May need to interview UW Women's Hockey Coach Mark Johnson, is anyone able to help me with this?
At the center of it all are the bets you placed ... The outcome now lies in the work you're about to put in!
bad news on the door step, i couldnt take one more step--maybe/// 10news4sale. Corporate doesn't believe consumer media is a good fit
Enjoying a beer while watching the game
Like most things, there are exceptions to the rule.
Twitter is so frustrating. The question didn't even post in my timeline :(
I totally agree. I am a student teacher, so my experience in differentiating is low.I would love to say bye to wkshts 4EVER!
Berman said "back" approx 73 times last night; longest was 6x "back" for Gonzalez in final round. Check out today's SBD for more.
Thank you. I'm glad you found the article useful.
“: #ThingsBlackFolkLove Wearing chains. This love dates back to 1500's.”
yeah of course! Pls come. Lots of brews and fun. Shots shots shots.
Both go hand in hand!!!
too bad. I like a good tease. That's when Leo the Lion comes out. Lol.
Jeff, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you. :)
YOU ARE THE MUSIC IN ME
Ouch, crushed beetles used for shine and color in Starbucks Fraps!! Can't believe this s*^% happens!
I'm addicted to
A1: One of my fav brands to follow is They are hilarious, ridiculous & I open every marketing email.
"The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door..."
I used to love watchin Tia and Temera 's show Sister Sister (:
PUT GOD FIRST ...oh wait
"You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world." - Unknown
Ugh let me have Lea's voice
Follow me people
my hair has a mind of its own. i can never get it the way i want it, i swear.
is that you singing the hook on the Snoop song So What?
Fuck love ? No , fuck the person who made you think like that .
Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time.
thank you!
The original police “raid” at the paper consisted of rummaging through a single reporter’s desk and failing to question any other staff -NYT
#FF thanks for helping me with the skewer, it works great, got the trainer up and running : )
Have fun boat shopping! Check out the if you're looking for a ski boat.
Today in jazz: 1928 Clarinetist Jimmie Noone records "Four or Five Times" with pianist Earl Hines.
yessirree.. drive is not bad.. lots of Jagoffs... and weather last two trips has been poor.. snow last time to months ago
ah I talk with him once and he's very nice
interesting that he's changed his tone post Iowa.
Entrapment: East Coast Edition. Summer 2009.
* My hour is almost come
Matt Thompson and Megan Garber starting the #brandcpr session with some energy. And promises of cookie packs.
YES he is lmao
so good to see you last night!! hope you wear the sweater soon. xx,B
and didn't u send me a txt saying tht ur phone was gonna b taken away or sumthin'??
Foundations paper officially done! Time to start working on WC paper. Done on 12/13 with Fall 2011! YAY!
thanks love!
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all
I hate the constraints of the bell at the high school level!
Oh I see how it is
GM Job available at Bar Louie Water st, how can every candidate I interview be so under qualified and boring! Where are all the rock stars?
actually Tampa and heading to beautiful Ft Walton.
what you doin
Ugh I can't sleep!!!
urban space sculptor shares his public work at luncheon sponsored by
my bad bro hit me up ill inbox ypu my number for right now
Seriously girl...we need to hang out! Actually...I'm going to text you right now...enough is enough :)
the great khali
The relative abundance of cabs helps, too.
It's nice when someone compliments you on how nice you've been to them...this day looks far better than yesterday :)
Digging the Pink Martini show here at The Paramount with my sweetie. They sound fantastic in this room.
Can't agree more. Everything else sucks
In Class , Sleepy A'f , Hungry A'f , Bored A'f , && Did I Mention That I Was Hungry A'f.
#NeverShouldYouEver lie it'll stay with you to your grave.
bellevue jobs
Omg thank goshh!!!! I will stay up all night just to hear if i have to!
There's no such thing as yoloing to hard(; words of Kevin.
RT : Some companies encouraging their customers to answer questions from other customers. Self supporting customer base.
The project was slow and partial due to other projects, but it's rolling! Will check out Sublime Text 2, thanks. :)
What makes you beautiful, or 11:11.. cant decide :)
well my grandma does...and her friends. ITS SO EMBARRASSING.
R.I.P. singer Whitney Houston. :-( Find her greatest hits at LPA.
Today in Invention History: Issac Hodgson received patent in 1869 for the roller skate.
you are muy annoying
: Need as many bodies at for tonight at 1115pm. Come on. We close out the night
;; but at least I'm with friends now ! my flipflop broke too
Reminder: Meeting tonight at 7pm... open to all, feel free to come on down for a tour or to meet the members!
An "ex" is called an "ex" because it's an EXample of what you shouldn't have again in the future.
What the Hell!
follow back then hun
#GoTribe Just saw an asian kid decked out in indians apparel so like any other irish hillbilly I said "shin soo choo...
Happy Valentine's Day to u too!
I feel amazing #hardworkout it's pays off <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Just seen some inspirational words from the one and only, the only one that i know and also the only one that we all know,
brandon was looking at me today. and he snuck up behind me in AVID. he was so close to my neck. Shivering :)
Winners are not those who never fail but those who never quit. Ed Cole
Great effin #NBA finals game!!!
I do what I can :)
.......Why niggas gota be difficult? huh?
#xfactor shame on you Nicole, shame on you. It was SO obvious but you wilted. Rachel - you blew us away, sweetie!!
and if they hire "the next big thing from out of town," it's going to take them a year to figure out the culture of the dept.
woman loves getting married.
Social Meetup tomorrow at Engine 11! 2pm 30 North Avenue NE, Atlanta
Get a nature fix (without going outside)! Buy a plant for ur desk - it reduces fatigue & discomfort & improves performance & mood :)
killed that 1995 freestyle
s/o homie u got that shit
Limp Bizkit signs with Cash money
Crawfish boil and tequila for the going away party... I think they are trying to make me stay
Ok I know I'm really annoying sorry bye this time for real.
Damn you for thwarting me with your hashtag! This war isn't done! I have Comicon tickets. It's ok.
Hey it's BK, What song u wanna hear? the rumor is-Rolling Stones could be the musical guests on the season finale of Sat Night Live on 5/19.
Your penis is too small bro.
LCers: heard Ross Harvey now calls his LIS class Digital Stewardship b/c of curation's over/mis-use. My campaign gathers momentum!
when will you figure out that im probably your biggest fan? <3 just one tweet from you can last me a lifetime (:
Insomnia + snoring mother = no fun.
How are you celebrating St. Patty's Day? What is your favorite Irish dish?
hahaha me too!
Setting aside basic internet access issues, will DPLA/Zeega work with older computers (that maybe can't handle heavy multimedia)?
I need a nap.
Rick Perry just didn't have the energy it takes for a debate.
"End of Summer BBQ" Cooking class, 09.14. 6pm Hot Smoked Salmon, BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad & Watermelon Gazpacho! $40 pp. Call 404.681.4434.
Roses are Blue, Violets are Unicorns, This Poem doesn't make any sense. Refrigerator..
RT : “Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were 2 success when they gave up”–Thomas Edison.
In that dream moving slow through the morning time
Goodnight moon.
Walking with Dinosaurs is tonight at The Gwinett Arena!! I got tickets!! My Nana is even coming, woot!
things are just heating up in here in #Chicago. #nato protests started today. Protestors trying get cops to respond w/ violence
Pretending to watch March Madness! 2 for 1 @ Roccos :)
Wishing a safe and Happy New Year to all!!
Why am I still awake??? Smh
It's weird that it's already Halloween. Hmm! :3
you can never go wrong with a cute neon tee and jean shorts<3
Dear parents of 7 y.o. LAX phenom: he's not that great. Especially when he threw the ball and hit me in the crotch instead of his partner.
Great Lash & Illegal Length :)
Contacted RE: unprofessional service from Grand Moving, the company they brokered. I'm optimistic BVL will right the wrongs.
Up feeling blessed this morning, with that being said, have a great friday facebookers......
Jenna Marbles <3 :)
I wanna hit the pool but have to get this weave out my head first cause water and weave don't mix
You guys are the absolute BEST. That's all! ;D
no rest for the wicked, they say.
Do you see what we've done? We're gonna make such fools of ourselves
my elusive email Twitter friend, sending a #ff your way!
Baron, relax punk. Artest ejected for trying to stop the confrontation. Surprised much? Lakers end streak at 7 to clips
Savoring the journey...
Jeff. Thanks for checking in. Been swamped, but will check it tonight. Are you happy with how things came out? Eric
Good morning!! Breakfast time with my son Dariel!!<U+2615>
I couldn't believe how quickly temps dropped yesterday afternoon. But supposed to be a fantastic weekend.
I'm about to pull my hair out!!!!!!!! AH
ChillN wit the vets even though I'm still a rookie , ikno got a lot of livin' left .
Good Friday morning! #Quote: “Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.” - Vincent van Gogh
#EmailMarketing Tip 8: make unsubscribe process easy, clear, quick. Don’t hide link. Ensure they are removed immediately....
RT : SO. GREAT. Missing #NYC already! RT : Great night last night !
This stye on my eye is painful!
Just got my Ambuzzador package! So happy to be a part of it! Thanks
root for bubba then.. Phil is the milka of golf
Making scones = a half hour of clean-up. So worth it.
Alice in Winter Wonderland
Am I breaching into #mla12? Mieville's vocabulary is impressively, aggressively postmodern replete w/British accent
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know? Thats me on some psychic shit
Congrats to the on advancing to Western Conference Finals (and new ownership)! #Vizzda supports your quest to make history!
I go to bars and order chocolate milk, and when people call me a bitch I tell them it's a White Russian and it's getting me super drunk.
So much to do so lil time!!
meow meow valentine <U+FF61>o.<U+FF9F><U+FF61>*<U+FF65><U+2605>
Haha!! So fun/scary! Never to be forgotten.
I guess I'm sleeping with a Bible tonight
I mean ANCHOVY PIZZA!
What are common questions cust ask. Is your content answering those Qs? Don't be an ostrich & avoid cost issue
Do we have meetings tomorrow I wasn't there on Friday?
RT I've been called a rare commodity. I wonder if that makes me silver or gold? I guess I could be either ore.
da djembe is fragile!! Don't hate! (;
Speed elevators the Egg McMuffin of elavators
HAPPY EASTER THOMAS!(: have a good one!
Attention deficit cause I don't pay you none
talk about weak
School Tomorrow :) <3 Cant wight to Learn the New dance :)
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect eh.. but you're perfect for me.
Hey trusty barrista... you are being followed.
Can u match me with a FeaTure Film Financier?
This chick in front of me just cashed a $10,000 check..I wonder if she seeing anybody?lol
I can't stand a clingy nigga.
I am super tired..
Going to sleep soon. I'm so tired plus I wanna dream about my baby.
is un-wierdedified a word? i wouldnt think so.....
#whodunit? Definitely someone on the 5th floor. They are silent and deadly, I am sure. :-)
Dear Lazyweb - Any recommendations for a good web-based IRC client, ala Campfire?
I wanted to win
finishing up this years continuing ed...a whole 37 hours before the due date :)
I am craving Long John Silver's. How strange. Back to work tomorrow after a long weekend. Ready for action!
What was the final payout for our team? RT: #ff - Whatever the stakes, whatever the game, just bet on him!
Madison No Fear Dentistry is a Mercury FREE dental practice to help protect the longevity of your teeth!
Just saw the #Avengers ... It was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had really high expectations and they were way exceeded.
Yay! My article on lessons learned at #SXSWi will be published in #SMPS Marketer!
I'm not being Sarcastic when I write this but I'm seriously going to Church tomorrow & praying for people.
I have a shore house it's like 10min away. Your more than welcome to stay
Had lunch with the hubby at his work. :-) I appreciate #Google!
come home soon!!!
"the best Guinness you would ever have in your life is the one they serve at St James Gate"
In this case it's about who brings the right more and like hogan said to rock they were his fans first. Same rule applies
Well lets meet <U+E418>RT I've alwayz had a thing for chunky ladies.. Healthy, big boned, all of the above. I still do!!
Shorter is private I believe, therefore they make their own rules since they are self sufficient.
Maybe wrote "Office Cornerback." Classic mix-up.
Ha! Im an idiot. Wrap it up Friday --: You can only see my Friday, if U show me yours
Hey There Canton this is Avalanche I just want to say keep up the god music and work for Jesus I see you at the top.
A big thanks to all of our residents for making 2011 so great! We're looking forward to a wonderful 2012!
this is exactly what I was thinking about!!!!
African Americans who are offended by marriage equality issue. SHAME! Civil rights are civil rights.
My favorite phrase...Same thang make u laugh make u cry... BEEN PROVEN.
No one could ever even understand.
I think I like Evan Smith....
You all good?...I am running around last minute...Hit me on my phone if you need anything!
Whenever I hear "do you think I'm sexy" @ work I grin. Images of Scottish men
I will travel over mountains and across seas to be there!
i dont rock with swim like that anymore its only c roll and vizanime!
HA is the best in business. MM, I wish u would have sold it to me in 08 when I asked you at CPAC
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
Smile .. RT : oh Joni, so many words per line, so hard to sing
Kernel panic when I run class-dump. Coincidence?
Hats off to Green Bay for closing the game.
Not wild about the dark interface on the portal, but I don't like dark interfaces in general.
hahaha that's just silly...
Hi, Birthday bash should be fun, lots of food and great DJ Blake Michael from Lemonade Mouth, jan 16th, contact me if you need details.
Welcome to MKE! I worked at WISN a long time, so if you want the scoop on anyone, let me know! ;) Ha! JK - They're good people!
We now have a humidity affliction image! Thanks Charlie B. "The short springs" affliction is still without representation though.
OMER PICK & ROLL HOLY FUCKING SHIT ARE YOU KIDDING ME ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
hello my sweetheart I'm here ;) and I'm so happy u r too. How r u??? Any news? Love u so much !!
Good they were just some dumb looking practice jersey everything back to normal
Are we all hanging out this weekend? :D
Our conversation is so grand right now.
Nice!! May you have a Blessed day as well :)
I have yet to make a shawl! I better get on that! THanks! :D
Trying to plug in your phone charger in the dark = impossible
Congrats on the ponies! I always believed in your #cstheday powerfulness.
I'm saying HELLO to a car with air conditioning tomorrow. But it's going to be chilly next week
Clothing is a form of self-expression -there are hints about who you are in what you wear.
My phone is on, but I can't get through to you. #WTF?
About the move: Will there be a house cooling party?
Waking up.no button on yo boxers, half asleep, walking around lookin like Gonzo and shit (completely unaware) <<<<< However. Still Priceless
Magic fans! Follow and you could win tickets for tonight's game!
I said it ppl gave me weird looks they told me to shut up
kickball is a mans game.... if your 7.
I guess Goober v. Gomer was too much for some. Much like Lil Kim and Kim Yung Ill. ?? lol
#CabinInTheWoods was excellent! So creative & clever. If you like horror movies, check it out!
completely! Can't sleep!
Finding purpose in the present moment
Guess that little hit-him-in-the-back trick BACK FIRED
Microsoft joining forces with Barnes and Noble. Interesting.
Jeff doesn't need to subscribe to Manchester viewpoints any more than Karin had to for Copleys.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 700. Slowly but surely building my social media presence. Help me reach 700 please! I follow back. :-)
WHO HAS THIS SUNG ON THEIR BDAY??
“ what you got in mind. We talked about a cake and card. But more can be awesome.” Slideshow?
Who's watching the golden globes??
Found out I'm leaving Afghanistan early!! Woo hoo!
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Purchase a Hybrid or HP tan for $11 each! MEMS-ONLY: Buy 2 HY or HP tans for $11 or one week of upgrades for $11!
Life's short, have a party!
New post on Dr. Carr's new blog features ideas about the book I'm finally reading, Alberto Manguel's The Library at Night.
Earth, air, fire, water in balance! - Deborah Vetter
Just realized I have very few real friends, just four, everyone else I'm not too sure about...but at least I'm sure about Jesus loving me!
Yur the real deal Justin. Thanks for rep'n this sport that I love with class and respect! Best!..... now get the flu!
It's hard to believe that Don Draper would be 87 this year!
"Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more." H.W. Dresser
Yay Marty! My puppy was outside too and was shaking when I let him in tonight. He's now snoring in front of the TV. Guess he's ok!
what did Princeston do to you
thanks for the webinar tweet!
Solid show. Look forward to the next one.
Crossfit workout, breakfast & work at Alterra, lunch meeting at the Palms, football with my mentee & friends and 70 & sunny = awesome day!
Wonderful Strategies For Picking The Right Web Design Software ...
It's official Megan is apart of the squad LMFAO
thanks again:) love you<3 hmu!
' Coward Ass Nigga !.
black and white party on saturday Williams place!
A2 Misalignment between business goals and mktg goals. Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
my sisters are with me on this workout challenge and there off to a great start but anyone can join this.
SO true! re: Fenty = analyze & act mayor; Gray = meet & mull mayor!
You don't have to be qualified to help people - just willing to help.
follow happier people.
I called earlier & the gentleman had a hard time telling if 2nd phone was bought. I figured I will wait a few days & call again.
Boo!!! Call me a Commie too.
Bored... don't know what to do now ?!?
I am my most creative, calm & at peace w/ myself after days of meandering quietly through tattered books, quiet trails & baking experiments.
Anyone wanna make plans for the superbowl?
The Avengers <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> Can. Not. Wait. For the new Batman and Spiderman!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
First Hour sucks
When i go to a convo and see i was the last person to talk and got air it slyly discourages me to start the next convo
soon enough!!! Don't be a stranger
get me through this last exam and i can stop giving a fuck about everything
Following The Rhythmic Lounge! Hope you follow back! Just purchased your upcoming issue!
okay good <3
"The great aim of #education is not knowledge, but action." – Herbert Spencer
The only thing that's sure in this world is that LA will tow your car by 4:20 for parking in the anti-gridlock zone
Thank You :) <3
Lees Art Shop Amazing Place, And Few Realize That Theres AToy Store! Read Our Tweets
YOU ADMITTED YOU'RE THE GOD OF ALL RATCHETNESS
financial restructuring attorney opening in Manhattan!!! email for more info: .
Carrot sandwiches and beer. Can't go wrong.
RT feels so heavy now... new resolution, start exercise; go jogging!!! mmpphh...
You know u ugly iz hell when yo weave looks better than yo Face!
walking over to Come visit
What about today? Shopping or creating homemade gifts?
RT : Watched a gal faceplant as she walked out of Twin Peaks.
looking forward to seeing you all tomorrow!
u need to come to this party I'm att NIU omg
wat the faaauuucck… was she talking about ..
I love your tweet pic. You are gorgeous!
": really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x" omg avocados = <3
Fighting jet lag = Starbucks coffee & first series of Spooks
Great! Wasn't sure, since it said "features" on the submit page.
Following! Check Out #SnapshotBoys At TOPSQUADENT.com! Link Up With Them!
There is no "i" in "team". Unless you have a Hispanic accent and are trying to pronounce the word "Tim".
Get down to Lunar tonight!! Catch myself and upstairs, downstairs!! Don't miss out!!
Seeing friends in a play always inspires me. Thank you.
Ask ESPN why they thought doing Randy Moss blackface was amusing -- even on Halloween?
tweet tweet. :D
I learned that the hard way.
hey Matt, it's been a while; found you on Twitter and wanted to say hello. How are you and then family these days?
So happy 18 pounds down hope it continues yeast free woohooo not bad in 1.5 weeks. Now if my energy would come back. But HAPPY this morning
With over 5,000 local businesses and over 4 million items in its database #NYC area. Taap.it currently available on #iPhone and
23 million veterans in the U S I would like 2 thank all the brave men&women that have protected&served, both past&present Happy Veterans Day
I wasn't quite sure, but now I have to make it soon if there will be Hoveround races!!
shots fired!
Ooh! Yeeeessssssss! Teal'c rules! RT : I can finally confirm: I have been cast in "The Dark Knight Rises".
understanding where u came from & what u went thru to make it, sets up for an electrifying story. You just have to Take Action & Finish
I picked up my new glasses today and have to go to the dentist tomorrow for a cleaning. I wish I could talk to you in person.
Wait...Wilson Phillips has a show? Does everyone have a show? I want a show...
If not for Chalk and Duct tape my Apartment would fall down :)
Rise and grind! Only a few hours until the weekend...let's get it!
UGH I never see any of your finished works!
Santa Margarita High defeats JSerra 8-0. Eagles' top line accounts for 7 of the goals
Thanks for the follows and and for making #SanDiego delicious and stylish!
yea decent guys too jamario moon, AP, damon jones, D marshel.....LOL not even good hole fillers oh yea dont forget Hughs
well drink another one for me
I think scaling is hard in either case.
Professor Demuth is a man of rare intelligence as well as an artist, and he is anything but a crank.
She's not a saint and she's not what you think she's an actress, but she's better know for the things that she does on the mattress.
Typically school districts fund R program, but local businesses, foundations & orgs can to. How can you support #reading & #families?
Okay. followed
: If that's the case then Tommy Bahama has a strong intellectual property claim. I'ma start working the phones.
Don't forget - Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow! $2 off your combo meal!!!
The bae got basketball tryouts tomoro afternoon @ southeastern university hes gonna kill it i pray he mkes the team
If you click "ACCEPT" on a social media site's Terms of Use, did U know U give up more than you think--especially on LinkedIn
I have seen it, but today it was in a business conference!
Employers. Pay your employees their last check. It's their last check for God's sake.
Currently accepting pseudonym suggestions for my unofficial IT role for friends and family
Its like I saw all the fancy lights and couldn't stay away, but what's behind the holograms when all of them lights fade away?
didn't know that...learn something new on Twitter every day! ;-)
CRAP! Ethan sporting sore throat & heavy cough & has "that look" in his eyes - probably too sick to go to family Seder tonight. Bummed.
What about job training initiatives that TIF funds could be utilized to create?
Looks like I missed my chance to go public but my affair with Herman Cain. What a man what a man what a man what a mighty good man.
hey sweetie wow what a lost from the Yankees lol oh boy have a great nite
#worldcupfinal let's go team USA ! Bring it home girls !
o the things i say while improv-lecturing..like today i managed to use the phrase "get it while it's hot" within a mismanaged turnip analogy
I can't wait for the Nick Cage movie Hungry Hungry Hippos.
its called the BMV people!!!
night baby doll.
lol oh my bad. They just broke me lol.
I look forward to meeting you in San Diego. I'm on a panel after your keynote and I'm bringing the beer.
...it actually made me examine what I just read and helped me piece things together. THANK YOU!!
Well it got you to react right? Good or bad. So the commerical had some effect. But if u purposely dont' buy the coffee its bad.
why! R u moving?
no thanks, already got one
We were humbled by your attendance!! Big honor! RT thank you 4 another great Food Court Vegas & the awesome taco
thanks for the help!
So sickening how they blather on the local media in LA how MecheellO is here to open a produce grocery in Inglewood.Doubt that it is organic
“: Hooray made the money! 117.5 points is a lock for the National Championship amirite?” Yes now all in blind
Jay Mohr, Brad in Corona, Vic.
What do you think are the top 3 mistakes entrepreneurs make when asking potential clients questions?
they tried to launch a bomb...
Right . I'm stuckk . My mom trynnna dress me all up in some dress & heels & I'm likee NO -.-
10000 at first break = starting stack = treading water first 3 levels going to 100/200
Get to start my vacation tonight by going home. Yay for family and a shiny, new Galaxy Nexus!
Thanks Joe from for the personalized email today. Appreciate the great customer service!
Kid got bored and stopped halfway through, before putting the wheels on.
"A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner."
make two dreams come true but following me nd 23
I concur RT : Ok so my SIS has got to be one of the most beautiful ppl I know hands down!
Awesome! Thank you! I was all top 40, but my bandmates are converting me to 90's alternative. So we cover that song sometimes <3
Cleaning and organizing office today. Listening to Fu Manchu, Refused, Powerman 5K, Rollins Band, Revolting Cocks, Jawbreaker, Throw Rag.
thank you!!! Xoxo
#3wordsforyou street cold zone
Congratulations TV dad! So proud to be part of the Cowgill TV tree.
...and scorpions are crustaceans! Hahahahahhaha!!!
“: Say a prayer for me tonight.. Definately needing one right now.” love you! :)
Off to the DMV to get my license renewed.
Back in the USA! One more night in Boston
totally my fav earrings ever! The manage to stop people & they tell me how fab they are. Only hurts when I'm on the phone!
Oh, oh, oh! Loved Rita Wilson on today. Her CD sounds great and I will buy it. 60s and 70s cover tunes, oh yeah!
RT : People forget how important it is to be silly. Really.
#Tribe set to smash these Twinkies!
Does that mean anything? Maybe Venus is trying to kill me.
hunter hunting a wild boar !
Should have grabbed Kellen Moore with that pick.
where are the live tweets?? Did Condi give you a Vulcan nerve pinch?
Yes, the hiatus is over, Quinn's Big City is back! Further announcements about the future of the site to come over the next few days.
Its always nice to wake up to a phone call from the police...
Just confirmed: Jen Wood and Alessandra will join the cast of guest singers on Nov 13
Knee, ankle, head, cocktail.
I agree it is pretty exciting! I really think it might be the next wave for connecting print & digital
Haha that would be awesome! :D
...I walked into the wrong one. I'm now committed. :(
I probably don't send about 70% of my tweets that I start to write. How this one made it through I'll never know
Leon Rappolo, Albany "Barney" Bigard, , Charles Ellsworth "Pee Wee" Russell, Bob Wilber
at home watchn kingz of comedy
Seriously. I feel bad for any young voter that buys into crossroadsgeneration's bullshit propaganda.
Now that would be fun :)
At the next Art Drinks, we're giving away a gift certificate to Pantheon Popsicles, makers of gourmet popsicles with local ingredients!
glad she is better enjoy your day today
how could krejci be so bad lately-injury?
“RT : if you are not party, you have not fully experienced ”
just lost a huge pot in this bounty after guy overalls flop with overs pair mining. He hit is pair and I bluffed at it.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you
Rule of thumb: putting text images online that cannot be read will only piss off your users.
Of course we mean JEAN-PAUL...love!
Many around u are mentally frozen from success,which they will try to hold u stuck as they R.Let they ass freeze,while u go afta Wat u want
I'm ready for the weekend
I hope today go by fast at work
Tell Mr.Gruden that the call when the player hit a Saint player was correct since the hit his helmet. Geaux Drew.
great to meet you, as well!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Make the most of every opportunity in these evil days. Don’t act thoughtlessly, but understand...
thanks following you back :)
Ok we're here! Come say hi and pick up a beer and a can grip!
like us and post your pics please
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
pimpin the ripoffreport.com...just a friendly reminder, a good place to start when looking to start doing business with someone new
Should I ask how things are going this morning? Still testing?
Without music, where would we be?
there is no exact release date yet. As SOON as we have that information we will release it. And we should be there this year!
If like bocce you"ll love skeeball.. league starts JAN 2012 in canton
I'm going to enjoy watching the right wing do the full meltdown.
Montell Williams is nuts. N
Of course the second I step outside with straight hair it starts raining
macaroni pretty tony
no I want you to go!
Thanks! Much appreciation from the 's alter-ego! :)
thanks love all late n shit lolz
Very true keep up the great work ! Why you still wake ? RT : At Least Imma Good Role Model =)
Its barely 6am and we're watching Barbie Christmas Carol with a sick Serie. Its going to be a long 4 day weekend.
Out shopping the store is so empty
Just ordered 's new book on social media and #custserv. Can't WAIT to read it!
One more busy day doing things that need to get done then I can relax and focus on my art =) yay
Ever hit a creative wall? I couldn't make anything for days but I'm back to normal now. Glad that's over!
Yesterday was a 9 but today is totally shaping up to be a born loser day. And that was all by 8:30 a.m!
#HERESTOALL Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. After all, you're only young once.
If this person were from the South, maybe I could get past it...
Babbbyyy you light up my world like nobody else! <3
good to hear (:
james is kursed...south beach lookin shaky baby
What a beautiful day. Thank you JESUS!
them scream at me for ever then here them say they're ashamed of me..... I have no fucking choice.
let's do it fo sho'!!
Celebratin St. Patty's Day by celebrating my niece Sophie's 2nd bday! Looks like it'll be green koolaid instead of green beer this year :)
I am quite sure I didn't win the lotto, but if I did, to hell with all you little people.
I know I was stretching the #OpenAccess tag on that last post, but it's kind-of related, and totally relevant news.
Welcome to twitter Matt. Glad James followed up with you about , sorry been swamped! Catch up soon. Attending #SXSW?
You had me at hello....
Can you please follow me? I'm I'm one of your biggest fans :D
The whole state is on suicide watch.
Make sure to catch the 5 o'clock news on for a special on the Philipson Group's recent work with
Headed to It's gonna be my last #DCFBHH for a little while.
Fennimore pitcher Evan Friesen helps his own cause with a long double to left-center field to lead off Eagles third inning.
Finally got cable!
Whenever I download a Mac security update, I risk losing the ability to connect to AirPennNet. Who should I be angry with?
Gotta see battleship just bcuz Rihanna in it.
my fone still off!
Agreed. Take the world but give me Jesus is the best.
We dont see u keep following me
MF Global Just Got Cut To Junk Status By Fitch, And Everyone's Weighing In On Who Will Buy The Firm via
I need some #reviews on #VolcanoGirl -- any #comic #fans #bloggers that want to see the movie and give it a review??
The Wanted Emcees..!! It's Less than 2 hours until the official release of "Wanted the Illist" Dont Stop, Get it, Get it!!
<i followed him
Girls with braces are HOT!
lmao! so true!
Also, I'm in love with Tyrion Lannister...or maybe it's Peter Dinklage. Long live the imp!
some sins even the fruit of the gods cannot wash away...
It is possible to click "like" because you want to see what is being posted, not because you actually "like" it.
A5 Continuous monitoring-every intermediate marketing outcome metric should be validated against cash flow drivers
RT : Carnitas Tacos from 's terrific book Mexican Street Food: in my column in 2day's
What time is it
Well Monsieur Mahmoud just watched me karaoke "let's get it on"....
me to. K bye.
Geothermal energy could supply mankind with power for 13,500 years
his K/9 was crazy last year, I will give you that
Good Morning, #Chicago! Tell us how you're celebrating the weekend!
Greetings from a fellow Cubs/Packers fan. We're a unique breed! Catching any spring training this year?
Plus Go fuck yourself ! Grab a strap n bang yourself.
Another day another bout
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day
I had a dream last night there was an In n Out burger in Waukesha. It was a great dream.
SGOTY ON THE WAY! January 13th! lots coming up in 2010...tonight come party Saturday style with Vegas' Finest!
What are you writing?
Doors open in one hour- 6pm- for Acquire the Fire! Legacy on west Central ABQ.
Shoutout To My New Followers -
I thought the same thing, it was so ridiculous it had to be a joke, right? Apparently it's not.
... Fuckin cock licks lol its ight i love yall but maybe a sovenier from a gas station sumtin funny from another state !
RT : Home Depot to move Phoenix distribution operations to Riverside: Home Depot Inc. is closing distribution cente......
That was an awesome nap :)
you're gonna make your breakfast soggy
Well that was a fun pick-me-up this afternoon
Shooting music video for "Long Island's Dead" soon!
One step away from disconnecting you from my life.
I never trust a dog to watch my food and I like to use the word "Dude" as a noun or an adverb or an adjective.
some girls r wishing for a love story & im out there living one <3
Jury votes 148-41 to rescind the writ of Cherem against Baruch Spinoza.
I'm surprised it took that long.
This year I'm remembering to bring my own coffee mug to Midwinter.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
i can do this
Big love to all who made tonight fun!
The new Canon 4K cameras are slick.
happy belated birthday young man!
yeah but you get as much Crispin Cider as you want. So you're in.
the fact that these refs have endorsed the flop takes away from the integrity of the game.
And why was i expelled?I killed the principals dog.ON ACCIDENT.And i also brought a deadly weapon to school. apparently a stapler is deadly
let's not worry about what they ain't doing for you... worry about what you ain't doing for yourself.
Stupid state champ <U+E405>
About to be in Waco! Thinking of you ah sic em bears.
Nap time .
BAND BOYS AND BABIES. CAN'T TAKE IT. I CAN'T.
I once told someone my New Year's resolution was to "submit more"; it took me a minute to understand why they were laughing so hard.
Now and then i think of when we were together.
there definitely are some loonies up there.
What part of the country is Funkytown in and is this a good time of year to go?
Going to the Gym :)
Z RT : ICE CREAM CONVERSATIONS. THEY ALL WANT THE SCOOP
were just too cooll.. :)
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they understand media and have a global view!
My actions say I believe you... But not my heart .
“: On mining bill: "...motivation to not allow a potential success for Governor Walker appears to be what really killed the bill."
YOGA with Carolyn tomorrow (Saturday) at 8:30am AND rip:60 Suspension Training with Nik from 10:30-11:30am. Both at Accolade Fitness...
Trying to get #GiveObamaCreditFor... to trend. I know you can come up with a few.
followed. follow me? :)
#FF Thanks #BigBrotherBigSister followers #Mentoring is part of successful transition.
We agree!
but to say they are encouraged to grow by the loopholes and write offs that exist for big biz is a fallacy
Flash-1. Thin Mints-0. At least he only got the one cookie.
Tired of the same old bull shit..
Aveda's customer-loyalty program is called "pure privilege." Buy enough stuff, & you get a "pure privilege reward." Not sure I want that!
Drawing glasses on friends sleeping.
200 million. Wow.
hope you enjoy the discovery
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
Y'all been listening to , 1340 on the AM dial? has been especially awesome. What a great station!
Big win for the Kings. This could cause a major war with our friends to the North. No Canadian teams left, I guess they can watch curling?
Know what? Today's just a damn good day to be alive. That is all.
Empire of the Boner
The Twitter is an interesting specimen
Yes! Just send over an email my way :)
Did some memo make the rounds last week that it's totally cool for writers to start going fully racist online?
Sunburnt like hell...at least has to drive today
i hate when my ass hurts too bad for me cause i can only move so much in this chair
going to be around today? have proper serious question to ask..
meh, pitivi is pretty useless. What, does it only support MPEG importing??
See you guys at Bogarts!
~ will be closed today to recover from all the holiday partying we did this past week. See you tomorrow!
So, likke. I was thinking... when you're done with your homework.....Hangman? :)
Johnny GooGootz, that's who ;)
Laying down some new song ideas tonight. Gonna try and get some pics so check our tumblr page later
I'm agree with you like 1000000000000000%
Shout out to
flight booked to #NYC hello reunion time with
TODAY! Watch My Strange Addiction on Discovery Health Channel at 9:00pm EST, featuring April!
MT : "There is no marketing cure for providing a poor customer experience" from workshop!! So true!!
quack quack
Really great meeting to end the day. Super nice appreciative clients.
If you don't see anything about the basketball game in your TL right now, your TL weak af'.
RT : Almost 100 percent confirmed Ill be doing a show with Chiddy Bang late August in FLA. Coming down southh.
Soo....i FINALLY got to a million in "Temple Run"!! #feelsaccomplished!! #ihopeyourproud!! :)
Check out your new profile pic! You look gorg! How are you??
lol seriously!!! He's stepped up this yr.. Smoak.. Not so much.
11 days til your birthday. :) WOO
Yeaa be out where the action is lol, well I'm gonna go to sleep, gotta go to the bank in the morning, we had a great chat. GN!
u are amazing
Seattle summer weather in NY all weekend. We did ALL the tourist stuff. Nobody told me this place was SO big.
Ha! Webform finally sends email as planned. Take that, my bad coding skills.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and AGAIN
chaos in England
not feelin' it today :-/ be back Monday with some great eye candy for you.
what did you end up doing this weekend? I thought u didn't feel good all weekend???
My hair smells good. @
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico! Fun, yes, but we are building a new school here as well! Leave it better than when we came!
I think #Tiger is back.. may not win this week but it's coming soon.
I hope you have a good weekend Jenna!
Wow! I can't believe it's been a year. I miss you my sweet Sensi.
sweet ride!
upload dem pics from dallas - Brandon Glover
Wake up and ride.. Perfect
Your mind is clearly working better than mine! I have no recollection of that snappy little moniker.
well at least it'll get better eventually.
Just saw a lady at work that looked like stepmom and gave me some chills! Prolly cuz she was cold!
“: My lasagna was a #fail <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>” I thought it was great <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I am so incredibly frustrated right now. I don't want to go to choir concert. I want a cocktail.
These #Flyers are killing my buzz. :(
Watching Beavis and Butthead and wondering why my parents let me watch this when I was 6 years old.
#oscardi having fun
Thanks for the video clues for the 2012 80/35 music festival. The Avett Brothers alone make it worthwhile.
Thanks, nice to meet y'all too (<-- we're learning to speak Texas!)
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE.
if you were a women and I was a man, I'd totally impregnate you.
As Ian MacKaye asks for an alternative for Excell a million voices chime alternative
I know! Driver told us to wait for the next 23. I ran over to subway because I had to get to class. What about rain and snow?!
Amen!! RT : #DearStudents, DO NOT START ESSAYS WITH DICTIONARY DEFINITIONS (unless you're challenging them substantively)
I love He's one of the few people who has the courage to say "The emperor has no clothes!"
Wow! That's considered an "oldie" already?
Sounders are on in a hour. Get in and grab a seat and a pitcher of Redhook No Equal for $12.
Anything you pay at earns rewards, payments to do not. Just pay with a credit card you connected
i can't feel bad for you. you're 40. you've lived. now let me.
are you a bowler?
Well thank you! :) I agree, who doesnt have a little bit of kid still in them!
I just read some funny stuff. Lol @ people who start, settle, and finish their problems on Facebook. At least they're smart about it..
Come On BLUE #Kansas !
Thanks so much Danyelle! So nice to meet you, Laura :)
trying to find info on 1977 Berliner Jazz Tage festival poster I bought at Goodwill
"The man who can own up to his own errors is greater than he who merely knows how to avoid making it."
how utterly disgusting wishing a whole community death. You are sad excuse for a human being. It's sad you lack empathy for others.
Lunch today w/ my snowflake team: Reason No. 5,786 why I love working
oh ok I thought I was gonna have to take care of something lol but I'm good how you been
I am opposed to both these dangerous bills.
#elpaso #debate best of the worst and worst of the best
lol oh yeah?
You'd never guess the rebounding is 32-31 right now.
on twitter its bin a long time it felt like forever
Seeds don't belong in yogurt! It should at least come with a warning before you dive in.
I dont even feel like going to school.
this 210th would be for Miami.
so is NHibernate considered legacy already? ORM's in general are legacy? NoSQL or Bust?
good night tweet tweet lol.
go get 'em!
She said this aint that VS cuz everybody know ha secret, she said this that Bed Bath And Beyond....
hey nick what do think of Jessie J i love her! <3
Brown rice costs only 30 cents more than white rice. A no-brainer substitution for families.
I had fun with you today!
it's dangerous to party in parked cars anyway. You're on the side of safety.
We dont know about the rest of Lexington but we here at Lexington Commons are tired of all this heat!! Ready for a cool down.
yess ikr ?? feeling sad rite now need to be cure :DD
hi, im ur fan, before i was jonas brothers's fan, but ur better!!!!!
action item was great
Harder than I thought but I feel great that I did it!
is a must follow bitches!
Thank you to all of you who have served our nation.
People are such hippocrites.
I think you should just watch "up"
I'm so full!
I couldn't dl the image on my DROID.
Studying for a human anatomy test, it never stops!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
True #Love has ACTIONS that infatuation, sexual attraction, & chemistry can only IMMITATE without a genuine follow-through. Ur #heart KNOWS
niggas in here doin to much talin we might not eat til christmas
Although it may not always be convenient, its important not to skip lunch so you can stay fueled through the afternoon!
Strawberry Tart- This delicious tart is a buttery shortbread crust filled with pastry cream & topped with fresh, locally grown...
A league of their own is my movie
Someone in editorial Cant you stay on the tragedy of this boy without getting "smart" and expanding it this way?
Ur energy made our event #SWANDay super special!
Hey twitfam! We've been busy. What have you guys been up to?
You'll do great!!! :) RT : Meeting at 3 with the label. Going to the gym first to calm my nerves!
Gates' piece is way too late to stop the presses. Teacher effectiveness not being published, meaningless scores are.
Fresh out the shower.
I usually let it ring a few times because I can't find it.
Hey , why are you drinking RC cola from Starbucks?
Good luck tonight !
I take it you went to the concert last night?
very nice photos, Mr. Swery!
RIP Heavy D...
RT : I love Microsoft's new non-branding for Live. Now can it get rid of "Windows?" Who wants Windows on a phone?
Its is real I'm in the bay
lolololololol just shouted "black people" in our test hahahaha
airsoft team QA: Is it worth it to start a airsoft team in a small town?
Scottsdeezy fo sheezy... What up Scottsdale DJ DBX up in here...Peace out
just saved the photo, will def use for inspiration!
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: Getty asks how many fb pages is appropriate? Walker says it depends on the fan base---will it grow?
came up in conversation today at work. Gotta love it!!
It costs less than the Booze Cruise!
all the way!
Women dress alike all over the world: they dress to be annoying to other women. ~ Elsa Schiaparelli
Technically, I don't shout them as much as I mumble them to myself. But still.
I NEED AN OXYGEN MASK I CAN'T BREATHE
Bucks Win! Philly loses! Knicks have back-to-back against CHI! Its all falling into place!
k come and get it
Seems issue being totally ignored by MSM & by BHO. The end of America as we know it (or knew - past tense/)? Must vote Romney!
Can't wait till the Phi Mu formal next weekend, then a wedding for a really good friend, the reception should be fun;)
better bring them Ad Libs tonight while u runnin' the highlights ricky kam 'UH!'/wet jumpshot
RT : FT 2-3. Probably the worst result in a season full of terrible, terrible results
Well, they aren't weird—rayon is cellulose-based, as are the eg the corn-based bioplastics.
Dying at the slow motion replay
Finally! Someone mentions the 'elephant' RT : Whisnant: "interpretation and history don't have much to do w/ each other" #ncph2012”
You are not always right. Get over it
Horrible day!);
Reading "A Century of Spies: Intelligence in the Twentieth Century" by Jeffery T. Richelson. Anyone in charge of anything should read!
after I hit a deer I've been the same way!
"The Will Buetow technique!" <U+2764>
Doing hatha and meditation while listening to the rain outside...so nice. Welcome fall!
i love pussy too
studying fer finals wish me luck =/ algebra sux
what a weird day.
I'm trying not to give away plot. But yes, the react to her after the Chinese food thing.
I'm Dreaming BIG!!! What have I got to lose?
How would you like that?
Thanks Jon! I needed this quote today!
Loved the blog post.
There are so many useless add-ons for smartphones. I wish someone would make bayonet attachment.
please say someone took a video.
The local guys are heading to the NFL. First Middleton's Nick Toon to the Saints. Now Richland Center's Bradie Ewing to the Falcons
Our author Harley Carnes' new novel "A Hole in the Apple" just got compared #barryeisler on AMZN! Next stop Barry Eisler sales velocity!
Little kid came in here and tried to say "he has a penis and she doesn't" Hahahahaha his mom stopped him tho
i just ran outside my house crying and screaming omg guys i cant
This was Captain Clapperton,the companion of Denham
love the shirt!:) and you sound great!<3
are you in Wisconsin?!
Game 2 of Caps-Rangers playoff series tonight. LET'S GO CAPS!
OMG!! A Walk to Remember, tonight!! I love that movie :') <3 <3 <3
Thank you for that note - I'm hopping over to the blog now to read. xx
I love the evil look people give you as you bypass the elevator to take the stairs.
NEEDS to attend a rock show very soon...rock patience wearing very thin. Need guitars, and pyro...stat!!
I think ill make sure your name isn't on this paper tomorrow when I turn it in.
wtvr dad not letting me watch audacity crew from my show.
Taking my daughter to the beach today....one of her favorite things about summer! :-)
#FernandoRodney in to try to save it for the #Rays w/ a 4-3 lead in the 9th.
Work on what you are figuring for, in love, not always angry about what you fight against, or you will soon burn out.
Workin Sundays suck, workin holidays blow.. Workin a holiday on a Sunday without holiday pay feels like the company bufu'n u with no kiss
Can't we all just stay with you?
Reading the most amazing book - "A Framework for Understanding Poverty." Should be required reading for
WTF is with the exploding plane on Breaking Bad Season finale, how random. lol
I LOVE your work! :) Keep on doing your amazing thing! :)
The day they get rid of it, I will cry.
hello to you...
Excellent Gridiron Gala in Cockeysville tonight. Gearing up for Tiger Bowl II on Saturday. Great to see Bushrod there tonight.
the perfect chest!
true love never dies babygirl ;)
Pauly D, you are one sexy motherfucker.
4 work days. Then vacation in Vegas with my man! Wooohoooo
4 times the steak.
go go go go go
likes gushers ...
I need more friends that party.
Since When do you have to be skinny to be beautiful! Everyone in Jersey is shallow...
Puppies don't sleep.
When the angels ask what I loved most about life, I'll say you.
About a month in advance. Around March 7th. Anything you're hoping to see at BCB this year?
you crack me up kid lol
Watched Beastly with Allison! That movie is so good! :)
You make a gorgeous GaGa!!
ugh, God. are you bored or something? WHat's with all this weather craziness. Make it go make it go.
anyone who tweets kn vacation is not enjoying themselves enough
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love. ~Mother Teresa
I have a new Avatar......thoughts? Disclaimer......there's a reason I'm in radio and not TV.
and I'll bet you she could beat you in straight sets, chumpzilla ...
My daughter just informed me, that she wants archery lessons. I’m having visions of our household pets being accidentally impaled by arrows.
I'd like to be cuddling <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Today I did a total of 57 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 1, Day 3, Level 3)
I used to work in Chicago... Oh I don't remember anything else but we'll be there.
I like it when you call me big papa
i love kitty
The fanciful collective nouns ("click of photographers") are rarely actually used, just collected in lists.
#TEDxUofW YouTube better than live? Sometimes YES! Choose, pause, repeat, ...
Just got off phone w/ who has no idea what the techs are doing. Will call me back however, it's turned me off.
What's MySpace? RT : I forgot what u even could do on MySpace.
Thanks, it was!
RT : Wear orange or Centraal gear to Sunday for the game and get a free Silly Pils.
So contemporary art history is writing stories about art works that remove them from their market and place them into art.
She a bold face lie!
BBVA Compass Stadium looks really, really awesome on television. Congrats to the Dynamo.
Matthews, Marcotte, & Hare? That's a lot of institutional knowledge leaving the room. May you all enjoy long & happy retirements, gentlemen.
Shaq is a Prince Hall Freemason. Get down or bow down!
Hate when people assume shit
My #NationalCoffeeDay cup is Irish Style, if you know what I mean lol...have a great day coffee lovers!!!
Happy Merry everyone! May you all spend quality time with your favorite people and eat, drink and be silly. I know Elf is in our DVD *hehe*
Is there an #ala12 Super Shuttle discount code yet?
Chief Meteorologist Flash Flood Fabe with your 94 Zone Forecast for San Antonio~High of 95~It's going to be hot everywhere! Wear deodorant!
That said, when I see "Stony Brook Medicine", I think, "local neighborhood drugstore"...
Just over here at BDW
CANT WAIT FOR UR NEW STORY TO COME OUT !!!!!
On at 9pm, hear from the "back of the pack." They finished the #BostonMarathon after the official clock came down, but they finished!
in a lot of places, if the car is running, your'e driving. whether you're moving or not.
You and the drink look fabulous!
just a rumor
Broadcast Minds is coming. Tue 4/17. Industry Leaders. The Future of TV. We're days away from sharing BIG news:
#HowToGetRejected jus be yourself, that always works for me -__-
nice to be off after a rough week at work
Happy Memorial Day Weekend! Let's celebrate!
I hope everyone had a nice holiday....
hey sorry but I have tweetlimit. =( sorry
We remain cautious in supporting HB1238 b/c the research indicates that retention isn't a sustainable long-term solution
Edouard Manet...beard of the day...that's what we say. Check it out...www.greatbeardsofhistory.com
haunted haunted haunted wheat bread
Jersey Shore Coming on soon but im tired smh imma end up missing the entire season nd imma be mad </3
Man the B1G was nasty this year. This is the 5th place team taking Kentucky to the wall on a neutral ct.
austin will ruin you. but only for the better. :-)
i don't want to let you go
I think I'm going to cheer for the Tardinals since UK is so terrible
Awww haha happy mother's day to your mom too! <3 :)
Stereo Up Music video is done! Will have link up soon! Unbreakable Ent!
Looking forward to the launch party this Friday for the non-profit I began to help needy kids. www.ehwear.org/
You're cracking me up Zumba! =D was filmed near a cliff today overlooking city of St. George, UT
Dear shopping ladies: The proper response to "How are you?" is great, good, fine, shitty, not "Just looking."
#MyPastRelationships made me stronger and wiser
RT I'm giving away a free pair of tickets to see Lauryn Hill on Tuesday night at the in Pomona. RT to win.
Come on we can so do it !
AA raised 3x and no action. Darn
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Really ready for it to be 5:00 PM on Friday. To bad it's only 3:30 PM on Thursday.
: Central Texas Shootout Austin, Pearland, Duncanville, Milwaukee Wisconsin. Those are ours upcoming tourneys.
Winter Winds - Mumford & Sons(:
Has anyone put their handle on a headstone yet? That will be the
you have to arrive pretty early to avoid the crowds, but my ranchero omelette was pretty awesome.
gotta stay loyal to the ATL!
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something wrong happens.
I always do that at the Mavs game! :)
Stay the same and tell them to get breast implants???....
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell.
": #Leo your whole personality is dynamic and attractive to others."
Thank you! There really is...that's my favorite picture ever!
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. - Bill Cosby
god i hate people
“: #RiseandShine - name one healthy thing u'll eat today! :)” oatmeal with bananas for BF after good workout.
How come no one ever releases a poll featuring dead democratic voters? They represent a large & underappreciated voting block in the state.
its so funny how in about five minutes, my mind changed completely.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools. Confucius
Plz report in Where are you rocking out & how is it?
Come out to the Freescale in Oak Hill from 6a-10a and donate to Bikes for Kids! Anything helps! Freescale will be matching your donations!
Thanks you Notification of gate chg before any other travel app in use
RT : Charles Barkley just gave some good advice during the half time show! North and South vs East and West.
No I don't.
Stuller: #MadMen is difficult to watch because of its treatment of women, but it's brilliant for the way its women subtly resist.
And my knee still hurt cause I don't kno how ta pop it
Started working on the Pilot today. Every journey begins with a first step.
third time's a charm? Yet another kick ass concert!
what are these yoga plants you speak of?
Fear that the technology won't work after a well planned lesson with no "plan B"
We've had over 1000 views for the Pilot episode in just 3 days! Thanks everyone for your continuous support - it's overwhelming!
At last #atxunscripted stop for the day. Latest quote: Preserving neighborhoods means preserving identity.
I prefer the "NYC copying ROC" story and I am sticking to it despite evidence to the contrary. ;)
Michael's Name would be Toast n they call Terry Eclipse lmao
Cool I'm just happy I spent 3 hours with him and got to hang out and talk that's a privilege and I love
we could be so lucky!
his followers
;-) a pleasure.
What a long week, time for a huge nap.
I gave so many rides tonight
Bagel Bites for dinner
Terrifying. They look like Gottfried Helnwein paintings.
yea he's gonna get put on blast fuck that....I need to get on a computer to repost it I'm on my stupid blackberry
Kris humphries is a big oaf.
He's a kid. And bashing really great trucks. It's just childish. Food trucks have it tough enough with our city laws.
CHRIS MUELLER....GO ADS!
<3 new songs will be coming very soon!
Atlanta has weakest fans in all sports ... Unbelievable knows
So am I!
I want a hamburger NOW!!!!! :p
And a happy Friday to you all!
That may have just been the lamest tweet I've ever sent. But it's lameness makes me giggle inside. I'm a total geek.
Great to be connected Kevin! Thanks for the follow.
I was listening to Kiss FM this morning and they were playing TLC songs - it was fabulous.
Do you trip off of your girl cheating if she fucking him, but she is taking care of you in every way possible while cheating?
The Emerald Agency Advantage
and baby everything i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, ill be there when you insecure.BEST SONG EVER MADE! <3
Why didn't immortal song invite piggy doll into the show?.
Now following follow back?(:
You should ask author/filmmaker about *his* computer set-up at Starbucks--!
Fletcher's priorities: rebuilding economy, 21st century jobs; rebuild education system:
Great Spin meeting in Southlake tonight. Proposed development on 10 acres at 930 East Dove Road.
Good game
This wasn't the case at all, but I think it's disgusting when bands turn their fan clubs loose on critics.
Why was that #msu player crying on the bench?
Putting yourself out there and pushing to network with potential employers, companies and individuals at events such as The Big Ten Career..
What you can conceive as a child of God, you can accomplish as the Lord leads and the Holy Spirit enables. Charles Stanley
YES! honestly, i'll be in dc tomorrow i'm not doing anything today
I love it when my students actually learn something.
RT ": you are so cute lol *random*" < Thank You! Xoxo
yes I'm hoping I can get there this weekend!
I don't recall that, but I did a lot of drugs back then... #scriptchat RT always said 'embrace the cliche'
editing again w random old movies on mute in the background. man, people in 1965 really danced like they were on crack
I love how the #Sncommunity comes together to help each other. Always!
LA City Council has voted unanimously 5,100 times this year. That's 97.4% of their votes. #LAgov #math via
I almost forgot to mention the Jets employee who tripped a Dolphins player during the game. What a classless organization
In Blacksburg, VA attending rising start-up Lujure's Hack-a-thon event, and celebrating their first investing round of $550,000.
Voter reg deadline 12 days away. Get your health care employees to polls. For voter reg drive tips, go to HOSPAC website...
“: It's a beautiful place. Im glad I can call it home &hearts;” amen. Ready to bring it in Navarre tonight!
lol it is a #NoTweetZone about the Lakers tonight lol now the game over time to hit this bed lol
Good food at the exchange:-)
Baltimore Office of Sustainability offering 3 different grants to schools and organizing City School Sustainability Day on Nov. 12.
Its mad funny when niggas get rashed tryna be hard body
it is WORLD VOICE DAY on April 16th - PREPARE TO MAKE SOME NOISE!
weird. it's repeating my tweets.
The Sing Off has become a horrible show.
We're excited for Michael Cavanaugh's "Music of Elton John" tomorrow. Tweet us your favorites by Sir Elton & follow the piano man
I listen to Justin every night before I go to sleep. I listen every type of music. I want Bruno to come out with something new.
so do u feel big? n nah it's impossible to get me mad
i may be reaching but i doubt it, the Nuggets would've been a better series. OKC would win, but they might mess around and sweep these boys
#Clemson is definitely benefiting from #FSU's pitching and fielding woes. 5-0 Tigers.
YES! we read them.
Just got done recording the new video! I'll put it up sometime this weekend?
Deeper understanding!!! :)
"When Harry Met Hartmut's Face."
Ryan Gosling in Crazy Stupid Love <U+2764>
Serving God & doing it his way sometimes seems like it keeps me broke.
#ghettocrayolacolors i can only see your teeth at night White .
Congrats on all your amazing awards you've received since 2009. We just received the newsletter.
You'll make the most of all the sadness, I'll be a bitch because I can.
Going to the gym in the summertime feels like I'm slapping Mother Nature in the face and returning her gifts.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>7
Rihanna makes everything better
I worry for you sometimes little buggy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B>
A birthday sign,cupcake,andd a card for my boiiifrannn I'm so sweet;)
I want a personal shopper...food and clothes.
he plays captain America and he is a gorgeous man haha! But either way it really was stinking amazing! I recommend it
i feel like everyone needs to know how depressed requiem for a dream just made me. how am i supposed to sleep now?
I'm on my "fuck that bitch shit" you use to be the shit but now you aint shit bitch
Wow, thanks Mark! RT : is the best thing to come to East County in a long time. Fantastic staff..incredible food!
I worship the quicksand he walks in. ~ Art Buchwald about Richard Nixon
I'm looking for a new icon pic of Ariana!!! can anyone help me find one? I will give full credit! :)
Thank you, ma'am. I appreciate you reading my tales. I shall pour from my pitcher of cheer in your honor.
presenting "mediation advocacy" seminar/CLE to Clearwater Bar Association tomorrow at noon - my hometown - good to get home!!
mighty cute look she has going on there.
Lmfao that Swimming scene is GREATNESS :D
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ask her would she mind if u saw other women on your wedding night
Hey, thanks for the RT Mike!
Oral bacteria could be responsible for foodborne infection
#TwitterlessDavidBrown is totally done with s&m
will work on those, any others?
YOU WILL KNOW I AM ANOINTED!!!!
Should be here in the next few weeks, we hope! We will let you know on that one as well...
lookin nice n the gold!!!
Thunder butchered the Lakers, now I gotta listen to Charles Barkley butcher the English language.
i love you ! #BeliebingUntilMy<U+2665>StopsBeating ! Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I , we , love you so much!
Video 5 is up
I am high as fuck! Yes SIR!!!
Since no one else will say it, I will. Will Ferrell probably isn't a good lay.
Did anyone else see all the Kony 2012 posters outside?!?!
Well that and....
Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix and making us dance 'til we drop !!! So CU Thursday night MamboCafe Dallas !!!
Raiders K Sebastian Janikowski sets Raiders single-game record for made field goals with six
#Google+ anyone? Let's be circle buddies!
not supportive if his stance I take it?
Portugal: No plans yet to reopen Madeleine McCann case Portuguese police have not yet found any new evidence to merit reopening the inv
Thanks for the #FF, Happy New Year!
Does everyone like the new Drew Haze pics that were uploaded?!
happy new year <3 end our year on a good note nd tweet us <3 from ur biggewst fans in america Rena and Gabby <3xxx
yeah my daughters private event!!!!! We are so excited!!!
Hah, event trigger/bind pattern
Havin a chill night, dinner, Drinks and watchin the game:) ->KimBeezy<-
Good morning ¤
#NP Here comes the sun - the beatles
You're far too kind RT I've decided to produce/record/mix any project that Justin Krol has for free, for the rest of my career.
ROCK T IS A GENIUS CUZ HE ONLY DOES 2 STORIES A DAY
Finally a good radio station 2 listen 2
Carl's boyfriend disgusted by progress. RT Mayor Declares Victory Over Budget Crisis... cue eye roll.
Masturbation exercises are believed to benefit women with orgasm difficulties for a number of reasons.
need jumbo screen printing? contact us for a friendly quote.
sounds good to me!
So where you at? Im starting to think you may have lost my number. If you need it let me know, I would like to talk to you.
Took the day off to hang with my son on his 3rd b-day. What a great day!
Thanks for the retweet! We hope you can make it to the celebration!
Solid IBJ article in IBJ on Congrats JV! Even the full-color photo of you didn't look TOO bad ha!
Paul Orfalea a most successful entrepreneur, despite (or because of) his dyslexia. www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAHal48eokk < a must see!!!
world due to its evident advantages. Among them:
I can't wait to see/hear about them :-)
Ken Those base camp treks (Everest for sure) will be the coolest thing you've ever done. Don't listen to "it's too touristy".
agree 100%. Sad to see you go, but moss is dead to us!
Homemade Pecan Pie for breakfast courtesy of
“Say a little to say a lot.”
Congrats on Avengers!!! FIngers crossed it does okay! HA! Can't wait to see it.
Zimmermans attorneys quit......
I am Newt Gingrich and I am the President of the United States. Newt's recorded message just delivered to the citizes of Moon.
I started having my players do a success log after practice... can't wait 2 c if they work harder 2moro on things they want to improve
thats like getting a tatto of your significant others name on you, just plain dumb.
and da skin com right off. Den ya fed ex to ur enemy to say u will murda dem. One time!
you get a pass then, lol. Mnt can be mind-boggling!
Good Night Twit.
lol it's true!
The Wanted.<3
too bad everyone hes mine because im the only one who really knows him in reaal life soo be jealous :DD
Our generation will make the weirdest ghosts. "Who are you? What do you want?" Ghostly moan: "Your mom!"
You'd LOVE the smell of Patrick's Sunscreen then. Smells good enough to eat. www.patrickssunscreen.com to request a sample.
Thanks for the RT ladies!
If you're in Philly, you must go see perform on thirdbird's Seen & Heard 4. They are fantastic, and so full of energy!
Off to filming....
Last show tonight. Then I'm off for two weeks!
Perfect day for an after-work #run!
Powerwashing extraordinaire? Was the best I could do? LOL need help
Hi Fellow members! I am looking for a recommendation for a company that provides fun "take away" items for our booth at infocomm conference…
I like that got me into Rick Ross on her special the other night.
I want to make t-shirts that say "I'm a slut and I vote."
If only dogs could pick up their own poop once in a while they would be perfect! "No, I got it this time brotha step aside !"
Email, I thought it was over but then I realized I can't escape you M-F. You are like a bad breakup that won't end.
lol thx telling it was on mrkt. I seriously probly would bought & couldve paid most if not all cash
miss you vin!
no you love me
hope production is going well! Hope to connect again in the future.
why would i ever think of leaving you?
asked would this of happened if he was white How can we depend on THIS media to bring us truth
Follow me please :D.,,
What am I excited about? #beezle and our first show in nearly 3 years.
RT My favorite religion is that one that doesn't try to force their beliefs on you. What's that one called again?
Things will happen in your life that you cant stop. But thats no reason to shut out the world.Theres a purpose for the good and for the bad
"Human nature will not change. In [future trials] .. we shall have [men] as weak and as strong, as silly and as wise, as bad and as good."
true in US 2 some degree in both edu & hc, but more true w/ edu I think. edu is still more public in US than hc, no?
Yes then we can drink lattes, lose weight, and watch Getty videos on iPads together.
Thank you Barbara. We really hate leaving the house. We hope the next folks will like it as much as we do :)
#loex2010 what fields are served best by Twitter monitored by a librarian?
“God does speak—sometimes one way and sometimes another—even though people may not understand it.” Job 33:14 (NCV)
Chevy apocalypse got the most laughs
2/4 people were goons. That's pretty high percentage wise for Art Skool.
Like Joel Osteen, I 'm also a cry baby. NOT because I'm weak but because I CARE and FEEL DEEPLY.
#40days till #BELIEVE ...EXCITED!!!! love youu
East coast West coast beef lol. Fuck da West.
#Love that! RT "from the #ashes of disaster grow the #roses of #success" - Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
A7: Also, if you are thinking about software provisioning in the cloud, think about software licensing!
yeah!! (: and Ikr!?!? Ugh it would be amazing!! Maybe tomorrow I'll try to get people to tweet #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin! Haha
Join Pocket Full of Rocks, Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Cape First Worship & more for the hottest worship conference of the year!
hey you, how r u
Kids + balloons + big cardboard box =
Thanks. I almost died b/c it was so hot and sunny. We did a walking trail. I feel great though.
Congratulation to all my VCU English graduates! Special Woot! For Cebrina and Brooke.
Hey Jason. No problem. Just getting over this weird sore throat/jaw bug. Hope you're doing better! haha
It was wonderful! Thank you :) RT : We hope you enjoyed your birthday with us! C ome back soon!
Living life like you should
without my lab it's a C
Why are my allergies so bad today?! Fuck allergies, there's no point to them!
“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.” <U+2015> Eleanor Roosevelt
Yeaah & tell him hes dumb OMG imma ssend you a link to a video OK .
You can still enter to win our gift certificate giveaway! All new followers in April will be entered in our May 1 raffle. Yay!!!
Logic Pro update, thank you very much.
when ? & did you text the right number ?
#3WordsForYou I. NEED. SUMMER.
I'm superstitious.
Get your self under control, before you try to get me under control.
It's SuperJim! Too funny!
Got my very first copy of in the mail today. "Hilarious, In the Wrong Way" by Stephen Ornes starts off my subscription
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA Ruby is at the hospital.
I was ready to tap out on but the Let's be Bad Times Square episode and now Ivy's I'm Going Down felt raw/spontaneous. I'm in!
We're doubled blessed to have the presence of , feminist writer & scholar, who accompanied her mother
You gonna be there? will be exhibiting & speaking on Sat. RT : Great Southern Comfort review from
finally welcome to glee
Need focus.
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor?
awesome congrats on the autotune box !!! Please follow Me? luv ya thanks(:
Need custom screen printing? Visit www.inkscreens.com!
Excited to be off to #THATCamp Prime in June!
One of the best days on the market in a month
Great job Indianapolis. The Super Bowl Host Committee did a fantastic job!
rocks my socks!
Alright , iim bout to go make this cereal.
Fac want: online collaborative workspaces, online exhibits, database-driven websites, conference websites, cont.
I'm holding out for the mullet instead.
your copy of jQuery is 404 on the login page. url looks like it has a typo
At LAX, grabbing lunch with mum before security. Boston is bitterly, painfully cold. Looking forward to Cali.
Ate at John's TexMex fer lunch n let's face it, best and cheapest food in
I would believe that if I was in a Town Watch, in FL, and I shot an unarmed White teenager, the Police should shoot me, and not let me go.
No. He is asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Why do I feel like everyone at my school is out to get me!?!? Except of course, my friends!! It's no fair!
Looking forward to watching you play this year! I take my son to the Boone games. I bet its crazy when WP comes through.
#preparethem Newt looks like white, wrinkled walrus.
Actually now that I remember I have to go finish my other homework I'm so sorry please forgive me but if I don't finish it by
UNA NOCHE IS HAVING ITS NORTH AMERICAN PREMIERE AT TRIBECA FILM FESTIVAL TOMORROW...CANT WAIT!!!!
Ten’s favorite quote: Assumptions are the termites of relationships. Henry Winkler
any word on who will be the backup QB?
Thank you, Randy
RT I believe in the IMAGINATION. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see-D Michaels
posted about 1D. LIFE IS COMPLETE. MY OBSESSIONS.
She should get some coffee mugs made. That's really how you change the conversation.
Some times I just want to punch a bitch. In Dr office & this mother of an aspie. She is bein so fuckin awful to him.
Love the passover post! Making matzah toffee tomorrow morning.
It's the best things in life... Positive attitude...positive thoughts...its all good :-)
There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity
lol o well cant change it now :p
i love little visits <3
I want my cake and I want to eat it too. I want to have fun and be in love with you.
hair salon downtown
Newt Gingrich is an invented person.
Willow, you could bring Buffy back from the dead, but it took YEARS for you to figure out how to turn Amy human again after she was a rat?!
Ready to get home and get in the bed i SWEAR
hhhhhhheeeyyyy wanna follow me?
cool. my mom promised me she would let me go to the movies for my birthday. now I'm punished, because she's in a pissed off mood. wtf
“The time is always right to do what is right.” ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
ah ha! That is right next to the
hell yeah!
Happy New Year, Houston!! Thanks for a great 2011 and here's to an even better 2012!!!!!
but I love her
@ avengers midnight showing!!
your head is exploding isn't it?
Happy carnival guys!! Hope you have a hilustrious samba and day! PS: Welcome o the Brazil !!
I know I have said this a few times recently but 4G is here!!!!! The Samsung Galaxt Tab 10.1 is ready and waiting for you!!!!!
Crutches + Forrest Gump-like leg brace
That Verizon commercial with the mom & daughter is hilarious. <U+E414>
i'm happy now that i didn't have opportunity to play until HS. nothing wrong with flag FB til then
I'm here to help folks RT Thanks, Dan!
hell yea bruh do it to em
Attempts to use a single ingredient or growth factor just don’t do the job that the right combination does.
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
Or I need to bite the bullet and set up RSS or use Google Reader. Hate to miss posts that people are keen on sharing.
Being side swiped in ur new car #sucks!
Follow Me On Instagram Nothing But DOPE Shit .
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP - Operators of the world
I love the smell of fresh cut grass as soon as it starts to get warm outside! What is your all time favorite smell?
Yes, I'm quite hungry.
I had to throw the 5's as my fifth because it was the first pair I ever owned and I can't leave em out…
Leaving Chicago for a weekend never felt so good. Getting away from the mess.
Sarasota Real Estate Tip #4 - If you are considering a home on the water in Sarasota make sure you ask...www.luxurysarasotarealestate.com
miss you already
WI Conservatory of Music sends greetings and best wishes for your weekend of awesome music!!
I need one day to recoup but let's get it Nas!
I thank you Andrew Wiggins is the best player in high school, what do u think?
Why does my cat keep trying to eat my iPod case?!
If she would nap in her crib, I would get so much more done.
got chips for our "French party" haha.
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Loving my life!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Spring is in the air and in the bakery as seasonal treats are available at starting tomorrow!
omg I can't believe you and went to boot camp again this morning. I'm still hurting!
I'm not kidding its the worst thing I've ever had to do
Love your morning show on ! Props bro! Are you on facebook too, besides the Wild 107.7 page?
aha sure, what do you want? , what you eating? :)
Tonight! The Chris Hansen Band (feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy) will take the stage at 7:30. All ages, no cover!
": lead generation" what the hell is that? Some sort of nucular panar plant?
naa...they post their sched on twitter & their site...they're obligated to farmers market weds..they is be busy chicitas
Forgot to tell happy birthday Yesterday :/ but happy belated birthday friend (:
I replied via DM :)
What's up Dude ;)
My family was denied health coverage 3 years ago because my wife had ONE infertility treatment 8 years ago. The status quo is unacceptable.
GOTCHA, Thanks! RT : 18th & G (or Penn) could use some cupcake love!
Yea prolly not getting any sleep tonight.
Why so much 3 guard rotation tonight too? Did not seen that effective to me...
Your ambiguous ethnic blend perfectly represents the dream of the American melting pot
great work today!
You can do it!! I know you can!
HACKERS CANT HACK US NO MORE !
#RealTalk RT : Paul Lee: "Scandal is amazing and is just brilliant"
People don't really take the time to get to know me.
That really made me feel good. Thank you Sarah! Akdhagah you're adored by so many!
Took a shower! Braided my huuur! time to go mimis! man its warm in my room D:
Your realtor is your business partner. Research and pick a networker who uses social media for promotion.
Omg #storyofmylife RT : #ZodiacFacts Many #Pisces, cling to their past as a way of trying to understand the present.
Dennys rite quick.
Bittersweet, your going to be the death of me, I don't want you, but I need you, I love you and hate at the very same time
Epic happy hour last night, we've started the front bar takeover!
we saw the sign :( When are you reopening?
looking forward to it.
Just wanted to say a) you're awesome and b) it was great seeing you this past week at #cbb2012. Good luck w/the dissertation!
def. the gummy bears!!!
I was with them for awhile. But once they all ended back up in prison it was like WTF!!! Let me know how it ends though.
": Oh & I love you guys ^.^ , pretty girls don't fight !" Lmao right . Their Waaat prettier than them.
lol yes I SHOULD , but we don't do ANY work , so I use it as my personal music class !
maybe i'm so underwhelmed by instagram because i know how to do all that stuff with cameras, or in the darkroom?
Worst ladyparts doctor ever.
YO FOOL, It would be cool if you called me:)
congress on 1 year of derby!
forget ASAP rocky it's Aesop rock all day the og And where that other dude stole his name from
Happy Birthday
Love women that cook
you ok?
I can definitly do that no problem!!!!lol
With Google, GU will have 25GB email storage per user!
If you want to sneek out in the middle of the night, baby i should be on your mind
Is there a cure for women with bad attitudes?
I LOVE YOU. YOU CAN TELL US ANYTHING. Please, tell us what's going on. I hate seeing you like this.
The Sonos Studio: New LA venue for exhibitions, concerts, listening parties, film screenings, lectures, workshops & more....
Making others feel better generally makes us feel better."
Do the USB outlets waste a significant amt of vampire power keeping USB rectifier/xfrmr hot?
Mind blowing never felt so good
If I've done my calculations correctly, then I should be able to jump back in time 5 minutes.
Hey /rhcb-authors! We're looking for a few authors to participate in virtual visits with K12 students this fall. Interested?
Im so ready to get out of this class
The only article on Wikipedia you can access during the blackout: ow.ly/8xEAo -
Watching TV with no lingering guilt...this is amazing. Finally catching up on Mad Men.
Lots of new folks just showed up on my Talk contact list -- even some people I have never e-mailed before. G+ integration craziness?
Do you want to get more votes for your panel? Write a blog post and make your case. Accepting submissions now at cluncon at gmail dot com.
so true for me. it can be paralyzing. MT : desire 4 perfection can keep us from trying to care for our [family] materials.
Angry words fan the fire like wind.
Lesson 5 from - focus on what matters most. Your time and resources are always scarce - use them wisely.
lol I woke up for school and my mom was like dan do you wanna go to school? and I was like no and went back to sleep hahaha
Dmy lemonade taste good
Really hoping manutd play a strong game today. They have good character & that goes a long way over the season
love you
Nearly 3 million children have a parent in jail or prison in US.
One more record for #Brett #favre!!
Thank you! :)
ah ha!
haha classic. Your right. Maybe throw Virgils son into the act haha if he has one!
Do "artisanal" hand-printed tees count? Just checking...for a friend.
you have pretty hair! I bet you can throw some braids in and take them out tomorrow
A few months ago. I dont remember when but it was near GRB.
dude 79 is not much
Enjoy your day, Coach!! RT : Happy B Day Coach Calhoun
haha yes. But I probably pop up, because I am the one kid from our graduating class that went to WVU
When ur videochatting with someone & they receive everything ur saying late so you just sit there with a blank face until they get it <<
Lol I'm sure I speak for the whole team....
Al Green still has the silky smooth sound.,,even if he looks more like Al Roker these days.
"everything feels right, standing in your light" she's standing in God's light now. So sorry for 's loss, such sad news
Let's just be clear ... No matter if marijuana was found in #TRAYVON Martin's system - Zimmerman still SHOT him in COLD BLOOD! End if story!
Props to Vikings. Played that one perfectly. Used the media and misinformation. Got their man, gained extra picks.
Glad there won't be a QB controversy with the #Browns. Best of Luck to the new offense.
Lions pick time! SECONDARY!
thanks for following me everyone ! Here's to 350 more !
American Idol Insider: Who&#39;ll Go Home Tonight and Who&#39;s Safe?
#Imagine Louis:"I'll call you tomorrow, babe.'' You:"Okay." [12:01am] *Phone rings* You:''Hello?'' Louis:"It's tomorrow."
Great article!!
She will be loved :)
Heading to for #liveonkomo party - representing
i so wanted to go too. at least i was able to take a long break &listen on the radio. same here chica. que descanse en paz.
how did you find out?
I have a follower in Chicago who's a friend of my friend in there and apparently has an interest in curves LOL
every disney and nickelodeon star is a singer. It's quite annoying honestly
wow, congrats!!!
Reach out to I'm sure they can direct you to the right places.
Hope you enjoyed the show :)
Red Bull and the song Superhero by
Just cut up a human heart with a steak knife, feels good man.
Are you referring to the Huskies or the refs?
We're open 12-6 today! Stop by and see The Piers: Art and Sex along the NY Waterfront.
RIP Whitney Houston. So sad for her daughter and her family.
“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
Watching water boy :)
#LordJesus. I Repent of my Sins. Come into my heart. I Make you my Lord and Saviour.
I found love, in a hopeless place!! :D love !!
I have just created a new list titled 'Investing' using TweetDeck
Thanks to all of them! RT : There are 70 locations that agreed to support with a donation box.
Heroes, yes!! Unsung, not so sure. RT : Will Allen, founder of has to be one of Milwaukee's greatest insung Heros
they eat bamboo duh
life is fun <U+2661>
And I'll pour out my heart hold your hand in the car, write a love song that makes you cry.
Dear 1%, Be afraid. Be very afraid. We have nothing left to lose and everything to gain by standing up. Love, 99%
Happy Monday All! Mondays can be rough.Great day to get even more focused on what we really want, need and desire in/out of life. :)
Thanks to for adding me to the list /tweets-about-nonprofits
This cab driver just asked me if I have kids...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Cats may not be better than dogs.....But Wildcats are better than Huskies. Come on down to BBN!!!
Just finished research study 2, now heading to class.
Who remembers the coconut shrimp from the Marlin! When we used to throw our party there, I would order every week! The sauce so amazing!!!
Sounds great - Skype? if so I am Cleanjourney send an invite - or we can phone - let me know what works best! Look forward!
I'm moving to Japan in 1 and a half weeks! I'll be living rurally but hope I can find/create a local scene!
yeah bro love you
Happy Holidays!
Sarah Webster Goodwin: faculty who get involved in assessment are seen by colleagues as having joined a "Vichy-like collaboration"
Stress eating thru the 3rd period
yay!! awesome picture!!
Yeah, I have to get up at 4 to go to work.
hahahaha all the salt
Yes!!! Quite fun!!!! We're all family, after all! :)
Please help support The V Foundation for Cancer Research Auction on now through July 13th. Visit www.espnradio.com for more info.
You mean nothing to me. What bothers me is that your giving me a bad name.
YouTube her name
Deep thoughts by me :)
We love when people bring their pets! What kind do you have?
Hahaha - My husband is like you should join Mike's wife in San Diego
Goodnight :) sweet dreams
I thank God everyday for guiding me on the right path to become the man I am today! #AwesomeGod!
All this lightning...but where's da thunder?? LOL
Someone should put a shit load of animals at the school as a prank
9 more days of school. I can do this.
hey come to Brazil :) haha
Afte this tweet, know this. It's now on the record. Your suppressing black sentiment just further lit the fire for a race riot!
yes ma'am
funny guy.
current or past episodes?
I don't dread death because I believe it is a transition. Our souls can't be destroyed. I know we are going to live in another life.
I don't agree with alchohol in the morning. I mean I agree with it, but the booze from last night don't. -kemmler
A storm that's lost has all its options open, & the whole wide world stretched out before it, waiting.
is your salon on palo alto or do you just online? email me and we will collab!
Never been to Tiffany's before
You:But God what if my strength gives out? God:You have mine. :) \o/ God Bless.
Thanks to for using social networking skills to provide on-the-fly bit.ly training for children’s programming staff!
I like good intentions, but at some point even the best intentions are corrupted when drawn from or used to promote lies.
If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
Dumbass phone wasn't updating tweets... sorry I didn't see these earlier. You might just be my new favorite person ever. ^_~
Wow, rental car Ford Focus gets 29 MPG, it's powered by Microsoft & I'm not a speeding ticket target. Should I trade in the "General Lee"?
now im watchin strawberry shortcake
RT : aaargh! data center screwup with new machines. So much for 30 minutes. We're SO close!| Dude, just use 1,000,000 iPads!
He 's Still Got It! Brad Pitt Suits Up for Critics ' Choice Awards Brad Pitt has been getting some flack lately for no longer bringing it
Shut up already.
Call me a answering machine cuz ill always pick up when u call.
No more naps for me. I can't sleep. :c
I just got my second wind...wish my body didn't do this almost every night.
I love how there are all these Knicks fans now that they have a squad... SMH... 5 years ago u were probably Nets fans or Default Laker fans
Southwest middle school I'm in 8th grade
Happy Thanksgiving! /yd
#GamerPickupLines If I was the Skull Kid, an ocarina wouldn't be the only thing I would take from you ;)
after a porch dinner and 2 glasses of wine last night i fell asleep at 8:30 in all my clothes, as per usual lately. :)
ha, not likely. is on the ARoid band wagon
...what kind of soft adolescence leads one to see this as "troubling" and "vicious" rather than typical behavior for boys?
who are u routing for?!?!?
that's exactly how I feel about her class -.- she said this semester was suppose to be super easy!
your missing out on 5 dollar footlongs with
me too :( our family is too far apart right now
I love the song radiation by Gavin Degraw ...it's been on repeat for about 2 hours..it's just so catchy
We have kids in our school that passes notes with each other when they're right beside each other and I'm like WTF!!!!!!!
Yes yes yes
Addictions are hard to break. I wish him the best. I think Wfan will be okay w Sid.
OMG PLZ LET ME BE FOLLWER #26!!! OR SOME WHERE IN THE 50'S PLEASE
Yeaa cause he called me when he got outta practice and i tricked him like you was over here and he said he was bout too come.
I finish 2 projects, 2 more come along. Short, must finish by mid-May before I leave for Indiana. If I get that Jelly Belly gig, I'm sunk.
Fun at the We Are Ohio phone bank. Talked 2 a man for 15 mins. He challenged me...but I think I convinced him to vote NO on Issue 2!
Why thank you so much! We'd actually love to hook you up with a free download of the album....
Always looking for fresh new talent and opportunities...
CLOSER~~~need I say more??? Muahahahahahahahahaaaa!!!¡¡¡!!!
jonathan -at- wpforce d0t com please
what happened to the power in Merrill and Johnson?
does this offer still stand if I do it tomorrow?? Haha
Sounds like your a busy guy.
right?! As if doll parts weren't creepy enough on their own...
What up brotha?!Have you ever done an Insanity workout? If so, what do you think of it?
"The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them."
I'm not lien
; when I first saw you I already knew, there was something inside of you, Something I thought that I would never find, Angel of mine.
What am I doing? Not giving a crap, and stealing Ian's USB port.
December/January is the plan.
Happy Friday! Iggy Pop is my guess. Cheers!
Viable explanations. I tweeted it after I saw a guy swinging said bag. We all probably agree he was way too into it.
Dj Cyn Spinnin At The Copper Top bottom of Peak 9 (Beaver Run chair) in Breckenridge at 2pm then the MLT tonight at 9pm! Come say what up!!
thanks so much to all who responded re: collections online study. I'll be in touch this week with some ideas on how to proceed
#fridayreads please look after mom
Check sheet and fixed/replied to your email.
PickUpLine: I<U+FFFD>m starring in a porno movie. Would you help me learn my lines?
We're tapping the KBS today at 5
isn't it weird that marc anthony & jenifer lopez both have their own clothing lines at kohls?
man im pissed
oh yeah!! Your brother is hilarious by the way!
Tour guide: what do you make with flax? Larisa: floss? TG: um... No. Linens.
yeah. You should because it's not right to hate on when you don't know him. And thanks.
is asking the students where their bags of mud are right now, what they have done with it since receiving it.
Starbucks happy hour trip number 2 <3
Ok so my twitter name is now changed. It was FuckTristan it is now _TristanScott =)
Why does everything good always have to end up being so bad?
Yes! I need a pack of them to chase me. That would be really motivational!
I hate my life
Manatee-Sarasota group's measure to fight domestic violence awaits governor's ... - Bradenton Herald
It is 95 degrees and I had to have a matza ball soup from Eisenberg's on 5th Ave. When you are in NYC you must visit. est. 1929 wow.
Melancholia is a beautiful and inspiring film... Film making at it's best and performances to inspire!
and I have a very efficient system of passing papers to one another. She just throws them down the stairs.
Heh. I'm actually on a jarb interview from T-Th. How about later this wk?
Morning Rockstars! > United we stand, divided we fall. - Aesop
Sounds like you had a great weekend. Hope you're enjoying the sun today!
TODAY 3-7 Vietri founder is on-hand to sign and personalize purchases. HUGE selection instock.
I just realized that I get to participate/watch #DJFriday on next Friday because it will be summer break!!!:)
following back
Austin's working on abs? Oh hell yes, show me some.
Great story. Wow!
Sunday night anxiety has never been this bad. Is Gary still our boss or is that over?
lol ur up really early. Bt happy saturday to u too. Nd thank you.
Listening to
Reading Engagement From Scratch & REALLY getting value - thx! Congrats on your marriage - wishing you a lifetime of happiness!
Um I could go for a "Barrie Burger" slice! Thanks match maker!
omg heading to the commons where are you
Don't fear criticism, embrace it!
Got my verizon upgrade email today. Bam! - Droid in hand. No longer coveting wife's iPhone :)
The will be hosting at the United Center tomorrow eve. Buy your game tickets now: 888-493-0004
haters make me nauseous but the money makes me anxious
Doesn't mean it didn't happen. I hear people can delete tweets that embarrass them.
last year driver had 6td jones had 7. Driver had a much better 4th yr vs Jones 4th yr (last yr)
just... ignore me at this hour lol
Y'all are gonna need a bigger camera! RT : It's #ManlyFoodFriday... just reminding all of you out there. :)
Lol @ that #yinzer that just jumped in front of the camera during take me out to the ball game
Sterling Hayden is the man in that movie. The hooligan. remember he was once called "the viking god of hollywood"
We appreciate that! ": Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine."
congrats on B&D
Because it implies a top & bottom which seems antiquated :
Doing some skiptracing and thinking about having a bowl of cocoa puffs. Am I the only one that craves weird food when working??
keep ya head up
": I just registered for my last quarter of law school. They are the last law school classes that I will ever take. <-- congrats!
Turn an old MagicJack into a Google Voice accessory
coffee and music make me feel pretty fantastic. :o)
I think we have a conundrum on our hands....
just handed 8 ref trax for some writing stuff in d-town...for something in chi...town....when i get more ill give it to you.....
I don't think I'll be seeing at Make Your Mark anymore :( sadd. But, CONGRATS!!!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Men that throw temper tantrums
You must be new in town. MT : We couldn't have asked for a nicer day 2 vote. Results should be coming in shortly!
Truuuu RT : EXACTLY! But does mean BASEBALL is that much closer! Rt : The Superbowl is tomorrow yeah? ::YAWN::
what you know bout lol <-- lol one of my faves!! he needs to F w/me for a photo shoot!
We don't agree on anything. Nothing has changed, the internet has just allowed us to see that.
oh yes...fucking truth in advertising.
Actually, I think we still have Penn Camera on E Street. But the hood is definitely moving up. Saw a J Crew store is coming.
hm that's weird cuz they not clumpy or not that dry cuz I get a new one every month. My lashes are long tho?U think that's why?
Our NCAA bracket pool is down to two -- Kelly and Krista. Who will take it all? That's for Kentucky and Kansas to decide!
It's always time for a Dew. RT : It's time for a DEW.
Those are two dudes I could sit and listen to for hours too.
the good life
Thank you for the #FF! We are so excited to be bringing Dale Evans to a new Generation!
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
#youknowyouworktomuchwhen you can hear the drive thru and fryer beeps in your head!
Top Web Development Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its Multimedia Services
wow buehler misses pat
Jabbar Gafney bout to sign with #patriots that a good look
Roller derby Rec League! Here I come!!
#Ericchurch is one cool dude
I'm way too close to graduating. Way closer than I thought.
Happy Easter weekend all! We're happy to extend 10% off to our fans! Let us know if you need anything!
Also, niece Kathryn has asked for Vera Bradley for her birthday. I thought you would be proud!
sth very wrong with their registration system if you can only do one kid at a time
I think you should follow me eh? ;)
Kim Kardashian's perfume smells like butthole.
I wish I was :( her prom's tomorrow right?
But I know where you belong, it's right here next to me<21
are you happy now!!!!
Just when I'm all like "meh" on Coldplay, they're all like POW. WOW.
should have found the salad bar for the celery and the radishes and the onions and the green pepper . . .
maybe it's time for you to move too....snow and sun?
My boss says headphones are now banned and I have to come in every Saturday for at least the next month. FML.
Congrats on another big win! #Congrats to Dennis Chin on great effort! He wins on the field and battles #hunger too!
I think Romney is a douche bag and I don't want my president to be like that. I love 's character.
Good Luck Coach Garner as he leads Friendly HS against Millford Mill in MD State Semis
PTSD makes my problems all look like i just ran outta peanut butter
thanks, the video should be ready soon!
I am more than happy to return a kind gesture!!!! A million for the retweet.
Jason Richardson came off the bench for Matean Cleaves at Michigan State in 2000
Almodovar's "The Skin I Live In," a wild, classy, surrealistic and completely engrossing ride
i FINALLY got a twitter ! :)
So, if the #Colts sign Leftwich as back-up, do they have to give Stanton $500k & trade him somewhere he can be the back-up?
thanks man! We can never get used to hearing what out fans think of the music! It means so much to us having people show love!
You have way 2 much to say not to get it out to millions!
Wow t.co/O55y0YGj
Who needs a Route 44 Cherry Limeade or a Diet Cherry Limeade? Or try Strawberry. Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. West off exit 18 off 695
Thank you to all of our followers who are helping spread the word to fellow passengers and who are also giving us feedback on the new routes
your welcome! :)
'night Mother-F**ker with a Hat
Greg and Mary are off to for our quarterly review meeting!!! See ya'll soon!
#ThingsAboutMe favorite color is blue
Lester Bagley was on with Dave Lee earlier. What did he say about a Vikings stadium? Find out at 9AM from
it sucks but its ridiculously necessary
stop tweeting before i have a laugh attack! Lol jk love u guys
Check out Kraft's Superior Tile Notched Trowel in use on page 3 of the new
I've linked our twitter and tumblr and now everything is in sync! tweet us!
Thanks to all those who send me there emails and snippet beats I will be checking what u have to offer periodically thanks :)
Funny! No, it's actually a well known, large online payment & paperless billing co. Name withheld to protect the defiant.
Thank you!
thanks for the rec! I love them!
i need a new picture . ; text me .
bigger and better things to come! way to go
Followed you back(: I like the music
Http://www.facebook.com/home.php#!/pages/Solis-Energy-Inc/200060303341975 Solis first 1000 likes will win a chance for a gift card
I'm getting beated up in texting! Ugh. She sent 5 msgs within a min looool.
Can't wait till my hubby's out of the military. Back to normal life.
Are you and Pork Ryan still in BC? I'm jealous!
I am so tired I'm typing with my eyes closed.
Aquaculture looks back on 2009
I done had pizza and wings
Having a tasting of some of our beers today. Kolsch, hefeweizen, stout, ipa, double ipa, barleywine, oh my!
You know what the #Heat need right now? Tebow.
I will use fandango, so we can skip the line.
What if kids could be convinced to replace playing video games with reading or exercising?
Candyce can be your stage name for when you become a glam rapper!
Word of the day: Traditional
wow,u r slow xD <33
Geno. (as in Geno the generic guy)
google ron artest. Homeboy is crazy.where is his therapist now?
Id say I'm in a pretty god mood cause I got some cough medicine.
: go KIrsten
Just finished TRAIL OF THE SPELLMANS: Document #5 by
Just finished at #Mintwood Restaurant and have to say: INCREDIBLE food tonight. So excited to have neighbors like this! Check them out STAT.
ball out tonight young man! Let's see a top ten block or nasty putback
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
all i need is my love and fam fuck everyone else
Laughing out loud to 's new DVD "Cats Made of Rabbits" at office. So funny! Filmed at too! Love it
RT : Starting is the hardest part.
Need food? Come see us at Lofty Dog! Many varieties on sale, including Wellness Cat, Orijen Cat Fish, and more!
Weird stat of the night #Yankees had only 1 run on 11 hits - O's 7 runs on just 7 hits
perhaps, do you have something in mind?
THANKS DARLIN! mwah :-*
Hope you are well. Glad to hear about your Kaiser experience.
Packing :/ don't really want to leave for work. But gotta get that $$$$
Q&A: Q notes #PGP participants mostly white men (those who volunteer w/o recruitment.) can a public built this way expand beyond that?
Looking for a good public place in the DMV to take pics inside...any ideas??? Inbox me or E-mail me:
just got off the phone with <3 I've missed our midnight talks ;)
My Shit Too Swollen :/
Better yet how will all of these ppl with tats look in 40 to 60 years with tats on their face
Dear diary, Finally on my way home from Alaska, caught 7 sea lions this year! Thanks Santa!
Another fine example of social sharing (without intent). I've just spammed my Facebook. Damn.
Today is Express Ya Self Tuesday on Street Heat Radio. We go live @ 6pm come get it off ya chest or better yet say it wit ya chest..!!
#Text MEATBALLS to 90210 & join Haulin Balls Food Truck VIP Baller Club for #event locations & #special #deals in #LasVegas!
What does it say? Helpful for you?
#glee lovin the performances!!!!!!
NO lol your good, trust me you don't lol. (:
SOA Software and Red Hat to Host API Management Webinar
It's best I go to sleep before I say something I regret
Especially since a manager has already called corporate on your unprofessional ass, and another intends to. Hell, I even may.
B-A-H on stage at the Blue Nile...now! GET IN THERE!!!
Wearing 5" heels, feminine/classy clothing & full hair/make-up does NOT make me "high-maintenance". It makes me a woman.
:O then we could both be working with animals :D
We're loaded up and headed to the Grail. Who's comin' with us?
#BeliebersDeserveRespect just like everyone else.
I am hopeful that next year will be as blessed as this one. God blessed me with my own apartment, and two jobs. <U+2661>
#1FactAboutMe i'm running for President in 2016.
Hands Like Glass = Brown Liver Jones
Also apparently the Bills have a pre-season game at the Dome. and I may be looking for tickets. FYI Vikings fan tweeps.
first it was my b-day which i over look cool now it thanksgiving which i offer to cook and i did and was suppose to come now
Berlf means bieber
Man characterize four situations: how he's fighting, according to money, as looks at children and how the relationship ends.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. Keep smiling.
Long day of talking today, makes my brain tired, but also realize open communication is critical to business leadership & success1
It is about damn time! Only took 2 years!
Turn on comedy central south park talking about Canada haha.
I can just reenact it for u in the a.m. if u can't watch. I know she's ur fave 12 yo girl. :)
Sharona at Total eClipz just performed heroic measures on the editor's 'til now unfortunate hair. Now off to buy a straightener!
"did you eat anything before you went??" "fuck no! I was going drinking." the best.
Gym time
rock fish? I want one haha
Keep us posted on your talk!
why is it that so many poetry writers are excellent fiction writers?
True! The Mac is ridiculously amazing thus far. Bangs looked great Friday, but now I can't get them to go/flip the right way! Arg!!
#AlejandroVideo good, the countdown is back too!
what in da hell is a thingy??? Speak English man lol
Happiness is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. – Helen Keller
Live. Music. Tonight. come get a spot on our patio and enjoy this amazing weather:)
valid point. We'll have to bring this up again tomorrow
Incredible #ThinkBlue “: Josh Hamilton ranks 4th in MLB in OBP ... just behind A.J. Ellis, of course. #dodgers #ajellisfacts”
Wow... I can't believe I'm almost at 400 followers... Thank you followers XO #love <3
My 5 year old just got a 78% on the drums on Rockband with Blue Oyster Cult's Don't Fear the Reaper
Its a lok night!
I went to Artistic Design. Across from walmart on the side? I know some people there and they're nice and clean and close lol
what about a Canyonero? RT : What about a Dodge Durango? RT : I'll take Rango over Rondo every day of the week.
I tried persimmons just a few years ago after moving to California. Now I love to eat them like apples!
As I work on something for tomorrow's date, I get a little freaked out by Leap Day.
You may have taken away my Facebook..But you can't take away My Freedom(or my Twitter!;)..
I'm saying
Just a reminder that Key Lime Pie Cupcakes are coming back March 6th for a limited time. I wonder how long Samie will keep making them!
#art politics Jesus Christ. Shows video of LRAD during G20 to disperse crowd. Sound disperses crowd. In shows music compels and attracts.
I think twitter has become my new addiction, Au revoir facebook
happy birthday bro!
That makes you a dumbass then right? RT "Stupid people are dangerous."
Its me and at the voracious tasting. Braised pork and pickled brussels! What?
Tune into this weeks wgtb board show This weeks theme
Thank you very much!
Every picture of Tyler Horton makes me smile because he's wearing the Be You Tiful bracelet :)
hahaha we about to go in on this. ugh hes so hot lol
Running to go grab Genny Cream Ale
everybody wanna be a follower now
enjoyed the perspective you brought to Leading Creative panel
Well, was fun for 7 1/3. Let's go for the shutout now.
Free screenings tonight: Act of Valor at Cinemark West Plano and Salmon Fishing in the Yemen at the Angelika Dallas.
you expect to win when you can't even properly tag me in a post!
yeah he's intense..he just acts ridiculous sometimes
congrats, that is awesome. It has been my dream to make an Alf-themed meme site before I die, now I can make it happen.
I'm bored wit fb
Rivet I mean Regher may have just ended the season.
In line at the BMV.
We knew broken bones couldn't bring the old man down. Turns out it was broken morals.
the Sounders FB page has some sweet photos.
i just say, "took you look enough to notice!"
There is no perfect way to analyze or compare players. However, I don't see how individual awards are useful for said tasks
RT : We can't get anymore excited for Thursday
i am not afraid.....i was born to do this
go magic!!
Why's Suze Orman all over my twitter feed? I def didn't sign up for such uplifting tips as "Be Prepared For the Death of Your Loved Ones"
Four new Google Analytics reports aggregate key data points to help you see the complete picture of how social marketing and media...
I ordered directly from my press. All books jumped $1 without warning.
Good morning hope all is well w/ every one I will go to the gym and work out or an hour in pool have put drops olive oil in ears protects em
Just dawned on me that I get to see two of my fav artists in Sacto within the next few weeks! and then ! #YUH!
Ooh, embroidered bolero jacket. In a dove grey, that would look so nice with her favorite top hat!
Glad you like it. It was written more of a rant than anything. I love people that push me, Don't be contrained to a box.
Glad ya dig it!
My Aunt Barbara just lost her dad. Praying for her and her family
but a great one.
We are booking some shows in NC for April/May
Why do people get obsessed with family history? Why not just history?
I'm traveling from District 12 to the Capitol in June.
Wow, thanks the kind words! You are SO awesome!! re: Holy cow Meg! just finished watching the vids on Vimeo. Just in awe...
Thank you kindly for the #FF love.
Going to tgi fridays to eat yummmmyummm, spending tomorrow with my loves <3 c:
Royal Caribbean. It was okay but will prob skip the mega ship next time. Where are y'all going?
#TheLuckyOne comes out tomorrow...and if you didn't know, is located right in front of the IMAX at
think I've seen more than just stamkos and toews with totalONE sticks!
Shawn Bradley. Case closed.
for sure. it's 35 degrees outside right now and it's blowing the AC instead of heat.
About to get off in a min get me a drink and relax and enjoy this nice weather the wkend is here thank u lord for getting thru this week
Did you know Arthur Ashe was the first black man to win a Wimbledon singles title, defeating Jimmy Connors in 1975?
The Viewfinders take Manhattan. Time to get to work.
[susan sontag] intense, present
um, you are sinning against "the Lord your God" with your playboy shoot, and the outfits you are wearing on your twitter page!
Thank you for being such a genius at the piano.
Thank you for the 801 followers! You are all beautiful to me.
Ellen is totally cheering my up right now though.. cuz is on and HE PLAYS BASKETBALL!!! Love of my life!!
Free books on the kindle to help cap off an eventful day - gotta attack tomorrow hard, big things on the horizon!
I won the lottery last night... Then I woke up.
Oct 8, 1993 - Toni Morrison becomes the first African American woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature
“Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.”
A typical #puppy litter has three to six
Really great bbq at Smoque with Steve and Rachel. Last dinner with them probably before their daughter arrives.
still sick D: a healthy dose of tennis tryouts should fix me right up though! #cantwait #obsessive #sick !!!
thank you : ) social media has the power!!!
Yay avengers today!!! :)
Nice to have you as a new contributor Followers of the blog look for Robin's first post on Friday (Matthew Metzger review)
So proud of our boys & their season #nextyear #watchout #hoosierlove <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
your very welcome!
Al Horford and Marvin Williams will start tonight for the Hawks in Game 5 against the Celtics.
April has been the BEST MONTH EVER....I got a followback from and !!!!
Shout out to my favorite Milwaukee attractions
Everything that you have or don't have is a direct result of the way that you think....
Woke up to a couple of messages that read "Thank You Prince Charming" I think I drank myself into a monarchy last night.
Yes, indeed. Google really has it in for us.
it would be hard not too
I wanna have a picnic by the water ASAP !
help with what?
Wouldn't it be great if we expected the same thing of our teaching staff that our teaching staff expects of the students?
my daddy wanna fly me to br &i drive him here to texas ..he lazy lol
Happy Birthday
texting me while you masturbate<
I was in the shower bumping that shit and was just getting my groove on. Forgot I was showering for a minute, lolol.
RT : New suggestions for you: and More at twitter.com/#!/who_to_foll…
Congrats to co-founder - recipient of the 2012 Israel Ambassador Award from the Israel Ministry of Tourism!
I know went to sleep lastnight....I literally Blew Her Shit up
don't stress yourself too much love,, you work really hard and you never fail to impress us! x
u Are strong cousin keep your head up good things come to those who wait be patient love u!!!
RT : Fat Tuesday, aka Nat'l Pancake Day! Celebrate with us...get breakfast for dinner & free short stack of (2) pancakes 6-10pm
#ff great aviation forum
hi this is tha rev. hogun of these here unmarked cars n i'm happy to know that we'z playin the norman music fest 4/24 at the redroom 8pm :)
I`ve always wanted to mattress surf down a long flight of stairs...
First one in the office on a Friday?
Thanks for checking us out!
ok. what is it about?
keep watching, its dominant
I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
I've tried some Japanese "Italian" places in Tokyo - noodles with pepper and seaweed - it was good!
Hey fans! Be sure to check out this Sunday @ 8PMCST to hear Tinky and Louie talk to the founder of
I made the audition cut for Passport 2 Discovery! And had to pass on the Barbizon cruise - $2K is a lot of money =(
TNT Orders Fifth Season of &quot;Southland,&quot; Scheduled to Begin in February 2013
looking forward to it deggo. What time shall I be arriving?
Ladies & Gentleman ... Bubba Watson!!
Omg omg me and my BFF was playing play fight and my iPhone was in my hand and Austin 11:11 make a wish came on for no reason omg <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Working on our business plan! Good thing the sun is shining!!!
Chimps yoga today at 3:30pm at the Miami Beach Treehouse! Yoga Flow at the same time for all the Adult Monkeys!
well for me it was because I already knew u liked them. But maybe it wasn't for everyone else
For God so Loved the World he gave his only begotten son. So whoever believeth in him shall have everlasting life. Merry Christmas!
Apple x2019;s Profit Doubled on Holiday Customers Snapping Up iPhones
To each his own. You're underestimating how good LoBrown is I believe. LoBrown, Wood, Purvis, Leslie, Howell is best SL in ACC
My favorite super hero is "Student-Loan Destroyer" he fights against the evil Sallie Mae.
not Much wbu beautiful ! X
it looked good so I tried one today for the first time, but I have no idea how they make it lol
Heading back into the usability lab. More product testing to do...
Studies show that the 3 things people who lose weight & keep it off have in common r 1. Workout 2. Weigh In regularly 3.Eat BREAKFAST!
Soon as Messi learns to take a foul in the box, and deliver a proper cross, he will be alright.
YES. I feel like the magic has been lost. This isn't good at all.
Game on!!
Somtimes I wish I was a rich bitch
as a diehard windows, android, and web apps user, mr. jobs singularly improved my computing experience over anyone else. he'll be missed.
ahahaha "words" is a broad category -- you can substitute "witty" in most cases. In others it's just "comedy".
Thanks to for a spectacular talk on writing action scenes with heart at today's EVA chapter meeting!
i hate when guys lie and you already know the truth
Follow and ill follow back!
Okay D2L...I can't see any of my classes anymore...you're freaking me out, I don't know my grades anymore....you win. Please change back! :(
Brilliant! That is one handsome dog.
I be tryin' WHAT'S GOOD THOUGH ?? Ain't heard from you in a min !
Does it matter if it is the weight loss or the eat right/exercise? Doesn't it makes sense to eat right/exercise either way?
LOL . :D are you a guy mahomie ?
! RT Do you have a ? for ’ ? Submit your ? between 11-2 & we might feature your ? on tonight.
Secret life tonight
nothin..blocking my son cuz he made a Twitter and tried to hoe check me , Smh
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend! Make sure to stop by the site to connect w/others! www.knowledgesafari.com
No luck on getting that vinyl stack priced today, guess I'm going digging this weekend after all :-)
So tempting...
Smh I did kinda peep tht
are covering Animaniacs and Sponge Bob theme songs at #ExtremeThing. It's a fun contrast to the metal and screaming.
You probably don't need Pro to run a single report. You can get a snapshot analysis of recent tweets for $20, no Pro needed.
The 3 Cs in Life: Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the CHOICE to to take the CHANCE, if you want anything in your life to CHANGE.
She's not even that pretty. I don't know why he likes her ? "Because she's a whore, duh"
morning, sunshine! Have a great day!
With rain like this, it's often difficult to detect water leaks. If you suspect a leak or are out of water, call us ASAP at 1-800-685-8660.
damn! They are making money!
or are we becoming infinitely smarter
Mother's can look through a child's eyes and see tomorrow.
Thanks for the +K in social media! I appreciate it! Hope you have a wonderful evening!
I'm gonna go find a job this weekend. :3
Have fun big guy!
let's bike over!!!
Hey!!! Good morning. How's your day going??? You're probably going to bed right?? LOL
thanks for the mention, :)
I would suggest my pal works there.
even the best fall down sometimes
How could anyone hate Taylor Swift?
if u want u can. If u wanna save $, don't worry. The point is generally copyrighting the concept, so if no major plot change, no.
We need to get this shit finished!!!
To be fair, I don’t think she’s complaining
my dog angie & i are bonding. But my soulmate and I are on different paths.
yes, the folks at the are always great hosts. And the food was awesome.
A new broom can sweep he floor but An old broom knows where the dirt is
I don't need anybody but me, but girl i want you
Not coming home.. gone wit Camero.
Same over here. 80's for a couple of days then cooling off back to the 60's.
If you have kleptomania, you should take something for it.
PAULA NO MEH. Although I might need Starbucks later. I'm a little sleepy.
mayor campaign looking for volunteers Fri, Sat to help prepare a mailer. Email to help
Only 30 more days til opening day!
Interested to see how Stanford defenses Griner..
S/O to for agreeing with my
Bout that time to get fly and catch up on Boardwalk Empire season 2.
Love it! Appreciate your support!
Beyond excited for the OSU/Toledo game Sept 16th! I hope OSU stomps Toledo. GO BUCKS!
Amen RT : Ok seriously, girls who upload solo shots of themselves pouting on facebook need to stop. I don't understand.
Take 1 Mucinex, 1 Benadryl and 2 aspirin every 4 hours. Was told about it last week... and it works!
- You should have been there. Was awesome.
#Trichomoniasis is caused by a #parasite. Most men's bodies get rid of it in 2 wks, but #women need treatment.
it was our "us" time i'll invite you next time don't worry
HAHA ... Beautiful. #BoilerUp. RT : Run out the clock Boilers!
Wicked meeting with Rocket Launch Productions on Saturday! Gonna be EPIC!
Hey! Just watched your Chopped episode, CAN'T believe you didn't take that thing, totally the wrong call. You were awesome. :)
Hiking at cowles mountain w/ E
Your silence is golden because the words you said before are tarnished with lies.
Don't be a blueprint. Be an original. - Roy Acuff
u so crazy
Heartburn is one of the most common symptoms of acid reflux, but not the only one.
I've decided whether you remember Mo Rocca was on The Daily Show is the true generational divide.
Thank you for the interview time and energy towards the show :)
you should be directing your tweets to our local representatives :)
Sorry for some but I must state that I love central air! I'm straight coolin, I'm coolin coolin, I'm coolin.....
Where did this rain come from?
Hmu if you want some kicks ..kick request now
thanks for sharing, Sima! We appreciate the recommendation
My nose on allergies<<<<<<
Whats good my dude... Still burning that late night oil! lol Haven't slept yet!
Sounds like you want to give Peace a chance.
Appears the #GOP can't give us jobs so they're using the old smokescreen tactic and giving us war on women instead.
“Wherever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.”
I would totally expect you to say that about 90 degrees! RT : AWESOME
hahaha dont sweat it, i wound up making a modified cheesy version of it lol
Does serve vodka? Either way, I'm excited to visit in May.
what did you to?
UGH!!!! We fucking falling apart & I don't like this shit!!!!!
Fuck this. #goodnight <U+E13C>
"So go out and party, like you're not broken-hearted Cause you're now one just mistake on my beat Your stuck on repeat, repeat, repeat"
What's your favorite Aaliyah song?
will you be in SVL the weekend of May 10th?
Every year, it seems like people complaining about the commercialization of the holidays starts earlier and earlier!
*shakes head* (ha!)
make sure you make it count!
ever try meditation to calm your mind down? I am thinking of giving it a try.
Congrats to for getting the go ahead on their new stadium. Will be great for SJ and !
Hey, not a problem. Yeah, I filed a bug report a long time ago but I guess it never made it to the final release. - Alan
you can really sing!!
So I Thought The ICONic Boys Were Going To Delete There Twitter !!! Smfh -.-
I'll be playing on Saturday, Jan. 28 starting at 9pm. Mark your calendars and join us!
Elections are now underway at #dccd2011!
19th Century Masterfile includes full coverage of the Congressional Globe, bringing coverage of indexes to Congressional sources to 1873
What's the best ambush marketing effort you have seen?
Worst migraine ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Tea has chemicals called alkylamine antigens which act similiarly to some tumor cells and bacteria, boosting immune system/fight infection
so sweet!
lol , I remember when we were discussing boob size during softball last year.
No problem!
Could someone PLEASE mow inner circle of grass next to walking/biking path @ Lake Montebello? Abt 3 wks past due, lots of trash.
Hump Day
My son thinks it's absolutely hilarious that there is an actual person named "Jack Black".
#YourBiggestProblem is that you have had everything handed to you and you never had to work hard a day in your life
RT : President Obama and the First Lady wish you a merry Christmas and happy holidays in this week's address:...
Matt Bonner's 3-pointer at the buzzer gave the Spurs a 52-50 halftime lead over the Jazz.
ugh. another papyrus request. how can such a crap typeface be so universally adored?!? it's NEITHER exotic, classy, elegant NOR oceanic.
thanks my dude
Like for a tbhh
Im So Late But Thank You:)!!!
Man don't call me that on Twitter eva again
Are they gonna replay it..
Wow high of 94 today in Nashville with 43% humidity, find something to do inside today.
bored nthng new just dying from boredness
Happy #FridayFunday! Excited for a big Australia day party tomorrow!
beep bop boop
Great first story!
I wanna go
Walked in and put on my pjs. That's enough for today.
im still pissed ..fuckn badgers...and.marquette....bad day for sconnie..well at least the weekend is here.
Xcode: I know I'm just a fancy text editor, but you don't need to do anything else, right? I'm going to slow everything to a crawl. Me: fuuu
Nah. It's just your eye trying to read faster than your brain! ;-)
All da bitches want to fuck now $$$$
haha hoard!! I will be feeling that all day tomorrow...
we appreciate the support.. we looking forward to it too. You like the album?
Looking fwd to the #Zurich presentation about best practices tomorrow at the #Construction Cafe at #IRMI Const #Risk conference -
I hate it when I text so fast, my phone can't keep up, but at the same time, I feel awesome.
It's tough to choose a healthy option when you're craving. Skinny fiber WILL HELP YOU STOP your cravings....
Was awoken but its a good thing because I was having the weirdest dream!
Steven hart is so annoying.
What a beautiful day in Buffalo.
if you want me out I'll come now but I gotta bring my nieces with me though
Look for our review of the #Avengers tomorrow and our review of the Walking Dead the game and Mortal Kombat for the PSVita.
Crazy here. Probably not time to see you. Call me?
just starte watching yesterday. That show is awesome!
Wait....really?
Had to polish them real quick but they should be good to go now.
shes got me singing.... "you remind me of a girl that i once knew ...see her face whenever i .. i look at you!!!"
Didn't it ask you to login? Is it the ballroom wifi?
Don't miss NHLI's Video w/ at Harvard
Black Diamond!! No question whatsoever
I know you're a #TarHeel and all but what you think about Sean Woods getting the job at your #almamater?
The third place finishers will (hopefully) be reading about themselves with tickets to the ! (um, , want a story?).
I had a fun time last night
geez, who doesn't like ice cream
How bout a strike yea buddy
7 Tables booked for Thursday at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale FREE Vip,Table, and Bottle only 3 left 602.348.1722 get yours now.
We will close early at 2pm today so everyone can get jazzed up for our staff Christmas party tonight. See you tomorrow!
Rack City BITCH !
Happy Birthday Emma Watson AND Jennifer Flawless Lawrence are trending. They should be best friends.
What I am wondering is how in the hell do the orioles almost have the best record on baseball! That's completely mind blowing to me...smh
asdfghjklfhhg why are swifties trending something in improper english
Challenge! Can I get from 54th & 8th to 33rd & 6th in 30 minutes w/o tourists getting in my way! Challenge accepted.
Lovely time last night at the Tempe Center for the Arts in Arizona. Beautiful venue, great band and wonderful reception from the audience.
Haha RT : That's my boo! *sigh* RT : Oh Maxwell. You got me in that kind of mood today
Really enjoy the assemblage of "The Colonels Cabinet" 1991-94 by Renee Stout. Great mix of found objects and lovely story.
will be doing the sticker thing 'til they're all gone, you have all day! lol :) want two? LET ME KNOW, i'll try.
already following :)
R.I.P - Donna Summer, 63, died this morning after a long battle with cancer... Heavens saved the last dance ;)
Very nice blog!
Where Do BuzzFeed's Animal Pics Come From? - The Atlantic
Thanks for the RT love! Going to be joining us for our light and breezy ride?
I need a responsive web company to help with my website. We do printing, mailing and want to sell other marketing related products online.
I bring my guns to work
successfully made it to 4pm before finding out who won the ballgame last night.
At least we know isn't going to win tonight y'all. I'm sure he knows a gal or two to comfort him, though.
11 stone I believe. That's about how much I weigh.
we should collab???
never was a fan of starbucks
Has anyone examined the link between nutcase political theory and UNCONTROLLABLE SPASTIC TWITCHING of the caps-lock finger?
Bryce Harper up now
That's what it's all about yo! RT : oh ppl helpin ppl :-)
fixes that though everytime
I have to go ! Bye Guys ! A ! & PLZ sent me some message ! I love to ansear your questions ! <3 :)
200 tweets on the iPad, only 1 on the State of the Union...you're my kind of people.
he is at home!
But like the globe, herald, etc, feel obligated to follow mainstream coverage because, for better or worse, still carry some weight
haha, it was in your shared CNN article. :)
just curious, what does 51/50 mean?
Although operational 365 days a year, SMi does not find value everyday and days will pass without any action.
more reason not to have them!
guy tried to make me feel like he was cutting me a deal, but I felt like he was robbing me
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
It's now up to the judges, both sides in redistricting case rest around 9:15 pm Friday night.
Thanks, hope to see you at the event. Some of the OA staff visited MSF last week...keep on making great shakes.
The day I was born, my sister was telling people that she was going to have a baby brother & they didn't believe her...
very true.
hey, good luck to you! That's cool!
Almost 12,500 people are tuned in to Lexington, Kentucky Police Freq.
Hey chica.. wanted to ask if everything went well?? Hit me up.
@ Therapy with my besties :-)
I love animals and I always will. I believe in freedom of choice and NO bullying! Harassment is NOT something I will turn my back to
as you can see no iPhone or android app :(
RT : "Politicians don't wanna scare you, they wanna keep you stupid. Fear is just the smell when ignorance takes a shit."
Can't wait for this weekend's FIRST Robotics Regional Competition. It's free to the public and you do not want to miss it.
Rise and shine
You want garlic bread with your dinner? No problem, we’ll even throw it in for free if your order is over $15!!
He didn't steal it, as it was his bike. Good for him!
it sounds dirty when you say it like that.
Seriously though grow up. There's no need to mind fuck anyone we're not in high school anymore just be straight up
but you like my babysitter
On some real shit, I aint fuckin with ANYTHING music related today!
So tired... I miss my babe. Come home! I love you! <3 <3
Beez in the trap <<<<
Shout out to my new followers! I will follow back! XOXO
Tv adds 100 pounds to some people. When they are running down the street with it. Thief. Lol
Dear Ladies, 15 Years From Now SWAG Isn't Gunna Pay The Bills "/
Judas,Poker Face,Marry The Night, Teeth,Bad Romance, and Dance in the Dark is the set list I abide by in the club.
Lakers, Clippers, and Kings. LA teams in the playoff. Ready for hockey.
Yeah ya did! LOL
Well, the 18,000 Phillies fans there too made the park look like a real, filled to capacity MLB Park.
I can't describe how jealous/impressed I am...I'm so far behind...
I lost my pencil so now I don't have one....someone should let me borrow a mechanical pencil since I always let people borrow some of mine.<U+E404>
Enjoying my favorite Black Friday morning activity: relaxing, sipping coffee, and not shopping.
definitely feel like I can wait to be virtually taxed on my virtual sales
Lucky you! That's awesome!
#Pacerswin #pacerswin Great W for the blue & gold!!
doing a walk-about at the #IndianWells tennis garden! having fun at the :)
LOL... babe i cant go to the clubs lol they wont let me in =( who who happy early bday!
The kid next to me always smells like he showers in cologne.
Joakim ... throw it down big man!!!
and of course we mean :) startups hooray!
Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran are writing a song, its going to be amazing!!
#SueSpaight Probably better just to drive a little faster...too often it's when you slow down that you spin out. Happy New Year!
I didn't watch all of it so I wasn't sure if it was a 4 or 2....I know I suck
All these goodbyes are breaking my heart. Can't we all just stay in Salamanca forever and ever?
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them
I had an average time at my high school prom and senior ball. Purely average.
that was random o.o
Life is like wearing heels. you don't start with the 6inch louis vuitton's. you take it 1 inch at a time..1 step at a time.
How much quality time did you invest today in activities which serve only to create mind-body balance?
Great workout tonight. Really happy with my timed 100's. Mission Viejo meet in a few short weeks...
Heading over to the this morning to welcome our clients to Indianapolis!
I'm hooked too.
Zombie Apocalypse Lesson No. 1: Kids are a burden and will move out from under the car during a swarm. Let them...
Um 50 Shades of Grey is old lady porn at least according to the old ladies in my office
thank You.
Follow Back?(:
Obama's Taylor Gourmet order: the Spruce Street
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shoutout from wisconsin (I LOVE YOU CODY i will CRY if you see this)
I feel like I work for Crazy Ernie's used car emporium
#np jenny was a friend of mine - the killers.
Best Christmas ever :D
your boy is having a great run...
Fuck facebook its like myspace
ATTN ALL: PARTY AT MEISHA NEW HOUSE ON ALEXANDER IN ROYAL OAK, MI TONIGHT. O_o
Hmm...this will require a portion of my javascript cunning. Wait, no! *All* of my javascript cunning.
Happy Friday from ECM!
Im tryna b tha blueprint that everything else is compared 2
fun :D
Follow my new page this page got hacked!
Prof. Reimer from asking abt finding (strengthening) connections btwn higher ed institutions and #jewishcamp staff
We're proud of her too! RT : proud embarrassing Dad alert :) "Lindsay Heinlein, partnership coordinator...
Denny's RT : Do I go to..... A.) White Castle B.) Taco Bell (No other choices are being accepted...PLEASE ADVISE)"
furthur on friday
Shouts out to my little bros its their 18th birthday!...I love u guys...woot woot!
It makes me sad when I see how many abused cashmere sweater are at the thrift store
just read your tweet about AFTRA...how's it been treating ya? ;)
going to lil cuz high school basketball game..lets go oshkosh north h.s....
looking for female bartenders can you spread the word !!:)
Thanks for following, All the best:)
I would totally get that, but it is really expensive, £70, but I love that record, and that is so cool, so I'm torn...
RNs, MDs and senior surgeons... I need a husband!
i take my japanese food seriously. if u ever come to SF, i'll take u to here. :)
Go follow my new account; This one will now be unactive. ~
1st photoshoot scheduled! Photographer and special guest models! This is gonna be a great shoot. . .
Finally! Some mysteries are best left unsolved...still, I like to think that your tweets brought attn to the issue.
RT lol -.- Aw I stole the birthday girls oreo shake :))) happy birthday <U+2665>
Sardine? Soggy fries!
Students with course obligations are exempt in Texas. You don't even have to show up. Can opt out online.
your Rays kicked my M's ass.
The tannins in tea can limit the amount of iron the body can absorb, so is great for individuals who suffer from high iron disorders.
This is a really moving story and subject, and it's an issue that needs to be addressed and fixed ASAP
Totally agree RT I'd like to put a big red bow on the coffin of the guy who came up with those Lexus ads.
I only eat the American bologna lunchables, and even then I only eat the cheese and candy. M&Ms and cheese?
Everybody deserves a second chance if you really love them..
They'll make you feel less pissy!
If you want to be somebody of you want to get somewhere you need to wake up and do something about it
Those asian ladies are really good doing nails and eyebrows
When you hear people speak in another language: 6% I wish I could speak that. 94% Those b**ches better not be talking about me...
I know what team your talking about what division??
its snowing here! That's exciting. you could learn from us.... This is what we call being #social :)
Back to writing...ad copy and press releases.
Using this laptop in the sun is like playing an original Game Boy Advance anywhere else.
mind in one place, heart in another
i thinm my favorite song is Call It What You Want or Warrant. But my favorite song by Mark Foster is Love. listen to that
Happy Easter Everybody
In related news, if you're looking for a good diet plan, I recommend watching The Walking Dead whenever you feel hunger pains.
Likewise my man! Cant wait to get things rollin!
followed, follow back
RT : Billy Connolly Has Officially Joined Peter Jackson’s ‘The Hobbit’.
momma went grocery shopping I come home where all of the food these two mfs with da munchies then ate it all
Letting go of negative people, thoughts & situations.
Maybe watching stuck-up pre-pubescent kids will make me feel better.
Charlie Sheen to coach Colts. Irsay wants a "Winning" team.
Thanks guys!
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
THAT is funny. I don't think he was watching, though... so he won't get it...
Flexibility to do right comes with the limited accountability and lack of direct payments that non profit recovery/relief orgs enjoy
I love this shit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
you've got to be kidding me.
In Class With My Buddy Alma Just Listening to Music Ughh :( its all Rainy #IfItWasntForTwitter I would be bored AF
Just spent the morning researching four lantern slides. One turned out to be an olive tree in the Garden of
I accidently sent it before it was done and just said fuck it haha
Thanks Jon. I'm actually up early. Going to meet Mom & Dad up in central Phoenix. Dad got to check in the his Doc.
When you make a new tweet, twitter should change "What's happening?" to "VAS HAPPENIN?!?!???!??!"
who! apparently their on back-order for the white refurbs (of course! ARGH!), but eventually i'll be in the club!
Send me a referral and get entered to win $100 in free product if she books a show with me!!
So I'm gonna kill ! You know he's gonna do it too! :P
oh mau, i FUCKING love you <U+E412><U+E106><U+E418><U+E022>
ok cool
Startups are better off using
since comparison was 2 others who committed same crimes, do authors explain what difference unique Psychopath brains make?
i love this and your brother so much
I keep finding small bugs that I want to squash before I go away for a few days. so, this is the 3rd minor release today: #digressit 2.1.4
You are awesome! Thank you for your information : )
Two days of feeling like crap. Defintely need to calm down.
Thank you for mentioning my presentation. Are you attending UPA in Vegas?
LOVED it! Thanks!
his answer: turns out that whole process is really productive! (the production of various forms of power, that is)
Love it.. Following ;)
Tiffany I love you! I love your role in Sonny with a Chance you are amazing.
#2omf always bring up #oomf every time i'm around them!
flawless musical
THE best ass in the business!
He's a career .280 hitter, I have no doubts about him turning it around some. You'll appreciate his defense. Was a fan favorite.
I really wish school would come faster!!!!! I want to go back...
Would anyone like to weigh in on this?
At this moment Im standing in front of a Grecian urn that is over 2500 years old. Profound.
lols i want to (:
They are. Thanks and hope the same for you!
you too(:
SAT Trick for QofD: What numbers and signs occur the most? The answr that uses all that repeats the most is correct! Try it on todays Q
Kaya, pens hockey, and fried chicken...great Thursday night.
that is hot. Hotter if the windows are tinted- drug dealer style.
We do complete remodels as well smaller jobs.
My man! Thanks! If you're ever up late, tune into from 10pm to midnight. Music + Sports = Great show!
Redefining Black Power in NYC. All female panel @ Brecht forum with and 7.30pm
If my Internet had a face, i'd be punching it right now.
thx for the Father's Day wish lady!!
I'll have to put on my hater blockers then.
Academia has strict rules about hiring, as do many public institutions. I distrust libs that hire from within/recommendation.
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 's Ian Anderson at on 9/18!
Watching football
I love how I don't have to work out but i have abs/ stomach muscles. Gotta flex em to feel them though xD
Haikeet #2: alone in the pumphouse/ night falls oh dear no flashlight/ hug trees hug trees, home
Food for thought: A study found people who consume probiotics were 40% less likely to catch at least one cold.
A big welcome to and , our PAC summer interns! Get ready for an intense (but super fun) few months!
you did great man.. your gist is unique.. and that nobody can take away from you
"It looks like we're having friggin intercourse" "GET OFF ME YOU WHORE." i can't...
Thanks for the follow!!
It's better here on the beach! Cool breeze soft sand
Whoever renders service to many puts himself/herself in line for greatness.
lol. Boy they doing her in. I think she ran off Twitter 14 hours ago because of the heat.
..thanks so much for following us :) Happy Wednesday!
Only a few more hours till hot yoga- we are pumped. Especially since it is so nice out. Who else is looking forward to some yoga?
Such a great day at the World Vision artist's conference! I'll be posting pics soon, but I have to sleep - they get us up early. :)
photogrphed a wdng this wknd & saw an 8yrold w/ an iphone! Wonderd the same thing. Privacy & does he really need that?
hello, thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!!
Its hard to be clever when on pain meds
Thanks friends!
RT : RT : Scan, sort, and report - that's what The Neat Company does for its clients.
And we're off to the Dells
How so?
Convo tonight: poutine, Jeopardy!, marmite, Bill Gates, & planetariums. That's just how the Linda Erdos dinner table rolls.
Awesome and inventive art!
Oh man, now that is a craving.
Website under construction. Moving the hosting to 100% wind-powered FatCow! Keep reading current issue in progress at
Austin loves his hats
I think Holder wants voter fraud - don't you?
i woke up this morning hoping that everything bad that happened was a dream .. :/
Smartest thing ever said re: #Groovy: "if someone had shown me [Odersky's #Scala book] back in 2003 I'd probably have never created Groovy."
definition of teenager : (n) -perfect, amazing, beautiful, just plain awesome pain and happiness at the same time **
All my side bars are now under my post and the bottom attribution bar is where my side bar is. HELP!
Damn... my set starts at the same time as the knicks game
Traveling home 4rm gville. Great win pat!
well thanks babe ;)
If a tree falls on a bear shitting in the woods does the pope feel the effect of a butterfly's wings across the globe...
Will you wish my friend a happy birthday? :)
Gotta get some songs done for open mic nights
I have 2 more spots in South Jersey. Looking for C#, #ASP.Net Developer with #Oracle. Did I mention they were permanent? As …http://
Thank you. Emailed you on Sat. night.
Proud Of Justin<U+2764>
thanks for talking on the phone with me for a solid hour n a half :)
Turkey time!
Can't wait for the weekend to start #TGIF HAPPY NEW YEAR to all!
what you mean??
Lol he caught me
I still love you :)
I was about to comment at how good I'm running in the 2/3 nlhe game at O11, but then I ran AK into K4 aipf and got stacked.
Reminded me of the old Braveland Conf. ... where Falls North will always crush Falls East. :)
you stole mine! Lol I hate when this happens!
: otay if you could be available sooner thad rock cuz I have rehearsal at 6 :(
THE LAST EMAIL WE GAVE YOU DIDNT WORK WE ARE SORRY THE CORRECT PRESALES ORDERING EMAIL IS HONCHOBROS>COM
I'm 60 and my mother still tells me what to do. I'm a very lucky man.
420 Yummies is back from the CHAMPS convention in Las Vegas!!! Pictures and video coming soon!!!
They might not buy on reading your first blog review; but most read more than 1 blog, and multiple reviews can sway
Like a boss
Metadata granularity and normalization
If you don't believe in GOD unfollow me!!!!!! I stand up for what I believe in, you do you and imma do me
My mom & step dad are hilarious. Never a dull moment with those two.
Erin: daddy, those people are speaking Spanish. What are they from Mexicoland or something?
Could I love Peggy more? I mean, maybe if she were Don. And Don were real.
aww same here love! Can't wait
You're welcome, Linda.
Beckett doesn't even know what he's trying to say.
I look like a chubby Captain America. Gonna see if some chicks are into that.
Can you imagine if the three of us ever met...based on this alone I think the Internet would explode!
Help us get rid of the electoral college. PLEASE Krystal! Make every vote count! More people will vote! This is SO silly! :)
everywhere ii go somebody tryin to be my boyfriend
Ten years from today, in Wisconsin, we will be celebrating "Mason Crosby Day" (2/22/22). cc:
When a player declares for the NBA draft and my first thought upon hearing his name is "Who?", that's not a good sign.
The story's first sentence is journalistic GOLD. Hilarious.
Hello! Hope your day is excellent.
SUPPORT MY KOUSIN J BOY FRESH 2 MORROW @ KLUB D'MIXX PARTY IS GONNA B POPPIN
haven't even left yet. Was supposed to be there 1 July, buy got pushed back a month
Love the Pre quote
follow me
I've been doing this for 20yrs as an adult - you're right, time to move our youth this direction.
you're welcome, and no, i haven't heard of , but i will definitely check them out! :)
it always snows in Amarillo before Halloween
Ah Dang...haHaa good night
Haha! RT : Sometimes I can't help but feel that the human mind and the human brain have not kept up with one another.
About three hours from now!
Im only an asshole if your an ass to me first
Hey I'm glad you like the hair :-). It's takes a lot of guts to get a spike that high! haha
When guys sing to their girlfriends!
"We debated the choice, we reflected. To have a bigger group than we'll take to the Euros, at this time, isn't a bad thing. [Yoann], even if
don't tweet at school
! stock M16A1 Airsoft Spring Rifle Gun
Work in the morning & then off to Vanity. Who!
Watching a guy with a Bluetooth headset on loudly try out a guitar at Best Buy. I love America.
My dad just walked in on me making lunch, looked at my food and asked if I was feeding the birds. "No, I'm feeding myself."
Oh good, game night food consists of cheese, crackers, chips, pizza, chocolate cake, and queso. I was worried tonight might be unhealthy.
Working on a new Awesome song #jazzlives! (:
Takes forever to upload videos, gyess why people don't upload it that much...too much time, workn and effort
now wanna?
Do you back up all your writing? Specifically for the now-defunct NyPress and Nomad Wide Screen?
Steak and fingerling potatoes w/ green beans for dinner! A sweet meal spent with hot girl!!
congrats on the upcoming 5 year!
Doc on Rajon Rondo: "I thought he was searching for what to do early on. Then I thought Rondo's shooting down the stretch was fantastic."
Congrats on EVERYTHING ! Big fan here !!
"Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase. Just take the first step." ~Martin Luther King Jr.
Robin's will be closed next Monday, September 5th, for Labor Day. She will reopen on Tuesday - have a great, long weekend!
Hey...hey, ask for Mike Wallace money!
Best singer
This Saturday >>> I know its gonna be great.
pick up The Caliph's House! It's a must read!!
You can't just stop wanting, you just ignore it. Which is equally as bad for me. :/
Thanks My dread about upgrading is now informed dread.
Brush Up on Your French with Violette tomorrow night at 6pm! Registration Required!
Day 2 in Oxford: have not seen a vegetable in 48 hours & loving it.
have some wings for me!
your quote: Its "syncing (me) in more places w ease" & Innovation can often solve problems the user doesn't know they have.
agreed that it's at least several months out. Only trying to make the point that negotiations likely to be contentious
Hate high school reunions everywhere I go in this town... I hate having to be friendly when I'm not in the mood.
you he dark skin, his friend light skin, put us together & it's ice cream !
We'll be ready! RT : trying to get some people here today to get together to order!
COLUMBUS!!!!!!! Driving by the #Horseshoe, even if it is a small detour.
Ready for the JASON ALDENE concert!!!!
Great sessions at #TaleoWorld! Where can we get handouts?
The Alexandria Quartet by Lawrence Durrell
Thanks Melanie! We had such fun Monday! :) RT : Nice shout out to for overseeing such a successful event
Finals and all?! RT : and with that, my undergraduate career is finished. #graduation, here we come!
Southern Ivy sale for foxfeld races I expect to see our minutemen there!!
Law of attraction, perhaps?
no you don't. Unless they can make you some money. I used to say the same thing until I noticed friends are usually distractions.
Oh, Awful day!!!! Steve Jobs dies.
Watching the Giants play football = paint drying
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Waitin on my bby too call back
I <3 my little girl
4 more followers? love you! xx if u dont want to its fine lol
hope u get well soon!
Hello Twitter! Follow us and like us on www.fanmailshop.com Thanks & Happy Tweeting!!!
changed my username to
Damn twitter wnt let me log on :P
Didn't know Williamsburg had true locals until I found religion, well the Catholic religion. seriously though.
This ihop gonna be so good!
I didn't get the memo...is #JamalBryant the new spokesman of #BlackAmerica?
me too, guess what though...my color is fading! Can u believe it!?
Church bells are ringing...
I believe in my nation. Good will prevail.
I Was Going To Give You A Nasty Look But I See You Already Have One .
you got it!
Nicely done ! "We sold 42 cards in two hours and raised $1450 the first day. "
Clouds should dissolve some through the afternoon. High of 69. Chance of showers Monday and Tuesday.
Amen to that! Those little monsters can pack a punch!
Nothing but bowl games
Lymphatic Facials The natural alternative to surgical facelifts! This session will fine tune your lymph and slenderize the face and neck.
tuition too high? we want to hear your thoughts. send in a video.
What software do you use to back up the data on your computer? Have you used carbonite?
Just threw up a lil in my mouth
technically the National Mall is a national park - but what you are looking for may be Shenandoah National Park
#OccupyEHR like that hashtag, find out and let #AHA2012 that patients are all of us we want our data.
Great opening session with 's Dir. of Marketing at
you are not excused
RT you make no sense.
Their loss indeed!
what class are u teaching?
Have a nice weekend Twitter friends!
Truly obnoxious woman sat at table cursing every other word dropping F’bmbs Had to tell her to shut up. Had to call floor to get her to stop
but it was cool! anyways i know twitter isn't the place to catch up but how are you?? where staying strong with UP?
#canibehonestwithyou I always wanted to be in an action movie.
this person is or why she's doing it. The stuff she posts is absolutely foul. I'm not taking
Thanks for the RT of our #rhubarb #recipe. Enjoy!
working late tonight.. two huge presentations to give this weekend! thankful for the opportunities
RT : Events - The Black Holes of Fundraising. agreed 110%
The first condoms in the U.S. were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Today is a good day. A very good day.
No sex bitch, I only want the neck bitch.
Damn she gotta fat azz.... lol
Happy Birthday Love You Girly !!!
< thanks for the follow!
I'm talking about public enemies
Cowboys making moves. LOVE IT!
next time :-)
Love rachels bag can't wait to get mine!^.^
No one has a right to bully! Ever! Love only…...
A man should never text a man k nohomo
Finally here lol
tell me
Hello best friend :)
Blockheads 954 2nd ave = strongest blockheads i have been to...
Carmichael daves--gay bar or steakhouse? Just gay!
Ewww, both of my sons are in the stinky feet phase of life now! Windows down in the car please!
You might not be on FB but I got you on here.
Only you can make a difference.
Rice&beans, pbj, chips &salsa, chips & queso, lucky charms, vanilla coke and Cognac combine and create bubble guts
Will someone provide information on why in the world #aerotropolis is a good idea? It seems like sprawl's illegitimate child
might not be single for long
Stay with us and park your car for FREE when you take a cruise out of San Diego. We will even drop you off at the cruise ship terminal!
RT : We love place-based foundations. Tight relationships w/ one's communities makes for good grantmaking.
I can't decide which project to work on today (besides laundry, and chores of course!) jewelry, paper or fabric....?
Will more make a difference? | “: Public comment period is wrapping up, pretty early for a meeting to close 24 public schools.”
none...on the money. Copy pasted from a good source!
Someone forgot to take the hanger out of Ron Paul's jacket. Or is it a Magic Floating Jacket?
My hair is so dead :c
I miss my Hickman friends
is 1 of the dopest writers out, i'm watching these vids on him, ima have to get my manager or my boi C4 to send him some stuff!
President Obama hopes to bring high-speed wireless Internet to all rural areas in the next five years (via )...
so....my 17-yr old daughter just signed up for HS golf team. She's never played. Any advice?
Stoked I walked by tennis great Roger Federer on my walk this morning.
Just saw hundreds of bats pouring out from under a bridge on I35. It looked wild!
When is the trip?
Happy Women's Equality Day! Celebrating with today!
Ooh no... Ohio State is a good guess... It's the University of Miami!
MY TICKETS TO SEE THE WANTED JUST CAME IN OMGOMGOMGDDHJKOMGIIGDO.
Awesome speakers @ #wfx hot classes, Walter Silverburg Video Director for TD Jakes, recording engineer for Israel Houghton!
i love the crap out of you too. <3
when you're ready to celebrate the greatness of the human spirit in style, come find me.
see you in a couple of weeks Nicole. im coming over for dinner
There are 2 rules for success: 1. Never reveal everything you know.
Watching laugh at my pain again
can I have,some lol
You make me feel like I'm living a dream.." <3
I want super fries
LOL! I remember that feeling quite well!
Our bill has been $30.17 at two different places today... Just saying haha
You can make fun of me all you want for watching the Bachelorette. I've watched one season of the Bachelor so this is for equal rights :)
is it that obvious? It is me. Mason today has been awesome lots of fun tweeting for a great cause
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Starting a sign audit at work. We have 26 signs on the 3rd floor alone. Oh wait, 27. I just saw another when I glanced up...
Let's talk! Email me
Full disclosure: and are on duty for the #FutureofPD live streaming!
it usually be the ones closest to u that hurt you the most
Awesome idea!
Did you visit Vermont?
is by far one of the most beautiful girls on my TL. and her sleeve is #TOUGH !
Do you recommend? (by comparison, I loved Game of Throne if that helps give you a sense of fiction tastes)
thank you..
The person that said NO
Do you #blog? Have a loyal following? Live in the Columbus, OH area? Then we want to hear from you! Reply to this tweet for info!
I'd spend the whole week plotting how to scandalize everyone and I would get no writing done. I saw one in Italy...
I think is starting to rub off on though...they're not so separate anymore as you might think ;)
bo! That stinks!
sadly, no. Still trying to finish the Power Broker
Wearable Computing: It won't be long before we will be wearing all our media interfaces with us all all times.
“: Also, where are my dope Graphic Designers at?” hit this man up if you are actually DOPE
Radiohead to tour in 2012! Finally!!
oh my god, you did amazing. my emotions right now, omg. seriously we are so proud of you<3
Making people happy> Me being happy.
"Distance doesnt ruin a relationship..... Doubts do..."... LOVE this quote! =)
If J.R Smith's slam isn't on #SCTop10 tonight...
Thanks for the RT of my #cnftweet !
we enjoyed having you, let's make this the first of many Madison shows to come!
I'm bout 2 read my bible & pray b4 I go 2 sleep, I just got off I'm really sleepy but got 2 give god some time 1st
The Fact that baseball us still going on makes today not as bad... itll really hit me when the season ends
: If you don't like me, there's nothing I can do.Newsflash. I don't live to please you(:
Yes he does RT : For every setback, God has a major comeback."
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show at Grace College. You guys are great, thank you!
#TT Thanks for the follows!
I need some new vans!
We may be we'll on our way to finding our bread ninja! Standby as we make our announcement next week.
haha! I need comic relief any way I can get it! ; )
Each moment is a place you've never been. - Mark Strand
My stomach #literally just growled when I saw those! We're doing it!!!!
Hey sorry for late response, but thanks for the love you two!
Don't resist a new approach. Explore it. People timidly hold back because they fear there is nothing better than their present method.
Thinking that Beta Interferon is just the coolest cancer treatment evah. Planning to name my next musical ensemble after it. :-}
21 jumpstreet is supposed to be good
If Mike Woodson is wondering what went wrong: 15 turnovers turn into 17 Heat pts...protect the ball lads & get it to Melo please!
I still have the same excitement for concerts as I did for my first one
Can't stop thinking about it.. ugh!!
This will be the longest week.
Jammed on power point, amstel light, and good vibes at first day of
RT : Its National ALS Awareness Month. Help spread the word about this awful disease. I will send a signed guitar to one lucky...
We will be at NAIOP's iCON New Jersey event in June. Hope to see you there!
Come on Skinny Love what happened here
THE PARTY IS GOING TO KILL TONIGHT AT KISS N FLY NYC. WITH CELEB GUEST DJ MR. QUEST LOVE IN THE HOUSE! come by:)
Thinking about speaking at Center For NonProfit Success, again. This time to talk shop on driving traffic to your site (on a tiny budget)
I will have a 5 dollar shake!
“: I think you have the wrong number”oops I thought this was Brain Barton
I wish the words weren't cut out in 8 mile right now.
Speak when spoken too!
skip bayless is trending but half of the tweets are just spambots...because skip just spews spam when he talks
Just finalized some pieces with These guys are amazing!!
I will get the solution... I'm sured and a wish it!!
- that's a good look.
#rahmchicago student sings prelude to new Mayor. #artsed on Chicago's main stage.
leeds fest better hurry up
I NEED to see The Civil Wars live, or else I may die.
that's ok -- I dated a guy that lived in Waukesha and it was nice to get away from the hustle/bustle of downtown sometimes!
. Would love to speak with you. What is your email? We can meet in my Second Life office
Being a good crunchy granola: Made breakfast from leftovers before walking to #EarthDay in
The humidity outside is redonk
The new SimCity game looks like it'll be very, very dangerous for you then :)
#10ThingsIFindAttractive When girls don't care about looks.
Wanna review Illegal on Amazon? I'll love you a whole bunches.
where can i get one??
-no I'm not. Read my TL. Got milk yesterday. Cost me $88.75.
that's good!
One of the hardest questions facing Americans today. And I don't know the answer. RT Mint Julip or Margarita?
we need to do a track homie! OKCs FINEST! Holla atcha boy K Mac!
are you singing at Rafertys this weekend or something!?
You are burning the proverbial candle at both ends LOL watch out, take care of your sweet wild sef
Sometimes your music,your songs and your voice are the only light that a person has to leave his own darkness.
What the teacher says: You may now begin the test. What I hear: May the odds be forever in your favor
going to disneyland with my parents
Last night’s episode brought us into hour 4.5 of the “Sophia Watch.” In the history of drawn-out subplots, this one’s slowly maki
somewhere Brendan Haywood is laughing. #proofofpunchesthrown?
hella hot movie
I did not know that. I hope that you feel better.
Do you know how cute you are??? ;)<3
The Burger Family & the bbq are at your disposal should you venture North.
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let Remodel America help you have the best looking house on the block.
i aint even tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Do Truth and Kofi get to use the Freebird rule to defend the belts with Lil Jimmy?
That's a neck.
Do people actually like the commercials? Man that pig bugs me
it's still raining here in so-cal :(
The First Time Club performs tomorrow at New College, 6pm in the black box theatre. The SOURCE does New College, so excited!
how thoughtful :) alright hit us up after you done !
100 jobs in a week at the Time?
food. espn. sleep. inventory. THEN A FUCKING DAY OFF.
I need to look for well of souls pieces one of these day. I bought about 60% of one on ebay years ago.
That track is being used for an album already.
#10thingsifindattractive : "facial hair, good sense of humor, intelligence, accents, brown eyes,nice smiles,Johnny depp, etc..
Ok, likely during the 3 pm hour.
Eff you Windows 7 installer. You and your damn errors.
Congrats to the Class of 2012 congrads at SU today!
I love that instagrammed a coors+Twinkie picture so much
#its2010whyyoustill wearin STONE-WASHED jeans?!! Hello!
Anderson, who had left elbow surgery, is now throwing off the mound.
Hello future competition... 's all-state academic team
My humor is starting to bore me. (Snapz fingers). U, yes u entertain me
let's FSU then sir
happy birthday
Have Lawson been playing well this entire season? Wow!
I think you just saved me from downloading that mixtape. I'm not with the slow shit lol
"The New York Times published the guest list on the front page. The masks were a brilliant concept."
Hate this stuck up MFer in this movie
The amount of alcohol bottles for this New Years party is insane.
where did you come from ?
Will do. I know you guys have great tutorials/instructions on the site, but are there any additional resources you'd recommend?
yep well i will text you when ever i get more mins on my phone which idk when that will be
“Dreams are the touchstones of our character.” - Henry David Thoreau
Haha....my bad
Show me a person who doesn't walk on the escalator and I'll show you a person who will transition poorly into the zombie apocalypse.
Are you back from Italy? I'm sitting here thinking Nathan probably proposed at the Trevi fountain...
Our will be featured at the #MTVMovieAwards celebration this weekend!
just deleted all the tweets I sent to a Tyler Dorsey poser. SMH you should get verified! Haha
omg thank u so much I love u and always will :)
Who wants to play with us tonight?! RT : One middle Slot avail tonight Email ASAP
We're having our weekly hula show on Saturday at 1 p.m. with Halau Hula O Keola Ali'iokekai.
kids a tool bag. He's dirty but a tool
alright cool, i check it out. that's it ?
Apple Brandy, Ginger, Lime, All Spice Dram, Bitters, Club Soda. #thirstyyet?
I've been recruited to my own film to do a few of the FX shots.
Just got around to watching Red State on Netflix. Thanks for that! Really can't wait for Hit Somebody!!
Call me crazy, but this attack on Obama because he's "cool" thing just smacks of racism. He's fucking Urkel for Christ sake.
is beautiful and you should go follow her.
ron paul taking a beating, newt, santorum strong, romney splintering, perry big hunter
Do u remember me???? Lol I was jw cuz ya. I'm bored. Hi
skee ball team might need 2 stop winning so i feel the need to control myself better on tuesdays. maybe then i'll keep my mouth to myself.
What the hell are the 'ICONiac games' ? Do yall just choose a district and dm the boyz?
id LOVE a girls day out! Shopping, shopping and more shopping! Hello! Lol obtw...where do u call home?
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 150+ N...
I don't know where my inner voice is coming from, but I choose to follow it everyday.
go away - not in mood
fact 14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis...
After Vietnam, Pro-war cons who didn't enlist were #ChickenHawks. Today's anti-deficit cons who won't specify cuts are
Garage sale today 8am-4pm (: come check it out!
"The harder you work, the luckier you get." --Gary Player #True :)
Whenever the news mentions something about congressional recess I always picture a bunch of suits playing freeze tag
well said
I can do that, but the only code in the post is the iframe code straight from Docs publish feature.
There are some characters at the dps lol
Enjoying the break but can't wait to kick off the new ICA season. Will keep you posted on the new schedule. Thanks for all your support!!!
The tricky thing is yesterday we were just children; playing soldiers just pretending.
surprisingly it is the shitty fucking weather. 105 degrees and 19% humidity! Who can live in this? I want out!
Fist bump for lazy Friday nights! :)
DUDE SO DOES MINE!
damn you Texas and your bi-polar weather.
love rumors.
georgia tech definitely not hitting free throws like last game
I could do without the humidity today but I love open windows.
Congrats to on her acceptance to Cortland!! :)
So what's with petrol stations charging less per gallon for cash payments vs credit/debit now? I think they're ripping us off, again!
We're playing next friday at Gallery, Lost On LeMans at Gallery13. Do it.
H. Rodriguez absolutely sucks. Please release him.
Derrick Rose can't hit free throws to save his life!!
what omg I get out may 30
RT !!! “: If its bout a bitch just kno i dont respect it”
We want to hear your best #developmentvalentines. Give it a shot!
Dude... Retirement. She has so much time on her hands these days. She just wants to talk and talk and talk.
's new CD is coming out tomorrow. Who is looking forward to it? We sure are!
Thank you! And thanks for your past work on it- did you see your name on the site?
RT : RT : I love gay people. Or as I sometimes call them, "people."-love this. Esp. From a Packer
RT Today: The official launch of They have a great deal on 2 rounds , a course in Indy.
my brother told me get on here and post that
sleeping. Haha you?
Storify is either getting REALLY popular in last two weeks, or they don't have the bandwidth to back up site/ipad traffic....
#WhatIMissMost nap time during preschool years
Accept lol RT Just get the god damn deal done & accept it ( Cant except that deal)
Love the twitter activity Donk, keep it up.
i like how NEVER talks to me no more....:/
alright it's working out so far I'll keep my mouth shut
Fenty was young too. But also stared at the ANC, and built a positive reputation. Like Tim Day has.
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't sit still . I have to be moving Somehow. It drives everyone crazy . c: *shrugs
"A friend is a gift you give yourself." - No, that's masturbation, bro.
it's kind of cute that someone once tried to install a cord-hiding cover on the wall. clearly that effort has been foiled.
Keizer city officials plan to fine man who hoisted sign on top of his roof, telling his neighbor to (blank) himself for calling cops on him
.. Just lost my appetite .. Smh
Im done with this day. Can't it be Wednesday?!
#WayneShorter leading an all star international rendition of "India", just breathtaking
hey I love you and your hair
Flu shot! I hate shots!
that's.
follow me plz
Not since #sls11! #sls12 is going to be an awesome conference
Love your mission! I entered the Guitar Center Songwriter contest hoping to able to win recording time. Can't wait to learn
can't wait to hear all about it!
Great! Just got back from ATL! I'll make sure I tell them.
So glad that my teacher was preggers so the class ended early. 1 final down, 3 to go
Love getting all the updates from y'all!! Keep the pics coming!
I know it just makes me want to dance!!!!!:)
"WOULD YOU LOOK AT THIS?"
Been a good little break in Gulf Shores and spending time with fam I ain't seen in a while, but back to work in the ville!
I will be in NYC tomorrow. What excitement have you planned for me!
Sue-Bob with the titties!
Shhh, I'm in disguise
Send me that link! I may speak in tongues right now!
A classic is a book which people praise and don<U+7A1A> read
I just wanna ride, ride through the city in a Cutlass. Find a big butt bitch, somewhere get my nuts kissed.
I need more followers ASAP,# follow4follow??
Visiting facebook has become a necessary evil. Like going to the dentist, but more often.
piling up too much in my mind
When the orioles play the red sox they better play just as good.
Rare trip to the Prairie Diner. The absolute best way to start a day.
an early #ff for because she promises to tweet more!
Ecuador&#39;s Unique Plan to Forego Oil Extraction to Save Critical ...
thx for sharing!
awesome! you got it
What could possibly go wrong?
Still in a bit of a rough spot with a host of things, but digging my way out gradually. And that's the Heather report for this wk.
You must come and visit next time ur in town. I'm a papa now!!!
But a speeding ticket lawyer will know his way around a bargain and he will know how to handle any particular situation
. at : We're "living in the world America made. It is freer and more prosperous than it has ever been." (1of2)
Ty! I'm still around and let's go on r girl's day out!!:-) <3
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 35
Jim signed my thesis approval page...SHIT JUST GOT REAL.
Holy crap! New Dill Triscuits are amazing!
hey according to you we go back to the Ottoman Empire right - oh thats right the Turks took over land-maybe we go back to
No, YOU ARE!! I'm wicked reta'ded. Just heard an interview with and can't stop thinking about her on SNL!
seriously! one of the only cures for a hangover.. and I thought it was just me :)
glad to bring you back to print! (even briefly) There will be an e-Radio Iris available, but not for a couple weeks
Nigga's started dancing soon as he walked up.
Indeed! Delicious things to be done and awesome things to be eaten. We miss you too! #!!!!!
I'm happy for you. When caught early its 100% curable
Changes channel next..
12 and from NY
Tracks for days
I believe march 12th starts my break
#Bucks GM john hammond says the team will try to add size.
Want to give something other than an Easter lily for Sunday? We've got a huge selection of blooming plants, including gorgeous Fuscia!
Tension filled the room and filled/exposed surfaces with hollow objects: they piled higher/than your synthetic heart.
Lightning and thunder 4x, very nice and not very Bay. This storm must be a migrant, doing the job local storms don't like to do.
~.~ gonna make this week better then last week watch watch \(^.^)z
I know, first time ever from that post...
My tweep friends are my life line. Thanks for your words. They speak directly to my heart
Demand Freedom of the Press. Demand Freedom of Speech. .. Be an American
We. Both. Are. Then. <3
I get the impression that I was older #inthe90s than most people tweeting
is at 7450 Pittsford Palmyra tonight til 7pm. Stop in for a chance to win tickets at !!
amazing race finale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lol sucks for you
Wouldn't have mattered - Bakken made me put my umbrella down for an interview. I'm soaked!!!
True love duh...
": Zack Morris is still my hero."..coolest white boy ever won't nothing he couldn't do.
If this Chinese guy pants get any higher he will be able to floss with his belt
What up doe
as if to catalog the cast of drinks that resulted in drunken coonery and foolishness
no need a new goalie. Crawford sucks.
IF YOUR A PROMOTER PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND LET ME KNOW YOUR A PROMOTER AND ILL FOLLOW BACK DOE
ALL MANE I JUST GOT DUMPED BY SOMEONE I NEVER WENT WITH LOL
Me too!! Also the comics! Very cool stuff! 2 of my tatoos come from Firefly and Supernatural.
lol I never saw you doh
Please Follow Mee!!(: I just bought your perfume today and I'm in love with itt!!<3
People just don't freaking know....
Excited to start my internship later this month with the advertising agency , it's going to be a great summer
dear isn't a #bedroom defined as a room with a built-in closet? why is Town Meeting reinventing the wheel?
#ThingsIGetAlot "Your hair is so pretty" "I want you hair"
Here is a promo code for the iphone version of Slice SD, if you get it, please retweet that you did. TXL9P7HTF3FR
Lets goo big blue....
At Doha airport on shuttle bus to #TEDxSummit hotel with #TEDx folks from all over the world! Sitting with from
nothing much. I stayed in the whole weekend but it was a good thing.
The only thing i really want for my birthday is to meet and or have them follow me! :)
Feeling like straight up shit <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
RT : 63rd major championship for Verplank, but has shot in 60s in first 36 holes just 2x. Other time? 2001 PGA, at Atlanta AC
Its always a + when you know he loves you for more than sex!!!
stream it on Internet. Firstrowsports
"IT COULD TEACH US EVERYTHING"
alright thanks!!(: any preference?? And let's talk sometime!
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
finally figured this shit out
Merry Christmas Twitter World!
Tim Allen interview went well. Toy Story 4 likely happening. Watch "Last Man Standing" season finale tonight on ABC.
does not wanna go to school tomorrow, yuck,
Already one girl dressed like a slut for graduation. Her parents will be proud.
Wow. That's a reaction …
As I fade away, you reach out your hand and please don't let me go.
Sometimes, the best thing to do is just start writing down your myriad concerns about the project, to gain clarity outside of your noggin!
None of the Thai delivery men in my phone want to come over. Rude.
Sarah Jessica Parker just e-mailed me. I didn't know horses could send e-mails.
Yaaassss RT : Second season watch party at my HOUSE! Invitation only... Thanks
Thanks! I like the robocop myself
krispy kreme and my cup of sumatra is a good mix
RT : Lakers fans seriously shut the f#$% up, y'all JUST GOT BLASTED by the Portland Trailblazers. <<
First time at #halfpricebooks today... Now I'll have six more bookmarked coasters laying around the house. And if I had tv, I'd root for
and don't forget about the chimpanzee or the gorilla
Thank you for the Dane Cook.
Pointed Spat Over World Trade Spire One World Trade Center's owners are sparring with their architects over what goes on top —a dispute t
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse!
Financial skills are a commodity. Operational skills are precious.
Watching Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer :D
Follow my main man: for sports tweets!
a lot
thanks... So am I! Proud member of as well as :-)
we should discuss the unofficial launch party for we have a spot in mind.…
Merry Christmas, Quadraceps! Can't not notice you after OHS and Wall Balls!
Guess how much T-Pot weighs??? Place your guesses here:))
I am following you homie
I got a big laugh tonight by reading a stupid post on the Saturday night show message board
Happy fathers day 2 the men that R actually takin care of their child/children!
Chips and salsa are fine for breakfast. In Mexico they're like Wheaties.
Herman lay out D leads to a big huck to Rainwater. Two passes later retake six-goal lead. 21-15, late third qtr.
Remember the old school thing someone grabbed your arm & twisted it in different directions making it red! What was it called? re Pete Burns
#followfriday A fabulous little bar just around the corner from our front door!
it's not that #parents don't care, ts that they don't know how to be their child's 1st
I refuse to graduate with to C's. In Simon and Zazas...of course.
spending the day working on Phonology and Syntax :-(
Feel free to urinate on or around my apt. Building today, I guess u have an excuse
#thingsmyroommatesays Rachel: I have an essay due tomorrow morning....Oh, well back to tumblr. hahaha
I'll be exhibiting at the Diversity Health Care & Job Training Expo this Saturday at the Emory Conference Center in Atlanta - it's FREE...
Love film before practice and the kids are leading the breakdown!!
Matt Kemp = beast. First MLB game I've watched all year. Picked a good one.
Wonder who cleans the red carpet the day after the Oscars? Stanley Steamer maybe?
Cool. I could use the cash.
I hope Zimmerman rots in jail
Movies with a handsome guy tonight. :)
Ms. Flowers went all out for this test. Good ass smoothies tho. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks for helping to sponsor the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend! Good times & good info!
Find a system to install that will produce the desired outcome.
let me know how it is. Can't wait to see it, going tomorrow night. :)
Santorum spends more time talking shit than he does answering questions.
haha x) you came running back!
are you wearing a bump-it?
I love watching long island medium, that lady is so crazy. I would love to meet her one day.
I want to hate you
I love the look on people's faces when they ask what perfume I am wearing, and I get to say Someday by
Talked into starting #4HB and she lost 6 pounds already!
I tried. but I cant get down with the coconut water. I cant see the appeal. maybe im missing out.
Don't forget that it's Woof Wednesday! Save on strollers, pup heads, neater feeders, and more! All day, every wednesday at Lofty Dog.
there's a first time for everything
I might drag with me to vegas in March, if so we should chill. Thnx 4 the marble plane hanger story, it's a good one
yeaa. some gucci man shit. like a nike sign under your eye
Can u please follow me i love your music its amazing :)
Seated far from stage at the L.A. Coliseum in 1985. Springsteen somehow closed the distance and made it personal. He's amazing.
indeed we are. Thanks for your support guys.
Welcome to all the new followers and thanks to and for shining some light on us!
My heart and tenderloin goes out to all my friends effected by the tsunami in Japan. Especially my Wagyu homies.
Dude judgmental people <<
awww you was a cutie pie
Getting pretty tired of this crappy #weather in #Chicago. Need a pick me up this #Monday!
Thank you! I'm excited for what's to come
jealous..have fun!!
My father is living for this playoff game lol
sounds good to me :)
Prices for styling can vary by salon. Send us a note to & we'll follow up.
This is the most boring time of year for sports.
you going to roblox rallY?
Great prom at #BCCS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Tucker & Dale v Evil (2010) Outstanding. Great story, perfectly paced. Didn't lose me for a minute. This film deserves more recognition. 7/9
my sister lives there. she has cows in her backyard?
Thank you for the #ff/shout-out! Have a great weekend.
Comment the new pics<U+2665>:). Cross-Country in the morning with Greg&Andy&Zach&Cooper&AJ:)Text if you wanna
follow back?
will i be seeing yo ass this weekend??
"I've been watching you watch me. So watch this, how about we go watch a movie and get busy?" Fresh Prince was the man.
brett favre needs 2 say he's done.that would stop all this!!
hahaha - great sweater on the dog!
what I can't believe it.. The boys are back in town, the boys are back in town!! And yes I did just sing that!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I need new friends. I cannot stand this negativity.
I just followed know will u plz follow me!!!!!
don't give up and never say never. just #believe that dreams do come true if you're hard work :)
Oops. Sorry about that.
Things are beautiful if you love them.- Jean Anouilh
How dare you.... you 200th tweeted with me.
jumping on the bandwagon. DO it!
#dreamteam “: Andy Reid and his staff are doing another horrendous job of coaching today. Awful”
that moment when one the managers is singing along to the bsb in the break room and you're the only other person in the room.
#mlanet12 EXCELLENT the G+ Hangout test for MIS business meeting went well. :)
thanks so much for the add!
Q4: It depends on how long the trip is. I'll bring the basics for shorter trips and everything on longer ones.
I can't do this crap!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My life is filled with bad endings and wrong starts.
don't sabotage my partner.
all those colors?????? Even the dark? You know my favorite thing to do is make blondes into brunettes
Nice win la
Be sure to join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Indulge in our delicious food & drink specials while competing for great prizes!
The east side is still looking gray and very windy. We feel sorry for all those quarterbacks tonight!
Today's office debate - If you were a dog what type of dog would you be?
Why do I see antbash groupies all on my timeline. Lol I love you! LOL
Five blue screens of death and all #dell can say with my express service code is "I'll transfer you".
hey! I never saw this picture! :) It's a good one! Miss you Karen! Let's have a superhero meet up again :)
This Monday #Groupon will be helping out ! The $10 you normally spend on lunch can feed 5 hungry people #tenforfive #hunger Oct10-13
Spent a good few hours with Ma. Think she was a lot more open than she's been in a long time. Very glad we're so close to her right now.
Are u asking me? Sometimes i dont know if this is a dm?
no, I wish was with us!
Mine and conversations >
Ok ladies and gentlemen I am signing back on and will be giving you my thoughts on the Bears game throughout the game.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Sun, 23:05 PST
Big Book Publishing idea. If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it. It could be bigger that expected. 1912
Congrats! And how cool to get it right from the workshop!
Guess #nba players do ride the Metro. Just spotted Jeff Green at the White Flint metro station
Much respect to who paid a house call to check the AC so won't come home to a hot house!
Grateful for free lunch and dinner c/o work.
I don't usually keep the tv on after Grey's. Kind of slow?
What is needed to get into the Xfinity Live preview next week?
Excited, anticipatory vibe here at Eileen Brady's campaign party! Results come down in 3 minutes...
Hey , thanks, I've received the last 2 texts from 2 diff ppl successfully - 16 times in 3 hours.
errybody getting wild error
New Yorkers, New England Fans, you will feel right at home, try us out!
MEOW happy #hairballawarness day.
Ship me with anyone famous? :3
she walked away most likely to cry about it to her bf beiber.
#imsickof Doing everything in my power to be #amazing and I get #shit in return. #nomoreniceBrooke #NeverShouldYouEver fuck with me
Beautiful day here in #LosAngeles! - No wonder settled here :)
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road.
My head hurts so much and I wanna trow up :/
South Austin Gallery taking photos by room 3.
What colour did you tell me to go? :L <3 <3
Please withhold questions until after inning ends // RT : How the hell is it only 1-0?
O.K., confession time. Knowing how awesome is makes me wish I was living in Minnesota & playing at
We showcase talented people in our community. Tell us about your project!
is the place to be Jacksonville right now! It's The Livest Outdoor Old School Party around, if you can appreciate it!
are you coming to Pittsburgh? (: x
Is there an elephant in the room? If not, what was that noise?
silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.” <U+2015> Rumi
right, exactly.
Fried Chicken is Back Tonight!
is is going to be streamed live?
I followed
Why do I feel so bad that I'm not doing choir?
and are the best place for locals to party.. In #Vegas dont u agree
but really how do you go from such a masterpiece like Teresa to El Talisman--it just looks so cheap. Poor :(
Will miss you too!
Google just started a similar service to dropbox this week - i'd check that out
Today's the big day! Start things off early with the Flag Raising Ceremony at 9 and the MSC Dedication at 10!
My mom finally bought me another charger !
music we do at tonites mi yodea rehearsal is in memory of my dad paul kaplan whose yahrzeit is tonite. may it be an aliyah for his neshama.
it was a good msg :)
This isn't basketball j rock..
I blame the unfollow bug... I actually think we were following you from the beginning.
Them Ray Bans still on sale if u want them LOL
how u gone say "i love sex but hate condoms" in a "condoms" commerical???
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish peeps!!!
Zimmerman to be charged!!!!!
releases Ocean Sync v1.0 Freeware Desktop Edition to the public. OceanSync is #Hadoop Management Software which uses Hadoop API
Its a dead issue for you Kobe fans
What's good bro
When I forget my headphones <<<
& wicked games by the weeknd (NO typo)
Can you help me?.Im trying to get more people to follow me lol!(:
Oh gosh. Richard Hammond is adorable
New moon on monday
For my project, I made a video and put #Desiree in it! Can't wait for the class to hear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>I think they'll like it
Running on 2 hours of sleep.. Great.
Shopping with my besties. They dont make clothes for short people.
oh shit! Ahhaha I'm so ready for this weekend lol
He is just so perfect.
Let's get it on, yeah, y'all can come along ;D
Bands in need of a myspace layout. I am charging only $50.00 a professional layout. Look at mine for an example.
I'm just glad chris brown doesn't have blonde hair anymore
reading was my highest score on the ACT
RT : RT : - bringing the hits all day!RT : #relax and unwind today
Drove around for 2 months w/ expired license. Got clean today. Should've had tons of fines but ended up paying $22.
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
That's cool, I bought the book but still haven't had the time to read it, but I will :)
All that "Man Candy" from last night Playoff Games got me worked up...I got to go jog or some
Bummed I'm gonna miss #Clippers vs. #Knicks at MSG tonight. Damn you #CAR class--you win again.
Thanks for coming by. Looking forward to some great posts.
"Gotta have 'em all";
I had theme of "rock & roll" in '93, thinking it would be bar mitzvahgrunge but the place was decorated w/ White Snake posters
Apparently #Notredame is going to be playing 8 on 5 tonight.
Hi everyone hope everyone is as jazzed as I am......:) CCMAMA ~@& xo
I ain't even mad...
: I got 3 pieces yesterday & they call it member communication. Why would entrepreneurs & innovators be drawn 2 this message?
Our curse as humans; We don't live long enough to see the damage we cause by living too long.
i may have found my graduation dress! but it's red. is it too cliche to have the same color dress as your school colors??
You ROCK!
Finalizing all roles for our summer production this weekend. Lotsa work ahead. Might add a 4th one-act. www.theatrecompany.biz
We have a spot open for tomm night book it and save 20%!!! Forget about parking and driving we'll take you in style
Watching Nova and is featured!
i kinda miss all you guys, kinda.
If you're not following you are
Geaux Lay DOWN!
Got my tempo run done at 6am, ready to conquer the day now!
OH HI
is definitely one of the hardest working, thoughtful people I know!
Ugh. Abomination is right.....
i heard its spposed to happen between 3 or 4
I found it to be cathartic. I guess I just related 0_0
don't go to Pink Cadillac
if you like tangy and tart i'll suggest pomegranate limeade. so good! :)
Ah! Hunger Games trailer. Stanley Tucci! Can't wait :)
#boyfriendreview im pretty sure you got this already but.. ITS AMAZING!! AND ITS ON REPEAT ALL DAY(: #FollowMeIfYouSeeThisTweet ? <33
Just watched *Breakfast Club* for first time since seeing it fifteen times or so when it came out. Oddly, still identified with the kids.
You all Rock for the RT love!
I'm so late!!! I'm watching a scary joint w/my lil boy RT FLATIRON'ING MY HAIR @ THE CURRENT MOMENT, YOU?
ikr, my mom was on 10am yesterday and today. I dnt even wanna go now, if im not cing prince
Happy Mothers Day to my mommy !!! :) <3
when do I see you guys again!
black ice. shiny possibilities for infinity. and why are all these shoppers out? this is supposed to be a recession
See, then they shouldn't have had him around all those other pretty people. Disheveled Ruffalo? Damn, girl.
Lol i really love my phone
Thank you for the music! Gotta go, but see you here next week ;)
I am starving for some of
Our science team confirms that all of this is true. Thanks Tuyen!
...1 beer won't hurt?
ya :/ On julius ceaser & ancient Rome. And one on a world war dictator.
(cont) & those new Nike nfl jerseys don't even have any stitching or Anything I was shocked 2 see they were $100. Looks like $50-$60 to me
you have your phone though! Play on there :-)
round off double backhand spring thankya very much! I mean I was only like 8 or something
When does 24 hour fitness close on weekends ?
Daytime we deliver as far north as downtown Mpls, but after 4pm we typically don't pass Oak Grove St. Call 612.824.9100.
About to rock my kamels with no socks and chuck t's tomorrow oh yea (;
Once I have it together & online I'll invite criticism & revise further.
Fab Design Tip: Cut fruit tree branches and place them in water. Enjoy the beauty of the branches then watch how blossoms appear.
you too!
Seriously. You're bad.
so? have you upgraded yet? www.prodivs.com
2012, let's get it done!
I've always felt in total control of every aspect of my LIFE, but I'm learning that I cannot always be SUPERMAN. GOD has the FINAL word!
I need to get out the bed and be productive Bestie got me on this 3 app a day thing
I'm serious! But ahhhw man,now I remember ): well,ill see ya around! Lmfao
I am just great!!! How are you doin???^.^
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
I just realized why Rachel Maddow and Piers Morgan are on at the same time as Sean Hannity, CNN/MSNBC decided to fight crazy with crazy.
Goodnight, before I say other regretful things.
I just got a little more Texas;)
Met a lot of creative people at CreateBaltimore and came home with lots of ideas.
I have no idea what hes doing friday, im meeting him next friday, idk what hes doing after?
Can't wait to jump into the studio next week (it's been TOO LONG!) and record a few songs for a documentary!
#SorryForPartyRocking:I Love !<U+2661>
When white kids roll up to school blasting mac miller lmao
Connect to Compete: Do Finland and Korea Connect to Compete? What happened to the cognition of print?
Nick too mad about that stuff lol
You know it's going to be a good day when Call Me Maybe and Boyfriend play as soon as you get in the car
Failing To Plan Is Planning To Fail. Ask For Help With Your Retirement Plan!
need to revitalize my pro twitter too!
Oh, that's awesome! Thanks for sharing it, I'm definitely going to give it a shot. :)
Thank you for all you're support. Together & Undivided. We can't do it without you!
Lizard moms may prepare their babies for a stressful world
Your son cleans up nicely. Although he is still rocking a five o'clock shadow.
its on my news feed u amateur
I am the street.
You guys should make some type of video. :)
Working on a fun #proposal. What is keeping u #busy today? Hope u take time to smell the roses along the way!
I often tell people I'm going to prey for them, and I mean it. I leave them deer heads and what not. I'm a good person.
maybe we need more inventors in the room?
Lots of places: curtain club, dada, all good, prophet, adair's, etc... mostly deep ellum.
Yeah but I'm a businessman.
Meek Mill is gonna do it big for Drake's concert on the 22nd & then hit up the Longbranch for his after party >>>>>
what pedals do you use on listen to your love? They sound perfect
Merry Christmas everyone and a happy new year <3
"...They do it to get a crown that will not last; but we do it to get a crown that will last forever." 1Corinth 9:25 Your crown is eternal
someone remind me why I chose to go to a CHARTER school..
We're back!!! See you tonight! We'll be in section 84 with our friends from Tack Back Our Yard.
School is a bitch.
8 out of the 85 enrolled students showed up to this class...makes me wonder why I'm here...
Howie Kendrick out for the year
At this Holiday Season we remember and honor those who are no longer with us and cherish those who are....
Will Ferrel and Usher on SNL tonight. Omg <U+263A>
Definitely! We'll be doing another naming (or a bris) sometime in mid to late May for #2. Might be a good excuse!
ok I've got it! Eager to read, hope to start tonight. 22 years I've lived in Seattle but my books are set in Louisiana.
much love friend
Why don't you go to westside anymore?
me too, but next month ill be taking voice lessons<U+2665> i love singing, even tho I'm bad at it<U+2665> i still wish i had Ari's voice:]
Why SEA over KC, when KC already has arena? Market size?
Singing Rascal Flats songs with my mom >>>
Blazer fans, subject to final approval, basketball is back! NBA players & owners reach tentative deal early this a.m.
My 2 1/2 year old son just said "Its AL... there's 2 AL's"
I have about 8-10 photos to upload hopefully tomorrow!
So jealous! Bring me back
back at Delirium for a 2nd night... met some welcoming people there, so I wasn't just some creeper at the bar tonight.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem
got tickets to see you in Belfast ! SO EXCITED! missed you last time so now i cannot wait! olly olly olly....OI OI OI ;) xo
not until tomorrow
oh well thats too bad... But have fun and your welcome :)
Thank you. You're a critical source of climate/aviation/markets news for me.
Our hearts go out to Steve Jobs family. What an inspiration to us all!
thanks for following us and supporting
anything can make us look, only art can make us see.
Awkward moment when my friend tells me, "I never would have thought you were a virgin"... what? Am I a slut or something? oops.
“: Love twitter porn..... #facts” you would ya freak
United facing SA Madison or SA East Central next round after defeating San Benito 24-17. Madison leading East Central late in the game.
` but can i get a mention though
Kayla has quite an imagination lol
if you a player i guess im the coach
How can Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby end up on the same day? That's a lot of drinking to accomplish. Which one are u celebrating?
We have ms of Woman in White...no Moonstone though, alas. And Wilkie likely got poor marks in penmanship!
what have you been sniffing ! Lol!
Gotta start somewhere!
bothering the little Chinese boy
Such a fun team too #boomcity population ...
lol dont deny you stayed trippin but you never fell
Panelists will begin reviewing applications at 10:00 EDT in Indiana Government Center South Conference Room C.
this is making me sick
Anybody have a nail clipper? Going once...Going twice?
“: lol! Right! Sorry Wiz for your loss.” <----- my mama showing sympathy lol !
I need him and love #<3
I miss you already :(
#ThatCamp should be more like sleep away camp-- conversations into the wee hours. And s'mores.
#raw10 this cop stopped me Walkin n he was crosseyed. then i found he wasnt even stopping me but sum1 else.
-- Eh, maybe ... do you need starting pitching that bad?
Are there any studies or articles about Apple's organizational and management practices? Love to learn more about how they manage people.
We're looking for an editor!! If you are an editor in the St. Louis area and are fluent in Spanish we'd love to hear from you!
please follow me please follow me
Ha! I think a lot of folks are surprised....how are you my friend? Counting down :)
Can you explain why Hillis only got 10 carries? I'm completely baffled.
I am shocked by ignorant remarks about Jeremy Lin. Everyone knows that Harvard is known for its endowment.
Just got new wholesale rehab deal, Address is 4751 SW 5 St, Miami, FL - Wholesale price is $110k. CASH ONLY. Won't last. Let me know
heyy ive been wondering for a while what happen to you doing OLLG?
You would know it lol. Thanks, though!
this is not okay
Sorry! I was watching Wrestlemania 28 Luv ya still! :-)
Day 2 of being cold outside
Que chingon. Oye , what kind of watch is that?
Working on your taxes? Come sit at the bar and avoid them for a while with us!
It's raining really hard and I'm gonna die. Omg. Gonna die. Help.Me. #help #TexasWeather #wtf #mybabykittyisoutsideallbyhumself :(
It's just that is so so right.
haha well yeah those guys definitely didn't get any of this so they can't blame me for that lol
( hey i think its very nice of you to walk away from something that has a lot of drama ..
From one Son of Abraham to another... RIP MCA.
thanks! You put me in with some good company!
What do yopu do?
Every day I go to the MaxFun site to see if there's a new episode of International Waters. And every day I am sad. :-(
Klout - we've all got it (including a score)
I am no.godess
I think that offices with doors are much more conducive to getting serious work (programming) done. Fewer distractions.
thanks for the willingness to update my profile pic. I had to run, but it was good to see you, hope we have more time next time.
welcome back:)
Watching to see where will play football next year. Excited to work with him on building his brand in the NFL.
Grad Night at Disneyland AND Disney California Adventure!
for what?
: I juzz miss you is all :D
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!!!!!
RT : I want to start a National Read To Children Day. The date is every day of the year.
Not at all, Annie. No more silly than me to ask WWR, "How much do you pay?"
I am SO jealous of all these cinco de mayo festivities <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
so cute
At least Obama had the integrity to remember eating dog.
Jays hand Rangers 2nd loss in row
that is what I want - potential to analyze in context of previous readings. hey, so I could steal (er, borrow) your notes. ha
Dude! Did I miss the zombie sombrero tea party brunch?!? (and when are we going thrifting?)
Metta playing great D, Bynum = D LEAGUE
I love beating Scott at Scrabble!
After seeing recaps of the game, no longer bummed I didn't see the BCS Championship.
Pumpkin Ale already?
that could be most useful for cottage weekend
come out for a beer.. At Nyack Pourhouse on Main St.
No way my friend!
Finally figured out what the rancid smell was in the work fridge. You're welcome co-workers.
You was playing games
Sun is out #Seattle. We have great items for your outdoor #lunch (and outside seating). 101 Stewart @ 1st Ave near Pike Place Market
I think I know that guy!
how many points do the Heels lose by tonight?
Friends reruns until 3am are going to be the death of me!
Bronx NY, how bout u ?
It's the final countdown! Last day of the #NRAShow. Come by booth 6825 for a Chicago style dog, and make your stomach happy!
heading to the airport with :) so excited but man is there a lot of traffic!
Nothing's Ever Built To Last .
what does #HOP mean?
Probably not a coincidence that the word "I" one letter, and the word "we" - two ..
DUDE. I WAS!
Oh man. Something doesn't feel right when you have an insane week of work, and more than 1/2 the office is gone on holiday vacation..
#Happy #Friday everyone! Any must see #Rockshows going on this weekend? Keep us posted!
the hot spot is the good spot at CV...electro,funk,soul at it's best thinks to dj moma!!
Watching ridiculousness .. Dude its so fuckin funny lmao
RT! if u cant stand fake people
OMG Ramona and Beezus is my favorite!!! That movie is so good!!!!
Headaches from brainstorming .. I cnt understand this situation
what was yr name again? :)
I remember meeting a while ago. New York is a lot of fun! Hope you are well
I'm not sure how a coach is supposed to stop an asshole fan from contacting a player. not sure how that works.
not 'chillin' but 'chilling'
U trippy mane?
Nag Champa is an Indian fragrance, commonly found in incense, soaps, perfume, and candles.
I hate riding buses
The full announcement should be coming on the 15th (or so I'm told).
#iloveitwhen you Are super nice to your fans I LUV YOU <3<3<3 BUT THIS WONT GET RTD BUT OH WELL (,=
Soul train for
Good Night
At bk so fun..taking lil girl to girl scouts at 630
Can't argue with that! RT : No zoo compares to the San Diego zoo.
everyone call 18888367603 and vote for #tad <3
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS...
when you look in the mirror, don't focus on your flaws... focus on your beauty.
But Davis has a chance to transform that team. MKG could easily end up there, too, if Bobcats fall out of top spot.
If it happens again, I'm visiting another high school instead
Dear Mittens, you are a piece of shit. I don't favor your Mormon ass being anywhere near my rights or the rights of the ones I love.
The irs did exactly the same kinds of paper manipulation FRAUD in the lawyer's case as in ours, EXCEPT n ours they made death threats w/guns
Scott Walker even lies to the people who give him big bucks. He's like a hooker who says, "You were the best ever."
ohh you just got back from college? Yeah I can tell you've gained like 15 pounds.
thanks for the mention of our paper
Yes we are. Go Rangers!! ": Kiss my ass #detroit #TEXASRANGERS are gonna lay down the law on you tonight!"
uh..yeah..
Let's focus on heckling 8th place Liverpool. Shall we?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs The question is how do you stop drew brees? You must first get to him
This morning, listened to John Maxwell's minute, I have a new persepective on Harmony, Thanks John
that reporter deserved a punch
Good one.
I don't like coach Kelly. Idkw but I do. She said I wasn't committed enough this year and thats why she cut me.
Grigoriy Burtayev - "YouTube tired off me... and Facebook, and GoogleFace+. They wanna Resign its game"
Nerds n Dorks gettin ripped. I'm a secret nerd (star wars and Lord of the Rings but don't tell anybody!)!
Penny Stock lovers I really see " APRO.PK " really taking off this week.. get it NOW
has live tweeted political stuff, road rallies, OccupySD
HEADS UP! Belt Parkway closed due to flooding, both directions & Bay 8th street
Thanks promise RT : S/O to one of my favorite producers and close friend Happy Birthday!!!!
Hey, thanks for following.
If my dad knew what the internet was, he'd be totally bummed that Levon Helm died.
says homework is to try Google Hangouts for community engagement.
Any chance you can help me secure Keith Ferazzi for our show?
Honestly though, my mom'lls til believe your mom over me
but I can't! your dms aren't working!!?
Get it girl.
286b3b98 « add me on bbm if you like *no weridos*
ya he wanted to go last year but we missed it.. and just saw an ad for it at Walmart
I can't thank you enough for the help with my boy the rapper! you guys rock the promos!
All levels of education should be free in Jamaica so that not only rich people pickney get opportunities to learn and lead.
We will find out tomorrow. Hauling water for last week, very #firstworldproblems complaint though.
bitches need to know when to
Goldie video is best video of 2012. Hip hop classic,that Money Ain't A Thang. Timeless feel. Shit changed my life for the better.
Wishing all students a great first day back after Spring Break!
Debating on actually going to the caf by myself.. Usually don't, but i am just hungry as can be..
Love your FABULOUS new monniker!
Just remember.. I'm one of a kind & you'll never find another like me.
Everything's coming up Koyaanisqatsi.
Thankss , I fuck wit yours too
Fourth cup!
All I can think about is how much you loved me since I was a little girl you been holding my hand and showing me how to be strong thanks God
I'm bored mike....
Another beautiful day wasted at work :'( Catch me laterr.
Right when I though someone liked me... He doesn't why would he who ever does NEVER!! I'm done
Man, I ain't EVEN tryin' to take the dog out right now. Ain't even tryin'.
My bad, says "thousands of" - need to read closer
Getin that am start here in Montana baby
it sure is! what's your favorite flavor?
Completely unhelpful- "Toni is like a glass of water that has been left standing a long while". So... -DvL
Just tried a Chai Tea latte for the first time from USC's RTH cafe...its absolutely delicious!!!
looking for a unique way to look at holiday lights on the canals? join us 4 one of our holiday light tours starting nov 26th!
im bout to be famous!!! :)
We'd LOVE to but all attempts to visit have been rebuffed. Which makes brewers instantly less attractive. :)
You Know It, Fam. All Day
whatcha listening to?
Late Night tweets made my night So Much Better hahaha!
Hurray! I'm going to court today to fight a speeding ticket , wish ne luck . I didn't speed. Crooked north town police.
im patient when it comes to my music
Up and can't sleep.
lookin forward to it
#tnla12 Get out of the library and build relationships in your community
I hope so!
“: 4 day bender? Great weather and sports all week. To be 22 again!” party like its 1999!! Legendary year...
the sellers or buyers? And how public is that info? I can see this going badly and being misunderstood if too specific w/$
Wonderful people, wonderful wedding. So happy for Kevin and Chelsea!!! :)
You are NOT. You're gazing into a terrier's eyes. ;) XO
Thanks, I appreciate that!
Julia is gonna be here in a half hour and im still in bed.
Thank you as well Scott! For friendship and excellent tweets
lol he was being so stupid I was only talking to him for like 5 min then I went back home (:
Just met Topher Grace. Cool dude!
hey, whats going on
Let's be clear on this...“: My chocolate debate cupcakes are in the oven. And they are all winners. #db8”
"What are you rebelling against, Johnny?" "What've ya got?"
Thanks to the for the follow!!! Great Food by the way!
Woah, all 8 episodes of ‘I Hate LA’ are now on YouTube?! Sweet! Check them out! rocks!!
The #MLB Fan Cave needs a replica of me.
that's Marty's 12 year old daughter he mad "Hugo" for
let me get a cup of that OJ!!!
We can print your logo on anything, pretty much. Stick out, be remembered. It's what we do.
that looks awesome
What y'all gettin into tonight!
How do scaredy-cats answer the phone? Yellow?
Santacon&El Clasico this Saturday,5 work days left for the rest of the year&winter is here aka perfect turbo weather for the Audi
That's awesome!
#13thingsilove consecutive days off :D
compelling is how I would describe after watching it.
lmao u can!! u lying
Just saw Doug McDermott at target so obviously I asked him to teach me how to dougie and looked at his girlfriends butt
bar run
Science Cafe edition on the Sound of Ideas this morning. We're talking about radiation risks and rewards- join us!
my head says leave but my heart says stay
Now serving MIMOSAS every weekend, starting this Saturday!
Really sad I couldn't go to #alamw12 w/ ...will comfort self by plotting a trip to
Just because you knew me.. don't mean you know me..
pretty good just bored as we speak
we are just awesome like tht
It's my Day Off!! Wtf Am I Gonna Do Today!
sure thing!
This broad at Taco Bell is STUPID! She's ruining my great day!
I did today. Hunting for Turkey. Well, more like napping and eating candy bars with nature.
#FF Shout outs to Have a happy & productive Friday
why u so sexy?
I hate callin women bitches. Most women hate it. But too tha ones who love it. . . . . . Wus up BITCHES!!!!!!
Call and request "Beautiful Thing" on your local radio stations!
Waiting for my son to get home. It will be good to see him again!
Happy April Fool's Day!
Holla back at ya!
shut up abby.
thanks for coming out to tweetup & great to meet you! coming up to FortWorth for Txla13?
It Has To Be A Joke!!Lol
Hope you are right. We need consistency
ii naaa! Well, you guys need it with that heat. It's going to be above 80 for the first time this year in Seattle.
I'm ready! <3
I'm an Etsy fan. So many beautiful handmade items.
We'd like to welcome back associate editor Zach DuFresne!
I'm so hungry.
indianaplis eifs companies, indianapolis eifs repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, indianapolis stucco companies, indianapolis stucco
got an applause break on saying the word wal-mart. Ventura Harbor is awesome!
Ah. I'm guessing a Buffy thing? I only watched enough Buffy to realize I didn't care for it.
Mr.Roth... Thanks for the follow
Marco Estrada is so bad
Put Batch in ASAP. Love Ben, but he is not helping us.
Lets Git R Done
You may be confusing me with
let's guitar this mofo.
Fog, clouds...when did #Encinitas turn into London?
American Citizens can now be arrested for NO reason, and be detained with NO trial for ANY amount of time!
different approach to personalization: "person-to-person interactions, if done right can even scale "
amazing finale to #thewalkingdead - michonne, welcome aboard! the show needed you! can't wait for season 3!
You know where I live just text me anytime!! I'm coming back on on Sunday
Upset I missed
yes ma'am baby! Monday!
You think it would have changed the vote?
checks TL for a link to moby..has an interesting audio file...
Show me that
Shot out to all them hoe ass niggas out there .......... Somebody got to bee the bitch nigga . Lol
Sometimes, it takes a good fall to really know where we stand.
Just heard the 1st thunder of the year. AHO!
Yes...but that does not mean you do not make an effort if you don't like the subject.
Vote for dalila!!! Because she's pretty hahahha MADE MY FRIKEN DAY!!!
Mo tonight! Give me my bone marrow butter and pinot noir.
Detective Latchkey 5by5 Episode. John, what bag r u using for your MacBook Air 11" Kind thanks.
Yay!! I'll leave my moose at home!
you should change your last name to a different homonym. you should change it to Cristina WHY!?!?!
You have both (:
Something about your body girl just gives me directions ...
Heh. For federal tax purposes, my business is a "Disregarded Entity." Pretty much says it all, doesn't it.
#FF she is so beautiful so sweet, so nice, so amazing and incredible she's gorgeous ;)
Sugar Bowl Virginia Tech 3-0 vs Michigan Wolverine
Message us your questions!
go over where? Megan's confused!
I would leave my running shows at school -.-
Thanks you, I appreciate that. I'm hoping the for the same :D
I hate wen (<U+2192>ME <U+2190>)people tweet Sumn STUPID .
An MLK article inspired me to watch the movie "Gandhi", which inspired a great dream last night, which inspires me to say...
I think you should invest in a pair or 3! Lol
Check out GalTime Atlanta on facebook! Search for "GalTime Atlanta" and go ahead an "like" us. Cool new content and updates everyday!
Street cleaning for the sidewalk.
Looking forward to the AL conference in our home town of Boston, March 24 to 27. We will be there with our books!
just maybe restrict your usage to web sites/email as to not disturb the ol' ATT
the overwhelming evidence of the Bible says you can't, I.e. Phil 1:6, Eph 1:13, John 17:12.
Apologizing does not always mean u or the other person is wrong it just means you value ur relationship more than ur ego.
The Madness will continue tonight! Perfect night for outside TV!
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
My parents LOVE to keep stuff from me..
“To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.”
Im pretty sure eating candy before bed isnt a good idea, but.. idgas.
Yom Kippur is just around the corner... Have you reserved your Break Fast meal?
give me a sec to take a look at that.
So you're a pretty big deal, haha, everyone is so excited about you communicating with your fans(-: Thank you!
“: A boyfriend shouldn't just be a boyfriend. To have it happier and more worthwhile, they should also be your very best friend.”
If you act like you don't know me now,don't be surprised if I don't seem to know you later.Deal?
Low blood sugar can cause children to have symptoms similar to ADD/ADHD symptoms and sometimes is misdiagnosed as ADD/ADHD.
how about infant-at-arms?
one of his best songs
Just Got A Skype! :)
Chris Bosh went to the vet and they said he's out indefinitely
hot coffee tastes so much better on crisp mornings
it's brotha man!
Thanks for my liking my page Harmony, Austin, and John! :-)
#Tigers down one, 6-5. It sure is good to see Ryan Rayburn come through for his teammates (and us very critical fans). Go !!!
i don't mean to brag, but i know every word on license to ill
Sarah, Alyssa, and Angela
Manning. Luck. Imagine if they hadda kept Elway. Some curse.
We are NOT who our past say we are..
Just got back from the meet.
Was all excited to see Gomez play at Kane County on Tuesday before finding out it is a 11 AM game. Who goes to those?
hey joel , how are you thanks for following me ! ;D
congrats! what level is spice rays?
you're too kind. Rubbermaid goodness in the kitchen or the outdoor writing space - who would've thought?
That's awesome that you met Kathleen and Janet!
First person to solve an upcoming word scramble wins 4 tickets to opening night of Summerfest... tweet with your answer!
honored“: #FF Awesome photographers edition: ”
Live life like if its yo last
good greek food!
#FF << she's beautifully amazing inside and out. And because she's my bestie (in my head).
Tell me what you think! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Straw Poll. What's the Bourbon to use in a Mint Julep?
Is Memphis on your schedule SOON?
STOP TELLING GOD HOW BIG UR PROBLEMS ARE. AND START TELLING UR PROBLEMS HOW BIG YOUR GOD IS!
TRAFFIC: West Washington Ave @ Regent Street - RR Crossing - car hit the RR Crossing Pole
I miss you too!! I can't wait for our adventures this summer haha
I am picking up the keys at woodley park apt on wed of next week!
the best is better I leave you red over green like a fredy sweeter
starting my brother on PHD tomorrow after several LC paleo failures due to compliance. How much fruit is rec'd?
Due to your great taste in t.v. shows, you shall be followed, lol. :)
Looks great!!!
Bout to take flight...( lights Blunt ) ... up,UP,and AWAY!!!
Went for a long walk yesterday.
Happy holidays everyone!!!
what happened to it and im soo srry i hope u can fix it and i can make u one if u want me to
www.hrjobboard.com
that is cool :)
lol so I'm right right?
thanks for tweet. #Crowdfunding is growing and we're here to help those in need and want. Pay it forward
Next week ONLY, become a Gold Card member for only $7.99! Just mention you saw it on Twitter or Facebook!!
NO ONE will understand my deep love for Lucky Charms <3
They need as many as they can get. They call them Lob City but they are Brick City from the foul line.
what's a life long hockey fan have to do to get NY Goon premier tickets, which happens to be 5 days after my birthday?
Did you know that Facebook,Apple,Google,Dell, combine employs less people tham GM on the 80's..Ouch!!!!!!
those bum ass niggas is the ones in the second round hahha
Permanently, painfully inspired by André Kertész's "Distortions" series
Had a yard sale to raise $ for the Ride to Empower in Red Rock Canyon, NV Oct. 22-25. Visit networkofstrength.org/ride to join the CO team.
So what part of Mexico are you from?? Um........ Miami hahaha
yes, let's grab a coffee tomorrow!
#SPRINGBREAK is here Gettin Intune! I'm Bout To Crank Up <=TECHNO=>
its cool, jus keep ya ass home n try ta make 2g's cuz
Can't tell you how proud I am of you! As an actor/filmmaker, I feel like you busted down some major doors. Congrats :)
Y'all tripping off of Meta worldpiece but world b free was the first NBA player to do that
saw her .. Crazy !
i really want austin mahone to come to Minnesota SO Bad. I'd Do Anything Just To See Him<3
Just got some tests from my #photoshoot w/ CK Photography. Given that it was on Cinco de Mayo & Supermoon night, they're NOT that bad. Haha!
Good job, Hoosiers!
Today im like "mom I have a boyfriend" nd shes like "is he cute?Let me see him!" then i showed her a pic of Austin she thought he was cute(;
good work homie!
I need to feel better so my weekend plans aren't ruined
Despite recent struggles, Tiger has finished in top 6 over last 7 appearances at the Masters (winning in 2005).
Imma show u how to make ur man say OH!! (literally) lol :)
Drive-Incubus #nowplaying <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I need to find a new job!!!!!
whose hosting ?
#ivealwayswantedto Fight zombies with "Questions" by System of a Down playing really loud in the background.
HEY BOO WAT UP BLOW DAT KUSH LIKE A CANDLE
I did try several times on the computer and iPhone. However I believe we are good to go. I just posted! Thanks for fixing it!
I don't make the rules!!! I just remind people they exist =P #missyou btw!
There is not one team that I am confident about this weekend. Maybe Baltimore
can we start and official campaign to bring in vladimir guerrero now?
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
I'm not even an Obama fanboy and I'm irritated at how retarded that logic is.
what are you saying? "epic fail?"
the metaphor works up to the point he got blown away
All of this Weeden is old talk makes me sad. He is my age.
Not for nothing, let me get a look @ you.
We graduate so soon :)
My texting speed automatically increases when I'm angry.
I hope all these folks pushing means tested on this would be willing to support a graduated income tax.
her "informed" response
I Guess that’s why I get a funny feeling inside When I lick between your thighs O:
give a break! Your a$$ was hang in out, and melissa bared her chest bones. Why do u always 1up everyone?
Me too (re: headaches). I wonder if there are some people who just have no idea how much perfume they're wearing.
Happy Boxing Day!
So there was apparently a bomb threat in the bathroom today ~Devin.Anne<3
Nope - Rick Santorum
RT MY breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me. --Job 17:1
Boning up on National History Day rules for exhibits, which I'm judging today. I'm excited & nervous; prob how students feel this am, too!
on #60minutes was amazing. Such an inspiring story all around, and especially for tennis.
Where did you get that list? Wouldn't mind having it handy as I knock on doors.
someone talk to me i dont wanna be single anymore
i see haha
In Chicago for GreenBuild 2010! Bring on the Green <U+E447><U+E415><U+E04A>
Friend: *Shares a bag of chips* ..Best friends: *Eats them all, then gives you the empty bag* "You can have the rest."
J. Cole - Never Told ..
were going to
I miss living across the street from Starbucks. Its like a relationship you still love and want but know you can't easily have.
I'm turning into that.
If you haven't seen "Red Tails" yet go & check it out this weekend!
Answers and solutions are coming at heinz field as we adjust the lens and vision.
I might be about top have a niece or nephew. Ah! Can't believe them two. ^_^
never heard of it but sounds good
Cutie pie Jonathan Taylor Thomas turns 30 today. I can't believe he's 30. Makes me feel old.
Steve Jobs revolutionized the world, his contributions to how we live are immeasurable. RIP!
#FloridaRestaurantShow is coming up soon. Need embroidered polos for your team? Printed tees 4 giveaways? Call us at 877-244-9913!
Coffee Caucasian , lmao. love you !
Modern Love makes everything better.
Be careful to live your own life. The time you spend following someone else you're missing out on your own.
You could probably make it with white chocolate and a bit of raspberry syrup. Not super chocolatey though.
Song after Song !!
Genius - just submitted last eve on your website. Excited to hear when it's up :)
“: Children, if your middle aged dad tries to walk out the front door in skinny jeans - stop himNot a good look.” and vice versa!
As President, how would you ensure that the 10th Amendment is being properly recognized and implemented by the federal gov't?
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Spoiler alert: he's been spotted checking out phone cards at a 7-11.
Join us tonight for a mighty musician Kevin James. The place to be in the Village!
I better get something good this weekend. I barely shit in the house this year.
NP. Will try and get out there. Really glad the movement is taking root in DC.
Omg Ur so cute!
my cats just figured out catnip. it's a mix of running, pouncing, rolling, and noises.
" GM to build $200 million stamping plant..reut.rs/wqr80P " Wow.. and they have all of these empty plants setting idle.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 38
those hats are turrrrrrible
Y my friend be chasing that high??? Let it come to u!
haha... Hey, my voodoo doll worked. Kendall Marshall = broken wrist. Though, i wouldn't wish real injury on anyone. Just losses.
I just text those lyrics to my mom. She's going to tell me to go to bed
We're so glad you did! Hope to see you next year!
For all news and updates about the Texas Rowing Championships follow
where were the earthquakes?!
The aging Boston Celtics will get a break in the second round. Home court advantage against the 8th seeded Sixers.
Why can't Siri send a txt on a schedule, like "Send Lindsay a txt at 7:15 tomorrow morning re: remember the check."
RT : Follow Elle Fanning An amazing actress, truly sweet person, and good friend of mine!
FRESH OUTTA NEW YORK!
the name haha
Holy spinning heel kick
Majority of Dems and independents are in favor of same sex marriage & he's not going to win many (if any) GOP votes anyway.
Adding this abbreviation to my arsenal: ik!r?
Ut oh, bartenders know my first name @ the bar.... and it's not Norm! #propermarketing or
i'm going to set up a flickr account as well; can i follow your photostream there once i do?
Stuck in the Mountains
I miss having someone to complain to!
we <3 you!
Disregard any suspicious private msg from this account. #hacked #changingpassword :/
Club poppin dirty bass girls droppin
Yes, , can we get a shout out for #levilowrey? please? =)
I don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant....
I miss my girlfriend o y'all thought I was single LMAO :0
He's a ribald novel boy, I'm a dirty limerick girl. Ours is a forbidden love.
Great. My film () is almost done. Just a few more things in post left to do!
miss u too :D
I ate too much rice and now my stomach hurts
He loves all of his angels (:
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
Lol can't wait to see get Punk'd :)
Gotta make a Dr.Appt!! Think i got Dylans interear inffection!:0 J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Hey #Charlotte, nice city - great people
New day..big moves.stay motivated
I love your pic
Q1) Not much of a gamer. I did enjoy playing pinball when I was young...Okay, I still enjoy playing pinball.
I've never been one for love.
HotSpot...I'm chillin'..getting ready for a brewski..I think its Beer thirty...
White House and its GOP allies defended the president for not disclosing intelligence that Osama bin Laden wanted to hijack U.S. airplanes.
Not at all. There are 19 year olds there, and it's all rubric based. Plus, Manna from SLA is older than me.
RT : A lot of DM's saying "somebody is posting horrible things about you..." [and they are malware scams, so beware!]
This evening we pray for all our members and friends who are facing sickness
if Lebron missed those shots like Kobe everyone would be talking shit.. So I am too about Kobe
Butler to the A-10. Great move!
Choripan and tequila at Cinqo de Mayo in Austin, TX = hot.
Thank you! :D I hope your tooth is feeling better!
catching up on about 1 1/2 months worth of the office...opps.
One Direction's gunna be on iCarly for my birthday.
Being at the airport makes me miss my fam. Family is the most important thing in the world to me. Nothing will ever change that.
haha wow I'm surprised you aren't asleep
I love your life!!! #Whitneyhayes.net #registeritbeyootch!!
For sure, we have a dev center in Austin, so it's our home turf. Meet up then?
RT : Seriously, now that the mining bill is dead, aren't all the mining symbols on the flag false advertising?...
this weekend, someone thought I said "taco kampf" when I really said
Hit my neighbors trash can 2x already and it only 1043
For the 44th district of MD, issue 1 has always been #jobs. Very close 2, schools.
which was obviously followed up with, "it was Col. Mustard, in the Library, w/the knife??..."
I'm a one woman type of girl. I've grown and matured and running through random females is not me. Ready to settle bak down!
But but but I'm a techie, going to a tech conference! How am I supposed to I code without coffee? *cries*
This cold has made me sick to my stomach
Thanks Michelle
The Scarlet Poop.
last night first singing gig in a year, sang with uptown jazz... very cool Gershwin, Porter, Berlin
Confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from Humane Society
“: They Don't Call Them "Fun-Baggs" For Nothing! ;)” i usually call them bait
Today was a good day :D
that Dunk Contest was garbage
Sorry to here
The only time I won't want you next to me in bed will be when our daughter has a nightmare because she'll need her Daddy.
Pretty sure is a partner with YouTube. Idk if that helps
good night<U+2665>
so true. I had no mentorship or real direction in my first PR job. It was just here's what you need to do, figure out the rest.
There always is someone at the college party that is so energetic that they're either on something, or forgot to take something.
School yearbooks from War Relocation Centers! I repeat, so much untapped #genealogy info.
I hate being the first one awake....
3-0 night for most.... 2-1 for some of you.... Nonetheless, another winning day and another HUGE RED CARPET WINNER! See you tomorrow!
cool, always love your comments :)
Good luck coach!! I'll be watching!!
thanks for following me!! :D followed you guys too!!!
Lose weight with proper diet and exercise
There's a lot happening this #weekend in Miami: #MiamiBoatShow #CoconutGrove Art Fair #Wynwood Art Fair. Get out and enjoy!
Hey I'm staying outside NYC for a few more weeks. If you're around, would be great to grab coffee & meet in person.
love what? Lol
I'm with you there. I think I've had 2 dropped calls in 7 months. Had many times that daily on AT&T...
Watching a movie:)
Its important to drink water after a massage to maintain your hydration levels
SWEET! RT : Goodbye And boys :) Springfield or bust!
this is all your fault-----> 'I Believe I Can Fly'
RT : Anyone ever seen this movie called "Zack & Marie makes a porno" ?? Lmao its hilarious
that soulmate revelation occurs 2 min after the signing bonus is received. Its a miracle! AMEN!
Do I *have* to get up and live like an adult today? I'd rather not.
<U+FFFD>Our personal power is found in the force of our thoughts ? it is our real strength
I just got hissed at by a person. That's a first!
respect is like pussy, everybody dont get it because everybody aint worth it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! (:<3 you guys are really awesome
“Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.”
Fuck these fake ass pacer fans.. yall really just #HeatHaters smh find a Damn team n stick wit em
You can't be telling the #nofilter truth! Wow!
A $5 billion IPO filing by Facebook? Can anyone really fathom just how much money that really is?
Occupy Parrish Street
Oh YEAH? You think YOU lack sex appeal? Lately all the chicks I meet are maneuvering me into their Words With Friends-Zone.
This game is nuts
my friends used to call me a clown so I found a deeper meaning, A clowns job is to make people happy but no one seesthetearsof1
Fall says she was "all in" for race but is throwing her full support behind Barrett, says shared goal is to recall Walker.
Will you please be nice and wish my friend Rosie a happy birthday? :)
you are a great inspiration if you go on my page and look and biography your one of my inspirations you tell us never give up
WE WILL
I'm definitely losing it. I just cried a little at the end of the movie Babe. A. Grow up, Meesch. B. Get it together, Meesch.
times up. yo. homeward bound.
Fuck u rangers
Tonight is not my night...
found your debit card last night on Sanchez Street (near where it crosses Liberty). Please tweet me back.
NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west / RT : What's your delivery area?
what it do?? Whats poppin tonight?
big bone? Haha
I cant believe that I called that Rod Barajas home run. I didn't tell anybody. But I called it.
Star, tell me! do you think Dr. Murray should be facing murder changes or he just happen to be a very stupid doctor!
ask an attendant for a #CharlieCard or find them literally scattered on the ticket machines #thingsthatshouldbemoreorganized!
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
I didn't know you were in partnership with The Good Bike Project.That's pretty awesome cause those guys are cutting edge.
Gumball Head is now on tap at The Rigby!
I really really wish I had someone that told me how much I meant to him.
ASk him! RT : Hm I wonder if I could get to let me have a look ;-P
how about the fact that in their careers, MJ still has more FG attempts than Kobe...what does that say about MJ?
: Watch out world there's another Jaye...AND SHE LOVES JESUS TOO! enjoyed lunch with you. Chat soon :). #lwlforum11"
GET IT RememberTrust
I don't think my arms have ever been this sore before. 4 days now.
oh wow that's cool I never had a twitter made for me:)
Today = Pretending to live the life becomes The Life. En route to the vineyard, wine glass in hand.
NCAA Football starts in 4 days. Join us on Thursday 9/3 for great matchups like Villanova vs Temple and Oregon vs Boise State!
I'm gonna be in asia tomorrow. weird!
Just back from two weeks off the grid. Anything new happen while I was gone? ;)
Likewise! I'll be there - hope to meet live at SXSW.
hi :D could you give me any acting/modeling tips for an upcoming actor/model?this would really mean alot to me :D <3
awesome pic. Is that in your apartment? Looks super cute!!
yeah, I'm not taking the next act. I'd like to just get through the sat first
Indoor water in winter =sick...I feel like crap..ugh.
nothing just watch disney channel
My debt to you, Belovèd, Is one I cannot pay In any coin of any realm On any reckoning day. ---Jessie B. Rittenhouse
This time tomorrow I plan to be making eye contact w
lol bad built is the new sexy:) look at keenth his shoes leaning n this sub boring -___-
#PutHoeInTheTitle Law & Order: Special Hoes Unit
Dude, I think your twitter got hacked.
We broke 7,000 words on the novel tonight. Time for a drink.
# discover shows top stories in your world more and more personalized with engagement
I ’ve been watching House M.D. since it first aired in 2004, and I can safely say that last night ’s “Risky Business ” was a stea
Listening to while dwelling in my own misery. Breakups suck and I'm really getting sick of this.
Taylor Phinney crash - ouch!
Hit me up on fb n follow me on twitter
take me with you, i start to miss you.
I see you Cincinnati
Thinking about my septum ?.
Hi! Compare a Dell 1520 Inspiron Battery, we are $59.99 inc Shipping vs BatteriesPlus at $80.99 + Shipping. Try Us!
keys are no longer 'extensional' literal values or platform specific guids. #LinkedData replaces those relics with Hyperlinks.
History's most famous genius had a point: “It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.” -- Einstein
RT : #DFMchat today is about tweeting in journalism. Let's see how many Sky News rules we break at noon ET
Thanks! We're excited!
there's only 8 more days till my party how excited are you I'm really excited
it sucks! Then I get home and take a long nap and I stay upp late again :/
omg ur like profile pic thing is so cool like the background! its really pretty! bahah were where you!? bahah :)
or < One of them will be Voted Best New Artist of the Month and Go On To the Finals against
thank you!
I wanna see I wanna see
she doesn't! NOBODY UNDERSTANDS!
How many hrs u work a day?
Service Recommendations for an 11yo with #aspergers in #WashingtonDC? #autism please advise
Just because college isn't my thing doesn't make me a scumbag dad. I'm making bank, so fuck off.
I KNOOW! I CAN'T WAIT:)
woo!! I'm going to London this fall to visit , so now I'll have a gorgeous map to help me navigate!
Tonite @ 80 St Marks Place NYC: Triangle Shirtwaist Fire play performed by The Actors Company Theatre. Tix still available!
Best iPad calendar app? Tired of the native app not storing my past events...what do you use?
Lean Dreams video ?
SWEET. Awesome box of records. Just pulled out some "Hot Chip" and Q-Tip let's see what's next.v
@ timpanos restaurant with friends! Dr. Phillips Florida.
I need to get out of this house! Been here all day!!
Dentist time, and I strongly dislike the smell.
im not going to the roller jam tonite
Back in the USA.
Aw Aidonia always put me in the mood...Reggae!!!!
Yup, thanks. Like I said, I searched but didn't find anything.
Writers need to stop writing movies about writers. No one wants to watch that
nuthin much !:) r u watching the titans and jacksonville JAG. ?? I AM !
garlic is the best. Ever.
make drinking water to hydrate for bikram fun! add lemon slices, cucumber slices or raspberries.
Happy New Year Guys :D!
Coffee sounds great! I'm going on a big trip next week so maybe when I get back. I hiked Taylor Mtn this morning. Do you ride there?
I'm convinced Russell Westbrook and Reggie Miller are conspiring to ruin my life. Insult and injury in the same broadcast.
LMAO at the dude on the lakers bench with his hands on his head hahahahaha
Something is going on near Campo, CA border patrol area, traffic backed up and 3 very fast police cars have already passed us.
Wow!!!! What a great week!!!! We thank YOU very much for all your business with us.
all happy memories...well maybe apart from a few trips to take standard grades highers and SYS's haha.
But of course there are two, and I can look them up myself. But if you have a number handy, I'm curious.
I get bored easily..
all stretched out and ready to knock out!
wow... lol dm me how ur going to get that check for me please
Type of Dude to go Pray & then Go after wat I prayed for
So why DON'T those Pink Mulitway's come in 32 what about all the little Hispanic chicks and Asians and those kinds?
taking a break from fashions.. officially sick :( damn this LA bug going around.
ah, a Coke is exactly what I need to get through the rest of my night.
YES!“: At least once every hr make sure u get up from your office chair to stretch, march in place, or take a quick stroll outside.”
Are you a pro? Professional = Reliable + Consistent + Being able to produce a top quality product out of a chaos situation
Head to Nightlife tonight to see Rose from ! She's giving a talk on "How to make hummus" & slinging Pink Tacos Drake on 1/22.
ok got it...i will put it in part 8
Props for utilizing the word regal! “: We've never seen a more regal baseball player than Mariano Rivera.”
studio session... I dedicating all my time today to my new album... "Euros, P**sy & Champagne"... coming Fall 2012
: I'm currently on the hunt for an editorial assistant position. I'd definitely love to learn more about the opportunity!
Mindset & emotions, crucial! Enthusiasm for the project is what's currently sustaining my creative momentum. :)
Spice Gurls are kind of like McDonalds. Good every few years
Bayern the better matchup for Chelsea, both teams missing players, should be a great matchup
today is warm i can't wait to summer time cum up
Re-listening to "Keep It Like a Secret." Still amazing. Anybody know of a place that has a karaoke version of "Carry the Zero?"
More discussion topics: Youth engagement, social enterprise.
How pretty!! Hope you have a beautiful birthday!
God use MARTIN LUTHER KING TO MAKE THE WORLD BETTER,NOW WE GOTTA LET GOD USE US SO WE CAN MAKE THE LIL KIDS AROUND US BETTER
50 pack wouldn't make it through a week. Were talking 200 packs.
Follow me bo!? <3
The bad: sleep deprivation night 2 going very badly. The Good: I have many more cat on my head pics for my collection.
that is so the 90's
Some black people cant ever be on TIME...!!!!
Still Manhattan-based, actually, but in Cambridge from time to time!
i couldnt leave my prom date
awhhh! i love doing that(: i do it with baby pictruess
Getting measured today for a tux for my wedding! Exciting and expensive
Very interesting! Did you have to do significant market research for this?
S/o to the ladies who think like man and act like a lady. Please don't retweet this if you should be retweeting my last tweet.
They are gold and blue :)
"Do you want some soup?"
We have the same name! But, I'm an E :)
An Art Critic in Africa: The Great Mosque in Djenn xE9;, Mali x2014; An Art Critic in Africa The Great Mosque in Djenn xE9;, Mali, a reve
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes today to: C.B., L.G., L.D., R.L. and N.N.! Also, a huge D3 congrats to N.H. - job well done!
shut up -measure & Sarah
yes most definitely. any chance i can get to see Chip i'm there.
Yeah!! is such an amazing dancer!!! I want him to follow me too!!!:D
but then she's never going to shut up about me not showing up!
I hate eating blue lollipops cause they turn your mouth blue -_-
Realize this is first time seeing my hubby in tails & white tie. So handsome. Show's about to begin.
follow back(:
gcbc cagers shocks franchize all stars + hoopstars in back to back fashion. I jus wish they wudda sent me a sched.
As for many other women, Eat, Pray, Love put in perspective all my life
Where will I be in 5 years? Shit, at this point I'm hoping the Mayans come through for me..
Full moon = crazies / Cinco De Mayo = drunks / Full moon on Cinco De Mayo = crazy drunks. Please be careful out there!!!!
I'm freakin freezing...
Come plant new orchard trees with us this Saturday from 9 am to noon! Second Saturday Volunteers needed. Email .
One good thing about long distance? You don't have to deal with the aftermath of your boyfriend when your sports team loses.
Join us tomorrow at 9 &11 am for "Weathering the Storm - Dance with Life". Lesson: Rev Ray. Meditation: Rev David. Music: Erin...
“: I just asked Maggy if today was Saturday. I also asked her if we were in a country last night” cool story bro xoxo!
Depends on the gelato. RT : in a cage match for desserts, who wins: cake or pie?
And we're off! Day two of four! First up is "Lewis and Clark" by Allison Fuentes and Warren Perry.
Just playing acoustic on the sidewalk for BBOKC visitors. You can set up a tip jar too! CC:
Sunda.. Can't beat it...
-sigh- Why can't DC get their stuff together like Marvel so I can get a Justice League movie? An ALPHA FLIGHT movie is more likely than that
Looks great!
Version 3.1 in review to Apple. Minutes away from approval.
Listen to the call regarding SBC and real live testimonies. ***Wednesday March 28 @ 10PM EST Live with Top Gold Leader Brian Hill Dial...
Oh Lord let me be content in all circumstances.
Did you know your Valpak envelope could have a $100 instant win check in it? You may want to check that out.
#Twittermomentofsilence 4 Joe Paterno one of the greatest coaching iCons in History!!! send our prayers to his family!
CM Punk!!
. Personally, I'd substitute Vim, but anyway. But he's certainly looking at Mac web development through a very small myopic lens.
IN 2012 ACKNOWLEDGE GOD IN EVERYTHING YOU DO (Prov 3:6) In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight. #Sir Court
#running somewhere around 2:50. Not what I wanted but happy it is finished.
I don't know how Derek Fisher's still doing it, but he is executing some absolutely inch-perfect pick n' rolls tonight for the Thunder.
Daughter controls Albert Camus estate in FR. 8 Y.O. author Racer Rodriguez lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. WGAW hides their money in L.A
A goal from Sunderland or a goal from city or both. Come on.
Had a great lunch at Dough today. Love the burrrata and the marshmallow nutella panino rocked! Best meals in San Antonio!
I followed you already ,
Have you reviewed your policies/procedures for investigating employee complaints to make sure they are effective and will protect you?
What hath Barack to do with Bank of America and Bain?
Senior will be at qualifying with Freshman on the bag...Good Luck!
love you niall, even tho you won't reply. :)
aww thanks. I think it's his principles and foreign policy more... but whatever you say! Or gets them to the booth :) lol
Personal mission of the day: See how many senior citizens I can get balls out wasted by bartending a graduation party.
Tom Hanks is potentially eying Broadway in Nora Ephron's STORIES ABOUT MCALARY, a play about late New York Post columnist Mike McAlary.
You can still get these two great books, at an amazing price. Give poetry a gander and let me know what you think on amazon.
Q87.7 chicagos underground alternative. I don't think Gotye is alternative really...
Huh in tired off working. I cnt wait till I get a day off man.
sometimes the best therapy =
DC Universe Online Fans. Question: How do you use the Soder Cola in the game?
they made it so you understand their sobs, as opposed to whining/subtitles. but ya. still awful. hopefully gone after mothers day
If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
heck yeah..I could go for a garden burger.
Shanny will win with Skins, but will forever be in search of next Elway. Don't be surprised if trades and drafts more QBs.
play the Late Show with David Letterman tonight!
#53 is for me
Ready for a change in your home? New hardwood floors from Select Floors Inc. offer a stylish, low maintenance and hypo-allergenic option!!
#MidnightSnacking is my favorite part of life. Okay, that's a lie.
Whay isn't Thome pinch-hitting? Oh, wait a minute....
Everyone in my row on this bus is reading an actual book, no kindles, and it's so weird that I think I'll tweet about it.
Don't tell me how u think I should live just cuz u fucked up urs u trying to live through me. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
RT : : A's, Orioles "Most Interested" In Manny Ramirez #mlb Why would any team what him? He is a disgrace.
PLEASW FOLLOW ME
#IADMIT that I'm addicted to food, so eating is something like a sport.
You're doing God's (lonely man's) work. Hail His name!
omg such a great day!!!!
Tomorrow: chocolate, cheese, wine and meet the cheesemonger and chocolate maker! Come on in!
thank u for the follow. stay tuned to homelessdogmusic.com
Enjoy a with ur fink bomb when their truck comes 2night from 8 til late.
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris
LETS GO PACKERS!!!
Thank you for following me!! I will follow you soon xoxo
you really have an Amazing voice!! I love your expressions and everything!
Thanks for following!
thanks for the follow friend! Hope to see you out sometime soon - seems like it's been forever.
Here at #structureConf - please come say hi at the table
The bad girls club bitches are soft! My sisters,Kithia,Monica,my ex,an her sister would beat the shit outta them soft ass tramps
Be nice & say thank you ... I love that!
please follow for me plz
This has been cancelled RT "Indiana Authors and Their Books" - Digital Library Brown Bag series. 4/11 12-1p
To my fellow Fantasy Footballers. One more quarter to go.
I see you
As long as it is going east, we are all good.
I just lost my temper at the TSA. Never a good idea, but especially un-bright the day before Thanksgiving.
I redid my farm too to get the haunted house. LOL
I used to be depressed and miserable, but I've decided to turn my life around. Now I'm miserable and depressed.
this weekend is Hard Swimming & Monday is a great way to start the week with an amazing class!! ;) W/Erin!! Fitness Forever kids xo
Before I saw the picture I thought Kelsey designed a mock mobile website for Vans shoes.
Specials today at Cafe 300: chicken noodle soup, New England clam chowder, Turkey w/ spinach & roasted red pepper panini
cool, see you there!
solidarity - keep us posted
Rolfe Neill~ Reading transports me. I can go anywhere and never leave my chair. It lets me shake hands with new ideas.
My friend thought it would be funny if he pepper sprayed my arm. Burns like hell
Right back atcha!:)
Nice Win #San Diego !
U replyed back to my tweet a while a go i know u busy but i not gonna stop tweetin for u !!! zswaggers FOREVAH!!!!!
Dear Smartphone, Please stop auto-correcting all my swear words. You piece of shut. You're a can't. Just go to he'll. Thanks.
hehe your name is so cute :)
I'm on my way to Philadelphia for SLA
Ecac stands for Emergenc Community Arts Collective
don't suck him up Sean
I wish! So there's a pair of corso como pumps I want but I can't decide which color. May need your help.
send me some stuff
PD Tips: Identify high-end users, showcase what other faculty members are doing to create excitement
let me tell it...
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
i second that...me & sleep have a love/hate relationship anymore.
Make Greg pay! ": #FF when he hits 27,000 followers he's going to tweet out ten $100 gift codes! #Karmaloop!"
it was great I enjoyed myself.. Thx for asking... How u doing
you're awesome!
There are so many opportunities. Problogger is a great one.Many more too. We probably need a dedicated chat
uh I know but I'm missing it!!!!
This was a very good idea.
Go shawty it's your birthday and we gone party like its your birthday! :D
#ItsaGoodPoopIf you have to change the toilet tissue afterwards.
k, anyone i know going to see this evening? it's going to be painful not photographing a show.
Homebrew nerds, what do you think of the WilliamsWarn?
except for the whole band being there thing
*on ... Stupid touch screen :)
Been keeping up with my best friend all day it would be 2 yrs next month when she loss her mother
Yes! I was just going to say the whitelighter, couldn't remember the name.
John Mayer performs live at Richmond's Landmark Theater on 4/24 - tix on sale 3/2 at 10am
Hey everybody if you are a true shake it up fan go and follow this cool dude he isnt on shake it up but you'd be cool
I'll be there - should be a great conference!
Aw yeah I already checked you out. told me to hit you up
Goooodddniteee world.. Gonna actually try to sleep before 3AM this time. We'll see if it works folks
Green eggs and ham. Does it really taste that good to be desired that much?
Lmao. Ah I needed s timeline just now. I could rt damn near everything. Snorts and giggles just what I needed.
Stevie Wonder - Blowin' In The Wind - 07:54 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Even though we never talked face to face.. your still like a sister to me!
just got my electric bill. another thing on the enormous list of pros that california has over arizona. DAMN i'm glad i left AZ.
The aquarium place right? I know exactly where that is! Omg, I want a bunny. :c Moo is fucking adorable!
So I just figured out you're not in Tally anymore. What's up with that?
My caveman brain just realized how awesome it is we can turn fire on & off at our caves
"Make the ground move thats an ass quake."
CHANGE is the only constant we have in our world.
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Early designs of coolers consisted of frames covered by wet burlap cloth with fans forcing air thru it. ABQ 719-217-8546
Smothered fries right now though <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Sorry, anyone that went to www.bluebookbuy.com need to go there at this time.....Lots of info about ebooks...make YOU the $$$$
Spotify Premium is so backwards. I should pay for syncing, not something I can already do for free on my computer.
Nothing like doing morse code over the pager system with my boy.
Just interviewed Crystal King , an amazing Gen Y breast cancer survivor! Hear her story 10/5 on
I missed my show
me too! totally forgot :(
for a long time they have been chanting that. It is a NJ thing.
Shrimp Alfredo THOR and wine...it's my Saturday night
Good one Sam.
What's this? I can't click on it.
haha okay, hit me!!!
waiting in a huge line for Barton Springs
Lol RT We're due for a major lane violation call here you guys.
Would I be an American ham if I said I'd be willing to pork (Ms.) Canadian Bacon? (That's, uh, ... Beefy?!)
shut the F up, okay he told me to stand far apart, first I have them together and than he was all " open your legs" lol
I got out plenty of times..
Every day my work makes it clear that I really should start learning French.
Women's emotions are sometimes up & sometimes down, but if they are right with God, their Spirit keeps them balanced.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you lovely mothers!
Boyfriend video girl: Rachel Barnes, 25 years old, porn star, skechers model and married. DAMN, JUSTIN.
lol well damn when you want to get married??? lol
About to get my hair donee:)
He went to jared!
I read Heavy Petting to my boyfriend last night and he started pawing at my junk while crying.
Yea..if i go straight V on the rocks..i won't make the end RT : Raspberry over cranberry? Class.
rt now go make some money lmaoo...TheRealBiZzYB No problem
no problem....working now?
Late lunch at Cosi. Love their hummus and veggie sandwich on rustic flatbread. Wish there was one in Pittsburgh!
Can I call you my southern belle after today?
*confused look* i may be an exception to what?
Studying for the LSAT is much funner than studying for the GRE.
That's the only super power you'd need.
“Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.”--- Dale Carnegie
Switching to vBulletin + vBulletin Advanced for website development
yea I am actually! I've always loved that band
is witnessing a parlimentary k-hole.
hope you're ready to rhyme!
I'd think you were a really great guy if you retweeted me. Better yet how about wishing my 7 year old like luck in his match
its my opinion and if i'm proven wrong I'd admit it. Have a good night i'm out.
Pirates wrecked the Cards, Brewers crushing the Redlegs
That man is funny
There's that 20 point threshold I mentioned. Tread water LA.
Bill you're breaking the needle on the creepy meter tonight
yah. Not surprised --same as when we saw them several yrs back on 1st tour w Wolfgang ...-
Dancing and music are my escape from reality.
great weigh in today! Have lost 37.5 since July 1st and 19.5 inches! Even though I'm taking prednisone and have lupus, I'm happy
Thanks Paolo, for the mention (here & google+) I'll check out your site. Keep writing, and thanks again! Enjoy the new week!
great work this weekend ;)
Life is beginning to slow down again. I'll be around. Wasn't Last Day at Lambeau great?
Goodnight everyone . (:
very cool mane
6th period makes my day, errryday.
Tell all your friends to follow us!
Old worlds keep closin' in, they have before, they will again, voices call beyond the wind. I gotta do nothing.
I know this has nothing to do with my fansite, but check ebay! Im sure they have them in 9! C; lol
one thing is me being a belieber & one thing is being my BFF's bff so, who even started all this crap?
And back to Miami we go. The #MILPCAT is still alive.
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
Robinson Cano's father is pitching to him in the #HRDerby ... Wonder what he did to deserve the chin music
: I loved the video! It made my day. Baseball, dancing and singing are a few of my favorite things. 8)
Anything wrong with Stu Scott talking about "the blind side"?
i dont know what i should do today.
My Pandora station just played Led Zeppelin then Nirvana back to back. This music genome thing is scary good!
Missed one digit on the phone number of a work associate and had a "youth" tell me to go fuck myself. This is why I like email.
i dont know why, but i could never get the lyrics to the kim possible theme song right...
Bonny pooped came in and went right to bed
But, now it's on Twitter! ;) FUN! RT Super Secret Pizza Party @ Pt's Pub
U.S. stocks fell sharply Monday as investors got their first chance to react to the March nonfarm payrolls report.
do you have any more gum?
Huge props to Amazing example of regional collaboration. #econdev ^standing O^
made me happy today. Totally makes up for crap connection in New Mexico.
he takes after his mama with the dance loving?
They play Izturis like a little leaguer. 200 ft max power. Lol.
There's nothing quite like a livestream to get you moving in the morning.
I reminisce so you never forget this The days of wayback, so many bear witness the fitness.
yes! lastnight was really fun! especially when the sharks took our bathing suits so we couldn't get in the hottub HAHA
Prayers that you are ....
Are you sending the same old emails to your customers? It's probably time for a "new look"...sometimes a little confusion is a good thing
I B-more fly than BWI...
Don't do it if you can't keep it up.
chorus rehearsal today for state...leavin' this sunday for Jacksonville, Florida!!!
Need to get back in the habit. Yay you! RT : My body feels amazing!
Making lots of bracelets for our #armparty just in time for fiesta!
Kings of Leon Cancel Entire U.S. Tour After Dallas 'Fiasco'
Commenters on the are calling my IQ into question! I'm so offended! *yawn*
it's just laziness their reaching so much move ur damn legs!! Ha
S/O jus downloaded that "Hold Up" joint bumpin it now good shit my dude
has white fingernails.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention he raped me ! they make the girls look bad who it really happened to !
Thank you! That would be amazing :)
You need to educate yourself before you open your mouth.
tried to call my bestfriend , (my S U G A R F O O T) butt she dn'tt wanna answer hr phone #ThatsFine !
haha you are silly, but thanks hot mama :) RT Happy #NationalBossDay to one of the best bosses eva !
i really wish tomorrow was friday. #sickofschool.. -____-
Ha! I just recently sold that TiVo too. It was the end of a glorious, mass-TV-consumption era.
Self paced Saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together. Morihei Ueshiba
Thank you for coming and for so completely nailing it! We were so honored to have you. Keep coming back...
You're welcome, Jaughn. If you could please DM us your email address, we will try and see what we can do. Thanks!
Thank you for the update. I see that the location boarded two of its windows in preparation for replacement.
Good morning my Tweetys and Faceys!!
Thanks for the follow, ! Let's go :)
Leadership means knowing the difference between pulling someone in your direction and pushing them in theirs.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
Great meal tonight. Thanks. Thank you! it was great seeing you guys tonight, we'll always have Pienza
however... for now... i could totally use the money for moving expenses.
Very interesting - lots of friends/partners listed - you going to post any of the projects you're working on?
That works. Thanks for the response.
Its because your gorgeous babe
consider yourself gotten when I'm back in the neighborhood.
what do you do?
Dear audience: I love you!!
Already did. Me ;-)
Oh you know, just hanging out with Stacey Peralta and the Bones Brigade...just about everyone of & my childhood skateboard heros.
RT 80% of what we talk about is relevant to the community and 20% about the brand
22 days and I'll be the happiest girl in the world
Lets get it in.......#BAMSQUAD......#OsOFRESHGANG......We stay fitted......#Sycson.Ent....Get wit it or keep it pushin
Yes, but don't delay getting services based on that. Kids' minds are extremely elastic--that isn't the only thing going on.
remember in pre-school when nap-time was a part of your class schedule... lol
#musicmonday Rekapse () check out this amazing band from Virginia Beach!!! you can hear their single "Daylight" on now!
The rain scared my trick or treaters away :( Guess I get to eat the candy! :)
thanks for your vote and for spreading the word!
We have something that will work just as well. Please ask mil to call at 914-533-0333. Happy Thanksgiving!! xoxo
you can do it!!! I know it does suck. I will never enjoy it
yeah except that one guy...“: Such a great show tonight at Justin Townes Earle and such a great crowd. Why we love #Houston!”
Sunny in Seattle as we start
It's official- I can't handle the stupid minivan going 80mph with crazy wind on the 5. To skeeery
Guns? Really?
Showing love from Atl... Received a DM from about the mag. (He's on his job!) How can I submit? :)
Thanks for listening brother - your video is tight keep up the good work
they're CUTE.
Deleting my myspace add me on facebook. Its better
Light the Night is a great event for your company and your family. Let me help you register a team. Contact me!
a-men sista ;)
Creating something that is interoperable internationally from the user experience.
Chuck gotta chill
Damn, the new Tokyo Quartet THROWS DOWN when it comes to
thank you for the great info
Sitting in our villa w/ at listening to AWESOME.
“: because you so fine, them titties showin but I want you mine.”. (;
You'd die from Texas heat hun RT : Omg it's only 74 degrees and I'm dying. This summer is going to SUCK for us preggers ladies!
Damn, that's not bad!
Why is it you always feel so good after working out.
All the more reason why magnet schools were essential in Baltimore ed eco-system. Now, they're a mess too.
One piece is the shit.....
How the hell did my nail chip while I was sleeping?!?!
OR I COULD JUST STAY UP ALL NIGHT.
here we go. SMDH.
thanks & same to you!
super full now .-.
If the Smith Center can't place LVJazz, then TheMissionLV should have you! Located in the center of the 18b Arts District!
You guys definitely got all my votes for the KCA'S!!
OMG she did terrible tonight. Can he please bring an ACTUAL liberal on the show?!
thank u Lisa :)
What is tomorrow Oh!! ZUZU $1.00 breakfast taco Day!! Every Wednesday for now but not forever
She's a terrible interviewer and flubs virtually every other line. She was tolerable at news desk but not cut out for anchor.
Kyle Korver, my fantasy team thanks you.
I trust Steve Williams' opinion on Tiger Woods because he's got no ax to grind with the man.
You guys we have to get #ChicagoSkylineBand.com trending!!! Take 1 min. Of your time and post it!!
Suppose to be going to the movies with my sis ...!! but the bitch ain't answering her phone!
Aj Ellis with an RBI double. Tony Gwynn scored giving the Dodgers a 5-0 lead over the Rockies. Top of the 3rd
20% off from maxim direct price for MAX410EPA+, you will be surprised, at www.synpur.com
Very well! We've had a great summer & are excited about the fall. All good with you?
thanks so much! Honored to be in such awesome company.
Lee Majors at #worldfesthouston! The 6 Million Dollar Man!
In tune with you brother! Posted the same quote just an hour before.
your not lyin hit him rite in the handz
Sounds like you appreciate print and analyzing business cards as much as I do! It's a #print thing ;-)
Packing for Disney! I can't believe it's finally here!
How much longer do you have to last?
We have exciting news to share ...it will be announced this afternoon stay tuned!!
Sounds like a fun project. My Experience Design Works colleagues did something similar recently w/ Nursing. We should compare notes!
Maybe we need to stop crossing our fingers for what we want & start crossing OUR FAITH w/ God's FAITH for the things he's PROMISED!
Cops show up and news crews leave. Coincidence?
I was just thinking that
And Im still wondering why this is relevant...
heh! RT : All Mountain Dew in Montreal is caffeine free ("boisson sans cafeine"). Are all the shotgun shells filled with cotton?
No faith after one game?
sorry about your friend :(
RT : RT : Technical Job Seekers: Don't Miss #HFChat Tomorrow at Noon EDT our host Intuit, and our sponsor, Dice will...
Designed for longspan shelf storage, step beams are 45 mm wide with a 20 x 30 mm step
LAKERS NOTEBOOK: Hill facing assault charges
Lol has gone from meaning, “laugh out loud” to “i have nothing else to say”
RT hits ATL today. Please take the time to visit the tent!
thats going on my iPod! great song ;))
Good to see some Personal & the Pizzas and at Late Bar last night. Go see 'em at tomorrow night: emptybottle.com
can I believe I don't smoke weed no more
WINTER ROCK SHOWCASE FINALS 2nite HIGHWAY 4-INDECISION-WINE & SPIRIT-THE HAWKEYES. Tix at door only $5. 21+. Come See The Show
uch uchm (clear throat). "Momma Made Me Mash My M&M's" Yes, some do call me the song bird of our generation.
Minor theft on the outside back dock -- a sign of the times...
I will never forgive you for venturing back to hell...FACT
Lunch is always a bright spot in the day
We're counting down to tonight's Game 6 of Stanley Cup Final here in Boston. Full breakdown at 5:30 on
Pretty sure everyone in this city knows everyone else or they will eventually...
I hate that likable characters die, but I love that it complicates things.
hah go! Fish tacos combo for 4$ aha
Getting fadded at the bar with & !!!!
I try to tell my mom a joke, she doesn't think it's funny and it turns into a life lesson...
#NYC_Since_1987 i followed ur Official Page :)
good to see you too! you can now add bench building to your repertoire!
Nice magazine cover ESPN. What an amazing last day of MLB season. Historic night never to be forgotten!
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
how's family day?
I did buy a new one for actual graduation! But it's for all the other events that weekend hehe
I've been spending time with my girlfriend!!!! Also, been writing a ton of music with my new band;)
Definitely needed for the work day :) MT : Agree! Or get through a work day! #ThankYouMusicians !!
you should go back to those days :)
R I P B.Murphy the world has lost another beauty
Introducing Coffee That Will Change Your Life =)
RT "Some part of a mistake is always correct." - Savielly Tartakover
hanging around the city for the championship game?
any interest in 21 Jump Street or The Raid: Redemption. Heard good things from both.
Oregano' Tonight for Pizookies!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it was for your own safety!
Sure you'll do great, and hopefully you look photogenic in #Instagram photos, as there will be a lot of those being taken, ha!
lmao the guy just said its him hahahaha XD
Tnx and for RTs! All, follow - great stuff on #LCWR & all things
I have decided to sell my 2 #creative genius domain names. Just need to clean house.
I will save it for coffee ;-)
My solo show opening reception at R. Coury Fine Art Gallery in Savage Mill is TONIGHT from 6 to 8pm. See you there!!! (Details on my blog.)
Mercury Undercover is live on Vudu.
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
Somethin' 'bout Portland... :)
btw, an e-version of Apocalypse Cakes is coming out soon that you can pay for with the price of a tweet.
loving the paisley print and the bling!! So pretty! Another winning outfit!
Anyone know what the single or double white line(s) between highway lanes signify? Didn't think so.
i dont hate you as person and i dont affect me if you date with JustinBieber
you already know:-) Lol
#imabadbitch is probably the best hash tag beside
that's what she said. Morning after pill
See you there!! RT : Stoked for the bout this weekend !!
All i can say is GO Baby GO!
CE CE: Real Singer! And a respectible view of Godliness!
Haha it's my company fool! I started it with Kelly.Thats awesome! When I get my Disneyland pass re-newed, we have to go!
Thanks, Joy! I loved the photos of you on 's blog today - you and Ruby are the cutest!
girl. Lemeee find out ? You and jasmine into it ! Ha la'scary as lmfaooo
Sweatbox Yoga wore me out.
"Double, double, toil and trouble; / Fire burn, and cauldron bubble!" -William Shakespeare, Happy Halloween!
I crack up when you refer to your kids as humans, so cute and funny!
Just heard the news about "Duck" Dunn passing away. He's a bass player I always admired. Sad to hear he's gone.
NO JUMPERS!
Ran into an old valentines day card which brought back memories ^_^
Tonight for to destroy it who's coming let me get some RT
its have a good time or kill ya self cause whats the point if you dont feel ya self?
Storyopolis Entertainment excited to recieve new work from Peter MCcarty From his fabulous work from Hondo and Fabien other picture books.
I realized only after I had introduced myself - I forgot to say my title at PayScale :)
Were I an enemy of true Christianity, I'd toss my head back and laugh @ how so-called Christian Right spreads prejudice & hate.
wait. Are you tomorrow or is valerie?
Lawlz I never said that xD
Why are all the conferences I want to go to at the worst possible times on the worst possible dates?
I don't use Mac...Maybe try copying pages into word and printing that to PDF...I have done that..but usually just for images...
Boys are annoying omg
Just started watching the show today... just saw the finale.. you are my favorite one already... Pick'em up and knock'em down
Supporting troops through the direct action of providing a job opportunities is noble. Please help recommend PurplePlacement.com to friends.
The early bird registration price deadline for the #delmarmudrun has been extended til July 1st!
Where have they got you this morning?
Ugh.. Taking a quiz every 15 min is making my head hurt..maybe it was the bottle of chardonnay i consumed in less than an hour last night.
so cute! A friend of mine is starting a non-profit animal transport organization. Exciting to help animals!
Not a trace of any ants, roaches, bugs in the Homeless Coach thanks to Andy Howard's Pest Control donating a monthly pest guard service :-)
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)3
RT : If she sit on the sink and take a picture 10x out of 10 her ass flat.>>>lol
And it's only Tuesday. :'(
Hey - we're deciding which bands to cover at this year. Any names you want to throw in the fray?
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always be there for me .
and 2. Don't bury info about who you are 5 clicks deep on the site. Frustratedly yrs, Someone trying to get you some publicity. [-]
“: On another note, No one is worse than Maroon 5. Not even Kid Rock.” agreed...brutal acts all around
Did you see Red Tails yet? Wanted to get your opinion. I'm skeptical...but will most likely end up going to see it.
I knoww im excited! :)
Phylogica (ASX:PYC) announced a Collaboration & Option agreement with Janssen for new classes of drugs from PYC's Phylomerâ peptide platform
Spot trending now in Torrance, CA: Kings Hawaiian Bakery & Restaurant - Asian (live updates)
You rocked last night at the game. Great performance, great victory. The World was watching!
John Coltrane and Michael S Harper and students know neither, until today.
got is better. For shame.
Okay computer, you are turning a 2 minute email into an hour ordeal....
thanks! Sometimes I think there's a hive mind!
I need to learn how to keep friends lol
I'm over due for a trip back. It will be soon.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out you forgot your protein shake & rush home to make your 2nd glycogen window
Thanks for follow! We hope you have a great week!
RT : In life, you are where you are of your own doing.. don't blame others for the life YOU make for yourself!
Going to sleep already! Goodnight beautiful followers :)
One of these days I should probably do my homework....maybe.
shiiiiiiiddddd I'm talkin bout it like 3 4 times a week bro
Sorry I couldn't go with u to the movies last weekend, I didnt have any $$$
I wouldn't think that 50k is possible, but then again I never thought they'd get 40k until it happened last year.
What's it really mean that Melloy Dodge is locally-owned? It means our company invests money back into New Mexico instead of other states.
Cab drivers on the whole don’t dress very snazzy, and not all cabbies speak proper English, including some of the foreigners.
Thank you!!
Will you stand for this ? RT: : Tonight, about to break Alec Baldwin’s record for playing Costa Mesa, CA. 1-0.
Me too! It'll be the second iTunes movie I'll ever buy.
o hush your mouth, what's wrong with gettin one
I am. I can honestly say #Crossfit is the best thing i have done for myself in a long time.
Haha well if your up... U should work. Or at least come visit me at work.
#WELL DONE ONE DIRECTION TT IT!!
Q: Is it just me or is it hot in here? A: It's just me..
yo u should
RT : Hate to see kids play with Dollars I always think it could have been on a strippers butt or something .
you name the time & place... I'm just surfing the wave.(very open, in other words)
“: I am reading this article and I am just like wow” These are the times he was speaking of
black and gold.
All i wanna do is get to Top
Were watching a movie
The house that Madea built burns down in Atlanta. #CNN reports no injuries from 4-alarm fire at Tyler Perry Studios.
Crying @ 5 in the morning can't be good...
I hate texting !
its only for a couple of days (:
"Protection from who, Tommy? Zee Germans?" YES! ZEE GERMANS! REAL MADRID IS GOING DOWN!
why you no follow me edstaaaaaa ):
He did recommend book, Andy, which is why I ordered it and am reading & loving it right now my own self.
Love happy hour there! Such great deals.
Everyday seems to get more and more amazing when im with her! She is the most amazing girl in the world (:
Never underestimate anyone. For everyone is given something that other people don't have.
Nothing manic about this Monday :)
The Silk Tie likes Joe! I am not afraid to ask you if you wear ties :) thesilktie.com
Ah the joys of breaking into a new workflow!!
Thank you everyone for coming out...purttty certain our guys r safe for the next round!! VEGAS You impressed & shocked us all on Easter TYTY
no actually it was you. Funny story
at the Alamo getting a filet mignon steak. <3 this is a treat since the steak itself is 30 bucks! gosh.
lol, I wish! but I'm REAL short on $$ right now... so idk about that. :\
kind of like all of the new facilities we paid for and couldn't use... Rpac comes to mind
I need a photo crew to run a photo booth on May 19!! Can you help?
unexpected appearance by #petergabriel in my pandora radio feed. the afternoon improves dramatically
bummer. Thanks for the info!
That is the best fortune I've ever seen come out of a cookie.
Click, clack, bang, bang, we in the murda bidness.
#RETWEET If yu ever got in the shower nd forgot yu had your socks on.
Just realized Glee is on ... and there's five minutes left in the show.
EXTERMINATUS!!! *gobbles up all the cheese*
That certainly doesn't help, but he was clearly swinging because he felt he had to. Just was more outside than the previous one.
If u favorite your own tweets you a conceited little bastard ha
any great specials tonight? :)
Did you guys know Apartment Therapy has a "classifieds" section? Um,
This is madness.
Vegan & Vege Game Prog: #IHaveAnIdea! How bout a 'Reality' game of working @ a factory farm or Become the fastest slaughterhse worker! 31512
#2Chainz had a daughter and named her 2 Necklacez
Last week for the Westward Bound projection @ the African Burial Ground
Me cursing? Idk what your talking about haha
I feel ya girl. I need a glass of something..I dont drink wine
Thanks for the follow, We love the work you're doing - can't wait to see what's next!
hehe true! I love our talks! So much comedy mixed with so much anger and confusion!
Ladies you better be getting your paws on these new tees that were released on Valentines day especially for yall!
Our 49 Alaska Writing Center write-a-thon was terrific. An amazing turnout with over 70 local participants. Thanks to all!
Make sure you get a variety of vegetables as well as some nuts and seeds, eggs, fish, and lean meats for - Vitamin B and healthy skin.
Update: my new album is in. yay!!
Stats that don't mean anything. RT : 20.5% of Democrats in NC are saying "No preference > Obama"
C'mon , we are way funnier than !! We are "Rib Tickling" funny...Get it? HAHA!
Congrats to today's winner, Asha Bee! Only 4 days left for a chance to win your mom a FUMI Bracelet Pursehook!
The one year I had to pay the IRS, I wrote "for bombs" in the memo section of the check. I just got out of prison yesterday.
I'm always wrong. Don't know why I even try anymore.
I know exactly what feeling you are talking about.
Great board meeting tonight. Excited for all the future events and ideas
Sleepy after a long day of cooking playing hillbilly golf, Frisbee, and spending time with the family outdoors
Oh. Yeah but they usually just go into the tanning bed thing.
those mountain top buildings r sweet! So which 1 will u be adventuring to 1st!?!
Bases are loaded because we just walked three people... Wow...
Just want more sleep!
last night was crazy! #snorenomore party was awesome!
nope, watching from afar ...
Ron #Paul says he will end active campaigning in the #GOP presidential race but will continue efforts to win delegates at state conventions.
I speak the truth.(:
Raining outside not cool messed my field work up lol
What about the CMS??
can I atleast know what it is...? wtf are you making me that took you three hours?!?!! #Excited :))))
You have a lot to live up to after seeing !
I have a leaky window. WHERE THE FUCK IS FEMA?!?!
o how yhu make dat heart
Taking Auditions For Singer's Or Rapper's Hit Me Up If You Wanna Try Out -KaeSmoove
go girl! Lazy can be good and needed some days ;)
Things change, friends leave, but life doesn’t stop for anybody.
Agreed. Hopefully they'll both be able to return again soon without fear of arrest or protracted court hearings.
I Heard Your A Player Nice To Meet You I'm The Coach !
lol no you're not normal you're just a jealous hater.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of #Titanic's voyage and tragic sinking, visit Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition during Centennial week.
most unromantic thing I've heard all week!
your sore because you worked out, right? ;)
Agreed but Cerrone can take a punch! RT : Great fight... I give Diaz all 3 rounds, Cerrone should've followed up the sweeps.
My dad won't let me get a tattoo, and it's really hard for me to save my money. /: lol.
thanks for the mention Caroline! : )
Gostick: For the most impact, recognition needs to be given at least every 7days and should be specific
#HellOnWheels is the best show on TV.
hopefully this december or january 2013
making the world safe one block at a time
8700 at the dinner break. Still steaming over my two hand penalty.
Met with folks yesterday. The direction they are going is gonna revolutionize photography and eventually video
Lakes RT : My team came to play!
When i said i loved you, i wasn't lying ........and right now i'd be lying if i said i didn't love you still <\3
#newpuppy oh I did not see the photo.. so cute! cocker spaniel. :)
Oh true and we should do that .
Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival 2012. Come show your #NPHWff love! Only at
"assessment/quest"
No sleep tonight.
thought you went to bed lol
We have 12 guys taking on the Steak Challenge so far but no ladies! Anyone know a girl with a healthy appetite? :P
Your last recourse against the unknown is how you act. If you can’t control outcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour. -Taleb
---The farmer channels water to his land,the fletcher whittles his arrows.And the carpenter turns his wood.So the wise direct their mind."
when your in touch with the holy spirite you can see things others can not and somethings are scarry but, God will keep u safe lean on him.
Assuming you do avoid being ignored, your next challenge is to avoid being forgotten.
Epicurean Lite production is wrapped for this week. Don't miss our next week, place your order online at www.EpicureanGroup.net
cool- nice to meet you!
might if just bided enough!
having a teacher on facebook is pretty creepy....
Got Me Addicted To The Song Moves Like Jagger(: <3
#WeWontWork if you can't accept me for who I am & want me to be someone I'm not.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Nashville! What to do?
Visit the "Music" tab/app on my fan page for a free download of "Secret!" Happy Holidays and (almost) New Year everyone!!
who gives a fuck?
Alice Cooper and David Spade taking in after enjoying Monkeypod earlier in the week.
Happy Birthday Man! Let me know if you go out celebrating this weekend at all.
über wealthy recovered their income by 2010 everyone else is still struggling
Lotus Temple New Delhi | Travel Guide
Thanks for the shout out ! It's true! We do! : D
Damn sucks! I did that on Monday. RT : Im really not trying to work this 9 to 9!
Chatting w/ big daddy on your radio next @ 7:10. Crank it on !
ALways looking for the next gadget AT&T and DIRECTV Sign Three-Year Extension Agreement to Deliver AT&T | DIRECTV Service to AT&T Custome
Sex and hollywood, sex and hollywood. Sex and hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
it was under my fitted sheet on my bed... Haha I feel like a dumbass
RT : YES THIS IS CHANGE WE CAN BELIEVE IN ! #OBAMA2012 !
Nice! I would have done the same. What kind is it? It is gorgeous!
happy easter... now take dem babiez to find sum eggs...
Ever notice when you forget about somebody they tend to pop back in you life
has the jitter bug.
can we please referr to Peter by his birthname now-DICK!
More #SoMeAwards winners to be announced after a short cocktail break. Priorities :)
Trust is a big fucking deal.
Heh, I know the feeling. Today's the first day of Easter Term.
Oh look Alvarez just dove....oh look he did it again
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 have signatures at the end of your texts -_-
Nice! Next on the agenda: setting the date RT : can't commit, but would like to stay in the loop.
How common is it for a worm to be in, or atleast to put a hole in an apple?
The perils of mixing spicy food and running are well documented. ;)
Thanks for the follow ! I'll be watching for fantastic family deals to tell the MK readers about :)
More like falling in love than something to believe in!! More like losing my heart, than giving my allegiance.
": This lady is soaking wet with hard nipples Lmfao, done."Lmfaooo, just made my day.
I see you Uptown
Trying to book me get at me
Tonight at the Launchpad Domestic Disturbance with Caustic Lye, When Darkness Falls, and others Doors $5 sponsored by Archetype Dermigrap
How is Illinois?
Walmart Stores Bring NASCAR Driver Appearances, Fan Events and Unique Race Time Experiences to Kansas and Missouri
Stephen #Colbert is all over #Radiohead's dick right now.
Fred's Bar tomorrow night takes over it's Ladies Night...you all should come!! It's gonna be a great show! Live Band!
Two mojitos for lunch, yes please. Sunny day getting even brighter
not afraid to say i do it bc Lil Wayne does it
one and dones mostly
Why I love
Do you do any weights?
We do all sorts of surveys. I'm just kinda in the loop w/this question.
Obama touts tough stance on illegal #immigration, calls for immigration reform.
I'm @ CRISP Pizza Bar & Lounge
Penn Quarter Condo- chic 2br/2ba, balcony, TWO-car garage parking... Coming soon. Staging in process...
Breaking News: Gaddafi has offered to leave Libya if the #Oscars will end immediately.
pls follow me back :(
off to speak at All Saints Church in Pasadena, with guitarist Paul Viapiano. Gotta beat the marathon traffic...
it LEIGH not lee
The book is amazing, and was totally worth the 7,000 tissues I used, but I understand why it would be hard to read.
Would have been nice to visit ...": Our last lockdown in Houston may be our highest level of activity in years.... Holy Shit ...
Feelin like a million bucks.
. that's right! Just in VA: 84,977 seniors have saved $49 million on Rx drugs thanks to the
Swear I just saw Rick Ross on the highway!
hahaha this had me weak when i read it... ;) alyssa is a virgin... #whydoyouthinknot?
Got my Cell Shield SM5100B from as always the red packaging box is just beautiful!
omg u're incredible*·*' I love u so so so much.
$400 to Boston is INSANE
We are huge fans of your technical service! So far so good working with you guys, plus the speed is awesome!
How did I not see that when I was younger?
Lawmakers Wade Into Partisan Dispute Over Student-Loan Interest - San Francisco Chronicle
RT": "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." —Carl Jung #TDL"
It just makes you look stupid. & once the next new hot act comes along you'll go to that one again, and the true fans will stay.
3 days until #smallbizsat! Shop Small and come and see us!
when I come to Florida , I got you . No lie
Sun chips garden salsa is so good
ok so me, Jon, and Carly Rae Jepsen are allowed over
my phone is messed up what is it little :)
No, just seeing who has.
somebody Kik me? ;)
Bike Expo today down at State Fair... head on down and register for the Ride- $5 off!
I Love How You Say It But What Does That Mean Babe ._.
messaged you on fb since i could write more than 140 characters hah. :)
Good morning everyone and Happy Friday!
Hey costume peoples - I've had a request of where to find 40's style dresses near Calvert County - College of So. MD? Thrift stores?
#eighty81 #hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E
Snoop Dogg's voice>>>
There is a place for receivers who can't catch - it's called the defense
San Diego we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
my boy I miss u Odee how u been
are you still supporting the app? saw that the forums on web are turned off...I seem to have issue getting quads to display ok
its priceless :)
On our way to Boston for PAX East! But first - waiting for the bus in Bangor.
hmm what to wear for the Cincinnati Entertainment Awards tonight? Have to try and look cool while not looking like I'm trying too hard.
Yes I have silver streaks in my hair, no I don't want dye it.
Sam freaking Dekker. Dude is gonna look great in red and white next year!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>RT : For real though, Leticia is perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Thinking about Rocky Road ice cream! <U+2764><U+2764>
There is a limit to what I can, but there is no limit what God can do! Believe.
: happy to sully the guest room, if you'll have me. April 11, yes?
LEBRON JAMES IS THE BIGGEST FUCKING BABY IN THE NBA! HE NEEDS TO SHUT HIS FUCKING MOUTH!
woo :P
Good luck to the boyfriend on his interview today!
Im gone to the moon
We just got fliers in at our library advertising Elie Wiesel's talk at XU next month. Did a happy dance. Anyone else going to this?
I keep thinking about how Steiner men's bball came close to winning district championship Fri against a team that beat'em by 60 last year.
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away
#edtech & friends - How do you learn about new ideas for teaching? Who on Twitter most inspires & influences your pedagogy?
- great job this year, enjoy the summer...you sure love that blue line drop pass on the PP!
"That's a lie, Corey, in case you're too stupid" made me spit out my water. Thank you
Via stalkbook, I see one of those 'trending articles' is about gymnast Shawn Johnson losing 25 pounds. She didn't need to. Asshole people.
you are followed by someone I followed - I think. And you're in Portland.
why is this not okay chicken?
okay i sent it over
I really would like to talk to you.... about the horrors of mothers plights out here. Pamela Taylor
I know!!..And with the whole keyra hate thing. Those who hated on her cuz ppl though they were dating are pathetic.
thank u for the #ff... much appreciated!
Not really, which is just what I need!!! Have a great weekend!!!
Great hanging with you yesterday Joe!
« Im convinced that every girl that uses thr word classy to described themselves r real Ratchitty...»
#songsthatgivemegoosebumps when im gone -eminem
Going to see Girl w Dragon tattoo:). Bring on the popcorn!
Placed my first order today! Can't wait until it arrives!
A stopped clock is always right.
Championships, baby. But offense is more fun to watch.
I'm jealous of him Chad. He gets to work next to greatness all day. Good news for you, Kovalchuk is out tonight.
Please follow me on Instagram () :-) I'll follow you back!
Its the damn baby brigade at the dog park today..ish!!
Does anyone know how to change there ring back tone for when people call?
you contacted me remember? asking to stop talking. I never said she was not hardworking. Am I not entitled 2 have an opinion?
Tweetup is this evening starting around 6pm at Totally casual. Just hang out time. Join us!
by the end of "Baby on Board," the company will have learned that being kind to your fellow man is more important than money
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this! Thank you for the reminder as I get everything set up for my business! love the #PIOP philosophy
Sam needs to fight and not hide from Lilly That's why white people talk big and do nothing
my Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...75 days left as an unmarried woman!
Too bad you can't order pre-order singles from Amazon MP3 store
I'm working on that as well. I'm interested to learn about the tools you use to retrieve data through the Twitter API. Ruby?
you're welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed the game. Just landed at Midway. Camp was great. Will have tons of stories tomorrow
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
That awkward moment when you get unfollowed by one of your favorite people, unbeknownst to them obviously.
If I wanted to follow you, I think I would have done it by now. Some people need to learn they aren't that popular.
I hear ya!
Well option two is not gonna affect your health so yeah go with #2 and shoot the link ;-)
what???? That's crazy! You can always come chill here if you need to.
These are the hidden perks aren't they?
#BuckeyeNation wants !!! Great things will happen with you as a Buckeye. Look forward to your decision.
thank you!
Can't I just be skinny cause I'm a nice person? Do I have to work out?? I look SO stupid weight lifting.. not to mention running.. fml
4 days away. Project road trip begins Friday night.
I can't that Mr. Conservative is actually tweeting.....well, don't get use to it!
almost dropped you in cheerleading today.
That awkward moment where you are standing by your crush and the hallway gets filled with kids and you guys have to stand even closer.....
Don’t forget to stop by Sleep Experts (2701 Parker Rd) today from 6-7p for your chance to win Round Rock Express tickets!
What motivates you??
Change Your Environment to Change Your Life
#MyFavoriteSongis Safe and Sound by Taylor Swift, that's a legit song!!!
Just saw you on #twittamentary it is great dude
Butter poached shrimp with heirloom cornmeal crepes, chanterelles, melted onion, smoked tomato, and feta
Going to be a douchebag and sport my IB sweatshirt for SATs. People will think I'm smart and then copy off of me. Then I'll laugh.
Today is a good day :-)
Lots of ppl go the curriculum route n put a lot of thought in2 that. Unschooling even stranger.
AND BI's comparison is important based on premise that GDP/hours worked is a valid measure of a country's productivity.
Pick, pass, back screen, pass, pass...arrange those in any order as many times as you want then put #ISO for #Melo at the end..
its cold in my house.
your welcome
Big, comforting hugs to you and yours.
#RelationshipsAre 2 ppl trapped on an island hunting eachother for sport
If Somebodyy Say Y.O.L.O One More Time....!
#itstimeforyoutorealize national Bieber day is a real holiday.
I fell victim to that today. Started receiving random texts. Are you going to any games, this weekend
Watching #thekilling before bed is never a good idea
to all the girls that call guys a douche bag. do you know the actual meaning? if you did...youd reconsider using the term "douche bag"
"life could be sweet but life is so cruel cause I let it be"
I kind of don't care that Minecraft is coming to Xbox 360. I already have FortressCraft, which is quite fun.
Welcome to Twitter. Do we get anything for being your first follower?
So bored in homeroom class -.-
Snow storm isn't stopping us from renting at the lovely Belden Stratford. Come in to view our newly renovated apartments.
Get after it!
good point; the guide doesn't really try to document search responses since they are decidedly second class (in notes at top)
I miss you too baby! I need my Tritown girls back.
Happy Mayday! go celebrate by picking up the newest issue of featuring on page 13! With picture!
Plus, this is a very easy diet to follow, at least in my view
have you guys heard I "Quiettube?" it's YouTube w/out all the background and shows up really well on QR codes?
cant you tell ... im crazy over you?
Happy New Year can't wait to see what you guys bring to 2011!
haha, never start on just a foot, jump n land with both feet,
Hello to you all! I look forward to chatting
8 planes in February so far. 4 to go.
All I want to do is dive into my summer reading list. But alas, I still have one more paper to write for grad school. So very frustrating!
Oh I didn't catch up on tweets until now. It's my turn to giggle :))))
“: Twitter Over Capacity? Rick Ross must have logged in.” dang
Congratulations!! I love you guys!! Can't wait for details!!
looks like it to me I love the page
Found amazing bridesmaid gifts for great prices! Customized clutches & jewelry for my girls
Type "Let it snow" for some Google snow. And defrost.
Endlessly fascinating and horrifying. She kills us until we see that we die, then kills herself. One of best sphinxes ever.
well I did so ha. Celeste, Cilla, and Sebastian saw me do it.
Sorry, it sounds like you are having a bad day.
No new mentions..
Meeting someone in the wierdest way, then they are a huge part of your life.
Meaning it's difficult to compare military hospitals to civilian ones
#2011regrets None. Sad to say some were bad, but no regrets because whatever decisions I made, satisfied me at that specific moment and time
The lord saw me throw another shift... We lost a sweet woman last night and even the short time I knew her it was a blessing <3
I Have So Much To Do Between Today & Tomorrow... Smh
Looking For The Haircut Of your Life Call US 305.866.1940 Best Barbershop in Miami The Shave Barbershop!
Long chat giving a teen database instruction ends w/ her asking "Life skills survey, Burger King or McDonalds?"
. Find a way to get (indie) booksellers involved, and I can't imagine a more powerful ménage a trois... ;)
"you just hear 'for sparta!' And the coyotes break in haha" "why would they be doing it for sparta?"
can't wait! I'll play the snaps!
Oh yeah. I thought you meant recently or something
Life is good...considering the alternative.
What happened to Pablo Sanchez? He was such a promising young athlete
Hell yeah its dope! Im going to be seeing him in NY for EDC
the song that makes me happy right now is KNEE DEEP by the Zac Brown Band, featuring Jimmy Buffett - listening over and over
students can support educational mission 2 overcome #prejudice #intolerance #bigotry.Join student assn
heyy im back
Uh no RT Best media strategy in sports? Bar none UFC Is killing it Just might be the model for sports teams to follow
yeahh. I'm okay. Just gonna sleep it off
It's a fine line... Lol
Time for my good church nap
yes.i am a #directioner. i sing their songs randomly in the middle of class. so what? they are beautiful. #onedirection <3
awh, thankyou! :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>I'm really sick. I have a fever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
funny guy and a heart of gold?
that's terrible!
Depending on what you use your phone for, the advantages of iOS often outweigh the awesome things in Android.
Still trying to get north of D.C. Making progress.
#ConfessionNight I'm from Arizona!!!!
The reason they all choose Adam Levine over Christina Aguilera is they want a coach that had a career not 15 minutes of fame.
i just added u on roc. wow!! u have sum clean ass mixes and nice melodies and rythms. i like it
There is a fog springing from dew to cool air this evening...
Thanks for all of your support Dave! RT : Awesome meeting of the minds w/ team tonight! Great things in store.
I am way behind, but it is fine.
that sounded reeeeallllyyy wrong lol . i think is creeped out :P
okay!!! Maybe Friday I can :)
LOL but u don't go downtown :p. thannks HAPPY *almost belated* EASTER TO YOU GUYS TOO ^.^
THEY DONT NEED TO KNOW<U+2665>
The shows today at QVC were stupendous!
That Tweet Was Dumb As Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit , I Swear .
he decided not to come on until eleven, show started at 7. We left at ten thirty so we didn't even see him!
Blended learning is not about the tech, but about sustainable, holistic instruction.
LMFAO! XD Don't you just hate random boners? xD
Welcome to Portland! Let me know if you want some sweet photos done while you're here!
No Inge..where have I heard that one before? Oh yeah, #Tigers didn't have Inge offensively the last three years before he left
#FooFighters brought on Butch Vig, cool, long live Seattle grunge!
I wanna get my belly pierced, like right now C;
Oh I want a crave cup :)
Why do you continue to teach the period before break ?
Thanks for spreading the word about our Happy Hour Mai Tais!
big up the mavs!!!
Damn dude u c Nikita last night? It was awesome. It also got renewed.
two killer shows in one week! hope you and Julia enjoyed MKE and hanging with all the come back soon, please!
if i was keef, i'd take the free verses and co-signs but wouldn't sign with ANY of them dudes.
Q: How do you make a day-laborer cry? A: Offering them an unrequested, ice-cold Dos Equis seems to do it, apparently... (whoops)
& 2 girls have taken over
come to my festival this saturday
flies should not be the size of quarters
I want to learn at #slbootcamp to take ees who only know f2f learning to social and mobile learning and how I can iuse ipad2 in training
this is a rough inning.... ouch.
hectic week ahead.
Of course the game is rigged. Don’t let that stop you – if you don’
:) Hey is there going to be basketball tryouts this year in school?
well a girl with junk in her trunk driving a dump truck its awesome ur gonna cause accident lol
This was fun, until Twitter just put a limit on me...okay okay okay...stay positive...I positively hate limits!
Holy crap, y'all.
Please check out my Gameboy games and systems for sale on eBay if you are into that kind of thing. Search reedy9er - thanks a lot!
Guys are so predictle -.- , They think their foolin ' everybody , well sweetie your not foolin ' me (;
If ever there was a time to use apostrophes, that was it. Surely, your phone has buttons for that sort of thing. No auto-correct?
wsup with u? How r u?
1yr ago-Death, Broken home, GainingFriends, TrueFriends, Streets, Tears, Cuts.. Today-Memories, Scars, Fights, Losing Friends, FakeFriends..
Nice to meet you. What part Michigan are you from?
In-Ko-Pah = "Place of the Mountain People" Bike through Valley of the Moon and find the Elliot mine and Smuggler's Cave....
That's good, yu get that paper sweety =) I thought I show love to ya
Goodmorning! Everyone have a great day! (:
Im sleepin butt necked 2nite! u only turn 16 once
please don't do that. U r a Beautiful person. I would like for u to continue to follow. Be happy!
Were there rumors in TN about his off the field antics?? Sad all the way around.
Oh lol okay
Put a starter in to close the game, Jesus Christ. Bullpen can't do shit.
How Are You? =3
#Monday Mention
March Madness Specials in Mammoth! Come stay with us. We have only a few units left for this week-end.
I just did when tweeted xD
you guys are awesome - have a great weekend!
Who else is watching the #BigGame today?? We have to say, our favorite commercials so far are the VW commercials! What's yours?
your tattoo is still so bad ass!
if i was to fuck with anyone in show biz it'd be jennifer lopez and puffy u know this! sorry puff but i dont give a fuck if this chick...
Do you have Timberlakes cell?
That was epic ... I have no idea what just happened with that. Mind blown.
Members from Argentina, Turkey, and India at #AIIP2009. Awesome!
The Nonce-"Bus Stops" was the 1st new 12" I ever bought. Had a dope Bside called "Who falls apart" +an Aceyalone intro.
Cheers to and Great #SDMNOmothersday event last night ladies So excited about my goodies :)
lol just say it :P
Today is already ruined! Great fucking way to start out the day all thanks to my mom, should've expected this.. leaving later for dinner.
Jonny Bones sir. He's on a roll. Im thinking Shad = past prime. #UFC RT : Who is winning, evans or jones?
Thanks for posting this! Love this shot! I will share it with Hector.
That's why I love JunOS.
And??? Lol RT : Oh my... It's 740!! RT I just wanna cum on my "baby daddy's" dick abt 4 X's then take a nap
T-mobile service in my parents house is horrible SMH.
yep “: I actually really like the Tywin/Arya scenes. Good chemistry #GameOfThrones #AManWithoutHonor”
You like Wells or Bell better? Thx for landing me in 2 FFB Superbowls this weekend!!!
Now some other chick goin get the man I was soppose to marry oneday smh
then let's make it happen.
No, but that's a fascinating idea. Wonder if it could be built out algorithmically from a big corpus of newspaper articles.
#444 how long have u been a fan of the wanted??
About to see BARE, produce by at
thank you very much. I appreciate that.
Nice video!
I appreciate that, and we do appreciate your thoughts on this one, too.
that's a staple of every 40yr old Mexican guy at the gym.
Chabala is getting dropped from my fantasy team on principle.
I knew that
I know, on the other line of the text you are smiling, you might not be smiling on your face, but in your mind you are :) .
When I fall, I fall hard.
hello, I am on Twitter, please follow me so I have a follower
Guess the markets being closed today is not so bad after all.
“Great dancers aren't great because of their technique; they are great because of their passion.”
thank you so much for the shoutout!!! <U+2665><U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Stay tuned for an upcoming article regarding Expansive Soils Analysis and potential client benefits.
Successful shopping day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Aw, I didn't know she was a teacher? Lol!
RT : DOUBLE FAIL just found out mucky pup is playing in NJ with... DOG EAT DOG.
Omg! Food is horrible at this banquet! It's cold! The chicken is COLD!!
On this day in 1861, a riot erupted in Baltimore as the 6th Mass came through town, & Pres Lincoln declared a blockade of southern states.
"WHO ME?" feat. produced by - "I SUPPORT MY CITY vol. 2" 07.06.10 -- get up on that immediately
. I don't know what the kids think after the year is over, but I do know that I've been available each night this week as we wrap up.
car shopping/ test driving!!!
Hey I keep getting malware warnings when I try to visit your site, and just now something tried to download to my Mac!
But it's good to be careful, especially in G. City. Some neighborhoods are rougher than others, it's good to have a guide...
Good Morning!!! On my way to the gym to get it in... Then I have shed on some new music! I am ON ONE TODAY PEOPLE!!!!
Am shooting bricks with this thunder & lights, & the lights went out at my casa-_-
today is friday...listening to "cheers to freakin weekend"
I thought "RIGHT TURN ONLY" meant right turns only allowed. Funny driver ahead keeping us all waiting...
#HappyFriday to all the #Sportsbiz people!
What’s the opposite of opposite?
I guess my red converse aren't so lucky after all
Does anyone out there watch #DanceMomsMiami? I'm a new fan now.
Tar Heels on a 15-0 run!
Hate friends that copy everything you do
Philadelphia continues to struggle as an old foe haunts them again
JU Dolphins 2012 Spring Game is tomorrow at 1pm at DB Milne Field!
Even though I'm on my own, I know I'm not alone because I know there's someone, somehwere praying that I make it home.
So Insane - Smash Mouth
My dad is such a trip.
in the classroom i believe!
A special Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow "single" parents, who are both mother & father. I hope your day is as wonderful as mine :)
Thanks sister
You don't look a tweet over 10,000. RT 15,000 Tweets. God help me.
The moment when you feel like your nothing and just done but dont wanna give up because you love that person to much to let go</3
Auto Glass Experts, still A clear choice for all your auto glass needs. 414-409-7263. FREE mobile service with 25miles of MKE. CC ok
Tell Mintz-Plasse to follow me cause i told him he has not got to it DM him please
That's sucks. My ma went through it to. Positive energy
#nowplaying Herbie Hancock, Live at The Berlin Jazz Fest - 1999. Wow!
hahahhaha i know EXACTLY what you mean because guess what I ate all the bread 2 hrs ago so pancakes it is!!! LOLOL
There are 2 things to aim for in life- 1st to get what you want and after that to enjoy it!
<U+266B> pop it on the ground...make me roll on it <U+266B>
Pacific, you need to stop cutting grass and blowing leaves at 9AM. I really would enjoy one more hour of sleep
Jayda, You, Makayla, and I are hanging out after Makayla gets off work. :D
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.~J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
your not perfect so that is expected...we all do something wrong! Keep ur head up
i need more followers on tumblr,i follow back:-)
Awesome that you took the next step. It's hard work but I know you'll love training for it.
oh ok
Haha it gets addicting (:
I miss you most when i try to act like i dont care.
If anyone has questions for Clark Gregg (aka Agent Phil Coulson) you'd like answered, shoot 'em my way. I'm interviewing him in a few hours.
After months of flinging my iPhone across the gym by accidentally snagging my earbud wires, I finally got a set of bluetooth headphones. <3
Cait if its ok with you next time Luke is in town im paying for everything at DGI until he passes out
One hour til tip-off for Memphia vs LA Clippers. Blake Griffin and Chris Paul scheduled to play.
yeah me too :/ lol
Pretty sure he dropped off the face of the earth. But it looks like he's coming back in the movie Battleship this year.
Sunday afternoon naps = perfection
We got all the menus in yesterday for #fEASTival! Everyone better come hungry May 19th cause you will not want to miss what's cooking up!
Now officially addicted to
just had recruiter say: I can't fit you in a box so don't know how to work with you..yep, that post spoke to me..Happy Monday!
Knowing their affinity for those ESPN games, if ESPN needed 3 a.m. programming to follow World's Strongest Man, they'd be for it.
Your octopus are gorgeous!
Huff, the that I love to hate.
sweet dreams everyone and good luck to everyone taking the AP test tomorrow :)
I sit in a cubicle during the day and try to take pilates
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Acquires Twitter Analytics Startup SocialGrapple
I was involved in little league games that were played better than tonight. Ug. Ly.
ohh my god carly that looks so good! I'm so jealous that I can't do this!
no one realizes they were pretty doing the same b4 the earth quake why now is it cool to care bcuz mtv says so grow balls and a brain
congrats im crying like crazy
Or just jealous! Like me... (wishing I was eating a Tagalong)
Being so in love with someone that it makes you wanna cry every time you have to leave their side even though you were there for hours
60% of all social media consulting revenue is probably derived from fixing the "results" of wannabe experts' advice.
can't just tell me, cool !
Need something to occupy my time till Elder Scrolls V comes out..
Need a term analogous to "Rick roll" that applies to careless whisper. I'm never gonna dance again, the way I danced with you.
Will do.
I need a bike
lol, me too!
If my friends can easily do without me when I'm bad, I can easily do without them when I feel good.
My overall book reading has slowed down for August. WTF is going on???
We have a limited number of the new #iPad in stock in MIllersville & Lanham. Call to reserve yours! Millersville is open 9-1 Saturday
This makes me sad. You are such age nervous person with your time, talent and prayers, how could someone ignore you? Hugs.
its not too late
#harlem Calling all artists, musicians, dj's, & creative types. Please join us tomorrow for Unleash Your Creative Voice and Meet the Artist
It's called a joke guys.
I can't I am baking my mom a bday cake! RT : U should come see me
New video later today!
No problem! Thanks for your retweets. Have a great week and hang in there!
it's only slightly less than 82 degrees back in Syr
yes! hahahah. i think he lives like 7 or 8 hours away from me now.
awesome! thanks for that!
Go get one! lol <3 I love you! :D
'Boyfriend' was on TV and my little brother grabbed the remote and put Jake and The Neverland Pirates on... REALLY???
I just got the pictures today. I will post them as soon as I can on the Facebook fan page.
you mean when you said lobbsters?
So much a person can take
By the way, I know exactly what my last tweet said.
"America's Shittiest Kid"
Ikr! Dis Weak Ass Milwaukee Niggas Took His Life. Bum Ass Niggas Man
Great job Mark and staff on the scoop! RT : Koenig commits to Badgers, story on wissports.net
TGIF!!! Now, coffee.
let's go new York Knicks we need this win..
Lucie Guibault said Europeana held "hackathons" to improve the database. Let's hold an "Orphanathon" to craft principles!
So, #Astros are playing in Milwaukee tonight. Anyone know if that is a home or away game for HOU?!? [and yes I know what I just tweeted...]
Friendship is as delicate as glass – once broken, it can be fixed, but there will always be cracks
NO CONFIDENCE in AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey - AZ GOP Leadership NOT following Roberts Rules at State Convention -
Sorry I haven't been on for a while guys! I had some trouble with my internet :/
was just there a couple of weeks ago. not as amazing as a few years before. (think i already tipped off )
NO!!!!!! OMG!!!!!!! I can't believe it. I was just informed that #DonnaSummer died!!!! WHAT!!!?
I know, I miss you too! When can I see you again?!
do you have your daughter this weekend ?
Enjoy your last few minutes of zombie-free living before you spend all your time this week reading about The Walking Dead on
That awkward moment when Badgers get drafted and you're conflicted about rooting for them when they're not Packers.
Just had 2 ppl recommend a boxed wine at trader joes.. Equivalent to 4 bottles and only $10.. Should be an enjoyable experiment
JDI just trained advocates in WY. One said “As an aspiring therapist, this was eye-opening. I hope I can help the way you all do.”
after JCP let's send him to the DMV
nawwww when he died?
Congrats! That's pretty badass.
Not regular ink. But "EDIBLE INK" is edible (used for cake decoration and is a special formulation of food coloring)
Shapco printing did ours for Shout Out St. Kate's. Excellent job. Highly recommend them.
Hot Power Flow Yoga on the horizon.
A week until school starts. Eff that
Down to Earth by , Covered by <33
Nice story on reality check thanks
from now on, I'm tagging both of you in every instagram photo I take. Bc I love you :)
I think he should dm me back</3 Haha
please follow me :)
Thanks for mention! :)
Trying to make us all jealous?
Bosh hurt his groin might be out the rest of the game.
where are u from?
My window in my car just broke, so mom is now driving me to work. Things keep getting better and better...
RT: Talking with 's newest hire Isaac Hartstein. Interfolio grows! And welcome Charlie and Melissa!
a few more months on this contract. I am so done with this phone
hopefully your patient doesn't see this :)
If u follow me, then I will
yes. yes i do
gahh i have a show :/ what about tues?
(but 4E remains under the control of , who's not ready to leave the blogosphere just yet)
“: Why was #SOPA left off the memoriam bit? #Oscars”
I'm smiling and telling everyone how bruised my finger :D haha I love making people laugh <3
only when I am nervous.
definitely. The good news is that is going tonight.
Q: Do you worry that this will become a political tool?
"everytime I come in the kitchen , YOU in the kitchen .. In the got damn refrigerator!"
Absolutely beautiful out today.... and it snowed yesterday.
: I know how you feel being short isn't always easy.
don't expect to hear from on #Trayvon. She's busy persecuting young women with new shit-for-brains anti-choice laws.
Happy birthday Grandmaa
I CUNT SEE YOU ANYMORE WE THREW
you called that last year
Sorry I skipped a day, double up time. He's not complaining ha
lol we tried ! ALOT niggas just don't know basketball *shrugs*
Its been raining for the last few days. Plz let the sun come out now
i miss basketball
There's gonna be traces of my lipstick on his neck (;
. What opens .sgstn files? And is anyone providing a dictionary to decrypt the stegonographers' shorthand?
My damn head hurt like raw dick in a virgin o.0
Go on skype now we need to talk!
RT if you love Austin Mahone
the iPad is open!
Aladdin and Peter pan was and is my Disney crushes
o me to
“: Best friend time with !!! Getting our nails done for prom! I have the best prom date ever!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>”
its pretty obvious
ooh, I bought that today. Loved Queen of Shadows with the Austin setting. If only it were real...
Those hills were no joke, but and I survived the Austin half!
Its been a while, here we go! Life is good, work your ass off and enjoy it!
hey hey :)
No romance, no talkin, just sex
These pro-bowlers have worked their tails off all year to come to Hawaii and not give a rat's ass.
Thinking about the advice :: take for granted <U+2203> dimensions we don't have access to. Take as also true :: in each (topographic) civilizations
I respect a LOT he's one of my fav #NFL voices but if he jumped the gun on Shockey accusation he needs to come clean.
Its way too hot outsidee >.<
Alex or Phillips?
Tweeting during a social media lecture is so meta! RT w B Driving Biz w Social Media
Hey Fuji Fans. Join our text club &amp; have our BEST coupons go to your cell. Just text the word "FujiFanClub" to 96362 to join! It's FREE!
Who's the lovely lady in the old photo on your background?
miss you salon!!!! Come see us soon!!
Can we keep Lucroy at 2nd in lineup?
#ff I pant after these women
RIGHT BACK ATCHA! RT : Two more
Thanks for following #RVA #history lover!
i Wonder if i would still luk coo if i turnd my twists into shakable dreads
I grew up in here, so got to love it too ;-)
I love that i just saw a college football ad on #fox during the #Daytona500! Its only 7 months away. Dont want it to sneak up.
I hire you if I was running TNA.
haha good size and he can climb the ladder...dudes a player
Girl u r the best! Ride it till the wheels fall off. You're all good in Seattle.
Zapata, no you just looked like some one I knew.. Britney Spears?
Tomorrow you can start celebrating MT Not making this up, May is National Hamburger Month.
G+ grampuh.jerry
Happy Easter to all! Hope you have a beautiful weekend with family and friends.
no problem
This paper will never end... #:/
im going to be Really Sexy for the AVN!!
fox 59 just posted something about it on facebook.
No matter how much I tell myself , I won't lose control. One look in your hazel eyes & suddenly my heart can't tell you no.
Its official!! Makes the best imagines ive seen so far!!
We're supposed to hate her? I read the little thing in NYMag about her and was like, "OK."
And we both have strange throat pains that started a few days ago lol if I die, blame my sister.
ELMO ALL THE WAY :D
Yay! How'd it go?
So its true, I'm old and don't know my acronyms anymore. ;)
Hi Kat! Thanks for the nice compliment! Focused on evening now, #weddinggowns not far in the future!!! Is it your wedding?
oh really
I can't wait to hear watcha think!
too much energy drinks andcoffee.. F
I should pay more attention to twitter. Poor twitter.
one of my favs
I found out today that my wife and I are having a baby boy. Yeah! He'll arrive sometime in September.
My peoples mad
Mel!!!! Thanks for the follow!
The Twestival is coming back to Boulder. Stay tuned for more details..., It's gonna be even better than the last one.
Black widow at his house. He is resting now and doing okay. Got to get some sleep. Thank you everyone! :-)
why are we learning this?
Happy Sunday! Football or something...else (preferably something you can drink a beer while you do it)?
hard to say no
"don't want people to disturb my zen-like state" ha ha!
glad you no longer play for the #Rockies. Disgusted by your pathetic play. Have fun in Cleveland. Loser!!
Never mind my last tweet. Just got confirmation email that I'm registered for webinars! THANKYOU!
I'm at 70 followers, which is kind of exciting.
When Blevins gives you the death stare in the hall when you say hey...
If you think you have a foreign body in your eye and the irritation persists longer than a day, Visit the doctor to get it checked.
Who do you think will win today's Super Bowl -- the New England Patriots or the New York Giants?
Hell nah! He was way too far out to take that! Lol
Friends of Chamber Music presents Calder Quartet Classic Series tonight in Lincoln Performance Hall at 7:30PM.
Stuck in downtown Naperville, IL, all day. Downtown N'Ville is nice, but it's overrun w/ 13-15yr old girls. Surprised R. Kelly isn't here.
I wanna knw how many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur b-day is this month # Retweet:) #Team Aries an Taurus
Off to NYC.
it is funny comparing your account of game vs about Espinosa getting fouled
ehh kinda. What do u mean nickname?
it just became the even HAPPIER than Happiest Place on Earth! :)
I Am What I Am a #Rusher Get used to it!
it's a virus its sending everyone tht it's fake it's nothing wallah<U+263A>
we need to start a grass roots campaign to get you verified.
I'm really sick of in your face atheism. OH, your an atheist? Huh, I'm sorry I forgot I was supposed to care.
(Winston Churchill) Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
If you didn't see already, is doing a shoot with today at 2pm starting at the Little Italy stop. Join us!
aww now that is cute and thats why i followed u and thats why i RT this so i can hear ur voice :)
! Thank you for the amazing support of our up coming gala!
Take a look at The International Poker Rule #57.2 www.FIDPA.com
lol i <3 skittles.. and m&m's
Organically Grown ghd Wellness Food « Blogging Social: You can find natural health food selections in seasonings too which will unque...
wow... I thought you were going? Its obv you're avoiding me now. and I NEVER once mentioned your name in that.. soo
Wow! Just amazing....makes me sad I missed it! But I think it means Gingrich's got SC in his hand...
Watching movies about the slave trade <
hey justin when will the belibertour?
I mean, there are rules about what you're supposed to use it on, but everyone always breaks them.
nice tree.
Omg kill me this overnight will never end. :(
"Ijazah is like a certification to practice medicine, it is not a certificate of your own health." -Shaykh al-Hadith Mawlana Zakariya (R)
That doesnt sound good. :/
Amid iPhone 5 Rumors and iPhone 4 Price Slashing, Totem Encourages iPhone 4 Owners to Sell Now to Get Top Dollar
Nice! How do you find out about these teams? Pulse?
College students! Going to any NYC concerts or shows this spring/summer? Festivals? Let us know when and where!
Goodnight practice tweet-ers. Hope I see you in my feed tomorrow!
sometimes I have to fake it.
I know her vocals are amazing!
#rimshot RT : Just encountered a fox on And I don't mean the girl from Edgewater who jogs by every morning.
Some pol just be talking
Doing the #TalentShow at my school and my talent is DANCING im soo siked to dance making up my routine rite now
Sweet :) I'd love to visit brasil :P
Accidentally threw something away. Now debating digging through a potentially rat-infested trash can outside my building. Ah, such is life.
Thanks for the plug, Marco; it's appreciated!
Anyone watch football?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Today feel like it should be Thursday!
i am so in love with him right. Now.
OKOKOK hear me out. Philly shot 59% as a team tonight... That is unheard of for Philly. I think we'll be alright. But what do I know?
Baylor Bears Breaking Bad?
I know and Liam Neeson has to totally say it in his TAKEN voice.
RT : Attorney just followed me on twitter
Colorado: Where media can emphatically use the word DUMP and nobody bats an eye.
not very happy to think that being SAG-E doesn't mean much anymore.
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing Becaus Im gona stop when i die.Noo im still going to take care of him when i go to heaven.
I hate today already
Haha I know... One of the many things that bugs engineers :)
As I plunge into day4 of the quiche & mimosa diet, I'm realizing it's not so much a diet as it is a lifestyle commitment.
Highest theft 117,711 & lowest murder 323. theft may be high do to the accessibility to others personal objects.
with John Gilroy now with the leaders of the Greystones Group talking
I need a female that's gonna hold me down n not be afraid of the life I live . Steaight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>
I can think of five times in my lifetime when the Lakers have ousted the Nuggets from the playoffs. I will consider them a nemesis
Yep, and Valve knows their shit, gaming has changed a lot since hl2, tough to make a great game in the hl2 vein now.
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? <3
I text you later
Heyhotness will u follow I follow u now?
congrats guys
When are they gonna replay it..
They're not evil people because they're good at foosball. They're good at foosball because they're evil people!
Wow reffs. Way to shit the bed. Your career is over
Reggie Evans lowkey took all of Deandre Jordan's minutes
Wisdom begins at the end.
Turkey day today, shopping day tomorrow !
Good morning! How was everyone's weekend?
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
In no way does this end well.
That's what it's looking like.
The #AAM2012 program schedule is a little bit overwhelming, but it looks like it will be an exciting few days.
Lol RT : Lol has me more excited about this action role than she is..... Ha ha
heard its nice there
Man the suns coming up already ]:<
48 would be proud!
Okay this is pretty freaking cool
Sorry I didn't respond earlier. Did your daughter do her survey yet?
We've now processed 2323 linear feet. I'm having a hard time believing it.
When I yell those horrible words at you I hope u feel the venom I'm spitting at u through them.....karma is gonna get ya n u kno it
Your tweets just are getting on my nerves. Bye.
When I had a break in college I would get food or go on a stroll. Now I sit quietly in the dark hoping nobody knocks on my office door.
nosey insecure tramps!
The #Orioles sit atop the AL East. I'm savoring the moment.
Blast from the past.. thanks! u came at a perfect time..I needed to remember ;)
Hey Arnold!
I hope so! Laurinaitus is abusing his power & he really really needs fired! He's ruining the show! I have faith Cena will win! (:
Wow worst #vma opener ever! Gaga is so gross!
the #GoldenGoat makes all clear
Thanks, Mitch! :)
Such a pleasure to meet you. Best of luck! RT : Thank you David for the story! Love the introduction! "Holy Mackerel!"
“: Alot of request for that here at ” Great song!! When are we going to hear again?
aw that is such a lovely sentence :) hows teaching going? only a month or so til wind-down!
Here's the buy-in: each person in your group agrees to try to lose 10 pounds in 10 weeks
blocked "Green Child" on my page because "it may be owned by" That's 100% not true. Hey ADA, give me my song back.
Disruptor 4: co-creativity and innovation. Talent must be individually innovative and push for AHA moments
The State of the County is underway and packed with Elected Officials
Fell asleep for 2 hours after work...my muscles say no no no, but I have do get some form of exercise
she almost grown
#nowwatching The Butterfly Effect (:
INTEGRITY "It is easier to cope with a bad conscience than a bad reputation" Friedrich Niezsche
Come join #UNLVCSUN as they present the #Rebels fighting #obesity on May 5,10am-3pm. Support a great cause and have fun at the same time!
Great time at the #FashionStar premiere last night with and the DBA team. Congratulations, Elle.
im in diablo land :P
#teamtexans peyton wants to play for texans your takes in peyton Johnson foster mix up and peyton seeking revenge when he is released from
Haha I'm taller then you :) Finally I don't feel so small for once
Back in DC after my #PAS2012 workshop presentations in Boston. Lots to do today at #GWNursing!
haha yeah I'm kind of Expecting that /: Monday's are always exhausting :p
The Wildcat tonight again. Buckle your seat belts folks.
Chromosome theory (involving supermales) is an example of a psychobiological theory. Others include biochemistry & adoption/twins.
IM SO BOUTTTY
Be curious and focused, understand yourself, look at things from different aspects, make assumptions, have an opinion, learn from mistakes.
i'm in good company, then...
We are each responsible for all of our experiences
Mondays Happy Hours at Brio Flatiron
I love the online college ad that extols the virtues of going to college in your PJs - as if half the girls at Penn didn't do that anyway
that's so true! And I grabbed your arm because you seemed like you didn't want a hug..
I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Awesome #ESPN segment on your musical talents. Pleze RT Gotta get the wrd out! SWEET MUSIC!
"The cookie crumbles differently....in each package." LMAO. Very profound, Dr. O'Neal.
I wont b drinking til tonight if anything my head still boomin like shit
My dogs snoring and barking when she dreams <<
"but I'm not Mexican."
Any interest in partnering to make an iPad app, targeting schools, musicians, music teachers. Could be big. Ready to move fast. DM me.
Morning every one, hope you all have a great week end!
thats cool! So where do ya live? i live in Columbia, MO
Shouts out to my NIKE Fam! Looking forward the Nike Coaching Clinic this weekend
2 classes down. 2 finals and my guitar jury to go.
sounds good txt me
Why does cleaning take longer than messing it up!
Ugh, me either. I, of course, hope they win the series. They are rebuilding a/f this year in some ways, thought they start in Feb.
? what does that have to do with dara? xD lol
Ladies! We will never be able 2 get delivered 4rm guys who don't treat us right-If we continue 2 allow them to.
I guess the world is supposed to end at 6 o clock western time?!?
Such wonderful support from Debra, Mary and the Team!! Thank you!!!
RT : The spring makes you want to refresh your wardrobe? Start out with accessories! This slideshow will help you out:...
need to get one of those Egyptian throne chairs so you can sit and recite lines from ten commandments..hehe
Did you go to Club Walmart??“: Walmart Anxiety....uggghhh”
I get it, she's old and she can still "perform" but I'm not buying it
46% of Americans said that global warming made the summer East Coast earthquake worse. Something ain't right there.
Q being a puss and leaving cause of a little rain great crew
all the times i ever played Battleship, i never once imagined that the enemy fleet were aliens.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
We hope everyone has a safe trip home and a very Merry Christmas with their family and friends!! Oh & Happy New Year!!!!
I hate when she just say "k"
Finishing some epic logos for Action Advertising.
you need a tetna shot after that..those laundrymats are dangerous places :-\
so do u have a number? :)
Not looking forward to the 4 hour drive tonight after work!!!!!
I am impartial. I was in the #Indiana Senate chambers for the #smokingban debate. Just "quoting" what they were saying.
We live in a strange world.
lol of the day (lotd): IE has a limit of 31 CSS files per page <3
The leader leads, and the boss drives.~Theodore Roosevelt
don't get swept away eh
Josh Hutcherson Makes Us Smile :)
haha, I won't actually be in one! I'm in town for a week anyway, training and stuff
Tired as hell, this school year needs to end
#dalailama "usually when I talk, no notes, no preparation, because I'm lazy."
In America, more people trade kisses on Valentine’s Day than under the mistletoe on New Year’s Eve. skincarekrazy
I am DEFINITELY not cool enough for Diplo, but I will already be out, and it's free. : )
#Scandal is so good
Frustrated with agent, mailing to #indiepublishers on my own. Anyone with #indie writing experience have any advice? Recommendations?
nah You're not dumb.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
did I already write this? Send a pic!!!
I hate people that assume that shit
About to hit up this dollar Jersey Mikes again
Omg!!! This is getting old
. Very cool. I actually just got Jobs biography. Planning to read it. I say: DREAM big. BREAK rules.
Pinterest is the worst thing in the world for girls... its all fantasy stuff that they will never get.
naahh, Were Cooler Than Corey And Cole, (;
Hiding in the restroom stall with :P
Success is a state of mind put into Action! Coach Terry
Doggy want the kitty ewe this doggy wants the doggy.
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver
MCA from the Beastie Boys died at age 47. That's sad news and too soon.
#Notte TOMORROW! Ladies FREE before 11! TURN UP! Need I say more? #Epic #MME<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I have been singing high school musical songs all weekend!
My semi-literate, corporate-employed (I'm not joking) father-in-law has taken to treating me as a live-in dictionary/thesaurus.
specifically, what would the creative class have to do to be politically savvy and to affect Bmore government?
Shooting commences. Team Red Wall in effect. Justice is on!
Good morning, Twitterverse. The sky in ABQ is darkening this morning--rain? We sure could use some :)
Google code now supports git. Nice, but github still seems more appealing.
Anyone wanna share their thoughts on the #Dunlop JH-OC1 #Jimi Hendrix #Octavio Pedal? Thinking of buying one.
Just realized I forgot to eat supper, then discovered microwavable sliders in the freezer. Yum.
Lesbian Fighters! (Foo Fighters!)
home alone wwatching tv and eating pizza
I love ice cream cones
Aye girl
Still not going out of biz, thanks for coming out on such a night!
Don't miss tonight's Downtown Hoedown at the Fremont Street Experience in Vegas opening the National Finals Rodeo!
Congrats Jeff!
M steak and lobster tonight.
are you really telling me not to believe what's in the bible? yea every other sin might be forgiven, but not blasphemy
let me know how it goes
did you get the little doodle i drew for you? :)
Sir, most certainly Thank you much for that remark 5-7-5 simply
My nurse was cute..(;
#WhenAustin Gets REALLY excited about something and makes a keek, and you can see the excitement in his smile :)
just saw that my spell check changed Zusi. Stupid phone!!
love you man.. Was hammered last night lol
Red lipstick all on the paper
Headed home from #CLA2012 Had a blast teaching and connecting with new friends
Don't think that I have come to abolish the Torah or the Prophets. - Yeshua
- were you at the game?!?! Such an exciting season!! #Thunderup!!
Oh a new voting thingy? Whatever. Bet gemany isnt in it.
Just be nice, be kind and spread peace because it will make the world better
would be cool if the hole in cannolis were just a little bit bigger
Austin Rivers is the new Lamar Mundane!
QRCodes: That's it, I'm getting a qrcode tattoo on my wrist - it will take you to my blog
A good 1/3 of the google image search results for "interrogation" feature suspected terrorists! FEAR THE WORLD.
well...its still not swearing if I'm only saying the letters ;)
keep in mind, each U.S. state is widely different in size/population. Vermont may be very liberal, but it's pop. isn't..
Have your Milwaukee business featured! Tweet us. We will be pickin 7 for the next week! Fans can nominate one of those 7 for us to review!
I want ice cream pie now.
#FF The best of Boston
You speaking to me naturally and spiritually pastor! Lol Good word!
That can work.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
#3WordsForYou suck my dick.
People use email and Facebook for different things, and so should businesses (hint: promote in email/connect on Facebook)...
how you gonna make a mixtape call it "crew luv" when crew love isn't even in the cd
hi Matt, think you will like :)
This sweater looks good on you. Ditch the stripes and that color. It wasn't flattering.
why is our facebook page being gay
Hi Jose - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I am thinking fried egg sandwich... on my way!
I think I thought I saw you try... But that was just a dream, that was just a dream
ya, but at least you can run around the city playing "that's my house"
“: Looks like doesn't want us to have a chance.” pulls scarf over face
Woof, what a way to spend a Thursday night
When you are proven wrong on your "Tannehill overrated" tweets, will you take accountability?
So many people graduating damn!
Oh hey, there are lesbian moms on The Bold & The Beautiful. Is that gay?
Yes my mom said that would be amazing!!!
I don't think any other women is as obsessed with flowers as my mom is
“: Talked to Jeanine on the phone for 7 minutes in my Economics class and the teacher didn't even notice. #CoralParkEducators”
The best way to make someone remembers u, borrow money from them ;)
Saw doing some pre-primary chalking today on state street. I'd say that definitely fits the definition of "grassroots."
Its so weird being the only one awake
#Relaxing is being in the moment and letting worries slip away. For me, a good book or driving on a country road.
Oracle Makes Case For Exalytics, Data Discovery - InformationWeek
anyone got a whiskey fest ticket they wanna sell me? c'mon!
I Think I Still Have Deco's And Some Slaps! Too Lol
Anyone else have to work today?
It is certainly predictive of political alliances. Time to operationalize the Arthashastra in RDF?
Crash Pad shoot tomorrow! Guess who? = + and Chocolate Chip +
RT and Get a chance to win tickets to see Lea Salonga in the PhilDev Gala! #phildevforumgala"
Ready fa Prom!!
": "History is nothing without documentation:" yes there's an archivist leading this panel!" Awesome.
California is pretty hot right now lol where are you from?
Come and put your name on it
We had our share of tornados today in DFW but am home, safe and sound. I am truly grateful!
Time's ticking & it's almost time to go
since sex testing in 1968, gender in the Games has to be complicated as more than "we've come a long way". Nicely done.
Aaarrrggghhh! Jabbing went awry. Finger is now up nose. Apparently I cannot close eyes and jab at the same time:)
Just smile, that's all you gotta do.
“: there's a special place in hell for people who caption things with "THIS" on tumblr” THIS
agree: RT : The secret to successful hiring is this: look for the people who want to change the world. - of
I don't think I'll ever be able to use a Wet-Dry Vac without pretending it's R2D2.
Realizing I may have to chill with this life style soon, but for now ima live it up... #YoungWild&Free
will be awesome to have it that full all the time.
TY great ppl
Happy Birthday!
I'm out of touch, but there are SO many good places. I've wanted to try the The Little Door or the Little Door Next Door.
First tweet from my IPAD. Now I have an App for my twitter account. :)
According to Hockey Night in Canada now, Pronger is definitely out for tonight...Carter is likely in.
I love vegeterian pizza :)
FUN. soon
+1 RT : #wineweb Set aside time for social media. Don't let it be a distraction, make it effective
Salute to the
Happy birthday to our bass player we'll be rockin tonight in santa monica from 9-12. Stop in and buy him a beer!
Learning about social media and politics in Germany.
haha yeah I'm with Charlotte!
bored with your workout? Circuit Training blends strength training and cardio activity at different intensities
Volleyball practice!!
's public scholarship video experiment feat. : #SEM2011 #leak #altac bit.ly/tGuA2T
Said She Like #Body Marques Houston
There is no time to let the blood dry...
Finally getting around to editing more of the draped look with
Did you have a good turnout? (PS - loved your polka dots!)
Tonight at Pelicans Nest is The Brunt. Members of Puddle and Catch 22. Playing the newest modern rock!!
RT Woke up, turned on some noise and heard people killing Favre & defending Jets strength coach. Sounds about right. Ugh. Ha!
Season 1 of "Once Upon a Time" ends tonight, followed by the 2-hour series finale of "Desperate Housewives". Yes, I watch the latter too.
lmao graduating with honors!!!
Great night taking photos at the Fancy Dress party!! Everyone looked great!
bring it.
Whatever you want, ask yourself how it would make you feel. Find a way to feel that emotion without your desire & be free.
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie if one of ur friends falls run nigga run!!!!
What happens in Vegas, stays on youtube
If not this, then what? If not now, then when? If not you, then who?
meet my mom is my new favorite song love it!! :)
yes yes. MEMORIES!
aww, is english not your first language? you might want to check the definition of 'honorably', sweetie. that isn't it.
My life seems so over shadowed by this still. I can't even sleep...
#dead hahaha can't even come close to saying anything funnier than that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
what you gettin? I'm about to get tatted soon too.Had to get swole
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Reggie Leach
Maintenance done! don't forget to patch! or you will have problems connecting.
I will be in the future! Currently working on 2nd draft of novel, so won't get to my non-fiction book till Fall 2012
this vanilla soft lips chapstick >>>>
. I'm glad you enjoy them. How did you find me?
I'm back, baby!
My god Carson Daly's ears are ENORMOUS.
Why do I have to let go of two people who had been through a lot with me at the same time..
For the 50,000 out of towners in for ; very glad Chicago's finest was represented
Appfog takes Amazon to task for cloud lock-in
Thank U! Have a GR8 Weekend! RT : Looking for some good coaching? Follow the good folks at
its the TSA
lmao She Trying to Talk Bad !
Im the $hit.
“: Selena Gomez is not making friends courtside; standing up and cheering for San Antonio." Now a Selena Gomez fan.
HATERS YOU CAN KILL YO SELF!
until Feb 5th we still have that privilege
I have Fiddler on the roof rehearsal for 30m after school because its tech weel for Hello Dolly which is a 4h tech.
Don't hate. Appreciate.
there's a difference,one pays for the award and the other has nothing to prove.
headed to Savannah later today...
psst. tickets go on sale in 69 days for
appreciate it! Love to see you all doing so well. V2 has been really really impressive!
I imagine it was! Jealous.
Can't tell if that NJ tanning mom is an Onion story or what.
nope no your not!!
GoodNite Mindless Fans....If you Love Mindless Behavior Tweet Me why U think ur the Most Mindess person in the Universe!!!! ; )
: wanna watch a movie
Very welcome! RT : tks for a great time last night in some awesome seats at the game!
When we play a bigger show you'll be the first one on the guest list :)
What up Bitches? Whats going on for this evening??
Duderstadt: possible new models for future university: lifelong, global, meta
G.O.O.D Music the kind that gets you in good spirits
I hear you....hear
it has to be red scale Columbian cocaine or else she just throws bitch fits and bites vaginas :/
tots man.I have more of jhu want...
That's great that those little kids love to play the game haha
Good Morning World <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it
Off to school.. yay:(
No one came to my doggie class tonight and I am hurt...literally my heart is sad. :-(
Internet Talk show, Tues. June 21st Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER? Go to www.Drrosie.com, click on listen live
: It's today..... Ahh I can't make it. Next month, for sure!
Let me know when next week works for you. And bring the camera. cc
Thanks for viewing our work. Let us know if you need any infographics or animations made.
welcome to the Twitterverse!
I always carry a tiny coffin with me...just in case my phone dies.
Headed to for dinner. Yep. and I are adults.
Support a good cause! Impact Your World Show at DCC to help benefit the earthquakes in Chile! $7 or $5 with a student ID. Help out! Retweet!
The tax equating to six cents a drink did not come from the Committee. It came from the budget office.
the song i just tracked piano for is going to be played for the pope during his upcoming visit to mexico... wait, WHAT?
2 story night: an e-coli outbreak sickens 18 people. Plus, a man strips down at PDX and it's caught on camera. at 10&11.
What do you really, really want? Let me know your dreams DM me. bgr8 now
Seriously missing my bed right now. Long day keeps getting worse.
The sound of a loud fan from an old laptop brings me back to my Dell laptop days...scary!
God damn... I fucked my shoulder up good. Lucky the season is over
I'm hesitating reading the other books. I loved the first one and can't imagine the rest can match up.
Last night was an amazing class with Always enlightening, inspiring, joyful and surprising!
Had my first #fashiontruck experience today! So when should I stop applying our Christmas bonus to my purchases?
playing standstill holiday traffic games w myself.. im a good opponent if i do say so ...myself...mahhhh!
we appreciate you so much, Matthew. You've had a great year. A lot to be proud of. Thanks for being a part of OUR year!
Welcome back,Carol! Can't wait to hear all about
With their loss to end the season, the Charlotte Bobcats became the NBA's worst team ever by winning percentage (.106)
deathcab all day
I wore Young and Reckless ysterday, DTA today, and im planning on DC tomorrow. What am i going to wear on Thursday??
Heck yes RT : There is no bullet magic. A dot to the left doesnt make it training.
The Easter candy consumption is getting out of control...crushed almost half 1/2 galloon of milk today
Confession15:i love a girl that can keep me laughing && i can be myself around
You're a pretty little flower, Im a busy little bee.
Trying to do some research. Anyone know of any community colleges doing great thing with social media? Please RT. Thanks!
looking feeling like a million bucks !
I hear ya on thee drink dear;)
#Onlineshopping may be the worst or best thing that has ever happened. Jury is still out on which one it is.
Alternatives to oil will create new jobs; protect our economic interests, help the Env and improve mil ops capability
yeah we gotta talk to him about our extra credit project.
no we should have seen Shark Night 3D instead
dkhggffahhaah *turns wheel*
I dream of being a girl as I play with my barbies and swig Nikolai vodka
yea definitely
Never mind. I can't even take a decent pic. There's not a good view from Uptown. #PhotogFail :(
Ladies, what's your fav store in the Tampa Bay area for good fashion finds?! I'm talking bargains....
You are such a good kid! LUBS HIM!!
I want to live in Cali
AANM is experiencing incoming email issues. Please call, tweet or message us on Facebook until we have it resolved.
Thanks -I like the encouragement. I'm looking forward to seeing how clean eating affects my #CrossFit performance.
RT : If you're on the way to #Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY! No mtns. Treacherous. Fog/snow/ice & cars sliding everyw ...
Backstrom has been solid for the #Caps but Tim Thomas did not like the extra attempt
its raining snow here! don't forget your sunscreen!
Hank Aaron with Frank Robinson
i think im gonna do insanity one day and pilates the next day and keep doing that.. the only problem is with insanity it fucks up my knee =/
“: My only wish is I die real cause that truth hurts, and those lies heal.”
K so you be flirting with all these girls and you come to me saying you love me and I'm your only one fuck that shit..no more of US! </3
Seeing as how you're a pretty funny guy from what I can tell, who would you call your comedy "idols"?
Tonight is "no excuse Wednesday!" no reason to miss it!!
Oh, yes. Yes they are. Give it a whirl anyway. I'm not there tomorrow. Next time.
Rice and beans was OD clutch
grrrrrrrrrrr i will beat you eventually... and yes your rugby abs beat my girlscout abs.....
we spend about 46% of time drinking, 38% resting and about 22% doing math.
no joke. I'm sure they make more money of that than we think.
Black History program on 2/2 at 11am. Come see "For Freedoms Sake" at Castle Clinton. Seating is limited so come early
Sorry man. That's terrible. Always a letdown when someone you think is honorable isn't :(
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there!
EDGE OF GLORY!!!!
Boo - congrats on your mayorship though!
Hi,talk to me babes. Im bored <U+E056>
Nice, following videos shared by my friends on Twitter on - pretty cool
hey, finally made it to Twitter. Lots to say about Murray.
I bet only male SIDs make that mistake
crazy women drugs and arguements equal Tito's problem
No tv today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game today?
We are getting ready to launch a grant sign up for free glasses
Okay thanks :) I've been deleting DMs and sending tweets to everyone who has gotten a massage so I've been BUSY, how are you?
Judy Hale is providing info on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Wed eve in Denver. www.ispi-frc.org
“: i'm a 8 1/2 i have fucking clown feet don't judge me :/” IM A 10 OMFG
that's cool I've known Ethan since 6th grade when he moved here
To prevent contraception - wear a condominium.
Searching For Music Publicity & Promotions Person There is some pay. If you know anyone, please send them my way...
its all good. Sometimes you just have to step back an reevaluate this situation to be able to make it better.
we got it pretty close, gotta mess with the bass still, but I woke up at 1am so im getting a lil tripping now haha
Reason number 28 to secretly love this rainy weather? It's an excuse to wear my "weather appropriate footwear" (a.k.a. galoshes).
From what I've seen, Pippa and JR will be held overnight, Power has been released....
Love saturday mornings: fresh brewed coffee and catching up on the latest issues of
Taped One to One with Bill Goodman today. Airs 1 p.m. Feb. 19 on KET and 7:30 p.m. Feb. 21 on KET2.
"You can buy this $2 bill for only $10!"
If u want small changes, work on your behavior; if you want quantum leap changes, work on your paradigms.-Stephen R Covey
Thanks for sharing. What can be done? Is there a patient advocate organization that deals with that? Or a nursing one?
Stay tuned at 6:00 for #NHL presser w/ : Turn on at 5:45 to watch the debut of Jason Kubel Snapshot.
so you're coming skydiving then???!
": Edward isn't a vampire, he lives in the forest, he doesn't eat people, and he sparkles. He's obviously a fairy."
I can't wait! The end of the season has been off the chain already.
Happy last year of your 20's !
Holy infrastructure shizz...
Waking up cause you gotta pee <
pres. of , noted NY is a great place to have your startup! Yes! Chk out some awesome startups at next panel!
JAMES BIG DADDY CRAWFORD
Hi there. How's the UK scene treating you these days?
makin bacon
AVENGERS!!!! #STOKED!
Everyone is always in Vegas. I've only been here 6 weeks and so many people I know have come out here.
Lost my Gills flag from my GILLSFC car on Hollywood and Highland, so next time you're in L.A. and u find a flag, it's mine!
Amanda and Co. at customer service are the best. The very best! Thanks for everything!
Metta Worldpeace . Once a thug always a thug.
Media can be good They also have big memory bank. They are going to ask their Q's eventually. So get it over w/
Hop yo pretty ass up in this fuckin car
and have me dying right now lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Damn I wish there was a middle finger emoji because I would use it everyday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I cried when Iroh sang "Brave Soldier Boy" on his dead son's birthday. I got the feels and shed a man tear for Iroh.
yeah. After caps or before? Also is Mono Jono in for caps?
wishes to be at glastonbury, radiohead was one act i wonder who the other will be, maybe the Arctic Monkeys idk
just saw #Discovery fly overhead on the way to work!!! and now there are goats on campus. I LOVE THIS CITY
Happy Earth Week! :) Go #Green! :)
are you still terrorizing tech people or coming back to LV to do it digitally?
Good call. An email has been sent. Hopefully they are kind to me :)
can we get 7 likes by the end of tonight?:)
God, you are a hiding place for me. You preserve me from trouble. Let me rest in you. Amen. /via RT
Pleeeeeassse wish my friend good travels on her moving to hawaii it would b the best going away prez ever?please!
tweet from my AT&T iPhone. Out in the country where Verizon does not go.
She realy had a look of Suprise that it happened .
RT Jobs report shows there are still too many working men & women struggling to find work, pay the bills, and make ends meet
Nice! Maybe I'll join ya!
Laundry Gear — Shopping With Stuart Leslie A laundry list of helpful, even playful, washday items.
My old boss. Nice!
btw I'm not short -.-
C's forward Glenn "big baby" davis breaks hand in a scrap 2 days before season opener
I got into a car accident.
Why is it men complain bou bitches not havin jobs ..but when they find one that does an has degrees they cheat on u wit the bitch wit no job
#langchat Same here with Edmodo for FB type posting. All my classes use it.
Showaaa was amazing - relaxing before the test <U+263A>
Got a lot done today. Maybe it's nap time.
Hanging out with family and friends.....saki bombs and laughs...
Wade never made a shot he wasn't looking for a foul after.
There's a thug in my life..... how am I gonna tell my mama??
Thanks, had a blast at ! Safe travels back to TEX
I can't see the picture. Is there usually a gnat problem at this location?
i bet that'd go well with #wisecrackers you comedian
wonderful news, i'm so impressed!
You always leave me smiling <3
which volume?
They ask me if I'm someone famous I say if you're in to rap
take ALL of your tweets seriously. About what/whatnot to do, etiquette, being humble, perform and do anything you can, not
or lotus notes.....
haha I don't read very much lol.
RT : #UCFashChat Q2: Many fashion cities have their own unique style. How would you describe the DC look?
Get out,get out my mind. And come on come into my life. I dont, dont know what it is,but i need that one thing & you've got that one thing~
On a world tour.
RT gleecast acapellas is the best thing that's happened to me
Giving up anger, sweets, and fried foods, and gaining a healthier spirit and body.
& , Thank you both for supporting my family #NkemDenchukwu on the release of her book
you good with anything you wear
The sad truth is LeBron is the most talented player on the planet but he lacks the mental toughness to be that guy. Which is why he defers.
was that spanish or gansta? Lol
AMAZING!!!! Makes me want to read the script again.....:)
The decision is in: since I discovered bb is phasing out its single advantage, keyboard, I will choose iPhone. Now...
Mark Twain~ Dont part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist but you have ceased to live.
Haha, okay! I like their season wings and fries, they be so good.
So excited for this weekend with !! Thank god tomorrow is Friday
I'm docenting :)
Beyonce go me on one lol
Follow me if u like my ink ;-p
Thank you!
How does one say: 2010? Twenty Ten or Two Thousand Ten? Personally I like Twenty Ten, it makes me feel like I live in the future. :3
Really frustrated to see how many hacks there are out there. It demeans the profession & eventually they get outed as hacks.
It's so cold in the D
You are a bright lady. Are you familiar with the life of Homer Lea? Truly, one of the most unlikely stories ever. Research when time.
Winning covers up a multitude of sins while losing makes mountains out of molehills. -Phil Jackson
Thinking about moving to Charlotte....
My office is going to see "The Raid:Redemption" at Alamo Drafthouse for Admin Pro's Day. And THIS is why I love my job.
R E T W E E T ••IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS•• #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB •must be following me•
Why are non-english speakers always talking about cleaning products? They ask, "spic-y span-y?" I'm like,"No I don't have any spic n span."
AS much as I appreciate these daily intelligence briefings, they're kind of a depressing way to start my day :/
An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have; the older she gets, the more interested he is in her. ~ Agatha Christie
SHOUT OUT TO WMMA SPORTS
4 seasons of burn notice and 2 seasons of white collar, i need a new show.
OMG WHY NOT
Good morning Hampton, VA. Teaching class today on #Medeco3 high security, #BiLevel, & #eCylinder. You can participate too - stay tuned.
I remember them. Strong runs, visually impressive. What a treat.
What's on top? Nerds and gummy bears are my fav!
Sad news on Dick Clark - Blessings to his family.
Happy Birthday <3 love you:*
#stia11 evening session to build conference community, maybe 100 people seeking to meet and share
House show April 9th in u district..come party!!
Ask God for forgiveness, and leave your regrets in the past!
Wendy Williams and Kevin Hart too funny!!! Luv it!
Now able to fabricate in lengths up to 21'0". Aluminum, Stainless, Copper, Galvanized. Let us quote your next project!
Come and put your name on it <U+2665> ~
If seems like they can't take a joke and go run telling my mom.
I support St. Baldricks Research hospital and Marvel comics made special shirts for us to get with the Avengers on it.
. Christian Guzman had 20 triples in 2000.
I see what you did there.
I didn't watch OLTL, but they did a s/l like that w/the 2 Todds
Polls close at 7PM tonight. The Mesa Historical Society's board supports keeping the Cubs in Mesa, Yes on 420.
Thank you to everyone who has posted such nice compliments on our Facebook wall and Twitter feed! We greatly appreciate your kind words!
#Thatawkwardmoment when you realize that if you blow the conch and they don't come it has lost its power. #civilizationlost?
i ain't mad at cha
People asking me why I'm not close with Cristian anymore lmao, I don't even know xD but that shit don't phase me.
Weeks. Unless they put Weeks back at 1 and leave Lucroy at 2.
I love that song by Royksopp!
Rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch!
Nothing better than waking up at 4am, stressed about money!
Great Tweeters! sugarfiend
Robo-Demonic Slugs now available to the masses! You too can enjoy this succulent, symbiotic wonder of biotechnology! Reply for details.
Hi awesome lady. I was just here on twitter & saw you come over my timeline. I got your email - you're amazing. I will reply.
just placed my first Facebook ad. Hopefully it'll attract some new clients!
Thanks for the re-tweet!
researching QR codes. possible new idea in the works.
I recently learned about John Tyler's family too. It's kind of unbelievable!
i got the bubble gut
thanks lis. See you in Chicago soon!
“: Just got scared by NOT COOL! thats wat I get for having my music LOUD! #ILikeMyMusicLoud luv u big sis!” xoxo
Manson denied parole for 12th Time, and The Mooch is back on Prime Time - the more things change the more they stay the same.
#California wildlife officers are thrilled: Oregon's celebrity #wolf is drifting toward their state--a first since 1924.
Like can I rape you
We need body rockin not perfection
thx for sharing our article!
5 pages a day for week, 35 page due by May 11. Let's write this slut.
for the game! Go bulls!
Having a nice refreshing cocktail before Alexs birthday party!
Cornbread stuffed Cornish Game Hens and roasted red potatoes for dinner. Funny thing is, my 12 year old picked the menu and is cooking.
Been in love twice & lost it twice
tweet something about gun laws in Milwaukee to us "at cbs 58" and your tweet will go on air
Today I learned that riding a bike is not just like riding a bike & that sense of community among coworking spaces is astounding. Thx
I heard that survival is awesome..but the rest is whatever...
Pamyua (bum yo-ah): An Inuit word meaning: 1. The end or tail-end; 2. Encore or do it again. (
"If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? -- Vince Lombardi Beat NY! Go Niners!
foolishly scheduled my can't-be-rescheduled mouth surgery for the day before an important event. shoot!
Which means all y'all should be cracking UP w/my commentary, yo.
We look forward to seeing you!
Yeah i'll give you the baseball and wrestling for $25
we couldn't have said it better! In #brand #promotion, it is most important to 1) protect and 2) enhance your brand.
If the dollar bills let me - are you gonna go to #ultra?
RT : If you have the spirit of Jesus Christ flowing through you, RT this message and shout it out to the heavens!
Ok! Let's get some big boxes and some colored duct tape for ambiance and sturdiness! :)
On our way to California for !
you shut upp.
wow not ballz
Uhh idk what I want anymore..
And here we go!!! Monday I' m ready for yeah!
At least. RT : They say 463 on Bruce's homer. I think at least 465
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would have him sing What Makes You Beautiful....everyday<3
#chid480f talking about #cyberrace today, looking at J.Lo, Neo, Jay Smooth, DNA Ancestry Project, AllLookSame, and Google Image Search
Come into the room and watch me Whip up Sauteed Salmon w/ wine, herb butter and cream sauce. Mon at 6pm www.theroomlive.com New SINGLE CHEF
If the Mormons baptize me after I die, does it mean I get to come back to vote for Romney?
Uh,,I think #iJeverSTFU should trend.mad we can make anything trend?stay mad.
yeah for sure you have my #? DM me if not
we ended up going to steak n shake
lol,im not at school either
follow me lou??? :) great job tonight! They shouldve slimed you!!
"The libraries represent the core of our community." Providence Community Library at
I have some pictures of your girl I took with my 35mm when I was there a while ago . What's your email
Rumor is Steve Castaneda and Pat Aguilar will skip CV State of City speech. Pretty low class, even 4 them. Stay classy CV? Not
2014 Rolling Stone cover - a mosaic of all the variations of twitter avatar.
Now i just feel weird,..
try me
Omfg I can't breathe out of one nostril.
you're a jerk ._.
Ok...the update was needed, but....where the f*ck did the public timeline go???
i know you got problems & you failed to fix em', i'm like you need to go somewhere else with this shit.
So tired omg
Follow back
Message ur mailing addy if ya want a sample of Dark Phoenix Printing's product. We're an on-demand printing comp & we wanna print ur comic!
dude I cleaned for 8 hours straight today... and I wrote back like 3 hours ago! Lol
is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
": having a great time at our Black History Month event! Can't wait for "
Looks like a tasty breakfast
i know alot of peopel that smile in my face,but talk behind my back everytime i'm gone.so when they call my # i don't ever pick up.
omygosh ! it apparently happened ! , so how now ? ..
I hate all restrictions that are based on the when someone dies
Monday, Dec. 5: SCHOOL CLOSED (as per APS) due to dangerous driving conditions.
Also a big thanks to all the moms who let us see TAP, have them at their houses and not only let us fangirl but do it with us! :'D x
if I could recollect. You the one that tweeted about him thanks! Btw he's an AP not dean :)
RT - The New England Patriots announced today that DB Phillip Adams and DL Landon Cohen have been signed to the 53-man roster
Ready to rock!
you really are the strangest person i know..
huh? Was that really necessary?
since when is it a CHOICE? I didn't CHOOSE to be hetero and neither did YOU
I can't believe that more and more people follow you EVERYBODY needs 2 go and follow he is an amazing guy :)
Good thing we brought our sunglasses... for these f'n Oregon helmets.
I guess
thanks for the prayer!
Thanks for the read and getting the word out.
you'd fit in well down here, then. Moving to the dirty south?
thanks for the follow--we're #hiring in Minnesota and Wisconsin
I do several classes a year. I usually announce them in December. Sadly,this was the last one this year. I think.
go ahead and send your inquiry to .
Nate silver : incumbents' approval ratings are a very strong predictor of electoral success.
come back to California :)
THANKS MUCH for the RT!!!
I'd be more than happy to BUT, you gotta show ur face for me to tell it cuz
Either mathematics is too big for the human mind or the human mind is more than a machine. -Kurt Godel
True story.
LOL! What's with the new twitter handle?, I had to go through your profile to know who you are! Missed ya buddy
So who would like to show some love and see US (WSR/TUCSON) in the battle for ARIZONA'S FINEST!? Vote WSR for. Vans Warped Tour 2012
On a roll today! and win win win
#bookaday GOOD LUCK, ANNA HIBISCUS! and HAVE FUN, ANNA HIBISCUS! by Atinuke Love this series set in Africa
My lil bro yelled at me for taking his iPod off the charger so i can charge my iPod (made me mad)
WHo Have wOn
Looks like figured out how to make $$ by publishing on ! #roundofapplause May you make much cash, brother!
Sweet, you like My Genuine Find! You should also check out when you get a chance! They're both awesome :D
It's Thanksgiving Week! What is your favorite thing about this week? The food? The family? The..shopping? :)
Give me a burrito bowl from Chipotle any day of the week and I am a happy camper. Today's lunch makes it twice this week :)
King of LA is starting to change hands very soon meet the new king
Not in all cases cause I go to summer school so I want take classes in the fall": if u goin 4 a class u is dumb"
We had a moment guys.
my siri is a blackberry. Yours turns into a BB if you drop her on her head 8 times.
Just for the record: All you Moms out there...don't feel guilty for spending Mother's Day at the spa! After all...isn't it YOUR day?
When u smile, everyone stops and stares for a moment, shocked by the pureness in ur heart (:
Hm.....I'm thinking #SportingKC would've gotten a straight red for that.
Just saw Andras Schiff do a masterclass on Bach and Bartok at Weill recital hall. Deep! On my way to hear Mark Turner at the Vanguard. Yeah!
My pinky fell asleep
Dallas. My co is called speech tx. First heard gut stein speak in Austin when I lived there
shadow at LC next school year/transfer to LC?! :D
I'm old enough to know my RIGHT from my wrong.
im already following them if only u could get them to follow me
okaai , whatever i guess . and i d k your acting like one . !
I wish I was the girl in B.O.B's "So Good" </3
Need to start unfollowing folks that retweet nonsense. Keep ignorance out my timeline.
Another rainy day here in Marietta But we're getting after it. Can't settle for this #2 preseason ranking. Gotta aspire to be a champion.
My family fell apart a long time ago.
DM trying to identify a contact in your group to discuss participation in a national Edu consortium. Would you ID a contact?
thinking good thoughts.
Did I really just check out Walter Lippmann's "Public Opinion" from the library? Yup. What's on your #winterbreakreading list?
pictures pretty please ? :)
We are your VIRTUAL Marketing dept & we bill you like we only work part time-You get ROI like we work 24/7!
beer? this week? beer. BEER!
hand stands are, like, so fun
it would be something creative and revolutionary...
Wanted: female best friend
Really amazing what a good powerwashing will do for roof and home exterior... So fresh....big time satisfaction
Collegiate Players Tour
i cant wait to see ur sexy pics
I know same!!!
I love touch- it makes me cry though. Oy
Hilarious! RT : The David Landis Daily is out even when David Landis is in the middle of Africa.
To all HR Professionals! Tired of looking everywhere for professional development hours? HRResourcePortal.com is now open for business!
Good afternoon! It's time! Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum. Stop by and see us! We're u
That made me almost spit out my OJ!! LMAO!!!!
I'm real ole school, Fab 5 Freddy...Bronx meets SOHO days. I peeped your "block game" and was...oh ish, they gonna win.
happy oscar sunday...come on in and shop for some glamorous party finds, our doors are open till 5 xo
you're welcome! you could just tweet them and ask for a shoutout! i would wait until the zombie vid is over though lol
Nice little meeting with earlier today. Big things coming...
Built a game room in my apartment
new song coming sooner than you think
Be careful out there! It seems like there's lots of crashes in #albuquerque this morning
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. ~Henry David Thoreau
Okay Mom =) It's Always Best To Try Again =) Okay, I'll Tell You Later What's Been Goin On In The Group =) Love You 2 Mom :)
So bored in government today so to keep myself from sleeping I get on twitter and Facebook!
Why am I awake right now
Now that's an idea. Should we call it "50 Shades of Waldo" or "Waldo-licious"?
Thank you so much - I truly enjoyed my time with you and the team. There are amazing things happening at People Matter!
"Become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid." ~ Lady Bird Johnson
Birthdays on Facebook make me feel like I am in Elementary School. Fun Bday wishes but no cupcakes.
I feel you on that one lol
ok so im sitting on my mom's new dining table and im drinking water and somehow i seem to mizz my mouth and it spills everywhere..not coolXP
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
#jackiechan isn't dead. stop being ridiculous ya'll.
this tweet + your mario icon = funny
“: If you drink enough, your brain starts photoshopping people.”
thanks baby<3
R.I.P. The great lady of Disco and Soul Donna Summer. The face of an era. The voice of a sexy angel.
Thanks for the tweet promoting "Monday Night Live"!!!
I'm screaming happy mothers day to every mother in the world
I am what u got
California Flower Mall DIY Mother’s Day Flower Gift Guide Shows How to Give Mom Best for Less
Yesterday i saw The Lucky One :') it was so good
I'll google it later
You can't catch a cub without going into the tiger's den.
Police hate when I walk people out of jail. I have the power. Don't hate cause I made your mo salary in 20 mins.
haha what's the point of steak? When errybody got beef! Haha X)
Tell your husband to quit throwing golf shoes at my team!
Less than 25 fans until we hit 900! YAY! Share our page with your friends so they can Enter To Win our killer Extreme Summer Make Over!
Hm guess I will work out wt my sis then get dressed for the day
#6-Troy Palumalu-SS-Pittsburgh Steelers
u look way better than flocka
If I had only one breath what would I want to say?
Of course you already implement this for your agency, but wonder if this type of investment could be worth it for others.
you know me I might pull up in my armor truck...
Yes of course the US #Congress lives by diff laws re #InsiderTrading & #CheatSheet, hence #OWS movement. Force congress 2 abide by same laws
You won't end up giving it back if you had this for one night
i know i just said tilden because i forgot where he told me it will be at
I bet Elton John takes the stage with #Madonna during the halftime show.
what what what
i love #Syracuse #basketball! Shut it down! get some revenge on #Vermont then move on to round 2. GO CUSE!
You are hilarious my friend! I think you should put dance moves to that song!
I'm hungry
SHOT OUT TO Holla for them FLXPhone's #iGotMines!!!
The ‘Expendables 2' Full Trailer Is Out, Even More Ridiculous Than You Imagined It Could Be
You rock! Thanks for spreading the word!
so if you verified twitter gives you checks cuz you said checks not a check
Yay my book came in sick.
your honestly really handsome for only being 14 ((:
I'm from MD/PA area so I've had just about everything of there's...int his case..yes
I'm glad Game of Thrones is finally getting around to answering all the questions left hanging by the Lost finale.
Checkout tophatter #Jewelry #Auction #Live Now
^o^ it be strange people adding me on facebook & following me -.-
You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want.
did u know how many points #5 had for thomas more
One of my favorite ways to use cell phones in class: www.polleverywhere.com
1st concert announcement in a loonng time that has me excited... in CentralPark.
I was captivated while she talked. Such a sweet woman. She's very thankful to be alive.
Have you picked up the new cd "Dark Adrenaline" yet? What did you think?!
Hi NY, ive missed you
Hi I think you twitter account was hacked. I was sent a direct message with a suspicous link.
Fallow (FUNNY SHIT) and if u hate the philadelphia eagles...(L) :))))
how u guys doing miss u
who knew you could achieve zen with benadryl allergy. can i get back in my body now please?
Become in experience what you already are by God’s grace. The Christian is risen with Christ let him exhibit that new life Col 3v1
Nice job #BrunoMarrs! At
lol maybe we'll send you a sneak preview to listen to when it's done!
in your words "once again im not good enough"
nice work.
like evaluated?? Or actually "done" ... ?
i found a parking spot.
I want to wish all of my Family, Friends & Fans a Happy Holiday & a great New Year!! Thanks for all of the love & support!
I hate all of my next 3 classes
aww, i am VERY excited! #PSandersGoingBIG thank you so much for the reply & follow! you are the best! <21 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#FNFS sounds like a blast! But I'm having dinner with one of my former NU professors. Next week?
Presenter has traveled and studied with - who encourages Western audiences to not follow Buddhism, but to take from it.
Thanks for the follow ! Here's hoping that we get you at the end of your library school sojourn. ;-)
Latest I've been up in a week. :-/
Bynum And His No Defense.
My feed is already filled w/ Star Wars references. I'm a superhero fan, so it's Avengers Friday to me ;) But still, May the 4th be with you.
Here we go, finale time! "in Bachelor history" Drink!
": Life's an elevator.. Pick a floor or end up on sum1 else's! Do you!!"
It's weird how everyone is packing now. Kind of gonna miss the portables.
So silly
If you in France, check 'France 24' news Channel tomorrow. Kids and animals interview gonna pass 6 times tomorrow during the day.
you're welcome! Hope to see you soon! If you're ever back in the upstate/ western ny area. Let me know! I'll help promote you
yeah but that's still like so far away :0 my parents are headed up to ur area tomorrow
What the fuck is going on right now #Smash like ??? I'm confused
we already have Charlie Frye, we don't need another Browns QB failure..
lowkey finna go to twitter jail...
yes and no. I guess at least they still exist. Theres much work to be done for them
Dear Gods of Dieting, please know that I am being good. Who else would wash their sardines down with sauerkraut water?
Beautiful advances on some 'marketing designs' today. Some of the greatest work I have ever put into Photoshop and it's 'retinatic.'
no actually my favorite singer is going to be over at Biggs Field by fort bliss so im going to that right after school
Pinnacle Technical Resources ranked #3 on SIA's list of growing staffing firms acquires Provade Inc. a Vendor Management System Provider.
Just relax and let God love you. Things are never as dire as they seem to our little minds. Open to the Mind and Heart of God.
justin bieber !!!!
so ashamed of myself.
at least I wasn't the only one thinking it. lol.
Lots of new life changes in the near future!
"A right delayed is a right denied." - MLK, Jr.
Is there an issue on UWS? I have no dial tone and no Internet.
#InstantTurnOn guys with nice bottom lips ;)
I have a good personality just take a alot to get to know me
Love the heart felt #rotary photos
How's everyone's morning going?
ha! actually it turned out to be a terrible accident. when we passed a car was on it's side in the middle of the freeway :(
ONE OF THE BIGGEST MYTHS of ALL TIME: "Change Takes Along Time!!"
Bummer! Hope you feel better! Love you.
so what's up?
are u gonna be at the NYC show?? I really wanna meet u ! Please follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
just spent a good 30 min. on thanks to you!
Just ate JITB tacos.. simply delishchchous.. (wipe the ketchup)
yes yes. but send me one now!
You need a comedian from Florida?
The livephish stream from msg is pretty cool
RT : Rondo's 8th career Playoff triple double (13, 12 & 17) tonight leaves him just one short of the rest of the NBA combined!
but I'm working on converting you
silk scarves
They need to let me get hold of these sick bastards that hurt kids. I swear to God I'd make them stop breathing so fast.
Be sure to say hello to Dr. Matthew Stiffler from ! Enjoy the conference!
i will have more photos from the protest later. but 3hrs of sleep + waking up at 7am + marching all over the damned city = time for a nap.
Report: Canadiens to name former Blackhawks assistant Bergevin as new GM
What to go home so bad :(
Hey Marcus. I'm well. The SM training is going well. I'm taking over my store in June for 3 months cuz my SM is going on mat. lea.
Tenga *hands you a coke* #SatisfyYourThirst RT Im thirsty, -.- I want coke :)
I requested a grant writing workshop through my VISTA supervisor, might be worth a try.
hahaha yoga, not yogurt. it'll have you skinnier than #gophillies!!!
How well do you think the Rangers would match up with the Kings? I HATE the Kings!
Any suggestions on Denver Hotels for this June?
Okay guys... I'm doing it. , here I come! Deliciousness is imminent...
Reliving 's marvelous Saint-Saëns' s Organ Symphony today, conducted by de Waart. BLISS
Colwyn repeals state of emergency
#QuoteOfTheNight "baby powder hates her!"
+1 ": Really glad the Supreme Court shot down that bill forbidding sale of violent video games based on the first amendment."
let us know what you think of your UNDAWAREness. share your UNDAWAREness Stories with us. we would like to hear from you. tweet us!
What day is it ? Lol
Unsung Hero (Faculty) -- Lindsey Darling.
RT Last night the video shoot in downtown Nashville with all the fans was great!! I'm excited to see the results of all t
Frisbee in the rain :(
What do you think you'll be doing tomorrow at this time?
Happy Birthday ! Have a fabulous day!
Hello all! Sweta here. Lightning & thunder are creating some freaky fictional scenarios in my mind.:-)
that's a sign of weakness! lol .
What a beautiful day.
It's been a crazy week ... RIP
": Just organized all my drum samples, fuck that's tedious lol" let's get it my dude!!
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
Tried that, there is no contact email on the page. Is there an email address?
Good day. New Mac. New Office Space. That'l do.
Come see me this weekend!!!
I didn't know you watch shows haha..um have you seen the surreal gorgeousness that is ?!?!
My professor just said “arrested development”. Immediately, four of us looked at each other.
GOOD LUCK ACM (: you deserve this!! (:
shelby thinks i look like a girl today. she's so sweet..
congrats on your sale!
Dear Job Applicants, Yes, we DO notice how long it takes you to fill out a basic application. Just FYI.
I think I have heartburn.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
A4: As long as it needs to be to say/do what you need to do – shorter is best.
Do I have Homework...? if I do to Bad...
love that. Mine would always run and hide.
hahaha! I remember! :)
I agree she is:-)
I went to google #NDAA. No mention on major US media(figures). Either #censorhip has begun or people dont care. Not sure which is worse.
Most "fine dining" restaurants are opened by some B- culinary kid who sank $20,000 into making his final class project a reality.
Great event tonite in Detroit! #att28days with
watching the movie cb4
that's what I'm saying
ugh sucks i cant oovoo because i dont have my laptop and my phone dies to quick when i get on that way ugh
Fundamentals are a crutch for the talentless.
I be so far uh uh uh uh Up, we'on giva fu uh uck.
Thirty minutes in the Cricket Amphitheater parking lot and we haven't moved at all. Can someone please help direct traffic?
whaaaats up sue
100 days my friend, 100 days! We are officially moving into the double digits!
Many birthdays here, too. What exactly goes on in May? (9 months back)
The breakfast I just had was insane. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
That's what *I'm* thinking!
Don’t forget to tune in to MDB’s new series “Nostalgicon” tomorrow. First one up is a mischievous front page man. Can you guess who it is?
Top #MLB Monitored & our current Featured Handicapper TBONE still has 7 Units of Baseball Advice waiting for you in tonights late games!
“We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them” Albert Einstein
Nice to "meet" you ! I look forward to our conversations about #crime and #books!
One of the best actors ever! Meryl Streep on Jimmy Kimmel.
Shooting the video for Champion at the McDonogh 35 vs Edna Karr B-Ball game on Jan 27th....See YOU there!
We'll see what we can do!! :)
Happy Mothers Day!
Ok #woodywoodchuck is the new #groundhog !!!! I trust in him :)
Improve your interview skills! Come to Samaritan Ministry's free Employment Workshop TODAY at 11:00 AM at our Northwest Office.
Hey, thanks for the #ff mention, so kind of you.
and are the MOST sweet guys in my life!
DONE and DONE! ;)
I need to stfu and go to sleep...
PAIN & DESTRUCTION!! If I only had the leather bondage getup, that pic would've been perfect
BrownRiceFamily on Jamaica ave and 153rd right now about to play outdoors. Okai Haiti
Yeah I heard, good thing I decided to stick with doing WEDNESDAYS @ SupperClub instead and getting to see STEVE AOKI Spin LIVE.
TGIF! See you all tonight!
why would you tattoo shoes to your feet lmfao
LAST DAY to register for the October 9th SAT exam date!
“: I act like I don't care, but deep inside, it hurts.” exactly.
when are you comming back to Realty Executives in Riverside?
Govern a family as you would cook a small fish - very gently. - Chinese Proverb
well loookk at you hahahah being everyone's type lol
Wait today's Friday the 13th <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : RT : Little known fact, #Porsche racing cars start out on the same assembly line as road cars
:o yayyy :D
I do will send it you
Do we have any?
shut the hell up!!!!! Lmao!!!!!! I work hard! Even tho I'm sitting in a chair alday....
Great work with Alex tonight! Long time coming!
Power keeps flicker on & off and we haven't even got half the snow they said we would. Pray the we don't lose power!!
My nephew told me to fart on the fire
it doesnt give me the option to direct message you:(
@ the Library: good morning twitter! I had something ridiculous to say but its gone now. such is the nature of Monday.
thank you.
I HATE PEOPLE WHO FRONT >:(
What plane and when will u get here.
Our statehood is under review?! If our state's name was as lame as yours, it'd be South Canada.
Anytime man! It was a great weekend!
RT - Miami is beginning to build up a reputation of not closing, thanks to these Dolphins. Oh yeah, and sorry ass Leb...
Just tell them who your favorite college team is. That will definately give you a pass.
Does anyone know what is burning north of abq?
but he needs to stick to rapping - not singing like in "How To Love" - awful singing, good rapping.
Every moment since 11 has been a Beastie Boy song, and I only just started repeating them.
PEMF is standard of care in RA in Europe. In U.S. it's not "profitable" hence not used. #chronic cc:
Traffic traffic traffic...... Or is it obama in #denver?
At the Nadal vs Tsonga match. Great crowd tonight. Makes me miss my Tennis days.
The Curse of "Interesting" Times. Glad she's ok -- & that lunch was great
Ample understanding. deficit of application. pathetic attention to conviction.
Late reply, i found the cover hilarious. Not that i was expecting an opus to transcend pop music. but real talk, shit sucks.
It ain't easy being a boy named Suh.
Shut up?! I used to love Ben Savage...In a gay way
I would love that. My phone is off until tomorrow, but yes, we do need to get together soon. ;-)
End of the 1st quarter, Panthers lead the Rangers 1-0.
I love the arts...what about you! If so please support RISD by donating to the RISD Annual Fund today! -Deja, '14, Industrial Design
I gotta do dis I gotta do dat, I gotta go here I gotta go dere...
I love the one check for $0.29 The teller looks up at me like "seriously." LOL and I'm like "hey that's a teaspoon of gas!
in my best Gamer Voice ... Apparently so...
thank you for the ribbon cutting and support at our launch event, it is all much appreciated and helpful in serving the community
my dream is that you follow me on twitter, I just ask that I love you selena I need to follow me please!
Ladies if you love your man, show you him who fly is.
this isnt the day for e just want to go home and go to bed :'(
Happy Thursday! Watch out for the thick fog! Watch the for updates!
haha,that's some crazy shit.
Now following
Dardenne bros. still have it. _Kid with a Bike_
See ya bye, JC! Mountain City, here I come!
REPLY TO ME
Are you protesting in DC today?!
LMAO! You know that goldfish woulda saved you in a heartbeat lol
UPDATE BREAKING NEWS: All I-205 sb traffic diverted off freeway at Division/Powell exit.
Number 1: Knowing the difference between Classical music, and classical music.
talk about a brand ambassador!
Weak ties are the key to social networks. They are trusted sources of health info. They can build interest, disseminate info.
You think them niggas you with is with you?
top ten next year
Check it out - the ARR is at the #GreatAlaskaSportsmanShow at the Sullivan - giving away some great BOGO's!
We sure needed the rain yesterday, but today is gorgeous! Come on out and enjoy this day at the market. We'll be here from now til 1pm
9thPeriod Marketing Expanded online education plan urged for Iowa students bit.ly/og0Ai7
Come inside for a little homemade tea, and if you fall asleep then at least you're next to me
I'm going to create an online music game: you listen to 10 seconds of a song and guess whether the band has beards or not.
sowwyy Boo Boo Bear ,:(
My #MamaSays if you can't say something #Nice then don't say #Anything at all.. That's why I use #Twitter to #MakeFunOf People...
"By the way, it is tearing me apart to do this" supporting "obsolete" side of debate
Rise and shine, Twitter World! There's a beautiful Monday ahead of us. I cannot WAIT to head out into the sun today.
If the upward trend in data continues, my client with Autism (and his team of therapists) will be ready for their first 5k in may!
Up and going, it's going to be a long day...
HUGE eyeroll - ugh.
My point has been to see if, other than one stat, there was anything which made Gonzo a potential top 10 WR. There's not
We're opening a few more FREE accounts to Pro Baseball Instruction.com. Code is June20....hurry as these won't last long!
Sounds hectic! I'm chilling with MiniMe watching Fairly Odd Parents.
EXACTLY!!! I'll post them eventually tho(:
Last week a candle factory burned down I got great photograph of everyone standing around trying to blow it out
<3 thanks buddy. I know, your right but it was the foulest thing someone has done to me
Come out this Saturday August 21st to Skillman Street Bar, and have a drink with us.
will I watch 500 Days of Summer for the seventh day in a row? I think I will.
Our party is actually on Sunday :) Thanks for RTing 's post!
Well, the Captain, the Radioman, & the Rats will go down with the ship. PS: i like the radioman best.
finally getting to do laundry!
eyewitness to deadly accident gives frightening account of what happened...coming up soon at 11
For story purposes, Adams zeroed in on certain ZIP codes w/ high rates of serious disabilities.
Very happy for jermaine. He was my second favorite :-)
thanks dude. I appreciate the tag
My pleasure, nice to meet you too, Candi. Great work you're doing! I think you and might be able to collaborate...
At the Philly public library waiting for the arrival of Sarah Vowell. Looking forward to laughing and learning!
I found it this morning and had to save it.
Any QBs out there wanna throw hit me up
Whats up New York
IT'S THE FINAL COUNTDOWN (doo-da-doo-doo... doo-da-do-doo-doo) 10 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS! Let us help you with some AWESOME last-minute gifts!
And you wouldn't live long
S/O to all of the good ppl in #TheNewD1 who have donated $5 and $10 to keep me serving on #metrocouncil because YOUR donations matter.
I haven't worked this hard in a long time! But in order to have what others won't have tomorrow, we must be willing to do what others...
It is a RARE night here at Madrone, thanks to Oscar Myers, Steppin', and a special guest or three
#Dogs become loyal not because you feed them, but because of the companionship you give them.
Interests in things that you are not currently interested in takes faith that what unfolds may hold significance in future endeavors.
shot it went by super fast for me!
nuthin, girl! Getting adjusted to the new gig :-)
When lying is bad & the truth is worse......
hate the entire male population
with the voice only God can give! You are an inspiration and i will always be one of your biggests fans! <3
#first40songsonshuffle don't speak- , turn right- , when you look me in the eyes- (16-18)
Today in Literary History: J.R.R. Tolkien, best known for "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings," was born in South Africa in 1892.
hope you are ok. Feel better.
trust your instinct
Eating in the closed side of the restaurant by myself with Oliva Newton Johns - "Hoplessly Devoted To You" on the radio is so depressing.
#cowboys say bye bye to Jerry Jones, i'd say about time lol..!!
The Silk Tie likes Don!
RT : Did you ever get your Pentagon book signing??>>>Hey there, Brother. Negative. Made contact, zero response
Good morning today school
Are you going to be able to watch the BlackHawks tonight ?
Your welcome
#MUSICINTERVIEWS Clement Marfo & The Frontline - Nando's Secret Gig, Kensington High Street
When peoples are mean to you for no reason. The reason is usually jealousy.
. completely dismantles aa the shameful hypocrite he is
LETS GO BOYS LETS GET ONE MORE NO CHANCES!
Art car ball and tired.
Was the Perry's specialer special just for Invodo employees?
oh, cause I was like "WHAT WHAT OMG I DON'T HATE THEM WHY WOULD MADDY ASK ME." I was flipping out, I love you guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thank you for the follow!
I couldn't agree with you more!
RFT !!!! ": I can't wait to be a senior you guys just don't know."
i think should have a tinychat<3
I love that song though “: Dear Internet Explorer commercial. IE will never be cool. EVER”
AND GAZANS DANCED IN THE STREETS ON 9-11. You have a double standard that is disgusting!!!!!!!!
#JBSOMEDAY I will meet justin bieber and be really good friends till the end :D <3
Ma$e used to be THAT dude
Beastie Boys > everything
no problem. Enjoy your vacation tmo. They really are sorry and itll be alright ;) there's a reason for everything.
No idea. Why don't you ask her?
You spend my head around when u go down. Right down town.
lol you're welcome!
I don't have time for superficial friends. I suppose if you're really lonely you can call a superficial friend.
RT Bynum laughing to Metta about last pass being off the mark. Lakers lose. > ladies n gents, your starting center for the lakers
rolling rock was 16 bucks for a case at Safeway. Good value. PBR has gone up at 3x the average since it became cool
Fuck guys who talk to other guys girls tryin to get "something".
I never have anyone when I need them. But they always have me when they need me. Wtf?
no backpack, but I did snap one of my syllabus ;)
I'm glad to have fans like yins <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#mnwild Why no play like that from Gilies wearing a Wild sweater?
Sending you all love, today and every day, always and in all ways! Shine On Brothers and Sisters!
About time we get a sack!!!
Storm + Empty warehouse = Really freaky
*really a big problem
Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin
Morning, have a blessed day
how you doing
i guess sometimes you just take the extra steps to make someone feel special unless it is clear it&#39;s a waste of time of course. sim…
This made me giggle with glee. Yippee!
Our team is tweeting this week from #TEDActive in Palm Springs! More updates and insights to come as the week unveils!
Are these symbols and traditions common to all North Amer. tribes? Were there controversies as to how best to represent all?
I can't imagine what it would be like to train/qualify for the Boston marathon & then be asked to not participate 'cause of weather.
Listening to CBS FM 101.1 WCBS New York City online. I think I heard the f-bomb on an ad about a town with a name close to that. Gee, NY!
Thank you for the follow Thomas! After the festival subs are exhausted we'll make the movie accessible ASAP! Trailer up soon.
Thank you for the Retweet ;)
Adore Glimmertrain for submitting short stories, they are one of the best for up and coming emerging writers!
Screw it im not doing my social studies.. i will do it tomorrow and hand it in on thursday
Social media presentation over. Big thanks to Davidson Hotels and Resorts for having us!
Hi there, silly that a girl like you would be in a place like this.
Finally saw the jewelry of looking' good and prominently featured in the latest #MinnesotaMonthly. Bravo!
Looking forward to "Game Change" on HBO tonight. Nostalgic for the simpler political times of 2008.
U must of them damn internet blunts stay focus we gotta get dem follows up
I thought coltons segment was way too long and they wasted time with that girl from the bog bang theory.
Liked this quite alot. Kickstarter just gets better and better - will see what it does for books...
"Brother and Sister Bonding" till 4 in the morn. #WizKalifaInspired °°°
the term oomf <
Selling beats isn't about how hot your beats are. It's about pricing them accordingly, considering competition's prices VS their skills
#IsMelissaA i think so! I cant wait to see!
What are you writing about?
My ASM told this lady that this candy shrinks if you put it in vodka.She replied, that's not the only thing that shrinks in vod.Made my day
Hey, I'm not everybody! I'm my own person! I'm *special*. And so are you. So are all of us! We're all special!!!
$200 Cash prize for best costume Saturday night!
haha, there would have to be a predetermined date hashtag
Who is this?
Wishing I was cuddling with my baby right nown
Update on Huntington 5th Ave main break: Leak isolated and repairs underway. Only three customers affected. No further need to conserve.
Woo!! Rockn out 2 kings of Leon!!
Hello again
Me and In the studio rehearsing for our show in B-More Brass Monkey this Saturday, May 19th
Thanks for trying out #YouAreWhoYouFollow!
Good call
We are so excited to be going. Soon I'll try to wrap my head around it and I'll keep your expertise in mind. Thanks!
I stepped in dog shit today, it must mean good fortune.
you good
Thanks guys!
My influencers work in 3 distinct ways. Most inform my discoveries, some influence me to to think/challenge, a very few to act.
Glad to see going well for you :)
"Whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, whatever is commendable...if there is anything worthy of praise, think on these things."
Found a shirt and saw mall :)
Freaking mad my effing dog stepped all over the shirt and messed it up.. Well maybe next time
Momma didnt raise a fool. Thats why the joke is alwys on you
follow back
#thingsisayatayankeegame: hey that guys from maine!
I'm glad everybody is having fun
That awkward moment when the teacher is yelling at your friend & the class is all serious & you're about to burst out laughing.
En route to New Orleans
“: So aware of the behind the scenes "reality" of reality shows it makes it difficult for me to watch TV" do tell?!?!
Dissanayake: Art is a strategy necessary for human survival.
O yeah RT : Ooh! Everyone Head to Old Town for BOO & Brews tonight, party time! RT : beer beer an
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don't let people bring you down.”
RT The "DJ" at era tonight was furiously turning knobs and hittin buttons on an APC40 that was not plugged in to his laptop.
Well now you're one step closer to getting access... sneaky sneaky.
These past couple days have made me happy, all because of him :p
follow back?
Dark chocolate with caramel and sea salt. So good.
Looks like Chrome 20 (dev) will simplify edges in canvas if it reaches a certain complexity. Chrome 18 just chokes.
According to the Bible, Moses was 80 years old when he led the Jews out of Egypt.
I hope u have a meet and greet or another concert in NY
should I even go to sleep :O
Whew! just woke up from my nap. now it's time to get ready for tonight.
Meeting tonight at 7pm at Birdie's Cafe - as always, anyone interested is welcome to attend!
post the picture thats your background on twitter! (:
I've heard Moodle is a very open platform, but difficult to set up. Do you have any resources on exploring and working with Moodle?
I'm glad to see Ivette and Nikki still here
I am a dope now I get it! Lol! I think I hit my head on tramp with the little boy. Lol
I need a job! Wheres a good place i can go to get one!?!?
one of my favorite summers ever.
Nf .. Follow back .
oh, I take you seriously. I just have been busy w/ theory that I remembered I need to reread Berryman to remind me whats pretty
thanks our pleasure to serve you, glad you were happy with the job.
There are some crazy ass noises going on in my house. Trying to figure out .if it's neighbors blasting music or the cat snoring.
am i the only one who doesnt understand math???
I apologize for the rude comments people have sent. They do not represent all of the #BBN good luck at whichever school u choose
Register for INFO 320 Fall 2011 and learn to create a database, develop research strategies, and understand information policy.
yep, lots of cushion right there
Mothers day brunch excited to try and review for kickSprout food blog
i have loved and i have lost
I cringe when people put soy sauce in rice. I'm sorry but that is just gross.
Wanting a flashing toothbrush.
Bowling w. the babes (:
Great lunch w today. He uses big words that I don't understand. I probably use small ones that he doesn't.
Improve Customer Service: Scanning reduces delays and strain on both staff & customers by providing instant access to docs online.
after how much i've done for you, this is what you do to me? woah.
Kentucky won!!! What now?! Lol
Don't have any thoughts right now. Don't have any feelings. Is this normal. Is it the new me?
Happy Mardi Gras festivities!!! What will you be doing today?
Thanks, I do my best!
Watchin Days Of Our Lives...gonna turn it to ICarly
IDGAF about most people. Blame Tyrone
BiPolarMoment: Wondering if when I get Alzheimer's I'll forget to be so depressed.
They stole one in the 2nd. “: With the 35th pick of the 2012 NFL Draft the Ravens select Courtney Upshaw.Had they kept their..
Hi Joan All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
God didn't make me to fit in he made me to stand out
that was the worst one I've seen out of all these
shes the the girl who sing the annoying song "friday"
I need change. Routine gets boring so quickly.
I'd love to go but i have to b St work n da early am. Man
Sigh lost by 16 points in darts, game 1 of Game of Games
True spirituality is not an absence of suffering. It is an honoring of it, being present to it, instead of pretending to be immune to it.
I hope my sleep deprived brain can remember all the songs.
#mmj caregiver patients don't forget it's preroll Friday and Sat! We've got some good stuff in house today. Just our way of saying Thanks!
Wow! Today is such an incredible day! Maybe that ridiculously dull dream reset something in my head, I feel like a billion bucks!
ThunderUp!! RT Mike Brown on OKC's home crowd: "Off the top of my head, it's definitely a top three building."
book your USA 7-21 day small group adventure and get 20% off for the month April!
Plaeasant House Bakery opening up for a fish fry dinner tomorrow, 964 W. 31st, Bridgeport
His technique was incredible for handling nose tackles, but if the two sides are that far apart it shouldn't happen. Cya Scott
LCSH: Dungeons and Dragons : Social Aspects
MT we all have common interests in improving & protecting our kids; much agreement re:class size, testing etc
I wake up to another blessed day in California, but it's not the place you are at. It's the place you are going. My journey has just begun
what uni's for tomorrow?
College: Mississippi State freshman Hood will transfer Mississippi State freshman Rodney Hood is leaving the program, new coach Rick Ray
yes i have learned the hard way that i need to listen to your intuition
ATTENTION GIRLS!!!: CHECK OUT THIS WEEK POST AT IT’S ALL ABOUT MAKEUP!!
Good for you for telling it like it is. I'm sure you've given him or her a great deal to think about.
I sleep like a baby and feel beyond rested in the morning. So nightie night!
Yep, that happened to me earlier today
Oh I've done that too! #edumooc2 (Blame it on the Auditory Learning type? Not sure if Learning style/type still accepted)
“: Yes, I imagine the Spring Arcade becoming LA's version of SF's Ferry Building #DTLA”
Don't you just love when your friends make plans and you're not invited, I know I do.
Get outta there you. I find myself saying this at least 6 times a day.
If in 2012 anybody notices me not using the term "anal blast" please remind me of my New Year resolution.
I hope Kyle Wiltjer crashes the Kentucky press conference and announces his departure to the NBA
Funny to hear "I Just Had Sex" playing at a major clothing store. "A woman let me put my penis inside of her" at the Gap or Walmart? Never!
Our flag is symbolic of our taxes. We get red when we talk about them, white when we get our tax bills, and blue after we pay them.
What will each candidate do to help small businesses obtain desperately needed capital? Will they direct increased $ for loans?
YOU STARING TO HARD.......DONT GET BAPPED!!!!!!
Dead hungry
Ready to see which school has the best American history program.
I don't think I can pick just one fave, it was all awesome!
I hope you stay forever alone.
Tough to win a Stanley Cup and a Super Bowl within 7 months or so, but Boston will give it a try
Potato chips for breakfast......
#Sportsbiz #sbchat RT : Follow It will be tweeting out relevant sports agent info during the
Feeling like complete crap but I guess I've got to make the best of it.
My iPod sits on my desk. I just use iTunes when I listen to music. The headphones I bought for my iPod speed up the songs :/
Gee, wonder where I can go on Sunday to escape all the #SuperBowl hoopla? Really-I couldn't care less.
On the bus going to Hollywood bowl :D.
Prior to you could really start setting financial goals, you have to determine where you stand financially.
Thank you for the mention, have a great week!
I spy at green room!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 15
Nah! Fridays make me psychic.:-))
I don't know how I haven't watched Celebrity Apprentice this whole time, they chose the nastiest women ever for this show, it is awesome.
I love you baby!!!
I want strait A's this quarter so I guess I'm about to study? sheesh.
he's just so much better in emarosa
Baltimore bound
gotta be hard up there since its cold
At the lighthouse! Yay for booze!
TGIF and Bourbon Hour at (with Arielle)
bo if I can ever figure this stuff out I'll post it on urs.. It is beyond cute..(it has to do with beagles)
We'd love to see a few more folks Following one of our favorite actors << please show him love.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
This girl is wearing black shoes and white socks. I just want to throw up on her. Not a lot, but enough so she'll go home and change.
Also turns out my agency backed 2 loans for Taylor Gourmet until they were established enough for private lenders to take a chance on :)
haha, you are right! LA is treating me well, but i am so excited to go back to Chicago for a few days during the holidays.
Hey <3 i love you
Saw #woostergroup 's & 's prod. of The Early O'Neill plays -At long last an entire ensemble in the same world onstage.
Ever since Ariana was a little girl, she's accomplished many, from gettin leads in plays and performing. She still accomplishes more &more<U+2665>
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet TREND IT! (: :D
How are ya doing today?
#hbo cancelled #howtomakeitinamerica and #boredtodeath?! Keeps enlightened?! Looks like #showtime will continue to dominate
been so long... what's been going on lol found a tight venue here in #vegas!
My wish too #NYthenNC RT : NY Senate passes gay marriage!!! Wish North Carolina could kick into gear for equality.
Milan, Lake Como, Venice, Verona for total of 2 weeks. Already thinking about how to get a teaching job there :)
I'm getting off for the night :)
I wish there was a way to quantify desperation because the #Pens would be on top easily!
See what the DL Lowry team created for Lawrence Central prom students, at 7:45 am today on Fox59.
haven't slept in 3 days, so now its about that time to watch sheep jump over the moon or was it cows? oh well, i'll watch the moon :)
I read the books during our trip to Africa. They were amazing & the movie was almost as good ;)
I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more <3
In #Whitewater with Robert Young, exec dir of the Whitewater University Research Park, a great leader for a remarkable facility.
That's weird, all these diehard Kansas fans popping up on my TL have louisville profile pics.
I am considering being late next time too! Happy valentines day girl
Cat ladies get on my nerves!
part 2 is on point. Thanks for sharing.
You just now realized this? RT : Okay... Note to self, dresses weaken men
What NOT to do when you're bored: Color your hair.
Going to be real with ya'll, Rickey Rubio can play basketball. Suddenly, the Minnesota Timberwolves are balling.
Some people feel that way about poker. But, those of us that understand the art behind the game appreciate it.
that's nice and I'm happy for you, now get your ass to Wisconsin!!
I wonder what Maurice Sendak really thought of the pile of garbage that was Jonze's take on Wild Things.
just became a member and a Facebook friend of PRX and now connected on twitter. Glad to be on board.
thanks! i'm going to see if i can get away with the free account
Happy Friday, everyone! Do you know what a YAG laser is and what it can do for you?
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead oh god! I'm leaving town
magic is everywhere...even in the smallest things :)
I ate my weight in oysters, shrimp, and champagne. Mother's Day was a success! Hope you all had a fabulous one!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving! I am thankful to be living in America's Finest City.
Thinking about taking a space at a Music Festival in Colorado Springs next month....
RT : Just boarded on my way back to Vegas for
": OMG what a first half, but I know what is coming up in the second.... #SpursDomination" hell yea #GoSpursGo!!!
#getrich 1) Follow Your Passion 2) Don't Be Afraid to Fail (they all did) and then 3) Give Back - I wish I would have tivo'd that one
Great tour of the ASMO facility today in Greenville, NC - Thank you to Terry Olson and his team!
RT : Gov. #TomRidge: If you want a safer, more prosperous world we must invest in #ForeignAssistance. - #USGLC Conference
Good morning, Twitter. I'm locked in that age-old battle: Firefly-Star Wars mashup tee or Skullkitty tee?
At planet fitness
haha u lookin hot girl haha like i have been ready for like 30 min
3 reviews for your delectation/condemnation:
Wise folk speak for themselves and make their own decisions. Shallow folk are slaves to the opinions of others and act accordingly.
Seersucker strapless minidress at a wedding breaks so many of my rules.
Come over right now.
in honor of #AgDay and #NutritionMonth do you have any great #leanbeef #recipes to share with us?
Shout out to all the pretty girls who love DICK
its cause were awesome.
Ugh Betty Draper is back
Well it's #SportingKC gameday...that means I'm back to doing my gameday rituals
How terrible it is to love something that death can touch
Do you have a favorite inspiring video on You Tube? I'd love some recommendations.
Milwaukee!! 1:00 a.m. Saturday near Water and Holton streets.Pedestrian Injured After Being Hit By Vehicle. Watchout people !!!!!
your a guy.. you don't have boobs.
"Have mercy on me, have mercy on my soul, don't let my heart turn cold"
RT : God has blessed so much to the point there is no way I could not pray for my enemies/strangers/friends/family.
Think you can’t have fast and fresh? Think again. Taco Time’s veggies are chopped fresh and delivered daily.
and should we choose a topic ahead of time?
then you will be in for a treat this summer! Lol.
i was happy and then i got in the car with you.
where u been niga
Go Arkansas State!! represent the A State in a Beast way!!!
I do.
What a hater! Go IU!
Im gunna try and tweet more i promise! :) ~24days<3x~
first game of the year...do we still go into #beastmode? I really need to know before I get beasty in front of my wife's coworkers
. Even worse: seen the latest one with the raucous boat party? Got a few non-white faces there, but partying instead of serving.
Burying Luck acoustic is pretty goddamn genius.
Guess who won €267?? Which is the same as $300!!!
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
lol where u at
stupid geography teacher, why couldn't you tell us what we were supposed to study for our test tomorrow?
Come home from hooping to see my lakers getting blow off the planet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
thanks to all who came and rocked out to Easton Ashe! great time!!! big thanks to SkinnyJeans
GRIND BOLD flavor is Sulawesi Toraja.
Second block who class im Finna go to
got a macbook tablet [;
#ThanksToMyEx I know how to treat a woman right
goodnight twitter!
congrats! Have you found an apartment yet?
Did I just see a Scientology commercial during the Grammys wtf?
i don't have an attitude problem- it's supposed to be that way
someone said my band is a wannabe ... I'd disagree, but I'll take that. Yes, yes I would like to be Four Year Strong haha.
maybe we should record 's ring for you, so you can always remember us.
All the way until the last out of that game tonight, I was pretty sure Bill Hall was going to do something to beat the
Madden fans, TryOuts is hosting a tornament w/a grand prize of $1000!!! Call 210-558-6558 or go2 www.tryoutssanantonio.com 4 info
LOVE the profile pic! Love ur a #Cowboys fan too!
Waiting on my phone call.!!!! The suspense is killing me.!! #cheerLEADER.!!
Welp, with Frank gone and Lefebvre's TV roll reduced, looks like I'll be watching #Royals games on mute with the radio feed cranked.
Spend Sum'n !
RT Hey it's Monday. Smile and bat your eyelashes at a stranger. Also maybe have a dance party or something.
Okay, I get out of class at 8. But I will come! :)
Observer-Mobitel Cricket Contest will further strengthen cricketers ability
Gm sweetheart u having a good week xx
Tell us your New Year's Business Resolutions on social media! We plan to continue to stress to our clients the importance of social media!
Sounds good! Were having a mini college reunion so my schedule is in the hands of my friends, but hopefully we can meet up!
Buy a $100 model of a giant ship and spend the next four weeks putting it together and that will never happen again.
YES. Where they go, we'll follow... Even if only in spirit
Several #Chicago bars get noms for Outstanding Bar Program: The Aviary, Bar Agricole, Pegu Club, PDT, The Violet Hour
Come on, kid. Push back the Barleycorn's stop bc of the presser so that I can stop by after class.
Wish you the best wherever you end up. Wish it were with Pads.
how embarrassing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
yikes! Dam well i need to hurry my ass up! Lol
Chocolate makes everything better. Except obesity
yeah buddy! Registrations should be up and running very soon - we'll have the big fixed shortly...thanks for your patience!
If you're tweeting you must not be dancing. At least dance a cumbia for me.
and hopefully the next 4 or 5...
I used to follow him on twitter...always tweeted a bunch of nonsense. Quit following...
Kenny Powers and Eastbound and Down: so epically awesome!
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
The moon has a nice "not-that-much-bigger-than-usual" look to it tonight.
2.5 hours, 3 stores, & 3 completely CLUELESS sales associates later, I have my PSP. Great price...Not sure it was worth the hassle
have a tumblr my kid does for me can't remember!!
Happy Birthday, Shakespeare!
hahah I got u!
I don't like feeling forced to do something. Everything has changed. I'm sorry my man is more important than our fucked up friendship.
it is fun learning to do more than one thing well. .
The 10th annual Wing-Fest in Buffalo this weekend for those that are looking for a last minute mini-vacation before school starts!
Amazing new
Congrats on new position!!
Some people believe that officers and prosecutors can be reasoned with, without the help or advice of an attorney. BIG MISTAKE!!
Mom, Dad, and Terry Kisses!
I don't understand. What is the point of being a secretary if you're not going to help the people who call your business?!
Nothing quite like getting my ass handed to me to wrap up this Friday.
If politicians would simply do their inner work, work through their insecurities, fears and egos, they'd work together for the Greater Good.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Traditional Indian Wedding Package- Call (405)879-7015 and book your consultation today.
Happens to me all the time. But I just find her with her laugh. It's really loud. Haha!
What's up my people.... I'm Drinking Cisco I'm Drinking Cisco....LOL
#knitting in the car :D I have to finish this hat! (no worries someone else is driving....) ;)
Got my summer calculus homework today
We want to say congrats to - for helping spread the word, you won a $50 Sephora GC! (cc )
I'm so glad that Zynga has added "spam Facebook" to their list of "annoying things we have done."
SHUT UP! That's where I went to undergrad (and where I saw for the first time)!!! SO FUN!
can't wait to see Manny in the ring...
o tough one but i choose chillin with Austin shirtless.....yum
Thanks for the follow Jon! I'm looking forward to your tweets. Cheers!
great product. You need one for every room in the apt.
Good after noon twitter friends! !!
THNX But we couldn't do it without you!
???? You talking bout AO...yea he there...
go to target!
w/ management booking shows for the summer, where should i perform @?
Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza.
Ikr y'all need to find out wen everybody gon b free...yu kno how y'all females b lbs
crack is a hell of a drug lol
shit All of you are #banging :)
Yay I just found five dollars in my pant pocket. Happy <U+E057>
In training for Power School Studio Edition
#EmailMarketing Tip 16: watch frequency. Don’t overload the in-box, top reason for unsubscribes. Offer frequency choices....
Keep your game sharp by "putting it on the blade". Right ???
Houston Hoops finish Nike #EYBL regular season w/12-3 record after loss to B-More Elite (47-42). Still #1 in Division & Peach Jam Bound!
son my friend
its chill dummy :p jk haha no problem
Its funny how wen u really want sumone they don't b on dat..but soon as u ova them thats wen they show all this interest
twitter is telling me who to follow..........it is showing mitt romney's twitter account. um, no thanks.
everyone been saying that
Show 's new publishing house some love and follow , por favor!
Working on a #skydiving movie right now #timelapses #air and #love from the light. Beautiful behind the camera watching the sun go down.
There is no need of any competition with anybody. U R yourself, and as U R, U R perfectly good. Accept urself" — Osho
MFME stands for my favoirte movie ever
Amazing concert! So tired..
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
Nice article, Tom. Thanks!
Might have to fire up the generator
I Know , Thank God
on the recording stage NOW!!- STAINS OF NEWARK
I actually know someone who was on that ship. They'll be on GMA tomorrow morning.
Thanks for the RT! Have a happy Tuesday!
1550 steps toward the goal
RT : no problem just seen the newest eposide, show needed to be a hr! <<We're working on that for next...
hey mama! I figure that you're not getting my texts because I ain't gettin no reply, but let's hangout today!
check out 2020 cycle, they have a good used collection
Love you too Andrea :) Have an amazing day. Don't forget to meet BTW I got tweeted from her. ;)
Thank you very much bradjar, all the support we can get is much appreciated!
: Cute as shit! If u wasnt on dat phone i woulda went smack...
I knew it was you sitting down there! I was there too, on the right side. I got some good pics as well. Micci
from the dirty to shoreline blvd,get ya mind rite my flow ice cold im pimpin blonde dikes,my niga tunrned 1 n 2 ,3 its called strechin the d
I'm really tired
I don't believe I have, sir. lol
there not as cheap as the other ones but trust me well worth it
RT : Starting Thursday if u park at a #DC parking meter that has a red top you will be ticketed or towed
OMG. My house swayed.
AMEN sister! My pick too.
Thank you. :)
where r u playin?
Goodnight! When I wake up I will be in VACATION MODE
Hunger Games, all the way
Fuck Everyone! Including YOU :)
I am liton. I want to Developed My Carrier by the Financial Marketing Site. now i am Working in odesk.
RT TheOzPrinciple: What you are getting is what you create accountability for.
as Long as I been on here ain Neva seen tweet such harsh shit like this I hope yhu feel betta boo <U+2665> :)
Sweet Sixteen again! Congrats to Buzz and the #mubb boys
You are WAY to kind! Good Tweeting w/ you, LOmAX! ;)
But you know I just want you to take care of yourself.
Hey can u follow me plz
Good morning! Writing day will kick off in an hour. How is parenthood treating you?
I turned old, friend.
the president comes to town today. hes probably waiting in line to check in for his flight right now. i wonder if they waive his bag fees?
Heeeyy. I just followed : )
Setting up Twitter account with help from crew! Thanks &
I love bossing people into reading books! :D
if you have xboxlive, please try Bloodycheckers indie game for 80 ms points !!
Shocking... #not RT : UK's Davis, Kidd-Gilchrist, Teague, Jones & Lamb will all enter NBA Draft
You're a gold star student!
the brain! Haha
A fantastic rehearsal tonight for Alive. Some scary shit, people. Now, I come out to a clearing, moonlit night that smells of autumn.
has the best twitter wallpaper ever. End of story.
Answers to Groupon Questions: Yep, everyone is welcome to buy it! Old and new clients alike. Cheers!
Koral is a breath of fresh air for Bellevue foodies!! :) dig it.
no I am definitely lucky! Good to meet you!
Definitely give user #24 tickets.
i love the game you all played today it was lovely and i knew you was go kick they arr
Oh you better get ready because they are coming!
"We seem to have a Solon or Lycurgus in every second or third town and district." --Boston Committee of Correspondence, 1773
I don't think that tools need to be simple per se but I am all for investment and high payoff. What else but R?
gotta keep trying never gonna stop til i reach my goa;
see u around then..
haha all done in one night #Stressed but atleast we didn't have like paper numbers :P
-Twitcon is pretty ;)
RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
I don't find that funny
Yo Gary!! The Bike Line, in Indianapolis is a Top 50 Gary Fisher dealer!! Woot Woot!
Heyheyhey. Come to y friends soccer game with me and my bestfriend kat tomorrow and I'll love u forever
yes i know. But one of the sides is called a madonna. The right. As the lady who pierces me said so.
Hmm. Stab my eyes with a screwdriver or read the comments section of the Journal Sentinel Scott Walker "God has a plan for us" article?
RT : Im so excited to be on the list! I can't wait to come perform for teenhoot fans! meet you guys (:
Reverbnation actually, ain't no rock like midwest rock. And congrats on the number one! Check us out our links in our bio!
Thank you everyone for all the new follows this week! Together we can make a difference to drive social change
in our newsroom this a.m.
I don't understand twitter.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you. -Will Rogers
If you think dogs can't count, try putting 3 dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only 2 of them. ~Phil Pastoret
and a wordpress..what, they have updated the back too with these slick jquery effects.
"nobody" wants "somebody" that's been with "everybody"
Anyone who thinks that brilliant academics cannot be kind should meet Jim Faubion. His graciousness never ceases to impress me.
RT Who wants a free Nick Lowe LP? Shoot us a tweet with #istillbuyrecords. We'll pick one winner at 5pmE.
Government information is of use to people and the reverse is true - paraphrasing Malamud at
U're in IL? 90 min from my house! Dude, next time plan your trip better! lol
his name was Rodney "Quills" Jenkins. LMAO
gum balls yum
Once upon a time your mother was a whore...then you were born. The end.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Yet another congrats to RE their $9 Mil round. Sam, Beth and team are great. A must have app for biz travelers.
shut up
I love them
Muuuaaah hah hah... RT It's Monday. You're already at least halfway to the Dark Side. Admit it.
i'd say that's a good guess
Cool! and won tickets to #wcreno courtesy of WooThemes! @ reply with your Woo-powered site to win yours
It is in my pasta as we speak, increasing the deliciousness 12-fold. I am listening to as well.
topanga? #Americanting lol can't stop saying gOod luck!!! The chem exam will go well<U+2665>
Jazz is main course: trumpet, flugle horn, percussion: but been away awhile. Writing books direction now with counseling.
Treat her exactly how she deserves to be treated or watch someone else do it..
I mean the obnoxious generic beat they put on it
Aztecs vs Bruins at Wooden Classic just got really interesting with Shabazz Mohammed announcement.
Congrats to Tina and Alex Byland!! :)
and we are in your basement
Jello and rainbows seem to be the theme on Pinterest today...anyone else seeing this?
Launching 2 websites this week. Looking for a new client that is looking for a new website or a
Finish off this sunny Seattle day with a cocktail at The Upstairs! Bartenders choice (it rotates) is just $5 at happy hour, 5-8pm.
Aint life grand today. I sure wish people would give Obama a chance and stop expecting miracles.
Today Is Gaga's Day Sweet 26 Mother Monster Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!
ok follow me back then
what for reals! Seriously I wanna go. Which 24 do you go to? I just got back from the gym and I'm all sore.
Tweet dreams! Say your prayers!
I guess it's time to go back to being closed off again.
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we count ourselves among them
RT Tomorrow is my son Bday...he gonna be nine:) .....awww that's the age of my son. ...
NHS funds dental study on alternative caries treatment
Thanks to (Dan Christopherson), (adam bjaranson) for an unforgettable eating contest!
dont worry chey, I got your back.
fuck this day and everyone in it
omg so cnt wait to hear it.. plzzz notice me :(
Brawny Paper Towels are
Today's BTU inspiration: "Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress." ~Mahatma Gandhi
Letting the original speaker have the voice rather than placing interpretation on it allows other stories to come through as well.
8 mile run
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. F D.R
if i roofied you id have raped you. That didnt happen so you didnt get roofied.
“: I swear phones should have breathalyzers... #seriously”. So damn true
Spelling sliders with a 'z', as in sliderz, does not make me want to eat fish from a gas station. #justsayin'
I have always hated notre dame, and this just adds to it.
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE? No, not my new hairdo (business in the front/party in the back) you didn't notice our sweet new home page WWW.IRS.GOV
jones should be a nice addition and losing suggs do hurt but it doesn't make or break the team anything can happen
I wish they would make a coffee maker that wouldn't start until I had my cup under it. Not like I had my coffee yet.
I know dats rite bout wat u tweeted
I dont believe what Miley believes hun and there is one God and then heaven and hell.
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future. ~ Ralph Abernathy
sounds like an uninformed opinion since you do not know what was presented in his hearing. Facts could be on Braun's side.
Guess I'll be getting Corner Bakery or something from the cafeteria for lunch. I'm not going out there fucking w/that rain...
has been a tremendous help organizing for April 26th
I'm not sure if the Reds are a bad team - I don't think they're BAD - but they sure are playing awful baseball right now. Let's go Redlegs!
Our resident glass artist brought in new cast & fused glass pendants. Lots of bright colors for you.
Ok so i asked a guy out to the movies and he said yes, but it wasn't just any guy, i like him (:
maybe they're testing to see if we're over the $10k Perry bet fiasco.
So Garnett just push a ref's hand away and only get a technical???
Can we make that image the icon for the Stand-Up skype chat?
,not surprised.
then go to sleep
Melbourne clinic closing down during 40 Days for Life - 361 babies ...
Some people need to remember family comes first before anything else. Dont get it twisted!
We should all want a smarter more effective government. When we act together there's nothing the US cant achieve - President Obama
Thanks for the link. Any improvement to student experience is a plus. I'll keep an eye on developments.
tweeted ur sister, she's probably trying to figure out who it is. Ask how u & Xander r! Hope u r doing well. Give Xander a hug!
I second that RT Good job last night #TeamRockBox with 2 sold out shows for
good im winning the poke wars on fb lol
Bring unwanted craft supplies to #ducf2011. will accept 'em at her my marigold table. Small Craft will resell 'em at a future event.
Thanks for the reminder; I bout SAGA last week but couldn't download it until today. I loved it!
43% off at the COSMOPOLITAN in ! 2 Night Stay Nov 25-27 + TWO Club admissions...Whose ready to party it up in ?!
Gotta love a Tuesday night slump buster!!
Uniqueness is definitely part of why I like outsider art. Maybe it's just personal taste and defies easy articulation?
One of the most effective methods to attain resources to manage your company is receivables factoring
it was way to close for comfort!
I really hope it snows in Atlanta tonight. No work, no school means I can relax!
thanks jenna. could be Rocky workout music too. ": love your bio"
why u trippin
hahahaha. We are the apocalypse
Did anyone know #gunsnroses is releasing a new album? When will #Axel stop?
8 days left of school
Basketball tickets for next Saturday's game sold out in about an hour! So crazy. Loving this school spirit
We are getting ready for a host of tune-up shows before we make our apollo show in Sept. we got something new on youtube.
fight me.
Something about Eminem is so hot
we're missing you! We brought tomato juice especially for you...
Key Note Speakers Include: Barbara Poppe, Executive Director, U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness
Had Carmina Burana tickets but got dumped & now listening to a bunch of lonely monks whine about not getting any doesn't sound fun. :-(
Of customers surveyed, how many were handed a prototype? The customer is not wrong, it's how the data was collected that's wrong.
no. hahahah. but my dad is gonna teach me soon!
Next opportunities for speakers: Saturday at 9 a.m. at the LCPS Administration Building in Ashburn.
Animated fruit frighten me.
T shirts gradually became the favorite garment of every generation, from toddlers to teenagers to pot bellies.
A marine was discharged for writing on Facebook "I will not follow all orders from [Obama]" (among other things about the president.)
glad to be following <3
Wouldn't feel like NYC without someone singing Grease Every night around midnight in the apt above me.
thank you again for a very informative hour!
I just finished 4 seasons of Babylon 5. While a fun show, the most memorable parts were the curled bangs.
Hey, idk if I should do a broadcast right now. You want me to?
TY so much!
Do you think the media is making too big a deal of the Rex Ryan situation? #Jets. He didn't do anything wrong here.
What time do the Heat have to get those unis back to the shuffleboard squad at the retirement home? Go #Cavs!
Anxious for some #Redskins football!!
Just booked 2 nites @ hotel in Erie for my 'writer getaway wknd' that cost less (combined) than designer jeans I will wear all said weekend.
": SONGWRITERS ARE THE REAL SUPERSTARS!!!! #WRITINGSESSIONSAMERICA” where's the email??
I'm going to Arlington to see Kelly Willis in concert on Sat. Bring back any memories from your Austin days?
added you. do you play scramble with friends?
GREAT DECISION! By Rip….
def got some copies of the port side flying around here at the honnold cafe...
Watching That 70's Show!
#follow us for information about economic #consulting, #marketing, #graphic #design, and #small business
thanks for RT all of a sudden I have these BroScience tweeps following me. What is broscience?
I regret waisting all this money on a shity band that didn't even go ANYWHERE! Fuck it tho... this is the last time I form a band together.
Tigers/Sox too? I know just the place 4 TAILGATE
Thank you.
A4. contd. Supportive and concurrent therapy can help begin, strengthen recovery and evaluate the effectiveness/interaction of meds.
hahahaha u silly what's up lol
On our way to Orlaaaanndddo! :)
I'm at a loss why a change was even needed. I liked the old logo just fine.
Rev. Stuart: "this discriminatory law does not reflect our values"
NVM. I get it now
I Love ONE TREE HILL!! :D
Carlos Guillen provided some great memories: walk-off vs NYY at 2:30 AM, Jared Weaver, and countless other big hits
so happy for you man!! Can't wait to see some pics of the rings!!
I've come to realize that tattoos hurt more after than they do during LOL
I just watch fight videos like skate park fights and skateboarders fighting with security guards those r funny
You KNOW I'm down for a hoops game. I got two words why the Pols don't want none of the UT in football: Billy Ray.
No one knows how to use the four way stop or roundabouts anymore. They are all "good drivers" though.
Much thanks!
God CBS announcers are terrible at getting players names right, sheard and taylor are two totally different names!
Ha! Better your head than your heart
#modevux I think we'll be hearing the word "fork" often today.
Super Customer Experience: Leaders, Are You Attitude Ready? by <my comments added>
Parents are in town. Headed to the Old Fashioned for a fish fry. If they ask nice, I might even let them buy.
love what you all are doing ! we'd loved to feature you in our new mag. Premiere issue coming soon
We kicking it tomorrow after bro.
ha matt mesigue!!
I'm not here to live a mediocre life.
calling a douche bag a stupid hoe
thanks keeping us all posted the past few days! Let's hope this WHS is a step in the right direction!
are you coming to boston anytime soon ?
Oops. I ment Klaus and Rebecca. Im hoping Elijah will team up with the salvadors; they better watch out for Bonnie's mom
Thank you so much! :)
That would fall into the category of “The Generic Fallacy.”
It's #snowing still," said Eeyore gloomily. "So it is." "And freezing." "Is it?" "Yes," said Eeyore.
Thanks to , the Kernochan Center and June Besek for the wonderful program today with Paul Aiken of
Day 2 #MayDaze. Trying to catch and co. today.
music or tuna - always a difficult choice.
Saved By The Bell!
All I have consumed today are donuts and tofu
Hillary Clinton Faces Heckler During Speech, visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Let's hope for a cooler day manana!
MT LOVE the tech how-to's section. lots of my coworkers don't do #flannelfriday because the tech overwhelms them-this is helpful!
you bust girls and your friends are too cool!
Awe, I miss you too. Wanna stop by class tomorrow and see you and the new place!
I know - it's so true!
Remember when the Saints turned the ball over 3 times and the 49ers went up 17-0 on way to a blow out? That was cool, it lasted 6 minutes.
i'm tweeting you the whole show
is hollywood as hell. You missed 30 free throws, tried to be a hero an smoked dame smh
Big day at work today!
Remember when you almost pushed him over? Lmao good times
hahah woahhh! they must be so alike! hahah totally!
Off to work
Playing tonight at Sundy's. Come check it out around 9 pm. Hope to see you there!
Working on the web site and admin stuff....where are the parties at this weekend?
Dawg I wanna goto them beach -.-
Dont be insecure your heart is pure
Bad news for Carlos Marmol owners RT : Sveum finally considering a change at closer. Names Russell and Dolis as his options.
But what up doe
COMING SOON: A downloadable version of our User's Guide - learn all about Fonts HD! Also coming: 2009 Fonts Inventory - see what we got!
#Dance tonight to the sounds of last night was crazy lets do it again tonight!
It happens. If the Pack weren't in the playoffs, I'd be rooting for the Falcons.
cause you need to lol
juan has it
Dear , please forgive me.... Drawing a tweed jacket at #drawsomething was harder than I thought it would be, I cheated
:-) what's the other part
take a ice bath
QUROSS' B-DAY CELEBRATION AT PO' BOYZ IN FOLSOM WITH CONFLICT MINERALS AND MARCH INTO PARIS. DON'T B E SQUARE YOU FOLKERS!!!! -CONXMIN-
classic “: "Oil Spill Turns up Trove of Indian Relics". Indian? Really? What year is your copywriter still living in?”
Moving up in the weight room is one of the greatest feelings ever. Still haven't turned any heads yet, so back to the weight room tomorrow.
in Austin we're up in the middle of the night watching a storm; in Tahrir Square 1 year anniversary #jan25 may the storms pass peacefully
RT : Let's go to the place on the corner.
Maybe I'll get lucky & American Horror Story will be on Demand and/or on Hulu at some point. Or maybe for free on iTunes? (crosses fingers)
Remember that sweet more calories. It is natural that we have cravings for sweet things especially chocolates and other confectionary
lol thank you . Hows your son doing ?
This Beachboy Addition lol Follow us spread the word
u okay??? “ Neither time nor alcohol helps how unhappy I am here. I tweet so I remember exactly how miserable I am in Tampa.”
haha, you must ;) what part of PA?
what? you are crazy. Howard the Duck is amazingly 80s. Wouldn't be bad if it was redone as an animated movie kids-type movie though
": The time you take worrying about the next man should be the time you use to better yourself"
I have 100 standup shows under my belt, I'm entry-level, I find myself being more appreciative of comedians, it's a tough grind
I realized that I’m more inclined towards the calm and personal approach
tonight giving out tix for KISS THE SUMMER HELLO 2012 and backstage with
Sorry can't take a picture of my awesome Easter meal, because it's in me belly!
Driving back to DC now. Went 0/2 in tourneys but did well in the cash games. Won a 7k pot today at 5/10.
Thank you for another successful morning at - we'll see you this Thursday for another round. :)
Definitely trapped inside one of those "is this my life" moments...
Will be running at Lapham Peak in the morning. Will be nice with the rain.
Dora been killing the game with the muffin top and the killer bangs for a minute...
I can't wait till u come back 2 Chicago <U+E058>
Peter now you can DM her and ask her out like we've been talking about! Allie, leave the helmet at home please
okay girl :D
everybody is talking but not really saying much because they just wanna hear their own voices.
Keep your paws off my longneck. (yes)
lol there's always something getting in the way in my dreams. Once I dreamed I was gonna do it but the guy had no butthole. Scary.
This is exciting news! Partners in the Fight for Immigration Reform that Moves America Forward « NAFSA: Association of International...
Uptown Saturday Night
oh, can't wait to see that.
Winding up an idyllic weekend in Quogue-- swimming, croquet & kadima, plus lots of grilling & eating. Now with added thesis work!
Next week, right?
Cool! I haven't drank in a long time... Tonight is Tequila and beer. WOO HOO
Sheesh, thanks Idaho senate for mandating ridiculousness, um, it's 2012...women vote.
I got the last one lol the other two was that sister2sister cuz Trey was in it :)
Yes, but Buffet's secretary didn't declare the $50M bonus she got in Dairy Queen gift cards from Warren, did she?
Kidnapped - Extremely well done, well acted, and well written up until the final two minutes. Then it's gratuitous for gratuity's sake.
gahhhh I threw up
I use to cut up oranges and put them on my desk while I did HW because I read the citrus scent keeps you awake and alert :)
RT : Josh Hamilton has 17 home runs. The Cubs have 19.
BainCapital is the bane of my existence. They own Clear Channel who spouts the vile crap of Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, etc.
please follow me i have an important question about joining your fathers broadcast, Impact network.
"Pink Lady is a superior apple." -- My brain, in the voice of Larry King, when I open the vegetable crisper
ahh, a quiet house today, hoping to get lots accomplished! Garden, errands, photos, art, and nice dinner...
Really don't wanna go to Mrs Clark
I want it all back
Thanks for the follow!
ok an yu styled
I like eating breakfast while watching Hey Arnold it's becoming a habit
Palmetto Bay council may be soon taxing parking in the FT&I district - Parking meters on the street side parking.
ya I remember u were working with some scary ass ghetto kids before.
tomorrow starts work on wigs for a production of #senseandsensibility. a little more #janeausten in my life can't hurt!
Hey there! Are you around tomorrow morning by any chance? I need some help with something--if you're game ;)
this building is going to be really happy that its kwhr usage dropped by 40893% last year
get mintzplasse to follow me please bro can you tell him for me when you get this ok
BUFFALO CHICKEN DIP<3
So did I!! Whoops, I blame the drinks. RT : #shehechat sorry forgot my hashtag
if u carry all that bass, quarters etc then you are a bad bitvh then
apparently. I think he would have done better picking anyone else. I don't like Quaresma.
I've always wondered if other people get that feeling! Why do we feel this way? I most recently got it after reading The Passage.
Puto, the fuck u at?! That crackerjack phone die? Lolol. Stop with that prepay shit papi. Call me at the crib
I have someone here who was hurt at one of your locations by one of your employees. You have a responsibility to your customers.
Thanks to the 100's of people who stopped by our booth at the Expo West to sample our desserts & sip espresso. Which was your favorite?
glad to help!
I'm incorporating so many long words into my essay.. Gosh, I feel smart. :P
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 3
- BIG MISTAKE - HUGE!
“: Tried to follow you, but damn, you are gross! #NotFiestasFault” hahahaha for real? Hahahaha
it is on the list for sure!
Oh man, FLA ties it up
$NFLX Hastings: Surpassing Bittorent in unique visitors 'huge,' given worldwide piracy concerns.
never a dull landing at the burbank airport
2-time defending national champion Augusta State men's golf team playing close to home, 8th seed in Athens, GA Regional (via )
you can have him :)
:D Iam very sorry your wasting ur time on me
ok I will :) tell him I say hi even though i don't know him :P
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I had that image posted since 2 days ago ! xD I thought you saw it :P
This old man I met once sends 100s of forwards. I ask to be taken off his list. He refuses, ccs my uncle, calls me mentally unbalanced. ...
Ok guys still having computer worked on. I will be working on website later tonight hopefully and shipping calendar orders by morning
They got and done. 3 more to come!
are you tweeting and playing softball?
Why are people afraid to fail? Loosen up a little , failure changes your direction towards success.
I'm with y'all. I dropped out of so-called support groups a long time ago.
lol I just saw this!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY NINJA!!!!
Once ppl realize what they let go was good, why do they think it's so easy to get it back in a blink of an eye??
The Biblical symbol of the presence of God is not a cross but a fire.
Congratulations to the 15-2 #Packers on a great season. Hopefully this means I'll get more quality time with
Black conservatives would not be able to sip at a public fountain or have their mainstream voice had it not been for civil rights struggle
it's straight. Wby?
I'm not sure what you're tweeting about!
are you the father of kane???
they know not what they speak of
I would, but I ordered bbq
Thanks to all of our supporters. Enjoy your holiday! From, A Whale of a Tale
Sorry for the delay. Personally, I haven't eaten there, but I know a boss who loves NOLA, so perhaps. What was your fav?
I'M GOING AND I GETTING V.I.P
today is sucky
you will not be sorry. have fun.
I'm way to stubborn.
Colabing with From West Africa! On I.C.E Squad Records!
some music videos are so weird, how do they even think of them.
fun fact of the day: the powerpuff girls used to be..."the whoopass girls"! (courtesy of OMG facts)
“: I feel reckless, stupid. I WANNA PARTY.” I'm getting the feeling maegan wants to get fucked up. (: and wants to PARTAAAY.
Nothing's better than than jogging a mile. Everybody should do it.
I want a boy who cares for me and treats me with respect but I know that that boy hasn't shown up yet Mood = lonely *(-.-)*
Agh. So octopi is wrong because it mixes Greek and Latin roots. I knew it sounded funny!!
How are all of you zendaya fans doing out there :)
Bout to take it 2 head <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
"The most stressful thing you can do is try and stay where you are and hold on to what you've got." Think multiply not stagnate. Sullivan
I shouldn't let it bother me, but when Nate Shelman calls it the Democrat Party, I question his maturity and his intellect.
Drop it RT : Might drop this little remix I just did.. What y'all think?
on my way to my football game. gettin excited for football season!
fuck larry hahhahahaha floyd was dominating n e way so i rather see a nigga get dropped than floyd win in 12 hahahah
Can you follow me??????
I think so....I don't feel like I should personally remember items that are in a museum...at least not at my age.
You live in your own social prison.
please follow me <3 I love yoou
iPads are on the way for my teachers; any recommendations on must have apps?
Ditto. I posted it about 30 min ago. So far, so good. :)
I hate that u did not get to come with us
Have a bruise? Here is a natural remedy; use a cold compress of witch hazel, follow with a cold compress of fennel or lavender.
and makeup! guilty!
how's the ear look?
Don't worry - Cooper will save you. Oh, wait...
i like your background!!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
Woke up and did easter hunting! .... Oh what funn ;p
#SpringBreak I MISS YOU!!!! ):
is looking forward to running in the LA Rock & Roll Marathon with my wife, Eileen Prudhont, tomorrow
Congratulations to for the great write up in the !!
It's so hot, I can't even sleep.
You're right.. (hangs head in shame)
it's pretty depressing to think that you don't notice or follow me. </3 #FollowMeAustinMahone!?
I know... It wasn't very bunny at all.
hehe u welcome!! let's get started!!!! woot woot!!
good shit I liked our draft if those rookie WR do work and shaub stays healthy, afc championship at least
idgaf he's sexier okay
Just made 4 copies of my bachelors degree for relatives. Its funny how we work so many years for one sheet of paper
hey every one
thanks! Are you a lynch lover or hater?
we got front row!
On Celebrity Apprentice Lisa Lampanelli claims that Lou Ferrigno is a bully. Lisa is even more foul mouth and vicious than Lou!
Pretend. Release. The Close.
u stay in raleigh
Aw, thanks! Better late than never!
The sub in this class is stupid :p
They're just "links". All links are hot!
Why do The Thunder have to play the night before finals start. Finals or Thunder game or finals or Thunder game?
TY for the 63 Moldovan Cab/Saparavi blind tasting wish I brought my phone to dinner to snap a pic!
IT'S AIR CONDITIONED!!! But, is there an on-board restroom?
AIR HUG
Looks great. Can’t wait to see more.
yeah no winner here!!$
Campin this weekend with Dad
leaving San Antonio?
love it!! And I feel is true for me too.
i know but hell never cme here
Why must I always have a Friday final
oh yeah!
love shakespeare but not this late at night. Good luck studying!
happy friday!
Not sure what makes me more nervous tonight, Martin Brodeur or Time Warner's reliability.
I should be sleeping rn, but no I'm packing-__- ...so mad.
plz follow me
Are you at the Carrier Dome? That's biger than Rupp.
vs. game is set for 11/19 this year. In honor of the game we're giving away a copy of Harvard Beats Yale 29-29. RT to win!
That's what I said when I was 17 and graduated high school there. hahaha.
Yeah Im Filipino =) and You?
We are finding lots of Cool Websites Today! In Particular FB Wedding sites. See our Likes if you are Knotting it Up with someone!
Social Media Marketing is not about creating more noise, but the delivery of useful, relevant information to people when they need it most.
Loved failure series, keep thinking ab it. Makes me think that reg guests don't rly know why they succeed. Bring it back?
this week is taking forever to end .
It's a great day to be a window repair man
I never let a woman fall in love with me unless we're the same blood type. You never know when you might need a kidney.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving weekend! :)
My mom is home:) going out to dinner. God i missed her<3
Ok! What corner?
Hi! How are you?
I think maybe just 'grumpy old guy'
C brown
I finally like one Bieber's song - Boyfriend. Perhaps it's due to the fact that his voice has finally showed some kind of bass.
I'm really starting to get upset. I don't want to leave Calvetica, but it just is so slow! What's the progress on the 4.4?
Great news. Let us know the details.
im going to bed and if u want to know my xbox live gamertag its: rockster2000
This episode of #smash is so intense..
OMG! I'd not allow you to say that about ur legs! BTW thanks for the compliment- right back at ya !
Goodnight Tweeps, I needs my Sleep before I get Hungry at 3:OO am like I always Do, Damn Routine or should I say feeding schedule xD LMAO.
Hey , where’s that fancy schmancy reflector dish technology from last year? #2c saves characters for meaningful conversation!
just submitted to for first time with a #TwinPeaks inspired design … may be too minimalist for them to sell, but fingers crossed
Yup! She will also bring you bread.
This semi trucks drivers are a disgrace to society.
anyone know any spectacular graphic designers?
Need a cuddle buddy?
Ok kids are in bed I need a live webcam of an Irish bar so I can live vicariously though the internets. I have Guinness and Irish cheese.
How I love getting searched for drugs -__-
Happy to cross post 5c infographic. also u can embed onto your blog as is - just copy code from embed tag on LHS.
Sometimes you're the bug and sometimes you're the windshield... No seriously this windshield is dirty as fuck!
thanks for the tweet! how can we help you? message us anytime!
#WebGreekTip - Easily create, edit & collaborate on chapter docs inside your cloud, no need to download/upload anything! Please ReTweet
On the air now at 99.9 FM V100 or www.V100.fm. Will enjoy going thru the Friday Workday with you!
dont forget we have a quidditch match tomorrow against griffendor
And there is nothing in life so meaningless as the score at halftime.
Great mind clearing workout or as my lindita says "inflation session" hahaha she is to funny lolz peace n love ya'll
I think Barbara is gone!
Iron Lion Zion
":I hope you wake up and it suddenly hits you;that there will never be anyone, who will love you as much as I have loved you."
what's better than following you on twitter, ernie halter's mom following you!!! :)
The sudden and terrifying realization that if you don't get in the shower RIGHT NOW, someone else will.
I hate when I get a call from the Red Cross that there is a blood shortage and then need my blood. I arrive and there's an hour wait. :(
Torrid is the way to go then! But girl....you haven't seen my junk haha
officially shrinkage season in NY
did ya ever ponder...WHAT'S NEXT FOR ME? I am pondering...right now!
Check out the new schedule tab on www.southeastinstitute.org
Ladies.. Hoes will NEVER admit they Hoes unless they Girlfriends tell her she a Hoe. Otherwise she gone think she just fine!
youtube on some fuck shit they blocked my movie depression
I do not want to wake up! Pushed my Alarm twice
Buenos Dias :) I hope you have a lovely Monday <3 xoxoxoxo
BBQ Is The Best Smell Ever!!!
I'm junderwood25 on DrawSomething if anyone wants to play.
In the 18th century in Prussia, if you had a stutter you may have been treated by having the tip of your tongue cut off!
You guys were absolutely AMAZING tonight! Thanks so much for coming out to ETSU! Come back to JC soon! :)
": DID KEIFFAH JUST QUESTION HOW I RAISED ? WHO RAISED HIM? HIS FRIGGIN' GREEN HOODIE?”
At Steph's MRI appointment to see whether or not she needs knee surgery.
I will be on the office all day today & tomorrow. Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
I will blow up Facebook/Twitter with photos LOL.
Music is the soul of life...
RT : One of the hardest parts of #parenting is knowing when to stay quite. via <- Especially with teenagers!
#Capricorn are often actors that become directors & producers. Most respected, their presence is formidable. They r timeless, unforgettable
« « I'm no longer getting my hopes up.»»
Oh yeah, can lick my balls.
I bumped into walking around the city at lunchtime, I wish I had radar so I could find good developers all the time.
Yup! You'll be entered by liking our page and submitting an entry via our For Fans app! Unfortunately, not available via mobile.
Guess what? I have school tomorrow. lol.
yes! It's technically San Diego.
Been going gluten-lite the past few days. Quinoa pasta: major win. Wheat-free waffles: no idea why these even exist.
Overheard at dogs against Romney: "what did Romney say about dogs?!?"
we will miss you this weekend.
Did you really think it was going to be all hearts and flowers today from the likes of Hellfire Publishing? Well you were wrong…dead wrong!
Happy mothers day to all you beautifil mothers out thurr!!!
RT : Need To Wish My Friend A Happy Birthday . She Loves Him . Mention( ) Her Star .
Sandag staff makes case for why agency should restart merit raises for employees, saying staff does "more than just laying down cement"
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
LoL RT : The new is great. Its like , except for people with brains.
De Graaf: GDP is a post-Depression measure for how "well being," but it doesn't measure happiness.
What wonderful company to be in!
thanks man. Just to let you know that's not one of our products.
yup i did i had 2 i luv yall so much lol
Robert has that nice post-gig glow going on.
Got an ASYRA test done to find allergies & imbalances. Strongly recommend. NO NEEDLES! W.mosthelpfulhour.com
Thanks for the RTs!
Dont let anyone tell you that you're too young to do something. A baby shark is still a shark.
Studies at Anderson Labs, international experts report that mice have dropped dead after breathing some new carpet fumes.
Seeing The Hunger Games for a second time. :D
wow that's rude well she is missing out on fun, sweetness, and loads of laughter for ignoring you so don't stress over it
Carlton Banks is now working at McDonald's. Who knew!
umm. Not kelly ahah its too far away from me. How bout... 2 streets efore that at 7:30..?
Ask the many who have my social security number...
On my way to #Applebees w/the b-day girl to celebrate & watch #UL v
"Gene Simmons wanted to change the band's name to "Daddy Longlegs", but the band stuck with Van Halen."
we'll know the end is near when *my* grandma joins facebook. (she's been dead for 15+ years.)
Readicide was a great book that helped me understand importance of authentic reading.
Nervous & idk why . .
"She might as well put in big letters DESPERATE on her head" -my mom.
#BestHolidayMovies A Christmas Story ... FUUDDGE ... Except he didn't say fudge!!!!
watching some ESPN. aha lagaurette blount gotta love the beginning of college football.
": Rise & Grind! Thanking God 4 allowing me 2 see another day." Dont allow the bungles to see Joe, smoke dem fools!
i think i might just give this account to helen for... reasons. lol idk though i have attachment issues so idkkk!
no the whole class was there bro
Last Laptop repair in Pittsburgh: Virus Removal and Internet Access issue on Acer Aspire
awesome! looking fwd to hearing the new stuff. Thanks for the reply
Niggas stay running they mouth like a lil bitch I just sit back in b ready for whateva.
lol i meant like just whenever. Not this sec. Ha but i feel u.
Ya just gotta wait for someone who deserves you :D
I am so excited abt this wknd !!! We are going to have a blast. It will be good to see and
I love you so much!!
I just wanna see you strip.. #GoshDarnYouSexy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Beet roesti? Did you make them?
I'm sick of people telling me to do what i want, but then they won't let me.
wanna see it when its done?
never skip thigh highs
Can't wait for Saturday! Come out to St. Pete for the Beer Fest and Food Truck Rally. Lush Confections will be on Sale!
valerie brunson is the coolest person in the world.
let us know of any brilliance displayed!
You know it too,that's why u laughing hard lmao
Good call, , this fella is # 2 legendary physicist, behind Lenczewski of course.
nice and breezy day in baltimore for once this is my type of weather not too hot and not too cold
wanna go to the movies
Cody's instagram profile picture is flawless!! I want it. If anyone ha it can you send it to me?
love our Filson bags and hats.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear. -Gandhi
i know, but dont be mad im already savanahh and rachels man
G'nite everyone God Bless
The HOPE Is a dream that doesn't sleep
Baking weekly boxes today. We love that people have started to use for #glutenfree weekly box delivery.
#lookoutjoe daily special: $.25 off any size Iced & Blended Mocha all day today! come get a drink and see what we're roasting!
Ben:"I feel I could spend the rest of my life w/this woman." After I threw up in my mouth, I wished 4the helicopter to blow her off a cliff.
really?? how does this work?? i'm proficient in French
google search for dispoable muffin tins, saw my photo and clicked.
There should be a comedy channel with his plays haha RT Javale puts me in tears when he plays
"OH, that doesn't work fa ya, huh? Kiss my fuckin asshole lips" Throw down some dice in the next podcast
Huh? Who is rated a 62? Who is rated an 85? Whose numbers are these?
Today it was sunny, and its called sunday.,Oscars Tonight!,#ToastRedCarpet,3pm/PST
we are in Dallas on Thanksgiving?
It's not your fault I'm so much smarter than you - at least you're pretty
The feeling that you are getting ignored <<<<
thank you.
#equifunk was awesome! Breaking my foot, not so much...
I think Black Ops 2 looks dumb. And it will probably kill the Call of Duty series.
Thanks Kate! Have a great one. RT
In case you were wondering, you are blocked from buying IL lottery tickets online if you are physically out of the state.
Portland weather is temperate. Mild winters & mild summers. It's also relatively dark most of the year.
you already know bro. These nuggets ain't ready!
you are the coolest person on FB ... Ha
no kidding he's come a hell of a long way
What a day.
NO, I'm AVERAGE (:
thank u for being a beacon of sanity & justice in a crazy world. Don't know how u navigate Washington but I'm grateful u do
hey josh wanna follow my other best friend (: your awesome k bye !
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world! Slllliimmmm Shaddddyyyyyyyyyyy
I'm trying to determine how many people are gunna get hit with the pepper ball gun tomorrow downtown!?
My parents are leaving me tonight to go to the ESPN party -_-
Yes, you are! It's supposed to be hot this weekend! So excited
wow a jax almost had that...grandie man 8th homer
my dad needs to get OUT
Great job Way to set that party off with a fantastic National Anthem rendition. Now watch the ponies run!
O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer. Psalms 31:23. Have...
That is because Girardi sucks!!!!
can I use leaflet.js to connect to Geoserver? Just started playing with leaflet today and am liking it.
Yeah so just let me know when u coming out
If facebook did have a dislike button, there would be a lot of hurt feelings.
Call 1 877 UNICORN. Lots of hot, local Unicorns who want to chat with YOU!
The guy behind you, what is HE having tattooed?
Travel hacking: abuse of system or strategic planning?
Don't ever say that... I love you.
Whoa, sunny and steady hailing on North Cap Hill!
I'm just gonna wait until Cody says something then I can go back to screaming at my dog.
you fail for putting a dorky face on a sarcastic remark! Lololol :(
“: I deserve someone fantastic like you. I finally have you.. I won't let you slip away this time. #iloveyou <3”
Portland Police say man killed in officer-involved shooting was armed and threatened suicide. SmartPark at 4th and Alder remains closed.
Destin for the night
Wow I need to get to Austin! Madison could be Austin if we lowered corporate taxes!
That is tough to miss. Good luck to your team!
Made my day XD
The thing is you have to look into whats ahead of you instead of looking back, it just hurts you more.
Phones dieing.....sign that maybe I should go to bed....
I'm aright and I highly doubt that
In my Pot of Gold today I'm sharing part of my heart, "Buy 3 Ped pal foot scrubbys and get a "Kiss my Blarney Stone Ped pal FREE
#Mahomies soon will be trending and Austin will see it(:
Crying </3 I miss my dad soo much. Wish he could be here to see me grow up, I hope I've made him proud...
Lol Uh that wasnt me but thanksRT : So glad I got to see tonight!!He gives the BEST "lift -me-off-my-feet" hugs ;-)
wow! 285 for Crawford? Can he play 5-technique in 3-4? Really like his game, but I thought he'd be 15 lbs lighter.
No. Most come over as 16 year olds from third world countries. Most US guys who go play in Japan don't speak Japanese.
We'll be giving away a pair of #Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4! RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cardinals!
i wish would wake up n pay attention to this project
Congrats on your baby :)) can't even tell you are preg on y &r
i am just not jayz
I hate the shit you do, but I still text you back and say I miss you too.
YOU SAID YOUD FOLLOW ME. YOU LIED. ALL THESE LIES. I CANT HANDLE IT
I guess I should get off tournament tomorrow. Wish me luck!!(:
They want that mama love! xD
RT : RT if you agree … 2 bring about institutional #change, change must be institutionalized
just went to the gas station. Sticker shock!
Check out www.hedonismanniversary.com
Virginia: Proof that first is the best. Ya done good, John Smith.
missed you at world series club last night!! Wanted 2 meet u in the flesh n get a signed ball for my nephew
10% off oversized printing orders till Friday at 3 PM pacific time! Mention twitter to receive 10% off your entire order.
Jesus. I bet you know a lot of douchebags.
oh me
RESPECT! CHEK US OUT...
Where's the eraser at?!
Lowes told me they don't ad on his show. Do local or general clear channel advertisers slip in and are on his show?
thinks mondays feel like hangovers...
hey do you remember the choreography to booty work?
The AL is much tougher these days. I can't wait to see how the additional wild card plays into consideration.
Gabbie he looked amazing!!!!!
that ain't me. I'm rocking navy blue with maroon
or send 'm my way so i can throw a pool party this summer and bobbi can work the bill out. cool? cool.
"Dont walk when the sign says not to and dont talk when black folks about too" the roots black thought
One charge dropped against man who stripped naked at PDX to protest TSA. John Brennan now faces one count Indecent Exposure.
JPalfrey on problems DPLA is solving: coordinating collective action; supporting users & use; mass digitization
Deligful Pastries has added new menu items! Check out their new Chocolate Jam Bars and Cayenne Brownies.
Hi my internet is off for a while so this may be my only tweet for a while peace peoples, love very day,on" on and on and on blah blah bye!
RT I love girls
SALE SALE SALE come in and get 20% off red tagged clothes and shoes tomorrow only here at City Gear
Dear broken hearted girls, hold your head up high and your middle finger higher. Let him know what hes missing
Holy cow was that a Chris Carter sighting? He is an enormous dude, looked like he used his bulk on that play
Cliffy told me he warned you about that!
Everything has come in the mail except the main things I need. I am so disappointed. Im trying to guess how long from Texas to Oakland.
Up and ready to go! We didn't offend the wake-up guy...
beautiful as hell
I dont feel like moving Saturday. I've only been in this house for 8 months, how did I accumulate all this stuff ha.
I am getting major jet ski fever. Gotta get on the lake ASAP
Gym with bro.
bye titi oh tally have ur number so I'll txt u
Just got home from dinner at Miller Park. Great food, awesome view and amazing service!
Other than Cribs and Brooks - not many other players got stickers.
heh heh. Thanks, Colleen. Noticed your location changed... spent a few years up in the north country at Drum myself. Good luck!
pretty good how is atl peaches going
I get distracted so easily!
Saw The Town. I'd recommend it to Bostonians. Great casting ofJeremy Renner. He was scary and i felt like I'd seen him before in Charlestown
Off to Wushu training. /flexes muscles
thank you love! I really appreciate it :) I hope you do too
That one had me DYING of laughter. We should have watched together!
he's singing to me on the phone. shut da' fuck up.
i just laughed uncontrollably
What can we do about this: Give everyone an ORCID ID and tell them to start using it
Haha. Yes. RT . Does that mean he could just like, show up at my house? (looks out window)
thank you :)
jajaja. Quisiera guey... Pero no! Im bout to start dancing in a min...I can't sleep -__- I thought hennessey would help
Omg hawks lost again in OT... #:'(
Most people need the spotlight to feel notice or important. However, true light illuminates from within.
Lamest term ever: "Tweeps." Feel free to unfollow me if I ever use it.
How about a snacket?
got to do all this work :(
Back at work after 4 days in St. Louis. My boss is back after her maternity leave. There is banana crepe cake. All is well.
my job is allowing you to wear jeans to work now as long as you donate $5 per day to help raise awareness for autism, smart
Who's already seen Avengers? Who is excited to death TO see it?
cool,cool
$5 bloody mary's $4 mimosa for morning specials. kitchen open
Me and brenden both think we just saw something in my house. Dis be creepy
After a year of hard work - playffnow.com is up and running. The ultimate Football Party Game - Give us a try!
Are the Inkdryer wallpapers from a local guy? Lots of Reds.
14th Colony Art Exhibit To Open at Noble Horizons - Litchfield County Times
At the pharmacy, I said 50 condoms please. 2 girls behind me started to giggle. I turned and looked them in the eyes and said "Make it 52."
Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use. -Mark Twain
A Walk to Remember is on TV. I may have to watch chick flicks all night.
lol those shoes cray. Try em on at least first. & i would never forget!! <U+E32A>
have fun for me! Me and PauPau are gonna have fun here on twitter ;)
Reminder: The Rub will NOT be happening tomorrow night. The next one will be on March 16th at The Bell House. Please RT
Gracias, my friend! Very excited.
If he does, can you think of a less shitty nickname for him? "Can Curious George do it two nights in a row for #Brewers?"
#ThinnestSportsBooks "Number of games Jagr hasn't pulled a Groin" i thought the library promised not to sale this!?
you guys are crazy ... Shane I gots ya $monet
Sounds interesting! Our co-director just presented on the same topic at
want work
RT : New blog post by iOS Tutorial Team member : How to Make a Turn-Based Strategy Game - Part 1...
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
bc I'm searching for as many people as possible
Cause in this moment I feel so alive
I have a very good source that CJ is on for 4 more! Maybe that is out but I have very good source.
Awesome, . It's t - 16 days for my son and me. We're doing our 1st #GrandCanyon R2R. Where are you headed?
obvious tourist stops of broadway/2nd are musts. Midtown is a good area as well. We'll be out & about Sun if u want to say hi!
Goodmorning beautiful<3 I love you
This Ryan dude on the Pauly D project is a DOUCHEBAG
This Saturday is Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo commemorates the victory of the Mexican army over France in 1862. Celebrate Safely!!
Ceramic Chicken.
parents flying for over 20hrs missed flight from DFW to AUS. - speak little English. Now on standby on AA1824. Can u help?
Someone come over tonight.
Rad shows coming up soon, in the meantime Check out our purevolume and soundcloud pages!
Same here Barb. Always great to see you.
Have you ever tried riding your bike up a mountain? I encourage you to challenge yourself! Try Blood Mountain the ride back down is awesome!
Welcome 1Ls and welcome back returning students! Gewirtz residents: each apt now has a composting bin for leftover foodstuffs.
RT : Facebook buys Gowalla <--they deserve each other
princess of promotions I see, how so ;)
Man I want to go to McDonald's
i no ut we wee siize i no its color an evertthsg =P
Hunger is an inner city issue? USDA says ~2.8MM rural households are food insecure. JOIN THE FIGHT!
seeing breaking dawn !
what do u think about what's going on in Oakland?
I'm actually here through the weekend, so I'm around. :) You?
2012 Crenshaw combo guard 6'1 Brandon Baker is the real deal he is a MM+
I'll get right on it. Sounds like a great way to start my day.
(1/3) There is a MAJOR difference between Happy/Happiness and Joy. Being Happy or Happiness is Man Made and can be taking away by Man.
I would NEVER.
just livin my life, one awkward interaction after another
We're at Plush on Thurs. March 22...some see us with Sheila Shahpari's band, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher. yeah baby!
Best cab ride from Dupont to Woodley. Like me, my cab driver proclaims "I believe in science."
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Lows in the upper 50s.
I have yet to mail in my DC voter registration, however I've found the time to vote Pavel for NHL13 cover about 100 times.
Good turn out at tonight's pastor's coffee. Space still open in my Disciples Path group starting next Thursday. Contact me if interested.
they got the new jordan cements at footlocker for $70 in boys -________- i like those better than the grey ones! lol dammit
Victory is with in EVERYONE’S reach, some just have longer arms….hm!
Of course, baby. But I need you in bed.
Easter Egg Hunt at this morning at 10am. 75th and Oaklandon Rd. Community event. Bring your kids!
My best friend comes home in 12 days!!!! #AH #soexcited love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
"Im a Hot Tamale , you just a Lemon Head" lmfaoo
congrats! i usually get the online version emailed to me, but haven't gotten it yet. i'll keep an eye out for it :)
It not foxs news cnn is a joke they are not real news
The real Yankees' No. 42 steals that base cleanly.
i need a pint glass like that one that gives me kitty cat whiskers! (didnt mean to tweet that from !)
- glad it was a success. sorry i couldn't make it ;-(
Glad I just saw a slow-mo shot of Angelina's bony knee. I think she might crack in half if she walks the wrong way on it.
Too old to go out every night. not enough sleep -> too much #coffee -> not enough sleep -> too much coffee.
I'm the real domination.
Done. Sorry.
introducing his session on Open Data
New vids up on Delofted. Even some sick rickie fowler and cam tringale footage. Check 'em.
we getting tipsy with
Did u missed one of our shows? Or Is there a show u just have to hear again? Well no worries #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL is posting shows today!!
there goes my friday .
Thanks for the help!
just now it'd be 100%
Finished #fiftyshadesofgrey. Thoughts: Poorly written BDSM version of Twilight, where a clumsy girl falls for a hot weirdo. Don't read it.
I've found a work around - I can place jpgs which will work in most cases - just a bit disappointed in Adobe's response I guess
South Africa is where I come from
Twitter is crazy
SO be REAL cool and Follow us :)
OMG thank-you soo much u made my week :-)
sorry to hear about the pizza
good of you to comment that the tebow/linsanity/vanity fair story is non-news. On your nationally broadcasted show.
Thanks for sharing :)!
That doesnt count! :)
SOMEDAY by: bieber
Also. RT : I might also say - it takes courage to care, and it's worth it.
Haha that's comedy. RT : Reggie Miller called Paul Pierce's big shot a "wide open, contested three."
hasn't lost a step Loving the new tunes bringin the noise and with an 8-string bass!?
On #lastword now:
Good luck today !
Taco run <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Blazic Rebula is just 12% abv! A perfect summer sipper! Lemon, lime, blazing acidity. Now wheres that sushi!?
Just walked by a mirror
I might bring one pair but I just want to buy some shit, and nah I rather go with you and spot you $$$
iam following them now can you please DM justin please
#ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon .. tampons in paris . ahahah haallaa. and i shall not ever do that.
i have a feeling that if we walked near a corn field we could take out an entire crop.
Some problems are solved most creatively when you embrace the problem.
INDEED MEE LADY .. As onto you a bestow a great glorious venture for towards the end of light.. I bid you ado!!
New Superintendent of Catholic Schools for the Arch. of Miami = new opportunities for improved food allergy policies in these schools!
LOL I did the same thing w/ that horror movie we got. Cept it was only 4 days..
I can't wait until and start scoring again!
TO TOWN QueremosNegriniconda U
RAYS losing some momentum but hype is still on!
how you mate?... ill jump on SH twitter wagon haha!
/dry-eye-summit : The Dry Eye Summit’s mission is to facilitate this kind of innovation by fostering knowledge
low key Carlton use to kill that shit
I was just asking
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
Summer break... Finally!
It's #FollowFriday! as always #mamamafia, too!
I know she needs me, but her paternal family has refused to let me contact her for 3 years! I hav joint LEGAL, physical c
thanks for posting.
i can't find my headphones.. if I don't find them by tomorrow morning & I'm stuck listening to my dads music the entire ride imma freak out.
I think I'm due for a little nap time! -
Whats up people
There are things that governments and private sectors can't or won't do. That's why is so critical to our community.
I think that yogurt needs to go in the fridge...
Off work early, let's do something!
Just ROCKED my LAST final exam of the year! :D I'm officially a sophomore in college!
Dude I just wanna smoke and she's stallinG.. NotCool
Hi, Rachel. I just wanted to say I love keeping up with you on here. Keep it up!
Love Your Site!
I want to be able to say "academy award winning film Real Steel"
#ifyouknowmewell you'd know that I hate it when people are late and I can't get through anything when I don't talk about.
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle gold member.
Monday is the Day of the Moon, a #Tarot card of facing fears in the journey ahead. Whats in your cards? www.shindigtarot.com
Yes my last tweet was about
Isley Brothers some of the Best House Music....
im heading back to Hampden after - on my bike :)
YouKnowYouAHoeWhen you have to see your OBGYN every other week for infections....yuck that's a nasty Hoe.
This rain is not motivating me to do anything
#69Factsaboutme 27. I LOVE cold weather.
More disappointing than Chicha news. #mex MT : FMF announce Carlos Vela asked to not be called up for either the Olympics or WCQ.
Today's a great day for deals! ;-)
Who is worth following (in #Boise or beyond)? Thanks, in advance, for the #FF assistance.
maybe you know...it cost a tad bit too much? (;
Oh the drawbacks of being a distance student! RT : The Museum Studies building is buzzing..
"No matter how small a star appears in the sky from far away, never underestimate how brightly it can shine."
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 82
happy to help!
Humby you ain't nothin' but a whack gumby, gonna knock you off your pedestal like that cracked up humpty dumpty
Well occupation continues until there is no more terrorism. Choose peace or we continue. Israelis always wanted peace.
If ur free in Atlanta @ 7p were having a special event with from Q100's 915 peachtree st ATL. VIP all day!
So is behind all those suicidal teddy bears hanging all over my neighborhood? GREAT.
Taking a good nap after my morning class, then hitting the music theory books hard.
Snow Answer: Labor costs a company a lot more because of healthcare law. Insuring your employees is expensive. It will be resolved
is swamped.
I wish! Maybe when Allstar Weekend releases summer tour dates! I'm sure you'll be seeing them too ;)
You already did and you picked Nightmares in Red, White and Blue, remember?
I like the part that says "pooper troopers" in the piggy care guide
She's still in Cincy.
It's the new black version of the beastie boys
RT " :once a cheater, always a cheater."
Mobbed is my new favorite show<3;*
Jennifer Wilson on thinking beyond the frame: do you need to make a film or do you need to tell a story?
1 in 4 US children go hungry everyday. ExactTarget - you can help! Purchase your co-workers’ baked goods from 10-2 TODAY!
“: Spotted my #tweetheart cc: but I bet he just came to see #bromance” where's ?
#ThingsMyExSaid "I don't even talk to her anymore."
Should I order a Shirt or a poster from your merch? What do you think?
RT : Emotional moments like Octavia's speech are what the oscars are made of. Don't rush her off!
Sounds like its very possible, thanks everyone makes things easier. The things you never try with a single Apple ID.
Woohoo! RT #Unwined, here we come! #TOAST, you're next!
The one and only just threw some stupid tasteful electric guitars on Easier As Us. Almost there, folks!
do you know anyone that does cleaning/preservation of 40+ year old textiles with multicolored hand embroidery? cc:
you know the media will play class warfare and convince them it's the GOPs fault...
Life really is about how many hits you can take and how well you recover from them.
I dropped my phone on the ground last night and the battery fell out. I have yet to put it back in !
Re: "Cave of Forgotten Dreams" - You had me, Werner, right up to the albino crocodiles.
so god seeing you today
A relationship without trust is like having a phone with no service. And what do you do with a phone with no service? You play games.
Well, yes, still unproven. Anyone can amass an support for their biases. Where's the data?
Clubs R over rated... This shit is wack
did you go to Camarillo High? Class of '93?
Overheard after rehearsal: "it's too bad Liszt didn't live to write for the movies. Some of that sounded like score to Vertigo."
moves in very soon, and is extremely excited to start practicing with the team.
Wow! Love Victoria Sambunaris landscape photos at Yancy Richardson booth.
wo0t! app for my iPad 2 is up and running! Just needed new MyServices acct since i moved recently.
Hi Sarah! Just replied with info, but let me know if you have any other questions. We'll make sure you get what you need!
"you should've come with us!" "well, inviting me would've been nice..."
": Late night showing of enter the dragon I love it" was watching that too! High-YA!!!
sweat dreams
Hey Sweetie. You like Johnny Depp? TIM burton? Burton's Dark Shadows comes out May 11th, while we are visiting. Wanna go?
Thank you for everything as well!
Looks like you're getting great results, congratulations!
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse. ~ Adlai Stevenson
With the Polar Bear crazies
would it kill you to hit Play?
Let the record show that 50 mins ago I said that I wished that #Toonami would show #OutlawStar. That's happening. What a night.
Everyone ain't the 1, she needs to stop falling so hard!
#sla2010 what is status of wifi at conference center
Curled hair tomorrow :)
you welcome
That was all very neocon. Except for Ron Paul of course. Interested to see the Tea Party reaction.
The truth is....life is so, so good.
Gold team starting to pull away with 2:30 left.
no you walk away
Lol! RT : RT : Happy Mother's Day to my mom who's not on twitter.
Some1 asked me last nite... if I was living or existing?? How annoying is it thAT I'M JUST EXISTING THESE DAYS
American panini for lunch
Do we need to really hide the learning in play? Does education have that bad of a rep?
In a court of law, you are innocent till proven guilty; in a relationship, you are guilty until proven innocent
did you ever play baseball growing up?
she crying....0_o
I know more now. Thanks.
Electroconvulsive and Neuromodulation Therapies 8211 Conrad M. Swartz MD download, read, buy online error: either unsupported url or the url
Oh how I love
In Life... The Journey Is The Reward..
Yea I remember it well, went to school there, 1st,2nd,3rd grade. However Franklin High School did burn in the fifties...
nice to meet you too! Hope you got your car okay. Librarians rule.
Come on #USF Bulls The state of Florida needs to dominate! #LoveMarch Madness
Save some for the Vegas guests.
Where is everyone watchin' the Sounders kill Salt Lake?
Home From Cheer! Just Ate Sonic... Yumm.. Shouldn't Have Eatin It,, It's Too Late:/ Ohh Well!
I know you say you love me girl, problem is you prolly tell that shit to everybody. So we hear you talking boo but we just dont believe you.
american pie, tball, bluehole, softball, lookout, and baking cookies.
That moment when your coach makes a Charlie Sheen reference.
In just one week, i will be in my city.
i want some FONDUE ! OMG !!!! D: i wannnnnnnttt sommmeeee .
Last day of #mladla12. Enjoyed hearing about everyone's connections with UT!
GOD IS AWESOME!
Had an amazing show/night in AC. Except for losing all of our indiegogo money at the casinos.
Sunsets like this are a small but clear reminder that God still loves to give me nice things, even when I've been a total bitch to him.
Keep it up Frat RT : At GP City hall working for the people
always up there. Summer is just a R&R period.
It's a huge problem! Our PlayThru solution increases form submissions by 40% over recaptcha.
“: What would you do for a Klondike bar ? Lmao”let's hear? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
A beautiful day in the 'burgh!
anybody seen tha maniac short film?
My first time here. I enjoyed it. Good night all.
RT : RT : Stop being deceived to have a computer and webcam to earn Handsomely. Sign up and earn $10,000 enjoying...
Sure thing :) Thanks for the follow!
Either way, congrats Robbie RT : Just finished my last final...not sure if I'm happy or really sad haha
no its not lol
Get ready for the hologram tour. Michael Jackson will be next. If theres $ wait and see. As soon as his estate sees Pac at Coachella.
define very old. like 90? you are only as old as you act or feel. one of the two. which ever fits for the day not sure. ha ha
Has anyone else encountered children with CP who are severely delayed in reading suddenly picking it up easier and do you know why?
breakfast for dinner. yup yup
SENIOR WEEK TICKETS 7:30 -10pm, get a seniort-shirt and get access to a exclusive senior event next thursday at riverstation! details soon!
Would you like a Rogue-style portrait? Like Rogue Scholar on Facebook before 4/30 & receive one gratis (donations always appreciated!)
I have a lot of friends who are real show stoppers. I never let them come to my shows.
This song, I can't tell whether to hate it or love it.
I am fully armed with Claritan, Mucinex, VapoRub, Kleenex, and a sick day. Allergy attack: I am coming for you.
(Slow) Congrats!
shouldn't that be "throttles challenged"?
This is a 4 game series too! GREAT! Said nobody.
and you have sinned, he has not so who should be afraid?
Living the life that I love!
Anyone seen a good movie lately?any recommendations?
Wow—that should definitely be a good learning experience!
So has anyone noticed that Louis looked gay every performance on the x factor?
ahww, thank you!
this girl voice is so annoying…
better than the alternative!
#Dope! That's all I gotta say
watch your mouth
Maybe Kim can finally get that date with Gallinari now.
repulse? you repulse easy!
How the fuck do u expect me to get to kendale in this weather
Day number 9 of work in a row, leggo
#HHD have a great day!
I know, I can't get enough!
Happy mothers day to all the hard working moms out there!!
wow...i see that! lol...cool logo!
The best thing about commuting again is absolutely getting to listen to NPR during the drive.
Made all my little brothers and sisters dinner and desert tonight. Love them so much! Even though they drive me up a wall -
Six days left to Out Write Janet!
Better call it a mite
What up Friday
How about Easter Basket? Mix of grass, lily, and vanilla or sugar cookie scent.
What if vin comes out of fucking nowhere
The feeling is mutual. I love me some Denise Scatena! Best partner eva! “: is certainly the yin to my yang”
Visit the Riverview Women's Boutique on April 24 between 10:00 am and 2:00 pm for an open house featuring the newest post mastectomy.
i cant with you!!!!! that shit is a hot ass fucknnnnnnnnnnnnn mess!
King Kong.
Sent you an email with last minute questions and I am off to bed. Can't wait to hear all about it and see your awesome coverage!
It's a fact nobody ever tells the whole truth
Upload your #TSPARMY pictures now to be featured as the band's new profile picture! c:
move on
Yes it sure is!! Hope your toes are staying warm. :-)
Finally got a chance to pause and get caught up on sporting news. Looks like the Lakers made some power moves today.
So #excited for the up coming season of #MadMen!!!!! it was about time.
we should find time to hook up the office one morning
you're very welcome! Thanks for sharing more widely. My preso is by NO means comprehensive, just a jumping-off point!
Aw I just read this, my phone died lol. Hope work is ok.
We hope you like us! :) Let us know how we can help! RT: Giving a try today..
There are a few more spaces open for reservations at our Valentine's Day event! Call now to get yours 317-327-7580
. and Do not sleep. They only wait. The Phylicia Barnes case broke at 11:30 p.m. last night & they're still working.
Hi Steve, how long have you been playing? Do you play with a band or etc??
and he keeps a smile on my face all day long<3
I don't like Cox either. Doesn't build me up like others.
Had an amazing weekend packed full of gymnastics and swimming classes, cartoons and long naps!
I hate winter. This too early spring is making me sweaty.
I"ve really enjoyed my time being back home in Mississippi felt good to get away from ATL, my job and the stage for a couple days
My mentions are dead so ima go listen to horrible covers oF Boyfriend *Le cries* i feel so alone!! D:
"Jina, I think you have pinkeye"--me "Dammit, did somebody fart on my pillow?"-- Jina
I don't wanna go to school yes it's true I don't wanna see your teachers face again! Wise words of
Planning on firing up the bbq, cue the Tornado sirens!
: Oh yes! I know. I sort of realized that the next three weekends were all jam-packed... so three tweets worth.
I'm on twitter, so if you have one, you can tweet me! Fallow me ;)
i am gonna be 20 in June
That joke was so fucking weak. Get off my nuts.
Off that list, the only two I read in HS were Gatsby and Lord of the Flies. Read some others in college, though.
You have gotten me through many days!U do it right on time so thk u for ya love“: hey you! thanks for all ya love :)”
wow... you're nice to your mom.
It's Sarah Phillips, I don't believe you.
definitely having fun with it! Getting things organized for the new year, good to hear from you!
Clean Energy Coalition&#39;s impact is starting to ripple across Michigan
One of my favorite restaurants!
Thanks for the
Shit man if your hollering to God via twitter don't you think he at least deserves a hashtag how else is he gonna know?
Jordy Nelson and Victor Cruz not going to Hawaii?
` You Think I Love You.. Do I Look Like Cupid ? lols
The dates are all booked! Candyland here we come!
Loving how my twitter fam is developing! HR/Training/self-esteem/pageantry/non-profits/ close friends/spirituality....my eclectic life ROCKS
Thought you would be interested to see the VIDEO of the INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE WE HELD in Jerusalem
haha awe poor little you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lol
Thanks Courtney!!! You're very sweet for saying that!
": RT “: RETWEET if you watch football”" - watch it? I play it lmao
Bitch Im Rollin
good requests
AJ is kinda cute.
What? We have a new episode? Peeps should refresh their iTunes feeds?
that page is more interesting viewed on a phone
Hmm, how about some persimmon, kimchi, or gochujang? I must be in a Korean food mood.
nope a lil work playlist
Wait, what happened?
Strawberry Swing - Frank Ocean <3
French drinks group Belvédère has reported a 2011 turnover of EUR910.7m (US$1.2bn), an increase of 5.8% on the previous year.
wow, paranoid much? ;-)
thanks I got spell check
back up plan... going to a hookah bar with my cousin! im so excited to hang out with her. we're so much alike...its scary.
Electrolux Earnings Down in 2011, Hopeful for 2012
Bucks beat the Knicks today. And in case you were curious, the Polish won today's sausage race at today's Brewers' spring training game.
I would have opened my mouth and ate it:)
I'M from Russia and if you think it's good to live in here, that's bullshit, if you read that in a book, that's complete baloney.
Shorter, though, doesn't mean less responsibility, less insight or less power. It means less fluff and less hiding. -Seth Godin //Sums me up
#ICantDateYouIf your past boyfriends where found face down in a creek
Wonderful!!! Thank you!!! Yes - if you do come to the area would love to host you! Will also check in with thxs!
Hey our buddy got your NPR interview posted up online. Good stuff!
So what if Reese Witherspoon got hit by a car while jogging. She was in an UNMARKED crosswalk and the OTHER PERSON was cited. What gives?
I'd laugh because I liked mine too. Didn't want to give it up.
Plzzz follow me
Ur welcome.Did it for the fans. thank you so much for asking to about the new album! Hope she come back son!
I can't even laugh right now this shit is depressing =\
Colton Dixon: Please win American Idol. <3 I fucking love you
o m g ilysm
just had a huge freak out and crying session over the phone with my Dad about school. actually scratch crying... SOBBING.
that was our last shafer date of the semester :'( — with Alex Schools
spit comes from his asshole!?
in America we use Gray. In the united kingdom they use Grey.
Jarod and savannah r honestly the cutest couple <333
Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed
How was it?!
missed the double at , but looking forward to trying Cuvee coffee. Where can I get it?
Top rookie goalie in the WHL? The stats are unanimous -- California's own
A new Cleveland-based clothing company promoting Cleveland pride, please check us out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I watched the Mets for the first time on TV this season. The game ended 6-6 after 10 innings
When someone close to u dies... move seats
RT : Q3. Do today’s youth have a right to feel entitled to anything? If so, what?
Mercy Academy's Whitney Hartlage () has been named to the Kentucky High School Girls' Junior All-Star Basketball White Team.
come and visit tonight!
not if I beat you to it
Thanks for asking! I'll be out of town, but maybe next time!!
listening to jigar da tukda on repeat! the best part of the movie? easily playing the delhi girl!
Finished a #radio interview #Mix103.1 #Anchorage for #ARaisinInTheSun -- thanks [Marketing Director]
Woke up at 7am on Saturday for work. Going to sleep at 7:30am Sunday. Cinco de Mayo: 1 Pat: 0
Finally catching up on idol, watching the boys perform!
I love everything about this. You rock Lisa!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! Love you Peggy :) hehehe (happy birthday to the ground!)
hiyakutake was big in the news when I was a kid. Wasn't it really close and amateur-discovered?
Ill go with u to broadway, but u gotta come back up here and come up to Supperclub wit me
About to go to school late but who care
Likewise :) RT : we look forward to seeing you guys there again soon :)
It's supposedly always James and Wade. No bosh
#shoutout to all of your Texas fans love you Mikey we all wish u a happy birthday and your present is having us fans around
Yeah man. Send Oceania my love.
Boise's Loss of you 2 is WAND's huge gain!
Tim Tebow's biggest vice: vanilla ice cream. Deserves his own Ben & Jerry's flavor: Plain White Tebow.
spinning my wheels here... need some inspiration
So accurate. Like we got them to have a concert here. If we can do that, we can surely get them here for a signing (: x
bro I got I got a good for y'all lmao
On fan appreciation night guard tells crowd "Everytime you guys come out here you make a difference"
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again
I didn't plan it sorry
we got some guys coming back. Nobody scares me. Every year is a battle.
there needs to be an eye rolling emoji. I would use it all the time
You have to pay for BBC somehow! :) When I lived there, I got it waived as a "diplomatic employee"
Mind bothering, can't even sleep, ugh
Well, at least we got ONE back.
Well today we a got a surprise gig....We are playing the Atlanta music room at 9! Come check us out!
Breaking news.. three SD pet stores raided.. dozens of animals taken by authorities.. live report coming at the top of News8
US Ambassador Ken Merten, Rep. Frederica Wilson & Sen. Bill Nelson will update efforts to help Haiti @ 4pm
trucker hats have hit the streets! online store coming soon, so hit us up to order! $14 each or 2 for $20 with FREE shipping in the
Geting some OT. Had to come to work early to cover somebody. What was I thinkin tho!
Parentals in town...but let's chat. Scott wants to see you soon.
I'm a strong person, but every now & then I'd like someone to take my hand and say everything will be alright
feel the same way today
LOVE IT. Really, really cool. Totally different POV.
RT : One of my commenters suggest starting a New York Public School Teachers Fantasy League.
subway sucks!!!!! Give me Jimmy
Snow here has melted. All fogged up over here.
Get out and do something! "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
Good morning all!
Anyone else addicted to streaming the Wonder Years on Netflix? This show has such a great soundtrack.
Tennis at 2pm
Re: Also, this show is like my life in NYC if I were slightly less attractive, wittier and got $1,100 a month from my parents.
WE GIVE PROPS TO CLEVER NAMES HERE - THANKS BEARGOGGLESON!!!!!!
The ones that makes the snacks!
This bucks game...
.: “Analytics have always told us ‘the what.’ Social now tell us ‘the why.’
It has zero to do w the players. The ownership doesn't care about winning. All about $$$. I love the O's. Hate how they're run.
omg cant believe u took a pic.
thanx for the great leads. Heard speak at ALA! She's stellar :)
omg that picture for your thumb clip thing is so cute, follow me If youu like(: Avan and Victoria make a cute couple
Betty & Sally, gonna be a good one!
Congrats to 3rd & 4th tonight at
which one
Maybe it's a conspiracy . . .
It's a beautiful day in sunny San Diego, right? And will you guys be hanging with fans at any malls or radio stations today?
Hi! Will you be playing the Lakers game tonight and will there be sound?
Love it! Thanks for sharing. I've been looking for the perfect iPhone case + I think I just found it.
Snap outta this funk collllll <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
A different language is a different vision of life. - Federico Fellini
Being with you > talking on the phone with you > texting you
3 things that are guaranteed in life: 1.) LIFE 2.) DEATH 3.) TAXES
Go see the 15th anniversary show, "Dance Your Story," this weekend! Saturday at 4:30 and Sunday at 1:00 in the McCann gym!
Flipping between NBA All-Star and Oscar Red Carpet! Too much on TV!
This looks great. Can't wait!
Driving home from the dungeon on the GW Parkway was beautiful. The first leaves of autumn were falling in the wind.
Don't get me wrong I want the joint 2 succeed & get exposure...just not my cup of tea, but I'm only about 1/2 way thru it
The Blast has opened each quarter with an early goal for a 6-2 lead.
Sleepy but can't fall asleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I love the layered flavors...the way the hazelnut hits you long after the chocolate.
Well, there goes your prediction , about to be Stanley Cup champs!!!!!
Hi Chris, I'm the staffer (friend of Mario) who met you last night at #ThirstDC. Loved your sea star talk!
#69Factsaboutme 9. I support To Write Love On Her Arms.
we are excited New Town Builder is using the beetle kill pine!
Need to learn how to multi task. I'm either all over Twitter, or all over Facebook. More importantly, I should be writing. :/
I Hate My Face
Use LinkedIn Answers to network and earn expertise in your field
I dont know if its a good omen or not,but in the convoy to location our director got stopped by state patrol.Verbal warning.Luck be with us!
Hey Falala is so sick (: lovin it bro (: sweet job bro
and yes there was a dash of sarcasm in last post. rofl
I would have Louis' cousin's wife's dog's mother's bestfriend's sister-in-law's hamster to follow me and i would cry.
Shit Son Prolly Get A Bottle Fucked Up Friday. . . For Me
I thought it was just open to the public. ?
Hey Bryan! Good to hear from you.. here's your follow!!
and this makes me ill
lol! I remember that night like it was yesterday!
Yes, you are right Lori Goldstein, skinny is not over rated.
Have fun and recruit peeps for @#eaTweetup! RT : "The Ultimate Social Networking" event! (@ Segafredo Brickell)...
uhmmm I sorta missed you today in practice, sorta.
smartphone users are leading mobile ecommerce growth; 63% more likely to shop and buy than other mobile users
whatever, this is STUPID /:
Lady is ticketing residents trying to get spots on front of their homes 3 mins before it is legal.
its one of their slower songs, but idk it just shows alot of what they can do
Be sure to archive ALL of your events! You never know when something will go viral. Great advice from Paul Holdengraber.
You still wanting to do something with sponsoring??
I don't know, I still remember when Jeremy Renner was doing his stretches, getting ready to jump in that turbine thing!
"A smile is a powerful weapon; you can even break ice with it And we all smile in the same language."
Thank you for support Dr.Riba's Health Club with your kind donation! We really appreciate all of your help with our upcoming event
I dont like Justin Bieber! Jacob Latimore is way better to me! And he is a Killer Dancer
It's Saturday. My behbeh did not get the memo.
Surman @ #inplay2012 - #Hackasaurus from Mozilla is "x-ray goggles" for the Web - see through to HTML elements and remix thrm
my hips are so stretched right now. dang
thanks, Brian!
Sugar!! Lmao!! Fight fight fight!! Ha!!
you have inspired every musical nerve in my body. Playground is exactly what I've been looking for. Thanks for being you David
Watching A Walk to Remember. Could this movie be more depressing? And why didn't I drink first?
I need to be eating a lot more than I am. I'm not sure how I'm even keeping up 200+ pounds.
I wish I was in that class with y'all so badly.
Just got one of those scam emails asking for verification of email account info from WED MASTER TEAM. WED MASTER TEAM?
same here it's like a drug cant' get enough
Agree. To me additions look best when they mimic style and proportion of the original building. Webinar will be interesting!
": Love the #innovation in #music #videos brings - presenting at #nyvm. Awesome A&R discovery angle too."
#FridayReads is TENDER. I need a yard.
"they just don't have that spark"
My chats for the next hour will be for
After losing the lottery a guy said he won by supporting education. I said u r a better man than me & he said thanks that's very flattening.
good morning tweethearts :-)
MERRY CHRISTMAS-LET IT SNOW!
well I mean its all true. I have a 105% in this class. And I'm the only one with an A. Out of 24 kids....
We might as well avoid El Masons all together and just get drunk instead
U have been a inspiration and motivation. Ur voice is abs. Amazing and luv ur personality.. Skies the limit for u..I kno u will get signed!
New music coming soon and send some followers this way the may want to hear this
Why thanks! RT : I have admired a background of your page))
There were some hot girls there last night
Well, looks my Hawke swings both ways. Giggity.
I may.
My Klout score just went up - I seem to be an expert in Tennis, a game I don't play or watch. Hm....
But I think the last few weeks of school are gonna be like this cause everyone is so anxious for school to end already. ;p
Isn't that a no-no in journalism? Paying for stories? Or is that only paying for interviews?
Back at Atlanta
Leaving now.
It was about you lol
When she weighs more than you
they all do
yea bra!
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Stop playing nickelback for the love of god NBC
Thank you!
I confronted a co-worker on rudeness once (ok more than once & different coworkers) she stopped talking to me. I did this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Have you ever been Bowling at Jillian's?! We'd love to have you come by sometime!
Via - Wells Fargo (WFC) has won an auction for Bank of Ireland's (IRE) U.S. commercial real estate loan portfolio. Sources claim th
Why do I bother reading the news? I secretly hope the Mayans are right about 2012.
I gotta go the Arts Fest first and get an indian taco. Want me to hit you up when I head down there? Probably be about 2 or so.
very jealous..I just found out they have one in the ville which is pretty dangerous
their hot
What happened to Catherine Bell's baby on #armywives?
ESPN's 2.6 overnight for US-France (via ) is WAY up over last Wednesday's game against Sweden.
I was making dinner tonight and realized I am *finally* through with "homework." Except, you know, for that dissertation chapter.
Which mouth is . speaking out of today?
today is gunna suck
That moment when you give the right answer but the teacher doesnt hear you, so some bitch steals it from you & the teacher praises them.
#Nuggets crowd doing it's job in the 1st half. So are the point guards: 22 buckets, 15 assists
The Invention of Penis
The party don't stop till I walk in.
oh you need to send me that site! :)
That nap was essential <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Will you be in Bologna in June? I'll be in Italy shortly and it would be great to meet up with you
Such symmetry.
OMG Froster's Home for Imaginary Friends is on!!!! I never watch Cartoon Network but this is my show!!!
Winter Ball is coming up. And I have no date.
Thanks for the follow , , , , and ! Looking forward to keeping in touch...
jimmy john's un-wch you are my favorite. especially when you have bacon. and avocado :)
Can anyone tell me if Aaliyah was in the video u don't have to call by usher? cause' in the video there was someone looked like her.
The best people in life won't ask you to change but will encourage you to grow every step of the way. <U+2665>
Nights like this make it hard to be a #BrewCrew fan...
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments
If any of you have the 'Twitter', you can 'follow' me on it.
fuck what everybody thinks
Times like this is when I need someone like too help me with all these girls hair and makeup for prom
House cleaning and re-watching
My 5-year-old says to me: "Dad what movie is that billboard for?" I say it's called Cabin in the Woods and it's a horror movie.
yeah I think we fixed it lol.
Glad to hear everyone made it to spring training safely. can't wait for the season to start already.
Numerous Internet researchers have done the same thing as #Google did with streetview; difference in degree or kind?
Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process
good morning wooorlldddd
yes I wuz!
Why did we not pick Konz?!?
- Grade A presentation & team. Congrats Vijay , , and Johnny on all the hard work and progress.
I meant the profile :D
I can't clean my room because I get distracted by the things I find.
#OHSUeffect RT All new OHSU Effect tomorrow 8am! Hear a preview at 5:20 today on Portland's Afternoon News!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
that's for the love!!! Xoxo -KB ;)
estimated percentage of blue vs orange in TBA today?
THANKS EVERYONE who supported the Calvin Jones #BIGBAND #Jazz Festival in ANY way... much appreciation ... on the 1st International
How many of y'all know where y'all really want to be 5 yrs from now ?
“: Steve Blake's season-high 19 pts has up 84-78. 3:40 left in the 4th in Game 7 on TNT. Does Denver have another run in them?”
I like Thursdays cause they're one day closer to Friday.
Tonight is my only day off till Saturday & I have to spend it studying my ass off... cool.
Why am i still awake -____-"
Yo am I really arguing with my film professor on how christian bales abs is better than his ass in american physco?
Graduation is just around the corner! Call us for a reservation 512.320.8883 or email for a private catering!
Uh lol once ..!
Somewhat switching channels for just a day, from basketball to ufc. Love UFC, just not as much as b-ball. Lookin forward to Jones/Evans.
Re: I'd like to be considered head #RaeBot -That position is made available to the person who makes the largest financial contribution
Prom on friday! Gonna look dappeR
Feeling reckless, refuse to make wish @ 11:11, will wait until 11:19
Glad we don't have to sweat out tomorrow. Won't have to blackout in anger. Love it!
Dear Last 6 Months: nice try but I'm still here. Stumbling. Learning. Growing. Laughing. Crying. Loving God every step of the way.
Glad I'll actually be able to watch Parks and Rec live tonight. Usually I work at 9:30 Eastern 8:30 Central!
So want to #FlyMeToLondon we can spend the evening together.
Passed a guy talking to a telephone pole just before Rose St. Wonder how that conversation is going.
. how are you doing?
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! LOVE
Fighting to change foster care - Austin News
Line of the week: "I finally understand the ending of THE SIXTH SENSE. Those were the names of the people who worked on the movie!"
Crazy game
Thank you so much. <3 Can you also Tell your followers and everyone else to vote for Germany? It'd be so amazing. <3
Nailed it! So if anybody needs help on their bracket, I'm finally done with my analysis. Should another year collecting winnings...
WhatsThe411? Got some hits under his belt damn
No we have not. I will def look into that tho!
stupidest thing i've ever read
how much does D3 cost?
Sounds like an incredible show. So sorry I missed it!
I'll use to update my status in real-time during the Nationwide Better Health Columbus Marathon on Oct 17
I am all Bulls and cannot stand the Knicks, but we are all people and treating each other so terribly breaks my heart. Sorry for that
but I still wanna see it!
Yes I can be very nonchalant at times. Its not that I don't have an opinion... its because I really don't care.
Performing tonight in the MAC Lobby as part of the IU Jazz Celebration! Opening for Peter Erskine, Randy Brecker, Bob Hurst, & Alan Pasqua!
think our meeting should be at Perkins since you like their breakfast so much. hahahaha I luv Mr. Perkins thou...everything there
Always! And I'll help you mix up sauces for skin stop.
Thanks! I'm glad to have everyone's smiling faces up on the site!
lmao I hear u man.....aye check your dm
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 14
get at me asap
Why is it so hard for me to focus enough to study?
u coming to eagle tmw?!?!
#rhiannaslaw <3 getting it trending to stop the bullying!
Everybody left me and Max. So we decided it would be best to go to Arby's.
“: Shearers still on my case..."I know I f*cked up Alan, thanks for stating the obvious."”Did u have money on City?!? Ha ha!
How do bands get involved in the Lend-a-Hand, Hear-the-Band event? I know we'd be a great opener..! Thx for letting us know
I am honestly paralyzed at the sight of a cockroach.
YOUTUBE. O_O WHAT IS THIS?!
good looks bruh!
lol, I'm sorry! At least y'all are going to Staples now, right??
I'm SO tired I JUST got Mi PHone to work I NEED A NEW PHONE!
I love the person I thought you were.
Doesn't seem to be a big storm coming, looking at the radar. If you don't mind being rained on a little you're in for a W!
why hellur there stranger, i miss you.
The bluest skies you've ever seen...
Jack Johnson?
almost at 500...
i get my shit the fast way... SKI MASK WAY!
« « I don't have time to hate people who hate me, cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.»»
I do really well with people who are type A personalities. I keep them balanced.
Truest statement in football: "Games are won and lost in the trenches"
#FF and of course,
IMA LICK U LIKE A ENVELOPE
Ready for a great December!
tried leaving a comment on your recent post but it didn't show up. maybe i went to spam?
mike is my guy he is the one that fixed my swing :)
some people said gall bladder and some said appendix. But I'm having trouble "detoxing" maybe that's why I have stomachpain
If She Fuck Me Right Then She Shopping
Nolan..don't get it confused with Noah... Have ya runnin to the ship Cuz u floodin from the way I work my d***
Congrats to and his new brothers that initiated tonight.
not if it is a band that allows taping. Many do.
is giving away last minute tickets to tonight's game. DM me, and you'll get a pair!
Doing my first 2000 person crowd tonight at 8 at Dallas Baptist University. (no Sandusky jokes)
I meant marketing for Also, considering the price of S3, I figured you were in jest.
lol the things girls do for attention smh
I like saying hello to Zombies !
cool! she's my diva & role-model! Xo
See if I can throw you off... This is coming from Twitter! Ha! Don't let the fingers slide too hard of the pad! Ha!
Exploring TriBeCa this eve. Any suggestions of places to check out?
Thanks for the follow; if I'm ever in France, I will have to check out your resort!
All of the pretty gay boys are at
uh, yeah
ATTN: 9/11 truthers please just stop it you're embarrassing your selves and those you associate with who do not share your beliefs.
Oops, just spent it all!
our LOUD PAK came vacuum sealed...
thanks girl!
do u Twitter anymore?
I was very pleased to see you get carpet tweet-bombed by #fsgd after your tweet! Nice jobs guys... And gals.
ha, thanks! I clearly dressed up for the occasion! ;)))
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Most people have plug-ins to use Flash. iPhone and iPad don't support Flash. You must know what devices viewers use.
What kind should I get? >.>
BREWERS WIN!!! Yay!!!
Everyone tilting their heads left to read Townsend's graph
The guy that won $77 million in Powerball worked (now past tense) at the same company as me. No, I don't know him.
I feel like all I do is think about y'all. And all y'all r doing is forgetting about me.
You guys are both invited to hang out on my porch with me all summer, by the way. I'm close to Hikari! :)
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future”
definitely. Now he can draft himself a hefty DT with that pick. Andy loves the big guys.
no idea. doubt it thoo. I have too do a French project thoo. but it shouldn't take long.
Heard they r having trouble selling tix for ntl. TV TCU gm @ Jerry's world, risk of making the school look bad
OMG, an ICONic Girl followed me(: ! Yay!!!
None of it might have happened without your role, Michael. Thanks!
My best bet is probably to hang in the vicinity of Linden Lane close to O'Neill
why ppl date and don't wanna marry
Doc Rivers: "I thought ten different times [Ray Allen] was hurt again [tonight]."
UNYEIP Budget Initiatives: 1. Full Restoration of all cuts to EI Services and Reimbursement Rates 2. Adequate compensation for 18 years …
Wow. Thats all i have to say is Wow. I dont care what anyone says is a legitimate NFL qb, he just wins, and thats all that matters
RT : It was nice 2 see a guy for once display emotion for steph & for u 2 get a sexy ass date! BOUT TIME!<<lol
I want to say thanks for all of your encouraging posts. You motivated me to not accept no for an answer and to follow my dream!
Productive workshop last night. Thanks to everyone who came out.
Last class of the day then I have to spend my night at Thornton...hate study hours.
": On the show, couldn't stop talking about how sexy she thinks Obama is." so, so so sexy!!!!
Even though TSCC won many viewer polls, I understand the decision. Production costs for it have got to be incredible.
RT : Targets for disruptive innovation -> poverty, violence, corruption, people trafficking. (Tx for RT )
Every time I feel like I'm losing my way I dispose the anchors that dragged me there to begin with Unfortunately new anchors always emerges
Would Mayock stop referring to these guys as "cats"? And why is Goodell hugging every player like his mother? Note to Rog, THEY DONT LIKE U!
I just wanted to make sure y'all knew that KG passed Ewing for 12th on the NBA All-Time FGM list and Cousy for 39th on the FTM list
Heading out with my son Michael and Alyssa to look at the wedding reception hall.
#3WordsForYou suck it bitch.
she saved him
He said he doesn't want to come over, cause then he would have to meet my dad. He just doesn't want to go off on him..God I hate my dad
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
but not heavy metal, if he put a sick rock beat down with some lyrics it would be tight to bridge the gap between rock and rap.
Bout to take a nap. Get up then do my homework! Thank god tomorrow is friday!
#AskKeke how do you keep yourself grounded?
oh yea,ok2 sometimes i open twitter at night,yah i'm rarely opened twitter):but here me:)
u askin for a paint fight
Everything About You is my new favorite song! <3
Thanks for the re tweet ! :)
Yes! Stop crying!
can you tell me how to get the gold coin emblem with the 10th prestige skull on it? please i really would like to get it.
There's a spam message going around re: rumors, we did not send it. Disregard please.
Tummy starting to rumble? Head to the Cow for a nice $4.95 lunch!!! Giddy Up The beef is calling your name.....
Im glad desperate housewives is over. There i said it.
once again I am affirmed that I made the right decision 2 1/2 years ago.
jack scared Bennett n Bennett pushed jack who scraped his leg hahaha
i heard they're only nice to tourists for tourism $$$, but they talk smack about them behind their back
Pretty sure that's a stroke. Call a doctor.
Thanks for the #FF!
The work that you do often goes unnoticed, but I see you!
Opportunities await SMEs in Kazakhstan
Christian school invite track meet im excited!
Army Post Office
just ran 20 miles no Runyon for me!
What is going on #superbowl #XLV #CAMERA MAN DOWN !
great run today in the 38 car
And if she ain't tryna get it, then she get dropped off. Lemme bust that u.e, bitch bust that open
What exactly is a dealy-job anyway?
America, are you stupid? The Repubs cause financial crisis, want to steal Social Security from you, yet you'll vote 4 them? To do it again?
omg u should've seen them :O I got flashed twice
it will be better to have extra tickets versus zero tickets though right. Which one is more important?
I am having a "sleep over" with my daughter in her room. 5 is a great age.
Thanks for the Falling Forwards shirt
Work week finally over! Time to f'ing rage. Join me tonight at Vamp Ultra for dem grumpy beats and tasty liquor! Yousa!
Cautionary metaphor: scholar-programmer like carnivore/herbivore hybrid that "perisheth for lack of food" in trad academy?
I love coming home and hearing about more people dying. It's really great. So its nap time since I can't get drunk and hate crying.
With in Nashville for the hawks - preds game. Missing and
names MA as #1 and MD as one of the most-improved! A good day for both of my homes.
The Black Dahlia Murder is this Thursday! Who's coming?
Because as an elected official he's also subject to ethics complnts/issues. It's complicated to say the least.
JUS MADE ME FEEL BETTER WITH THAT VIDEO!
or us as a collections of 'yous' ....
Creatures walk the earth all the time, on the dime.
when and where will you come to Portland, OR for the Bruce Lee benefit art viewing?
Went to the London Supreme store today. I got yelled at for taking pics of the clothes but it was so worth it.
god does things for a reason
One of my biggest internet #petpeeves is when refuses to load YouTube thumbnails.
That really sucks you actually paid money for those gay Oakleys.
I just wanted to play them one more time so we didn't split with them. I didn't say we would win, just that I wished.
Stay Beautiful through the hot summer. Permanent Makeup makes it happen!
You deserve the best. nothing less.
lol yeah i still do that to :)
Meant to say, looking forward to it, yee ha
Thank God that Jazz saved the day
idk. Its just ironic how he is tweeting all these love quotes and hasnt tweeted its a rumor but he inboxed my friend.
Thanks to Pinkberry for grabbing your banners! Dying to try it..... ALL of Magazine Street needs one ;)
#healthtip: Bring it back 2 the days of playing in the backyardAccoring to magazine, hula hooping burns as many calories as running.
A3: Meeting lifelong friends from around the world in Cape Town South Africa
I'd like to be....ROMAN
See you soon! RT : We have a great team from MD heading to the #a4aChallenge next week to tell Congress that
Appreciate the shout out man! Thank you! RT : check out these boys some quality music mayn
ima box ya ears in
great video. I agree about the "why", want to talk about the "how"?
marry me
Chris Paul's demand of trade to one team really destroys #HORNETS ability to obtain maximum value in a trade. What other team would deal?
confusion b/w public page and profile page. cant i have both???
This weather makes me wanna sleep all day.
Just because you have one, doesn't mean you have to act like one.
Getting oriented, if not caught up. Registered for THATCampAHA. Sent emails. Discovered staples and reloaded stapler.
I'm sure glad no woman I know dates you.
do they need to be told/shown what people sacrifice when "selling sex?"
Twitter exclusive: Testicles.
I'm mad souped brittany replied back to me :')
i die for joan and melissa!!!!!
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
The real question is, will Hedo regain his credibility in Phoenix? You have to imagine that Steve Nash will make life easier on him.
Had a nice winner on #SQuerrey (ATP Internazionali BNL d'Italia S Querrey v J Nieminen) in a Trebles from 4 with
Expendables looks like a bucket list film for all the actors invoked. Arnie, Bruce, Chuck, Dolph. Only Statham still making action vehicles.
On some stupid trip with school to an art gallery! I would rather go see tbh;) -sophie
I want to get close to Myles, but it's like he ignores me -.- whatevas.
need one of those
That game tonight was won in the waning minutes of the BC game on Sunday when Sammy redisvovered his shot.
my cat just shut down my computer. that bitch.
Fina Lay It Down HMU If Yhu Have My # !
Champion KTM #LasVegas is hosting an open house & 1 year anniversary party May 4th. #Text CHAMPIONKTM to 90210 for info sent to your phone.
our wedding rings / engagement rings – dscf9049
first impressions tho
-______- Don't you just wanna slap the shit out of somebody when they say something that's really stupid..
Delighted, How did seminar go? Pics of our event, Civil War Encampment, are now on our FB page,
I Miss Hearing and Phunk During the Game! #doesanyoneknowhowtopostvideostofacebook who agrees???
RT Call me crazy, but i would rather be hurt than see u hurt
No Ceilings vs Sorry 4 The Wait ?
was up for a competition today . #PROUD #
my folks get busy RT : Need some of my mc friends to come on stage tonight and rip shit
Finally getting GQ'd up LOL
Every tweet goes a long way towards beating hunger in #Milwaukee! Thanks for the RTs!
That trick can work for a bad zin or Merlot, but bad Chardonnay? I can barely drink good Chardonnay.
Nerlens Noel Picks Kentucky!!
in virtual worlds you can connect with people everywhere - with people you wouldn't have the chance to meet f2f
i love to talk to you all 2nite for free! will you come to keep company with me in free chat? see my sexy clothes!
I know it's hard, but you have to be the bigger person. The world will give you more respect that way.
you got it boss. hope all is well.
Thanks for the RT!
Everyone wants a pet phoenix like Fawkes in Harry Potter...or is that just me?
CBA's up in September and Donnie Fehr now runs the PA. Sadly, do the math
I'm so stressed out...
Well today has been a shitty mess.
that pit/sd/put stretch looks daunting but team will be up for it!
great session sun event for music dir michaelroy.. that was prob one of the best livemashups i have ever played, w/ great vox harmonies
Matt Kemp has been placed on the DL (hamstring) he will be on the DL for 15 games.
Watching The Hangover for the 8493412 time
Tony Styxx started performing during a fire drill at Broad Ripple High School. Styxx is one our Art & Soul featured artists.
It is, i have obligations tomorrow so i.m observing today :-)
Unfollow this pagee it got hackedd follow my new one for an instant follow back!
Wait—you dyed your hair with someone's blood?
Existing Home Sales Slip in February, Still Outpacing 2011 Sales
Alcohol helping with the wordplay?
ahaha i forgot u was moving there! ayee! we def gotta hang out then fa sho!
By box office or bill's taste?
thanks all! So cool!
Had a great night with and her hubby
So obviously we need to #GetAustinToShowOffHisAbs ! But not this ustream cause I'm going to see the Lion King tomorrow! #Nextweek <111
Welcome to Console Game Jobs
Bo... I'm working in Atlantic City next week so maybe the week after!
Going to check out my girl and my family 2nite 7pm at Le Poisson Rouge!!
#instantturnon man hands
Your an inspiration taking time for your fans. I hope to have fans to give my time to some day! keep rockin!
RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
Barnes heating up a little.
I FREAKING LOVE ALL OF YOU!
I don't understand what your issue is with the KATU page, it's readily apparent that it's a bikeportland.org story.
noticed fresh graffiti on the front of this morning : ( people are dumb.
Thanks for mentioning our event!
Mood bored!!!! Missin Victoria tweets ?
In class with
Congrats on the Warrior Dash! I loved reading your experience of the race. So impressed with you.
Uhmm. Next week? c:
Shady Brook Farm Grove
hey I am over tweet limit :) - Nathan :)
OUR FOCUS GENERATING RESULTS FOR YOUR BRAND!
So I experiment with artists, styles now. And Pandora's algo is pretty damn good, fwiw.
yeah blonde attract them but brunettes keep em, so I figured I try something new and go back to my natural!
thx out on the #ff mentions
i hate you.
why haven't I been following you? Here. In this particular corner of the cyberhood. ?? It could be that I'm a twidiot
I see the resemblance! How'd you land in Scotland. Always wonder how folks get gigs overseas! Like on HouseHuntersInternational!
oh my heart goes out to you and your family. I'm very sorry.
Good Vibes...
now if u dnt follow bck imma come follow ur ass for real
Can't figure this out. Just took a cab less than 1.5 miles in Baltimore & it cost $10+tip. I can get on a bus to NYC tomorrow for $20. Huh?
Today is already a crappy day, only to be topped off with last episode. Woe is me.
I HAVE TO GO POOP! Girl knows what she wants!
asking me that is like asking me for advice on how to approach life. (: Is there anything in specific you want to know?
Morning workout then #rugby in the afternoon
I'm sure it has to do with weeks in the Fox schedule for SYTYCD RT : what's the point of that?
PR/Brand/Marketing tweeps - I'm updating my media kit this afternoon. Who wants to see it first? Let's chat! :)
I'm a chocolate chip kind of gal, myself, but this is definitely the best oatmeal raisin cookie on the planet.
those are not sandals. Maybe your problem is that you don't like to see toes...
cant i get a freaking break?! like come on. this isnt right...
The feeling of your wet feet in flip flops... So gross
You are strong enough because in the end you will win!
I know this makes me a terrible 90's adolescent, but if my husband's Nirvana sing-a-long does not end soon, I might scream.
are we ever going to meet up?
Gates at Pentagon Metro station not working. Letting us walk through? Hmm. How will #WMATA goof this up?
ohh, i know(; i saw. i was stalking his twitter(:
Nah, no disrespect! lol I didn't know....I will
yeah - you have have no choice. You're simply keeping your wife happy.
#thatawkwardmoment when you accidently gleak all over your laptop because you opened your mouth funny....yeah...
Instead Of Putting Yuh Partner On A Tight Leash, Give Them Some Room& Let'em Do Their Thing. If They Fuck Up You Know It's Not Meant To Be.”
& tell he left his wife home with his 8 kids lol.
Did you know Smashing Tomato is 1 of less than 40 restaurants in America with the VPN rating? Guaranteeing you authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
Im Tryna Go Too
Once a Dawg, always a Dawg... How sweet it is!!
will y'all be there a while ?
librarians offer something the web never can. curation. they need to be more proactive in offering it.
thanks for the love my dude i got u ill go follow her now
Yeah, that's what I ended up doing. Not quite the same. Thanks for lookin' out, though. 'Preciate it!
Hey actors for sage advice
Any after parties going on tomorrow for ? We wanna play a house show!
“ Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.” Have a wonderful weekend everyone :)
Bet. “: I will get my tweets up to 1000 by the end of this month”
Loving with at #flattsfest so far!! Hoping to hear "cool thing" & "here's to you"!
Did you suck some dick?
Sounds like it's time to start a new leadership hoodie trend!
End of June might work. The #SotTJ is on its way to Europe at the end of this month and going to 2 EuroPads. Send me email.
Its Hot As Fuck IN Arizona....WHy
After talking to me for 5 minutes, Bertrand Russell-quoting cab driver says, "You seem like you've read a lot of semiotics. Is this true?"
Surrender Your Wednesday! DJ Mighty Mi rockin' industry night...hit me up if you need anything 480.612.3337
me too but I'm mad they just killed my boy
I've never been this tired in my life.
The fact that my stolen car stereo was broken anyway *almost* makes up for the gaping hole in my dashboard. *almost*
Just finish the first show at forestwood MS! Now headed Briar Hill MS!
Good luck to my babies and at cheer tryouts!! Make me proud! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Don't make me break out the ass whoopin cane
you crack me up :) How are things going?
Hey #coachjags just won two more games. UNC forfeits 2008 2009 seasons. #coachjags record needs to be fixed to 22-6. Go
Mother Goose Parade officials not ducking their duties, asking El Cajon city council 2B the title sponsor of... the 2012 Mother Goose Parade
RT : "The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity." - Douglas Horton
me too! Queen of Jordan rules “: I love when is on 30 rock! She brightens my long days! Watching her now!”
When a man tries to play in my hair (weave) when I jus got it done!!
my apartment manager keeps knocking on my walls, i keep yelling back at him that my door is in the hallway, he won't listen so I yell louder
I am going with Memphis and Miami meeting in the Finals. What do you think? Does Chicago stand a chance without Rose.
Excited to get my women's tee later this week!
I hate people who lie , saying they are somewhere . When they're not.
do u have tumblr
Just saw the new RTGX #Nimbus Solid State #Storage #mobile demo using an #HP #Ultradense Server using the Doovel #Hadoop Big Data Solution.
Why is Kate Beckinsale wearing a silk toga?!
Calvin Johnson on the cover of Madden 13
If u want 2c #BATTLESHIP in IMAX in Miami, u'll have 2go2 AMCAventura24! AMCSunsetPlace24 seems 2b catering2 kids' movies not Action :(
If I had a# KeurigVue brewer I would call it my java pit stop. -- cyberdol () -- cyberdol ()
shout out to my little cuzzo
Home from school.
Dang! Good stuff. Have a great weekend and enjoy the bay!
I'm not smart I just listen to smart people.
An Epic Fail Can Only Lead To A Monumentous Rise....-Breeze DTA-
yes they are who doesn't love them <3
John Seely Brown laying an intellectual foundation for digital humanities at De Lange Conference
we are in Michigan on vacation
Its on Queen!! RT : My days of struggling are over thanks to
RT : “: WE HAVE THE CAUSE.YOU HAVE THE EFFECT. Donate 2 #Help4Hygiene & make an impact.
Yes, it is! But I'll look into why you didn't get a text. Did you get an email or twitter dm perhaps?
#INeverUnderstood why so many ppl were born without common sense
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like www.localfolksfoods.com
what do you Ay??? hell
Want to see the day an HBCU beats one of these BCS teams. That might get more Black athletes thinking about playing for Black Colleges
TIV will be May17 @ Level 3. Annual bday bash 4 Free cover. Huge event. Dont miss it. Will you be there?
Three minutes.
I know, hence why I said it LOL
none of my friends knew about you, so i showed them your song . AND GUESS WHAT . YOU HAVE JUST WON 500 MORE MAHOMIES <3
Omw 2 get this check. Drinks on me. Just bring cash if you wanna drink too lol
Maybe they're just super comfortable for ass-kicking. More flexibility.
you bet!!!
You would there would a business in geek-centric piñatas!
Thank you. Someone else sees it. RT : Those two doubles given up by Veras were fair by about a combined 2.5 inches. Tough luck.
So excited that has a twitter... was listening to Fallen and was thinking it'd be sweet if she did! <3
Hardest working mom in showbiz
I think I'll start a notebook with Pinterest recipes. ;)
RT : FOX NEWS REPORTS: Romney Could Make History by Defeating First Gay Muslim President /
Another field goal!!!!
Have fun.
Sick stat ! - RT : Milwaukee Brewers P Zach Grienke has a ERA of 1.51 since the All Star Break
Proclamation presented to Lady G
Final dress done. Always a little depressing to be the only designer in the room...
A lot of lemon and grapefruit citrus on this Colombelle Blanc for me...crazy acidity.
Now it's time to play some COD.
yeah I stayed commited with quiting but yeah >.< Yeah I'm done! Now I just gotta move out :):
ha! Thanks!
I was kidding guise.
Be grateful for everything you have today:) Remember there are people with much less!
They're just cardboard cutouts.
Check out our Facebook page!!! Press 'Like'! www.facebook.com/flighttoathena
Morning cardio...check! Barre at tonight with
come home to me
Mrs. Janice bought me a bracelet & clutch for prom. Seriously, she's like a grandma to me. I love her <3
What's this all about...are the #Packers rocking alternative unis next year?
Congrats to ABQ for Top Honors for My Story is Written in ABQ - most innovative.
Okay, I'm officially on a kick again. Yayyy! Last time I went through this phase about three years ago. Haha <3
S/O TO D HOMIE BRUCE IRVIN
there must be somethin in the water...
A Fav place to visit! RT: Tourism #1 job creator in Oregon. 8K jobs in the last year.
I don't want to be creepy, but I dreamed we created the Antichrist last night.
happy to help and pretty sure it's better than going to the dentist, and can make it much easier for you ;)
Rihanna's Where Have You Been is my ish!
Hot in Cleveland
Awww... it's already over. I hope The Bowery shows more concerts live.
Finished work on a new song. Details coming soon
Red State : cool and funky. Waiting to hear from kev his reasons for.
Luck + Horseshoe = Duh
mom believes the angels sing, but dad believes the devil brings..
#Florence is only 25? More like 34. (I'm talking a lot of trash tonight)
Party America does not sell fake dog poop.
Tweet to the FACE!!!!!
When no guy has liked you in 2 years. That when you no you
So Like Tommorow Im Gonna Like U Know Try And Get My Nerves Together And Talk To Him <3 :)
I'm the luckiest woman in the world. Sometimes it takes something big happening to see that, but Im so glad I finally did. I love you baby!!
After Hours Blog : Bluebrain’s “Central Park (Listen to the Light)” Location-Based Album
Wow signed to Cash Money records!!! Big move big homie!!
How qanqster does this make me look? I qot to find me some dum dums to eat!
"Prefer to spend money on one sharp developer to make an application do great stuff for users" rather than vendor customization
Looking forward to meeting you and worshiping together! Praying for you.
Tonight! Is our amazing guest at ! Join us w/ Dj for glitter, drinks, mashups & madlibs! 10:30!
Happy Birthday to my big bro, Ray. There is nothing quite like time with family :)
Sent the hubby to the mall-should be interesting!
I'm doing good. How have you been?
is a genius. He's following in my comedic footsteps.
ur welcome! It occurred 2 me hearing u sing "how gr8 thou are" that u can never thank some1 enough 4 their voice. Thx 4 follow
- Hey! Would love to introduce you to our video platform!
Have him hit us up on twitter or
#LakeShow mothafuckas!!!!! Bring on the thunder!!!
ELIXER TOMORROW FOR BDAY BASH COME PARTY WITH THE LOVELY LADIES OF #EnvyMeEnt & #SavageLifeEnt <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7>BE THERE OR BE TALKED ABOUT
Penn State has 25 Media Commons locations that are similar to the digital union.
Working on Xmen parody video, hoping that it will be out next Sat.!
Haunt you to your grave, lightly.
I love this verse!
1/2 Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm. Don't forget about the FREE wine tasting tomorrow from 4-6pm!! See you there!
my nerves are already going insane, can't imagine how Steph feels. Thankfully it's girls night, jemME!
Nobody like him. "Coach Coattail Rider". RT “: Lakers fans.. U like Mike Brown?”
It was hard.
I am so sorry to hear that. I just got to functional this morning. I can do without migraines entirely.
I say lead him off still. Can't think of any one else to put in the 1-2 slot. Izturis? Morgan? Aoki? Yucks.
Thanks. RT : Hi thanx for your keynote earlier. Was interesting, and good to speak to you afterwards.
Yeah I'm in Cali driving the PCH from SF to LA right now, it's beautiful. Where r u Chinca Chinquenta Face??
Rise and shine fans! We play a game that counts tonight.
We play at Toby Keiths in St. Louis Park from time to time.
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads! We appreciate you and love you!!
Getting comfortable w/1.3. Wish for: narrow columns, clicking on Growl notif opens tweet, trackpad side scroll, search in columns
waiting on a sunny day to shoot some new video for the hydrobikes!
RT You Assume Things = You Look Like A Dumbass. You Don't Assume = You Look Stupid When Your Assumptions Were Right. -_-
Pretty badass Free Vertical Jump Training course! It works Instantly! wanted to share www.theverticalpro.com
--extremely and utterly comical! Thanks for all the colorfulness and eccentricities your twitter presence brings.
Who is Sue Burke?
Hey, thanks -- been fun!
if I was your best friend, I'd want you around all the time
I find that I'm a connoisseur of fine literature. Currently reading 'Barbara: Barbara Striesand's Life in Pictures'.
Bahaha.. Android just drank mini bud lights and fell asleep and now I'm listening to him sleep talk about dry wall.. Hahaha
Shucks…It brings me joy knowing that it brought you joy. Some good stuff indeed.
Sometimes i set my standards 2 low ..its ova 4 dat
no, but we are all pogo'ing in our offices
Got it! Thanks!
Ask Ray J, Miles or Hump RT : How do you spell tanorexic anyway? Tannerexic? Tannorexic? Is this even a real word?
Day at a Time..I'm just chillin plottint
Us bearded bald guys stick together. And kick ass.
“: can't make it to the Evansville show, car trouble, but if you go thru Owensboro, lemme know” ANYONE WANNA GIVE GURL A RIDE?
If Anybody knows Anybody that's selling a Sprint or At&t iPhone4S please hit me up!!
There is no futur there is no past I live this moment as my last ( )
Network Programmers needed for a rapidly expanding #MMO company in the
Tweet, eat, sleep, repeat. <3
No, we just expect pro athletes to earn their keep and not pass the accountability onto someone else.
I haven't heard anything official yet but little bird at #afta11 just told me that we got the California Arts Council grant we applied for!
when I first read that, I thought your hashtag was "donut onto others" ... which is also a very sweet and giving sentiment ;)
Yeah!!! Bulls won!!!
encourage one another.
Good morning to you too!! :)
three white guys and a Mexican!
Haven't been up this early in quite some time.
I miss my bo <3
#uicdae audio descriptions: be the eyes not the brain, don't describe too much, don't interfere with native audio & speak clearly
A flock of teenage girls came in the cafe I am eating at, and I am reminded how happy I am to no longer be a teenage girl.
well those r the good ones lol how bout the bad ones
Wow. I love seeing my friends doing well in life :) especially ones that deserve it most! And when they let me drive their new audi! :D
Thanks it's fully recovered this is just first REAL test. Good luck @ LSU but remember, everyone wants to be a Nole!
Imma take Steelers lanyard and put his keys on my #ArmyStrong lanyard when he's asleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
thanks for following me back!
NOW STEVE MCNAIR? WOW! RIP. HOPEFULLY THEY FIND WHO KILLED HIM N HIS FRIEND!
Shout out to my Bro bringing my other mother to the same show, I know both of them are excited...Gotta treat mom right!!!
Not much Tweeting Tonight, BUT can I just get a GO PACK GO...????
Orlando, around 9am and after...
I'll be honest, I had to Google him. And even still, he didn't register. That's what happens when you're not a 70s Royal. Ha!
not happy. Hope he can ball out like he's capable of. Dude drives me nuts, tho. I'd do anyting for da Pack so I won't hate jus yet
My new picture on Instagram is getting no love.
smh, what you get a ticket for?
I hate not having anything to do.
Guaranteed Ratings Beast RT : Check out 's discovery channel show Butthole Garage
my mom posted that on my page. haha
Who's watching some football and enjoying Rubicon beer? I am!
great game from Mat and Hell of a hit at home. Glad x-rays came back ok!
ha I didn have time yet
where's that?
Tonight at Kilroy's Sports cover is only $5 per 2 people. Well worth it, considering everything is HALF OFF!
#20ThingsAboutMe Im an easy person to get along with unless i don't get along with you or like you.
Watching Damages. Such a great show.
All experience is an arch, to build upon. Henry B. Adams
who's following me 2day...
Support KDRP radio @ Hill's Cafe in Austin TODAY! Great lineup: Paula Nelson, George Devore, Matt Hubbard, Waylon Payne & myself. Cheers! 2p
You don't call retarded people retards, it's bad taste. You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded.
thanks. your stuff looks kick-ass !!
I did not know. Now I feel like crying. Death is heavy no matter x's you have to mourn someone.
never seen a bad game there. And if you're on a bay run during a game, you can stop for filed level view out in right for free
going out with family, same haha its really embarrassing you don't know where to look :') :$ x
They say you don't tug on Superman's cape, you don't spit into the wind, ...
Today is a huge match against mainland.
it comes a time that what is right is right and destiny kicks in. Love it
Yeah I'm gonna appeal the shit out of it.
ATSU keeping those affected by #Joplin tornado close to heart. All students accounted for. More to come as we have it.
Going 2 the Shins 2night with ... if the weather holds out. Fingers crossed!
“: its a dream come true for #eddieblum. 16 yr olds everywhere” hahahahahahaha yes
Independent artists tell you their dreams and a perspectives. Listen!
I know it can be so Draining and a waste of time
now that's funny! I never follow rules of society! I'd rather be an outlaw than an inlaw!
excellent! just let me know when and I'll stomp over :)
“: So glad you could make it to #MEIAwards tonight!” Glad to be here - inspiring work!
yeah, I wish you would have ordered from us too on this snowy week ;)
Maybe you're a mole. Do you have shovel-like hands and beady eyes?
I know how Newt felt in Iowa. It's been one of those days.
so what can we excpect Family Night wise? 100% or is it different this year? like a 7 on 7 or something?
tumblr post limit + being sick and unable to leave the house all day +lack of human interaction = i am extremely antsy and easily aggravated
Thanks ! You're fabulous!
I need my car back. I cant do this being stuck in the city much longer...
it's fair for me to assume that people who grow up in small texas towns learn to drive on tractors instead of cars?
I feel like hitting the buffet
..and 6 from Chandler...Boo! ": LaMarcus Aldridge is five possessions from fouling Brendan Haywood out."
what year did we play in ATL?
When I first read it, I felt it wouldn't be my fave, but I really like thinking back to it now. Must re-read!
I'm Ridin Round & I'm Gettin'it *police sires* ...OHH SHIT!
¤ Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. Vince Lombardi
If your In Knoxville, TN tonight come out to Cotton Eyed Joe's to see Randy Houser!!! Show starts at 8 PM!!!
If u are a man sitting in the passengers side of another mans car; y would I wanna talk to u?
Tickets on sale for Kirk Franklin,Byron Cage,Isaac Caree,Amber Bullock,Charles Jenkins and Cheneta Jones.
Boy howdy! I smell what the Ellwood is cooking! Enjoy the day.
Way to go...good for you!
Too bad Newt followed one of this conservative advice as Speaker.
I'm a Words with Friends ninja! You just can't hold me.
actually it's just the pizza guy from the segment. Phew
where at Baltimore if so holla at me
Good morning baby :D
Wishing everyone a great day! Happy Friday.
Acoustic guitar and coffee the best way waste time before work -chr1s
Go Giants
Omfgggggggggggggg wtf is going on ah nothing better happen to my stiles
I feel lucky every day that I am able to serve people using books. I always tell others that service is our highest priority
Message me for FREE MEMBERSHIPS ON OUR SITE... Find that playmate..:)
You still in NYC?
AWESOME! We look forward to seeing you, Karen!
": Remember when the Secret Service had an honorable image? A few stupid men ruin years of reputation.
Big recording session today for the new album. There will be banjo.
I'm feeling oddly really good today. Maybe it was the eclipse.
Yumm. Did you use the Le Pasta vodka sauce?
happy birthday! <33333333333333 im your biggest fan
Titans are out for Manning......
Be Massive @ Kildare's OSU! Crew @ 3:30 Also catch the Reds, Indians and the NHL playoffs on one of our 17 big screens!
Sunny, sunny day... time for a ride. And then some; take my fat tires to Comfort manana manana, back in time for slow-braised lamb Monday.
Derek Luke is my guy. Great movie.
Pretty pumped I signed in and see you tweeting Love it.
I'm just a teenager trying to find my place in this world..
Its wasn't that great kinda like one of those 'ancient aliens' things they play.Walking Dead is good lil drama focused atm:)
some use cases: coordinating meetings throughout the day, getting together with a group of friends after work.. thoughts?
Wheels are falling off the Pacers bus...
I can not stay focused holy shit
I need to tan asap! I look all white!
I just don't know about that. Music is good, but for me chocolate is even better. Chocolate is a gift from the gods.
I JUST HAD TO BE REAL CAUSE THAT IS WHATS FUCKIN THIS GAME UP......
This weather perfectly describes my feelings right now.
i def watched the graduate today haha
"Midnight In Paris" now stands at $48.5 US on 399 screens after 12 weeks.
What is a fish taco?
This album is still awesome!
Hey! Fancy meeting you there. It's rather nice down here.
an his production ppl
: God made my life complete when I placed all of the pieces before him.. Now I feel put back together... Ps18:20,23
Yoooo Go Follow My Girl Certified #Dopefiendz {[MUST FOLLOW]} Foo So {[RAPE]} Dat {[FOLLOW]} Button
group of friends told me i must see that movie with them. I was like no! The Vow Hmm! lol
You've got more natural acting talent than most of our generation. Ur' expressions r always perfect w/ ur' Character's situation
Ralae lastnight was inspiring,most unique pairing of my life,bold flavors but so fresh&so clean.BigThks2 Kim,Ulf,JonTam,Anders
Smart Money Monday: Asset Allocation
it seems like #apple is blending a lot of their products. seems interesting ..
I didnt like him! I only said that because me being stupid might of thought that it would make u jealous and want me.. Hes fake!
LOL. Oh kitty.
and live with Molly! “: It's decided. When I finish college I'm moving to Denver. #Colorado #beststateever”
Someone new will come (:
2NITE at SHOWMAN'S 125th & M'side 8:30-12:30. Blowin' the blues w/ Colin Brown organ, Pete Van Nostrand drums & yours truly on tenor.
get your baby from a shelter Sarah Silverwoman
Hate when people in the office do the "scratch throat " thing with their mouth!!!
yea thats true.. So be grateful for our friendship :) lol
it's great. Can't complain. Still must connect soonly. Enjoy your weekend.
ATTENTION #SOPA FIGHTERS there is a NEW THREAT: #ACTA i have taken down the banner on the blog site and replaced it with valuble infoon ACTA
I hope I see him, he makes me so damn happy.
We would love to do a fitness segment for you guys!
Never Fear, Brooklyn is Here.
Looking for Denver's best burger? Try Tarbell's in Southglen, voted best burger in Denver 2011 by Westword Magazine.
Just spoke to Dave Ratner at your firm, looking forward to possibly working with RR & R in the future.
I'm a pimp.......Sike im not ghetto O.o
About to go home and go to sleep then be jacked on red bull for the rest of the day
no problem! :)
Most days I think free is too high of a price to pay for that shuttle.
I know nothing about journalism. But I do know that some people at the #pennst news conf should be ashamed of their conduct
you have a working television and the ability to watch Fox right?
i need to make money
who cares bout him im talkin bou the boys
But that wasn't her. That was me. I thought it was okay. You were already DMing him. Thought he was on our side.
Popular kids tend to earn more in their adult life.
thank you! Our entire family room is all Yankees holiday decorations! Living room more formal ;)
Just realized Basecamp lost textile formatting. #WEAK :(
Shop will be OPEN Noon - 4pm today and EVERY Saturday! Stop by if you're on the Eastside. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
Mayor talks about #abgheadinghome project expanding his view of leadership.
sorry if I spoiled it for you. :(
Tweet me guise.
I'm jealous of the Jags. Justin Blackmon is going to be a stud WR.
#ReTweetThisIf if you want your tweets to be retweet
I was eatin some chicken n I was tryin to break the half n when I did the bone flung out my hand n hit my bf : )
It is all love!
Fanfic project update. Got some HD blog -cams. Who wants to be first to volunteer to record their fanfic experience for the project?
Email from account you used at sign up. Use subject line BOOMER. We'll reply by noon tomorrow w/ tix.
How it works, in a nutshell: 1. See it. 2. Pin it. 3. Share it. The real currency on #Pinterest is visual data. -
Aughh. Taxes are a bitch. Wine is gone. Rubbing alcohol starting to fascinate. Indeed, Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me!
School plan alters calendar - The Advocate
Sometimes I wish I didn't have a brain..
#scottiepippentweets i love The Color Purple but Soul Plane was a work of art
Thank u I'm member/Veteran. Ask your Vets to pass along now showing
probs because your too ratchet you can't even think straight!
"you gotta remember put one in his brain. The first one he goes down, then you put one in his brain and you know he's dead and we go home."
: Tune in now for the live set from the Do512 Lounge in Austin - debuting songs from the new HISB album!
RT Got Some Exclusive Acapellas. Need You On Here Famalamski !
time for back to school shopping
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Records Management Analyst for their client in # DC or #Chicago. The Analyst will support the …
What's the reasoning behind them not wearing the uniforms?
Agreed. This is my first ISTE - it's a bit overwhelming.
I see you tweet and follow all these amazing beliebers but why dont you ever notice me?
Very excited to be setting up the Maney stand at MLA at the Washington State Convention Centre in beautiful down town Seattle.
You must come see the space!
Is Obama using "coolness" to compensate for his incompetence? I'd say YES.
Thank you very much JoJo, you're so kind xx
Trouble in Toledo
I'm really hoping you see this. But even if you don't, i wont stop trying. I want you to know how much i support you !
LOL I meant my fave after of course! Lol
You're welcome!
Wat up tweetsters get at me
Heading to the office to complete weekly anecdotes...
Ragnar Kjartansson just won the Malcolm Award!! And his video The Man is up !!
Batman Begins is ridiculously underrated, I blame the Dark Knight for overshadowing it.
the ravages of age
awesome facebook and website. you are amazing
Thanks for the mention!
RIP Amy Winehouse. Your soulful voice will be missed.
ok, there was a spot in the article that gave me the impression it might be normal and thought I'd ask.
He should get out of the world..
Working hard on revamping our website. Anyone want to give us a hand?
Freshly cut chicken breast cooked in a thick creamy sauce, and Naan bread!!!": What's for lunch today? #mkedining #mkefoodies"
i would give #TeamMGMC a 25 :)
H-Town
U.S. Stocks extended their sharp gains Tuesday with the blue-chip index surging past the psychologically-important 13,000 level.
uh huh lol , I love you to (:
ah, I haven't heard of Colette. Have you done any videos on plays you've been to?
Will never understand the big deal with Gay marriage. If couple wants to be married they should be married. Its not your life, why care?
oh and by the way
Salad is really bad for you. Fortunately any calories that come from anything green don't count. :-)
Quick trip to Secret Headquarters and then dinner at in Silverlake before back to more work before leaving for the weekend.
-_- no burrito for you when you come to Vegas!
Fletcher on HNIC "it doesn't appear to be a short term thing."
play in both formats yearly, guess I'd say serpentine by a nose
We are hosting a Business Summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs April 4...Have a Press Passes...Would you be interested?
I refer to some folks I work with that way.
RT : “A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.” -Oscar Wilde
It's free in the iTunes store (at least for now!)!
So #packernation... what other sports do you follow?
thank you, I definitely will:)
Hey whats the best co. for Linux virtual dedicated srvr parallels Plesk?
Getting excited about the Flashmob today! Are you coming?
Anytime, i'd do anything for you! Can't wait to see you in march && april! <3
Thank you for the retweet!!!
it doesnt matter (i got a dirty mind!!) :) suprise me :)
I #BELIEVE will follow me. I also Believe that I'll met him one day. He's my idol and I'll do anything to meet him! FOLLOW?<U+2764>
thanks for rt
Beat the heat with a refreshing Orange Cooler cocktail!! And don't forget Ladies' Night tonight!!!!! 1/2 off all drinks at the bar!!!!!!!!!!
There's a putt putt for sale on Southport road east of Madison and there's a need for a good Bar in the area!!
I'm moderating an panel discussion today on education policy issues in the MD legislative session.
work is so much more enjoyable when you can open up a window to enjoy the #spring weather. 67 in DC!
Dumb _____ first period teacher gave me ____ lunch detention for always coming late her class. #smh #dontlike _____
Wow what a big call that was!!!!
Time to be productive…
my day isnt over yet. bleh
Giving me my money RT : what he lie bout
Abram: libraries that don't follow collaborative projects are not just missing, but not fulfilling their moral responsibility
hey peopel how are you
glad you could join us, feel free to reach out to us with any questions. Have a great day!
thanks man!!
Can't wait for winter to come, , I lOVE the clothes :)
Peace<U+FFFD> starts within each one of us. When we have inner peace, we can be at peace with those around us. HH the Dalai Lama
he said watching tv, you? And arty, I think my brother wants to be friends with you :) so be nice to him& your wack <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Well, probably not whooping then. Sub-acute cough maybe.
waah i wish, i doubt my mom will bring mee
'Packers Woodson, "Every year somebody’s going to win. To go back and win again just puts you in a whole ‘nother stratosphere."
Morning its been a while
yaaay(: I just guessed cuz they're my favorite band too!
so, how many totes per game are you looking at now that the law firm has re-located?
East coast ghost
ok it's okay
Figured I'd better try this Twitter thing before I knocked it. :-) Things are great! How're you?
tis is true.. I'll hit u up tomorrow Dean!
i feel guilty hitting on women when they have their toddler kid with them
How much of our success as designers hinges on our ability to stare at a screen all day long?
Note! The Bakken Museum will be closing tomorrow, Saturday 5/21, at 3:00PM for a private event.
Wow. We are so sorry that happened and that link definitely didn't come from us. Thank you for letting us know.
looking frwd to it. Have a lovely holiday and Easter.
idk they might
You don't own a dog...
Hollywood bound!!!! Hollywood Inn Express South has just been added, to our constant growing list, offering 15% off rates........
Goodnight All My Followers ;*
Get it girl!!
oh, thanks von von. Love ya too.
@ roaringpajamas and my other twitter is if you want to follow me there
love that album :) Amazing
..They Only Want You When You're 17, When You're 21 You're No Fun.. -Ladytron
Is it too late the day after Valentine's <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D> to tell someone you will, in fact, be their Valentine?? Lol
My hometown, Bedford, sucks
hahjaaaaaaa THIS IS AWESOME.
if i could i would just call me superman lol:-)
Just received first grades for the new term. Anxieties now eased…
Thanks for the tip. Did not know that!!
Looking forward to #journchat tonight. I hope no one minds that I have a million questions.
I agree. Suggestions on how to better integrate traditional & digital mktg teams at large agencies?
looked sexy even in that weird outfit! fast women lmao this is why i <3 him!
My desk has become kind of a train wreck leading up to #minnewebcon - is inspiring me to clean.
Struggling with a head cold today.
i thought you were going down south?
Thank You!
Someone give me a good song :"p
so thankful for my daughter in love.
:( it smells so good
Its just so soon -.-
They form unions?
RT : If its not about the school you went to, then what is the point of an HBCU?
*stupid show comes on tv* me and my sister: CHANGE IT BEFORE IT GETS ANY VIEWS!!!!!! lol
Ozzie should have stuck with the straight up apology. The language barrier thing just makes it worse
Even a few minute of photographing yesterday was crazy. It was like listening to Wilson Philips all for 10 hours straight.
My family isn't accepting of gays. You don't get to pick family; sometimes you aren't dealt a good one. It's not your fault.
Thanks for the mention.
Word on the street is you're rocking out with us tomorrow with the 80 students from Texas?
smacked LA by almost 30! 119- 90 ! They about to send them boyz home this round!
Excited to have my paper accepted to the 2012 NEMLA panel "Corporeal Borderlands: Food Narratives and the Female Body"
Hey is Super 8 any good?
2/18 at noon its the #FFLFabLab Open House! Learn about the #Makerbot 3D printer and PSP Super Computer technology
no that dress looks so beautiful on you !! You looked pretty last night, the dress color and the hair style and make up,great!
When takes ur phone its bad news!!!!!!!
Shirt Guy Direct for all of your uniform, apparel, embroidery, and screen printing needs. Serving #PembrokePines and all of
Its cold and rainy in Boston this morning.
ur a good actor, u remind me of Lindsey L. Sorry nothing bad bout that, I think Lindsey is a good actor too :)
Gotta get some more headshots made when i return from vegas. ANGELIC PHOTOGRAPHY is the bomb!...Go Mike Moorer!!
Congressman Capuano did amazing speech at #ansa11 food and nutrition conference yesterday. Passionate pitch for caring for the underserved.
Everyone isn't meant to be involved in your life
I saw Ryan when he was in The Bigger Lights. He's hilarious I love that kid. Anyway I'll see what I can do. :D
BRILLIANT!!! Great job Sean.
it was a spanish hangover
Though I didn't see it in person - I don't feel like I missed the #spaceshuttle due to social media
Those who speak out against gay rights &/or gay marriage are 2012 George Wallaces. They just can't see it yet.
have a great weekend!!
I just saw your #FF, Thank you!!!
I'm doing a URISA LiDAR webinar as we speak!
is such a gork. (Someone who farts in the bathtub and bites the bubbles) gross right!?
Washington Redskins 14 St. Louis Rams 0 15:00 in 3rd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
I think I just killed @ when I was trying to post a picture of an albino :(
According to my professor, my life should revolve around his class. Two papers due tomorrow.
Bruh, LOOK AT THIS THREAD LMAOOOOOOO ... shit will not end well!!!
No plans for MoCCA this year like last year?
#YouGettinPunchedIf You from ITT Tech or Education Connection and your talking trash about Everest
thanks for the kind words. Check out honey pie for sure, if you love comet you'll love honey pie.
My roommate's teenage boy left his facebook up. Reading through his messages. It is extremely fascinating.
We have a temper that always seems to come out at the worse possible times, making seem like we act live 4 year olds
I'm running off 4 cups of coffee
Still here..
Dear #phillies, get a huge inning so I can be graced with plenty o'time to purchase me some craft beer. No mas light beer.
telescope hunt massive hidden object in space
paradise fears
Yesterday's good night sleep was rewarded w insomnia. Fantástico!
Sometimes I worry that my shyness is mistaken for me being an asshole, but that must not be true because of my lack of past lovers.
Interested in advertising on our blog?! We offer great yearly rates from $100-300! If interested send us your contact info!
At the mall :)
By the way Cole Aldrich should be getting more than clean up minutes.
that must suck but your helping the world turn.
I'm starving but I don't want to get out of bed...
Check out on YouTube
thanks... you should try it one week... get SWEATY to this!
RT : I really don't understand why people are objecting to Dilla's record collection being sold.
Sam in Lazarus Rising!
Don't forget to come listen in on the #teaparty members at 5pm at the civic center
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to some Solemn Oath brews.
thx JV, always a pleasure having you at the office!
Congrats on the renewing of wedding vows. We leave for Jamaica on April 1. Our wedding will be there on April 7th. Excited.
"wake up and smell the ocean, cos i found better ways.. of spending all these nights in san diego.. without you in my way." -ALESSA IS RED.
So just crumpets then?
I just heard Tracy Morgan got boob at a concert. Good for him!
The diligent man maketh rich ~
Do you need Duct Cleaning Service In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
dawwww, he so cute
Did you come to #Sofias to see #MySinatra last night? What did you think?
woohoo! iMassage is pretty cool. Blue speech bubbles instead of green when you are texting iphoneless people
; it's been a very long day.
It's Thursday, anybody got any hot sports takes?
its their biz model. Pay the ind. contractors per install. So they hustle through as many/day as they can
the skinny brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
That was a NICE crossover by Wade
Who knew a movie based around MMA fighting would be a tear jerk-er? #Warrior was great! #RealSteal was really good too.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together. -Desmond Tutu
Oh no!! I hope you feel better!!
being humans actually a pretty good show! on ep 4 right now yay nap time!lol
work always ruins everything haha. Amanda has to work almost every weekend :((
hahahahaha, she makes me laugh;-)
Monday Night Snack - after 10pm {CHICKEN WINGS, white wine & grapefruit gastrique}
UM loss is totally worth the downfall of any bracket.
I will never stop supporting Obama! Go read your history on FDR if you think he has compromised a lot! Then go get yourself elected pres !
Action is the real measure of intelligence. - Napoleon Hill
ncis will be the death of me. well maybe just crime shows in general
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." Robert Louis Stevenson
haha i love that! :D
hey tumblr app. could you like, work please? thanks.
I guess I just wonder where a historian is going to go to get this stuff in the future.
Care Bears strewn across interstate, hearts brutally torn from stitching
Haha! You could just restrict the other seats to "wanteds" only...
I hope that in 2012 people will learn to pronounce French words correctly.
it's the only day that starts with a W, just in case you were unaware.
congratulations to her and your family!
Wonderful! Thank you so much!
yeah of course!! Right after I'm done watching Smash! :P
Y'know what's more annoying than talking/texting in the movie theater? Taking pictures WITH flash! I mean seriously??!
#WFUD12 talking about the heroic efforts of lawyers to liberate poetry. Shakespeare would be proud.
Five Hour Energy... you have the WORST commercials I have ever seen in my life. I know youre selling enough to afford good ads, come on.
Sorry, Stephen King/Dark Tower reference. :)
Merry Christmas to everyone! May the be merry and bright
drink a little drink, smoke a little smoke
What's the rate on being eaten vs dipping?
I'll let your chips do my talking for me.
Follow and win $100
telling my mom im trying to find a fuck to give and her just laughing
Attending #ClybournePark with - a fellow I'm acquainted with. A too-rare trip to NYC.
y yu hang up? ?
Haha, I felt like I had to own it. Miss you amiguita!
OMG. I really want to go there now! OMG. Im gonna see if my parents will take me this summer (:
Fishing Rod Racks or Holders make good Christmas presents.
I Love Jordan Benker Because he is my mom.
I'm about to go to bed soon..
ok just leaving the zoo omg so tired :-(((
tonight! #MeltingPot welcomes back at ! upstairs lounge. 7PM. music, moving, and mayhem.
last full week of school
Thanks for the RT on April 25th! I'm so late, but still wanted to say thanks!
Can not wait to workout tomorrow! Drank way too much beer on this vacation haha.
It's going to be another gorgeous day in Boston tomorrow! We open at 10am for brunch.. See you on the patio!
Thanks for a fantastic unconference!
I hate people bye
I am a huge fan of your art work I love it all
Took the #kindle back and bought myself an #iPad xD
Looking up crap about ukulele's. and I just learned it's "Ukulele" not "Ukelele" .. woops. lol you ? [:
RT : “The best way to make a fire with 2 sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.” Will Rogers
it really was!!! lol
Im gonna be driving to school tomorrow!
that annoying moment when you realize you miss someone who you shouldn't be missing ... </3
Me and my babe were shopping at Walmart for like 3 hours smdh
The EYP committee to help plan our annual Oscar® Party is meeting for the first time tonight.
Fitta! hope all is good with you! :)
what about "see you in hell, sucker!"
Meteor break is over. Saw one good one! Time to put the kid to bed and then back to #readathon!
Really just killed that paper ! Let's get this night started tho
Dont touch my hair
Eastward bound!
Thanks! #club963 “: nice job with the skrillex it's about time that hit the radio!”
finally gonna learn how to use Smart Board technology
In other news: Yay, I submitted my grades! Disappearing tomorrow for a long weekend in a one-room cabin on the dunes of Cape Cod.
right now we are focusing on C&D waste recycling so we will not be attending! Hope it goes well, though!
I'm way behind in keeping up my tweet credentials, just haven't been in the tweet mood, plus I've been busy. Anyways, Happy Easter. :) <U+2665>'s
I used the "sound enhancer" tool on iTunes and now all of my music sounds like Blue Man Group. :(
Love the high speed shots in this
you're so picky.
“: Man F*CK the Jets”calm that down son
I'm in <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> with life<U+2755>
Oh, wow, I remember seeing that in Austin's Dobie theater ages ago. It was a fun movie.
the train is cheap, gets you tower city (~20min ride), but you'd have to walk to the hotel from there ~15-20min
your really good :) follow me & maybe do a shout out for me :D
You should therefore have, at hand, the cash to keep the shop running for about six months
Oh, glad to see we're all back!
Such a fucking idiot I swear.. Im getting back to my #NT roots except this time imma have bitchs in line for the kicks..
That was pretty :) I liked the cool garage door in the beginning too!
Omg!!! I didn't see that coming!!!
chilling out side in the sun awaiting an awesome #BBQ cuz the weather here in #MAINE is so beautiful
Every thing should be a deal...visit www.hometownmeal.com and see for yourself. Star saving today from local restaurants. #restaurant #f ...
Sometimes playas get lonely too
Rep. Michele Bachmann says she is officially a candidate for GOP nomination for president
agreed...many questions. Probably questions we shouldn't get into on twitter haha
ohh that's good (;
You can only really appreciate the new music if you have a listen to the old, go to www.artistdavidadams.com music coming guys GET READY!!!
So I'm way to back to Miami form Orlando and I think I just passed tour bus... it said JET SET on the side, am I wrong?
dnt say that
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THE #MIAMI #MARLINS' SEASON TO BEGIN!!!
belligerence at its finest
yes sir! I'll hit you tomorrow broski
Ick, nothing's loading tonight. Guess that means I should go to bed. Night all!
will do! What's a good time/day?
Who said we haven't?
ah you're so full of love!! Haha!! Love it!! I was watching ur vids on the other day. I loved the Russian ones.
Need your boarding pass printed securely? Send to we'll show you how in the delight booth #Xerox hall 8b
I can't wait until I get mine!!!!!!
#NowFollowing <R E T W E E T>yah_J
punk'd ?
julesrlavin Are you one of her followers?
bring back nachos
selling a 5 burner gas cooktop and a single wall oven, both work perfectly, call/text if you're interested 619-840-1144
" For the purposes of this essay, we will refer to him as Carl."
She loves those middle cheddar gerber puffs.
Mexican cartel dumped 49 headless body's on the side of the road in Mexico. Wow.
Like my man says once u go black u never go back,, boy is my nigg right..
Most Churchgoers are "Blind Followers" Never even read the bible before.
I just dissed a shrimp etouffee recipe on Foodista.com. Should I feel ashamed? It called for CORN!!
Thank you for opening my eyes
I'd like to welcome my boy to the twitter community. R-O-C-K in the USA.
Oh, so you do still exist. Hi. I miss having you in my life.
LOVE YOU BRYANA.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 24
Celebrated International Women's Day by moving in with my gay bestie and doing all my own renovations. Yay 2012!
Urban Garden Notes: I am so thankful for the soaking rain last night & this morning in south Gwinnett.
My heart bleeds for huge publishers who can't afford to update their blacklists to new formats
Homework gives me so much fucking stress
Let's do it!!! Call me when you get into town...
I wanna b the girl who makes u happy after uve cried I wanna b the one u hold when ur cold I wanna b the things that gets you up every day
There IS a noticeable yellow dot in lower right corner of display. Also, it appears to lose signal strength when held.
just twitter & google+ for me now, deactivated my facebook account again and plan to probably keep it that way for awhile..
Really not sure what to make of the nutty Seattle snow predictions. Will it really happen & cripple the city? I have lots of wine in case...
Pretty good! How about you??
<U+270C> Pass it on.
Haha the Rays walk Josh and Adrian comes up and hits a 3 run homer!! #Karma!!
I am right now buying 50's StreetKing drink and I just liked the SK Facebook page! do the same thing to help 50cent feed 1 billion children
Hi girls! The woman I'm meeting has not shown up, can I join yr group 2day? 610.513.7032
RT : Peyton manning, gone. Not surprised but it's kinda sad. He built lucas oil stadium and has done so much for the indy!
why are you always hating on ja man i mean albums don't really matter no more if a bad album like C4 sells over 970k in the first w
RT : Delicious, tender Roasted Beef in Sauerbraten Dinner, spectacular horseradish potato cake; then...Apple Strudel!
Curious... All of you ditching Ning, where are you migrating your social networks?
hope to get some cycling in tomorrow
catching fire is my bible
Nice meeting you, ! Your perspective on auto and tablet markets influencing each other was interesting. Great panel!
it's mad crazy in here this week. we've got 2 sites launching plus in the morning + in afternoon. insanity bounds :)
Saturday night in... Which means reading and watching Friends.
Could Nene be a Net within the next month? Him and Brook Lopez would become a nice front court combo! I do not like Tyson Chandler as much!
“: in LA's defense, the thunder played a perfect game. that wont happen again” thats what she said lol
He tells me to believe in jesus/And steals the money from my hand/Some say he was a good man/But lord I think he sinned--POISON
Still, and always, looking for beats! Send what you got to All kinds accepted!
...and maybe even hold your hand...just for a little
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
Supplication by Russian River is on its way to !
If #Weed got u runnin ya mouth, u better blow dat shit out!!
Amen. RT I don't care what his stats are, I just can't draft in #FantasyBaseball. I refuse to do it.
no doubt for a fraction they must've rejected in past from yahoo, amazon and others
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline @ John Nolen. Ramp to John Nolen closed. The EB Beltline may be closed, too. Avoid Area.
Recording some new stuff w/
Fantastic performances tonight!! Tune in tomorrow night for more massive music steamed LIVE!!! Peace out!
that was the doing of previous ownership. We're more than making up for it with fall 12.
I just put horseradish on my salad..I eat the weirdest food combinations... (:
Thanks Kelly for fighting the good "no bikes on red" fight. Gives me hope. A little.
First game of a doubleheader against the Rangers. Don't lose by 27 this time, please.
I wish you luck in the Amazon Breakthrough award. I wil enter next year when my book is done.
babygirl have you moved?! Can I see you!?
Is anyone else's gmail loading extremely slow?
RT : well it looks like i'm gonna get to keep my yearly coachella tradition going by not going!
I voted.
#ILove Just hanging out with friends!
Congratulations to all those who did the Brooklyn Half Marathon today.
Congrats to Jered Weaver for capping off a great sports night with a no hitter!!!
Maclin had a silly week
So hair did vegas u aint ready its goin dwn
What good choices are you making this weekend?? Choices are endless,, BE CHOOSEY!!!
javier won the voice hell yeah
You're allowed to have an opinion, but if it involves Niall Horan being 'ugly' then you're wrong.
its past ur bedtime old man. Hit the hay!
wait who? I don't want a crazy night tonight and would prefer to not have to clear up....
Hope you enjoyed the game!
OK, so I didn't remember to register by last night. Can I still do so on Friday morning?
Lol RT : Overheard "do you have to be gay to have some?" "i hope they know we aren't together" "for ice cream we are"
"The Penguins are just 20 minutes away from golfing." from NBC Sports - Go Flyers !!
Thanks Lisa! I'm sure they'll be running highlights all day today whilst St. Louisans rejoice in the streets! :)
Even though the penguins didn't parade we still had a great albeit cold time. Kept warm by ducking in the aviary.
is "Loving your neighbor" calling them a "Slut"??? Would Jesus have done that? You make a mockery of Jesus and faith.
100 FOLLOWERS?!?!?!?!?! yall rock!!!!!! =D thank you SO much for following us & we'll keep posting vids & letting yall know whats going on!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU TO :)
you are a mean person. just saying
Man Hopefully Soon.. Just Kinda ReGroupin..Buildin
lol that's what u get
RT #TheWalkingDead. Don't like Andrea, but feel bad for her. Stuck with no help. Probably regrets those times she wished to be on her own.
Chipotle uses local fresh produce to be socially responsible but their customers only care that the burrito is big.
From Ridiculous Biz Lingo dictionary: "Bleeding-edge": more current than cutting-edge. Reserved 4 the most novel (hyped) technologies.
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, and they're the problem.
Making a legitimate effort to stay on the tweetwagon this time.
My band is playing HOUSE OF BLUES in downtown San Diego Friday March 4th at 9pm ..pre-sale Tickets will be available tomorrow for 5 Dollars!
Damn I miss miss my brother. Only the good die young. Rest easy.
I have a shocking confession to make to my professional library connections.
Hey #Syracuse, how about less offensive rebounds and more made baskets.
WELL DESERVED! Of course you are missed in Grenoble but can't wait to hear all the good news!
not sure how you found this dime but thank you thank you thank you. :-)
I'm home already -_- lol RT Good luck! ": Gotta take exams today. Wish me luck!"
Days. 12 days. Not minutes. Sorry folks!
#BOYFRIEND will be big! beliebers go hard :)
Good night everyone! Here comes another day without power! :'(
Looking forward to lots of #GreekUnity on Saturday....
I love Madison ~ Maricarmen
#reasonsThatImSingle females are more interested in my stock options & how much is in my IRA rather than my favorite color. It's blue.
putting plan together! Keep your files and be ready. Funding meeting collection!
Amazing campus Womans University w/ excellent welcome by President. To great partners w/ ! We hope to visit again soon.
you are ready to book?
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me for my birthday!
Her daughter, 7, autistic, wandered away and drowned—so Lauren Sackman, of Clovis, wants alerts out ASAP when a disabled child disappears.
Ok and now the sun's out. Wonder if this means a storm this afternoon will be a doozie.
Just drove past my ex's dad.... Awkward. He stared me down with the death glare....
watching bruins playoff highlights from last year to make myself feel better about things. works every time!
Happy High Five Tuesday!
seriously ACM's? A wedding... This is the dumbest show evah...
Some things in life just don't need to be told to everyone.....Keep it in the tri.
I am sleeping right now call me at 1230. This is an auto response. Please do not respond to this text. Thanks zee
Lucky By Jason Mraz !
DMV tomorrow. Fun times, *sarcasm
If Monday had a face I would punch it
lol sounds exciting. Bar graph knowledge will come in handy? At some point? perhaps?
Are you following any of our media sponsors? , , , , ,
yes, their fine.
“: mornging...had a ball lastnight #extra”>>>Yes Twin!! #GoodTimes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Man I cant fug wit a bitch wit low standard.......
Our Pastor's sermon Ambrose mentioned Factoryo'Sadness, at least the Browns gave you more material & fans if nothing else!
thanks suggested a puppy party last week :)
The DWF office is closed today (10/10) in observance of Columbus Day. See you tomorrow!
I took a cold shower which helped. Hopefully it stays this way. I never get sick but one time a year
That they are probably right... :/
Good times tonight! Don't know how you manage to watch and tweet. Hope to see you in the dance.
What's happening??? Not a damn thing! Stop asking me what's happening twitter! Geez... lol
Respect. I'm Navy personally. Why Army?
Just because you made a rap does not make me wanna vote for you.
Interested in a FREE trail of #MyLivePD online coaching? Stop by booth #909 & ask how to get started!
Amber rose must got that good good made kanye go crazy n got wiz wanting to marry her thats wats up yo!
felicitaciones ganadora de Contest #WEPA! It was a pleasure meeting you at
I guess in the minority. I love my glossy mags. I prefer good content over fluff
Thank you for shoutouts Joe Dunham and all our great tweeters!
hi missed you<3
Are you a CS major with a passion for #opendata? Socrata has opened another summer software engineering internship.
I'm going to sleep,sweet dreams everyone.
back from Expo West - great trade show for the Nutritional industry
I'm so over the madness. How dare you Missouri?
My favorite first name on the Bookshop door: Egmont. Favorite last name: Challenger. That's Egmont Arens and Christine Challenger.
On second thought what did happen last night
what up?
Your kids have waited all week for TODAY (Wednesday)! *Kids Eat Free* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! We'll see you here!
In the past 24 hours, about 60 DFW small business have followed me. Not complaining... but...
u know a lot of recruits say one reason why they come to Ky is because of the #BBN now if they truly mean that I don't know!
YES YOU DO.
Tempted to put weave in my head just until my hair finishes going through this ugly phase lol
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just ask me :)
give me a song? Wait lemme think
. I think about when i think about this. tap into why you're a librarian, why you choose to be here.
Thanks guys for the RT"s today, really appreciate it!
Accidentally breaking a shelf in the fridge and shattering a Worcestershire bottle is one way to spend an evening...
when #stiles punched i fell more in love with which i didnt think was possible. #crushin #teenwolf !!!
haha, i guess so. it's crazy...
Looking forward to Rack opening in Fremont next week.
Wanted: IT Recruiter, at least 4 years exp in tech recruiting. (in Philly). OST is growing. Again.
Hope Everyone has a Great Christmas. Look forward to lots of new clients and projects in the new year!!
Yo girl she like me!.
nah it's true. Professor says I can take It later though. Thank god for that!
Super busy with our setup but it's going really well. Can't wait to see Taleo10 in action!
hahah .... Yeah okay, in aure theres plenty of other people there that can make you happy
- He said he gon make me his... i told him he can try ! Uma have to let you read the messages ... ihts too much for twitter!
Dear human SUVs of #SXSW. Yes, it's raining. And crowded. Yet it's still possible to share the sidewalk.
how does it work economically? people donating to the trip? or actually selling blogs/podcasts/other media?
Might be a sleeve on the shooting arm RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband.
I think I have ADD
instant replay is not the answer... Umpire accountability is...
My Performance Went GREAT BTW
Rt if you love me haha even though we have never met
Roberto: look at the scoreboard! RT Sir Alex: Get off of my yard!
#IHate whip cream . it's the most disgusting this ever .
I'm sure we will, it's gonna be a huge party!!
Follow back?
You should be able to build up sleep reserves to draw on in the lean times. Like fat reserves for a famine.
That is priceless. OMG.
Laying down with you so close to me. It's hard to fight these feelings when it feels so hard to breathe. <3
I had an amazing morning! I really don't want to leave Daytona though :( I want to stay so bad :/
If this is what it would be like if we were married, I would be happily married. :).
It's Thursday Night Bluegrass night featuring Joe Overton & Friends (9:00). See you there!
Who's down for on Thursday?
OK, better answer: start > type "adjust commonly used mobility setting". Look for the Fn key lock.
#NathanFact he has the cutest cat ever.
Dear wack "artists": Quit making music already, your shit effen sucks.
I love my freinds. Their so fun!!!
Thank you to all of our new followers! See you at the #AfricanArtsInThePark Festival, Aug 11 & 12, Point State Park, Pittsburgh PA
Ok, everyone please pay attention - The switch will be turned "ON" on Saturday. Just watch - Heat in FIVE - Trust me -reg season means nada
exactly! ...wait
haha no guilt. Probably shouldn't spend the money anyway
It would have been entertainment
It's ON! How about this Wednesday?
If John Berry was really UMD's first choice for our commencement speaker, I can't help but feel like it was kind of forced/gimmicky.
I want my blue jersey.
Good Morrow To You & No Problem.. Enjoy thy day ...
#QBM11 Christmas music is officially synced and ready to go. One step closer....2 days to go!!!
Milverines don't hibernate!
Gonna be a good day - lunch with my dad then hitting the links at the LVCC with him and 2 of his friends - a good day indeed :)
wish I were in Pittsburgh right now!!!!!
Soon come
Exactly one more week until my 20th birthday<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
is Mia Talerico your real daughter or related to you? you two look so much alike :)
thanks man! Glad u checked us out! Help us spread the word n keep in touch dude!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 40
Glad to see there is still some "old" Little Italy left. Got panino at Alleva & building above had elderly lady leaning out to watch crowd.
Listening to Florence + Machine
I want to munch on brad pitts brain
THANK U HE IS A GREAT BABY
thee truth! RT: By changing nothing, nothing changes.
Heading to tonight with the DCi team for the Showstopper launch party. God I need a nap before then.
No doubt! Hope you all have a great time tonight.
: She proved never let anyone tell you, you can't do it or make it!
he be str8!
i believe... U just need to change ur expectation of what amazing looks like
I wish I was seeing you in August :'(
Sometimes you need something to brighten the often dull sheen of life. This thing is called alcohol.
Too many words are put together for the sake of a lie.
Going to pick up my laptop :) & hanging w my lover Danny
Finished up our video shoot for our new web site. :-)
Today's the day. 6 hours and counting!
Fat ass people come to peter pipers and im like stop you're already fat why eat pizza?
#Fact: I really do enjoy doing paperwork.
Japanese web site coming soon...SOH GOOD...
Your real nature is pure Consciousness. You can experience it by withdrawing your identification with the three material bodies.
The feeling is mutual! :) RT : so phsyced to be on Ur soundtrack!!... ;)
MT : poll- DC's bag bill -- 78% of businesses reported positive or no impact and 75% of residents using fewer bags.
10 more followers until 200 follow me i follow back
Don't ask me to follow you , I'll follow you if I WANT TO !!
Taxes, especially when fair & progressive, are a sound investment in our shared lives and future. Gripe about regressive taxes.
Great day blue skies!
I throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayoo, taste the rainbow
Michigan v UVA- check. I think that I have a ticket. Should we check with or or @???Monty?
Happy Easter to u, and your family!
Thats like.. My favorite song<3
I hate weekends. All I do is work.
it just won't be the same for my wife if she doesn't see him or a flyer of him with his shirt off
#KPOP Concert at #Google on May 21st!!! SO EXCITED~!!
I want some #pi!
Thanks for following us!
Happy leap day! Leap on over to SCC-Grand Avenue & you just might get a lil' "extra something"!
simple, but delish!
looking at your post what classes are you teaching
new song lighters remix
Never assume that someone loves you by their sweetness. Sometimes, you're just an option when they're bored.
I am going to root for Rangers and Mike Adams in the playoffs
3 classes for 20 dollars don't miss out Come take a class Now!
The least you could do is give me an explanation!!!!
Most people want to be rich, but only when its convenient.
Coke + yoga + Cubs + friends + smiling
Sound Shore Hospital once again, I bet the nurses are tired of seeing me by now
Q3. I log on to Facebook to check on people's statuses and on Twitter to find giveaways and news and fun stuff.
do you do any off-site fondue rentals? Wondering for the usual inquiries we seem to get.
hey could you follow me please you sang at my school and you were amazing:)
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Thank you Jesus for blessing us with much needed rain!
You should host a webinar to help people to understand the difference.
Hell yes its dana delany bitches :)
Open Tomorrow At 11am For All NCAA Games! Open St. Patrick's Day At 9:30am!
Haven't tried any of the products, but I did like the Gossip Girl card.
w Buckwheat The Jamez Anthony movement has begun Deija Jessica Quinton Storm(#teamStorm) #Beddroc in the building WHOOP!!
haha i feel like his 4th qtr project is gunna be a bigger whore then this one was
Congrats to my birth state. #Four Ohio
We're so excited to have you!
Can't wait for the game on Friday :) go VCU!
#bizforum Insightful and poetic :)
Great theatrical agent workshop with Howard Talent West and Susan Nathe & Assoc. Fun feedback and great info on each agency!
yo what up lets link up los angeles to london
Sometimes love comes around , and Knocks You Down ..
well it is a couple of generations but yes it's pretty big! I love those names..and I'll try to !(: I'll post pics all day!
manages to filter the hilarious from the funny and the vital from the viral
and we haven't even brought up Steve Winwood yet...
I feel like my best friend and his girlfriend just broke up...
Going to chillis if anyone wants to join. Celebrate
I promise you .. ask DGood and Brenae
Definitely. Having a background auto save in PS will be a lifesaver for people who don't always remember to save (like me lol)
Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry
I found a place I like (aside from this very moment when school as left out,fml) and there's 3 open networks. All are SLOW
I don't know how to take it when girls come on to strong, it throws me completely off. lol
I'm confused what ur tweeting me now. Is this what passes for writing over at Coltszilla? Stop talking about ur kids.
Ode to the many devices crafted to reach the light pull in the hallway.
Two words people. Dixie chicks!
you owe me one computer monitor...
Yeah! : Best waffles in Austin: Hands down.
RT : Wow. Thanks for your creativity #aam2012. Fabulous participation at our session today
School is so boring the teachers make u want to fall asleep
Do you 'heart' your hybrid car? Or have you found it not to be a good ROI? Discussion this morning.
Honest to God, downtown Sioux Falls, I just drove past a lady power-walking, handheld weights and all, with a parrot on her shoulder.
you're here!!! But you're already pregnant!
just thought i would let you know! Lol Cuz i know some LongLasters tht stalk ur page!
IT'S OFFICIAL: I'M A FEMINIST AND I'M ANGRY. SUCK IT UP OR I DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!
Sounds like your fav place.. Klotsche RT“: Judge judge judge. Tools tools tools. Cutoffs cutoffs cutoffs”
Cant wait to leave! So for once in my life a nigga can breath...
Iceland is so beautiful. You'll love it there. Eat lobster bisque at Saegreifinn. And spend a day at the Blue Lagoon. :)
Showing my sister the video diaries and she loves how funny is <3 :)
Busto in 21st, AQs no good vs A7s. He made a flush on the river.
sup homes
Feeling like bait in this fucking Cardenas.
I ALLWAYS wrap my banana (;
That kid was amazing. I love how it was just a tshirt, too. It's like asking if your socks are too wrinkled
Ain't No Mountain High Enough
well put! going to RT! Would you like to have a look at our prayer-app? It's here: www.birdofprayer.org
Does any student have a guitar they can bring to #DECALDA today?
Just took off my #Tebow jersey to put on my Bama jersey, Roll Tide!
#Vegas is ready....are you? There is no way to prepare for the nonsense that is about to occur
So hungry. OH MY GOD
late night talks where you confess everything >
Don't talk that way about Louis.
Security World: Cloud Daily News
Using #socialmedia to bring awareness around budget cuts for #LBGT youth in NY
i was literally copying/pasting this as i saw this come in. wayne coyne is a such a nice. this is saying something…
In 2007 there were over 1.9 million black owned businesses in the United States with average gross per business at about $72,000 per year.
#FOLLOWERS TELL YA #FOLLOWERS TO #FOLLOW ME
have a safe trip to NYC Cliff...Keep us updated on wats next!!
Well, if you're gonna sing 'Undone (The Sweater Song) - Weezer...it might as well be out of tune.
Yeah man it was new starting April 20th. That was the last hiatus for the show bro. All new episodes to the finale in May.
Got most of my Easter goodies for my family done :))
- Congrats Ariel!! Blessing to your wife,you and your new son!
RT #Taurus like weird, unique people/stuff
i better find u lol
We made it to El Paso, maybe half way more until tonights destination.
I'm not worried about the first half. Kansas is a second half team. Can Uk adjust to KU adjustments will be the key
The wait is over. Who's ready to hear all of our hard work?
It may not be official yet, but my relationship wiff my kitty is getting pretty serious.
KKTNY tonight can't wait!
#DidYouKnow – Krysia Zajonc ’12 is launching , an incubator for #sustainable #food and
Our Town Council mtg starts at 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria. Verizon Tower reps return, and Kath Rogers presents on CASE initiative.
Hey, singles and non-family couples, when you go to the grocery store, do you use a cart or a basket? A boring and non-scientific survey.
Dang ICED COFFEE done wired me again! I need to go to sleep!!!
im serious:)
awesome. Thank you!
Today some Journal making, bookmaking, and embelishing, this may take a few days!
I don't think there is anything more useless than the "Power Rankings", which is basically a slight twist on the actual standings.
thanks for The MMQB its just not Monday without it! Reading material during speech class:-)
you were probably like wtf? Yes ask
Getting ready for some exciting Q2 announcements. What would you like to see from New Home Feed?
downtown will probably be crazy today
finally carving pumpkins. :)
yep! Always something on this interstate :/
CANT WAIT 2 C U GUYS NEXT WEEKEND IN VEGAS AT THE "BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS"........!!!!!!!
Thanks Y'all!!!
absolutely love your profile pic.
Fish could've done that
Thanks for all of your help this year along with the rest of the Hawks PR team. Take care and Have a great summer!
Amazing shot!!! Thanks SO MUCH for being such an awesome fan, dancing in the front row & for singin every word!!! +VP
I WAS RIGHT!
You couldn't walk a mile off in my air forces if you from where I'm from gotta get it how you live
Wish I could lay out or sleep in today both sound amazzinggg
A very special thank you to all of our followers we reached 300!
not smoother than Ciroc
You don't need anything. You're fine by yourself. Maybe, if you take a break from twitter. you'll find who you really are.
1st time students able to work together cooperatively - no behaviors and/or meltdowns using ULS life skills activity
I speak Korean, though I'm not as fluent as my wife and mother-in-law. Would love a copy if you still have one.
Peace may cost as much as war, but it is a better buy.
Good morning. Technology can be a slow adventure. Keep the music going...
Broncos on a 2game slide need next week's game like a fat kid needs chocolate ...
Okay so I'm making a picnik college of Austin if u wanna be in it tweet me a picture ( ONLY) 29 ppl can (:
thanks so much! i figured it out, but this tool will be great for my personal account :)
1st time @ a silent dance party tonight. Group was rocking to trance, me to Mimoo's All I Want For Christmas Is You on loop. AWESOME
Drake should tell her how he really feels about that performance.
God is good God is good!
My god, it smells good out side!
put her business card in the bowl and actually won. Free Japanese lunch time!
Do I need to have the box for something to #return it at #Walmart ??? Inquiring minds need to know
lol *ben& u moment* did she think u were a fruit loop?:3
any chance you want to bring me and your textile binder for us to "look over" ?
Why doesnt the volume on my tv work?! And NO its not on mute
the CHK response appeared to be authored by Sarah Palin: blame the elite liberal media! Absolutely Pathetic,
I must tell Jesus all of my trials; I cannot bear these burdens alone; In my distress He kindly will help me...
Watching #BattlestarGalactica. Just finished episode 5 and still on the fence. What do you think? Stick it out?
Q1 Rise above office gossip. Be a peacekeeper and be friendly to staff at all levels.
Good Morning! Joe David is here and let the cooking begin! Keep your eye on the pictures of all the meals I make! I'm so excited!!! :)
Hope to see you here again soon, Robin! Have a great week!
Multiple accounts can be a problem. Do you make it mandatory? Does SM fall apart when it stops being social?
Where my #FilmgirlForce Girls at?
I am such a sucker for rockumentaries.
Next morning, so I presume u already had answers like Dropbox.
Loving u is so easy.
I honestly think they will. Best lineup from top to bottom I've seen in a while. Josh Hamilton aint playin' this season.
Ok Marlo- Let's NOT leave our bag in the sacristy at church-
In the money
Its <U+E21C><U+E21C>:<U+E21F><U+E21D> and I just came back a hour ago <U+E40D>
Trying to finalize 2 websites in next 2 days: Hispanic Entrepreneurs of Wisconsin and MilwaukeeBlackInfo. Go MAM5ive!
isn't it a bit early for that? Nah...
what'd she say?
Hit Sarah up! <U+263A>
Not a Pitino fan but tired of Izzo being comfortable in his skin.
24 S01E08: Bauer's daughter is still alive! She escapes every possible near death experience including an execution!
Visiting Thornhill FLA executive tonight in my capacity as #LPCO Central Region president
thanks for the tweet icon!
Tough loss for Had to lose sometime. Still the best thing going!
RIP Whitney Huston
Doing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
CL : ( i need his address to file a small court claim. did an intellius. moves around alot
1)Someone like you 2)Rolliong in the Deep 3)Set Fire to the Rain 4)Call me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen 5)Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye
Elk Bratwurst today! Try my new Blueberry, Chipotle n Garlic ketchup, and Red Onion, and Garlic Aioli
Check out and for coverage of the debacle in Oakland tonight as the retire Chris Mullin's number. Wow.
Just when they want u back some1 else will be glad they let u go give your love to those that want u in their life not the 1 that gave u up
Gonna take it again tonight with the podium tonight OTB 15 rounds
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you
can't yo. just can't
Gettin' my Daytona 500 on..Finally!;)-My boy Trev Rev sees the race and says 'Daddy-I wanna Go Fast(Our lil Ricky Bobby moment!;)..
I would like a follow back. I would be able to cross off "friends with snoop" from my bucket list.
I love the way you break down the game of basketball......very refreshing!
Hardest decision to make when packing for regionals; which teddy bear to bring.
Fav' Movie Coming On :)
Does this involve exchanging bicycles for tacos, and if so, where can I do this locally?
I have a deep appreciation for math jokes,
Hooray for being the new Art & Culture Editor for !
MAJOR outage again affecting majority of biz class customers in LC area. ETA 1-2hrs.
ALL Peeps are special Peeps. And oh so delicioso....
yea sure i will share both as soon as i can tomorrow !!! =)) but you have to make me something delicious ! lol jk
We could have really used Barron :(
hey love
#oprah lol Bobby..there's only 1 Oprah
thanks, Mikal. How goes things on your end?
Your phone service sucks look thanks love and miss you! RT I have to call u back lol but happy day of birth.
hello, can you please help #ArianaDidAmazing trend! Pls
Softball: Clackamas' Melissa Noble hits walk-off two-run single for 4-3 win over Canby in 9 innings on Cavs' senior day.
Haha wow! RT : What if air is poisonous, and it just takes 80 years to kill us?
Goji is good!
Cozy bed+fan+music=amazing night.
PICK ME FOR PHOTO PRINTS
same to you!
's Go Bears! Go Patriots!
just thought i'd randomly ask... how are ya kimmi? :D
Miss u old combination Taco Bell-KFC. RT : DC: where is good to eat quickish near Black Cat?
saw Rango yesterday. I dont think that is a kids movie, but thats just me...
and im praying for her. but they are making it sound really bad.
oh you party animal
If you're in the #Milwaukee area and you want to help with the #RonPaul campaign message me
Come in. Get lost.
Northern Ohio, keep on the lookout. EdCamp Cleveland planning is under way. We can't wait to head north for a day.
I don't believe in myself.
“: If you see someone without a smile, give 'em yours! :)” :)
There's too much focus on doing a lot, rather than doing a few things really well.
don't take it wrong, the new you is great, I just like pink better.
Baby steps, but that ain't bad.
I went from starving to completely stuffed....wehh. I feel like im gonna burst! :/
that was a.nice 6 hour nap
Had a chance to catch streaming little of the twitter conference #140conf at Syracuse University #140cuse - good content shared
Guess you'll be registering, then! Let me know if it's worth it...
I am so ready for the weekend. Already. Seriously. I foresee I pitcher (or 2) or margaritas with my name on it/them. Yep yep yep.
please explain.
these VMR wheels got me thinking
Yes sir buddy! We need to get AY and BY on Twitter! Imagine that. Ha ha.
who's watching the Golden Globes on NBC?
For every life that is taken one is given and to whom much is given much is expected. Love LIFE it's too precious to lose.
Groupon is a situationist spectacle enacting the absurdity of recursively alienated consumption and labor.
GO ED!!! SUPPORT G SHARP (KING OF OKLAHOMA), OKLAHOMA'S GREATEST URBAN ARTIST!!
#WhyIsSBKLIVE so live?
Happy to be with her! : ) she makes me realize that life is too amazing to waste. Happy to be back.
hey at least we were there, where was ur team that time of year ? Huh ?
Big week, house is getting painted, oh and my one and only child is leaving for college, no biggie!
Oh, its a game/application type of thingy...
send a video email to your new customer thanking them for their business!
fuck yes. It's gonna be epic
'Like' this post if you're amped for the weekend. Share it if you're celebrating with us.
In our national politics, I'd like to see less "our way or nothing" and more "E Pluribus Unum".
new image. preparing for version 3.0
fasho bro let me kno how its sounding when u get a chance
RT : 405 years ago today VA Co. explorers landed Jamestown to establish America’s first permanent English colony?” // wow!
Turn to You is just perfect.
Way to be Awesome! Love your interview with David Gaider!
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th. If you need a site designed email me for details.
Rose is already back. They're playing the Mavs right now and are WINNING!!! Bulls will take the East, I'm bettin' on it!!!
This is no time for jokes RT rome said he can beat you one round in sfxt!
As much as I want to agree with you, I'm pretty sure this would be their fourth chance.
The Mega Millions is the main event, but I think I will add high buy-in main event on the next series, per player request
Ah , you make traffic not suck so bad.
Best night i've had in alongg time. I love my friends
damn jay it will be kool nigga
marry Christmas bro.
Ha i remember when i couldn't wait to get to the high school.
got to play above board! Plus we know who are followers & active tweeps are! Cmon Son!
At what point does a muffin top become a whole muffin? Because what I just saw would make Betty Crocker retire.
I am this thunder and lighen got me scaredd
WAR ON CHRISTMAS. MT : "Jingle Bells" is a hot rod song, not a Christmas song. Its true progeny is "Little Deuce Coupe"
I hope you liked it cause she's so damn easy (:
owww , you don't care we says , beacuse it's a problem. everbody have a problem . now its normal uhh :/
Thanks for the follow!
#AskRomney Do you like big butts? Can you not lie? Can you other brothers not deny?
Cold sun in autumn is my favorite.
there you go.
i live in chicago. lol
#iconfess that sometime I chew people out while smiling at them in traffic.
i hope my girls have the stomach to educate those who don't understand how health insurance or the pill works
find what???
runn to your charger!!!!!(:
Beach town in ecuador, how does that sound?
Life is like playing cards .You gotta take the hand your dealt and make it a winner.
You'd better tell your story fast
#Goldrush needs a counter like #deadliestcatch. Hoffman Crew: 70 ounces, Dakota Boys: 67 ounces, Parker: 30.4 ounces
We will announce our 2 winners of our twitter contest for free conference passes to #MWUX12 at 11a ET, Monday. Are you ready?
Its hit or miss with me..
House cleaning, breakfast making, podcast listening
Hahahahahaha RT : OMG! SHE JUST THREW UP ON HER FRIEND!!! Ewww. Her friend is DEF sober now.
what to know if you lived in the Atl
Walking in a crazy ass storm with
you obviously dont listen if you still think it has to do with standards or even you
RT : I don't know why everyone keeps talking about how old Plummer is. He's Capt Von F'ing Trapp and he'll RIP YOUR NAZI FLAG...
Any rumors out there that Boras pulled a Gillooly on Victor Martinez? I'm just saying, that injury certainly helped Price
Today me and my sister were slapping our a** ;) anyone want to join
I'm on that old shit, running through my hood like a maniac/
Exactly. Trust in the man. It'll be all good in the end.
yes sir!!Go Spurs Go
please feel free to whack them 4 or 5 times for me, too!
Watching my favorite sponge!!!! <U+E057>
CC: COMMENTS SECTION RT THINKING OF TYPING ALL IN CAPS TODAY. TRYING IT OUT.
First thunderstorm of he year <3333
Have an amazing day!!
bitch I'm in the 212 with the 5th cocked nigga, it's the two one zoo. fuck you gon do?
yeah, definitely disappointing but it was a great game! Glad TCU has our backs. :)
I travel to Columbia June 9th to speak at a book club It is a lof of fun!
And of course PGA Championship
.yes he needs to. so says all of the other men in the world.
good point. NO idea, you should tell.
What is wrong with me??????? It's 7:55! smh
That 1 person who argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class..
#JamesTweet Shout out to a chance to finally have some at
"You keep your distance with a system of touch, and gentle persuasion."
they cannot bring you down if they tried. you already know why.
Suck what? A misplaced organ? Discombabulated soul.. May god have mercy on you :P
you're not going on younow any more or are you?
Just saying, you guys are incredible.
thnx for an informative presentation.
jealous! Work, pleasure or both?
I am embarrassed to be the same nationality as Palin, can't Alaska be it's own country?
Getting things going in the Madison at the inaugural Rise + Design with ! Get over here, designers!
My heart is racing so fast I don't like this feeling
Check out the cars that we have for sale and on display at the Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino at www.autocollections.com
Come to the MD Historical Society for a Victorian Christmas Open House while you are out and about for the Monument Lighting!
Fab. Design Tip: Lighting should be flexible. Dimming is a great way to control how much light that you want.
Fair enough. Hope we can make it work. Xoxo
My day has been so packed that I can barely keep my eyes open. But I'm not done until at least 10 p.m.
When Bill Pullman is trending avoid silly questions like 'Why is Bill Pullman trending?'
Other than that, things are pretty okay!
#Education Budget Crisis: Cut Today and Lose Tomorrow
YES! will be covering some Beastie Boys.
I think someone hacked 's Twitter acct.
you're my inspiration<U+2665> i made this account so i could support you ALOT more(: follow back&&make a dream come true?<U+2665>(:
Wish I could be at Wine & Dine this weekend - Roaring Dan is my FAVORITE GtLks spirit, especially since me name is Dan :)
No one is more truly helpless, more completely a victim, than he who can neither choose nor change nor escape his protectors.
... The feeling of knowing you have created something great that you can't wait to share with the masses = Priceless
If your gf/bf "needs space" and you give it, congratulations that will be the last thing you ever give before they're banging someone else.
LOL Meow-burp... taste like chicken!
You're welcome ;) & good to hear! ^^ But I've to go now so talk later! <U+2665>
lucky charm
Snap backs and and sperries
the sepalcure self-titled has been blowing my mind. really amazing work!
Bonfire social event with Beta Iota bros!! Thanks for hosting Bre!
Blue...Day 1...The Tunnel...
where can I send you some info about our startup?
He is forcefully recruiting little children into the LRA a.k. a the army that he created.
First bell, second bell.
RIP Shadow waddo my precious baby boy be at peace and w/o pain I love you... 3.12.03~1.10.10
If you voted for the first time today, so, how was it?
I was agreeing with your tweet, you harldeys know me and your giving me crap back of, i sent a tweet that's all!
Getting ready to go live again with Interim GM Chad Buchanan and Interim Head Coach Kaleb Canales on TBTV.
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. -- Muhammad Ali
i've heard, but cannot help being skeptical. perhaps a tasting is in order.
life is good! Thx 4 asking, Andrea. Music is keeping me busy-full speed ahead, no brakes!
Setting up for the fashion show tonight! So excited to be a part of such a great event
Follow my new guitar store
No...not yet Monday homie...waz good
Loving the sunshine! This weekend looks amazing in the 80's :) wish I could take the whole week off and go to the
#CGMD12 check out my friend in Iowa and #iste12 rock star
Mass Relevance is hiring a Director of Finance (SaaS experience required)
Congrats! : It's official Twitterverse! I will join #NCI as a Cancer Prevention Fellow next year! I'm so excited!
playing iterated prisoner dilemma with the ghosts of the the actors who played Darrin on "Bewitched". Dick York is in ghost jail forever.
Many thanks to my great guests on #99JAMZCommunityVoices this am.Time for breakfast now.I'm making homemade biscuits for Dad who's visiting.
Gonna Watch a scurry movie. <3 .
hey Tony, its a Monday what can I say
Theo yu cool af but I honestly wasn't talking about yu more shit on my mind right now than arguing with you
At Church thanking god for this day!
We are destroyed and recreated in every moment, so time-based emotions like guilt and resentment are held against persons who do not exist.
kicked off a plane for saggy pants? I wish I could have seen that (; haha
I fell out of bed and hit my face on the table. Close to temple, next to eye. There's a bone there and that hurts! Scrape & bump. Funny.
I saw where she said her birthday was in 16 days.
Data centers is what we do! New or remodel.
not this time!
go on my page and click on the profile from the stuff that i was retweeting from earlier today.
Yay! Can't wait for a sunny #PHX weekend witchu &
Thanks, Stacey! Such a fun print - will have to show you the rest of the room soon!
On Monday, I will set foot in a university classroom for the first time in 10 years. Excited to begin a new chapter in my academic career.
You almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important, that without them, you feel like nothing.
RIP DECKO WE ALL LOVE YOU
back on my tweet game mane!
Oh we are totally headed to MFR but boyfriend is veggie gluten free so there probs isnt much he can eat. :/
At #LookMumNoHands London bike/coffee shop drinking cold beer because it is astounding hot in London.
Thanks Brian. How have you been?
UH no you dont. Look at me. Now that's hideousness.
You shouldn't be the primary (or secondary OR EVEN tertiary) contact for this crap. I wish I could give you a raise!
I hate Rondo idk why but I just do
Chooch Ruiz thrown out at home, trying to score from FIRST on a wild pitch. Really
The best thing about beta-testing (other than beta-testing) is bragging about it. The worst thing, the inability to brag about it.
I think you know where you really want to go.
Today I learned those big mosquito-looking things are called "Crane Flies". And they don't eat mosquitoes
super sketchy, happens to me at the gas statioj all the time.
he def did not tell me or even tell me he had lunch there! But Hi back & I'll be in to have some good lunch grub! :)
Ran a great workshop tonight ! Might be doing all the readers' headshots!
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she still rocking Kinky Twists..
a call me
i'm around all afternoon. I'll be sweaty and gross for part of it as I'm about to rip out a tree stump w/ my shovel & bare hands
thanks, Blyth! hope you can make it out for this one or another, soon!
Dodgers win THE DODGERS WIN
Nothing better than adding some beautiful plants in your office... Freshens the air and makes you just feel happier!
Though if we're naming stupid shit after tragic historical figures now, that bodes well for my reggae/fusion band, The Dred Scott Decision.
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers. Give us a call at 916-509-0677
How is having nominees paired up oddly to cover older acts material likely to result in any musical magic? Celebrity karaoke is not art.
I have a master's degree and need a job ASAP.
Congrats to Jessica Obrien from Tampa! She just won $1,500 playing Beat The Buzzer!!
No matter what they say, NEVER change who you are .
Enjoyed "Borrachera/Margarita" by Little Joe Y La Familia on Pandora
I was just thinking my OB/GYN felt my cervix like 5 times yesterday I think she does that on purpose LOL
Gonna watch the Real @ Bayern Champions League First leg today??
Don't worry, it's here to stay! Thanks for stopping in :)
Possibly outsourced teachers, like virtual assistants. Community learning centers instead of schools.
I say yes.
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665>7
Wish I could- heading out to the premiere for a movie we're doing a TopSpin campaign for!
My pokes ain't no joke, my rhymes artichoke, I've got pokes for you, cause you is my folkz!
... female guidance of genital manual, and penile stimulation and coital positions designed to maximize pleasurable stimulation.
I love you Angel, you will be missed. D'': <\3
Sushi please!!
giving gratitude for the day as if it were the last....watching the stupid stuff fall away and clearly seeing what is real.
I appreciate the small things in life..
Good afternoon :-)
We are back from the Exhibition and back in the game. Please look at our other tweets for pics of our booth at Expo Transporte 2011.
Me too. I used to show horses there!
Rena's not going to school tomorrow again, so I get to come straight home after school!!! Woo!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
knows what's up! thanks!
what's your daily fitness routine? You inspire me every single day. Cannot wait for MDNA! xoxo
good job
It's so close I can taste it. Stay tuned!
Legacy Five was awesome last Saturday. We saw them at the Brandon Performing Arts Center. What a ministry! What a great bunch of guys!
I wonder how many TL's we've been spamming lately with all our tweets. Hehe.
Southern BBQ 2 out 3 days, nice! :)
You can't be in a relationship if your gonna hold a grudge, and you can't be in a grudge if you want to hold a relationship
the Mavs win was after midnight, and Rangers lost on what was technically that same day (a.k.a. the next night)
Excited about going on the Golden Gate Heights tour tomorrow!
Hi VSI, the conference actually concluded last week. Thanks for your interest, and stay tuned for our next event!
I shouldn't have said anything.
don't send negative personal messages to people - it pollutes the Twitter environment.
I think you 3 should come back to the race this year...we miss you!
Congratulations to our champion, So Yeon Ryu!!!
true - different focus is how one wins (or draws) in a debate - then we end up agreeing with both of them!
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow
The work week is so close to being over and our happy hour starts at 5. Stop in for a bite and cocktail to kick off the weekend.
Great talk by Jim Sellers (#OYA, formerly #DHS, #DHE, Governor's office) on guest opinions at #Oregon #Capital #PRSA meeting.
Good moring #Indy, it may be cold but at least we have #sunshine!
A3 No :) please share
u is kind, u is smart, u is not important.
I said it last year, I'll say it this year: Heat went to Finals because of Bosh. Heat now lost home court b/c they don't have Bosh.
Bill: What if students reflected on learning experiences in a way that was adaptive, integrative, and social?
congrats bud!
Love me or hate me I'm still amazing, so adore me or ignore me.
Great to see Sarah Jessica Parker at the #KentuckyDerby...on the track
What doesnt kill you makes u stronger everytime.
Thanks for sharing that great 140-character story! We're happy we played a small role in it.
Is the problem that you are trying to use a single airline alliance? With connections, seems doable on BA/AA.
Yes He will!
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
you speak italian? this doesn't sound spanish to me. lol
That is palpable tension right there...
Speed is crucial. IT guys that get my biz respond quickly, not 2-3 days later. Small projects +up over time. Lifetime value of customer.
he's the only coach that could get away with that too, given how this team is built.
A teenager is always too tired to hold a dishcloth, but never too tired to hold a phone.
Embrace Your Retirement! Start Planning The Retirement Of Your Dreams Today!
lets set up a skype interview - i am getting a recording software figured out than we will do it
he really needs to text me :b
Bro I'm about to have an aneurysm.... And you can just say Jordan admires Jelly Bean. He always has...
I may have edited some NYE pictures. If you don't like them I can give you the originals and you can go Fuk yur self #KThxBy :P
It's the last day of #TBRI. It has been an complete delight to train this group, and we wish you the best as you return to your practices.
I don't think I'll feel relief until I buy my 1st $4 water at the airport!!!!!
OK MARIA FERNANDA OK!!!! E
What did it take to get to that point?
I'm so sick of love songs, so sad & slow; so why can't I turn off the radio?
beat me to number 1
be back later got homework
Wet Bar tonight! Each option is just 3.95 until 7. Karaoke begins at 9:30!
#SYTTD marathon all day
<U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken <U+2714> I married Austin Mahone back in 2010, he just doesn't know it yet.<U+2665>
Everything is just better on a mac.
Life is not a spectacle or a feast; it is a predicament
Without love, what are we worth? Eighty-nine cents! Eighty-nine cents worth of chemicals walking around lonely.
Try our Secret dish: Curry Vegetable Fried Rice... Can't wait to see you! - Tom
Them #subway rasberry cheesecake cookies are fucking flame
Texas Rangers regular season game>womens bball national championship
Just sent two Shift Reset powerpoints to a colleague. Man that is smart. (And has cool kids.)
TOUCHDOWN!! GO PATS!!!!
If I ever meet a brony, I will be sure to geld them on your behalf.
Congrats on the promo. Look forward to seeing you on the field.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep,because reality is finally better than your dreams(=
"Ya'll Ready For This?" RT if u automatically think of Spurs games everytime u hear 2 Unlimited's "Get Ready For This"
my friend kelly thats on the windy city is the one in the bar when he said "I should've played more".this is pretty funny
oh you're right I didn't know squatting 315 22 times was bad? Fuckin fags
The day is good, and the sun hits the store just right... Setting displays is like creating art.
Low Hanging Wires download cards -- hit me up if you want one. Six new songs. They're free.
Wishing i was back on #BowmanField today ... maybe will just have to go to Clemson website and look at the webcams.
except when you don't cuz your whole team is clutch
Bizarre, i like that word, makes me feel like a rare wild animal or something... idk.
Seeing so many people here for the first time that I've spoken to on email for years. So cool.
Tell me... You're so into me.
Good morning people
hmm , can you help out here? Thanks!
i slept right throught the tornado sirens last night surprisingly. :)
#MKEAutoShow = I want a This time next year it will be mine, muahahah!
Keep It Simple Stupid...Clean your neck before passing..newb
$2 Tuesday!! come in and meet our newest family member Steph..
Open for biz.
Ill be your breath if you'll be mine; <3
Titan-Up
Fellow bicyclists: WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?! WAIT 'TIL THE LIGHT TURNS GREEN, GETTING TO YOUR DESTINATION A MINUTE LATER THAN YOU WOULD IS OK!
“: Man cannot live on bread alone. Now, fro-yo is a different story. #FroYo4Life” what about free bread? Frozen bread?
WE ARE "THIS TIME PANCAKE"
Send prefilled tweets to the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade for Wed. Nov 9th #Poker Action Plan
awww i hope you feel better! did you take any meds?
so if HOFs should be like R&R and go for pure "fame," then you admit Tebow is a NFL HOFer?! Ha!
Is there a better chip than cape cod
Thank you for loving #HartOfDixie <3 I'm a country artist, you can purchase my album #HereRightNow on ITunes:)
every soul is worth saveing
Reminder: 215 east and west access to I-15 south closed until 5am for girder work on Warm Springs Bridge.
prayers to you all.
I need some JSRF art on my walls. Time to search for the right artist to commission. Most likely someone in the UDON crew.
you heard the truth here first. Actually Kris Humphries is Mexican and Blake Griffith is Scottish.
Thanks! I appreciate that alot! ;)
Here! At the bar.
Can't wait for summer and to be reunited with the whole crew
Well John McCain just shit his pants
hah yeahh i had some where around 1,150! But NO. they unfollowed:(&& ill help you if you help me! & i will love you forever!:D
As you prepare for Valentine's Day, remember we have beautiful festive boxes full of our toffee! Stop by and see us on
its not much better as a freshman
Thanks for the follow. My first romance is Savannah Storm on Amazon. Its exciting. We live at a good time. Good luck.
how have you been?
By Special You Probably Mean Deformed :3 LMAO!
Belated Happy Birthday!
ready to get this fucking day over with. awful start to the week
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.4 US, $107.4 global... 165 screens in the US as of Sept. 25th.
favorite moment is when Russell disposes of a tv anchor and tells viewers "we will eat your children."
I love watching Around the Horn. I'm always for Woody Paige.
Visit on FB ~Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique Much love & Thx for the support!
Beauty and the beast is coming to theaters in 3D. An extra 8 bucks to have a talking clock and candle stick jump out at you.
I need to do something today or I'm not getting out of bed.
Juss cuz I was playin don't mean I was ratchet
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Teen parents are so cool
“: We call Harry "Hazza" because he hazza penis nose.”THIS.
It is one of life's great mysteries. lol
Fortunately Alicia Keys and Bonnie Rait did sing one of Etta's classics early in the show... I want Sunday kind of love
Eat This! #pdx #foodcarts one of the greats. The dude does crazy good combos w/ BBQ pork in wheat flatbread. Today? Grilled cheddar polenta
right back atcha
Hey, ! you watching the #widebate tomorrow?
"Who has it better the 49ers??? "
Shipping some art @ the post office
WE NEED TO RETHINK-RE-ENGINEER AND REDEPLOY OUR PLAN ABOUT OUR LIVES HERE AND NOW.
anyways i'm sleepy as ever and im at school on my off day tryna get this free money but idk
: I have to work, covering the Thanksgiving Day Parade here!
Super Tired!
Man only 9 mahomies rt my tweet of if they love and support
Had a good day with <3 he always makes me smile no matter what!!<3((:
A great idea is nothing without bringing it to fruition. via
Lets Go Kentucky!!!
wow! My beach is in Palm Beach Gardens, FL. I'm with my mom for the holiday season.
Is this a twitter-based drinking game?
true, and that was without Beal, but their defensive issues will prevent them from getting to NOLA. 97th in def efficiency.
on my way.
things have picked up!! we are officially in partnership with THE RIVERKINGS!!!!! Come ROCK with us!!!! www.radio-memphis.com
Does advertise with #rushlimbaugh or not?
looking forward ot meeting today and planning for the next round of prototypes. We had a good vox pop recording session yesterday.
lmaooo I did too & lolol yes yes it is, I totally froze when he asked me D:
": hell naw :-) can I put this on my kolumn" you don't have to ask...please put it on there!!!
#theluckyone..that's what Charlie thought he was until Dewey caught his ass in 1936..ya shoulda listened to me..
Just stop by to say HEY there.
Terry Richards and David Bergert on the floor at #ETA2012 #payments expo. Call 972.905.4447 to arrange a meeting.
<-- Great Launch Party!!!!
#Fail Sheraton who makes me pay for 1 bar of Wi-Fi service, I couldn't get anything accomplished! Panera's free Wi-fi to the rescue!
Happy Mothers Day to all them sweet mommas out thurr Bv), I just keep it #G like 93.5 ahha
Raise your hand if you slacked off yesterday and wrote NOT ONE WORD. *raises hand*
dan howler!! Fucking good one:)
what does that mean?
Is it so wrong to have a dream of living on the beach? I can't help it - after years in NYC, beach access is at a premium!
Just landed in ATL from a four-day shoot in Nassau, Bahamas - rough life
Thank you for the mention ! -Mark
LA: A place where "I was too hungover to move" is a perfectly acceptable reason to miss a social function. California is the promised land.
new song for 4.20 coming out in a few hours
pulled up in the monster truck
no problem don't forget to listen to us!
lol yeah your right
I've been told to behave. "Sigh"... Fine. Then for that we need the handcuffs.
Young Justice is such an amazing show! The writers did some serious research! I can't get enough
Are you coming to Florida for the #BELIEVETOUR ?
Congratulations !!! 4 the Broncos Ring Of Fame! #80 into the Hall Of Fame next! Thx for talking to Denver on :-)
"How much is an Eminem?" "50 cent." "What?That's Ludacris!"
RT You grow up the first day you have a real laugh at yourself. Ethel Barrymore
you're so dangerous!
DID YOU SEE #Beckham's Face!! I hate sitting on the side lines. You know he wished he was in...
#ohthanks ;) I didn't know you were into peach fuzz
Can't wait to see all the Best Of's in this month's issue!
If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff. - Jim Richardson
...watching our toddler before I go to work...
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more & become more, you are a leader. ~J. Q. Adams #LetsMove! via
Just had a #nerdswag drawing at #rhokmke. Gift certificates from and Fresh coffee and all-nighter
O interesting idea! That's not the announcement but we like the way you think!
Is it true Domino's moved back to Springfield, PA on 112 Baltimore Pike?
Clearly #RVA has more cougar dens than we were each aware of before this evening.
Its a great night with the buddies
then why don't you unfollow me ..?
"Let’s commit the perfect crime… I’ll steal your heart, and you steal mine."
So get to Flexing. or is it stepping? Flexing pays better.
tweet tweet tweet !
i think i want to go to school for cosmetology.
Holy sh*t... Wow. What a hit. Thought it was out for a second.
Ion believe n nor participate n hoe azz nigga social networking activities. FB thuggin, twitter tuffguys, social network sneak dissin, etc.
Is it the Wegmans omega-3 enhanced yogurt? They use some sort of fish oil in that I believe.
I'm wondering who has what it takes to be a LadyViven?! We are always looking! But please, we hire more than just a pretty face! Let's go!
mall bound here in a min
the patio is open but not quite finished. Renovations should be done soon. Thx for asking.
Hi! I need to sleep now so i will talk to you when im in Italy in 2 days! bye!
im starting to enjoy airbrushing :)
one comment stream per paragraph can be extremely limiting, ie for wider dialogue & cross pollination
sure you're sick of this question, but gut feeling: who do the Vikings take?
#PeopleLikeUs…UM…BITCH we is not alike
Hail All Hail Cornell!!! Great, great win! Win and advance! Good luck tomorrow night boys! #CornellBigRedMen'sHockey
you're welcome! We had a blast!!!!
RT : Dear God, Thank you for another day, i know you will Take care of all my needs today because u are my provider!
Easter at my house all family are welcome I cant wait I love cooking!
Lmfao yea!! Not much, u?
The kind of rainy day when you can get out and still take a walk.
Should the O's sign Manny? Does anyone even care?
Congrats My Love <3
my dad gets no fuckin wit .
Today I had Fried Oreos. It was everything I've ever wanted in my whole entire.
awesome. Break a leg, Michael!
Fingers are crossed for the whole family. Hector woke up with a sore throat today...
Take note T-Swift. That's how you kill a performance.
If you live in Mpls & you're a baseball fan, you should join us for AL Happy Hour tomorrow (3ish-6ish).
do you ever look at your life and just realize how lucky you are? I do everyday, I don't know why I just do
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
I like the idea, as a topic area though, it seems either too broad or too narrow though.
kidnapping is such a strong word. I prefer the term, surprised adoption.
What's up with all these dudes wearing costumes, while "fighting crime?"
Up Next: LA singer-songwriter Lisa Nemzo performing the book's theme song!
When u try to call a mf back they dnt answer
If you hustle all day and #hustle all night #Fridays are Monday's
Vint Cerf, #Google #GlobalINET Geneva recounts history of Net development as history of freedom to innovate/speak/connect
chloe rocked this whole episode :)
"Dissatisfaction is the symptom of ambition...it's the coal that fuels the fire ..." - Mad Men
so block me - that's YOUR problem. I speak the truth and you are living a lie
On my way to drunkness now fuck the bs! Haha
Is there any cultural or religious significance to 11:11:11 other than posting it to fb and twitter?
I'm still in the hunting process. I hope to find a place in East Nash.
ha, don't let it get to you. It's not worth the energy. You are a great person, and there are people that see and know that.
better than sounding like a faggot. HUBBY
IT'S GLEE TIME! :'D
Will do! Wish you could have joined us.
Decimate ur dreams until its unrecognizable: where it's bits, pieces & fragments. If u can still c it after that PURSUE till its REALITY!
Sometimes You Just Got Too Let Go , <3 #steadylearning #goodnight :)
Nice! Eu Tyche!
great si article, would've liked a mention from my 2009 SlamOnline piece, i was only national writer touting Lin
okay , idk who hacked me . ; studyin' for mahh make-up test ... ; i might take a nap - text me :DD
This the DRIVE Packers need a Pick or a stop Giant will try to run again.
whattaya say now, Newt freaks that wouldn't back their own kind, poor babies, awww your candidate didn't win, I won't forget u
Sorry twitter for neglecting you these days!
love that show. especially the older episodes. Grissom should come back!
all these study guides are messing with my head!
Micheal Jordan Quote
This is film week. Preparing film on slavery and desegregation for TCP timeline.
RT : The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
Tomorrow's big agenda item....making homemade donuts.
Its amazing how this issue has to even be enforced. What's going on in the world we live in?
I like rocket science too :)
2 The Indiscriminate Pedophiles are calm and charismatic They are more dangerous because they will try anything at the victim’s expense
Happy birthday I'm playing all pizza wave tonight
no I wont. Don't have the guts to ask for the money. I've been pricey lately.
thx for the fun screening of DARK SIDE OF OZ, had a blast and what a great turnout! We r excited for Saturday, tix just $30!
what's the difference between being a friend and following them?
It's the final game of the seaon today! Thank you to the men's basketball seniors A.J. Hardeman, Phillip McDonald and Drew Gordon! Go Lobos!
cappuccino recharge at Halcyon! Blues band at Blue Moon Bar was best entertainment of night so far. Kickass old man harmonica! Next...!
follow now. 8
Judith Jarvis Thompson comes up with some wild stuff
Hope my boy, Cory, starts feeling better soon. Sucks when he is sick. Love you, buddy!
There goes our 162-0 season!!!!
Look at you. Of course you're getting head. Haha
"If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn’t jump with them, I’d be at the bottom to catch them."
Oh but you MUST! I cant sleep because of maria.... its only fair
they won't include him though...we all know that lol
good luck prince
"...distracters in the system that divert 'teachers'..." I would tend to think "Administrator" would be a better word choice.
It is recommended that you stretch every morning when you get up. Stretching prepares the muscles and soft tissues for the day ahead.
Got the office phone number transferred to the new location - finally. So that number is working again, everyone
Kevin Kline and Meryl Streep will headline a one-night-only reading of Shakespeare 's "Romeo and Juliet" to celebrate the 50th Anniversar
Breakfast is served and ACG Capital Connection is about to get underway!
Billy Bud Lite
I see a flaw...but how can we bring cloud genecide to the entire cloud race? they just keep multiplying...
awww I missed you too! <3
103 cappers posted so far today with 2 NBA consensus and 1 NHL off a 2-1 Wed. and 5-2 week so far..back later
Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Must be magazine production time.
Buying a home in Houston, TX area? Ask me anything! TREC licensed inspector and framing expert at your service!
Both valid arguments. I wouldn't have to go through the hiring process, of getting a personal driver.
Dental appt. for all three kids like a juggling performance. All three in chairs now. Better them than me.
hope brunch was fab!
Hope your READY!! Its gonna be insane this Thursday inside Sevilla in Long Beach!! Bring a designated driver
Miami will never win a championship with this "Big 3". Not happening.
so whats Dave dressed up as this year? I'm on the front porch with a beer looking for him.
have your priorities straight.
How do I get in touch w/ #Forever21's corp. Marketing/Promotions Dept.?
let me know what you get inside your box when you get it!
I wish I had those lights where I could just clap and they came on!
I watched New Years Eve and all I could think was "coo rider" lol
my toms smell awful
A regular THE THEATRE BIZAARE Radio Show? I think that would R.U.L.E.
At the airport flying back to Denver.
Morning guys
If you're a skier, why aren't you here? RT : Powder day! 2 feet of new snow overnight
exactly. So many truly, ingenious artists/ceo's/leaders forged their own path, beat their own drum - ignoring the gossipers.
me and about to take over the world!
Who gives a flying fishstick if justin bieber and selena gomez are going out...jeeze....he can date whoever he wants....my gosh
yesterday an audition with me and a bunch of 40 yr olds. today an audition with me and 20 yr olds.
LOL. Thanks cousin dear for hurting me then not apologizing then making it worse by saying you want it to work and not trying to fix it.
Watch what you say to me...
10yrs ago today we lost the lovely lisa #lefteye lopez music has never been the same since we lost this great talent and never will be
Home in Minnesota. Glad my tweets about norovirus haven't put off my new followers.
RT this if you see this man<3
apologies. you missed a hell of a finish...but a win nonetheless!
Didn't like it? It was dull until the last 15 minutes. Then it hit all right notes. Especially the last shot.
Today I learned that I can add "Able to weave electrical wires through conduit pipes" to my resume.
Evening John, hope all is well tonight..
thanks brother, I was going to question your channel choice, but I admire your loyalty to the old guard #HERECOMESRALPHIE!
only if you give, give the first dance to me <3
thanks for the shout out. Nice funk vibe in the first block
Where can I find me some free coffee?
There's deff more than one A
what the fuck frankie. No one needed you to call and ruin the mood.
then thats the sigh. You want like a mellow song right?
Get the craigslist ad she knows what he looks like just not his name
sitting in CMH, flight before ours is heading to Newark!
You are an inspiration! There should be more people like you ladies out there! Was very moved by the whole event!!!!!!
The sun is my faithful companion on my travels.
I love that people tweet links to so many things...I love chatting, but I learn so much from sites shared. I don't think of it as spam.
Well, I didn't need Nasa to tell me that, I am right in the middle of it! The pollen told me personally! :/
Thanks a lot ; )
DPI's 2010 stats show that > 98% of WI public libraries help people find jobs: job searches, resumes & application submissions.
Twitter will take over Facebook within a year, you watch.....
Haha me too. But it won't be up until September. That's when I'm interviewing them. :)
New on DVD and Blu-Ray. Win Win, The Beaver, POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, TrollHunter, Henry's Crime + More!
Very happy Friday has finally rolled around. Hope you're ok too.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is only trending because people tweetin more about how they ain finna do it then the people who actually are lmao.
Happy birthday Mr. Lee! Your work has been, and still is, an #inspiration to us all
thanks for the shoutout
Me at school: Ill work on this at home. Me at home: Ill work on this at school.
Thanks to all organizers, facilitators, presenters & participants! #2012TCC was a great experience. Looking forward to 2013!
FUN FACT: Home Depot does not carry the bins they use to organize fasteners in Home Depot. To get one, I guess you have to Home Meta-Depot
how was it Adriely? Will you pass :)
The real reason you go! Lol! RT Zumba @ 24 Hour Fitness. Who doesn't like seeing those a$$e$ gyrate...including my own. LOL
Thanks so much Kat! <U+2665>
Envious of those with Google + So want it
Girls night soon!
I'm about to come though
Hi Cristi! Is there a way to update the price of an app on your site? Our Kids Crosswords app is now $0.99 (down from 2.99)
O, I need one for my HTC Android!
And you wonder why parents just sit their kids in front of the TV for entertainment? I SPENT $80 AT THE FUCKING MOVIES!
I hope he's alright! Sending good vibes & wishes.
I'm on it, thanks for the link.
New year new work comming soon. W.yourworldphotos.com
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday!
Just realized there's actually a lot of movies coming out this September that I want to see - usually it's a pretty barren month.
how bout I bring you some cheap tissue for them fake tears coming down your face
Thank you Cecelia. Have a good night, and a wonderful weekend.
Awesome looking Is it called a White Falcon bass?
Omar vizquel is still in the league? Damn
One more day of work thank you Lawrd
Great lineup of speakers!
Holy crap. I ended up liking the #50Shades trilogy way more than I thought I would. Hell, I like it more than
Sorry self I promised I wouldn't pimp you out...I lied...at Juice Plus Conference...17 fruits and veggies aka Body Dynamite! Email for info
RT : RT : Celebrate 7 days of BEER with $1 beer all week !!!
DAMN Kelly you couldn't have shared a bit of that marketing talent???
She was slick &shes happy she got away in court..who will see her the same old casey? no 1.Only god knows what happend
i hardly do anything on holidays now
What's with the Six Flags Tickets spam bots? Weird way to bait people.
Good time for u to retreat and logic knew you would run. Last, The FL law is a self-defense & self-protection law & not abt guns
#supportlocalmusic Live now, random music. join us. share
its great that IMS is getting into social media.
aww....i love my boo
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? #danshiko Boyfriend is PERFECT
It's dump day apparently.
Despite what happened, I found my primary hockey team to root for this year in the #Preds. Still proud of those boys. See y'all next year.
Thank you for your business
cant wait!!!
If my dreams came true, that would be kinda terrifying.
“: Coker granted release from #Iowa #Hawkeyes” fudge. Room for a big time recruit though! Immediate PT available.
Congratulations to coach Matthew Mitchell and the Lady Cats for their first SEC title since 1982.
Boston does suck
lalalllallal just singing waiting for you 2 go online....and for believe to come out!
Good Luck God Bless!
I'll look into it. Thanks.
Just saw that wrote the forward for the assassins encyclopedia! Totally need to get it now.
Headed for Los Angeles. Still #CaliforniaLove :)
Note to self: Three months' time in Chicago isn't enough time to get cocky ad think you know your way around town more accurately than gmaps
I need some shots shots shots shots...
3/4 of the band tweets. Follow Andy Brad & Geoff for live tweets from shows,rehearsals and studios!
RT : Break the problem down into its smallest bits and reassemble them into new pieces. Recap of Day 1
I went to I <3 radio , clicked on "todays biggest hits" and its playing Oops I Did it Again. I do not want to be back in high school!!!
So true :)
Now THAT is funny!!!
I just spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to erase monitor crud w Photoshop. Maybe #CS6 content aware takes that into consideration
Please follow me Khloe!! Its my biggest dream to be able to meet u and ur sisters please follow me!!!!!!
Take over your own mind. Stop letting people predict your future
...animal talk at this hour? (just leaves me wanting one!) a teeny #fish is all i'd hv room for in my apt...(or heart?) name ideas anyone?:)
I'm thinking libraries worldwide should by Elsevier and turn it into an #openaccess venue. I'm not even kiddin.
Raining in the PNW today. Did our summer get lost in NY again?
welcome to twitter. Behave yourself.
no beef it up and Fuego is ouuutttt
I wonder if would ever see my tweet? If he did that would be
sunday tomorrow i'm out
Just finished reading "It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life " by Lance Armstrong - I laughed, I cried - Lance is an inspiration!
Hey I'm Your Biggest Fan I Know Every Thing About You Please Tweet Me Back Pleases And Thanks :D
If you wake me up, do it cautiously. I swear if you just flick the lights on I'll smother you with a pillow
I am sunburnt in early march??!!!
Thanks! We're excited to be working on our new album too, so there's plenty more to come :)
RT : So excited to work with & the Boston Pops hall this month! concert May 14th! Come c us!!
always do (;
I'm gonna cry!
because most people are stuck on Facebook or Tumblr.
Seriously Rita, 2009 taxes, I've sent these documents four times, both me and my accountant, this is getting out of hand bruh
Hello to you!
2PM this Friday, join the FFL for the Award Winning Movie Series and watch George Clooney in The Descendants!
.. and goodmorning back to you sir!! :-)
Um I think that song was too big for Miss Tennessee.
Well there goes chase minnifield to the skins!!! bo\!!!!
Flagstaff Business News welcomes new advertising partners Avenues Of The World, Pure Elegance, Aveda-Red 115 and Simply Delicious
booster in the hotel appears correct. They were worried about lawsuits.
Why is it always late at night when I'm so damn hungry?
Wheres the tech house love?
Have you heard, it's #FREE Calzone Day at DP Dough at 1259 N High St, 4-8p! [pick-up only]
Wanna go to the toby keith concert?
Wow a trespassing tix is all the lady got? She needs help, badly.
Sweet! What part?
um ty how did u find this I searched within the site!!
I WANT IN!!
I mostly sing it because Murray makes me laugh.
hahah ya then u definately got sick from me! and i hope he doesnt get sick either! im startin to like him a lot more now! lol
I'm at the pinata sequence... you heard me
Sorry totally missed the boat on these. Hope you had fun!
i cant wait to pile up my materials from this semester, dump gas on them and light that shit on fire
RT : We wish our fans a happy new year, and a 2012 that is filled with enriching cultural experiences!
I laughed when I saw her report card no offense but whatever
yep I will call you at 2pm
This is for real mother hen! Check out www.justushens.com... Dog walkers beware! Chicken coop caretakers are on the rise! Cluckadoodledoo!
Me likey big time
" Dont Be Afraid To Face The World Against All Odds "
~ not at all. You could also try Woody Guthrie's rendition of "Jarama Valley"
d'aw, you're welcome! Been wanting to run into you for awhile (sigh. There's really no way to say that that's not creepy).
Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!
hello am William!
it was great meeting you as well! sorry for the late response (not a big twitter-er)
fight was gone in first half“: Gabbert's still fighting. Just connected on a 16yd score to Chastin West to make it 41-14. #TGIT”
Cos you're a fucking jerk. Go away and fuck your bitches fucker. Go and fucking go to he'll. And you're fucking not hot. Fucker
Each and every day, I like you more and more <3
#NO #RAIN #JUST #LOVE at this festival!
I don't care any more
Omg what did he say??
“: Nihki, a shadow of your own beauty and talent. Thank you for the mention!”<<< Awe your very welcome !!!
lmfao. if he actually said that, i'm genuinely scared for my life.
Given that I'm starting this late, should I pay the $35 to TurboTax to get all my info from last year automatically entered?
lol i will sacrifice and be the bottom
Can you review tonight's #SportingKC v #IMFC game in only 6 words?
Using a one-word place name for a frequently-mentioned location was a missed opportunity.
When I see a homeless guy holding out a cup I like to jog by, grab it, pour it over my head, then high five him and jog away.
Psalm 66:1 "Shout for joy to God, all the earth!" Praying to see this! May all the people of the earth be filled with joy.
Oh! I thought you said you were... My bad.
I got some really cute ankle boots at the thrift store for $2! Holla.
is it time for Howland to go. UCLA is supposed to equal up tempo, scoring offense.
Very blessed. Caught up w/ good friends/coaches & its been awhile to watch young fellas on the wood competing. Love the EYBL!
Congrats ! on the award and thanks again for the help last week.
Insider tip: Watch the Pops Fbook wall tomorrow! RT any giveaways or discounted tix for Wynonna!? a friend is dying to see her!
Very productive day, completed a very custom build of Apache 2.2.21 and rolled it out to our system test environments.
THAN-a fuckin comparision THEN-a point in fuckin time...get it right people lmao
he will start pandering to Latinos next. Watch a botched version of the DREAM act come up next. It's all a game to them.
keeping it pumped
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry. You don't know how lovely you are <3
These corporate Twitter accounts sure are interested in my preference in vegetables.
Oh damn. This day is gonna be lame.
So much ink, so little time.
thanks for the RT !
Steve Blake is getting COOKED!!!
that sounds about right lol
Media Geek's Inception: Today used Quicktime to make a screencapture of how to use ScreenFlow screencapture app for a class I'm supporting
beanies > hats
Which sucks ass...
for those that are truely and honestly HELPING OUR COUNTRY I THANK YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE!!!!!! THANK YOU HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!!
...okay I'm sorry! Love you!
Friendship is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it, but only YOU can feel the true warmth.
thanks! At Long Run Resort and Spa haha. Playing the tips tho. It's packed!
Stupid ass project I have to do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Your bubble. What it says.. About baileey
RT : CHILLEN OUT WITH | Love chillin' w/ my peeps.
Because a noble lord was not allowed to conduct business with anyone considered beneath them, their Factor would be their go between.
I totally agree. Too bad there aren't enough who can deliver!
drinkin free booze thanks to mack wine haha! thank you jesse!
Homework is done. Chili has been consumed. Now, to photo-editing!
Okay done with both tests.. Went okay... Still failed.
Just great. Now I can't stop thinking about Thanks.
Not kidding I've caught five 13 year olds casually cruising around in cars today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
You don't die from a broken heart , you only wish you did .
To each their home, a place of effect. Thus sit conflicts. I suppose I accept being emotionally raw is humbling.
": If 2 people are happy together leave them alone <U+E047>"
is Taylor on here too? :-)
I may have to come this weekend now, I've been having some major cousins withdraws
Maybe you're influential at getting people not to skype.
They rejected my file. Boo. Wouldn't say why specifically, but it's odd because I used all their material and text that I made
We never caught religion. God caught us!! Always remember that!!!
Seniors: you think you wanna be out of high school, newsflash, its not ALL fun & games. Enjoy it while you can.
Maybe Sometimes You Gotta Make Sacrifices To Get Where You Are Going.
Absolutely right! Whatever happened to civility in this world?
Having a bomb ass day :) hope after school is even badded! >:D
Have a new show coming soon for motorheads. Follow
IT'S SO WARM OUTSIDE. Yay for Columbus Circle and Rollerbladers for entertainment!
Get smacked at 4 in the morning cause trust me im not afraid to smack a bitch or a nigga. Real talk.
: Glad you love the work and made it your profile photo!
Thanks to all fans for all the good wishes for the #SuperBowl tomorrow #allin fans are the best in the world!
Check it out Live!!! Watch Ultra 2012 on Youtube..Enjoy!!!! js
bout to leave em in a few
Thanks, but my wife told me "better not have any fun" as she shoved me out of the car at the airport.
Me too RT : God I fucken love Women.
goldfish baked snack crackers yea
Love evenings of good conversation and fun!
we sure are! I'm not downtown tonite, but I will be tomorrow. DM me and we can make a plan.
Good job with the crowdsourcing. Saw an awesome house today :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
a word of advice, turn the phone sideways when taking pics.
Who is calling these plays! Monkeys?
PickUpLine: Show me your pussy!
Downtown detour around Race for the Cure put me by Working Man's Friend. Was tempted to stop by for 8:45am double cheeseburger.
Idk but a Tweet from a computer looks way more cool than a tweet from your phone.. (when your typing)
J.K. Rowling Signs Deal For First Post-'Potter' Book
Hey Luv Can u do me a fave Follow > & Read The Tweets U will like them Guaranteed, <U+2665> ThankYou
We offer mobile marketing to businesses that's easy and inexpensive. Request our Media Kit today by sending us your email address. :) Thanks
What a night!!!! party was fantastic. I've never seen the rooftop that packed before. Way to rock it out, OKC.
NYC is buzzing with fans right now... jerseys everywhere!
tone it down
Where's Wallace??? #gobrowns!!
Attack Attack also sucks major dick!!!!!
Rafa!!! Finally since 2010 #Nadal takes care of business against Djokovic in the #Rolex Masters. Love the double fist pump return!
"He drank like a wildman. I remember him drinking aftershave once." - UFO guitar player Paul Chapman about AC/DC's Bon Scott
people are always gonna have their opinions of you, thats what makes success even greater
what's up 7 iron lol
Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A #Hufflepuff and I freaking love you <7 MAGICAL LOVE
Take note. RT : just banned "Everybody Loves Raymond" heds
Next special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa at 10:45 - best view is in the GROW ZONE of #Xerox stand in hall 8b
Call me I been calling
"A boy's best friend is his mother." ~Norman Bates
Can't blow it no dodgers
Wow! Anyone else in LA watching this insanely gorgeous sunset??
Night 3veryone.. body step at the gym has my calfs hurting /:, at least I got to swim some laps & go in the steam room for funn :D
They'll never learn
ok once u put it in comic terms u have won me over lol
voting over tomorrow right
I'm bout whatever
Tennessee Williams is a bad ass play writer.
"Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
20 years dude? How about 5 years?
Oh dear Suarez...so, we wait for the first goal of the premier league
Is it weird that I went to Whole Foods to grab something for dinner but just bought a bunch of kombucha instead? It was a pretty good sale.
Instead of complaining about these reality shows how instead you just don't watch them. If enough people do that then they will go away
Going on date day with my lady. Movie in the afternoon then an early dinner. Not bad!
When 7am is your start time at work it trend to be a long day...
call 311 to report the miss and a service request will be created for you!
RT : All Kidding Aside Do GOP Voters Understand That GOP Want A Tiny Middle Class? That's Their Vision.
I do what I can...
I'm OK with it. Duke alum.
it's in Tucson az
First golf round of the year with !
Scott Simon confronts notion of "Total Preservation" in #saa11 keynote address
...Golden Ticket opened up the show! Hope it was fun. I couldn't end of making it sadly.
Your Face!
": Deleted his number : :" ha okay nessa
Is it wrong that after nearly four years of no health insurance, hearing the words "$15 co-pay" makes me feel like Rocky after Apollo Creed?
Success comes before work only in the dictionary
Thanks 2 supporters of ! We increased our on site fundraising, # survivors at event, Luminaria, & TRIPLED our pledge cards!
I have a clean apartment!
my sweetie :) <U+2665> what are ya doing? :)
#citytalk A3: Cities should sell quickly. Make money from taxes, not sell of property.
hate when i can't wear the shoes i want because its raining.
I wouldn't say that. It's not as terrible as I thought it would be though. Can't have another, however.
Which D? HOU v ATL, JAC v SD (opponent has Rivers), MIA v OAK. Which QB? Palmer @ MIA, Sanchez @ WAS (opponent has Holmes)
Wow. is playing Brass Monkey. I'm now crying.
Adriana Garcia Truth IS....... U never make the same mistake twice.......because the second time it was a CHOICE!! PLAIN & SIMPLE
#Brazilian #Acai (ah-sigh-ee) berry. #Rich in #antioxidants! Tiny berry sparks #obsession in health food world without signif lab testing.
Smoking with a Purpose! I'm gone be hittin the blunt like never before! Lol
Nothing warms up a cold, black, heartless soul like a steaming, orange, flavorful bowl of bnut squash soup.
I got people in my ear telling me they wouldn't hold you down the way I am #imonehellofawifey !!!
Hey Dolls. Make tonight a girls night. Go out to dinner with a friend, have a chat or even skype!!! Enjoy your female friends tonight.
Still on a high from my speech yesterday!
Night y'all!
me to get the part they were looking for. I know they wanted some of the actors and actress's in the movie to also go to ...
yes!!! Amazing place he's amazing you guys must come visit us!!!!
I wish they wouldn't sabotage karaoke mics.... I sound EXACTLY like Christina Aguilara in the car- but when it comes time to perform-nothing
Screw me being sick half of the break.
What's on tap for today? Fugazi and a venture into the great outdoors on this beautiful Easter Sunday. Holidays alone aren't that bad.
twice now=D
They played April 26, 1992 by #Sublime on #Uprising #LAriots :D
nobody wants to be good enough, you want to be the best. Having potential means you have the chance to be the best....
hey I was woundering if u could call me it's would be great my number is 585 3603176
Dancing with the Stars tonight!!!
idkk but i'm getting off for now . bbl tho
I had a concert tonight. How was it?
In so much pain at this moment oh wee
Yeah. When we glued the beer cans to Picketts car and tried to piss in them? I bought that car a week later for $400.
Me too. Im gon try to make it to grand session next year tho
had a blast at the game wish my #rockies would of won it was so close!
meeting with the girls for drinks now to start planning some fun
Get your coupon working... Keep money in your wallet and water out of your ipod
Yes you can. You can email the files in word/excel format and open them when you have a connection.
I don't care of Julian does go on ABDC with the Boyz. I do care if Vincent doesn't. He better go, or I'm going to cry. </3
a school w/ multi championships, winning tradition, fcs attendance leader cant get a fbs invite; and some of y'all talked relegation
huh, ur doing sweat pants and that ripped up t-shirt that you've had since you were in highs school again this year?!
your a star with a british accent:)
that's coming soon. Stay tuned.
I took a pic of the stage at my last promo thing, and then pretty much forgot I had a phone for the rest of the show! LOL.
Yep, completely ridiculous story. I'm not even sure how it qualifies as news.
I remember an executive i worked for in radio saying not to get too focused on smartphones since most people didn't have one.
Perfect! Thank You!
today is #ThTh thankful thursday! what are you thankful for? i'm thankful for my health, my job, my family, my friends.
So far so good, for your #Twincitiesheartwalk this Saturday. Rain should hold off until late afternoon! I'll be there!
Tell her I said hey!
omg. i'll do it. hope it all goes well.
Strictly for the weather, women and the weed. Sticky green! No seeds, bitch please...
Good Tuesday morning! Family Night starts is 5-8pm tonight. Be there or be Square. [ ]
TONIGHT!! ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB FUEGO!! FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO!! LINE STARTS AT 6PM!! DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!!
we love this already! We're already counting down the days till the soap box derby in Atlanta. Thank you RB for amazing ideas!
Orleans grapevine pear and soco butter.to die for
perennial is better than annually if I also am correct. Better convo for you last MVP for the Bucks
No food in the Studio means NO FOOD IN THE STUDIO... nothing you chew
This bus ride keeps showing me things I don't wanna see! I.e. the consequences of tanning...80 years later.
Thank you. Thank you. Spread the love. Download the album. We want to be your fave under underground group.
Theta Kappa chapter brought #WDA to U of Memphis for 11 years, starting April 27, 1985. Happy Founders Day ThK alumnae!
Why'd you block me?
I can't wait till I can take care of myself meaning financially . & I don't have to depend on no one . I just want my independence .
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have a gun, now get in the van.
Michelle Pfeiffer: What She Knows Now - Parade Magazine
Oh, Hootsuite, Y U make so many changes? Now I need to PIN my profile, grrrrr!
I think I just came to chicago to eat, so far I've eaten a chicago hotdog, jew town polish, chicago deep dish pizza. Now from some sleep
We'll be at anytime after 3:30 pm...
":"I talked to you ona computer in a hotel room"yes, that was just said to me.No, i'm not THAT girl lol #weirdmoments"
your welcome baby, anything for you <3
Nothing like brewing your own iced tea and putting orange slices in it! Yay! :)
how sleep deprivation affects communication, hbu
Its Hot Damn ! Goodnight
Coachella is like Christmas shopping—it keeps hitting the stores earlier and earlier each year: Coachella 2013 tickets go on sale May 17.
then it's your job to open up and let it be real no matter how scary it seems."
Gotta get ghost on em
Thank you!
RT : #DBC2012- Join the look for The Well Appointed House! We're Publisher ID K343643 and we give over 6%...
Thanks to for the follow!
"I like my men like I like my roses...long stemmed, cut, and by the dozen." Happy Valentine's Day
Whatever happens, I'm hoping I will become a better person for it. That was the whole idea about getting the cat anyway.
Who the hell is Kevin Kash? www.kevinkash.com
FU, Mike Smith...
same and you used to yell at me for that. :c
important announcements next week...stay tuned for great news and national actions !
Big thanks to and the lovely folks for announcing our single "Surf India" as their single of the week!
thanks for the mention!
Also, there are some very odd people in this world.
UGH SO AMAZING!! I knew i had heard that jaunt before just could not place it. the gorge would have the best antelope lol
Sudden, belated test anxiety. I'm going to fail this thing tomorrow. Oh god. Oh hell. Ah man.
#41997 your stunning! Harry for sure :P
Robin, we hope you don't find anything positive out of tonight! #It'sGettingOld
Heading to the gym (:
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 34
“: Hey did you ever take any pictures Monday? Just curious :)” no I didn't.
I should win a drug dealing contest
Haha. Thanks You Too
<U+266C>Where ever you are be noble, What ever you do, do well, Where ever you speak, speak kindly, Bring joy where ever you dwell. (Archie-Rose) <U+266C>
Let other people create your content
lol I can't deal with u, u know he told me
Is Single Ladies a classic?
follow me plzz
Get the difference between man and gentleman.
Favorite 4 homers in 1 game guy, Bob Horner.
do you have any to add to your set for our #CoreFusion #Yoga class ? Still riding that high!
hey thanks for the RT!
And his Piloswine was okay :')
And she's coming to New York in December. Inspirational...:)
I wonder if she thinks yall are a couple
That's good. You must be allergic to me. Lol.
cigarettes are fucking nasty.
Tomorrow's Ask the Closet Coach is about how to pick out shoes that best match a dress. What are your tips?
Check-in TODAY with Sporting Explore for chance to receive tax prep (up to $500) & tickets to a future game! Thanks to !
meow meow! Army of statue cats! Idea was born here.
No consistency in the rectangles that are part of presentation process or production like mobile devices, tablets, PPT slides
Real friends will watch you fall on your ass and help you back up again, others will just watch.
hey! I saw that.
Dearest Design Bloggers, If you love blogging about food so much, you should have 2 blogs then or pick a damn lane. XOXO, JB
but then he got me lost and I was in the worst mood ever
RT : Propensity to fundraise is different than propensity to give.
also let me know when ya have the shirts ready... i want one.
RT : RT : OMG!! I just seen the trailer for my part2 documentary!!! u are the BEST at what u do!!
If you are a person w/a disability in AZ looking for an ADH or you would like to be a provider please contact me .
Just read a wonderful recommendation on LinkedIn from an amazing hermana. Thank you for the kind words!
According to thecup.us, this is the first time they've made it out of the first round. Congrats to them!
Awesome! Make us look good!
you ready for tonight . Let's go !
Leave you? I'll never need to
sad thing is that I don't know who my friends are...
Can't wait! Hope ya'll will start hanging out with the blue blooded locals. We're a good time! #stayclassysavannah!
I saw you all over the Where Conf schedule. Looking forward to seeing you there. Will be around?
Good morning loves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
yeah u
Aww, thanks! You & Luis are awesome hosts! I can't wait to hear more of your startup series! Thanks so much for the interview!
you have millions of girls impatient to see the #BELIEVEalbumcover are u sure its a good idea to tease AGAIN?! ;)
Good leaders must first become good servants. ~Robert Greenleaf
Working on a 360
but stay tuned for more new pieces and if there is any in particular that you are interested in, we do ship !!! :)
#MyBiggestFearIs I won't give up on us. Even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love. I'm still looking up.
I got lost on the OT rules! Um, what? Both teams can posses the ball, except ???
yes we can make a rug with your face on it. Its possible
Love never fails, character never quits, and dreams do come true. — Pete Maravich
Bad news Internet, I'm not going to #PAXeast. Awesome news, I have a 4 day pass + preview night for #SDCC!!! I am so tickled.
wait what? Lol and everything is good man how bout you?
the duet. Then I can focus on our costumes
I would. Lol
Thanks so much for including my story in your Health and Fitness Weekly! Happy #FF to you!
thanks for your RT's! Tons of images coming from that same hike underway!
Good morning everyone!! Have a great one!
Nite-nite MBA. you will wear me out again tomorrow.
If the Goonies reference is what they're after, maybe they're signaling they'll sign Prince Fielder to do the Truffle Shuffle.
Happening LIVE: Hollande and Sarkozy in a presidential debate. Looks far more civilized than the American version the last few months. ha!
went trick or treating...so amazing aha...went to this seniors house that is freakin gorgeous..his mom answers, he walks across the (cont)
I feel like killing someone
Hello? Anyone wanna talk? I'm bored..
OK #TeamMuldoon #TweetPosse let's get a new campaign going to let know we want back as romantic hero Austin!
Yes. In a way that's almost self-editing.
Lovin the weather
DID YOU KNOW?! "Cows can have regional accents." YOU'RE WELCOME!
Gotta love this time of year , Christmas soon , <U+2665>
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please?? :]]
So fucken hot!
I'm terrible at this Twitter thing, I need to learn to update more.
"Date night with " is as sound an argument as we've heard in a long time.
YES! Officially cool. ;)
why not?
My family farm consists of green fuzz growing on plates that I leave in my room, so I'm pretty sure that's not a problem.
I'm ready for my bae to be here!
This is driving me crazy!
It's better to let a woman walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
But... but... <sputter> how do you know people like it? #musesocial #now_I'M_outofajob
B-e-a-utiful day in the 972! Might try and tan my alabastor skin....operative word being TRY :p
To the numerous couples I saw kissing in Whitehall: take it easy
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD followed by ZATHURA and WHIP IT. It's been a fun evening with great friends. Happy Birthday, !
I hear, ya man. It be one tough one to swallow.
Great to see friends at today, inspiring brainstorm on movement building and economic transformation...got my fix for the day
could you tweet me....? my birthday's in 2 weeks.
Definitely Steve Martin's Saturday Night Live's King Tut song!
Keep on!!
New recipe postings every day!! from hawaii! #hawaii #food #recipes #health #gluten free #best recipes #restaurants in hawaii
Getting ready to head out to the Four Hands Lounge on the Lake with !
Off to the gym this morning - wish me luck - I only went once last week because I had an out of town guest!
your awsome and funny
I NOW HAVE 1801 DIRECTS AND JUST WON 500 PEOPLE POINTS ON THE LOTTO
He conquers who endures.
but in a good way.
First off, what did you call me? And second, well, congrats! That get you anything? Extra power? Something?
Girls are annoying. Time to step my game up and become a basketball wife.
good luck with the rest of the drive! Just got home myself
Couch touring The Black Keys right now. Never imagined.
I would rather have a makeshift plywood door in my kitchen tonight than suffer my father's presence in this house a second more.
So seems there are some "mad cows" in California. Think they are mad because Romney said if he is pres, he will cut back on milk subsidies?
he refuses to open his eyes and see that I'm right on fronnt of him, please don't stay blind forever*
I'M HIRING ! : Web developer with super knowledge of PHP, MySQL and jQuery ! CVs @
The service in this class has its days
You no nothing about me , but my name is always in your mouth? Okay , you're cool now .
duh J..I kno
email sent!
Of course I got a car wash yesterday and now it's raining
Reinvent your biz w/ DVDs from entrepreneur mentor 's amazing event #SHINE2011! Sample VIDEO here:
If you can't handle the heat take your ass to Antarctica! Workflow
By the way, I see you. Now I know why you were speaking to Mr. Ryan in the Conseco Fieldhouse hallway. How soon you forget.
Did the NCAA look into this already?
Thanks for RTs !!
you're almost there!!
which day is good for you?
Call Me ASAP :) Its About Bayleighs Party .
those are bullshit, you should have saved your money.
...and they're still not gonna meet them! LOL (um, hello? I'm up here *lifts guy's chin up to my face*)
RT Thx to and - have a great weekend.
Re "Dark Shadows": Is there another movie based on a daytime soap opera?
How has Steve Jobs impacted your life?
Lovin the Grind Respecting the Game and Playing the team game... #Inner Fire is Burning
If you're a guy looking for the best suit you can get at a great price-point, check out
Florida, USA! :{D
I'm nervous. I don't know if I should eat more or walk around the house like a frantic loony. Maybe hum some Michael Jackson songs
Alright has a girlfriend... Dammit.... All the good ones are taken... :(
Oh how I love you, in the evenings. When we are sleeping. We are sleeping. Oh we are sleeping.
good thanks.
your sister can wear it (;
what are you doing up?
Just updated my MAT app! I love that I can access almost all of our LMS from my iPhone!
Wanna BET?? I LOVE Brett Remember?
Ah We're dying my hair pink! Just in time for Valentines Day!
Bitch if you died wouldn't buy you life.
RT : May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live. ~Irish Blessing -- Steve Keating CSE ()
thank you very much for answering my question. It's no wonder apple is not moving on it. Who do you think will be the first?
An I the only one who thinks Shanahan is on the ice when you see number 14 on Nyquist?
I didn't apply. Got one of the "pre-approved" notifications. snail mail spam.
Tiptoe past the flame war.
: How is the Treasurer elimination effort going? All of your politicking on twitter makes a good case for it!
good morning and a happy friday to all.check out my songs on www.reverbnation.com/samthompson
Impressed with attendance on potential snow day.
"Bunny, it's time for bed, go in your cage" Her response! She pulls my backpack off the chair and drags it on the ground . . . My Zelda one!
Great list of sports SMMs...self plug, can you add myself and from ?
For film bloggers going to Cannes, please watch Sergio Leone's restored masterpiece "Once Upon A Time In America."
Um, follows & i'd take what he tweets with a grain of (supply side) salt
Beautiful profile bio... Follow her.
Is Open for Lunch. No Cover. Great Food. And Sexy Entertainment I'll b thurr this weekend I hope I kick it
There's a law in #India requiring banks to let ppl including #women open accounts even if the deposit is very small.
Gamel has already been injured more times than prince ever did.
Thx For Trying To Help Me Make My Dream Come True For To Follow.But He Didn't Yet!Hope He Does:)
Second season starts June 14th. Welcome to the "Suits" club. Lol
Party Weekend ! Tonight Karaoke and Live Music! Tomorrow RED BULLS SOCCER pre and post game PARTY Come on down and Party UP!
Good idea.
I find it insanely frustrating that the term "radical feminism" has been so co-opted by bullshit anti-sex fake feminists.
My neck killing me right naw!
Really nice night @ Minute Maid. Too bad so few fans here.
Best way to put the US on a more productive path is stronger connections among generations engage the strengths at every age
Congrats on the Emmy, Mario! I always knew you would get one! This is just the first of many more!
Yeah Only If Yhu Wanna B Lol
- I just gave you a bunch of Klout love... <3
An extra hour in bed tomorrow ... The one I've been losing for over 6 months now - sweet :)
RT : Q3: How has the economy affected your biz & family's lifestyle?
HELLO LA, I WOULD LOVE TO SEND YOU A GIFT PACKAGE FROM MY COMPANY,THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCT LINE..313-522-2307
I say CHURCH
ok. Thank u
And I love your profile!
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
thank you so much! See you this week when Silverman premieres the Riley!
New albums sounds dope. Slappin that E Funk!
finish your portfolio yet? #procrastinator p.s. less than a month til graduation :)
I hate when your dominating in words with friends and someone pulls put a 100+ point word. I quickly quit that game
I'm single, but heyy. I getta flirt with all the other singles so who's complaining.? :)
Wise people do not abuse power! They honor and respect their unique position and serve others!
done:) follow me back :)
I would if you didn't call it "sci fi" :)
Fromage firming up nicely. Shout out to the pander pioneers in my life: mi madre and So AMPED!
what song was playing at the end of the recent episode when you and were in bed?
omg it was the best show ever
I'm so thankful to have the best boyfriend any girl could ever ask for. <U+2764>
they got Kyrie they can stop bitching now.
Ah, some days are gifts. Like today: a beach sunrise, coffee & a great book. Lovely.
I'll certainly be seeing it again, &for me to pay to see a movie 2x in theatres, high praise indeed. :)
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. – Gandhi
cool. Tough tunes and long blows. Bit that show was better than the first ... No cold sores this time!
mine was low calorie Irish beverage
J&B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi....
Q4 I think it gave V permission to think of romance not in the way her absent hubby provided. Create one.
Its difficult but worth the try
Cause I can love you more than this.
#thingsthatineed straight cash money. And a 12pack of Budwieser.
I'm here now
I really miss living in West LA... gotta get back there (this Diamond Bar/Walnut is boring! lol)
Thats sick bro buy me a a year of live :D
I'm not 12 years old anymore.
something tells me some of our presidents have done it...
Not surprised? RT : Theme3: The 'telecoms' or 'mobile carriers' are critical, yet surprisingly...absent?
#CourtReporters are essential to our judicial system and society
i'm at 2,500. tryin to get to 25,000 by end of day :) ha! RT Hit 10,000 Twitter followers today... Thanks everyone
I slipped and fell in cat vomit.
its kinda dumb don't u think? Lol
65 to 35 in less than 24 hours...Only in NWI! Glad Im not in WI or MN though! Keep the snow there por favor!
#orphans8 Laura Kissel and Susan Selig on stage now presenting the Helen Hill Award to Jo Dery and Jeanne Liotta
!!!!! RT “: Hope that bad boy u like rock bottom ur stupid ass.”
U was a guddah bitch now u jus anotha bitch
Was that first part about that goofy video you posted?? I laughed my ass off while watching it....
Since I'm not studying I should atleast get some rest for tomorrows final.
u were on X-Factor tonight. Lol
thanks! That looks tempting.
try closing one eye and squinting with the other.... maybe that'll help
All my previous relationships were a disappointment till I met u!!!!!!
Had McDonalds #frenchfries yesterday for the first time in a quite a while... forgot just how comforting they are.
Just a few of my favorite ladynerds
Summer Y U NO hurry.
"You're only as good as the last job u can peddle"- Al Jaffee, freelance illustrator, age 90.
what up bro!!!
Iloveyou is better than i love you bcuz there are no spaces for lies .
when is our next clan op?
I Suspect This Much Is Likely
I can't!!! There's 17 more days left.
May this new year all your dreams turn into reality and all your efforts into great achievements.
: Companies are not communities-->It's all about adaptation.
Did Daniels just say that Republicans have been the only ones to reform entitlements right after saying entitlements don't need reform?
so nice to meet you in NYC. Best of Luck with the rest of your tour.
Good productive day getting people to the polls . not much success with youngeer voters
I love you too babes have a GN:-)
Hi non
What I learned on my lunch break - I absolutely love tearing down wallpaper. I can't wait to go back tomorrow, its very therapeutic.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 4
what's mf?
“: I think this stripper has a tampon on.” lol
Worked w/2 #smallbiz companies lately who haven't done what/when they said they would. In a world of consumer options, this is shocking.
(Republican Independent)-Billionaire NYC Mayor Bloomberg and his military Police Use Military Tactics against U.S.Protesters Now Muslim too
continuation of prev email re: , "A bike plan? Prior to election? Fa realz?!?!?!"
I know that an amazing voice is coming to take the hearts of the ones who have memories!!!! God bless and one day will be with them!!!
Noooppe! Im out finally!(:
OMG you can follow me beautiful i love you<U+2665>
Shit seems so slow to me but atleast its moving period u know ...ita easy havin a manager and CEO in a diff area code but we gets it done
I really hope you see this I just wanted to let u no tht I think ur amazing and I love you! Nd anybody else that says oth ...
got that new apartment tho
Reporting back from small group breakouts
Fine. You win :)
I don't want a piece. I want the whole thing.
KG has done that 100s of times in his career on those kinds of plays and it's never called.
I didn't have time for twitter
(Via ) Only three more gorgeous days in NYC. Today's gonna be good... -Have fun! ...but not 2 much fun.
Thanks! It was fun! RT Nice photos of the new Farmer's Market !
Why do my ideas always sound better written on tiny scraps of paper?
Legalize it.
come and visit! Carnegie Mellon is only 15 min from Braddock - we could share ideas about our art mgmt programs
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.
Dear People Just Realizing How Hot Niall is, WHERE THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS HONESTLY?!
Thanks Leah, and #FF right back at ya! Just sent you an email.
so many cocks at the hen house
Rehearsals were smashing tonight these Pogue's tunes are comin along nicely..banjo an all..
Okay, it's not Friday, but you have to follow Mark and Carla . Zany!
“ “ A wise man once told me "Lying is a sign of fear of consequences, so tell me what you scared of bitch" smh””
sometimes... somedays... the days i forget my meds :)
right? Maybe you will get better. But with you.... That might be hard ;)
Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
#iMissYouWhen we was cool now u changed and forgot where u come from smh.
The sky to the north is still clear blue with a few wispy clouds. The the south, though, it's looking dark and grim. Storms coming...
Girls these days are so mean. I hate ones who bully people .
right... #jets SUCK !
Workflow talk--messy presentation for a messy topic. Not blaming speaker, but it's depressing trying 2 get a handle on it.
1/2 new grads are jobless or underemployed. It's gonna take more than interview prep to get them into jobs, it's a start...
Just spent 44 minutes trying to figure out how to tweet on new iphone 4.
Scarface. The Fix
Follow back?:D
It's so pretttyyyyy!
I think of two amazing singers having a meeting with a family. ;)
I went to school to become a wit, but only got half-way through
um, there was a moment when she was good?
"That's a big twinkie."
I always thought pussy tasted like Pennies. So, I gave it up.
Let's GO CAPS!!!
On beautiful spring days like these, cruise control is your friend. Also Hootie and the Blowfish.
I 'wish' way to much, why can't things just happen that I want to happen.
I feel your pain. Last weekend I downloaded a white noise app to my phone. I just can't block out noise.
Congrats on riding #RAGBRAI this year! And a good way to do some fundraising. Re: H - yes 100K, 150K and 200K options.
DNA Alden this level. Askin aligns axis
aww:/ what happened to her?
To tired
I am! So excited!
Im Outta Space...#ShootinStars!!
Mother's day is coming up this weekend! What do you have planned?
gotta expect less i think though. with White and Gordon, they're gonna do best to rotate them all
& . oh my, just gotta LOL at reporters thinking they are detectives sometimes.
Mama's rock!
#HappyEaster to you! Good seeing you at the show! RT:: i guess i will jump on the bandwagon...
And yet again she tweeted blank misgivings
my dad made pancakes and i don't even want to get out of my bed.....#losing lol
Got it. Sorry about that
Can you say SPEEDO? (JK, threw up in my own mouth as I wrote that)
Sure looked like you, David Reed.
I was thinking our Horror Fest in Oct.
thanks man I preciate it
Yo! Dude I'm freakin bored. It's 5:00am, and I'm getting ready for school. What are you doing?
thanks so much!
Men's tennis SBC Semifinal postponed to Saturday. No. 1 seed Pioneers will play No. 4 seed South Alabama at 1 p.m. MT.
working on the story, and dialogue for the game for autism. A playable update will be available soon! Hope you all had a great day!!
"It is the invisible trust that gives a leader the following they need to get things done."
we'll have a limited number of tickets available at the gate beginning at 2 pm
Henceforth, I shall play Barbara Streisand's "The Way We Were" while looking at the list of who unfollowed me, and sob uncontrollably.
You can now register with using your Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Yahoo credentials. Great job, team!
Watching Radio Rebel and I already LOVE IT <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> It mostly relates to me expect for the radio show
“: "Correction: Mrs. Styles-Geraghty" "Ok. Im down."”
have couple baby girl:-) love u too sweetie!
#modernfamily is the best show ever!
I love more than anything. Running the game together since 3rd Grade and always watching out for me.
Just met a 5 day/week Pact - mission accomplished! with
This is hilarious
“: Another #idea10 interview in the bag. Damn, I wanna work with the Gamestorming crew. Now: Vidya Drego and the future of UX.”
This is so hard on me. I'm trying my best to
Nice job Dr. Dimmock on explaining whole genome sequencing!
I was hoping #RedSox would be playing on Thursday- just didn't think it would be against the Orioles after midnight. Pap gets the loss.
I would love to hear you Tweet more! Your insight ROCKS!
go to drills
That has real promise RT “: That was sarcasm. Perhaps I should have added a hashtag. #sarcasm”
I Only Tell The #Truth .
#Free #hiphopdance class in #ATL tonight at #RyhthmaStudios @ 6pm with D-Ray! Come early to sign in!
I know what they ladies like need a man thats polite listens and takes advice i can be all three plus i can lay the pipe ;)
Why does the cane-pulling music sound like we're lost in a field of hay during WW2?
It's Monday, and you're busy. Let us clean up your week!
RT Sophomore from #gwu creates insane mobile pillbox app in two weekends. Nbd.
Support free information. Visit a library.
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
I haven't beaded for years and want to start again.
IBM Enables Clients and Business Partners to Quickly Embrace PureSystems
Yes, you are.
: I'm really pulling for your enjoyment.
everyone looking for update on #UHbsb for today follow he is engineering the game from the ESPN 1500 studios
i get to see you saturday! :D
What's your favorite post workout shake??
drupal gives you more flexiblity through the fields, panels, and views modules - killer stuff
oh god now thats you and ange.
what it do bro
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
it happened at a restaurant...only in Lima will you see that lol
Remembering a man who died to remind us that goodness trumps evil and that forgiveness and mercy is more powerful than sin.
Thanks for the RT You guys rock!
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships app deadline on 3/1! Tell your friends...
Huzzah! Looks like just tapped Sixpoint Apollo (LIMITED RELEASE)!
no she doesn't !
lmao Murphy Lee
Thanks, Mark! Got an early present in the form of an offer on my second book. Hope things are great in WA.
There's still hope! GO DAWGS!!
I believe there should be an open hunting season on anyone who says "The client decided to go in a different direction."
Chipotle was good
Come see The Mind Creatures Live this Thursday 10/20 at the Drunken Unicorn! ...get with it or get lost....
Id trade my hair to be a woman
I apologize, I don't recollect your name. xo
Want to win 2 tickets to the Super Bowl? Ipad? Check us out at www.playffnow.com
If you could change your body and be as tall or thin as you wanted, but had to get a whole new face, would you?
TONS of emails flying around to plan for #TeachingAmericanHistory 2012! DCPS #socialstudies teachers are in for a treat!
MITT ROMNEY will need PAUL KRUGMAN to help him END HIS DEPRESSION NOW when PAUL RYAN stabs him in the back. This is a NEVER ENDING STORY.
ESPN's Merrill Hodge believes the quarterback position is overrated. Um.. what?
get yourself tested for HIV. Call 1-800-232-4636 for test sites
“: My assistant is the best! Intelligent, creative & hard working...perfect fit for ”
Saw the del rey snl performances & am now not so sure
#SuperSaturday have a great day :)
Pick a Thursday in Feb or March. We'd love to have you back
Ok, well I called every hospital in orlando and he isnt there...
Give/get-off language uninviting. Time, talent, treasure w 50% of board that can make impact gift.
I'm great just been busy! How you doing :)
sounds like you need to get back in touch with nature! hah
just this week?
aw thank you darlin :)
I'll walk slow, take my hand, help me on my way.
hi, Amy. Thanks for following and hello from CA.
Smart Girl! Will adopt your strategy for Forum RT: You figured out my power plugs in the from of the room strategy!
“: The warm-up jackets, by the way, are the best feature. National titles listed on the back.” agreed
When I get back to the city, Balthazar breakfast?
Thank God is my Friday, I could use some R&R.
You should have had her next to a newspaper, like a hostage photos
Another beautiful day in detroit. *side eyes *
If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try different position.
im obsessed w/ Justins new song
Why is the truth so hard to find?
Do you have a Facebook Fan Page but, not sure if it's real.(:
Chris Wolf privacy panel: New EU regs would say comments I make about someone else are that person's property.
I put my all into my music... If u can understand that then ur on the right road to understanding me
#AskIL13 Would you support a negative flat income tax?
Then I wonder if what other people say, is true. I don't like mirrors. I get upset with my image. Because I won't be pretty or decent.
Hell yeah its cool! haha RT : has a cool ass wallpaper
waiting for to Pass her COC test!! :)
stop fooling around and finish it you fool!
#FF I think your birthday is coming up or something.
STOP. TAUNTING. RT : Hot cookies! Hot cookies! Get your hot Chocolate Cookies!
I am not tired at all right now.
Come join us March 7th Stanza for our networking event. Frank Traynor&Steve Leshinski will be speaking on the Sag-Aftra merger. Be there
I want to see that! Sounds amazing.
Follow DC High School Athletics - Statewide Athletics - We are on the Move!! DC Youth Rock!!
Ah home from school BORING though slept through All 7 classes
lol that sucks
Enjoying my new book , The Mantle Of Easter by Larry Christenson .. Where he breaks down the story of Easter and relate it to intercession.
Who are you talking to? O___o
I sure hope it will be my book, Clouds Across the Sun. Can't wait to hear from you. Ellen
over packing is better than under packing
wearing fake glasses so you can look hipster
Cop- " Anything you say will be held against you." Me- "HARRY ZAYN NIALL LOUIS AND LIAM!".
Just did! RT : Just met IRL today- what a great gal! Follow her... she is going places!!!
thanks, lady! it definitely feels super exciting!! :)
Love it! MT #leagueofsuperheroes RT Can I start a nonprofit with all these amazing young profs? ISNgen
Office closed Thursday & Friday. Getting ready for turkey, shopping & putting up the 'ole Christmas tree.
“: Harvey Updyke is gonna poison Alabama's kicker.” lololol
when I lived in Indiana, Penn NEVER got beat like that!
hahahahaha oh Roulan do we have a story for you
Stop by tonight for our Sip, Shop & Send from 6 pm to 8 pm
I wish I could be a tumblr girl, all gorgeous, perfect, and famous :/
Learning about Fiber to the Desktop.
start to get familiar with us. We ll be all over the city! New single and music video "Wild Style" coming very soon.
Glad you found the #energy efficiency tips helpful!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring
3 count em 3 NYU bands tonight at the beloved Bowery Poetry Club and and Peter Wise 10pm
Come down for fresh-made chile or cream of mushroom soup at Lotties.
You know how famous people don't have to handle their twitter accounts? How does someone get that job? "I'm a wicked good texter.."
Thanks for the shout out! RT Librarian new to Twitter --> Everyone follow
Finished another "Mardi Gras" edition of CUT-IT OUT RECYCLED T's..POP!
okay cool ill check you guys out
i remember when everyone could play that #Grinding beat. and you were the stuff if u could switch it up.
In Houston now. Working as Webmaster for the Harris County Department of Education. Seems I'm on a tour of major Texas cities. lol
Who is the dogs favourite comedian? Growlcho Marx!
Consolation update: Roll reversal after period 2. Score still tied at 0, but Mounds View outshot Grand Rapids/Greenway 16-3
Whats planned as far as any rehab or throwing program?
Dood I think thats my next purchase I keep hesitatin cuz the Tempest kind of has the same specs but w/6 voices & w/o as many buttons
the game is about to start !
Getting ready to work out “: my pleasure, thank you also.. I am good just up for my morning coffee with fruit toast and you?”
in other words - fuck diamond!
better late than never :-)
#RESPECT RT : yall got it .... put them boys to rest!
How do you compare a pimp, a preacher and a club owner?
I'm so new to instagram xD wow do I feel stupid.. Follow me<3 taralovesyoucx ..
thanks. Would love to ship it up your way, but less than a truckload refrigerated gets awful pricey.
Also, thanks to the flight attendant on 166 out of Nashville who led us in a rollicking spinoff of Proud Mary--made my day.
That's the ticket. RT : What an unproductive day #oops tomorrow I am living in the library
School of Rock @ 3 Kings Tavern,
": no problem! the color of your hair is rad too :D" My mom said it stands out
Parenthood finale tonight!!!!
Up early? Then catch Marty Bass on WJZ-TV 13 tomorrow at 6:45am, as he interviews Vincent de Paul and features Di Pasquale's
50% off at Marni. You don't even need to love Marni. You just need to like it okay. Or not hate it. I'm just sain.
thanks for wishing me a great day! you2!
Roger Sterling really didn't use the term "impactful," did he? Wasn't that term invented in, like, 2009?
Beware of the ides of March... :)
is everything good now?
Feeling deprived of the amount of Sun owed to you? Take a stand against unfair Sun distribution! Signature: ______
All this twitter talk of ribs has inspired me to smoke some pork spareribs. 6 hrs later I will find out if the inspiration was worth it
MARCO ANDRETTI FLYING IN A INDYCAR IN LONG BEACH AT THE TOYOTA GRAND PR...: via
why do you give up? It's all good!!! Lol
MAN: Holy crap! Look at your wall! ME: That's someone's Twitter page- a photo collage background. MAN: How do you keep track of all that?
Have a good night #TeamCarrie and #TeamLauren I love you all -Sandi <3
Transformers was pretty bad ass.
Oh Yeah! I'm following your Oak Creek and Menonomee Falls stores.
Audio, Video, Disco (Latin for I hear, I see, I learn)
well I have my fingers crossed for you!
Due probably to the power outages and storm on the East Coast, the Into the Light Walk website is temporarily down.
I would too. Hahaha RT “: "Honestly I want my wedding to be at least a hundred grand" ”
In reading and argue that NFL honors should apply to CFHOF, think the same applies to Scott Thomas' AF career
Happy New Year to everyone =) I won't be on later so I'm wishing now lol
Deep breath. Deep breath. Ready, set, go.
on the Bolt Bus back to NYC
New mission: acquire tickets from the Pabst box office
verse done son! Holler back
Or maybe, she's just in bitch mode.
Let me know. Interested.
Hey, I think you're
I feel a little bad bc he was so nice. But running people out is a tough business, gotta keep emtions out of it ;)
Hi bucket!! We r camping, last min trip w/ just our families, we hope to plan something w/ everyone in October!
u experience ur own courage.u rise 2 da occasion.u evn invite confrontation bcse thts wht is needed 2 resolve a situation.stay up and on top
shhhhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> *kisses your forehead*
RT We are training graduate students for TT positions that will not exist! #omla #MLA12 . This is most powerful msg of
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show. The more you deny your feelings the more they grow.
-.- you guys,it's not the truth;P
that just pmtfo
Maybe you should speak with him as a "brother" and discuss "compassion" to allow people to have rights
july 13-15 jacket is on sat. The 14th
i took a picture of myself and i looked like Josh Hutcherson's little sister...yeah i wish i was that attractive
Why nobody textin me?
#Browns here again at No. 22. This one is tricky....Let's throw out Kendall Wright or Doug Martin or surprise Brandon Weeden
that's way better than anything I'm doing right now...
Finally school is over :)
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13" & rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
and I only got 3 hours of sleep last night. Ugh. God bless us!
Ohare is a vegetarians nightmare
“: but don't the pain feel good”<<< YES!
#devilsadvocate from the journalist/museum consumer perspective :)
Malinowski: after Bassiouni report people asking when will it be implemented?
#20ThingsAboutMe I love
But gotta love #concernedmom remark aw sweet "mom" you are! =D Nite
good morning my beautiful future thank u for a wonderful night mwah xoxo have a blessed day
dev aint get on that that was rob
that looks like Terry.
now i just dm ya
I'm sorry please don't be mad.
*fangirls* RT : our friends at are dropping a little gem tomorrow... #hooliganstunein RT
tY Paul :) May your ride be bump free :)
some girls are so predictable
who did some thing to his twets r a little upset sounding...i kick yo a$$
RT : Charlotte area & surrounding area under Tornado Watch until 4 p.m.
Brittany PrettyPocahontas Moore & Travoris Ray'Kell Moore Tell Ya'lls momma i said Thank you for the Mac N Cheese!! It was Delish:D
He is awsome!!
My Mom used to let us listen to pretty much whatever we wanted. She'd never let me go see , though!
At work wit non to do buisness been slow for the last couple of days! // work 10-4:30pm.
Wow alright British girl came across the pond and nabbed the #grammy award for best song! Go
OMG i am so sorry. wtf! when did that happen???
they make money day in and day out and we have to support the post office.
Hey #confab12 - is in your presence as a volunteer and she is FANTASTIC. Seek her out, you won't be sorry! :)
okay; fair; I agree with you
I am still painting flowers for you.
Dempsey, Altidore, Bradley, Bocanegra, & Howard looked great! Klinnsman affirmed & I'm stoked to see history!
"Neither a borrower nor a lender be."
Felt like niggas was stuntin on me. Funny how I'm flyer than them all.
That awkward moment when you don't have anything to say..
Don't you love when people don't text you back at the most awkward times. Like hmm, maybe i shouldnt have said that? Haha
yep. I could do any half hour between 10:30-12:00 EST
We have seen these situations in the past, and it did not work out well for the student athlete. I hope it works out for Bazz.
Sausage run was the perfect cure for my hangover
bro I don't remember leaving
I remember.
you finished?! Don't tell me I'm starting today!
Focus now is on edu software - taking a collaborative approach to info gathering & purchasing that engages stakeholders & streamlines
thanks so much for following! :) xo
#ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat don't get on my nerves
White castle for dinner per dad's request<<<<
Oh wow! Nice.
:) thanks Sharon :) glad things are going Good! take care :)
anytime! I'm just a text away (:
that would be great
maybe ya won't maybe ya will but baby you're still bout as real as a three dolla bill
Does this happen to anyone else? People look up our phone number so they can call and ask for a different phone number.
Fascinating talk tonight by on history/motivation behind Facebook's open graph. Feels like the future of Facebook. Tx FB Seattle!
Tell me why we argue over the same things .
How come my hair always looks awesome when none is around to see it?
Jack White
I Cried When the holy spirt came down on me last night, God is so Good !
Attending:Russ Reid Missions Development and Leadership Conference
lmfao. Aw I gotta pay though? I can't get a discount?
Come on Stanford. Take advantage of that Ducks fumble. Gotta make this count.
Men shouldn't get mad when a woman argues with him, instead, he should worry when she stops.
spring training will be here before you know it!
I like future & 2 chains now :)
Welcome Fran! It's great having you!
phone + shower = this tweet ;) hopefully i dont drop it though D:
#1: #CRM is all about adoption. Data management is everyone's responsibility. Systems don't fail, ppl do. Must manage data process.
White meat or dark meat? ... What's dark meat? ... Oh Jess, how I love you!
ooh, sounds interesting! It seems reasonable that it could go either way, depending on reason for doing so.
Thanks for the RT and for following back :D
What do U say when U don't know what to say? Like I just don't know the fucking words...
Airborne & out.
follow me
me & Tupac playing speed . who got winners ? LMFAO ! <U+2665>
His voice rippled the shadows. He was astonished to hear how bright he sounded, syllables like sparks.
You too. An important debate for all, probably off twitter sometime.
Stop sending me porno's of elephants...
your "messages"
LOL! Only you. RT : Why do cereals have such sexually suggestive names? Frosties..Honey Smacks..Crunchy Nut..Coco Puffs...?
Bored af , ain't nothing to do , if you want the number ask
Have you found a solution for your #Cloud needs? Check out our sponsors here, at the #CloudFairSeattle Expo Reception, and I bet you will!
I can imagine. Saw Mets v. Phillies @ Shea once. I was scared by the fans on both sides! Much different than CA games.
Enjoying our first iced coffee of the season!
At with and for the game. Let's go Caps!!!
loved seeing them beat Marquette. Coming from a #cuse fan living in Wisconsin!
r33c3: Writing up a report on the "Diversity in Leadership: Gen X -- The Changing Paradigm" session. Anyone have notes they want to shar ...
To be mature and wise, you have to be young and stupid.
yeah prob i almost missed it
We're teaching Fake ID & Outlaw tonight at 8:15! Join us on the dance floor & learn some new moves! ;)
Follow my viddy guys just started one :D MsVioletMarie
job on Chuck T show,good luck from one of those out-of-staters-Interested in your race,state and career
it's probably a book published by Penguin.
Pretty shitty out
They are the gifts of the most high God, who ...
RT : Luc to Manny: "You're terrible. Stop being terrible."
And when I look down I just see The Real Dick. RT When I look down I just see BOOBS :-)
Discernment is not about feelings or emotions. It's about being sensitive to what God is trying to impart to you.
Im late....lol
Have I ever introduced you two? You have many interests in common, & I suspect you might collab on insulin data stuff.
in the lab workin on hits and gettin ready for the biggest ungerground birthday bash ever Room
Where do you find the time to write? Can you squeeze a few words out at work, do you write when the spirit moves you or do you set word per…
Hands down this is the lamest #BGC ever. These weak ass females.
Harriet Fulbright College is busy preparing a new selection of classes to be offered beginning this Fall..coming soon
Sorry, kids, just can't get into Harry Potter mania. Also, wish I had a nectarine.
Any recs for gurus who can teach how to post pictures on Twitter?
Taking advantage of the groupon deal at Tackle Box. Psyched for the crabcake sandwich!
Keep your thoughts on good things and they will find their way to you...really :>
Im bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Wendy Stephens is speaking on E-books at the building level
..and for those of you who don't know, my favorite movie is now The Proposal...and I WILL marry a guy like Ryan Reynolds lol ;-)
I just saw a dog dead on the road. I might need therapy.
Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve.” Roger Lewin
Let's make some magic this weekend.
I love it when Jimmy Rollins does that !!!
When your boobs hurt while you're working out. #bigboobprobs need to wear two sports bras.
S/O to my 100th follower yo!!
He has a right to an opinion like everyone else, particularly since he played the game.
Telling myself to persevere all this just my babe
You know someone got fuckef up when they fly the helicopter in.
hey u had a busy day huh? Appreciate u takin a min to say hi. How u doing now?
lets go to prison-walking dead edition
Glad to hear that . . . RT not too bad. hahah!
Just Announced: this Friday at Redamte Coffee House! Come check out Madison's newest coffeehouse w/ great music, food, & drinks!
you know im kidding
COME BACK!
Uhhhohhh, does someone want to tussle with J-Cob here..? :o hahahhaha
Why did I spend 2 hours looking at iphone cases?
Headed to chitown to see our guy
thanks for coming! Did you get any cheese curds?
Is safe strap supposed to run? It crashes when I try to start it... Does it need root?
Sleepying vs. Studying.... Hm, decisions decisions
LOL!!! But of course
Could be. Not going to respond to it, regardless.
Bot 9: King 2, Churchill 2. King starting P Justin Sanchez allows bad-hop single to start inning then strikes out the side.
man that would be Fing nice. Killa thats the winner tonight. Jump on the bandwagon.
its been a good day .
...and a lovely song they sing!
Peter Chang. Really good.
Wow Nikki, knock much?~
Just wait till you graduate - then they REALLY come after you. They think you have money then.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you mess up my nails after I just finished painting them!
I had G talk for like a second then removed it from my phone, wasn't interested, hehe
It's called a laptop.
CITY BENEATH THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE; Mt. Shasta, CA; the Ashtar Command; fairies; bigfoot; spontaneous human combustion;
me to! Blizzard
Sometimes I wish my brain had an off switch so I might actually get something accomplished...like I don't know maybe sleep!!
Meek mill voice irritating
HOLLAND = Hope Our Love Lasts And Never Dies
Anybody know why a KLM 747 was parked at today? Was that the honor flight or ???
Among the other esteemed panelists at this event is our Baltimore colleague Cathy Watson from
Chicken pox. Now I know parents must choose the vaccine to avoid going stir crazy with an itchy kid. Is it almost over? Homebound day 6.
Lets go GIANTS<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086> bring it home
Way too hot for Tennis.
Im folowing u and every one else in fuckin world with 5 fuckin followers
The more work i bang out the closer i get to California dreaming...
Kaizen: Kai (change) + Zen (good) = a system of continous improvement. What does that look like?
oat-flavored oatmeal! cc:
Ate a huge turkey burger.
Stay classy #Arizona football.
Can u all please please wish my friend a happy b-day please
Thanks so much for the kind words, Sandra! Hope you enjoy COVENANT!
it's the drum in 's we are young that makes the wrong song S/O to
“Think globally, act locally.”
from now on everything i do it got to be to da max
Anyone here like one direction?
Lets go Michigan
#TallyRelay4Life, let's get it trending!
Katie and I share musicians like little kids share toys.
CHIPOTLE is a madhouse. They literally don't have space for the line inside. And yes we all wait......and wait.
who you like in the fight tonight?
my dad did mine #notcomplaining maybe a new spoon? Can never get enough of those.
my tweeter fans have been asking about my book. i promise i'm still working on it - except i must add a chapter on starting a talent agency.
I want Sarah Palin and Christine O'Donnell to have their own talk show. We'll call it "Vapid and Vapider"
Story tellers for the 11/21 "We are Family: Stories about the Ties that Bind" include a woman whose brother is in prison. Tix
self-rejection
Why do I always let this happen?
Wow Borders filed Chapter 11... very interesting.
I like texting people who actually text real convos, and and not just "k, yup, yeah, k, I know, yeah, cool, lol.."
I got u. Maine u got all tht money and u want 10 dollar. But I got u wen I cum in.
claritan is your friend - feel better!!
U can b my baby girl !
...patton (1970) + quetin tarantino + cocaine + ego = inglorious bastards...
Looks like a fiddlin' cheerleader all that pompon hangin' from the bow. OMG I am going deaf.
UK AND MSU both #1 seeds!
Jimmy the Greeks OOB 1-4 5$ skating, rocking, art auction, food.TODAY! BE THERE
the Bm dont fuck with me no more :-(
I'm very disappointed #WhiteSoxAllTheWay It's a good thing I'm not a hater otherwise we would have some serious issues<U+26BE>
I have tickets to watch a twilight exclusive interview in us. If anybody's interested feel free to TALK TO ME
Please follow my new account ===> I'am already following u.
I need more followerz
I missed soo much today. <3
Hope you got your Lichi by now. WE would love to hear from you on how you go with the products. Keep us posted & good luck!
u have some apps on ur site that r questionable. would u consider tightening ur criteria or will u curate all?
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth that it prevents you from achieving.
That was a joke. I haven't had an Internet connection in eight months. Finally signed up for Comcast.
i mean what other tee u going to send me? I was gettin the Red Prime shirt and the white and miltary blue TGIF shirt
Happy Friday everyone!
okay that's true. I would prefer that you aren't stressing at all but its unavoidable. Obv school should come first
You mean there's more than one guy out there doing this? Now that is the truly horrifying part.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can pull of a _________________ in #fashion?
Why isn't it Friday night right meow!? #partyswag <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I appreciate the support. For my next act, Cop & I will spend the afternoon cuddling & watching
I love you tons.Say to Mamma G that i wished her i happy mothers day.Shes Lovely.<3
When boys push you up against the wall and kiss you.
what I said was "Oh". what I was thinking was "bitch".
First week of work was great!
Duly noted good sir! Have had many requests for reserved seating. It won't be the very first thing, but hoping to get there!
When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour.
u should be at "In and Out" burger...and bring me one thanks lol :)
You might want to go online and maybe buy 's new comedy special. It cost $5 and it is kind of funny
Bring moss in to lock up #1 cb so wallace can meet the ball in the endzone, all day long!
“I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.”- Groucho Marx
The one with nothing to hide is always the one left standing tall.
People are always more important than numbers. Happy people make happy numbers...which make even more people happy.
Boston should start consulting with their financial advisers, because they aren't getting past Philly.
so much fun!! Ridiculous
i will be streaming later on today with the gas mask challenge please to come on by when I do go online thanks all
Jeremy needs to get over it. If the #Royals were actually doing something then he'd skip out on his show I'm sure.
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
The beginning to somebody that I used to know makes me want to dance in a drum circle!
Watching NEDS on #TFF online, reminds me of C.R.A.Z.Y., the first indie film I can remember seeing. In a good way.
According to our tipmaster, we've passed 218 tips in Q3! Stay tuned for our Q3 earnings -
I think my internet woes are finally over! ...for now
god, family and money!!!!!! lol
#NFL preparing to use replacement officials in 2012 if labor dispute continues ...
Where "We" Going this weekend :) Lol
Worlds of fun...
Please say you're getting a honey badger.
Many thanks for the RT's!
Didn't know this app posted all my concert schedules on twitter. Oh well, at least I have good taste in music.
I been waiting all day for you to call me baby <3
Its my birthdaay tomorrow.. Uhhm... Ive been trying to get a tweet since like 1912... Make my birthda wish come true? :)
Happy 100,000 miles to our Subaru Outback!! Cheers to many more!
You're the last person I should ever take advice from.
How's KC going? Would love for you guys to hook up w/ my KC friends and Jody. Awesome couple!
that used to be my FAVORITE!! they still sell the seasons on DVD
I can't wait to go to Seattle. I'm getting my ticket ASAP.
I gotta say Sanders is doing great on Dwight
thanks guys!! Right back atcha!
M, Piece. Want your logo circulating on keychains around the city? Then join us for launch. It's free. DM for more info!
One of my life goals is to create a sausage map of the world.
Don't forget your baby tomorrow
how the fuck DID I lose nearly 15 pages of script! I hate re-writing from memory
Provide an online evaluation survey at the start of your event to give attendees time.
what? i haven't watched the latest yet. now you have me worried. all walter is precious to me
Nick Knight!<33
Happy Easter! Hope everyone has a wonderful day! And be safe!
Congrats! That's so awesome!!
This is the game
What's your first piece of advice to someone moderately fit getting ready to expand their exercise regimen?
or it may just be one ref, not totally sure. The royals are in town next week. Not sure if you noticed...
haha thats good to here i digs the faithfulness lol but yes we suppose to Ms. Mona Lenci
we just finished loading up the car and about to leave. What about y'all?
Are you busy mon sunday so we can get started on it? its may 1st by the way
Not asleep yet.
oh, I'm only 16 about to be 17. I ment done with school as in summer vacation Hahaha:)
Thank you! RT : Posted the info to the GovLoop Librarians group.
I'll say it before Jim does ... what is Minecraft? If it works, it works. How do kids w/o computers learn? Is it a crutch?
all i said was 'yeah like 10 seconds ago' I don't see how that's anything!
How Did Angel Die?
Looking at the new Jean-Georges cookbook makes us want to run to the store and get cooking! #home cooking with jean-georges
5K! I just finished a 3.11 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
“: Just laid down sick rhymes with this Doritos rap is the shit”
HOLLER-GRAM
Poll - what book(s) do you recommend for an 11-year-old girl? Curating list for my awesome colleague
Rocking the boots on night 2 as a true tennessean!
So I got a lil better with AVID!! Saturdays are THE BEST DAYS TO COME IN...BUT NOW IM SUPER HUNGRY
Kind of love those random 'likes' from people you haven't talked to in years when you post a photo or inspiring quote on #FB ..
Thank you for the tweet!
Wtf is this?
Would LOVE for you to start an edu180la -- have everything you'd need to do so! Let's Skype at some point...cheers!
I guess you could say that. I'm an alcoholic I think... But I like smoking more haha
mom (4 missed calls) oh man im in deep shit...
U CAN TELL BY THE LOOK IN MY EYES #FOCUSED WITH A PLAN
I agree. Why do people tweet players and tell them to come to UK. Why would someone listen to a person on Twitter
Everyone needs to vote for #TeamRochee you know there's nobody better!!!
Any first time buyers out there!! Now is really the time to buy...low rates, high inventory & eager sellers. The real estate markets needs u
Hey toya how are you? I have some ??? Please inquire with me at When you get a minute. Thanks
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> you too
so true!
that's why they have interviews after the video .
Thanks , , and Call us for debris removal and ground cover deliveries.
Thank U! RT : that's so awesome! Seriously if u ever need help I would be glad to do anything
is completely amazing!! and i LOVE her!! She is the sweetest. Friends?
My Fav songs!! Hit the lights See no more It girl Run the world Better with the lights off Take over control Good life Pretty girls !!!
“: things to avoid: being a third wheel”
At NPR with Emilie of #KCUR . Talking digital strategies with NPR Digital and a handful of great folks from member stations.
ha wow, you have a lot of catching up to do. It just keeps getting better and better too
Wow! thanks for the pic !
great tip! I was just fighting my Kindle Fire and USB last night and I don't have a pref between that and the iPad.
The Flyers need to stop scoring first
If it was possible to get a T.U.I (tweeting under the influence) I would be blowing a .42 BAC.
This tall ref sucks man.
I hate when I rent a car the radio is tuned to all crappy stations. First thing I do in a new city is find some ROCK!
Qutips are a #makeup artists best friend!!!
-answers it & yells-
My problem is that I use my own understanding/preparation as a measuring stick for theirs. And that's not fair to them.
weird, i mihgt be going to n cali
Well, it is decided that I will be failing my geometry SOL tomorrow. There is no doubt about it in my mind.
SOME Black Girls Rock and SOME Black Girls Hip-Hop either way, it's about the music!! Good Music that is!!
pretty sure like even teenager is the tri state area is watching the news because of and
We've got 'em in our gift shop - the Bravo Shop! RT : Hit em' up! : how do I get a Cincinnati pops bowtie?
U never know til u try
good gig if you can get it
Saturday night I might be at the Baldwins. I'll call you. Sunday, Mark and I are driving to see my mom and grandmothers.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Looks cozier than my apartment.
Soaking Up Some Vitamin D; Getting My Tan On.
have tried a few of them between 05-07. 07 RRV surprised me. Darn good. Somewhat inconsistent. Has flirted with overripeness.
Thank you! :) Happy New Year!
A nice run around the freshman center while gym class is outside makes me feel...creepy.
ah I love you thank you!(:
Just wana lock myself inn a room and never come out .
Does Spotify have a classical music library as well??
Throwing the baseball in the back yard and laying out all day makes it feel like summer <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2600><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
She drivin' me crazy
Rock chalk Jayhawks!!!
First experience in San Antonio from a cab, loved the text message receipt and touch signature!
We love having you RT : never fails to remind me just how much I love to dance.
"Document Type Declarations were intended for validators, not browsers." I'm reading "HTML 5 for Web Designers" by Jeremy Keith.
We need a resolution!!!!
“: I bleed orange year round, but I pledge allegiance to the #BBN today! #SECAlways” love and appreciate the support Go Cats!
Thank you for clearing that up....
got grilled catfish again at Mama's Cafe today for lunch.
yeah haha but that means the heat and the celtics basically get free passes to the conference finals... That's cool
Critically Acclaimed is a record label.Our artists get their hot beats from MADSIONTIST PRODUCTIONS & other beat makers.
for me, talking to is like talking to a brick wall :( why don't you see my tweets Austin? :(
The top 4 countries still using death penalty -Iran, North Korea, Yemen and United States. Aren't we proud to be in such great company!!!
hahaha that kinda funny
Yeah, is it until close? I'm coming in at 4 to help with the setup, but if I gotta stay from 4 until whenever then I'm game.
Ha! What a small world! That's too funny.. I have a lot of memories of playing lacrosse v Liggett! #puremichigan :)
Case throws the ball away while under pressure. 4th and 10 with 2:21 to go.
Another day.. Ready to take over the world.
I still feel bad giving midterms..well not as bad as taking them
Have you ever wanted to grab someone through the Internet and slap the shit out of them?
but but but but I thought there was a "we" instead of a "you" and "I". <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Good points on the blogger issue from yesterday's discussion. It's an interesting topic.
you and your friends are too cute(:
RT : Giving away lots of AMAZING #gifts once we hit 50K followers! Who's ready to RT and have some fun! :)
I would love you forever! Haha
great tweets sorry to see you go but no follow back
Yes! If we win this year, then the Mayans were surely correct about it all
So ESPN is putting 'los' in front of teams names as part of Latin Night? Wow, why not put an 'o' after the name too?
O o u nasty girl I call u baby sleaze/ya monkey stankin o I smell a lil cottage cheese #watchtheJuggernaut lmfao
This is great.
Having a great day! Perfect way to end the work week... really needed today to turn out this way.
Jazzy follow me i'm your big fan #Jazzers xoxo <U+2665>
I tweeted a lot yesterday :) and that's rare lol I think Ima start tweeting more :)
“: Love when people dont txt me back>>>” haha luv hm!! who r u talking about??
I heard you got a hair cut..Is this true? Post a picture?
hopefully next Tuesday I'll be there!!!
good one allan. You should tweet for a living.
So excited to host Festival & Exhibition in Nov/Dec!
#HappyCincoDeMayo Have FUN tonight Mi Gente xo!
You Da One that I think about all day.lol Yo Nephs Rihanna is hard.
#KeepCalm&CarryOn attempts to put its finger on the sorry mess we're in & moving forward from that, what can make life truly worthwhile <3
I just bought Disney Pixar's Toy Story 2 for ps1. I used to play this game when I was a child. I'm bracing myself for all this nostalgia.
Ahh that's a good one! :)
Don't forget it is also prom today- lets make good choices and take care of each other!
trying really hard NOT to let myself go shopping today...
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
My bitch is super fly..
good ole Chevys :)
Good Afternoon! I hope you're having a great day!
hola again... nj connect
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws4 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
I haven't tweeted you in so long . Hi. :)
I don't like the color of my Toms
what's up pimp...nice meeting u last night...hit me up whenever...
you need to follow
in Ken Jeong's voice from the Hangover?
RT RT House Music is one of the best things man can create....
welcome to
is on her way home from seeing her oldest (and arguably coolest) friend. Best distraction ever. ;)
just saw you guys up at MGM and respectfully didnt say hello. Hope the biginning of your stay in the DIRTY D has been great
@ Reliant Center the H&G Market starts TODAY at 2:00!! Come join us THIS weekend, register for free tickets
#DWTS #Melissa should go. She's only still on cuz she's got a huge fan base. The judges always short change
RT : RT - fantastic speaker on networking, referral marketing, or behavior styles, be sure to contact
The debate about if/when/should we take on a certain client is stressful...
Yeah boy i like it. Talk that talk all night
Wine's "Margarita Effect"-Mosel #Riesling w/sweetness tastes more refined b/c of high acid+slate mineral saltiness. Nik Weiss=St. Urbans-Hof
good good u
Did someone say hybrid?
sum crazy bitch said my account is a spam account she a looney toon ass hoe
Think positive, because thoughts are like the steering wheel that moves our life in the right direction...
Anti #nato protests starting in #Chicago tonight. Protestors trying to get police to respond with violence.
Do I tell you how to do your job, Campbell?
oh that suck:( haha your allready tan!:)
Just had a great Skype visit with 3rd-5th graders at G.R. Whitfield in North Carolina. The topic? Nonfiction: Why It Is Awesome.
“The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.” Vidal Sassoon, Famed Hairstylist, British immigrant - RIP
You ruin my damn plans
c u in BOS bring boots!
Yup. So, are you getting on Tinychat later?
Happy Mothers Day to all of our T2 Mothers!
#PackerNation hopes do too!
excellent! Thanks! I'll include the link in this new doc.
Been working hard today not a real lunch- just had a crunchy carob rise bar- #glutenfree #peanutfree 17 grams protein! Yummy
my #OpenSim host has a 'situation' so grid has been offline 2+ days. apologies - will reschedule things asap. i also have a plan B.
My bf is going to buy tickets for that one so we can go :)
That wasn't flying!! That was falling with style
Big Show this Saturday with and ! We got a few tix still get at us :)
Be sure to tune into Fox 5 tomorrow at 5:30AM or 6:30am. See Scouts & The Salvation Army talking about Scouting for Food with
Hairspray and some other stuff diminished my social time. ahem.....missed you at the show. It's OK. xoxo
City before state
People that complain live longer.
Repeal Florida's "Stand Your Ground Law", it's a license to kill.
he didn't read my dm! he just answered me 'can you ask Zara to check her DMs for me' -___-.
Broke a thousand followers!! Wahoo
Haha. Cool man, thanks. I don't think those groups are anything to be afraid of.
I like your new hair colour; it's darker. You really good!
Well I'm probably scarred for life... This is more awk than when I saw breaking dawn with my bro...
They're playing checkers when the game is chess.
Hey Netflix - how is Arrested Development like The Walking Dead?
What if we're only in our prime when our age is a prime number?
Gorgeous today! Lots of sunshine and temps pass from the 50's to the 60's over the lunch hour!
In the street below my windows a luchador in a gold lamé cape poses for photos on a Harley.
Our natural goodness is false spirituality and is actually a great hindrance to life...
New and exciting pilot project for Facebook coming soon, stay tuned for details later today.
We did! Did you?
CBS can't be happy with this leader board.
I'm being a little rascal tonight. I'm toying around with both mom's ribs and metal hardware. I don't really like for her to sleep.
Wrong is always wrong even if everyone is doing it.
man whateva. Im not go b bias either. If he won I'll tell you.
haters dnt bring me down. And they certainly dnt bring down JB. Keep talking. Is tramp the only word you know ?
Somalians are so loud
NO I DIDNT MEAN TO IM SORRY
NICE! One of my best buds was the intern there last year!
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
Beauty in all she is.
I love it when that happens, it feels so god!!! ;-)
Where does one get beach balls in Pgh. in January? Besides that, rocked it tonight.
Looking at my search strings: someone found my site by google searching my ex's boobs. Hilarious.
Time for the art crawl !
RT : Q1: Best Halloween Cocktail name has to be....Melon Monster Mash Martini! Love that song!
Spin Champagne & Chickenheadz
I'm gonna li-i-i-ive my life no matter what we party tonight ;)
There's just too many touchy mofos on here today. Lawd
Check out Igors tip for the day on the discussion board.
WE GO HARD!
u ain't said shit but a word when u comin back to the V?
My spring semester graduate seminar at GW: Queer Object Ecologies.
cleared the stratosphere!
He's frighteningly relatable and it has nothing to do with his ability to seduce with a look on a train
don't be a stranger!
is always wonderin what peoples dreams r mine is 2 be able 2 meet my fav singers of all time: bethany joy galeotti & sheryl crow!
#YeauAintAvoutZotLyfe RT : don't do it to yourself
I do a lot of thinking at night
Thank you for getting back to me. It is important to respect the family in situations like these. Thanks again.
3 followers away from 400! Help me out!
I'm ready for some dc loving
Saw The Movie *Think Like A Man Act Like A Lady*! Love Loved It! A Must see!
Hello If you are down in MKE stop by one of our meetings
damn :-( welp..... im sure u will meet someone
The mister votes for Scripps Forum and I'm for the San Diego Museum of Art gardens. Any unique SD venue ideas?
Having my 1st Home Show on my own today. Wish me luck!
"The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald."
I have done a synchronized swim routine to funkytown. Yay lifeguarding.
Get it! and when you're done come see us!
Righteous collab idea: and I know you're both reading this. Let's make it happen.
neurotic seizures
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. The greatest mistake is giving up
I don't know how many protesters were arrested in this morning's raid, but there aren't many people here at OSD tonight.
If an Offensive Linemen sneezes before the snap would it be a false start?
omg you changed your icon i like that one!
: hey friend from around the way this is another twitter of mine follow me please chow baby!
We have a winner! “: Ate a hot dog with Rick Mirer on the sidelines?”
any chance I can get that recipe? Gnocci is my wife's absolute favorite.
NEW MUSIC COMIN
I wonder which day is Arian coming back....I think it's the 21st but I'm not sure
quick, steamy read. The second book is better. Albeit a lil creepier, you still wish you had someone to cuddle up to.
GREENFlag expects 10,000 ACCELERATOR CLIENTS by day`s end! We are at 9,993 as of last night, after just 10 months! Our clients are happy an…
Mane iWanna get on this big bouncy slide thing
what's the plan for The Green Gang at on Saturday?!
WTF did I just read. There wer a lot of big words in ther.
One day at a time is how I am getting through this =D
": Today we'll be serving lunch at Navy Yard. C u soon!!!"~Nats fans they Rreally good burritos should check B4 game sometim
hey girl... I have moved back to cleveland so I will be tryna get my hair done ijs...how you been?
I need to start talking to new people hahaha
Holy fuck. Straight up gunfight in Riverwest. Two guns maybe 12 shots between em. Cripes.
You're so very welcome
just let me know...your welcome anytime you want...it will be fun...
thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a creative weekend
yikes! Omg! Are u heading back to GA?
thanks for the follow. Love your work....it's amazing!!!
followed by club can't handle me right now.
Headed to the Zakaria lecture at the U of M
Thanks to everyone for the birthday love yesterday! It made my day!!
I've noticed that Herman Cain likes to attribute his views and source of information to highly qualified, unnamed people. Come on now...
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
Now listening to "lost ones" one of my favorite songs so far this is like my third time listening to it. Can't wait until the 8th!
hey how dare you spam me? i am a FIESTA full of drinks, slurring speech and awesomeness. you anger me.
McAllen tries a fake punt at their own 18 with 3:10 left in the 3rd & is stopped by the Alexander defense, 9 yd TD run by Brian Swain. 41-18
Ok bitch. Two can play that game.
I'm missing tonight! I have to get off twitter because y'all are gonna ruin it for me. It's so good tonight.
Tattoos > Muscles
hahaha right that's why I drank all of it!
I will stop messaging you from here on out.
There is a place in a God where, we can be totally free from fear
Good God! Ethernet is almost 40 years old. No wonder I'm gray.
i was this shape at 12 but a lil smaller and i was about 5'2
- I'll see if my boyfriend wants to go. Thanks for the invite!
Workout with me and receive a Complimentary set of my Exclusive #LoveYourAbsAbExerciseCards! Loves Them!
Nearly got doored on my commute into work today by someone getting out of their car on Valencia
Just saw a storefront sign: Guns - Signs - Scuba. #stayclassy Florida!
#IDontHaveTimeFor worrying, yet I do it constantly. Note to self: embrace a goal to stop wasting time sweating the small stuff.
Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next. Jean Piaget
That's honesty right there RT : RT : I can't wait for this season to be over so I can get back to killing hookers
So many cops out today. It's like they're still amped about the gunman yesterday and are taking it out on speeding motorists today.
of course he speaks english + the spanish lyrics came out in the bottom
Roman Noodles! >>> Lunch of Champions
My tapers fall out when I sleep every freaking night.
Godspeed. Great night to travel.
Any experts in I's Millennium Data Exchange module out there? (need to make a newly-created load profile appear in the drop-down menu).
Merry Christmas
Ayden has started to watch tv & dance to the music so this shall be interesting. He yells "OH" in awe of the screen alot
#FREE Bailey's?! Yes please! Head to now for details. Text FREE to 35350 now 4 chance 2 win other prizes from Mo's & !
Its weird hearing kroq mentioning Tim from underoath in the celebrity birthdays
Heading to work around Newbury St? Stop by our shop for FREE coffee, espresso drinks, and baked goods from 8am-10am this morning. Yes, FREE.
Wife wanted something for her anniversary that went 0-200 in 2 seconds. Was getting her a bathroom scale a bad thing?
Um... interesting...
Thanks 4 coming to the EMBA Tim. Hope 2 see you soon. & please fill that Sr. Dir. of Global Talent Acquisition position.
It's what I do when no one watches that truly defines the man I am when everyone is looking
On my way to Creating Video with DSLR Cameras workshop
#moviechatters What is your favorite movie of all time??
What a beautiful day in Nashville, I love the sound of the birds chirping o a bright sunny warm day! :)
Small craft advisory in effect Monday afternoon across tidal Potomac River. Minor flooding could occur Tues. through Sun.
Lol, one question could have saved you a lot of trouble.
You're so fashionable!
. explains how FEC has gutted #DISCLOSE rules, allowing shell corps to hide $$
At dress rehearsal for tomorrow nights Messiah concert. The orchestra and chorale sound wonderful!
i know i know.
Did mayhew only go to the oklahoma pro day?
" oh hey what are you doing on campus this late?" Me: Looking for my motivation
Georgetown College Tigers fall to Mountain State 83-76 in NAIA tournament to end their season.
I bEAT it up
RT the RT in full if you can do so under 140 chars. If you can't, then delete RTs furthest from the original tweet.
Who told you that I gave a f*ck
I can't believe I have only finished IHFC and SAMS buildings. Looks like I'll be coming back tomorrow afternoon!
just talk to Brent hall from #GetRightMixtape, thats whats up!
I HATE Rush Limpdick.
yep its sad but ive never even been outta Cali loll
“: On average people fear spiders more than they do death.” Some of us see spiders on our dreams periodically. Hm
When your job is crashing as hard as you can into other guys who are crashing into you–every day for years–more padding won't help.
Send me the bill and I'll sign it --- Go President Obama! He's back and got his mojo... Great
basketball wives
Time to go bury myself in another Jim Nisbet novel. It's going to be a noir evening.
“Life doesn’t have a remote; get up and change it yourself.”
hahahahh it treat her exxxxxxtraa special everyday aint too many more x's left
pretty odd, i'm getting sent to some russian website too. thanks for pointing this out!
How to spend time on Google+: spend 15mins looking for peeps talking about relevant topics via
can't wait to see what weekend the Chargers are gunna whoop that Steeler rear end!!!
. thanks for the follow... Keep rocking it!
On my way to the gym after a great thanksgiving with friends!!
I totally agree, Roger. I was bracing myself for the film, but I (& a roomful of old-school fans) loved it.
Hey Paul - I DM'd you what's up?
How does one see a miracle manifest in their life?
We are acting on this immediately asking drivers and mechanics to look for the ad and remove it.
RT If u wish u lived in NJ <U+E00D><U+E420>
#mascmplx panel on violence up next; after Ken Corbett's heartbreaking talk we are prepared
Happy Opening Day, everyone! Go Brew Crew!
Force me to talk ? You don't wanna hear the words I'm about to say . ):<
That sounds like a good weekend. I'm hoping to sit in the park to read, play music, and eat some food with friends
trees down on meridian north of I-10
when tells she should know Spanish bc her last name is Rosales.. err uh, Gonzales. hahahaha.
Knowing the difference between right & wrong is one thing, showing it in your actions is another.
Happy Birthday - world's best intern. Lucky to have you at !
about 20 min
haha I'm not denying it (;
Loving somebody is taking a risk
Look for a review of The Dark Backward posted on the blog later today.
I've been a major allergy sufferer all my life, and I finally discovered relief through saline irrigation. Email me for more details.
If a Twitter account exists, and no one pays attention to the crap it spews...
which sheep?
However you do come in loud and clear in Holland, MI.
Congrats on the raise. Hadn't kept up with the industry since selling workables, so really enjoyed the interview. Cheers.
Andrew and I just stapled the lining of our coat pockets...
#mla12 Agreed. Thought #smartphoneless was the purpose of the blogger/tweeter table.
RT : Neglected vehicle care almost always means much higher costs down the line - April is Car Care Month
I swear Asians at Clark is so annoying! Except me though.
tired=O
Greetings from Natural Balance, Brooklyn NY. Hope everyone had a terrific holiday weekend...healing begins at home!
Temple defensive back Kee-ayre Griffin Temple defensive back Kee-ayre Griffin talks about the Owls' regular season finale against Kent St
lol thanks :p I'm just in pain & swollen now ;p
Frances is leaving us for grad school. :( Make sure you tell her what a terrible decision this is. :p
forgot to say I saw you at City of Refuge Sunday with , your runs we're sick ridiculous. #Blessings!
ill text u web I get home
You have a death wish lol xD “: walking into forever 21 and saying "who wants to make me a sandwhich???" #YOLO ;)”
umm not really, but you could google it?
haha i have 13,i beat you! :P
Win for the #Orioles, 2-game lead in the AL East. Cold streak keeps not happening.
New is jammin on sat-radio in Venice, heyo!
The Ridiculousness with Ryan Dunn and the Ryan Dunn tribute was was great. We all miss you man
"Do no harm where you can do no good." - ÆSOP
As long as it takes him to make friends who call him a mama's boy.
Sounds like you need to make some more money before heading back to Winstar
Google Chrome is _dragging_ but it works fine incognito. Wonder if I need to ditch one or two of these extensions
we love u 2
im not going any more my mom canceled!!!
its nice over here. Its not far from anything
and all in one night? Birthday week... you're gonna kill me yet.
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great day! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
We can hardly wait :) September is one of my most favorite months here on the island, lots-o-sun & trade winds
NO! He needs to spend more and be further to the left!!
July 6th: 80s night! Looking for more bands!!
I watched "Get Him to the Greek" after you blessed it &it was quite entertaining. Sounds like "Limitless" is a good one too
Gotchya. Figured it was worth a heads up. Was surprised to find it on here.
Back on twitter, had a busy month so no twittering for me! Another busy weekend & some upcoming trips planned!
I've been so busy!!!! Sorry I've been MIA everyone.
rack city
Best story told about my ancestor tonight: "when we went hunting no one brought guns b/c he'd just open his trunk & ask 'pistols or rifles?'
simple, elegant, perfect. Don't forget the men's uniforms! Brits do uniforms's well!
Slow moving trains making me late for work
thanks pal - Looking forward to your playoff show. Always the BEST in the NHL.
lol I know!!
Stop changing my schedule! Got to work today and found out they canceled my shift. Thanks for not telling me. Made me get up for nothing
Thinking of ways to get "Musician Business Networking" ideas off the ground. We need a book "Helping Musicians Despite Themselves."
My mom is so annoying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thanks Steph! you HAVE to come see the new collection when its bk in NYC!
send me details ill see if i can go
you're not kidding. :)
Thank you!
I have so much work to catch up on! It's been about a month since I've worked in my studio on my art! What to do first??!!!
@ windward mall ....this place sux
danks! The bachelor is on so it's making my night better lol
North Central Community Calendar — April 26
#WordsINeverWantToHear "I don't love you and never will" </3
Holy Rainstorms! Snowing in the mountains. Who has skiing snowboarding plans??? Pack your Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the slopes!
appointment with a client,will be back later...
Im all cried out....
So true! We'll soon have little splash babies running around...
Here we are all alone in this room.
$$$$$NEW PLAY MOVED UP TO 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$$ DUE TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE FLOATING$$$$$$$ WE WANT PEEPS TO GET AS MANY B4 THE BELL AS POSSIBLE
The irony being tht, I ended up in a #BurgerKing. But, they dnt use formaldahyde in their food...right?
Sweet goal. And set up by Donovan no less!!
RT : Doing more and more with #jQuery, #SPServices & #JSOM. They open up a whole new range of possibilities. Loving it!...
YES! Please tell me you still have an invite left!
Try #Getsocialbrevard too :)
#TROGwar TROGLODYTE War on Stupid: push back agnst the epidemic stupidity infecting our politics & government. Related: Cognitive Dissonance
": Discipline is remembering what you want. - David Campbell #quotes #quote"
Good morning. Early Bird Specials deadlines for the Little Miss Beautiful Hue America Pageant are fast approaching. Don't miss out!
COREY BREWER AND ANDRE MILLER STARRING IN WOLF AND BUNNY MOVIE WHERE THEY WILL BE WOLF AND BUNNY GET YOUR WOLF AND BUNNY TICKETS NOW
Watching today's five GOP primaries is like watching the Patriots play the Dolphins in Week 17.
High tops rule! And Velcro is cool! Merry Christmas peeps!
Look me in my eyes. I know what is within me...even if you cant see it yet.
that is one horrible website, thanks for sharing.
Devers, 29, made the same long journey in 2003, flying in to attend the original Heritage Classic between the Canadiens
RT : One last big ups to our tour sponsors for : , , and Check em out! They r ...
Hey all!! Happy Thursday! Take a second this weekend to follow on Twitter and check out the fun things we tweet!!
Ever googled "blueberry waffle"? Itz gross...
GUESS WHAT I DID!!
Harry S. Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38. At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
Working on filing. Looking forward to funding for the Center for Justice and Social Compassion. Best Wishes to All
Pau's bleeding from the beak.
I'm so sad that I can't go to their concert >.<
oops. #Dimon not #Diamond. I'm thinking Blood Diamonds or something. Pardon me! LOL!
Explain why Joan Crawford didn't like wire hangers..? Obviously she didn't like babies either & coulda done some damage with a wire hanger.
Uh oh looks like trouble in paradise..
Anyone have a good recipe for red velvet cake? I'm a good baker, but for some reason I always end up with red velvet hockey pucks.
Anyone know if the Coachella sets for the second weekend were filmed or not?
Cannot. Quit. Coughing.
Tony Allen....WOW
Natural Breast Augmnentation Products? #ThingsThatILike Bay Hill
The #TopSomm competitors are early, and looking much more alert than I am this morning! Good luck everyone!
would u follow back too sweets?
F.Y.I - The stars of "The Hunger Games" will be Grove today at 6pm. Get your wrist bands at 9am.
RT Come see a show and we validate for parking at Horton Plaza. You get a little extra time. See us for details.
Tonight: July 7 Brazilian Percussion Virtuoso AIRTO MOREIRA'S 70th BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION, SOHO 1221 State Street Suite 205 Santa...
noticing the difference between kids racing around the peterson automotive museum with a find and circle scavenger hunt and
you did??? where??
Looking for a locale for your company picnic? The Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability on 7.8.11! Call 503.693.8452 for more info!
waffling as to whether or not nom a book for CapCh...
8:24am and it is so dark that you'd think it was the middle of the night. Big storm on the way.
I don't wanna brag, but ill be the best you ever have ....
I think that spray butter is the greatest invention since sliced bread!
Day 2 of filming was great! short and sweet!!
Many people avoid looking out of their window at night because they are scared of seeing a face
Sam stay away from zayne :p
Watching on ESPN but streaming radio for this one. No way am I suffering through more Vitale.
3 more #followers till 1500 help me out #retweet n #follow me
is a freshly minted shodan
Tebow and the Jets
I'm in da projects watchin a nigga get knocked out.
Thank you to everyone who entered my GoodReads giveaway! Congrats to the winners. Your books are in the mail!
I traveled to my couch to watch The Soup. Does that count?
new mixtape bet not be bullshyt
thanks always positivity, & patients is the key .
Stop bein somebody else man, when you can be you man
My mom left for New York this morning for a week and I already miss her/:
And again I ask: why do #Costco hotdogs taste so good???
"The level of structure that people seek always is in direct ratio to the amount of chaos they have inside."
The Boy is Darn SMART just like the Mom!
Not right now but make sure you register with us so we will have your info if something does come along.
I wish I was better at putting my feelings in word form, not just of the top but in a deep, analytic, semi-poetic way.
“: Do you ever just feel completely empty inside?”
Mauldin high '94. Mike Griffith the e-commerce guru here ... i miss all of the mauldin crew. Bugg if u out there hit me!
My dad is unharmed. I'm annoyed bec he totaled my last car when I only had 3 payments left. He's no longer allowed to borrow my car. ; )
ha yea I guess so. I'll take it
well just have classes today. Have fun here.
Too much D #49ers vs
is our everything thank you justin your the reason I believe in my dreams :) <3 u
No one ever gives me a straight answer in this house..
good luck on ur last final! I hope you're at our favorite table by the windows it's good luck!
Case studies show this product is use full for 100's of disease's Restores the True You What Can It Do For You?
Jessica Simpson Baby Name Revealed: Maxwell!
I'm just exploring. I like to try things. It just doesn't work. Lots of lag.
is it the my American gypsie wedding show?
Pessimistic view. | If it was my decision. The world would come to an end, because there is no hope for change.
Drive is the most insane movie, I think I've ever seen!!!!!
This week, do something you've never done (make it a good thing, ha ha)...live, laugh, and love like never before!
New board member for our Friends group is Yay! Congratulations, Dave!
Oh damn!!! Nice look Slacker... All u buddy RT : McGee's mom is surrounded by small bald white guys seeking her approval.
Check out Ready.gov today! They will tell you what you need, and we can ship it to your door.
RT : RT : Friday 11/11/11 is Veteran's Day. To honor veterans the Museum will be offering free admission...
Anyone wanna tweetcast tonight's HTTQ event?
LOL! RT : Duh... where do you think ass-holes come from.. RT : can babys be concieved through anal sex?
I think you love glee just as much as me! we should watch it together next tuesday!
Cliff Burton of Metallica was killed on this day in 1986 when the band's bus overturned in rural Sweden.
holy sheet!
WTS GREAT WINTER SONGS: "This is the New Year" by Ear candy and soulfood for the ill inspired. (tweet ur favorites to us!)
Me too! ;) RT : Pumped about getting rejected thanks to
I want some butter pretzels
Thoughts on Sixers?
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God, and...
Um hm(clear throat)... so anyway... excuse me dear...
The Silk Tie likes Arvind! As life is best lived, people are best looking good and ties are best worn, the circle of life
ice, van chai, milk, and espresso!
Winter's back! Come warm your soul with a hot bowl of POZOLE! Thats pork stew, YO! Served with soft corn tortillas!
No one can capture an experience or moment for everybody, but there's real power in what my man did in those early flicks.
Raisins - yum.
Okay(: thanks.
#Exhibitor2011 finished walking the show floor saw Bekins Hadley and spoon
I'll say it again: Please change this new twitter back to the old style! This is awful
LOL, he is a man, what did you expect!! Kill him with kindness!! :)
Detroit has one of largest contingent of #military #veterans. We'll continue to keep you posted about resources & job opportunities
Knew about the blackout & still tried to #Wikipedia 3x today. SMH.
DeRango's on 6 Mile Rd. (very important that it's the 6 Mile Rd one)
If you love me, here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Love you too
It was great to meet you! Sending good writer vibes your way.
SMDH You just Miss me!
than ur moms gonna follow us..hehe
Woke up with a 102 fever and a massive craving for a burger and Pinkberry. Thanks :)
Wha? Dood! You better be at least half-smiling today or I'll kick you in your 'meh'. Congrats!
Love my life!
#HappyMothersDay to all the women who ever have been a mother or ever will be a mother, today is ALL about you!!
What's your favorite color?
Just dyed some of my hair pink... yeee
awesome who is comin'?!
What if won the national championship?
is on the phone with a woman who is speaking so loudly I can hear her in the other room! He is going to go deaf!
Thanks Bobby...great work there.
State reps. now taking some people inside Capitol.
We're thrilled to have you!
Come to think of it I used to be pretty uptight
What's the name of this movie on b.e.t. ?
Know anyone graduating law school this Spring? A legal-themed chess set would make a great gift! But order early, they take time to make!
#TeamMovieLovers Follow If You Love #Movies & Tell Us About Your Favorite Movies! RT l Follow Back
I lost hella followers .. Oh well
and that's why I'm cleaning the followers... Sorry followers who have pages with no tweets lol..EVRYTHING MUST GO MAYB EVEN U LOL
probably die. is my life. Oh and check the last one..
Dead hearts are everywhere!:/
I am working. And haha, I would if I could. I've never seen him!
Don't lower urself 2 be on people's level, have them rise up 2 ur's!
My dumbass went into work at 11 and I don't have to be there until 5
I love the food there. $29 for three courses, and drinks are $1 each - you will leave very full!
Not so fast my friend....only time will tell whether Matt Flynn is Matt Flynn or Scott Mitchell.
The best thing about the #Patriots victory tonight was how well the Defense played. Their best game of the season
I shall miss you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
your welcome hun!! tell your mom i said hi =)
So Happy To be Here at #Foodiechats with our fodies-buddies,
Tensnake, Aeroplane, Holy Ghost!, Grum, Wolfram, In Flagranti, Hercules And Love Affair. Any DJs in Denver spin these guys?
must admit I very much enjoy annoying orange
Sometime around the year 1650, the legend has it that Baba bootlegged 7 coffee seeds attached to his body out of Mecca.
want one but have a special hybrid plate
HI - you should check out , a great phone solution for small businesses - connect w/ happy customers
Some Of That Purple Drank Would Put Me Straight To Sleep Right Now
Keep counter culture classic rock out of commercialism. Let those artist rest in peace. Greedy little corporate pigs.
where you from
Thanks for sending-- all great places (esp Rubirosa & S'MAC)
anyone want to video call?
: goin back to that (the d rose article), cant belive what the #bulls did to the #heat last nite..
Back in the KC.. Thank you Chi-town and LA!.. Happy bday to my lil bro , luv u bud and see u soon!!
hey Barry thnx for the follow. Lkng forward to wrkng on Tornado project. I think I am going to limit grp to 2 or 3. Thoughts?
lalalallalala i love :)
ME! “: I am proposing a #museumprofessional swap rather than a #houseswap - one month in Paris work for anyone?!? #aam2012”
I don't know if that would be a good idea... I think our green room is solidly edward territory.
True that haha RT You see all kinds of different people at the dmv lol
Happy Norfolk State made it round 3 - but ...GO GATORS!!!!!
o.k? So yeah knock on my door en ur done with w.e
Marketing Affiliates wanted; True HOME/INTERNET BASED business. Takes all of 3-5 minutes a day - 6 lucrative income streams all based on...
welcome to the good life! ;-)
oh well so now you can try it for yourself!
yaaaay! We hope you like it! Pls help spread the word! :) thnxs!
sorry, but that is ludicrus!
"If I had one day to vacation on Anna Maria, I would spend it _______ "
She got the best ass in HIP HOP right now! #handsdown! thats ma last tweet i promise.lol!
Great webinar with , , !
#IAlwaysWonderIf the world would really be boring and dull with out music.
#Thirdwheelingitup ... I have never been so bored ever!!!!
Not generational, just low-class
Boxing is definitely is a sport from day's gone by. The question is have fans become too PC for the sport ?
don't forget to request "Train Wreck!" Thanks!!!
Day 2 of StartingUp Now Facilitator Training going well. We're intro-ing trainees 2 our web platform, Skillcenter.
The Ethnic World Pageant Red Carpet Event will feature new R&B Artist "TRUTHFUL". To purchase tickets go to www.ethnicworldpageants.com
Hands down, Tokyo. RT : Next question: What is your dream vacation?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Hello to all my new followers. Need to know if you made the right choice? How about this: SPORTS! SPORTS! SPORTS!
what channel
- them promoting your book was the best part! The rest has too much dude talk
Catching up on breaking bad, best show in TV!
Covered in Gold-Leaf
m hm
What's on your Valentine's Day playlist?
So happy right now.
Put your hands to the constellations! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> the way you look should be a sin, you my sensation!
"The Manchurian Candidate." (1962 original, not the remake.)
RT Hustlemode gets u nowhere with me... Keep it real please!!!! Game recognize game!!! >Say it again, say it again
stop I have literally every season on dvd
Play the Pokerstars SCOOP at the PPC Aruba All the wifi u need, plus the beach
But I Can't .
Turkeyy Bingoo Time! Be back later if I win a turkey I'll put up a pic but I'll be back later :)!
When you flush the toilet and one shit comes back up! Like what do yyou want sshit
Hold on to your cowboy hats! From 'Way Out Here', will be cruising into Pensacola Beach for !
And by we, I mean one Detroit project this year. Ok, enough twitter spam.
Good morning twitter, been cleaning windows for a couple hours already!
This time next week I'll star in the long-anticipated role as patient at St.Vincent Women's Hospital; post-perf reception in post-op. Wheee!
hmm...or, get the new Droid w a reliable power source?
This monitor is huge! 27" apple display
When you believe in yourself, you have learned the first secret to success ~NVP
Blind Pilot, Angels & Airwaves, Drake, Rihanna, Jacks Mannequin, Florence...awesome new albums make for great road trip mixed tapes.
TOLD U GUYS THEY WILL WIN
confidence vs self-esteem!!
I know you gotta ole man but ima dawg &gt; like a half of brick I JUST DROP IT OFF !
calisthenics, lunges and one-armed push-ups for the win.
I love my mom so much <3
sleep finally!
A-hole today. Misrepresented the cntrcepn issue. If everyone is so Catholic tell them to stop having sex before marriage.
there were- such as armani, guchi, ralph lauren, prada, etc.
bless you, brother fish! Ah-MEN!
Sure! Send us an email at social [at] cater2.me
Enrique iglesias tonight(fucking u) version Just saying its bad!!
When a friend gets wronged you gotta have their back!
Oh, no! Hope you're better soon.
Chilly, windy, and looks like its gonna get wet today. I was hoping the weatherman was wrong today but I guess not =\
Once again tourist night!! I can not wait!
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON! RT IF YOU AGREE!
I want to go to sleep
BillMyAnswer uses an algorithm to create originality of your tutorial. Worry not about someone Re-selling your tutorial
Jusy found 80bills in my purse!:D
Just left spending time with my dad! Miss him so much!!! Literally the best dad in the world!
thanks for the mention, and for reminding me i need to stop by the SIUP booth.
Shave it all off. Goatee's are ugly.
swagg im likin this #tweet RT : Call me a stripper I can dance to anything..
What happened to the moral character of our politicians? They used to serve the citizens but now act as if the citizens should serve them!
tins make perfect coasters
fosho love family
Black girls have bad attitudes.
Someone remind me why I didn't switch to Chrome earlier, again?
Not feeling so good so I'm gonna go make myself some soup
Which part of St. Louis, I think I might point ya to the bast gas station. Safe trip!
Just found out is coming to MKE!? Um, two tickets please. And
Girls that bitch too much <<<<
That's excellent company ;)
SURVEY: 35% of employers in MA are more optimistic about hiring in 2013 and expect to add more jobs.
you in horn lake ?
Up bright and early and out at for meeting
lololol no I CAN"T!!! wait till I tell you bro #Trinkets!!
I just got up to use the bathroom & realize I still have xanax & liq in me. Ima shrug this 1 out
GOOODBYEEE HOME RUN...God I love you JJ Hardy
I cannot imagine that feeling. Its a great feeling as a fan to watch you guys come in, but as a player Id be speechless. Update us
Nothing like a 4 + hours of a Red Sox / Yankees game
I'm laying in bed sick as shit watching. So fuck you.
Bused to work. #seattle needs to improve rider IU infomation- website.
“: The most liberating feeling in the world is to move past what people "think" of you!”
#Goodnight1DFamily you ROCK
He's going their withy parents today. And lots have said the same about Visionary Arts. On the list.
OMG TINA!! Congratulations!!! I'm so excited for you!!! (Thanks to Twitter, I now know your great news!!!)
Good works Tyrese..Hope to get a chance to work with you soon...
A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread
i cant set my hopes too high cause every hello ends with a goodbye
How do you politely tell someone (who sucks your time and energy) that it's no longer your problem while still saving face?
lil wayne rocks i listen to his song sometimes even the rap songs ;)
i dont like you... leve me the hell alone -___-
So I have friend is making giant steps as a country music recording Artist...Show some support and learn about Kevin Mac!!!
I want a car
Yes, we only sell a particular brand of suet and suet feeders. That's how much we believe in the quality of this product!
Also that was complete sarcasm.
New Madmen on the 25th! That should cheer ya up! :)
drunk driver just hit a parked car right in front of our building,.... thanks for making me miss the last 5 minutes of the game
CAMS... Slap the ask!!!
Sounds like the boyfriend wants to go somewhere new tonight... hopefully heading to !
shout out
Gym was good 3 1/2 miles. Good job. Pats self on back. No #eyecandy and I still made it. Starting to think I'm too choosy w my candy.
I know, so crazy!! I couldn't believe the price was so low. Finds like that are what keep me hooked on thrifting.
I hope sings Ol Red at the show tonight! #oldiebutagoodie gosh he's cute!
man shut up and go your African ass too sleep
More passes for 212 in a lil bit... Stay tuned!
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments.The front page has nothing but man's failures. -Earl Warren"
“: Trying to decide if imma go to Brew City or not #hm”
loving you in this basement. Follow it!
From #RIT hockey to #ROC Fashion week, ah reporting on the weekends
god morning! just thought i'd throw it out there since i'm having a great one :)
"The answer to the problem is in the problem. That makes it an opportunity"
Listened to the Ep !! Keep doin your thing.
The 101 is a
I just saw something that disgusted me. Smh!!!!
Postcards for sure. And what about Boogie Nights for Ms. Moore?
im not sure I'm gonna do what he wants me too lol I just got his call though.
Guy in front of us at the ball game is clipping his nails. Not the time or the place, dude. Dude.
i saw you at h.e.b today :)
Money,cars,clothes and jewelry won't ever love u back!
I didn't know Dr. King's mom was shot and killed in 1974 while sitting at the organ in Ebenezer Baptist Church. Why didn't I know that?
So bummed I missed Danny McBride at PaleyFest...I want to work with him one day!!! Why did I have to get sick last night????
I'll take a look in a bit. :-)
When it rains, it pours...at least this week! Only good thing is I'm done with school for the semester!
Don't tempt me..although I am only 6 maybe in 1o years !lol
wat it do big homie...I was fuckin wit you n NAPTOWN B4 CHRISTMAS....NOW I'M FUCKIN WIT YOU N MY HOMETOWN...MILWAUKEE
Fill in the blank: During the Blast offseason I ______________.
Thanks Certified retweeter
maybe beckett should go back in the dugout and eat chicken and drink beer.
awesome! Please share what you learn!
Go ahead! It's over RT : Man this game need to go off so I can get in the bed!!
Walking home from rehearsal in the snow in athletic shorts and a sweaty tee.
We sold our soul for the Stanley Cup. Next 40 years of misery now.
Say you love her! She'll follow you! :D
Anyone have a cordless hand vacuum that they would recommend? Please let me know.
Just started watching #TheVampireDiaries for the 1st time last week on Netflix. It's really good... very well written.
Skipping out of work for a couple hours for a hot group scene.
Almost just called me baby niece, Pikachu.
Isn't it though? I kind of want to go just to check it out. Note to all: for me, "bad" art is sometimes synonymous with "great"
If it isn't yours I wouldn't bother either. :p
will do. Very cool
So today they told me something about HIM ^.^ yeahh his amazing <U+2665>
Welcome to Twitter.
Me and predicted exactly how tht was convo went
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay My brother is not weird :D
Oh, ok. I must have miscounted. I thought they'd max at 11 when I was looking at schedule.
Me & going to hell
that part is DEFINITELY true. Hahaha.
haha just teasing! Miss your face darlin. Let's catch a show together soon!!
what comment.? im lost
Oh, forgot to mention over on that we also set up our Pinterest account. Look for infographics, etc. soon
RT : Why do you shop at KNO Clothing?
Stop allowing meaningless people have a meaningful impact on your life
We know the Trifolium repens by another name — the white clover, but more commonly, the shamrock.
What odd features do you find attractive on somebody?
Have n be safe come back in one piece with some sovouniers alrite
Right back to Franklin smh. Did we have hw?
Do you have days with boned wings specials?
Lamborghini mercy, your chick shes so thirsty
You want internships? We got 'em! Marketing/Adv/PR students email your resumés to
It always pays to chop the head off of a snake because their always lurking in the grass full of sheep....
Being alone sucks -_______- ...
Shake it off, lift it up, go not quietly into the gloom, and just email me and Ill email u a song or two that are sure to lift u up Jay
Heading off to bed Sayonara to a horrible weekend full of lies, betrayal, loneliness, uncertainty, disgust, and the worst inner humiliation
Have faith, it's free!
idk I might have..who did I came with?
do this Heels!!!
Wow did I really just get off at mount vernon thinking it was an express train and then remember it does stop at woodlawn? Merrr -____-
Focus group about laundry detergent. I should have known is be the youngest person here.
Enjoy the Alamo City! Be sure to stop by the Japanese Tea Garden and check out Mission Trail! Eat some brisket & tortillas for me!
hi girl
yes send me an email and i will tell you which ones i have from you.
bed time for kitty and me
Just got a new phone!.....So ready to PARTY tonight!!!!!!
Open House at 5848 Cactus way this Saturday from 11am-2pm! Come by and take a look! Beautiful contemporary on culdesac in La Jolla!
Every time Woodhead scores Rex Ryan has to quit watching and go get a snack. FACT
Glad u like em! And #glutenfree!
glad you like it ! :) welcome!
We are looking to speak with anyone who is going to be putting up posters for #KONY2012 in San Diego for
"You don't know how to have fun the way" -
RT : As it is said, "Today, if you hear his voice, do not harden your hearts as in the rebellion." (Hebrews 3:15 ESV)
It's coming in the first update to Angry Birds Space.
Overheard: "Economists make predictions only to make astrologers look good."
I know! just joshing ya guys--I've got a grad degree in mod & contemporary lit--I love it deep down.
Don't tell yourself #ohwellohwell and shrug things off. The best time is right now! Who knows what tomorrow will bring.
how do you keep that figure?
Until we strung out like a violin, come back to life, then we die agian.
It's stupid and unfounded but it's not causing any widespread harm. But the anti-vax people and the alternative medicine crowd cause trouble
I'm the kinda guy that turns lesbians straight
Outstanding Athletic Coach of the Year -- Ed Leyden.
Just published tour of Lower Midtown (well, at least the MP3 version)...iphone app version submitted for publication!
Oh girl, you HAVE to pick #dragracesharonneedles!
Even buses are messing me over this week!
You should let us choose! :)
The presidential motorcade is right near me right now!!!!
“: When boys pick you up and carry you like its no big deal >” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
i want to put my pussy on your face hun..
“: Fat isn't the enemy. Your fucked up perception and preconceived notions surrounding the subject is the problem.” // prob...
Serious Question. Will the UK/UL Final Four game trump the KY Derby?
Ok, now how go i get back to MSG tonite? anyone?
- No worries. Been a bit unusual thx 2 the labor uncertainty. TY 4 ur support of HDSA! We've got a golf tourney on 8/26 fyi.
#20factsaboutme 12. I enjoy ridiculous things, like the foreign channels on tv, and killing Isaiah on the xbox360.
Morning seems so unfriendly the colder it gets.
Thanks, yo! And I'm well aware =)
drunk tweet but Imma keep it classy: Heeeeeererereyyyyyy
I just be like fuck you what u need? U don't get nothing from me, u always talking shit now I'm somebody you will love to be
& if it was me u were talking bout I'll say u knew the feeling was mutual..
I got that from rodney when you played ball with him
I'm so jealous! 2 1/2 more weeks!
Put it down on me
I don't get these zany references...can you put it into dumb kid terms?
A complex mind is always one to value.
The Weekend ATC puzzle solution is totally "Madison"/"Medicine." I can't play, so g'head. Submit it. You can keep the prize, too!
I would be ready to take the hit if i was keisha...... fuck it.. grab something and hit her with it.
Thanks for listening! And yes, that is a great song!
Magic Johnsons blood is the cure for aids
follow back :D
C'Mon Blazers keep it double digits! #RipCity!
I get really annoyed when comedy radio plays visual jokes.
This twitter so cool n fun yay lol
It was awesome. Had a great time. Missed your presence on the dance floor though!
The mini heart attack when your swimming and you feel somthing in your pocket..
#WBWednesday Dedicated our 10th Women Build home to Sequoia & her son! Thanks & many more!
Funny Bob Gray experience you had! Should be a good movie they are writing you and nick should be in it and play yourselves!
Shout out my real niggaz #teamhustlelife !!!!
I love my Mac, but despite what some Apple fanboys say, just like my pc, it needs a good reboot every now and then.
Exciting! Reading through 1.0 now :-).
Smart companies know that effective HR is there to prevent issues; not just deal with them.
The fact that I'm seeing avengers tonight with awesome people makes the traffic jam I had to sit thru less horrible
Guys are already sketchy.
what's up with the random Man U fake as hell fans
Just went thru our followers and made sure everyone was followed back .! :) - Zaona
yeah going to get my mama from beauty shop
Happy Thanksgiving girls! <3
Momma loves the iTunes thing we should have done this slot earlier<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm only being civil with this chick because today is my son bday so I'm not gonna FLASH OUT.
New Twitter button!
so excited to have the Gig of a lifetime Doing the IPL Opening ! w
fuck yeah blowin up 's toilet
Saw you on TV with seats along the side of the field during Sounders game v Galaxy last night. Sweet seats!!
Love it! Great connecting with you on here, also!
Music Video Shoot Today
#Genealogy Who in Virginia has any Original family records f/ Philip Rutherford & Elizabeth Evans? He was born somewhere to? bet 1774-80
when will you ever learn a language on your own? Never. I can look at piles of advertising "education" online and learn it.
Rayle' done knocked my whole plate of food down, she bout 2 get beat up,
Black people take forever to order food
am I really up watching the royal wedding? Sometimes I amaze myself.
Oh hi, I remember when you were just a wee little guy with 1k subs. Nice to see you've come so far!
Teachers are always under threat of litigation. as they are protected by schools who have deep pockets.
Correction from previous tweet, GOP Sen. Terry Moulton is from Chippewa Falls. Van Wanggaard is from Racine
Yes! “: could you play the song time is love!? Its been stuck in my head all day!”
On completely unrelated topic: I love the scene I just wrote.
I should have majored in Interior Design.
Our sub for Speech was on Big Time Rush omg hahaha
thinks she is going to finish 3 projects today-that is very promising
Both an art & a science. RT : The chief activities at #THATCamp Gov will be filling out forms. Creatively.
filling another need. What do you think? What did we give up?
Why did I love her? Because it was her; because it was me. Montaigne
“: well how did you survive in ethiopia????” I haven't been there since I was 3! Lol
I'm dying to see that!
#SandersSunday !! So excited to see
The Mexican and USA national teams. Talkin about World Cup 2014
yup yup
It's not what we have, it's who we have in our life that counts. I'm so grateful to have some pretty amazing people in my life!!!
In our weekly Board of Directors' meeting
Because I love the opportunity to be snarky and talk to myself here on twitter. ;)
Isn't your bride wanting a Times wedding announcement with a picture of only her a sign to run like hell?
follow me? :)
why couldn't victor ortiz get a Rematch or maybe somebody like andre berto get a shot! No offense but cotto over the hill
hey ya never know Ben. It could have been your way of coming out Haha
miss you too Loren :))
ugh. This would suck and btw, hope u r rooting for Knicks! What u think bout bears draft?
Just told the to go fuck themselves..in a written response to their "Special Offer" for me to pay for their website. So satisfying!
I went from feeling accomplished to dejected in 2 hours.
Post World War II world, we had lion's share of all the stuff. Nations have prospered, markets have shrunk. And competition. Shift has come
Sad how people can't recognize how hypocritical they can be and can own up to the fact that what they did was wrong too.
Wishing a birthday filled with friends, sugary treats and bubbly drinks!
I feel like I'm forgetting something important...
Anytime. We love the work that you do and we're just glad to help in any way that we can.
// Can we come with you? India Palace is so good!
no not tonight
Baby boom happens every time we are in a recession just cuz us teens ain't got shit else to do(: lmao
See you at 8:30 on Davis Island!
Is about to announce that 5 out of 5 mothers (ours) approve the use of Point Imaging as your visual marketing solutions provider!
Follow me in instagram ill follow back maria20198
well hello!
Tradigital as in 'not hot'?
just hearing them talk about their plans (i heard shake shack somewhere in there) makes me so jealous
Well ya, they're so dirty!
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE YOU WILL NOT REGRET THIS!! GO FOLLOW her music is just amazing gogogogogo please :3 thanks!
Definitely just tried to swipe my debit card where I needed to swipe my metro card
I agree! I'm so stoked for summer this year. 6 concerts right now, then I'm also going to the mint with Allstar next month!
yep! And make some too!
WE JUST FINISHED A MARATHON OF ALL 3 SEASONS OF RHoNY. WE LOVE U EVEN MORE AND WANT U BACK ON TV WEEKLY!!!!
they are there now! spring academics-kl
Vomit burps <
My Packers played like shit today, and did not deserve to win. JFinley you are worthless. Ugly game by everybody.
love the new icon ms mena
Tweet LIVE with me during the premiere of FAMILY AFFAIR on OWN - tomorrow night, Thurs @ 9/8c. Set your DVRs, Tune in and Tweet
If they're dumb enough to walk away... be smart enough to let them go.
They should kill it for all platforms. And Windows while they're at it. They can leave Excel - it's pretty cool.
RT The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious. -John Sculley
my mouth is burning! :O
Please follow
im done for the night later losers
First #ignitesf talk: all about rejection. "It's amazing what can happen when you put yourself out there." <--- good lesson for me
Have you seen our cool Tiffany billboard on I-25 near Montgomery? Thanks for all the hard work Clear Channel! It looks great!
Hit a brother up.
Just realized I have to put my clothes in the dryer. Fml. Lol
This is going to be the mother load of #toads I need lots of prayers.... And alcohol.
Ur still argue ma to me
My top 6 songs played from my iTunes is
Dad: "You should be ashamed, when Abe Lincoln was your age he chopped wood for a living." Lazy Son: "When he was your age he was President."
Jonah Hill is an awesome actor! I mean he has been wearing that fat suit his entire acting career. That is dedication! Suck it De Niro!
Start your weekend off right with - Theme: Speakeasy When: 9 PM - 2 AM Where: Reason: Philanthropic fun
awesome movie about aliens & human being. astrobiology at it's finest! marine biology, life & chemistry! Aliens of the Deep doc
RT Bloggers become influencers because they have a platform and passion for what they do. Tap into their interests.
on .amazon they have a autograph picture of sterling personal by him :)
Public service announcement... You may resume your #wwf and #drawsomething games! #pcbw comes to a close tonight.
Don't know if I will be able to sleep after witnessing Ailey Co. Staging of Naharin's Minus 16. Playing with barriers
GIRL, i'm always in a state of "getting hungry" -lisa
Royal couple are gay
Atleast come up with some NEW songs if you are gonna steal country music $
A little extra boost from beating Philly and NY?
great perspective, that so many of us went through! Always amazed me how the jaw drops when you get real on money n markets
thank you :) turtles are way rad. You cant deny them
Juwan Hung up on me :/
Congrats on the birth of your baby girl! Love the name Emma!
And saw #johnbarrowman on #myfamily earlier too, so it's been an entertaining night of programming!
Back in KC working with www.2dawgscopies.com and www.gold4goods.com
Thanks for the tip : )
Tired of this major ish. It's my birthday! Leave me alone!
thanks for the follow...coming to Nashville anytime soon?
reading those makes me feel ugly, fat, poor, stupid.
Kids love learning that involves their senses: touch, hear, move, see speech/language learning the sensory way!
Hoe's down,G's up!
Contemptuous , dishonest, & who knows what else ERIC HOLDER wants to sue SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO ? GMAFBRK.
Pat Summitt steps down, Dick Clark passes away. ... tough day. ...
thanks for planning vacation for us....lol
got my phone swatted across the room in basketball practice. #ugh DUDE, YOU BROKE MY CASE!
What did you shoot that video on? Great work.
get ready for the creek tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008D> <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Put your boobs away, get your butt off the sink, smile, put your middle finger down, respect yourself, THEN see how many guys ”respect” you.
Posting video on your website of your latest trade show successes is a tremendous way to nudge the fence-sitters to attend next time.
you know it.
Capital One is hosting its Summit for Developing Leaders for top College Freshmen & Sophomores this week
Got a new useful book today
thanks for the goal, nice to get that first home win. You leave everything on the field, that's all we can ask!
i am talking to mey best friend today .. Before i say she is and i am going to cross you think what can i do? But you'll n ...
This weeks fantasy loss will be the Patriots, Reggie Bush, and my crappy WR's faults. UGH. Go BEARS!
Holy shit I'm exhausted. I just got back from the office... Eastern time...
Looking for a new car!
Dinner Ethnic Gourmet Chicken Pad Thai, Poland Springs, yum yum yum
LOL! Help! I should call you. I have TweetDeck up but I can't figure out how to reply without going to the Twitter web site!
Lunch is over! Let's get this day over!
That's ok! Tune in on Fox to watch ! Thanks for your support!
Worst #superbowl half time show I've ever seen!!!
want to join us tonight at Flux2012 to celebrate foster kids who are graduating? DM me.
Sounds like a killer class!!
Remember when we were kid and had the tents and tunnels in our backyard?
next time i see you
I honestly have no idea whats gunna go down tomorrow.
20 girls scheduled tonight & tomorrow. Over half brand new ones. So come start your weekend off right at Exotica!
COPY EDITS.
ok just kidding this tiny green pen is really cool. I owe you man
you and need to hop off his virgin package.
The intersection at University/23rd is a fucking death trap with left turns not having an arrow. That driver is lucky I'm not sucidal today.
It'll all getting better in time
#YouWasSexyUntil I saw you up-close..
a real man of course.
whos heading out there?
I MISS YOU TOO!
Beware the beard, Peter Kavic runs #LAMarathon. Congrats bud!
TONY GOT GAME
i knew I could count on you ;)
thanks for the tip! Hadn't yet chosen a 4pm session. Parrington/Kelly on Automated Consent in S63: I'll B there.
Disneyland is the happiest place on earth.
People hating on President Obama hes trying 2 create work & save people jobs like the middle Class join him hes right.
Thanks. The issue of what's right or wrong sorta doesn't matter anymore, does it?
he not getting it at all, watch when his account gets disabled!! he should be lucky u even followed him
Please follow for a shoutout and a 100 followers back please they need some followers
Coolie :) RT : no time today :( tomorrow we juice!!! Will be especially nice after 8 miler!!!
"We're a favorite setting for private parties, #banquets, and #family celebrations. Call (317) 264-3585 to speak to a catering consultant!"
Dean of KU Libraries talking about new Digital Scholarship centers and librarians at KU
The King obviously Haha
i'm the type of person that will always care about you, no matter what you put me through
Delicious baklava at Phoenicia Specialty Foods. Finding the place was such a happy accident! Lovely staff too!
Something missing on your stuff
Who said that?! Cause I've been asking
Congratulations to client for an amazing run on the anchor leg of the Men's 4x400 Race.
please please please pleasee- follow me.?! && help me trend #playniceirene && #Pray4EastCoast .?! Much love-Leah<3
Would love to win giveaway of a copy of Scandinavian Classic Baking! My 1/2 Swede hubby would be delighted. Sweet buns.
NW the hot chick
Yeah, I thought it was a little thin/sweet on its own. Good in coffee, though! Almond milk is still my fave by far. What's yours?
Have a fun and safe Cinco de Mayo. The Zingaro has doors up at Tractor in nob hill
dont you be holding back your love.
RT : #Gators win their fifth consecutive Sweet 16 game, advance to Elite 8 to face Louisville with 68-58 win over Marquette.
I need my hair dne again... Uugghh think imma change up this summer it's gon b 2 hot 4 a wrap
Do me a favor save that
I dont even know .
Cats fed. Rain, rain, rain.
FBI agents, lottery tickets and dream houses. Just another day at Humphrey's Flowers.
Our pleasure...great laughs to be sure!
Big shoutouts to Airswimmers for making not one, but two Jeopardy cameos.
Shout out to ! #ff =D
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies. Eat
ABA community- Who has a creative examples of a stimulus change decrement!
another good student suggestion for improving IT service: incl IT on student tours.
I got april fooled by one of my friends
Yaaay back on twitter............ Gonna try to do the cinnamon challenge :D
Good Morning TikiDolls, let's be sure that every move we make is productive and fashionable! #Tiki (:
VZW bills in advance. Tmo will start billing in advance for new customers. New change in May.
This week is really flying past me though..
P.S. - That pink lemonade is tha BOMB. Best flavor ever. :)
thanks for following!
<U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> keep it G daddy-O
My last ever Teen Court was tonight, thank you to everyone and I'm really gonna miss you guys.
Cuz She Ask If We New Yu Nd We Was Lyk Yeah Dats Our Bro .
Unfortunately I've been busy planning our own conference, which starts tomorrow. But please give me a shout later this week!
WONDERING WHY AM SUCH A FOOL FOR LOVIN' YOU.
Happy 30th birthday to ! He's going to be a great candidate in OKC's HD 87
here's always a certain line in every song that sticks out because it reminds you of a person that you just can't forget.
ah! i need your number, text me lol
There's something about bragging about working the big union bosses for more $$$. Typical politician!
Happy Mother's Day, have some wine and peace and quiet! xoxox
Add two more properties to the stable!
you couldent have said that any better
TWITTER :D
Yep. It's only game one. Not too worried. Lake Show just came off a grueling series. Hopefully, they'll come back hungrier.
was a good show. Just saw another side to him. Get tired of him always being combative. Good to see depth of character.
Made 45 bucks tonight...I just wish I knew how what I like about you ended...
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>I wannah get married
Team CeeLo is way better than Team Adam. All three top singers beat all of Adam's top singers.
Wanna be piss off!...but the truth is ders nuthin for me to be mad about.
used to do Ray Charles impressions.
oh yeah! and BSB can perform at the wedding! :) haha
Really didnt wanna miss school today :(
I just found a white eyebrow hair. I feel faint. Send cupcakes & Xanax, please!!
Listening to fight with some speak-your-message software. Way too funny. It's not even close
Congrats to you. You truly deserve it.
RT : RT : I don´t give a damn about bad reputation (8)
This would happen today!! Yea ima be pissed its one of them days
What a great way to christen a new stadium, get there Lohse!
el flu jajajjaja
driving? spring break with the boy? college tours?
#tallwomenappreciationday wow its today i didnt mark it down on my calendar sob i guess have a tall woman and seduce her
31 is sick!
keep your head up ohh ohh... Sorry I had to! You know you're the bigger person! Love ya
Follow Friday
Tune in to Matt Gilman at #onething11 Lovesick Clothing onstage.
Nice.. So what you up to today?
we charge for post 1970s feature films (not docs, tv series, oldies). A handful of libraries in the area still do so.
Just finished watching love Jones...now im all mushy inside....sigh
Again, don't understand how this really busy solo relates to the laid back melody.
Hosni Mubark- the Brett Favre of world politic
What do you get if you cross a tiger with a sheep ? A stripey sweater !
ha ha
“: While your ignoring her, He's giving her attention...While you give her problems, He's willing to listen...” <3
Going to #JourneyChurch for the first time today, need a home church since I moved back to Raleigh, NC. I'll tweet after service.
fa sho dude thanks I'm just really sore
I'm in Alabama! Yeah!
KOPY IM ON IT NOW
'Teen programs are the Trojan horses of museum programming.' Trust goes both ways... And think I just heard the word net-nanny.
word. you learn to pick better shots, and find photographable moments in daily life. definitely worth it!
#IGetJealousOf tweeting to other girls but not tweeting me! :(
Aww, cool. Glad you enjoyed it! Great to see you again :)
its JUST twitter. Its not like your voting for yourself for president.
i just think sam is secretly jealous she can't join in cause she doesn't know the lyrics as well as us. bahahahaha.
Hm, interesting theory. Delusional, but interesting.
Thanks for hosting the ping pong tourney last night!
Thank you, Kia!
aha he'll yeah bro
Thanks!! Let's catch up soon!
Got my face on for the new "Make it or Bake it" we are taping tonight!!
well hopefully the snow dont mess up plans
If any of these ungodly, masked heathens knock on my door, I'm going to read political definitions to them. >:-\
lol and now the past anger is a secret! Lol
Any plans to head outdoors this weekend? Maybe for some #fishing, #hiking, or #shooting?
Good thing i decided to b a front row sitter for the first time in history. SMH
You can turn painful situations around through laughter
Ahem. I meant when I tweeted you yesterday. :)
Like your Georgetown hat. Go Hoyas and Otto Porter
“It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.” <U+2015> André Gide
Thank you for the follow back!
Break a leg COWBOYS
Why is it that i love you and hate you at the same time?
I am wonderful. Really couldnt be mug better, thanks for asking. But how r u?
Yayyerz!! We are like long lost twins XD
Random questions being asked around the office lately like, "Do chickens have tails?"
Probably a good scene if it draws that kind of emotion.
Does anyone know any beverage distributors
S/o to all my followers Keep it real and ill promo u
So stoked for St. Pat's Day! Long day of drinks #Sacpubcrawl on the list, just to start!
where in the world is carmen san diego
cabbie told me jazz is the gateway to meditation & introspection; talk about profound
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo understand my crazy life and never get mad at me for anything and <3
Cool stuff, and then again, always writes cool stuff.
31-3 we did what we were suppose to do up next Clemson lets get ready CANES FANS
Everybody pays for sh*t they don't want ... Send me my reimbursement for the Iraq war brilliant as usual
#IADMIT I Get A Little Freaky Around You... You Start It but I Just Finish It
Debut album - no preservatives
Going to PP for some RARA tonight.
does anyone know a good place around downtown to get some cornrows?
Haha. Momo let's pay our respects to Mr Marley later.
where's my invite
K so super excited for aesop rock tonight in boulder!
Giving thanks for all of the blessings in my life. I am so happy to know you! much love, kim
Living in my memories, cause what I'm doing now just isn't relevant. I need a new action plan!
Surly Abrasive just landed... May not last long, though.
had a great dinner with wonderful USC folks, but now it's time for some Beatles Rock Band!
...i know the feeling! my sweetheart pre-ordered the DVDs for me as a gift. <3
Is everyone else's instagram working?
When that happens to me, I can usually still find them under my Following list, but I need to re-punch the Follow button. Weird.
lets get in this shit we can make her find somewhere
The "Wahoowa" heard 'round the world--Chris Canty's Super Bowl pregame intro to more than 100,000 million viewers.
I also made twitter for destery too.:3<3 follow me;3
RT ": Meeting with to make big things happen!" yes ma'am!
I don't know what I'm going to do with myself since ALL of my favorite shows have ended their season finales,
It prolly ain't all good BUT it's gone be alright
back in BrisVegas after 2 weeks in Sydney and Melbourne. Busy, busy. Heading to TX soon!
awwh i miss you too hun !! i been GOOD & you !! yeah sure,, awhh i would love it if Jason followed me
Getting started at UB for the entrepreneur event. Dean Smith is talking about the passion of entrepreneurship here in Baltimore.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
I'd rather spend money, I don't want to spend time.
good morning ms.prettyp and friends happy wednesday to you
Awesome! Yea, he's great.
yeah man I'm doing a little work for the communications/pr dept
Canon U.S.A. Updates Large Format Printers to Improve Convenience and Versatility for Growing Market
Next game is 5/26. We can be the cheering section with !
mansquito is amazing but not quite on par with dinoshark #it'snotasfunwithoutthecheesydialogue
I'm always the naked guy in the audience. That way the speaker doesn't have to worry about picturing me naked.
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward. ;D
good! Haha :b
that's what I'm hearing. Fog everywhere!
I think I like this look.
RT For a chance to win FREE stuff from
Off to see the,avengers
Miami Heat!!!! You ?
thank YOU!
If the Brewers beat the Cardinals, Taco Bell should give away free Rally Squirrel Chalupas in Milwaukee.
So fun! We especially love the cassette tape!
really, BA is the way to go.
I'm a little dangerous if you get me around data. But, it's important and I enjoy it. So... I'm jumping in today.
Did I read correctly that Melky Cabrera has a .300 plus BA? Good thing we gave him away for Javy Vasquez.... Smh...
Woke up at 12:30, got breakfast with some of the residents. chillin like a villian planning for the week.
It was provided during a Disney leadership training from one of Disney's senior consultants. I'll work on getting a reference.
Thanks so much for coming to on Saturday- very nice to see you!
SU's Kris Joseph needs to grow a pair. I once thought he was NBA material. No more.
I picked him late in my fantasy draft...I thought for sure he was gonna tear it up this year! Thank god I haven't started him yet
Further militarization of drug war?
Thanks, will do!
I recognize Dani and Vicki in that pic. ;)
"A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough." - Christian Nestell Bovee
What's next a swarm of locusts?
Me too, can anyone out there expedite this?
I feel ya! You should rep your home team. I rep #TeamMavs #MavsNation #MFFL I #BleedBlueandBlack Win or lose :-)
:o Omg, I'm getting chills..
Monday Karaoke returns to Downtown Milwaukee tonight at Rustys old 50 (730 n old world 3rd st) hosted by Robby Pinstripes
I cant wait for my mom to go on her cruise
dam stalkinng neigbors. Good luck with that
Awwwready RT : & <--- dem my Dj's go follow asap
U obviously haven't been listening to Hollywood lately. And Hollywood knows all.
Just delete it and follow us instead... we're much more fun! Your BFFs
Get the right people assigned: "if people think blogs suck they'll write sucky blogs" #contenttour Baltimore
Two new crazy smash hitzzzzzzzz. YES!!
thanks! hope you squeeze in some LA art this weekend :)
thanks for the add
...umn Attic in hopes that I may be able to spread his name to the broken youth and those who do not know his name. I hope to do this thr...
"people don't die from alcohol poisoning anymore"..... well said
I love yoga pants! No buttons, no zippers, you just pull them up......like toddler pants only for lazy grown people. LOL! ~ Lisa Morgan
Sad,Angry,Hopeless....You?
now we both know that ain't true..
that is just a myth
Hey there - I can't because I'm going to a event already!
Filing BK triggers an automatic, freezing all the debtors' assets and protecting it from any action taken upon that property by creditors.
Almost done with my tanning consultant degree. Woohoo(:
thats crazy mines are unpredictable they get veiny whenever they feel lol
Night! :D
just has to survive one more day of work before a day off
Glad you came RT : Our visit to at
I think about you 24/7
how fun! I lived there last year. I'm sure they'll show you a great time! What kind of project are you working on?
Thanks for the follow! We're looking for non-profits to help raise awareness of. Email us at !
What part of Mizzou are you in? I spent many summers in Webster groves as a kid.
Holla! RT : and I agree is fantastic!
New things coming your way!
the same hahaa :p
Cruz makes me :)
Movie Tavern!! With the fam!
Is prepping for 4th of July weekend. Sailing and cookouts and booze! Oh my!
I <3 you too.
Not wanting to go to biology with -__- shoulda gotten to school a little later like I normally would lol
says "sourcing sucks". Ask Jerry what he means. G'ahead. Give him a platform.
It is a dark & stormy night...following a dark & stormy day. 40 deg. drop in temp in 24 hrs. flooding. high winds.
Thank You DJs for your help with 's
“: I'm in Hawaii!!!” cool that's where I am from!
tryin to get more involved
Your in recovery now! :D
for the record.. no we did not choose efg because abc was taken...
I'm the Emerald City not the Tacky Gold City.
Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas. Happy Mother's Day.
Smithsonian's forensic anthropologist Doug Owsley about to give the keynote at
really wish you were sitting next to me on this plane so I could dust you. Ill tell the fellas at the dispensery hello for you.
Going to sleep
When was the last time you thought of me? Or have you completely erased me from your memory?
okay man.
laugh out loud , shout out loud at this timing > i dare you . hehehe !
Plz keep us updated on upcoming events! We'd love to partner & continue connecting!
You know EMAC is the right program for you if: you spent your whole spring break following SXSWi panels.
I try, but the money is good so I don't want to slow down.
hahaha AI for life
Wait, what? RT Why does chocolate frozen custard always remind me of , and vice versa?
Gay.. Asains cant see
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card playoff lingering teams injuries. I would love to see them stay healthy for once
#ScariestWordsEver I have a dream.
Idk man, I just want Josh Hutcherson.
I need a boat and that need a lake
At the movies with my boo nd Kyle nd Brenna
RT : Not a fan of people speaking foreign languages while making my food.
Deshaun Thomas is on FIRE!
RT Hobo with a Shotgun Fri & Sat at 11p RT Know of any good events in #Milwaukee ? Tweet us
I am gonna eat like a total fat kid until Monday when I start the p90x. Kind of like the whole last supper deal.
Little children are pure comedy lol
Official oh look out velcro belt coming to a Walgreens near you.
Need help with ? Attend the "Twitter Town Hall" using #askFAFSA this Thursday (1/26) at 4:30 p.m. EST!
im at a payphoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee <U+2606><U+2764><U+2600>
Today! Good&Beautiful Pool Party @ Viceroy Hotel Feat.
yeah I'm actually really happy for him and not disappointed! he's happy, I'm happy and that's how it will always be!
haha heck yeah. After they locked the doors during the raids, my room window became our way to escape.
realized the muppets have a twitter page. its been a good day.
Baseball and jazz. Two American art forms.
In the discovery bay all vehicles are meticulously disassembled and estimated to get all supplemental damage on the initial estimate.
haha absolutely! How are you?
SS, don't tell Noobodeee RT haha u a mess so u like chocalate dick?
No, just share. #TheBertShow is in our company/family. We love those guys/girls!
Lot's of Voilleyball in the park this Summer. You ready for another season?
Yesterday, you said tomorrow.
So I am too excited to go to this concert! Today is going to be the bast day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<33333333333
the best center in the league is comically bad on pick and rolls in a league where 70% of the action is PnR
I want to be happy
Loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a star. You know you'll never reach it, but you just got to keep trying.
his tweeter is
Life is better in the Summer
I'm on a plane. I'll be in paradise in T minus 6 hours.
Happy Birthday Lorenzo! God's blessings my friend.
guys, PLEASE stop unfollowing me. I know that i dont log on much, but after finals this week i will be online A LOT
don't have to worry about sf-ny. lambeau will be insane, packers may start slow but will roll. The philbi sit. will inspire.
Playing Wii with Emily after her dominating victory this morning.
how is everyone's day? it's rainy and miserable in NYC and I have class until 7 :( hope y'all have a happier day!
Out of all the days in the world, I just had to pick today to become sick. ;/
M, great weather for ICE CREAM! Buy one get one free Sunday at Leatherby's, exclusively with Qponomics. Download app for more details.
lmao sorry:-( I work tomorrow from 4 to close and wed 3 to close, come by so i can see ur face:-)
Is it relief, pure excitement, or straight up fear when you hit the "SEND" button on an #email #newsletter. For me, it's all.
It was so fun meeting you guys last night! Hope we get to see you again soon.
#Flex is a monster #cadilac truck
!.-~+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
having a lovely skype session with my roomie #missedher (:
If You Can't Trust Me, Why Would I Want To Be In A Relationship With You?
it's a fair question. As uni budgets get cut, scholars need to think about this. We don't want our uni presses turned . . .
I was never derelict in my duty. Parker's behavior was shameful.
At the roanoker with the fam
Your welcome! I look forward to connecting with you soon.
Smoking a Partagas Black, drinking cheap red wine. And I'm grateful for Christmas this year.
I’ll watch as you turn your life to gold and Look down on me as I start to carve mine out of stone
I can't imagine the Crestwood one is either. Never see anyone in there.
To truly accept a blessing, you must embrace some pressing. - Coach Leslie
I'm probably an alcoholic
haha. thanks. no sweeps in that one. but alot of string skipping.
I really do adore the Duggars
Parked in the middle of the road
What is your favorite french film?
The male nature disgusts me!!
booboo! What are you doing all the way up here?
how to get started??
When I listen to music on my android with beatsaudio I feel like when he drives his Chrysler.
yea they be lookin like anything wit a P that walks by is "like dat"...it be funny
so sorry for your loss (whenever it was).... Much love
I hate when people make u do stuff u dnt wanna do like go to church for example
Poythress' second dunk goes for only 51 points, giving him a total of 115.
I don't have enough patience to lay out #foreverpale <U+2600>
we will give you a ride. and i am too. i hate everyone there too. we wont be there for long, we can do something after
Good stuff!
The #Nuggets are really killing the #Lakers lol!!! Ty Lawson getting it done!!
Working on a lot of things going be a benefit
omg i tryed that before. It was fun at the begining and then it hurt.
Mother&#39;s Day Feature Package
is slow as can be today. Lots of 500 internal server errors. Really should just bite the bullet & go through the pain of switching.
Sunday April 22nd 11AM to 3PM Ritz Plaza Park, 235 W 48th Street join us at sales event with Earth Day Expo Natural Awakenings Magazine
We're sorry. This comment has been censored by sopa.
Lol. It's is a really cute one. I just signed up on 2/16. I'm so new to this. I've loved Scentsy for years though.
Think about what you like or love to do and create your own brand or company. The people you currently work for did it, so can you!!!!
Nice. I'm kinda jealous.
aww hope you're feeling better.<U+2764>
Idk y I have so much energy today just finished running and Im not one bit tired hm well guess ill just have to run twice today :D
that looks awesome!!!
Even Some Of These Old Heads Out Here Still Lost
Hope You Have A Good Day Too :)
haha! You rock, ladies. Skip the make-up, just let me join one of your challenges some day.
I do not care who wins between Obama and Romney but,the Gay Rights issue is being USED as a diversion.The Gay Community should be outraged.
Too many memories to name where the Beastie Boys served as the soundtrack.
baby u alright u was doing good I swear u an my bm are # 2 of the same kind
y'all need to quitnlmao
THERE'S an image that will stay with me!
We sure do! RT: #cancer will play the same playlist of songs on repeat for hours"
me too. Jules' book is in need of lots of notes. Time flies.
"You think dogs will not be in heaven? I tell you, they will be there long before any of us" ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
GOD DAMN IT IT IS HOT OUT
you're very welcome!
at a bar called o'maleys!
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
couldn't find the exact shirt but casualindustrees.com is a sick WA-based company that sells local graphic tees.
thunder only happens when it's raining
[instagram photo of me and my mom]
Patty cakes at ESL tonight! He goes the hardest and the nearest!
You can most certainly help others through your thoughts, and they can help you. Every good thought you send to another is a living force.
it's ok, my iPod solved that problem, it was
HI AUSTIN'S WIFE?!
Singing to the top of my lungs with when driving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> love her!!
f*ck it i'm bouta go get some chipotle
Big Bill is too big to fail!
Library Week begins Monday April 10th! How will you celebrate #nlw12 ? We have some events up our sleeves, too!
Thanks for the rec. I'm not sure when I'll embark on such a project. What drew you into programming work? Any notable projects?
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Island-Funtime Digi-Detox is over and I'm ready for action!
... and cue sudden heavy rain... (and is that hail?)
None to be found with #packers RT : Thankfully, the FM Acro gymnastics team is here to provide some quality entertainment.
Great show huh?! I'm pretty sure I had a small concussion in the pit for Weezer (haha), but so worth it! :D
Do to others what you want done to you! You can't tie any wicked deeds to Almighty God! Your deeds are approved by your god the devil.
“: I know right 2 times in one day! Lol” now I can rt you all I like:)
WOW, Here you are, I love you guyss! <3
Pure awesomeness
#nowplaying On My Mind by (: <3
they're all already pressflow merged. No option not to have it and was just making confusion. ;)
I Wanna Go Surfing..... Sounds Fun
I want a guy to write me a song and sing it to me <3 that would make my dream come true! that would win my heart!
I am dating Tila! - RT can grandpa have some fun with u some time?
Politicians are the same the world over: they promise to build a bridge even when there is no river. ~ Nikita Khrushchev
We can live like Jack and Sally if we want.
What happened to Bmore?
'ordinary' is a very odd word to use.
Interesting first 90 min with and at Columbia fair use event
don't play I'll be one. or the chick from Pokemon.
Tanning during class >
Balla! Good luckRT : Playing sand volleyball in this weather cause I don't give 2 F**ks
More room for the rest of us. ": One of my clients refused to have his checks sent to our office. He's no longer my client."
I love you :)
It was so great to see yesterday! I don't get to see my friends nearly enough.
No collusion. Publishers set own prices for e-books. HTML5 online & offline e-reading. Reach billions. Avoid closed ecosystems and the DOJ.
This isn't how I expected to spend my day.
Ok iPhone/AT&T. You're cool and sexy and all that, but will you please just make a phone call for me right now? How hard can that BE???
Modern man is adequately self-conscious of religion, but his worshipful customs discredited by by his accelerated social metamorphosis..,
Mission accomplish.
Happy Labor Day Weekend!
Oh no no no no RT : Kenyon Martin can't guard Tim Duncan in the post
in Austin the paper fights reviews that aren't about local artists in local institutions.The rest is left to the blogs.
Nice! Hafta come see you in CT. I may have some news soon. I'll keep you posted.
White Mississippi boys with saggin' gangsta draws...???
creepy! I hope your AC ResLife experience with THE SHADOW came in handy ;-)
chain? Maggiano's
I'm 's #MrsRight because i luv learning new things from them everyday i have great hope that they will there #MrsRight 1day.
Just signed up for tungle.me. This is my last ditch effort before breaking down and getting a personal/virtual assistant. *fingers crossed*
I want you!
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
It's reassuring to hear that writing about one's own life can be this tricky, and as successful as "Language..." was.
Thats all I can ask... congrats on the rush. Look for an email from Tim Meleca, he is our Proj Mgr.
awww :) how's everything over there in slavery...I mean Mary Mac's?
Try it at Their okra is great.
What happened to Korpikoski, NBC Sports has said nothing
thanks for the shout out mate! Have a nice weekend.
Is really tweeting himself right now..
Day 2 cocktail reception is beginning now at the Phoenician
I'm a little disappointed in the choices of guys now a days smh. We can't have a relationship because you don't know what my sex is like?
Never regret anything that make you smile- InSpotter mobile app
I wanna Catch Sumones Fade!!!!!!!!
The orange crush is back !!
I mean unlike you I know how to talk salgagolo no aubeni it is salgado
good! Just wrapping up. How's life going? :)p
hope to have bacon cinnamon roles! And lots of them!
Her and I are friends now! We hang out after DSO concerts baha
Thanks for the RTs
feel free to take advantage of the offer :) Only 100 Avail
I love what is up to. Go buy some merch and wear quality Cleveland threads.
Fortunately, no.
LOL Almost except instead of coffee I take in lemonade.
Eli Manning hosting SNL this week...please please please do another take of "The Californians" with him involved.
I'm djing tonight (sunday) at the pistol...come by
whoa now I got a dog as my avi...haha bu Philly fans still suck
This morning our #volunteers helped us serve around 139 meals to the #hungry and #homeless in #ColumbiaHeights,
Dont you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine<3
Exercise reduces risk of prostate cancer & also slows the progression of the disease in those who have it.
am starting w/you 1st wk of june when i get settled into new apt...running on treadmill until then...it's on!
ZuZu is the place to be this morning!!! Get there and get some fresh handmade tacos. A lot of other people sre
noo :I I'm done with it..
I AM ROLLING TO A F R I C A im dying
just out of sync !!! Here they come!!! Da Bulls!!!
See you all tomorrow bright n' early!
I'm about to be in the same boat! White chocolate mocha..chocolate donuts..who knows what else I'll devour lol!
It`s a fake :D
RT : typical lebron getting pissed off for no reason except for granger bumping him as he came back down to the floor
Thanks for the info, sir.
Study Unique: PPT ON ROBOTICS IN SURGERY
why are people unfollowing and unlisting me?!
Shot. I could totally do that. Haha.
People fuckin irritating
Love to me is you. You told me I was the best girl ever,that you would change anything in the world just to be with me. Now that's love<3(:
I'm running scared now! Lol
I do not understand people who do not accept twitter as true purity.
me wants
Funny T-shirt – A Clear Conscience Black Tee Shirt
Shit will never be the same no more ! #Pain&Gain
We have some exciting things in place for the month of February! Make sure you get in on it!
that's a close second, but I for sure have Alaskan fever!
twitter is so dead. where them girls at girls at?
okay -- you guys are way cool! I love the library
BTW, do you draw up a full 1st round for all teams? I'd be interested in reading that and your thoughts.
: Ooh! This looks like it will be right up my alley. Thanks for the rec! :)
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Qtr lb Beef, and Polish Beef today for $2.50! Triple Chocolate Brownies w Walnuts! !!!!!love using !!!!!!
Santa is at BullFish until 12 pm. Bring your camera!
CALL HIM UP AND TELL HIM WHAT YOU WANT
I'm underneath the dryer and this crazy lady BULLY me out of my Seat,but I'm not going to do anything because she is REALLY CRAZY..
#Mayweather rolling shoulder + counterpunch is his main weapon
I just saw that commercial too!...ha..
just installed both astrid and the power pack from market on a droid x. The add to calendar function and the widget both show
Thanks. This young team keeps surprising me.
hurry up!!!!:) just at mcdonalds eating a smoothie! Lol
Thanks! Appreciate the follow too.
Have any set times for tonight?
Ryan Kwanten, you'll always be Jason Stackhouse to me.
": How can you say you took a fall when you never stood tall?"
I just saw that hockey photo and I don't think it's very funny ! OK, it's kinda funny.
There is something about manhattan in springtime~~
I took this course and all I got out of it was a blog post & the realization that big data is hard ;) JP
did you reach the end yet?!
What if the men's and women's finals coaches had to swap suits?
love scones! Do you make a cinnamon scone? Do share! not homemade, but sells the best cinnamon scones!
I let you be you, I left you alone and you got what you wanted just leave it at that
Killing myself
Staff got some great ATL-GB NFL playoff photos today. Too bad for Falcons. Looking forward to J-E-T-S vs Pats tomorrow.
Everywhere I go I see either couples or skinny,pretty people.
Called out of work today...I feel like I was beat up by a pack of wrestlers, but want to siege the day like Ferris Bueller.
Hey all, since it's Magic Monday, can you all please follow cuz he is looking for more followers. Thanks!
Sees blood in the water and sharks circling. They're also pointing and laughing.
Today marked the day that mom became a gossiping church lady. She sent me an email about a burgeoning congregational scandal!
its not even my birthday, but he wanna lick the icing of <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Firehook Bakery of Capitol Hill offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
Sidenote: the 8-bit episode of Community from last night is wonderful.
Dirk Nowitzki throwing out first pitch for game 3. Can we let him throw the first few innings too? Probably throws better than Harrison.
Hey Liz, are you at #DBW? I am here for a break from editing for the next 3 days ;-)
I haven't forgotten about you. I need to write it out in a bit and I'll email it to ya!
My sister really stalks.
Awesome Amtrak story, Tony and Miles. You guys are great just riding the train. -Katrina
Way lot of fun w/ at #NWAGiveCamp today! Thanks for inviting me!
wow ngl it sounds fun (; <3
i should be doing my homework right now, but....... (:
Everything is annoying!
Sea of red at Greenbelt station means only one thing: chaos @ Gallery Place/Chinatown tonight
packers are kicking there ass!!! 17-0.
yay! Glad you are excited!
is it raining?
#VirginAmerica - I take it all back - once I got hold of a rep, things went very smoothly!!!! LIKE
haha good shit! They were heading to the museum I think
bring on the turkey and tryptophan!
My mom said if you can learn italian you can learn punjabi too. But I already know it! No you have to learn how to read and write.
Ew that's not cute. Rude.
workshifting.com - Since I started working at home, I have followed this blog feed. Good stuff.
thats real cray! just because u express how u feel? smh
Fruit smoothie for breakfast? And you think it's do much better than cereal. Sugars are sugars.
other account (harley) saw you've been sick :( are you okay? Told my dad and he said getting lost probably shook you :( x
DO YOU LIKE UNICORNS
I wouldn't pretend to tell you we don't pay our lawyers well.
Oh hell no they didn't just give me bbq sauce instead of chik fil a sauce
RT Uli's Sausage delivering 3000 lbs of sausage a day to Leavenworth. #iconG Tasting some now. German brats (Nürnberger!), Polish and more.
That's crazy talk. 36 degrees is hot, the only thing do to in that weather is drink margaritas in the shade.
Bro-in-law graduated with an RN and BS in nursing from
Also there's a DJ currently playing every reggae song I danced to in high school. Best day.
I finally realized that I can't get you off my mind <3
"My grandpa got fired from his Wal-Mart greeter job because he told 2 women MerryChristmas.Of course,it was August& he didn't have on pants"
Why am I late for #ISConf? Sitting in stand still traffic on Lakeshore Drive. Back to reality moment? Metaphor?
Why is my mom being so nice.. Its weird.
Stoked that you'll be at the meeting tomorrow!
Will do. Thanks.
When will the Pineda Kuroda deal/sighning wil be done and they will be introduces 2 Yankees.
Email me with the price of your current capper and I will beat that price! My prices will not be beat and the picks are MUCH BETTER
give me a cappuccino and watch me go!
So much to be grateful for this year!...it has truly been an amazing journey for me! #HappyThanksgiving! GobbleGobble!
I love you so much ok
Best couples in literature?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 105
Most welcome!
She printed out all his Tweets, of course he's scared. I smell lawsuit!
wow..i finally agree on something with you..!
:D your welcome!
Check out the site, we've got the Giants/Braves series recap plus a new section called "Featured" on things you should know.
Does anyone know of a free screencapture software that also includes shapes (arrows/circles) to be added immediately to the image?
It could happen.
RT This lost finale broadcast is excruciating. They're milking this for every ad they can. Insane.
Follow us on instragram for pics of upcoming merchandise we will have available. Name on instagram = munimax
Nothings up.
How to Build Support for Change During the 11th Hour is the draft of an article I am working on. I would love your comments. Please leave t…
im here right now!!
Pot may not be healthy for the heart, but it surely is for the soul
a tad cold and craving some coffee. Otherwise, wonderful! :) You?
June 10th, I'm pretty positive
Way hungry, burnt my right hand. Not gonna let it stop me from playing though.
Beautiful rendition of America the Beautiful by The MEDley's.
& , OMG YOU GUISE ARE TOO ADORABLE. <3 xx
looking forward to talking to you soon.
Can anybody find me somebody to love!?
That's how you supposed to live
Tell us who you want to see at this year's Indy Jazz Fest.
awww I would loeto meet you too
Our band to night is a rock band called "Voice of Reason"--- Smokin' hot female lead singer. We are goning to rock the night away!!!
Truth RT RIP Dick Clark. Along with Elvis and Chuck Berry, one of the most important men ever in the history of American pop music.
Thinking the #RDA toolkit should be free until RDA is actually/officially implemented.
says unions had a lot of political power, but they did not win last night.
WHOA whoa! Robinson is TOO cute!
Absolutely..busy is the way to be!
<~~~~ that one is. I'm just a fan account. I've said it before. I'm not chachi.
Thanks for the Shoutout!
Cars 2 is better than cars 1 n the last tinker bell movie is when the evil fairy bcause tinker bells best friends out know r 2 n 3 more 2 go
Figured out how to remove duplicates I think. Pretty easy! Just made sure local files came from my main music folder.
MoZer Composite Bats arrive this Thursday... We will have both a 110 & 243 model...Every composite bat will come with a 100 day warranty.
Well for one, I'm fucking awesome, so I'll make it work.
Three wide keeps it interesting.
yes, absolutely!
Hey , pretty sure one of my #portland neighbors is blasting you out their windows right now.
Thanks for the cosmic love! tinyurl.com/3w7crz8
hahaha im just watching for the drinks
still at dis school.. ima be down there around 7 doe
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP List or Bottle Service
Could I borrow your camera? Could you download the pix and mail them to me? Oh, can't you do it from this computer?
On NBC 6: has your weather in 2 minutes, I have story of a local husband on trial for his wife's bathroom death
ok thank you :)
We discuss it, but, as of now, have not decided to do that.
Thanks Bob!
happy birthday!!
If I won the lottery I would pay off my credit card, send parents on a nice vaycay, start a prod.co, and contribute to !
Okay, guys - Ye Olde King's Head has to be your next destination. Clearly, Matty already knows!
thank you! Sounds good! we are playing almost all different songs and will have a longer set!
you forgot me :(
Like us on Facebook... NOW!
there should be a relationship status for "i dont even know whats going on"
Thanks for the promo -- we're looking forward to the meeting and conversation!
let's talk we would love to
Getting checked in late&no 7th period >>>... I woke up early because...
RT : my Irish grandmother used to tell me "A man of words and not of deeds, is like a garden full of weeds." And she also used...
will let you know!
what people think of you and the possibilities for your dream, is none of your business- Les Brown
Feeling so good; I don't think I've felt this stress-free all semester!
HOW WAS IT?
Pankau urges aye b/c need to start on pension reform & health one of rapidly growing costs.
lol. He just couldn't keep his hands out of the cookie jar. Must've been better than oreos or girl scouts
I like that even though you have the word "news" in your name, you make no effort to be objective in your reporting. No shame.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. ~Stendhal
I see it as a Craigslist alternative but it will get annoying quick I suspect.
it's an investment 'hood...figure in 5-8 years it will be very different
Disgusting, but cool in that it really pushes the boundaries!
Make money!
hahahh, going to a party .... that we never knew about. ;)
You set me up to do great work & you'll do it again for me and others w/your book
Thanks boys for getting my email on air.
Web drs say type2 diabetics like me can have 2 beers/day. Cool. And easy to remember, even after 6 or 8 beers
Rock a doodle on netflix son.
yes ma'am lol
Wicked stoned
Yes, pairing is a must in places where wine has dominated the consciousnesses for so long. Pairings spark dialogue and peak curiosities.
did anyone mention THE EAGLE?
she's going to quit playing with my grade. messing with my B.A. i WILL NOT be finishing my B.A. for one class next semester.
#Redskins sign a #Mountaineer RT : ... Eain Smith to Washington and Cody Nutter to Tampa Bay
Yeah! I did! It was nerve-wrecking at first but everyone were just so nice:) & thanks for believing in me:) means a lot.
But if you were Batman you'd have all this stuff to do and I'm pretty sure the Batmobile needs an oil change. Too much trouble!
can we discuss this over some wine by the glass? Lol
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot. ~Plato
I'm really curious how she knows me and why she's stalking me lol
one of the most intriguing Twitter sites is by - advice for applicants to school and work. I'm enjoying it.
She did this on the Buchla synthesizer--one that didn't have a keyboard like the Moog
Super Bowl!!!
Wondering if I will ever become a PR Pro?!
after 4 days of the CMA music fest, its hard to find my way back to the gym
we went to Matt's for lunch, it was great. Night before, Truluck's with just immediate fam.
"Omg I love JB & 1D! They're so amazing!" Yeah Im sure you not totally just jumping on everyone else's bandwagon shit.
I won't steer you wrong...I'm gonna steer you strong.
My headset at work was not charged, so having to use my old one while it charges. This old wired one hurts my ears!
Omg, decisions!!! I need to watch #TSC but Gotta Kick It Up comes on in half an hour! :/
what studio was it?!
#ccweather 85* partly cloudy, great beach weather...in November!
why do you hate the bucks so much!
Go kings go!!!
RT! ": Springsteen will never get old."
Isn't that EVERY day on Twitter? No? Maybe I need bring some new talent into my feed...
we also gotta buy those tickets!!
oh i am def down!! ive actually never even gone to sips so you will have to show me the ropes!! ill get in around 530-45
just spent 3 and a half hours on a research paper....fuck you corbett.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if cell phones came with tasers? :)
-.- ur not a boss dude
May the best man win the final classes.
Good morning everyone. I hope every is doing today.
I want to be a legend in this industry of music and other forms of art.
I wonder what I should buy?
ah, the HAND cameo.... I thought that was Brian Oerly's menacing hand. No more trailers. Real deal please.
Why does she like layin on my phone like that? Chillin on the couch with my baby
Hey , send a crew to Coalinga to find out what the heck is doing there. Haha.
murder 1 guilty or not?
wait a sec lay of my boyfend carson ll im only joking babe =P
Bag just delivered. Not sure why the online tracking didn't work, or why the mix up happened, but glad to have this resolved.
They got better for a while, then they turned into crap again.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. -Jim Rohn
This morning was good, then i got up
RT : Nobody ever pays me in gum :(
waitressing/driving the drink cart at harbour trees golf club in noblesville! so next week we'll unite. deal?
at least it's nice weather
This heat game tonight was a shitshow, and too bad you didn't go last night. Good stories for you. All I do is win.
Bye-bye twitter ttyl after the dance lol love u guys and god bless
Thanks for the follow
so glad this cold is almost gone it seemed like it was just gone get worse and worse but it sure was fun giving it to everyone else...
I seriously wish I lived in Australia so I could be in the same country as and
I've had similar experiences. Computers age, and not just relative to newer machines. Odd phenomenon.
Not surprising, but the difference between giants and patriots post game parties is massive.
Oh? Wish I was there! ": Tired and bored with myself. Trying something new at Murphy's tonight. Statues at 10"
and we all know which one you prefer...
Looking forward to attending a class on Prospect Research Basics at the Foundation Center in New York this Saturday. #prospect research
just sleep in class! that's what i'd do . lol
LPR trains leaders to push forward the conservative agenda.
happy birthday to my mommy!!
Draft lottery... Here we come!
Thinking about what college i wanna go to
Preparing for the sweat lodge. Cornmeal, tobacco and sage.
thanks for the mention!
Like/love my Tweets or leave them, but quit the back and forth following. It's getting tiring.
ty..its just sad cuz my nephew says he wants to get a bed for him at my house for christmas to live here.it breaks my heart.
dim mak studios?? Fuck yeah my favorite spot. Btw your edit of ghosts n stuff has been in my sets for a yr now #beast!
RT : Keep tweeting! If #lastminute trends we will award a $250 Lands' End gift card!
Celebrating my non-selection to a jury at home with a White Russian.
Watching Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life . I like this movie series.
#cleanweb hackers ... do you have an API with energy data? #wattquiz wants it? Please DM us!
i did not agree to these terms and now he changed the rules so i have to wait over a fucking month till i can get my nose pierced
ah it's official!! Congrats bride . I can't wait to see pics on the blog!!
Don't go breaking my heart
and cousins and
You got to see it?! im jealous! :-) s'been crazy-fun busy lately & #TeenWolf wraps this week so not alotta TV been happenin lately
“The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean.” -Robert Louis Stevenson
Hey Angela! I hear I'm seeing you tonight!
My doctorate is in management science. That's why I remind folks that I'm just a grunt, not a #PTSD clinician. :-)
Am I the only one on Twitter whom got hacked today? No 1 has any advice how to fix this crap? Sigh pw changed apps blocked what's left?
i was here
I usually skip them if I get to frustrated and come back to them... If I ever do lol
I don't think I've ever laughed as much as I did at work today. Now that is a major accomplishment.
well its going 2 b a trip & The Fremont is working with us to make this a fun night! Can't wait! Hope to cu there!
I know so you will get the news first lol
When's it coming out?
Did you know that studies show that people who take public transp. lose more weight than those who drive themselves to work everyday?
Thanks, Go Local! :
I think it is time I linked up my facebook and twitter. Is this possible??
How can you make fun of others(Sid/HCDB), then be a coward and hide behind empty words. Looks to me like you have the skirt.
yes, my cousin/uncle pete!
I have to aggreeee
lol ... Watch your mouth..!! Before I introduce you to my BELT lol ...
#HappyBirthdayBreezy :))) LOVE YOU!!!!!
hahaha so in which way you'll "blend-in" with the others! Haha im a rebel only when I need to ;) whats your zodiac?
Miami made Jeremy Lin look like a dumbass. #TEAM MIAMI
If we can't preserve the livelihood of the perpetually well-fed squirrels in our city parks, how can we save anything else?
I dont even know y or whn that started
Both & have books on audio books. Cara won't listen: she doesn't want to hear actor's voice. Rhys likes her reader.
people are coming to my apartment to watch Fools Gold w/ Matthew McConaughey in Houston, TX you can come if you want
lol. I was at Harris Ranch for lunch in my way back up from LA.
#nercomp12 Bronx cc - peer mentoring.attempt to have at least one person trained teach online in each dept that person serves as peer mentor
Happy Valentine's Day!!
Just watched vampire get the shit fingered out of her in the gym...high school these days #smellyfingers oh and that ruined my lunch tha ...
God I love you. <3
lol me 2 but we still gotta have a little joy somewhere In r heart by the way I saw Ur pro pics ur so pretty LUCKY!!!
So this is how I don't love you feels like #RedLight <3
Think twice about accepting a drink from a stranger.
Playing DJ hero all day, then found a new obsession on YouTube
Beautiful singing and remembrance of Dr. King today at American History...so very lucky to live in DC!
Played #bf3 for the first time:) now I'm gonna try to play gw3
thanks greg. Try this coupon code for a free trial "twitter" at neybor.com/redeem includes Virtual Tour, mobile site, TXT #, etc
Lol that's what makes champs!! “: Just finished the hardest 3 hour practice of my life with Holy crap I'm dead!”
Can you bat in the two hole? RT : I just don't know what more I can do for you people.
thanks for the retweet
im hungry for Gods presence right now! lol =D
you just dont have any good pics ..sorry<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> hahaha
Typical! RT : So...You're telling me I didn't need to spend an hour in the car wash line on Saturday?
you got to love - first #keynotunde at sxsw. :)
Looking at GIS
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, please get tested and let's be a part of the solution and find a Cure.
What's the score of the Celtics game mad im missing it
grand champion pig owner
how much the victor costing tonight for ladies
Wisconsin, a normally good FT shooting team, has now missed 4 already.
Lady I Luv Ya but God I don't about eating that !!!!!
If you spend your day taking pics of yourself, you need a life. No one wants to look at 300 pics you take of yourself everyday of Facebook.
Ghost Bar - The Palms Vegas. W/bgood & drauppaa
brand new episode in 8 hours!!
Mañana a las 10 pm est mi show "Salsa es lo que hay".
"Our city should be fully committed to funding early childhood education." You are right .
your going to that game?! so jealous I wanted to go!
you're welcome! Thanks :) <U+263B>
So true :)
Follow she is two away from breaking triple digits. And she's the most beautiful woman in the world.
Oh you do high school cheerleading? Please continue to tell me how much of a sport it is.
It's not officially the holidays until your neighbor inflates a 27-foot tall reindeer on his roof. So now, it's officially the holidays.
no one said life is going to be perfect; build a bridge and get over it
I'm deciding on our first book this weekend. Let me know if anyone has any last minute contenders. I'm excited to get this going.
You know your shorts are too short when your ass sticks to the chair. -__-
If by weird you mean Awesome, I agree! “: Its so weird seeing Damon in an Indians jersey”
Catching up on webcomics reading.
I love the latest release of #firebug. Much more stable, javascript debugging works much better.
Good morning America Good Night China
Never mind Kenya. What about the people who clean those rooms and the owners of the resort? My God, y'all!
#NYG edge blocker went with the outside rusher. Big mistake!
Enjoy it while u can. No xmas or spring or summer vacations in the real world!!! Was a rude awakening for me!!
I know girl. I'm not too good at it.
I'm just gonna subtweet Lauren in the 15 minutes of math class we have left. :D
You're also starting to swear like a Yankee.
Yes, of course.
It's almost 70 degrees this Feb. morning. Feels like I should be heading to the pool.
Now, "suicide jumper" on I-35 bridge at Town Lake.
Come see Clue this weekend at
Fuck all drugs dealers... Smoke the herbs that was send to us from God.
hey what's up
when i wake up i think about them.......when i sleep i dream about them and i just cant help them i got the infection ;)
' going to Greenville : )
Who can make Muhammad Ali Blush? Hint... Grammy Nominee..... Come See
People have truly forgotten how SACRED marriage is, i swear i REFUSED to become a satistic when my day comes.
Don't say I don't care -.-
This is really depentant on the time of day for me.
Eph 6:16 Above all, take the shield of faith, with which you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Why is my Twitter not working!?
I know-- longest break since this time LAST YEAR. Watch movies, drink wine, make holiday crafts, and oh-- READ :)
Enjoying my very first library conference!
Poor Tom Brady, he's gonna be so miserable tonight while he's having sex with a supermodel.
so great seeing miss tonight - feeling so inspired at the moment :)
happy tomorrow!
Already on the way to 500! Thanks to Keaton Smith for the big 400!
I'm on an all time high now I just finished 9 songs in 4 hours smh beast mode
RT Best spring inspired Haikus win the last 2 seats @ Canlis staff food & wine pairing class Mon @ 3pm. Tweet back or comment on FB.
I want a baby hippo..
We were thrilled to have you back for another quinquennial.
Rain Delay: Game 6 of World Series Postponed
Will do. Thanks, bud!
* me watching your latest keek* me after it: LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. you could be like the girl with the funny talent ;) hehe
yes. I post my calls on actors access so if you submit on there i'll see it.
me too!!! So happy on my drive to school:)
Thanks, Jeannie! have a great weekend!
Lol he talkn to my voice mail
RT : “Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.” ~ Mother Teresa
Do you want to carry our Sunscreen? Drop us a line! All locations thru USA
Long Tail of the Big Bang - sounds like a Chinese folk tale
Fantastic! Anything fun - no. After the beach, just heads down in CSS & Crystal Reports all day. I got a couple of IPAs in though ;-)
Thermal mass is so important in heating and cooling our buildings but always overlooked!
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 35
ill be in lincoln for that too
I think it was more like the nutrition facts were wrong.
Heinz! It was magical seeing them all tonight and I actually spoke to Timo Hildebrand!!!
I have 2,500 followers on reaching 13 million users into the 2nd-tier. The trick is, getting followers to retweet and
okay, just let me go to willy wonka's factory and go in the stretching thing
The kiddie circle pit during A Dog is a Dog Storytime today was so awesome.
well at least you're being productive! I'm going downtown and it's cold and i'm jacketless.
RT URGENT: Youtube is removing videos of injured and dead protesters. SHAME ON YOUTUBE - SAVE THESE VIDEOS. #IranElection Plz RT!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters. Inspiration can come in many forms. What inspires you to go that extra mile, to be great, excellent?
questions of the day?
in a good way ;p;
I don't know why he bothers with them. He has a ton of loving fans he could reply to but he replies to the ones who constantly hate on him.
Do I have to file this away with all of the other things to read/watch after I finish ME3 or is it spoiler free?
// never sleeps anyway. This is unusual for me. If we had an Olympic sleeping team, I could be the coach. :)
just gt off at eight and gotta go bck in tha morning ..blahh
Thanks to all my new followers at home & abroad. Really looking to expand an already great network of brilliant ppl
I smile because you are my children... I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it!! :-) Happy Mother's Day!!
#workwednesday need tools programmers for gigs in #boston #sanfrancisco, &
Wore my t-shirt to the grocery store and received multiple compliments on it. One man even told me he has contributed $!
head exploding from following 3 live feeds!!!!!!
Lora and Jerry have all sorts of VA grown produce - peppers, tomatoes, onions, corn, potatoes, hoop house greens, local apples, peaches, mm!
dude you have no idea how happy I am right now. I'll fill you in soon ;-) but it deals with that gal I told you about!
Go visit our friends in the free speech area! They're selling baked goods
Hehehe hopefully or the only one winning would be my pee cuz i really need to go badly
.. So I got home alone. As I turned off the lights, I put his picture down, and maybe get some sleep tonight? <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B>
is the 9-1-1 apology press conference scheduled?
ayy haha we need you on a joint
has some awesome ticket package tools - you can package consecutive days - great tool for weekend NYC trip planning!
Beyonce Working on Two New Albums!
Congrats to Jess & Frank Attere on graduating with Bachelor of Science degrees from the University of Iowa! Well done peeps!
Random babble
Just met some MLIS students who didn't know about pub crawl. This should be LIS701 folks!
Castleton Midweek Connection tonight! 5:30 dinner and 6:30 classes. Hope you will join us!
I'm saving The Wire for when I lose faith in TV. So nice to see you! Remember to take a break between Game of Thrones episodes.
I've been waiting for a response to email for 12 days (Help Request #:15132-763454). Is that a normal wait time for you?
Good hit on crisis. It should be a national story.
@#bebold get my act together and we'll be just fine in the new year.
tonight :D
Where does Cee lo keep that white cat between takes?
apology accepted
Intuitive Business Mentor Coach - I work with business women who are ready to know and acknowledge their truth and play more...
whats up y'all?
At Grand Casino, Hinkley sick but going to play a poker tourney in 30 minutes.
Happy FRIDAY :)
Walking down the street to Beavers to grab lunch, hopefully the rain doesn't get any worse.
someone wins at beard growing...
Monday through Friday at 10:30 we offer our clients referrals for assistance for services we do not provide!
$NCVT: This stock has been swinging between .07-.51 in the last 60 days.
Turkish get-ups, handstand pushups, and clojure. My kinda Friday night.
Excited to have #ACPA12 just a few miles up the road from me in downtown.
: there is always someone to listen, just gotta know who will! :) love you baby!
Paddington is a very obedient bear, they'd know it was me. And he's not on twitter.
hahah this is what an english language textbook looks like! :) I've always wanted to see
i loved tonight c:
Have you shared our page yet today? Once we get 3,000 'likes' we'll give away some awesome prizes!!
Tired after balling at the Johnson Cent.
Think I'm gonna hang out here tonight and maybe just watch some tv. Kinda tired. Or...maybe I'll go look for treasure. Nah. too tired.
YIPPEE, so delighted my thriller SHADOW CAY is now on Air Force One! ;-). Also, see the white van in the forefront . . . I'm driving it!!
ITS MY PLEASURE
But then again I have no pool & no one go come with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
good to know lol
if you use it that much, then I would upgrade. You can really see the difference reading on it.
Last night's score: Final: Riveters 203, Suburban Brawl 60.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Wegmans - LIPITOR -
can i get a tweet from you did it
well im getting off and tomarrow i better see more followers if i dont ill get REALLY MAD GOD DONG!!!!! now ya'll have a nice nite lol
Is excited to be leaving for Sunny Puerto Vallarta Mexico in the morning for 8 days!!! Offering readings at The Selva Romantica Complex!!!
ED ROBINSON'S ALBUM "WRITTEN IN STONE" WILL BE RELEASED MARCH 17, 2011 AT LIQUID BAR LOUNGE (LBL), 322N. CENTRAL AVE., VALLEY STREAM, NY...
Don't even wanna predict the outcome of this game.
Maybe the studios will do more to support his future projects, instead of killing them early.
baseball fans in the Midwest watch #playoffs when our teams aren't in it, guess no surprise coasties would rather watch sitcoms.
I see you're in the wind business! Hope it's a big success! Happy New Year and all best. R.
The haunting is SUCH a boring movie! I wanna see the Avengers!
Trailblazers and Thunder are truly great teams... They make for some exciting basketball for all the fans out there!!!
": Explosion reported at First Bank Plc, UNIPORT Branch, Choba area, Port Harcourt."
Is it Spring, yet?
FYI: our site is designed for orgs to setup profiles and connect as well! Feel free to setup a "KidsNeedTheArts" account!
Home again after a great few days in the mountains. Now looking on the same 14000 ft peak where we stayed, but from my balcony 30 miles ...
Would be extremely helpful to prevent stolen medical identity.
Please ck out our Barbara brown songs you will live them!
Terrible show by our friends in M8, too.Husband and I shushed them, which was stupid, ineffective and bossy. Awful all round.
great day for guacamole and margaritas!
When I Listen "Bloody Mary" I Feel Like I'm In Paris, Would Be Amazing To Be In Paris Now!
8% claimed perforation of the nasal septum from their nose-picking
Wow! I believe it...
G'night all. Saving the world 9 times tomorrow.
Tweet to see it First! Bring Paranormal Activity 3 to your city early. #ParanormalActivity #Dallas Vote:
This. RT : If you can't sleep, always remember that every season of Hey Arnold is on netflix
Just swam in the ocean for the first time in three years.
Apple hits $600B market cap. At it's current rate half the world's economy will be on $AAPL balance sheet by 2050, etc. :)
if you let me you'll probably end up pregnant and in jail and in aa
A Chipotle Pepper....watch out! Spicy!
Thumbs down to for getting my hopes up for Thursday night, but he still gets the best big bro award.
<U+2665> Been Wanting To Be Called "YOUR GIRL" :)
How is everyone feeling after the #Milwaukee99 After Party ? What a great night!
Usher, another guy that is officially out of ideas. #SNL "ooh baby baby"? Really? F-.
Neva Take Anyone 4 Granted & Cherish All Your Love Ones B4 Itz 2 Late.
Theres a reason the rearview mirror's so small & the windshield's so big, where ur headed is much more important than what youve left behind
I hate hearing a song I want to know the name of, but cant hear over the ruckus in McDonalds, so then I hate people.
your so amazing and so very pretty I hope I get to meet u again on march14 for my birthday:-)
Speed dating benefit for work. SO glad I'm married! I feel like I should go up to the girls, pet their arms & tell them they're pretty.
": What happens if you are born today #leapyear" weird haha? Todays my cousins bday, only come every four years...
Why didn't y'all help me? If it was y'all I woulda helped y'all
The article on largest population affected by illiteracy in Alabama? cc:
Stupid people they need to mind there own business and stay out of mine!!
#ItsHardTo to love someone who loves you too much
I think it's already happening. We should call 911 just to be safe.
: snuggle in everyone
I'm getting on the Last Train to Clarksville tonight. Meet ya'll at the station.
you know what it is.
Future Facebook App: 'Find Your Father' DNA location platform
nothing much... just talking about austin's first cover! nothing important, you didn't miss much
drastic or whatever to your hair this summer? Different colors or new do? That would be so much better!
#HipHopPOV its alwayz hard to top of your first album but i think Nicki Minaj is still one of da dopezt MC's in da game
Sure. The mic(s) and video quality are very good. Good job.
it's a place to check in on four square. It's actually Bellevue, but someone made that location as a joke. :)
this is what happens for dancing for 6 hours, my arm in a brace and shoulder out of place:(
Looking at Apercu for a walkerart.org redesign – any plans for Typekit/other? (Fontdeck doesn't offer a font we need)
So much relevant tweets on my tl tonight
Just saw Game Change on HBO last night. What a great movie about the emotional gauntlet that is a political campaign.
god is a good god ministry remix
Alecia Silverstone feeds her baby like a bird?
Desire a #lifestyle discount vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
Thought of on my way home from work today when Chris Brown Run It came on Z104. :-)
Damn I got f**ked up
I need to talk to my boyfriend :(
Just got done with boot camp! Time to get some high quality FUEL in! Steelhead, brown rice, green beans, corn, and spicy V8!
So, could sing the phonebook to me and I'd be happy!
Did some guy just walk into the coffee shop with a 17" laptop and full size wireless keyboard?
I don't care who says what about you, I think you're perfect in every way
I'm hoping to get a Soda Stream for xmas. Does anyone have it, and if so, what do u think of the soda it makes?
In every woman there is a queen. Speak to the queen and the queen will answer. ~ Norwegian Proverb
Yep RT : #ff <-- cause sometimes they'll sit on someone's face. It just may be your lucky day.
it's their awesome coach :-)
keep listening to #mediachat Josh RT Where do they drive people? I don't understand the concept?
So 's post on Grennell says she "obtained" the statement from Romney's campaign. Can you obtain something from yourself?
when you find that secret sauce can you msg me :)
Why does your forehead make you look like a beluga whale?
adventures all day
any #litquake must sees? Working on my #onlyinSF list.
nice man. Sorry we never grabbed that beer!
When did WebMD become totally useless?
P.S. I know the not-pregnant bloat all too well. Glad to have put that behind me last year thru vegan & GF clean eating.
aww /: tell mari I can see her big ol' booty from here(; and she looks sexy ;D haha
Revisited this four years ago and are doing so again. Message me--happy to assist.
Me too. Meetings suck, but I think Im glad I missed this. I'd rather he name the last 5 Presidents.
ty for follow!
You're welcome! I love that one too. I'm not sure if you can find the song along w/out the video. If you do let me know
Not being conceited at all but.... If I tweet a chick jus tryna b cordial an they jus ignore my tweet..clearly they aint checked out my pics
I also let him "twist" my arm into joining officially and start private lessons on Monday and more frequent group classes. Yikes! O.o
haha I'll tell u bout it later get on Skype I jus got home from the city
I Listen To It EveryDaay!<3
- Check out the upcoming events through @ www.homelessfund.org/events. There are some great #networking opportunities!
They say it's going to be in the upper 40s to 50s starting tomorrow...we'll see.
Arhh :( No #twaalbar when I'm finally in Aalborg in a Friday..
CHICAGO!LAST CHANCE TO ORDER YOUR VALENTINE DAY CAKE! Yummy heart shaped cakes, made with love for your honey. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
I love you fucking people. Srsly. <3 All love.
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
I don't know if it's the low attendance or what, but both goals seemed rather anti-climatic.
yay, completed a successful Skype meeting with client.
#Help, is #sushi seafood?
Feeling the Twitter pull too much, with too much to do; gotta shut it down for the day. Have a great weekend, y'all!
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia, I can't sleep because I have Internet connection...
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe
:)": Upside of being my own boss: significantly lower chance of awkward office romance. Downside: same."
How many of you Guilfordians are planning on coming to WEDNESDAY WRITERS WORKSHOP?! "Like" our status if you are attending! :-D
hm u can use Vega protein powder..what's a good vegan substitute for egg whitesfor baking?
Sure, but IMHO, we really do need someone with a lot of executive experience. The state is a mess.
yeah and during c:
I think Hansa > Caylus. Hansa is kind of Caylus lite, in a way. But more enjoyable for a new player.
“: Who thinks crosby will play this season?” I think he will miss the whole season. Severe vagisitus
we probably just unintentionally sold a few copies.... Damn ...LOL..
omg i have great news!!!!
Neil Whiteman, formerly of Lockheed Martin Space Systems, joined Gibson Dunn's D.C. office as counsel in the government contracts group.
So glad we don't have school today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
this is gonna be a great game
Why reach for the sky and only get clouds in your fingernails when you can go higher and dust clouds off your shoes?!
When the NFLN has the bloopers on its a must watch.
Me too LOL!
You know you're getting older when you have to trade your mustang in for a suv.
follow and please :D x27
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 19
I meant to say poop, but boob is fine too
you guys here?
That awkward moment when you flirt with the monorail driver to get a sticker, and he flirts back. Greg, if you're out there, YOU'RE HOT.
So I tell big poppa I had a dream about him and the first thing he says is "did I make you scream?" typical guy -_-
American Idol judges are dropping fast! In these times of uncertainty Sourcical.com will be your source for colored Tyvek wristbands!
im so glad im not blonde anymore
Antonio McDyess is out as well. 4 starters not playing. That's crazy! We're like huh? in the truck.
Soo Glad i have no more Mcas
It's beautiful! I want to go back this weekend!
our first tweet! the archive project encourages you to share your #nyc #preservation memories at landmarks45.org !
I am not a fan of this. So stupid!
I read Game of Thrones out of order. Storm of Swords first. Sped-read The Hunger Games. Read Faulkner to a homeless woman. All are Fitting.
Re: Romney's forgetfulness: He learned that trick from Reagan! "Guns for hostages? What guns for hostages???"
call me cuz I need my hair done
It's buried under "More->Even More"
so the prostitute gets a dictionary and looks up prostitute gets paid for sexual favors. The Kuala looks up Kuala eats
Haha you and every other girl are forever biased for one reason...
I love you
GET THE QUALITY MUSIC YOU NEED WITH THE BEST PRODUCTION. DONT SOUND LIKE A NEWBIE, GET IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.
mine was literally a miracle!! Mrs jury I keep telling Alec I want your number so we can go to lunch sometime!
respect to Indiana Jones
Training Truth: Success in any training program begins with having a clear idea of what you want to achieve and where you are starting from.
just got a delivery...woohooo i love new bedding!!
Lets go chill out at the Zone of Silence.
You're welcome for the mention sweetie. Have a lovely Week! XOXOXO
Is Global Warming Causing More Home Runs in Baseball? - Scientific American
What decision are you most proud of?
great goal line stand by the Cardinals defense!! AZ for the win! DJ Emporio DIGITAL EMPIRE
Damn... The Seahawks are cleaning out the NFCN!
well yeah, he would have sold his granny to the devil too, for a drop of booze
thank you!!
“: Dear NC, if it weren't for the tar heels, you'd be absolutely good for NOTHING.” RT You should ban EVERYTHING NC!
Fido says-if you dress me up for Halloween, don't be mean & let me eat chocolate-that could REALLY hurt me!
Staples WON"T Honor Warranty on printer bought May '11 told to buy NEW ONE then return it within 14 days cc
Hell yes!!
sure you will you do whatever you want not thinking bout me so I'm used to it
& stay tuned for more news & updates as the #RHoNY premiere day progresses. Please follow 4 exclusive news as well.
LMAO I've watched it 3 times in the last month. Seems like every time I turn the tv on when i climb in bed its on
I can't DM you because you don't follow me, but I'd like to know more about your Mo Party.
Dislocations: A Conversation About Time: Sun. Feb. 12, 12:30pm. Matt Lamanna, Don Wentworth, Hallie Brook, & Justin Hopper at
On a mad unfollow-unfriend purge. If you are reading this, you have survived. For now! (Insert emoticon for insane laugh here)
what happened? Thought you deleted your twitter or something
I love how I'm cavalier about returning library books on time but get rampaging-mad when others don't for the books I want.
I'm not sure, it's been around for a while but outside of FL I don't think many people have heard it
we've got guys getting open... kyle has time... he just cant hit the receivers!
what a night..
simple sugars contain only 1 or 2 units of saccharides and can then broken down and absorbed quickly. an ex. is glucose
Oh, I'm planning on going! Wouldn't miss it!
Instead of waiting for something to happen ask "Why have I chosen to focus on the actions of others?" Keep my focus on my own action.
eves droppin' muck
Work hard, play hard.
Always got some to Sa
hey whats up?? i am bored LOL:)$
Afternoon lull. Re-reading "How to Win Friends and Influence People". This should be required reading at B-School!
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the earth ~ Rumi |
9/18-20: SEX & THE CITY thursday at 7, friday and saturday at 4 and 7. SON OF RAMBOW thursday, friday, and saturday at 10. All movies $3!
RT : Las Vegas' Mayor Goodman declared 2012 the year of downtown's revival. Excited to see the art scene continue to grow.
More than 3,400 #wonk T-shirts handed out yesterday at #CelebrateAU. What kind of #wonk shirt did you get? Send us a photo.
Every day It's the same thing.. I'm yelling at my kid to get ready for school. I don't like yelling at him, but really? EVERY DAY!
Yay #TanishaGetsMarried best bad girl ever!!
The moment when someone asks you what you doing and you're doing something but you say "NOTHING" :O
Working on creative development today. Good to have some uninterrupted time for brainstorming!
First bike ride of the season. My quads are KILLING me.
When you're up in life, your friends know who you are... When you're down in life, you know who your friends are.
always fascinated by the stuff that never makes it to our shores, esp. from Japan.
got tweet limit on
u better get a move on K!! the little one will figure this out before U!!
french braids
I feel that way about LA!
After losing $2 billion due 2 bad trading, JPMorgan Chase CEO #JamieDimon gets $23 million pay package thanks 2 shareholders.
Officialy switcing to washburn, this month! Yayayayay. So glad to get outta this school!
Walmart ’s Cuts To Health Care For Part-Time Workers Mirror Larger Trend How can you call one company out over other companies for a so
thanks for the mention and happy #WW! Walla Walla is one of the finest wine regions in the world - I love it!
Go Lacy...lol.
Love getting a Local kid but he will be recruited over in every step of the way! It's a 4 year kid though and that's gd
Mom. Thanks. Love you.
Done w/ Think and Grow Rich..now while I'm putting that into action, on to The Automatic Millionaire:)
lol! that drives me nuts, too. sometimes i find it, delete the tweet and correct but most times i just let it go
I can always tell when you draw with your iPad
Great early morning workout! Im refreshed & full of energy...Goodmorning internet Family:)
i think i might have just found a new way to watch my shows without actually watching t.v. hulu. am i late to this or what?
follow back? :)
Avery Bradley is such a tough defender with long arms & quick feet. Wow!
Get Defense bron!!!
"No bendy straw + no phone = no bueno."
in his new video! SO HOT ;) I want more!!!
Retweet or message me or do sum if your still up
Is it just me or has Dr. Dre got on roids tha last lil bit??
YAKITORI: Skewered Pork Belly, Chicken, & Rib-eye glazed in Teriyaki w/ Bell Peppers & Onions. Screaming Tuna- More Than Just Sushi.
ruggers out-hustling the reptiles.
the line for crawfish is so worth it and the music is great
Elmer's phew
Where are my Coog fans? I think Thursday's game is on TV.
looking forward to it. Can I get a grinder update???
yeah I'm sure we can
Reg 2 win blink 182 prize pack when you donate school supplies Edge, Hot100.5 office or Cox Solution stores. Contest rules apply.
ohh yeah I remember lmao, he's about to be 2 now
Nice! Good luck!!
i have 3 sons; they'll never have 2 face what trayvon did or live in fear of it. no one should. heartbreaking.
We are located at 125 Fleet Street. Saturday hours are 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. That means be here and shop now. :)
BEAUTIFUL DAY IN LA!!! I miss the midwest sometimes but then that sun comes out and reminds me how gorgeous the west coast is!!
yo it was us who copped those beats just now (nice) do we get those immediately? we ready to knock em out
Everyone follow
4 since I been in the A, I bet my boy dray know what I'm talking about lol
its cool, it didn't bother me.
gud luck wit brazil on the quarter finals
Practice photos are up
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
#Skiing on St. #Patty's Day in
will be tweeting from the Santa Fe NGA conference this week! Stay tuned!
Oh Betsy wanted Sally to say something about Wife #1 to Megan because Betsy assumed Megan didn't know!! Oh. That's bitchy.
I hate cocaine but I love the way it smells...
ESPN Fantasy Baseball meetings in Bristol a huge success. Success because I got home in one piece & Yu Darvish didn't make the top 30 at SP!
With taco bell
BTW when is the last time you heard a " Cal to the NBA rumor "?
I would rather be outside hoopN on nigga's then workN right now ... man this nice ass weather !
you kept trying to get something but that Steve Blake interview was cliche city. He's not worried about Artest or Bynum?
I wish my last name started with "B" so my next child I could name to have te initials "RGB"
killed my best friends now he's dead
Buckeyes in the final 4 baby!!!
Zack Taylor. The original!
Hold up (ice berg voice)
it depends on your clinic. Call your nearest for pricing.
as are you diva
Thanks to , , , and for following WNY Heritage Magazine!
Time to go to #starbucks and bid farewell to the visitors that were here on island. Have a safe trip back, mimi. xo
Good Morning! I love the Arizona heat!
Thanks for the follow. Just bought "Prohibition in WDC" and can't wait to read it!
they banged like 10 UNCONTSTED 3s including the one that won the game. not to mention our pitiful free throw percentage
I hope you had fun!
fire mike brown or get better players? Mike Brown didn't fail us. His team failed him and their city.
good thing we are renting a car and driving to madison on Saturday
Lowe is a reliever that I hold my breathe everytime he pitches. Make it fast so I don't pass out!
"accidentally" run into Anthony green and make some & tour plans?
Where is #onemillionmoms in the outcry against #rushlimbaugh???
Learned in the Dolphin Club sauna today: in an emergency, you can close a laceration with Super Glue. (Thx, !)
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic limits and obstacles.
Today was the best day to work outside. The very best therapy while digging in the dirt. Achy muscles are well worth it.
Going to airport. Should arrive NY. By 4pm.
Welcome to my newest Upgrade claymorebx!
Read about our special Uncovered promotion in the fb link below. Bring OP music you love to friends that you love!
So very glad to hear that. My sister, a beta reader for me, wasn't convinced so I was nervous! :)
Anyone else get caught in that traffic nightmare this morning on the 805 N? My 15 minute commute was 1.5 hours ugh.
Not feeling the holiday vibe in Taiwan...
I an hour of sleep just to have time to doll myself up for you #BecauseYoureWorthIt <3
doesn't mean you should start fucking fights with random people, jeez calm the fuck down .and yeah im dumb , yep makes sense.
Follows me?? I feel so honored! Equal rights for ALL!!!
I looked for examples in my topic area to see what they featured, and then created my own with my favorite ideas.
Prof: “One of the greatest puzzles in the universe is how we can all sit in this room together … without exploding.”
well comment them!! haha imagen!! just like myspace all over again lmfao! and it's been a month and a half. i'm happy.. :)
Watch it out there, peeps. RT "Dangerously Cold Today" --
Life is getting better, day by day.
Yall follow my lil bro one of da rawest zoes in Duval county I co sign you my nigga. Big dog salute
If you've been struggling with any reoccurring issue, challenge, of problem. Chances are its a faulty system and not personal.
do you make a difference in anyone's life? or do u just spend days dissing people that u r so much less than!
oh god .
” You're easy on the eyes, hard on the heart.” -Terri Clark
follow me plz And thank u
lmfaoooooo hell no
Thanks! You rock!
it is.... It really is
I love Rock Bottom. Best pretzels ever.
MT : Spent all yesterday and today scanning Deaccession images/text from August to last week....for show
. wow. Favorite part of that was a BoSox fan being forced to type the phrase "hotter-than-hell Orioles."
CHEER FOR HIM!
you should work on that lol
Big Girls Don't Cry unless you take their big macs.
I wish that everyone called, emailed, IMd, and texted would at least respond in a timely fashion...that's the polite thing to do.
Baltimore youth are our valentines. Stop the youth jail.
She was buzzin' all over me like she fell in love.
Waking to subway....fone is about to die..be back later
Home from dinner and now a movie and trying to pair my iphone with my new helmet. Says it's paired but know sound.
Mos def! And Im sure Ill be back this way too. I told Diana, I have to catch a show next time. So now I'll know:)
be sure to check #Groupon on Monday... Hopefully what you see will get the week off to a good start!
“: Girls I don't like, who are friends with girls I don't like are requesting me on facebook.......why?” lol the
Shame I heard nothing about auditions. Only been wanting to sing with FOR TEN YEARS.
Who wants to chat about: Politics & the Media, Current Events in the News, Sports Topics, TV/Movies or Celeb News & Gossip? Send me a Tweet!
a walk to remember :)
Librarians are awesome. Y'all rock my world. Just sayin'
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. ~Voltaire
ur work certainly does... Have you talked to Ray Rast at CSUF? He knows these guys.
don't want to revise this essay!
no problem, AGTG
Everyone follow The man who asked the ELIte question, a defining sports moment!
- glad you're Skype'ing in to #flacon2012 today -- I was asked to speak in Peter's place but couldn't be there. See you soon!
are you going for operator dude? You know ? He's there.
: Thanks for sharing our #socialmedia news!
then they probably bought that program i was referring too
I love you are candy tkm ten kiss
what about mine?
I unlocked a badge for 20% off the check in LaGrange! Hurry! Get yours, it's fun! m Gourmet Burgers!
Ok Mario whatever tf your last name is lol
yeah I heard of a few people from here going too, I just got back from the PTA convention myself
DM We are looking for a contact in the Harvard School of Education to discuss a collaborative approach in development.
Twitter does this, try near:22903 within:10km
“: This can't happen 2 nights in a row with no sleep. I'm closing my eyes right now. #insomnia <U+E40D>” insomnia is for
girl, a sad day. what will hbcu's be like without a chuck brown concert or music.!?!?!?!
I just got a job!
Twitter friends, Happy to say I am finally done with school, AA Criminal Justice - CSI & a couple certificates! So excited!
guess, the one with the most swag ;D
yep that's what she said. Funny
must of forgot where we live ....
Early #FollowFriday - Check out these awesome tweeps! <3 (via )
will remain available for PT Baltimore/DC/SATRAD live or VT services probably until the end of time. :>)
You can only keep the "I'm Colbie Caillet" thing going for so long before someone asks you to sing.
Who is the greatest prostitute in history? Ms.Pacman, for 25 cents that b*tch swallowed balls till she died.
Haha do it up!
I like the note but i prefer iPhone personally may get note and windows phone for development
I got so fat working there haha so good
"The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents."
thanks for the RT tonight!!
says water is not receding as quickly as hoped. MKE closed until at least 2.
Morning all
heather York just called Ed Echols ( head ) lol
Adidas is killing it with this halftime performance.
Heat baby
haha id say that was an eventful night (:
Guessing you won't be home to hang out at Blue/White. #SpringGame is Sat.
Tweeting in school (;
It's funny to me that: Adam Morrison, Darko, Scalabrine, JJ Barea, Michael Doleac and James Posey all have rings. And LeBron doesn't.
hm we heard ben. rt I read on twit that ames not ben is going to b the next bach instead.
Laying my bed just relaxing!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
From FB pics of Doc, figured out that you were still in S Sudan. You're having such an adventure, in all ways.
Norah Jones Little Broken Hearts on repeat
I wish Cancer didn't exist.
Fish fry at the #Milwaukee Ale House
Cody owns angels hearts
Brain Fair tomorrow! Free! Open to public! Auditorium! Thanks to OHSU! www.omsi.edu/events
Watching football with the cousins and ! (Hardcore packer fans)
"Dead upon the field of glory," Hero fit for song and story. ~John Randolph Thompason
If I were to get you a Christmas gift, what would be the gift?
Nice to meet you just now Rostyk - thanks for stopping by
The Script - Walk Away
Today so far we are at $3,921.That's great but we must not lose sight of what our goal is $15,000 by November 3rd.
I signed!(:
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Spent Thanksgiving week helping provide services to more than 1,500 patients at the 1st ever #Oregon Mission of Mercy. Thanks ODA!
I'm watching you O:
Fun episode of Undercover Boss featuring CEO. Loved following along on Twitter too.
S/O to my new followers aka my tweethearts...have a goodnight!
Idgaf. I don't want it anywayss
Deeply humbled by the incredible peeps-orgs following. Look thru the list and help spread word for the gr8 causes u find.
speaking of rap strength training, how angry is about DMX's comments re: Drake?
They ate themselves. Oh, wait, that was the Donner Party.
Are any orchestras out there using #Pinterest --- would love to know!
your welcome come-on u kno your pretty I didnt need to tell u that
thanks for the mention!
Your the reason why i smile
God I love Chiodos.
did u listen
Not feelin TOO good tonight.
Going to Le Bonheur to visit my favorite little cousin.
My hubby has to remind me of my age often... because I forget. He says its a good thing to keep forgetting & eventually I won't ask him. :-)
But Its cold one day and than its hot the other! #bipolar!
Hey racetweeps! Anyone have photos of Alex wearing glasses in his Atlantic racing days? (NOT sunglasses) It's for a blog post.
Ehmagawd, no! You so don't look anything close to one!
lets get that shit trending lol i love #squirting the best part is that every1 is going to think this is super inappropriate
RT : Guess the average annual number of secret agents who claim they were never at the Safe House in MKE? Official......
Gemini and cancer!
Wait. Avion is real? I thought it was fake for Entourage.
*smack!* Now, smack ME, so I can get this short finished for my pub! LOL
Most say they are cool. Some say they are smart. To be Honest I don't care and neither should you.
Its going to be a long day...
...properly Working mobile....you NEver know When that might happen, knowing me....BUT...JUST SAYING (then really)...ROY HODGSON expected to
I bought one for Paintball USA a few months ago!! Groupon says it's 32.2 miles. We can do that!
Big day for and Two great wins for my two favorite programs.
times really is flying by. its scary
5 ppl in my fam have died before 60. U cant tell me that getting healthy is not the most important thing in my life rite now
who are you calling trash...Michaele or Journey?
Can you stop being so attractive? I`m trying to move on here..
my weekly pregnancy checklist is telling me to eat healthier to help me skin..... does sweet potatoes with oranges count as healthy???? :)
"The fool shall look to the madman.". Wm. Shakespeare, Twelfth Night
Come out to Burgers and Cupcakes 36th and 9th) TONIGHT from 8-11 for some Bingo with great prizes and $3 wine! YOU DON'T WANNA MISS THIS!!
JANET KILLED IT ON AMERICAN IDOL! THERE IS ONLY ONE JANET JACKSON!
If I don't fcks w you don't joke around w me ... You see this face? -_____- I will violate then say I'm jk too!!
Nice to see a tweet from After the day i had its nice to feel a "normal" occurance again.
I feel like being bad... I'm thinking burgers and fries.
i know the feeling ;)
When we have His favor, we have everything, and we have an advantage for success!
I Spread Love..
maybe you should unfollow me again!
I swear it's always something
DONNA SUMMER DIED #sadtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Q2. Linkedin is a key networking tool for bloggers.Your brand image should be polished... a MUST to be there for any biz
Now I understand why the Giants will win. RT : "do a little record shopping before the game" -- Tom Coughlin
It's the coolest chick on twitter!
TRAFFIC- Debris In The Road - EB Belt @ University Ave - Loading ramp in the roadway
My dad got mad at me for saying the word "crap"...seriously
Do or Die for the , Let's go!
Ayyyeee wat u doin fool I'm bored bout to be knocked out
Walton for your b-day Haha what we doin?
Yes im a spoild brat! They raise me on gettin everything i want they can change it up now
it needs more redheads. Which is my favorite flavor, in anything
ha! He can barely get out of bed himself!
I had a great time at Six Flags today! Oh how I missed performing:) I have an amazing band!!!
Message sent. You'll get your t-shirt. :)
English football needs to ban taking shirts off in the stadium.
Sure thing John! Thanks for all your work with QR Codes. Are you guys "white labeling" your backend management?
Thank you, Senator Schumer, for coming to our commencement today. Enjoyed your speech.
Lots on deck from in early 2011: ehealth, politics and social media, the internet & group formation + more!
Too hot for soccer today.
Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.
...seriously? did youtube just change AGAIN?
it will be long
Thanks! Bad news about the podcast being axed; it helped me understand the complex issues of the day. Thanks for great analysis.
Let's go Chelsea win this.
They assume you can cook your ass off & are ready to be submissive....
please tell me youll be coming back to montreal this summer or i might just cry:(
Remember before the smartphone when you had to take your laptop into the bathroom with you? God, it's like we were cavemen
These turnovers are killing the Yotes. King snaps one over Smith's glove on a delayed penalty. LA leads 2-1 early in the 3rd.
grateful today for too much too list
I agree! So much fun! Can't wait!
What's today??
If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.
if it makes you feel any better, I was up til 6 am this morning...
Yuck RT Glee being a "show-within-a-show" definitely means Rachel and Kurt are going to have their own reality show.
double sausage race!! Sounds like Jay's Friday night at the club.
Oh, wow! This is something to plan for the future most definitely...#Gaultier also! How exciting!
haha what did your parents say? I'm 25 and my mom still checks to make sure I'm ink free
fuck fireworks... light up that dyno mite...
Oh #Metra : ( Raise ticket and parking prices, but offer no increase in quality. So many ways to do this with no loss, or even a gain.
Big Plans coming up :) stay posted
Thanks much for the follow! Any gigs there for 11 year old musicians?
gaining experience using some great resources to answer business related RQs
Anyone watch Life's Too Short? Looks hilarious, love British #comedy!
will there be buffalo rides? Either way I look forward to it.
“: Who needs ankle weights during excercise when you've got tears to weigh you down #rightLadies” grindin'
Attended the ACL/Envy/SoLa party this evening. In a good mood. Buying/Selling in Austin? Get 1% back @ closing. Tell your friends!
Given, they'll probably try to sell you insurance, too. But that isn't really a bad thing. lol.
did you know?Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
Gonna be a good day! Free followed by winning a championship. Nice little saturday.
In case you were thinking about leaving your Airbook charger behind in your hotel room, they cost $80. So don't. /publicserviceannouncement
RT : New #Broncos DT Derek Wolfe is a try-hard guy with a great motor:...
I am great, Thanks god
I was gonna say you sure love Ricks hard spot lol. That's cool. Florence + The Machine right? I wanna go. Yes let's get together
see how you do me?
FYI: It's called "data entry". Not "data magically gets transferred to database."
RT : BREAKING: Bachmann Endorsement Could Help Romney Win Over Morons
. . Yes, as . says "Charlie Sheen is low-hanging fruit."
Its hot in Madrid
Nice post about the making of a Square register stand. I like the guide for the credit card reader, always seemed pretty flimsy to me.
all of them, but this one in particular was a Pilot!!! U Gurl!!!
Took the little bro to his first tattoo parlor to get his first piercing. That's a first.
The new City Council is feeling their way and they are not bashful, not at all.
when? But yeah I'll go with you:)
This is what makes great, You guys have to follow this. h/t to
the only world that matters.... MY WORLD
RT : Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulder. I don't want to look back anymore.
If we cannot recapture what has been lost in our generation, the least we can do is turn the ship and redirect its course for those to come.
CNBC this morning had all the expert hedge fund mgrs on looking for buying opportunities here. What happened to shorting these puppies.
Look up from time to time. The world has a much higher resolution than your 3.5" retina display.
happens to me everytime!!!
Thanks for the follows!!! Make it a FANTASTIC Day!
I admin 8 right now and trying to admin 2 more. When I go to the page, its like Im a regular user who likes it.
Who wants a followback from me? RT this!!
I need sunflower seeds asap.
#nogenre or die
The Things We Do For Love , Smh.
Nice choice... although we always thought of those as kick drum pedals, instead of guitar effects.
Five years ago: Anti-war Democrats in the Senate failed in an attempt to cut off funds for the Iraq war. Britain's army reversed course and
You SWAN Divas ROCKED
Just had one of the worsted experiences of my life. Holy fuck.
#BanzaiLoveYou I think you have knocked the Royal Red Robin off its throne.Never thought that could happen but Banzai you did it!
no way, massive dividend in the works.
Poetry..connecting it to our lives..student asks "Why are we doing this?" In that one question many answers about our society are found!!
Happy Thanksgiving.
I wanna drive the Convertible golf cart . Mehh .
I need to know who is behind the #99problemsbutapitchaintone tumblr, it's pure genius & that person deserves, no needs, proper respect!
how much are they?!
Nice. We actually took the name Lakeshore Driving from the Duran song of the same name. And we're from Portland, same as Dandys!
I would call it soft rock, they are on iTunes..
Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement. - Nelson Mandela
Chavez exits with whiplash after diving play
April 26: Happy Birthday to Carol Burnett!!! A TV legend and great comedienne
When you follow RT and i'll give you a shoutout :)
And LIGHT was great fun to read (and re-read.) Thank you for taking the time to exchange a few tweets with a fan.
“: I love Twitter because many of the brightest and most cutting edge educators are on it and I can learn from them. #edchat”:)
Well said! "Don't punish the one in front of you, for the mistakes made by the one behind you." -- Collene Norgaard ()
I love haters!
Did you know, MANY fellow CYRs are on the ballot as #RNC delegates on Tuesday?
Holy foaming rabies mouth, Listerine Total Care.
Thank you Lou
The elevator smells like honeysuckle!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Tune in to ESPN right now to watch the McDonald's All-American game.
RT : Pretty funny to have two readers each win half a church.... Just sayin.' >>That is funny!!
who broke the law?
I'm slappin yo face when you come home lol
Floyd can be a great ambassador for the sport of boxing but chooses to be an ambassador for himself. *shrug*
Initial version of presentations for Educause #E11_SESS063 posted. Feel free to make suggestions!
didn't she steal the fabled "Cocain Tapes?" Which better be the title of your next novel.
Giving someone else advice is EASY, following your own is the HARDEST. so true ouch!
I think I need to learn a new karaoke classic. I'm looking at the Aerosmith catalog.
I'm sorry that you guys were picked on in high school and that got stuck in your craw, but
We're here, we're warm, and we've got coffee! #THATCamp Games is on--hope you can make it!
i would have to agree
Love this quote: "If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up!"
get at me and your friends , got that blue dream and handband
#gospursgo are now 42-8- started rodeo trip with tough loss in Portland, but beat LA and Kings in back to back. I hope they keep winning.
that tattoo made everything better too like dayummmm lemme touch it
My Gat Bang, Yo Hat Hang, I Ride Off With Mack Man.
My brother is finally home <3
Just announced: Wed Dec 1- Wreckless Eric & Amy Rigby! On sale next Fri.
time with is time well spent. So smart, so many ideas, so much experience....and lessons in NY ambient makeup.
If detoxing from sugar or sodas, you might get a headache. Take Excedrin for relief and a quick boost.
Yes. I would like to show you a few other options... Demo?
Yes, little-known fact- I'm the guy that named an agency after the movie- (would've been carousel21 if after book)
yes,you have more than me haha :P
Thanks & - Integral part of Team & this recognition - tiny.cc/onqe5
. Where'd you get your #oyster fix?
deff think i like you HARD CORE i think i should just leave you alone !!! #confused #help what do i do !!??
It did lack diversity.
RT : TODAY AT 3:30 pm ET: Analyst Pavel Molchanov will be on CNBC to discuss oil prices and his related thoughts on stocks.
And yet again, please let today be a good day at work.
#celtics 2-0 tonight i wanna see one of KG's famous ' Bar Fights ' the road to #Banner18 continues!! Lets Get it!
Good-night world - may you dream of #Basketballs and more #basketballs ...
I'm gonna puke and die... Frickin nationals... So nervous.
You put it in your mouth?!
kool. email me the song you wanna a music video for: and give me a concept if you have any.
A perfect day in Paradise!
wish we could be in Vegas at
Become my 300th follower(:
Evidently! Pickles must be a formidable political organizer given how terrible he is in front of a TV camera.
Once again, Mizzou chokes in the national spotlight. Gave this one away with stupid turnovers and missed tackles. Always next year, boys...
Please rain <U+2614>. Please?
Ugh...can't stand a indecisive mofo....they make me sick !
I just messed up our game. I drew the wrong picture. My bad. Think tattoo...
Thanks, Sarah. Like you, I'm very careful about the products I recommend.
- so I need to see the design ...
The way you view challenges in your life will influence their resolutions & outcomes. So view each challenge is an opportunity to evolve now
Proposal on the business case for
Finally!!! I've been missing Donna's sass so much. And of course Tom
#tweet #tweet haha I just tweeted you :P
It just stinks that the gift of democracy that millions died for has to be squandered on dipsticks like these. You know?
Thanks Appreciate it, sounds good see you then
why is drake so fucking hot . gahh lets get married
Man I wanted to Go way off on him and then for him to trying and Holler O_o dude GTFO my Face and give me my fries
Knowing other people are sad
Love is all you need. Do what u Love, never give up, money will chase you & true Love will find you.
: I c dat y not eat u goin thru a food recession or sum??
no problem buddy! Love ya brother!
I'm looking for examples of historic industrial buildings that have been either adaptively reused or abandoned. Anything come to mind?
Yes, we were just commenting on how good he looks...still fine as ever.
It's not only Tebow struggling...Despite the yardage, in the last 8 games Willis McGahee has only scored 1 Touchdown.
Enjoying my Sunday wit my lil cuzzins & football
Don't also discount the idea that NFL likes having it open. Gives them leverage in every other city.
will you be back saturday? ??
You know the signs telling you to close your windows before going through the automatic car wash? Those are for people like me.
Totally. Dude is reinventing the wheel. lol RT : "Just when you think everything has been done to death.”
Shit yeah, Yanks. I bet Nick Swisher doesn't get the least bit drunk tonite. No way.
An awesome wk in ATL visiting my dad and meeting great ppl for my documentary. Still have roots here, sometimes hard to leave...
Indeed. Officially Masters of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies with a concentration in American Musical Culture.
just got called cooler than someone else because i love taylor swift's love story. yes.
Life is sbout making mistakes and Death is about wishing you made a whole lot more
Slayer done kicking ass!!! Now Metallica.
yeah, saw. hopefully after all those fests
yeah I did y didn't u come over and say what's up
Gotta love the single life :-)
I love to eat!!, movies, clubs, smoke weed, do hair, talk shit, laugh, joke, & go shopping :))
Omg omg omg I wish I had screenshot to show yall the conversation between me & my bestfriend right now !
Made it 18 mos b4 our first trip to Urgent Care w/ Now we're at Children's for a bump on the head & projectile puke. Cc
cereal before bed >
Yes! Been living in the desert SW for 7yrs. Need to get back to the Maine coast. Thx again for sharing your art.
still good WRs and LBs available with picks tomorrow. If Weeden plays to ability WRs will be better already.
Check out Looking to rethink schools w tech use.
Hey, , I need feedback on the #comp3 idea.
much needed bro.. Much needed lol
was on a good roll this morning, then lunchtime came, and now I don't feel like doing anything.
be careful with plenty of fish lots of weidos lol <U+E40D>
thank you as well, have a great weekend.
Most people we've ever squeezed into a #RantRave last night? What an epic chapter. Thank you,
My fault lol
Great beer mussels and habanero tequila at tonight in SB with and my mom!!!!
In NM, the terms of a contract are ignored by both parties. Too casual for my taste.
First day at ongoing. Can't wait to start learning!
Your welcome. You're so nice to me. :)
Congrats, my friend!
Now that you bring it up, I do recall that coming up once in a conversation years ago. I wish I had his career stats!
A girls trip in Vegas? Sounds amazing! Let us know if you need help planning it out :) ^AP
headed to Vegas in 3 hours. a storm will be following us out.
Had one of the strangest parent-teacher encounters today. REALLY THO
being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person
#autism #autismawareness #TeamFollowBack you are strong stand tall and never for get the gift of love you have
I can always arrange for some bacon my friend!
That's awesome to hear. Thanks for sharing the great news, you just made our day! : )
Who's going to warped tour? If you are tell us who you're going to see. If not tell us why you're not going!
everybodys working for the weekend
we'll come to you next!
We will be holding a contest for the best picture sent to us via Twitter. Send your best picture to us to be entered to win $15.00
Thank you and for the follow!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> so what's new
Dear mom, thank you for always being an inspiration. -gab.
no, you guys rock our world! :) congrats on the album!!
On the Road Again
2012 is going to be ridiculous. Grateful for this year and all the support for PassTheNotes.
Brunch, winery on this beautiful day....
hi I love you as usual. Your text almost made me cry last night. Love ya lady <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
Are u fucking serious.?
From February to July 2011, there was no internet. Youth filled void with independent media, printing own articles and distributing
if I remember lol
Cuz I want too so bad I'm definitely coming out that way soon.
ya I'm very new at it but username is cippycup
Shooting Vegan 101 Season 2 with Eric Roberts next week!
Getting ready to hop on-air on ! If you're not in Laredo, listen online at www.949theworks.com. Text your "fist bumps" to 69491!
my uncle calls chicken wings peg legs..
everytime I see the trailer for #titanic I feel like crying
i had funn to n yea i knw i comment on tweets late haha
Watching "Good Fellas"
I LOVE YOU BESTIE <333 ;D
Will the Hawks make history today???
A slight increase in hiphop mention on ATP this leads me to believe your swagger is on the rise. Coincidence, or new coverage?
The pastor who wishes to burn the a sacred book wants to be judgemental as a Christiandom
yeah I kinda feel bad for the guy..
B part of "The Crew" of volunteers & have a front row seat 2 ABQ's largest event! Contact, Deb Bains, 505-768-6027. Hope 2 see U there!
Hello Alf! Hope you and family are well.
PR folks who have 291 email addresses in their releases need to learn about BCC.
if I had eggs, I would throw them at ya'll when ya'll pass my building.
Im fuckin starving but I ate 2 steaks rite before I took that nap what the hell
Also, I need a Pepper Potts in my life. More to keep me on top of things, but I wouldn't turn down the romance either.
Single is not a status. It's a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
kewl....hey are you following me i dont think you are
Let's "Make a DEAL Monday!" Do you have a product/service/book/blogg that you wish to promote, & never thought you had a budget to do so?!
Motivate - For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
And just like some bosses gleam when they get ass kissed, the GOP gleams over his lies
awe haha i wish i was there.
"I can't drink this coke without a straw!" -Wesley Wingo, on
Well, I guess I would recommend JAZZSPACE.com, though it's just for Pittsburghers. :)
Washington may look into Student Loans and Online Poker? How much has been lost and who's is going to Pay,
where was the concert you went to in your bio
gross? I don't think either of us have begun to describe gross yet however, my son peed in his ear yesterday.
Kids at Positive Tomorrows summer camp will celebrate the first day of summer by going swimming and kayaking today!
i can't find the strength to let go. im sure you feel the same.
Ha that sounds extremely boring for you! Glad he was concerned and reached out.
Damn girl you do it well <U+2600><U+26A1>
God bless the Broken road...
i spent my weekend reading 2 books and starting a third today. yep.
Everyone seems to be doing stuff tonight, but I have no plans. Wtf
The Republicans need to be sure the base is enthusiastic for Nov election
RT : ATL: TODAY enjoy the NBA Playoffs, Free Courvoisier,Grilled Food & More
Busy first day in Phnom Penh! Tuk tuk rides, University of Health Sciences tour & dinner at Sky Bar. Tomorrow: Koh Dach!
EN ROUTE with my 12 new friends..Yuss hut, I'm coming!!
I <3 RIVERS!!!!!!!!!!! DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE
Thank you to our troops as we remember this day.
Peter Jackson can go on all he wants about 48fps on #The Hobbit, but I'm going to see it in 2D anyway (at 24fps, thank you very much)
Congrats on the nomination! Love my Santoku knife!
Have a great weekend!
good morning! Hope u have an amazing day! :)
oh ! :) it's an app ! lol. One direction app
#SMPP Get on this call!
Montgomery, AL (700 mi)
What is it with drunk girls and refusing to leave comedy clubs. This ain't a sleepover. Get the fuck out!
RT Um that looks like ASS!!!
Hey #CHASE bank -- I need to talk w someone re #shortsale. Your people are dropping the ball and I need answers now.
thanks for your continuous support David! I wish you were my parents.
Slap Bet Record 1-0, don't Slap Bet me!
Wat up San Antonio! Just moved down from NYC ...
“: Sold out MSG in 22 minutes and broke the 24hr VEVO record in 22 minutes...and another #1 worldwide TT #swaggy” that's Bieber for ya
Didn't even go to da movies
Well keep it in mind if for the final space shuttle set
“: Gore cites need for involvement is cure-
Anyone interested in a possibly functioning, wheeling popcorn machine ? $20 from the office vault.
a talent scout just tezted me !!!!!!!!!
#UncleRemusUSA MISS THEY CHICKEN!!
My poor poor family... supported them while I was living foot to mouth... done with that bullshit, now theyre giving my rightful shit away..
if you renting a charger that light bill won't even allow him to get one #enterprise lol
I feel like crying rn.
Why thank you! RT : Krispy Kreme is better anyway!
I hope you have a good day today :)
I feel silly for not knowing who was until a couple days ago. But now she's kinda my hero.
Stop by Wafrique @ 757 N Milwaukee St for complimentary Kenyan tea if you're still there at noon.
Just text me back?! #Gah !!
To all my friends at the track today...May the Fourth be with U. Enjoy and be safe!
Yikes - Did That Happen While You Were Playing w/the Rugrats?
smoked so much I feel sick
Breaking: this place is loud.
SXSW: Block off yr calender: 3/20: all day at the tiniest bar in Texas: Merrifield Records showcase feat No Lover and the Danvilles! B REDDY
Only on will you hear a bluegrass cover of Walk This Way.
Also, I, too, have a queasy feeling when I usually see LifeFlight. I'm reminded that someone's having a much worse day than me.
All to control the health of stock values, hide the liver transplant. Damn good PR power; probably one of few celebs who managed it.
Distance between two hearts is not an obstacle; rather a beautiful reminder of just how strong true love can be
#nowplaying "Judie's Theme" from The Electrifying Eddie Harris.
Hes going to kick some ass but Red Skull supose to be in it as well but not showing him yet
get on Twitter trick!!!!
Thanks for sharing. This is an inspiration to all of us who work as independent filmmakers.
Wow, it's good to be a Silverlight dev in Seattle. I get a new job offer every day!
By flux, you mean turnover? Maybe.
Here with the family :)
Sleep is my best friend
need to get up
Kudos SD Mayoral candidates for raising quality of life issues in the U-T this week!
Lot going on in tonights show! I wanna know how Troy jumped the levy
... I am bummed that didn't get first place but she is still a winner!
wholesome like chia gel in a mason jar
TIL Kevin Love is a beardy white guy. Had no idea. I always assumed good looking black dude, bald headed. Twitter needs to be more visual.
Oh my lord. I just realized Glee is on tonight. THINGS ARE ABOUT TO GO DOWN... I JUST KNOW IT.
Tallahassee was chosen as Florida’s capital because it was halfway between the existing governmental centers of St. Augustine and Pensacola.
"If I changed the world for you. I bet you wouldn't have a clue."
literally crying at these last few episodes of dance academy :'(
Alumni asks about balancing relationship with China.
"...everyone ought to have a fair chance at success."-
. is launching so much amazing stuff If you aren't already, pay attention to this man!
Yum! RT “: Caramel laser beams.” What's this about? New DoD weapon? Sounds non-fatal.
Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic.
conferences all day at the inter-con hotel Showcases tonight Check out the facebook page the yellow phone music conference
run and tell that!
Woo no school for me, instead the beach !
Gay straight or bi its nobodies business but mine.
Hipsters are all out in uptown tonight! Nice weather is the ticket for hipster sightings.
Nice one!
Good Morning Loves!!!! At work early!!!! Today is going to be a GREAT day!!!
Gaga Already You Video "Marry The Night" I WANT LOOK
Ugly Kid Joe Cocker
Or you could enjoy indoor baseball in Milwaukee!
I like your music but you need more genres! #toomuchpunkrock lol
I luv that song
I don't plan on getting a car anytime soon, but if I do, that 2012 VW Beetle is pretty tempting.
At the Valley Hi N. Laguna neighborhood watch meeting. Folks are concerned about the crime rate in D8. Public safety is my top priority.
What are some helpful sales enablement books?
I'm gone and you're all alone.. Its just you and your echos.
Recover quickly! We need you out there!
Got Death Before Dishonor VI at the merch table, about to throw that shit on and fall asleep to its greatness.
My baby sister is making me watch Disney.
how I said you were cute.
I only missed 2 and a half hours of a normal shift, then had my regular 2 days off
Just realized I've been wearing a hoodie all day.
I've only been there for events. Would you recommend it for dinner?
Yeah, that was me. RT: Now I just dropped my ice cream facedown on the floor. Not my day.”
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN TOMMROW?? JUST WONDERING! I HAVE TO DOG SIT:(
Oh my!!! I hope is okay! What a great man!
now take off your pants!
NCAA Final Four #client Coke Zero lobbies to make day after, ahem, 'Big Game,' a national day off. Personally, that sounds super.
Self-Assessment Group Report (April 22nd Get-together) | Exploring ...
DUDES! WHAT DO U WANT for catering when u come to ks? what foods and drinks?
what? you're proudly credited on the twitpic page. Don't be a Spartan.
Thanks for the add! Have a great weekend and #MuchSuccess to you!
sounds fun either way....my cousin used to live by the bagnell dam on lake of Ozarks and saw ppl snag some monsters
Wow! I'm done!
Bonus of running in the rain...? Fewer people to dodge.
It was really hot in Wisconsin today.. Come tomorrow, there will be storms!! Going to be out stormchasing and maybe see other stormchasers!
RT 55 health IT geeks need a PLAN B for a meeting in DC on Tu and We 9-5; need wifi, free space, have food. Ideas?
He has been unwilling to name his source. Even when asked to do so. That is not an accusation. That is a fact.
#GATORS are not this bad on paper. Record is a product of horrible coaching. As a #GEORGIA fan I almost feel robbed.
With Steven and Morgan <3
THAT CEREAL LASAGNA LOOKS AMAZING! We're gonna try it!
Wishing I had my cable installed already... Movies will have to work I suppose
already bro that's what I wanna hear get it in
This boy got his WHOLE damn family in my ear !
Its funny when you jump to yout phone everytime it rings thinking its him and it actually your mom or dad.
#dreamscometrue RT : we're at a new level - -
Yes you will lol
We're looking for brands to pass out free packs w/us to people waiting in line for X Factor Apr 19.
Well I guess Im done for todayy. Goodnight
The study also showed the same results in muscle fitness with only 2-3 minutes of high intensity training. www.quickgymcs.com
THIS THURSDAY there will be a discussion of the movie, Clueless, in McElroy 141 at noon led by Prof. Judith Wilt. Pizza will be served!!
Actually, it was sad: I won every month in grade school (when most # stars = most # books read)...but was allergic to pizza.
RT ": I don't change sheets." .....My Nigga O_o
Remember: Karma has everybody’s address and a motherfucking stamp.
can we send you a story? our event tomorrow is in Portland. The race relations are bad and the Senator is addressing issues
I miss u too faith
Yes it is! WhooHoo! Now it would just warm up! Spring!!
Get your freaking tickets from us now!!! $45 flat!
It got ugly out real quick
yeah um hm got you back! #pow you'll get better w/ age. ha ha
OMG is this ijever kid still going on!? if they do this challenge Austins voice will suffocate him
the theme song from you know which pitch with cat-like-feet just came on pandora. what a trip. miss you lovely.
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?? I<U+FFFD>m halfway through my fish burger and I realize, Oh man<U+FFFD>
It's raining cats and dogs and rain.
Busy, busy day at work, but causal dress day and cocktail taste testing makes it all worth it! Now, I am ready for the weekend!
Happy New Year!
Neck game CRUCIAL, that wham stay WET.
Are you ready for Monday? How about starting it off with Lavazza Espression’s Espresso Melba. A delicious new offering in April.
he seems to have gotten worse at singing... Or I possibly just hate him now, I dunno.
Next stop, Helsinki
Hiring:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, drivers, Android
“: Stupid questions waste time, energy and thought!”
Sassy rehearsal was a blast tonight! Ready to rock Arnolds tomorrow night!
I'm cravin an Italian sausage wit grilled onions
cus I saw that pic at the bridge. You got a car we could.borrow? Lets chill!
2 months till we record our first album! Cannot wait for you guys to hear it! We'll be giving it away for FREE
Great advice! Be smart this #Little5, friends. Listen to your inner cricket! RT : Let your conscience be your guide.
Yes!<3 kinda disappointed tho.. i think everyone was expecting a full out music video..
Had a great day wit an even better night wit my Stax family
it should happen! I'd watch it! lol.
Hossana to the Son of David - Blessed is He that Cometh in the Name of the Lord!
Most amazing Mother's Day! I'm so blessed with the greatest friends & family. Hope everyone had a great day too!
I'm gonna try to start using this twitter account...I opened it so I might as well get to tweeting!
I loved Isaacs, his interactions with his family & psychiatrists. But the police story part just didn't work for me
Trying out the new Twitter App from the Mac App store, and I like it so far. Will be interested to see what other apps come out.
RT : Bin Laden never should of bought that iPhone
Want a great way to jump start Spring? Register today for our May workshops!
Happy birthday to our very own ! Hope u have an incredible bday weekend!
thanks she was great I just took it for granted but now it's all me hitting up the gym very soon thanks for the support bro
Where anyone can be a Republican frontrunner for the presidential candidacy ... except
I always get bombarded with words with friends at the worst times! Lol oh well.
My little brother better come to my house this weekend
1st accomplishment of the day... kids where they need to be! Now off to work :-)
What's the number to VH1. They gettin' a call today!
. I can't find the energy to expend on looking for things to upset me. I think #boca needs a hobby. Or eighty.
What wacky hi-jinks did TNA pull?
IDK the update on the co-owning thing on here but when the owner comes on if you see this can i plz still co-own? - rachel
that bother me:)
I dont hate on em.. I salute em :P
School time~~
Thank you!:)
I would like to Thank and for making this a great weekend for me! I love you guys!
Beaty class (skincare and makeup) will be on 9/16-9/18. Anybody want to learn with me?
"She just asked me if I speak jew....."
I'm rolling out some new features but I won't throwing a huge launch party or anything. That's only for VC funded companies.
make sure to upload some pics of your new orchids and T5 system
Call with your local requests now! 585 222 2899
Humpal gets key strikeout. One out, bases still loaded.
yes sir!
Happy Friday-kick'n back w/grandkids & pizza-it's a good life don't ya think?
Thanks for the comment about the geese with snow on their backs. Wasn't that so cool?? Thanks again.
my school doesnt have mirrors in the bathrooms. WTF. only in the gym.
come over next weekend then!
oh man. that was a day-maker right there.
#ThatAwesomeMoment when your Itunes is on shuffle and every song that comes on is likable!
"why don't we all just be friends" haha i would rather die in an oven
Anyone have tips for using Lotus Notes with a Droid? I need to get work e-mails and am suffering from my love of the android system.
"I wanna order you at Subway 'cause you're fresh."
Something about these announcers for the B1G championship game are just not doing it for me.
Thank you !! Just saw Frankenstein in #DFW. Riveting! Stunning!
Nice book
I got Sonnen! Hope he kills Bisping! I'm going with Davis in the upset.
good times last night really cool to meet and see congrats to michael david lucas, SF champ
You just made Sportscenter's opening, how does it feel?
oh if i did it would stay in my cheerio lol
Tomorrow at 7pm Baltolug meeting. Topic: what do you look for in a Linux distribution?
is this line to go to the parade?!
When God hands you lemons, you find a new God.
:( its just a little dance lol. I tolled Austin Hamilton about it. he said he would shake his hips with you lmao
Bahaha RT : Since we now know that Rosie's killer was Oprah, these #Killing promos have lost some of their zip.
When interviewing on air, concentrate on what the reporter is saying. Even if you freeze up, so what? Laugh at yourself and plow ahead.
today is a day of remembering those lost 10yrs ago...its hard to believe its been 10yrs...god bless those who suffered and lost loved ones
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
At the northwest side Irish parade. Drinking season has begun!
Soo my boyfriend played my Tiny Tower last night while I fell asleep! He says he doesn't like it but hm ;D
when I get home can I apply to become one of your producer? Is there a certain amount of producers available??
Watching the first 48 with ma dad . He's ma bestfriend i promise I appreciate everything he's ever did for me always there.
Bouta ride out to columbus, txt my shit.
For openings in the cruise ship industry and overseas hotel industry, please "Like" our facebook page: www.facebook.com/monestudiospage! xx
you got our vote in round 2 of the mock mayoral race - and we hope to face off against you in round 3!
yes! The missing component.
what r u doin up
oh we'll see about that! I'm asking errrrbody!!
Plus I never cut my to go natural. I cut it because I thought I would have to get chemo. But my doc and I decided to try something else
I'm sorry but this is the real person for this account that that didnt tweet you 4 days ago someone just hacked my page.
Heard you on talking about the #NFL #Concussion litigation. You were spot on. Great job KT!
House going on market next Tuesday instead of today. Whew. A little breather.
Thanks! Claire would be happy!
even on twitter you tweet too much lmfaoo
Where is the newest promo video for with Julian, Louis, and Thomas?? It was up on youtube and now its gone :(
well happy early birthday :D
why would you add this godforsaken meebo bar to your site? i have trouble imagining any user who enjoys having it there
Have Fun Be Safe
Two players I have helped coach through their hs careers could go over 1000 pts tonight vs us. How's that for irony?
Awesome panel at Day of #Fosterly with
I love Nigel Thornberry.
I'm yours to keep if you want me. If you want me, I'm yours.
Tryna get that Michael Jordan hoop earring
What brands do you think have the best brand experience?
If you are busy thinking about your neighbor's garden, you cannot cultivate your own.
rates for sexual abuse were reported at 12 percent and 49 percent for men and women, respectively
Oh so this is the famous Castiel <-Kelsey xoxo>
Send me a follow & I'll dm you
Thanks for the follow! Do you go to Canada's Wonderland often? I had my first visit on opening day 2008 and rode Behemoth really early
Ugh hopefully I get these three chapters.
As you go thru the Exhibits be sure to stop by the #ALAStore (Booth 1835) Think fasion forward and get your #alamw12 t-shirt early!
Just cuirous do you know why #sportingkc gams are not broadcast live on radio? Is no one willing to carry the feed?
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made <U+2665> I loved her when I was younger(: her music,movies,and tv shows was all I watched/listened to(:
Slight panic set in upon learning I was the only person nominated for dept Chair election. Crap. This is really gonna happen.
Don't worry my true friends will always be my family...but we might have to see each other next reunion
Birthday today :) Shoot then party with the family. #lovelife #HappyBirthdayToMe ;) <3
ur officaly 16 im sad but yet im happy!!!! <333 i sen u a gift but shhhhh u will see it soon
Daddy. Direction? What the actual fuck.
wow! I wanna hear that story
My growler's looking forward to being Harvest-filled! Good thing I'm filling in for 2morrow
I'm incapable of sleeping past 6:00am. Getting old sucks!
board as hell
you're beautiful<3 i want to tell you how i feel but i don't know if you feel the same way. I hope you give me a chance<3(:
Trying to go a whole day without using exclamations or emoticons
Good point. Hopefully no team will take him and he remains retired.
His name is Buster... just in case you need'm!
Break Legs! RT : Auditioning for Maria Hubbard tomorrow. Setting myself up for future successes. :)
I haven't seen it yet either.
you must have sumone to "snuggle" with 2day sexy girl! That's y I'd want a thunder-boomer!
i love yall,but im a grown ass women lemme make my own choice about this!
lmao I know right? He said kiss me somewhere dirty, so I took him to des plaines. Lmao!!!!
I remember when I had under 100 followers and was jealous I wasn't in a picture RT : i remember my first bandana
Hi Peter, actually Motian is not well, cancelled all gigs. But Satoshi Takeishi is playing! Thx
This is the latest i've stayed up all week. Hahaha :P
ask me to follow somone and i will
Lindy Fix at 8 tonight at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Come out for our first dance on our new night! Lesson by Mark and Sylbie with DJ Nate.
has determined the printer in the grand jury office is the bane of her existence.
Happy 11/11? I'm thinking more "Happy birthday, Mom." <3
tiger shoots a 71.
Carving fools up on the turf. come watch, you will learn a thing or two about futbol.
Heisey tries to do too much, Brantley? When has he ever been given a real chance to be an every day player?
I hope my son's musical tastes evolve. Right now he doesn't seem to interested in much except disney songs.. which is still a-ok.
Q: What is the difference between a fish and a piano? A: You can't tuna fish!
do you prefer that version w/Deckard's voiceover or Ridley's cut?
my god bro said are you tatting tonight or tomorrow?
Lol i'm so weird
why not 1900?!? SLACKER!! :)
LMFAO I forgot you the type of nigga that aint got medicine after 420 #LOSING get ya shit together n watch how everything else come
I have an interview on Friday that looks good . If anything its practice right? lol
Never make the same mistake twice. There are so many new ones to make.
Proud to have as a co-sponsor of this year's Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival!! www.wisconsinbeerloversfest.com/
Amen! We need some variety over there! Can't wait to see Melissa McCarthy too.
lmao that's the only answer you getting for now!
Thanks for the retweet! Fiesta Finals Perks is a blast!
I don't wanna get up!
Baby's already unhappy and crying...
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires
Slept 10 hours last night. I might have been tired
They're still clinging on with Windows 8!
follow my twitter and visit my site. i'm about to start up a contest giving away training camp tickets... stay tuned
Nice to meet you too.
somewhere along in the bitterness
aw thanks :)
Members Card Heat under 193 (25 units)
it came out today bro
Payola for the Most Profitable Corporations in History « Bill Totten&#39;s ...
Still thinking about #InTheUpperRoom performance on Friday night. Just amazing! Blew me away.
sour patch kids
Hey! I just joined Twitter recently too - decided I needed a better intel source after the earthquake hit. Hope things are good!
me too
Gonna process some books at the local public library branch!
Me: I'm sorry that woman just yelled at you. Him: What do you want. Me: Where I can I find a cassette/voice recorder. Him: What year is this
I need a job. Who can help me with that?
#losinginthefinalfour how's that?
Who's your inspiration.?
No could top my moms pancakes
Santorum's version of catholicism is fantasy land. He'd fail to be hired as a teacher in a Jesuit high school.
What are some good songs??
right on! Thanks for the heads up. I don't do yogurt really but maybe it's time to start
my hair is thin, so I said "fuck it" and I'm shaving it off and growing a little beard.
no idea... And honestly, no time. Just planning to join someone else's group and help for the weekend.
Today we're shooting the photoshoot scene from episode 5 of Sherry's Kitchen. It's gonna be so much fun!
congratulations on a great fight & victory
Happy Birthday Tupac, Soccer Madness, NCAA Football Earthquake is over... For Now. Big East stays the same. Lakers easily force a Game 7.
well to me it was only bad cause i didnt eat at all and i started cramping up and getting dizzy af. But thanks
Happy day of birth!
Be wise, be kind, be grateful; because, we never know what each day will bring. Blessings to all!!
Staying in and watching dvd's ,sounds like a plan to me .
Don't you just hate when clients agree to events & shows on their own, then want you to back track to be sure it's a good look!
What you make happen for others GOD will make happen for you. Give until it hurts.
My three year old holding my old Blackberry: "MOM, pwease I'm twying to TWEET!!!"
BIG Father Son moment
Dj deoy what's good
Presale for & ah
Ha. Nice. Now that's some marketing. It's more like the Poor Man's glovebox.
Obama doesn't have to fight for his staces because the Repubs. are the worse option than Obama.
omfg, i might chicken out on this job...
#theworst -Editing, I read that "Aly" notices her chipped nail polish. What do I do next? Remove my chipped polish.
Infants, children, teens & young adults need to be vaccinated against meningococcal disease.
I have tattoo fever. I have 6 already & I still wanna get more lol. Smh.
#Touch is on ...already getting misty!
I also think it's time to re-ombre muh hairzzz
in the
Now for breakfast.
I had mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce and a cheeseburger
i haven't really had the best last two days of the week ... but you always motivate me thank u for getting me thru the day
had so much fun in LA with you & the cast of #bubblegum smackers
Sadly, I'm with Lesley. I can BARELY drink water while I run. Beer might send me into barfzone
I want that playful, silly, loving, caring, laughter filled, GREAT sex, drama free, ex free, hoe free, life long, SERIOUS relationship.
This is the problem: What is true to you is not real. All it needs is a little analysis. How much importance are you giving to this 'me'?
Passing through Sakura-con (anime fest). And needless to say, I clearly dont belong here.
haha sucks to suck!!
. I hope you know that after 18 month journey WI needs help with Barrett win or energy for Nov will be a slippery slope!
I seriously need to paint my nails tonight #Unattractive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Thanks for the RT!!! :)
you are now.
Its nice to get feedback and even better when its positive - a little can go along way :)
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to continuing the Terp tradition of entrepreneurship!
What is gettin me for my birthday >>> <U+E057>
damn i never seen u ever get upset on tv that bank of america story got u rattled
charles barkley is a joke!
Love that #reggiemiller is trending right now.
not all people.
- what you have going on in that island--Haiti & DR are separate, but unequal international policies.
Already done! :) Love your stuff. Keep it up!
Im watching too many things at once
thank you so much for coming to JCC this morning. My son Noah was so excited to meet you in person
Holding back tears can give you headache
RT : In my mind I'm punching Carolina.
Things are ok. I have been sick for the past few days thanks to Derek giving me his sickness but other than that I'm good.
thanks! Great suggestion - will do so.
right on man.
Liberals focusing outside money on grass-roots organizing and turnout - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
may 8th? Oh, that's plenty of time
#wedding workout plan
what's the deal with Porcello's delivery? I thought the starting overhead was here to stay.
I have a client who I'm bring to AV tonite, if any hot girls want to come, please call/text me at (310) 971-3346 asap for walk in time.
Hey the sandman is going to have to sneak up on me. Going hard at the music tonight.
The yearly hat tip to Nicklas Lidstrom. Was it the last year of an awesome career? I hope not. At 41 he's still one of the greatest.
Sorry for the phishing scam!!! Hacked 35 minutes ago! Boo.
and I love Japan
aw <3 <3 <3 you and are THE cutest couple ever!!!!! but I tell you that every day ;)
Allegro Dance Company will be performing at the Ohio County Library in Wheeling WV on March 15 @ 7pm...join us!
Daily Special, Mon 03/12/12 - Country fried steak served with mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
Moving images to the server this morning. Couple meetings this afternoon.
Additional problem is that I don't know which ones there are, so it's literally taking stabs in the dark!
Really? Wow. Sad stuff. I guess we were the only ones watching it.
wish o wish I had HBO! Who's watching Girls tonight?
RT : Welcome to Friday, #Tucson! ##FF! Dig into your inner sunshine..brighten up your day--it's cool, cloudy out there!
would love to catch a break.
Mar 25, 1942: Channon: Churchill made a dramatic bid for more loyal support from Conservatives.
RT if you love your fans <U+2665>...
Being loyal when you are not around, difference between real women and hoes.
maybe we'll start a trend.
Beautiful day for some rays.
Student Quote: "Chess makes me curious. I think it keeps my mind working. Maybe it keeps me active. " - Christina, 9
RT "Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone expects of you. Never excuse yourself" -Henry Beecher
Good morning my beautiful followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
you were pretty, I'll leave it at that lmao.
Miami Heat :)
Sitting on the couch with my corgis & guest Bassett hound. No one is barking or attacking anyone. I feel like I deserve a Nobel Peace Prize.
Ed Hartnell you are a hideous dude
I plan to
Something Wimpy This Way Comes.
Thanks Mark!
I hate when I hit scan on the radio, and I stop on a song, start grooving, only to realize it's the Christian station.
definitely a good one!
it's better here haha
Landing in denver soon for alliance conference!
Weird that both my TV airings have been on the 16th, my lucky number!
Happy First Day of Spring, everybody! We finally made it! If only the forecast weren't in the 40s next week...
haha.Tell you what when you order a shirt,tell me and Ill throw in something for you since youve been awesome w/the support
I'm confident that I will rise to the occasion
Happy Birthday ! Thanks for always spreading the love for #iOS game! Would not be where we are w/o you!
Our Jamie Bock is now on tap! Grab a pint or growler at our brewpub and start wishing for longer days and warmer temperatures
While I'm with you.
thanks, matt!!
My life is a message!
1st soccer game in the books. Mr. Kindergarten with 2 goals and an assist. And a sticker for Christlikeness.
Welp, have no one to talk to. Oh
Honestly.. im glad to know you care.
Hey , , and other Bmore Food Trucks, we would like to invite you to #betascape on Sept. 24, We've got a lot for you.
you look amazing even though your sick!Maybe writing back to some fan mail might help!
i love you
Of course we have life gaurding shizzz til 9 when its amazing outside and on cinco de mayo!
Bike night starts at tonight. anyone going?
Why do priests whisper at the end of sermons? Is that something they're taught in seminary?
#males main twitter
Oh okay just reply with one word answers. Its not boring or anything .....
amen to that girlie
Make sure you don't fall in love cuss I don't have time for that
i also cannot spell.
Rule #2 Never throw out your leaves before the second brew
. I don't see his post as necessarily bashing modernism, rather pointing out the timelessness of good... +
I voted for RNG over 400 times I think that deserves a follow please.
Just came from workin out at the gym
thanks for the follow!
Loves watching the murder the
Last regular show of The Destruction of the 4th World tonight at 8.
tough loss for the Broncos tonight - there's always next week right?
I gotta say she scard the sh/t out of me talking like that. Woo Naww "Pineapples!" ~I dont like it!!!! ~KH lol
that akward moment when ur listening to ur ipod on shuffle on a thursday at 11:59 and friday by rebecca black plays
Quote from #NBA Great Kevin McHale today on being successful: "You've got to out-work your talent".
Former Skid Row drummer, Phil Varone, is selling molds of his own wiener. I'm gonna sell molds of my voluptuous butt cheeks.
Love the smell of fall. That crisp air.
New song "Boyfriend" Is amazing:)
Big congrats to for being named a Pulitzer Prize finalist for their work at the capitol.
#GoReds Looking to win the opening series of the year v the Marlins
Sorry, should I have called?
Check your Air Conditioning Filters at least once a month!
": Sex is 10x better when you love the person you're doing it with."
Scout mate of son insisted on riding, didn't know how to get on, pitched a fit when he fell over, then coddled by Mommy afterwards
#SaySomethin BEST. SONG. EVER.<3 It's been on repeat for hours now<3 (: #ProudMahomie #Mahomie4Life #MahomiesGoHard :D
How does a hillbilly get circumsized??? He asks his sister to close her mouth
i swear, as much as i dislike people, i definitely don't hex them. If Pepe turns up injured, then i'll start worrying..
Nice to see a band actually perform live....and killing it!
I'm going to go work on mine. I killed half a honeydew today.
Well, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much...wait, did you mean the baby or the bouncer? :)
it starts at like 7:15 and cool
in the studio this week recording demo's for our upcoming EP! get stoked it's coming soon!!
Barcelona and Argentina since I was 6.
I'm afraid it's a feedback loop too. You distrust evolution so you distrust scientists so you distrust climate change so...
Forecast for next week....in the 40's everyday, Yay! Two weeks and the convertible is coming out of the garage!
This is outstanding news for us poker junkies. Thank you. Can't wait until 1/15
That was a brilliant and beautiful read. Thank you for sharing.
Finally the Rock has come to Cleveland
like a couple of drunk idiots.
Bbl I need to like get mh mind off all this shit and Play some bball
Tired at work. Can't wait to get the hell out of here
it was cookie monster sticker lol
Do you ever wonder what the people reading our tweets think about us? I mean they must think we're on crack or something..
Oh shit! The gaming possibility just took precedence for me!
Who really likes those "30 under 30" articles besides the people in them?
I know what it is like to lose everything, but one thing I will never lose is my praise
WOW!! J-Hud covered it in her own special way. And it worked! Tears flowing...
Yes he does follow
Im supposed to have an excused abesence thingy in gym for like the past two months , so it wont effect my grade , but theyre not countin ...
Great week for us this week. Very productive! Busy busy next week as well..
Distant divine healing followed by a consultation . W.color-me-love.com
i agree it was her own style !
you're a fool.
If you lived in Siberia and you wronged the Russian government where would they send you?
Tell me you provided the uncensored version to the cops. Heh.
To make everybody happy i think i would need a clone.
a number of them, but not like last year.
The downtown San Diego Gaslamp Quarter reminds me of toontown or some kind of simulacrum of a historical urban district.
Somebody stop me! Im watching "Deliverance" ... anticipation is killing me! Why do i do this to myself?!
my goalie won a fight vs your player
I have a 10 yr old who has the attitude of a 13 yr old !!! HELP GRRRRRRRRRR.
whats in your package?! :o
Reruns of Big Bang on TBS. oh yeah!
Sho feels dam good to me wen I push it inside of u!!
SPOT on!
Neat! Thanks for the link.
Anything for an O.G. We go way back. I was once vegan, actually. And...now I eat foie gras and blue-rare steak all the time.
What book are you currently reading to better yourself and/or grow your enterprise?
Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting" is playing one last time tonight at 11PM! Catch it for $5
OMG! Thank you very much!
Wayne Labar of LSC "relationships w museums was 1 way - telling the visitor – now, visitors want 2 go both ways & interact w other visitors"
wow, no i just dont wanna get arrested
And General Washington said "the '12s are in. And all the '11s must go, go GO!"
Excited for #erl12 next week, my first conference!
It's a stupid song lol
pretty sure thats everyone, not just you
Artfully quiet today for some reason...
And we only see real outcry when it's a gay NPC interested in you. Here, I'm a strong proponent of forcing players to deal with it.
I always love sharing! Best group ever to explore the topic of communicators as change agents. Thank you!
I recall Pawnshop with Jerry Reed and Dom DeLouise and a tv show called "Concrete Cowboys." Still love his picking n writing
no no no what makes you think that jubberish.
Berk update: Toe is gone and the stub is healed. Infection excised, biopsy negative. Berk is moving around fine, but, alas, is still crazy.
Heard at the LMA conf: LinkedIn is a great way to rekindle a professional relationship. Who will you link with today?
very true.
8... Guys that play around with you n_n
I said it was my opinion
Dish Danny! If u r leaving it better be someone equally stellar! RT: Curious who new community manager will be!
I love my Google TV
Many experts recommend the use of an insect growth regulator when it come to fleas-see you Vet for more info.
excited to be working with the presentation team, it's really coming along
great pres this am. Maybe you should prep w/ a 4am bedtime more often! Totally kidding there. Sent you txt re:dinner tmr nite...
How is everyone doing?
Lmfaoo and IM strange right?
Got the windows down and popped in Less Than Jake's Hello Rockview
congrats!! That's pretty awesome. My wife watches the show, so I'll be sure to have a listen while she's watching.
Fuck pants get bitches.
Really? Beach Boys? Really? Couldn't get the 8th Generation of Temptations or something??
Ops, I have no insulted at least two friends in the restaurant agency world.
renewed our wedding vows World!
I actually love their grilled cheese sandwiches. DH is big on the ocean water kick!
Apparently you are on pace for 87HR! But let's be serious...75?
So. So. Full. — Great lunch in downtown Waltham though.
dang bro i miss those good old days
I'm ready for your version of 'the decision' RT My Verizon contract has expired. Thank God. I am now a wireless free agent.
We got the #yelp deal... 99 for the "try everything" dinner for two. Normally like 225.
well thanks (:
RT : It's hard to make a good point when you're not sharp.
Dr.Death must have hit Lauranitis with one hell of a Lariat to have injured his throat.
oh goodness...& my phone died too. Smh
You're still the first thing I think of when they say 'make a wish'.
simple, but effective. ;) LLN
Should the wedding party pay for a bride/groom's bachelorette/bachelor party in Las Vegas?
My brother laughs when I cough cause apparently I do some weird breathing thing.. 0.o
you can use the one from ruby's quince!!! haha
Wake up and forgot I had to mop and wash the stove for tmr :-/
how far from your family?
Since the summer started I have apparently developed a bed time of 11pm..while during the school year my bed time was typically 5-6am..why?
TOO much coffee!
...and it was bye-bye New Jersey. we were airborne!
Not going to turn and look back, though. (i might turn into a pillar of salt.)
EasterWeek Specials! Plus We're Still Open all Easter Wkend. Weaves Cuts, Color and Make Up Specialist. Full Barber Services &shoe services
a dream about putting a dream, the shifting shape of a cloud, translucent and yet there to see and to hold, under a microscope
#RejectedPickupLines “Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine.”
What if the whole G.O.O.D music came to The Rave
Posted it to LinkedIn group Grammar Geeks too. That should be interesting.
Really honored & humbled to get to worship with such a sweet church! (I'll bring the Puget Sound tunes in the am)
What kind of education content would you find useful on Pinterest?
That awkward moment when you're talking to yourself and start to smile like an idiot, because you're so hilarious.
Wow, thanks 4 asking! Prob Stanford Press website, as it benefits my publisher and me. ; ) Thanks again for your support!
Thanks dude! Nice to see you there with your son. Hope to see you again soon peace!
This is one of those days that, if your kids ask for it, hot chocolate is probably in order.
What a wonderful way to spend Mother's Day! Good for you! (got rained/snowed out of my cemetery trip today... oh well)
I'm so proud of Austin. You honestly don't know. Remember that little 14 year old boy from Texas? He's now the 16 year old in Miami.
you need to road trip in the summer for week :)))
haha yeah everything's going okay. It's all in God's hands!
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)
O nvm about quitting complaining. Dude must be using this bus as a meat locker.
MAMA CAN HELP! she likes making mahomies happy....right? ;)
2012 let's see what this year brings.God works in mysterious ways.Love thy neighbor.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Follow Back ? <3
Queens Bridge Baby You Already Know!
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. -Alice Walker
Is Gaborik drunk?
Can i get an early bday present from ? Its on wednesday
oh really..... Maybe its just how I read it lmao
Hatchet by Gary Paulsen: Wilderness vs. Boy---Boy wins.
Hi ! Is that DAM internship at ATK still available? Looks very interesting and involves two things I love; food and metadata.
lipstick or lipgloss?
that is funny lol
Big 1 9 soon....party party party.! lol Im so silly.
Wow any more excitement tonight?!
Hate when guys are assholes to their girlfriends. Sure doesn't make u a man!
Aint nothin wrong with enlightenment, its when u use it to keep people blind is where I have the problem. That's what tupac was on.
Amendment 1 has passed in N. Carolina. I blame
which incident? There was much to remember from that night :)
CUZZO. HIT ME UP. I HAVE THESE JOINTZ FOR U. I TALK TO BULL THE OTHER DAY
they might cuz hes like this is why we came here.its romantic he said.uh no,its creepy.crazy people.
I will be creating my new Artist Development/Management Label Contracts this week!! Whoo Hoo!!!-Kingdom Music Business-#On DECK
It feels good going back to my acting roots!! How essential! :)
Welcomed to this Friday morning with another gem from the humble : Bachman Tumor Overdrive
my dress is so tight /:
Obama gave a nice talk at the dinner thing last night. Funny guy, maybe he should be a comedian instead - at least he's kinda good at that.
Thanks for the news Carly Sue's family diner closing... Big shocker there...
thanks guys!<3
listening to some 1940's big band/swing music as I fall asleep...sigh..nite/morning u guys ~_~
Turns out he's just the reconstituted ghost of her stepfather ugh shit did it again sorry
Ambulance 801 back in quarters.. Hopefully for enough time to catch a few hours of sleep.
Good #hellomornings God's Girls! How Is Ur "Love Level"? I pray it Overflows so He may Pour Into U &U Pour His Love out. LuvU :)
y u no luv me
y talking to you.. ;/
Gusting to 48mph in Portland. 10,000 PGE customers without power, 20,000 Pacific Power customers valley wide.
www.foodgawker.com < you won't regret it!
Teaching a class on black tea Sunday.
Yo'! I Have Room For My Forth Hole On My Ear!!YAY!!!Then I Get My Cartilage Done!!!Then My Belly Button!!!Then My Tough!!!
shut your mouth. That is a classic.
#LetsLunch Pls vote: For June,how abt #wedding-, Dad-inspired, #BBQ or summer corn?
Come party with us all day today for the best St. Patrick's Day Celebration in town! Only at Hard Rock Cafe! The best local music and Bob FM
Jose Olivieri is kicking things off! Welcome to #BestSeminar and thanks for following today.
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
Got this detox shit comin my way... I'm in the clear!
since when?
Will be chatting in a few minutes via Skype with the Orlando start up team. Great things are on the way in Orlando.
Hung my art exhibition "Treeing up the Wrong Bark" yesterday at It opens Friday, May 4 in
isn't he like that all the time?? Haha
VDOT is now Facebook! Check us out at www.facebook.com/VirginiaDOT
“: Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.”
Pumped to join in on the big skype call tonight with and some of his artists. Hope to get everyone in there!
yeah he Sold....already looking at exhaust systems, for R6, 600, and 750s.
I'll be the first to admit I'm kinda psychotic lol
Successful day with
Job Opportunity at BBTF - Front-end Web Developer. Full-time ONLY! NO contractors, NO off-shore, NO nonsense. If you are interested please …
RT : Lemme get my ass up that sleep was beautiful .
Social networks make people so much money... Going to go see
I just want to watch GOOD cartoons!!
are going to college day I need a ride
Know and perfect your craft.
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies do not listen to their buyers.
Im gonna go cause ive got no problem saying goodbye.
Bahaha - it's the eyebrows ;) they're all Satan-y. (You're nice.)
Falling asleep listening to a thunderstorm
I'll be home May 1st! I MUST see you, no exceptions! :]
Back at you ": GREAT to meet you!! #smcnsb"
Looking at casting submissions, gasping at so many IDENTICAL bad shots that were clearly taken by the same unknowledgeable photographer!
Nemesys's new single "Away" is and "instant hit"! Check out the track at www.nemesysband.com and vote for "Away" in The Best Band in Denver!
your car is so dope!! I love it!!
I'm thinking, he cks out of turn on button, naturally I'm like it's still on me, then ask for a count & jam 4 his last ~700. He tank callsA5
People still care about D'Angelo? Is he really that good?
Exclusive for our Twitter friends, tweet this exact msg and you could win a freebie from us: "I want a pageant tank top! #MacDuggal"
Was it you Ryan?
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW!!
I see your boob :0
Thanks for the plug. I was wondering about all my new followers. So far Twitter is great!
yikes!!! That's quite the pic!
nice article today, thanks for having the balls to challenge Bob Knight and his
It's really cool that numbers go on FOREVER.
I need counsel with a charter school principal, someone who's built a recreation center, people who know pottery and metal arts production.
The grass is to green.
hey hey hey! I just saw your keek and i think you should do "call me maybe" for your music video. (:
It would be more interesting if the Devils would score... we'll see!
666 Park Avenue? I can't...I just can't.
I'm pretty sure that's called 4play. RT I just saw a woman breast feeding herself.
GET ON A COMPUTER
I wanna say Happy Mothers day..to all the Queens out there that's all about their kids! Ya'll are a blessing..
<U+30C4> I'm that Bitch u see in HD<U+30C4>
Too many politics on twitter
Darling look at me, I've fallen like a fool for you.
I just want a bagel.
Loved it: Augusta is more like a state of mind" presented by Heidi Rae Cooley from USC.
The unthinkable has happened: I've almost gotten the hang of the work phones! And after only eight months, too.
Have to go to Longview, WA today after Forbes named it one of the prettiest cities. So.. any suggestions? (Seriously... any?)
#Watching Man vs. Wild love that show
You can’t keep messing up someone elses feelings just because you are unsure of your own.
Every time I feel discouraged I close my eyes and visualize the future I want. Then I really open my eyes and start to build it.
“: Life is like a box of chocolate, it doesn't last long for fat people.” thief.
Is Bury Your Horses playing? I think Nick said they were playing a show soon.
My Big Fat Greek Tittes
SO. I'm happy won today :') woop.
I hope this w/end prem fixtures aren't called off!!.
If I have 3 signal bars on my phone, why isn't Sprint's 3G network working? ggrrr!
This is the funniest #SNL I've seen in years.
Today in Invention History: Charles Jenkins patents a motion picture machine, 1895
but turns out he'll be the best bargain in town
If it ain't one thing it's another...
CAN'T WAIT! I'll be at 2 of these games. Should be some awful baseball. Want to bet a 6er?
Heading out to Flashbelt 2morow with ! Hope to see you all there!!! Let's ROCK it like we did PEACE!
My 24 hours with the Body Farm in TN is enough for a lifetime. (The scent lingered)
RT : Thanks for all the support, Petra! #FF and Happy Easter!
maybe one day this crap will get easier
Nailed that Phone Interview -
Try rubbing alcohol or baby oil. Or, our favorite: household tape - just press down over the tattoo then pull the tape away.
wont even see a quarter of Them ever again!!
I voted so many times that I got a pop up on my phone that told me to 'cool down!'
Gah I'm so hungry!!! Time for some "Snackage" as the beautiful would say!
I hate when im home alone... I always feel like im being watched. 0.O
you have a pretty smile btw (:
2 hours of work left...then its nap time before i work
#Facebook Have you ever tried to get help from them #non- existent
Keep cool Columbus! Remember to hydrate on your rides!
I loves me some Queens Of The Stone Age!
Wtf im still in class onna last day
Really? Damn. Thought it was tonight.
The boyfriend made asparagus soup tonight for din, it was creamy smooth delicious and still tons of leftovers
So #MotorCityWives might get picked up by VH1..I never watch those shows but might turn into a sucker just because it's Detroit.
Gertie notes that HubSpot's integrated, all-in-one suite of tools makes inbound marketing easy
Having a great time developing new strategies for adding more value at Armand Morin's Persuasion X training in Las Vegas!
Ball so hard mothafucka wanna find me.
They are truly dynamic performers.
#ChulaVista will soon b on Twitter h/t MT just a small update - contacted City and they will soon be on Twitter per Steinberger
PLAY with my homie
Whoa, where might you be going?!?
Debate Teacher Town Hall: Elevate all students to highest level, or provide options to kids from all levels?
Divided By Design live at Brick By Brick! #SanDiego #tonight #rock #show #blackfriday #entertainment #SD With other great
Here's my proposal: forget that work exists and go back to sleep. BUT the show must go on!
I KNOW RIGHT I am always taking mental notes during her books.
pretty much yup
you don't never come see me
you going on tour?
LOL I just saw your interview on GT and that shit was hilarious at the end. I'm going to tell all my lady friends now. Haha
It's finally my turn. In less than 3 hours, I'm going to get #baked and #frosted and smothered in
She only took ONE hour 2 respond, in current dating time, that's most excellente! SKOL! Have fun out there watchin Rocky now!
a late congrats to my alma mater basketball team for advancing to NIT semifinals. Considering MSG tix.
Friendship needs no words--it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. Dag Hammarskjold
damn bowl jackers
love my nigga u da only nigga n the city that rep for a nigga
Playing a whole set at worship tonight!stoked!:) HE>i
thanks and looking forward to making those yeast pancakes this weekend!
Yup, it's been a busy two weeks!! Christmas was great (except for the pea soup debacle). How about you? Happy New Year!
Sounds like you got the better end of the deal :)
Vince Young works out with Bills in bid for QB job - USA TODAY
O.. yummy
“From time to time, the tree of liberty must be watered with the blood of tyrants and patriots.”—Thomas Jefferson
Has anyone read book 2 yet?
Bum day for the writer is a good day for the writing; it will be better for all the anguish.
Wow - Book 2 in the Pampered Pets Mystery series "Get Fluffy" is $1.99 on Kobo AND Kindle!
Today isn't going well. I'm a mess. Can't seem to get my life together. Hope seeing a Broadway show tonight will make it all better
Follow me...Hope your doing well:)
veggie pizza<3
Mercy Corps Monday: Donating 5% of Total Sales each Monday from Open to Close (7am-5:30pm). Your support adds up!
Frameworks helped RT : #pii2012 : until recently, geoloc was 2 expensive 4 consumer products to mature. It's possible now.
Inside The Last TV Network Where Soap Operas Still Reign Supreme via
lmao oh marvin thanks for answerinnnnn kid :D
Hawaii gasoline prices drop
Is this new 90210 really still on the air? Amazing, and arrested development got canceled ;(
Where ever you go there is insperation you might not see it,but its there you just have to look a little closer. (:
NP. Let me know how things progress.
I'm like Mary Tyler Moore. Being all independent in the big city and shit.
I just wished someone would tell me everything will be okay:(
RT : Thanks for the RT and referral to Rachel. She's going to be a blast to work for.
nice car!! Would you take me for a spin in it?
Trying to decide if I can have my 2:00 conference call outside...
i'm home now sup
Oh hell naw...this lady next to me just wiped her boogers with her hand and touched my armrest.. Im dead..
~Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
. What is the point?
That's the point, my dear sister. I am seeing the bigger picture and it's making me very frightened.
Funzio says gamers don't care about their #Facebook friends. They want to find the other gamers! #isa3 (via )
Gotta love a man in aviators!
Congratulations to Catherine Santana & Geraldine Ayap for winning their events today at the Pennsylvania Ballroom Scrimmage!
Ive seen it plently of times-others will throw u under the bus to cover their own ass....
Awh but I just realized u LOVE Seattle but are in AL! Take a month vacay!! Haha Or just stick w/ the online course & life book!
drunk on love !!!
This Memorial Day, we honor the dedication, commitment and sacrifice of all those who fight for freedom and protect our country.
RT if you've been here since' shoot us down'! Mahomies know what this means!!:D
Feel free to take it for yourself! I don't like it.
Learning and laughing in the GoogleEarth session #AIMSTech12 You're a natural dude! What's your twitter handle?
Hey everyone! Just a reminder that ticket prices will increase on September 1st - get them at the discounted price before it's too late!!
Hey Nick, I am writer for ESPN Boston. Wondering if you'd be available for a Boston Marathon Q&A in next couple days.
RT : bitches think they know what sus is....
“Page or post not found.”
Sometimes you have to just let go and let karma take over.
Strange logic: the more people there are in the library, the quieter it is.
Jim Henson, Bruce Lee and Robert B. Parker. Sigh...
dont ever say that!
Chilling inside universal studio. Private event.
“The secret to good friends is no secret to you” - fortune cookie :3
I saw a bluebird, goldfinches, and cardinals today . . . I am lucky.
I cannot believe that STL is on the verge of a sweep. LA is turning out to be formidable.
Gloves are off! lol RT : Oh, fight, re: the #Browns, between and ! Keep it clean, fellas!
1st work week of the new year! Good luck everyone.
At the with friends :)
It's okay, the senior citizen's time is almost up any way. So go ahead, do him/her the favor and make it shorter. ^_^
So ready to wreck the hullabaloo out of A&M. WRECK EM TECH!
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
thanks. i hope so soon because i want to play volleyball!!!
Nice pick-6 !
what kind of chicken are you using?! Chicken of the Sea?!
why not ):
Brio Upper East Side Fish Special, Grilled Chilean Sea Bass, Sweet Potatoes, and Baby french beans...Buon Appetito!
xdmp:encoding-language-detect() is a pretty cool function
~ This sounds like fun! May have to check it out! :)
There's a Big difference between knowin somthin's gona happen...n it actually happening!¡!
Access isn't just about making it available. That's going to be my focus this summer.
Beautiful finally in New England.
Yeah me too.
So you are no longer banging your head on your desk. Good.
watching monsters Inc. and Akward :P flipping back and forthh... #MikeLazowski (: <3
Made scramble eggs with three simple ingredients. Paprika, pepper,and parsley. Delicious.
o Jaded Chain
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Hope you can join us at Battle of Atlanta June 17-18 featuring Sport Jiu Jitsu and grappling divisions. www.battleofatlanta.info
When will be back in LA?
Those costs vary depending on the product and quantity. Email and we'll give you a quote.
"You know what, Evian? You should be really embarrassed because your parents named you after bottled water"
I like my tea unsweetened.
Belated thanks for the #FF love!
When is the last time you Jagimoed??
but think of the parties I could throw.
o.. I fell asleep. This is only a deal if we have our R. Kelly listening session thingamabob
At first I thought your fight shorts said "Takedown." I'm bummed, because that would have been hilarious. :-)
it's going to be a busy day on the water tomorrow...
I do think that it does represent the true, true traditional culture.
"Don't tell your mother" I love how many times a day I hear this.
I think I lost a little respect for her fam. Are they desperate for attention? Goodness, just let Whitney rest in peace.
Introducing Xactly Incent 8.0 - new UI for territories, better dashboards and administrative capabilities, & more single sign ons
Call time is at 5:30 for Yuletide.. So I gotta leave here soon :/! I'm scared and I don't wanna do this.. But wish me luck anyway..
October 2009: I plan to attend the meeting on "Hello and beyond..."
That thought inspired by /latest Facebook post George Takei's assistant has put up with John Astin in it & a saying that inc. a swear word.
Need High quality custom graphic designs and printing services at a low cost? Email
OMG So adorable!
How is this even a question. Tony Romo is not a top 15 QB let alone top 10. I could reel off a bunch of names id take over Romo. Stay tuned.
Charles Schwartzel may have won the #Masters but Jason Daly won the Hot Wife contest!
When HASMT and 30 fire trucks greet your flight as it comes back to O'Hare, there's nothing to worry about, right?
so did Lou create a twitter account yet? What is taking him so long... is cone and paul on board yet??
Fagget you sucked @ cine space in Hollywood just like your Asian daddy Akoi you cunt
Good Luck!!
Why can't I sleep in? Must try.
Been too busy with the agency to Twitter. Miss it, but love the contracts and royalties!
u be doin shows? U rap or somethin?
Hear hear! I think I'll treat this windy, dreary weather as inspiration to cook as well.
Will do!!
Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer
CONGRATS #fb #in : Join us on the roof to celebrate the BoothTag biz plan win at MU tonite! @ Cafe Benelux w/
I fucking love u, your hair, and your pants
Goodness man!
Help fight off the gloom at Berryline Fenway today by thinking summer! Watermelon topping available today! Limited time only!
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed what number of companies do not listen to their customers.
Sending Flowers? Ask florist not to leave on porch if it is too cold for florals.
Did you know that the #8 is associated with rebirth , resurrection , regeneration ?? JS8 the brand coming to #Atlanta #Atmosphere soon!
No. I prefer paperback. It's just the site I'm on has some short free reads. And sounds fun! :)
lol oh okay well thanks for puttin me on now i kno
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
5th time's the charm? thanks for coming!
Will you go up later, or is it time to truck along to OR?
Everything's red in my head. / In my head, everything's red. / I must have bled in my head. / I bled in my head now I'm dead. Clap clap.
Your Welcome And Thanks
I need a nap!
It's wierd that some countries are already in 2012 and others are still waiting..
One/two leg takedown and hip throw are just two of the throws taught at blue belt and brown belt respectively
Hey Allison, really cute profile pic! Love the dog in it. :D
YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE THIS
Do you know because I tell you so, or do you know, do you know. -Gertrude Stein
B*tch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter on any order & get a 20% discount TODAY!
Love my new phone!!
Let's go cubbies.
ESPN: "So, how will Coples affect Tim Tebow this season??"
Wondering how I could be in a music video...
CARDS WIN!!! CARDS WIN!!! CARDS WIN!!! LET'S CELEBRATE!!!!!!!
Currently building pools on 14th Street, Dunleer Drive, Manning Avenue, Deep Dell Place, Sutton Street, Embury Street, San Lorenzo, & more
Goodnight lovely followers! Sweet dreams,, xx (:
My daughters and I are voting for aka Jessica Sanchez again tonight... What about you?
Yeah, my understanding is OS developers (Apple, Microsoft) don't want the browser (i.e. web apps) to replace desktop software. $$$
Half a BILLION dollars for Friday's lottery!? Chances of winning are 1 in 176,000,000. Good luck!
When life gets real, people either step up or step off.
Good day tweets! Hope everyone is good.
I would Like to re-hire your company for the Midwest Showcase...it may get moved to August
#TwSIG Using for ambient office hours. (virtual). 60 inspiring examples of twitter in the classroom. Pop Quizzes on twitter count extra!
I can imagine that was a sight to see
Hey Kim, you #naysayer. Still #blakelisted? ;)
[Time flies when you're having fun!] RT : 3 years?! Thats a long time.
then beat up the beat after the nap?
u n ur retweets. My mommy omes today. U guys wil b out here tmr?
Breakfast of Champions!
if you know a venue, let me know and I'll try and get up there with I've never touted Iowa :)
Maybe "Whole-grain crunchies" or "fiber bombs" were taken as cereal names RT: What's the deal with Grape Nuts?...
Fuck me. No really, my body is ready.
The healthiest response to life is joy.
Gio gone, Bailey gone, Hammer Gone, I hope that and stay, they the homies. #Athletics to the World Series next year
Enjoyed seeing UK playing at Memorial but would have liked to have seen how full Rupp would get for an NIT game.
hope to network with you when I move to Cali in 2 months! thanks for following
Ha This Just Made My Night.." The Only Reason Yo Name Is Trey Starsz Is Becuss Trey Songz Was Taken " Cuso Got Me Weak :D
o ur a keeper...
-.- girl if you don't txt me I will cut u
Only thing we have on is the radio oh let it play
lmfao the truth hurts doesnt it bitch (;
I like home cooked food..I dont eat out a lot cause I cook..
As I said the other night, for Mizzou fans, membership in the #SEC for all intents and purposes starts tonight.
then put down the pipe!!
Jersey time!!
Thanks - I feel better about going home after dinner to work more.
Composer & bass clarinetist Michael Lowenstern playing on tonight at the Windup Space. 8 PM. Should be awesome.
Today I'm going to focus on 3 things: HOMEWORK, STUDYING, and SHOPPING FOR MAKE-UP!!!! I'm in need of a new moisturizer...
I've missed you mr. Wide open spaces! Good to see till the earth drops off!
or they're aliens. Prolly aliens.
They must be holdovers from Northwest since their baggage handlers were always notoriously slow!
treats await when presentation wraps. mugs & coffee with new tag line being distributed now.
So nice out, bout to go pop & lock it over at Col. Sumners park with the other thugs.
Just cruising the web and reading some news - going to the bike shop soon.
Happy Mother's Day!Being a mom is so amazing.I am truly blessed God picked us to have an Autistic son, I am lucky.He is the most amazing boy
think its just a storyline buddy
On the road picking up my posters and some mo ishhh!!!
Haven't even heard of it, other than the song by Tenacious D.
anyone will be fine. Thanks. I already saw it om your website. Thank you for the exposure.
Homie you got it backwards, your dipping your soup inside your crackers.
The Sports Freak picked Miami to rep the East in the Finals, but hes got a feeling this MIA-BOS series is still not over. We'll see.
Thanks to all the folks representing UNM at the capitol today, including &
So excited that fat bitch got another job so pretty soon I don't have to worry about having to look at that ugly man face when I tan :)
me too lmfao! i was so young!
Poetry is the worst. Oops. Autocorrect. I meant YOUR poetry is the worst.
First...D-trix don't test me! Hahahh oh how I love
you know you have no friends when you want to do stuff but realize you have no one to do it with
For some reason I even love his lil chicken scratch handwriting. Lol
No I kinda stopped cuzz of work :l I miss it tho :D
Man thank you for the support!
thank you young lady
ya but I think he would be a little upset if If put a sign up saying napping in the babysitting room. help yourself.
being a smart ass:)
True, that's why so many hearts get broken..
o my apologies! I thought u were scheduled 2 appear on ABC (WLS) Jobs Week in Feb; our CEO will be on 2 and wanted to connect.
'Cause us together Is always perfect And even through long distances And drawn out time I know that you'll always be mine,"-City Lights
No need to be sorry :)
that ain't a no lmao
Your votes mean so much to me
favorite genre? Sci-fi/ fantasy...if i have to choose!
I actually have that dress.
Pretty horses on TV!
I'm aware of our standing. Don't act like a hardass because you patrol the NHL site like a bad amateur porn site.
#Portlandia you get me every time
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD
lol i lost my phone. Those calls from Carbondale you mean?
hella man car
I'm actually sad right now...
London's first celebrities: Celebrity isn't a recent concept. Jerry White remembers the moneyed glitterati and a..
- Why pretend to be sensible?
Big thanks as always :)
Any hint on season 5
Google Fusion Tables. wow.
We're ready, , , and We've put down the brunching sheets.
Would love to see what you write, even though I'm not in charge of EPA's social media.
Paganini still a great great teacher could spend all day on any one capriccio !
Buckeye fans can easily blame Bauserman. As bad as he was, what happened to the defense?
Though my WIP is out with critique partner, I cannot sit idle. Time for WIP
Thanks! Am healing very well. Swimming tons, hoping for cycling approval tom after xray; possible running in 2 weeks!!
Yum! Speaking of pickles, you should try the sour beers at Upright Brewing in Portland. So good!
I love radio stations!! <3 (and some hosts) ;)
D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention
UndoIDTheft (UndoIDTheft) thanks for the follow.
Thanks to for rescuing an otherwise crappy sports day. Eastern Conference Champs!
RIP one of he greatest music artists ever to live
People may say stuff about you that's hurtful. But don't let them bring you down. Remember, all the things just make you much stronger.
Good news: management's working 2x as hard on the Beavers, and trying to find a place to put them in PDX area in 2012, as on Timbers
well... not directly, at this exact moment.. ! whats your IG name we'll follow as soon as were on!
Commercially, the beer is available yet. But we still homebrew a ton! Any weekend at Mikes would work...
Alex's brother called the melting pot the dipping cup. Lol
Not sure the dates, but they did the Fox Theater in ATL that month. Outrageous
No telling what we could have been
go to mcfaddens they got a ton of road beef good game tonight
Happy birthday to our creative director, !
how so?
#fatindiebands June of 44x32 (See what I did there?)
You Finnaly Followed Me haha #it's
So listen when your heart skips a beat.
Already received some cookies in the mail! Pressure is on!!! I can't decide which cookies to swap!!!
Yes m'am
No one said you can't be afraid. You just can't let it stop you.
: naw I jusy like they music I wrote a 15 min versr for it but I want my own beat fo it simiular to bring people back
Goin home now well that was fun but now I don't. Know what to do lol... movies? Shopping? Idk hmu...!!!
Must Watch: 12 Awesome Social Media Tutorials
Gym done! Got my two a day in. Motivated!
“: coming to SD this weekend coming. Seeing the cirque show Totem next Friday. You around?” very likely :)
#3WordsForYou Lick. My. Balls.
I thought that same thing when I woke up today!
Thanks! You are ever so kind!
What's up with price of Gas going up so much today?
I don't get yet. Working on it though.
To be fair, the interim commish doesn't seem to know much
I Feel U. hit me in the am then, i got beats, studio, lyrics all dat lol. just hit me broyo
#wma2011 The hour that the ship(s) come in: mentorship/authorship/scholarship are vital to supporting contemporary art(ists) and ideas
"Complacencies of the peignoir"? How about "crying of a hungry cat outside my bedroom door?" My
If you're missing your phone, please visit the front desk in the lobby. Hotel security has it!
a gentleman doesn't discuss those details :)
Todays Specials: Camp Rock, iGo To Japan & Phineas And Ferb: Across the Second Dimension.
Great lunch take out from Quality Meat this afternoon.
#HappyNewYear everyone! Enjoy and make it the best yet! #2012!
It hasn't sank in all the way yet. When it does... Watch ya backs! I'm about to cry...
Going to school. Big fight in the morning. GI and no GI!
Starting March 12, 2012, taxpayers will be able to request an Installment Agreement through the IVR system by calling 800.689.4776.
Feel good. (:
By the way, I think is gorgeous.
what mile is that? how is she doing? what is her ETOC??
you are so sweet!! and right back at ya!!:)
Would love to connect and learn more about what ur doing w/ startups
RT : If you can't be 100% committed to the relationship, do not even start.
S/O to the seniors who graduating today .
Vans of the wall.
for breakfast with my family<U+2661>!!! <U+30C4>
No <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> for the wicked he he he
just delivered a Volt for me to try out for three days. Got any questions about it? I'm excited to experience the
When's the next music video!!! haha the next one will be
Practice today was actually pretty fun.
Then don't wear em haha
Ew. There's school tomorrow.
LOL! It's okay.
Yeah all those "it" boys of the early '90s were in the sequel - Slater, Getty. I think I'm a bigger fan of the first.
Awesome - I will have to check it out sometime! Thanks! :D
Without google translate I would be failing French lol.
Rec'd our tangerines yesterday, they are AMAZING, best we've ever had!!! This will be an annual tradition for us now!
My pleasure. Great post and you have me wanting to visit Oregon sooner rather than later!
the stl knows no bounds! bring ur beantown azz here again n we will show u lots of love! #thatsallicansay lol ;)
Facebook is for friends who have become strangers. Twitter is for strangers who should become friends. Now u know our secret.
Times like this when im hungry but don't know what to eat.... frustrates me! Lol
thats cool,no pics w/me...
Close it out!
on the phone with my best friends Jessy and Ben!!! I TOTALLY MISS THEIR FACES:(
Do or die for my Bulls.
3rd book and new brand site avail soon! Support the REVEL IN brand
class discussion was like pulling teeth... I kept telling them I felt like I was in the movie Ferris Bueller... they didn't laugh...
Learned about relationships in math. A working relationship only includes two people, haha, if only other people would realize that...
too wong foo isn't funny, nobody wants to see John L. and Patrick Swayze in drag lol
push zack ryder woo woo woo push zack ryder woo woo woo push zack ryder woo woo woo
Follow Me Please
"Retired", Sis Webb helped staff St John Hospice, the 1st African American owned hospice in the US. I'm blessed I can serve the Lord this AM
I will at Miss you!! RT: Save me a copy! I knew you before you were famous ;)
“: . Do you see parallels between and ?” Haircut and humor.
Abdelkader scored for the Wings against Kings. 3-1 Detroit
Na$ri could have started every game at Arsenal and flourished if he wanted. No apologies here.
Upper a&b smells like fish
I do and I will check it out. Thanks!
Who? RT : ARI QB John Skelton expected to start Saturday vs. Cincinnati while Kevin Kolb continues recovering from concussion
I gotta crumb in my shoe
So the grout repair peeps who originally told me it'd be 3mo b4 they could fulfill my Angie's Deal called today. I'll be getting in sooner.
Dang it
This paper is going to be the death of me..
And if folks truly appreciated the military, they'd stop voting for candidates who send them to unnecessary wars.
": we're making the most bizarre record in history. But it's the bestest #song6" we sure are...
Best Buy chairman Schulze out in CEO scandal; Dunn to get $6.6 million: From a single stereo shop founded in St. Paul in 1966, Schulz...
About to kick this exam's butt
you're adorable. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> Yes, that sounds wonderful from a beautiful girl like yourself. <U+2764>
I use my new (vintage) Chemex every morning. Thanks to and , I got a MAD deal on that puppy
someone told me that is was yours and Selena's 1 year anniversary. Not sure if its true. But if it is, HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!! <3
Morning wood all
for sign up or inquiries on the hottest indie artist showcase in the region
I will have a trivia question for everyone at 11am central, who's ready to win a prize??
My bus is probably the most annoying thing ever
RT : Chaparral high school has just opened their head coaching job. This will be the 4th coach in less than a year.
We share this concern on the strategy team. Also balancing that with a desire to keep the conversation going
Happy SEO Sunday!
What the hell? Really?
"I like that movie 'Dragon Lady.'" My dad talking about The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
slurps come coffee, flings hair back, tosses empty cup over shoulder and heads into an awesome day with sass and style
He once tore his abdominal wall. He need to get shots in the groin area.
RT : "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~Abraham...
Alan- i just shot you an e-mail about this. Thanks for letting us know!
Managing and DJing at Bar Louie Water St. Brunch Launch tomorrow at Bar Louie Bayshore, Next week Brunch at Water St. Menu is amazing.
I am no longer a member of Deathtrap America. For now I'm going to enjoy the silence and take some much needed time off. - Fred
is bad on the low
I think Fight Club might have to become a late-night pre-derby tradition.
Waiting in line to see Larry McMurtry at
Redesigning my website. Needs a new look. Anybody have any good suggestions?
I shouldn't have stayed up all night. I feel tired as hell. I thought my hat was my pants at first is how tired I am lol
The racialization of Christianity distorts Christianity while promoting a distorted theological anthropology that is based on solipsism.
u got the same line?
I'm totally helping the Pack. Touchdown!
Lmao Happy Tax day is trending!
Well her friend John and his gf died last night :/ Im trying to calm her. I hate seeing her cry. It breaks me </3
Night game!
I'm sure he will. That is one determined kid! He just needs to be smart about cuz JP can be an evil dude to say the least
happy birthday
Oh my goodness! Sorry to hear that. Jeeze, the PR industry really is THAT tough.
hello world.
have fun on tour guys... Kill it!!!!!!
but I respect ur position I just can not indorse it, sorry I see ppl hungry and hurting. #vote2012 may the better man win!
2nd half lets go! Play for your life!!!
watching a christmas movie theres a really cute dude in it(; haha
Serving up signature Pulse-tini's at our launch party 5/31 oh yeah!!
shout out to all my fellow Haitian people, I have a lot of love.
#20factsaboutme 16. I have my own personality and it's unique
Get it from your mustache in glue it to your edges bitch!
Celebration Academy in Livermore, ca. I don't have a reel but my acting class is on camera, I could send u a scene?
C'mon #Badgers. Let's rally and work some last minute magic!
I dunno! It's chronic! I have had it for a month now an smoking and cold drinks make it bad as fuck and it's contagious :(
so u not gone follow me?
Ahh it seems like every month there are problems with Sallie Mae, I have not yet had one good experience with them -- the worst!
When the music changes, so does the dance
looking back & wondering where it all went wrong.
We wanna see on a longboard. How bout it Matt?
Nice work guys..I look forward to hearing more from You!
we have some customers in town from South Dakota. We are sending them to the awesome event you are having this evening!
In listening range of WPKN in Bridgeport CT? I'll be talking housing obsession tomorrow at 10:30am on The Binnie Klein Show.
I'm voting 4
Mayor says we are the job producing capital of the nation and cites stats.
It was really great to finally meet you tonight! & awesome talking to you! Hope to see you around soon (:
Dafaq why is traffic backed up all the way to my house?
Wow. brought the whole family this time for #lotCleaning . She's a woman of her word. Did I miss the family dog?
Barefoot #Books focuses on the #environment, joins with - a company who helps publishers and book buyers to be green!...
"How bad do you want it, how do you want to be remembered?" Always remember that. Give it your best no matter what your doing.
For my birthday, I want all of all time low to wish me a happy birthday.
Fak, my deck got soaked by a leaky water bottle. Time to air it out and pray to the drying gods.
Win 2 tickets to Ann with Holland Taylor Tues, Nov 15 at 7:30pm - RT this by tom at 12pm to enter. Winners chosen at random.
HAPPY #PI DAY! We could go for some apple...or blueberry...or key lime.
lol ok.. do me a favor?!:D
aren't you just adorable :-)
Whats right is right! And whats wrong is wrong! Justice for
Is there anyone around you that will start one?! I agree though, I love my band and all the dudes in it so much
At the end they had 2 grease elvis down 2 fit him in this clothes...like tryin 2 fit a pig in2 a coke bottle
": RT Someone influential needs to start the #unfollownba campaign. easy to do and sends a message." Do it. Do It NOW!
If PM doesn't sign in Denver he is screwing us in free agency, if he goes elsewhere I will BOO him lol
Thanks! Much appreciated! I'm going to do it!
have yu eer seen a ugly azz girl with a baby and ever wondered who hit that shit???
I <3 Wizkhalifa but he's entirely TOO SKINNY haha Amber Rose tripped out on that
I can never have anything or anyone...
Person above dis tweet is
It's First Friday! Come out tonight & jam To The Neo-Soul Sounds of --Free Show Starts at 8pm!
Crazy for You was awesome! Congrats to everyone involved!
Now I just have to buy a new otter box because I lost my other one!! :(
both. Up trying to get back to sleep
Nice to see town filling up with #Ironman athletes! Race is just one week from today.
I hate when I find someone attractive you have to talk to them.
has stalker tendencies...
o foreal what u going to do for ur b- day
S/O to all the knicks fans who just realized that they are still down in the series and that the next game is in Miami.
Man I hate this hot weather
Looking for someone to host your next event? is Amazing! Host for the Wendy Williams Show & Untouchable Events Ent company
it is
duh, I'm SUCH AN IDIOT
Good luck this weekend!
I don't care what the haters say, I love Shaq on Inside the NBA. I would also rewatch Kazaam. So there's that.
can't you find a way to see her? like have her hang with one of your friends & then you go too?
perishable goods delivered! Maine lobsters in Austin Texas=BOOM
I will follow you til the end of time #TrueLove is it really real
thanks! I love writing, reading, reviewing books, interviewing authors, literary fiction & memoir...
Chipper Jones or Kubel for UTIL?
follow back
RT : MSC CEO with strong statement to TA's regarding direct sales as a challenge "be better at closing your sales"
your welcome!:)
'All the other kids with the pumped up kicks better run, better run, faster than my bullet' foster kids. Now those r sum strong lyrics.
Merry Christmas to all our friends. Look forward to seeing you in the New Year
Do you get that I don't watch TV programs, just the commercials?
Don't forget today's Spicy Chicken Mole and Chipotle Sweet Potato Chowder...yum yum!
So who's taking care of Miss Bliss while she's down? :-)
Is there an equivalent focused on wine or whiskey?
If you tryna reach me hit my jack frm now on...
Geeking out tonite in the stacks prepping for a presentation to SXSWers interested in "Infinite Jest and the Internet"
photographing one!
happy to do it.
A friend since junior high died today of ovarian cancer, a true silent killer. We will all miss you, Connie. She soars now, beyond stars.
And you. #MaytheFourth Be with You
Time to go get this workout in!
oh you good for now if I think of something ill let you know
,,.follow me so we can talk
welcome to the BAmily!
RT ": I wish I was photogenic #weirdlookingguyproblems" Don't you mean
:') aww niggie that's so cute .
not yet, but we'll post it online soon. How have you been?
Kevin Spacey rocked at Theatre Wash's Drama Prom! Congrats to Mitch Hebert, Michael Babbitt & shout out to Daniel McLean Wagner.
It's been a long week but I'll be closing it out w/ some crafty #cocktails 2nite. After that, I'll be sleeping til Tuesday.
How do you vote? Text "107350" to 73774. Takes just a second! Retweet and vote now!
Lights. Camera. More lighting please - Reggie Stuyvesant
"Why does he use your shampoo and conditioner... Isnt he like black? Dont they have a different kind for their hair?"
Nice to meet you at 's amazing event!!!
Hey Vinnie please where is the proof of Motive, Intent Lying does not prove murder you were a prosecutor.
What a awesome Monday so far in God...I used to dread Monday's, but the joy of the Lord changed all that.
Reality: I'm an open book for a reason... But that doesn't make it easy...
Watching Lock Up with my dad. I am so freaking tired. My eye balls are burning worse than they were before.
Jackpot, I get Taco Bell for dinner. This is the last time I'll be eating fast food for a month.
what's that thing when your leg falls asleep and you also hate the entire world?
twitter driving u crazy right ?!
Spent my evening off at Trombone Shorty's UNBELIEVABLE show. An experience I won't soon forget! Unbelievable!
Ha! RT : If at first you don't succeed, then maybe you should do it the way I told you to in the beginning.
Stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own. Peter Anderson
Sexiest server
Rev. Wilson was 25 when he saw "zombie-like" people in the camp. As a chaplain, he led worship services for the Survivors.
RT : getting a membership was the best thing I ever did! I look fwd to me time now!
hahaha no I haven't done that. Not on twitter anyway. Phone contacts may have gotten some photo though >.>
Doughnuts are as good as currency in the newsroom. We know how to prioritize.
i really want a slur-pee haha its really cold outside.
is tired from choregraphing some dances... :)
thanks pal. It has TRULY been an amazing run. Let's keep the dream running:). Thanks for everything
If not, it's perfectly fine to politely tell them enough is enough. Remind him he's healthy, but its time to go about the day.
fedoras. never cool.
Good ideas for those who love to travel. RT Vicarious #Travel: How to Make the Most Out of Other People’s Travels bit.ly/othbr5
Want to help a homeless child? Giving an hour or two a week can make a big impact! Email to help!
just ask her why I'm her last gay standing lmao
I bet!! Is that your church home?
Looking forward to all the great events during Cougar Week in Spokane
what's worse us missing you? Or us going through the pain of seeing your ugliness every day? /:
YOU were my FAVORITE #Oscar moment!!! So happy for you. Well deserved. Cheers!
December is going to be a busy month for us. Come to our The Camel show on 12/18 for a very exciting announcement.
I know right! It would :D I wish I could meet IM5 :) <3
I dig your new iPhone app! Glad you aren't trying to duplicate the functionality of your great desktop app.
- we're working on that right now!!!!!
thank u for RT.
media loves to hate the Bills. You support a team thick and thin.
Off to see and the Lucky Brand fashion show. Hoping that the normal Sat mall crowd will not make this a nightmare.
Either I'm having really bad cramps or I have to shit!
Top Pot is coming to Ballard in June. Hallelujah!
No. You yelled at maddie and I when you didn't even know what was going on. Then you called maddie bipolar which she isn't.
Other times they are BS.
I'm getting my next tattoo when I turn 18 :)
absolutely NO #datingAdviceCorner. it's the worst part of the show.
If he doesn’t trust you with other guys, chances are it’s cause of what he does when he’s with other girls.
i know omg. I feel so cool, yes. Do you ?
" The secret of man's success resides in his insight into the moods of people, and his tact in dealing with them."
It's all good. We love Sammy and so do most of our customers. Give him a chance, he'll grow on you :P Have a great day
Yes, please tell #Santa that I want an #iPad for Christmas.
Fans and downtown residents loved last night's fireworks from Busch Stadium after the game. I hope they do more Friday Night Fireworks!
you don't listen to her You don't care how it hurtsuntil you loose what you wanted, and you taken it for granted & all you had got destroyed
Griffin dunks on Pau again! RIDICULOUS!!!
Lovin Life,Killing shows,Dropping Singles,recording, meeting people,traveling and making an Amazing FUTURE for my family!! Jo-Wayne JTP
We're headed to NAB in Las Vegas next week. Then it's home to finish up the last few bits we have to shoot on The Red Rider! Woohoo!
"I'm really just annoyed that the fucker is stealing my goddamn cake."
Great game Nationals who beat Cincinnati Reds first game I attended and they won. Steak and Shack great hot dogs, fries and chocolate shake
Go NY Rangers!!!
Sir, ur not alone & ur not invisible. Please stop digging in ur nose. I'm starting to get sick.
Oh, I've had The Moonstone on my list forever! And The Woman In White--which do you like better?
Wow! Crazy gorgeous...you look amazing.
You know its a good evening when you unexpectedly end up at
hahah I know one hand on the door then the other on his bottle aha
Wish I had a rack
good morning Austin... You seem to not notice me.. If you notice me, will you follow me? ((: pwease?? (:
- I heard Chuck Norris is looking for a day job ! Jack Bauer could be his sidekick in the stupid outfit.
Life is GOOD #3WordsForYou :)
Life isn't a garden, stop being a hoe.
Google. This one is the winner! So sveeeet!
Loving my musical directors!
"God never closes one door without opening another -- but sometimes it's hell in the hallway."
UGH! I just failed the biology test. :P
Women that have kids jus to write off on they taxes to get more money. That shit nasty..
lol it doesn't matter. She heard what she wanted to hear lol
Preparing for a long workday. Pomodoro Technique to the rescue!
Wife can't decide which one she wants, plus not sure of S / XS sizing. Can you put up a sizing chart? :-)
We're terrible people.
thank you and good luck! We will stay tuned
Brent who?
word!RT Same applies to the 30+ female age group still referring to themselves as "Barbies". You're a "Blanche".
HAZMAT Situation: Rt. 15 is closed in both directions at the post office in Palmyra due to a HAZMAT situation.
pls have a 2:30am white russian at circle bar for me.
Photo shoot today for my Bollywood dance group!
Thanks for sharing your awesome UX examples at #wwcode!
question: does anybody know of any neat/cool/interesting contemporary children's books? as a non-parent, i could use some help...
very nice. I'm sure you did the hand "hang loose" for the call me maybe part? Real original. Still love it.
how the frick I just pinged myself.
Reworking my reels right now, so it will be up shortly!
Can we just have class outside please?!
Happy 4th of July!! from & #Celebrate our
Happy Thanksgiving. Lots to be thankful for. Hoping to having more blessings next time around to be thankful for
Gotcha. Still figuring it out... But I think I'll like it.
What to do for my 21 st????? Any ideas
I need to get my life on track
Amusing morning at SAM with my 4 year old and his preschool classmates. I loved the Titus Kaphar exhibit & seeing Wyeth's Helga series.
Had a lot of moments
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
howdy luv. Did you rest well?
Planning a special event? Remember, #flowers are a great way to punctuate your event. Call us today!
good morning
it's been pretty boring :( lo and yours?
fuck this snow , im walking to chipotle
I watch a lot of stuff that wouldn't be deemed manly, but I'm my own man and my drum has one beater . Dinkybeats! Lol
Just got my first Acting job check today! I love being a working actor
In fact, we use and love ourselves.
so hungry I can eat a cow :(
you're on the show!! thanks for the input.. toronto may firesale but kubina not likely to go-- howson wants a center
well we have less therapists now :(
Yeah, that would be nice, but there's not many Lolita stores in existence.But eventually Id want a job with a better salary.
I love it when my boyfriend hums on my pussy. No songs, just a hum. It feels like a vibrator while he is licking
A Valentine for my colleagues: RT : Side note: librarians are awesome. Huge overlap between a modern librarian and a data scientist.
Grotto tonight
haha whatever hombre they'll come back in the 2nd half
I miss my short hair
At a storytelling show I never expected the bathrooms at a radio station to smell so good.
. - "Dirty Ghosts? Oh, that band talked about." Me - "I knew about them BEFORE he mentioned them!!"
M, porter-y mash smell hangs heavy in the air of my house. Brewing while my water heater is replaced.
yeah I get really moody. Lol
I'll split my winnings with anyone who can capture photographic evidence of drinking. ? ?
Thankyou dear Lord for another blessed day of dreams and opportunities.
Last day of class tomorrow, then finals !
The later it gets.. The slower Twitter seems
": Our Blog is About US & OUR Clients. if you're interested in featuring your project contact us!!!" << I will be gettin wit u
When in doubt step back and look at the big picture.
the dog whisperer
I have the answer 4 your QLC! Check out stratejoy.com & the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time! Major inspiration!
woops, right...muffins. Very chocolate-y muffins with festive decorations!
The clippers are dangerous at the end of games
I wanna put my name on it!
its so pretty out their .
How do you feel about the consumers age meeting healthcare? Patients rating Hospitals instead of companies or Gov...
That makes sense.
because simply, they can't see. They can't see the invisible ring of insanity that surrounds you when you're in love.
Thankful for a holiday we can all agree on
that's seriously crazy! I need to go there..
I thought this Criss Angel magic kit commercial was a comedy parody commercial. It wasn't.
Mars bar tonight
I can sit away from you, no worries. I'll be crashing the dugout anyway.
You finally have a Packer!
Lol this made me laugh for some reason
I wish hard cash was god's gift. He never gets me what I want.
I love followin people
RT : Northern Illinois has just landed in Mobile. That's a sure sign that the GoDaddy Bowl is right around the corner!
Chad just punched the fuck out of me. Lol
Youre very welcome RT : thank u :)
Beach Later!
"i cant sip from a bottle unless it's the top pour..otherwise i get a headache"
#zaynshipsdontlie This tag makes me so happy, hahahhah.
I tried to take it seriously as long as I could. I like the parody better. Still looking for a good card solution.
There’s Something About Bango: The Billing Company Behind Facebook, BlackBerry And Soon Amazon...
Bibimbap for breakfast? Then
Choppa under my bed,Wake up in the morning roll a blunt too clear my head.
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
Fucking hell... LA Fitness are texting me now. Good grief. Gyms and their marketing departments fuck me off.
Things you generally don't want to hear from your doctor: "There's an abnormality in your EKG results."
The depressing moment when a dog has prettier eyes than you....
sounds lovely!!!!!!
Backstage?? What about ON stage? We have some sick dance moves.
Thanks mom LOL!!!
hey erin are u on hallo?? if so could u please follow me on there and maybe here!! love ya
I love that feeling if people following me, makes me happy ;)
Got word today that a friend passed away. Too young, too soon, such a sad day. Prayers for the family & her 12 yo son.
The ziplocks on tortilla bags are the worst ever.
thanks. And th cover pic of March issue is fantastic.
Follow Me ((:
I'm surrounded by hipsters!!!
RT : "We have to do more with art, music, PE, recess. Our budgets reflect our values."
There's 3 sides to a story. Mine, yours and the truth.
hahaha do you eat your dessert before dinner too
don't surrender cuz you can win
Map rele ou tale *Lets pray*
Phew": Covering the CU game for the NY Times.RT : ?": I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here"
I bet ABDC is going amazing -_- I guess i'll just watch it on youtube!
Google my name and click images and enjoy
Also might note helped make it pretty difficult to get & own guns here, making citizens & police safer.
Off to an Arts & Education board meeting..... I love when passion, drive & creativity meet - it's inspiring, amazing & beautiful!!!
I've seen it twice make sure you stay through the credits
U know I was playin lol. But for real she is pretty RT : lol..so mean! =)
I def have to remain mindful of this!
RT : Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair...such a sad night.
Me das follow back?
“: Damn woke up an hour earlier then i had to oops” better than an hour later!
RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
duddee you wont believe what happened..Next time! Hope you rocked mini!
Yea. I've been doing the same all night on Fbook. Stupid people. I swear. 15-2.. Can anyone else say that? NOPE! =)
Do you think I could start a campaign against rubbernecking?
Maybe we're on to something.. who wouldn't want to be able to shake up their developer while it fake snows?
Looking forward to #GrowCo 2011. Thanks for the invitation, !
So, uh, how do you do it?
Idk bro, I just love Big Time Rush.
Bahaha! On the PS3 is where it actually works!
aww, Disco Dan! He'd better be there again this year!
that makes sense.
Thanks for the great time at #stu3. Meet a lot of cool people. nice to see you there too!
OMFG. CHRISTIAN BEADLES JUST FOLLOWED ME . Omg.
Good looks on bringing me Marylous to work youre a gem! Thank you!
I dnt feel like talking 2 anyone...
thanks man!! I am super pumped
girls with dimples
Woodmans. A lot like la guardia airport.
can u follow me
you the bestest!
I withdraw my vote and second this.
Hm you may have convinced me, at least for tonight. But what shall we do?!
thanks. Yesterday I couldn't straighten my fingers, but thankfully I can today. It seems to get a bit better every day.
Its not a great as it sounds. 1 beer between 5pm and 5:22pm haha RT : Yeah excuse me?!
that's wat I wanna know !!
I say we have screen the dates...
aww HAPPY BELATED!! and that's how its supposed to be...besides the missing money part! But u got dem racks so u good!! Lol
RT : Doesn't any show hire American actors any more? Found out almost everyone in the cast of "Swamp People" is from England!
I remember at one point Mike Brewster was considered a first round pick. That was a long time ago. Wouldn't mind him for the packers though
i swear, evry fucking mother's day i always get pissed off.
Put your trust in the lord and go ahead. Worry gets you on place...
JJ Hardy baby. The Orioles are no joke.
Dancing Ducks Ent. launches its preschool/family-targeted multimedia educational site www.wisharoopark.com via 's cynopsis
ur truely amazing,nice,sweet&manythings!u work so hard I hope 2meet u again. Im seein u when u come 2 fl(: u need to be verified
now that's an excuse I've never heard before
Right on , that's what + #opendata is all about!
Is there a class that consists of driving around with ur windows down in the middle of the night jamming to Led Zeppelin? If so Im studying.
Just got over excited bout a movie i saw was on red box and my next thought was "Wish I could take my cat for the walk to get it" wtf #WTF!
we gotta take the stair at the house of blues ... Not about to be lookin like a
RT : Radio personality will spend 30 days volunteering at various NYC charities & documenting his experiences...
are you some kind of idiot!?! You think Dwight is even 1/4th as good as Bynum?!?! HA
IN Quotes: "We ARE what we repeatedly do." - Aristotle
Lmfao i saw! for me tyler the creator is going to marry niall lmfao
Now I feel better, #WalkerFailure #divideconquer plan to smash middle class is just his unique way of standing up for taxpayers
Happy Holidays from all of us at the Urban League!
44 ounces of mountain dew for a DOLLAR! This is just plain wrong.
stop tweeting and text me back
Ahh! can't sleep for love nor money.
i have a huge headache:/ was soo hungry and my mom saves the day by bringing home some pizza... Thank you Mom!!! lol its so yummy!!
whats going on?
Here we go.
Good morning everyone, let's grab a shot
All tied up
Because those balls cost money and you know the owners are hurting. How dare you?
Don't worry about deleting people out of your life because they pretty much do that themselves.
Tonight is one of those random tweet nights
Head of Trinity Mirror to quit
RT : Drunkenly asked a 9 year old where to find sundae hats. She escorted me.
thanks dan. we were knocked out. TFV is one of my favorites. :)
I thought I had a solo. Smh. Haha
Unbelievably nervous watching this
Then Your Missing Out!! :P
Please please please tell this doofus with the scarf and loafers that almost nobody here likes Phish.
just not when people throw things from the top of buildings...or if you need a smoke. #bittertweet ;)
Music can be a weapon in our struggle for a better world.
I love she says it like she means it and is a real #boss young girls take notes! Young, Successful and doing it!
Searching for more followers here!! ;)
Very well done! I bet you Lena is already on it! lol
You should always wear something brand new on your birthday.
Innovative working on print template enhancements
With all this travel I'm happy to report that I witness a lot more good people than bad.
Hehe! So Has your Mom Changed her mind?
HAPPY EASTER everyone have a great day.
Thanks for the follow!! We love your Hashtag Chat on Monday nights!
There's a bridal show in Melbourne Beach tomorrow at 1, if you're interested. There's coffee in it for ya ;]
doesn't say where or what it is. Seems like that could be mentioned. What is it? A secret?
Visit us today at noon as we support the for Mutter Day at the Priory. Purchase a bracelet, add a “paw” charm and...
I didn't work on that one. Last PSA I did was on cars damaged by Hurricane Katrina..being sold to unsuspecting people.
sweet! sorting in column view alone is worth the upgrade
oh does dudes wanna run 3 on 3 nad there home court
Mogwai with a slight flurry
Downloading That EP Right Now About To Take A Listen!
Told that bitch my name was Bubba, and she loved it
you gonna go see Blue Like Jazz this weekend?
What's ever happened in the past is to be forgotten cos now is the present and were to be looking forward to the future
Kingsbarns Golf Links near St Andrews to support Elizabeth Montgomerie Foundation Kingsbarns Golf Links near St Andrews to support Elizab
suck my dick while ya baby watch from his crib so I know its real
text me
RT if you want me & to release a single!
Tonight was crazy, I'm telling yall its getting bigger
Instructions and inventory import tools used by A. Del Collo available from her at
I thought you flew out yesterday. I leave this afternoon thru Chicago. I hope you make your connection!
ill be back in november... Maybe may...
Alright... Whats this Lexi chick's twitter name?
Maybe we can't do that, but we can make his life more annoying.
IM SO HAPPY TO BE IN OLIVER :)
Haha, no, but that's how I will now see my parents' house. Can you say AWESOME!?
Did you always have your father in mind for the role =
And oh the way your make up stains my pillow case It's like I'll never be the same oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Appreciate it, we're gonna make you (more) famous now! :)
Big thanks to everyone who cam out last night! We had a blast! Hopefully there will be more from the Thieves Grotto....
Fuck everybody and they fucked up night!!!
fine my ashma has been bad today but i did amazing in volleyball(:
Congrats on the contract!
I'm honored! STEVEN LARS RT just so u know, EVERY TIME she's on and says that, just know I ALWAYS think of u LOL.
Wheres the next R&B sensation tonight?
Everything You Wanted To Know About Massage! Your questions will be answered!
I know that's a Descendants quote, but all I can think of is: Bro or Hipster? Still funny. THE SHOES!
Thank You, Melissa...You too, awesome author. Read Jealousy's Rage!
New York City is looking forward to your arrival!
Sean Putman, outside Detroit, I learned that I need to rethink my approach to things
Just watched Check Please Bay Area. So excited !
awe your so welcome my pawtastic furbuddy! :D
cool cousin's leggy
I changed my twitter name again :)
you should go! I'm goin for sure. Why you up so late??
I can!
Or use Anti-XML...
Approximately 15 hours until take off to destin... lets be in
Makes it sound as though being forced to watch the home birth tape prompted son to move out. ;-)
do you wanna work on that & the review tomorrow during 7th in mendozas? Pretty please? Ill bring you tea
i miss you peter<3
MT Someone chalked my stairs cheering for MSU! Is this high school?! Come 2Lou's City Bar to watch Badgers win with !
#imagine getting a tweet from ...
yeah , email me at and we'll tie it up
really upset about my phone..
Wow is Peralta a jerk or what? He's lucky he got out of the inning.
My whole family is an embaressment
Except trouble. <Sad trombone>
hope you're still alive.
be nicer to yourself! Stop it! Stop it right now.
Mobile, Social, Geo-local, Connected, Games, IPv6 P2P: crucial keywords for the emerging engagement procedures for smart grid customers
I hear chapel is lame right now
Is there a Ben & Jerry's near Simmons?
Marketing, marketing why do you make communicating so complicated with all of your tools...
It's a no-Rex-Hudler night. Sweet relief.
First (last?) of my sessions for the day! : "Empowering staff to take creative risks."
second cup of coffee was an incredibly bad idea. i feel like im on crack right now.
m you need to go
our love is never over. It conquers all!
I'm good
Someday this washington state #Bucs fan will join #BUCNATION in Tampa to watch #Bucs whoop ass.
thanks for the RT!
Heey, I got a new number!
15 likes and we will giveaway Angry Birds Space for the iPhone. You have till 9:30
sounds like another cookbook is in order...BTW your beer/clamato drink rocks!
You're welcome.
So jealous! I thought it was a one-meeting day but I turned my back for just a second and now there are 4!
Lol wow, that was a good game
Imma make you my bitch
did I just see you on the sideline of this game?
8 of my 10 trending topics are Whitney Houston related.
The awkward moment when you fall in love with the random guy that sat in your cubby
#perfect night :)
Several major policies have been radically changed. Including rights of blacks, polygamy, American Indian origin, evolution.
Now that the transmedia formula has been proven by Top Chef, how can that be scaled to other show on Bravo? And will it be?
I miss being at school and seeing him. Stupid doctors appointments.
I can always depend on my mama
Debating a 5k. Suggestions on a good/fun one to run besides Bastile/Brewers one?
You already know fam. I'm over here grindin' tough right now, that's why I've been laying low.
Hi! I would love it if you follow me back. Then we can join forces in the name of our common cause, to fight abuse. Tx
I can't wait to go home and sleep. Only 2 hours left!! I miss my bed
URBAN DICTIONARY: "Sh!t just got real" TRANSLATION: A situation that escalates extremely too quick.
Music is my true love <3
If you are going to SXSW.. You MUST see the "IronSky" screening at midnight on Saturday! LightWave AWESOMENESS!
Stop playing with her heart, it's getting kind of lame. Decide what you want . . . The Girl or The Game.
drank 6 nights in a row, i don't wanna go to work :/
That is wonderful! Congratulations!
twitter followed closely by instagram.
mouths a bit dry like, and when i went for a drink of water it made me feel worse!
Listen to your favorite tunes while sipping on a California vino. It's Ipod Thursday's Reserve wine bar. See u there 4:30-midnite
Log onto Tejano Music Awards.com to get your tickets to the awards show on 9/10/11
So, Elena is a vampire. #TVD cool... that means 1 thing.. she will remember everything Damon told her, she won't be compelled anymore <3
So happy I have a good man who supports me, doesnt judge me, and stays by my side thro whatever not many girls can say that :)
Don't feel like charging it while I'm watching my movie.
Well gn work in the am
You are all invited
S/o to a baller from mville . Go follow him!
Making Raspberry Vanilla Wheat Beer tomorrow! Can't wait!
We do! We will post soon!
Well Got To Goes Cuz I Needa Finish Ma Werk! LOL Peace out!
Congrats to my fmr co-founders and all the presenters. I hear #IB8 was awesome!
so like how #rockodunce feels every second he is alive?
Off to check out the undergrad exhibit w/the SAIC students
he uses logic. Apparently a crime nowadays.
The Clinic On Holly...tied for 1st Place Patients' Choice...Kosher Kush
Doing the right thing is just rough. So many people out there are used to being corrupt. Then when you speak truth you get shot for it.
Sometimes life throws u little surprises to pick u up when u least expect it to
i need a new friend to talk im so bored!!
omg totally thought that was a dm!? Haha what happened? Loll
Adventure Time cosplays
oh sick cool(;
love u more! Good night! Beliebers forever
Iconathon #NYC Tomorrow Can't Wait !?!
I keep checking to see if my new bag shipped.
HOLY MOLY. Are you serious? Deliver me this present, my friend. Oh YAY!
Lol I'm terrible. I gives no fucks.
exciting stuff! What happened today? Whatever it was, I'm sorry I missed it! :(
Me too. But no matter what, I'm proud (and relieved) we made the #SweetSixteen this year.
Happy birthday Alem! Hope all is well with you and your family!
I miss Code Lyoko. :(
Washington, DC: come for the government jobs and crappy weather, stay for the lack of even symbolic representation in Congress!
Thanks! #FF writers and book folks,
Work work work work I swear that's all I do anymore at least we can get "extra loud" on these Larry (loud ass Reggie) ass niggas
I love listening to #TalkingHeads =) even when I'm trying to read at
More Apps Viigo(for rss feeds)great! Google Maps CNN Mobile USA Today Mobile Google Mobile App Flickr And u need to get a Myspace!
love and adventure! Can't wait! Counting down the days..
Spending the day with Idaho educators discussing the Common Core Standards and Total Instructional Alignment
ZOMG, a guy from this local band that I LOVE randomly sent me a myspace message! TELLING ME I'M BEAUTIFUL!!! *swoons*
I saw that comment on the XU video! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Does the Washitaw Pamunkey have any relation to the Yamassee Indians and if so how are they related? Peace.
I'll second that. He loves the gays. Maybe he will tweet us back!
Time for work :(
Three 25 year old girls came to my house "trick or treating" and asked me for money.
With getting ready for Kid Rock at #houseofblues presented by
you are an amazing female rapper I wish and aspire to be like you someday. You give me hope to continue rapping thank you! :)
I'm confused. I have a theory as to why, but I'd best not go there.
The new VLC sucks with the whole building font cache thing, takes forever every time.
you do know I'm not talking about you right, like don't assume shit.
trying for that brad Pitt stubble you know
It really was! RT : The Chrysler 300 was the poor mans Bentley for a while.
Bitch your dick is small .. ": This !!! RT I hate when I get a boner in class and my desk flips over."
#youwerecooluntil i popped ya demo in the cd player and heard some crank dat shit
couldn't get a good one of him
ALA President's Program is today at 3:30pm - DCC Theater - featuring
New styles and sizes of the popular imprinted acrylic tumblers available for your next promotion.
RT : To be clear. I believe in evolution and trust scientists on global warming. Call me crazy.
with the GF and her brother haha
Getting drunk and watching da game
#ThingsWomenWant a man with shiny shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Just 6 dull hours at a computer today. Then off to a retina specialist. Such a "lovely" day ahead. Yeah, right.
Going to the #CAPS game tonight and can't wait!!
You're welcome! :)
Koch brothers and ALEX will help ole Mitt lie his way into his crap!
Thanks, Jane. I'll check them out, too.
i liked her hair due lol
#YOLO is no excuse to be a total
#edcampCincy How is (or should) homework change in the 21st century?
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
10 o'clock on a Friday night (first day of summer) and im tired!!
leaving twitter for a little while..i need to finish my wonderful homework that awaits me. :/
American Taxidermy...another twisted show from Animal Planet.
Oh, right. DUH. Well then, we'll use 33.
Guys treat women the way you want men treating your mother. "LIKE A QUEEN".
lol whatever don't you have something to do
Do not click on any Justin Beiber facebook posts. They are viruses.
Just here Listening to Music layinn down ha (:
good to hear from you...are you enjoying your summer?
every Washington wine is half-price on Wednesdays.
i miss you too boo!
Isn't that one of the coolest things! I loved it! Does MJ have a twitter account?
I was mad at the Dish network for pulling the FX network.The truth is Fox cut it off due to rate negotiations. Why do I feel like a hostage?
It's a great day to be in the music business.
fuck chasing money ii wanna make money cause chasing a few dollars aint betta den make hundreds
Home with the boys while Steph's at a shower, and somehow they're both asleep at the same time.
Dare I say it - but Oscar-worthy. Pacing was great and story was raw. If this is their roughest cut then the final will be GREAT!
"The power of prayer is incredible" --
happpyy bithdayyy!!!! Steven wanted me to tell you a couple of things so check yourr dm's!!!
Overriding the traditional methods of reaching out to the consumer body, it has been learnt that innovation earns sales.
Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude. ~Martin Luther King Jr.
and aspirin always help reduce a fever. :)
y r u busy? plzz talk 2 me back remember dat i luv u!!!!!
Halloween & Christmas stuff already flooding the stores, Ugh! "Should we start trimming the tree & carving the pumpkins"?
Blake Griffin's post up is beyond garbage
To be fair, the stakes in OKC tonight were higher than any in MKE since they played Philly in '01. Still, #thunder crowd was nuts.
you can stick it out til then, and you'll still have the rest of the summer to sunbathe in your yard naked
It will be ok just hang in there.
Dodgers catcher A.J. Ellis went 2 for 4 with 1 HR and 4 RBIs against the Rockies.
ALMOST left the apt without my running shoes in my gym bag. That would've been cool. 5 days til the 1/2!
I've known #Badger hockey senior Eric Springer since he was a toddler. Nice interview with him on #FSN during intermission :-)
WORK WORK WORK #WORK LOL
Swear I gots the whiplash
I KNOW, right?! They wouldn't let me have mine either. :(
boom! forgot about the gym
If you actually think its a good film, there's a chance you're brain dead
haha looks like someone forgot to pay their cell phone bill. Jams at 730 pal
you should def. stop by I'll be starting at 8:00 tomorrow
Madison square park is full of Ucb people today
presale code for Manchester NH please
Just tried putting the cereal box in the fridge..
i love being me. (cont)
Writing, Reading, Writing, and Reading.
thanks for the surveys.
Smithsonian Natural History Museum has a great exhibit on the social construction of race.
PickUpLine: Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
S/O to for doing i106 daily VO yelling out all kinds of station ids ....... U crazy man!
everyone help us get some more followers! We will donate for each follower to the American Cancer Society! We are #truebeliebers!
I m not to keen on prom cause I think in going to look like a mess in a dress
RT : Tweet us your questions and they'll go to and our panelists.
Imagine my surprise when I found out that we had both audio recorder and video camera at the ready for the show!
Calm and collective, violence is rare.
my job is here !!!! Lol I'm 60 miles from downtown chicago....
See you in 24 hours son!
#TheAvengers is certified awesome!! Filled w/action & humor. The ingredients of a perfect action flick. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
RT '' Your shooting a new movie after Empire State?'' So true!.. Still negociating with that but it'll be rad <3
A favorite quote: "He who has hope has everything." - Arabian Proverb
Bourdain's 100th episode suggests that Parisian dining is turning all Brooklyn hipster bistro. Lucky for me, Bklyn's 2 subway stops away.
Michael Jackson VS Elvis Presley who better? (I LOVE Michael Jackson,MJ FOREVER but they are both good)
"can we all do this again so it looks like i have friends" but seriously......
At Freedom Fest at Sandhill. About 100 booths out here...including mine. Come out if ur in Columbia. Fireworks tonight. I'm close to Moe's.
Painting my front porch this weekend. Ceiling navy blue, trim kelly green, walls off white, & checkerboard floor.
At the Reader, we are the 95 percent.
Just my luck to get sick on a 3day weekend
too bad I don't live in Mystic Falls, you and I could be buddies!!! xD
In the coming years, I'll be comparing the careers of Nick Perry and Courtney Upshaw VERY closely.
Happiness is a way to travel, not a destination. ~Roy Goodman
“: Got my fitted on just the way you like it... ”// looked good too ;)
So excited to do UNSEEN GUEST launch event at on the book's pub day. Tues, March 27th at 4 PM, Montclair NJ. Save the date!
hey wats up?
I never been on a plane before
itold you not to give up <U+E32A>
Getting in shape!
Responded to FIRE @ 1461 Commonwealth Ave, Bronx, NY 10460 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
You will find a girl prettier than me, smarter than me, and funnier than me, but you will never find a girl just like me!
deadbeat darling loves you...
An increase in the cigarette tax to $1.01 kicks in today! Govt. says it will help people quit and bring in revenue. What do you think?
mm okay
oh yeah! Can't wait to try some!
I miss when Austin actually wore his puka necklace.
Dog groomer RT : who is cutting Metta's hair?
As the temps climb into the 90's I'm getting ready for my first leg. 10.4 miles in my #Kinvara3's.
National Taco Day bitchezzzzzz
Watching Atlanta's halfcourt offense is like watching paint dry except paint drying is a bit more organized and predictable.
Party city!
as much as i hate the way you live your life through the internet, i may need you to teach me how to do this
watching Tosh haha. Do u still watch that...
Here's another spy word. Unscramble it and reply or DM your answer. If you're right, I'll DM you the password to #CovertTU! Word: YEDOC
thanks so much for the retweet about the scholarship program! www.DistinguishedYW.org! I hope some teens saw it!
Hieber's welcomes Prince of India restaurant for Taste of Oakland event 5/14/11. www.onlyinoakland.org - stop by for a taste!
I know it's too late now but I wish I could go back in time, start all over somehow and get it right from the start... find your way back
nothing matters but the weekend from a Tuesday point of view
Thounder and rain. where did my sun go?! Right
It seems to be all about terroir these past few days--class lectures, student papers & public talks.
Cover contest details have been posted. Who's gonna win?
Next week is a little tough but how about the following week? Fairly open, I think!
The Biblical understanding is that no institution exists as an end in itself, but only to serve the common good. -Walter Wink
....Damn this founding of America crap. Columbus day we should celebrate good vino, pasta, pizza, and tiramisu! Who's down?
He is my Rock
Is there anything I'm doin Brand New...
Contact me!
you're going to see him?
I hate doing papers!
Fact check whether Fidel Castro is going to meet his maker or go to "another place"
You need a front massage
A diving catch to end the inning by EJ.
Here we go
Sluts these days..
We would love to see all of you at a game!
July 2011 has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays, this happens every 825 years
L&S Career Services are here tonight from 5-7pm to give résumé & cover letter advice. Put your best foot forward for summer internships, etc
When is the Airing of Grievances? RT FYI there will be $2 Fish sandwiches at The Q during Monsters game 2night for Lent!
How's the game from the outside?
im in !! haha followed :D
Jethro Tull hell yea rock my world
Black Venti, please. Cheers!
If you up follow me on instagram
doing well, cheers!
Back home from kicking it with moms. Love spending time with my moms
3 day weekend = •Sleep •Mall •Chill with mah bros
Let's do one up and see if we mesh. Can you DM me your email?
Love it! It's adorable :)
on the bus with jadie! :)
It is weird how this day just vanished out from under me. Still, I did get to see a couple dudes get ordained as priests. That was a thing.
We're at the scrap yard with another 8 TONS!! that is 8 tons diverted from the dump!!
I hear you, one good thing about fall is that I can break out the crock pot again.
I really love what you are doing in Guatemala. Keep up the great work, and I look forward to seeing "Becoming Fools"
Two Jews Walk Into A War... has EXTENDED to March 27th. Do you have your tickets? 816-531-PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org
Could you like only have the right to vote once for Austin?!
lol yea how were the police
OK, I'm now following you on Twitter. Do I still get a shirtless pic?
Let's say I wanted to get into Avengers, or Spider-Man, or Batman, or Thor - there's no easy way to know where to start.
Sure, we'll swap this time
Happy birthday to one of my idols the beautiful miss Janet Jackson! :)
what if you run half of that? What do I get for that?
now that's funny! Glenn, the worlds oldest living student
toasted bread sucks
Ash from the Soufriere is making all of us very sick in PR!!
Join & I as we spin live tonight at NYC's famed Webster Hall from 11-2am. Can't make it there? Hear it live on !
christa you're more HIS bitch..he's not yours..
99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George Washington Carver
Great crowd today in Miami Beach. Keynote revealed amazing technology for the future of communications. Thanks, August!
Thanks to everyone who came out for likemind in Chicago - see you and everyone else next month on July 17!
Every day is Valentine's Day
my b day is january 13
I'm so stuffed up my mom can't even understand me /:
"It has been said that, at its best, preservation engages the past in a conversation with the present over a mutual concern for the future."
Man I hate when lame niggers think they got
La la land
'cause your idiot sister did so you thought it was a good idea?
#bbt2010. Is loving the panel on social media right now.
You know something? I hate dearly missing someone and not being able to tell them that you're not the same without them.
sounds great Love that combo!
The presentation went well. You should have been there. It was fun.
Sherlock Homes: Chip Wrecked - A bunch of overly cute chipmunks take a cruise on the Titanic and solve mysteries with Robert Downey Jr.
trying to get rid of her/him?
RT I just tried to kill a spider with hairspray. He's still alive, but his hair looks outstanding.
I remember seeing a facebook post by , I think, talking about how men are rarely defined by women in book titles, etc
Lol.....lots of loads.
I'm trying to determine just hoe they figured this out. :-)
RT rt if you've finally perfected your human guise & can walk among them undetected
Hech yess!!!! I could never imagine you without it!
oh yes please =)
we are waiting outside! You should come!
Things are looking good!
Ur just asking for trouble...RT : Five Guys & Chinese = Yes Please!
I would love to host the Johnsonville House Party
Everyone should check out and hear him sing.
Xmas Tweets: Dad now describing how he's going to die sliding down in the shower from a heart attack. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU. RT : Getting upset because a lead singer cuts his hair shows clearly you're not in it for the music
I reconcile in the spirit of forgiveness and morons recant and fight their own confusion.
U don't have to despise "traditional" marriage to support same sex marriage. I'm straight but want my gay friends to be happy.
A Retweet For A Rice Crispy Lmao
Lilly's killed tonight! Tons of great players, DJ , AND a freestyle battle between saeed and maurice brown...yea.
Laying in bed.
The Stretch Run: looking at education bills in the Legislature ...
lead to bad consequences. This thought can be also shared, so others would not repeat.
Just had lunch in Auckland with two New Zealand triathlon legends: Hamish Carter and Rick Wells.
No matter how fast you run, Michael Myers will walk faster.
Also many memories of being the only girl in math or science classes in high school and college. Always having to "prove".
I tell people this all the time, If you don't want your feelings hurt stop tweet watching & get a new hobby.
I'm at Breakfast Wednesday
Can't believe Aramis Ramirez already gets a bobblehead this season. How about a team leader...like Rickie Weeks...
...and WE can't wait until works her magic here at the April 5th Women in Media event!
May 4. Save the date we ARE going to see it. no excuses.
lives on the cutting edge of the digital library, try to keep up with her our virtual summit.
I 84 eastbound is moving five miles an hour
wats the secret
Breakfast from mcdonalds sounds too bomb right now :D
I said a hip, hop|Hippie to the hippie|The hip, hip a hop, and you don’t stop, a rock it|To the bang bang boogie, say, up jump the boogie
RT to win $50 gift card to
no! my search can't go down when i'm supposed to leave.... no!
good morning! :)
Just left Florida Memorial University. Very impressed by some of the young brothers I met here.
I like their outfits
Why am i in Glendale??
Mitt Romney not sure why people listen to him or look as his record. Just vote for him.
You serious Flynn? FAR more embarrassing moments...
Toyotism-->capitalizing on customization. Seen in almost every industry. no more assembly line. so long Fordism.
Happy Sunday everyone! Our double punch drink is a "like-a-virgin," see y'all soon!
Feel sorry for him for being ignorant. You're good.
I can hear i sayin that hahahahaha RT : They lick fingers suck toes all tht shit
I luv how Obama can change his stance on an issue n its calld n evolution but if ne1 else changes a stance on ne topic its calld flipfloppin
Life’s like a bird, it’s pretty cute until it shits on your head.
Success is just failing at failing.
"Happy Mothers Day"!!! Who run the world? #Girls!
you SR are just amazingly Wonderful funy most atractive guy LOVE YOU ;D
#Icant wit these dry nappy hair cuts
the video of him from the teen vogue shoot
Dream what you want to dream, be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do <U+2665><U+2665>
sorry to bother you, but were you able to find out about my script?
I had too much cuban coffee this morning
Feel better, Yuvi!! WE LOVE YOU!!! XOXO
I can't believe Madge has twitter. Movin' on up, momma!
Whats good loves... Headin to wk.. Come get at us.... STARTERS FAIRLANE PEOPLE!!!!!!
I'm Jill. I work as an temp academic reference librarian in NC while looking for a permanent position.
And that is why io9 is the only Gawker site worth paying attention to.
But don't worry. There are other, better ways you are special. :)
The tech boom is back. Yelp shares closed 64% up from its IPO price. Facebook is on the horizon
“: I want a country boy #notredneckthough” zilly
blogged: Think Big Baltimore #tbb 2day, check it out! kudos to all of the speakers including , , and
Rosendale notorius for that. The gas stations sell t-shirts with a cop car outline and the slogan: "Rosendale: It's the ticket!"
Not looking so awesome now...
What a gorgeous day to be downtown in Milwaukee! Stop into Watts to see our new collections or have a glass of iced tea.
I'm here babe<3
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren’t so busy denying them.
One day, we'er gonna look back on these tweets and these times and laugh, and it will be a humbling experience for both of us...
can you follow me plz
I've seen New Moon 2 times!
I want Syracuse 2 kick rocks!!!
Pretty bad day today .
At insomnia cafe seeking inspiration for sketches...
here I am. GO CARDS!!
y'all are awesome! Will do.
At Harvard Law School in Boston for the DPLA meeting. Interesting to see a community trying to build a new "platform" :-) Fun :-)
Nearing the end of National Poetry Month. I highly recommend Matthew Henriksen's Ordinary Sun. Lovely, haunting, surreal.
KG getting that second wind.
WHAT ARE YOU REFFERRING TO?
thanks bro
Come on Dallas let's beat the lakers 4-0
that's because my is a trooper. Besides, she wouldn't have done a schizophrenic Beyonce impersonation.
watching star wars with the roommies..hoping for a snow day tomorrow!!
girl i agree
I missed my 10k tweet but fuck it
awesome stuff!
I want to marry a man like Landon from A Walk To Remember
Good morrow!
lmao well send me some :D
Love the city lights reflecting through the rain on my window
yes. She's done this since she was a pup! It's crazy!
Nothing beats Oxford with nice weather
it says march 28
how do i do that?
I miss you too Tina girl..how you been?? RT : I miss
who? ya mama?
If NM means "not much" to you... We're not friends. IT'S NICKI MINAJ.
yep -- our stopped working after last big upgrade. As says, believe it had to do w/db structure.
GREAT SUN SHINING
what's the source of racial tension n #BloomingdaleDC? Some constituents are surprised that there's any. Others suspect K
I have never spammed in my life... ;=)
Yes baby I am Marvin Gaye's sister.. Ty, may God Bless You <Zee>
ahem of course one of them is you (;
Which is btr? not having a dad when u grew up, or knowing u hav a dad, b he prety much neglects u.
Sorry didnt tweet alot yesterday I was at my friends birthday party becuz uh kno im a good person... sort of all I did was trip a little kid
prozac inducing nerves is a sign of a true fan. Keep it real.
The Working Hour Loves Brunch!!!
Thanks Austin for a great start to our first groupon offering!!!! There is still time to purchase and save LOTS!!!!
And the Monster Raving Loony Party, for good measure. MT I demand a response from the Dixiecrats. And the Whig party...
Hey I just met you an this is crazy but here's my number so #callmemaybe haha love that song
Tailgate is in the blue lot.
Leave it to Pandora and a coworker's shitty taste in music to remind me Evanescence ever existed.
overheard: "we are at 105 employees, I started getting serious like 5 minutes ago...."
Glad to hear it! I haven't read ALVIN HO books but I've read they are great
my friend is a b.a.n so sad...
But if you do look at Yahoo's, notice that they put the Oakland #Raiders logo instead of
Where were you?
Good job on the call of the Badger game today despite the loss.
i know you can post images and tag a price to it, so i want to start using it as a way to link back to my #etsy shop & website
I think I'm almost to the point of emotional breakdown.
Ctfu , we really singing " mooovee get out the way " while traffic .. ^ ___ ^
If you're in Chicago and get picked up by the cops, be it NATO or whatever, DM me.
We've heard that concern a lot, happy to discuss it further offline, if you're ever available. Thanks for your support!
Rainbow lollipop all the way! :D
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings - MarketWatch (press release)
Just beat in a serious game of ping pong
If speaking and - perhaps more important - listening skills are valuable, I don't know a better way than an interview....
Trying very hard not to be sad that Doctor Who is filming by the Brooklyn bridge today and I'm not there to see it.
ok I'm sorry. You got it boo thang!
It's pretty amazing, I know.
I really don't think Ima be able to sleep before work -_-
And dare I say Rihanna's bad roots and Flashdance-esque perm looks kind of FRESH?
Socially awkward people. <<<<<<
Hi, where does a girl go to listen to your music?
incredible! Do have other videos like that?
I realized that you have to put yourself first all the time because no one else will....
Red velvet cupcakes! :D just finished baking them secs ago <3 I like baking, I really do c:
i cant tonight D: sorry
What a glorious Sunday to be...inside, editing my thesis.
"I have a dream, and dr.king wouldn't be proud of me...i wanna enslave the whole planet, and make them bow to me"
Tarpon Trivia Tuesday ~ Do you have a favorite place to watch the Sunset in Tarpon Springs?
"I STAY WITH MY HEAD TO THE SKY, CONDOR WINGSPAN....I'M SO FLY!!!"
convos with Kali on the way home >>>
Out shopping today for another handgun!! Listening to some music as I ponder the possibilities !!
Salted should be going late
for my followers I charge $100 per look a la carte.
Damn it's cold today, what happened to Spring in Seattle?
Good work!
Hey, YOU! Do something useful with your 140 characters... type #beatcancer and that's all it takes. Let's beat it in the face.
Let the pre wedding workouts begin!
did u realize its Friday the 13th!?
Keep following #GiveGlobal12 to stay up to date w/ The Conference today :) Lot's of talk about how to engage the
If y'all don't hear from me any more it's cuz I OD'd on these gummy bear vitamins
Felton also said he'll miss Memphis game to attend uncle's funeral. Plans to rejoin team for Spurs & Jazz road games next week.
Is it true tht Lil Wayne is dead?!?!?!?!
Passed 3 guys in their 20's each lugging a 30-pack of Keystone :) Enjoy your youth. Life eventually becomes more complicated.
Happy Birthday from CW20! New One Tree Hill tomorrow at 8 on CW20!!
WWF Sunday Night Heat > Miami Heat
Austin loves his Mahomies. I'm a Mahomie. Therefore, he loves me. dasswhassup.
hey!!! Congrats on Mellon!! Fabulous news!!
it was an early night for the boy last night bra...Had to work today
I'm robbing your house!
“: Newt is killing It! He's leagues above the other 3! #romney #santorum #ronpaul #newt #palin #cnndebate”
Is every murder a monk commits, premeditated?
Thank you , it's a well-known fact: Free cookies are the best cookies.
when you write #FF to each other do you mean Fact Finding or Face [-to- implied] Face?
Great talk on innovation by Clorox #CIO at SanFran conference today,
knock off kool aid still got flavor. it's all in the sugar & wrist action.
Ppl have trouble taking pleasure in things animals do. Sex and food. Not in WI!
Love sugar bees
Barney Frank pointed out women's job losses during Obama are the result of GOP-led downsizing of teachers, government.
doing homework 0: its easy but boring
appreciate that miss lady.
Sorry Charanga Habanera. Less than a 60 minute set don't cut it..."En la Yuma."Despierta Cuba, tour manager and venue. Muy malo
50DAYS TILL 'MINDLESS BEHAVIOR' CONCERT .. SO EXCITED
Great conference at Oregon Mentors today, especially Matt Schulte from
unfortunately no. Not into UFC
lesson of the day : Don't sneeze while peeing.
Usually when I say "I don't care" or act like i don't, there's like an 90% chance that's a lie.
I love you <U+2665>18
Gonna bake myself a cake with my bay and eat it all day long..muhuhaaha!
I remember those I wish they could come back so I can go to San diego and watch Rodgers kill the chargers this year
Who's going to explain to policy makers that you don't need to spend $80M to build a custom data system? CC
Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder what you are... This girl makes lunch so much better
Great way to end the year:-) Big Fan, nod to
“: Thanks to our sponsors ! We appreciate your support! - Glad to be a part!
What are the chances David Stern even lets the Nuggets compete tonight, never mind win? 10000:1?
sleep well Mr. President! Job well done! thanks for all you do
StoryCorps markw stories on scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on wave data
most definitely. I also have Spotify Mobile.
not well at all :-( haven't found anyone, might have to go ahead and not have percussion at my set.
We need your data! Take a photo of your badge today so we can visualize attendees expertise/experience this year
RT : Why is Tim McCarver still on television? >Good question. I find him extremely annoying
Happy day of birth! You earned this!
"I think my favoritest thing about food is the taste. I love food." -Me, in a fit of hunger
ni me digas el primer round ya paso
Should be no charge for the migration. Is the site you have hosted w/us the same listed on twitter? That one loads for me ^CH
Choose to participate in your life, because it will always refuse to stand still even if you are.
Things you don't hear people say anymore... Let me go get my beanbag.
Thanks have an amazing weekend yall!RT:
Barbara Martinez found me, she is a pro!
congratulations on making the Billboard 2012 Power 100 in the music industry
SICK SEASON
A childhood legend has been lost, rest in peace Maurice Sendak. Hope you're Where The Wild Things Are
hadnt had a chance to rave yet but u nerds know how to party! Seriously, awesome job, next year i'll try to get ladies
1 more day then here I come, FrightmareWeekend!!
Booty call maybe?? RT I wonder why she calls me out of all people at 3:00 AM...
Whew! Spent all weekend on presents, wrapping and cards. 95% done with it all!
Hey #SanDiego — What do you want to know about your Port — Money? Safety? Politics? Let me know.
Grab your crew I'll grab my crew we can rendezvous around 2 but 1st #MVP at the door lets rage
yes indeed Grown Folks Music lol# random
Not feeling to good right now
no love for Android?
Cause you gotta emphasise the B and drag out the I just to piss em off
I now know what my mother meant when she used to say sometimes: "it's a Barnum and Bailey world". We live in a circus atmosphere.
John boy... JOHN BOY
it's not bad to have just a few friends. It's easier to focus on the ones that matter :)
Please tell me that this is sarcasm!
Goodnight beautiful people :-) ( minus that one ugly bytch that wont stop followin me ) lol
It's not humanly possible for someone to tell you they have "Mambo #5" stuck in their head & then for you NOT to get it stuck in your head.
Booked a new headshot session for next week! Becoming unstoppable...!!!
That awesome moment when you're thinking "I'd love a massage" & someone comes up behind you & gives you a massage in the hallway <3
Alert | DANE Co | Crash | US 12 EB | Old Sauk Road | All Lanes Blocked (One Direction) | 511wi.gov.
In such a good mood right now. I just wanna give everybody in the world a hug :-))
believe it! I saw it first hand. ;-)
WOW! Black Angus Burger w/ Blue Cheese & Maple Smoked Bacon... One of the BEST burgers that I've ever had!
#ChefChiarello I'm really surprised. Sorry to see you go. I've been watching your shows for years. Always makes me extremely hungry.
Its the other Miami - in Ohio RT : Is something going on with the U's football team?
thnx! will check it out!
Congratulations to Raman & Marlene on their upcoming #wedding in #Miami. We look forward to hosting you and your families this weekend.
Hello Friday! I've been looking forward to seeing you all week:)
Thank you! Likewise.
forreal though right. take a shit dawg take a shit. lul i must talk to you in private tho.
We're a producing company. I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Did Paul Ryan's hair take PEDs? No way that's all natural.
Bryce Harper has more home runs than pujols
Mom doesn't appreciate my narration as she attempts to parrallel park. She said something about me & an ass.
7 days until our SURGE info session with !
practice :P ...feel lik ccrap....not feeelin school tomorrow :]
PowerPoint is playing a big role in my night in a social way....what??? Srsly?
Hahahaha! Get off me !! RT : If wants to continue being my friend he needs to step his Gucci Game up! Lmfao
Dont look like antelope. Ah ha moment- Let's not talk about technology, but something with a name.
A4 My little pillow that I sleep with on the plane ....
Quick, post it on our twumbposterpressbook!
bills play patriots after their bye again? It must be a running joke at the league office
Yep RT : Ok I retweet u and u gain 20 more followers. So is that gon boost yo life and blow u up to stardome?
Twitter allows you to connect with your customers.
sweden , scandinavia , usa , england
Have a office of 15 or more? Call Kristi at 202- 296- 6500 for extended happy hour prices! ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
A HUGE congrats to for winning awards (via )
SO PROUD OF MY BFF! Almost through with Physical Therapy grad school!! RT: On my way to my last class ever!!!!!! Whoa!!!
Somethings require Instructions this includes people
OMG i feel like i died, i had so much to study.Havent been on twitter for 10 days!
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend What...? What kind of fucking trend is that?
I think it's really hard but not impossible, having something to move to definitely helps a lot though. It's tough man :/
Why tf is she bitching at me
Working the registration desk & looking forward to the #altchi Physical Love session at 4:30
One of the best Happy Hours few blocks from Union Station! --> try their tasty specials & reinvented Classic Cocktails.
Craving fish and chips again!! I had it last night at the Hawthorne Fish House but they weren't as good as Burgerville's
sometimes when i feel sad, i listen to slow songs, and i start thinking too much -___-
Nice job, sir. Well done.
I eat at least 10 gfree bagels a week. I feel ya
turn that frown upside down :)
Never let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Never let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
“: Sitting in the Place des Vosges using the free WiFi. Both are heaven.” wow, I'm there. One of my favorite places on earth.
On the drive home last night, it happened: Mandy Moore's "Crush".
and u will. Print your book i send you list of agencies
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!
I wish we can collab sometime
Jimmy Neutron??!
Love it! QR codes are a great disappointment
Turpin/Anderson tailgate tomorrow at 5pm at Turpin. Join us.
Where are you training? Have a Blast!
gonna get 's hair tom..haha....i really idolize Christina Grimmie!
open, public collaboration also assumes reusability. I can use others' libraries / code, rarely their designs.
here's to the rockets that came out of hibernation today on campus
Take a poop and bake a cake.
Study as if you were going to live forever; live as if you were going to die tomorrow
., like studying for econ?
Survived attack of the coffee straw, makes it a great
Then you should come visit your former home!!
Actually, Twitter, those people are not similar to me. They are all boys. I am a girl. Big difference.
Nice--I did sit ups and jumping jacks to them. Very exercise-condusive rhthym!
Bobby Brown and his P.R coming out swinging that he did not lead Whitney on the path to death.
In chicago
Brilliant Daddy! I'd say - how much free time did that give you?
it's a great day to #BeOrange!
Man!! That would be so sweet!!! Truly a dynasty...
Tell the little ones good luck and learn as much as possible cause it will get easier...
The starting point of protection of our work starts with the education of our artists - Creative industries
ha ha, great minds....
when I grow up - I want to be a grumpy old hermit so that everyone will leave me alone! (not really!)
If Cupid saw his shadow this morning that means the divorce rate will rise to 60%, right?
It's about time you got down from that roof bro. Trying to sleep.
If you can't say anything positive, crawl back in the bed until you can! Trust me, the world will appreciate that this morning! Grrh!
Quit acting like fan and start being a friend u know who you are
"This is where she wants 2 B. I am what she want 2 c. I've never known a love so sweet. Still I keep Vikki waiting."
Cal just said that the #roadron #sportingkc is winning the fan presence...
I'm having the time of my life over here!
Google Robert Seth Hayes & learn how to support his release. His con't. imprisonment is a violation of the law, human rights, & God's la ...
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. ~ Jesse Jackson
I'm running on less than 6 hours of sleep. I'm so tired, have to make sure I take a nap at some point.
Oh I figured, I was just piling on.
is one fine mama. Marry me? Lol
Take their order, and charge the pizza shop a commission to relay it to them. Or say "Sorry, we're closed." Or "nopizza4u!"
Told myself that I would study for the AP BC Calc exam some more tonight. Guess what I haven't done... Rhymes with "buddy"...
Stop in and get your last minute gifts for a whoppin 50% OFF! We are only open for another 2 hours! HURRY UP AND BUY!
I think it's time for The Rockford Files theme to make a comeback.
": "If we are bound to forgive an enemy, we are not bound to trust him.""
Prefinished Brazilian Cherry solid or engineered 5" - Add the timeless beauty of hardwood floors.
We just bought a house
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
Something told me not to go to cold stone.. I saw the line and decided to still go in.. I almost did until I seen he who shall not be named
wisdom teeth recovery update: numbness gone. lunch was puréed Trader Joes macaroni and cheese, dinner is--yet again-- mashed potatoes.
Hahaha totally. And my facial expression is too funny. I had to use this one.
Would you please take 2 or 3 minutes out if your day to clarify that statement?
u sure can
I think is hangin' with his parental units.
Bad first day of the month but it all good
and what's better is isn't responding...looks like I may have 12 sites or more to move today. Thinking of
Hello to our new followers :) We're following you back!!
I don't really care if I talk a lot sometimes, it's just sometimes. I need to listen too
Congrats! Hope I get to see it on video. I'm contemplating submitting one for EyeO but have never given one before.
Just had a 9 yr. old boy explain history of Reconstruction. Taught me a few things. Take that Eric Foner.
I was so busy tweeting I didnt look at the time so I might be late for the check in time. Fail oh well yolo
You're right.
At the NYC Google Reboot
NO. CLUE.
yikes. thank you.
arn't we already worried about making super bateria/viruses? Maybe make it madnatory to stay away longer if they get sick.
Attending screening of "Happy" as part of Environ Film Festival at Atlas on H St. Guarantee we are only Republicans here cc:
Last day of work for the year. Boom!
ooh. I'm sorry.
i work at the concert promoter that is putting on your portland show... ill probably see you there.
top gun is a awesome movie
God why is always drinking starbucks or bobba?
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
me too! Bc even last night was a bit heartbreaking!
ball so hard
I love it!!! You really got creative ;) haha.
Atlantic City's Boardwalk Ambassadors get overhaul with bigger budget, more ... - Press of Atlantic City
Wish I had a little bro to turn into a boss
What is with this "imperfection" and "Human Frailty" I seem to be so good at?
Also the world is lacking role models
So excited for the #SuperBowl!! Let's go Patriots! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
Most of the time I get really sentimental hen my husband goes out of town but not this time...
good morning Austin , from your friendly Johnson jags (; hope you see this .(: <U+2764> we're getting ready for #school -_________-
Always invited. Hope you're doing well
Made this long trip to work @ the Skokie base and my partner not here. I know he better show his ass up
#WhenIWasYounger I didnt know who was... :O
I'm thinking about getting a Youtube channel.
I was at the store last night. I didn't see where it said for women Only. O_O
a future. Where others have to entertain the reality that they will not eat for the rest of the week, will not have a place to lay their
Make me laugh Will. I really need it right now. Why does caring have to hurt sometimes?
Im to nice
Thanks for spreading the word with your RT.
My new moto is for my Paralegal career is "Take a Bite out of Justice" courtesy of Crisco Kidd....lol
goin to bed! night guys!!
Cisco Announces Intent to Acquire Truviso
"The problem w/ trouble-shooting is that sometimes trouble shoots back." --My default answer if I were an IT guy.
I just read your columns on oktc. I'll be reading and may send a question or two.
RT : Ron Paul wants States to handle their own disaster relief. That's like asking a burn victim to also put out the fire.
#ILJB means that i <U+2665> justin bieber and the jobros lmao
Don't understand why these meetings were not held before. Imp. community buy-in completely ignored.
kam did you tap out?
Tell Him That's Grit & I'm Proud Of Him...He'll Get It
thank you so much for ~The Daily Oracle~ tweet! You are wonderful!!!
I am w/ u! Diaz RT : you kno it! I got diaz RT “: cannot wait!!! Going to be a great card.”
You're welcome! :) Which library are you at?
Let me know what you find out. I hate promising LinkedIn groups that are filled with spam. It is such a missed opportunity.
mane im to bored right now....ugh need some to do
hahaha you're an idiot. #butiloveyou :)
Dog owners make less visits to a doctor(kangaroo owners do not).They also have better post heart attack survival:: //ow.ly/9LPMM
its poplin for real man.. I love it
Mylanta, really?! When does #finfit go live?
I need more guy friends. Im sick of girls.
please follow she is you biggest fan!89
ha, is that a joke or are you actually asking? Feb 5
let's put it together
A Napoleon Dynamite TV series?! Are we ready for this?
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber is 5'7 RT if you're smaller than him
J.D. Salinger, author of "The Catcher in the Rye" has died at the age of 91.
Gotta go up ta Macy's tmrw mornin at 10:15 ta fill out some papers
Russell Wilson *can* win starting gig in Seattle. Not totally sold on Matt Flynn. RW is in run-heavy system similar to Wisconsin's offense.
And good morning to you kind sir. RT : Morning Patriots
I am so not ready to be awake yet.
N i can't stop her n ion really care
Happy birthday to Shane! Sophia xo (I can't believe he's 25 already! Wow!)
awe thanks sweetie! :)
#CERAWEEK social networks work against Iran says kissinger
#AmySedaris in #Dallas at the #Kessler on April 19!
JUST RT ALL NIGHT..
Okay. Assuming you're not staying at the Donovan House Hotel in DC?
We love that you wore Canyon Group chenille robes on every season of The Nanny! See your pix on our Hall of Fame page!
Hey, at salute having a great time? Yes me too. This is the spot for Mondays. 50% off in all wine bottles!
In Chicago rooting for my team to lose.
ew whats with these creeps messaging me on facebook
What u xpect, they're Yankees of NBA. RT @ yelloboy32 Kobe's extension, $83.5M with a no trade clause.....yeah, he's a Laker for LIFE.
Alright JV game almost over time for Varsity! Let's do this Buckeyes!
Good to see the Occupy movement back in the main stream media. This fall it will be Occupy Government time in DC
im so excited!!:) falling in reverse concert in 2 days<3
Yes. I cannot wait.
Finish packing, say bye to boyfriend, then I'm #TampaBound. :)
oh lordy goodness...that might just be a little wierd that someone is your online peeping tom!
should be in DC soon!
That's my girl
New Mouse on Mars album is brilliant.
Our selection for "Best Food & Drinks in SE Portland" is The Observatory Restaurant. Amazing job Kate & Todd have done!
Horrible day
"I love you Selena, my little sister I never had" - on her acceptance speech for "Artist of the Year" at 2011 AMAs.
The interweb is super slow today.
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day
Brizzly is shutting down?!
The ending to last night's game was one of the strangest I've ever seen. Incredible shots by KG and Ray Allen.
Perfect Spring day. =)
Austin, Texas can you hear me ?
Does what's happening in #egypt remind anyone else of Cory 's "For the Win"?
Cuddles & a film with jord! Such a tired little lady! Nanitee x
Special Shout out to for helping boost my twitter followers! xoxoxo
What is it called when a redhead has bleeding gums? Gingervitis.
“: Stop acting like the devil if you're going to call yourself a Christian.”
All Tickets can be purchased onsite for Flash on Tap. Online registration has ended.
I want to go to the aquarium.
#youknowilikeyou when i offer to take you to a fancy dinner like mcdonalds on the first date.
Anxious to get home, exercise, and complete Relief Society tasks so I can then watch Once Upon a Time!
The sad paradox of student life: learning need - does not allow laziness, sleep, lie down - conscience. Sit eat.
Happy Valentines Day to everybody
Is the crowd chanting "get your a$$ up"?
i know but, im new to all this liking boys and girls. I didnt mean to offend you.
It's funny, I upgraded to 16GB and my menumeters now says I sit at aroute 11.5GB used, 5GB avail--all Chrome tabs :)
I hope someone took a screenshot of his name trending. Patrimony for his progeny!
Guys that fight over who has a hotter mom <<<<<<<<<
#LUCCampusSecurity, I love you.
Out. Flatted utg open with 1010 and button called. Flop 965 two clubs. I bet/call and lose vs 66. Shoulda 3b pre maybe but had a weird table
Goal of the Day: Hold the door, carry something heavy, buy a cookie! Commit to doing one nice thing for somebody else each day.
hey Demi :) I just wanted to say you beautiful & amazing I can't wait to see u on July14 2012 ! My sis and I are crazy for you! <U+E327>
Stacks on the make up bag.
Sunday evening #mlanet12 is going to be packed w/ overlapping social events. Due to locations, no way I can do them all. :(
Let veterans tell the stories in their own terms. Show compassion. Don't cry (but talk about it later on if you need to)
#Reading #50ShadesOfGrey woo! + getting mentally ready for some apt #hunting all throughout this week. Oh lordie
I'd have to agree
you're full of it
I think i love her
that video is crazy Greg! Where is he placing/sending that video?
You're welcome honey ^^ XoX
trying to visually organize a lot of information. It's more difficult than I anticipated.
Daughter was just offered job as a dealer at the new casino! Cool!
Finished 4th place with my bracket. Guess you can't win 'em all.
Is the drummer not wearing pants or is he wearing khakis?
what's right will be a shorter list
sorry to disappoint all but we at BEA are on top of everything. there are a few annoying hiccups!
If my neighbors dont tone it down a little bit, I am going to have to change my WiFi network name to "I can hear you having sex".
Got a spotter for taking down Xmas lights. No offense to the kind nurses , but I prefer not to spend my 3-day wknd w/ them again
My FB network is like Google search engine..it delivers constantly. I appreciate ...
I know I was just really hard on them the last couple of days! lol
#unwifeable if she diss the music i make and the ppl i hang wit. friends-forever bezzy-4 the moment
Commit to living your life.
All right #Nuggets let's do work! Game 7 LET'S GO!!!!!
I'm so pumped about this!
Also just found out: apparently I volunteered (at a different meeting I didn't attend) to organize campus guides. #orly? #libjobshadowFL lol
So that will make 2 of us.
I feel like hell. Can't wait to get this final over with and crawl into bed
Sorry Guys Rico Muerte had to pull out of Free Tulsa. We apologize for any inconvenience.
wow, where is that?
Off to interview Wim Wenders. All questions will begin with W.
Just got off the phone with my auntee .. Me love her so . <3
listening to music, you?
On my new laptop.!! Thanks mom and wendy soo much. I love youu Guys <3!!!
I ain't gotta explain shit ta you , my phone actin up
I hate it when people say, "It's me", in voice mails. Who's "Me" ?
Friends in low places.
Our genealogy group was watching the show together on AfriGeneas. Very moving.
how weather plays a role on your eating habits
Congrats on exceeding more than 1000 votes! You rock!
Anyone have a favorite bar in the Andersonville neighborhood? We're starting our search for May 26th. Reply or DM us!
I remembered that tonight while taking my mom to an early Mother's Day dinner. Hearing her stories was the best part.
"There's blood, in the water!"
no. This isn't happening. #meltdown <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Going to try out for abdc soon.. Thanks to my mentors who help me make it this far..
nope. Not on Madison. I have to get out there one of these days and meet some peeps.
Laughtin out loud to my self boy ur not even funny I'm laughin at ur dummness
i love jb retweet if u agree!
that's Victor Ennis.
What language do they even speak in avatar
Thank you for the birthday wishes, beloved humans!
ooh shit.. she took the earrings off!!!
honestly super super excited for one direction! only like 400 days lol
thats whats up but what you been up too havent talk too you or seen you in forever lol
hope you're doing well (:
What the hell are you doing Corey Hart
RT "There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so" Shakespeare
San antonio
Oh snapped, my wife just found me on twitter!!!
Living the dream, acting and being a fireman at the same time. That's awesome.
So sore from the pt test sheesh
Dead tired
Well I guess i'm too old for the traditional easter egg hunt..i'm 16 not 36.I wanna find some eggs!!!
Best of Bacon #9: Bacon, Tomato, Radish bites
This Friday is opening day for the at Miller Park! Are you going? Who are you excited to see play this season?
RT “: What's the difference between walking up the street and down the street? What If I'm walking along side it? #deepthought"
what's the word Laurent?
Dont be afraid of what can get you high..<3 <3PINK<3
It's good for the party that Michele and Marcus will no longer be in the news :-)
IMPACT Milwaukee: If you want to soar like an eagle...quit hanging with crows!
I wanna kiss, lick, suck on your nipples.
I spilled my coffee. This nearly brought me to tears until I remembered that coffee is actually good for keyboards.
What can wash away your sins? What can make you hold again? I’m glad you asked… nothing but BLOOD OF JESUS. Be Encouraged!
Nobody could mis that BODY!!!!
of coarse he cant.. I knew this would happen.
30+ years strong! K&M Camera has got you covered! RT RT RT
Top 5 all time! Successful with 1 pitch in the juiced ball, juiced players era.
You're so damn relentless..
“: What God spoke to you on your knees he will reveal to you while moving your feet.”
Preach, ha ha RT : I'll rather Lose to da THUNDER by 30 than lose to da Pacers at Home...hahahahaha
Ability is what you're capable of doing.....Motivation determines what you do....Attituide determines how well you do it.....Lou Holtz
Have to learn more about it, but at first glace more engaging than old interface. Ups the game for marketers
is having a rough afternoon..... sigh. I need to have some fun this weekend. Any thoughts?
Just used radiant heating in place of steam on a project. Thank you for the follow.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. ~David Frost
Slowly fading away over a stack of books at Raynor Library...I could really use a juice box right about now
lmao tell us how u really feel ?! Shit lmao
Getting back into a workout routine. Had a good gym sesh this morning. Just gotta work on eating healthy!!
ya ik but they are going to be in L.A. im going to be in san francisco :(
I wish Austin had a trader joes!
Because we're talking about a specific demographic in Milwaukee with a huge unemployment rate
Euro pane is the best. They have my favorite kale salad in the universe.
Thank you, hugs from me and Gigi! RT : Happy Mothers Day to you awesome ladies!
Haven't been on this in a while. Dang, how is everyone doing? Haha. :D
That's a good thing! Enjoy the beach and see you next weekend.
Green tagged items at Diversity Thrift are 25 cents each! Today and tomorrow!! Happy Easter!!!
Approx 1 hr until tip off...for all my #Hoosier friends and fans, you deserve this! Let's go #IU!
no, lol we're cool
this sucks Shany :(( I'm gonna cry
Im on my ballin each and everyday. Asian girls everywhere. UCLA!
Romney talks a good talk. How does he walk??? Time will tell as he attempts to move to the center!!!
Feeling sleepy!
AGT was solid, buccos won, not bad for a Monday night.
hey librarians, and others, whats #libday8? i feel behind the times.
Warm weather headed our way in #Boston, AM shower tomorrow! Hello March! :)
Mom is really really sick!!! i hope she is ok!!!
it's Pentecost. Toussaint is still comparatively a youngster.
Started sound editorial on at ! Oh, so crazy!
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
shut the hell up. god , imma slap disss women i swear
that said, I'm also worried he's over-hyped... But I adore Michael Matz
It is hot as hec out here
HUGE thanks to and Brandon LittleJon for the gear you provided to me at this years Sundance Film Festival!
dr. Pepper
The suspense is killing me! Did you get the cut? Or do you want to upgrade to a salon that won't change your appt time? ;)
Dumb girls pretending they're clever always is RT : this is painful.
Not fair. Bolden would be shredding UM's d. He's shred any D if he had this running game every Saturday.
Just weeks away from changing the game!
I KNOW HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON KEWL DUDE! ;)
stupid crap like this is not helpful. Makes us as bad the they are!
OK, thanks for clarity. My mom had Alzheimer's--IT WAS THE GREATEST GIFT OF MY!
doesn't give credit when it comes to bobbleheads
Woman's day, Wasn't it just Valentines day? What next in 2 weeks? A non issue if women actually recognized men a lil more
; i better get a <U+E418> tonight lmao
A landing page is not mean to capture every bite of information of a person. It is a lead, not a registration or sale.
it's not a mistake if you learned from it. (:
He & ancient Israelite sources missed studies on gender & culture. Two-spirits don't count.
RT This RT : I think I like the fake Tracy Morgan's tweets better than real Tracy Morgan's tweets. // lol
Can we turn STEM into STEAM? A = Art. Yes please!
7411: I love your icon it reminds me of what Austin did and your bio is so sweet #Mahomies we should talk some time {anytime}
idc about your guyses game i want to play you one on one
Just got done practicing.
How sweet. Love these. RT : penfield high... Mr Shay. He was the real deal in my opinion.
Heyy there, just stopped by to sag I love you;) You're my inspiration to follow my dream <3 Follow me.? :)
Merry Christmas everybody!!! Remember the reason for the season!!!
RT : Our new 2-song single "NEW LOVE" will be available this Monday (V-Day!) @ www.parachutemusical.com ..there will be a...
Where's the sun at?
I wish I hadda gotten that pussy
Aren't some of the complaints about the film's 48-frames-per-second rate?
stay strong like Demi
Me ! ask him to follow me :)
"How I Roll" by the one and only - the Femme Fatale album and concert this year were epic!!
My heart is broken.
OK, why am Frigg am i still awake? GUESS ITS NITEY NITE THEN !!
wonderful news. and intriguing prospectus, too!
well Im happy for u that u contract is over wit probably means a little less stress for ya
I say someone should throw them out of a moving car on I-65. Free Enes!
Agile Oracle Application Express |Free All Library
Congrats man! welcome to Billsnation! #BillsMafia are behind you man!
No they're not sorry :( try a&g bakery hollaaaaaaaaa
One day rise to interigate the holy ghost
I'd like to get some back-issues on sale that I missed..can I just come by to shipping and pay on the spot? DM me please..
Summer Hours for #HRHappyHour is 1st Thursday of each month June/July/August - cool beans! Enjoy some much needed time off
Okay ! you'll have more followers I promise you !
Jaylon Jones gets basket in the lane for Lakes. Jones has played hard inside tonight. Seven Lakes leads Hightower 45-38 with 6:20 left.
I'd like to point out that I stayed at my desk during the tornado warning today.
. Always wonderful to connect with students!
Big UPS to and for equally ridiculous sets last night. Think I pulled somethin dancing
I cant stand when I put on lipgloss and its windy and my hair just keeps on sticking to my lips!! STUPID!
I've barely seen any tweets about prom.
Congratulation to the Boston Bruins for winning the Stanley Cup! Go #Bruins!
Front row seats for Wango Tango!! Justins the guest host<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Hit Park Ave today and do some shopping with ur #RYPDiscountCard, stop by for 20% off and 10%-20% off as well!
Dirty sl throwing up in class. Right
So hungry
My puppy hates techno music and she watches TV. She thinks NO means PLAY. To her, human is a better toy than toys. WTF!?
Happy Birthday drinks & such when you're back! I have a diamond awards type speech prepared! :)
Just saw one black squirrel on the White House lawn.
don't get the taste slapped out ya mouth
have an Idea for fixing the oil spill in the gulf. Do you have an email I can send it to ?
Save money on home and car insurance by combining them via our Seattle insurance agents. 877-783-0034 /
Great questions. That's exactly why I asked.
thank you!!
Back on my bike trainer a week and a half after knee surgery :-)
RT : Interesting article re: Alcohol sponsorship in Ireland. U.S is a very lucrative market - Following you...
Hope you had a great first day, :) Miss you! When can we celebrate it?
I just had breakfast tacos, so I'd say breakfast lasagne is acceptable.
what an amazing voice - never suspected that was going to happen!
please tell me u will B watching Dr. Drew Wednesday. DEBARGE family! He's going 2extend help 2 them. God bless this family.
What would possess a grown man to Defecate in a public restroom while not wearing Shoes?
So is it 21 and older?
If people could read my thought bubbles like I was a comic strip, I would get beaten up often.
Launch date to be announced on soon.........Mad daily deals coming ur way
Short days and bitter cold weather set the perfect stage for long hours of undisturbed creativity.
But not Appalachia. How much did she shoot there? Do you have links?
When Crain comes back, that helps a lot. More than one might think
I did get a new pair! But didn't wear them today. @
Over 430 followers?! Wow! Thanks! Keep spreading the word about Cooper Point. I see big things ahead for these awesome guys!
: Heading to #vmworld to run the #HOL. In flight peanuts rock! <--on my first flight, too. See you there. Lab10 rocks!
Guys + Hoes = drama
no I m pretty sure they are and I saw it on Deadliest Warrior
"Something is wrong with this book. It's printed backwards."
TPI Provides Progress Updates on its GMOL Flagship Product
I can't get the Coach link to work either. A little help?
I seriously Just Lol'd hahahahhahaha
Ali Vegas is under rated
Yes! Mine just emerged from the tubes pink-cheeked, sweaty hair stuck to his head.
I will come philosophize on your test for you. You just have to be willing to take the grade I get for you.
Being sexually frustrated is a bitch.
RT Talk is cheap. Actions speak much louder : : Love is an action not a word. Don't say it, just do it.
Hahaha Jordan Kicks Going Live!!!!!
Young Money, the Mafia
Waiting 4 #sapphirenow to show #HANA #inmemory #Analytics performance that can come close to and waiting... and waiting...
Going out and letting off some steam
Hi ho hi ho off to film I go...
thanks for the link, very cool journal format.
Thx for the laugh! In that case, maybe the microphone should smell like fear...
It's the music. They play great music at the Summits; really make it a party.
Ugh.. you're darn right. if I wasn't such a distracted driver I would get so bored
Tell everyone around you about the large car accident (*wink-*wink) on the road, it cleared up only as we got to school.
'When you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams.'
registering for classes is way too stressful but I got everything I wanted.
Such a good mood. Even early morn emails were all good news.
My pleasure! Great to finally meet you guys!
love the look of the redesigned website!
Is anyone interested in me starting up Band/Artist of the Week again? Maybe Sunday? me if you want me to! :) It's been on hiatus.
So in what ways are they trying?
ha, excellent. yours looks very familiar, McFly.
I'm looking forward to Letterman's top 10 tonight!!!
Sitting in #crj104 taking notes on chapter 1! Fun times
These teachers are insane thinking I'm gonna do work in EVERY class.
We appreciate you!
When a guy is kissing my neck,
Bitchs run they mouth like a new engine when they think you wont find out
Don’t change so someone will like you. Be yourself; the right people will like and love the real you.
Thanks to all who came out last night! And a special thanks to those who stayed afterwards to do the Cupid Shuffle with us!! So much fun!
Quality of writing is a major issue. JOP editor cannot edit manuscripts.
#biketowork idea MT : Teens can ride BIG Red Bike.....get together w/friends, put your playlist together and we'll hit the town
please follow me!<3
80 towns & cities saying Yes! We make time! Join in Be your town's appointmentlink
Merry Christmas and have a Happy Holiday <3 Kellie
This #CAPS OT is killing me!!
planet krypton.
Anxiously awaiting for the CBS schedule to arrive.
Seeing Nikki Lane and Spiritualized at Emo's East with
I'm getting better at typing a gut response in social media. Rereading it then deleting. #That'sMaturity. Now to do that with work emails.
Jack white has an all chick band omg omg omg omg
HEY BOY HEY
RT :Plato's voice from 300+BC: “The penalty good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men”
I bought my ticket like last week for tn :)
That means a lot! Thanks!
#sea In a fire who would you save, a sibling or five strangers?
10 minute break while jude reads a brief
im most defiantly going to do that. Ugh I thought she was like a really big Belieber???
And at low risk/cost, obviously.
Dang dude. You haven't tweeted anything since October. Get on it bro!
Ditto! :) RT : I saw so many #spacetweeps I recognize but was working yesterday, so I couldn't stop long enough to say hi.
I know I'm talented. You don't need to say aloud, but I accept the compliment. Ha!
Or the other... #pbrme RT : Oh man! I have to find my shamrock earring! Every year I have to look for one
oh RT From LINsanity to MELOdrama.
hahaha how much was it?
I love Taylor Swift. Shes amazing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Joy Division is an interesting muzak choice for 7:45 a.m. in the restaurant at the Marriott.
I might ACTUALLY send flowers tmrw for making this the best Thurs night EVER! is amazeballs in
OMG!!!! DID REV. JACKSON JUST ASK TO TALK MORE!!!!! lollolol
LOL hey eddie are you too busy rearranging your cheap-o tshirts to approve my comment on your...
where are you going to start working at?
Watching this clippers vs thunders game
my father looked at all my tweets yesterday and said "I don't know who the bigger failure is- you, me or god."
We'll go with you :)
TY for the story tip!
Somebody go follow my sisters They follow back!!
#UNCA Good God these refs are giving this game to
The Indiana Historical Society is super awesome! Did some work there today and will be interviewing at Staples at 4pm!
I feel ya sister. This weekend kicked my butt! LPAC tomorrow for some detox?
it snowed on my 6 mile mt rainier hike. So magical. Dallas is le suck.
how scary!
I'm not so hard to accommodate just get it through or get on your way
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 Wear mid top air forces
tickets still available but hoping it will sell out.
getting bored because you like them that much. <U+2665>
yay Dragonbreath!!! Love Ursula, she's a good lady.
Good article, advice. : "Are You Ready To Win? It’s Time For CLASS." bit.ly/mlDbZ9
I feel like I'm in Chav land at Alton towers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> ...
Finally home
JUNE 16TH BABY! <3 SEE YOU THERE
Nephew is here but are we at dinner? Nope. He found a computer. Now we will never leave. sigh
cool for you haha
don't blink
im up for any of those options!
In Sisters, OR. I have never been so happy to see a gas station.
wish I had heard DB's deep mapping description! Need to see the slides.
I feel like Koei is just getting lazy sometimes. I really felt that way with DW6 definitely the worst of the franchise. However it
Walking on sunshine
PACMapper placed 2nd in #SWMadison. Live version soon, providing market intelligence to post-acute care providers across the nation!
Ik I was like yeah yor retarded
Government interference with the pricing system distorts the accuracy of vital information, increasing the mistakes of market participants.
Movie recommendation is Irene Cara in "Sparkle"
you also didn't pick Mark did you?
wow.. I'm amazed
Deck drinking on this beautiful hump day. whose with me?
#FRC needs some additional iconic supporters like William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Richard Dean Anderson, and Patrick Stewart. It'd be legit.
cris wilson is setting next to me he should get on twitter.
true. You living sis?
well i still think its gross. where do you live?
This is where we come in... Fundraising is the engine that runs any successful nonprofit.
the connection to the modem is horrible. have we send out any tech to check the signal?
<33 so I was making fun of you about ya know.. Matching everything.. Well I found a a few pictures JUST like you and Emily..
It's true what they say: music can alter moods and talk to you.
you should go for it!
plus often a social circle of dojo rats to lend encouragement, friendship and maybe even a little helpful intimidation.
Want a $50 gift card? Book your holiday party with us and get a $50 gift card to use at a later date!
haha, return the shine
in honor of our single being released in 4 days... we want to know some of your
": Babe... U remember that one night a couple months back??? #sorryimlate" love it ha!
Reading at the right moment ": No regrets and no anticipation, just this moment fresh and as is. #SpiritualSolutions”
Texting my twin about how I miss her. My first summer without her. :(
Having the Glo-Mo (short for Gloria Estaban Mojito)
no matter who wins this election, times will still be hard. how will you survive....peewaddy.com
Meeting my cousins wife(: Im jelly of her blue eyes.
Never liked Terry Gross. Story Corps is cool but uncompelling. #PlanetMoney is butter. pure, amazing butter, with awesome-sauce.
I love you, you little yogi!
Everyone is going to today #jealous. Dumb competitions.
lmao i had no idea bob marley made the cops song(bad boys)
Pretty fun! Been riding back and forth to work. May be back in for the fenders!
Nope but my boss played one on us, telling us we had Mon. off :(
Cdot spokesperson says cdot was "seriously bummed" that pacing strategy did not work on Sunday for
Just tapped, 120 Min Imperial IPA (Limit 1 $3 Schooner only, NO GROWLER FILL on 120) let's spread the love
Irene packs less punch than expected. Those who prepare well and in advance for disasters will be more confident. It's cool to BE PREPARED!
I agree. Incremental growth is not near enough today!
Welcome back!
Thanks for the tip! Can't go wrong with Rev Soup. Know any place that also serves fries?
#10FactsAboutMe 9.) im a dreamer! when i dream i dream big!
I'm going to two auditions today and then I'm really excited to see tonight <3 (:
Looking to form volunteer #Tornado Warning Assessment Group in #Madison WI. Analyze current process advice changes. Contacts?
Glad to hear it! Hope they were both exceptional.
Having a man with NO job and NO car who is over 18 years old should be a automatic NO. Get your priorities straight.
How oh HOW can he fit Grenis in there? The world may never know...
thks Jacob. Keep supporting comedy
What's with all these good lookin white girls dating black guys....
We just passed 1,000 followers. Thanks and all our other supporters.
found out who you were with the song sance(ass)
YES RT : We saw mobile marketing and stopped into #smallbizchat. We make Philadelphia area's best cheesesteaks!
Perfect night. Knicks 10 units won and Toronto 3 units Won. YEAAAAHHHH! The last few days have simply been amazing. Let's enjoy the ride.
Looking to buy, or sell, a home in Albuquerque? albuq-realestate.com
Bought Groupon for NM Magazine. Was so excited. When I went to redeem, my code didn't work. (1/6)
Thank you to all who joined the livestream! I will definitely do another one soon. I loved talking to you lovely fans! :D
10 minutes could change your life forever-it did for Cameron Foster.
Wat should I do today?
Pacers training camp starts today!
Get healthy soon bro RT I guess you guys already heard to news. Surgery went well, thanks to you all for your support, can't wai
up at 245a, in the studio by 330a, test show, repeat for thursday. but guess what? i'll never bitch about it!
I'm still laughing about that car ride
The rest of my Tuesday WILL be better.
just hours from flying home...Chicago here I come!
love the quote on your myspace about "Devote yourself to finding peace inside yourself and not in the outer world
I wonder NBCSports will pre-empt the #Rangers vs #Capitals game at 4pm if this game goes to OT for a horse race that isn't for another 2 hrs
have you guys met or Dublin mates ? Maybe they could get involved :)
Honestly this is the worst class ever.
I made it sound like Finding Nemo lol! Did you notice?
Just fell of her chair cuz a. Preview we was in lmfao. I hurted my arm -_-...
Workout by J. Cole = CATCHY Song
Work hard now to chill later
I kind of feel like Heidi secretly hates her dress.
How the hell did you not see that tripping
I was suspicious about the article claiming meals become less and less healthy over the course of the day, but now I'm eating M&Ms.
wish I could be there but I have my memories of St. Louis 11-10-08 :)
I was trying to write the word "goggle" and it took me four tries. Dang it google
*Sighs* I know how you feel, I feel the exact same way...
Watched a repeat of Good Luck Charlie... and realized how much I love and her TV family... <3
u excited, early Happy Birthday
Field trip tomorrow means I've earned the night off tonight, right? Wrong - grading, grading, grading. . . .
I do not recommend drinking several cups of coffee before a sales power hour.
DcAssault 15s + 16s win big shots tournament at capitol sports complex
when people cry about autocorrect<<< you can turn that off, you know?
“: Riding the waves, if all goes well #NOLA I'll see ya son! #Blessed!” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Friday!! Friday!! Gotta get down on Friday!! Everybody's looking foward to
Exhausted but feels good :)
Happy birthday!!
I may have integrated Facebook behavior more than I thought - I keep trying to hit a "like" button on some of the tweets I see!
no eMusic in our future. Sorry.
just wait. will RT this...lol
i cld read ur mind lol, but soon i got u
It's OK, I've recently gotten into needlepointing.
busy busy busy :) hope your day was great!
Just tapped, Hoptimum Imperial IPA (replaces Fishtale Organic Stout) $10 growler no limit, $3 pints
#Np Higher - J. Cole
Time to start the day! Got lots to do!! :O
Born To Be Somebody<U+2665>:3
I WISH I WENT TO ROYALE LAST NIGHT!!! man, can't believe I missed the best DJ from the UK...
love that answer!!
Get in my TARDIS and let's play Doctor.
it's only 7:45 pm here, so dinner sounds good, gonna have fresh veggies (tomatoes, cucumbers, edamame, carrots) and dip to start
Idk the rest. They just happen
You don't really need me to explain that, do you?
If Augusta National does not relax their membership requirements after this, then they never will.
and service is slow!
I mean I know it's gotta be frustrating playing the the hottest team in hockey but take it like a man. While we straight rape you.
Probably teens and adults you never know. I haven't found the T9-14 & T12-17 But I heard disney beat nick
did you know Nicole Scherzinger of the Pussycat Dolls was on Days of the New's 2nd album before she was famous? Shocked me.
It might be a bit too high-level -- not so much on the basics, more about doing really good presos.
I'm tryna pull a all niter...can I do it....hell naw
Joley Fisher would get it!
Another Cajun #supperclub this Saturday! Or June #supperclubs we're doing a French menu progression of Escoffier to Michel Bras.
Lol @ hookahs being sold at dollar stores.
I HATE KENNY MORE THAN I HATE CAT
Boom RT : "Free Sean Payton"? From what, his ego?
will you talk more about that tonight & explain what the next steps are?
Natalia is a fave bc her "Chess Kama Sutra" ousted #ChessBitch for *best* chessbook title. Can't wait to comment WCh w. her!
thanks to John McKnight for an abundant conversation in Pittsburgh today
sent u a text about studio space
I will not miss this LA traffic
Lovely day
Agreed! If there was a plentiful supply of Titanium Oxide2make pollution cleaning roof tiles it'd be cool. But there's not!
what pulls a new song or poem out of you curious to know !
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got an URBAN CHAT
heard a comedian do a whole routine about that! "oh look - she fell down -> bless her heart!" "oh - you failed 3rd grade again
Watched Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy today. It was good but I actually found it a bit tough to follow. Maybe I was just too tired...
Ah fuck that was almost very bad
The Chairman is being arrested on Hawaii Five-O!
Last night was by far the hardest sleep I've had in a while. Waking up from it was devastating.
Last show I was at I was the main audience target. Now I'm at the Casbah ready for more.
We just planned a larger group vacation over Google Hangout and Facebook group. I love technology.
I'm not passive-aggressive. I'm aggressive.
Keeping my fingers crossed that my luggage makes it to Atlanta! Was über late for my flight so I'm not so sure they will. Sigh.
Gotta admit, "The Dictator" looks pretty freaking funny.
#uwm Figureheads, hot dogs & refreshments relocated to UN second floor WI room!
is rocking the Iowa Google Media Hub Hangout in Iowa. Who do I know in Des Moines?
Found you fool now we are connected.Sweet!See you tomarrow ,today.Ha.
welcome to urbantag! We're excited to have you.
occasional weekend event trumps snow coverage!
#HappyNewYear to all of our Twitter friends!
If I get one more "gift" from Goodwill, I'm going to puke.
is (fine as heaven) Follow her
not yet! Hopefully tomorrow
Restaurant Refrigeration Air-conditioning Services 617-792-3350 Boston & Suburbs
Stalin Notebooks Reflective of History or Political Propaganda - notebooks for school
Imagine emotion that moves like the ocean.
tabi Bonney x Yasiin Bey Chop Chop?!? ...I like it. Can't wait for Thursday though.
Hells kitchen show just announced! July 14th w/ arpeggiator, sons, and whose ox is gored 8pm 21+ ..come hang out with us!!!!!
"Someone said to me "you're too pretty to be single" I said "no, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
Sick of cold Fall days? Grab a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee at McDs! ^Eugene, PDX area only
Vince Vaughn, why would you break up with Jennifer Aniston in "The Breakup?" Or in real life...
well I like my job, there's just not much happening
chicken alfredo.... without the chicken.
Glazed ceramic tile provide an easy-to-clean decorative medium for kitchen and bathroom floors and walls.
Before employment, all our #caregivers are background checked & certified by
You have toned down the raw sex and violence so much, I am wondering if True Blood is worth watching anymore.
aries spears is pretty good too
Ill never see the appeal of watching cars drive around and make left turns for hours.
you might be correct. I think he's making some headway
Juke is oh-so-bluesy tonight!!
not a joke...
im Eating your cereal Fruity pebbles so call me a froot loop to lol
Nice snatch, Gameltoe.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. -Kahlil Gibran
Pass the word around, we open in two weeks...only 4 shows. So get your tix soon. www.theatrecompany.biz
Every time I see a certain trailer for some dance-team movie I am reminded of the South Park episode where the kids "just got served".
or ... poor fake-snake material. :)
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
i wish things never went wrong
Make it nasty , make it nasty *twerks* .
is it me or is Stan Van Gundy a hybrid of ron jeremy and jon lovitz?
I'm not changing your opinion, I respect it. But, you do not KNOW HER.
I'm addicted to peppermint shakes. And it only took one.
Really? they were only 6 seconds from advancing
Most inspiring to see people (via the web) rise up and protest #SOPA & #PIPA - the 2 Internet censorship bills pending in US Congress.
trill life
I am playing Friday night and I am playing with Saturday night! Come by and we can drink shots!
#cody do you like rap? random :D
Only a few of em' cool
I hope everyone is having a great holiday season. Be sure to check out the Plaza lights if you live in KC.
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him... -Voodoo Macbeth- Staged Reading
Back in Florida from D.Cand virgina
The Union Gospel Mission needs blankets and socks to keep an extra 60 ppl warm tonight. Drop some off if u can help!
ah..Friday :)
LOL!!! RT: : Fingers crossed that Madonna does "Another Suitcase In Another Hall"
Hey everyone. Thanks for such an amazing year. We'll NEVER forget it. #happynewyear from all of us. See you in 2012. :D
Thank god for 5 more minutes
If you fork out almost $2,000 a year on a website, don't you think that you should be able to say whatever you want on it?
follow back so I can. Lol
She wonders if you ever stop to think, "man, I miss her.
: Not saying you're wrong about DRM, by the way. Just that there's a reason it exists, and it has nothing to do with greed.
Home from an amazing kick-ass Dungeons and Dragons session. Everything I had hoped for worked out the way I wanted to and everyone had fun!
more like trying to get a hit swinging a toothpick
Bieber time on The Voice <U+2665>
Sadly yes.
the wife and I are off to Costco...VERY exciting.
Hot ham n cheese is dank.
Going tomorrow so it doesn't run into Mother's Day weekend! Was mindful of that. Lemme know what u think after u see it.
New job starts today. Digging the new office already.
If you will give to Thor Hansen Fund the easiest way is to transfer to PokerStars nick "Fropsy". Thanks a lot!
For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve and to give his life as a ransom for many. Mark 10:45
Haters hate because I have what they want <3
Ha. No. It's #2 on my 42 favorite things I'm eating and drinking this week. 40 more to go!
Yeah, that was totally random. I'll probably be the first person in line to buy it, though :) Ahh, nostalgia.
lol I gotta come visit or get a film project there :) I miss it a lot but I love my Charlotte area
OMG this day is FINALLY OVER! :D Going out for cocktails. :)
Goodnight everyone. Look forward to next time
Thanks everyone for a great chat to end the week. And: RT : Thanks to our moderator
Hey boo, we should 301 to my hotel room. I would repoint my nameservers for you.
I'm obsessed with my work, I care about every line of code and every pixel. Please don't show me or attempt to involve me in subpar work. <U+2665>
Lent, and idk just don't need it.
I just realized that I find myself on the bad part of the Internet do often because the Internet is bad.
I Aint Drink Kool-Aid In A Minute.
Wut the Blip is 67 doing ??????
if its about Devon and megan I already know ahhaha
First it was snow and now all it does is rain now....when are we going to have sun????
I want to see an improvement of the team for next year Darcy needs to move pieces today or else
Stop trying to make people feel bad for you.
hunters here come over
doesn't look like Narv-dog got the memo
Go go go go go! that frozen mojito is waiting there, melting.....
Less than one hour until the Summer of Love comes to Nutter Center at WGI regional in Dayton! Peace, love, and Pride!
twitter > any class work
Now is time to push accelerator, plow through genetic disorders for which the genetic basis is not yet known - Dr. Green,
yeah i wanna noe what its about?
That awkward moment lol RT damn my grades aren't as good as i thought -___-
Nice Joey...
Way to rock that front row, Colleen!
Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own.~Elain Maxwell
we r going after school
That awkward moment when you realize you’re walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending u forgot something.
Chilling! Hum wat do I wana do?
seriously! Thank god its over.. Time for meh-he-co <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Like #Health & #Fitness? Visit Operation Fitness this SAT May 12! Get a #FREE #MASSAGES from
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward - Sabrina Renee
OMG LOOK! my middle finger loves you! :)
Darn you, bite sized peanut butter cups!
Annual helicopter dropped eggs in my neighborhood! ;-) HAPPY EASTER!!!!
Text VEVO to 67463 to RSVP for the show =)
Really not looking forward to school <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
hahaha that's amazing and, I'd imagine, horrifyingly uncomfortable.
If you wanna look like THE biggest douche bag in the MLB right now, be my guest.
shows that it is ok to ask for help! Thanks for the inspirational story!
cheers man - killer brand you've got there!
Just rocked a 108 point word on Words with Friends #egghead lol.. where u at??? Lol..
RT - Idk who is worse the jacksonville jaguars or the Boston red sox! Haha. Go yankees!
good afternoon austin! :D how are you? :D it's friday you know what that means?!(; USTREAM!!
Yay, you're there! I'm stuck in a meeting all day so couldn't get there. Go !
By Jocelyn Vena Sure, Rihanna is currently getting her action star on in “Battleship,” which opens May 18 stateside, but
Check out Talk Timbers tonight at 6pm on 750AM The Game. says this installment will be a tremendous show!
It's crazy how your day can go from completely amazing to extremely suckish in just an hour... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
You may want to ask him. He loves to tell me NO. Sometimes, I don't even ask a question &I get -NO.
so glad things are back to normal
i re-need them kobes omg lol
<3 ah we're finally done with school life is good! <3
Ha ha... i'm gonna get him!! ;-) RT : Weather folks picking on #facepalm. Not nice y'all.
I like the new Brooklyn Nets logo
About to watch Breaking Dawn with my brothers. Their idea, haha.
Today is #Art Thursday!! Look out for news about art and the arts throughout the day.
Good morning tweeps!! Have a productive day full of positivity!
• I see a fair amount of minor leaguers with protected accounts, they almost always grant my 'follow' request, so why not?
Help the #homeless! Just don't feed the animals. RT : looking for couches to sleep on...
little bit windy up here witch is helping dry everything out. Have a good day
Were tasting our way through 3 hot restaurants in RB in 1 night!
Teach him to do his own laundry when he turns 11
Fell asleep during "30 Rock". Pretty much sums up the week I've had. Exhausting.
Said it before, will say it again (inevitably): Blue Ribbon Panel. It's time.
Yesterday is gone tomorrow is not promised realize what you have today cause It might be taken away in the blink of an eye
Lastnights band practice was 10x better than fridays. Got a new song done. three more in the works. coudlnt ask for more
Yeah! RT : How many seasons is "Community" coming back for? May we suggest six of them plus a movie?
Started my morning in the lake. A bit choppy but all in all a good swim. My blueseventy suit wetsuit - top notch.
5 more hours damn.. I'm so sleepy
we will! but first we need the supplies!
Here we go!
Miss You Too :(
How to address cover letters is one of the more anxiety-producing things for me. Thanks for the insight!
I'm pretty sure that's grammatically incorrect. RT: Critz: "I've learned how to talk to a TV much better than I did before."
Current status: eschewing carbohydrates.
that's what I said <U+263A>
Need it, Want it, Gotta have……A Shower :)
apparently its peach licker
Where have you been all my life
I'm told 1 more week of this boring process, and then over. God hospitals are so down. Ha ha .... Love to my followers
Quote of the Day: Attitude is the librarian of our past, the speaker of our present & the prophet of our future.....John Maxwell
you dont know what that means?
A Thousand Years<3
Wish you would make an effort to talk to me :(
im back in action!
Looking for a PR person with 5-8 yrs experience looking 2 network and the poss. of part-time work in Seattle? Email .
got it, can't wait!
“: LOLLAPALOOZA 2012 HEADLINERS: METALLICA - BEYONCE - RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS - THE KILLERS - BECK - SONIC YOUTH" Ew.
I'm so happy for who starts a new job next week. An exciting new chapter for us.
I do it, i do it, and can't nobody stop me, Young CEO, mean that can't nobody top me. Lol, I does this.
Contador and Sammy Sanchez ride away from everyone tomorrow? An evil plan...
im just tryna give you light, they just tryna leave you blind.
my 8000tweet here you go Nicolas:)I'm glad I'm meeting Korina&I love ya!Sorry for not catching you when you fell :) hehe
How will you be celebrating the great holiday of Milwaukee Day this Saturday, 4/14, Dan?
Libra Life
You're more than welcome. We're always stronger working together. Muah!
Had 2 follow This is one of the funniest pages on facebook. I wanted 2 see u in my TL too!!!!!
I bailed to work on class stuff. :/
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
Yea it's hot. The Saints are playing and you folks like 2 things. Da Saints and cold cheap beer. So get your ass in here by kick off.
In-and-out becoming more of in and wait 25 minutes for order lately
I will marry a man with tattoos. #SoSexxxxy :)
"A friend is a gift you give yourself."
next Sunday.. u think ur gonna be able to make it???
just found the site and loving it. looking for #autism info
MT : Thank you #OnRamp for an amazing event! Great group of startups!
Thank You! :D
Have a fun weekend!
thanks buddy! Wish you could have made the show, but we'll be back soon... i'm sure of it
The guy who made the "Kony" video got arrested for public masturbation. First he exposes the plight of the children,now he exposes himself.
So love watching Larry Bird getting one more shot for a ring, even if it's as an exec
I hate when people ask why. I don't owe you no excuse..
Life is not always rosy, but there are always roses.
oh no! I would offer to help if I was around. Sorry :(
happy new year everyone!!
Directing Jena... Is she gonna b good? Of course she will...
- who REALLY cares ? Who in their right mind ?
So tired. I thought sleeping was important...if it was school wouldn't start till noon or something. Gonna be a #greatday. Maybe.
graveyard double feature tonite at 4AM. ANIMAL HOUSE + AUSTIN POWERS. movies & mai tais. only at Frankie's Tiki Room.
Oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Clooney just went back into the ship. Sorry for live tweeting this inane experience, guys. Just hafta get it out!
Getting ready for an exciting weeks end at the Capital Jazz festival in Baltimore, MD!
Today from 3-5 Ann Benoit will be at the Healing Center signing copies of the new Broussard's Restaurant and Courtyard Cookbook.
Watching the season finale of two and a half men.
Kid again so sorry for Easter. Am an Atheist but ur now God of my bullpen. I talk to tomorrow about CP spot
only the new ones are;p still, you'd hate or break whatever new phone you got;)
#SNL performance with was amazing
I agree but I think a majority of std's come from being nasty... And a majority of aids come from these undercover gay men
you and me both.
Thank you ;) What's your NY Resolution??
I'm heated Louisville lost but it's OK cuz my state is still in it
Don't worry, I ate the 4 lone Special Dark miniatures left in your dish
Remember, Memphis' own Irish Pub The Brass Door invites #FAI12 artists to come play any time during the conference! 152 Madison, after 10pm!
Hey, just seeing this. Congratulations! Hope you're celebrating like crazy.
hell yeah it would
i didnt understand californias dependence on mexican labor til I moved here and every apt i lived ins shower head is level w/ my shoulders.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. <U+2665> 9
Heck yes, Android came out with Temple Run. ;D
you're a retard.
I those dreams
All that happiness. You just threw all that away because of some anon message...wow.
Exciting news coming around College Basketball! Stay Tuned.
First wedding of the year today! Watch tomorrow for an exclusive 24 hour bridal show wedding package sale!!
Quote of day on trolley. Woman on phone 'doctor said you can t get it by sitting next to me'
I still can't believe you follow me
's new diggs are impressive. Nice upgrade from the basement :D
Social Metrics 101: separate social strategy? We say no. Social should be part of overall org strategy. Social=tactical
lmfaoo got the dvd
awesome having u on the show please follow Me you were my favorite PR designer of the season! Yay! :)”
Now seriously Wake, what's it going to take to get you out into the bullpen today with Beckett starting...
Highly recommend Rainy Day Books near Kansas City. Great independent bookstore with friendly, helpful staff.
It's our pleasure. There's no better work than helping kids realize their dreams!
RT : Happy National Chocolate Chip Day! Whip up a batch of chocolate chip cookies today!
Let me know if you wanna go CMJ. If you know a writer, I'll try to get you two in. There are lots of writers in NY ;)
Good Morning!
I'm better off alone.
Wow, here comes another Teabow miracle...
I will perform that song! Thanks!
Bet the practice field all wet & extra muddy now
Just learned that the longest, continuously serving mosque in the US is in Davenport IA dating from early 1800s.
cant wait till may im getting ready to shoot my first music video aaaaaaugh im so excited :D !!!!!!!
Back in ATL. Running reports all day tomorrow.
Aye follow the homie !!! Work my leg movement! !!!!!
hahah okay:) am I gonna get the fahmilicious face tomorrow!
Watching amazing helicopter footage on BBC News 24 of fires started by rioters in Croydon.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAPI !! I hope your day was fantgastic and I hope everything went good. Iloveyou and tell mama I sed iloveher too!
It's not right, but it's okay. I'm gonna make it anyway.
My dogs are soo happy that is it cooler outside so they can go walking again.
Well fine then be that way:|
AfroAmerican Doctor who graduated in Cuba and has been practicing for 6 years in Cuba. Wow.
Good Morning! :)
I hate when people say "your guys-es".
thanks Kevin carter and the guys at ramp for the baseball tix! Awesome!
USC Marching Band is killing it to start off the Festival! Let the games begin! Also, confession: glad they're not playing ALL day.
Gov 's unwillingness to extend Strickland's ban on exotic animals rivals his other dumbest decision:
My daughter dances balet foklorico!! Recital tomorrow!!
There's a fat man in a kilt getting on the train at Montrose. It's never the lookers who wear kilts in public (save for wooster)
Oh wow.. thanks so much for the generous shout out! We really appreciate it :) Happy Wednesday!
Wasn't Enron on that list?
ends up being $.60 per espresso. good deal. worth it. so good. just get one already. sheesh, i thought I WAS indecisive!!!
#TebowGotTradedFor a commemorative Obama t-shirt and a gift card to Best Buy.
Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
i see you sittin next to me. ;)
I don't like teachers telling me what to do but if I ask for help then do so other than that STFU.
but i'm probably your favorite ass : D haha
they text and email while they drive! This is crazy far!!
That moment when someone says they need to talk to me& it's important & will change my life,
Veggie slices ftw.
If this faggot doesn't gtf away from me I will stab him in the neck
#Punkd is one of my favorites!!
Go Team Fatty!
I just hope that at the end of it all, you'll still believe what I tell you
I'm a huge fan of yours since Goong! Hope you'll be able to read this.
me and raque will be there tonight working on our group project
I want some #Camicakes. Im turning into a big girl, with these late night cravings NOT
“: Listening to #DeathCabforCutie, getting ready to go mild tonight at the ” Hope you're having fun!
BOILLIN POT IS ALREADY ON TWITTER.
One of the royal wedding cake will be made of chocolate biscuits, which resembles the US "twinkie cake".
but you will at least be happy for them and for LA?
Picking up kids so we can make piano lessons. Waiting for the snow to start falling.
With my main squeeze tonight
Wow! Congrats I knew you were destined to do great things in the world! You're off the a great start.
“: The awkward moment when someone ugly says "I need my beauty sleep.", when in fact they need to hibernate.” HaHa
a day in Disneyland. So amazed by the customer experience provided by TECHNOLOGY!!
RT : o what do she have on?
should follow Girl changed into a Belieber because of Turn To You. She can't stop playing it. :)
Come visit me Friday at Silverado. <U+263A>
Why do people wait to make decisions and send me tons of e-mails when I'm not in the office? Scared to be gone 3.5 days starting Friday!
u r
Seems like there is a lot of outrage that Kelsey Grammer won the GG. I agree Cranston deserved it, but Kelsey was amazing in Boss!
"Talk sense to a #fool and he calls you foolish." - Euripedes
Kudos on highest GPA award and highest New Member GPA at the Order of Omega Banquet!
<U+2640>Hurting people hurt people<U+2640>
Tyler! I think you should follow me. please?? that would make my life. just saying.
I love
he was playing for a crap team remember
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. ~ Nido Qubein
Taking the bus from DTLA to class in west Hollywood what an adventure!
No one wishes they were the #RedSox. No one.
Tonight, we gettin crunk!!! Huge show with Show starts at 10PM! see yall here
"The harder you work, the harder it is for you to surrender."- Vince Lombardi, speaking about persistence.
haha... sad thing is, mine is probably just as big! Can we say over-involved? lol jk
Happy birthday :)
please come back...one more year, we love you
Look, I know it's hard to hear, but we will not be including the same link with different wording in 3 different spots on the page. Stop it.
Editing photos listening to my son play System of a Down-Chop Suey on the drums...not right!
Thanks for the RTs. They are really helping!
awesome!!! Good luck, I'm sure you will do great!
I am creating a new background for my Twitter profile...should be up before 8 p.m. PST...just in time for "Chuck" [nerds unite!]
I pray Mother Khadijah is doing well and will recuperate quickly. Allah bless you and family, love you ALL!
new Glee episode on later eeep! thank god for dvr
Getting Ready For Dance rehearsals!(:
I thought my U Conn loving friend might be upset. Tomorrow, with the men's championship, we become comrades again. Go Irish.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on NY shoes
That's good to hear! Thanks for sharing!
#WeWontWork If You Talking Shot Behind My Back
! Its two of my favorite movies! I can't wait to see William Powells eyebrow...
Watched the outsiders with & It was one of the best movies ever! Stay gold Ponyboy! :)
Just chat one of them I hate raping twitter feeds -_-
he is doing them but not for everyone, he said just some people & the show should be cast by the weekend.
of course! pls use it 2 tell ur story!
Great Show Last Night With Flatfoot 56!!! Thanks to all of you that came out and had a great time!!
I wish you had had a more public and open discussion with Portlanders about the Beavers, and I wish you had done before now.
We have been focusing on a physical collection, however that is not what our communities want. Can we preserve & grow?
I grew my beard out for Kesha and all I got was this rash
Great to see that canines get some much needed TLC
Aw thx! #blushingalittle Good morning and you BETTER have a wonderful day too! Later...
hope all is well, follow back, lets chat DM us
Apparently my 84 year old grandma is dating an 86 year old guy she's dubbed a womanizer.
Squirrels keep chasing birds away from our squirrel-proof feeder. Is there a larger message hidden here?
Scary isn't it? “: #Celtics up 22. Feels like 42. But let's not forget this team is fully capable of blowing this lead.”
Whoa! put the gun down...slowly. That's like believng n god & swicthng to the devil. Why so extreme? At least try atheisim 1st.
is just like every other man .... Sad
1 hour drive and flight is delayed!
yes they do! That's why I love walking my kids to school.
Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL
If I don't get tickets for this tour I'm going to die. I just might spontaneously combust, Ohmygod I don't even want to think about it...
Bobby Brown - Every Little Hit (Megamix) HQ: via
My mind is like society's garbage bin, everybody that goes by stuffs something in my head.
#Verlander is trending worldwide :D
Push ur care, push ur burdens aside. Erase everything inside and leave just one thing on your mind.-suicide silence<3
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. ~ Confucius
#welovegreyson because his hair<3 I absolutely LOVE Greyson's hair!! <33 it's amazing<3 I bet is fluffy [:
LOL RT : If I had $100 billion to spend, I'd either buy (A) comic books; or (B) Finland.
Busy days full of driving sometimes it's nice to kick back and
Yup. Put that up there with old-timey ringing phone ring tones.
I dunno-he hired an interior designer who owned an antique store. If u want 2 eat brkfst off a barn door, he's your guy.
I wish I was a little bit taller
#I think I'm pretty hilarious. & a nice looking beard doesn't hurt.
Is that a good movie?
Well I carry a bag, but sometimes I take a backpack. But yeah.
gathering new energies...
NU Tennis player Samantha Murray wins at in #Midland MI to make it into main draw
We're pumped too! Unfortunately your partner can't make it so we have sent out emails to try and fill his space!
For shame! I once dressed as David Byrne for Halloween back in junior high. Everyone thought I was a Blues Brother.
Being shallow is so imature & Ive grown so much. I dont care about the physical more than someones personality
my baby girl helped me twist my hair. 3hrs now time for me to rest
What should I cook to see the new trick?
Client Brian Bartes, author of Life Lessons, featured in IBPA electronic newsletter just released. Go Brian!
Honeslty, i just want this week to end :(
watching bridesmaids at work..did i really watch this with my mother?!
it's on my reading list. how about Ready Player One by Earnest Cline or Makers by ?
Do it, do it, do it!
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious. -Albert Schweitzer
Does anyone understand how HUGE it would be if the Pacers beat the Heat in the series? Possible Finals team out of the East
My horoscope: Your mood is upbeat; your activities are offbeat. You march to a different drummer playing at a pretty snappy tempo.
The eye of a master will do more work than both his hands. – Benjamin Franklin
RT : hm, maybe we can turn this into a party, who's up for a PNUTS & Beer Lunch - I'm buyin!!
We wish you the best and we hope you'll reach the goal/number you wish! Let us know how you did on the MCAT! We miss you all :)
I'm jealous NYC. Wish it was snowing here. Stupid rain.
Girl, get your tweeting on! Are you following me? :)
My main problem with #BBC America is that 90% of what's on are cooking shows where one person yells at another about how bad the food is.
lmao but i was smackin out their in davis for that little party day shit!
Voice =gone.
Thank you for the follow!
Hold the letter on which you want the accent on - a popup menu will appear allowing you to choose the accent.
i'd be scared to feed that crap to my cats, which are fed a high protien diet, makes me wish I could make a crunchy food 4 them
haha OMG. REALLY?
We'll all float on alright.
Feeling like garbage this morning
you watching that on abc?
Great career and internship advice from today. There're so many opportunities to take advantage of!
You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend. ~ Edgar A. Guest
I started out so motivated and productive today. What happened? Oh ... Friday.
Woo! RT : Soiree Captains meeting tomorrow 4 o'clock ! its getting close! #dallassoiree count down.its #crunchtime 13days
he's not on the show anymore.
As I followed live brain surgery this morning from #mhbrain, reminded that tomorrow is #BrainTumorThursday & importance of spreading word
just a few days left... the 26th draws near!
It may just be better to love someone you can’t have than have someone you can’t love...*
can i get a retweet for my birthday?!
''Desserts are like mistresses. They are bad for you. So if you are having one, you might as well have two.'' - Alain Ducasse
I am liking the temps for this week #Pittsburgh. Even with all the supposed storms.
glad you are feelin the album, got a favorite track?
I just hate working on Saturday
Girl stop playin. Keep telling me no
Hey All! Our online responses are supposed to be 300 words each yes?
Six months, which is doable. Neither job is a perfect fit, but both are tempting. Must ponder this further.
No actually, thnx to a change in SD Co ordinances :) its growing quickly : Isn't that number a bit high? Every month?
If you want the grant, you must complete the app. Done!
anxiously awaiting 9pm can't come soon enough <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Site is back up!
Great to see your update re: plans for arts coverage. Will send you info on new interactive art experiences.
Get jealous, When comes to the ROC, they're bringing your faves,
being mad at #Geraldo is like being mad at the guy who seems reasonable in the klan
maybe he's just coming home that way?
omg thank you so much :) this is my first fanfic that people are reading so i am trying to make it good. :)
Austin's gonna be a little bit. The calendar will say 2012.
Once tried to change my cat's sleep schedule by keeping her awake all day. Didn't work but I was amused. Wear protective gear
BRIEFLY: April 21
Great show last night! Let's do it again. Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight, 9pm. Jason Cooper on drums/vocals.
so my day was horrible how was urs?(:
while you are celebrating I'll be reading War and Peace and in between reciting Bible verses. #
Seconding that. RT : There are many things I do not miss about the #mnleg. But I do miss Johnnie bread day!
Life moves pretty...you know the rest ;-)
keep hitting the gym hard bud. No one but you can limit your willingness to work hard.
Mero in the shop this weekend ' cant wait until tommorrw
I advise everyone to NEVER listen to the song Rock and Roll McDonalds...
My pleasure!
"Multipliers aren't geniuses, they create geniuses"
Whatever. El Corazon in Seattle tonight. Fuck you. Do it.
I am somehow now the owner of a pneumatic staple gun. Somewhere a government agency has failed.
i do believe God is love and forgives, but theres one sin that God doesnt forgive, blasphemy.
time for the annual CISSP renewal decision
Cal "Understand, following up on what we just did is not for everybody."
Clinging to a 2-1 lead, this is where Tortorella's system, which the #NYR have played all year, should pay off. NYR blocking shots, good D
Enjoys being the one to rain on the parade
So true. RT": NYC is always paradoxically beautiful after you've stepped away from it."
Pls let me know how Dark Shadows is. I heard they turned it into a comedy.
I bet Darron Thomas wishes he could change his mind and return to Eugene for his senior season.
Thanks for the follow Shari!
Sad to hear of the passing of Hal Goble, one of the founding board members of Belay and .
if you're there in about an hour I can!
mwahahah I did my research
get gonzo in the game!!
Last touched by Kobe. Refs, don't f*ck this up.
But Anita where's your new music? We need you :)
PS do you still need 1 more ST or are you set for now?
would love to read it! Thoughts on legal issues surrounding it? Illegal or creative? Agree lg event like world cup are targets
Let's go Av's!!
Yes they do!
Legendary Dobbs 1st annual Metal Fest!! TONIGHT feat ANVIL BITCH + 6 more bands, 5pm. $10. Plus jello wrestling at 10pm!! 304 south st! \m/
Flonase? iPhone? iPad? iPod? Kindle1? Kindle2? Device chargers? Money to buy me a gift from Oklahoma?
In case you havent noticed, christmas is coming...how about a mocha lounge gift certificate for that coffee lover in your life????
Man, I haven't been on here in a MINUTE! :p
"I'm saying that... I hope you'll be happy because you will always be the love of my life." Tom to Lynnette
Ben Curtis, Jason Dufner and get my nod for one of the most underrated groups to follow at
alright guys here it is finally MW3 tip of the day: wen trying to get kills with machine pistols use akimbo for dual fire next tip tomorrow
"And you get a technical. And you get a technical. And you get a technical.." RT : These refs got a little carried away
#RGIII for heisman...no other player is as important to their teams than he is
When you get a chance I would love to have a word with you I will DM you my contact info
You're you going to know its real when I stop giving a fuck !
The was the weirdest phone I've ever had O.o
Looking for a few vendor partners for EHR. Please call 913-859-0177
Hey twerps! This Wednesday July 27th we play at El Cid (4212 Sunset Blvd). Show starts at 8pm, we go on at 11pm. Oh yeah, and it's free!
lol you still have your humor. that's a good thing Drew.i know you have alot of requests but can you follow me
i sure hope so!
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
Beautiful snow.
Dont let fear stop you from experiencing all forma of life
Finn goes out of his way to cause problems.
RT Especially when I drop the beat and do my acapellas!
Feel weird being only 1 on my phone in session, but I love conference twitter chatter!
I didn't see my salad today../:
why does something weird always happen the night before the grammys
LOL yes it does RT : but it must be smelling bad
i feel bad for Justin and Selena she even deleted her Instagram! Cause all the hate she gets:/
I'd hit it lol
“: Because NY needs religion?” Nope NY just needs Jesus.
I'm back and yes dope is my new word
we love acting, dancing, modeling and drawing but we especially love o simply o webshow
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
setting up EPK stuff soon
lol oh girl he knows the peacock song! and excuse me ! you know she makes you dance ;)
#TEDxABQ is amazing!
Wow. I hate all of you.
super nice feeling! thanks for to be next to my career!
It's tough trying to properly #rant on #Twitter with only 140 characters.
Thanks for the #FF!
"A new study finds that people who eat chocolate several times a week are actually leaner than people who don't eat chocolate regularly."
*Stop in for October specials....students receive 15% off packages with a valid I.D! :)
Those people affected by the tragic earthquake and tsunami in #japan are in our thoughts.
I am well rested and having my first cup of coffee in a few days. I feel amazing.
Rosanne just did a strip tease
If there are trucks serving in East County, we'd include them!
as a fellow Grace I sympathize! It's even worse overseas...
You Are Perfect! <3
If ya have alt suggestions for mobile site cont. management, I am done wasting time with these guys... Need to start over elsewhere. Thanks!
Mike Judge is the unfunniest of the"comedy" guys. Nothing he's done is funny. Seinfeld also makes my unfunny list. That's right! I said it!!
Rocking and fucking rolling.
Please respond! RT We're working to save Portland Triple A baseball, any fans out there? We want to hear from you!
LOL... what? I dont get it... I mean I understand the doorknob part but whats the rest?
dylan you dont know me
Boys are soo confusing and complicated!
vinny, nick, madison, justin, mikey, julian,jason, sarah, tracey delara, and bailey follow me zsbwkwjkdejojwodj <3
Movie Time ! Been Lazy All Day >=O !
RT : Tell me I'm a screwed up mess. That I never listen. Tell me you don't want my kiss. That you need your distance
I am not a whore I have a life and your retarded for loving Selena fucking ugly Gomez
“: "Trees have nests for birds & squirrels," Henry notes. "Yeah," adds Finn, "and cupboards have nests of dishes."”
I laid out chicken an hour ago..I forgot I was going to cook!
Half my time in jersey bars is spent figuring out why these people have a problem with me. The other half is spent trying to find the women.
All my life lessons I've learned from Mr. Feeney
- Yeah, I would have done Puyol.
I'm going to Italy in November!
If it makes you happy...go for it. Don't let everybody else hold you back. It's YOUR life. Do what YOU want to do with it.
I KEEP IT SO G
My world to believe
bomb site!
Researching "how to use a crack pipe" for a #book. If the feds ever confiscate my computer please tell them it was legit #research!
Mya Hatchette of Winderweedle Haines WArd & Woodman, PA Orlando, knew my case is for real property Olmstead rights, she is Autism bullying
#sports, #statistics,
Are you guys ready for our new tracks?
Whatya call some1 who constantly lies. Makes up achievements he had no part in? Robert Ressler needs to seriously assess him.
Only if you bought last week and any time before that though, according to the little birdie.
Definition of "EX" = Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
I approve of Valencia going down to A (not that that matters), but Plouffe to play 3rd? I was not consulted on this.
sounds great! we'll be in touch after we choose a date
Let's get musical! The #syncmission begins tomorrow bringing together British music executive from across the world.
I'd rather fancy you know that
Want to see Grammys tonight. Can't remember EVER saying that before.
Never Back Down 2 is on netflix, but the first Never Back Down isn't.
You stole my twitter introduction
Curt Will
Yes but too many variables (technique, indication, prp concentration, #&freq of tx, etc) to make valid conclusions as of yet.
God...now I feel stupid.
Okay, I got it. I got my dress, guys!
Last time I saw There Will Be Blood was on 12 January 2008. I have records of these things
I ended up going 16/16 yesterday! not so well today tho
Happy (M)other($) Day
Money hunt.. Get down with me let get this money.. If you're an artist looking for a song writer get at me..
Join us for TGIF Happy Hour tomorrow!
WHERE ARE ALL UR COVERS?!!!!
Facetime work meeting, got to love Apple. Puts me right into the Boardroom, as if I'm there!
"We are as gods, and we might as well get good at it." ~ Stewart Brand, The Whole Earth Catalog.
oh and you smell like roses!
Surprisingly, no. He was way too impressed by a college degree. And I was sober. RT so they got it still???
God morning.
We are Marquette!
so mad you went to Dance of the Decades haha.
Kim kardasians marriage was shorter then the line of trick or treatets
I love the #brewatthezoo facts that have been tweeting for the past month. Follow them for boozey factoids.
Who's up for a snowball fight in the morning?
U want blessings? remain assiduous in faith and comprehend that patience is a virtue follow me and I will def follow u rite back :)
Paula Patton looking stunning tonight while her hubby was down the street from my house getting arrested! Just make weed legal already!
Server overload! Awesome!!! We got a bigger server! Keep going!
Thx for the note back. I'll be in the Okanagan in Sept. What are the "must" places to eat while there? Thx in advance for the tip
What it look like
2nd thought: Have I become jaded/cold? What can I say, it turned into a philosophical #SundayFunday! ;-)
Love the football season!
Now we need the guide for working *with* one!
Fun was had. Next time? Gotta make sure Nick gets his walks.
Who do I go to with my concerns regarding USGA?
The object of war is not to die for your country, but to make the other bastard die for his. General George S. Patton
My phone's decided not to let me receive texts anymore. Since it's time for a new one, I'm just going to get it now instead of next month.
OMG! Lesley Visser looks like Jerry Jones!
Thanks for spreading the word. Everyone likes free music, right?
Would you like to save time and money when you buy your next home, guaranteed? 1-800-731-7041 ext. 0018
Thanks for the RT, !
Why are you stealing third?!
I just remembered I got to be there 2nd period. Where the hell is my dad at .-.
I want to take the time to love your body ;)
Current fashions set the pace....lose your step fall out of grace....
Sydney was my favorite speaker....her no nonsense analysis of the keys to a successful transition was refreshing.
Looks good, although as long as isn't a closet identity thief you should be fine.
there always seems to be at least one guy at the gym wearing jeans!
come then! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What if I just didn't finish college...
M! RT : nothing better than monicals frozen pizza/French dressing. Have them weekly on the...
Enjoy the 2 for 1 salon services, relaxers, updo's, quick weaves and more. Call 901-794-0553 for more information. LIMITED TIME ONLY!!!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves
Random+Confused=FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahahahahahmuahahaahahahahahah !!!!!!!!!!
im good hun how are you
ARGH!! WTF??? I meet someone genuinely nice, who I really like and then he thinks I'm a pushover & can just walk all over me...
"i'm going to slap you so hard omg" isn't something you say to someone you love! D;
#24Hours until #Boyfriend comes out... I'm loosing my mind!!
call me
I'd like mornings better, it they started later.
Follow me and I'll follow you
Only if you meet us there :)
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 14
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
wow - incredible shot with the T-38 lined up too
not the voice......American Idol
What time does the competition start?
thank you!!
whadda voice you'll add Lem. I can imagine the spirit - the intensity you will bring to the message. POE is rising to listen.
switch. Or dual flush. Either way prefer on front, not top.
You really ought to. Peter Graves, Martin Landau, Leonard Nimoy, Sam, although Sam was in the later seasons.
Local Underground Tent Party continues. Free wine tasting & glass purchases available.
That it is! How are you doing, Doug?
going to 1d merch shop tomorow on chapel street :)
its cold! wrap up in luxurious, one of a kind alpaca knitwear, stay warm and look cool! #fairtrade. www.shopmayu.com
If you stop looking and just accept what is then you really will know God.
I'm OK, still creating, just don't kno what's wrong yet. The result: I have a "new disease". It's name is Neutropenia. Thanks Tim.
tell him how you feel <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
1) We're not 15 year old girls. 2) Healthy respect for one another.
The religion in this country is putrified like a pork burger in the colon of Barnie Frank; A METAPHOR OF COURSE, PRETTY GOOD ONE 2.
I don't lie, sir. You're the lie.
HAH, awesome. Our words have been MARKED. We stand by them and appreciate the literal interpretation. Thank you.
- thanks for the RT. Have a great weekend!
Hey now! Don't be too hard on yourself!
I sent you a dm
Thanks for the #FF shout-out! , ,
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan Than You Just A Hater
That looks beautiful
Don't be so serious -_- #Laugh a little
ready to kill a hoe, I sense the spring crazies in the air delayed a few months :D
justin bieber?
ThMorUKno:”The Hebrew BIBLE is product of scribal culture of its time; its status as DIVINE REVELATION is CONSTRUCT of scribes as well.”
mi amigo y sus amigos son lo mas! FF on a Tuesday everyone pls add
Well getting ready for my banquet excited
1st Order to Microsoft just left!
it will probably be August at this point. Our iPhone app wont be ready for another 6 weeks so it has delayed our launch a bit
My sister better give me a neice!! jus sayin.
Raining like a muthafcka :(
"If you fall, I'll be there for you." - Floor
I hope I wake up by the time I get to work.
lol as I add it to my amazon cart of 6 other books.... did you listen to this bookworm show? she's so amazing.
tweet me please ???
need and r&b singer hit me up let me know
RT : #ENT RT : i may be ugly, but atleast i ain't got no money
just received #superbowl update from host committee... only 66 days out!! time is flying... is ready though!
Come hang with me at BOMA 4-6 today- fun, sun register to win a scooter! Oh let's have a drink too!
Cubs get out of the inning with the lead which I'll definitely take.
Happy Monday!!!!! Let's have an awesome week!!!!
#Quincy get out and vote for !!!! #Koch needs to go!
Im finna dumb out
I received a selfpromo spam blast email from an "accomplished leader of global digital influence" If u guy who I'll give you a shiny quarter
Protect ya neckk
hey do you know number 4 on the comm exam?!
Come check me out this Tuesday at the Haven Lounge Orlando
Is on location..
Thanks man Could you leave a comment with a link in the gameday thread and I'll get it squared away in a minute with
First off you are so freaking cute. Second is tonight really the season finale of P?! An Third well you really are adorable.
Writing article on Denise Milani for Very sweet and kind woman.
Tired,and don't feel good...
Woke up this morning with cotton mouth from too much beer and Prince stuck in my head. Good night last night
lol I love my glasses, they're purple with swirls... I love contacts too but my glasses make me look smarter :)
I'm taking the exam on monday. 2 weeks to study when working full time. Hope i do ok. When is your test date?
OMG for how long?!
You mean, oh JOY!
Tea on Tuesday rocked. Thank you to the beautiful folks who joined me! Everybody else: content-packed videos from tonight are coming soon.
#firstjob I wore a giant oven mit in front of Arby's. People loved me, I was pretty much a local celebrity.
if i cry will you come visit me?!
No problem babez. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
That moment when you realize your friend cool w. Somebody that dont like you . # Tragic "/
Would be very interested in seeing Teich apply this to DH discourse. Or are there too many disciplines involved for it to work?
Thanks Karen! I just drink a lot of coffee. Haha!
I just saw the Boyz on the shake it up....MY TEARS. omg. They are growing up so fast. I can’t.
Long time no see! *waves* Hope you're having a great week so far! :)
Ha, that's a crazy goal man, hope to see you on the cover of one day. What business(es) are you working on? And yeah hmu!
You make a ninja wanna fuck
I love seeing humble talented artist
Got it. Are you guys running together? I didn't have on my list until now.
I love your tweets ! How are you ? :) follow? :)xx
Haha I just love how you referred to them as bitches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Lol shit. I saw you on some news story. That's wild. I figured they paid child actors a lot. Welp, shit. GL!
you don't have a phone do you
When you listen to a song and it reminds you of someone from your past. smh the power of music
Bookkeeping hell? You've taken a wrong turn! Gotta get on track to bookkeeping bliss. Let me know if I can help :-)
Glad to hear! Enjoy your day!
Going to Washington DC today...sucks i had to get up at 4:25
RT : I sense a revolution in the making.
Hi ! Will you be coming to San Diego for Wine & Roses this June? We'd love to see & others
Big city living means having to run and avoid traffic. Portland should not emulate Bridgeport Village.
who do u hang with
True, gov info systems don't "need to suck." Problem is, only those who can afford to wade through the RFP process can compete.
Thank you everybody for another great weekend! More good times coming your way this week!
but do you have mini pretzel dogs?
I recommend Downton Abbey.
Of course! Great articles!
will do!
Talking about housing subsidies outside my office in the Wilson Bldg.
enjoy it!
"I like your tattoos" translates directly to "I want your dick in my mouth" in girlspeak
Avoid using cliches if you want to keep your readers' attention.
Probably not, but reductionist theories have their uses
Heading to Taj Mahal tomorrow, but if the Cal beats Duke, I am going to be so sad I missed it!
Did I actually just scream because the #PepsiCommercial finally loaded? Wtf?
Why are bathtubs in Europe higher off the floor than the US?
Just now took a look. They are great and I definitely love them. Thanks for sharing!
The heart was made to be broken.
Glad you're here, Hope you're having a good time! Share a pic :)
The official all-inclusive app for the #herewepurple deals plus many more local businesses! It's FREE on ur smartphone! www.Qponomics.com
Sounds like a road trip The Coast With The Most: : The Ultimate Itinerary for a Road Trip from Seattle to Vancouver
Saw you on #BodyofProof yesterday. Great job!! Congrats!
Forever my home RT :
Headshots went well!! Can't wait til the finish product
Big ideas don't fit well in small minds!
Just keep it fun. Use plenty of visuals. Give them advice about taking photos and keeping a journal while on vacation.
i kno im in love weneva i think about her she make me smile
Mobb Deep is underrated, IMO. Infamous is top 10 all-time, Hell on Earth is great. And they had a few good songs on every album.
Thanks for the tip re - following him now!
are the Cougs gonna get a shout out on Sportscenter when we beat the Huskies today?
Chorizo for Sunday breakfast!
Blown Away is her new one, I love it! So Small, Just A Dream are more of my faves. They're beautiful :)
So, when does it get better?
Thanks! RT : #FF: , , for their incredible work tackling some of the world's toughtest issues.
We shut down ports, banks, govt buildings, bridges, streets, parks, etc... They still don't get the message. #escalate?
Brave Heart Surgeon
Good morning
bout to smoke like always
What would such a calculation illustrate?
Great day for some tennis with
Nice! French, US or other?
tickets are not in listing right now. I guess it will soon be onsale.. Will keep you updated..
and O'Tompkins
I'll take care of you ok
Better yet, write them down as GOALS! Then take Action T.N.T.
Yates needs to channel his inner Alex Smith..
It appears Tannehill is more qualified to catch passes, rather than throw them right now. Browns need playmakers, not a QB at 4.
was not! but it was funny.. but awkward, you said it right in front of him..
Putting the final touches on our weekend events and excited to meet the Semi-Finalists in person!
My cousin is amazing she took me to see the Jonas Brothers and Demi lovato live last September! She also took to their RD game that morning!
It's Canadian Thanksgiving!!
Aethan saw the same paint-face guy in the bathroom today. You both had the same idea about posting a pic.
Dont you hate.that awkward moment when.your phone falls on your face:P
If you're digging right now you should also check out Breathe Owl Breathe. Good stuff!
Just got home from church! :) What's up?
I'd care I'd Yhu did that!!! But yet I do t even have a phone!!!! Lots Of love and Support<3 x
Getting ready to learn mind mapping from a new membeship site called Learn One Thing A Day.
Liz? Please bring back that lovely picture of yourself.
u r to
If you have a signature on your phone <<<<<<<<< kill yourself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
#peopleimthankfulfor all my followers, friends and family <3 u guys
robynbemment My drinks cart consists of the pub next door :) it's been one of those weeks
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Johnson & Johnson Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
it's hot as fuck in my room
Label which one?
Last nite of the kids school TCAP test reviews + last of the tests 2moro morning = 3 happy kids 2moro afternoon. So proud of their work!!
Utterly unmotivated..
Dude ! That was awesome when shouted u out a while back! Miss ya lady! How's ?? Cheers and get to chi soon!
Hartnell left all alone on a breakaway, wrists it past Nabby's glove and it's 3-0
Tall boys of tecate & lasers! Sams town never ceases to amaze.
Followed by riot coverage on the sister station RT : Listen to the #Lakers throughout the playoffs locally on
Oh my gawd Finn proposed to Rachel #epic :)
I wanna be on a jump rope team!!!
I thought it was the 20th? Haha =p
I'd bet he could ref one tomorrow. You don't get that job without knowing the rules. I would say, however
I love you <3
*sits pretty cus idk how to be anything else*
thanks man! Ever been to Bremen in Riverwest? That's where we did a shot.
Oh, hey.
Jacob: "M. E. O. W." (spelling word) = his response to me telling him to stop meowing like Gary from Sponge Bob
good morning baby
good luck! I went 1D hunting when they were here in Jan. how many people are there? :)
NJ, NY & PA in 38 hrs, the 9/11 services seen, were beyond impacting. SPCA visit to give donations & help get 6 animals homes! :)
time to correct that then!
Hopefully I dont see nobody walking across tha screen
Therapy dogs today, 2-3:30pm, at Clapp &Music
I'd suggest Leonard Nimoy do an episode of "In Search Of" about #Brewers offense. But it's probably too old a reference.
is that the best they could come up with... the man looks like he's got something stuck so far up his butt.. it would take three or four su
am i the only one who doesnt mind doing notes in Blackwelders?.-.
lets go get this title baby!!!!
Billy V: April 26, 2012 (HawaiiNewsNow) - Billy fills us in on the latest entertainment news including what 's created a rift in Kanye We
I know, right? Picking up the phone that connects me to IKEA. Worst drawing to be ever!
This is the best feeling in the world. He makes me feel like anything is possible. Sounds kinda cliche but its the truth. <U+2665>
yay(: I'm excited to start, I've been wanting to do both since forever!
no dating ill-confident nit wit meatheads tht want a trophy on their arm & only care for u if ur there to constantly stroke their ego.
I'm dodo hungry :(
Married MEN: How did you "know" when you found the WOMAN YOU WANTED TO MARRY?
Great group at IBPO conference at the space needle today - thank you for allowing me to speak to your group - glad to see so much interest
If you are in Downtown San Jose Ca. on Fridays for lunch. We will be at the San Pedro square market this summer starting in May!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! G
Another fun day for MAVC's youth rec league. A big thanks to our coaches and the Cosby & JRHS student helpers!
Volunteers make such a difference at ACS!
Let's start with the end
hahaha I might as well! This place is an igloo!!! Lol
Check out:Carol Daughter 's Black Vanilla Moisturizing Leave-in Conditioner
only the ones in the restroom.
Loved the commercial. Oh I mean chocolate milk commercial.
Interested in a write up on ? Send me a DM!
I absolutely agree...learned that the hard way!
What a fucking night!
What happened to the Framboise on tap ...I was dreaming of a Bloody Hoe:(
Walk away just walk away
Pumped up for my interveiw
I love that line
rock on dogg
#processmapping session is up next
The #HISD board has just heard several impassioned statements from the public on Rodriguez' flyer.
have a happy and safe weekend everyone
Heading to at Hollywood Women's Center
Had a blast with :) I never wont it to end ily bby
Playing Along: Digital Games, YouTube, and Virtual Performance by Kiri MIller F'10 now available from
Dreaming of the ocean.
Wait?! Is that the sun? Speak of the devil... I was just complaining about your absence!
I hate book promotion. even when I do it.
If you want good quotes full of swag go follow and
-- except that's kind of like a constitutional convention: I fear the result could be even worse than the current.
Anyone have a good experience trying to recover a corrupted mov. file?
finally getting my nails re-done tonight...they were starting to get yucky!
little harsh.... We were over capacity tonight just couldn't let anybody in until the place cleared out a little.
On my way to liberty bell, there have been no less than four musical acts performing on streets.
Just curious. plethora of first novels reviewed in July issue; is it that we like the novelty or is that what's on offer?
What you do about it depends on how you look at it, so choose your perspectives carefully.
: Absolutely. Yes. Nerding out over some serious Bowie atm!
Let's sessssh? ;) I think yes
ok. Good night.
Tragically, still governor of WI at age 44.
Who brings their guitar to the Pond in Central Park at 11pm to belt off-key renditions of Elanor Rigby and songs about bowels?
im still writing
#Romance tip of the week: Create your own desert island - by unplugging, unwinding, & finding each other again.
#Writers... No matter how many "Nos" you receive, remember, it's part of 'game.' The 'Key': persistence with your prose. #Winning - oxox
Seems like Acura took a step backwards with the AWD on the 2013 RDX, what were they thinking when they got rid of SH-AWD
We are excited to read your review on the Keemun!
That is so thoughtful. Enjoy every moment.
Ready to end this day. Felt like I was working on three things at once the whole day I was here. On the hunt for some pizza.
Teacher: "I'm calling your parents!" Age 10: Omg no! Please! Age 13: Whatever.. Age 15+: Tell them I said Hey!”
Sounds like a pretty sweet adventure. March Madness is the heavy favorite, but don't sleep on The Grey Cup. Total Cinderella.
Let the bullshit slide right off and just live free
Fellas big booty women like they ass rubbed!!!
yo, this is Q, I meet ya n guitar center a few weeks back, trying to seen if we can link up in the studio ASAP. Hit me
lol it wasn't my balloon literally. I bought it for my mommy.
I swear your like hank FM and 95.5 WFMS
2 daywriting session with a platininum writer hope to emerge with a future smash!!! follow my new company offical Venice crew twit
So do all Pens fans talk to each other before a game? What if everyone accidentally showed up wearing black?
Tonight at ! presents: Sleep Sun, White Hills, and Twin Brother! 9pm 21+ $10
Come on celtic will be the offical
Congrats on beautifully written story on Lin. One of the better things out there so far.
Time to stop wishing and go get it
Feeling lonely today
The Freedom Riders knew their risks on buses yet continued without haste--can't say I could to the same in their place.
Yeap, I do get those thoughts believe it or not I just don't necessarily say them because I realize what an idiot I look like
Hoping my boy does work today against Mexico. Sorry cant make it!
hello missy! You're about to open up the show tonight miss Rock Star!:)
Rest In Peace Mr Fam, you will be missed #foreverinourhearts <3
Off to Boston and My third uber city!
we're open for the next few hours for last minute wines and spirit purchases for the Purim Holiday ...
It's funny how grumpy the majority of people that I have come across seem that work at web hosting companies.
no prob!! and i saw some of the imagines u did!! love em!!
I thought I heard some dramatic entrance music!
Lmao I had to put that
girl over here in deep thoughts... Wyd
But congrats to "future first person to file a retraining order against me" Tyson Chandler LOL
So thankful for the people who say, "I'll be praying for u" and actually pray for me.
yeah, my house - but our supply is limited to half a pint of tequila right now (and some white wine)
did you get So Long downloaded or do you need us to send you a link for a free download?
I love me some - if you ain't following them, u suck!
yup real wierd. Well take your momma
he deserves about six cards. Shambolic refereeing.
“: Is it illegal in california to ride a bicycle without a helmet?” I'm pretty sure it is for minors.Adults not required to do so
I want more pictures from Austin Mahone without braces!! <U+2665>
If i drown tonight bring me bak to life.breath ur breathe in me, the only thing that i still believe in is you.if you only knew.
check out to help continue your good work!
Positive positive positive we can handle this no big deal
If anything the good folks of Boston must be glad I've not gone back. Still too terrified and feel betrayed. A good life lesson.
haha omg, I used to like them.. Past tense
I just am
Interesting Fact: #1 Search term on my blog is the blog's name. #2 Search term is "Naked Bimbos"
You could see TWELFTH NIGHT on the actual 12th night of May on Saturday. Or heck, go crazy, see it on the afternoon of the 13th!
SydneyMorningHerald - my thought RT : Understanding Im getting older when I had to actually google "smh" to find out what it means
ALL BRADOCK BITCHES IS DIRTY AND BUSTED #804 HOES
#spiderupdate Ive abolished that batch of nasties, but I think they have more in hiding...
getting so much better on writing. its really coming together im pretty excited :)
Looks like a hoarder moved into my place....HOLY I need to clean!
my pops got my shit, ill hit u up when he get home
Going on Spring Break?? Don't shave...wax!
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect
If you are looking for headshots/commercial phtoography, check out
yuck i know -_- school should be outlawed lol
Resigned with #DonBuchwald for three years! Love them!
Do you remember what he did to Cleveland? I will always hate him.
Looking for New Breaks to play soon ..... Not so into anything im finding i want Breaks actual f*ing Breaks
when someone gets mad at you for doing something but they do the exact same thing...
ok i will ima eat some cereal. lets use lots of emoticons
Hi Mark, how are you doing? Hope your having a great week so far. Your awesome!!
S/o to our new follower The models of Divine Adonia thanks you for your support
How to Use a Business Blog For Informational Marketing: Many business owners have heard that a business blog is an
The universe works in mysterious ways...shift focus and everything falls into place!
do you guys not fuck with curren$y... man is playing a major roll in hiphop right now
Michael Westen or Fiona. I would be more than ecstatic with either.
RT : Headed to Walmart? Purchase Good 4 Texas paper towels & portion of proceeds will go to to help end child hunger in N. Texas!
HA! we must recognize that. Petowners are parents too! :)
Uh-huh. So good! So glad was able to hang out the extra night to see them too :)
"Year of Digital University" = "Year of Open Content"?
We got 2 Fresno!!
“: Woot to the money!!!” that's what I'm talkin about!!
no prep is better, get ya education n shit. college is pretty much paid for
Ugh, the perils of a sparkly life. RT : So many fun nail polishes out there. So little time.
Excited to check out tonight! First, a bit of dinner
COLTON :( i love you. you are going to go so far. god has a plan for you and it's going to be an amazing one! <3
Same Mistakes by One Direction is my life.
There are two others in BESIDES him. Why does everyone ignore that? RT great time for to bow out with dignity
Listen people, I'm tired, don't feel like working, and slightly on edge.... Needless to say, I AIN'T FOR NO SHIGITTY
you were dope as hell***
In this economy, many employers are looking for work ethic, passion and energy... new grads do fit in!
I would love to have coffee. Give me a call! 230-0480.
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
finally caught up on the the results of the #TheVoice congrats to the best team
Congrats to the UK softball team with their defeat of Georgia tonight. Hopefully the Bat Cats can get the same result.
In S.F. Promoting "SNO" Clothing.
#cosign. RT : #Endorsed"
Damn you, Brian, and your easy access to delicious vegetarian treats on your way to work!
European shares see strong gains in early trading as German #economy returns to growth.
is looking 2 add some Testimonials 2 our website. Please post 2 our FB wall or tweet 4 an chance 2 be on our site.
Have fun at prom CG!
You'll like music of my last tweet...;)
that's the art. One year D. One year O. The QB brings the quality at O in Year D. Depth built at D. Science.
My Boo Trying To Protect Me <3
saw them some time ago with my oldest son. Good times. #Enjoy!
Hit me like a ton of bricks that it was pitch black out during drive home at 730 tonight. Curses, fall, for sneaking up on me like that!
thanks tall grass. That's a great suggestion very much appreciated.
BOUT TO HEAD TO ANOTHER CLUB!!! SHIT DON'T STOP IN VEGAS!!! CLUB OPEN AT 3AM ABD CLOSE AT 12PM
But now when we're face to face you won't look me in the eye. No time, no friendship, no love
I'm all out of breath. My walls are closing in. Days go by. Give me a sign..
YES. although I think the phrase you're looking for is "activist dickface."
My book is running out of batteries.
But, soft! what duck through yonder window breaks?
it was a blast man...sweet sweet hanging with too
#Cxo Q5: Eliminate departmental/functional data systems. If you have a central, customer-centric data structure, the rest is easy.
Learned tonight that one of my managers likes to call me the "fucking stupid bitch" in semi-private (meaning away from me but before others)
Good morning San Diego!!
Bought a sweet ass tie today. Stafford to be exact
I can't wait to go visit Summer this weekend with !!!
*Urgent* UI Programmer - South of england to work on an exciting new Games title, for more info contact .uk
Devin the Dude in Cleveland on WTR: via
Thanks for enjoying Querry!
I hate it when idiotic publishers create imaginary, unnecessary fiefdoms in electronic distribution systems.
FIND A COMPUTER
Congrats, !! So exciting :)
When is it?
Here's another great fill in the blank. Social Media is _____.
It was post-modern ska.
Seems they're doing some sort of renovations to the stairs to Newcomb Basement. Lame. Use the elevator or back stairway for the time being.
Soca+ running = endurance project
What was that? An exhibition? You need emotional content...
the only reason I don't unfollow you is so I can call you an idiot every once in a while. Idiot.
Happy Opening Day!!
"This is a story of Boy Meets Girl. But I should tell you right now... This is not a love story." ~(500) Days of Summer. love this movie <3
Oh. I think I'll go get my walker...and take a dose of metamucil...then join the 4:30 crowd at Frisch's...
I wish a girl would cook me breakfast... I can't get that
I have on too many clothes... the less the better.
Awe I'll miss you too! I would have come to Avon to say bye, but there's really not a whole lot of people to say bye to.
I try! Seriously love how close we've gotten this semester!!
too soon!
It's amazing how having a election opponent can cause a legislator to "have a change of heart" on a issue isn't it?
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help!!?
while ur there,pick me up some items-I'll give you the list;-)
good luck tonight my dude you know imma be watching!! #Nuggets!!
For my Linkedin friends please post your page links as comments to this post
everyone turn their tubes to abc channel 6 ()! my big brudder is the news producer!
Getting a lot of RT's and Fav's from that one tweet...Harry Styles better see it.
yeahh I'm online now ;) x
don't forget to tune in tonight @ 9pm EST/PT as Nick News with Linda Ellerbee presents "Foster Care: A Reality Check"
Chiddy's beats >>>
: No worries, it's never too late to talk! Just let me know when's a good time to call.
I could have bought 12 Tardis items on Etsy for the amount of money I just put down on my daughter's birthday party. She better be worth it.
Gurl called me mean sorry I want someone to die cuz they killed someone
what they don't want to or can't take the time to d.
For the record, I'm glad I'm not the only one of my friends to see the hunger games twice this weekend. cc
Im going cum get me “ Ard we out RT : “ I should've just took that trip to IUP! Smh....” we up there lol”
God already said you can... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Your heart tells you who you were born to be... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Continued next tweet
I think Friedman saw that NBC's "Outsourced" was canceled and just got confused.
she's got my mcdreamy. And my mcdog. She's got my mclife.
I wanna be forever young
Sick or not sick, my favorite game.
Fail 1st time coz of wrong case. Fail 2nd time bc I start to doubt my answers & try smthng else. Fail 3rd bc I'm freaking out
First time in years,he DSL is down @ home, time to start
Hooray #ABQ! It's the weekend! What's on your agenda for this weekend?
I can feel the filling in my tooth!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
jawan brim big as a bitch lol
you're not a stillers fan too are you?? "Here we go...." so creative.
Lobos down by two. What's up with the free throws?
i'm sorry. i hope you wake up and have an AMAZING day.
Esprit Park owners enjoy 2 lushly landscaped private courtyards w/seating + large patios, decks or terraces on over 80% of the residences.
“ “ sex wit me a wonderful feelin At least at the end of the day u no im spittin some real shit!
follow before she commits!25
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly. ~Publius Terentius Afer
"It's is Niall from One Direction please don't scream." Well that wouldn't be a problem considering I'd be busy convulsing on the floor.
school sucks!
follow my good friend. Be sure and look at my newest designs for his new song. - kevin
I think my filter is broken. I put my foot in my mouth way more than I like!
Blue Men Group was electrifying n exciting, creative n funny, and of course BLUE.
Filling out my application to be on 's e-board for next year!
RT : Never fails to amaze me just how much money the raises for charity each and every week. They do a fantastic job.
I hate how I like you so much. And the fact that you're moving away? Ugh.
thank you for the kind words. Use #ETC11 on your conference tweets :-)
Agree. Still like Chicano. But by birth soy Mexicano. I also like to list Travieso on forms
no. Ask my friends. I can quote most of the film!
F-L-Y-E-R -S sorry thats the Eagles song you know what I mean RT : Go Flyers!
ong, these boys (;
now tweet stuff about yo life noone wants to go on a profile and only see mentions!!
#OomfNeedsTo come give me a kiss!
Good morning from #Afghanistan. Listening to Das Efx. Is "Looseys" the best song about diarrhea ever? I think so.
I seriously need a new wardrobe!
Been gone for a min, but I'm back like I never left
cuz reforming health care was not for black people? Or saving auto was just for whites? Silliness
You should FOLLOW ME because im filipina and i love you(: and i dont live in the philippines. Yeah those are my reasons(x
Peggy, you don't announce that you're shacking up to your Mom like you got that ring!
Yes, I have your cape!
More & more people responding negatively to the "hype", increasing complacency 'cos it can't be as bad as TWC says it will be.
It ain't cheating if he's only eating right?
#WhyDoIAlways stay up late cuz i regret it in the morning..
haha good luck!
I dnt ever want to speak to ever again!!!!!
you tell me - I don't know where to begin
Whenever pit sweat goes through my shirt, an angel loses it's wings and plummets to earth
At Chicago AHA Digging Into Data session, Tim Hitchcock on Massive Old Bailey Proceedings, very impressive new historical findings
let's call them mid-life opportunities instead.
thank you, thank you! hope to see you tonight! :)
naw brother all these tissues I'm crushing and this medicine say I'm #undertheweather <-- better Christian answer lol!
The support from my family and friends means so much to me :)
Braves win. What a game
Sometimes I never fail to be amazed..
I woke up this morning to 100 unread texts... all from the same person
Sweet! Just had the boys from NASCAR stop by the booth.
Looking forward to leading #InDesign training with my friends Plus lunch from Lost Dog Cafe! Sweet.
Finally - a little cell reception - it's been a couple days without!
new year same goals!!!!
question: does Voss keep evaluating his flip condition past 2 flips?
My son made his confirmation today, followed by trail run and a smoked chicken dinner with my in laws. 2003 DiStefano Syrah was outstanding.
Probably guilty but that's still funny!: The only thing Amanda Knox is guilty of is being a stone cold fox.
See the updates for Squinchpix on Facebook.
well its about a girl trying to figure out who killed justin bieber
Get GLAM (galleries, libraries, archives, museums).
but [it's] the tough-nosed stuff that guys have to go through in order to grit and grind the game out." -K Mart
Enjoying the #lmamkt webinar thanks for the helpful hints!
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your genes.
Yeah that just happened. Chatted with Mario Lopez!!
Why are u laughing? -_-
RT : Grantee Spotlight: TN Department of Health provides breast screening and treatment with the BeST for TN Women......
truth terrible defense and scoop and kris disappearing in the spotlight
Disrespect blacc Jesus
Girl drop it like the NASDAQ
I'd pay off my school loans!
Now I think I'll have me a coffee.. With 6 sugars
#Cloud #BI Crystal Reports alumni. Fixing dinosaur BI & eliminate a lot of pro serv required. Old BI 20% adoption rate.
Movie recommendation is Joshua Jackson in "Urban Legends"
Screw Rush Hour 2nite 5-7 $4 apps, half priced premium well drinks, draft beer and select wines. Start the weekend off Rockin'
What is it with me???? Seriously?!
the cereal companies make it very tempting and they bombard kids w/ ads. Is not cool.
pierce the veil!!?
women are attracted to bad boys because they have traits they lack, and think those traits will be valuable for survival.
At least that seems the case with the multimedia group work we've published in TheJUMP.
lol so true, so true. I must see u this week.
nnaaah, no one cares. it would've started before. it's nbd~
where are we going tonight ? NANDOS OF COURSE ! Yeah it's me . Acting like someone .
k poof where have you been hiding let's chillax this summer
its so hard to #staystrong but I see a bunch if other people do it, now ik I can <3333 Thank You!
Ending the night watching Vincent Price in Fall Of The House Of Usher.
LS 1426 is on the highway headed to Houston for the model competition. Marco is driving...lol see you in the morning. On the rd again
Join us for wine, cocktails, pastas & desserts ! We have great wine flights & social hour 5-7p w/ $5 glasses! 2556 15th St | 80211
Im waiting for RE : Code Veronica X on Xbox Live to go on sale first. Its the only RE game I haven't played in a long time.
Not sure if I mentioned it before but we are now a Hunter Douglas authorized dealer!
Don't buy anything!
in Chicago? We need to hang sometime. I'm going on tour through Milwaukee/Chicago at the end of the month.
I find it difficult to dress for this warm winter weather.
still gearing up for east coast trip this week: Mar 22-24, DC; 25-28, Charlottesville. maybe i can congratulate in person?
Greg! Yeah, I'd love some help. Want to visit some embassies with me and do some marketing? Other #GeorgetownCCT people welcomed!
thank baby moses. me and code are... not friends. at all. And davis sq was great, minus the snow and humidity! ;)
Rise and shine!
but we need you to be more than #justacomic #ows please
Canes would sure be nice right about now
Going to bed at 10:30 it is now 9:53. I am now logging off of my laptop now tho', had a GREAT day today remembering 437 &1,003
secrets secrets are no fun, secrets secrets hurt someone
post pics of either daily specials or maps of locations! Highlight a truck w/ recipe each day. Such potential!
New wine list begins this weekend!
your fish tacos are the best!
Faith is not just believing... It's boldly trusting God without reservation.
Hope you've been doing well these last few very busy months. Happy New Year!
O he say she ain't got no nipplllleeesss
My nickname in high school was "Disco." They said it with derision. Donna made me proud of it.
Having Thai to go ! Best food on Fremont East! #getdowntownlv!
Total Recall: Chimp Movies In what's becoming an adorable annual Earth Day tradition, Disney will release the latest installment in its s
#PrayforSamuel awe hope he getss better!!!!
Thank you students for such a moving presentation today. An experience I will never forget.
Appreciate the RT!
Amen. RT : .: we can choose to inspire, play, listen, innovate, discover--or we can protect, litigate, and die.
i dont like cm punk i vote daniel bryan
Almost a little more awesome
made me want some cake. Soo i got some cake!
which one?
It would be nice if the #RedSox would care about winning as much as their fans care about them.
Good Morning. :o Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Shoulda looked up the word b4 that last tweet. Fudge
officially just followed back all my followers! #teamfollowback!
just realized I don't like you follow me! and i thought we were friends LOL!
and if she ever gets a nose job, I will feel personally betrayed. Madonna kept her gap, just sayin'.
the spirit of sade will glide me on my way
We're of the same persuasion. RT "Theatre without beer is just a museum." We feel the same way, Mr. Brecht.
dude, you're still lol omg. So confused.
Have you travelled to Dubai or AbuDabi with your service animal recently? What was your experience?Was access granted to all public places?
Been miserable off and on for a while. Just give it two more months, wait it out
Limmen in Clearwater! Too cold for watersports!
When people try and take my stuff.<<<<
Hey you two
well, now you know! ;-) Always good to "meat" a scrapple lover! Now, go eat some scrapple!
Endless amounts of love and respect for , her art, and her mom.
Andrew Quarless has an obvious broken leg, James Starks was carted off the field... But #12-0 feels amazing right now, bring on the Raiders.
It's always the ones you least expect. He must've learned that from Billy G, who was known for mingling with students
I would never let you go <3
My knees are aching :/
Seriously. Slap the shit out of me. Who am I lol
Congratulations and well-deserved. :D
Tag your it.
shit as long as you ain't in my presence
pretty good! We could always add a "Señora" or something to class it up. What are her other traits?
"does DUI mean driving under the influence?" "oh my gosh I had no idea!" #forreal??
He's hot!
David Simon: I just don't want to be embarrassed by the people I write about if I get their story wrong.
not to be confused with the " 'Pro / Life' / Ick" tote bag.
The best of all governments is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Finally the time this league is exciting. I move for a 54 game season every year. 66 was a lil too much. Go C's Go Lakers. Classic shit
I haven't been on in FOREVER. hay guys. <3
will you be today for #WellnessWednesdays? It sure is a hot day and your pops would be a perfect treat!
how did the presentation go? (Women in building ?)
Best day ever... ;) I normally think "tomorrow will be better" but I don´t think It could be possible ;)
I am a complex man, filled with complex things. Like a central nervous system.
Tickets for what!!!
I hate when people text me first then put no effort into the conversation. Why did you text me then? ._.
Sone people need to mind their own fucking business.
and in St Louis in October: Friday, October 2nd at Lemmons 5800 Gravois
aww thank you :))
yes... we are fine. the deer managed to hit another car as well... so we kind of mowed right over it, only $1700 in damage. ha!
I just wanna tell you that I've always loved you.
Shaft gets pretty sensitive today if you remind him that he's one bad mother. I blame it on his penis.
Your pictures are amazing! RT : What a haute event!
Has to do it for his country first ... RT : Rudi Voller: Messi is now in the same league as Pele and Maradona - RT if agree!!!
yep! For sure.
I think Eventbrite does RT : Nice!! Could even prompt for a tweet @ checkout >> RT : ...
It's a long way away, but feel free to swing by!
#WFUD12 More leeway with facts. I'm going to take a shot the first time someone says "hot news."
i like how i can go from trance to hip hop, from rock to jazz, from MUSIC to MUSIC. <3
I got the nicest card in the mail today.
BTW, you should totally use your thought on BB as subtext for someone's view on relationship/marriage.
I freaking LOVE Cabana!!
You are wonderful, You Realize That only with a smile make me happy? But... I love you anyway...<3
Stay positive, peace and love errybody!
Many remember Seau as kind, giving, funny man
Rates are one factor impacting the real estate market but consumer confidence and home values remain the albatross.
And now...to numb my mind with research into Obamacare. Step it up, Ben.
Great presentation for educators at MSET 2011 by ! Rapt audience, hungry for an SI Commons! "He's everywhere you want to be..."
The sun was short-lived. It's black and raining out there again. With thunder this time.
I give. I don't get it. Everything that could possibly go wrong...has.
could you please follow me.
After seeing Don fix sink on , I made deal w/my plumber 2 assist him. O yeah, going 2b peeling shirt & diving under sinks in no time
When things backfire on you Hahaha #suckstobeyou <U+263A>
Why is a midnight flight from vegas to ATL packed! I better not have a full row
Just made Saturdays poster and liked it on the first try! Hopefully we can keep it like that. =D
Up bright and early to get a head start on yard work! Supposed to be a beautiful weekend here in the NW
I'm trying to think of a practical application for this superpower(?) much like Edward Scissorhands cut shrubs. Smart man.
Headed to #CLA2012 Are you on your way as well?
Does anyone know what I mean when I say that I like "Tusk" more than "Rumours?" Anyone agree? Yeah, I'm three decades late to this party.
yes it's the best ahaha :)
Our partner, Menominee Tribal Enterprises, supplied maple for the #NCAA Final 4 court! Check out their story on CBS Sports April 1, 9pm EST.
i hate telemarketers
Had a great weekend brainstorming for the sitcom pilot I wrote!
The MKE Common Council has made a terrible mistake banning food trucks from Cathedral Square
okayy! Well we might just come by & surprise you sometime :)
You probably shouldn't do squats & lunges the night before you go skiing.
Good morning, cardio time!
<U+2640>When You Think That You Can Not Go Any Further, Look Behind You To See How Far You've Come<U+2640>
thank you! It's one of my favorites
S/O and happy 64th Charter Day to the Ice Cold Brothers of the Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.!! 06!
im now on
Sometimes ya shit just ain't good enough.
Some family fun, grading, working on "Rebel Bulldog", waiting on NYU, and maybe a speaking gig. Such is a professorial spring break.
What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. <U+2764>
Significant assets and resources are to protect oil and people are paying the ultimate price
>>> #Turf skateboards & hoops okay... and is a Genuine friend I know #Alonzo personally. #TeamTurf #FriscoStandUp !
Worlds worst headache.
Terrible. I got to go to the crazy bin for a bit,my hold on life wasn't/isn't strong. As they say, it's not you, it's me!
Gettin ready to head off to the game tonight #Purps~N~Gold
So happy the new Fields record features lots of synths again.
@ P.J. Morton is the most!
perfect, thats about the time i get out too :)
thank for following me ts michelle austin
might not can wait. DM a contact, please
Which famous comedian did Cary Hoffman discover?
thanks for the follow Josh!
Did Hana die or not? im confused. hope she didnt <3
So the whole office is going in on the lottery. Hoping comes through for us! cc
I have to make a 5min presentation on the archival promo video I did....for a competition I highly doubt I'll win. They hate me.
My mind was born in the gutter.
our website has a player www.sheridanroad.net
Happy wanted wednesday!!
I hate my job.
Miss being with all my friends at #sandbox - thanks to all for the tweets, and for the forthcoming video!
TODAY.. Is #NationalCrushDay ..... Soo You're On My Mind!^.-
hoped you liked Briley and the reason b/h it. My friend is due any sec now too... waiting is a killer! best of luck to u both!
Please support Diversepopgroup and all the Indie artist on WROM Radio! it's awesome!
is your phone working
Oh-oh. My coat is stuck in the dirty laundry!
it was rough. at least what i can recall of it.
Relax. What about you?
So nice to meet today! Some might say I'm (ed) with them. Yay puns!
Music makes the world go round!
you caved to the reunion!?!?!? LOL :)
You cant let people negative energy destroy your morning.....IM HAPPY TODAY!!!! I HAVE A LOT THAT NEEDS TO BE ACCOMPLISHED!!
A True Friend is Willing to Sacrifice, A True Friend is loyal defense before others, A True Friend Encourages, A True Friend Perseveres
Do you know someone who SNORES? Hieber’s compounds a spray that can help – call us 412-681-6400
how you been? hope all is well. x:) cheers
happy 16th birthday! have fun :) follow me back?
Sexy Dr.Susan Block talking about sex & anything kinky on my show Wednesday May 4th 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Hope everything is going well.
cool hey if u are ever in arizona let me know
via - New iPad Tastes About The Same, Nation's Toddlers Report
nuthin'! He found it on the ground, said he couldn't keep it, I should have it. Then we made out. All true except the making out.
tryna make it so me n my peeps can eat
Happy Mothers Day Melissa! Hope you have an amazing day with your family & I hope Tye does something really nice for u! :))
I know...sorry...I have sent a corrected tweet. I meant 2 say That Is so wrong. Apologizes :-)
My PhD SO is on the job market in the humanities right now so I'm thinking about these things a lot! Glad to find your org
I do not reply to DMs or fb messages that consist of: smiley faces, <3's, or anything saying you wanna get to know me.
You mean to tell me everything gon be fine If I call your hotline and pay 29.99 shit. Well damn, why aint you say so
I miss you too Alex! A bunch.
Thanks for the shout out about #Heroes with a Heart!
get excited :) here forgot to say... Wanna play Antrim 6s? Me you lyds Nessa etc?
Alcohol responsible for nearly 4 percent deaths worldwide, more than AIDS, violence, tuberculosis, World Health Organization WHO
I remember Luke having hoes gettin naked and poppin that pussy
maybe you could wear a hockey mask to deflect them :) not to mention how badass you would look.
NO! 22?! I thought he just went to prom!? Huh? Wow, I'm getting old.
8p Sheba Piano Lounge TONIGHT jazz vocalist Shelley MacKay, drummer Roberta Drake, singer-pianist Tom Shaw & the finest Ethiopian food in SF
If someone said 3 years from now you'd be long gone, I'd stand up and punch them out...
it's playing on the Y100 radio station website
Hey how did the bronx zoo animals get to McDonalds? lmfaooo so funny
Merry Christmas everyone!
missin you too! we needa hang soon :)
Thanks for letting be a part of your Mother's Day!
Bacon taco cupcake
I love relaxing Sundays with Yankees baseball on my TV! So happy baseball season is back! :)
So wish I was there!
#ObamaBedtimeStories - We Ain't Got Jack or a Beanstalk
I never ship people with Harry.
yay, i so happy for you doll(:
At least you got us. RT : Gonna be a long May Day, if the first four hours are any indication! A very busy, protesty day.
I'm trying not to pitch a tent
The Faculty is trending. Love that flick. Been awhile since I've seen it.
Rearranging my iGoogle homepage. I love iGoogle!
First and last Nats game of the season!
I love that movie ! So good
After two days of going w/o, finally got a new phone. Loosing all your contacts is pretty devastating though.
Why am I still up..... It's hard to put greatness to rest
God morning! My kingdom for 4 more hours sleep! No can do. Time to hit it. Have a fantastic day, everyone!
Thinking about buying a new computer, I do allot of multi-tasking.
RT "when you say nothing, you are saying something" - classic line in crisis comm.
will you be stopping by with the check today?
lol you already know!
good morning
I would totally buy a similar owl travel mug if only they made them in grown-up sizes ;)
ah Portlandia is streaming on netflix omgomg
I can't! I'm sorry! It'll be almost 1am here by the time you do it!
Enjoy deals at clubs with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I ask because I don't know. :]
Burning your own couch... Dumb but whatever. Destroying someone else's car... Idiotic. Taze em, pepper spray em, and take em to jail.
heads up stalkers my next stop is a bar
No one xo
it's true!
Something tells me is creeping (;
Don't take a good woman for granted. Someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't. <U+2665>
The last time that a quarterback was not selected in the 1st round of the NFL Draft was 1996.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2> vs <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091> Linsanity vs king James Tonight
Your chance to grab $99 ALL-INCLUSIVE tickets or to save $10 on VIP/Velvet Rope is almost gone, get 'em now w/ promo code "BigNightRocks".
No regrets in life, everything thats ever happened made me who i am.
No I miss u...u couldve spent the night with me and khi ;(
valid point bert
Just touchdown in NC will be back in Cols tommorrow morning... round 1 of the business meeting went great
That sucks!
I look forward to following you.
Have a blast for all of us!
First was Drupal, then WordPress, and now Joomla... For my own sake, I hope this web host is trilingual.
PAUL WILLIAMS STILL ALIVE reveals our human capacity for creativity & self-betterment, shows the manipulating hand of a documentarian.
I wanna go. He so cute!!! RT : i need to get back to atl check on my lil brother
They should make a website about the things Asian parents say. Just showed Dad that I got 2 A's and a B and all he said was, "you did fine"
semi annoyed my rained out #Phillies game got postponed til Sept 20 at 1pm... umm I have something called a job i have to go to every tues..
We now have a new Pinterest Board, titled WTF. It's a board of awesomeness.
Yoga class starts today! I need it in so many ways!
I know, right? It immediately put me in a transe of manatee goodness.
I won't stop tweeting until I reach limit. I need you to help me with a small favor.
iron supplements make u constipated! I take iron thru my dialysis once a week
The last thing I needed was an hour less of sleep.
lol ewww dop people talk all snotty or high n mighty? Lol
- Hate the noise when people txt in my ear when we on da phone lol its annoying Af'
party this sat at my apartment lemme know if you can make it thanks ps its for my bday so we will be getting hammered all day!
Fair Trade's Growing Pains: Pivoting a Successful Model The founder of the Fair Trade certification program in the U.S. is dealing with t
Once again i wanna say i appreciate you for lettin me come to Chrome And Do what i do. #Much Love Fam
Awesome #itexpo Miami. Congrats to the guy who won the car. A shout out to for a wonderful presentation.
Good morning sports fans! is stirring it up on until noon with the Fins, Marlins & NBA playoffs. Let's Go!
The night heralds the dawn. Let us look expectantly to a new day, new joys, new possibilities, in Christ's name we pray. Amen (NZBP)
Stuck in accident traffic for 45min and there was no gore, twisted metal, or fire to reward me. If I'm gonna wait, I want carnage, dammit!
ha! cocoa! not muffins... apparently i'm forgetting my words also!
RT : As we let our own light shine we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same~Marianne Williamson
You had me at "O"
while everyone is up their asses about Manny Pacquaio, Greece is apparently dying again. Does this mean Euro will be less than the $$ soon?
aw shucks. Thanks!!! :D
YES! Those words are so annoying.
I think year 24 was one of the best I've ever had. I set a new course for awesome last year and now at full speed ahead for the next 365
There are more Azorean Portuguese in the San Joaquin Valley than in the Azores. (Things I learn while in Coalinga.)
I had Ben, the squirrel frm last week's game & my new Asst. to the Offensive Coordinator, take extra special care of Billy this week.
Yes he did and very well!
My gram said she's gonna take me to Abby Lee Dance Company. Yeah
Just wrapped up the English Math Oral Drills book for Nook & Kindle. It's an audiolingual approach for students gr.3-GED. Available soon.
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...'Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.'
I'll be there at 1 central for #CelebrityRoast!
Hurry up and pack slacker so I can see that little goat like face of yours
good! I miss your long ass legs :)
900th tweet dedicated to:
am loving demonstrating it!!
thanks girl!
listen to while I'm waiting by John Waller.
There is no way he will be here at 11.... I'm sure he isn't even awake yet.
Acai sorbetto is here, feeling healthy? this one is for you
Outta school. Thank god.
My dress is amaze
Of course I would start crying when seniors sang their song. Freakin balling my eyes out! Just think 2 more years and I'l be crying worse:,)
Make sure you are looking for the clues! 1) I am the future so plug me in, with higher gas prices, Chevy still makes you grin!
great concept!
Lookin like a lobster ;*
Can Monica be the next Bachelorette please? A normal, ass kicking Bachelorette.
Tryna be a better me, you gotta kill me.
no worries, thanks for the response.
true that bro
....is so sleepy! Working 2 full time jobs feels like slavery!
Will you be at either event tomorrow night? Also, I emailed a bunch of media inquiries to to pass on to you. :)
Awesome, thank you!
Now if we could just get the GOP to acknowledge math we'd have something! ;-)
on regis and kelly the winner of so you think you can dance is performing to 'turn to stone' - one of my favorite songs!
My fun reading for the weekend -- #ScientificAmericanMind. Cover story "Who's in Control? How Physics and Biology Dictate Your 'Free' Will."
had a nice hour and a half rant with :)
I wonder sometimes.....
I truly believe that is the best sports network on the web. Be sure to follow them!
welcome to L'Enfant's DC. Now visit the Building Museum's "Unbuilt Washington" exhibit
My school is having a sports day tomorrow.. I actually really wanna go hahah.
Thanks for the follow!
Ok putting my toys to some use tonight
don't fight fire with fire girlfriend (;
lol hehe im going 2 hell cause some people really cant read
Best thing to excite consumers about smart grids is to leverage energy data with consumer devices, making utility info fun & more available.
IIf you guys knows anyone looking for a summer sublease in Orlando lemme know! $400 a month, at peg pointe :) DM me
Thanks for organizing a great #AAJA mixer at
it was the very next thing on my timeline so I thought it was fitting
thank you
getting back on the good foot tonight; cruising to an easy win against the Slobcats. Thanks to for that one.
The brewpub is closed today and tomorrow so our employees may enjoy the holiday with their families. Merry Christmas! Cheers!
Nets game
really I didn't know it's so cute!!! When did you get it?
"Happy Pi Day everyone! Thanks to for reminding me! #3point1417etcetcetc" Pi is 3.1415
tomorrow is my birthday so dont forget to come to school and see me :)
Hello whats up
Nice guys finish last because they put their ladies first
Ok Ill keep you posted! My Dad just gave me an iTunes gift card last night so maybe Ill use that if I need to.
Check us out on with the Fooks and the Field Irish Dancers for #sdshamROCK this St. Patty's Day!
Heading to #ZooLights at the National Zoo this weekend? Stop at LiLLiES less than a block away for dinner while you're in the neighborhood!
Get a $20 Starbucks Gift Card for only $5 this Friday, only through Blastoff! Visit our Insane Offers tab for more details!
gotta listen to the jams to make it till the end of the day. don't hate.
I refuse to believe that
lmao.my sister just did the cinnamon challenge
... very well
hey maybe if you asked like 4 hours ago I woulda been down
#BlackThursday Sacramento! #KingsAllDay whether a Kings fan or a fan of another NBA team- show support today. Also, register for KICKBALL!
just me and my chik till she go to work later
I also just morphed into my mother when this Negro on Wendy Williams's couch kept talkin' at MAX volume. #IfYouDon'tHurryUpandHush
“: I just finished rehearsing with and for Cinco De Mayo - New songs are SEE YA LATER!! #aloha" gona B ill!
Reflecting on today's #bmorefail makes me very proud of and especially my colleague The Fail Queen
what did u do
The loudness of your neighbor's power tool is directly proportionate to how desperate you are to get some sleep.
She offered her honor, He honored her offer, and all night he was on her and off her.
love your concept, very cool
...was ref the players who are giving us concern...<Same here... Check box scores last two games...quite a few uh...!
looks like it... scary in the moment, but haven't noticed any terrible damage on grounds yet
my name is DAVE not Fredo.
I've seen you both times! You were (are) awesome! Much love Coco!
he's a country boy and he likes himym and hes my age. perfect match? yep. RT Barney stinson aaalllwwwwaaayyyss gets the yes!
I'll be out near Gate A from 2-230 signing autographs.
No I like the Bulls 2 win it all but D.Rose & Noah r injured I guest the Heat Might win the NBA Championship.
how can I help??
The youngest Oscar winner was Tatum O'Neal, only ten when she won Best Supporting Actress for Paper Moon in 1973.
Computational genomics and CUDA had a baby: #BarraCUDA. Awesome. To those involved, is there anyway I could contribute?
My lip is still swole
lmao I'm telling you, attracts the sexiest of them all lmaooo
thanks reverb and all my friends , rockin !
you too! Hope to see you soon!
Your parents tell you to stay in the line when you're shopping & when UR almost near the cashier, they're not even back yet
Fo real! is gonna slay
Things I don't want to see at a TED event: A boring demo of someone's new startup.
Did ya get that thing I set ya?
Best team lunch yet
It's better to be married to someone with a good nature than a good physique.
Understanding that our collective unity will help progress the cause for equality and freedom
yes we did
all the power to you my man. Quite a few undiscovered talents have come through SKC's tryouts btw. How old are you?
racially diverse opportunities at Emuhsun? Say gurl, what dat is?
In 1940, Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller threw a no-hitter
Congratulations to my hometown basketball team, the Charleston Bluejays, on wining their 11th Class 3A state championship on Saturday.
Stand with and demand that the GOP condemns for his despicable comments about women!
Cant be in Nashville but keep us posted RT : Gameday! Are there any Jesters fans in Nashville who will be attending?
Thanks for the shout out! We're so excited for tomorrow night!
She wants more time and less excuses
": see me saw you"
What is an Avox?
watching capndesdes:D
“: Taylor Swift, backed up by the Country Bear Jug Band.”
If you could travel through time, would you visit the past or the future?
I Like The Way You Say my Name
Here we go, back to the old ball in chain for one more day
Hm...Hey text me...please
has THE best voice
#Loudoun Schools hosts Reflections; An art program. Children will submit #art, #music and #literature. I'm pleased to be a judge this year.
Over the course of a 14-year ournalism career, there have been some tough days to be in a newsroom. And yesterday was one of those days.
thats what girls are for!! thats what girls are for!
Flight 1: success!
naw I couldn't do that but I rather watch porn then watch what's on tv now
Day 1 of no TV service. Now I stare at the blank screen; much more entertaining than the crap I paid $130 a month to watch.
If you got em, flaunt em
Ancestry will release groups of states at a time for #1940census and make announcements - year long marketing program
Really bad weather falling in San Antonio as surrounding areas!!!! Please be careful if your out till 830pm. Take cover if needed from hail!
The Saints will have to wait til next week to hear about any suspensions for bounty gate..
A girl can dream.
cheers to a bumping HAPPY HUMP day!!
Help yourself others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online. Simple. Easy. Beautiful! www.marketamerica.com/lasko
If only more people would read it! We were youth pastors in Elizabeth Co.
MATH, Y U NO SOLVE YOUR OWN PROBLEMS??
resistance: in 12minutes i swam 21 pools = 2100meters -.- I WAS DYING -.-
I think she hates me deep down, I know she does..
Let's get this party started.
#Denim is now available in bootleg, skinny, boyfriend, wide-leg and trouser. Do you wear them all or stick to one #style?
Thank you so much for the RT!
Apple: I love 'em & hate 'em. Apple blocks all music streaming on iPhone EXCEPT from iTunes store. Musicians: we need to be free to stream!!
If someone starts a dog sharing program, I'm in!
doing ok FAM... how are you
But really, I'm paralyzed by the fear I have for my looming finals. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I did it
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher.....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
thank you, thank you, thank you. Xx
#cloudexpo kicked off with a sales presentation by Oracle vs a true keynote celebrating the advancement of the Cloud - bummer
I will DM you
I think with the way he's dancing, everyone knows
Happy Cinco de Derby! If I named a derby horse: "Juanita 'nother Mint Julep"
Four players into my Browns draft pro-con evaluation and the cons are beating out the pros on all of them in my opinion...
im so glad ur on strange music/strange lane, man cant wait for preserved!!!!!!¡!
Clay Duan,Western Union, Micro market planning.
Great! I'll try to come! RT:u say that,I'll be @ The Athenaeum this Sat 4 "Operation Comedy".Show is is Downtown!
LOVE it!
never seen on Pop Up. Have to you tube it. Thanks
Mobile content gives control to student, more social, goes hand-in-hand with the cloud,
SO... TOM is back in FTK! :D
..., or just deal with that reality, move on, and stop feeling jealous of creative types.
No problem, I was the muscle and Krista was the hustle. Lots of bodies in the basement :\
Watching the Knicks play makes me appreciate the San Antonio Spurs that much more in terms of valuing the basketball.
Can someone lend me $2k?
does social media in an exhibit exclude visitors who don't have SM accounts from a certain type of experience?
#Revenge Freaking crying for Sam the dogs death. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
#fridayreads THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE; NANJING REQUIEM; THE HEALING; THE DAME
“: There is always that one girl in your grade that is obsessed with horses.”
Give it up .. its me, I win you lose. Hahahaha, Oohhh shit Yoooo imma bad b***h imma imma bad b***h!!!!!!!!
...m...truffles
twice this week have said "Oh, snap!".... much to my horror....
You guys, Lady Mary and Cousin Matthew on the train platform...I can't handle it.
my next paycheck is going to shoes, my hair & gas!! lol
“: no...” Well you know maybe you should just try to sleep , tomorrow you'll get to be with your baby boy <333
no, lol of course
Xfactor. Suck my dick
Because we all knew it was true, you saucy minx ;-)
I love pumpkin smash! So jealous!
yeah...hard to believe i'm working ;-)
Got da music goin on my android tablet n da game on
So happy to take my hills off
3 Final exams, 2 essays, and 1 presentation to do within the next 3 days THEN spring break begins. Time to get down to business.
Stay in yo lane!
She said you're a rambling man and you ain't ever gonna change
Much love and safe travels! Thanks for all your tweets.
Its always funny when I have to tell someone that you need a nielsen box for their viewing to count...And the subsequent outrage.
That's only true in very backwards IT organizations. IT embraced a service management attitude 10 years ago as an industry.
Do you do single people's homes? All I want is Jenni and Jeff in my place.
Who am i without Jesus?
RT : Adam and eve don't eat that fruit
Unsuccessful entrepreneurs are in a constant search for opportunities while successful entrepreneurs create their own opportunities.
that, a glam gown and a classic mic would make a great jazz photo.
Couldn't agree more! Go Lakers!
Hi, I'm Phil and I have a seemingly crazy story that I'm not gonna tell you more about. C'mon, man!
Nicolas Boileau~ If absolute power corrupts absolutely does absolute powerlessness make you pure
With you just came on pandora and then one less lonely girl is on now :)
"NWA - Real Niggaz Don't Die!!"
Don't know if I can do
RT : Ur level of reliability will determine ur level of success..
Everything is going well for me, trying to figure out my next step Post-JRP program. Looking for a growth position in marketing.
Great website. Great content. Thanks for the follow. Share on solider.
Congrats to you and on the best new restaurant nomination!
I have seen plenty of Conservatives say that today and since this started
Sharing is caring at Beta! Bring friends, family, and co-workers and experiment with flavors and ingredients you've always wanted to try
#nh11 Come see Dr. Champagne from IOTA Solutions @ 8:30am for VCCS Faculty Feedback results from the online evaluations! Crystal E Ballroom.
Up early this morning. About to get my run in and workout on, then hit the books!
Oh god, yes this. RT : No more gear reviews, please. The verdicts are already out. Go out and shoot something worthwhile.
I can't believe a reporter was going around NYC, asking people if they still watch 2.5 Men, & I didn't get to mouth off!! Where was I??
I never saw 3 profes. women sound so dumb, why are all3 trying to make that Mother into a babykiller or babyNapper,Casy all over
My band Atoms Apart is playing tonight at Bella cafe with the crash takeoff and kate+tom! Come say hi.
hope you follow:)
"working 9-5, it's a way to make a living!"
Happy mothers day yall. Make sure u let ur mom know how thankful u are for her and everything she does. Love you mom!
Jermichael Finley isn't having his best game tonight. We'll hear about it all week, but it's one game. He'll be just fine.
The MGM grand buffet serves 16 tons of Mac and cheese per year?!
Right back atcha babe! :)
8/13/2010 Book Review: Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead blogcritics
Proper way to ask for time off. "I need to take a personal day or whatever we call it. I can't work today." /cc
<U+E324> director mode right now! <U+E105>
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
Excited to check stuff off the to-do list! RT : It's Monday where we are. Are you looking forward to the week ahead?
Haha, that's true. :P
hope so 2 esp when some schools teach + seem2 want only sharp boundaries between LIS practice v research
We have so many new faces around the office lately. #growth is such a good feeling. Welcome ,
Work/life balance can be a challenge for mid level professionals--
Good luck studying for finals and make sure to get enough rest!
follow back
Pres Obama: it's time to make a proclamation apologizing for US genocide against Native people. Do it now.
“That seems like a no-brainer.”—Marie on ’s recent student loan reform. #Obama2012 OFA.BO/v7LTtc
u listen to both of them?
Wow, already up to No. 23, and those #Lions. Feeling Quinton Coples or Dre Kirkpatrick or even Courtney Upshaw.
can I still listen to it?
Business Creativity
Ugh Mondays but at least I have my birthday to look forward to on Saturdays!
- Please Follow - Thanks!
soon I hope!
THE NEXT JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT APPOINTED BY [ hbo ] SCARY HUH?...
tell me i'm your national anthem
At least we will know who the true fans are soon. Less people to follow.
Welp moving on Friday the thirteenth was not the smartest decision.
Let's go Buccos
yeah it will be but i would rather play OK at norman and play Ok state at Home, instead of Stillwater
starting..... NOW!
I'm about that #ThugLife, straight blasting niggas -__-
Not the way I thought it would go, but gotta admit it was a fun year of Badger football.
Time to hang out with my mom and get my pretty new shoes from my old apartment. Yay.
if i fall, can you let me down easy?
so funny! This is why it's so popular: mylikes
We hope your day is more cyber than Monday! Also, remember that Banzai delivers directly to your door!
Chicken pad thai & yellow curry all for me!! No sharing. :) So happy it's my Friday and it finally FEELS like spring. :)
If my desk wasn't so big and my office wasn't on State St., I'd move it outside right now. Maybe should get a patio permit.
Just because you don't agree with me doesn't means I'm wrong. Just because you don't like me doesn't mean I'm a bad person.
well now I'm home and being lazy. Mission accomplished
Commercial audition went GREAT today!
you dont even realize. I wasnt even hearing the entire beat before. I just killed it. Can you open it where you are?
Too many bottles of wine in this Italian family makes for a crazy night. Grandpa singing Dean Martin and dancing around
Ok wait what is going on im starting to feel bad for sylar..
Charges of white privilege are racist. I don't support any kind of racism. It's a power grab
Congrats to all of our buccos who played in the All Star game tonight! Can't wait to see you back in the Burgh!
who u be?
makes me happy when surrounded by idiots
Come to the QBar tonight!!! the fun starts at 6pm!
but when u do nd come here u should let me know
Thanks for the #FF love, And hello, ! Lovely to be tweeted with you.
Busy Marathon today! Definitely in a great rhythm. Love when difficult things feel good!
Hey,Did you get my info?
well I could give him a second chancr I mean he was a jerk sometimes but only when he was Mad cause of his friend.
You ARE #TheScreenshotQueen! & Im not just saying that cuz its a Mega Awesome picture of me...well, that's not the ONLY reason
Oops, sorry. I thought you were responding to a different tweet. Yes, I agree that it's different.
While school violence as a whole is declining, bullying behaviors have increased by 5%. We must actively work to stop bullying.
When spotting up on opposite wing & ur teammate drives baseline, flatten out to ur baseline corner to make for easy pass & shot.
Killed it tonight!!!!!
hey Michael - dev of CC here! I'd love to hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :)
Now I want to get Skyrim((:
There should be standards when it comes to most things!
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Principals must network with partners to discover the resources to bring in without using their funds. Foster opportunities.
Long time no tweet.... I missed twitter ;'(
preteens are so stupid this century. lol
Just saw !!! She looks so cute in her heels!! Lol
Astro is one arrogant prick. Send his ass home. Rap is for those who can't sing.
Thanks, Mom! RT Nice job!
haha you are her! Btw what's wrong with wills eyes
thanks for the follow. Would be nice to see the parade this year. Let us know if I need any banners!
i love u
that's just mean spirited
Tom Creighton from giving talk on state of SCORM and SCORM next generation
Seriously? Watch out boy she'll chew you up, whoa whoa here she comes": I bought my Hall & Oates Tix for stage AE!"
Apple Pan: full fat cream emerald green cup and saucer banana cream pie bread and butter pickles no. 2 pencil hand-tabulated guest check...
Comm Gomez will support too; looks like #apple Travis County incentives package set to pass 4-1
Last day to refer a friend and get $40 credit in both of your accts. Tell your pals to sign up today!!! bit.ly/dHlM98
Thanks for the AWESOME dinner! It was delicious and we will be back very soon.
Planet Texas Studios is a 2D and 3D animation design and production company for broadcast, games, interactive and educational media.
win a new bmw m3 spend a $1 for a chance www.ebookviralincome.gogiveaway.com
You might even be able to double back and teach a few tricks of the trade to them so they can improve their game.
Has to be Peterkin or Austin based on history, but we shall see.
good luck!
Dolphins take a 14-3 lead into the half.
No problem, Melissa!
Ain't no u in love and ain't no I in team.
My top 5 underrated emcees: Don't get the PROPS they deserve 4 lyricism.
OK. Working on a number of projects. Getting ready to to Israel again. Book party next month (April 28th) at Busboys. 5&K St.
you have a great energy!
I love a girl who wants, but dnt need me dats a #BossLady made fa a
Another great Monday class. What a way to start off the week.
“ lol it was kadias idea...I'm the nice one”
So is Natalie portman schizophrenic in black swan.....?
you have the wrong Russell on today, Russell Wilson.
No more Sunday Fundays......:(
yeah, that makes the two of you to be my Kuyas.
He got some Jeremy Scotts and now he thinks hes A$AP. Smh
hm, thats some crazy shittt!!! lol hm lemme go check it out!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Come on in tomorrow and take advantage of our Strain of the Day!! See ya then!
Today's the big day! opens today, come check it out! 2010 Scarritt Place, Nashville (Midtown/Vandy neighborhood)
Omw to the city!! :D woohoo!
Or lazy and didn't care to learn their birthdays....
thanks so much for the Rt. Loved your April fools joke!
It is far better to deal with an inflationary threat than a deflationary threat. Krugman's comments about the "inflationistas" ring true.
warching your videos on youtube :) what about you?
for sure :)) when is flo rida coming??
seems like a pretty fishy bet from your end, no?
Tyson Chandler did not come to play tonight.....he flat out sucked on a night he should of been dominant!
Sitting at LA Film school for a screening of Hunger Games.
why you hatin on THIS
I like Memphis because they play inside-out with discipline, grit, and consistency. Unlike a certain, other team...
i got that fire you got me open you dig it deeper we take it higher<U+2665> #ArianaArmy <U+2665>
Please ensure you and your family stay safe and prepare for Hurricane Irene. www.JaklitschLawGroup.com
I like the way you think. I might just crown you my new advisor. Resume'?
Isn't it wonderful?!
Planning for the Christmas Party! My family got everything we need! This is gonna be Blast!!!
and to you sir as well
The only way I'd qualify as having a hard body is if they are talking about liver, arteries or heart
Falling asleep while have stem and ice treatments.>>>>
I totally ROCKED tax-free weekend today... clearance sales, coupons, gift cards. Filled three closets on $28!
and you're already at 79K, I'd say you TOTALLY WON the day!
What a fun show! Heather Olt and Todd Sherry I can't wait until next Xmas!! Loved "Sisters" with your fans! Cracked up before you began! :)
YOU SUCK!
Off to 440 Studios to see my beautiful friend kill it tonight in September Girls! So thankful for such talented friends!!
by saying the exact truth duh lol...
Wow, I love criminal minds
RT : really confused about a world without all three beastie boys in it.
When the hot guy at Safeway flirts with me >
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8> <--- Alexis is a princess
"learn to say no so your yes has some oomph." I like that line!
I assumed.
Only a few hours left to register for Rhythm Shuffle in time to get an event Tee! Only a very limited supply of extra Tees will be ordered!
Argh! Well, we'll be here until after 10pm. Come and join us!
She say Love is for Free, Just Expensive to Shop.
I doubt that lack of reasoning is preventing the #semweb from going mainstream. It's more lack of killer use cases on the www.
:( I Just Know him so Well Because i Wanna Meet Him Then He Dose This to Me!!!!!!! Maybe I Should Just Forget Everything About Him
i don't think you got all your followers.
How I view dogs: German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labrador. How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat.
$10 for a freakin water slide at a hotel!
Ooh. Respect. I tried watching that around age 14 with ; got too creeped out & couldn't finish.
What kinda people, make kids do homework during the summer?
Developing an undocumented system for a psychotic customer is starting to get hard
yay next month's book orders have the shadow children! im totally gonna buy that!
Stanford professors propose &#39;lecture-less&#39; medical school classes
I miss you bastards. You know who you are.
DON'T GIVE ME THAT SASS.
Yesterday was the defintion of YOLO.
wonder if you guys and i could do a song together one day . <33
- London folks - anyone recommend a good bricklayer? DM me dets if you do!! Jo xx
to my parents house in the burbs for a few hours
Just finished shooting! I wore a really amazing Margiela jacket and Devani wore a stunning dress from Altuzarra. Its coming together!
Monday Morning #Trivia:The #movie, 'Mogambo' with Clark Gable was a remake of which movie?
dope. Can't wait to see em
I saw the most random people from high school, ran into a person I met this week and brought him to the parties, hugged numerous random ppl
If anyone opened the link from my tweet change your password now. Sorry. I got a virus when I opened it from someone who sent me the same
no tweets yet?
We have discounts on entertainment too!
I find Aldi's fruit and veg sub-standard so I no longer buy it
Dammit, Commerce Doubletree all sold out until Friday, if anyone has an extra bed and wants to split room cost I'm a neat roommate lemmekno
you are the most stunning woman ever!
only my manager can ring up discounts so I can't have you up there
haha!(: yeah you're the coolest belieber! I don't get why the fandoms fights but whateves! We're just awesome peacekeepers
Good morning world
Attempting to re-re-link twitter and facebook. It stopped working a few weeks ago but I haven't taken the time to fix it.
: ": Funny! Vanessa, remember when we were in flight to NYC and girl ran up asking if u are Tyra Banks?
Last Summer it was so hot in New York everybody was complaining now we have nothing but snow and they are still complaining, never satisfied
Looking forward to meeting with some amazing entrepreneurs next monday Thx! :)
Every Relationship Has Its Problems But What Makes It Perfect Is When You Still Want To Be There When Everything Sucks
Brown Boxer Madeira Beach FL awesome margaritas, cheesesteak, roast beef dip, onion rings, fish tacos, 50+ beers, pool, Rays on parade.
Oh yea she is, I had to check her out since she got your cosign ": in my defense is sexy af"
love that song RT “: #NOWPLAYING and Can't Stop Me on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and ”
Also I still have mostly every note any girl has given me and or drawings...Gotta keep these highschool memories to look back at in the ...
Thank you Fritzy for asking the hard hitting questions to . Always hilarious when the 5th Dannette is on!
Working on my bathroom'''
Happy Treso de Mayo everybody!! I'm going to hate myself for tweeting this within seconds
yeah buddy!
should I start looking into TLP t-shirts? guess what color they'd be.
Attempting to give myself a crash course in social networking, new media, and internet marketing, specifically for nonprofits. Fun.
Home at last. So good to be back!
I wish I was walking for the cure today ):
Gov. Brownback wants to increase the tax burden on the 99% and then lower the burden on the 1%. And if I complain...that is class warfare??
is that hail today?
welcome to tweet world!
was that you in the first game? i've been wondering about that. you got to round two and the cyclops player didn't, correct?
gotta also plug The Ex's collaborations with late cellist Tom Cora. "State of Shock" -> "Hidegen fujnak a szelek"!
Let's hope so!
Morning! Where did #MotherNature 's spin-a-season 2012 land where you are? We're back to Spring in Fl...
Fantastic narrative from #YFF collection of pre-hipster #LES drug culture from youth POV
Night Christine is on Denver time. Morning Christine is on DC time. Sadly, naptime Christine is not on the trip.
the world of software is a pretty good platform for all of that.
#O'Reilly #Obama - I have to say, I was impressed. Surprisingly, That was a pretty good interview.
Thanks Paul for your warm comment. Keep supporting the Moth.
everybody is a critic...lol posting some more soon
Any parent that has had a son or daughter involved in Pop Warner in San Diego County knows how much Junior Seau gave of himself.
I had to google it lol
Your business sounds fab. Just signed up for beta & updates. Really useful!! :)
hey, did twitter unfollow u or did u
its a drought for live music at the station - hope to catch some cool gigs soon
I would say car bomb ninja, but that just sounds bad
I sure hope that Grizzlies/Clippers series go to 7. otherwise KSAT12 should just have the pregame show instead of church on TV....
I Love You moree
haha whoops. sorry! my phone lies to me...
You know when you're at a house party and Annie from St. Vincent shows up? I do
The night is young, i wanna fucking partayyy
M.... commie pussy! So, socialistic! My tongue marx the spot! BLAMO!
yes so true
Thanks to everyone who helped make the National Symposium on Arts/Cultural/Entertainment Districts so successful!
I'm writing again ha no more ruts And don't you hate when autocorrect changes the word to something you don't want
I care and hope you find what you are looking for, maybe it will find you instead
Hey guys!! How goes it? And I absolutely will!! (:
Just checking to see if you received saynplay and what you and your little one think? A Snow day is a great day to play it!
BUT NOW I NEED TO KNOW. I NEED TO SEND A BELATED BIRTHDAY CARD.
“: Women mature much faster than men.” no shit.
would yoou please just follow me already?? i love you soo muchh<3
Did I hear the word "pints" mentioned? :)
no, but his career averages will bring that back down to 9-7. Watch out for Arizona
Watching the waynes bros
I have come to the great realization that I only need 5 people in my life to make me truly happy. I am #grateful . They are my
u look amazing......how was it
I wish I was a few years older and lived with a partner so I can kick him out bed right now and make him make me a pb&j sandwich.
Wrap up your Holiday shopping early with a Choice Eating gift certificate.
Q7: glaucoma, diabetes, and even life-threatening conditions like a brain tumor
gl with that.
Minnesota latest school to express interest in Oconomowoc sophomore T.J. Schlundt of the Wisconsin Swing 17U program.
Dreamworks "Black listed" by Corp responsibility magazine-I'd really like Tom Hanks & Mr. Spielberg to call me about this. Don't send Darth.
#TheWineLoft #Southlake has a new chef!!! Stop by and ask for Kevin. New menu. Amazing anti-pasta appetizer.
and a got off late too!! If we aint woke u fresh outta luck
See you there!
Welcome! “: A big welcome to Colleen, our newest Samaritan Ministry intern, on her first day!”
Steak n Shake! I'm glad isn't serving us.... #gross ;)
RT : Chris Polk wins honors as the Seattle Sports Star Male Athlete of the Year. Keith Price accepts on his behalf. ...
Keep posting your thoughts. People are listening. :)
I've had enough excitement for one day. Tomorrow, I tackle D&D with the nerds. Woot?? At least I have brand new shiny dice
and we were also praying for the Franks family.
telling your Realtor that you have an active offer w/ another agent at the 11th hour is NOT the best way to get us to work quicker.
9 hits through 4 innings so far.
Hooray for my husband who ran after the knife grinder on a blustery afternoon. I had forgotten the pleasure of a really sharp knife.
drunk tweeting? Lol
THANKS FOR MAKING ME CRY
Grading best employer presentations on State Farm - Spfld Clinic - St Johns - Sikich - Horace Mann - LLCC all from Springfield Bus Journal
Superman has Tim Tebow pajama pants
Happy birthday to the GRAND man See you soon in life buddy ;)
im getting u that bag lbds
rez I need to borrow ur abs for the weekend, can we make this happen...
see you soon!
oh shit... I just fucking pre cummed in my pants... damn it!
#Pittsburgh #Penguins vs NY Rangers Tonight 7:00 PM Let's go #Yinz #Pens!!
well I'm just glad he gonna get famous but I just wanted to meet him at least once:(
“: The harder one works the easier it looks... Don't be fooled.” Piv's droppin knowledge right here
Outsourcing was not formally identified as a business strategy until 1989 (Mullin, 1996).
The weekend looks dicey starting with scattered showers on Saturday. 64° inland, 54° lakeside. Keep the umbrella handy!
so nice of Donaldson not to strike out there.
I can see you're having trouble? :I
taking last minute requests and dedications for IT Metrics agenda items
Lots of sleepy heads in RDA 201
Good morning
As you see, my response time is not improving! I got picked up after the early afternoon session. Did you stay for the keynote?
we're following strictly out of fear. Please don't beat us up.
I know I'm very late to the game, but just got a crash course in courtesy of Where has this been all my life?!
Gr8 Day All!
I don't mind..
I've burned my hands 3 times today <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
would like to thank for some awesome photos!
Hey #Colts fans, what do you think about #Manning's decision?
the fact that 's background is of my girl Marilyn >>>>
LOL! Its no worldstarhiphop but boxing should do just fine. :p
all for one & one for all :)
Looks like there's going to be a "lot" of new antiques to go through! Or should that be old antiques? Nothing much at the auction tonight.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
haha ok i will go back after work and buy one of each flavor and we will have a cardboard-cream cookie party!
“: If you are passionate about something, pursue it, no matter what anyone else thinks. That’s how dreams are achieved.”
Psyched to be in LA for sessions with my old chums: Chapman Stick player Steve Ellison and trumpeter Eric Dahlman!
The Holton Youth & Family Center is reopening. Share your ideas & input today from 12 - 2 p.m. at 510 E. Burleigh. Prizes, food, fun & info!
definitely! It's soo important!
I've been to worthington & grandview all before 10am. Busy busy morning.
Stop tweeting about your hairy ass pussy..
Kicking back enjoying the time im given, soon its back on my grizzy
Everyone you can buy tickets for the next game on ticketmaster. Buy now
. Would like to learn abt Visual SOAR. We've started talking w/our First Year Center about a program for incoming students.
is coming to Southern College of Optometry ()! 18 April at 6:30 PM CST! Students & Faculty, mark your calendars!
I thought I would die without him. It turns out I wasn't alive with him.
for real???? what day....i need to take a day off. We got WORK to do.
I just want to look like like ugh please?
rt Fink I am guna go on the wii
Intense love does not measure. It just gives.
good idea!
Here at the Mill Top with !
Im still on the fence about going.....im scared of haha
Last night’s tie added to wealth of evidence proving no scientific basis for “On your feet!” leading to #RITHockey goal.
RT If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it.
completed first week in working with Main Profile Salon Denville, NJ. Owner's Irene and Susan great Job promoting #salon and products!
I worked for Reagan in 1980. Mitt Romney is no Ronald Reagan. Reagan was a union president and admirer of FDR.
My profile picture in my timeline is coming up as - even #Facebook has bugs.
Snow in the morning and now the sun is shining = why Colorado is the best
what does that mean?
I mean he took a cab four hours to bring them to us lol
Everyone's life is an object lesson to others. - Karl G. Maeser
Downpours be damned!! (@ Whitnall Golf Course) [pic]:
i love skyscraper
Keep Calm And Be Forever Young <3
Playing an early outdoor show in berea, ky... What's going on tonight?
Oklahoma woman gets probation for money laundering
Hi Joanne, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
lol! tell our mutual friend he needs a twitter!
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer. It didn't answer. I figure it's just waiting for the right moment
But it's not free. It's not too bad, I put a bunch of books on hold at the SPL and it emails you when they are ready to download.
": ...and why do I have Stewie Griffin's "Intercourse With You" stuck in my head?!" Love me some Stewie. Lol
Congratulations for winning lunch with
For Engineering and Architecture types we also have Wacom Bamboo input tablets
in this, they pretend it's a book for purposes of rights, but rely on crap OCR, poor proofing, etc. It's a contractual gambit.
That's a great quote: RT I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
Ok, if u don't trust me don't talk to me okey? I'm sick!
Very pleased to get all the classes I wanted for Winter Term. Looking forward to the Brian Bendis graphic novel class.
I offer FREE Online 1-on1 Mandarin Chinese Instructions for beginners by Skype! Email me to make your schedule:
Not a bad hackers:hacks ratio at inaugural gathering. We're well positioned for content+security+game mech+advertisng tech
OMG it was.
Dear : Put your pen where your mouth is. Allow same-sex couples to apply for fiancé(e) visas.
Happy Birthday "Jesus" I wouldnt be where I am today if it wasnt for YOU, thank you
lol. We did Seafood on Thrusday and used the left overs for Cioppino on Friday. Yumm! HOme made garlic bread too.
Had the best weekend ever with the best girlfriend in the world, love you
I've seen some pretty sad situations in Gallup, so I understand. Used to live in Flagstaff.. similar jokes.
This racket is a fart! And you're a bitch! You're a cheating bitch!
Oooooohhhhhweeee...... download the 7-4-09 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!! THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ **** TUNE IN TONIGHT!
Ah! I love that place! Get the olive and nut plate!
#%&# should I follow my head or heart :-(
have you made a change in coaches in Portland? Tweets flying..
just got off #tired af.!!
thanks for following. Any plans for St. Nick's?
Great moment! Strahan rocks!
1. We call it Orbis(r) ? That is cool. 2. Did you get my email?
Mikey, please follow me! :/
Happy Mothers Day Too All The Moms & Soon To Be Moms (:
yeah, i think so
haha this made me laugh xD
Thanks to for reminding me that a week doesn't go by where I don't CRAVE Hi-C Ecto Cooler :P
but the real question here is what, exactly, is the value of a "shiny nickle"?
In terms of character and cast chemistry, Smash is exactly the opposite of The Good Wife.
Wow. Just, wow.
RT These dudes next to me have been trying to "generally assemble" their tent for like 45 minutes
I am babes
can i be your robin? :)
RT Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
I want to win the photo
Someone smashed an egg on my car last night, I stepped in gum this morning. I'm remaining silent on my #kyderby picks to not jinx anyone.
Those crazy kids at hit 100K followers, and are celebrating by giving away 25 subscriptions.
Smells like teen spirit made the album ... thx fellas. MAJOR
I might be interested. What part of the Metro area is it in?
Our lions say "M": MT : We're bringing our brisket to the next Thursday for #Zoofari 2012. Join us!
With the New iPod 4th Gen and the Skype app, who needs an iPhone (and more importantly, AT&T?) "Cell" phone & no contract. Works for me!
u know what sux about having a twisted ankle? just about everything.
I'm the blonde one.
"amazing" non-ideas for data gathering from very simplistic sources i believe. Bill's specialty audience!
Great talks by students & at Anthropology of Performance conference this morning.
If there is Anything I can assist All of my followers with (within reason) PLEASE let me know? I AM HERE!
#Bruins needed that 1st goal
I got 99 problems and a broken air conditioner IS one. Grrr.
Dan Edelstein tackles the problem of incomplete data in mapping early modern intellectual production
jill is your right hand.....lol
ohh, I have both, it's the table of contents thats not right.
Looking forward to watching #mubb take down Louisville tonight at MSG in NYC.
Just checked out your band... loved your song Secrets Don't Make Friends :)
Thanks again for everything. Have a safe trip!
Praying gets to the Olympics this year!! I hate training but man does she motivate me!
Nap: taken. Coffee: made. Headphones: in. It's just you and me now, SPAN 3510.
yea,but I was crying like literally tears were coming out
Christian Ishizaki will have his first evaluation for the 2012-2013 season, starting tomorrow night at WSC Skating Rink.
Fabulous event for fabulous ladies! We look forward to having you back!
Putting her hand in his pocket. "You Don't Know Me" :D
Game Time.!
When I came to school dressed as a flapper for Gatsby day, Reid looked at me like I was psycho til I told her I was in Lang.
PACKING FOR ST. GEORGE!!!
The vast majority of the community just wants to create, not think about licenses.
the show is just called Jem, but yes.
FREE BUSINESS CARDS > www.800printingnyc.com
is that on the plaza?
Just got done watchinf Kenan and Kel, I love
#ThosePeople who say all of the stupid shit in class and you just want to throw your pencil in their eye.
Im going to be honest, I didn't find SNL's 100th digital short to be funny. Except for maybe biebers parts..lol.
Delightful discovery of the day: the food stand at the Javits serves a mean turkey sandwich
Thank God for wives the greatest gift of all
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
Today in #Bway histroy: 1954 - Julie Andrews makes her Broadway debut in Sandy Wilson's The Boy Friend.
RT : 2 hours until #MOMeoChat @ 8pm MTN/10pm EST Putting a Stop to the Gimmes! How to Handle Entitled Kids w/
Successful people have successful habits.
Curtis Granderson, thank you!!!!!!!!!!
so excited to read the write-up! Love your stuff. Congrats;)
I tried but I bomded I will get them next never give up
umm I'm in town Feb !
Real recognize real and you don't look familiar bitch !!
i'll try it for a few days.....
Our Capoeira Mandinga workshop is today from 3pm to 4pm. Learn about this exciting martial art that combines dance, music, and self defense!
Well this is taking longer than I thought it would...
ACS Advisory Board just getting out of exec session. Largest crowd of citizens I've seen in the 7 months I've covered the group.
Someone in this building is making waffles. My morning routine involved 80% more hunger-grumbles.
Lesson learned: Do not promise updates when you are looking for an apartment/moving :) NOW I can promise more updates :)
front line activistseamstress of urban vintage surgeon repairing stitches she wears a hard hat digging ditches
Can you direct message me your location and I'll find out for you?
Bit me on my leg AND my arm !
OMG wow he is even more pathetic than Taylor Hicks because at least Taylor was on Broadway
ok me and CANNOT say anything until it happens!! OK?! lmfao
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
Call us at 858-222-8242. Happy to help!
No. Just no. This is just not true. ": "Kancho" is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.”
Diamond again!
Metta World Peace on last nights 29 point blow out, "I think we did ok tonight.." you'd think he was the one of took an elbow to the face
what did you run into?
u did amazing & I kno your mom is so proud of u :) Great mothers day for her to remember! Time to take on the Red Sox!
Same planet different latitudes right? Thanks for the luck and look forward to your tweets.
The one downside, I can't get the Oakland radio overlay today. I haz a big sad.
Pageant practice!
Do it!
you should be good either way fam, as long as you're still able to keep your options open
lmao im for real..mowing the grass back there and hitting mortar holes sucks
Im done with all this fucking drama
With its cancellation just now, all those unwatched DVR'd episodes of #Awake have suddenly become a devalued commodity.
if i can't check my character before i go to work i'll be upset, come on. I didn't pop addy's and stay up for 25 hrs for nothing
Are you looking forward to spring? More outdoor activities means a more active you. No excuses!
I know lol that shit is way to much money.
It would be the dumbest decision ever to let Pitino's son become the coach in waiting
The mall is playing Christmas music. It's November 8. What is wrong with you people.
Why would you want to change your brand?
who is the only candidate for Mayor to have a negative voting history on LGBT issues? Who campaigned for anti gay Meg Whitman?
But once a month, I get a cupcake!
OK...up 3 going into the 4th....this would be a great opportunity for #Kobe to show why he's STILL the best closer in the game
Any UI/Front-End developers looking for work I have people banging down my doors for UI/Front-End Developers
The JustLife.tv's iPhone app is in the planning stages and should move to production very soon! Very exciting!
conrats Peg. thank GOD!
By the way, one of my students is going there for summer research (alas not with ). Would you like any NYC treats?
great racing!
thanks, will give that a go
working on a new track called "Things We Love"
yeah right.... Smart analytics.
Just gave a talk in #lakecharles, LA on #dreamingofdixie. Talking to a class tomorrow. Hope to learn more about
Dat good ol Jordan
hell yeah bro we will I'll hum I got a new number!
1/2 price drinks, 2 dollar bottles and dj rey torres tonight!!
gb.tc's web content is pretty minimalist. Can BigTree scoop up a wordpress blog easily?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 33
I think my kids were switched at birth. I made them watch A Christmas Story today and they didn't like it.
Social serv ex: Hospital detox costs $5000, then discharge, cycle back. In my agency, costs $750, then treatmt & recovery.
my question is the watching of the stupidity any less stupid?
Fuck yeah! Neal!
Tomorrow is better than tonight, and your life is an experience.
I want a girl that's Puerto Rican and black that is so sexy
Proof you're a rhetoric nerd. You open up Twitter during the Super Bowl and all the tweets are critiquing the commercials.
close the background running apps
Glad you liked my pre-event observation hahaha thankfully I was more composed
dah so cute cathy!! no really again today :)
May the best of your past be the worst of your future.
Rye Rebellion is Full Pint.
I used to be a Red Vines guy. But as I've grown older, I've come to see that a Twizzler is just a deeper and more soulful piece of licorice.
R.I.P. Levon Helm... I'll be watching "The Last Waltz" tonight in your memory.
what up doe young ZD!
I think my baby is mad at me :/ & I don't know why..
I just wanna sleep
Just finished Iron Man. Now for a 20 min break, then on to Incregible Hulk!!! Whoo-Hoo!!!
#homeland and www.legalizememovie.com Sunday
The Buckeye Silver Bullet defense is as satisfying as a Coors Light.
do you have a fb?
I wish there were an awards show the week of your visit.
wouldn't really consider a double double average along with high energy and a good defender overrated
Reading it now =) RT : Need a good read? Stephen King's 11/22/63 is one of the best I've read in a long time! Amazing and fun!
Hoping to see you out in Grafton this afternoon 4-7pm at the Walgreens for the Midland Weather Radio event!
Love that Ryan Dempster is talking about his casino event on National Fox broadcast. We were happy to help him!
Ugh...I want to go too. Enjoy!! : Headed to Culinary Fight Night in Atl.
I like Tom Barrett, so it's difficult for me to watch him keep hating Scott Walker #wis2012debate. My 2 cents: Just talk about yourself Tom.
Fact: 34% of the Football players are Married, 7% have children.
Make it rain!
Congratulations!!! That's amazing!
do we go to the gym in the morning?
Woo Hoo! 's Easy Rider, Transporter & 4Rider all won 2011 Reader's Choice Awards for Best Stollers!
you know what i like!
Any guesses on what the single most widely read document in the U.S. is( #prsawd)?
goodd. And yours? I hope oit was good. Dm me please, alex (:
Desperate much?
great, thanks for the info. See you then (if not before then).
I've waited seven years to hear "Hazel Eyes" live. Best Celtic prog jam ever.
Rudy Gay being there makes all the difference than from last year. The Sky the Limit with him being there.
"Sorry Timberland , but P. Sanders is bringing sexy back" c; <21 -
La Roche-Posay Improves Quality of Life for Those with Sensitive Skin - MarketWatch (press release)
LOVE them and WILL be purchasing.
hey do you want an inlander subscription?
7.6 #Earthquake in #Acapulco #Mexico -- Monitoring closely here with
wanna be on stage with your family of penguins?
Did a little work, a little cleaning, a little laundry ... and now my weekend can begin.
Wishing my daughter (Janiya) a HAPPY 4th BIRTHDAY.
This requires a t-test, not a z-test.
Damn posted a video that I produced. Check out Dollar Please on their front page right now.
CUTE RIGHT
How do I view a scene on Mapcrunch in Google Maps or Earth? Shouldn't there be a "view on map" link somewhere?
Scotland yard on st.paul street..buy a beer get a Jameson shot for $2.00! Get some!
I can guarantee you the Rockets would be better off WITH Gasol, we were screwed.
@ The JaY O B... Much luv my social city fAm, much luv, Muah!!!
yes. Do you have the pants I left there?
haha no im not that of a looney q: thats like my fav quote from the dark knight
Tweet 1111: ~<U+2665>~ Maybe some day and I can write a song together? Wish upon a star and one in a million dreams do come true.
Remember when it was called "roughage" instead of "fiber"?
Canon launches new printers - Malaysia Star
Thanks so much for your incredibly gracious review of "Founding Rivals."
The best thing about dating a pastry chef is having the greatest breakfasts ever made for you.
"Go panthers! Go panthers!" 'who are the panthers?' ''aren't we the panthers...?" 'We're the lions...'
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is definitely the best British movie of 2011.Gary Oldman, Benedict Cumberbatch and Colin Firth - a dream cast.
#FF Some great people to follow
I'm an Army Vet near the Pentagon. I'm a VET for West. RE-ELECT Congressman West! God Bless him. His COURAGE LEADS!
Who's amped that #Aoki is starting tonight for the #Brewers?!?!? #KAT-TO-BA-SE!!
Good morning nashville!! Are u ready to rock tonight with HINDER and SAVING ABEL?!?! Going to be awesome!! Bring it!!
6 more hours till 25% sale ends last chance!
it might be a phone device issue, i checked other phones on the same family plan and the others have service.
Coffee originated in Ethiopia!
Colts TD baby! Here we go! Stop them Defense!
Awesome! Get the rest of the EP when you can! :)
(spits drink out) HELL NO! PS3 reigns supreme!
Still pissed that we have no fucking pong cups.
SOMETIMES WEN I GET NERVOUS I PUT MY HANDS UNDA MUH ARMPITS *PUTS HAND UNDA PITS AND REMOVES QUIKLY* N I SMEL EM LIKE THIS
are you in on
I was supposed to buy two girls #jordans once, i didnt!
follow me :)
That three!
Had a crazy month
I didn't realize how much I can care less until today. It's nothing like people say...
Maggie ... yet again she blogged puny dimensions
The Grateful Dead is a great case study in contrarian marketing
You're welcome :) I know you work super hard, I hope you get some rest & have some fun.
yeah, its a pretty good starting :) what happened to ur other bls?! --Tip: Longet chapter, and more descriptive stuff (:
Somewhat close to 1k followers.
I've got a lot on my mind this week.
I hardly know you, but Facebook says it’s your birthday, so happy birthday
okay I need my poster,T-shirt. And signature... Love you big Mama!
That moment when you open up an urgent correspondence from your bank . . . and it's actually not an interest rate increase!
hey Esau! I've just been going to school! How have you been? Amanda tells me you her and Tina are always hanging out! Haha
please follow us<U+2665> -Jordan.
Wait!!!! has chili cheese fries!!! Omg I want no I need some!!
That's what we like to see!
Brats and badgers. Good saturday at work.
are you serious? I came in late and like as soon as I got in the door you like couldn't move
People are gawking that I am taking pictures of these shenanigans
My official email address is now only eleven characters long! Totally tweetable:
Gearing up for ASHA! Demos, promos and raffles, oh my! Visit us at Booth 127
Taking a big step today in the way San Diego helps homeless people rebuild their lives with #Connections Housing construction kick off.
yea we're just gonna do whatever we think is dope
torres! Barca gone!
i woke up this morning and thought "why do my legs hurt like i did the stair climber at the gym for 2 hrs…oh, wait."
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -- MLKjr
i luv the video of LOVE ME!!
Dam it was sore yesterday but now I'm good tomorrow again after school
it was 's camera so you'll have to ask him
You are - Donna Lea Simpson! So - do you enjoy writing one type of book more than the others?
Happy to see and and are each having #EarthHour events! Who else in Denver?
Dear : I use sports to escape not augment the drama of everyday life. Quit acting like a high school student council and play football.
Psst... #THATCampGames is coming! Watch for exciting news next week!
most of the time I've seen engaging permanent or engaging staffed, but not engaging temporary and unstaffed...
thank you for the RT!
Ugh don't feel good at all& tired a'f :c
my heart is not a lego, so stop playing with it.
OK OK, I'M UP, MRNG PEOPLE, GETTIN UP & DOING THA DAMN THANG AT T-MOBILE FRM 12-4 , GO 2 ANY LOCATION & TELL THEM, DJ TRINI B. SENT U!!!!
you know what to do beauty! Xo! ;)
Thanks for the retweet!
Our buddy Jamie Lono should be airing tonight or tomorrow on NBC's The Voice! Check it out!!
It went really great! Now we're all punching away at finishing up the time-lapse and getting the photos edited to share!
Prince Rama's Greensboro opener sounds like a Nine Inch Nails dance remix, but with a guy in a bear (dog?) suit & a juggalo playing bongos.
I also may have broken the disposal
The average age of the teachers is 45 years. That is pretty high. I am a little worried about it...we should get some young teachers. [1944]
DJ IRIE @ PLAYHOUSE TONIGHT!!! Message me for more info.
Rockford Fosgate or Kicker?
Follow us back we carry miss me here at freestyle clothing Thanks
Your arms around me tight, everything felt so right
hope you're having fun @ Earthsavers:)
I miss sending packages. Check out my etsy shop. Dirtyslaundry.etsy.com :)
Completely broke down on the train tracks. What's in ur wallet?
People always complain about how there's nothing to do in Omaha. Well then get off your butt and go support local music.
Nothing is as exciting as getting a chance to communicate via twitter with a stud like
I'd like to open a restaurant called No Substitutes, and substitute teachers are not allowed to eat there
um... the swollen purple bruise?
National Bohemian hasn't been brewed in Baltimore City proper since 1978. Then brewing in Halethorpe stopped by 2000. Now brewed in NC.
She fucking the crew
Buffy the vampire slayer marathon. Thank you very much
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO MOVE TO?
thanks!! Was a fun photo shoot!
Great cupcakes at boson Boston!!! Carmel was my favorite!
my pleasure peter! and you've got a big balance in the karmic bank account- keep doing what you do!
In response to something in the lrnchat; not sure what now :)
Your yummy "Ideal Husband" cocktail was created to honor Hope you raise a glass for their TONY Award nod!
RT Jayblowyomind My whole team ball. No NBA all we kno is money it in are DNA
that is why Premeire sent a memory w/ 90+ advertisers that won't place ads on his show + other conservative shows
He slapped down a huge ass dark chocolate peanut butter cup with freaking whipped filling like---you know like moose shit.
hehe that would be fun! You guys work together, right? Maybe I can swing by and we can group lunch?
Can't ask for much more! Gogo innovation.
Are u a building supplier? Join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami, an amazing line up-check here: www.ExchangeEvents.com/builder
Omg I got my first interview right now I'm so nervous lol :|
it was wondeful I have missed u
i know more then ppl think i know !
Please follow me back!!!! Im your biggest fan, you are the man!!!
my dad digs my #classicalmuzik good look pops
You can't do a Dennis Miller joke on twitter.
Registration for UB summer classes is already open! Try "Social Problems" because it's awesome and you get done faster!
january! :) and you will, just keep workin for it!!
Depression: a fancy word to say you're dying inside.<U+200E>
You have a future in editing. But I'm sure you're too smart to do that : )
Grabbed a fun size starbust pack out of the candy bowl at work. Got two #reds. BOO YA! Almost never happens!
I'm telling you, follow , especially if you live in or near the #90065. A lot of programs coming up.
I just love when people steal my mailbox..lmaoo!
And it's time again for another meeting with the leadership council! Lots to discuss! #NOCCBreaktheSilence Walk, for starters!
cool, thanks for the update. And, like I said, great tool
i Loiter you!
Holy crap. I did not like going outside in the storm.
are u still getting them? I've changed my password twice already...
Our twitter feed shows up on our website www.customwigcompany.com now thanks to the talents of Cobalt Spider Web Design!
Yes! I loved it. And The Man Without a Past is one of my favourite films.
It's National Jelly Bean Day on Sunday. We're giving away FREE bags of Surf Sweet's Jelly Beans with each order placed this weekend.
hahah right? Bring me waffles first in CA then they can hook you up in IL?!
I need a DIME! RT : DJ Mike Jones who? Mike Jones
Thanks Gwydion! Will do. RT Here if you need anything!!!!
looking for an inside sales rep manager for a software client in austin
It is for the wise people who delight in humanity, praise justice, despise their flatterers, and respect the truth.
Reuniting with my favorite whittle meatball<3
ahh I see what ya did there
agreed. still haven't watched this week's.
2011.09.18 #Brewers 8 #Reds 1 | Here in final weeks / Brewers win when they have to / sweeping up the Reds
I wouldn't know...
Paul from wonder years for Prez!
When will my daughter sleep through the night? She turned 6 months, and she still wakes up screaming at least twice a night!
Huge thanks to the lunar brewery, esp. Charlie who was awesome to our vixens! We highly recommend a trip out there for the tour alone! :)
Such an amazing turn out at SoCal's first #SummitofFaith!
All I have to say is
Whitney's death is shocking but sad truth is that we all know the effects of drug use.. Not confirmed yet but we all know..
Why do I continue to do this???
#ThingsMyExSaid "baby take me back please" hell no thats the entire point of the "EX" in ex-bf . Sit your sorry ass down !
The #TMNT video is now at over 67,000 views! It was at 38,000 this morning.
And Karla wants to go see Falling In Reverse with me. Yeeeeesssss fun stuff.
planks, running, elliptical, cream of cauliflower soup, jack lalanne meal plan -- all at www.susanefine.com -- please read and comment!
I agree. I'm ready to have sex right now
can u hook us up with some new drops again for the radio show? Red Rose WRSU/88.7fm "R.U. IRIE" Sat. 6-10pm
Game against Navarro has been canceled tmrw and push back to Monday.
RT : One of my favorite reflections : "Top leaders communicate with people, not to people"
Follow!! RT There's now an instagram account for come follow us: DeathofanEra
just heard your interview on ! I miss the Monday Show in SD w/ #ditch on KGB! #41 in ur program #1 in ur heart!
Will be looking to a have a day at training camp!!
engages stakeholders in defining what are meaningful outcomes and indicators of success -- it is generative, iterative.
Bitch sit the fuck down.
Congrats on the win!
Woohoo! Day 1 of interns in the weather department!
Hey! I'm actually part of a Ketchum company in Rockville.
Obama: "it's a boy eat dog world out there"
society as a whole must defend the conceived child's right to life.
Woke up randomly. Didn't know why until I read my TL. I feel like GOD sent that message through just for me.
What are you first impressions of this young Revolution squad? Seems like they are headed in the right direction...
Baby Marcus is getting a Bruins onesie from me if Boston wins tonight's game. (My first official cousaunt gift.)
sing for us please!!
... better about myself. haha
did you ever figure out why that manuscript story you found wasn't published?
yeah you honestly barely feel the plane going up. They do it very gradually. Its NOT scary.
Lmfaoooooooo you a #Fool can't do instagram lol on #RGR W/
looking forward to catching your last show tomorrow night :)
*going around* Dang iPhone autocorrect. I'm going to bed! :(
Seeking entrepeneurial spirited individuals to help us bring health insurance to Indian Country -
thank u! hope u had a good weekend.
Let us knoww
I am a part of all I have read. - John Kieran
never been, but the G2 is a very familiar bus route that runs out/in of DuPont Crcl on P to near there.
First Drawing On June First!!
Haa good one ;)
making spaghetti for DIN!!! YUM!
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty its ALWAYS that crew that start freestylin OVA da damn music .. like NO niggas ..
Super-impressed by amazing students who found amazing meanings in Barthes & Anzaldua today. On to Haraway!
I'm glad, too! Thanks to you and a few other twitter running ladies for the advice/idea!
agree, but it's funny that someone who quit midterm has so much advice for everyone else.
Avoid baths, swimming pools and hot tubs until your incision is completely healed post-surgery.
#dontyouthink were a little old to talk about people behind their backs to try to slander?. Bitches.
It's gorgeous out! On the laptop outside working it! I use to sit in coffee shops on Michigan Ave in the Chi now on my patio w/birds! lol :)
my wife about too kill it <3
My Siri calls me Hunny Bunny. Makes me laugh every time.
My husband is editing a new music video for my band Riddle the Sphinx, & it's looking so awesome! Can't wait to share with you all!
#3WordsForYou Numbers don't lie
: #SanDiego has half as many officers per capita than SF.
I clapped like a retard when I saw him. awesome! however, the cgi on him was shit.
Just trying to get the 411 on Betty Johnson hall...
gotcha call when u get a sec and try to get that number today
Day 2 for Oral History in the Digital Age (OHDA ) meeting in NYC with specialists in video delivery and preservation. I love this stuff!
Nice RT. Flash made me feel incompetent yesterday. Temporarily.
Agreed! #Tacky RT ": Kickers with tatts = no, no"
The awkward moment when you get into one little fight and your mom gets scared and makes you move in with your auntie and uncle in Bel-air.
The end of another great week at SSC! Have a safe and enjoyable weekend!
Where, oh where, is the chocolate?
#UFC144 okay your not damaged alright?...Akiyamas corner lol
Hey Santorum- wouldn't the answer to children being born out of wedlock be more birth control?
Club status tonite the stage will be rockin
#Cueto stepping in to claim another complete game!
Things that make you a Fake Ass Photographer. Take your camera everywhere you go; people will associate you with the camera.
I'm the luckiest girl in the world.
Depends on the hat.
Seriously in love with the JamBox! Stunning sound.
absolutely love it, well done! Agree that its simplicity is what makes it so amazing, the words speak for themselves.
Combos, a Kit Kat and Dr. Pepper.
Jason Whitlock confirmed for 3 different variations of dumb.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What's on tap for tonight?/ Roxanne
Come hang at Capital Grille - here until 7p. Grab a $50 #Tappers gift card while supplies last.
It's time for a Change
Clickbank Secret - How To Make Money Overnight
“: Carroll, Edgewood, and UW-Whitewater still alive.” Good #d3h in WI, & not just in the wiac.
she lovin the crew
Yep... It's that kinda night...
These dumbasses keep missio the bus.
Just got home from painting my cousin's house lol soo much paint.
he send that homie?
im deporting u to israel
#SundanceFilmFestival this week? Davinci Winterfest next week? Are you coming?
": Elizabeth is making you a surprise! :)"smh at Elizabeth
hi buddy
“: Bout to get wit the fam in the land!!!” come out to Northfield
Here at Monroe it is still 2-0 Milton in the bottom of two.
anyway, was nice to see you again even if it was very briefly:D
hahaha did he ever ask you about that?
CNBC folks talking about billions of dollars of wealth "being created" by #FacebookIPO. What if the price goes down?
Study time!
Another pair of sorties today - not a bad Saturday!
Multiple regression analyses were utilized to analyze data regarding the predictor effects of
WTF I want to be able to follow more people!
looking good and putting on a great show, good luck with your up coming endeavor and come back strong.
Had so much fun and learned a TON from our call with last night! Stay tuned for next month's info on our series...
OMG It's been such a long time since i tweeted T_T
Are you attending the Stars & Stripes Baseball Tourney in Orlando on Dec 27-Jan 1?
Ditto--very sharp! RT : Loving the new years eve marketing
hey good girl .
Follow the amazing !
That was how you went undefeated with SF in Tecmo Super Bowl back in the day.
u have..no one has responded to me.. I need followers..haha!!!
Lots of press on Sen Lugar's defeat - bigger loss in Indiana yesterday was in NBA. Magic went down to Pacers to end Magic's season
Show at Lilly's tonight! We'd love to see you there!!
Free yogurt at all 5 Yogurtland locations. Celebrate National Yogurt day!
4 #omf tweeted the same thing :o
Mike Greenberg just called Louisville little brother on Mike & Mike
Can u tell me about Monte Carlo,I didn't c it yet.
The world's first website dedicated to fighting world hunger through one for one nutrition bars has launched!!! lovecrunch.org
What are the best social network sites, tweets, blogs, etc. for Furman U info?
You love to dance to it. We love to play it. Just Wanna Play is our name, and our motto!
Especially because his position on this stuff is very staked out and milquetoast and it doesn't exactly hurt to broadcast it.
yep i think so XD
yo, just wanted stop by n say u doin it right!Money ain't always #1.Lotta cats don't get dat. www.thekeyplayerz.com show goes on
if you're not really into that, that is. either way, good luck!
About to watch kill it at #ASDT2012 sales training without the stress!
I figured you would
Card readers are too expensive still without money from the U. We're looking at clickers, since most students have them.
RT Some people may have a hard time getting into the Christmas spirit when it's 75 degrees outside - not me! (HIWI)
Haha i think its so sick that "The Korean Zombie" Chan Sung Jung entrance song is Zombie by The Cranberries :p
Hey, thanks for the RT. :)
What's truly amazing is that it takes an appearance on an award show for the general public to "discover" a true talent.
Sometimes I learn I've been singing the wrong lyrics for years when I hear songs sung differently on glee
whats up how u been?
Just cast my vote! Please participate; nothing worse than seeing the potential we have squandered due to a lack of leadership.
Anxiously awaiting for the new ABC schedule to arrive
tired of looking
my FB seems to have "lost" it- please resend!
Dear Directionators . Just Letting You Know im Typing This With My Middle Finger .
Sorry to hear that. Too early. My Dad dies 15 years ago, and I still miss him. It gets easier, though. Stay strong.
I'm not even hungry. I want an ice cold ass drink and some peaceful ass sleep.
Great is thy faithfulness!
coworker called be she will be out tomorrow, didnt want me to freak out about a project we need to finish. haha, i dont freak out anymore.
Go avs. Love that hockey gonna be on soon.
p.s. your avatar is terrifying
RT : Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
please do RT : for real! btw my fav #brewers hashtag is #fearthebeer so you should jump on that bandwagon!
The things I like about DNB: 1) 2 wins at 9f, 2) he's fast enough on TG + Beyer to be dangerous, 3) training well.
Wishing you all a Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year!
I cant with u today lmao RT : did someone say nuts?
this whole series is great. Thanks for making my Friday.
Still hear people spending hours to reschedule cancelled flights. Drag and drop your calendar appt to change travel plans
": why da hell u gone upload a picture then caption it "omg im ugly" ? what the hell u upload it for then?" I HATE that shit
you're weird as fuck. fall back.
#CoorsField games are fun in July. Not so much on April nights.
RT Welcome and thanks.
as soon as I mold & cast it darlin, ill be sure to link u! etsy.com/shop/aladdin82
shoot! Would be fun to hang with you there!
You said "wood."
We now have the cover for the first book in the "The Girls" series, "The Girls and the Strawberry Fountain". Hope you like it! :)
Who knew building a social media and broadcasting platform was so much hard work?!? I seriously need to add to my team... I'm listening... …
Eagles of Death Metal and Miller Lite... I can dig it
how did they get access to the morgue? Oh snap, you meant the other Whitney didn't you ???
I am a host! I can't be a server until I'm 19 or else I would! But ill be there :)
And in case that last tweet wasn't clear: Howard was referring to us and #beertowndpdc in his article. Thanks Howard!
Psyched. The Mayhem: Roan's Story will be an audiobook-- the reader, yours truly!
“: haha watch out Max, Uncle Denis might replace you! Lol #UncleDenisTheWanted” LOL
Graduate ... That All I Really Wana Do
Maybe drs get them from pharmaceutical companies as incentives to prescribe their drugs? Based on watching Love & Other Drugs..
I think it has a special meaning that Friday and Fridge start with the same letters ! :P
Your being crazy : $
If ur name is Ceasar, I wouldn't hang around any ppl named Brutus today..... Beware the Ides of March sayeth the soothsayer......
Fastest growing community in SE Michigan is Arab American
Today's the White House Science Fair! Join virtually by tweeting with Bill Nye (everyone's favorite ) at #WHChat. AWESOME.
Plat du Jour: Coq au Vin - slow-cooked, free-range chicken prepared with red wine, mousseline potatoes and winter vegetables, $23
Giving Blood!
well unfortunately for her, I'm 20 and I can do what I want :D And I dig the serial killer thing :p
Glad Minnesota got its shit together.
Highly Recommends: Wireworld Stratus Power Conditioning Cord in August issue. 5 Star. Strong dynamics. Hi detail resolution
Goodbyes make me dream ~
MARTY! PERFECT! Flurry/Philly goalies can learn a thing from him. Series all tied up.
agreed. we'll get through this together
Thank you for the RTs and !
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Levi Shall Beget Another
Ima make sure my summer be fun & wild! Drama free, like always :) '
Listening to MITT ROMNEY speech I felt nauseated. At this stage of the game I know I cannot become pregnant. Hell Mary! I would be rich.
is it normal for me to have not understood most of that? If your keyboard is missing keys, let me know and I'll mail them to you.
Lots of developments after SXSW. Will send a longer update soon.
What are your best BOOK MARKETING TIPS? Time's are changing, have you?
I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service
- collects data on #financial behavior of #BoP #microbiz to create credit scores & transparency
you might need a dog. they create their own issues, but crumbs will not be left on your floor.
So I've finally joined Twitter. How does this thing work?
Some people are easier to talk to than others. I like the easier, nice ones.
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them now text me asap $25 per Ticket 480-352-0903
Hope everyone had a good weekend.. Enjoy the
Practice at 6am
.dvoors just announced that he has man crush on
Trotz is a great. Any other team would have played Radulov & Kostitsyn. No prima donnas in Nashville & Inspired play from the D.
That's like depending on Mendoza to miss bats.
Completed book in about 24 hours. Must read for any #buckeye fan.
so we've all got our sushi rolls named after us, what is yours...is it just "Boobs" or 414Boobs???
Now, does this mean it is officially completed for launch or has reached gold status in pre-order numbers?
RT : Just a reminder the Performing Arts Festival is this Saturday from 1-5! Don't forget to come out and support you COF...
Not sure if I've ever seen Luol cheese so hard.
duh I sent you a message!!
thanks! Likewise nice meeting you!
I need an iTunes card right now.
Trying to work while the foundation is being leveled. Hammering is distracting, and the whole process is making me a bit anxious.
Also, can I please announce to the world that I am having an *excellent* hair day today?
Great win today!!
Let's go rangers let's get a win
Hope to get to DHS today!
Soon off to mixer! Can't wait to catch up w/ & more!
Thanks for the mention!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 45
what you meen ??? Googly tweets ???
congrats for being fast. hope to see another 88/2 1 2 finish this week with 88 winning this time
WTF this weather sucks. If I could have fell back asleep after my alarm, I would NOT have drove to the gym in this junk.
will email u
Spending the evening watching Desperate Housewives. What are you doing?
Mane WTF?! *turns off tv*
I was gonna go! But he got a gf, so I decided to let her go instead!
This fucking machine would die right before I get to go home..and I have to wait for it to charge
leftover sausage, cooked pasta, fresh tomato-chopped, fresh basil, cream, nutmeg, salt , pepper - combine, cook until thick - serve, enjoy
RT : He's a bitch! Ya I said it!!! #edc RT : any relation to KungFu Panda?
Morning Joe is terrible w/out no balance, cant watch
your black i dont communicate with your kind
- I'll Always Be Here For You No Matter What Happens, I'll Never Give Up On You, iPromise.<3
Great, thanks!
Definitely need the tape recorder by the bed! That only goes so far, tho - it can't record what you create IN dreams.
The Compound Effect is a VERY good read. Highly recommend it if you're looking to multiply your success one step at a time.
that sounds lovely!
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould I would be in heaven every day(:
...also wouldn't be surprised too see an OF of Braun, Gomez and Aoki.
Over/under how many times a day you think Dunlap searches his name on Twitter. 8.
wuzupppp twitter world
Thanks for the heads up! xo
“Cody is experienced in many areas of real estate investing- tax lien and tax deed investing & internet marketing, a pleasure to work with.”
Swans are 1of the many marvels created by God. Beautiful SiteSwan sites are 1 of the many marvels created by Smart Publishers.
Time remembered is grief forgotten and frosts are slain and flowers begotten,blossom by blossom spring begins again.
Looking forward to seeing you at 2!
so when is the #playframework 2.0 final coming out?
remember pay phones?
Yes it is! And it's important to remember that the Puget Sound region will play a key role in future Alaskan development.
Today 1986, Triumph hits #27 with "Somebody's Out There".
between #puppies, #babies and now the cool features on iphone os 4, i've had an emotional hour. it's been so exciting... i need a nap.
Home from school very early! Feel horrible! :(
P.S. I now have an irreversible urge to be called 'Ma'Lady' and have someone dress me every morning
What attraction do you like in Louisville? Tweet us at
About to watch a good movie with my great pal :D
Does anyone know if the boys have Instagram.? If they do, please let me know what they are! Thanks,,(:
bet #CEOUniversity is gonna kick ass!
When is true #RandB gonna come back?!?
haha yes! maybe you can teach me how to shuffle haha :D okay goodnight! :)
When will the film schedule be up? Can't seem to find it on the #FloridaFilmFestival site. Help!
Finally got my 1 month old husky he's so cute with blue eyes!(:
It was a fair movie. :)
#Weatherization second in #RecoveryAct Jobs for 4Q2011! Get out the message that Weatherization Works!
Just tell them your name. The rest of it will be taken care of.
Why is Titanic back in the theatres?
Work, work, work. That's all my life consists of.
Fuck it, just gonna do something else ^.^
don't like
Quote of the day from KELLY PERINE "I like to only surround myself with people who actually get sh*t DONE"
Things are about to get started. J_markert at 6 at market wine bar then goodness all over town with
No Giants player has 3 rings. Tom Coughlin has 3 as a coach.
Dr. Walter Farrell ladies & gentlemen
Oh kay about to get the party started early.... oh yea tonite is the nite.... im going there.... lets go
#Yankees closer Robertson put on
Viewed some art at Hellion gallery now listening to poetry at Ace Hotel. Look at me go!
And do something you couldnt do , like be true
Can't be a king if yu gotta castle made outta sand
#Houston! Tonight! Joker's got tickets to The Royal Comedy Tour for tomorrow night at the Reliant Arena! !
Paul Kornerko got smacked with an 85 mph fast ball just below his eye...
the dc campus and thanks. :-)
Updating my social media guide for farmers for a conference on Sunday. Any new tips, sites or trends? Adding
please follow me!! Ill be soo happy & ill love you forever if u follow me!!!!:D PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! :)
I wish he would come to mine.
all that to say, I don't think you need it.
great discussion on leadership to close #erl12 - thanks all organizers, presenters and supporters!
-- really makes us look weak and lame. I actually applaud Crean/AD for standing their ground.
Well done USA, well done.
#stickshifters are always a
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLZ I WATCHED YOUR USTREAM MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE & please follow me also i love yall both
great pizza piece in nytimes food section today.... just sayin'
My request? Come to our tailgate! Life is good today...
let me know if you get anything else. i think i fixed it
I am grateful for peace and quiet in my hometown Library. One of the things that makes America Great. Support ur local library
Man up anthem!
RIP Haters of Justin Bieber is trending! Show the haters #Beliebers are UNSTOPPABLE!
I love you too nd talking too you(:<3
#Imagine You and Austin taking a vacation to Italy.
I've never seen anyone eat a sheet of seaweed, like if it candy... that's interesting.. girl in front of me, is going to town on it. Haha
Magic Word: Wisconsin! RT : RT How does it go from 95 and humid to mid 50s n raining? Come on Wisconsin
That was taken August 1. I'd had a makeover, and felt like a million bucks. :)
Decided it would best to keep copyright in bk for now in case we want to do more editions. Will propose a more permissive copyright notice.
“I hope U find joy is the great things in life - but also in the little things. A flower <U+2740> a song <U+266A> a butterfly on your hand.”<U+270C>—Ellen Levine
Just got off of work! Yes (: So what's going on tonight?
If college football is banned, maybe the UAA will finally add a men's soccer team.
I'm a hermit
Capital tour and just had a photo with Kohl.
Big Shout To The Homie Happy BDay My G!!
She playing crazy!
Come see us at Booth #232 at #ipw12 with ! Having a great time with , though thinking that they need here!
BALL'N TIL I FALL OUT...DAYUM!!!
back in the running game, minus one injured knee, plus a new pair of running shoes. :)
There are just wrongs that never go away, I look forward to the day that all things are made right.
"I'll feel ya up like my little fuckin turtle."
Is there an example historically where military rule works in the interest of the people…I have grave concerns for Egypt.
In DC for #cildc Ping me! I'm free for dinner or drink tonight, like right now! Only have 2hrs tho
p.s. thanks to my personal graphic designer for the awesome public/private graphic! Took my #prezi to another level :)
we make eachother laugh our asses off . Your praise for my humor and all things zubaz is appreciated kind sir
...just don't play games on the tarmac...
It is way to cold for baseball.
show what latina's can do looking fab at the
just passed your building on the way to show
hey! that's the jam!
Why am I tweeting about this? haha ah kbye
Redirecting my focus on pursuing my career as a marriage, family and child therapist! Hello new industry :)
The Alzheimer's Association commends the Obama administration for dedicating new resources in the fight against Alzheimer's.
Hoes thirst for attention. Women demand respect.....
Hopefully Gus will call Dyer-Cat ever 3rd (or 4th) and short...because we've seen how successful that is.
ill just delete my twitter...
San Antonio: Upper disturbance will combine with T-storms in west Tx to give us a chance of rain Tues morning. Today: Clouds/Sun, High 84.
I installed and dl'ed the action method planner thingy from Behance, love at first to-do list, seriously awesome for creatives...
#NP Arty - Twilight Tonight (Arty Remode Edit)
Hott, I like the track. Keep making good music.
I'll make you tea. If you tap my follow button. (: <3
My kitchen looks like crime scene oh god
Thinks you should drop what yu are doing and listen to the Sly Stone show on wtju.net or 91.1 locally!
happy birthday wwe universe...
that's actually really good advice I'm gonna do that
Happy Monday TwitterLand:)
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around springtime. -Joel Garcia
probably best in that order, too: touch-screen, then cheese sticks :P
My eyes are burning.
why are you quitting!
Thanks to all of you who checked out my three videos I just put out!!! YouTube.com/JamesPatrickHipHop
We do alot of African American authors on the show, so there will be another opp. DM your details - it would be great to have you on
You're not right
um...are u at work? Better be, bc I called no answer, but I see tweeting! Lol! Jk! Xoxo!
Right back at ya!
Technical difficulties with livestream of Commission's public input hearing. We are working to fix it.
RT Thanks for the follow. To learn from some real masters, follow:
Thank you Nica :) I shall begin following you right now! Have an awesome day! :-)
Wasn't Palin supposed to get women to vote Republican 4 years ago? We saw where that strategy went!
RT : It's runway day!
Coach Kobe is trending. Plz be a good thing
Chicks be going with some ugly ass niggaz lol
Playing Sunset Towers (Tower Bar) tonight, in duo, 7:30. I'll look for signs of the Vanity Fair Oscar party...
Willing to bet that this renovation to Byrd is a turf field with Under Armour logos...
Fondat Garden. Wow amazing, funny, and amazing drama. Jungmin Oppa you are so cute, adorable and funny ^^ <U+2665><U+2665><U+2661><U+2661>
she is a black and gold kitty. maybe she thought it was a newport.
Dang it.. now I am feeling a little sic about that fried yardbird I ate for lunch...
when are we supposed to re-do that thing?
Yep, it's still $6.99 (US store price, other stores have a similar price).
how could top girls recruit go to iowa despite playing in such a magical place like the kohl center as a junior?
heading to the last pre-production meeting for the JAZZ FEST!!!! ALLYN JOHNSON TONIGHT!!!!!!
As in, you two could be in different rooms and ocassionally leave to pop into the others screen, lol
“: I'm not saying shes a whore.... all I'm saying is that shes been on more weiners than heinz ketchup” lol
applications are getting easier to fill out lol wish jobs were to get though lol
happy birthday!!
Thx for the great insights tonight at ! Let's hope we need the hiring part more than the firing part :)
DealShow starts now! Get your #deal on with a ton of great new items for super low prices, many starting at just $1 or 2! www.dealshow.com
~curious if either side has stopped 2 think about how this lockout is affecting those part-time employees of the NBA arenas?
TY xo : webvocalcoach You are both so positive...thank you for all of the valuable info you share! Planning next LA...
Dear scientists, How are the cyborg experiments going? I am ready for a new left calf, because my current one hates me. Regards, Aaron
We had a great weekend at the Winter Retreat! Seeing this generation being the hands and feet of Christ is beautiful.
thank yu ...i hope yu the same
Why do ppl like beer. That shit is nasty.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves. Henry David Thoreau
you're clever :)
LA tonight, Vegas tomorrow
Too many fish in the sea to trip over one dat got away
When I repent I realize that the thing that had me last year will not have me this year.
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk who they r or where theyre comin frm.can u possibly tell me
text me!
are you running latest ver of WP? did you install any new plugins?
Thank you for all of the compliments on the spots. Wait for the next one in the 3rd quarter!
Not ashamed to admit I am addicted to this show lol
Jamba Juice always sounded like that wetness left on the aerobics floor.
Will do! I owe you an email. Will reach out today!!
How about coaches? RT : Any other GMs keep their jobs after missing the playoffs 4 of the last 5 seasons?
Playing with my new thunderbolt phone!
excited to see u again,and hear a word. Love u bro
Just saw Brent Morel gettin his lunch on the off day. I refrained from telling him my thoughts on his hitting
Visit us at booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband! Fight #Pancreatic Cancer!!!
Brian Matusz gets his first victory since June 6, 2011, ending a span of 14 starts without a victory.
We had a great time at Donnelly's last night for Drink Local Month! Follow to see what other beers will be featured this month!
Why is on ESPN?!
Our Relationship Is .. Retarded . :D But Babee I'll ALWAYS Be There For You. You Already Know!
I wish shit didn't annoy the fuck out of me so easily.
dont act like it doesnt get to you.
Chris Mullin much bigger star from childhood through college andNBA, love has been a surprise, no one believed he would grt
Follow me? e
ok bye
T-MINUS 7 DAYS TIL T-PARTY WITH TAY !!!
you're brewing up some mighty high expectation of your caffeination over there mister.
I see you way in the back!! I'm to your left, about 5 rows from the back. Hello!
Having a bad habit is like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
Beg me to pick up shifts for you..so I do yet you can't pick up for me. Another reason I'm quitting that hell hole.
makeover magic time. clear concealer. :o yayyyyy notorange skin.
damn wat class is that so i can avoid it next semester lol
When I don't see you, I'm perfectly fine and I can move on. But the second I see your face, I'm back to wishing you were mine again.</3
hollyy pop how do you doo that!
always ay my job haha! I've been working a lot of nights lately so I've been MIA! my apologies! <U+E403>
": Thank your sis for her service. My sis gave 8 years; tremendous sacrifice." 20 yrs for my sis ;)
Wait. I didn't know the fan club is meeting today!
thank you for letting me know I'm putting out good stuff.
#Chlamydia often has no symptoms - in men or #women! Important to get tested every year to avoid more serious problems!
#cowx Raining in Aurora
Watching A-Team the movie when did this come out?
Highly danceparty friendly. Even if it is a dance party for one.
Really? I'm awake NOW? I barely slept three hours! What is wrong with you, body?
m wow "Can we measure competencies?" awesome frame. Put that on the agenda for an upcoming chat. A: Y & N. Depends :)
I'm not set on either a buffet type or sit down, either would be fine! Preferably just somewhere that takes reservations.
Be kind to one another. It helps get through the problems of the day.
I'm at the mall and #chasingthesun video is playing on the screen...definitely a sign !
wondering why my wireless isn't working, and am connected to my modem for the first time in a long time.
im bored
Yup, put it on a plate with a little water, poke it with a fork and nuke it for 10 minutes.
imma watch it with you
did you listen to it
Don't be afraid of showing affection. Be warm and tender, thoughtful and affectionate. Men are more helped by sympathy than by service....
So do we and let us know if you would like us to help in their development.
Heey every1. So ik I havent been on here in forevvvvveeeer, but I just went on tweet limit on my personal so imma tweet on here 2night
Paramount Pictures is making all previous "Mission: Impossible" movies available on Facebook for $2.99 in a promo for the franchise's lates…
Thanks & happy new year!
stop posing as me
TITLE TOWN Soul & Funk Party is TONIGHT! Guest DJ's from Austin, Texas in the house! Soul & Funk 45s all night long! Doors @ 9pm. $5
IF HEAVEN EXISTS WHAT WOULD U LIKE HEAR GOD SAY WHEN YOU ARRIVE AT THE PEARLY GATES? TO EVERYONE =]
In 2011 more #smartphones were bought in the U.S. than PC’s. Why are you emailing your customers instead of sending them #text alerts?
- give it some time. :)
My cousin got #RingOfRed picked it up from some girl at the bowling after a long night of slow gin fizz and Thin Lizzy Karaoke.
if u like the song, make sure u follow
I'm serious he's coming the 8th
Hi! We're doing pro bono work with Scottish Rite Need social/fashion bloggers to attend and support an event. Interested?
i want to make an account with the name "mon" and have fb request you poke it.
Kill! Kill! Kill! Fake Blood! Real Semen!
I hate politics! And I do not use the word hate very often...
“The only disability in life is a bad attitude.”
Dallas has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
do you wanna the lucky one on Sunday?! #zacefronlove <3
I have no life
And went 0-2 against the #Badgers!
Almost ran into a bunny today.1st thing i thought of was u drunk yelling at some girl about bein a effin Vet tech
Thanks - I'll check it out - Jorn
beat after a night of kicking it with friends and celebrating a birthday...now it's kick my feet up Sunday...
thats right... #Green&Yellow
Whenever I can get it in! Between a startup and family, I have to switch the schedule around to accommodate
Thanks a lot for the tweet.
It's OK to have differing beliefs. Embrace the differences, love those who oppose you, & enjoy that which makes each person unique.
Actually, I love France and *need* to live in Paris, but I love the phrase "Curse the French!"
Getting a little help from Home Depot Founder, Pat Farrah. Hoping it goes as well as our last venture!
The new White Stripes movie is f-n beautiful.
they say i need to grow up. but those people are trying to be younger. so im not listening.
. I can't reveal the #Olivella #wine but it's from Central Italy. mentioned it's often in Lacryma, too.
#Nats phenom Stephen Strasburg to make 2nd rehab start tomorrow, @ Pfitzner stadium in Potomac. Tix already sold out
*Wink* thank u ;) RT hope you wake up feeling better, thanks luv and have some rest...luv u
Whatever happened to Imma call you back..........? -____-
I already deleted it !
if I can't say anything nice, I shouldn't say anything at all.
Wishing women all around the world a Happy International Women's Day! As the Spice Girls would say "Girl Power". Let's keep moving forward x
I use to have this handheld video football game as a kid that sounded exactly like this Oscars' microphone feedback.
made me smile.
Occupancy guidelines may apply. Add'l fees may apply & will be disclosed per governing laws and company policies.Banner Property Management,
Happy Birthday to my older sister i love you nigger, happy 18th birthday c:
assuming you're watching FOx Sports Wisconsin, then I think I have a decent idea of what those exclamation points were for.
Hey Samantha! Are you at #PLA?
“: Oberon, Oberon.....NOW pouring Oberon on draft! Come see us tonight :)"
40 year olds that refer to their mom as mommy...
Our grants always seem to take till the very last minute.
yay, welcome to DC! :)
thanks for being a part of this!
I thought that had to be Fran's!
RT : Lmao you know you my mans RT : I see got jokes today!!!-->lol, that #assault has me right though!!
Out of my 529 followers none of you followed !? Wow
I think my goal for 2012 is to be a kettle one brand ambassador.
I could go for some pancakes right about now
RT : Any wrk frustration I may have had is elimn by the fact that I'm strtng my piece w/a cat playing the piano.
Is it ok to have wine shipped to work? My cat doesn't have the opposible digit to sign for it.
the english language and syntax is a beautiful thing
Final 4.......here we come!!! Beware cards, your next!!!!
Anything is possible... Buy I still don't think I'll ever be able to successfully brush my teeth left handed.
Venue confirmed the Theater in #Station North #Baltimore, a great spot has all we need (check!)
Smfh so annoying
i still cant stop thinking how this girl made her a fake moe on her face i was in the bathroom like thats cute gurl
Hell is an eternity of ironing dress pants and folding fitted sheets while Kanye West & Nicki Minaj rap about what a poor job you're doing.
T-T Raw you dont know who you fucking with
got you twet so yall can link up
I miss him something bad right now!!:(((
hahaha aww thanks! Hooray for people named Leah! (and Steve and Jessica)
you and me both
. Know what? You're a rockstar, no matter what. Have an awesome first day at FAU! It's going to be a great summer!
I ain't had them in a grip lol I might just by some this weekend lmao
Quit being such a Cox.
“ WHERE MY FREAKY ASS LADIES”
please... you weren't even born when I became a Maxwell fan...lol I'm an R&B girl period!
This halftime show could be a #Stefon bit from snl. There are roman soldiers, tightrope dancers...
1. thx for all you do, 2. How about dismantling Senior Care? That issue is understated. 3. Happy Birthday!
Red mango just came out with new flavors. I must go and try them. Like all of them.
So bored What to do... la la la, ima wright a song yeah!!
Y solo hace BOOM,BOOM,BOOM.
it tasted like someone forced a bacon cocktail.
Seriously considering leaving a voicemail of this guy talking.
takes village to bring hope via chapel: Mennonites last thur, Richmond Hill Church of God friday, Central Bible Chapel tonite. Yay churches.
let me speak to my publicist and my hair stylist - then the shoot can go forward
you have a blackberry, I'm sure you can figure it out big boy.
My brothers friends are going through my crap-.- like no bitch .
yes yes i did
This is perfect smokin weather
management positions prolly wont be open for a minute.
Going to bed!:)GoodNight Twitter world!!!:)
brittney's new roommate >>
Me & Tried To Go To Amsterdam, But They Threw Us In Guantanamo!
Deb, a little last minute but would you be interested in speaking at a event tomorrow at noon? bit.ly/rpAtsk
Got my mom Burberry - The Beat perfume for her birthday and she really likes it!! :D She's picky about perfume... then again, who isn't
why yes, ETSU, i will gladly accept the Edna Harrison scholarship :)
Feels like Sunday is almost over with this stupid time change. :(
SINGLE! Who can change that!?(:
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. ~William James
Just hobnobbed with the ALA elite in Jim's suite. OMG what an interesting bunch... ;-)
hey GM!
Thank you SO much for the follow. Just a question, do you ever check your dms?
Mom bought me Treseme 'Dry Shampoo' the other day. Turns out, that sh*t really works!
Sugar's "If I Can't Change Your Mind" is one of the greatest jingle-jangle pop songs EVER.
Turn up the Music hw does that even work?? RT ceebeelah My neighbors listen to good music. Whether they want to or not! -__-
I need #Followers #Teamfollowback!!
just told u "ur music changed my life" at JTree. U the man. Hope u get my 'forever young braclet'
Except the RINO and Paul.
Crossing the border back into the US after an extraordinary week of sailing with Terry Noreault in Desolation Sound.
The Avengers is going to make $200 million this weekend. John Carter has been placed on suicide watch.
Murray St will have plenty of fans in blue in Louisville for that matchup if it happens.
Big shout out 2 Mike McClure, Julie Mendez, Holly Morse-Ellington & Tiesha Coleman who will be telling "We are Family" stories tonight.
I signed up for spring classes: "Cataloging" and "Database Management" oh joy!
I think Moom could qualify for the best $5 I've ever spent on software.
Is it sad that all the "parties" i've ever been to were birthday parties..
Today has been fucking weird
Girls stop doing the duck face... it never has and never will be attractive
Alright Huskies. Let's do this.
New avi...#nomake-up, how it look???
Liz :D
I miss you n i cnt believe your out of my life :'(
FAMINE IN AFRICA -WE THE PEOPLE MUST GET INVOLVED!
Tower of terror ! #yeahbuddy ;)
ewww in ya house?
and then after that we can have a jack off contest and see who wins that.
Girls take forever to use the restroom ... Waiting lol nbd
hello again. listening to music, writing, and thinking. this is good.
Shout out to all the baby daddies who takin they kids to chuckie cheese today cuz they was with that BITCH n her kids
RT : Marmol is headed to DL. Going to Chicago for an MRI.
WISH IT WUD WARM UP!
Does anyone know why eggs are tied in with a holiday predicated on Jesus' returning to life?
Milwaukee's Best Happy hour! Yes best! Ask Ben the bartender to tell you how to win a free cocktail party for you and your friends
Thanks, all!“: CONGRATULATIONS to 3 YART members who won TASL Blog Awards! Leigh Ann Jones, Pamela Thompson, & Jill Bellomy! ”
Definition of "in the zone" RT : Wow. RT : Hamilton has five homers and a double in his last six at-bats.
We were very thankful for your services. We appreciate your behind-the-scenes help!
"Would you...would you mind?"
HERE BLAINE, I TWEETED!
do you think Julius Randle ends up in Blue and White??
great!!! Thanks
After months of scandal, as many as 300 people are expected to attend tonight's meeting in #SunlandPark to select and appoint a new mayor.
wanna come off strong cause too many people wanna get me. but you know I do what I gotta do. Just like you, I get lonely too
okay, the reviews are pretty good and I love Zac Braff but now I refuse to watch the movie in spite of you :P
RT : I'm tired of losing my best guy friends due to psycho girlfriends.
wow...shauna needs a MAN wants me and j to pimp for her...
Bringin a ol' famalam dub tape for him to sign #cucumberSLICE RT : was your DJ... Tomorrow night, COIN(S).
justinbieber you never notice me?
ok bro~
you too Jeffrey!
Well when is your spring break and we get discounts and staying at a family's house (:
Who is contact for the C St NE sidewalk project? On North side of 1200 blk, crews laid new brick over leaking water main.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn’t think you wanted
Are there plans to expand bike lanes in Jax & is it possible to make existing ones more visible to drivers?
on it's way!
Way to make collin jealous Patti ha love you
What are you doing? Request a song! 617-573-8324
At turner hall with my Mom for tony and tinas wedding, this is hilarious!
i heard that shit was coming!they said countyline was only gonna be slow till the first of the year tho
how are ya
Me and rep'n
To all my wonderful followers please bare with me and allow me the time to follow you back. Twitter only allows so many. I will follow asap.
I can actually play today lol
WELP. At least no one else got injured? Moral victory? No? Okay.
do you have any resources to help me find online PR grad programs?
i love favorite girl live version!! OMB OMB
My follows to followers ratio is all fuccd up
#bookcover designer in the making #graphicdesign #typography etc. I will soon post a rough of my book cover
Mac Miller, B.O.B. Hopsin (Old) Wiz>>>>
ALGF to many people looking to take profits early. Still watching to see if the .0010s get hit.
hahah so sketchy.
Whenever you're not around, we say really nice things about you.
Currently listening to Sleigh Bells didn't think I'd like them but I actually like them a lot.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Go beat them silly Packers! 9-0 in the first quarter.
There's a king cobra, one of the most dangerous snakes in the world, one bite and I'm dead,,,,,, I'm gonna pick it up
“: d1inc210” alright I'll give ya a call tonight when I log on
I'm all for it!
Taking traing to Boston today. I love the train. Saw the sunrise. Have power and Internet. Life is good.
Mark Trumbo has insane power.
GSA meeting today at noon in the Graduate Lounge (JO 3.930), or on Twitter with hashtag #utdgsa. See you there!
Tell me why I freakin thought a dog was following me, but it was my keys dangling tha whole time! #ThatSlowMoment ™
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be a hobo..... >.>
#NewArrivals in the form of markdowns for Men (denim, trousers, s/s shirts). Select lugguge markdowns, all expandable in 19", 22", 25".
better be its charging now(:
Man, this weather can suck it!
I working it out in this gym today
Thats awesome! What a great week to go. Are you staying at school for the summer?
The internet will.catch you.up tisk tisk tisk
Portland has to be desperate tonight.
I fucking hate my school! APOLLO HIGH SCHOOL! SUCKS ASS!!!! t-.-
Made 's Chocolate Silk pie for 18th anniversary & it is PHENOM! Best choc pie I've ever had, #vegan or not. Like rich choc mousse!
Hahaha sounds good buddy you just lmk
Someone busier than you is exercising right now.
thats why I got rid of dish
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting today at 5 come out to support. Room 304 in the admin
#norwell the rent has come due.
early early.....more tests? Or results?
next year, we're turning our room into a pillow/blanket fort.
- 5 Highly Acidic Foods... beef, pork, dairy, processed grains, alcohol
i am ready to date you now #williamlevy. #DWTS :)
#HowToGetRejected if you ask for a naked pic of a lady .;
Installed Pinterest App Landing page Check it out... Click Pinterest button above, to see some of our client work!
Are you moving to NY?!
I will do, we have a great organic chap just down the road.
"wholism is a waste of space" Bill Williams on boundaries making knowing meaningful
Walking around my house while eating nachos #becauseican ;)
doing big things
taking me for a night want you to make me feel like me the only girl in the world
Getting (some sobering) updates on the status of CSS3 modules from
paul, meet johnny. he would like to shoot. i believe he might have already sent in a note.
DJing the Fairfield High School after prom tonight! Definitely going to be a fun night!!
Pardon my mistake - it's between L and M on *21st St NW*... no photo. But you can't miss it! It's across the entire street.
Thanks! No worries about not keeping up, I know it's not easy. 17-13 right now with one conference game left.
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she listened to the songs I have on my ipod. I have lots of love/sex music and she still thinks idk about sex...LOL
To whoever says majors in the com school are easy: take web design and then get back to me.
Attending Technology Services World conference this week in Santa Clara
thanks amber :) <3 much love
LOL ,Until they cry -_- When theyre all innocent and happy its like "AWWW." OMG when they laugh :'D
Thanks :) RT happy mothers day(:
im not sure how u can be conscious and like lebron. hes good at basketball. thats it. Never will/should get credit for his skill.
Thanks for following me! =)
I don't give a shit what anyone says, I found that opening musical number delightful.
Follow us for a chance to win several gret Spring Break Giveways.
you are awesome!!! Thank you so much!!
I'm on a bastard Detox :( Where do you work?
The new zbb album makes me want to haul somethin
exact same... ima hit you up when im in town
DON'T TEMPT US!
Thanks for the follow! Gotcha back!
People out here spending $120 mil on artwork!! Take notes, that's TRUE WEALTH!!
We're playing a FREE show tonight with Morosity at Wild Tymes in St. Paul.
Beautiful post, Stacy!
we'll get you all fixed up in no time.
The future is #tech but is, has always been & will always be #media. Period.
“I never regret anything. I just always laugh.”
I think I'm growing my legs are killing me...
Reason #1 why I support Ron Paul. I like freedom.
Who likes free stuff?
Big ups to for
welcome to seattle!
been lovely had so hard time but God will supply
How is everyone's day going???
#wiunion is there a specific hashtag for primaries?
Just finished #drift. Wonderful work. Very thoughtful, poignant, and timely. Thank you for raising such an important issue.
lol don't jinx me doty
thats his way of kicking them in the nads and telling them to wake up.. after last nights game, i believe they will
Watching Christmas shows Omg I'm addicted
Milwaukee rappers <
I love being right.
0-45, I think we have seen enough, no matter how nice the guy is.
OH: I fell into the toilet… … … my butt got all wet
howlin wolf northshore is starting to fill up
": don't mind me asking but what is your son addicted too??"beating women and an assorrment of pills. Mostly boner meds.
no more purple and gold the Q'ues have left DC great parties. Chuck Brown is the best. Tom Joyner and Shaq know how to party.
DYK? Alpha Phi Alpha was the First Collegiate African American Fraternity
that was a dope moment
whoo hooo ... let me guess, chillin by the pool, golfing, eating w/fam. lol Enjoy!! RT : Officially on Vacation!!!
Today was a good day(: met some new people, did some work, and what not. But i kept seeing the same person every time at school! -_________-
Pingwu told me tonight that with a mustache I look 30. Yes.
Having succumbed to a stomach flu, I bequeath my Dark Horse dinner reservation to :-(
Game 7 twitches!
no problem (:
Slowly getting some writing done, trying to find some space between production projects to work on EA tunes...but it's so rare right now!
Last Minute Specials to stay @ Rio Casino Resort this WEEKEND $235 for two nights 9/4/10 to 9/6/10 book @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I told my cousin to help me find a poetry group like Black on Black Rhyme out here, but she said there's nothing out here close to that
sea otter. Duh.
Comedy Awards!
UTSA girls have nothing on her.
hi annie, I'd love to see examples of how you use the mood/inspiration/style tiles!
Great hashtag! RT going to the pittsburgh power game
we didn't finish playing our game .
Not this year - but it is on our product roadmap, hopefully soon! cc
#WhileInARelationship don't rush the little moments&enjoy every single day w/ your loved one.Even falling asleep while reading is priceless.
#SoCo2010 is in FULL Swing. How is it going for you? It is GREAT for us. Come by the booth and see
Follow me! I LOVE YOU :D U inspire me!
-_______- that betch ALWAYS had me in trouble
The graph isn't that hard, thin orange line on top, thin green line on bottom. It's ok, I know how hard reading is for you.
We work with companies of all sizes to streamline office workflows and find ways to reduce expenses. Let me know how we can help you!
The images of a distressed Bobby Valentine are really making my day.
I have NEVER in my life taken a nap that long.. Just goes to show it was a long week
agreed, #brewers have def had a rough past until very recently... cubs... meh...
Seriously! treats like a bitter ex. What the hell?
it's next weekend 519
If you have resources or professional learning opportunities, tweet it out to the #sschat gang. Very cool crew!
Didn't end up drinking tonight cause I didn't want the calories lol
THERE! Is school tomorrow. :o Bet you didn't know that! :I
Hi. I am Graham Powell Bintliff.
Love You Like Crazy . Say You Never Let Me Go
A woman is putting on makeup while talking on the phone on a metro bus. I really hate DC sometimes!
fly away, little angel, fly away....
Brandon Roy enters to standing ovation at Rose Garden.
Lion King!
Back from the Badger game! If you're an early invite peep. Get yo ass over here!
I'm on it! The search for the Lonely shoe with a bow is on!!! :)
Thanks for the follow! Would you like to read a screenplay? Best, Matthew
are u enjoying it
haha I have certain family members who would too.. So I guess that's actually understandable! youre planning yours, right?
Love it!
Happy birthday. I might refollow you. But i doubt it.
Guys tryin to get in free like NO i had to be security for a second and push him back out the door smh
Make sure to tune into ABC today at 11am to see Chef Paul Katz showcasing a few awesome dishes for Saturday's Kentucky Derby Charity Event!
Im so buying tickets to your concert in NYC no matter what(: NYC here i come!!! <3
ur so awesome
Beach report: Water = warm. Waves = eh.
Happy Anniversary! Hope u r enjoying you pregnancy even with the heat!
#shehechat I recently heard someway say, don't bother to get up and speak unless you have something to say that can change the world.
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
You've got enemies? GOOD. That means you actually stood up for something in your Life. -Eminem <3
Great and you??
Watching present a tech lunch on Twitter.
Your hair is gorgeous
Thank you, Mr. Homeless for pointing me in the direction of the right train to NY. But no, I won't walk with you to an ATM to get you money.
Thanks for the Fathers Day wish Brotha, hopefully everything is going well on your end!!
Wow, I totally thought today was Thursday. Damn Wednesday Day games.
Looks like it. :-(
Get your 'To Swap' bags ready - we'll be opening drop off at 11am tomorrow morning at The Occasional Wife!
THANKS CLEMENTE! See you soon!
Violet knows that John Lemon was a member of the Beatles. She also knows about Curious George Harrison.
If your bored you should click my follow button(:
Ugh I don't like Adium, though! Clearly I just prefer to make things harder for myself.
Can't call on schools to "raise" children & want less government oversight in your personal life w/o being a hypocrite.
We're migrating! Please follow us at our new twitter handle:
wow!!! #goosebumps what an honor!!!
miss u too. We all gotta hang soon
Isn't that great? Excellent guide for "How not to use QR codes."
happy Birthday
That's great! Things are moving along quite nicely on my end-thank you for asking!
Production Notices Los Angeles lists jobs, you can "like" their page for listings...
With 30 minutes left on my mood, my iPad movie app froze up to a black screen. Can't even access the menu. HELP!
home sweet chicago. hmm that just sounds a little strange.
Spencer Hawes is a penis.
Had no idea that Mr. Becker started his business in Cleveland, Ohio. Becker is simply the best CPA prep out there. -Future CPA's everywhere
I just started watching Friday Night Lights..... I thought it was going to be stupid but I actually love it
6 #Engagers. Good people to know & follow
u gotta to go to one not in your city lol.. U feel like a new man after, I promise lol
What track(s) out of our catalog would be a good ringtone??
Tomorrow will be great! Pressleaf's first day at Golazo's offices and 3 new minds coming on board!
Officially in michigan!! Everyone appears to be wearing fuzzy winter coats; hope im not in for a surprise.
Get to 70K followers! One Direction's favorite place to get shakes :) Let's do this!
Now on USTREAM - my FAN!
happy b day
Lips like Sugar...
Public hearing on SB207 - permitting discrimination on the basis of felony conviction. Making felons unemployable is good public policy?
Drink Dank n Dice - Wear your vices with pride!
I want some sushi <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Bruh this shit is REALLY good.
sounds cool, ISO more dimension in the sounds/mix
Benefit for Story @ Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin. My set starts around 5:45 - great lineup, great cause!!
RT Week and a half left of this diet n exercise crap
At first I thought it would be another show about rich a$$holes misbehaving--but I feel like it breaks a lot of conventions.
Just registered for the RBMS pre-conference in San Diego in June. Add in the Anaheim conference, and it's a long stint in southern Cal!
My wife told me yesterday that if she could trade places with one person for a day she would be you for a day
I *HAVE TO* see Titanic now.
you should see/hear these guys!
Agreed RT : "this just tastes like stale water" -- my grandpa, after sampling four different starbucks drinks
have fun with my sister :) miss you lotss :*
“: It is said that Jesus spent the Saturday before Easter down in Hell. Or as I would call it: Ikea.” haha!!
Good morning! xoxo
Some new faves on the NEW menu? Cinnamon pancakes with cream cheese icing & the cheese steak omelet!
Why do u guys ffreak out when I reply to you?
no I just go on an off I go to twitter on y twitter app then to YouTube & watch a video or 2 then go on twitter again
yes! Congratulations!
Looking at our rosters for the team we will bring to Battle of the Programs oct 7/8 and I am overwhelmed by the # of tough kids we've got
#SEOfacts Need to understand demand for info in order to supply the content well.
What kind of music? I used to work with someone who would blast opera.
wonderful assumptions? I *still* can't have a full screen flash player on one monitor, and work on another.. (in Linux).
what's that?
I work with Americorps - community outreach, mentoring & tutoring. I have a bachelors degrees in communications/journalism.
Feeling Relief.. :)
I love walking in the rain because you don't see I'm crying
girl you got this.
Oh of course I now have to work tomorrow.
Violence rages in Sudan-South Sudan conflict
I know a few others who might too!
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
Thanks! Stalker! LOL
it made me smile every time I heard celebrity going to Africa. where my roots come from.
The #bucks have been playing out of their minds! Who are these guys?
The #rocknrollsocial is tonight. See you there in 10 mins local bands!
my boy
Great game, Mac.
Exactly. Can't listen to him or Buck!!
Watching pranked lol I be die laughing LOL this a show I would watch if I was very angry lol !!!!
adjunct to that, these are my inner fucking thoughts and it's mother fucking twitter. even if dylan wasn't already aware, he (c)
in a super good mood but idk why cause i'm just chilling home alone... maybe that's it lol. i love being alone :)
okay we will work on this ;) you are missing out on endorphins (& letting me get ahead at another discipline ; p)
Free Broadway music in Isham Park tonight as part of Make Music Manhattan...free concerts all over the city! But the best one is uptown @ 7.
a niice way of sayin bye
damn I wanna skip and listen to it now lmao
Oh, and Bea Bea's in Burbank.
RT : Johnson’s Baby Powder is a great base for mascara Add some to ur lashes before applying mascara volume & thickness
Another day another project.
Thank you back. I looked your reel... Interesting to say the least. Keep doing your thing.
I'm sorry April. That makes me sad. I'm so thankful for everything you did for me in making the case for me. It meant so much
Yes! RT : In order to have enviro for creatvty & prototyping museum staff must have time to think/permission to FAIL
Ugh this lady talk so STANK.. UGH
Awww man! In what context?
Manny Ramirez signs a minor league deal with A's for $500,000 and will have to serve a 50 game suspension
Listen to I Fell In Love With A Ninja Master by The Wonder Years. Your bro said you were giving them a chance. It's older.
My outfit REALLY doesn't match today hahaa :p
To many churches act like hideouts,not fortresses or refuges. The church should help and encourage u as believers in life...Not be your life
“: proud to have recorded #BenBehindHisVoices pub date 9/15/11”. We're happy to be a part of it!
We'll have fun this weekend at the show. Tickets still available for tonight, but very close to sold out for tomorrow.
Mo and I are plastering Baltimore with invitations to The FABLERS show on Valentine's. Rewarding ourselves with a big slice in Fell's Point.
You can't get what you want, that's why you want her.. lol
miss you too! <3
Hi! Thanks for the RT. Sounds like a good topic today.
excellent advice! Thanks for sharing.
Math Dyslexia = Dyscalculia. Now what?!?!
time to get that bike tuned, eh?
Judge summoned defendants, lawyers back to courtroom. Reason unclear.
IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR UNMARRIED WOMEN NOT TO BE ON BIRTH CONTROL...
Sometimes it's like we enjoy watching ourselves get hurt that's why we keep going back to the people that hurt us.
what lurks below and all, eh?
1 is the greatest game played
You are making progress; that's good.
have a donut
No Dolan. Aren't you in there because you killed Pluto?
Easily. Id rather hangout with Evan then bus with that psycho.
amazing really. Makes the fried chicken and beer thing seem tame.
what are you getting me for Christmas?
Seriously considering using the refund I got for the blink show and just buying a ticket to bamboozle and road tripping it anyway
We gon do the same shit Tonight..... I cant the way my bank account set up lmao
TRAFFIC ALERT!! Bad Accident with injuries on I-69 Southbound at the mm 111 - Lima Rd. Avoid the area. Traffic is backed up.
you all followed me at the same time -- hello! But who are you?
Considering laser hair removal for my ears.
The U of M needs more professors like - Thanks for the advice!
hello world i'm here
why is credit so difficult. found a resource for 100% financing to get in the market. contact me if anyone is interested.
at the panel: "Memories are objects in themselves, with their own autonomous expressivity."
I'm due for a viewing of
RT : You know you have good taste in music when you can listen to Justin Bieber on repeat for an hour.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsk Whats Wrong w. U??? WTF If i wanted u to kno i wouldve told u so Don't Fuckin Ask!!!
I've developed something of a crush on dont ask me how it works- it just does!!!
Sleep or talk to my man?
Please join me in wishing Donald Duck and very Happy Birthday tomorrow, June 9th!!! Donald, have a great one and save us a piece of cake!!
Oh, the crushing sadness of Firefox add-ins that only work with older versions of Firefox.
Sorry about that post. Think the account was compromised. Password has been changed and we are good to go. :)
Good looking out 58spacejam for the sick ass G Shock
Watford and Zeller staying. I expected nothing less. It's about more than the money. This is Indiana.
you know i'll be there! Dance shoes are itching for some salsa beats
AFTER I READ URE BOOK I HAVE FELT U LIKE A FRIEND WHO I VE ALWAYS KNOWN
If welfare got cut off completely #thatwouldbeawesome *sick of paying for you ratchet ass bitches to lay around and squirt out kids*
Absence is to love what wind is to fire it extinguishes the small it enkindles the great.
See you there!!!
But so far there ain't a mf out there that can hold me down the way I want so I'm good.
Karma gets you everyday when you see my pretty face :*
I miss you too, cousin. :(
lmao! I cant spell for crap! I meant Hawk!! ;D
my twitter is being stupid
"Hi my name is Bates", "Bates?" "Yeah like Masturbates" - Zaibers!! Love this kid
16 Short Films from across the US and around the world, Germany, England, Spain and more...
and British. Hehe. I think I'll skip it. Thanks tho. :)
This is why you read my papers.
spending time with my mother wife and her mom hey must love the women in mynlife!!!
Thanks! How are you?
well cheer up butter cup I'm coming down when I get off
congrats sweetheart
Thanks Kate that makes me feel good lol I think next week so how's your chance to drive
George Castanza just read our mission statement...
My favorite part of taking the bus through this section of St. Paul? All the businesses named "Pig's Eye."
Bon fire at Dan's later.
me and my best friend belted bubblegumboy during PE
yep, will reply- re-acquainting w/ Quora thread (int. & impt.) from last yr - don't see why LA's cant have be forced to login.
You glow gir!
Nah nah nah nah nah nah.....
Remember kids don't take candy from strangers... unless of course it's Halloween. Then by all means...
Just attended #HungerGames screening. Steve Schmidt, Haymitch Abernathy, is there anyone Woody Harrelson can't portray?!
I wonder what Justice is trying to accomplish by fighting all deez hoes? Youz a trashy bitch not a bad bitch
. most guys seem to feel that way but then why are all my girl friends getting breast implants? Plastic in your body #gross!
&#9746; Protect your Liberty
lol did you have an audience
Nice to see you doing hockey too.
well, i really DO! makes my day that you like it.
#mommausetosay if you sleep go get in the bed
Every time I stand up I feel like im going to throw up, must continue to lay down.
Booked our first zipline tour with Can't wait to see their new adventure. Sould be fun.
New icon of (:
J.Cole
Ha! I will be in about 15 minutes :D I hope you enjoy it as well :)
It looks like the Twins did not do so hot in their home opener.
I'm going to join the kick around tonight. Which field will we be playing on?
Couples Night! Couples entry= 2 for 1!!
LMFAOOO i have stuck in my head now!
More $ in religion and Jim is the Rev. Start a new church!
hates how her boyfriend has baseball and cant talk to her!!:(
Nature holds the beautiful, is up to the artist who has the insight to erect it.
Yes! Mexican food and the Sonoran desert are the two things I've missed most living in NYC.
domination! our presenter killed it, and our business model is SLICK... our wallets need stuffing!
I know D: ! When I get back from Cali, we will. Yes? Yes.
Thank you! Glad to be here!
you wish!!!
do u have an extra JB shirt?
Yeah minus the cane & wheelchair!!
I hate oh snap! Mainly cuz it's like hearing some1 say gosh darn it. Or oh fudge. Just swear! We know what u really wanna say!
when she says she's fine she's usually not
Just got caught up in an actual riot in mcdonalds on 14th and 1st, this is reediculous
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay"
RT : Too much to tweet it all. Amazing. RT : Bruce Wyman is non-stop dropping the truth
just walked past and and I failed miserably trying to get her attention
/ Team Follows;
But I liked the goths …
Tomorrow's #awcchat topic: "Help, I can't pay for this! Getting sponsorships" 1130am - 1230pm CST. Anyone can join! via
I'm mad that isn't even following me back lol
sitting on the couch watching High School Musical 3 :)
lumpia, and pork adobo! PS - you can only go without me if you do Karaoke!!
hey. i see you right now.
The one thing video was amazing, watching from america!
never saw it sorry can u post again
my tripod hasn't been used in a while. Need to get into the woods soon
Not tough at all except when dining at one of the red-sauce joints some of my sources prefer.
3868645059 <- Prank call it. (:
How am I celebrating Cinco de Mayo? A leftover half of a Chipotle burrito from last night. M.
However, NBC treats its shows fans like shit, so not surprised fans of NBC shows act like abused pit bulls. Can't really blame 'em
thanks, Hope you like it
After reading a product review for the #GalaxySIII this morning, I'm pretty excited. The #DroidRazrMaxx is going to have to bring it.
A well-defined XML workflow will create documents that are well-formed, allowing you more flexibility for future content needs.
HARRY i'm home sick from school today here in America :P can I get a shoutout so I can feel better? (;
Going home due to stomach Flu! Ugh
Fuck school.. Cant i just call it quits right now
Flux pavilion station on pandora and it plays Moby?! Really?! Sorry.. But no
Jamming tonight w/ , , Jackie Pollauf & Max Beats, for Baltimore Boom Bap Society show 1/11
So happy the won #SuperBowl 46. Who knew one second could pack that much tension?! Great ending against the New England Patriots!
yea a up coming one
When the Egyptian gov't shut down Internet & cell network people stopped communicating remotely from home & went out into the streets
Its good mane I start Spring Ball next monday trynna keep dis startin job mane
heard about this place the other day; didn't we have that idea a few years back?
I'm so fucking lame. Watching the Hannah Montana movie. Lolololol.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
NMX Ski Cards for sale at DAY OF THE TREAD this Sunday. Embassy Hotel Downtown! $149. Come out and join us!
Sorry, I need to get over this Jolie leg thing but I CAN'T.
": No I don't wanna wake up yet :(" rise and shine booty!
Thank you for the tweet Cary! How many have you tried?
Just returned from #MWC2012 in Barcelona. Emphasis on connection b/w people & device, and device to device; w/ data at core of both
Thanks!! MT : Went to Greenwood Space Travel Supply, got Another Science Fiction: Advertising the Space Race by
I'm flattered!!
Chara just cleaned two clocks in a row. Great way to end the 2nd. The score is tied 1-1.
A thee glass wine flight, a shot of homemade lemoncello and Lent is over for this kid! Thanks !
Lol, lady - you are a rock star!
Lin Dinh suddenly decides to name names. "I don't give a fuck."
<U+263A>Applaud their effort when they hate on you. Therz nothing prettier than that
Thats wassup i appreciate that so much
microwavable amy's lasagna and ice cream... so great for a rainy city night in
i miss you, lets hang out.
Nice. Jealous RT Bought tickets to & next week. First time seeing them live. Can't wait!
If we can get through the fucking Rangers we can win the fucking Stanley Cup
Lina has left this cucina... And will now enjoy a little drinky poo and enjoy a glass of vino
My ass itches. Wanna scratch it????
Words can't express the joke that is a Chicago DMV. Was really digging this town before dealing with any gov't entity.
Nice catch Gardner!
WE LOVE YOU!
In fashion? Why do you ask?
Ha. My 2-year old makes me listen to them 10x a day. Any song is catchy for me after that many exposures.
Lovely dinner with at Screen Porch in Dallas. Best part of #alamw12 is staying connected with old friends
In less than 24 hours I will be in Costa Rica! Running around and getting things done! Can't wait!!
men & women are going 2 hate on whatever u do cuz it's in their premature mind 2 do so they would rather see u struggle @ the bottom 4ever
I think Rebecca Black should listen to Friday Is Forever by We The Kings. Now THAT's how you sing about Friday.
Holy cow. Never shot a news segment like that before. But it was fun. Learned a lot. Looking forward to more like that
Reading #TheTwelveCaesars and highlighting traits I admire in orange, traits we share in green and traits to avoid in blue.
Bummed right now. Gonna be a lonely couple of weeks. Should be use to it. Bleh. Back to sleep
Go Mavs!! Can't wait for the parade and the start of next year's season!
After midnight so technically #KeggsNEggs is tomorrow!!
we will let you know!
God is so good! Your testimony was great! Very moving
Keep up the running everyone!
Man. Two blown calls in this game. Hell, in this inning.
super tragic... Backwards ass let me get off these niggas lol
thanks for the follow! Great work!
Are you at for #harrypotter? You may recognize a certain movie about ... Well... Me! :)
it's so much fun! And Joe was awesome today when he came!
omg - Mary wants to know if it still works.
What do Mezcal, rabbit, and mismatched dishes have in common? They're all predicted food trends for 2012, of course! Check out the rest...
There's something in the shadows. In the corner of your room. It's got a dark heart. And it's waiting for you.
to #nurses on support 4 #singlepayer: "I don't think of it as socialized medicine. I think of it as Christianized medicine."
so the question I have is... where we hanging tonight?!?!? shoot me a DM, I'll show y'all Nashville the right way!!
today has been one of the worst days of my life...thank god for family...
Thanks for following us!
RT : Just checked out the show Nice work my friend. <-- Sing my praises, Pete!
Hey guys! Our Twitter handle is now OFFICIALLY No need to change anything or follow someone new! Carry on!
Congrats seniors! You made it through hell! Now go make something of yourselves. I'll miss some of y'all!
I live for you! Night Roman! Love always, QueeR Barb.
just finished Batman #3 and all I can say is it proves why you're my favorite writer nowadays!! Awesome work!!
Don't worry luv,I'm only teasing....
Hope everyone had a smooth monday!
Go to Spain.
Baby u r hot
IF ANYONE WANTS 2 GET INTERVIEWED ON KUEEN OF KRUNK SHOW ON THURS. NITE ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CONTACT JENNIFER & GET SCHEDULED CALL 2107846094
Cold Game Like A Old Mane!!!!
when I worked in a job connected with Section 8, I was shocked by how many iPhones I saw.
Totally Digging Selena and Demi this coming year! Both gorgeous and sweet women. Disney has had great stars!
The Stras pitches tonight. May the Fourth be with you!
Waking up and feeling skinny. >>>
<U+266C> August 1st 1964 Rockabilly/Rock'n'Roll Singer Johnny Burnette diied in a boating accident. Hits include "Tear It Up" "You're Sixteen" <U+266C>
site and app were workin that night
Things go bad before they get good.
Just graduated high school today! R-T if you're a high school graduate, or if you're goin to graduate high school!
I had a heartache when I saw the preview for Punkd, kay cool. ;)
shopping :) and my partner totally bailed on the project
Wow, now that's a view!!
Omg twitter changed
btw, i can't believe we didn't bump into each other; we could have shared ink collections!
lol we all know it will be better than 103!
... we'll make it I swear!
"win it before U cn buy it" wknd promo is up on
Hm. That's too bad. I just looked at your profile.
got this pricey ass watch and never use it for the time
Redeem your points and miles for gift certificates at hundreds of online retailers ! ad ERROR
Going back to bed at dis point
Harvey hops to top prize in rabbit contest
I never thought that it'd be so simple, but i found a way. I found a way.
Nope! Was just at 370, but I've already dropped to 966. lol
okay for sure!
Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside. ~ Mark Twain
My husband and I just sat and talked for hours last night. We always seem to have a lot to talk about...especially when it comes to God.
I'm obsessed with YouMeAtSix and Go Radio at the moment<3
Relay For Life at MRHS! Everyone should come support ! :)
you already know!
RT : "Bury demonstrates considerable writing skills, masterfully weaving a story." 5* #review for The Bones of the Earth...
Thank God for that...
Only two weeks until #CUAEF! What are your views on how #Africa can reclaim itself & change the rules of engagement?
": don't hate because she's beautiful" define beautiful. -______-
Not sleeping SUCKS! That is all.
#ilovemymombecause she's the one person that has always been there for me when no one else was. <3
very very welcome
Walter Energy Announces First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
u guys comin out for poker nite?
Wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for my mama, love you.
Congrats , , , rest of team. Great work that has received well-deserved recognition.
...and slake your thirst with free beer courtesy of Clipper City Brewing! It all begins at 6:00 p.m. tonight, at the CityLit Stage at BBF!
Kant run game on someone that know game:) ™®…
Super Shout Out to !!!!!
True for me! RT : In my experience - many Health Activists started blogging because they just really love to write. T/F?
Fact-checking request: can anyone confirm for me that Robert Swift was the first Juggalo to play in the NBA?
working on an embroidered blanket project. Keeping warm this winter.
#whosgonnalose - Baltimore at Oakland - Oakland will lose
OMG!! Good morning <3
Only a couple of pages into Daniel Everett's new book Language: The Cultural Tool and I'm already loving it.
yay! Can't wait to see you!
yeah cause you light skinned.
thanks for your concern. I'm going to be ok. :)
thx for the mention
not good. Kristen came then left so everytime she was up it was a out & I did terrible pitching as always
Guessing this is going to make my drive to St. Paul a real treat. RT MN stats for 5am-2pm: Metro: 219 crashes
Is one of them ?
I'm well thanks. I took a little time off to recharge the battery. How are you?
We will be closed this weekend, but open next week, M-Th, 8:30am-4:30pm.
I can't stop watching worlds dumbest!!! And it fills up my dvr
Excited for you to come play in Portland, Maine, and EXPLODE HEADS. See you soon, amiga.
An alumna came to us with idea to sell her wine to raise $ for UVa. We should have been more clear on the back story! Thx.
Assembly is in recess for a meeting of the Rules Committee
That's the worse (responding to my last retweet)
Aww thanks :)....yeah, I have a taste for them too. Need to put in an order. ;) LOL
: Oscar bday in like two weeks bro fuuuuuu
What?! AWESOME!
Eating while watching movie with the girlfriend .
Never let success go to yer head or failure go to yer heart! Happy Tuesday ya'll! xoxo
RT I gave my plant Fiji water this morning and now it does yoga and judges me.
" If you ain't first...your last."
Have a great weekend as well!
because i honestly dont care what people think or have to say about mee.. (:
Are you a fan of Mexican food? We have wine if it makes it more enticing? And delicious desserts :)
Wear lots of blue so you don't have to worry about playing favorites!
Haven't yet, but I know the drill pretty well. Happy to advise if you want to send me more details.
Bus. Assoc. final in the morning and I feel I haven't learned anything this semester!
Great run of "Rock in Her Pocket" thanks to and everyone who was able to come out to the show!
hey are u a true belieber ?
Austins face when his mad >>>
7:30...gym time. Got to get it tight for summer.
My cute girlfriend didn't come to Mid-Ohio Comicon with me this year
alrighty will do. Yes i am are you?
that works. i think a feast can be defined by the amount of food present, regardless of the number of guests. :)
You already know i had to tell my Twitter Family about this scam so be very careful with the networking please!
Note To Self: Do not keep the tv on HBO after you've gone to sleep. You will wake up to a documentary on sex toys... -.-
made steak tacos and thought about you
Boy or girl? Lucy's great. We're in California :)
|+~-!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
MT : hmm well maybe 2 years to write up if shorter dis. I think 5 doable so long as everything goes 2 plan. My 8=absurd
lol calm her down, you need to tell her I watched a movie last night...the other guys..its from that
As a cat lover, I can tell you it's 192% true.
Like Please Stop Being So Perfect Right Now .....But There's Nothing You Can Do About It But Keep On Listening To It
our #sdcc giveaways just arrived in SD! see you at booth 4134 bright and early
Finally connected my facebook to my twitter! Hello 2009!
Dear Easter Bunny...Don't get cheap on me...
Posh Properties thinks , , , and are great for #Austin #Realty and #Follow #Friday!
FREEZE WARNING: TUESDAY 3AM -9 AM: Monmouth, Ocean, Hunterdon, Middlesex, and Somerset. Hard freeze EVERYWHERE tonight.
are your ears burning? and I are talking about you.
Because I can say something about helmets & it gets 20x amount of attention than trying to talk about other safe-riding behavior
Wonder what percentage of American players got a full night of sleep. I was out for 4.5 hours, opened my eyes, and was completely awake.
“: Zombies: people who are eating with you and checking their mobiles all the time”
Was god wit it everybody
great how was urs?
thank YOU for the great articles!
I'm sorry i screwed up. Sorry i'm not perfect.
Can we please have game night?
Tree of life....hm...might have worked for me without all the metaphysical stuff...
please no more whiners in Madison, I need a break from all these freaks.
My are starting to burn again...like for real
can it involve vampires?
Are you saying salad is bad? :-O
#Preach!!! I just gave up 2mins ago
you can just tweet me the post that you posted about the site! Good luck! :)
So much stuff on my mind
People legitimately drive me crazy...
Thx Dennis! Glad you're finding that good info. How've you been today?
I absolutely love this weather!
#QuestionsiHateBiengAsked Are you a virgin?"
Who would you take? #rg3 or #luck? Going to be a fun rivalry
Having a insightful early morning chat about accidental #entrepreneurs. How did you stumble upon your biz/ #nonprofit?
-happy Friday enjoy
I do to
TY for helping to spread the word!
make sure you get approval from beastmode for the SKITTLES.
Even when things get tough... I just keep getting confirmation that I'm on the right path. Had to say that!
Such a great day! The Avengers in 3D is pretty good y'all!
never had frozen Lima beans before. Have you??
Such a damn shame we haven't deprogrammed ourselves from valuing skin tones that are closest to our oppressors.
So proud of right now I could cry. So happy right now I could cry. I.love.nashville.
an accursed child gave me a cold when I was in London. On the bright side, my germs should be pretty high class.
We have a new server ready - vpn-bn3 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Toronto, Canada. It's available in your customer area now.
Going to sleep at 9 p.m. is the greatest!
See you at noon-ish.
- Hey! Know any freelance SM experts who could help a Dallas based small business? cc:
Also, coming a little late, but just realized I have yet to say it: KENTUCKY BABY!!! BOOM!
Bye bye old blackberry, I will miss you.
RT : To anyone who says Obama was either too late or too early today: There is NEVER a wrong time to do the right thing.
Listening in on #DLDay This TV guy has a great voice!
can you DM your email address. Want to send you an email.
I think this article confuses shyness and introversion to some extent. I do agree with a lot of what it says though.
Dragon Age 2? I'm still recovering from the previous one where you find out that there's a tutorial in the last hour of gameplay. love/hate
yo man! sorry just getting this! email me!
Our first deal will be launched later this week. What are your guesses as to where it will be? Hint: It correlates with this month's
Tonight's Special: Fried Chicken Sandwich Topped with Southwest Slaw and Choice of Side!!!
FREE MY BRO GALARDOW KAS ! NYC STAND UP MILLBROOKE PROJECTS SALUTE . HOLD UR HEAD BRO .
Thanks man! Appreciate thatRT listened to ur track suggestion at bandcamp, dope track. greets from vienna
Made it to Bangkok last night and then Chiang Mai today. Tomorrow Nathan and I go to one of the homes and meet and play with the kids!
Real talk if I was an A&R I'd sign real talent like
I'm so glad I only have half a day today
Squirrels are a no, but I do speak cat. I can converse with the cat with rabies latter if it has time.
Le Bernadin for lunch? Yup. Suggestions?
“: Do you know what is 10% ABV, comes in a cool glass & tastes great going down the hatch?" #HOPSLAM! Can we keep the glass?
The celtics are screwed": This season, the Celtics averaged 11 fewer points per 48 minutes when Rajon Rondo was on the bench"
Never thought I'd have such a theological discussion in stats class
also, we love cats too!
good afternoon to you Simon! :)
I am in love...
What's ur number ?? I need to text u details for tonight
Re-reading Gatsby while wearing my tennis whites. (Half of this is true).
looool...you just did :p
So excited about the event today. Can't wait!
Wow. Thank you! And the pleasure is mine.
They just announced someone getting a "Minor in Awesome" at this graduation ceremony.
Thanks for following!!
I have to make this! 3 cheeses & prosciutto IM IN!!! That's got me written all over it! Can't wait to try!
guys seem to do that
5 Reasons QR Code Marketing Is Broken (and How to Fix It)
": RT : RT : "If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down""
Many thanks for following me!
Unlike W, we now have a president who doesn't think that LBGT is not a BLT.
Random thought, but we're floating around in the universe right now.
Beanie Man is the man... For real.
Connected with a hive of foodies
yeah!! Cool and plz check your inbox
“: it ain't yo birthday, stop bullshittin. And if you ain't done then call the nigga back! Shit” <<COSIGNED.
No and I ride RTD all the time. Mostly drunks and homeless people. Sad, I know.
i played high school football with him, term about sums him up along with a**hole!
Amen baby. Hope the jury sentences HIM properly.
Add me on oovoo
it's not especially well written, but it's damn fun to read. I couldn't stop turning the pages. *shrug* it's a book!
1000's of workers drive their family car with their tools to work each day.
I've noticed an interesting trend in bands releasing multiple records in the quickest amount of time possible.
Hey, thanks for mentioning me. Can I ask about the hashtags? Courses or organizations? My tweeting is rusty these days.
Good Luck!!! I still have to root for the NFC, Go Giants...I think, lol.
do you ever work? I need your job.
and that is exactely how you spell exactely!
New 5 hour conference room package available for just $200/mo in beautiful Manhattan #wallstreet #virtualoffice with #DavinciVirtual!
Np....Reza- She's so fly
Thank you all for the early morning Birthday greets!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
how are you ?
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE :p
YOU'RE DA HOE. Loll, I'm tryin my best<3 I filmed some videos that completely failed so imma try to film something tmrw! :D
Have fun. Go Celts. I'll be working the Blazers vs. Suns game tonight.
Oh no, I think the albino is drunk.
Haha I know right RT : confused
Doh! Thought we did. At a twitter limit now. Have to wait. Please email Kelsye at writer.ly
where you been at homie? was just around your hood
Hey - get over it
haha you said vibrations :P Thanks roommie! :)
Love the people who treat you right... pray for the ones who don't!
Ugh...cannot shake this ear infection and no time for doc!!
was it worth imax? did you watch in 3d? lincoln center?
oh sweet what part?
what did I win?
RT Branding, Graphics, Social Media services, Consulting and Training. "The Perfect Mix!"
will check it out
60 odd degrees today and I burn like an albino.
it belongs in a museum! Also why'd it have to be snakes?
Dude said, "Cavaliers suck, go to the D-League." Lol.
Crap! RT If you haven't AT LEAST taken over a planet or built one giant doomsday device, you've KIND OF been wasting your week.
"The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself" ~Paul Cezanne
Ladies, read my last post! if your boyfriend has been doing that! Thank me later ;)
RT : "Fake is as old as the Eden tree." Orson Welles
Good morning AZ !!
Throat A Lil Scratchy, buhh I still get Bitches!
He is at 1417 which puts him near the top. The lack of carries his first 4 years contributed to that.
..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job.
15 pages of notes from my Kindle. I'm sure I'll have a nice outline by the end of the day.
Hey Eminent, I may be interested! is there a contact email? (Cc )
If i spend time with.....this summer >>>
Please go watch a haunting of a house, by babyblueeyes813 on youtube it would mean a lot <3 and tell your friends about it! Thank youu. (:
definition of Mailing it in.
''I won't except failure, unless it's mechanical''
okay, that makes sense. I just read an article saying that too. I bet people still think he free tho lol
have a great weekend!
Been packin and cleanin for goin on three hours now....
Evangelicals already think that Mormonism is a cult. Reminding people that Mormons were polygamists is a bad move.
Does any Political Journalists/Bloggers or News Junkies want to chat about the Latest Stories Online?
I love you teddybear.(:
Damn it Daniel! This needed retweeted
There are so many fashion bloggers nowadays
Facebook’s Mobile App Has A Big Holiday Week On iPhones, Bigger On Android
Smashing reproductions, imitations, and fakes whenever I can...your welcome, kids.
Ok, finally got my environment un-crapped and can start work on my Ajax project. And, gee, it's only 5:15 PM >.<
my love <3
is giving away free tickets to the concert on May 3rd with FREE #OPENBAR. I've got my last pair coming up at 10:30!
someone should so a remix on 's Boyfriend and 's Boyfriend :D i wonder how it would turn on out
thank you for the kind thoughts! I survived Monday :)
Rain, rain, rain, rain. What's that? More rain? Great!
so, I forgot to ask you how about them Heats and the Pacers yesterday? *coughs*
Meet me somewhere RT : South Side Bound
haha you damn right !
3 shoots this weekend.Dinner Party& a movie night w/ the girls.. How will i have time to breathe?!?
FINALLY DONE W/THE 6th GIG THIS WEEKEND, TIME 4 SUM SIZZLER BABY
no thanks!
Axelrod: Obama focused on achieving his long term goals not winning capricious style points.
Weird night tonight that's for sure...
Thanks for sharing the video. Makes me want to hit the slopes so bad. Stuck in Philly with no snow:( Good luck this season.
Editing, editing, editing...
Hanging out with some company at work, bout to have some fun, enough of this boredem
#HeatSuck RT Damn D.Howard 25 points and 24 rebounds?!! He killed my Heat tonight!!!
RT : To kiss and tell, its just not my style. -Keith Urban
night owl syndrome -- haven't been able to shake my New York hours...
Good price! I'm looking at $228 from PDX to Anaheim for ALA in June. And welcome to our state!
Wed morning S/O 2 new followers:
I left the dishes and laundry for you!
Really enjoyed our recent class trip at one of the best historic house trips I've ever been on! Highly recommended!
Don't do something permanently stupid just because you're temporarily upset.
#walkingdead wasn't too strong. Definitely a setup episode.
Tonight just got mad dope! Bong
Happy Mother's Day! Take it easy and enjoy a day of relaxing.
I keep gaining british followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I'm not complaining though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
LIKE THIS: "Love is like a FART, if you have to force it, then it's probably some SH<U+24D8>T" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> lol <U+2605>Da Public's Eye<U+2605>
um, you know we're not supposed to play football
Successfully taught my best friend how to play a sweet bass guitar. Girl band is official. Expect music soon. Tomorrow.
Congrats on being a Bengal
man, I need stuff to come in the mail.
I always thought you and would make a cute couple. what do you think? LOL
That's so true!
We're live right now on ZenLive.tv - #OWS #occupywallstreet Time to rage.
I am so there! Can't wait to see you guys! What time do you go on?
Lucas, maybe driving isn't as easy as you thought
I agree. Imagine being in a group of 13... Lol
my nap took longer than I thought it would be
“: A person's character is how they treat those who can do nothing for them.” A-to-the-men Shauna.
Just put on The Notebook because it was on and I didn't have anything else to watch. And I'm too lazy to go to sleep.
Having a great day!
So far, i'm 7 songs into my next album.. Dope :)
the border guards thought young lions was "child pornography"
I call dibs on at least one if you get multiples ;)
I really feel like a dumbass f*** with her
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason
"Fox News Accuses Obama Of Declaring 'War On Marriage'" #huffpost Actually, he's embracing marriage in all forms!
hahaha! A lot of people make that mistake. Lol! I live in Washington STATE not Washington, DC! Haha! xD
3) Track what you eat and hold yourself accountable! It’s fine to eat an occasional treat, but be aware of it when you do.
I cant wait !!!
Im just lookin for someone to tell me something Ive never heard before
sounds good! I can't wait to see it! Are we there yet?
Anybody feel like comin to roll up 4 me. I really don't feel like it....Please....I said please
quotes from #libraryschool "i picked these books up dumpster diving at the planetarium"
Senior Day!
Jonah Hill in the Sitter is Hilarious !
Oh boy, I think I'm getting strep... Fuck.
i really wanna go to 's bday party
Yes! In fact, our Notebooks are only sold at in the US. :)
the HEAT are going HAM on the MAVS!
I simply could not invent more beautiful weather. It's absolute perfection outside. *sigh*
Does anyone know how to play Parallels by on guitar? I want to do an acoustic coverr, but i dont know how to play it :c
Bishop Liston Paige rocked the house tonight
Your bottom line starts with your front line. -John Villere
UPS just left with a box of goodies to send to for their trunk show this weekend!
Thanks for the follow. I've donated, so glad to help you do what you do!
happy birthday! :)
RT : not canceled. it just had to cancel production of two episodes this week. we don't know why.
"well your highness what a clever smell you've discovered!"
Want it to warm up#summerplease. Seriously
Oh god. Im doing it again. Im falling into this never ending pit of your love. I dont want this.
What better way to end up a crazy day at the hospital & impromptu surgery? TORNADO WARNINGS, of course!
And autocorrect has ensured that the SOAP protest is the cleanest protest ever.
Cheer has been getting better (:
Ever heard of suicide? You should try it.
master-baker
Strangely enough, though, Amazon's greatest strengths also create its greatest weaknesses on a human level.
We're glad you loved them!
Something puppies get that makes them have diarea and throwing up & kills them within 3 days
Presented today for #studentaffairs re: supporting transgender students. Audience reception was mixed. But, every little bit counts.
The #redsox sign Mark Prior! Can't believe he's actually still only 31! He's always hurt then again 6 years is probably enough time to heal
RT : FLASH: Microsoft is close to a deal to buy Skype for more than $7 billion - report
Sounds awesome right?
I am putting on an outdoor show today at at 5pm. Loving this weather!
I'll bet fat people thought their tattoos would look cooler.
Lunch at UN Plaza tomorrow with , 11-2pm, 7th/Market
S/o because
isn't there a curse or something about getting your pic on SI before the tournament? Lol
I hope you'll keep it up! So many little, meaningful, precious memories - best things in life - I thought I'd never forget.
Iona? Iona!?! - Oh wait, I couldn't care less.
will have an official site up the end of this month and will be signing bands in February like stated previously
o lol XD well I hope you get better
Send a DM if you want to join our mailing list. No spam... Just GOOD music
Wanna get out and do some good? Volunteer for a clean-up this Sat. 9/10 at Farring-Baybrook Park. More info: Rob Catlin
Sweet! Congrats!
The Verve - Bittersweet Symphony <3
Hello Monday!
Tonight! Come cheer on our amazing #HydeStyle!! Playoffs baby!! For more info email me at for tickets or table reserv
How would you finish this sentence...I am ??
Bye bye spring semester 2012. You left me withered, but I survived!
Sex? Sex is like Air, it's only important if your not getting any!
OCTOBER 27 , SFR IS HAVING OUR FIRST HALLOWEEN DANCE. come to the 9th floor of 73 decked in costume :) Tweet us with any questions!
That's hilarious! I grew up in that shadow, and yeah... it's full of hyenas.
i talked to my cuzo freddie yesterday who it playing ball in asia, i miss him. its been so long since ive seen or heard from him
Yum... Enjoying cupcakes at , where do you get your sweet tooth fix?
On the train to Cambridge for client mtg, then joining live audience for Hubspot TV webcast. MBTA wifi spotty, glad I have 3G.
May the Fourth be with you..
First Collab tonight at 7. First project is to help tilted torch with costumes for Illuminopolis burlesque show.
Wow, I got to sleep in till almost 10 today! Morning Freaks!!
I am so thankful Michael Baisden, and George are squeaky wheels... God bless you and yours.
I just learned the word "MacGuffin" and I'm really happy about it. For instance, the #Avengers has a glowing MacGuffin
OMG you should be like "Yo,Son HBD? *weird noise he makes*
If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse.— JIM ROHN
sounds painful as fuck!": I still want my nipples done im just scared!"
Behind the neighborhood right? :P well I'm asking because another car honked too.
Yes! I thought I saw you at Anchor truck tonight, but I don't know if we've ever met in person. But you looked familiar!
Thiry "de writes think of them selves of citizens not residents"
This. RT : “: Carrying a blackberry is the new AOL email address.”
nice to meet you at the today >;o)
"When people understand this is a business and the success of this business depends on them, they will strive to make it successful!"...
never know when u might have to run a 5 on 5 full court...its actually genius
#ESPN totally dissed the Rickie Fowler highlight. Was supposed to be after commercial. Never showed it.
Thunder in 5.
Of course I can remember you!! And I can understand. Did you get to study about computers?
lol well its all politics my brother and them already knew they would win before hand last year,same wit my homies from Quest etc
What a super bowl...and the football was good too!!! And the post game treats!
Dancing while on the treadmill is a bad idea.
playing Golf at Rock Creek in Mobile listening to the King release party.
A Pimp Named Slick Back..... STL2SAT
Up...Off day Tomorrow..... Solo Dolo.... Coolin =)
There's absolutely no way Boise St. is the 5th best team in the country. None.
Totally. Apparently, we were enemies because he had a crush on me. It started young.
You son of a... RT : I think people from the south talk in Comic Sans
did those stupid botched give your turtle back yet
That short answering shit while texting #missmewiththat If you don't wanna talk thats all you have to say
Library, finals, and Christmas music all day... awesome
Also this Fri we will be screening 'The PHD Movie!' We have received calls & emails from people driving in from ID, WA & CA.
After all of that & the Chiefs dominating the 1st half... We're officially in the lead!! Gotta score touchdowns to beat us, not field goals.
RT iPhone, iPad, iPod, iTouch, I spend. ~ Dave Bullock
Love is a battlefield!
aw. thank you so much! <3
TGIF! Get happy! Today's special is Chicken Salad Sandwiches!
You needa teach us some pointers! :)
we still have availability, call 374_8480. We r offering same menu up and down, creative new features. Thanks. Roots
not feeling great #allergies walked by a flower shop this morning and almost knocked over their plants outside from sneezing.
Mfs b lying stupid hard
Hornet's nest: Kicked. Conservative Dad emails list of cos that support Planned Parenthood. I respond: Thanks! Now I know who to patronize!
Actual P1 questions on Twitter probably need a "this is not a bit" disclaimer...though you'll get joned on either way.
#hair how dare they try to end this beauty. Amen!
Yeah but companies that use "creative" accounting practices to avoid paying any taxes...
Agree!!! 50 miles in this weather was great, Bob! RT : it is 40 and rainy!!!! Nice work!
My pleasure - U R very welcome, sir! :)
RT Internet is primary planning to for wisconsin travelers. I think internet has caught on.
Going to the gymm! (:
" #AstrologyFacts In romance, #Geminis are idealists, often unable to see the bad points of someone with whom they are dating."
RT "Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but a bad habit"
I just made the best Spanish rice EVER!!!
well lets go somewhere else then...
Seriously.... 90+ degrees tomorrow in DC - say it ain't so. Summer is going to suck.
Correction: find out what I think should happen to Texas Judge who whipped his daughter tonight on the Insider.
Our regular tuesday meeting, PHIL414b, 8pm. NOW WITH PIZZA.
lol well your driving
I thank you for responding. Email . Would like to hear more about you and your story
For those that use twicca: is there a twitlonger choice for this app so I don't have to limit my characters?
happy humpity hump day!
Dear boys please don't wear your eyeliner darker than me its just awkward
That's winning!
My mother always warned me not to give a *kinehurah* but I'm risking it today. I am so blessed.
Congrats !! Happy graduation!'
Can u please follow us!! It's me :D lol
+1 RT: As for Mizzou: That is the history of the basketball program boiled down to one 40-minute microcosm.
The only way of catching a train I ever discovered is to miss the train before. ~G.K. Chesterton
got it pierced! :D
More Nash: "I just feel like a very lucky guy."
Thanks! Well appreciated.
We made it!!
*GASP* I'm taking a day off today! #6monthswithoutabreak!
Some people change when they see the light, others when they feel the heat. ~ Caroline Schroeder
boom i like the way you think
Babe u've taken my heart & I'm the luckiest guy to be with u,I truly love u & mean it everytime I say it to u mamas :)
meh... but it's probably the closest I'm going to get! Damn you internet!
Sick shot, Taylor!
I should have made clear that I was being ironic.
#AlbuquerqueMortgageLoans - Indigo Mortgage, Albuquerque's Premier Mortgage Loan Provider is now on Twitter.
#nowplaying "Time & Confusion" - ; amazing song!!!
"well we jus him see" in my Tupac voice.
Man what a long ass workout! Feeling the burn baby! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
We still getting excited about drops from MBDTF :-(
Just passed Fowler VW and I spy a mural being painted. What's it going to be ?
People with #socialphobia 's fear and avoid situations in which they may be subject to the scrutiny of others.
I also have interviews with Jimmy Robbins, Hot Chelle Rae, and possibly The Script coming in the next few months! Questions needed!
Why should i care, when you never did?
Dallas Wins Championship! Dirk & Terry shine! Thug Wade McDirty & LeBum McTarded get their comuppance!
do you have a generator so you can keep pouring those shots if the power goes out?
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 7
LOVE Peter Berman. My fav actor on Y&R
#free tebow. Tim just think of this as a way to inspire more kids in a different town. Your work in denver will not be forgotten
not seeing back to the future is almost as weird as never having eaten mustard cc:
The feeling you give me>>
Stan maybe I can use your blog site as a reference
Happy Valentine's Day!!! :)
“: I don't get why pretty boys have verified twitter accounts.”
#IfWomenDidNotExist Adam would still be hanging out in Garden of Eden:)
My coffee table is abusive....
Outstanding Female Actor in a TV movie or Miniseries... KATE WINSLET for 'Mildred Pierce"! WIN!
I still feel like death. Lol
retweeted me :))))) DYING
yes, I seem to be unable to connect as well.
is that the only reason you dislike? Why not create a folder in Skydrive & drop the files in bulk? (Time-consuming, I know)
Let's go #Kansas. Rock Chalk Comeback.
Time to go to and get my comic on.
Boomers who were unemployed as our recent grads are now, opened their own businesses. Look for this to happen again! Start-up businesses!
Low of 58 on Sunday and Monday night. It's about time we get some proper shorts & t-shirt weather.
Final Q: Is #4profit enrollment affected by student tech preferences? How does tech affect recruitment/retention?
This could be easily done.
lupe fiasco is #thatonepersonwho makes me have hope in hiphop music
How dare you settle for less when the world makes it so easy to be remarkable. - Seth Godin
Learned about Mindfire in my senior seminar today, & Abbey mentioned your name. I have to say, really neat concept.
Funny to think Mom is on drugs right now. Wish I could say that more often. Post surgery drugs are the best
I am tired! But today was good! Goodnight twitter :)
Hello! We are just a team of Etsy sellers, we don't work for Etsy itself. Good luck applying for the internship though!
Practiced w/ auxiliary percussionist Jeff McSpadden last night for our show @ The Bunganut Pig in Murfreesboro, TN on 8/18/11. Cool stuff!!!
Law and order is some scary shit. Like doesnt it help criminals get ideas?!
On the 950;Morgan Freeman yesterday Kevin Eubanks 2day- may need a couch in 3A but Ken would leave crumbs
Bowen XC can serve as platform to translate MARC to RDA and linked data, in bulk
The movie "Selena" >>>> how much we miss her! <U+E305><U+E03C><U+E31C>
AM clouds & a few showers then partly sunny…high 47
People make mistakes.
The 2010-2011 season at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts begins August 21 with “Let the Good Times Roll”: A Ray Charles Tribute....
see there is a different her kids didn"t until there granny came and got them
Anyone wanna be a hero tonight?
Likewise! Twitter tone is tricky with these talks, but grassroots political dialogue is ESSENTIAL for mass change.
Look out for new items on the site in the AM !
Dude! You totally should have brought me along as your translator.
Last day to buy your SCAN Awards tickets at a discount. Price goes up tomorrow. Info and you can also buy at www.scantv.org.
I bet you that's not a snapback though
I followed u back.(:
Lucky Lucky, I'll b makin the trip there in 3 weeks ~!
Full moon tonight. About to get my howl on.
What are your New Year Resolutions? Share them with us!
The syllable structure of Russian can be quite complex, as there can be initial and final consonant clusters of up to 4 consecutive sounds.
Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act. Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Get outta town buddy. Rookies dont win cups RT : What a game by Holtby, 44 saves - GO CAPS
Congrats big hurt. Made it on your blocking this year. Good stuff.
That should be a good discussion! RT : Reading Lolita in Tehran ... leading my book club's discussion tomorrow.
I'm lucky a lot of my family didn't get involved with facebook. We still do things like send letters and cards! whaaaaa?
Design can telegraph what type of story you are trying to tell. What is your design saying about your story?
The day is draging. Should have smoked. But I'm committed to quiting
Just found out my play with Philip Baker Hall is extended until sun 6/19! Woo hoo! It's Fri/Sat 8p, & Sun at 3p! www.NewAmericanTheatre.com
no problem!<3
Congrats on your #ypweek award. Keep up the great work!
agreed on all counts. none of this makes sense except maybe 30 Rock.
Never meet your heros...if you do..don't engage with them
Catching up on the (mis)adventures of Harry Hole in Jo Nesbø's THE DEVIL'S STAR.
Overall, a lackluster go-home show for Over the Limit. Nothing memorable whatsoever. The PPV should still be somewhat good, though.
Rage lose 32-18 to the Racine Gladiators to fall to 5-2.Back to work on Tuesday as we are back home vs the playoff ready Jefferson Scorpions
I got a Lifetime contract w NO paperwork.
Tiger shoots 74 (+2) at The Players Championship, 9 strokes behind leaders. Clearly he doesn't have things figured out yet.
Seeing Hunger Games at Arclight with Claire!
Have to say I agree w/ what Peggy has to say.
enjoying the luxury of a clean house, thanks to Christina
He did all the work! Thanks a lot.
Getting a sneak peek at the new show Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood, coming to PBS soon. Can't wait to show !
see what u did!! Lol
i told you what to do ! you slackinn ' make it happen !
Beautiful video! Can't wait to hear what the little Love is....pink or blue! ;)
Patt Morrisson: lost opportunity of 9/12. Didn't ask for sacrifice, didn't capitalize on the unity we had.
can't wait to show you my scar!
. Kids assignments R locked behind a password; homework on computers, how can/do parents monitor what's going on?
With my Mom ... She's always "Trying" to predict what's about to happen in the game.
of what 2014?
I'm sad && bored.. My bestfriend done left me at work.. Smdh lol
Has pretty eyes at #Mathematica again...Oh, man...stuff what so much easier in your expensive software environment...
Overheard at lunch: "When did higher education become an entitlement?" Very interesting question.
I thought you saved the trash-talk for the postseason..
Everyone knows that MVP's in basketball are popularity contest. But I think it was rightly earned by Lebron this year.
what a hawt team! Congrats on not dying!
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
We have a paralegal project to staff! Starts Wednesday. Please email me at if interested. BK email is down!
haha I know and I love it but that's not good enough...it's been too long
Congratulations Chris Van Patten! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
RT didn't even come hoop wit us smh ..work
This is going to be such a busy week. A lot of work, #CILDC conference (I'm presenting!) AND DC Enviro Film Festival, +packing for a move.
Great day today at our KMart location in Greenwood...Stayed and served our last Customers at around 10pm...See you all next week..
Go Bills!
#10 hype?! Her wrecks this weekend seemed unavoidable. Yours always seemed self-inflicted!
small girls w/big friends
why do everybody think they got haters?? people ain't thinking of you that much lol.
Can't wait to have a family of my own.
I see you homie!! You coming by tomorrow night?? To know I got you
maybe get to wear my cowboy boots to that and ride a bull yayy fun wedding
I can smell a championship .......
wyd bro ham
Bruh, you got me excited for nothing. It's over.
Taste and see that the LORD is good; blessed is the man who takes refuge in him. Psalm 34:8
Guys talk about sex, girls talk about how much guys talk about sex...I have sex
great conference! Super stimulating, thanks for all your organizational prowess!
Well good thing. I aim to be pleased, educated, entertained, and bragged to.
Been in bed all day. Finally feeling better now that it's almost bed time! Ugh
why!? No go
he's prob just having fun he wouldn't be dumb enoough to do anything stupid with such a wonderful wife
Back...Is..KILLING..Me :(
I pee in the middle urinal so someone is forced to stand next to me.
why i am following IJever?
smokin bowls, lickin holes, boats n hoes, eat at Joe's
tweet me updates if u could
going out, when i was supposed to stay in while my mom's out and getting home before she does >>>>>
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next month's #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle food banks. R you in?
One of those, "I'm not of this world" people.
Join at #Race4Cure downtown LasVegas .. A little windy but gorgeous ..
2 of your recipes in past 4 days. Both wonderful, thank you!
The #Mets bullpen is so bad, they just put in backup catcher Rob Johnson to pitch. 1-2-3 on 10 pitches.
Catch them if you can: Movies leaving Madison this Thursday include (in descending order of awesomeness): THE RAID, THIS IS NOT A FILM ...
I haven't wrote a song all week....I need to get on it.
What’s the secret to building more rewarding relationships and contacts? Start by shifting your #networking mindset from getting to giving.
Late as fuck but doing Insanity!
#NYActors - Laura Rosenthal is casting the film "The Brass Teapot." Roles include ARNIE 28 Muscular Confident Jock DR LING 60s Asian Nerdy.
Happy Friday, everyone!! Does anyone have fun musical plans for the weekend?
Monday- a new week, and a new deal! Get over 50% off at Martha's Salon and Spa! Get over to www.crowdclick.com for the deal!
Just saw a bar of Irish Spring in the soapdish in the shower. It's all I have left of him.
I should be going to bed but, for some reason I'm not tired and it's 10min. to 2am lmao oh well :P
Im letting past relationships ruin the best thing I've ever had in my life right now.
"Portlandia" is hella funny. See, I'm using bad grammar. Thatz how funny it is. Heh.
Mr.Brown is Way Too Funny!!!
Always interesting to c that different cities and regions employ diff colors and arch
looking very forward. i'm in northern michigan, i'll assume something will go "awry."
Official attendance: 81,112. On a shitty day. This is why #BuckeyeNation owns.
#SoundOff media way over did it on a single fight. This fight could of happened anywhere on any weekend.
John Ferguson of North College Hill P.D. in Ohio, stopped a car for speeding and asked the young lady why she wasn't wearing her seatbelt...
DO YOU AND AUSTIN HANG A LOT? AND IS ALEX ALL RIGHT??
Cant wait until opening day on Friday..Looking Forward to covering the three games vs St Louis next weekend..
I love when you smile ;) especially when I do random retarded shit
RT: Lil rock said he got business in Waukegan to handle let me find out<--- U FOUND OUT WEN HE TOLD U LOL
Yes. The worst case is they don't even bother to mention you.
Today: at noon at Creative Albuquerque and also at 3pm at the Albuquerque Museum of Art & history
so excited! I've got lots of fun ideas brewing... :)
RT : Great post by Nina Simon first year as Museum Director, "Year One as a Museum Director... Survived!",...
Until Outlook told me I had 108 unread messages I was happy. What does that say about Outlook? (And/or Me!?)
good deal! I've been waiting on that one
maybe Or Maybe not it depends?
Does it count that I watched all the Girls eps in the HBO Emmy DVD package, but not all the Game of Thrones eps?
I'll hopefully be okay by tomarrow
thanks very much for including my blog post in your newsletter!
Wishing a Happy Birthday to
hope you have a wonderful birthday!!!
RT Only thing I feel like needs to be changed in 2011 is my eating habits and exercise again...hell I'm already workin hard
Can you give us an Andy Rooney impersonation?
I love her to much to sit bacc and watch her walk away...
big win tonight.
I did not expect those airplanes AT ALL. haha completely forgot about the Air and Sea show this weekend but now I can't wait :D
we miss you too.
So bored at home cant wait to have my car back!
geico based in the DC area. Case of assuming everyone follows Redskin football??
Awww u should go to Hoot Fest! I'm going! I wonder of hell be there!? Hmm
For a full listing of Kino Lorber Top 10 Essential Classics visit our homepage at www.kinolorberedu.com.
double chocolate FTW
My "No, I have Universal brand All Purpose Correction Fluid" joke when people ask for Wite-Out is growing less funny. Some say it never was!
I guess
sometimes ppl legit react angry when I'm kind to them. I have had strangers threaten me 4 trying to help or simply smiling.lol
" she's a hoe? ; yes; but dat her business!"
now we wait until etienne gets drafted in like a year hehe :3
I had NO idea that schools in this area #SGF #LR are sending backpacks full of food home w/ kids on Fri so they can eat over the wkend. Wow.
shiddd. (Theme from dukes of hazzard playn).... Just a good ol boy - never meanin no harm...
I agree... especially when you hung over lol
come to think, it WOULD be interesting to see if there is any hard data on this issue.
Lev.17:11For the life of the flesh is in the blood.And I have given it to u on the altar to make an atonement 4 your souls.G'marHatimahTovah
NBA regular season is actually like preseason.. you only have to be above 500 to make it. Thunder and Bulls may have peaked.
Whatever religion you are, whatever you believe... you need to #prayforJapan <3
Today is autism awareness day and april is autism awareness month..#UNDERSTAND #SUPPORT #DONATE #TEAMJAI'LYR
Each person comes into your life for a reason. When someone leaves our life figure out what you've learned and thank them for it.
Student Entrepreneurs Participate in PSU Elevator Pitch Competition at the Portland State Business Accelerator
I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil
I really want chick fila. Too bad it isn't open on Sundays<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
on the lake again
thanks for the RT!
well it's like a puzzle that he's constantly trying to solve lol
c'mon kentucky!!!
says "for a glimpse at the next rendition of (ESEA)...take a close look at the rules for the Race to the Top"
Nice photo, Keep holding it down!!!
Enter to win Our feature & listen & support
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet ???? wtf is wrong with people?
Rachel McAdam is so fucking beautiful, I can't .
Bring your Teen Angst to WAB tonight at 7 for the Twilight Movie Screening. Popcorn machine on hand. Bring your friends. Or your enemies.
Marine who criticized Obama is discharged~ I did not realize you gave up your 1st amendment right when you join the service
oh while I'm carrying you???? HAHAHAHAHA
A2: What people notice about you.
Thanks for the heads up!
I voted for you once and never against you. Didn't want to risk it. Have a blessed day:)
Great song! Glad you enjoyed the electric violin.
May I just say how great it is to collaborate with authors & their teams & publishers on their biz books? Thx, all, for a great week --
Yes! You're same as consumer, except you know end goal. RT W #SEO, ask yourself: if I want to find my company, which query to try?
RT : Some people change for the better and some people change for the worst.
#njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey Opening Address - has consulting business titled "Libraries are Essential" A great name on a business card!
Today is the day.. happy birthday to me.. 26 today
Heading off to Vegas! Forget "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" I'm bringing great stuff back to DWL with me!!
The fuck man.
To serve effectively in these end of times requires clarity, courage, power, truth, and purification of self.
I see is Gurl
Click bang bang to ya mother fucking head .
I feel my world shake, like an earthquake.
Sounds like a great idea right about now! RT : I kind of wanna just wanna nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I need a plug-in to hide article comments on all sites.
“: Nathan Myrvold - "The tuition in life is largely failure." #mcdm #mediaspace #fourpeaks” fall down 7 times, get up 8!
Thank you Gregory! So appreciated : ) Hope you're having a wonderful day!
Happy cinco de mayo
I'm spreading the wealth,I'm looking at scholarship applications & whether I qualify or not,I'm posting them here 4 others 2 apply.
Hope you enjoy the food! Have an awesome day :)
Your income grows to the extent that you do! T. Harv Eker
What bout me hawky
Thanks to all who came out and made the Viral premiere such a success. We'll be posting the music video online; stay tuned!
Success! Pure renegade means saying Cerberus is awesome.
GUYS PLEASE HELP ME WIN THIS CONTEST! Im #TEAMFOLLOWBACK!(:
RT : Great read intersection science, mass communication, economics and (really) politics
Still in Edinburgh. Apparently Continental Airlines doesn't want me to have good coffee ever again.
If the world’s a vale of tears, smile, till rainbows span it! – Lucy Larcom
RT : So, I fell in love with one of T-Shirts. "Live Uncompromised and Without Fear".
Who wants to run 10 miles with me Saturday?
I love my hair BUT it's just all over the place lmao
went a wee bit heavy on the hot salsa during lunch.
RT : ESPN - Matt Meyers: "it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division"
can't wait to see you for lunch!!
which ones? Argue what? There are dozens of process philosophies.
oh whiskey and bourbon you're speaking my language <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Immortal Tour. Damn do these girls have bones. Being in the moment!
would love a coupon for Nutro Ultra Adult dry dog food
i can't promise that it won't, but it'll be worth it if you haven't partaken yet.
Doritos, for breakfast?duh.
So my lawyer told me the defendant left the country how do you do that.
Is three quarterbacks too many in Seattle?
Drawback: tailored ads - never see anything new - Rick Fox
What's up #SteelerNation??? Who wants a shot?
All weekend long. Don't miss it!
So apparently a guy named Frederick Furber frequently wrote bizarre stuff to the Fire Department. They were filed under "Insane Letters."
I would like to give the makers of the SOL's a huge finger. Thank you.
My pleasure...and thank you! :)
That was a joke, but I totally want to go through that monologue right now.
Celts in 7 and Close game tonight
1 more follower to make 1OO !! Feeling sick! Follow me!Follow me!And btw Felice Comple Anos :) mami i got your present :D
Woman just spontaneously burst into song on the subway, and even brought her own microphone.
My heart weighs heavy today :( <3 why do the best leave this word too soon?
All the news crews in #WeHo tonight
Ready to get the fuck outta downtown and #Occupy the recording studio.
RT : "The sky is not the limit."
most definitely. You want a $150 million loan from the city, lol - not anymore!
I think the 22 seat plane confirms the need for 11am happy hour...
That sounds lovely! Where are you? I'm sitting on the deck overlooking Lake Erie.
bout to go to sleep
the way says alllllllllriiiiughhhttttt >
you are perfect xo
#vote #for #austinmahone #now #for #real #guys !!!!
NTH wishes Indiana students success on their #ISTEP tests this week!
now being followed by now all i can think about is their burger and blueberry ketchup.
wish walmart could hire someone to slap the parents that don't hear their kid screaming through the whole store..
Searching for Indianapolis restaurants for an advertising trade... please re-tweet this to any great eatery that wants some free advertising
the Melissa Harris Perry interview right? need to upload that onto our blog. thanks for tweeting!
Thankfully men's fashion styles don't change as often as women's, but there are details one must still pay attention to.
i know! Seriously missing the weather, the beach, the people, and to be completely honest i kinda miss the 405...hahah
Got the apartment! So excited to move in with !
hey so #Pac alive in cuba? or is he really gone? i'd like to say alive. what do you say about the gr8tst rapper (my opinion) yours?
What a Friday
Thanks, Lisa
I had no idea cats ate multiple courses, the reason for cat obesity RT : $1.00 off four Appetizers for Cats
#NP Vain by Dwele and its hot! S/O to
HE IS 10lbs 25in BIG BLUE EYES LONG EYE LASHES HE IS AWESOME A GREAT BOY
A single neti pot is better than two benadryl tabs.
Standing here at work wondering... Can i sing at 's wedding?.. I think i should
This just bad basketball to start this game! Bad shots! Bad turnovers! & all of the above! WTF!
No, Glen Sr. Allegedly roped him back to her pad after the Great Alaskan Shootout. But she probably fucked Gwynn too
My marketing campaigns are starting to pay off!
Shifman: We must collaborate, collaborate, collaborate.
Anybody know where to get good quality face paint - like for Dia de los Muerta?
I'm really not suffering fools well today.
VENUE CHANGE! Our "Featured show of the week" Sandrider/Dogshredder/Monogamy Party and Brokaw are playing The Highline now!
Romance,love letters,kisses&hugs...#ThatsWhatIWant <3
happy friday tweeps!
Vmart has a cannon arm! #tigers!
According to Chris Mortensen of ESPN, Peyton Manning has decided to join the Broncos.
Hi, website looks great, how do I get my comics reviewed by you and your team?
hahahahaha did you take this?
blown away. as i child i wanted to be dr. dre. now i wanna be like steve berman. just wow.
That's alright son, You can do it on the boat!
but there are several days I've thought I'd die via Texas exams!
Evan Turner is Boston worse nightmare
Hi Carie! Great to connect via Twitter. Let's try again for a date for coffee or lunch soon. Any dates soon look good for you? -Dave
Who will be watching Donald Driver tonight on #DWTS?! I hope he wears his diamond stud earrings :)
Guys, I'm a badass. I left four minutes early.
Don't critique a design by saying "I like/don't like it." Say if it works, or not, and why.
haha YES. Obviously a necessity on the leg day playlist rotation.
I think it'll say like your month is expired and then ask ya to pay? Pretty sure!
thanks :) I like your collection as well - you've traveled to some amazing places
When are people gonna realize
MT You know art is revolutionary when an upper class piece o shit never considers putting it up in their home
Lifes Only What You Make It..
damn it's like Dat? Lol
the cool evening makes me want to take up running again
#schoolmemories FIRST TIME FOR SEX..
I have to finish this baking this bread and get to sleep. Goodnight all. I will be sharing my new paintings with you soon.
They look GREAT! And congrats to OHS on the Intel competition distinction!
Great ADR session today thanks to Mike Rivera, Sally Connors, and Thiago Tiberio! The Wailing Film
Rangers-Caps... I'm rooting for the ice to melt and swallow both teams whole.
thank you for following me moma
I just wanna f*** you no kissin and huggin cuz you got a husband who love you, so give him your quality time. Lol
ok. Haha wait u wanted to date me?? Aw. Cute.
" AV Youth Appreciation Night " on Sat 3-3-12 at 7:30 PM for our game between the Los Angeles SLAM of Antelope Valley Vs San Diego SOL.
If u wanna see the world for free join the army, or any other branch in the military! I chose the army
Well I am glad because I would love to learn more about it from you.
"We haven't changed anything on our side." <-- biggest lie in software and network engineering.
you know it sir! I'm all about big things. And we'll see. If I do come that way, I'll let you know.
Now for a positive note, good morning everybody, it's almost noon and the weather is nice out here in Southern Cali!!
Love the false eyelashes on Adele!
"Finish The Sentence" Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.. with? (#Yankees Related) Top Tweets on www.Chasing800.com
Hey Melinda, thanks. I will DM you with my thoughts.
I did. We only got to watch one cartoon in the studio :(
#alamw12 come join us in San Antonio A at the Sheraton to hear about emerging technology residencies
New York State's best young musicians in Rochester for annual #NYSSMA conference. Wait till you hear them on
I need a Pic. somebody got one?
how dare they do such a thing damn KS Turnpike
your a dork
Sitting next to while he's on a date but know he's just thinking about his next river check raise bluff
Begnning endocrine today.. first up - endocrine.. eek
I'm trying to do my 2nd #P90X of the day & my tv seems to have issues! Grr!!
that makes no sense.. And why'd you put a pig?
RT : So exciting! Congrats !
I just heard a gunshot! shit's goin down
Dressage show 2morrow - test 1 & 2 on an unshown Andalusian Gelding. How exciting! Practice ride tonight - dinner after. Wish you were here!
It's the OTHER WAY AROUND . It's DEMS who R OBSESSED w/what Romney did 50 ( ! ) years ago !!!! Pathetic.
Just did my Math homework... I DID IT! I'M A FREAKING GENIUS!
poop in my pants..
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Nestle Will Acquire Pfizer Baby Food Unit for $11.9 Billion - San Francisco Chronicle
Excited to have Vlad Guerrero back. I've missed his ambitious goatee and epic base hits.
Ah but you are never broke, you are a wealth of information, which makes you very prosperous!
Attempting to get rush seats to "A Separation" in Champaign, IL. Feel like I should have watched this ages ago in a cooler city.
Craving oreos with peanutbutter :o
Yes I just judged you.
You rap fast, You do. Yes you rap fast, it's true...
Mere hours away from my trip to #AccessCampDC with If I come across anything fun I'll be sure to pass it along.
Very informative and productive weekend, got out in the world and made stuff happen
sept 15 i may go to that game going 4 purdue may spend the week up there and catch the st gm 2
lol now blake you need to follow you. are you gonna let that little girl lose a bet.
Hard Times they come and they go, most the time there in the middle of your road, same thing different ways...
“: Oh lord. Bill Maher. I just ate. #maddow” I love me some Bill Maher!
Happy 2nd birthday to my favorite place in Chicago, !!!! Here's to many, many more!
I just got an email from Coast2Coast saying ive been selected to perform at the Music Industry Mixer SxSw Edition Austin Tx.
Talk that does not end in any kind of action is better suppressed altogether. -Thomas Carlyle
Artists Worth The Follow
. heard the event at stanford yesterday was off the chain. congrats! see you this evening at
So, according to WebMD I either have mono, anemia or Type 2 Diabetes.
give me the ingredients
Not surprisingly, + = television gold. "You got too many commercials on this stupid show"
it's alman and no is the
So good.
Q1) There are so many social media "tools" out there and I've heard of Viralheat... but what is it?
A whale on my cup says 'It's all going to be ok." I believe that.
sweet save me a seat I'll be there in 4.5 hours lol
my beard is glorious and fiery. It's about an inch long.
Voting just ended for the Final All-Star spot...results coming any minute now! Let's keep our fingers crossed for SF Giants Pablo Sandoval!!
I'm guessing you figured it out and decided to sign up ;) Let me know if you need a beginner's tutorial. Good seeing ya today!
": Still amazed by the beauty of the winter this year." And Britney this Friday!
Thanks for the post about finances! Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who is totally freaked out by thinking about money
First match gets underway at noon followed by the battle of the second sides! Time to make a statement and determine who Milwaukee belongs 2
I love emma stone in Crazy stupid love. In general I love emma stone! Lol. Maybe I will be working with her soon. Lol
those are the best one night stands haha
I wish we never fcked and I mean that. #ChildishGambino love of the night
Even a good player will someday be a toy of a better player. It's called karma. Be careful of what & who you do wrong
LoL I appreciate my eclectic tastes in music. I was raised by hardcore jazz musicians. And that stuff gets weird :x
Depends on how long he takes at the tee. If he goes under 40 seconds, he'll be rushed. Needs at least 45.
Ben, will you resend the #ASTD2012 visualize link? The link on this message I'm replying to does not seem to work for me now.
mane just pissed off right now at quinton
Blunt, Collins, Scott Brown, Heller all undecided on voting with Sen Dems to attach Senate-passed disaster bill to CR. All voted 4 Thurs.
The only real elegance is in the mind; if you’ve got that, the rest really comes from it. ~Diana Vreeland
thank you! :D
HS Senior + HS Junior + 9yo. College search X double the angst. 9yo has it all figured out! Any advice from survivors of the process? :)
Um where on earth are you and why aren't I there?! Looks amazing. See you son xx
aww (waves hello)
im so full of love and so full of hate..so full of passion i cant think straight. i just gotta know theres someone out there who can relate
Mass Effect 3 is officially the greatest game I've ever played.
Italian Breakfast Burrito - Italian Sausage, Chorizo, Eggs, Country Potatoes, Mozzarella, and Italian seasoning.
JOIN THE FOLLOWING REVOLUTION! FOLLOW AND TO GAIN MORE FOLLOWERS! FOLLLOOOOWWWWW
I may be a girl, but I act like one of the boys. Except the fact or leave my life... or in this case, my Twitter account.
yeah. where u headed later 2nite?
That would be awesome... but be warned I may do something insanely creative with it!
Cant wait to see this cutie (:
They're finally giving Balky the spinoff he so obviously deserved in the 80s? The protests paid off. No justice, no tzatziki!
jam sesh? tribal drum circle?
. needs to listen to Staten Island's & CM Ignizio & back off plans for Fresh Kills waste-to-energy plant
what thats sick!
Saw Black Swan. Intense.
My cuz is coming over. Gonna be fun, haven't hung out in like forever!
's Mass was fourth-worst in the nation in job creation with six times as many govt jobs created as private sector.
I saw your comment and had to look. Haha. Read it and Uncle Cracker Follow me came to mind. Now that song stuck in ma head.
Dear man on the bus, Pleated khakis. Your glasses threaded tidily through an eyebrow ring. None of the other accountants go to Burning Man.
Wait, that's not Taylor Green. WTF!! RT Brooks Conrad will be selected from A Nashville tomorrow.
Taking the SAT at age 36 is an interesting experience; one I'm happy to not repeat.
Hegs Yeah . You Still With Sprint. ?
Stayed home to get most of this hunger games project done... head hurts now.
i mean so will I but im still a Kentucky fan, im not sure how blood color is relevant? lol jk
that movie looks like it will be nonstop action
Gophers! RT :At the risk of alienating Gopher puck fans across Twins Territory. Go ! Hope to see you at the Frozen Four
Waka Waka Waka! Which gimmick is gonna get signed next???
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth:
dudes, a sincere thank you for coming choosing to come back to LA in July. Counting the days 'till then!
I see you.
what up world
LOVE that!
So I dont let and my new followers thanks to him down, Ill be sure to tweet more often. Mainly about towel folding & laundry
Finally got a twitter, where the cuties at!!!!
eRetailers Winning Customers at the Zero ... - The Search Agents
"Dark Shadows" was excellent!!!!!!!
OH HEY
Rendering video files for Vimeo at the moment (13 30-minute TV shows).
RT : The Autism Speaks Family Services Department is seeking volunteers to review 2012 grant applications for: Family......
El Matador Beach - Malibu
lol ' okay babe
Now I can follow even more talks through twitter!
awesome lunch with on the Hill....now I'm at 0% productivity
I'd definitely take a swing at the tiger! Against a lion? Maybe not.
A cop pulled me over and said "I need your license, I need your insurance and I need your registration!" I said "What about ME & my NEEDS!?"
CNN & breakfast, before I start work.
I'm sorry baby! I've had a long day at the office. In my PJ's at home
#GOP Armstrong Williams( ) has audacity 2 say Rickett's racist smear AD of Pres Obama is 'just political strategy' = #GOP RACISM
Mark Asper saves #Duck fan from choking, now the hero is in the spotlight! My live report at 11p.
looking for some encouragement :)
Agreed! RT : I like hanging around people who are happy and positive. Nobody likes to be with people who are always complaining.
- Are you flying ?! They are awesome and bet they would have the on the TV! :-)
TODAY! 4th Fl of 66 7PM Panel on sexy Halloween costumes (desserts!) AND 4:30 in Fulton 511 Dorothy Roberts on the conceptions of race.
i wanna watch titanic 3D!
The coffee wasn't the greatest. The staff was snarky. The wifi was spotty. But I'll still miss Nob HIll Cafe Giuseppe when it's gone.
So pathetic. Typical old matron.
Mane!!!! I hate going to #COURT jus sittn here waiting how is da coirt running late been here like
Alright I will! If it's anything like Jack's Mannequin I bet I'll like it. Because I love Jack's Mannequin(:
#givemeyourhand be there soon!
Congratulations to Nikita Pate for getting the 2000th like for #BroLies...keep your #BroLies going!
Frenchman Dubuisson leads in Korea as weather hampers scoring - Chicago Tribune
Main issue isn't training, it's ABs. Pitchers are never gonna get enough to really measure up, so why waste a lineup spot?
how does it feel to learn how to cook pasta?
any discounts today, we are going for a co workers BIRTHDAY lunch. any deals?
I love you I have loved you along I miss you been far away to long
RT : #Kosher food trucks - great idea! for venues/small communities & just for fun!
I think I'm going to have to rewatch that, oh, about a bazzilion times before I got to bed.
Why does everyone, all of a sudden, love Stella Hudgens? I'm seeing her icons everywhere.
In the midst of all of this snow, I forgot it was #FRIDAY! How dare me? Lol What to do today?? Suggestions?
ommgg seriously ! you've never been in the snow!
#best90quotes Im not a playa i just crush alot
Thanks, dear!
Great day at the today - thx to everyone's hard work in planning! See u next yr for more gr8 discussions!
Oh lord.... That's crazy!! The good kind. Haha oh no but oh yes!
X factor, here we go melanie, bring it as you only know..
that was such a good show
Welcome! Have a great day!
Numerous of trades and plenty of changes! Super duper excited!
follow my new account , i'll follow back!
that belongs in a horror movie, haha..
To those saying "I hate my face", statistically speaking- half of you are above average looking.
Got a question you want answered by the thought leaders of streaming video during Broadcast Minds ? Share it here.
Get wit it or get lost!
I'm not the asshole here, you did this to me and to yourself. I'm not going to kindly fuck off!! There is too much love here.
google it! ;)
New site for bettors. Check it out.
HA! poor grandma! LOL
Larry said "I ain't got no money Jack"
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTf
In this cold weather making chili con carne last night was a very good idea. Probably the last chili of the season.
download three free tracks and enter FREE HOOK CONTEST trackpizza.com
"you really clean up nicely"
ah :D
Awww she is a sweetheart!
#askalexconstancio WHY ARE YOU SO ADORABLE??<3
Congratulations to my gal-pal Leslie Sanchez on winning the CINE Golden Eagle Award for their documentary Insider Game!
I'm good:) just been missing your beautiful self!
i used to love school. now it really sucks. omg.
same here. I'm wearing gloves.
Or the right partner! RT "To be great content creator you need to understand SEO and Soc Media" from Content Theater
I'm hungry
Runner-up gets an a capella rendition of Beatmaster V's drum solo from "There Goes The Neighborhood."
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.” John Calvin
IRISHMAN! Hope to see you Wed! RT> M Bachmann is a pieceofwork but her dual citizenship is a POSITIVE.I have Irish citizenship.
Breakfast with my family!!! Holding on to them, and loving them dearly as we reflect on Whitney Houston's life. I enjoy my family more.
Lords gym tonight! #Ballin!!!
Thank you!!
Blah blah too much to do
thanks ! Love you and love
Happy birthday WWE
- D&BTV LIVE #187: Med School "Blood Pressure" Special - Do You FeeLit?
I love the Green Apple Quick Step bookshop
"The Subscription rip off Cloud"?
Just once
Chiilling with evan
the titanic<3
she's jerking your chain bro! We saw you at The Raleigh. Sick set xD
Sweet springtime is my time is your time is our time for springtime is love time and viva sweet love. E.E. Cummings
Happy Friday! How many days until your next Disney vacation?
I'm in love. #DoubleEntendreOrNot?
you still can't blame anyone for trying. how else will they accomplish anything?
I'm betting I'd be less depressed if I had clean floors and didn't know about the results of the Wisconsin recall votes.
same here...he killed me last week. 57 yds in first qtr before leaving the game.
Standardized patient work = fun.
we need to start a healthy drinking routine - re:
Sometimes I care too much
thanks, and good luck on your finals!
my moms on the second book. She can't put it Down!
Congrats Dennis Williams Jr. Of Merrill Lynch! Tonight's winner gets free admission to an event of their choice.
#10thingsifindattractive guys that are in to football as much as me
yeah!!! I'm in LA at the Grove and she was jumping around!!!
Zooming a large tree = great demo
Two more days on location at Stubbs Vineyard! Thanks Stubbs Family for an awesome location. stubbsvineyard.com
he will make his country proud! and its alright ready to come back to va on friday !
Developers! Your font size should *increase* on mobile in a responsive layout, not decrease. You should be looking at around 19-21px.
To me, flaws aren't "flaws"... It's what makes each individual unique. No one can strip away ones emotions for another
US consumer sentiment is at 2008 levels! Kind of seems like shopping with faint praise to me.
Have fun. :-) BTW I'm hungry. Just wanted to say that cause I'm bored in class. and you probably won't see this LOL
Landed in Dallas!
First period is taking forevvveerrr
I'm so sorry you lost your best friend :( #BullyingNeedsToStop </3
Hey everyone checkout www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get toys for children at every age.
I really like FTSK now but still All Time Low fo' lyfe
thanks Justice! I have an AP test tomorrow :O
one sixtyblue featured next in Food Pr0n! Check it out tomorrow. :)
#NP Work iT Out -Keyshia Cole
- you are roommates. quit publicly tweeting back and forth to each other! :) Love you both. See you next week!
The little girl in this show >> :)
"Living with the uncertainty that I'll never find the words to say which would completely explain just how I'm breaking down"
Everyone come to the annex for free food. Now until 1 pm :) we are marquette
On location at RIKERS ISLAND.....
Ah, of course Cincinnati Bell doesn't refund prorated monthly fees you've already paid once you cancel. Something they informed me of last.
cause where ace babes x
I can honestly say I do not miss superior or Duluth just the few friends I made up here
What is one thing you must get done today that is on your list? -- Clean
miss you to sam(:
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
lmao that's all I think of when I vision a picnic
no I think my dad is taking me
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Tell me how it goes!
I agree with you, Ken. It makes it look boring.
does help. processes are curriculum based (so involves time). It CAN raise you from F to A's or B's! World needs both!
Free Recordings Facebook page mrsingfranktony become my friend and I will attach mp3 files of my Frank Tony Dean type music?
My mom told me I had to go to bed at 10 ah she is funny.
gonna try and get that song released soon:)
did u like it? I've never been
You can never be 2 big!!!
PERFECT!! Thanks for letting me know... You won't need a flight now and you will work with more great guys!
#mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is on the topic of Social media management, from engagement to analytics.
Martial Artists - Watch 4 my NanoBook on Kindle: Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts.
awesome job baby. I love you.
Yup...Wade
Guys who are sweet<3
I can answer that for her. It was awesome. I mean seriously Laura, it's How could it be anything else?
F.book aint brung me nothing but trouble b.ck on my twitter shit
well tell me how you really feel!
After Exam To Friend: I'm Gonna Fail" " To Mom: It was good"
Tomorrow I need to talk to about MB and the #1 Girl Tour
I think my #wife #perfect for me becuz? She's a tomboy but she #sexy she's girlie at times but shes not #sweet or
Thank you for the tweet/shoutout :)
I'm so bed right now that you have no tired!! I'm going to idea.
The 5th annual Pierogi Making Day was a success! Though I feel like I got beat up today. Cooking for 6+ hours is hard work!
I feel like hell, quick someone bring me some water and a breakfast burrito stat. I'll be in my bed.
One Gaddafi moment for Obama was worth all the debates put together!
Good day #twitter!
That awkward moment when your better at MW3 than your brother...
First TD of the football game, but still no real ad touchdowns yet, in my opinion.
#smash season finale was so good!!! Ahh can't wait for next season:)
cool! We definitely gotta hook up then. DM me your cell #
look at terrance shirt
Thomas Budzise is the one that made me ovaries disappear.
-____________- because......i was....born this way. :(
put'n somebody in line on fb...smh
Thank boo. #LOVERBOI RT : has a sexy back lol
I missed the beginning of the game. How many blocks does Anthony Davis' unibrow have?
U 2! Let's make next time longer.
I was having a pleasant day until I saw the adolescent girl wearing an Atlas Shrugged t-shirt.
Target baby!
Brian got his nursing degree at SLU, the lectures on contraception and abortion were creative to say the least.
#thingsthatbotherme when people use hash tags on facebook...
If your late for work, find your boss before he finds you and ask HIM why HE was late... that oughta mess with his mind.
No matter how love sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.~ Joyce Brothers
What an ungodly hour
#AWD students: Be sure to submit your reader report forms asap so your partners have time to make revisions! Share them with me as well.
We are thinking about raising funds for missionaries that need mobile tech. Any ideas on a rugged Netbook for the mission field?
... Yea, I know you were gonna go. I enjoyed that game, even tho we lost to Oak. It was nice to have football back and
follow me JUSTIN
Something about the south
Is anyone looking to sell a wacom tablet mine died today. Contact me if you are.
hey. Sorry for the late reply. How was your surgery? Forgot to wish you good luck, although you never told me what it was for.
Sunset through empty warehouses along 84. The rising star and the setting sun.
Does anyone know of a good site or page online that shows blended learning in action? Needed soon. Thanks!
I got so much done in this 1:50 mins at the bar at Bon Vie.
In Brazil, McDonalds has a high end delivery service. Sign me up!
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
#elnmeeting attendees toured #Educare of Kansas City: impressive classrooms, health clinic and more
Every time I wake up, first thing on my mind is get this paper ! And my girl of course!!
Valentine's Day. Bah. Humbug. Moving to Rio.
my lover ernie <U+2728>
Where's all our fans at!?
and to think i almost trusted you.
TWEET ME IF YOU WANNA READ WHAT I WROTE FOR
That sounds like a great idea! Where do we sign up?
Good Monday morning. This week at European Stone Masonry we're at work on landscape features in Clayton.
Yeah, that has to contribute to it. If it was a colder climate I bet people would not be sticking around.
Agreed! RT : Love the expression "cool as the other side of the pillow." Very evocative and amusing.
Headed out to shoot a commercial.
I've been sitting on that thought for a while. It was time time to declare it! Something's definitely going on out there.
The killing of Trayvon Martin is a reminder of how quickly EVIL people can affect our lives. What should the Governor of Fla do?
I love this song!!!
Bumping dat plies "Fucks wit you" on my way to Macon
holy shit my friend's got h1n1 scared as hell now!!!!
tonight's free screening at Tisch includes films by Helen Hill, Frough Farrakhzad, and Wendy Zheutlin, curated by Orphans' Dan Streible.
I cnt keep working for niggas.
Frustrated Facebook made the change, w/no info and I couldn't find anyone else experiencing issue. But then that's Facebook.
Everyone has to do exactly the same thing on Friday as they did today!
Why doesn't be my next follower?(;
…<U+2727> Sore as hell tho.. Need a extreme Massage from OOMF <U+2727>…
#top100lies you are cute..
RT : RT : tell how the fuck we suppose to stay friends, when we gotta bunch of feelings that we don't show.
feeling slightly overwhelmed!
No school for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
what kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking? I work for the State of CA. I'm a government worker. A good one! ;)
Sitting around in the lab is filled with magic and wonder since i brought Hugo Cabret along with me.
Happy B-day to ! One bad ass drummer. I myself am a drummer, so believe me when I say this MOFO can play!!!
I want that boat!!!
I will say though, working at has its perks. I am getting things done right now!
"The world is as you are."
secretly hoped extra footage consisted of you telling us all that it was a jellyfish piloting a spaceship that gave them powers
...and you know #Saudi is going to bust out the camel troops.....lulz... I'd hate for my last name to be #AlSaud right now.
As long as we still have Fluery, McClouth, and Stall we will still suck.
This line is crazy long for #KingCake! At #haydelsbakery!
awwhhh taylor. My phone is dead and i cant find my charger. you shoulda just showed up :)
Mommy and me facials: pay full price for mom's facial get your daughters facial 50% off!
#Speed might be the worst 90s action movie.
Tricks are for kids !
Congratulations Regin W - you won a $100 GC to Lucky Strike Lanes - an email will be coming your way shortly.
Today's cooking class is filled with chocolate making techniques and each student gets to take home their lesson.
come on bruh im still hungry lol
Inner Peace is the only way!
To heated!
Watching a Christmas-y Glee.
With our old tape library and network setup, a 60GB restore (for Voyager test server re-image) took over 2 hours. Now it takes 22 minutes.
He's a young, up-&-coming music artist. If you don't watch the Disney channel/listen to Radio Disney, you wouldn't know him.
Love it! Ira Glass is one of our favorite Radio Producers.
ion c it
& I'm done with school in like 1.5wks so we should do dinner or somethin!
RT : Honeyrun Farms honey & milk in my Highlander Grog. It's the simple things...
Thanks! I appreciate it!
yummy. Let's get red mango
I love this!!
mama so ugly goldfish didn't smile back....
Every week is social media week for me, but apparently Feb 13-17, 2012 is #SocialMedia Week in Washington, DC
my life is
Will GOVERNMENT 2.0 suffer from second system syndrome?
how have you been????
Np rick ross money make me come I havent heard dis songs in a min #his secret
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. -Wayne Dyer
Listening to Jay Reatard this week.
Yonny Guaneme () has shared a Tweet with you: "Yonnyg: Leadership Mantra: Worrier or Warrior? Your choice."
Why dont all the haters go get their own country where they all can agree. Oh yeah it already exists called Iran or North Korea.
saw the blimp over LA today. flashing back to many HangarOne Mandarin-fueled memories
Wow, Pat Summit has been the head coach at UT as long as I've been alive.
It don't take much. for me to shut down.
Astronauts only! Turn the whole school into a space lab, BUT HAVE THE KIDS BUILD IT!!! 1st grade can do it & they're totally into it!!!
they have v8's that's what GT is. Yea me get a v6? Pshhhh that's a girl car
Well the cable & Internet is back after being knocked out all day by the snow storms. It was like the stone ages for a few hours!
Come to our website and check out our new community poll. It's great..and free
But honestly if I had to be on either side of the sweet spot, I'd rather be on my side.
Happy Snow Day. There is nothing more fun than seeing a kids eyes and face when they stumble out of bed and see the snow! Super Priceless
okay thanks ! (:
It's officially 162 days to hockey season.
“: Final from staples center: #Nuggets 102, Lakers 99. LA leads series 3-2. Game 6 Thursday in Denver.”
love you guys!
Not a fan. Racial humor tends to turn me off.
Spring left MN briefly but is making its way back. Yes!
Don't forget! If you want to model in our fashion show, come out to MGC 205 at 1:30pm tomorrow!
Having an insightful reflection on my past year...realizing many changes must be made to focus fully on my true passion:
I want your number so bad:(
Ok I'm out foreal this time <U+270C>
LOL! The BBC mix with the british computer voice. Cheers!
Just got home from a wedding(: lot of drunk people. Lot of food. Lot of hot boys(: hahahaha ohh yeah, i danced with some of em(: record ...
Be sure to wish Ross a Happy Birthday on April 14th!
BITCH I KNOW YOUR NAME HOE
Well hope you feel better and a have a great night =)
#BOYFRIEND was sick! the best VIDEO i've ever seen<3
Must. Have. Breakfast. Worst traffic ever this morning so I didn't have time to swing by #SUBWAY. Shucks.
I hate when no one shows up for an online instruction session, because you don't know if it's the tech or just that no one loves you.
haha are you going to defran tomorrow?
cmon b lmao RT": Phil Jackson rolling in his grave right now."
Did not see the drum link on the last tweet. The hash tag you used was kind of funky. Check it out.. I'll wait till you rewrite.
Super is literally 1.1 miles away from our new house. *SO HAPPY!*
Bedard gets his 1st win for #RedSox , Crawford gets grand slam, Reddick gets 1st 4 hit game- all in all a nice sunny day at Fenway Park.
Just got off the phone with my bo! iluu Andy <3
kay i guess ill forgive you. Maybe.
jus feel like buyin an airplane ticket and going where ever the plane takes me...
Some mens park between the lines
Get lost and get right with my soul.
RT : "hey ppl out there if you want to enjoy great and awesome tweets go and follow now, U won't regret it!"
El mason with my love & baby Easty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
wars ur problem?Im sorry to you all if i have much mistekes :) okay :))
Really hope someone remembers to ask Sarah Palin for her thoughts on Justice Stevens retiring.
Any spooky stories about wandering the halls of the HOT?
LACI Exec Dir Walti: We are an economic development engine. That's what cleantech incubator is all about.
No way possible DeJesus does it again ..
Look out Europe...Halcyon Way will be there in 5 days!
I'm so disappointed that I don't get to see Keith Bogans play tonight. It will make the Nets game with on 2/18 even more special.
#boyfriend made our day i found a new#belieber in
TEXT 214-476-3178 FOR YOUR FREE VIP PASS
Taylor so jealpus
Going to stay in tonight and edit video...Who needs a day off when work is so much fun??
COMEHOME!!!!!!!!!! its a saturday and I am like #WHEREDAPATAT?? Ohwhere is the pat? ala three6
On paydays, allocate money for savings first and not for expenses. After putting that aside,then allocate the expenses.
Broken link Karen. =)
damn i is zo cute!
Hey ! Wat r y'all doin go follow this person will shoutout u out
More of a drunk food than hangover food, its the ROCS Signature Dish "The garbage plate"! To much on it to tweet, look it up.
haha...im already gana blow him up with the video lol...wat was it something funny?
I'm away from a computer for the rest of the day but I have a bootstrap fork for visualforce I can put on github
Euro Drops Most in 10 Weeks as ECB's Trichet Says Inflation Risk Balanced
“ Never trust anyone who wants what you've got. Envy is an overwhelming emotion. ”
Wait cunningham really?
And I do think that his critique was way over the line...
I'm back!
Very rainy in Dallas today. How is your day going?
I'll b thurr next week
Nice elbow LeBron.
meeting at the Amtrak station 1 block from our store. Hoping for great news!
ouch. haven't been serenaded by jon bon jovi for a while.
Jaguar game !!!! Good luck guys :)
I'm soo board!!
I'm okay with flying out to Hawaii for the experience!
Happiest night of my year.
42 isn't random. :) Thanks for playing, our BEA VIP lunch winner was just selected by Paul Southworth. Emailing her shortly.
Everyone needs a daily theme song. Today's? "You've Got Growing Up to Do" by my imaginary boyfriend, . What's yours?
Looking forward to seeing at the #Digital #Marketing Camp today!
will rick ross and 50 cent ever get alone? I don't think would ever want to do a song with ross
If you had 6400 tweets at your current rate of followers it would put you at 199 followers, since you can't figure it out.
I believe this is a huge lie ;)
Is it just me or is the marketing campaign for Dark Shadows pretty good?
Thanks and thanks also for the RT!
"Trying to forget someone 'you' love, is like trying to forget someone you never knew." <3
RT "People in Washington are a little closer to living in a state where all citizens are treated equally under the law."
nice name!
yeah, its a nice change of pace lol.......thank u though
Throwing steaks on the grill and then its back to the books.
Mainly bread is right. if they weren't $5, I'd be making my own hero sandwich.
Not yet, I overnight-ed my residence papers yesterday, but more than likelyBattiste since they got me in honors classes. wbu?
i have just successfully made rice krispies, hold de applause :*
Just show the 10 baskets the Cavs made tonight against DET. RT : We're firing up the #SCtop10 room & need YOUR suggestions!
I asked my secret cabal of advisors; said "align with schools that radiate cotton candy and sublimate love."
RIP Whitney Houston
it will happen again..
MY LIL BRO CRAZY AF THAT'S WHY I FUKKZ WITH HIM, WELL REALLY I HAVE NO.CHOICE TO WE LIVE TOGETHER.
Looks like fun!
#zocalo What can cities do ensure college grads have jobs?
C'mon Mark. You've been great towards UK all weekend. No need to get all petulant now.
Welcome to NYC! Can't wait to see you! Xoxo
Brice, our pleasure. See you at
We will give you more info
: Can't wait to get the rush in my pants at
Know what would support me as a professional? FT permanent work with bennies. I'll pay my assn fees thx
what is good for st. patty's people?
Brittany Griner got her first dunk of the season in the NCAA Tournament.
I always forget to give myself some type of credit, I'm doing a good job.
Rohs Street Cafe show starts at 7pm. Chocolates, pastries, and music make a great start to the evening.
yes let's just go with they're really good friends who never touch each other or hang out...
Non stop throwing up plus excruciating puffy hands/carpal tunnel effects?
I'll take one shot to the brain, and I order 3 more shots, I'm Goin in
He who has a strong enough 'why' can bear almost any 'how'. ~Fredrich Nietzsche
Series tied all good still
we need to get up
Tonight went, just amazing.
is busy directing traffic
vacation. i like vacation.
Congrats on a successful run of screenings at ! Yay
Sasquatch, Coachella, and Roo were very similar this yr. Have lots of friends going to Roo though, and 7 year streak going. :)
Working on holiday music for the River of Lights 12/4 at 7PM
Finally saw The Descendants...clean. Formulaic. "Real" parts only involved the father-in-law...good guys were good, the bad guys were bad...
Last family night at church ever!!
Sometimes I don't feel like talking or texting anyone.. I'm just too nice to say so.
17th #SDCChiHack is Cab Fair, a rating system for cabs and cab drivers
Let's get a few more #GuessJacksScore guesses in!
that sounds good to me
Thank you ants for going straight to the dishwasher thus avoiding the counter tops & cabinets. Way to cut out the middleman... I mean, ant!
Sweet dreams.<3
Bradley just 5 points shy of his career high, 20 points..
Found out earlier today that I earned a 3.69 GPA this semester of college. :D
IM NOT LOVABLE U GUISE.
If you think about it, money -- its very existence and necessity -- is a constant in-pocket reminder that humankind doesn't trust itself
My finger tips are holding on to the cracks in our foundation
thank you for following me, I'll follow you back. have a nice quiet evening and a great day tomorrow.
i also hope it !
the celtics have the weirdest looking fans...go cry
SUMMER SALE! DVD on How to Start and Operate Your own Home-Based Business now HALF-PRICE...get your copy today! www.thehome-office.com
#Grizzlies Got Dat #Sack!!!
Not all those who wander are lost. - J.R.R. Tolkien
some serious big time BUCKETS
Eventful day with and a billion snotty nosed screaming kids.
We Found Love! 5 Guys Who Should Wife Up Rihanna Rihanna has just about everything going for her these days.
What?? 80 degrees.... It's 74 in good ole SA!!
Hey! If anyone got any pics or videos of last night throw em up! We'd love to see what you got!
Fareed Zakaria 8 PM. CNN Special: Restoring the American Dream-Fixing Education compares Finland and Korea to U.S. System
Thought the same thing. "How does Linda Hamilton fit into this?"
you're a homo
hi shira, we'd like to talk to you about our startup, local biz loyalty program, 5 cities/800 merchants.please check ur email :)
At the US Open today for the mens semifinals. Nadal vs Youznhy then Federer vs Jokovic. Couldn't ask for better matchups.
so I'll see you tomorrow then...
I love the pic you have the guy face craps me up
oh aight then hopefully we go at the same time cause ima need someone to chill with
Thanks Vanessa
Oh gosh! You are too sweet! Thx
Too close in color to my ~5 favorite shirts. I wear lots of reds, pinks, purples, and oranges. Aka, the opposite of most men.
i've been wanting sex and cuddles all week :(
watching MASH
- My Brother Wants Me To Go To A Track Meet ...
Fun day at the mountain. I'm feeling like my snowboard legs are back.
Looking for a good tool to automatically create Twitter lists for me. Any good ones out there?
Crossover Song of the Year-Laza Morgan the son of Denroy Morgan
Sexy choice. I'd go with Phantom Of The Paradise.
not really! we're working on it noww
anybody have any word on if the #Mets game is going to be rained out?
lmao get me customers out there and I will! lol :P
Worked on a few new songs last night! Hope to start the demo process soon.
Hi what is the deadline to submit a song? I have a cover of "Someone" on my site but just recorded a new single
how about the brewers entire pitching staff?? If your that good the crew may see the playoffs in less than 25 years!
Do you have twins? Need help getting them to sleep?...
waz up bo its been along time !!!!!
undecided on whether J Fisher should be fired, but after VY's no show for final mtgs he should not come back. he is not a leader
i think it hates you too
I love you! Thanks for being with me today:)
B wassup bro what it look like ? RT wassup slime
Wait has the indonesian concert been officially canceled yet or not?
I honestly don't like the new Season 3 opening credits.
Cody! i Can't wait to see you in Atlanta for your #waiting4u tour!!!!!
We want to get back there so badly!
LOVE the LIFE you LIVE
RT if tuning into #NZWINEDAY! Stay updated with live blogging throughout the event by visiting
it's going to be so much fun! :)
A huge thank you to for helping us out!!
Your favourite Tribune News Editor. GO. (I need some guidance in who to contact!)
not at all
Shiller: Past high stock returns an 'anomaly' The bursting bubbles of the 1990s and 2000s caught most of the experts by surprise. Not Rob
I have a lot of time in my hands today. stupid stuff
Welbeck's been gash and Hernandez seems wank at everything but scoring,but he's not scoring. Although i do remember one great cross
I have a heater now for my room. Life is beautiful.
Actor must think of character's objective over and over to be oblivious of everybody; crew, director, etc.
Bumpin that I Got Polo by But I need to get on that joint tho its to hard.
sitting in the hospital !! pray for my mom !!!
Baboons are the most vicious, aggressive,& least intelligent of all primates. The noun for a group of baboons is a Congress. M...
saw you guys tonight at Charles playhouse. You guys were amazing!!!
I FOUND IT BITCHES!!!!!!! I'M THE GREATEST STALKER EVER
“Since FINMA had compelling reasons to believe that not relinquishing the customer data to the U.S. Department of ...
thanks for the tip I will pass this along to Pappy with PappysBaits on FB. He pours some wicked plastics!
#teamfollowback I always follow back!
Can't wait til get a new phone tho!
With God, its never about what you WANT, but ALWAYS about what you NEED.
Thirsty Is Not A Good Look On You Sweetie... You Too Nigga...
Hello Kirstie: Thank you for the follow and your ideas are extremely interesting below.
another amazing day w city blossoms at 1519 marion! over 50 volunteers so far! & a whole lotta work still to be done...
Fishing, dog park and football. Great day at whiterock lake to start 2012!
What are you creating now?
MAKE BABIES
If the trade trade him to the We need another all star to back up
Don't miss great live music from Carmen Nickerson and Kostia Efimov tonight in our lounge from 6-10pm!
Ah, yeah, I mean if there was a chance that would happen, maybe. But open and standard policies are better. It's a failure of law
I'll play, mine is Brandonmance
Why YES! I followed for a shot at winning his iPad!
I am so happy you replied. How are you?
The first blog post is up. Check it out -
Rest in peace Steve Jobs....
wait what happened?!
Are you in Denver? I used to live in Colorado.
I don't wanna talk about it right now I'm sorry
Thanks for the follow and all your support! We love Surf Monkey!
Merry Christmas!
#Top100Lies I'm on my way right now
we're blushing
Worked for Dr. Evil. "I'm hip. I'm with it."
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 13
used to hate skip b4 I realized he hates lebron as much as I do, now I love him!
Y'all are the realist I need to invest in your company I'll be in the UK this summer I need to come to the Headquarters.
what doesn't like group members?????
Thank you to all of our great fans for their support all season long!
whats up with my twitter friend
Im not like other producers who boast about wut i do-my beats speak for dem self - im just addin my pain with kicks m smares addin to it!
Or when 's kick won us the Big10 Championship Game! You picked right, !
yees I love those too!
Go Go Power (Hour) Rangers!
I will have to check with office. I have an old 2011 folder for 101 in my gmail address dropbox and no BIE in my BIE address.
Best thing about #sblaar: the exhibit hall--evidence that a lot of great scholarly publishing persists.
RT Um - my guests JUST realized this show is live! #mary omg Regina is totally lit!!!
Sorry, Norma. Online sales closed at 1:00. We will have raffle tickets available at the gala.
25% of do-it-yourselfers cause damage
would you love to date me ?
What do you think of it: American Design Schools Are a Mess, and Produce Weak Graduates via ?
If I have confirmation numbers from the order but no confirmation email after ~1 hr should I be concerned?
no! I was watching an amazing new show produced by Spielberg called #Smash so good!
Yes, we are very saddened by this :(
lol :) you knoe she love you too ! she on her motivational speakin today ctfu
Great to see Will Ferrell back on
are express lanes still open?
Hooray for sleeping in tomorrow!
Oh how I've missed you...
#CommonTattoos Kanji, Arabic & Hebrew script.no one can read, neither can you. But, I want a new one Hebrew script on my shoulder next month
I Write & Direct, but I've A.D.'d, grip and PA. I like being on others sets when I can. But I'm a writer/director at heart.
thanks for the shout out!!! Many blessings for a great new year!
a cinema after our own hearts.
stop being a pussy its food.
My crappy car has so little gas in it right now that filling it up at $4.15 a gallon will nearly double its value.
Please please please no rain tomorrow goodnight xo
Thanks for the 4/3 follow friday goodness. Been sleepin on Twitter, ok not sleeping, printing.
yupyup if u like reagge n dancehall u will have fun:]]!
I did. Joking about the hilarious bad timing considering things got worse since. It actually HAS become a valid representation :)
Lmfao yes RT : Thanks to the senior class for not making this a memorable year.
Power went out! Thanks LA, I was about to finally beat minesweep!
I hate when people are late! Date of mine, this is strike numero uno- don't let it happen again! ...please? I like you!:)
what a terrible time for a bathroom break! I need to fine tune my body.
Back to my regularly scheduled program. Half day done at work, unpacked and cleaning like a manic.
I watched that the other day I was Rollin..
Bed feels good. Another 45 mile bike ride in less than 2 hours today My calves burn tonight. It's a good pain. :)
"I'm really perplexed about my toes." -
it dnt matter wats going on keep it 100
Busy, busy bee.. Thanks for the follow , , and ! Hope you had a delicious weekend...
Shout out to my angel she's the true meaning of motivation
I hate to send out anti-O's fans on twitter because I do indeed still like the team but some O's fans think they're the nicest fan base ever
I never even gave you 100 percent, I never even said what I meant.
Waiting for an answer feels like forever.
Everytime I'm not at her house I miss her. She is my girl already! I can't see her again until Friday I will go crazy until then!
awwe cute couples going on vaca for spring break!!
I wanna visit 's nursing home... I'll bring medication and prunes for them... Does that old blonde bitch like wooden or metal canes?
BOOKED a role in a reading for Industry Pros of a new screenplay, THE YEARS IN THE LOCUSTS, directed by Carlo Mignano of Cinematic Masters.
Other than stormy, what kind of day will today be?
I just signed up about two days ago or so. I'm still not sure how it works. XD
Flying home from LA.... 17 days on vacation...back at it tomorrow morning! I love what I do...so I'm really excited about getting back!
#knicks doing work! Surprised #stat is playing.. still on the #tradstat bandwagon though! Go knicks go!
I'm volunteering!! See you there!
A third of American children tip the scale the wrong way! Don't you think its time to smarten up about children & teen weight management?
...that was my professional development for the month.
By the way I only want to make love to Jesus Christ after we get married. And stranger things have happened (like um... Obama)
made me literally lol. Why I love twitter.
Had such a fun day with Lovehersofreakin'much<U+263A>
it was a lil funny but dont act like i dont hear you lol
I do not recommend feeding one to the baby. Babies and Taco Bell don't even make for good stories.
I need to eat something you feel me?
All I can say is I love u mom<3 ur best mom ever #happymothersday I love u
Tainan partnership signing and dinner with the former mayor adds to Trinity's global presence on #AsiaTrinity Tour.
Trusting God means looking beyond what we can see to what God sees.
Can I get in on this meetup?!? I'd love to see & all awesome people I haven't connected w/ IRL recently!
damn. ii get fckd up a lot.
word lets make another
Im standing here but u don't see me, i'd give it all for that to change.
whut's up - zach.
RT : Constant content creation puts pressure on most orgs..."we're not all Oscar Wilde!" --Ami Dar
Brandon Leipsic is not tall but he plays huge.
Mustard Plug in Buffalo tonight! And yet, exhaustion is taking it's toll. I want to go and simultaneously lie around in pajamas.
Ok, I admit it, I thought I was out of the boy band phase, but how can you resist dancing to "Glad you Came" by The Wanted? Try & resist...
lol i don't know whats going on right now
Omg! Caps playoff are going to be the death of me!
that guy just stole my tweet! ! this shit is banana. b a n a n a n a s
Everybody follow and very good people to do Buisness with hit her up and follow
what's the link to his fb?
2 more days of work!!!
love love love the song. Talented in many ways
I wonder who wrote Chaucer?
Get well soon!
At St. Francis Early AF.
Watched DVR'd ep. of "Cincinnati Legal", I mean "Harry's Law". I guess if it worked in one city, it should work in another.
Hearing dogfight with King-Hopper and Pasch-Darling. No surprise but still time to get ppl to polls.
Grand Theft Auto V's Logo Has Some Real History - Kotaku
no shes not . lolol thought i'd butt in (;
is going to miss the Silver Fox
“: Honored to not be a jagoff! Although I've had my moments...” ha. We all do !!
Maybe it's ice cream!
In the zone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Spring needs to come so I can get back on the mound!
The sites been revamped, hope you enjoy and encourage others to visit nychunt.com
": #Virgo's don't sugar coat." TRUTH.
Omg i freaking love you! would you PLEASE follow me? :D
let's talk anytime man, thanks for the kinds words:)
Homeownership Month (June) is coming up. What are you planning to do to celebrate?
I'm friendly :)
all i want to do is cry
looking forward to my stay this wknd :) Skywalker- on air personality K104.7 New York
how u doin
Siri refuses to call me "Rock God."
I'm writing an article about all the great exhibit booth contests at #IRA2012. If you won something, let me know! I can include yr story.
That was a bullshit goal..whistle?
u know what that means lol
Follow me and da team
So true! RT : Your audience must be the center of your universe to really succeed.
Thanks for the ! Don't let know about the spirit animal thing though...
I should say its not all about the money.. But its hard when life is so much easier when you're not in debt
you are awesome!
One of those random updates: tomo around noon, I'm gonna be the page-turner at a pipe organ recital at Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it
Poor Whitney. That one really hurts. Was really hoping the best for her. Her voice will truly be missed. :(
Sitting in with one of my favorite groups JAR at Prague's Lucerna Music Hall-I toured with them for more than 5 years in the 90's... Party!
Go ! Shelby.tv
"agent Mulder was my idea!"
2300 at first break unreal run of cards. lets turn it around n catch some double ups next round
haha I'm coming to ny for game 7, going?
She should have gone to Sarah Lawrence.
There is NO WAY that Santa could get from the Westide to the Valley in less than 2 hours. I don't care HOW "special" he is!
Have not been on Twitter in so long............ What's new!
But it wasn't the score for game 5. 3 seed got worked.
Make plans to join me at the Hy-Vee Whole Health Experience this Saturday at 10 am at Hy- Vee Hall! Healthy eating survival tips!
hahah mikey has a better aim than I do
Experience Detroitexploitation #Cinema! Created to get yo Mind off it's @$$! D-Funk is da Soundtrack! #Worldwide!
Goal for next year is to go to #Coachella! I'm making a bucket list for things to do before 30. Getting married is no longer on that list.
The word is Over... Look it up...
Teaching Cochrane Library. One class down three to go!
With my BI students in the awesome #FIU GIS lab
The data miners could profile me so perfectly from what I'm buying today.
back home a full day and still tired as hell.
Hello my name Alexandria Bassole and I'm an addict. I'm addicted to air I can't stop it.
aint goin to bed anytime soon
Yes. It was a whiney, gross interpretation of Bob's song.
It's that time of week people! Predict all your fails here! Who will give the week 10 WTF moment?
I smile as if nothing's wrong, talk as if everything's perfect, act like it's all a dream, and pretend that nothing is or has hurt me.
haha yeah he does cross country. is your sister in 8th grade?
Lol noone plays draw something anymore
With this rain considering taking the MTA to Lucky Baldwins. Happy St. Party's Day.
So many good friends to
#Bye January Bye Bye...School in Ukrainian closed because very cold weather and MORE SNOW :) Tnx Jenuary! :*
no way Jose
a sacred and banal illusion...
about to give up hope..a cousin contacts me on ancestry.com (Flack family from NC)...I've heard we are related to Roberta Flack..mom's side.
Sweet dreams..
me to Even if i came with instructions you couldn't handle me!
is anyone dressing up tomorrow?
Cheer him on for me!
RT : My last 2 weekends of summer were spent at the beach with my best friend. Doesn't get better than that.
Same goes for you, you know I'm always here to help you with whatever you need. No matter how crazy, hah. ;p
lol if anyone takes something of value then they deserve to get robbed
TIME TO MAKE ZEE DONUTS!! :(
Sam Shepard's CURSE OF THE STARVING CLASS @ the open fist theatre in hollywood fri/sat 8pm and sun 2pm. Don't miss this amazing show!
Brandy and Monica Reunite in the Studio After 14 Years for Brand New Single -
To anyone going to 's first concert, TAKE A BUNCH OF PICTURES PLEASE<3
Gomez is still on the Brewers? I did not know that. And Ryan Braun is injured?!
shut up! I'm prego and entitled to have what I want
I just checked into The Library with #Miss Scarlett and #Prof Plum and 4 others
Thinking of picking up a new book this weekend -- any suggestions?
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it. ~ Katharine Whitehorn
JABBERS, who are your best-dressed nominees from the Oscars last night? Share with us!
Thanks Shelley-- your tweet makes my day!
My #ipad most requested feature for #ios at present: , please make it possible to disable all notifications with a switch!
#GoldenGlobes has the feel of a 70s awards show. Not sure if that's a good thing.
hey ready for the carnival tomorrow it goin to be fun :)
It need to be 1130 already
Kk... Call me wen u get home... I dnt feel like gettin on facebook or twitter i'm givin it a break... Im doing this threw txts *LiVInG L ...
All new schedule for school today
We highly recommend you check out COYOTE TEETH. You'll thank us later.
Cleaning. It's never ending. But so very necessary.
life is short, eat dessert first
nothing starts with K
for sure
I see Flipper and his peeps made calls late into the night to get to the family of that now deceased class mate he bullied. Hm
mom haz made it clear dat wud be last ting I duz if I eatz dem... Sigh.
Guess who's getting married today!?! Oh Mission Viejo hah
Oh okay cool I got u u changed the name that's y....
i wanna go to BWW
#IfItWasUpToMe I would legalize Marijuana <3
Ahh for sure yes!!
Rondo looked like he was in the HOV lane!
Going nowhere? That's the story w/ today's temps. 50s now, 50s later. Clouds, sprinkles, and a few showers. Have umbrella w/ you.
Still have a few comp tix left for 21+!
so last night's dream was fighting the battle of helm's deep in a grocery store and telling gimli to make the king bagel bites...
YES. MT Pat Summitt, you're not John Wooden of women's basketball. You are the Pat Summitt of college athletics.
thats what my brother does :(
Displacing oil-fired HELCO units will help clear the air for East Hawaii. Our emission controls will be top notch.
Love strawberries! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I have a feeling the mosquitoes are going to be really bad this year. I'll have to light off a few of those salmonella calendars!
Oh, Seattle.
Got 5 new banga's coming soon. Be sure to check us out nextweek tuesday at don vics, and thursday at the 500.
I will bear it if that screening is in the FOX screening room. Most likely I will not be invited to that screening.
Zimmerman was in plain clothes, he didn't identify himself to Trayvon either!
that stat about Romney should be tweeted 1x every hour of every day till Wednesday after election day.
San Fernando Valley caravan is the North wind of the four winds May Day protest
CPAC round-table: First Nations in Canada: Is there a way forward? - Macleans.ca
Its a hard knock life
Omg my medicine is starting to ware off and I'm starting to shiver :( and throat hurts really bad.
game time decision?
The Royal Wedding is a nice diversion from politics and devastating storms JMHO
I miss you:(
Yeah I saw that stat and realized I've not watched one Pacers game this year lol
When Im Tispy I just want to Fuck but when I'm Faded my True Freak come Out of Me Lbvs
why would you sully a perfectly OK sunday morning with the NYT? (i say)
oh no! hope you are home at last and can warm up
Strippers are lucky they dont gotta wear nobody's clothes and instead they get paid to take em off Ayyeeheehee,THATS GANGSTA
WHAT IS GOOD??
i guess ill stick to what i agreed on since the beginning, 'go with the flow' ill do just that, even if it leads me through a hurtful path.
Save the Date! ASO's Fashion and Culture show is April 16th!
Once you get EVERYTHING back that you invested then what?? Where's the bond and the relationship?? Seems to me it's all about the MONEY!!!
How come every time I'm in the kitchen, you in the kitchen...eating up all the g.d. food.
Please follow me back ?? I love what you Tweet ! xD
lol just chill playoffs
What's the difference between GifBoom & Instagram ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
i have heart for all music tho. i can spin anything, house to dubstep to funk to gospel. been djing for seriously for 8 yrs
yeah who doesn't , he is nice . But Domo is who I bump the most cause he funny af
Tons of people live in your hood!
Where all my Cowboy fans at? Our Lakers got a fucking game to play $_$
Next time.
Orlando web design www.michaelcalixtro.com
VuFind! Loving it. Still in "soft release".
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
fun!!! 2nd weekend in June is good for me :)
I'd get lost fast.
AREDYY DIX IS FOR ONLY ATLANTA GA TEEN GIRLS BETWEEN AGES 13-16 NO HOMO BUT WHU HAS GREAT DANCE TALANT REPLY 2 THIS! :)
Trivia Night! But you know that!
Wussup my brotha! RT : I'm on this joint now....
idddk. U tell me!
Two U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were shot in the line of duty today in Mexico.
Unsuccessful in my search <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> no one seems to know the answer but we learned you're not the only one who wonders lol
Computer problems? Two weeks after the last one? All aboard the rage train!
Time for another Naproxen. My degenerative ankle is killing me. Need to ask my Dr. about alternatives when I see him next week.
Give thanks to the LORD in all things. Thank You LORD for giving me life and giving me a chance to live with purpose.
Hey Sid! Can you follow us and we'll DM you an invite? :)
Reason to end Occupy? When someone has a heart attack or health problems, they just die, instead of having an Occupier call 9-1-1. I'm angry
#TigersHeadline Tigers hold on in the 9th.
When y'all coming to NY?
Watching a rough cut in Burbank, then it's Bizarre Foods for the rest of the day.
fan page for sure. I think groups are outdated.
Let's catch up where we left off last year at #SoSlam tomorrow. Can't wait!
it always feels good to have stuff done around the house.it feels clean and smells great.but if only i didn't have to do it all to get it RT
I feel the same way... RT : I'm so sad right now. Mo is a Class Act. The classiest guy in the game.
no I so not have any plctures of your mom.you will have to ask her for one
Can someone, for the love of God, please knockout Chris Neil!!!
or worse... finally going out and then he's still complaining when we are out??
Taking care of little girls is like a Vietnam firefight
I'm bout to go to bed. I'll tweet more tomorrow because I'll have nothing to do after school.
I am sure you will find that lucky person ;)
love is lost over varies events
it's time to take your act to the Catskills.
Keepers of the FUNK
is like a rock star.
niggas wanna be like me, but they don't wanna work like me.
I believe it would serve Kindle authors well if they would monitor the KDP forum threads that expose phony and spiteful reviews.
“: #26HOURS LEFT BEFORE #BOYFRIEND :) AH! I Already Can See #boyfriend being #1 on ”
I cannot wait to pull my money out of Bank of America. Soon, so very soon.
Oh do I have a dope new track for the ladies.
Very Cute! Nothing like having pretty feet ;-)
Yo was that British fanny or American fanny because the British way you should have hung in there.
One of my biggest fears in life is losing someone I care deeply about.
Handled that ishh! Take that
Hello everyone! National anthem went awesome last night... It was so surreal! I will post pics and the vid! Thanks for your support. Love ya
Team Sexy vs Team Chara
does it have pointed ends?
I love that show lol RT Yep i'm watching Zoey 101
Deidra don't send me any spam, let's at least get to know each other first. Or I may have to get the chains on you nice ass
going to work without makeup?? When we feel like that we think a) time to try new makeup or b) time to find a better job. :)
Of course it's got to be pouring today for fox field. Oh well drink up everyone
I would be loving it too if I was home. RT : Loving this rain in Gboro
I am off on a short vacation to africa for four days
Ugh probably gonna be grounded this weekend Oh well YOLO so just have fun while you can :)
do roc and star go together? #yomo! #somindles (Youre.Only.Mindless.Once!)
Our thoughts and prayers to Larie Butler, her family, and everyone at East High School..
You tweet too much.
Yuck I hate pins and needles especially in my leg. Ugh horrible.
I will make it to Woody Creek, CO and pay my respects to his memorial someday.
I love you
What are you doing Saturday?? I'll be in your hood!
Utg had 22, mp blind shvr had J7h. CO AA came n last place! Utg flps set 2. Mp hits flsh..now, i really don't feel bad plyn so tight!
Savvy peed on one of my roommates. I would be cracking up if I didn't know I was going to get an earful as soon as I get home
Such a horrible past few months...
I appreciate the follow !
Sad about the Caps game 7 loss.What a horrible game.Once again we can't get by the Pens.Still proud of the team 4 a great season and series.
It sure has been awhile, how is everyone?
"millennial trapped in a boomers body" Hilarious! She Rocks! #2020workplace Cc
Do it to the fullest, don't just rap cause everybody else doin it .
Texas is one of the youngest U.S. states, with a median age of 33. We're a consumption driven economy, because we are young adults.
Hey Have you ever worked as a sushi chef?
I ran at the gym today, thinking it'd be less muggy. Turns out it was hotter there than outside. Blech.
What time will you guys be playing on the 31st? And is the Cedar show sold out?
#pharmaforum Duffy notes we are never out of the woods. Global activities natural disasters political changes all affect travel industry.
thanks for the love. I brought 50 peeps in tonight! I got an great industry hook up. Ill keep supporting.
Relaxing on the deck the rest of the evening. I need to get as much sunshine as possible!
In class bored..just wish this day would be over..
oh man, she doesn't know.
omfg! I love skating!!
Search "Young Bravo" via ITunes, eMusic, Rhapsody, Xbox Live Zune, Google Play, Spotify, Nokia, ect for my exclusive hit singles! Only $0.99
I feel so cheap now..
Checked her Twitter for the first time in 8 months.
Time for a haircut (:
Pickup Line: Is your dad a police officer, if so i'll be visiting you a lot
Jeron Electronic Systems Confirms Interoperability Between Jeron&#39;s Provider 790 Nurse Call System and Brekeke SIP Server
A year ago, I would've never guessed my life would be the way it is now.
you could just do both at the same time
? For gary.. Dad was put in jail for a crime against my sister.. He got 20 years.. Did he really do it? His word vs hers
Watching the Rome Masters #tennis final, Djokovic v Nadal. It will be interesting to see how Djokovic plays after last nights 3 late sets.
lol i mean california!
Tool show was awesome
MT : data and evidence from & companies that have tested this suggests in reality the opposite occurs."
thats how he always is he does the finga gunz even after dunks and layups
MoneyTeam. Ima meet you someday cause you the best in the sport!
One of my favorite assignments ... headed to Len Busch Roses in Plymouth, where they ship out a million roses for Valentine's Day.
Yes you should have, it was wonderful!
Happy birthday, ! You are the weirdest person I know and I love it! You're the best, little bro!
I'm so glad! “: What's on your menu? I'm happy to report that my Dad Lionel will be released from the hospital today. Thanks fo
I have been told that the Miggy twitter account is a fake. That could've been fun. I hate when that happens.
She might be here just for something at the Miller Center; she's close to Zelikow.
yep! Me too! I knew to forget about that check until 90 days afterward ha!
If you were waiting to get a Le Creuset French Oven, now is the time! All of our "Classic" Pieces are 30% off!
it's a big research and teaching day!
Finally have my phone:) Thank God!!
Fuckin SOL Tomorrow ,Should Of Passed It The First Time ...And The Second ...And The Third
Journal cancels, lease v buy, database model v by-title, big deal v custom deal, rise of consortium buying
“: Test time... Which means its cheating time” TISK TISK!!!
You too! Stay tuned for Oak Leaf Trail fun this summer!
and Prince Fielder agree to a 10 year, 20 Million dollar deal.
I finished up at the site & the drunk mid 40s lady follows me to my car calls me "juicy ham hock" again & asked if I was married & for my #
Going to Rockies Opening Day, then to the George & Reba concert! Can it get any better then that?
Thank you SO much to the 200+ friends who came to our all-Schubert concert last night at !!! What an amazing night!
I'm wonderful... just love seeing your sexi face ^_^ RT hi boo : you good ?!
Diva you are telling the truth on this friday!follow She is trying to wake us up from denial concerning this topic.
- Impatiently Waiting On That Day To Come , iCant to meet My Niece or Nephew ! I Love Babies But Don't Want Any! That's Crazi... yeaahhh ik
HAPpy Birthday be careful
it's not haha
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE!
“: If you're at last Thursday in #Portland, come by the Alberta Rose Theater to catch my set at 7:30 sharp!! #lastthursday”
Two up for those Jetsetters and RT this if you love that song like I do
Ok android users... What is the best golf game?
We are hoping to do something similar for Room Reserve, but no solid date on when that might be released yet.
It's only East County if your planning involves drinking Coors Light ;)
Thx for organizing the BOS HH. Glad to be back in purple + gold territory!
Keep an eye out for clothing and ! Big things coming soon.
Another "wall st, war st. Defeat imperialism"
I love being single, you can have fun! But I do miss it.. The cuddles!:(
Buttered noodles.
I need help passing stuff out and talking to people. What you'll do will be a huge help. Call me 512-814-5138, & I'll explain.
Spending day cleaning :/
<3 u donkey
pointing out that Gray has thrown a combined 14 pitches through 2 innings of work after Blackburn threw 53 pitches through 2
Shark Bait. Oh haha!
Thanks for using ShowClix!! Have a wonderful NYE :)
Steve Blake = Money
Gearing up for the bar crawl this weekend.
oh so you're one of those weather dependent workout kinda gals.
hey, I'm doing 100% times better than my bracket last year (which didn't even exist...)
Omg. I just watched on !!! I just sharted
Thanks doll! Let's hope we see some W's soon :-) That N.O. game was so heartbreaking! Take care.
pork roast is in the slow cooker... already smells amazing
cool. how long are you there for?
We know that you love playing pick-up bball check out a Bill Walton Affiliated company for pick-up bball in NY
The interview is a call thats recorded and the format can what works best for you. Q&A , call ins, whatever you think is best.
Anacostia is getting there. There's a lot of "PLANNED DEVELOPMENT" but we'll see what happens and how fast (slow?) it happens.
Police: Arson suspect being questioned in connection with house fire in St. Paul that left 2 kids hurt.
I think it would "REEK WITH AWESOMENESS" if my dad was !
I feel that shit some riding music.
Devils up 2 - 0! On an awesome 1 timer.
no Dagobah in the summer?
~>Done! Also check my snippet out"TELL CREAM" ~> enjoy & hit the like button...peace
Cant wait for the drama! #realityshowjunkie RT : Don't forget to watch Part II of the #realhousewives of NYC reunion on MONDAY night
nothing to do with Obama. They just don't like DC. Lugar has plenty of clout, thats the problem. #teaparty thinks he's bought.
I don't think someone so young would be so confident. But the rest of the show is so good I can deal. LOVE the musical numbers.
LOVE the Sketchers' dog race commercial :)
Lions and Steelers both drafting talented players that fell too far. What new?
... your no silos t-shirt idea has sparked an exciting convo on the gchat back channel ;)
Brandy and Biscuit are out on the town tonight, trying out the new #seamlessipad app.
I'm with you. I don't see how Miss. St. gets in.
when you're better looking than your ex's new boyfriend
Given the umpteen of hats on the runway for spring and fall, we're expecting to see big things from the Kentucky Derby attendees.
My Hotmail junk folder is full of Nigerian money scams. I respond to them for the fun of it. Lol
So I guess because President Obama is coming back I can't park on my own street? Grrr
We're rockin' in 2012! ENR is now featured on iTunes radio! Find us in the Country genre. Send us some great music!
At I hop gittin my simple fit breakfast
Otunga is a great personality in.the Wwe you have to admit it
My lil nephew sound so cute when he say "T-T" :-) awww
Happy May Day. First listed in Oxford English Dictionary in 1267. Raining in VA.
ORCID -- link grants to publications, patents, citations, etc. Will enable assessment of funding impact.
ready to Remake the Universe! With more flies! 6:00pm
Gutta snap out of this mood..
When we're not fucked up we are useless =X
she cries alone tonight her eyes drift away nothing can save her she decided a long time ago
if he says anything i'm gonna blow!!
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Can't believe it's almost over. Time for some football!
Stay classy camas.
your welcome :-)
just s little!
NYC/Brooklyn bands - get at me if you want to be added to our band lists for potential show opportunities.
The Old Man And The Semen
I love everything about her, especially her eyes ;D
RT : I'm not obligated to do anything for Anyone, I do it out of my own will. So check yourself.
Married-couple households are a minority in both the UK and the US, outnumbered by single-person households and cohabiting couples.
u shud be doing ur science work
I love u more
Never going on Twitter and realizing all of your tweets are instragram pictures. Oopsey!
#LPR2011 check out #GroverNorquist 's book "Leave us alone"
Off to the big city (Atlanta) today for an SAP Master Data Governance Workshop. Hope the paparazzi doesn't catch up to me! ;)
I stand tallest from my knees
Pooping, whiping, standing up and popping some more got me heated.
You know im about to blow your back back out (;
that's the sprit
Ho Ho Hopefully #thisweek will be Adventure Time on Wheel of Fortune.
Is this the Alex Plamm?
cum on guys... i really need to talk to someone now, how about you?
at least you aren't by the civic center with festival season coming up.
dm is there a forum to accompany a major learning announcement later this month? To maintain momentum, are there finding options?
“: In the height of fear and doubt is when we can grow the most. hard part is diving in. #movetowardthefear #conquer #nevergiveup”
This week and next week are the last weeks I will be doing shoots for $30, after that I'm raising the price to $50!
to love more and be more kind.
I think my naughty husband spent too much on my Christmas present, which arrived just now while I was home, in a box labeled "Kindle Fire."
It seems to me that 6 voting members is way too small since a quorum of 4 can make decisions on the organization's behalf.
Thanks! Love you, babe! <3 RT : And happy mother's day specially to my mother Nidia Parra and to
1st Madison show in a long time. Pasqual's Hilldale 5-8 pm. Originals, covers, live music, good drinks, good food. Lets do this!
Make sure they have kittens. Lots and lots of kittens.
you're too kind my dude
This bipolar weather makes no sense. An hour ago, it was clear blue skies and now it's gray clouds everywhere
A veces escuchar a me pone sentimental.
Happy Birthday to fellow #attorney !
let's link up and do a track
lol I was laughing when I saw that tweet
Lineage in Brookline is all about fresh & local.
Smile. You've been blessed with this day.
Rain, rain, go away!! Cats worst nightmare
R Indians Mexicans hahahahah
Kinda feelin the #Grammys tonight, I guess if the show must go on then this is the type of show I wanna see
feels good to take the day off, now I can get somethings around the house done, and cook me a nice meal sis if your not busy you -
Dude, you two are best friends. Don't date her ex.
I'm sorry that your braces hurt. It'll get better though :) not much just browsing YouTube :)
PickUpLine: Let's go to your place and love each other until my dick falls in your pussy.
Back on the running bandwagon this morning. #ouch!
have fun at school<3 haha
followed u bakk!!
today? Oh just showed a friend around Portland. It was fun.
I agree that standardized miss the point of education. But, perhaps that's the problem. There still exists two epistemological
Oh lol my bad. I had to read it twice to figure out what you meant.
Melbourne tomorrow! Please tweet travel suggestions around #Australia and New Zealand incl. great dive sites.
im a really big fan of u too now lol. is their a way to book you for a fundriaser. im havin one and i would love to have you
Only a few spots left! ----The first 5 people to text WOMBSAUNA to 55469 will receive $5 off their next visit!
is.... Tell Mr Howard not to leave and get a beer!
Dr. Donald Dudley, M.D., of UTHSCSA is leading “Big Five” initiative for Texas
u guys rocked it at TCA!!!!!! LOVE U GUYS!!!
Hi doll, I'm so sorry this week has been all sorts of busy! I won't be downtown tmrw, but coffee next week would be lovely! :) xo
straight up...gotta give to 'em raw...
Don't judge me for being a slut. Judge me for fucking your boyfriend.
Judging by the weather, the rapture's a week late in cleveland
we r excited to perform for you! RT“: So excited to see this year!!”
saving samples with kits.NI haves that on there list also. Wow. Maschine folks is not going to run away now.
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Educator nominees are: David Cook ( ) Debi West ( ) Heidi Creed (Jones MS)
lmao yes i would thats what makes me awesome!i wonder if he thought i was weird,he probably like me.lmao
Merry Christmas Eve from the Okanjo team!
goodluck on it tho and YouTube juliusvevo tell ya friends if u like it too
love u too!! Haha<U+E32B>
just a basic write about our music length doesnt matter
#ihatewen i watch.my.phone die
why oh why does stefano have to go home? :( -dies.
So it's NOT true? The dentist didn't pull all her ex's teeth? Bummer. I got a lot of mileage out of that story. :)
Goodnight twitter <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Why does Media Takeout hate so much? He gets cupcakes for his 25th BDay & they try & say he got $$ problems
you can't tell me what to do, well only at work :P
:) My social innovation colleagues agree! Let me know if you'd ever be interested in brainstorming/outside POV...
Thanks , , & for the follows!
Over The Top Gun
RT : On anniversary of OBL killing, Pew poll finds most Muslims in Mideast, Pakistan have poor view of al Qaeda...
check your show email.
wanna come save me from 2nd block.
Nunez maybe fast, but he's a horrible heads up baserunner!!!
Always lying
Our front court is scary with and Cauley but could you imagine Bennett and oriaki??
Thank you for the mention! Happy Friday!
spent a good chunk of my day listening to songs by it's official. i'm now a fan-girl :)
we'd like to feature you and your new label..interview soon?
Mhmmm I see, I didn't like the devil inside, but some people say its scary and made them cry.
yea I kno bt so have u!
They mad she still here and no one dose it better than the one Q.B have it kick shit like nigga fucku
Thanks Ty, Glad to connect!
I know
Do you mind if we remove your account, then we can start from scratch?
watching Fame for the first time.... i'm addicted now, it's so good!!
People with miserable lives love bringing others down. I feel bad that this person's spouse doesn't meet xpectations but it's a 2-way street
Overheard in Jury Room: "I didn't realize how much E. Fourth Street has been revived." Wake up, Cleveland!
I don't like that it is misleading in calling him gay. The right will use it to crucify him in order to raise funds
Young Adult was great! If you like very dark humor, cute dogs, and the excellent Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt.
This will be our 14th year going to How about you?
TD's gonna drain like 5 or 6 three pointers
That's where I bought Edvard Munch, The Scream painting for only $6.00 a savings of $119,899,994. (framed)
Congrats to for your #NoKidHungry award! Woo hoo!
They say I'm tripping, but i know what i want, this boy here is different, he got something that they dont..
At least we're being positive about this. #StayPosi ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
are apparently out of the race for
Good morning gang! TGIF :)
going on road trip.
Did you know they put like beetle stuff in their strawberry drinks to give it the strawberry color?
Ap Euro test tomorrow..really freaking out :/
#NW Shark Night
#phx debt piling up, getting harrasing calls? call me I can help you decide if bankruptcy is an option and the type of bankruptcy to choose
The celtics came to play .
your really cute:)
cool enjoy…I am going for a hike in Runyon. Enjoy. Maybe we can meet each other. I am here until July.
Tutoring part-time to make some extra cash! Have to make-up for what my kid's dad won't provide!
Oh hey migraines, hadn't had you in a while.......
In pre-production of a new web series called "the couch" :)
It's fucked up when you fuck wit somebody so hard and they play that fake role like its the same respect back n it's not...
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy
Alex getting on robert's shoulders <3
lol go look up the help on the app lol
watchin the #VOICE awesome(:
I'm watch Caged! Are you watching it to?
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
just retweeted me and I couldn't be happier. One of my favorite dj's, god, aka fareoh knows who i am.
Team Cpsk #No School
(I've played client for and seen students from PSW working together around the library--it's wonderful to see them having fun too!)
such a what? An ass or dick? Why because I noticed a bad situation and left it alone before it could become bad?
Im trying to get a tour...kinda hard ha
Wow.. People that I thought might disagree with me wanting to do #Parkour are actually encouraging me & have my back. Thank you so much. <3
if the image scares me, what am i to do with it?
so , i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded. In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
yeah are you one of those people who has now riden a camel, but never a horse?
"Voters who elect a man to 'get' for his district will find they have elected a man who will 'get' for himself.”--Coolidge
has me reminiscing when I should be snoring. Beauty School Drop-Out.
Not much requires showering in my book, but I have a feeling is more of a stickler than I am.
Getting ready for the fair
GOOD AFTERNOON.. HAVE A MJ AWESOME DAY.. I LOVE YOU ALL...
You're not making much of a secret of that. That's how Forte picked up a lot his "pass" reception yardage last year though.
ditto pub luv!
I'm speaking on mobile app design for business users / #thatConference later this summer. Should be a good one.
Hey #Vancouver ...is it time to burn down the city yet? #LAKings SCORE!
Everyone heading towards their homes. Another successful
If you don't like something i do...tell me...Don't make a twitter post about it...geez
Always liked Loe. Agree with Roenicke, he was set up to fail a lot last year.
it was.. buy me a new as a make up gift
Always thought if I ever didn't run the mini I would play music on the course to motivate the runners. So much for that.
Is it tomorrow or yesterday?
Just got followed by : want to learn more about this awesome project. Follow if you dare :)
#fuck I can't sleep again.
New season, same juiced ball bullshit.
Fabulous Kiss kiss <3
Let's go EAGLES!!!
I'm sure can help u find an awesome pic......follow her she's wonderful
Awesome fieldtrip to UW Tacoma Library today! Fantastic campus and such great spaces in the Library. And of course excellent staff!
yes um on facebook...mac mossberg send friend request
The Memphis Grizzlies is hosting New York Knicks tonight at the Fedex Forum. Buy your tickets for this exciting game by calling 888-493-0004
call us we are open for delivery! Like your style
a warning shot
Named my 3 fishes heartbreak,heartache and tears
not exactly sure yet. I'll keep you posted
Varlamov is unbeatable in shoot out!!!
wow! those students are VERY talented! Please let them know that I wish them the best of luck!!!
Thanks, you too! Any fun plans for the weekend?
congrats on the album
behave ladies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks to for donating and setting up new computers for our South Club lab yesterday!
I suppose i should be getting dressed for school...
Thats right VA is for lovers.
May 2 the Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF plays for the Cal Historical Society honoring Carlos Santana. Will he sit in with us? HHMMM?
glad i can make u smile and that jus me a real sweetheart jus wish sum1 would see that and make me their man
Anybody have any requests for pics? Send em my way. Do my best to take a pic y'all want
not an app, using part of the charger
Looking to immerse your teen into a different culture? Check out at #TeenLifeLive Boston for more info on their great programs!
If you can't handle what's real Thats a personal issue just don't bring it my way
Is it happy hour yet??
On my way to tempe for an important interview!! Then shopping for my photoshoot on Saturday:-)
Every Morning, there's a bass beat coming through our walls that sounds like tribal drums. Low, mysterious. I think we are
Our future prosperity depends on the quality of our collective imaginations.
I've been told that I look like Snow White way to much.
you know i'm stressed when something stupid pisses me off and makes me cry
Real Girl, wassup? (:
nice day
#SometimesIWonder if there really is a difference between right and wrong
central. Why do you ask?
woo!! What are some of the topical ones being offered next year?? Intro to cultural anthropology would also a good start.
A nap sounds really good right now. I think thats just what i'll do.
The first step you have to take very carefully is the planning
you forgot
France's Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
You too, thanks!!
Seeing the avengers with the niggas tonight.
I need 20 more followers.... Anyone wanna look out
in NY with my mom for fashion week is going to be so much fun
just do happens uw always good, ui always shitty
What;s wrong with voting for me? Ask me anything, I'll answer personally. You shouldn't vote for Shade. Think Kris Bailey!
RT : Finally from George: "I want to coach a team that is willing to play the right way. That window has opened".
it offical summer for me no more skool
Now that's a cool photo!
So it looks like the new drink for tonight at saga will be ciroc peach!! Gonna have to try it so dont miss out tonight gonna be live!!
MOS WANTED GENERATION!! <U+2764>
You can still register for #ReachTheBeach - just show up at the start line of your preferred course. So easy! 5/19
HEY BABE(;
FOR TIPS ON HOW TO CLEAN YOUR TILE & GROUT FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK NOW!!
do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others. it's our differences that makes us unique and beautiful.
A specialer pork chop special today?
I wish i was the one that was on your mind at night
only following in your footsteps love. i'm so over studying already :(
Rock Vs Cena is going to just Epic...
Twitter viewed as the distributed "human sensor" - The Future of #SocialMedia Analytics - Dr. Richard Lawrence, IBM
trying to find the perfect song to take some shots to
Mr. Porterfield taught an elective for hs seniors called "expository writing." I aced English 101 in college bc of it
You know you upgraded when you see your ex riding his moped and the man you are with now rides a motorcycle.. Lmao. Glad I did better!
happy birthday! Xo
KbLaM! I couldn't have gotten it moRe Wrong!
is plotting a photo project.
What did this Ashanti chick say about Beyoncé?
When someone indicates there isn't anything right about a particular political party, it indicates the possibility of a bias.
Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Fuckin right. Fuckin right. Alright. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Fuckin right. Damn right. Alright.
i wudnt b wit him if he cudnt handle it...
its the closest its been to the earth in 18 years. Glad its not raining!
If u seconded guest your relationship,, then maybe u shouldnt be in one..!
Working with clients in Denver, Detroit, Naples, and Atlanta today.
Look what happens when you leave town - everything falls apart.
stop judgin me...u see me judgin dat BIG as pimple on yo face.lol
little hard to get up today. chill, overcast, mollar ache. Couldnt shake the fog even w coffee. Ended up back in bed. Need to grade.
A quick stopover at the ABQ Sunport before my plane takes back off for #DIA. Sorry, ABQ buddies, I wish I could visit you!
Tonight's Special: French Dip w/ Thyme Au Jus & Choice Side $12!
Received my copy of Wonderstruck from 2000 follower giveaway - so excited! Thanks!
please rap on the album PLEASE x
My attitude is base how you "treat" me.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
Or swished beneath a barf and a shmart glaze? RT : I feel like I'm always squished between a rock and a hard place.
Exactly.... it's so exasperating.
# nwsocial "people talk abt networking, I prefer to connect."
Still loving me some Phillip Phillips since first audition! Standing O tonight! Stevie Nicks: "He has magic and he's gorgeous!" Agreed!...
every other day is another argument.
Q:What did the pussy lip say to the other lip? A:We use to be tight till u let a Dick come between us
so tasty -- find me and I'll buy you a tallboy
Play Blingo (Sticky Rice's Very Own Speed Bingo) TONIGHT | 11PM TILL CLOSING |
Bills 34 Pats 31 I love the Buffalo Bills
Loved Sen. Franken's "folksy" quote in - his "favorite thing" is "meet[ing] with so many folks back home." d'ohkay.
Me too. RT I find that I take in more information from my personal learning network than I contribute to it.
is that at SDSU?
Ben, I can't make it to your talk tonight! Will you have slides available? I'd still like to chat about what tools you're using.
Aint got shit to do in school so why go ?
Awesome. RT : We are now up to 16 different cured hams at the PIGG in LA.
I Like To Advise My Neighbors That Their Vehicle Tires Have The “Wrong Kind” Of Air.
no. Just have a lot of fans!!! Hard to keep track of us all
Tonight's $5 password for Reasonable Discourse with Jerks (hosted by ) is: "Jerry's Kids has a whole new meaning."
I <3 U On Da Reawakening U One Of My Fav Actors..!
it doesn't count as a text msg. only nice if you have limited txts
Happy Easter come golf at WillowCrest so I have something to do
We got 21 "likes" in a week and we want to keep growing! Help is spread the word... Share us with your friends and your enemies!
K guys i have to go i will be on later ;D
Headed into #nycb to see firebird. 2nd ring row b center :-)
RWD + Hard rain = No thanks
it's all good
New site is almost complete, two new designs just about complete, were groovin' and keeping the vision alive. Promise me you'll do the same!
god. rapidly. <3
My God is awesome ....He mighty...
please come to long island, new York in the summer!! your so amazing<3
Would still love to catch up when you have some time.
thx and I'm her co owner Diamond :)
show your class Artest is such a thug
Save the date for Advising Day Library Libations, just one month away on July 7! More details to come...
Allie will be offering free hugs and free handshakes, as well as her sweet dance moves for your loling pleasure.
lmao I see that
Choose Kodak film because it could be pushed... "I've never seen this movie as good looking as it was tonight"
great chat tonight ! Looking forward to the next one :D
When people correct your spelling when your texting. How bout you shut up.
Shocking anachronism... I was just passed by an AMC Pacer!
Water fast today...
UH YUM :O
Congratulations, Rachel. You have done well. Walk good.
Quote of the day: The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking
This week has been a learning experience for me
I waited for him to look up from his beach chair where he was laying parrell with the white beach.His silky skin was copper & eyes seagreen.
Did you see that Bron-ster jam over Melo!!
Heya! Of course we do ... this is Chris, but I know Angeline remembers him, too. You bet. Hope all is going well!
New Hampshire has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
#IWantToHave a grande white chocolate mocha right this very second
Everyone I watch a movie and they talk British I have to talk British !!! Hahaha I'm getting good at it though :)
rad cover! Nice choice of tune too!
and I had so much fun talking with it so amazing what they are doing. Follow them
well yeah that's kinda true. But she just talks so MUCH !!! Ugh, it's annoying sometimes.
shit, my dads watching soccer.... it better be over by 1030
Hoping to win at least 1 of these 30 contests I'm in right now =)
please follow me it would so much to me!:) soo please follow<3
No, dear, the president did not mention libraries-- has he or any pres candidate, ever?
Annual symposium is less than a week away! A Sense of Place: Arab World DIasporas and Migrations March 21 & 22 details here:...
Happy Friday indeed! RT Having a relaxing session w/ this morning. Happy Friday!
Pushed the "FULL THROTTLE" album back to the Spring 2012. Still working on shooting a video for my latest single "I Wish". Itunes, Youtube.
Anyone who mispronouces "paczki" today should get paczki-ed in the face.
Thanks for your suggestions!
treat me like a joke & I'll leave you like it's funny.
RT Delaware Tweeps - I'll be on WDEL talking about Biden's big foreign policy speech momentarily
so do I! I didn't realize you were a total badass haha I have seen Ziggy live twice and it was amazing.
Discovering twitter for the first time is like discovering masturbation. I just. can't. stop. But I don't feel obliged to read my Bible now.
Stop saying "fuck that bitch" when you know you love that girl.
TASCAM DR 2D NOW BACK IN STOCK! LIMITED QTY'S! PHONE IN YOUR ORDER AND GET $5 OFF! 773-647-1143
shoutout to my #1 follower all day who it gonna tommorow
We "live" in the prefabricated homes we call our bodies.
Check out our song ft the vocals of Bradley Nowell called "Friday Nights". Follow us & check us on pandora. Thanks
Clippers fans leaving the building. gonna be sick Sunday... Turn the tv off, turn on 92.9
been a 49ner fan SINCE EVER SINCE! I support the chargers but we all know how this is going to end!
4 game winning streak! :) See? Marlon brought the good vibes right over to ya. FUCK, I miss him! :(
Coming down soon? We'll be open all weekend!
Got my tickets for opening night... #stoked!
Def got sunburn from that run
What a great winter night for some comfort food, a nice brew and music by Menti and Campo! Stop in and join us!
you are so very welcome.. You Rock
“: #ILovePittsbugh because we are the only fans that don't sweat an 0-3 hole. #Believe #be7ieve”
I legitimately hope you all win. LA is overrated.
Omg! It's too freaking early! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Want to be interviewed by Bay News 9 en Espanol? Tweet back ASAP. About Trayvon and social media.
Beyonce & it's not even close.
hearing #obama talk is like a bad shart. It sounds awful but you know the worst is still to come
well im not my parents r from niacaragua i live here in miami
figured you had it covered.
Thank You!! He may have an audience, and they may need loans, but the country does NOT need him.
Fell asleep at 4 woken up a 6 ....Tired Good Morning
it is a great conference. We are lucky it is connected to #uncg #lilly2012 not far to drive!
I know that your real with no doubts and no fears and no questions.
Listen to Take Care - <3Drake ft Rihanna till I fall sleep ..
RE: assignment 'critique of 5 new to you social media tools' what is meant by 'who manages the website'? any help appreciated.
is there an AA bibliography format for #Sente floating out there somewhere? Don't relish making it on my own...
I seriously want to run around yelling cocaine !!
Nice muddler...Where does the ice cream dish come into the equation?
i like soda
Organizations that just see #ITAssetManagement as "just tracking assets" are in the lower levels of Asset Mgmt maturity…
RT : There are so many things I want to say to you, but I just don't know how.
RT : #DunwoodyFarmhouse What are you the most excited to see at the Dunwoody Art Festival? Be sure to co......
yeah i just had to add stuff and type it
Start strong, stay strong
Time is money and im on a mission tho
I have no life and im proud of it
Dear Gym, I'm coming for you! You better watch out :D
Looking forward to hosting a make-up party for Self Magazine tomorrow with , & on the hotness
yes, I play piano, but this is the first time I've gotten to compose music. how are things going for you?
Looking 4ward to Fri's Gallery Crawl!
Thanks for the #FF mention, sweetie.
yes thank u i love it
Bobby Perry got the office, there a block on office the criminals did it
I miss you and I will talk to you on Sunday hopefully :) sorry our Skype convo didn't work out!
Did I hear Deanna Troi? XD
damn you...
Trying to get to !! Flights are not cooperating.
Jim, you're missing the e in shehechat
awww thank you so much. that means a lot to me. (:
Waking up to boredom sucks...
Damn charger got a shortage....Thomas gotta give mine up tomorrow
you were headed up the hill.
One my way to catch Yelle at 9:30 Club!
thanks lady. we need to organize an artist retreat. i have the space in lochapoka, alabama on my aunts 30 country acres.
I am so dumb, how can I complain about anything when I am so blessed. I can not be selfless.
Pop for Punch-Out reference.
Question for Women: If you partner asked would you make a "personal" movie for them?
My recordings of "Imagination" "Don't get around much any more" & "Our love is here to stay" aired on 91.1 FM WWUH 91.3 Aloha W Hartford CT!
Apartment hunting a bust today, but DID acquire awesome new business cards and a CPL card!
Is it weird that I am sitting here wondering what's going on on Bourbon Street?
Had so much fun at Six Flags with ... Rode some serious roller coasters
For a guy that is lol “ Small feet, small shoes, big problem. :(”
oh good! Every author chose a word, so if it makes sense at the end, THAT'S a miracle! Lol! Xoxo
I just hit my first 50,000+ visit month on Cheap Wine Ratings. Yay!
Celebrating Digital Learning Day today with Serious head scruffing going on.
Ooofff I need a delay between likes :)
it ain't over til it's over.
nope being unfollowed is perfectly fine with me
the conversation became alcoholic when we put ur name on it. Si o no ??
Yes. Getting a moving truck permit; took well over an hour in two diff. offices. Would be nice if you could apply online...
If you unscramble the word and send it back to me as a reply, I will DM you the password if you are right.
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
I'm surprised you made it to class... hahaha
Longest line ever at LAS.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay maybe I judged the Kardashians too harshly.
Barbosa looks like a Haitian Usher
RT : hello #MediaChat! ask about the Haboobs and monsoons he survived this week ;)
#musesocial topic: bridging digital/physical divide
Windy city here I come!! Yeppie:-)
nailed it. please send to Bowman.
Was it just me or did the peeps from Occupy Wall Street take over the #StanfordBand?
my day was relaxing, watched the NBA and NCAA games for most of the evening
' when you need your work?
i just have to say your pretty fabulous! your a great addition to the #RHOBH! always make me laugh! xoxo
so good to hear, thank you!
Thank you so very much for sharing the story.
About to upload this beat, this one is just too damn smooth!
Um...why am I still awake. I have doctors appointments an audition and a VoiceOver class. Go to bed!
he always pissing me tf off. .
Omg I just saw this! I like you :)
I'm doing great!! What about you?
Isn't the N7 armor and Ultros opponent DLC already supposed to out? It's not up on XBL marketplace yet. Thanks in advance!
hahaha...you're a great tweeter...you are exactly right...I'm going straight for nutter butters
I live in central Texas and have to drive 577 miles to get to el Paso to watch the game while trying to avoid getting shot at by the cartels
send me yo video
I really hope these hip piercings heal as fast as possible...
y would u get rid of Odam & Fisher & keep Bynum, Sessions & Hill? Oh for the future. What about now? They look lazy!
You say I can tell you anything...then again I hear it from another person..& I only told you. #trustissues #friendnotfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Go Grant Hill!
I feel I need a "B" stamp right now. Dear Lord, if there is one A paper in this stack...
RT : We need to score right now!
Dogs in chinese restaraunt....I wonder Dad:its not all ckicken:-) Me:EEWW lol
Hello dearest followers! A big 143 to you all from ! <3 We love you!
I'm very lucky. Not only am I too sexy for my shirt, I'm also too hairy for my age.
Holy shit: I'm listening to the CRANBERRIES - no need to argue
Some times you need to carry that paper and pencil on you all day long lest your thoughts tickle your insides all day long!
RT "If you get the best people, you win" is looking for the BEST people @
Whoa! You do *not* trash-talk Amanda!
9 foreign exchange students that are from Asia, 3 from the middle east, all laughing at my professor trying to say their names poor man lol
Sorry, didn't realize we were so loud.
Next time we brunch, it must only be amongst diversity!
Was just called "a goober" by two out of towners "looking for a house party." One was wearing a white fedora. Keep your eyes peeled.
let me check & c if I can use my new twitter account :)
I am LOVING the #BeachBabe workouts! You girls are AMAZING & I love that you're never afraid to show when moves are hard 4 you too
Hell yeah! I got them both for $20
time for 3 finals.
it's over -Sabrina Your over!!!!!!!!- Mrs.Galvan
u must h watching baby boy lol
Everything is funny as long as it happens to someone else - Will Rogers
2012 will be a bigger year for us than 2011 was. Which is saying something. Very excited for what's to come.
Having a craving for a Macho Burger? ;) Now that I think about it I could have one of those too or a Mofongo Cure!
Reed has picked PeyPey more than any other QB. I'm so sick of D giving Pey trouble, and O no show. We fight 1 handed. ARGH
I look at him and wonder. Is he to good for me?
Lobster Benedict and Blanc de Blancs "Why the hell not !?!" Happy Mother's Day!
Its the weekend!!!!
-virtual twitter hanshake- ;)
not sure yet.. We are gonna take our time and do it right.. We still have to work on album artwork and everything..
Madison, WI is going to have a LOUD weekend.
thanks good luck today
"It's the one thing he holds on to in his soul..." Good stuff!
Live every second like it was my last one.
not as much as me but yes
Really want to see James Blood Ulmer this weekend at Jazz Standard. Thanks to Vernon Reid for the Memphis Blood sessions!
Not as much as your wife will.
see now you're talking words I can get on board with
Party People get ready for & Tonight for Birthday Celebration!
Happy Hanukkah! Cheers and good wishes to those who celebrate!
Another Monday... Blah
my life has more ups & downs than the US economy
Ima get me a gym membership some damn where soon.
Who's you're distributor in Sacramento? And do you send out samples of your product?
State of wine Industry. Lack of grapes in CA, higher prices inevitable, Consumer will, drink globally 4 value. which country will win?
"Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness... the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there." ~Josh Billings... PERSEVERANCE PAYS ;)
Thanks for the RT Penni, have a great Friday!!
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!
haha okay deal!
Yea, just hold the tickets for us. we need em for our 20th show.
haha Dom knocking on the piece of wood in his chest
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. ~ John Maxwell
"Bu-ut a chair is not a house and a house is not a home--" & that's all I recall of the song now looping thru my mind thanx 2 u
Vashon Strawberry Fest-This Friday!
It's official, Chase Bank beats Comcast as worst customer service. You can't get any lower than this.
One question, do you call that Loser-naitis t-shirt that you had on for WM a shirt, i mean, you get my point right? hahahahahah
Wish Simi PD would bring in GPR to check site for Body to see if its Lindsay Wells
RT : From Iowa superintendents: it is important to teach students to use Facebook appropriately as a job skill
Mike says there is old milk in the fridge and it's waving to him.... kill it w/fire Mike.
Oh how I love to engage in competition. The last one standing is all that matters.
Douglas says If your holding in farts your holding in secrets, that's not a good relationship
call 01636 703105 and ask for Stacey if lost. I am out doing a bride in morning, but should get in before you leave x
Reading the hunger games at b&n. Really good book so far! (:
our signs rule the world ayee <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
you didn't think giving up a second round pick to move up one spot for kellen Winslow was a good move?
I think you are missing the point, camera are cheaper than people and the blue light looks like is doing something
That Chris Bieber kid has nothing alike to justin
I'm proud of you! looks awesome—can't wait til you're published.
how come its illegal to sell your children, but it's legal to sell your sperm/eggs?
'Does it feel like Christmas?'
giving the star trek vulcan peace sign...lol.. love it
yay...made it in time to #shehechat...thought I was gonna be late.....hey is that ? he made it this week? ;)
she doesn't look very pumped.
? If u wait till inauguration. When end illegal #drugwar - I bake u"special" brownies #legalize plants
From our collection MT : 2012 Weather Vanes stamps available 1/20 in POs across U.S. Such beautiful folk art!
Maybe I'm a bitch but when I'm nice people just want to use it against me
SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 2012: We had , a and a game at the same time, but no problems. How? WE WERE TOO BUSY #WINNING!
Time flies when you're having fun! Tweeting from New Jersey
Really enjoyed hanging out on Sunday. Thnx for the good being a good host and the exlnt conversation!
what are they even saying in who let the dogs out
ALSO, i just watched Paris is Burning this past weekend. Can we have a ball? plz? I want to deliver some realness.
Oven Why You No Wanna Work? </3 Now GotTo Ask TheBf To Use His OvenLol.
Really #Chicago you have to tear up every corner sidewalks on every block in my neighborhood. Serious was this really needed.
i was lucky enough to run across your videos...had to stop by and say hi.
I like woman.
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Before You Ask, Yes We Sell "Alone Time" With The Bodies
I miss being 13 :/ May 27th:)
Looks like the roads are wet and the grass is white. No travel concerns. Today's sessions will take place as scheduled.
Coupon Codes Watch Tv On Pc In Philippines - Star Valley Solutions
Just going to say this: #WordPress's "Link to exisiting content" function rocks the shizznit. Now if I could make those links Bit.ly!
It'll change to but not me my phone must LOVE austin but not me!
You're a tool. Congrats
Friday will be amazing with , and devon. :)
Final Wisdom I reception at SIGGRAPH -tonight John Fillwalk, Jesse Allison, Donald Kuspit, Hans Breder, CCBrown - haptic poetry installation
Ppl be on other shit these days forreal tho
hey stranger
Houston UX email address changed to: (the gmail address no longer works... cause google can suck it)
taking home a role which required so much. She deserves kudos just for giving it a shot tbh
I miss you too !!!
What if the Patriots had Denver's defense? Tom Brady & Von Miller
Listening to Notorious Thugs at 9am has to be foreshadowing how awesome my day is going to be.
i dont want him. i want you.
Wonderful testimony by Laura & Reina of the Arts & Business Council!
Happy Birthday !!!! Love ya....
Explanation? RT : I think I might have a quarter fetish.
Civil War Roundtable of Nazareth to sponsor book discussion, Adam Goodheart 1861
Finally!!! 6 on 5...one more
u at the knicks game?
You are not!
Can't get sound from computer link. Hm. had to call in.
Yeah Packers!!!!!
There Is So Manyy Fake Twitters For Ray Ray From , Which One Is The Reall One?! Probably Not Even Following The Right MB ^_^
must-not-get-sick.
also, former OU head coach Barry Switzer was right in front of me. That's 20 minutes of material right there....thanks again.
aahhh. Ok, makes sense now. :-)
Presley makes Hurdle's double switch look like a brilliant move w/ a solo homerun. Both Pirates homeruns tonight came on 0-1 pitches.
Colin is at work. Everyone else should go!
Its Election Day in Miami-Dade County. Polls are now open. Do your part to improve our communities. Vote for Carlos Gimenez
New headshots won't make you a better actor.
Let's go Reds!
Who gives a better handjob? A trailer trash whore trying to raise her 6 kids, or Jeff Dunham.
as i said to my other friends who happen to be caps fans...i love ya, but hockey is hockey! bring it!
Hey #Atlanta did you check out the newspaper this morning. Elvis Tribute show, reply to this tweet if you want some free tickets
THANK GOODNESS THANK GOODNESS THANK GOODNESS. THEY'RE ABOUT TO PLAY SAY SOMETHIN AGAIN.
Really liking a certain someonee, :) <3
I think dead week might actually kill me this year. tired stressed and overworked
Chillin with my boy
I need more fortune cookies in my life, I think. :)
DENVER fans! Come check us out this Sat at The Roxy. Its ALL AGES! Gather your friends and come party! $10, we play at 8:30. Hit me up 4 tix
I wish I had an emoji that flicked off ppl off so I could do that right now to all of the bullshittin ass niggas out there lol
lol I love how George refuses to use the bathroom in India. Or when he demands Jerry let him sleep with Elaine to punish him.
It's amazing how productive my #Starbucks study sessions are.
Just found #openaccess metadata specific to a project I'm working on! :D
It's a great little tour! Very fun. The Pinot grigio is pretty awesome.
There were TONS I could not use. Never had the pleasure of Batman Cereal.
Finally give Masterson run support, he pitches his ass off, and then Perez implodes. Thanks for killing our opening day buzz Perez!
My motto: If u don't remember it...It didn't happen!~~ Can I hear an AMEN?
RT : With your support, UDARP today denied approval to demolition-centered proposal for Superblock. Thank you!
Going for the gold! Went shopping last night for extra training.
#FF Thank you Dave! Enjoy your weekend! :)
OUR Bishop is live on the air at 102.5FM tune in!
5 days in LA = final vacation of 2012 !
About Wooster's CoRE Library space- I can just hear some stodgy professor: "There's no BOOKS! How can you have a library without any books?"
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did. Explore Dream Discover ~ MT
if you ever wear elastic pants around me again this is all done. Thanks.
boys boys you are both pretty...play nice.
A 7% Unemployment going into Nov. Election should be good for the President to get re-elected
your tweets want to make me kill myself.
I can relate. I've been working on a new site myself. Lots of time & work, but will be worth it!
Inspired by : How do we make off-site & on-site visitors feel like part of a community?
house rented from posting on #RomeNewsTribune. Love it when everything simply works as planned.
lol :) i cant believe ur in whitesville gosh ur so close to where i live DX my parents are gone :\
Would love to see as the keynote at the next #arlisna conference! Anyone want to help me campaign to make it happen?
how long do you have to wear that? You don't need surgery do you ?
my brotha!!! wats good wit u man
Fennimore 1B Trevor Lyeter makes a diving stop to his right and tosses it to P Evan Friesen covering first for the out. Great play!
Oh No!! What happened?!
If you could only eat one frozen yogurt flavor for the rest of your life, which flavor would it be?
10$ off anything just use karma rep code :lesher100
I really like your shirt! ; )
phone died brah..
BEN Some yes. Some no. Why?
Need a more comfortable desk
LMAO I love a woman who says what's on her mind
But NOTHING is impossible if YOU believe it. If there is a will there is a way . Believe that !
shaving seems such a losing battle. *sigh*
High of 37 today. Thanks Patrick Hammer
You actions show what your heart is made of
omg ur guys r going to the philippines dats where i came from..i wish i can come back soon in manila to visit relatives:)
It's so annoying to me that people think Obama stated his opinion for vote. 1. It's politics. It happens. 2. Stop trying to make him out as
Many people miss the silver lining because they are always looking for GOLD:)
blah blah blah
Raleigh, I like you, but you people are clowns behind the wheel when it rains.
the link went straight to the story - nice work! Get a new setup?
was there a pedestrian hit by train in Arlington Hts?
wait, to clarify, part 1 of our senior prank was wearing halloween costumes because we had a snow day on halloween & never got to dress up.
I prefer white text on dark background. (original research)
- That's probably not true -MIGHT be in H-O-R-S-E ... That's about it
i got to be in our place at 6. So i can have everything set before he gets there at 7.. :-)
good morning cuz'n...
Down with Mickey Mouse!
Im hopin he picks Kentucky, but my guts is tellin me he's goin to Georgtown!!
SS, well, prob still RS, but working on it, girl! :)
Few things excite me more than free WiFi at the airport.
#gardening No idea, sorry!
It's J-Luv...I feel like giving away some tix to the 10/16 Club Red show with Tash of the Alkaholiks.
Definitely, I've been on those forums for about 6-7 months, there's a tremendous wealth of info, and the group is very loyal!
I only wish that I could find a disney movie on tv monday tv sucks
Would Colts be silly taking him over Luck?
Center for Healing in Harmony is a private therapy practice which uniquely combines confidential counseling w/ holistic healing methods.
I'm sorry but breastfeeding a 3 year old seems inappropriate to me. Kid should be at least 16.
What's happening?
The bus is not the place to PAINT YOUR FUCKING NAILS LADY, CUT THAT SHIT OUT. GOD MY EYES ARE WATERY THAT SHIT SMELLS.
Happy 4th to all!! It is my hubby's birthday so we have a day full of family fun :) Have a great day, everyone!!
For two years my dad thought my tattoo was a fake henna tattoo. Haha I just told him the truth. Boy was he angry!!
I feel so bad for her, what guy does that to a girl <U+E413>
is proud to announce that will be joining for their summer tour. Check both of these bands out!
“: Red Gummi Bear from jamba juice is where it's at..”
Yes it is April fool's Day, but its not a license to be foolish. Don't play pranks that cause people harm.
Royals-White Sox Preview (The Associated Press)
If on she'd have jumped in with both feet. This is a TOTAL SECRET, but it turns out we're both a tad forward!
Played any noteworthy games lately? I found Uncharted 3 on Amazon for $16 shipping and all! Gotta finish ME3 tho LOL.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 82
It's a well documented fact sir that women glow when they are pregnant and become more beautiful.
they probably think I am too "negative". Fuck them
My email is not blowing up today. It's like a cat without an M-80 shoved up its rectum.
Just got for #spokes call out meeting. Ready to rock and roll!
Listening to interview with Michael Emerson not only fun, but gave me an inspirational idea on how to write the next book!
hm, ppl that find it easy to love are rare, that takes a bit of courage.
Last week- Malibu. This week- Eastern Long Island.
is welcoming Election Day clerks and judges for training today and Sunday! Thanks for your service!
No bread or sweets for lent! Practicing self control
- if you decide to throw up in a firemen's helmet, just make sure a fireman isn't wearing it. They seem to frown on that.
#quotes Hip is the sophistication of the wise primitive in a giant jungle. Norman Mailer
Going to Chicago Wednesday!
Happy Birthday Danny! Have a Earth-Tastic Day :)
oh val I wouldn't make you do anything you didn't already wanna do :p
I heard that the #Knicks have messed up their series with the #Heat so bad, the #NBA is letting the #Bucks finish it for them
headed to CoRoc now N New Mexico. U need to try the Ciroc Peach too
That's Cool! & Yup, I have this certain attraction to all the jacksons, it's hard not to be a fan. lol :)
David Brooks is a tweeter's challenge--I give up, too many great, hilarious, insightful one-liners to keep up with!
but not a great game by any measure.
Rhythm in Ducks offense. We haven't seen that since the Civil War
I hate how I fall for the tapontheshoulderandnoonesthere joke!
may think it's pretty cool too: #gospelinlife happening 8599 miles away
Lmfao I'm resisting the temptation of not subtweeting
Because occupy wallstreet is full of crack heads and degenerate worthless piles of shit that would rather stand on corners than work.
okay okay okay!
Young Jeezy Way too Gone #N/p
Wow, I dreamt last night that I invented pure WATER that I converted to a lightweight granular form. Easily transportable & storable.
Did Marketplace just play The Pixies' "Debaser" after a segment on the financial crisis?
I'm going to Jaleo at the Cosmo. :)
No! Stay away from my food...and clothes...and hair.
Come out n see JT & the Urge and Inbound Kennedy tonight Great deals on drinks!
thanks John he is always good for a memorable rant!!!
Dibs, been listening since day one...toggling between you and gary...that said, you're owning SportsTalk!
*People speaking a different language* They're obviously talking about me
Nice. enjoy!
I wish I had a license to whoop ass!
pshhh i hate the Lakers.like i said i want OKC to win but ithink is time for Lebron to get a ring,he works hard and is good.
Some people who left work at 3 yesterday still stuck on Lakeshore Drive! So glad I opted not to drive.
I think he probably might have, but it's hard to tell. We have lots of pedestrians & traffic & that might have spooked her too
I think is an IPA guy. Try Stone IPA.
screw you logo quiz!
"How can we tell the story...in a way that is accurate, respectful, compelling, and does them justice?" Have some ideas.
Y do u nvr want to go 2 bed but nvr want 2 get up in the morning?
Josh Smith (knee) expects to play in Game 4 against Boston on Sunday
Katie Horner during a tornado warning is less excited than Rex Hudler.
Is that a restaurant in a city-owned building too?
is way to obsessed wit justin beiber... :D and so is
really? When?
Not Josh? Lol RT : Alan Kopp and Spencer Schultz lead Verona onto the field.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL Tweetchat! Share your #TEFL plans for the summer or ask us questions!
"How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news!" Romans 10:15 Be one who brings good news!!
good! Lol. You having fun on vacation?
I love you with all my heart . . .
I want to spot (meet? if not awk/bad timing) celebs while there's a movie being filmed in #RVA, but I'm always at work, and also... shy.
Vicki is working on finalizing the design for her new book, Capital Porties, which features 80 Portuguese Water Dogs from around here.
but im always phuckin w/redbones
That moment with texts a rap remix of him in his car. I literally just died.
just wait until they implement serve your own surgery.
We are too! RT: : " Gotta check THIS out. So stoked for this race!!"
Biron...pretty gutless & dirty & (Orpik) is known for sticking his knee out & his elbow out & I don’t really care what he says in defense...
ever come down to ATL? You can catch Molly Holly at the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Fanfest 6/4-5 - www.promolastevents.com
On this #DreamChaser shit niggas got to get it !!!!
Well you have ones we killed still... so thought that would count for something...
i concur! <3 might be the first poem anyone ever's written for us. Feeling pretty warm and fuzzy inside. thanks !
let me know when you're in town (aka midtown or downtown), maybe we can do lunch tomorrow or late dinner?
Should I go back to Clark next year ? Damn , I do but then I don't -.-
Having a really good day. (:
- Who are you? Do you have a website?
yeah i got a girl (: she is amazing (:
Somebody come with me to the doctors tomorrow morning D:
I blame Rush
Always surround with positive (like-minded) people who'll lift you higher and let you move forward.
you are very welcome! But just remember...ur the one that makes it #FRESH. The shirt just helps a bit :) have a great weeknd
If hitler and michael jordan have the same mustache, is it now okay for me to have that mustache?
Kinda freaking out
both of you come to UC...tomorrow
Lost the recycle bin on my computer, that's a new one.
Can't stop watching Whose Line on YouTube...
don't leave me here.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Chicken noodle soup to warm up my soul from this horrible cold.
Happy #solstice! celebrate the 1st day of #summer w/ a deep exfoliating facial! $20 off a 1 1/2 hour anti-age facial. Valid through 6/28/11
cant sleep.
Sorry, kids trivia guy is not making it in today so we have to cancel.
In a perfect world, today would be Day 1 of the NBA season. Hurts man. It hurts.
- I feel for you on the KG issue.
Viendo #MTV Music ;)
wishing all a safe and wonderful 2012!
Happy Birthday ! Our all time favorite is 'Oh, the Places You'll Go.' What is your favorite?
AFTRA & SAG members if u haven't voted find that ballot and send it in and vote YES for our future. It's in our hands.
lol ok ok u win
I enjoyed the podcast of "Boundary Bridge" and your music...very impressive. :-)
Aw Happy bday to him :)
#AmazingRace season finale!
How do hide the tears when the Holy Spirit "whacks" you in a public setting?
Get it in
If you're an early riser and a die-hard Padres fan, make your way over to TK! are here 6-10a for today's home opener!
Are you in the Portland Bike Club? Follow for info on the latest perks and discounts, and stop by the booth at
its terrible to see who the fallen are. Linus would have been an important part of the rebuilding process...
thanks for visiting SJSU today! :)
Time for apres-breakfast mid-morning pre-lunch meal.
RT BREAKING: The #Senate has passed the motion to allow debate to begin on #S1789. 74 yeas, 22 nos.
but don't ever think that a story ends...and Opal's spirit lives on in a shiny bright Ruby....
i miss amy winehouse
“: “: : I know my favorite bruh will sponsor me, so I'm all good” -- nah be owt and don't register lol” Trife” lol
Making dinner plans based on expiring Living Social deals. (Which means the already busy place in question will probably be insane tonight).
Let's take on one industry at a time! Love the back-n-forth - great conversation! #hearmeroar :)
Are there any inde shops left in Phx if so could you please list them I prefer them to chains
They all say that. *shifty eyes*
#kill dem #shidz I'm
50 people in a room making a conference schedule 4 conference that starts in 26 mins. #thatcamptexas Woot!
Tolu : im gonna hunt black people for a living. Me : so your gonna hunt yourself ? ;D
I'll help
I shuttered the first time I saw one!
You bet! ": could you play Kenny's Boys of Fall. My son will be starting football conditioning soon. Thanks!”
Thanks for the following. We hope you enjoy our tweets.
what's the fore letter word you say when you miss the ball :) #needtolearn #Father'sDayGift
Why yo lips so dry???
BUT I don't like change, haha! I can't give up a Joe Mac opportunity ;)
where u at bro?
and paper/pencil/thumbs.
Kick ass talk by on fierceness as irruption by way of Tina Turner, Lady GaGa, and Paris is Burning at Annenberg this afternoon!
I feel you on this, hope you feel better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2764>
@ the US passport office to renew my passport.
Just thinking about the little girl that fell out of her chair at bdubs makes me laugh! Haha
I get the most interesting looks on the days I have to carry my tools with me.
I don't think so! But good luck.
Tune in to #GoodDayAustin on #myfoxaustin at 9:40 for great #fengshui tips for #2011! will be giving some great advice!
Broadcast journalist Connie Chung born today in 1946! 2nd woman to ever co-anchor a major network's nat'l news broadcast.
what you said
I meant those douchebags at the NFL and cinci for getting all giddy...
thank u brotha man! always glad to put a smile on ppl's faces! ;)
do me a favor and stop pretending to be my friend.
#hth2012 great talk in students as researchers, documenting stratigraphy of construction phases in Pompeii
But I like Team Paso for the gorgeous shirtless hotties!! Lol
DYK? Beethoven was a coffee lover & was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
All I want is to plant a victory garden.
Yolo Is Not the word i say , My word is
SAVE THE DATE! Next reading is Sunday, February 12, 2012. See you then!
oh. I get it now.
mock all you want. No goat for you.
Hi, we're a DC-based co working out of the Watergate. We're market testing a mobile platform can we show you over lunch?
The start of another semi-pro football season....and for the first time in 5 years I won't be covering a game. I think I'll get over it.
is fucking amazing and needs to come to #Louisville for a drag show.
717 views on #TornOutPages. I can't believe this. I really am shocked and amazed but I don't know how to keep things going. EEP
after watching that it's never no excuse for a bad blunt if you got two hands lol
This Wednesday - Central Market Westgate in Austin, TX - 6:30-9pm. Early show, good food and air conditioned - good times!!
Things seen around Fenway when entering the EMC level: Larry Lucchino squiring around some prime cougar talent.
I understand completely. I lived in a 1000 sq ft condo with 4 kids until recently.
Was curly wareing padding
i think the best part of a speak now show was when taylor would do a cover.
Saw David Allen today at SPBT.org. He said, "It's not information overload; it's 'potential meaning' overload that is overwhelming."
So Echo's attic nightmare involves a savage black man and Asians serving mystery meat? #Dollhouse has developed one messed up race problem.
How do we twitter the President if we have an idea that would CREATE JOBS and ELIMINATE MILLIONS to billions on Unemployment?
Wouldn't buying in bulk be cheaper? Either they're confused or Costco is.
Florida ranks 4th in the US in women-owned businesses.
One reason to object to the "love" rhetoric that pervades academe. Love=work harder for less money.
And...a chance to say the 2 golden words: "I booked" Many congrats.
BUT THEY ALL LICE ICON BLUE! (:
Everyone #FF ALPFA NY's own President on Twitter: -- Wish him a Happy Birthday today!
Some people just aren't good at whispering.
Proposal Warrior was at it again. I spent another 14+ hour day meeting proposal deadlines. Good thing for 5 Hour Energy Drink!
hoo tryna get beats? and wear whenever you want bruh.
#oomf doesn't realize how completely adorable he is. i'm sure mr. right is out there, waiting for him. <U+263A>
what's breakout of fans? Sounds more UK than KU on TV
Big Butts w/ Dents <<<<
RT : It's going to be a cool start to the week says another storm could be headed our way later in the week
Just heard a great #worldbooknight story from a giver - he took his books to a halfway house and the recipients got tears in their eyes
Looking forward to Workforce Planning and Analytics Workshop in SF on 12/1 and 12/2! Sponsored by Insitute for Human Resources
So apparently Tool is working on a new album. . .
no judgement here
Mornin! RT From Detroit to Flakes Mills and all over Battle Creek Good AM Michigan !!!
Excited to join the #socialSJSU class tonight! Any SocialCRM questions I can make sure and answer this evening?
I've had 5 people this morning send me the same stupid spam. Five people who are now blocked & reported. Knock it off, spammers.
ever heard of dirty rice? my cajunness is a beautiful thing.
got my nose re-pierced
Anyone have any ideas for dinner ?? Help me out here...far south side of milw. Co.
Drove 6 hours to see the O's vs Red Sox at Fenway and gets rained out,now what to do with the tickets?
Hail 3" in diameter in Hopkins Co along parkway
The beauty of this life God has given us is that every day is a new chance to be who we want to be, to be better than yesterday. Life=sweet
please follow meh ((: it would make my week cuzz who likes school? Hah (: pleasefollow!!
Do Not: Let periodontal disease get any worse once it has been identified.
Is there a problem in the social mobile local app dev space because they are primarily being built by 20 something year old dudes ?
Stuck throttle or brake failure at 190 mph
long lost friend! caught your blog via fb - beautiful work! looks like all is well :)
i wanna go on an adventure!!
"Oh my gosh!" translation: what i say when some moron is yapping and im not listening!
Agreed. RT: I would be really excited about being able to add my AOL screen names to GChat, but alas, it's not the year 2000.
dearest pansy thanks for wanting to give up harry. bitch. love katie bell
In. All in.
Developing situation for the for good things.....
Same here my freind said it was virus and not to click on the link
sex sex sex sex sex since i just got your attention hey bol
I want some #change to the normal everyday routine.
I don't dispute that. I'd like to hear why Bo is doing it, but we may never hear that.
why the people in twitter say ''i follow back '' and follow 6473 and have 26354 followers !!! how follow back !!
"Thank you for whipping the crowd into a frenzy!" Best line so far tonight.
Hey gurl how've you've been ? :) miss ya twitter buddy
Yankee Stadium: never again. Sox loss aside, that was the single most horrifying night of my life!
Congrats on getting your Tickets! Be on the lookout for REDD!
it will be good to see you on the big screen again John - looking forward to the Raven
Sorry for this cynicism, but the ongoing "liveable city" awards show probably shouldn't include 65+ days over 100 degrees.
yes that would help.
Thanks for the follow back, Rhonda. Welcome!
is sad... first time in 2 years.
Just wrapping up a new ad for Sharp Equity. Should shake things up a bit in the Realtor World.
I'm happy to chat with you about the panel.
Why do I get the idea that I'm going to hate the Black Keys before this NCAA tournament is over?
Not sure right now.. But I'm feeling inspired.
That moment when you realize all your friends are dating someone except you
everyone sells themselves. How and in what way do you sell yourself? can you do better?
Don’t forget it was God who healed or delivered you. Return and Follow God! Be Encouraged!
hearing alex trebek say "albert camus" in that over-the-top french accent = awesome
I'd rather be single and break hearts then be in a relationship and get my heart broken.
how come people dont support local rappers ???
I had a dream that my English teacher was gonna play videos all period as our lesson... #keepdreaming @ ~Kristyn
You're ugly."Okay."You're stupid."Cool."I hate you."I don't care."Austin Mahone can't sing." I give you 5 seconds to run.
Harry Potter & the Prisoner of Azkaban <U+E106><U+E409><U+E41F><U+E427><U+E41D>
I will now keep my mouth shut. The celts are winners
I don't inform most people, but most people leave knowing they didn't get the job.
Thanks for the RT. :)
Dad taught me, "if you can see through it, it ain't beer."
new cars are the way to go. When u buy thou u need to see the gas mpg. And check it against what other people say
Its all my fault.! Welp! Not a goodnight so far. Ill be happy to make it through tonight.
12:25 felt like a mini earthquake near NYC
I'm not ruining it by looking at the setlist
I'm borderline sunburnt, I spent too much money and my pants are a little tighter. All the markings of a successful vacation.
#OneThingAboutMe is that I pray every night to wake up in the morning to see that followed me !
I can't tell you how it ends & spoil everything... but it's brilliant & wonderful and so good!! #Loving ;)
When Chris announce the surprise, lets pretend we didnt know it was gonna happen! yea?
Love your music, Bran! Can't wait for the next album.
Happy 4th of July..
“ everyone IS a patient and a caregiver... #s4pm” although some do more of caregiving than others. (ie, women)
haha that's so awesome.
I'm on the inside looking out
I miss u too! I'm glad u ain't here tho cuz I'm sick! But the bait sadly set me up yesterday :-( but how are u
"glad I'm the guy on top" - Charles Barkley. Bahahaha #lakers vs
"A best friend is like a four leaf clover: hard to find and lucky to have." Happy St. Patty's Day!
Going to bed. Night.
woah woah Jill had another kid !? whats her email ??
Being locked out of a class for the period....guess they really don't want us here anymore.
Vegan mac and cheese !!
I'm in shock and nervous as hell
I heart Modern Family
And you can cry all you want to. I don't care how much you invest yourself in me. We're not working out! MCR is f***ing killer.
Oh Twitter...how I miss thee.
Thank you for the record breaking $170,000 raised from the Caring Classic golf tournament! You all are amazing!
Damn I ain't put my phone on the charger In two days && still got 80%
It's not coming out for any phones prior to the Pre2. Bad news on a good news day.
My hair is so short :'(
Woohooo congrats!! Can't wait to celebrate :) RT I'm OFFICIALLY done with college.
Wishing you the best of luck on getting those 8 wins. My bet is you will have a new coach in 2013 when you come play at Oregon!!
how are u able too see him all the time?!?:) lol:)
Its encouraging to see students contribute to #UWRightnow saying what makes special.
excellent, sounds like an accessibility issue as well.
Did anyone else watch S Club 7? Can we all agree the coolest one was the guy who didn't belong...Bradley?
ues you can gbby so tell me ,
Teacher: I wished you would pay a little attentionPupil: I'm paying as little as I can !
how are you?
lol I'm tweeting #vinnyprobz now:)
LADIES yeah! LADIES yeah! WANNA TAKE A RIDE IN MY MERCEDES
who on this shit
Mark your calender for "Reds, Whites, & Blues" on June 5th! We will be open to the public featuring our wines as well as live music!!
More leaders should lead by example. Inspire teams to innovate, exceed short, long term targets, drive rather than follow their market.
AMNP my newest Open Position - CEO just bought 18million on Open Market. 80 million OS, 30 Million Float. Get in while you can :)
that's my advice on pregnancy.
I didn't grow up with EPL though, so the club legend part is something that really makes it different
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.-- Zig Ziglar
Black Cherry Crush at the wild Buffalo, Bellingham Wa, first show here, feeling good.
: "Today, a ferocious focus on the few--most important--things."
Im sorry your "twitter life" isnt amazing and your going to leave but i rly dont give a shit do what you want!
I can feel my lip getting bigger as each minute passes, I.am.stupid.
“When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck.” – Estee Lauder
WOW, thanks red head licker!!
Happy Friday! Join Chi Cha and DJ Ivan for a great night on U St tonight
dude I know! That's why when my car gets fixed I'm looking for another job.
good night inspiration, aka (: xo
For reals..who wants to do my math homework for me :) I will give you a hug and a high five :))
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow. -Doug Firebaugh
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success."
he's so cute
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
IM FAKE
Thanks for allowing Wafrique to be a part of the Guide to Black Paris event tonight. We look forward to doing more!
Absolument! The invite I just emailed you had all the details - did you need it in another form?
"Learning never exhausts the mind" -- Leonardo da Vinci
I JUST WANT IT TO BE 3 ALREADY
Love that we can not have is the one that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
thanks bro! We're recording new material as we speak!
Think of me, think of me fondly, when we've said goodbye. Remember me once in a while - please promise me you'll try.
Any awesome presents received out there? Hope all had a great holiday!
is he a started next year?
i love everybody who is supporting xoxo <3
Less then 24 hours until the looting begins!
I just can't believe how happy I am right now. To made your day just made my day, and the feeling is amazing!!!
Marcus Goree Laugh n' Splash Charity Event tonight 9:00pm-12:00am. Good things for children all over!
Thanks for the shout out. Who are you choosing to be on your team for this weekend?
I need a Kendrick, Andre 3k, and Eminem track
cool bike!
yup, just resigned!
Fridays = Austream day <U+2665>
Hilarious seeing Joe & Ed put on a show for the media today at prctice. Yet, the elephant balancing on a giant ball was unnecessary.
That moment when you've proofread your email 3 times, hit send, and then realize you typoed the salutation *sigh*
Dreamed last night that I worked at Apple , SJ was alive & had me getting his lunch everyday in exchange for daily chats. Hmm
If you ever get caught sleeping in school, just put your head up & say: "In Jesus name, Amen."
when my girl walk she shuts down shop makin nigga eye balls pop
I have a renewed appreciation for my normally rigid schedule. It makes getting work done so much easier.
Oh I'm the same way right now
they use windows live messenger here so if you are on that add me!!!
Just broke my phone...so not in a good mood. Makes me want to leave EVO alone all together and maybe leave Sprint
how many diff ways can we communicate at once? Let's see we r on twitter topline & email! Now just call me during the break!
=) well it's def a priviledge!! nice to meet you!
There are so many things that I want to do to help people Lord, God. But I need for you to show-up and show-out over my life~BAMM.
Is it really Friday already? Pinch me!
is getting ready to take SO MANY PEOPLE to Israel! orientation tonight, and the trip is so soon.
use case/tutorial about your hadoop setup sounds like a great idea.. look forward to
can't make it to Mt P tonight in time for trucks. Hope you'll do it again!!!
Brunch starts at 10:30. Ask about our Jalapeño Vodka to kick up your Bloody Mary!
Can't wait to see what has in store for us this year!!
My 6,000 TWEET IS COMING SOON WHO WANTS IT????
just had a cool chat with a future save20 product - OMG peeps stay tuned
Its like selling a magnifying glass to a midget
I would TOTALLY buy Bud Light Muenster...but that's just how I do it.
Our pleasure. :)
Time off from blogging but I've still got time to post plenty of good stuff on Twitter.
BRUNO IS OUR WINNER.
Liberty Christian Center on Addison & Central. I've been going these past few weeks. Where do u go?
Darling, I can't slow down. Don't know why I do the thing I do, but I'll always be around.
Free Joint Monday with purchase of an 8th or more.
I'm Moises nd I want to travel to world and wake up every morning saying I love what I do!
Good for the Huskies #zing RT : UW-UConn will play home and home series starting next season in CT
merry christmas. <3
Join the Whotune Network of Tastemakers and receive a FREE monthly, 10 song sampler. Opt In by sending me an email to
Got it! Thanks for the heads up!
Couldn't agree with you more, Rebecca! Happy to have been your study buddy.
I feel like such a midget.
ha, love it :) take lots o' pictures!
nice gonna go surfing? Lol
Awkward..lol i wanna go home
“Cassie, she's you with a different hair colour.”
Feel like I'm gonna cry. Meh
Thanks for joining us!
Did you know that Hieber’s can help you to purchase high quality supplements through your Health Savings Account or HSA? Call...
Thanks so much! Always nice to hear both encouragement and thoughtful criticism from readers. RT : you are so...
Web TV is coming and it is time to jump on board with these 2 great pioneers
Come on bikers. Its sunny! Ladies let's get ready!!! Bike night and ladies night!!! Drink specials all night!!!
I love music, It makes me bounce. #musicisatureescape <3 ^.^
my self-employed self is jealous...good luck!
For a moment, I thought you were calling your followers goats.
Ferndorf is my favorite, but Prepared Piano and Snowflakes/Carwrecks are good, too. I also have collabs w/Nils Frahm, also good.
Winner Tom Morello about to play and my phone truly dying. Hugely inspiring Hillman awardees.
Oh lol that's my shit
best story ever. RT: I used to hate it but then one day I loved it (about Tim and Eric).
no problem
I think this it's all getting lost in the translation on twitter. I was not bullying ANYONE and was busting your chops.
no problem
The best game you can play is deciding if a womans existence is worth your presence
that child has some for real problems!
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw your true colors...
It felt like the end :-(
um, im a unicorn.
Selby KU, but Knight and Leslie UK?
Knitting socks with tri-color self-striping yarn: I'm excited to see the next color even though I clearly know what it is.
Check our website for upcoming gigs @ 5starjazzband.com
To eat an egg, you must break the shell. ~Jamaican Proverb
Just did our pre-interview for with Betsy Bitch for Tales from the Stage. Fascinating woman! Paul Shortino is back and have him today!
It'z amazing how time changez EVERYTHING,,,,, including (PEOPLE)....
RT "All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an #artist once he grows up." Pablo Picasso
Amazing! Respect the #patriotleague and f #duke!
This death was the breaking of my waters & from this day forward I will speak up for righteousness in the place of those who won't do it!
thx for thinking of us Chadwick!
Please see announcements on Webcampus for the additional extra credit site mentioned in class. U can earn up to 15 pts total EC
Just another typical Monday really
yes there is. It's so bad for you. Choose water.
I keep getting called Tin Tin
School, i could never feel like my self there i wish i did.
Me and fighting bout my hair xP haha
C'mon over and try Saz's Signature Stuffed Mushroom Caps! They are absolutely out of this world! Chef Rob knows his "Apps"!
is off to another improv battle; this one on the football field. vs Check it out: 90th & Wallingford,12PM
wanting to get some non-gmo berry bushes, can anyone recommend a good source?
I Wanna Do Something Different With My Hair. Ive Tried Everything And Im Out Of Ideas... Wat Should I Do Next?? humm
Good thanks! Out helping #RVA prepare their AC units for the summer. How as yours?
ask about that football I just threw him. Sign me up for #NFL.These new meds got me out here like MVick meets IronMan.
LOVE IT!!!
I love it! Everyone should do that. We'd be getting a lot of discounted stuff!
“: Final from staples center: #Nuggets 102, Lakers 99. LA leads series 3-2. Game 6 Thursday in Denver.” hell yeah
"When it comes to food, cheap is overrated" says Amen! Used in small amounts, even the most expensive salt is a great value
If only I knew he wasn't true..
#Word2TheWise Ur relationship with God is more important than anything becuz u know 4 sure that's a relationship that will last forever
I hear ya Mike - I'm gonna be praying for a week after the W today
“: check out Hopskoch for the best and most engaging ways to connect” cool thank you!
Pay careful attention to #sustainablethurston movement...implications could be profound if the right voices are not there to help shape!
I wonder who wil crak first
all you said was k! What was I supposed to say to that?
Yeah, consumer satisfication feels too good; they know the secrets, rise in the tax dollar streets!
i know im sorry. And people are just so mean to her for no reason! :(
I don't have a type. If I like you, I like you.
true that!
Psalm 121:7-8 The Lord will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life. The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this t
Why is so conservative while Fox's broadcasting seems the most liberal of any network? Is that planned?
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supercedes all other courts. - Gandhi
Ghost 3, got a great deal!
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. ~Veronica A. Shoffstall
Oh and a husband and a bunch kids whose names I cant remember.
Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown
I love you too!
Taj Gibson is the man.
You are so sweet! Thank you for your donation. We need to catch up! What is new, lady?
here's what makes Major League Baseball different from any other professional sport: one mistake is all it takes
Whether my hair is short or long, I'm still da bomb!!!
: another reason why Twitter is awesome!
If Justin Bieber ever says, "Nobody's perfect." Ima go up to him and show him a picture of a sexy one named .
Headed to the annual meeting. Hoping to sneak in a #hike later this morning!
Any designs yet?
we felt it too. It was pretty strong!
Glad you are enjoying them. I hope I'm properly showing how it is, not being misleading. :-)
Maybe they aren't looking to appeal to audiences in that visual way. Are you implying that musicians w/stands aren't as good?
I had a twitter since 2010 lol
I have followed back. :)
thoughts on #Thereflu ?
#Yankee is kicking ass
Accidentally deleted my "Messages" app! Text messages! How is that even possible? How do I get it back? :-/
would you like some ice with that water?
don't lose you're mind! You need it! Lots of summer shows planned new schedule coming soon!
Happy birthday , have a good one. :* <3
Stop complaining about your goddamn blue balls. That's what you get when you're dating someone several towns over and work 24/7.
consumerism has duped you into buying one
Wow zambia babez ar so hot.
Mob Wives is seriously the best show on tv!
square is right.....
about to unfollow if that pic does not change. Haha
Going w/ my dad 2morrow talked on the phone for like 4omins ima good daughter :)
Slag is classic?
more like their penis lol
So to truly improve, you must first destroy. Start over. Simplify. However, I know this may be out of your control. Good luck.
I wish I could just start a 5885435 year long tour.
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people. Colossians 3:23,
First 48. Ok, this makes up for Grey's being a repeat...only a little though.
dont sip where you dip
Solution? Reboot. Starting to feel an awful lot like Windows. I became a born-again Mac-user just over a year ago. Honeymoon's over I guess.
Garry Meier quote about "when you walk down the street with Skilling it's like walking with a Beatle"
Already writing the script: "Attack of the Killer Butterflies" oh wait... "Mothra" 1961. But then a butterfly ain't a moth ;)
3 minutes in and it's Lewis Black, not , disappointing me.
I should tweet about how excited for #TheAvengers I am. But I'm much more enthralled by the drama going on with the teenagers behind me.
I should say "redesign."
We have the most amazing people. Truly. Today we declare #BrianSpeightLoveFest2011 for going above-and-beyond this week. U rock!
Nice work!
what do u wish for Christmas this year? :)
Never realized how many players in the NBA wore Converse!!
Happy Mother's Day!
In Georgetown with the blasting Project Pat. This is pretty much sums my weekend up lol
sacha baron Cohen?
GUYS!!! FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
wow, thanks a lot!! you'e da man :D
Good morning Paul - cool we're following each other - hope you get laughs out of us too.
What does he think about retiring #13 tho? RT : Sports fans, follow , knowledgeable cat
ready for some baseball :-)
So many meetings this evening! Eckington, Stronghold, Bates!
Love bein with my friends back home "drink to all that we have lost,mistakes we have made,everything has changed. But love remains the same"
My booty is super tight..lol
I have to go to school Friday while no ones there b/c I already missed 3 in a row. -__________-
AMBER GOT A TWITTER !
Just followed you whats up
not fair.
On the way to a show in jersey. !!!! Follow the leader...
Epilogue to #SpiderIsland: now THAT'S how you wrap up a story arc. Well-played, sir.
Everyone has to understand the deeper meaning to life. Sports figures need to realize there is life and more outside of the sport
Even with those, they will still and always be number 1 in this town regardless, can't say that about yours.
Walking to the German Immersion School Craft Bazaar this am. M, Deutsch kuchen! :)
I haven't seen Orel Hershiser suck this much dick since the 2000 season.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan
Yes we plan too
I learned something valuable today. #GODisGreat! Thank you for the lesson
700 members & counting...bout 2 start sum new craigslist ads...
Time to buy me a Jacksonville tebow jersey
I fuck with Ready or Not joint
You should! Glad you got tickets :)
Do you feel my power!?
Congrats Lindsay! RT : I'll be interning at The Knot this summer!
Feeling good. Photoshoot went fab! New media kit comin' soon. Watch out world, here I come!
If and followed me.. I would probably crap a brick haha
I will
Thanks! Damn right! #Giants have gone to far to come back home empty handed!
love u too sis!
is awesome! They made it easy to recycle my old gadgets, and I even got a little $ for one. YAY!
Play ball! The Brewers and Bill Wegman take on the Athletics and Dave Stewart in Oakland.
it's 84 degrees outside and i'm on twitter
It's actually a Santorum campaign ad with a Romney look alike
So excited to set up camp at The West Hollywood Book Fair on October 2nd! You should come say hi.
Reading Lisa delpit's other people's children at advice of colleague, provoking a lot of soul searching for me as a white teacher
Lovin' the graphic that will have to stand in front of tonight on news!
Don Express? Is that like CPK Express? RT : I'll send you a bottle of Don, express!
needs to come get his gift.
When it comes to the fourth quarter, it's the will not the skill. -
RobertRdz "Awesome Machete screening tonight. Great seeing so many Machete fans come out for support."
#FEDUP cutting MORE taxes wo paying 4 will ACCELERATE hitting debt ceiling. Unpaid 4 BUSH TAX CUTS R BIG contributor to debt ceiling RISE!
or we should go to orangeville and ill buy u some oranges there:)
Q: how much do you weigh? You don't need to be knowing that.
You're quite welcome!
I hope you are having a good weekend, and things got better :)
Poor Nick!
try going to the warehouse in Madison where they test all the new equipment. AH.
all the while will ferrel is saying she's horrendous to look at. Lol
I think that's what we're counting on :)
nah I didn't get a count down txt <U+E403>
lol aight bro. You DJ'ing tonight?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Time to #rock!
Brinkley for a first. 13 yard pickup
Cirque de Soleil was lovely!
i was hoping I wasn't the only one sick of her in everything. She's like the new Betty white
When were alone, were more than friends. When she's around, were strangers. And, when were around friends, were just friends.
Just asked to come on this Saturday when is filling in w/ me. I hope his nastyass says "Yes!"
Young lady, is that an alcoholic libation you are drinking?
i love emulators and roms
Congrats on the AskMen gig... Your writing style is a great fit over there. Looking forward to more great articles.
I can't wait til the lake is my backyard.
Can't wait for NBA Playoffs Saturday!
Quote of the day from a customer at sxsw "I love your Willie!" referring to our Willie Nelson poster of course!
But we've got to mad at everyone all of the time...so.
Follow now! For me plzz(;
Feeling like robin hood right now.
no... You're a very lovable person!!
seen it before too.... they got one for Miami Mamas to.
I want it All and then Some .
1st Hosting production meeting.
My twitter dead, sorta
July 14th needs to hurry up!
less than one minute old <3
Yes! We were mistaken. Rodgers was on letterman today.
": I couldnt agree more! xo-F". You made my day. Seriously Here's to a great show tonight.
Very thankful my wife picked me up from the side of the road today. Especially knowing she had better things to do.
You took the words (tweet) right out of my mouth.
I'm tired af I'm goin to sleep good night I'm sleeping with a smile on my face tonight and your the reason :)
Too funny! RT I just saw a girl who looks like Lindsay Lohan in Parent Trap. Think Lindsay will sue her?
Thank god
Now you're talking...
RT : To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. - Donald Laird
For the admin console? Or for accepting customer payments?
yo, we have the same name! :)
Also, our group "Third Stream Giants", at the Otter House May 8th! Get ready for our new CD! :)
NO NO NO NO NO NO. ND better pull this outta their ass
RT : 3 reasons I love my son: he donates his art to charity; his pet portraits are cool; some guy in Vegas tattooed his...
Listening to presentation by Bob Sherlock of on pricing at Renaissance Exec Forum for CEOs.
Jarrett Bush will make the pro bowl this year #24..... SPECIAL TEAMS OBVIOUSLY, but nonetheless
its raining jordan hallelujah oh its raining...
Good luck to you and your wife!
I'm getting ready to build a virtual conglomerate with several websites. I need a web builder to work for a piece of the action. Interested?
Tell em not to put it in your butt too hard tonight :)
You captured the bitchface perfectly, not even gonna lie.
The Beastie Boys remind me of when I was a lesbian for six months in high school. Don't ask. Ok, ask.
hey there
Just spent over a grand at IKEA...worth it!!
Really good time right now for bridezillas to pitch a spin off called "gayzillas"
I'm kidding. I need to go get some clothes myself.
#Alzheimer’s” is trending 8th on #yahoo’s main site this morning…
i still hold my breath when i pass cemetaries.
Good night! It's one here. I have to drop my tired body on my bed. Night
I'ma do it. Fuck it I'm all in
Done with the surprises for today.
the greatest door in the history of door decorating contests
I wanna make him mines .
ill tell you about it tomorrow Hahaha :) its a great story.
how's the hockey beat? i had no idea you were such a fan.
performances are never the same twice in a row
Let the words of my mouth and the meditations of my heart be pleasing in Your sight God
hey, you're in town!
Better still: put them on Flickr/Picasa RT : Idea - using Pinterest to market digitized images from your archives/IR
people complain about ALOT of things...why don't I ever hear complaints about taxes due? :\ Like this: I hate doing my sales tax return. ;)
Follow us and we'll follow you back! Spread the word!
release a new song please haven't heard a sexcay jls song in time<U+2665>
Congress: Bingo with billions. - Red Skelton
Pretty embarrassing as a librarian to get an email from your child's school about all your overdue books. But that didn't happen to me.
Get your music fix on tomorrow midnight with & and Anton Bass :)
3rd Team All NBA - Tony Parker, Derrick Rose, Kevin Love, Bynum....forgot KOBE switch him on the 2nd team with Rondo.
I can try lol; I've been working on a change wallet recently! (:
Catching up on pitching some of my story ideas. It's fun in that you never know where the next one will land.
Wow, that was coldblooded!
it is a process and sometimes takes time. Hang in there for sure. Have you spoken with you football recruiting coach yet?
Maybe Obama could streamline his day with a goal for each policy issue and add his key advisors to each! www.IamINC.biz
RT Wow… #ididnotreport - check it out
so what was the thought that just crossed your mind?
Craving Red Lobster...
Sounds like a keeper to me.
Had another great day at "Riverside Arts Market". Sold a lot of prints but not any paintings.
My gawd there's girls dancing on the floor, in the stage and on the bars! RENEGADES ROCKS!!!!
Congrats on finishing your first year!! Thats awesome. :D Im almost done with my sophmore year of HS. Oh Im lame :P haha
Um bruh...I don't think that's the sample the NFL is looking for. I'm just saying.
RYAN AND WILL, Y U BOTH NO SHUT UP AND GO TO SLEEP.
#danedems forum @ concourse Htl. K. Vinehout..a local shithouse on every corner to have green energy and WI a Leader for USA. U GO GIRL!!
Is the website having issues? I want to be a Friend of Bobst but it won't let me proceed =\
's new stuff really is the shit!!!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Giordano's - Pizza (live updates)
"I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start."
Looks like Ryan Braun knows his #plushdamentals. Go Brewers!!!
what is Bourn's lifetime avg vs the #Brewers? I feel like he crushes us!
TBH, I think it was the task you wanted people to complete rather then lack of interest in accessibility. /cc
I like my all my bitc*es nasty like a Cold dinner Team-wayne
bout to go get a chop in a few
RT : This is the Houston Astros' final game in Philadelphia as a member of the National League. Weird. //> Just had this chat in WAWA
Very sad news about steve mcnair found dead...
he's too clean cut for me. Lololol
Just resent the link to the 5k registration, let us know if you are still having problems opening!
Celebrating the March birthdays of Jazz Clarinet greats
Just a heads up to appear in everyone's feed you need to start with a character other than usually people use a .
Finally on twitter
Finally in louisville!!! :) chillen at 4am with my cuzzin jenna :) oreos and puppies al over ur face ;) lol this is when summer gets fun
It's the best song to fall asleep to <U+2665>
Honestly i'm going to forget so I will do it 2 days early Happy Birthday!!!!!!
#Philly would love to meet you! Come to #kensington and check out what director is doing with !
I do too, they make them look good.
Enjoy Your Life, You Only Get One <3 !,
Im alone at home ... -___-
Self-discovery increases your possibilities...
do speak Spanish?
LOOKS LIKE I PICKED ME UP A NEW BESTFRIEND ...
she such a push over we ran that class
what an idea!
RT : You don't need to seek permission from another person to be happy. Just be happy. :)
Never thought I'd be able to hear CEO talk games 3 rows in front of me. The gaming nerd in me is happy.
ready to get in the game
Hermanas please do not forget that early registration for convention ends on Friday! Don't miss out. This year will be better than last.
"I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinks on me: you are my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God."~Psalm 40:17
Not sure if I actually have free time or just forgetting everything.
I met yesterday.. haha
nm. Bored. What's up with you?
Heading to #outsidelands this afternoon
": #Scorpio #20ThingsAboutMe #2 People don't realize how funny I can be, I only let some people see THAT side of me"
#FlightstoAtlanta is AWESOME
It must be a "Girl-Only" thing... UGH! RT : My apps are still there.
today is my 2 year anniversary with my lovely boyfriend! <33
interiors blogs entering the retail market? See the exciting aussie pop-up shop by as highlighted on
next goal wins
i got to admit the truth-- i am totally head-over-heels in love with you<3
Wow you are such a close minded person and probably a closet dyke yourself and I will always be a fan of
I was there last year around this time!
Never, Magnetic propulsion is real.
Thank you !! i will add ur tweet to the video :)
does anyone even know u exist anymore?
How are you "living green" this spring? We want to hear your best tips for more sustainable living!
Thanks for the RT's & !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Y BIRTHDAY BABYGURL<3333 I LOVE YOU TO DEATH HOPE YHU HAVE A BOMB ASS BIRTHDAY <3
yeah, I know it's the soap. Unfortunately, second straight day with a sick kid home from school.
music is made to be played loud
Amazing panel on media just concluded...really looking forward to the next session on balance
I texted u :) want to do next Wednesday? I need a hump to look fwd too
KU and UK and blue all over. #gobigblue - the KENTUCKY kind!
hey I'm just sayin not everyone bitches lol
Feeling too poorly to move just yet.
Xavi has plenty of practice, yapping for years about Cesc's Barca DNA.
Why am I only able to select a subscriber type for merge replications????
thanks, following back!
That shouldn't be an issue. Are you signed into your 4sq account in the same browser you are using to sign into Snoball?
“: Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.”
If God is Love and you can't have one without the other, how do you deny God/Love to anyone?
tonight we are bored... hahaha
Bryan, I'm so sorry I can't make it. Just swamped here at RISE. Hope y'all have fun!
Roseann Munger art is showcased at Jane Hamilton Fine Arts! adultwellness
Said the alligator king to his 7th son, "My son, you win the crown!
You can ride bicycles inside hotels at #sxsw ?
Curse that thing called work!!!
I got this Jones forming in my bones
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
I think you have been hacked
what time do we have to be at the school tomorrow? Last track meet :(
- need a Job ? You believe in yourself ? Go here : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
So glad this happened
I just met you, this is crazy. Here's my number, call me maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Join us this Thursday at Spill at 6pm for a How's it Growing party for the Mustache 4 Cash/Color 4 Kidz fundraiser! It should be hairy!
Orange with a tan can be pretty hot!
I hate the radio I've heard the same 5 songs at least 10 times each today
Enjoy it Michael!
Thanks for the retweet of the Social Media Danger Zone! It's a scary place to be...
My friends at are getting ready for the 2012 #CulinaryOlympics and I'm helping them spread the word. Going for gold!
Word to the wise !!! RT : Don't fear the enemy who attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you.
You better be prepared!
"Grown over Hoes"-The Motto
ima go next year
Are you sure you can't??
How's the summer been treating everyone?
Conan O'brien cant stop is a fantastic doc
Thanks ! I haven't-looks like good reading though. I want to do a show how including "nature" in city design is important.
Did you know snooki outlast tweeted me
Are you kidding me.PSTD?. No wonder Social Security is running out of money. Thanks Mike for exposing.
We love you too!!!
big congrats!!!
I've determined that despite watching hours of cake & cupcake related TV shows- I'm, in fact, no better at decorating a cake than at age 12.
I've been exhausted for weeks
Welcome to Nittany nation!
omfg I thought it was due Friday????
Wonderful weather for scouting! ;)
anyone know how long it takes? Downloading iOS 5?
Going over the schedule for the unconference soon.
I'm surounded by the guys in physics class. We have a sub so that=no work
it was an autocorrect on her iPad!
: I have to get my car first. When i start work that's gonna be the first thing i'll get.
Had a nice dinner with , Jill, and Keith. Now I have experienced Hawaiian fusion food.
when middle schoolers have bigger boobs than me<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I'm SOO happy with the picks, but in more shock that we actually used them. LOL.
If we took per game stats from that era at face value, there would be no argument against Wilt being the GOAT.
RT Junior staffers competing in 'worst Hunger Games/North Korea' joke contest. I am thinking of firing them all.
that awkward moment when anthony&jonathan show up at your house & say you don't tweet a lot :P
Just followed
Photos of my house are in that book in the chapter on Westwood! Great book. We have it at the gift shop too.
some people say your 2 bussy 4 ur fans . WELL I THINK YOU LOVE, CARE 4 US AND YOUR JUST TRYING TO HELP US THOUGHT UR MUSIC =)
uh fine *kicks you* now time to summon the flying horses
The kid's getting ready for school
We are now testing Arq Backup For One Of Our Office Mac - Shaping up to be "Best In Class" for Cloud Storage On The Mac -
The surgery was a success!!!!!! Thank you lord... He is truly the Amazing!!!! I am so blessed that he was my surgeon today.. God is the KING
Checking in at Higher Dimension Church!
it's a conspiracy!
And I hear you control the too in addition to True or rumor?
don't make me beat you
Heyy! #followfollowfollow i will follow back
Holy shit, haters need to stfu and leave the fans at peace! >.<
you're one few! I just know the difference between someone doing something because they want to not because it's what's expected
is anybody!! LoL!!
Harris: “That’s not in the best interest of the district to treat people that way”
RT : Holy Reunion!!-Lord
learning omeka, feeling empowered to archive.
160 Followers on Twitter...Hm, things are getting better every day!
SAT tomorrow. Early to bed for me.
im on the net to network, not to be your friend,like really?mtmore210yahurd81me
Thanks Dave!
Of course! Thank you as well :-)
That's fine, I thought it was two articles
Good morning :)!
tha do, why I said look just tad bit alike!!!!! @
Ice it immediately. Lie on your back with something under your knees, icepacks under you.
I am happy as well.
Announced today: the launch of the Barnes & Noble eBookstore (www.bn.com/ebooks), the world’s largest eBookstore (per B&N)
keeps categorizing DC Parking tickets as "Entertainment." I guess that's one way of looking at it.
that's fantastic, just love Henry and his music thanks for.sharing!!
The Chocolate Library on the Food Channel! www.foodchannel.com/articles/article/chocolate-library-opens-nyc/
did the sweats fall down?
What am I talking about I hate pie.
having a hard time... gotta keep pushing forward... sometimes I can't see the end of the tunnel, but I'll get there,I know #StillFighting <3
Maidens always wore their hair long in those days, and when they met the man that they wanted to marry...
Rocking out The Bitter End on Friday.. Hopefully we find as much success at when she played there.
I found your lovely irreverent blog via GothamGram and love its lovely irreverence.Thank you.
A-Stat's first mixtape under Suburbial Music Group coming out soon. Look out for it. Keep yourself updated with the movement. We takin off!
Be an optimist - at least until they start moving animals in pairs to Cape Canaveral. -Unknown Author
Follow the Anderson-Abruzzo Balloon Museum Foundation, & get a membership! Great perks for a great deal!
Just thought I'd mention how wonderful spotify really is
at Robeson. These fake coaches are funny to me.
It all must be balance so from the best comes the worse and from the dead comes life.
A t-shirt is more than fabric thrown over a body to avoid nakedness. It's your mind partnering with your body to relay a message about you!
Fuck my life! Worst day.
Love You Back! I miss you and all that you are! : )
We are having paella (and lots of #wine). It's the first time we haven't done a turkey!
I give my stamp of approval to #KEYANDPEELE. Very funny show
Paul Wapner on founding of Global Environmental Politics. New avenue needed for newer subject matter. Not traditional poli sci.
I know what you are going through I am 27 days sober myself
or slam
Ughh like my dentist, hate going to the dentist! Left Side of my face is numb
happy november y'all. let's not forget the best holiday is coming up.. thanksgiving!!!
School Starts in 26 days! Where did my summer go? I have to get to blogging again!
Sebelius says goal is to be sure every youth in America is safe at home, school and in neighborhood.
I say the same thing! & thats why I'm still single ;)
Congrats! Conveniently close to Zuni Cafe, one of my favorites.
Buffering should not exist. You should just click on a video and then it should play.
I cannot wait til u come to the mile high city that is Denver, CO. ...i know u love me and soon u will see..i was like 8 at time.
Hard to forgive him for batting Donny bleeping' Murphy second last night also...
#humblebrag RT : Just moonwalked with Einstein (and ) all over the brachial plexus.
I will be your Outlook class..I want to figure out this #businesscontactmanager in 2007..
Tomorrow is a VERY SPECIAL DAY !
The key to winning escalator races is to get the #1 pole position
I wish I wass everything you wanted
A IS ON MY REPORT CARD! LOL
Kenny Rogers - Through the Years ....
I just realized I only go out with ricans :o lml <33
MOM deserves it! Bring her to Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint for a Real BBQ on Mother's Day :)
I will put it on my bucket list. Love to come visit friends! Smiles, Rochelle
yeah that kid is something else. Where was this?
Game one of the Eastern Conference Finals? 0 Goals Given.
is at DiscoveryBeat 2009 in SF - application discovery in an age of noise...
HEY GIZZLE!!!!! LOL I KNOW U BEEN GRINDING HARD AS HELL WORKING ON 8TH CD TGT ALBUM I SO CAN'T WAIT #GSANGELS 4LIFE. GODBLESS
RT A1: Mitchell, SD: train depot is now a restaurant and of course the Corn Palace is a top 10 basketball arena
I think the phrase "Compose Tweet" is quite grandiose. Not to mention how grandiose grandiose sounds.
We keeping this lead. Watch.
My two cents. I think George Zimmerman has either left the country or killed himself.
Why loser ? :D
"This house is filthy, get off your ass and clean it!" "bitch ya Dick is filthy, suck it urself tonight!"
I was right!
nicely done team!
the Angel fans are really pissed off right now I hear them cry and cry on the Angel Radio show in california
I know right! I'm growing my back!
Good Monday Morning to you
Loving Real Time w/#billmaher tonite!Oil spill pissing him off + #immigration just gets uglier.#ChrisMatthews great panelist!
Awww thank you eric.... I miss u friend : (
Crispy Chicken Salad w Cherry Wood Smoked Bacon, Red and Yellow Grape Tomatoes French Vinaigrette, Challah Toast and 2 Poached Eggs.
oh dang!
Hey I'm a fangirl who enjoys obsessing over Cody Simpson, One Direction, & Ariana Grande.
The way my daughters whine and cry so much, I'd almost rather them be teenagers and dating boys than deal with this crap.
born in Bethesda Naval Hospital...will have to do
Dalton won the tv for me!
Weekly check-in time with and
The other day in gym when Demarcus said I was going straight to hell <<<< lmao
The most beautiful gift we can give each other is the truth.
I saw it alone, and it was great. Me time.
sometimes it is funny for me to think about how much Brooklyn has changed in 15 years.
Dang I just wanna sleep in....
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti -- Great Minds Quotes ()
Watching Sherlock and trying to write an essay don't go together very well.
you my baby <3
Why do all stepdads on the hallmark Christmas movies plan to ship the kids off to boarding school....smh...
How pervasive in science is degrading treatment of technicians? Or is it just culture of specific places?
Taj Gibson is personally trying to get Boozer amnestied
Thanks for the follow Chester!
For what it's worth, I'm still nervous. “: This will go down as one of the more gutless performances in Mavs history”
thanks, Kimberly! I'm still learning about writing, too. We learn together ;)
Yo! Me, & are here. Come see us! Section 114, row 8.
We're at the War Memorial Plaza all afternoon across from City Hall! Come visit us and learn how you can advocate for a child in need!
Hunger Games at midnight tonight, I'm so excited! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Gravity can never hold you down as much as Hate and Greed
I'm a little teapot.
Haha. I had to do it.
- thanks for following me and welcome to twitter. Be well, Marc
Yeah I realized that after an hour or so...
NO!!! Stop lookiin! There has not been a tracked leaked off of UNCHAINED... I protects my shiit. Be patient ppl UNCHAINED cumiin real soon..
Get it legit, noob. :P
Either "Jump Around" or "Ice Ice Baby."
That lettuce doesn't look very tight, Jim.
Mooresville NC school district provides laptops and digital content for students for the same daily cost of a bottle of soda.
Great gig at Wolf Trap! Keep checking our Facebook page- Third Stream Giants, for photos and videos of us at Wolf Trap! :)
I'm getting lazy, I get excited about my flights getting cancelled so I can sleep in.
For the latest in Music Fests, Travel, Culture and general goodness, make sure to follow on Twitter
Get that outta there
Seriously, how do you run into a fire engine???? It's big. And shiny bright RED. It's kind of hard to miss!
“: God is Good :)” and all the time God is Good!
whoa get it
If Evans and Bruiser can hit open shots, the #Badgers will be tough to beat. Tonight, it was Evans' turn to shine.
lol and only you saw it
Ha! No groin kicks, since I don't play merby. Maybe a few love bites.
I love you too
Ha, don't worry! It's a general sentiment of editors. But take heart, I was working on other projects today.
RT : Another trend for fall: military. Maybe inspired by Milan's menswear? Check out & for inspiration
And..Amazing. Ah, the old elbow to the eye routine! Hard to master to make it look like an accident.
“Do not fall down in your job as a parent"
great question. We're curious to see the responses.
verdict is in, foreclosures are around for a while. Would love to help if you are in distress... www.homesellerhelp.info Remax Results
No but I got bitten back for being a psycho! =)
Dang sorry I missed it.
I'm probably the only one I know who gets more sleepy after drinking a red bull.
A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga. <--- Ion wanna see this shit no mo
Can't wait to see them done!
Guy on the phone to his attorney. His ex took his kids out of state and never came back.
Oh mother, tell your children not to do what I have done.
i just heard about it! i hope they can get it under control :(
of course you are
Guess the internet dismantled the throne of kingmaker NME style & disseminated the power to create stars into multiple hands
Thank you! She keeps me on the move - never a dull moment, she's a busy kid! :)
There Be Dragons in my pants
And *that*, folks, is how you play billiards. RT : Fuck in one hole. Bust. Out of the others.
This essay interview is 20 short answer questions with a 3 page essay... -_____-
Come check out happy hour tonight at the West Wing Bar from 5-8pm inside the MGM Grand!
Ridin' Out In The Whip!! Haha
Watching a #celtics game in overtime on tv is crazy but I bet watching it live in the garden is ridiculous! I wouldnt be able to breathe lol
Work in the am...
I like elephants. That's it. If I have money, I don't need another reason right? Free elephant rides for all!
Are some people at GSA not too terribly happy with Google Apps Email Migration... that's what the little blue bird is telling me...
unbelievable. that is al.
[inappropriate joke about penetration by wasps redacted]
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail. David O. Selznick
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead Well geez, there are just so many, where should I start? ... You serious Twitter? This is trending?
We care about you! Let us know what events and promotions you have coming up!
#Guilty > RT That awkward when you read “moment” yet it isn’t even there.
thank you Captain Obvious RT French vocabulary : two-door sedan coach = coupé
Thanks for the shout out brother, you ready for Christmas? Hope your doing well!
Ordering my free credit reports....SMH!
is going to take Kipp and Sydney to iFly at Universal City! Has anyone tried indoor skydiving? I know it'll be a blast!
I going back to the 1970's in music that is
"Lady Gaga has no fans." Uhm sorry, I can't hear you over the 70+ MILLION Little Monsters screaming around the planet.
I walk to the office kitchenette to get tea and I find...GIRL SCOUT COOKIES!!! There goes my healthy eating, lol!
I just had a *literally* ice cold beer. And I remembered why that concept has become such an advertising cliche: it's fucking delicious!
yea I went 2 the aquarium
- Sadly the great Wichita station is long gone. Just an empty lot there now...
"Spike dat fear bieber" # I <3 justin.
Thanks so much for your generous donation to our event on Sunday night! You rock! I mean, you POP!
all registered Wordcamp Ed DC participants should have received an email update today. If not, let us know. 16 days until the event!
Very cool images! And "B stands for beer, which you drink when you're dry" -- goes without saying.
text me cus my laptops broken ;/, and i have half bar left.
its actually at Indiana University. This gets better and better
Happy Mother's Day!
Are we done making the Ryan Hollins jokes now? Dude is playing his tail off.
">>" usually means "much greater than," not "leads to." Maybe "->"? Same # chars.
#SomeOneIUseToLike tried to steal my Bacon ..Let's just say she won't try that shit again
I'm pretty sure I just saw "him" fly by me in his car, lemme text this nigga lol
Damn L.A.
Thanks, Bill. It was a nice morning. How are you?
Prediction. stays in Cleaveland.
thanks for the invite to throw. Means a lot.
sex sex sex sex sex sex I'm a virgin sex sex sex virgin sex sex sex haa
Michael will be on-site with one of our larger clients for the remainder of September, but will remain available for emergencies & calls.
fair enough
I AM SO SAD I AM NOT THERE
Salud to the end of a great week!
Oops... Bees blow it again...
City Ordinance of the Day: Possession of an open container, or public consumption, FINE: $303
S.O. to these followed! Everyone follow them!
I die every time that commercial is on. They picked the PERFECT guy for it too.
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you" RT
Thanks! And heck yeah, I'm going to FFL12!
I lived there for a little while. Quite awesome ;o) RT : Eating my last meal in Italy. Super sad face.
OH...SO, Y'ALL WANNA HIDE THE TWEET THINGIE, EH? WELL...I FOUND IT...SO THERE! ;-)
You know what also wouldn't hurt to add? Another ) to close your parentheses. ;-)
HAHAHA I'd like that ;)
You should come follow all of us on #Instagram. Come hang with us in the world of pictures!
Rainy night special at Magazine St! Get a free waffle cone with any purchase over $2! Just mention this tweet. Offer ends at 11pm
Braving the crowd at the Shins free show! #SXSW :)
Impressive night at the Blue Jays Unlimited Senior Athlete Banquet. This is arguably the most successful Sr Class in JHU Athletics history
as does yours,Cherish Calendar! :)
What is the play?
Hello to all my followers... a sad day on this world... give thanks for all we have and continue peace with one another...
I don't think I've ever met someone that talks as much as Mrs. Downs
That is great to hear, Anthony!
Hey what's everybody been up to tonight
In 2012 we are strategizing and working with some great organizations and brands.
“: haha if anyone has to drive 600 miles for anything sounds like an open market to me #opportunity” True that, JD
I'm officially tired of hearing Joshua's voice!
he's a rescue dog. Notice he only has one eye
Happy cheap chocolate day!
Great dinner with and Sheryl from TekWorks. Talking #AudioVisual and #Architecture over sushi.
I'm pretty sure my wife counted for 1/2 those visits. They just didn't recognize her w/the her new outfits
Takin the ACT tomorrow.
Anxiety induced insomnia is back. No sleep for days. Awesome.
if u got eyes look at me now!!!!!
For sure! I will.. You go out there and be successful! :):):)
Then we should probably start a TV show.
Testing from Tweetdeck....
Well I guess it is now. Thanks!
Give the gift of good health this holiday season. Buy your loved one personal traIning or a gym membership or both!!
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday? Than get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!! 18b & Fremont East will be a rockin...
No books 4 I read!! I'm excited, I can't living without books (that's nerd). But, If I start + book, I finish before Friday?
I am not happy about it.
Sounds good!": Currently Craving: Benjamin Roll, Puff Daddy, Garlic Salmon, Tommy Roll and a Zig Zag Handroll. What about you?"
My wife is trying to teach her dad how to play Plants vs. Zombies on the iPad. Ah, Christmas.
We’re excited to welcome the Conference to Portland this weekend. Thanks for all the great work you do.
Sitting beside (:
Just delivered a gift baby portrait session. Someone is getting Balance for Christmas!!
Tebow to the Jets. Well....I've got nothing.
Who else thinks next years Super Bowl #halftime will be a flashback to the 70's or 80's with Disney's "Up With People" performing?
In need of assistance converting 3 separate accounts into 1.
#inmiddelschool everyone accepted you
You should do twitter contest too for OD!
National Drowning Prevention Alliance- "Drowning prevention through education"- AMAZING
Anytime yo. :) but alright we shall talk tomorrow.
I just taught my entire #EBUS118 class from an iPhone (thanks to VGA adapter)
How did I get so lucky to have such an amazing guy that comes w fantastic family :)
Tapestry is making me feel itchy (but in a good way). It is officially on route to the printer.
If u r following me,u need to find ur way to Eden lounge. Dj Life off the chain. Greeks are representing tonite. Rooftop is rockin!!
what man eff dreams ! lol he better go to fetish
lol mind your business
Invest more - and more intelligently - in #socialmedia says
did u do wat I said or r u still bein a punk lol
lmao fuck it. She ain't gotta know. But yeah homie. We gonna be on that page again soon.
shouldn't have let the eye doctor dialate my pupils. I can't see anything
how about a threesome
www.facebook.com/cftnurseryinc check us out
It was tasty :)
Happy Birthday! :)
Frostee will be a nice addition if the Browns sign him. Less Jayme Mitchell = More production. Solid move to help the d line.
#bored i miss school! Ugh did we cook today? Text me from haleys phone..
28 days of being alcohol free and I feel great. Now to relax
Baseball game
No. It's near Greenville.
i think its time to take this show on the road...who want me to come do a show in they city first?
im straight jamming to your album up all night! i jus love it!:D love you
A cool $10B when compared to their $100B stash doesn't seem so bad! I think is in Boston as we speak.
Seriously this is so educational. I'm learning a lot.
Drunk and cheerful dancing at Rasputin. Come to be my partner!
Hi Maegan! How's IL treating you? Thanks for the follow back.
I can only imagine. I was at a home that had chickens and goats in the backyard
you call her your great aunt
Regardless of how it goes down, life goes on.. Am I right?
Jerking off with an iPad
"We are not vilifying people because they are rich but the problem is..."
because I never see it anymore
there is a Meet Up for seeing movies?
what's tea why you can't pick up the fucking phone lol
tweets stuff that is 24-48 hours old news #Unfollow see ya
Than the ssuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
But Deborah is also good, as long as you sing it in falsetto.
Loving this Malentines Day . . . What's that you may ask? . . . Why its watching Firefly and playing a drinking to it. Garam good night!!
I Believe My #Feature Is Bright
It's not an up or down vote no matter how you spin it #DesignedToFail MT
one of the best shows ever!!!
Ay Wandita, I know the feeling. I've been handling it with bobby pins! Going to get my hair done today, al fin.
Gooney-Goo-Goo, Gus.
SUMMER. HURRAY. :(
Booboo Stewart? Sorry can't find him on mention
Trivia is underway here at The Tracks. We've got a very drunk, very loud crowd.
I've never had LESS of an idea what the Denver Broncos are going to do in the
I'm glad you stopped by, but I want you to actually listen to some songs too! They are all different. If you hate one, try the next one.
what shoes do u have on?
what time is game?
you must unlearn what you have learned
You know it's finals week when you find a highlighter in your bathrobe pocket.
Adding Twitter to our website
“: Love how Big Sean says "Swerve" on "Mercy" <3” i love how u love stupid things kimpossible
Can security meet me in the front in 25? RT I hope you survive
Thank you to the wonderful woman of Marin YWCA who invited me 2 speak today. Met some new friends and learned about a wonderful organization
rain checks always good and it's raining now! See you soon.
Filming the funny today!
so I have officially been grossed out. I watched the human centipede 2 it was so awful. Don't ever watch it you will throw ...
Guess I'll check out Dancing w/ the "Stars". The pro dancers are more famous than the new cast... Smh
: No I want be going down for the funeral. Kashia is sending some flowers trying to find out who has the body.
I gained followers. Idk if it was cause of you but.. yeah
Up with lots to do! Thank God for your abilities because I know with Him all things are possible & on that note, GETTING THINGS HANDLED!
Always fun to enjoy some laughs and cocktails with the likes of and aka BlindManSees.
reason #1 why being a public official sucks, you have to read the rules carefully.
@ my terrace! Yaaaaay!!!
for when
1 week down, 1 more to go in Seattle. $7.50 left. How would you get creative to survive? Need ideas.
because they hungry and really tryn to get in the game. you gotta respect they drive homie.
.. He was offered citizenship to avoid visa complications and remained a New Yorker.
safe traveling to you too! Maybe we'll see you there!
My English teacher is talking shit about Justin. Fuck her.
No good games...guess I'll look at OSU.
hell yea, congrats my dude. better see you soon gotta have bro week asap
I really need to see this Hugo movie.
let me know if you have a few minutes Tuesday or Wednesday evening? Don't need long just quick catch up and a huge hug!
Fridays here!!! *in snooki voice*
Home | Duke University
Everything is all good ;)
Are those 'firecrackers' in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Just a lake day
#np jack and Diane
Just got home from #LeftForum. Much love to , and for hanging with me and all weekend. <3
I see more and more actors self-submitting. You really have to know how to craft well to make good audition videos!
yeah I lived in small-town Michigan w/ no jobs. There weren't a lot of options. I don't regret my school debt.
Congrats Bert, yer Awesome!
with an exclusive interview in moments on - tune in!
4 hour nap, then I'm back in Ft. Worth & ready to tackle another day.
Aha! You found it. Hilarious. I miss Mitch. "I saw a wino eating grapes. I was like, dude, you have to wait."
our boy is up to tricks once again.
up to 50% referral fee for all real estate professionals,,please visit my website and call for details. Thanks in advance
Heading to later for industry night!
Pretty jazzed for Glasslands tonight, no doubt you'll bring us an AMAZING set.
Wow. Is this quarter even playoff caliber?
RT : Boy shows Postal Museum volunteer a vintage first day cover & says "Isn't this the most beautiful stamp you've ever seen?"
the new video
cuz that's the way I roll lol “: I take my sweet time even though I'm running late -.- why?!”
u think ur funny don't ya?????
I'm riding round & I'm getting it, its mine I spend it!
Wow, 1 more add and we will break 19,000 fans! You guys are the greatest! Thank you! Brittney Sager
HUGE fly that won't leave, lord help me.
Congratulations! Well deserved!
I'm definitely stressing out over these freaking finals.
I'd stand up for myself now but back in high school I let folks say all sorts of terrible things to me. Bullying sucks.
Grr :p this sucks...like.so bad...;p maybe i shouldnt even go.
Day 2 of my gastric trouble showed little improvement, but I am hopeful for today.
Rosario, Bejarano, Talamo: Hey, Dorothy you're not in Kansas anymore. Just keep hustling and you'll beat them all. GL at OT.
I'm watching A&E's #Heavy and eating Blast O'Butter microwave popcorn - is that wrong?
working with morons!
everyone on twitter is saying it. I guess their producer tweeted about it?
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Working on some really awesome changes to the way users can set their availability. More flexible, simpler, and quicker :).
Waking up out of hunger <<<<<<
Looks super cute! Shoot, I should've come by today.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Lou's ass is still better than yours.
can I go? Lol c:
Derrick Bell: "It is painful for many of us, but it is time to acknowledge that racial integration as the primary vehicle for...(cont)
“: The Everything Cookie is decadent. Perfect mix of salt and sweet with potato chips and popcorn. Heated too.”
did u text ur friend? I texted her but she didn't respond
My favorite was the Austin Mahone shirts, and posters that i got in my basket(:
you're kidding right?
Hope everyone's having a great day in the sun! (:
I get random Manfredi followers. Do any of you get 'same last name' followers?
Orioles are out, we're hearing in Baltimore..any updates we appreciate. Thanks!
Hi Chigusa!!! I did not recieve your messages :( you can just type your twitter name with mine from Saki's twitter :)
No its okay. It's not I want to talk to you.
I STILL NEED A FAMILY TO CRASH FOR EASTER!!!!!!!! GA lol
I should probably get my Civil Law book out of my gym locker....
Guys and gals one more place to network in a clean enviroment www.spiritflowtv.com
:) RT : great meeting , & at #dh2012 see more of u tonight at cocktail party!
Catch David Way, Reign Supreme, Vitamin D, Wizdum, Blunt Crew, Prince God, n Manny Duke at Beer Co 2nite! $3 shots! Ugly Sweater Contest!
ontinue to be the bane of our new tech world! I too know prior art was GC at Dataquick for almost 20 yrs but no one asked.
Yes I owned my SC 400 for 16 years b/f trading it in for my new IS 250 in October 2011!
Awe, shucks!
Ok everyone: make a point to hit pearl market this season. Today's opening had 51 amazing farmers & merchants. Great eats!
Keynote a #SACSCOC conf is Mark Taylor, www.taylorprograms.com.
I've found a liberal applications of star wipe and comic sans seems to convey an appropriate amount of business decorum.
i always wanted to see The Departed
You smoosh it?! It probably ate all the ants and stuff that were crawling around xD
jay was a homie of mine hes dead maan
well have fun in FL!! We'll have to do a class with next week when you're back in town.
How would I use Apex if I didn't have ICS on it?
I am going to laugh my ass off when the don't make the playoffs. Their fans talk so much shit for not winning the division.
Yes, but sarcasm? RT : If you need to type ;-) at the end of a sentence, you probably got the tone wrong and should rewrite it.
We couldn't hear you guys at all. D:
With the area you live in, just put some Santorum for President signs in your windows. I'm sure you'll get some fire.
Excited about -- Team INFLUX, who "help libraries design amazing user experiences"
See you are planning to pitch a big tent at #foxfield! Stop by one of the #REDD booths when you are there!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff JUMP UP AND ASK HER WHAT SHE BOUT TO DO AFTER U BUST
Seen a site Memphis 6.5 favorite.
Packing my lunch & making my own java!RT It’s more important than ever to conserve cash these days...how are you doing it?
Do you think the #Brewers will go thru all the bathrooms at Miller Park with me so I can help em out? 90% are configured wrong..
is anyone else irrationally annoyed by the twinkle twinkle little star Truvia commercial?
You're a shotgun - bang! whats up with that thang? I wanna know, how does it hang?
LA next week and Vegas 2 weeks later.
Without a doubt best halftime time show of all time. Madonna! Cee Lo! Nikki Manaj! MIA! So incredibly awesome.
In west philadelphia born and raised
I love being with
Tonight's MWC Championship game will be televised on NBC Sports Network at 4.
Is bed time for you oh should I text your girl why you looking at other girls notes on tweet
i followed
Lol don't hate
da bears RT Bryan Anger is highest punter picked since Todd Sauerbrun went 56th overall in 1995.
Seems like everybody had sox stuff on today. I was one of them (:
Hahah! Lexi just ran up to Ella and started blushing. You have done somthing to her, she loves you :)
RIGHTT? I'M DREADING IT.
#Makeup tip: applying a dab of peppermint extract on your lips will give you a sultry pout due to its ability to increase blood flow
wonders...Do you think the guy that invented the vibrator heard voices saying, "If you build it, they will come."?
and they're graduating! I don't think I can handle it
a big middle finger to NYC public transit for treating brooklyn like 3rd class citizens
Jon you mean?
Yes, I was, and great to see you there, too! Were you taking notes? You go, girl.
The tires are the things on ur car that contact w/ the road, the car is the thing on the road that takes u back to ur abode.
Ciao donna molta bella e brava!
I can take your girl..
Thanks girl, I miss you too!(:
We liked your bedroom portfolio and would like to talk about working together. All the Best! Larry & Michel
Something about that name Jesus it is the sweetest thing iknow.....
"Once we rid ourselves of traditional thinking we can get on with creating the future."
you got this babe :)
Oh my, ceviche out of a food truck...not sure it was a good idea...
Shooting some acoustic vids today with the ever-talented He's sexy behind the camera!
I just tried to vote, and it said: "You Had Already Voted For This Poll. Poll ID #7"
"Half Baked" Star Returns to Helium!
thanks again for Rollin through the event last night. I hope u had fun.
My ampeg svt 6 is finally repaired & ready 4 pick up. just n time 4 bass tracking tomorrow :) can't believe I blew up the whole motherboard
shout out to ur cousins lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
haha i suppose christine!
Why oh why every time I look like crap must the campus video shoot people insist on using me in their video?
RT The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.~ Buddha Truly right! Let's think before we utter the words
This meeting could be the lamest I've ever attended!
1st day of spring break. Laundry & very small amt of housecleaning today. Marathon of Midsomer Murders tonight. Now time to read.
Sarah who? CPAC? Call it what YOU will. I call it a trainwreck. #Romney #Newt #Palin (caboose)
well I am
My mom >>> anyone elses mom :)) for real! Happy mothers day to the greatest woman in my life :D
"A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all." Michael LeBoeuf
i retweetedd it!! (: FOLLOW? <3 i love it so much. i watch it everyday hehhe :D
90% of rap is crap. Wayne is among that. And you hate me everyday so whats new?
Thanks for the mention!
Whoever just texted me saying "let's hook-up behind the trash cans"........NO!
Just saw Lil Wayne on a motorcycle.
“: Happy birthday, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” thanks girl!!
Good Morning. Everybody! You should have a Apricot for breakfast.
this new #fbupdate up a gift to psychos from the stalking god
"My goal is to reduce customer effort." - love it
in a week! Will you be close enough for me to grab you? (appropriately)
Thank you SO much! That'll be a huge help :) I'm lost when I get north of the city.
So little time, way too much homework to do
were are you from?.. U seem like you would be a Cali guy aha :)
Go Demons! Great game. : Final Score from McGrath Phillips Arena - #DePaul women 71 Marquette 59
Maybe you should rejoin your rhythm and blues band!
#ThatsWhatIWant a Smoothie
I would LOVE 2 drive that on our ST #hunts!!! lol ;) btw, where is my twittertutor?
I don't know that we do... Do we? We have committees on curriculum and policies
wow! my mom is telling me what her and my dads song is:/....
I don't do Kmart wall HANGERS or YARD #art! I make custom pieces for ppl's HOMES an LAWNS... BIG DIFFERENCE!
Go threw the remarks with a fine tooth comb and strengthen it. They showed you're blind spot in life so adjust your mirrors and keep driven.
nice win. Instead of playing invest your BR in other players. See if they can book u a win. Might have a better shot lol <3
Shout out to ! This girl knows how to support an artist! =)
i wanna be with my real man
Just finished my week on "Happy Endings." Pay attention, folks. This show's funny as hell. Keep watching ABC to see it!
So unfair to impugne skills of residential rate advisors without letting them defend themselves character assassination
Hell with being rich forever. I wanna be Rich in Christ forever.
En route to St. Maarten, ciao Miami!
gives Dewhurst the nod, snubs former Dallas mayor Leppert...But what weight does the endorsement carry?
In my dreams, you're alive, and you're crying.
I wonder how many of us really are living our life on purpose? I know I am Sometimes, not all the time. I would like to all the time.
I've never liked Fairy Odd Parents.
LMAO! RT : Right?! He's also yummy for a white boy. I'd hit it! :-p
THE HUMPTY DANCE. YES. This afternoon is going to be more productive than ever.
": Oh, so you're wasted? Please continue to type long texts with perfect grammar." People at my school.__. Hahah.
this is exciting stuff
But Bridgeport is the best! P.T. Barnum Museum, first Subway and all!
I just realize that no one on this corner has swagger like me!
google translate probably does a better job: <U+3061><U+3072><U+308D>
Also for a fullback his recovery speed is non-existant
Wow! - Placed my order Thurs night and it is already here! Speedy!!
If I learned anything from 's #tumblr, it's that there's a big dif between good & amazing photos. Amazing get shared, good do not.
How many think #LAUSD will surprise us with how they use the furlough money? The surprise can only be in level of outrageousness!
girl on a bike. Fringe theatre rehearsal followed by friends' gig on Frenchmen etc. Horns. dramatic back story. :p
I am insanely bored rite now :/
On Borrowed Time was fantastic!
now following <U+263A> <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083> back !
$42 spike in the $AAPL aftermarket, I can see the swarms racing to it.
more to come on this one because trying to see expense of flights and tix
Sorry I couldn't make it to the Ice Rays game. Did you check out your DVD's?? Are they working? C-Ya.
So... I think my brother is cuddling with his cute white boyfriend on the couch. AW
Who got a voxer hit me up
Unexpected night off!! And I get paid for it!! How awesome is that??!!
geez, blessed today. handed out food to homeless, a lil packing, a friends musical performance n sittin in on a jam session!
My math teacher is going loco....like always
eCommerce in an Inbound Marketing World Webinar Series
lol that tweet was great.. im following u too & that means that im following u too in english (?) lol
yeah! u should come with me, sara, ag, kayla and lily!
We did NOT close, name change to Camos Brothers Pizza, same owners, cooks & recipes you love!
Quantumsphere founder, Kevin Maloney talks to us about Nano Technology and the changes it can have on some of the products we use everyday.
its on valley view and twain.
I will see what I can do!
she's making my life a living hell!
what animal would I be?
You're welcome! I just wish would provide the Kindle format as well as the epub
It should be illegal to have to go to school on your birthday!
that show sucks now, THAT show should be cancelled, not all the shows that are being cancelled
country music is the best.
nigga get on skype right quick
People with no self awareness. Yeah you should definitely just back it up all over New York, I'm sure there's rarely anyone behind you.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore cuz the last time we had sex i fell asleep with u on top of me and had a dream i was being molested by a midget
Come join the High Life Movement ....
RT yes the cops have pretty violently purged a 2 block radius of civic center.
I think it's HF 247 or 249, one of the two. Not sure which.
I definitely got the better end of the deal.
Oh man. It's ridiculous how excited I am about THE PRISONER OF HEAVEN, the new Carols Ruiz Zafon book coming out.
YMCMB The Real Meaning Is: Ya'll Mad Cole Much Better
Holy fuck my leg hurts
"Damn, damn, damn, Jose." i think are the lyrics to it hahaha
I wish more people lived in sleepy!
Here we go Greece has had 2 ballots and people are frantically pulling 1billion$ out of their banks! It will affect our tax money & economy
just got your letter and am thrilled you are working to reduce. Congestion on Sepulveda. Thanks!
it freaks me out when identical twins look nothing alike
oh my gosh! How long will you be here?!?
Where else can you earn 9%-13% on your investment money? SECURE...practically RISK FREE! www. littleoldladybuyshouses.com
Complaining about the business model and justifying theft are two completely different things.
text me on your ipodd!
Just got back from two hours of dancing salsa, chacha, hustle & foxtrot
#Janeswalk – Next year in DC!
No more sex till marriage ! Or at least till I get in a bomb ass relationship
the entire world might have reached "her it age", the era in which it is okay to work in unison to make due.
no doubt about video sharing, just feel that is very different than video chatting. I think that image sharing is more dominant.
Or Asante Samuel? RT : adam, any chance the #FALCONS take a sniff at ?
Playing The Listening Room TONIGHT at 8 with the lovely and Brothers Osborne! Come on Nashville!!! :-)
Get a 99cent slice on M,T,W between 10-4! Get a med Speciality Pizza - $10 & try Sour cream/Chive wedge - $3.49 or Curly Fries - $2.89 M-S
ok balk is the wrong word but you did call her greedy. Shame on you.
i saw :o
You have my vote sir. And my axe. But mostly my vote.
go home old man. its past your old Oklahoma asses bedtime. you inverted Cougar (I meant perverted)
I think we know what it's about. RT : "Tartface Throwdown" needs to become a reality show. I don't even care what it's about.
Tomorrow is 4/20. A sad excuse for potheads to smoke weed. You're all gross in my book.
How do I add back Flickr to my list of Applications or Connected Services?
I JUST CURED 's BROKEN HEART!!!!!! <21 he should follow me for that ;))
Not enough time in the days anymore......
RIP KJ PECK!! <3 you where so strong for so longg, but now heavon has a new angel..
could u come up here?! That would be #amazing :)
Thanks! I think I will! I added that one just to remind me not to take the birthday too seriously.
I had so much fun in the parade at universal studios I got lots of beads and saw Big Time Rush :)
"Improv is like fine cheese, but not really."
no problem. We have to support the
Successful troll is successful. #TheGameOfClue loloool
Don't forget to get your tickets to the NM Bowl! www.newmexicobowl.com
RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and $50.00 gift card!!
Dear everybody, today is Day of Silence. Let's make it quit as hell everywhere! Sincerely, me<3
Drink a Boost, take a nap. This seems counterproductive.
Photo Retoucher Available :)
We are looking for the right vc venture funding / private investment group to partner Technology SoCal CA SF LA OC NYC NY Chicago Boston MA
anticipating packers comeback
Best miniseries lead actress: Kate Winslet for Mildred Pierce
Shout out to my good friend Shahrokh who is going through a very difficult day today by anyone's standards.
Jill Vialet is telling us how recess can improve education.
Developing a constant prayer life has everything to do with enjoying the company you're with....spend quality time with Christ!
get me that woman's #!
hi there, thx for following. my goodness, how did you get so many followers. i'm new and tryg to figr it all out. :)
aight bro. get up with me we are hoopin alot at the crib
Some how its addictive tho i want more... I dont understand my minds playin tricks on me
I am so
all pussy isn't good pussy just remember that before you cheat on someone and hurt them.
We are approx 90 minutes from downtown Chicago and 45 minutes from Gurnee. A great alternative to ORD!
I heart you...I've been talking about this all week.
See someone could say that to me at work and unfortunately be completely accurate...
no, don't think so because I gave it a third try .. lol headache!! J DDDAAA A AA .. is when my headache starts
bye myspace. it was great knowing you.
it just sounds so silly: Two sistas in Whitehaven started a brouhaha over the last blond wig piece.
thank you!!
Im confused someone said yea and another person saying no
I still have an upside-down 999 to look forward to
i love broken spreadsheets. mostly because that's how i make em.
Longmeadow's David Woods and an outstanding Steering Committee are working hard to create a new Pioneer Valley leadership program.
Saw this too... RT : Eight white vans with blinking blue lights and tinted windows just rolled up Michigan Ave.
I heard you confused me as Cardenas once *_* Don't get it twisted boy!
Have a beautiful day & night, Friend! <3
I wish my stomach would settle.
bout t go get the girlie(: gonna have a good night.!
I'm on my iiiiiiissssshhhhhhhh
no kidding! That's going to be an interesting game! I'm torn. Got Bucks winning it all but wouldn't mind seeing UC win!
Thanks for sharing our report!
lmao! Much the opposite of you! Congrats!!!
Can't believe milkshake city retweeted me! It actually made my day that a cow retweeted me ;) oh gosh, the things that excite me :)
Got run for a bit...Later!!
I should have my book done by September 1. Yeah! Now how to celebrate...
Man, another show where Belling is "en Fuego!!"
Danish proverb~ Since we cannot get what we like let us like what we can get.
I'll be tweeting for #libjobshadowFL next Tuesday. Gosh, what should I wear?
Shocking and sad to no longer have Whitney Houston with us...prayers for her family
Cold pizza for breakfast and god only know where I'll go from here #LivingLean lol
you'll be here soon :) see you tonight!
I miss you so much! And I'm coming home this Thursday!!
awesome portrait project! Think about submit them to and let the world see Roanoke!
good seeing MiBella Gyn in the house. Good people. Good business.
Finally got the second Hunger Games book(:
Up next poet Lynne Thompson reading "In my summer as a Weimaraner," the September 2011 POTM calendar feature.
If a healthy minded person takes an interest in science, he gets busy with his mathematics and haunts the laboratory. ~W.S. Franklin
U make 1 mistake when u r 17 and they never forgive u
Guess that's why they always land on their feet.
...so i couldnt charge my phone lol!!! what r u doin?
Dr. Waters talking about two completed trials: duodopa and neupro #pairup4pd nyc
word me too. Watching a movie lol I need sumn to do
Spam in my DMs <<<
Text me, I don't have your number anymore.
Haha hell yea thats why our shit can't die we ain't got no Tony Yayo's
it's all good, were bringing singleswag to the cabin ;D
Pulled a 13 pill for the 10 car for qualifying. Hope the track is good at the beginning!
Did I go all week wearing jeans to school? I'm about to be so proud of myself. Surely I wore sweats one day...
I love ur tweets:)
it was way too fun
Ima Heat fan and I live in Chicago. So go suck one bitch!
Watching this election programme thing on BBC, and everything is so American. Why has this happened?! BBC you used to be so british :(
Lol lots of ppl tell me I remind them of ppl xD! Is that a good thing?
umm ok there's 2 ways you can answer that question...You're either a mom or you have a mom to celebrate the day lol.
Wonderful opening for Museums: pARTners in Education at today! These 3rd graders give me hope for the world. They are the future!
Refrain from telling me what to do,say,or feel
Congrats to Joseph , this year's winner of the Vogue/CFDA Fashion Fund Award!! Well deserved! CC:
LEts go CGFIA
are you and working this summer?
of course they ain't crazy.
I was just thinking the same thing
Detroit News had this to say about DARK SHADOWS: "How bad is "Dark Shadows"? It makes you long for a "Twilight" movie. That's bad."
hope you have a great trip Sis! Will miss ya! Just got back from #santabarbaraearthday and took skippy for a stroll! Love ya!! Xo
Welcome to our new followers!
Oh lord now she's moved on to singing "we are young"....help us all.
Yeah, is going to be a good reunion.
Inception wasn't that complicated. You're just not that smart.
garyveeinbigd at gmail.com - THANKS!
Next Show: Saturday, July 23rd at The Seven Venue with twenty | one | pilots!
#raw10 I thought Paris Hilton was done partying n was going 2 help kids. Arrested n Vegas sniffin coke n drunk. Help w/ my child, Yea Right!
S/O 2 #MNF sexy ass I herd everything was big n Texas!! UM!
Kowba: I still believe that a midyear cut in the range of $30m is a tipping point
is my greatest source of entertainment on Twitter!
#thursday #breach <U+2600>
The quickest way to know a woman is to go shopping with her. -Marcelene Cox
I hate writing papers!
Time for church!!! Then the wrestling banquet. Then at home to play basketball and sleep!
When I hear people say there's nothing to do in Charlotte, I want to smack them and ask what the heck kind of freak stuff they're into.
We go that extra mile for all our customers, to ensure we excel in everything we do.. To find out more give me a call: 0844 880 2010
hi Ernie can u please take a few seconds and RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday it would mean a lot
What exactly does your service provide that is different from the rest?
They probably couldn't hear the words over the sound of my laughter. And the Sun Chips are my favorite part too!
Samsung expected to unveil Galaxy S I on May 3, Boy Genius says
So nice outside! Come on by a groove with us! Shearwater on the juke-a-box now.
merry Xmas
i make snowmen
Best week off ever. Great friends
Is anybody else getting up early to watch the Tony nominations?? Anybody? Nobody? Ok.
Hey, thanks for the RT. I feel the love!
i havent been on twitter for a day
Turkey :) you ?
wet chalk. wet streets.
I was confused
lemme hear some - "So Many Girls"
we are living together along with his mom!
i know... where do you think you get your amateur trolling skills from
I know, I'm so proud of him.<3
just some sort of boob wielding should work
Just have to get through dinner/cake/presents first. ;) But I'm SO tired!
let's go Bubba!!!
Guest kept dissing #msnbc & not answering the Qs, so she said, "you're in my house & you won't disrespect me". & shut him down.
Good! family and friends!
he's definitely better than that last nutsack we called our president
Thanks bebe!! Giving Buster some Hess love. “: mi casa!! Tequila and vodka on the fridge.”
Oh not directing :) just acting and producing hehe
my twitcon is wee[r]d <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> eyy look at the r's [:
did your group still meet about edcamp last week? If so, any ideas?
what's goody
#Saturdaynightlive One Direction <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
You made the right decision. RT : So tired need coffee or sleep. No time to sleep here I come
Thanks for the follow! Please check out and share our latest music video! ://tiny.cc/wy3dn
Ridiculous comedy own goal by SKC
Morality is doing what is right regardless of what you are told. Religion is doing what you are told regardless of what is right.
Obi eat a dick
nice to hear trav
Today’s African Proverb (5.16.12) The one who is too talkative leaves his mouth empty. (East Africa) Like Unlike
new Buster! The dummy is dead. Long live the dummy.
Just had confirmation woot
Any guesses? RT : What Pasco County company won Florida's Manufacturer of the Year in 2011?
BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant. I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf.
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
Is there anything better than sweaters with elbow patches?
I don't even know what that means RT sparhawk liquid urban tour?
tell me about it :(
Nothin like showing up at work 30 minutes early when you got 3 hours of sleep.. fml
Awesome, that sounds like you're doing something right for sure.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button
its 330 im up hoping for a tweet brotha !
Blazers are killin the Pacers. Oden is finally back and lookin pretty smooth for a Patrick Ewing look-a-like. I wanna c a birth certificate.
baby boy you stay on my mind, you fulfill my fantasies. i think about you all the time, i see you in my dreams.
Happy Chinese New Year wherever YOU are!!
yeah are you?!
some do it at 10 too.
Glad you like it! RT : Loving it so far! Looking forward to learning in this exciting new environment
sorry for ya...hum a song in your head
Can I have him!
You got it al wrong , im the pimp so go get my Money !
Looking fwd to checking out art project on Black male identity tomorrow. Right On Time!
#IfTheNBALockoutEndsTodayImGoingTo Boycott the NBA for having a lockout!
In Minneapolis where I'm from, and still shocked about the Tornado...So close to where I am... Driving through the city is crazy!
Mass Effect fans whine about ME3 endings,; as a result, Bioware will offer FREE extended endings. Fans still complain. Makes perfect sense.
SPEED BACK TO LA CHRIS, NEED THOSE VIDEOS. No, just kidding be safe. :')
ready to tackle morning crossfit kauai style with baby Faith
I will be back in New York on Friday to meet up with and another client . The $$$$$ is calling me ring ring
Netflix to Issue Earnings Report, First Since Consumer Backlash Over Its Spin-Off Plan
red beans and rice for lunch. Thinking about
REQUEST THE NEW CLUB SMASH *DRINK AWAY THE PAIN* FT ME AND *860*674*9307*
ha nice
it is awesome. I go at least once a month. Maybe I will see you out there in the near future.
If yu follow me i always follow back ! .
Crap! How did I forget about beer!! :) cdns love our beer!
Tomorrow, we wrap our first "location." Saturday we set-dress for our next "location." About a third done shooting. Unbelievable.
I think I remember seeing something up on Social Text about BSG
Agreed. RT : I think the 90 day vote count down on confirmations is a great idea.
both performances were awesome tonight, PP! Keep being you man!
Thanks - appreciate it! RT : More #FF love
Happy NewYear to you, Pam.
golden rule - never tell no matter how many years! just a mess!!!
I apologize to everyone who received bad emails from me. I was hacked. The problem seems under control now.
If you’re participating in the Let’s Move! flash dance, check out our resource toolkit and instructional video: nabef.org/letsmove
just keep posting in Spanish. Bilingual = sounding smart. Possibly even being smart.
Just consumed the juice of two lemons.
*raises hand*
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Ignore the armed robberies & dead bodies around campus. Instead, focus on how green our new buildings are going to be!
Ur girl is in the studio & i aint leaving until i finish something!
U live till u die ...... KeyWord: LIVE
Very cold tonight into tomorrow - wind chill values staying around or below zero! I'll have details coming up on 10TV News at 6!
Now you talkin', brother!
first time here,
Really? No timeout there?
can we get a sneak peek?!?!
#nowplaying. #sxsw Felice Bros! Vaccines, Off!, Smith Westerns b4 , headin back 4 Kills n Tv on Radio. AgesandAges best 2day so far
we have to take it 1 step at a time with this TV production so for now the 1st step would be getting you a audition for work
Maybe it's just me, but I don't trust comparison charts provided by one of those being compared.
Extra innings in Japan! Already pulled the all-nighter... why not keep it going? #mariners #a's
OMG RT : TOM THIS IS THE MOMENT
I am too young to be serious and too old to act childish. Such a dilemma!
says war sucks when you loose someone fabulous..
Sure. Let me chat here a bit.
I've spent 60 dollars today :I
Overheard someone today attempt to troubleshoot a "scanner not found" error with "try scanning a different piece of paper"
Barnett has been on the show at least three times. I heard they are talking to Marquardt too but hes being difficult.
who kissed me?
Global Media Monitoring Project 24% of the people interviewed, heard, seen, or read about in mainstream broadcast & print news were female.
It's snowing!!!
did u get it?
Aww thanks hun! Yes I'm fine, just crazy with school & stuff. Graduation is just around the corner so getting ready to be old lol
sounds like you had a lot of fun. Glad it was only 20 mins to kill. Thanks to you and corey for all you do!
Feeling guilty, I have not indexed in a few days...
Doing well - enjoying my new role! How about yourself? :)
20 pages tonight and 20 pages in the morning.
Thinking about I so heart this man! <U+E32D><U+E32C>
Lets change the last word in a movie or show to penis. lets see how many funny ones we can get..."Dude where's my penis"
Boobs are proof that men can focus on 2 things at once
my burfday is on saturday can u give me a shout out :) !!!!
Had a minor heart attack when I reached into my pocket and my wallet wasn't there. Then I remembered it was in a different pocket.
When they say, "You never forget your first love," they mean it.</3
Mental illness.
it's going to rain tonight… at least it is here in the the American Midwest… and we're done with it...
a really sad new club
It's a lovely day for an ice cold pint! I'll be working at downtown today from 3-9! Come visit!!
The new #Fiat commercial is awesome! #Charliesheen played it so well! Makes me want to buy an #Abarth!
and sing in the amphitheater?
RIP Patrice O'Neal
If only the Andrews Sisters were around to give a Labor Day boost.
Who wins the Notre Dame - Xavier game? The Pope.
Nice work !
I can certainly do that, just let me know when!
#superdad at it again....come home cook dinner, homework, & now showertime.
Best show.
thanks! Yes yes, bring friends!
hey!! Of course I did! Lol
A computer program will always do what you tell it to, and seldom what you want it to.
mine too! #canwegetsomedrivers?
Thanks for following.
Another "Sweepstakes" place going up. I don't understand why we are fighting over gay marriage, but say it is okay to gamble.
Loving this incense.
#car2go is at Liberty Station today by Luna Grill & Postal Annex til 3pm. Come register for FREE & win up to 60 FREE driving mins!
Watching #bigbangtheory . Super funny.
It's a picture perfect evening and i'm staring down the sun.
Remember that article about someone kidnapping ted thompson after the 2009 draft? hehe, I'm loving this.
RT if you're Team God and you're going to church.
that's totally fine with me haha
The Food Channel is basically just porn for your stomach
I keep an EMERGENCY book in my car just in case. P.G. Wodehouse if all other reading fails me!
what's up
that one girl backstage interviewing people at The Voice looks a lot like Angelica Dipippa!
I just heard a hummingbird snoring cute
I have mini heart attacks when I can't find things asdfghjkl
I wanna see the Avengers because of the director alone
lol that's just hilarious Diaz
Blink...blink...allergy meds got me wide awake!
presented Intelen Social Game mechs and advanced data analytics on the Social #smartgrid to #OECD eco-innovation event in Copenhagen Denmark
What? One of them is black.
softball game tonight is going to be a great way to cap the weekend
that makes sense and I still don't see him hoing
she was still alive except her body was in pieces my dad had to hold her together it's a good thing she was drunk cause....
My life is perfect without you in it...
also read the walter kirn book -- wanted more from it but liked the big ideas. now...how to get walter kirn to read my book...
i want to go to the panthers game against bruins next month so bad!!
Out of wet food = CATastrophe
I'm just gonna say "Hey Mister Dyrdek, remember that one time you met me?" and hope that he responds <3
Dear baby Jesus, please keep me and my coworkers safe on the roads today.
allows scholars to represent (fuzzy) dates, places, and topics for texts in a super elegant fashion
Thank you! It was created by , our amazing motion graphics designer!
Wah I don't wanna be sick :( I have to work 7hours today too :(
nope....but ok :) oh, umm....did yhuu see at what time were they on sale??
you still here in the labs?
Completely agree, TE of the future.
my boyfriend laughed at me when Allie remembers Noah because I started to cry.
I'm not hearing this I'm not hearing this I'm not hearing this..
Alison Hart has a good trilogy out you might want to take a look at. It's the Gabriel series. First book is "Gabriel's Horses"
enjoying this beautiful spring! I bet you are too!
"He's so slutty he made my herpes tingle just walking past me." -overheard at a party it might've been me that said it.
“: West Coast, you’re only 24 hours away from #Smash!” Omg love.
I'm just on my shit!
RT : RT "Life is to short that's y I live it to the fullest ."
..watch the Mavs on TV and follow the Rangers on the rangersfanzone.com - we have a scoreboard and game tracker
"Humility is a virtue;Timidity is an Illness"-- Jim Rohn, Time to raise your voice and be Heard* I vote for America! Land of Opportunity**
Been a while since I've been on twitter on the computer... Thanks to everyone for bumping me over 200! (at 221 presently)
A protective boyfriend. >>>
Happy Mother's Day to all the MILFS out there. ***snickers***Moms I Like to Fuck Day.
aramis rameirez...your my bentancourt this year...u suck
Finally, the Clinton ad wasn't out of bounds in my opinion. But what was the Obama campaign supposed to say? "She's right"?
Chris Taylor is the new representative for the 48th Assembly District, winning with 31 percent of the vote.
I may have gotten my first pay check as an artist. Stub says "visiting artist"
Short, consistent writing sessions can give you small mastery experiences that lead to accomplishment of those big, scary goals.
And ya, we do - serves a "purpose". And back to Rothbard . . .
Inkscape is a fun app. Wish I would have messed around with it sooner.
I'm watching a Madonna's interview witch she says; Lady Gaga copied me.You?
Sleep deprivation is a heckuva drug.
"All men have something to hide. The brighter the picture, the darker the negative." - From Batman the Animated Series.
Whoops. I forgot granola is caffeinated and over snacked.
joejonas Check out my buddy on #FoodRevolution on ABC tonight at 8pm!!
I slept on my hair lastnight.
Okay ;D
J. Brickman from LIU...great model for small small pg's-take care of it, defend, get your squad into a set, make ft's
Worst played softball game I have ever been a part of.
feeling good feelings
RT- I think you're fuckin' hilarious - Let me guess your white?
what did i miss?? moroccan scrambled eggs??
Is there anything more wonderfully perverse than O-Shen? Hawaiian Reggae Hip-Hop. It's like a one-man mash-up.
Devin Smith with the TD catch. No worries about him turning into Bam Childress. Because, you know, he already has done stuff in real games.
you're late...
what you watching?
If Derrick got a new car, I'm cussing him out.
very interesting article. I wish tasha would share this with everyone...
Horse-racing industry still reeling from shock of losing Slots at Racetracks program
The retirement calculator says I will be 143 when I have enough money to retire, and I actually contribute a large portion of my income
LOL baking babies Im sure thats illegal LOL; honestly when we married than Ill expect a male heir exactly 9months later
Please follow me(; 6
you can miscount all the beers you drank, back where i come from
guess what?!(:
good to see you too Brian. Good luck at Allstar!
Ah, the bright side - read hour's worth of Ulysses earlier & now started on The Magicians. Plus laundry. Yea!
WHAT?! I didn't know that. It's almost like is finally a REAL boy!!
Could do without Manny Parra in my life
Woah is a Yankee now?
MAY I BE FRANK TRAILER (EXTENDED VERSION): via
nothing much just wakeing up gunna maybe go to the gym today
You have always been sexy, regardless of the suit. You're intimidating!
oh lol where do you live?
Intense game tonight!! Lets destroy the Coyotes and make them shiver in their boots...or skates, shall I say.
woo hoo ... look at you, you writer, you.
I need a girlfriend like neve Campbell;)
S/0 to Clevelands newest and most upcoming
Damn you work.. Ruining all my days
What a huge win for our team - Myles was a beast and we had a ton of players step up! A total TEAM win! Saturday vs. Harding!
Boy... There are the People... Coming into Milwaukee.. for this Brewers Game today
Getting pumped for tomorrow's panel w/ !
MT : Hey nerds,... the podcast on the history of radio in new york is especially worth your time
Up up away
Thanks for the Twins & Down Syndrome tweet! I have twin daughters one w/ #DS and joined the yahoo group. Helpful resources!
yeah, that's my best interpretation.
Hehe thank you! :) & I miss it as well & we definitely should and good to hear! I'm fine, thank you xo
Why did I sit through 'Green Lantern'?
Go home.
haha that's more of something for you not me lol
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." (Vincent Van Gogh)
Haha! I thought 16 was when the not sleeping at night started back up again
Man I remember warm nights watch little rascals as a kid
oh hell yes. Death Hospital!
The (new) mother's lament: Rebecca Asher interview: Clever, self-deprecating, straight-talking, Blunt is rarest ..
If you are wanting to create a job for yourself, consider writing a proposal. Employers love them
I'm starting the year off right no time for games this year!
We're outraged by the Trayvon Martin murder, but what about the young black children killed by other blacks every day? Asst Sheriff McCurdy
RT : I think maybe I'll try to get my next meet-and-greet sponsored by Purell.
I got a parrot for a pet!
"Keep in mind that I am artist and I am sensitive about by sh*t." Erykah Badu
Watching people's choice awards yay Ellen
Osweiler -No significance to wearing #6, never been a single digit before. Didn't realize it was Curler's number until after I took it.
at the NINES Editorial board meeting at UVA, about to start.
And to think, some said I'd never accomplish anything in my life.
at least in heaven I can skate
I love that you just used milquetoast
Hate when I'm lookin out the window and people think I'm lookin at them
Wow RT : "Watch who you invest your time in, some of the people your heart would die for, have plans on killing your spirit"
SUNY plan will include a focus on increasing solar energy.
your the one who said that you didn't want to talk because I'm with my friends ?!
Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed
yeah, got it back yesterday
#RNS, I GRADUATED FROM SCHOOL AND WENT TO COLLEGE BUT DIDN'T HAVE A DESTINATION IN MIND. I DIDN'T KNOW WTF I WANTED 2 DO AFTER HIGH SCHOOL
Aw yay! It was total luck I won. It was the first day at 7:30 am and the contest had been going on about 40 mins
Im not in henry county right now, ima be over there in a couple hours.
Here's to the Mahomies who knows why Skittles isn't just a candy<3
We've got tickets for the first 5 ppl that mention they saw this tweet!!!
Need to get a session going.
hey helpful folks. I have an Xmas tree that needs to be disposed of. How's the best way in #Seattle?
SoHo on lunch break...is there any better pizza on earth? Think not!
OMFG YES! I'd be like "We are gathered here today to bring together cindy and bull balls bobo in holy matrimony" OMFG.
Window A/C units at the office. It's a beautiful thing.
"So if you broke dog/ don't blame the economy/don't come with a hand out/ don't try to E.Honda me."
You all alone in these streets, cousin. RT : Rock u in ur face stab your brain with ur nosebone
Another fitness photoshoot coming up this weekend. Updates coming.... it's going to be a great time.
Maybe it is because the owns the Coyotes
I live in Florida, it's hot and I have a backyard with a pool... TIME TO GET A NEW GRILL!!!!
I teach a large lecture intro to comm theory course and am considering replacing the text with Wikipedia. Thoughts???
It's gonna be a long, long road from here until the 1st Tuesday in November. Buckle, up. Hope school is going well for you!
i missh you!
Hey so what is everyone up to?
When youre in a good mood all day then someone has to have an attitude and ruin it.
I was going to go to nature and commodities, but historians and climate change won me over!
My mood can go from loving life to ready to set someone on fire in .5 seconds
Really good showcase at The Actors Company tonight. Fantastic space. Great agent lineup. Not just some fly-by-night thing with newbs.
Fleury went to make the kick save and kicked right into Briere. Briere did not interfere with Fleury though.
On the way to SETC??? If so, good luck!!!
Really cool idea! I gotta play sometime :)
Due* your* RT “: When people recognize you in public do to you're success on the field >>>>”
whoa, what the what? o_O
The 76ers doe ..
El Tiburon is keeping me awake. No pares, SIGUE, SIGUE. CHOCOLATE!
Car in shop 'til 12/26, boo. Driving around in a better car 'til then, YAY!
There's a playground by the office where you can hear kids playing. It's raining today so they're not out. I miss the happy sounds.
Just wrapped my directorial debut. Love my amazing actors Apolla and Nick!
Okay I sure will!!
lol trickle treating
Good morning twitter boos! Be blessed n not stress
Very sweet RT "tQuery – an extension system for people to write plugins on top of three.js via "
Email me :D
lol wow. you demanding like that then i dont think i need to do it then
recently i was at mars start up event and it was 1/2 men 1/2 women. pretty fabulous.
Just ate , Las Vegas... waiting 2 c MI4
Thanks for the RTs!
I all ready called mine(:
Let me be another to add my congratulations on a great article. and thanks to TB12 and the rest of the Pats for this season.
Cuse. In. The. House.
Buried in work! I will emerge next week, LOL
Lol, that must be the beverages talking, idc, after President Obama serves his next 4 years, judge Judy needs to run. She'd have my vote
M. Curried goat. I fucking love Jamaican food.
Moving, finals, ending "relationship," ms walk, work and everything else I've been dealing with is finally catching up with me.
Tried leaving a comment on yr blog, don't know if it worked. Suggest mentioning TinEye (reverse img search) in Ebay feedback.
It was. I think it might have been a dream, which is also how many of the videos ended.
Tag team against Big Bird? Im down
Amy Winehouse is now in the Club of musicians who died at 27: Jim Morrisson, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Brian Jones, and Kurt Cobain.
in the studio
On instagram you looked cute, but today I saw you....lol.
has probably the best dietary habits ive ever seen ;*
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
I can take Arcade Fire a little more seriously without the BMX bikes riding around while they perform.
In my experience more Marijuanna arrests appear in court as required as opposed to DWI 's who Fail To Appear. #KC #POLICE Agent Potter RT
Everything is going great for me...can't complain with the beautiful state im in.......Florida!!!!!
M83 has great music.
Kind of slow out here today. Glad I could contribute to that.
Come join Alice Radio's Slacker & Steve to watch some B-Ball tomorrow night at Tavern Lowry for Brews 'n Brackets! From 5-7:00 PM on...
Good Night All! God Bless u all!
shocker. going negative on MKE. Again. Be a man - publish the email exchange and questions that promped the response.
okay. As long as I can sit by too!
The are playing like a well oiled machine. Love the team effort!
nothing just on skype
: We need to figure out the connective tissue necessary to link engagement and rigor
I have been told that Jesus can hear all of our prayers & thoughts, especially if we ask him to help us with our problems.
Is it true you are doing an underwear commercial for #SuperBowl? please say yes..
That's easy! StarNews is Steve Castaneda's fan club! Never bad articles about his team
what are you guys doing anyway?
Tired aint the word right now, I'm beyond all that. I'm running on afew hrs of sleep. Its all good though.
I wonder if rees tried to play the do you know who i am card. Not the way i wanted the qb settled hope the rest of the team learns from ths
To all the wonderful mothers out there happy mothers day and mine more to come
Good morning from Ft. Worth.. Rain and overcast but it's Friday so we have that working in our favor. Yesterday is gone so live for today.
two more finals tomorrow then i am done for a few weeks, THANK GOD!! Ready for this break
yeah right we played 3 times we won both at our home. And that game was bull shit. You guys had the refs every shove was a foul
When you see a deer you think Bambi, I see antlers up on the wall.
hey are you still online? :)
Dear twitter people I love you text me if you wish
#TwSIG Twitter is about being engaged. Need to be present. Real time questions. Find a way to structure responsiveness. Be personable.
great, so you'll have that annoying laugh again!
Thanks for the RT!
Awww thanks! You rock. : - )
can't wait to see the next season of Teen Wolf, I got so excited to see and the rest of the cast @ the VMAs last night.
Nuggets cant get content with this lead. Lakers can and will come back. Gotta play hard all the time
I'll try but it's hard.. I've lost contact with most :/
Annoyed @ NYT for calling it "taunting." Tackling someone and cutting their hair while they scream for help? That's assault.
Back by popular demand..45 min. Core and Ab only Wed. 7:00-7:45p.m. Crank up the music and crank up the core! Check us out.
Coffee round 2 has been ineffective at either keeping me warm, or waking me up... should be a fun dress reh.
SexTips "Great lovers don't memorize complicated techniques. They master the simple things that give women pleasure." - Lou Paget
Rick Santorum is descended from a race of cheeto-flavored telepathic aliens who commiserate often when poked.
#CoolThings u wont find in your house no more a house phone and VCR
we live 9hrs at, me IL, him KY. Going to see him Sunday then him spending a couple weeks with me. <3.
RT": Time to photoshop my life. Touch up the edges, adjust the tones. Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out."
#norespect for those that do what they are ashamed of
correction *******Going to love it lmfao
The sadness will never end
Mac-n-cheese + deep fryer = delicious. #chipshop on Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn.
Going to the mall with
ok so your bro got ya sympathy this morning!Had mine done when I was like 7! And your hot to boot! Oops inside voice.
I really just don't care youre too full of yourself for me anyways
haha yeah they are, like you! :)
why did I even f*** wit her.
I have one that lives in my closet :P
Our twitter account has been compromised. We are working with Twitter to resolve. Please do not click on any links that appear to be spam.
You will love it! I may try it with pumpkin oil next time in your honor!
I am proposing a #museumprofessional swap rather than a #houseswap - one month in Paris work for anyone?!?
I just pulled a rookie move with my phone ...cleaning up space i deleted my entire phone list
Rt of bulls going in
WTF there was a earthquake like 2 minutes ago?!
#momquotes - "so if, ____, ____, ____, and ___ jumped off a bridge you would too?"
Thanks to everyone for getting their dues in today. To the 7 of you that didn't, we are coming for you.
Jusst seen the worst thing I culd ever see
he wouldn't listen to him anyways
I over think EVERYTHING.
i wish i could surf...but then again knowing my luck, a shark would eat me...
"The Heat Is On" > The Miami Heat.
it seems and are working well together up front.
morning. Coffee is brewing.
New York bound!
at McDonald's, gonna get Some breakfast :)
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "It's the 4th Quarter, we still have time to WIN the Game of Life for the year"
I have to drink more water...
why not -_- I was invited lol
. trend 6- blurring of organizational roles. Lots of folks with lots of titles dealing with archives.
Let's all pray and make #RyanKennedy 's wish come true
Wayne Blackshear is rated the #1 SG by ESPN for the 2013 NBA Draft
Welcome everyone to this month’s #DesignBizChat. Topic today is Collaboration – Creating Opportunities for Your Biz
I fux with the weather tonight
It wouldn't surprise me if he ended up with the #Spurs who need a backup PG with the T.J. Ford retirement.
#Connecticut Gov Malloy signed a bill into law abolishing the death penalty, making it the 17th in the nation to abandon capital punishment.
Or maybe a cool speaking engagement
I hate seeing a really cute guy but being too scared to go up & talk to him . -_-
I'm going for a 50's movie star look. Confident, good looking, and talented.
I hate running on a track, because it's just running in circles, and getting yourself no where, and I'm like....FUCK BALLS.
The man himself,, same to you Baron!! RT : happy thanksgiving brotha!
ITS GAMEDAY!!! hosts FIU at 630pm at John Sessions Stadim! Happy Birthday to Head Coach Terry Alexander!
Happy Thanksgiving! We are so thankful for our BBA community and supporters. Thankful for people like YOU!
Now following!!!! FB
that's pretty cool.
I can't understand why you can't sleep, you're 20, menopause won't hit you for another 30 years! And holy shit I'm old!
Something nice to hear from one's developer. "I’m good with this if it helps #usability."
Can't wait for #Twins baseball @
Columbus Ohio!
We'll be open today between 12 noon and 5pm! That snow's melting fast!
#FengShui Tip: To move energy in any space add Lighting! Light up those dark corners, open those windows and feel your room come alive!
Bed, how I've missed you so.
Happy with my life right now!!!Gotta ae a couple changes tho than I be more happier!!!
*throws up* lol one thing about it though, when I had it it only needed regular oil. Now it needs high mileage oil
They are also yhe songs that I have to dance to... If only a little bit when i hear them played in public
I like your optimism that hubby would hand over the keys and let me drive!
is good [:
why is Happy birthday demi trending? WE JUST HAD A FREAKIN' EARTHQUAKE.
Still two more dates of open casting calls for Magnus Rex in Pittsburgh! Check out for the details.
FBI is concluding investigation and there is no continuing threat. Updated statement: bit.ly/yBkrEl
It's a The Soul Hole kinda of Monday. Stuff a little heart in your soul & enjoy some $2 Schlitz tallboys while doing so...
"Those who dance are thought to be crazy by those who don<U+FFFD>t hear the music"
No homo but wipe the blood from dudes chest. Dam
Oh yes. I love pretty books. I love them even more when the intellectual content is pretty too!
He also says, my skirt is too short. I informed him, there is no skirt. I think I broke his matrix.
<U+2665> this! thinking of you while i prepare to make our first house a home :) you made your seminary housing so homey!
Approved! Looking forward to it.
hum good to know!
Thanks for all the awesome tweets about #boots 2suits! We are so proud of this program ,,
where did you get that caramel macchiato? i want one now. LOL
no. Stop. Are you like pumpedd right now?!
Drew Brees def deserved best male athlete...he drove a decent Saints team to a superbowl win
'Why has the violence against women turned into this?'
What the hell is "sleep"? Pft.
If I dont talk to you today I make it a promise to myself not to talk to you when you decide to write back
it's ridiculous why didn't Jones catch it or tip it over or punch it anything other than pat it down in front of a striker?
not to mention serving underage folks & general frat boy atmo
Pinch Me! The Event returns. And there will be 2 Matron sightings. :-) I'm a lucky lady.
So yall need to stop hatin on TRUE fans who just riding for they team
Me & are Nathan's BMX tricksters. GET OUT OF OUR WAY BITCHES
I feel like im away from the people who care about me the most.
Anyone on medicines, especially blood thinners, should consult a physician before taking Resveratrol.
I'm just eating pancakes and drinking milk and enjoying the stars in the sky, though. Don't mind me.
I love waking up to surprises. A cock is not one of them.
...those bugle boy jeans you wearin'?
thinking about band gig tonight ... new set list ... new keyboard player ... hm!
have not been on twitter in a while. ha
What a mayor, rescued a woman trapped in a burning house
Thank you so much!
this has 2 b the best day ever
Will Canaan off to I believe he gotta do that Navy Stuff but that's it but what y'all suppose to be doing
Dumplings and fried rice! Also bread and peace tea.
Yes. So sorry green bay fans. Ha-Ha!
Are you doing a Mix 'n' Mash board? The deadline is this Friday and we can't wait to see what you have come up with!
Hmm, Chase Crawford has nice eyebrows. I mean he's nice to look at in general but I noticed his eyebrows in his interview on the Today Show.
9. Suggest the book 2 your reading group. Invite author to speak.
if you happen to get an answer to this question, please share the information! :)
if i have a regular site with wix can i simply connect the mobile url to a site i would create on your platform?
Idk anymore .. tired of not beingg true to me & who i am ..
CANT WAIT FOR ARIANAS ALBUM!!!! <33
Look, liberals. Mitt Romney creates a job just like George Zimmerman protects a neighborhood. Deal with it.
It was a hate crime she put the smash on my steak fries
Almost done with MBA admissions for Fall 2011; we sent another batch of decision letters out yesterday. One final set will go in two weeks.
CocoRosie, your thoughts?
yeah! I should be at 51 points!
Ha I'd rather do either than do push ups!
Sadly, no. They were filming the actors inside the arena while the electronic dino display was here. No stardom for me :D
Hi. I am a fan of the paranormal genre. I checked out your website. Is Emilys House good?
Finally got my new Droid incredible 2, not bad for a penny.
Thanks for the retweet Joe. Hope you're well.
Alex will be performing at the Theater for the New City (NYC) at the end of August 2011... More details to come soon...
oh Darius Rucker! I love his voice!
Would you rather be right or happy?
I find a black guy in a hoodie far less scary then a white guy in a turtle neck.
#3WordsOfAdvice Take A Hit
"I don't pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages." (Robert Bosch)
I am trembling in my knock off Nike trainers ;)
Extended: Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 9:00PM for Fairfield, Franklin and Licking Counties.
No you didn't! I better get back to work! #mediaho adventures
Wasup Lisa? How was ur Show? Hope it was a Success...
hahaha ur funny......its okay if u hacked them we all still love u!:)))<3
Woke up wit a headache. Not a good sign for my day!!!
#auction houses, #antiques shows how would you like to reach out to every major dealer in the country? Get in touch, we can help.
If I'm following you and your real down to earth and humble I will continue to! Don't think your body is the key to followers! #RespectIs#
i wasn't getting mad i just said that i didn't notice my caps
I'm participating in the SOME Candidates Forum. Stay tuned for video and photos.
And i always ride slow when im straddle-iin
Transcribing is hardly a joy, but was never less painful than my lengthy talk with CABIN visual FX designer David Anderson. Very excited.
is St. Anthony's no longer a Reebok school?
It's also cool when you look over and see someone who loves movies as much as you. we can recognize each others looks of anticipation
His son...": Is the Packers' Clay Matthews any relation to the Browns' Clay Matthews of yore? If so, I'm feeling old"
Stay in your lane!! Let the lawyers comment on legal matters!!! Professionals comment on areas in which they have expertise!!
Congratulations to our Tutor of the Month, Baron H!
I thought the same thing, but apparently Fox has other plans.
good to share in the wealth
I know, I did think it was really overcast until I smelled the smoke, keeping kids & dogs in ;-0, I just saw a hazard warning.
Mia Joy Candles loves Wendy Williams! Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle I sent you.
My sinuses and I are locked in a week-long battle---I think I'm winning; my eyes have stopped crying.
#art it is very easy to create your own world, just fall asleep
thank you for inspiring me to work on my novel "The Trouble With Harry Goodman" I'm dedicating this novel to you!
and has the chief of police and sheriff been notified there may be a decision?
STD= Stop The Drama. Thanks Jersey Shore.
If you're on the subway wearing a surgical mask, you shouldn't be on the subway at all. I'm paranoid as hell now after seeing Contagion
Checking in at 9000 feet. Ah-h-h-h...
*Life iS A GaMble Betta CheCk Ya PoiNt SpRead*
i am i am !! thaankss for visiting me today (:
Congratulations! See you tomorrow! RT : I just won a seat at a beer tasting with ! BEER!
Nah Im excused til tuesday/wednesday
Nice work team using Twitter to promote #FillTheBowl Awesome job! Faceoff Sat. at 7p.m. Tix $1! Support these
Now that is cool.
yes(: well I gotta go study for my math test tomorrow, tweet me sometime! night!
~yea for you, & being on tour together. Can't say the same for
WOO! Valencia. Unbelievable strike and bend from the outskirts of the box. 1-0. As it should be.
that's always wonderful. I'm here making Dreams a reality on set :)
Jersey Shore Bitchess!
suspicious package...bomb squad was on the scene
My dude.. 'Beautiful Death'.. was hella nice. You have any projects to check out!?
“ Most interesting will be Griffin's backup for 2012 Suggestions? Buy a vet? Bring back Rex? Keep Beck? Punch self in nuts?
lemme take a look at what's going on that weekend. I'll let you know what I've found out that day. Regardless, a day out's fine.
jus finished signing up 4 my fall classes. 5 classes yikes!!! 0_o
Only 5 min into "Happy Holidays in Pittsburgh" & I'm already tearing up. Gosh i love this city!!
are you in Mississippi yet?
I SHOULDN'T BE AWAKE .
If a plan requires pre authorization for any treatment Who makes your healthcare decisions? The Doc or Health Ins Co? www.theprofittrap.com
West Allis - police officer shot in leg. Second officer also injured
o yes I can't wait
this happens to me all the time with clothes. I can only imagine a whole room... gah.
spokesperson for amazon!
They are actually debating "discrimination in employment, housing and finance should be extended to gays, lesbians and bisexuals" here! WTF!
Didn't realize Derek Fisher got traded to Thunder: "The Lakers finally found a way to slow down OKC's fast break."
He a grown man.. if that fool wanna act an ass on the court let him shit lol!!
Once I find a bank that has a branch near my office and my house I am doing it. I have had enough with Bank of America's "service"
But where's ?
you got it my g...keep making that heat $alute.
lmfao woah woah woah . Your on your own with that ! ill throw some ones for you tho !
First dates for u is sending pics of ya hey
Call our main office at (408) 922-9431 to discuss our support in doing this-sounds like a great cause!
happy birthday to my bestfriend !!!!!!!! come home now!!!
the theme is rock & roll so I made a shirt and I'm using a tutu and I bought a bandana and spray painted it gold.
Did you check out the Bucket today? theentertainmentbucket.com
i just blacked out and hit my head on the computer desk ouch!!!
be there in a few:-)
Nice meeting you at that club in amsterdam!
In the case of a zombie Apocolpyse, I think the first people to die will be the foodies.
of course; they are well-resourced, more mobile, and they have more testosterone(sex drive) than women.
I'm not worried about anyone else, or thier fucking opinions.
Rumors are as fake as the person who spread them!
It just took 43 dollars to fill my tank up. Omg. Gas prices, Y U SO HIGH?!
your idea of going to LA isn't a bad idea.. Beaches, sun.. Can't go wrong there.
could be a deep-seated, "traditional" je ne sais quoi that people will nonetheless treat as axiomatic...
RT! ": My favorite bands, Coldplay, Fun, Foster The People, Neon Trees, And We The Kings C:"
Really don't feel like going to work today but I have to because I already gota miss Wednesday and Thursday!! This <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> sucks!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I feel like I look like a different person....
What 2 do?
I veto that last pin!!!
good morning. remember, don't just follow your dreams, chase them down!
I've been told the same goes for the Counting Crows.
Are the Carmel, IN community ready for our opening?! Continue to follow and fan EWC Carmel on FB for more info!
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it until the morning.
Truth: should come chill in Rochester. (:
Gorgeous sunrise for a jog..
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today! Gonna see Alan Jackson tonight!
not with his wife. I have the proof! He answered all my questions.A good man he is.
u were a pity fuck.
Nice to catch up with and last night post-event
are you picking the winners for the #lumia #900 tomorrow?
let's all have a shot of bourbon to celebrate the land of my birth
you were with the wrong guy.
goes without saying! ;)
Gordon Beckham is a hoss. That ball was smashed oppo
Hello there my friend Sumey how are you?
Ha! Great stuff B!
video shoot today at Athletic Republic Denver ! Stop in and we may use you as talent for the shoot!
my pleasure(:
everyone please follow my z-swaggin' dear sister > she is very talented, sweet, positive, & tries her best to tweet everyone
You there for the game?!
goodnight. up at 9 to get my hair donee :)
Our greatest leader is ourselves. We lead ourselves everywhere we go.
Are you sure! Courtney Cannon has a sweet ring. "COurtney Cannon and Ron Jeremy starring in...".
Buffet rule would only bring in peanuts. Debt reduction requires more painful tax hikes and cuts.
Jealousy kills yo... Ugh!
Dope!! Gave it a LIKE
One tends to get looked at cross when one excitedly screams out the word "zygote".
Went to drop off the flatscreen hope its good news
well I'm going out on a limb but last enjoyable game for me was Metal Gear 4, new gen games suck esp Xbox exclusives
Yesterday I did a green roof and living wall lunch presentation for the 7 Oaks Gardening Club. What a great way to add to my excitement
I like your tweets and messages. Please follow me back.
Dreams are for everyone, you just have to believe it <3
JUST WANTED TO SAY I LOVE YOUR HAIR ;) lol
#mubb beat your precious Bo. I know it is your job to try to protect everything about him, but you fail miserably
“It doesn’t really matter where you start out in life, it’s where you end up.” Dion C. Jordan
Until you understand the nature and pervasiveness of corruption in our government, I don't think you can really talk about politics today.
I admit I have a PhD in Animeology! Gilly is a
Drive slow, homie
I hate when people say Austin can't sing. He has feelings too, yakno? It hurts. It really does. Why can't everyone just support everyone?
How's everyone doing tonight?
RT : One of our managers is walking around in pick furry slippers. Another librarian chants, "Yay! Yay! Yay! Pink slippers!"...
lol thanks quanie...and I know you'll be watching :)
when people try and sext me I just reply "oh fuck yeah" al the time
At an assignment at a school in Hampden. My iPhone keeps picking up WiFi called "Rum Ham."
Moving out, Fuck!
Ancient Egyptians would remove the brain but save the heart during the mummification process! Learn more @ The Children's Museum of Indy.
It's so crazy how these amazing opportunities just come by when we least expect it... tomorrow is going to be an amazing day!!!!! :)
Fuck its gonna be a Long day
Me n' Steve gonna take the mountain bikes out for a spin hells yea
OMG DIV TOMO AFTER SCHOOL! ? OMG I JUST DID
That was quick: Google pulls “Official” Siri for Android app
Pah-lease. You both definitely read Gawker and that's not too far off :)
thanks for the mention! We will continue to provide content that you find of interest.
I will be moderating a discussion about the unicorn zombie demographic and how to serve it at #codcon12. Should be... lively?
Within 10 miles of Downtown Portland, Oregon Convevntion Center, Portland International Airport, and the Portland Rose Quarter.
“ make sure u also follow my magazine
was so emotional to see your show in The Stage. You voice, your new songs,all your performance just sounded AMAZING. Love U
It's so beautiful outside...FINALLY! I am daydreaming about sitting on 's patio with a Green Apple Mojito.... Ah.
Thanks for the RT. Happy Awareness Month!
It's Here!! The Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, booths 422/424l. Discounts on ALL floor displays. Need something custom made? We can help!
My wife is a sex object - every time I ask for sex, she objects.
follow me! :)
Didn't wanna eat dinner with the family. Solution: Walk to Taco Bell
looks like you like :)
KEEP PORTLAND WEIRD!!!!!!!!!
Door 64 Happy Hour is on Thursday, Sept 22 @ Six Lounge. See you there!
I wonder if Facebook misses me?
Hey sorry you're sick. This is why you don't pack away your juicy sweatsuits before winter's really over.
Relocation for the slow dumb and those who'll never get it
Just found a country version of We Love Like Vampires. That's rad.
you can get it free at your bank
Tony Perry: Sgt. Stein's remarks were "relatively tepid," given today's political climate.
It would only piss off Met fans even more though, wouldn't you say?
Her name is BRANDY if u didn't kno. Also get u a copy of #PutItDownOniTunes may8th get into it.
Goodnight, all!
AH! little baby ladybug walking on my boot! So precious...until she sprays poison.
Overheard: "I forgot latte was spelled with 2 t's. It's late."
That sounds like something a Japanese person would say to me.
If you're planning on joining us for Thanksgiving this year, please call ahead for reservations at 305.673.1312.
This world that we live in.
Too soon to listen to holiday music, unless of course you're mid-holiday campaign & need to hear jingle bells ;)
Thanks for the RT!!!
Sad but true.
always and forever.
hahahaha dnt act like it ain't never happen to u
C'mon Patriots!!... Let's do this!!!
RT : Philip... he's our drummer
But the Penguins are losers. Laurinaitis wins. Goodnight.
Have a great weekend my friends:)
Those people who say Amen after every scentence... <<<
About to drop a ton on you in DM. Just give me a few to get it all out.
lots of work this weekend.. hoping to head to see a movie though.. anything good out right now?
:) <33333 I know it makes me sad /:
hey! Good to see you on Twitter JDJ!
Help us spread the word, We're seeking sponsors for upcoming Season 2 of Atlanta Best entertainment show on !
The most interesting NBA playoff series outside the Spurs-Jazz would be......?
the other dude only had his neck snapped... This is a game changer. Nobody is safe and nothing stays dead.
not trusting anybody but myself from now on
you da best! As long as you don't care if I break them by "accident".
“: Students: you're almost done - finish strong. #BootsToClasses” what a considerate man<3 my favorite
#ideas2action with knewton stds can finish early-I. E. seat time is not the determining factor for mastery.
I dont want to take english honors next year but i will have a different teacher so hopefully it will be better than this year!
I love that.
UGH t-_-t
what? you've got something against vancouver?! ;)
R.I.P Dick Clark
I just returned the favor and gave you a k+ on !
Marriage: Betting half of your shit you'll love her forever.
Perfect timing. Switch over & I catch 2 goals in literally 5 min... Pretty awful defense on display here by United, though.
Unfollowed for: RT "How 'little blonde' girls came to be...equated with innocence and how dispels the stereotype"
I will pick up the T Shirts on my way to the lake. My tent at 0400. (that means 400)
Damm man you must have some real good people and reps looking out for you. Congrats, hope you break a leg...
Who has all tried our new menu? What are your favorites?
I wanna give a special shout out to the women who dont look NOTHING like their avi pic in person... Gas is too high for suprises...
As a fellow songstress, I must say that u are such an inspiration & I appreciate all the love u have to give! Lovely to meet u
Well, considering the complete disregard drivers have for the bike lane on Lawrence, I don't blame you.
I understand!
nice new profile pic!
Me and think you should run your butt to your neighbors house and get the tickets. we <3 you
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate hang on i have to tweet what im doing real quick
What's your favorite team/conference/league? We can do a customized game for ya!
I think both games will be #interesting. Since I know absolutely nothing about SF, I'll pick the
it like, i hate you. :)
I love to laugh, it's getting worse every year!
Thanks for the recognition! We hope it helps manage #foodallergy in schools
Successfully read the last 10 hrs of my TL without seeing any #Scandal spoilers. Wonder how long I can keep this up...
I have the strong urge to yell Penis very loudly among these scholarly people
RT TSA Travel Advice for Domesticated Turkeys: You're not exempt from freedom pats.
yeah....I need some flavor tho
He's so cute!! What is he? A poodle?
and STILL don't make as mych as I do at my one job lmao
#IWantToHave a girlfriend
Mariano, get well, and come back. In our prayers for a speedy recovery.
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Kentucky is just too good!
don't say that :) your beautiful to me
Apparently in Washington, DC you can't buy just one nip at the liquor store. You have to buy at least 6. How is that a safer option?
NF keep up the good work!
Little known fact. With complicated code, I use pencil and paper first. Probably write curly brackets more than any other person alive.
Why stress? All you need is a rope swing and a big ass pond. Tranquility
then realizing you don't have a chance with that girl <
I don't know what to wear. .
Thank you kindly for the RT, ! Sincerely, SJH
Hard work and dedication always pays off in the long run.
Check ur mail
May gray has started out with a bang... ugh.
Congrats finally!!
I'll be spending Mother's Day w/my beautiful daughter, poolside amazing female athletes
Finally were gettin buckets!!!!
Great workout tonight! Thanks Ana Maria Varela Bakas for referring Gus to us!
If y'all get a dumba** message from me it's SPAM smh.
dah.. seriously. if you know your account is sending messages to people, change your freakin password -__- tired of receiving and deleting.
What's yours?
Ugh. That was a very weepy moment, watching my video game mother die in my arms as I weep over her...
When people play games with you make sure you win
#RiseConference2012 is going to be incredible!! Hosted by June 22-23 // follow
How is #ToddKyle doing? and I have been asking around about him.
lol ok 20 questions so we can get to know each other a little better. sharing is caring!
believe me it happens in my dorm too...
I AM! hehe hi!
The funniest thing I heard today from a Female was. Watching Trey Songz in concert is like watching soft porn
I wish powered my in-car GPS. That would be a good #openxc project.
The tide by spill canvas. Listen. Now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
The theme song from "Mighty Mouse" cartoon RT : What's the best song to do a striptease to ?
ha, opens the door, i.e. chance. You never know, this does give him an opportunity.
And the vampires will stay away. : "I'm roasting garlic. My husbands gonna fall in love all over again!"
“All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
does it really work? What kind of info does it give back?
I was in a BSL-2 lab and they were looking for viruses in soil samples from farms in China. (tech. is supposed to be BSL-3)
Such a good night. :) one happy lady.
Yeah! me too :)
"I follow you on Twitter-- you're boring." Good advice from an awesome professor. Maybe I should return to the Twitter game.
Let me.see yo booty drop
I can't wait to see #RomaninMoscow topping the Billboard Charts next week!
can you please stop getting so dang attractive?! Ohh wait thats impossible!(;
my logie was named after the airport in boston, he was born 9/11/01 after the plane flew out of logan airport
Vying for 1st place are "Imma Let You Finish," "The More We Drink, The Better You Sound" & "Lush Wagon." All kick-butt #dckaraoke teams!
haha I'm too shy
Milwaukee Public Museum | Cleopatra: The Search for the Last Queen of Egypt, Opens October 14, 2011!
Happy Birthday!!! =)
How deep did go in #deepseachallenge ? A normal passenger jet plane flies around 38,000ft. Look down. THAT's how deep he went!
He who fears something gives it power over him
Good Morning #ROC!
You're welcome! :) Have a good day at school today, bro!
“: Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only one testicle.” it's tweets like this that make me think they're fake
I hope I get laid in my dreams again tonight.
yes let's meet up. HH is best. Email me for times/ days. See you soon!
dunno? Biscuits I guess...
lost to a team out of temple-headed home
"casting is 90%" True for Crazy Heart, true for Lilipip.
forget Brazil! Come to Oahu! We need some good country concerts out here :)
i need a few stocking stuffer ideas
after a long phone chat with one of my lovely friends from college, i realized how sad i am i won't see many of them for a very long time
Thanks so much! :)
audience asks if they were lip singing because of how amazing everyone sounds. But it is all live voices.
Wow, that's awesome! I really missed Zara since I moved to US from Belgium.
Schnucks run for beets and tomato paste for our intestines
Come on in for a free lighter/beer opener....
"Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth"
Just recorded audio clip in Ojibwe w. author Anton Treuer. We also have Spanish, French, Chinese, Russian, & Hmong resources.
Just a reminder that Brad Loomis and the Resonance, Levi Ware & Sean McGrath will be happening this friday!
I watched a the last half of the 3rd period of last nights hockey game but to be honest these playoffs have sucked and I'm hockeyed out.
Congrats on your 28 months! Thanks for coming and hope to see you soon! RT : At Oz Korean Bbq wit for our 28 months(:
What you been up to? #Follow back
Let's dropkick racism with a steel toed boot
: Kamloops should also have lost Maduisky as well #dangerousheadhit on Leier. At least #WHL got one right
Game night and the fans' energy is amazing! #Spurs and the Suns tonight at 8.
Yeah when y'all said that fog was setting in at 1AM, all we could do was laugh.
The ad campaign for those LED lit car headlights that everyone has now should be: "The new LED headlights. Fuck everyone else on the road"
erm bye guys and have fun tweeting :-) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Can this "Camp Summer Set@ be like a legit summer camp? I would pay so much to go there.
Sushi is my drug!!!
Nice LTE in today's Trib
Critical thinking leads to good judgement
You are the father!!!
LORD KNOWS I LOVE ME A PRETTY GIRL IN A PAIR OF PRETTY SICK SNEAKERS!! (NIKES)
do you think i should let this one go & if it happens again then confront him abt it?
<U+266A>I'm Gonna Miss The Time I Spent With You Cuz Nobody Can Take Your Place<U+266A>
We just had to dress my dad; it's like he's a little kid. Only the Jay family hah
The problem with antisocial behavior is ... is ... Get off my back, will ya?! I'm still thinking.
Stop tweet watching so I know its real grrrrrrr
It's goin down right now!! LBT takeover March Madness Edition @ Le Bon Temps Roule...GET IN THERE!!!
Aww happy birthday! Best wishes, xo.
You should luv God way more then you luv money
What does it mean If someone tells you you look "corn-fed"? is it time to go on a diet?
re. your #RDF document (or resource), you can also just add a foaf:primarytopic relation too. Anyway, I'll make an example
rock on! Your an inspiration to our troops....
not most direct, but a new model: dev-ing open source around #pubmedia, push out early+often, and working w/similar projs
every other tweet is about sex lol
I went from not understanding references on the Simpsons because they were too old to not understanding them because they're too new.
lol Ikr!Shawty said join us D just bought a new cd we gonna go 2 D house n do it cuz no1 there.Wanna join us?U better say ya!
Who wants to drink tonight
Thank you Andrew Scott, great review!
Taking Metro shuttle showed me a new way to get to 50 & the metro from campus, Old Lee Hwy.
Prolly da best cast I ever seen in a movie #ThinkLikeAMan was amazing My boi was crazy funny I encourage everyone to see it
RT : "You think you may not be heard. Speak anyway." - Maya Angelou
don't disrespect bdog! =O
I want tacos
Cooking for Thanksgiving? Need inspiration? Check out our great collection of cookbooks!
thanks! ;-) and yeah... mutliple languages are becoming so important!
i relly bored
How did I just get talked into seeing the Avengers?? Isn't it mom's day? (with two sons I guess I have to get used to this!!)
RT : The revolutionary artist is never afraid of being on the front lines of cultural and social resistance.
RT : "Improvements in the ed pipeline need to be realized by May '16 to produce 50% college attainment rate by May '20"
New #harpers mag today! And the cover story looks good. "ignorance of things past" by Lewis Lapham.
omg i am in love with . she is so sexxxxyyy.
you're welcome, Kim..!
Thank you both for breaking in the new bed and a super hot scene!
lol who you talking to?
Bay Area weather will be great all week, because its Beer Time!! $8.10 get you in for 3 hours of beer and food tasting. kgoradio.com/beer
And you forget me?...sheesh. :) xo
4 members have already completed EVA's Book in a Year challenge! Congrats! Several more have committed to finishing their book by May 31st!
Hey guys, thanks for the follow! We just saw your fundraising video on Good luck with the !
Will pass on the info Thx! RT : your friend might be interested in just attending & networking as well :-)
Lindsey did you do the marketing focus @ PSU? Have a friend thinking about starting $ looking for feedback about Mktg stuff.
How do u close running apps.
To learn how to identify a secure website go2 Federal Trade Commission at www.onguardonline.gov/tools/recognize-secure-site-using-ssl.aspx
hahah the only things i produce are chocolate mud slides
Just saw a great fan film. Thehuntforgollom.com
BNP on loneliness. Remember millions of people are also alone. So you arent alone. Except technically you kind of are alone. So very alone.
Special Memorial Day Prices!!!! Limited time only..... Interest free financing available....
UGH! Don't tell me you get it- ignore my project for a week then tell me a day before it's due it doesn't make sense!
Aw Lo...most of us love you!!!
Kansas State's Frank Martin talking to South Carolina! Love that guy
why are you speaking when no one asked you ?
Perfect way to start my Holiday Vaca! Signed with a new manager and booked a recurring role in a webseries! :D
Thanks so much, we have been working hard to make things easy to find. Awesome therapy materials offer coming very soon!
Thanks so much!
Having feelings = unproductive. Is there a Botox-like substance that can freeze them out during the end of the semester?
Def not going camping again. Fuck mountain lions, panthers or whatever that was
hahahha classic and i could tell by his accent he must be from boston. Love it. And dang 5'5"?
New project: Online music magazine called P.I.G. Pods. Companion to playlists at Spotify. Playlists open on 10/24/11. Follow
or, the pessimism is a RESULT of more women being in college. They are more aware of realities of economic sitch.
How bout dem Os
Yesterday I heard a 6 yr old boy say, "I'm still going to marry Kate, but I'm also going to spend a lot of time with my girlfriend, Jenny."
DVDs are now staying at ? I'm so confused. Give me what I had and I'll forget this mess.
ooh white sands is good
Life without music is like cookies with no milk. Just call me the pillsbury doughboy.
Used Volkswagen Golf GTI buyers' guide - MSN Cars UK
Laugh out loud RT : Charlie Sheen only bangs porn stars for the articles.
today's work: texts from last night, people of walmart, reddit, and fail blog. #goHardInThePaint and make money today like me :)
Who hit theirs the farthest?
I'm going to Im loving that title#WIFEY. Lol
urine luck
#pla12 book buzz w/Nancy Pearl starting momentarily! My tbr list is going to grow!
Same “: What. The. Fuck.”
It's about time #NBC should retire #SNL The jokes & scripts are L.A.M.E. seriously.
Appreciate the good fight. But didn't have the shots to take the lead or the win away from Cincy. Still rockin burnt orange pride till I die
Just when you think you're having the worst day ever, a student comes by the reference desk and offers you a lollipop.
20 Millimeters Under the Puddle
#nowplaying Phil Wickham. Happy Friday everyone!
I look like I've been crying my eyes out... But I've just been having sneezing attacks all day :|
they have a way of doing that, those wiley aliens!
Chabala...that sounds like a crusty roll,
did I see you on the.jumbotron???
if its not your fault, then whose fault is it, you are the one that started drama that was untrue..
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Check out the documentary, Catching Hell. Fascinating look at how/why groups (fans, the media) need to find someone to blame (scapegoat).
I'm not even taking you seriously anymore man. Lol hoe.
So is anyone else to stoked new songs? they're turnin out pretty fuckin rad if a do say so myself :D
I wonder what thinks about the performance of Mike Levy?
Thanks. Whole entire insight due to
oh whatever I'm sure she's not
Damn everyone is blowing out there knees....Smh
Check out 's new song "Patricachs" up at #1 on the post-hardcore charts!
Fill in the blank: I was ___ years old when I first visited the Statue of Liberty.
is the third position coaching? Thanks for having us out coach, looking forward to a great summer of HOOPS!
Remember the #children. April is #childabuse prevention month.
thats wat I like to hear :)
thanks so much ;)
iono I think you and goin at it rite now but all that will change when GET BACK #whohotterthanme : ) WHOO LOL
wow whateva i still luv her more (':
Water Bobbles are awesome! And shit that sucks. Though I'd go to BBY for a phone over the carriers.
Had fun singing 04/28 for the Baha'i Temple Centenary program. Love the beautiful auditorium & the backstage signatures!
Pike Grand Jury indicts 10
The 2012 TTU TCR #mayseminar is 3 weeks away. What happened to the last year?
thanks for the luv!
Nah, it's all good. Now if you made comparisons to cured meats or vegetables, THAT would be weird. And thanks!
How u kno tht u didn't have no communication wit mother nature lol just kiddin just hopin we get dis over wit
i like the cute polo player on my socks,etc but Ralph Lauren shirts are not as well made as say Brooks Brothers
Sometimes you have to be clear with people when getting a point across. For example, that butt lift looks stupid.
Thinking about heading over to 17th and Walnut
We r ready sound check done! Come out tonight and rock with us!!! Ciao we r at Limelight on NSt.Marys
lol your not the only one :p but yes you're a rock star too!
I'm confused
i so wasn't born yesterday...I wish I could always have my way...wave a magic wand and command the universe...that'll be the day! -porrazzo
My dad says to me: "Bi, straight, gay, doesn't matter to me...I'm BLACK, so... it don't matter to me." to my unofficial 'coming out'.
Wishing I was still bed!!
lol I gave it away...
Definitely gotta put in work at the gym next week, this crazy/hectic week was a FAIL
Straus's hands have come in over night. it wasnt long ago he was winning every fight on the takedown now hes a double threat.
fudge final exam for geometry tomorrow T_T
time to go put in work lets git it!
If you have to look it up, you don't have it ": Swag: the third most-viewed word in our free dictionary last month"
Traffic Ad Bar. The link to you is fine. I acknowledge, though, that it could be the nut behind the wheel.
It's Sunday & as usual I'm looking really presentable in public right now
Network connectivity has been restored, so we're back up, but still keeping an eye on things.
Strack & VT has Blue Sky soda.
Haha! Thank you for your support, that would be greatly appreciated! <3 I hope you're doing good! Xoxo
people have really creeping profile names and mine is not creepy its just wired lol
stop ur cute
Good Morning everyone. Please everyone help me get the word out about what I am doing for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital! :)
I love Publix(: they know me by name there<3
It's a tweet marathon tonight ladies and gents because finals are DONE.
My stomach is telling me Arby's is actually NOT good mood food. Just saying.
power of the daleks
Still wondering if anyone knows how to transfer OneNote folders to EverNote (or if it is even possible). . .
Who Going To Birthday Bash This Year?
is your house ok, hope the water doesn't flood your house.
Something in the air? RT Today's Giant Kite Flying Contest For Very Skinny People on Mt. Diablo has been cancelled.
watched Thor today, great movie. Sometimes you just have to go against what all the critics say. A must see for sure, stay till then end of
Woke up to Geeked to see the #LALakers get they Azz Handled by
is it 11:21 p.m. there?
Starting to research placement sites for my level IIA and IIB fieldworks! Nashville, Bethesda, Charlotte, Chicago, Atlanta, etc. etc. etc...
We love you too Geno <3
Has summer officially started in Los Angeles? What a hot one!!
I know right? Short but great meeting! Have fun in TN!
I love my friends. They're the greatest. Seriously. I love you guys!! <3
What class?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey tonight ur so hotning wit ur smile VINNY ur braces make u luk sohot I love u 2night REMIX oF HEY soulsister
our agreement better still happen!
You are invited to enter the 1980's Retro Candy Gift Box giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
just got done djin at Mai
RT : We C collaboration as gathering resources 2 make something great. Whole is greater than sum of all the parts
Well its a final. We're not supposed to take it out of class but...she won't mind and I'll get a really good grade so...;)
I like that title! But I'm too old to be a Miss. Ms???? Trust me....I can ROCK a budget and I can't WAIT to dig in!
About to do an interview with Jared from ! Waiting...
Hate. Yankees. So. Much.
Would def vote civil rights sites and Wright flight sites, but the Reccomendation criteria are a bit too much.
it's def not you - i agree! Everyone just poo-poo-ed g+. Maybe because Google is already so recognizable &... Boring then?
Nothing says, "the ankle is fine" like a triple-double.
Think about it. Why did we go to the Moon?
hahahahahaha! Actually, I am a TERRIBLE influence.
Just loaded twitterberry... Might as well do this whole hog. I don't use my blackberry up to its full potential anyways.
Travail Newark are ready for a great week ahead!
(bryan) Hanging out at #gnomedex today. Video gear is setup to shoot video of Ignite preso's this afternoon.
Last day of classes and I feel like awful.
Thanks so much, Delson, for the mention last week! Hope your week is off to a good start :)
some throwbacks man! Haha!
I want a yo-yo :/ .. Did they stop making those?
:/ did you take to him.
took the night off...posted up at kilroys getting ready for the big game
"That's some bad hat, Harry!"
Lol Lonely Life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><U+270C>
When you're seeing double, it's time to quit the spreadsheets. #Needabreak for
could go WR, RT, or DE. I love Chandler Jones, the kid could be a monster and would look great across from Sheard.
Lol ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
R U Down Wit Steriod Mafia Um Hell To The No All Natural
Big dreams, good music, and expensive taste >>>
yeah I'm putting them on instagram you can choose which one u want
now you speaking my language woman!
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 -7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT
It came out with line breaks on my end!
GO KINGS GO!
Tonight is alive with promise of a street fight. And there's money on the table, says your cheap shots won't be able to break bones.
!!! Yes Desi!! Congrats!! Lovin your success lady! Gives me HOPE~! And CONFIDENCE in my FUTURE!!
answer the question! Didn't you start prop D?
It's Mother's Day this Sunday. Give your mom the gift of action -- take a stand and help end the GOP's
Another beautiful day to be a farmer!
Tbh. When your single its fun to flirt and do whatever you want. When your taken you have to stay in your trust zone and loved them.
RT : Heard on our news this morning- bacon prices are dropping! Yes... #ilovebacon #newsicanuse >>> Good to know!!
#know12 Collapse of Motorola, Nokia, RIM in mobile devices. In short: mobile is a moving target. Can't be sure what's next.
On my lunch break I'm gonna try our new Chipotle Boneless Wings. I'll let all y'all know what I think of 'em soon. :)
lol, yes. i totally get that sexual frustration i just need that fat ass to pound on. lololololol.
that's a nice thing to say.
Watching my dad try to text and email with his blackberry is true entertainment
Ran into your blog- neat stuff. What do you make shoot vids with?
don't know what u mean :)
Mamas come first, true. How'd you get 10k?!
#HappyFriday! What's everyone up to this weekend?
I hope it is good. Lemme know.
Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin right....
Its animals in my closet
aww don't feel guilty! for some reason Apr/May is my busiest time of yr, also getting ready for a holiday, can't come soon enough!
bro i need sum help
Nice to see our professor, David Tomczyk, who guided us with Qustir and quoted in article on
the guy who wrote it beat his father to death with a hammer & spent time at Sheppard Pratt psychological treatment.
You have some coffee loving friends who visit us at SCC-GA? RT me! Let's keep'em in the loop!
We came to get fucked up.
Have too many choices for evening plans. This never happens.
please please please please please. When are you home?
I would never boycott the Bears. Forte deserves a contract but we as fans must understand the business aspect behind the
Is anybody out there???.
RT The wave warning is up on the screen again!!!! , I love you.<<get 'em chuck!!
Maybe You Could Call In Sick .
I may have been 14. But let's be clear, these were NOT GOOD. Poor grammar and everything.
The 4th rd pick the Browns traded was the one from Atlanta, not our own. Great, great move by Tom Heckert. We still have our top 4 picks.
guided by <U+0391><U+0392><U+03A1><U+0391>S<U+0391><U+039E>
happy birthday Noah! Love you :*
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
"if I held my ground would you ask me to change ?"
Really I'm thankful my Fam and I have a roof over our heads, and food. Sadly, even as broke as we are, we have it better than lots of others
me too dude.
It is not possible for me to consistently feel bad about where I am in my career and have it turn out well. Today, I invite in self love.
We are looking forward to your application! :)
We've got in the Pub today at 1pm. Tune into 88.9 to hear 'em live on-air.
hell yea
Nice! love those "random" moments. Reading his "5 Levels" book. Thx for referring it on your show.
um pretty sure you are so just get over it(:
Building a foundation of trust to begin with is something to establish early before they get to social media age.
as for spreading the terror around, it's their job to be there as much it is mine.
Grilled cheeseburgers, coleslaw & baked beans al fresco...Spring has sprung in my corner of Bklyn!
Getting my followers up before I clock out.
Oomf Should kick Rocks...
Asked us to create prgm that took risks...nearly everyone chose living history instead of exhibits
i regret deleting my ICONic Boyz blog :/
why do you say that :(
what about me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
No one hurt. It just happened. DPW and building inspectors are investigating, fire told me. Dispatch didn't know cause.
text me
#FF These self-sufficient folks are no #Julia's...
yes, my best friend randomly just stopped by my house. Did I ever mention how much I LOVE summer? :)
A girl who still puts up with all the shit her man puts her through and still decides to be with him. I respect those type of girls the most
Just listened to Thriller the whole way through for the first time in a decade or so. Jebus.
- It's only bad if he acted alone. If he was coerced by a certain man (Bud Selig, perhaps), it's a gold mine for him.
A #FF 2 insure safe travels & continued success to ur good friend
Don't worry about Arizona. Key number is O at 40. He has to be way higher now as incumbant to have any shot
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long..
Cant sleep
To Know The Bay, We Need Stories - Southern Maryland Online
Hope got commission for that work he just did for Peyton. Too often "ESPN Insiders" sound like player agents.
I SAID BOOM SNAP CLAP BUH BOOM SNAP CLAP SNAP
Wow! RT : More than 5100! RT : How many journalists left their job in the last 30 days? (cc: )
Oh that's easy - The Naked Gun and Lord of the Rings, thrown in a blender with professional basketball and the internet.
My Quote of the Day - "When I had nothing to lose, I had everything. When I stopped being who I am, I found myself.", Paulo Coelho
Looking forward to rocking out with you tonight Franke! Viper Alley is gonna be off the hook!
People got me mess up
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!107
Thanks #UCS training was great, just brought first UCS system online and Prod VM migrating from Dell r710 as I tweet.
I'm so bored.
Happy to share
I know, me too! #yay!
also the anciano gran reserva tempranillo. Vanilla, compote, little bit of leather. Take me now.
- just recently made a HUGE pot of pasta sauce from scratch. It's the real deal from an ex-gf's family recipe.
So when are you coming up? lol
Taking mom to brunch. Super excited to give her the new bag!
“: We been tweeting the whole 30 mins. . . Smh ” damn shame study nigga. This my last one.
haha you know im amazing :)
You know what day it is? Thursday: All Night Happy Hour & Karaoke Night in Bellevue! Best day of the week!
I understand. I ignore it because it doesn't matter "in real time". I miss the coherence of, how do you say... oh, yes... blogs?
#clearwire customer service sucks. Might be returning my equipment purchased.
I don't consider myself a jealous person by any means, but I have to admit polygamy would be a very tough thing for me to accept.
if cats are piled up is it still called a dog pile?
"Audition: Must dance in hippo costume; We would like someone w/prior hippo experience..." *Reminder, add 'experienced HIPPO' 2 resume
starting not to give a fkc
#Game7. Nothing else needs to be said.
good news Quizzo fans - next weeks prize is 2 tickets to the East Falls Chili Cook-Off event on Friday the 13th. Quizzo is Monday at 8:30
Mission complete! Humans won! Zombie stun timers increased to 12 minutes!
Enjoy homie! Don't lose ur hat this time RT : I love #Chicago - can't wait to smile & spin fun music tonight
"Thanks love!!: Happy birthday ! I hope you have an amazing day! love you <U+2665>"
Holding it down, on the block, all day, 365, BARS!
So one of the Roman Reloaded songs played at a gay bar last night.....you were right.
Thanks for the mention! chantigurl
Getting a little Fed up with some of my coworkers
Great game of hoops today.
MAN 2PAC IS NOT DEAD HE SOMEWHEREE HIDDEN AND IM STANDIN ON IT
Thank you!
Girls/Guys you know you betta watch out, cause guys/girls are only about THAT THING THAT THING THAT THING!
just irresponsible
Go pick up the Feb issue of ! It's got an incredible section about the Needle and our 50th Anniversary written by Knute Berger.
Traffic can often resemble a survival war...
lol. Tamra re: Gretchen doing Slade's laundry: "If you don't got a ring, you don't fold a thing."
Yhu Big In Here
Yes she does you just don't wanna admit it.. Shut your whore mouth. You're probably still a toothpick. <3
amazing #NHLplayoff hockey so far.
#BeautifulWeather Open today and tomorrow from 12-6pm. Bring family & friends, or come alone if you've had enough of them :) Cheers!
#Easter's on it's way & I'm hankering for deviled eggs. Good thing has a "flight" for me... smoked trout with caviar, anyone?
Happy Birthday Kristen Stewart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
idk either! it says platinum and senior practice is 7-9:30 according to the calander, but i thought 7:30 too.
So, part of my new job is reading/observing the ErrorLog.txt files which I'll be checking at different times each day.
A GG member's success with a small town newspaper. This is one tip I'm SURE you've never tried: www.gotgenealogy.memberlodge.com/tips
have an awesome time :)
Thanks we are super-happy too
um... i don't think thats the best substitue ;)
N using half the words that come out yo mouth wrong or plural nigga u ain't fooling no body lmao
Colts draft party at team headquarters have top pick jerseys ready to go but can't sell until after Luck is selected.
Who wudda guessed that & President Eisenhower were in the same chapter, if not on same page.
#affiliate #internet So What here are 4 simple steps to success online? 1.have a free offer 2.continuity 3.converting page 4.great backend
Settling in for Desert Island Press conversation up in the coffee shop. It's much quieter here this pm!
Life is like a hourglass. Eventually everything hits the bottom & we just have to wait for someone to come and turn it around.
I needs no help I can handle my own !
What is it about your God given inalienable rights that the government doesn't understand - they cannot be taken away without a fight!
": ": dnt gt nan lol its n mi phn" I know that video too wild, u already sexy as fuc"«lol wys
Natures Recipe Nature&#39;s Recipe Healthy Skin And Coat Vegetarian ...
lol you can't sports talk with me!!
Need an afternoon pick-me-up? Try this: Blend 1/2 banana, 5 Strawberries & Peaches, 1/2 cup greek yogurt & orange juice. <- Quick energy!
what inspires you in your designs?
If it wasn't for the strange rain, awesome.
movie Hangover II, 2011 Co:Warner Bros with all those trannies showing their penis to kids had that Asian man calling everyone niggas, hate?
I shudder to think what the inside was like.
Thanks to all that came out last night to a packed Cocktails. We are preparing for a BIG summer so get ready!!
It's rained half the day and I had to work. Now that I'm off, nobody wants to go fishing!
agreed! i miss you so much!
We (heart) Harvard and the whole team there. Thanks for all the support and the super-fast iron.
Here refreshed and ready for a great 2012.
why am i always hit on by the boys I never like?
On My Kids
oh wow maiden name? lol of course i remember. how are you?
My life is a comedy of errors. I'm constantly reminded of this.
I haven't tried the new OneNote, but the previous version wasn't as flexible, and even sharing between two PCs was a pain.
Hello, Mother, it is I, your daughter, seeking to confirm life on your end. Do you read me?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
FBI: we are constantly trying to educate you, the press. You converge on a story without knowing how hard it is to cover it.
NOW TELL ME ARE WE GOING TO JUST SIT BACK AND WATCH ... LETS DO SOMETHING TOGETHER, REGISTER.WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM !YES WILL DO IT
Just tried to get on wifi, saw FBI surveillance van 1 & 2 as networks. So discreet, guys
Man i went to work at 6am and they tried to make a nigga work to 6 pm no sir i got in 9 hours almost 10.
You know you enjoyed that lovely meal Dlee prepared for you. Don't be rude..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I wanna sleep, but my room is too hot )):
it's nasty here in ATL too. not freezing but rain for the next 3 days. Making some recipes this wknd 4 sure!
those unexpected texts from you are the ones i love the most !
Angus & Julia Stone - "Paper Aeroplane"
Wish FB allowed for anonymous flagging of statuses that appear friend in danger hurting self/others. +Trigger dialog/local resources to call
thanks for the follow. We need to talk. I have some big ideas for you to think about. Thoughts?
A LIVE show was just what Thursday needed ... spectacular! Great jump start 2the weekend!
Lol my brothers are funny
seriously, it's about time :) Great things to come with and !
Mom/daughter #tanning story is ridiculous, as summed up by Star Jones: "This women looks coo-coo-for-coco-puffs." I have to agree
NHL players grow playoff beards. Lebron grows a regular season beard and shaves in the playoffs.
Adele's music is fine, but let's be real: Patsy Cline did the whole maligned woman thing first and better.
It's a special K kind of morning :) What's your favorite #cereal?
I can live w that, u probably had to let the giants score just so it wasn't as bad.
Band practice tonight: -subway -setlist played 4-5 times -solo -brandon left -1 more time thru -little conversations -sweaty goodnight hugs
it was awesome meeting u 2nite, sorry my interview sucked!! Lol
“: I am now a notary. In case I forgot to post.” you can now perform weddings in Florida :-)
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe Parents smoking in front of their kids.
Drunk af !RT : How was everybody's cinco de mayo ...? I slept right on thru it
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm. -Colette
I just walked into a woman's fart. just a
Np' Outta My System
Happy New Year ODD BRODSKY peeps! <3
Thank you SO much Japan for being so incredible! Ill see you all again in a week but for now.... I'm goin goin back back to Cali Cali!!!!!
Speakers during public comment period at Greenfield SB meeting rip board members for being unattentive.
lmao he needa learn how to pronounce
So far I have found Thai baht to be the hardest $ conversion. My poor brain just can't divide by 35!
I love me some Sherek! :)
#lvima Too many wings? Book bootcamp tomorrow on www.campopoly.com
"Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision." Peter F. Drucker
": I can't wait to wife shop while watching the Victoria Secret fashion show tonight."make sure to sample first!
you should see whose living room the crane light is pointing into
You shouldn't have had that icee... You're going to be out of your mind
Maybe misery is what I need to keep my sanity.
avoiding my bookie because you guys couldnt cover!
4.2...a rumbler, no tumbler. Those are okay, like little cheap thrills, or tremors in the Force.
this is when paying my phone bill comes in handy MOM shit cant even talk to him my mood will be fucked up !
sure - but I'm spending maybe 1 second looking at this and the 3 day never catches my eye.
Happy Friday to you!!!
County fair with the girls and emily rice = perfect night
Lace top is adorable
Thoughts and prayers go out to M Durso's elbow. I suggest a little Shake Weight physical therapy.
y'all. It's NO FUN watching NCAA in Austin. They don't watch it right. So I skipped today and missed the duke downfall. :(
1/2 day at work today and then off to #CASSpring on Sunday. Interested to see if they can make conference rooms 30 below in a desert.
will you be at #sdcc? we're premiering our horror film's trailer, would love to see there
investigations hosted by yours truely
ha, probably a little of both :)
Are you coming to Milwaukee next week with ? (cc: )
miss you. jealous you have a half day.
I feel like all of my friends are annoyed by me.
Socratic seminars for me too. Some conversations blew my mind!
Fridge is fixed. I just hope all the food isn't spoiled!
Happy Birthday :)
#SHRM11 - in cab. Heading to aria
running on an hour of sleep.
Can't not say it. RIP MCA
what am I gonna do when you move away? *weeps into eggshell brooks bros driving mocs*
Great photos!
Thanks for your help!
Hooray! Hope you have a relaxing, happy day.
It ain't a game till behanan misses a dunk!!! Cards come back and win!!!! Im calling it now!!!!!
just in bed, on twitter listening to music and texting :) wbu
that would be great! keep us in mind.
When you 'accidentally' touch that hot person’s hand.
Small business-big business, academics/non-profit, Leadership Training can help you CAN learn how to be a leader. www.LeadershipRising.com
DUNNO WEN X
tried to win a meet and greet with you from This time I was 82, 92, but not 102! Hopes still up!
Every child you encounter is a divine appointment.
Either Way That Shit Hurt...& That Was Slick Gay
St. Patrick's Day specials on Thursday! Open late for the Red Wings game! Watch hoops with us on the big screen at lunch! See you tomorrow!
I just need to make sure I don't get pulled over by a cop between now and said hypothetical future good hair day! ;)
loved the way dougied and jerked u were amazing LOVED the sweatpants!
Okay seriously. LeBron and Wade has to score 75 total to win?
Man fucc these niggahs with a Passion...
Being a girl is fun... Being a girl who works for is a blast. Thanks for all the beauty swag,
i work at a day care in gburg
So good meeting you this weekend! Can you DM with the info for you consultant? Thanks! - Amanda
Except it's 3 today instead of 2
where are all these people who haven't got bubble fever though?
": I drink smart water. It has electrolytes. Im smart, huh.">>WasupWit u Girlie ?
I'll deliver your food no problem and be darn glad to do it too! for any ?'s :)
It's our 2 year birthday! See you tonite!
If you're in or around Hermosa Beach tonight, come see , his band and I play Cafe Boogaloo from 7pm on. Gonna be the jam.
yummy....send some my way...im starving but too lazy to get food. haha
San Diego County voted Tue to form a new advisory council addressing #humantrafficking & #childprostitution! Way to go, SD!
Really wish I could sit in on your lecture tonight! Sounds great.
It's great to be hanging out writing in the Gehry designed Stata Center at MIT, surrounded by awesome #drupal geeks & friends
Hi Erich: This is Mark, Lora's husband. I'm the guy who married Courtney + Jason. Proud DU Alum, adjunct professor and hockey fan
for a second I thought it was just my town that did that haha
I really should take the Rail Runner more often. The view of #NewMexico along the way is worth more than the ticket price.
iOS app for outdoing ur friends
Finally home after a long day at school. This week has gone too slow ..
It is awkward. They must really be able to compartmentalize.
At an appt for my son then off to work...i hate mondays.
I feel like I'm in one of those febreeze commercials when they stick you in a gross room. This room is disgusting.
But who is sitting in my truck right now , this Bitch
Worst alarm clock ever. 's Phish alarm clock.
Totally agree with the subway conductor this morning on the #G #train: "Happy #Friday everyone!"
Thanks alot Randy. O'Brein tranferring from Terps football team. This guy needs to go.
gingerbread cupcakes I'll ice with cream cheese for our website redesign meeting tomorry morn
Overhead from the high-schoolers sitting next to me in Starbucks: "OMG, can't believe she Pinterested that. Are you going to prom?"
please, post more tweetgrams. Cause there's no where to post short messages from your iPhone
You better be awake!
im so excited i feel like i might puke
doing better than I did though. I dropped out of college after about a week for circumstances outside my control
We are! Revived the SEA group in Nov. & are hosting in UVillage on Thur. Howard Mahran w/Deep Domain is talking lessons learned.
Facebook So Effin Weak.
heck yea! unfortunately i have to work all weekend so boo! haha
do it at Harvey's.
Dear Franklin park, I can't think of a better way to spend an afternoon in the park, sun in your face, al pastor taco in hand.
you and Jack were both phenomenal!
She DID take a journalism class in college. Since when did ITT Tech offer journalism?
Friend: Wait.. Whose Aust- Me: TIN MAHONE?! WHOSE AUSTIN MAHONE?! O_O Friend: No.. Whose Austin Butler o_O Me: OK! Just Checking! c:
That used to be my go to "Storm Center" live location. They'd bring out free coffee and donuts, cause they felt bad.
CEO of on #bbjpacesetters expert panel on hyper-growth: strategic hiring is critical
AT LAST Ray Dearth and Three of a KIND is Back and Rocking will let know when we are ready to hit the road .Recording a New C/D Very Soon
-- what's the point of this?
Back in the old stomping grounds eh?
Sorry Joey :)
I really don't know how I feel
Is your sister younger or older?
LINKEDIN, Y U NO LET ME CANCEL MY PREMIUM ACCOUNT?!
i just brunt the Shit out my thigh
i don't really think about it because none of it means anything for the season. we can sign brady and not make the playoffs
I just saw the digital short...omg. BEAST!!
gwyne once convinced me they wouldn't
I should have known you weren't worth my time.
The rangers
"David Robetson has much better control this year..."<<Noticed that yesterday...
you know sings careless whisper, right?
you'll have to take that up with Tina :) But if you become the mayor on foursquare we'll get you a free appetizer!
Those kind of losses are so heartbreaking...but hey, hung tight against the best record in the - and that's AMAZING!!
White snow makes colored eggs stand out! Happy Easter
School today <
Oh my God. If another imagine comes up on my timeline I'm going to.. I don't even know. Ugh.
The Patriots are going to get Reggie Wayne and he will be awesome here. Trust me, when have I ever been wrong about NE wide receivers?
We do too
Nerd to be more specific!! Lol! RT : lol I was thinking more of a girl haha
yeah. And maybe a few loaves if that's ok.
YES! Holly Hanna, theworkathomewoman.com, has agreed to be on my radio program THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW...stay tuned for exact date!
#adele is doing it really big tonight... Go head on girl...
#now the party don't start 'till I walk in...
Where my food trucks at?!? Anyone in Midtown today?
that's funnnyyyy cause you do
The mens restroom is not very crowded at 930 show
Thank you. Working it out.
I love libraries. Always have. The peaceful atmosphere, the satisfaction of finding the perfect book...
Lol I know
what the problem is sexy lady?? Having a shitty day? Can I help? Do u need a hug?
God Hope So!
Can get a shout out? TODAY is his b-day & he's a HUGE Cowboys fan!!
It's Friday and it's 4/20 ;)
Freedom is never free. Thank you to those who pay the price for us. We salute our nation’s military & their families this Independence Day!
Thank you. We're having a great time.
then maybe we can agree on zesty seafood Rangoon?
All the information you need can be given in
One of those weeks when even good news stresses me out.
three Christmas parties in one day!
wish i could be there!!!
Sam Please follow me(:
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence
#RunChat Q6) "I don't have any running gear"
Penalizing? Spend some money on making the info available. it wouls cost less and offer answers/help to those who need it.
“: Watching do his thing at #pndc today. It's like watching Mr. Miyagi with Daniel-an.Daniel-san. :-)” great analogy!!
Aflac commercial with rapping animals was obviously made by people who don't listen to rap
what was the order?
when I get home I promise to see u
No word yet from the #NHL offices on Giroux. I guess they are doing a best 2 out of 3 on the "Wheel of Suspensions" for Giggy.
Be grateful for everything. Just enjoy every moment for none of it will happen the same way again. Remember, even great things expire.
Here's a radical idea! Separation of Church and State!!!! I know it's crazy and unheard of-maybe I'll run for president!!
Bill missed it today. I'm so sad!
dear mother nature thank you for providing oil to fuel the R8!!! It's the best!
We'd like to announce that we are now managing ManCub featuring of www.mancub303.com
Mf'ers b playing wit me
So I'm pretty sure all this Facebook drama has given me a newfound faith in humanity. So extremely flattered by all this support. <U+E328>
Just enjoyed a delicious feta and spinach croissant from Capital coffee Yum!
B Jax to browns
Tryn ta be a better person watchin this world forever worsen
Glad you enjoyed the Louv & Charles interview in the American Journal of Play! Thx for the blog post.
Sandra Day O'Connor
It's so fun, innit? It's the perfect fill for the baseball hole in my heart. Only two more months until the crack of the bat.
thx for quick response. Will email to follow up. Just seems odd reminder not recognizing email/phone. Don't want to use alt email.
"I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better." - Plutarch
I'd blame it on Luke Perry.
I want an egg roll
Love you all and what you do but #nfb no follow back & #tl twitter limits 2K. Call me if you need soc mkting help
*grabs bat*
lol well that was a old good one
Cooking dinner and Watching tv..Hopefuly will feel better before tomorrw!
It shouldn't be! I was overruled to play in another location. It is so much fun and you should do it!
Catch at Nickleby's (1947 W. Market) in #Akron tomorrow night! #freedrink on me with Retweet of this!
now on twitter thanks brah! Bout to be blowin this shiz up!
The forecast is predicting rain showers all weekend! Soak up 5 days of sunshine in Mexico for just $199 - check our daily deal here:...
To be honest, it was Mother's Day that did it. And the book "Push," by Sapphire (made into the movie "Precious"). & me being pregnant.
yea yea yea. I'm good. I think it's cause I drink a lot of coke like around 1am. That's whh
Let it burn, Gotta let it burn.
But I ate them all in like two hours.... LOL
My little ass walking in 90mph winds just dosent work.
welcome to Twitter
Please please look up Ezekiel 37:1-10. Read the whole thing and see the power God has.
Are all of your friends engaged? Well we have just the drink for you. Come check out our Anti-Valentine's day specials here at Mocha Joe's!
After 9 days off in a row there are 15 hours left before I need to sit back behind the desk again and turn the crank. #todrinkorcry?
But not the right to sign in ASL eh Gary? RT : Everyone has a right to hear.
RT : Ares I-X has scrubbed for today due to bad weather.
I love my brother!
UPS guy just told me his entire truck is filled with the same package and he doesn't understand why
Watching Season Finale of #FaceOff ^.^
hired. you start today.
How about unbirthdays? ;)
Can u please follow us.. been a fan since Idol =D
I'm reading Stay Awake by Dan Chaon
Successful day at busch gardens! Great way to end this vacation :)
Thank you John for your service to this country! God blessyou!
when would you upload another video of 2 guys vs the world?
Sister, upon perusing my Twitter page: "Who *are* these people? Do you know them??"
No! I love McDonald's dollar fries!
Meh, even as bad as the Rockies are they'll represent in Camden Yards.
aww nahh what show is that? We are playing at Fitzgeralds in Houston on Jan 29
and i just got married
Stay hungry, stay foolish
They're pipes! They're all connected! RT : "I was in the pool. I was in the pool."
Swagger board in math class BETTER be there tomorrow.
Please do!
Signs class is less than captivating: doing the math to determine your prof is averaging 8 minutes per slide.
And here's Natalie in Casting Call for a Best Friend-really funny!
I think, what has this day brought me, and what have I given it? -Henry Moore
They need a AirForce1 2012 with some tall handsome black guy to play Obama .
i used to do that with yours also bc you always left them in there.
The gigi bitch I went to'dance camp with is on caso cerrado.
tell a friend to tell a friend to follow us!!!!!
"Draw Something" was probably the fastest popular and unpopular app ever.
Time to get ready for the holidays come get your "Mood" salon Gift certificates Now!
I think that coffee buzz has lasted me until today.... now I am tired... but I'm in a coffee shop... so it's ok :)
Getting the Awareness and Visibility to our small ministry for Abused Children
Writing Writing Writing my musicology paper on Strauss' Elektra and psychoanalysis. It's so interesting! I know you're jealous.
Surprised how little I miss having a house or car or really any of my other worldly possessions... but I do miss my dog. :(
5 states have already finished redistricting--includ. 2 biggest (Cal &TX). Yet Republicans in FL won't even produce maps for public hearings
At groovy meetup in Arlington, listening to talk about DSLs
I just wanna be home. This commute is gonna suck.
I want this time around to be different for once
Nice, congrats!
Haha didn't J.J. Watt cause Dalton some hell in last year's Rose Bowl? Rookies making great plays in this game
Am take my kids bike riding tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764> they love it
oh and a jackass
Sitting down to review tweets past and I long for a 'noise filter' for this media
i love to is this the real kelli pickler..?
SO excited for our anniversary dinner 2night at the #PumpRoom! Picked up our wedding cake at and it's FAB!
It just dawned on me-- Its been 20 years since I've had a Yoohoo
stay cool, stay in peace, and then I see codes are dancing. So beautiful!
beat the story last night.
thanks! :). Happy Friday Gingerzon!
I'm still pissed & depressed about shit. I guess I'm just numb to the pain from all the distractions. I wish I had the power to change shit
you in detroit?
everyone out there vote for jeff on cbs.com big brother.....vote for jeff....
Cain the MAN!
i'm awake!
As a Packer Fan , the only thing making me laugh today is listening to on ...both of them..
If you're trying to be on Broadway, is a college audition really the biggest moment of your life? Just a thought.
Great question: How do you find the origination of a hashtag on Twitter?
Then she cum on a cone
Thanks for the great line of communication in pressing our album. We will recommend you to everyone!!!
Today's (20)12 Days of Pizza contest. Who was the first union member elected president of the United States? Winner gets a $25 gift card!
Built on Flash, really this IS 2012.
Anyone have any suggestions of solid #trance or #techno artists? Stuff like is pretty much amazing
Awww I have to admit, you guys are super cute together.
How can one do research on something not even seen? I would not trust biased research.
Even tho I'm always on the go and never stop at this very moment after being out all day I'm #bored haha
kobe i still love you Hmu babe
Thanks! I agree!
lol fake sad face
The Quiet American, if you haven't.
I think ima try to go to sleep because ima b so tired in the morning lol i gotta get up at like 6 aclock
Just ate some 3-day-old #Mario's pizza so Twitter, its been real.
WMOH was full of interesting crowds last night for RING opening. Can't wait to see how decked out ppl will be for Walküre 2nite!
“:Tonight's Featured Brewer is Church Brew Works.We will be sampling Church Beer & have the Brewer from Church from 8-10.”
lol thank you
CONGRATS!! Welcome to the club!!
great meeting you on Cindy's loop!
Dear tooth fairy, please let heal from her wisdom tooth removal smoothly so she can next week! Xoxo her PIC
Never thought I'd be following fictional characters on twitter #JustSaying it's kinda weird
Then about 2 months later you broke my heart...
i need more followers
Let's Go #Caps. Not nervous 4 them b/c I believe... Watching the game in AdMo.
“: I won some on the mega millions last nite” #what did ya win $5 bucks....lol
no i always read ur tweet
Lets go CATS!! Bring home
haha if I can tear myself away from the tv that is a good possibility!
Have a super weekend!
bummer bro. Made me laugh though.
Already a member :) Just seeing who else is out there to connect with.
When the feelings aren't mutual. <<<
we have a blanket don't disturb others policy. that and our "two men enter, one man leaves" policy keep the place orderly.
have a great night!
Happy birthday ! love you .
I now u told me u want some I said no then u said its god
Top of the Block 2012 is on the books. Word is already on the street. Bigtime.
#RnBThrowBacks Ray J - One Wish
Confrontation w/LAPD? Could it be that a cop wanted something and the guy said no? maybe he hasn't done anything wrong??
you should at least follow me if you're going to follow these mindless internet entrepreneurs, or whatever
Back 2 work ....GOOD MORNING !!! And a GREAT WEEK !!!
Seeing nick jonas on broadway. orchestra seats boom.
Come and savor some Sangria tonight..we have $5 glasses of red or white your pick
Try double-hyphen, scowl, double-hyphen, curse, authoritative tap on hyphen key, choice curse, slam laptop closed, drink, bed.
DialogLLC: Names University of Tennessee’s Andrea Baer the 2010 Roger K. Summit Scholarship Winner at #SLA2010 ...
Beautiful ballpark in Pittsburgh; great fans too. Have fun!
THANK YOU to our panelists #MediaBreakfast this AM: cc:
We're using #LauraEvans. See you there!
drew you're
Dig RT But please, don't compare #occupywallstreet to the Arab Spring. Those kids fought and died for rights you were born with."
#FemTechNet Can't wait for Fall 2013 to see this open massively collaborative feminist technology course come to life! Gonna be a fun year.
Dear dude with purposefully off-center soul patch: no...seriously....no...
Jaywalking cops out again at Conn & K St NW - be cautious!
Today's wonder of SCIENCE: before surgery, they took my temperature with a small wand they touched to my forehead.
I never tweet anymore! I would delete this account but the crew follows me, so HECK NO! :)
RT : Ryan: reporting that Orioles P Tsuyoshi Wada will require season-ending Tommy John surgery.
This game is what I woke up to? -.-
lol i know. i was just messing too lol
Looking at course schedule for next Spring and considering textbook adoptions.
I SMELL ANOTHER UPSET!!! #marchmadness I LOVE MARCH CHAOS
Probably gonna buy my shirt, poster, and bracelets on Friday! (:
Here with My Bestie
That's what I'm saying! I definitely disagree :)
Blazers are fuckin' up right now. Dallas looks sharp as hell.
Roger Goodell just demoted Gregg Williams to the 9th Ward's Pop Warner league.
My beauty sleep was interrupted far too many times last night...I don't know if coffee can fix this.
Happy 11/1/11 everybody! Unless of couse, you end up dealing with us.
Lists are useful and important + add "Tao of Twitter" to reading list (both books - 2 books with same name)
Congratulations to the newly elected #NASPA leaders and board members! Two strong leaders from to represent!!
The Sky Under Sea <3
Dude it was straight up like 6 cars.
Looking for the funny in film form? Look no further than the MKE Film Festival, which opens today.
Exactly! Kind of a one-page hub to my online self. I just don't really know how to use it yet.
“: u were replaced.. With tupac hologram”. I'd rather it be a slash hologram. Or a giant vodka bottle...
Seeking an entry level Archivist to work evening hours for a newspaper in Chicago, IL!
Spaceballs has quite the fan following here at PEMCO. Have a great time watching it tonight!
Waiting for the McNuggets.
looks like you guys saw him just in time “: Singer Andy Williams has bladder cancer"
Damn, Spurs aren't doing so hot ad they get all the pieces back
Real life bro.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
Really liking Lucy Liu's character on "Southland."
Tonight's Padres telecast 'Coors Cold Hard Blast' was a Homer from Hudson. LAST NIGHT!
Been illustrating all day, my eyes are starting to tweak out, it's a good sign that I should go home.
If only blk folks will realize that President Bill Clinton was another President who was horrible for minorities the better.
i <3 #lola ! have lots of friends that are Filipino Very cool. I can probably bring a LOT of business to you!
Get the most money for your #books after your finals! Sell them to BookHolders! Open until 10pm during finals week.
Looking forward to connecting with therapists in the next couple of weeks about their summer work needs. It's closer than it seems!
And let the bachelorette festivities begin!! :)
We on the same page Boo“: omg I thought I was all alone too lls...good to know another soul is with me <U+E404><U+E00E><U+E420>”
sorry I though u were a boy
if it doesn't work, just type in "jayofthreep" into YouTube. The song is called "no days off."
they need to do a little clip of all your expressions the first few x you went out with all wives lol
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its intrinsic limits and obstacles.
you Go To Sleep Tahhahahha
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
Wow! Can't believe avon lost the pat mcafee challenge :/
Virtual Choir Water Night is quite beautiful. 3, 736 videos at once to make some choral music. Voicing a community
Hanging out with my sister and nephews(:
Jared Weaver was a beast!!!! The Yankees got the wrong brother
We saw you there! At with my new iphone
We have the best clients, hands down!
I have 4 little girls playing with my hair right now
ICONic Boyz should b back on abdc to win mayb next year
Best laugh on the internets.
Would love it! Can you send your recipe to ?
I like our horoscope today!
If he only knew!!! Got me going crazy. He just might be special.
<U+2640>People who lack the courage, will or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours<U+2640>
or do the song names get put on ur page? Or would I just have to tune in tonight & listen?
RT Paint wall behind sink/commode a contrasting color to help w/ bathroom independence.
Clearly NASCAR is on instead of the 5pm news. But switch over to ch 13/49 for the 8 o'clock news on PDXTV later. There will be a quiz.
B-b-b-Bennie and the jets (; <33
Thanks, Lea! Am going to engage in chat today, too.
Worst current rule in CBB: min. 25% scholie rule..it doesn't help anyone, just less kids on scholie now.. Pointless..
Me and kethia
thx did u like movie?
follow me maybe ???<3
a grueling day of jury duty makes me a sad girl
Eat something
Good one.
search your gmail for a confirmation email?
Hello I just launched me website check it out please give me some feed back Thanks www.kidshardwarekompany.com
ECERY JUSTIN BIEBER FAN GO ON FACEBOOK AND TELL DESTINY RAE SPAZ NOT TO HATE ON BIEBER, she posted a status saying she hates him n hes ugly
Went to a audition today it went pretty decent. Like always got some things to work on and improve.
I still feel bad though .. n oh today aaye(;
OK See you there
Thanks so much for following me you made my year!!!!
please tinychat again
I hate two-faced people wit a passionn.
rude skinny al
TOPLESS TOPLESS TOPLESS!! Why arent u in here with us have a few drinks?? Cum smoke some hookah and grab a dance from your favorite lady!
Intense discussion about our action plans in small groups ...
:o) thanks for the follow sexy!
Thanks for your help. He can reach me on 202-824-8213 any time today.
StatCounter finds 1366 x 768 to be most popular screen resolution for the first time
HA! We are bitches
Nope QT : Havent i been there every other weekend
"You were really classy falling face down outside of N's." Oh, you're pressed? Stay pressed.
Yeah, it's called a Fitbit. Tracks steps, miles, floors, calories burned... and attaches to a website to track food/sleep/etc.
I'll b here teaching tomorrow too and next week sometime!
National Mom&#39;s Nite Out at Montgomery Mall | Philadelphia Public ...
So um gotta go back to MAC cause the stupid man gon give me NW45 when I specifically said NC45, ugh. I should've paid attention
a big shout out to the ladies of who start their tour with tonight in Winnie, Tx ... kill it girls... love, dbd
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
yussh(; he is an epic-fail at
goodnight world, just finished eating panda express and now headed to sleep.
Good look on the follow im goin to follow you with my music twitter its i got you right now
Avatar looks awesome!
sorry, this is that one in a million case of two wrongs making a delicious right.
Happy Social Media Day!
Surely they will. You rock! cc:
patiently sitting here waiting for you to tweet me<21 I love you Peytonnnn
Thanks and for this great #SMPP conference call! Y'all rock.
Man is certainly stark mad; he cannot make a flea, yet he makes gods by the dozens.
can I get a RT for my birthday?! :-)
Ficellin in the rain is the most romantic way to start your week. Just landed #Metro Center!!
thank -> I'm following now.
Gift cards r available for purchase at Royal Ink! A tattoo is an awesome gift to give when u can't figure out what to get! (216) 673 - 1550
I disagree with the support for gay marriage. Where is your source? But I agree with you, it's a play to his base.
Farmboy legend Emo Manuel plays leads on Jack and Jill and The Rocker. Love that dude.
Escape from the doctor's office complete. Now it's time to figure out how far behind that left me.
I LOVE YOU RED!
Bout to get it popn in LA as Brooklyn will be in the area!!!! Getn live 2nit w/ !!!!
#Nerd me here i come ;)
the more people, the more sucessful. ;)
you dont feel good to??xD iam not going to school
The River Thames Queen&#39;s Diamond Jubilee Pageant | Broadly ...
Did you know that your $100 lifetime BFC membership will pay for itself in member discounts in less than a year? I love win-win scenarios!
Oh snap daughter... watch your language.. >_>
TAMAR IS STRAIGHT UP GOOFY!! I can't take her serious. Too many women in that family
I'm on my way. Be there shortly.
And...it's a six game day, with the possibility of one more. SOCA x 3, AAU x 3. Just add coffee.
Mos Wanted Crew is my favorite tbh
I can legally give cards to another deputized registrar to turn in to tax office. The tax office is the registrar of voter's office
I can give u 25 reasons why
#Cards are close to choosing an heir to Larussa according to
MY cat is driving me crazy.
Thoughts on the weeknd?
Kemba Walker can ball. He'll be a solid pro as well. Lots of grit mixed in with the flash of his game.
Really inspired me to look into technology for viable income streams. Thanks
looking like that OG baller with no armsleeves or tights last night.
lol im back in this bitch
is doing hair! Will post pics later!
"May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine." - Frank Sinatra
I need a real bitch I need a real bitch ass like Trina n ha brains is da business lol
my spirit is bruised but not broken.
I guess Daniel Day Herrera is shitty.
RT : Is it to early to go back to a regular pic cause my pic is Major! #FreePills<yeah its too early
Back at the theater tonight! Get you tickets for NEXT at www.here.org
Getting pumped for this Dance
Now you just need to live like a porn star also (:
Excited for our afternoon work outing! is heading to I better learn how to bet before noon...
Finishing up re-read of childhood classic Melendy series by Elizabeth Enright with SPIDERWEB FOR TWO.
#netflix is awesome on a #lazy Saturday morning.
I'm tired of Peter Frampton.
RICKEY IS TRACKING. Looking at faces, following basic commands. Wiggling toes, small smiles, making fists. GOD IS MERCIFUL
yeah it definitely does
Cuddle session on the floor
Also on a separate note ... After weeks of searching we found after prom dresses !!
-.- I'm a bitch? Fine. Its just my opinion! I just want to see her happy!! She fucking deserves it!!
thanks guys! Truly
Somewhere in the ghetto there's a baby daddy getting cus'd out or kicked out of his house...
Farmer's Market for some mutsu apples...brunch outdoors...
because it isn't discreet at all, you should wanna be tactful at all times.
miss u come to san Diego now!
Pectin lowers LDL ("bad") cholesterol. People who eat two apples per day may lower cholesterol by as much as 16 percent.
lol I bet!! When are you coming back stateside?
Coworker got laid off today... Super bummed! She was nice!
- need your expertise, new start-up, tried Skyping you off your site, email me to get the ball rolling
I feel so much better now
How can I get some music to you!! Ur gonna like this great artist from jersey city..
Yep! RT Awesome tweeting people!
ok, sorry I couldn't get you one last night. Let me know how she likes it!
got mine...she TOO fine...thank ya Lawd cause I woke up next to my Valentine! EVERYDAYS THE FOURTEENTH!
You always fuck up the plans. #damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I actually had a fun night!
My first official tweet! A day I know myself and all 6 of you following will never forget.
me ma..forget them..lol..follow me
l know you're having a crazy week. Thought they'd make you smile. :)
Getting on a page on SXSW mag
I'm really enjoying it so far. It's much easier for me to keep up with, than FB.
Versace Showdown: Nicki Minaj Delivers a Massive Attack Nicki Minaj and Blake Lively are on absolute opposite sides of the fashion spectr
The trunk or treat went amazing! Now time to attempt to wash all this glitter out of my hair... Hm...
At 6 basis points better than last week, the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage averaged 4.49 percent in Freddie Mac's
Thinking that Matt Cooke enjoys playing with Crosby. 3 goals in 2 games.
Congrats for book 3 which has hit the best seller. "U really trying to extend this lead. I am going to catch up. #Believe lol"
Happy President's Day. What are you doing to celebrate?
i'll live to live.
thanks for the follow
$2.50 Bud light pints all night!!!! Mention this tweet and get a FREE APPETIZER tonight (thurs 10/22) See ya soon!!!
John Carter prod budget: $250m. WW gross: $269m. No doubt bad numbers, but biggest flop? Really?
RT : “God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself. Because apart from him, there is no such thing.”
Today's NY Times crossword took me to the brink, but I brought myself back.
Tuesday Tasting tonight at - Chardonnay Challenge! Starts at 7:30 pm. $20 per person.
We ain't gotta get drunk to have fun.
I like it when jford gets real
yes! Loved that one. I want a Dee Brown Celtics jersey too. Man, I love throwbacks.
Thank god this week is over!
Archon on Sat was awesome. Sat in on several author panels. Angie Fox and M R Sellars are great panelists. 4 romanceinthebackseat.com
RT : These things always come in threes (celebrity deaths). These things always come in trees (masturbating squirrels).
“As the deal came to a close, Mark and Kevin sat outside and ate steaks and ice cream...
Never give s man your money, never give a woman your heart, and never give Satan your soul.~iQ
Congrats to & you are currently trending in DC! #Fosterly Hope your event is going well!
Happy Valentine's Day! "To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven." I wish you all a glimpse of heaven today!
Write the god damn stories you owe me
i guess it's that time of year again #onemoreyear!
Vampire life
Have yall seen the picture with andys room (toy story) and the shadow
Hazzah “: just won first prize in the design competition! Way to go brother!!”
The person afraid to fight always goes home with a black eye.
omg i remember when you guys only had like 56 followers. lol im so excited for this.
lol nothing we were playing :P
WOOORRDD!!!! :) I love my Cowboys!!
CHICKEN THREE WAYS – confit leg quarter, pan roasted breast, smoked wing: Carolina gold rice, buttered peas, mushroom pan
Doing S.S projectt.
Not in Miami boo I'll never work in Miami again.. Last night was a one time thang!! And I got blessed I love Broward niggas
Weirdly, the Tokidoki love makes my hand feel better. Thank you!
Getting some more Tuesday i wanna do something special for
it was pure coincidence. The fig inspires poetry.
My boyfriend's alarm ringtone= so gay. <3
I always bring my A game.
Haha! That's awesome!
Exuberance is a good stimulus towards action, but the inner light grows in silence and concentration
To say this penalty kill is important is an understatement. Pretty much everything at this point is.
I need all that but a new job first. Haha
Ravens take DT DeAngelo Tyson with seventh round pick. Should be a good backup for Terrance Cody with Brandon McKinney leaving for Colts.
Yo the heck is up with Brons mouthpiece though?!
Welcome to the black and gold! Can't wait to see you dominate! RT: We about to be people's worst nightmare
What a great day in #Madison #WI and #Omaha #NE! The temps outside are nice and the wind is perfect. Now if the sun would just come out.
this was meant from me.
If you're in need of a great videographer check out my cousin's work !!
Oh, I do love it! Probably too much! Ha!
great cover like always <3
your always just checking in lol :p
at least that means you still have WiFi!
clever huh? I thought so. lolol
YES! I love the cape!
"America! F*#@ Yeah" - my tastebuds during pumpkin pie. Thus ends my belated Thanksgiving dinner.
yea we will figure it out, ill ask him in the morning, he went to bed
What's goin on kid?
Finding new roommates, while much easier than finding a new home, is definitely not a super simple process. One just got away.
Key averages up from session lows. Declines seen of 0.7 or less in final hr of trading.
who cares if you clutch late when your cluth early
that's a great mission!
RT : Did you know Volunteer Fairfax was founded on May 6, 1974? We Just celebrated our 38th birthday!
Working 7hour shifts and only gettin 3hours of sleep
All I Want is to go see one direction in concert and meet the 5 boys who have became a big part of my life. Is that to much to ask!?
#backinthe90s was getting his balls licked in the Oval Office by
I filed for disability for my broken heart.
Looking for innovators, discoverers & entrepreneurs to join RBMasons I.D.E.A. Factory/Network & help solve the world's pressing problems.
Really enjoying learning #thesis. Every time I look up 4 o'clock again.
#jealous have fun, be safe, listen to lots of reggae... as responsibly as you can.
who has the ipad?
Tennis anyone? Cast members Chris Sullivan, Keith Nobbs featured in USTA Magazine this month, took in Sampras-Agassi at MSG Mon. night.
Got Done doin great video work in #TheCastle its self..
crazy game
SIDETRAIN, SCRATCH, DIGGER, 2HUNERD, Q pretty good crew
Super cute
We can help the indie artist make more $$ at the gig. We ARE merch!! Hit us. Been at it nearly 20 years. Peace!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 come on(: please?
lol! It happens!
Friday the 13th don't spill any salt
Just because you have the right to your opinion does not mean that your opinion is right
Yeah... Weddings! We love bachelorette parties!
Enjoyed Seth Rogen as Paul.
do not even start to mention the phrase "moving party"
No no further for your web-based Inventory Management System and for Inbound Package Tracking. Get your Demo scheduled today!
ok I feel it
that's when u hope for good craft services
nice job packers
you are always first, Matt.
#Springtraining is here!!! #MLB all day, everyday!
And being at the #Levine Tuesday really made me proud to be an alum of UNCC and
“: The pick up is official. Castle. Season 5. Cheers.” yes!!!!!!!
Yes! RT Their, there and they're people! Learn them!
Thanking the big man upstairs for waking me up another morning
Mitt's Twitter handle is
RT Essential read for anyone in #digitalpreservation MT How You Can Help Launch a Digital Preservation Q&A Si...
We're choosing a theme for our 2012 event and need your help. TEDxABQ. 2 words. Go!
Who thought it would be so hard to get responses to project inquiries when you're working with a 7 fig budget
you need friends in life. Ill be yo friend
thanks for RT - glad you liked it...
Have the BEST sister and am truly thankful for the relationship I enjoy with Love you sis!!
#HappySabbath my pretties... :) God bless.! Have a wonderful weekend.!
Great meeting with Kyle @ Lexington Legends!! Can’t wait for Prevent Child Abuse Night 4-13-2012- plan to join us!
Happy Mother's day to all the Mommies! And guys, remember, anything 'As Seen On TV' is not a great gift idea. Unless it's a 'forever lazy'.
I love to happydance RT : I am doing a #happydance .... It's not pretty I can tell you! But makes me feel good!
way to get quoted! :)
we had an intern do exactly this a few years back. pretty awesome.
has a very accurate opinion of my day to day activities
goin to sleep now #goodnight yall
Heading to the airport in the tomorrow...
Good Morning. Hope everyone had a great weekend. Happy Monday. Let's get back to this grind!
Well, I have an hour to kill and it's writing day!
Bed time
you just did!.(: lol what you up to?.(: omg i gotta tell you something!:o
I was just at Fridays : Kickback off camp creek
No it on fb
i guess you gotta be from the UK to order the personalized dvd :/
Throughout my days i dnt smile i just get upset
oh shit! Sounds more like a nightmare LOL!! I am supposed to be doing a show out there in #vail sometime over the summer
YAY! Happy almost Birthday!
yea im damn near naked its so hot. in this bitch want to lay up under me go home shit
You know she could pull the punch out and acted like you instead of you coming for the kill on this.
We would like to see your "sexting" skills this morning. Sext WFNX and your message to 22122... standard msg and data rates apply.
Grant Cohoe, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
After that last tweet, I #officially recognize I'm too old to use "kewl" Ugh.
your welcome :-)
THANKS. I know I am enjoying!
stop flirting with my sister u weirdo.
RTd from posterous them found you on Tw. I enjoyed the light paintings.
UK is going to take it all this year
gotta say amare came to play
i give her that D cause thats where i was born and raised in...
Great word today at Ebenezer. The power of servanthood was one of Dr.Kings major teachings as all of us can serve.
it turns out that we can't get involved with BMC's event at the dealership level. Has to go through corporate. Gala only. Sorry
someone said it was good for hair and I thought there was a different one for skin. Maybe I confused myself, lol.
Perfect day to be all cuddled up& watching movies!
Going out tonight? Always have safe and reliable transportation. We accept all major credit cards with no minimum payment!! 520-798-1111
Some girls done got did so wrong in the past that they're afraid of Love now.. Too afraid to fall cuz they feel they wont be caught again.
Headed out for First Friday? Stop by Gallery 924 to see Seeking Shelter & the Artsgarden for Decline by photographer M.W. LaFary.
I izzzz lil' chika'. Don't you worry about me! Omg I have EOCs! I'm so nervous.
Take me to the #FITCToronto already!
ain't my friend that trick fam
I'm tired of Chase sending me texts every morning to tell me I'm broke.
I missed the Kentucky/Kansas #nationalanthem, but based on my feed it was outstanding.
you're the only one that got it! Can't wait to finally see them together! :)
Haha I'm right there with ya
I get sick every weekend ... I gotta bundle up better!
Deja Vu! to see you again...#TheLorax premiere was a blast and the movie is fantastic-you gotta see it:)
We have selected children's shoes marked at 75% Off. Brands like UMI, Garvalin, and Naturino. Hurry they're going fast!
he was up and ready by the time we just woke up
I like sluts
i broke my thumb nail and it makes typing on my iphone 100% easier
AZIATIX performing on #MAMA. Eddie Shin <3
Wisdom is acknowledging the fact that you don't know EVERYTHING! (aspire 2 inspire b4 u expire: a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
that's *really* funny.
Heading to Latino Film Festival for "Cielo Abierto" doc about El Salvador civil war. Will be listening for some voseo.
i wish i could @ each one of you. YOU MADE THIS HAPPEN! YOU EARNED IT. you guys rock! THANK YOU !!
this game is ugly
Aw shucks! It was our pleasure. ^jom
love is just a game...
But was it large enough to fit?
man I wish I could do that, how about an air high five & a follow back? Thanks for following, I appreciate it!
I think I might take a shot or two to help me sleep
I the enormity of what I intend to do this summer is making me cranky.
It's just better suited to the comic book medium. Something cool can happen every issue. You don't have to build to a season finale.
What to get for her or do ? O.o
Two Hearted Ale + German translation + the Shins=pleasant Sunday evening.
maybe her new man will be able to afford a real one.
What's your fave photo of mine? Click share and share it with friends! Xo
Cabby K's another Red Wolf. 2 down. bases still loaded
On set...there is both hustle and bustle
that's a feeling of love?
Can get twitterific to work . This sucks
It still would've been better with an elephant
You didn't follow me back lol . .
She said some summer fun !
Just don't tell us we suck...lol.
yes, vinyl will be available soon. Thanks for the support!
#ronpaul = fiscal discipline
Hello Friday. It's good to see you.
I know! I wish I had texted you like I had thought about doing in the back of my mind, we coulda caught up!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU12
We're on a roll!
woo thanks!!
Make that 'loose' not 'floppy' so much.
Hudson news at 2000 penn in foggy bottom
that is exactly why I don't share food with anyone. *shudder*
Health is Wealth.So take proper care of your health specially skin.
you seriously have THE worst customer service imaginable at your Albuquerque, NM Coronado location!
i THOUGHT that was you! LOL
Watching a documentary about america. Bringing tears to my eyes
Me too! Really enjoying speaking about clinical innovation. End users often agents of change.
another long islander! “: Folks know me as a radio geek. Now I'm outing myself as a radio CHART geek, too. Read my interview w
hey follow me, tell Kobe to pass you the ball more
I know! walked out to get my mail and almost fell, twice. Glad that school is still closed tomorrow.
I'm just trying to stay as HOT you! Thanks for your support Geena!
#YouKnowImMad if I text you "K"
Watching Ridiculousness! Its the episode. ITS EPIC! XD
Happiest team in the tournament: Baylor. Colorado, Xavier & Leigh in its end of the bracket. By far the easiest road to the elite eight.
You are connected all right. To outdated ideas! Grow up. “: Want to stay connected?
it's up to you. :o
Big out
interesting. I feel their pain. Nebraska go about 4 inches on Saturday.
"I already knew the Thunder were gonna win." "How?" "The Thunder are a good team." --conversation between 10 yr old girls.
Monday, you're magnificent!
But I don't like the label stars. Useful engagement AND being out in the community.
& will minister at New Citadel of Hope Christian Church at 3201 Atlanta Industrial Parkway, Atlanta, GA 30331 tmrw at 7:30pm!
Thanks for following =)
thanks for coming through! hope you enjoyed it!
Oh you acting brand new Ms. Cammon
Today in history, a small town in Indiana was wired to run on all electricity.
A girl that knows her place never loses her position...
Ugh, I love!
lol your hash tag!
Last dam commercial,
seriously. Tm only bans if they don't have control/make $. Been gr8 if plyrs had fam or brands take over handle
competitive but always room for something good and fresh
Thanks for the mentions!
Getting my hair lopped off after work tomorrow. I cannot WAIT. Although I will miss putting my hair in Leia buns.
lunchbreak errands for coworkers. I believe that is my good deed for the day.
haha I'll help.. text me
can't wait for Monday night's investigation!
you are a theif! you stole my heart(:
Man on this bus is talking loudly on a cellphone about how someone "86ed him & filed a retraining order bc she was in fear" ...uh wow
I asked that ? earlier this week when a friend heard A "profound" speech that said the same stuff I tell her all the time
i am starving but don't know what the hell to eat
odds that Collins red will be overturned??
the city is not better off than it was 5 years ago, still have a raging drug problem, Crime, Blight, AIDS, jobs are leaving
Can it be winter already please :) lol
Bahahahahaaha ok ok good movie!
We really enjoyed your jam too John, thanks so much for joining us!
Im so nice & try to make everyone laugh & smile, but latley i been feeling kinda down =/
Thanks for the linking Any chance you take some behind-the-scenes photos? We could post them.
GREASE AUDITIONS TONIGHT! 6-9pm at St Joseph Medical Center Paterson NJ, INSIDE Giggles Theater on the 2nd fl of Seton Building .
His lawyer said that Zimmerman was "frustrated that he had even been charged at all." I cant TELL u how much this makes my brain explode.
omg where are you finding these topics?!?! They are making me laugh too hard!!! :D
will u help me get 100 followers plz
Watching Cupcake Wars and getting ready to bake some chicken. Then some choco cookies for later.
Somebody told me light skinned niggas wasn't in nomore... I said "what about yellow niggas bitch haha!!
Every little bit gets us closer to our goal! And sharing our site with others is also a huge help.
Welcome to twitter! Loved you on #NCIS and #WaitingForLefty you segway riding son of a gun!
Just Noticed that I Sleep just Fine when I'm in NY but Noo here in FL I can't sleep fer Shitttt !
Just can`t wait for the Doritos vending machine. Imagine the 60 lb bags of msg.
omw home from running like shit at the casino all night. How are you today sir?
I got stacks pops, don't worry
LIKE this status if you are ready for Spring --- it officially starts TODAY!
Happy to hear your coming to the islands next month. Making a stop here on Kauai?
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
i can't be the only one that thought the trailer was awesome...
: something new, not crabs or boh or "hon" or sports team logos.
Mantra of the Day: Always hustle harder.
Commission meeting is back in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
.........Time to work on my Music Pressed package-H-The- Movement
did you just thank yourself for a RT? I completely agree about engage, excite, and educate as goals of interaction
New York welcomes you back. ;0)
Can I get Patrick Cox's direct line Please.
to late
Meet 2012 Weightlifting Olympian Sarah Robles
and having $1m when you retire is like paying yourself a tax-free salary of $50k a year for 20 years in addition to your 401k.
AT&T service sucks, but I raise my glass to their commercial in the #Rockies game.
I haven't. These guys just sent me this prototype Friday. Any other suggestions?
I'm sorry you hurt yourself, but your post totally cracked me up. :D
<3 RT “: Cab driver's iPhone rings. The ID read 'My Love.'”
cba to cook dinner! Hate being female.
Hi Tara, Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
“: Getting ready to #RockChalk tonight! #NationalChampionship2012” <<< not yet don't jinx it. Gotta win tonight first
ugh so tired sigh i hate you mornings
The only downside of the cloud is losing your connection to the cloud
It's so damn cold in this classroom!
I'm about to go to bed early for once
MONEY IN DA BANK PRE-RELEASE PARTY
3-1, final match = darts. We got this.
Rob Krosley & Kate Haralson will be playing in Mocha's @ 7pm TONIGHT! Come and get 15% off Rob's favorite drink!
Huntsman: Teddy Roosevelt would support science-based public policy. Eisenhower built interstate system, infrastructure
when disnt get it
He day has finally come. Time to see in #theraven with !! Hope it's all we dreamed it would be!
I think may 5th is the last day I'll be here. When do you get home?
Just read about the game today. So proud of u guys See you tomo! GL
Saw your "Improving Patient Safety..." & "Clinical Trial Education...Simulation" & "What is an Oncology CNS..." abstracts
My mom just came home from work ^.^
we will soon, I love you guys <333
Wow she's suprozingly being nice to me...
go follow <3 its army<3333
Involed in Re-Search to develop a Vegan Mix@ high in fiber, using whole grains, legumes, seeds,and spices. For the Diet.
Adobe Story is AWESOME!!!
When I listen to the songs I love, with the volume the highest it can my heart beats out of my chest because of how much excitement I get.
When people wanna play " the staring game" at a get together thats when shit gets awkward , why not just say " wassup? " -_-
thanks! Great to see you!
Whenever you are having negative thoughts & low energy, take a breath & spend time revitalizing yourself & your whole outlook will improve!
i started at 6:45 and i just finished so yes :(
Dear ESPN: Aaron Boone can sit anywhere in Yankee Stadium he wants to, even 2 rows in front of Tebow. Back off.
But chase behind a broke nigga, complain about not having a job, and try to make everybody feel sad about ya but guess what
Thank you lovely <3 Happy easter to you too! Have a wonderful day xoxo.
Designers: Do you have online portfolios? Where do you keep them? Facebook? Pinterest?
Dancers are instruments, like a piano the choreographer plays. ~George Balanchine
Let me be clear, this economic meltdown is NOT our fault!!!!! If it wasn't for Bush, this never would have happened.
this girl on jeopardy is such a nerd...
love your Philly on the run blog post. Just moved here from NYC and struggling to find quick vegan friendly options!
#TGIF #TFB #TeamSwagger get with me I keep adding new Vegas VIP packages for ordinary people to turn into celebrity over night! Dm me, holla
I just love how is txting me on her day off.
Ur never running too late to brush ur teeth & wash ur face....NEVER
....i swear i thought i was going to read "hoes" after ridin' haha
Home in time to watch #Heat play :)
oh GURL freaky as hell LMFAO
No SOPA Mr. Senator!
Just heard some mixes from my soon to be released MixTape. does not play!!
I also disagree with the notion that unrefined whole grains, such as wheat, oats and rice are necessarily harmful
hey Lance, was seeing if you could join us on our show again Sunday May 20th? If so, shoot me a direct message! thanks!
i hope they remember this time =]. i would email him about but i don't want to bug them. And maybe if you get to him you could
Wow these girls are psycho!!;)
putting your whole info out there cause your a THUG <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
that is confusing and amazing (??)
Street in La Boca?
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
Okay guys. Good luck to everyone and hopefully this isn't the end!
I'm so not dwn w/ AZ, & I'm w/ my fav Warrior fan , So for now: LET'S GO WARRIORS! Until u meet my again!
yeah! Lol I put your email there and it changes it and says the MMS thing
Thanks for visiting The Lube! Come back again soon!
who are you talking aboutt? -__-
Very happy with the Pacers pick. They still have lots of $$ eager to see who they get next.
there'a no better feeling than saying the words, "I'm going to Penn State.". Just ask
79, HOT, muggy, and SUNNY over here in Mishawaka. What about your neck of the woods?
In the pool naked at 6pm. Little Black Dress Night starts at 8pm!!!
fuck dude you went so hard! Got damn!
Texas multiple mamas? If they wanted a hit show all they needed was this NJ twin mama ...
Tebow switched his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx, for NY. Naming a pet for a team that can cut or trade you, twice, is... naive at best.
Bring back Glass-Steagall.
if you feel bad you can give your bear a snuggle.....he will make you feel better because he made with so much love <3
and Denorfia. Who knew Yonder could run?
Just got done cookin Pork Chops, Rice, Mashed Potatoes w/ Gravy & Corn Bread..
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: A Johnston teen is still missing in the DSM River, an update on the deadly shooting of Iowa Realtor and severe wx!!
I tend to do the little things that go unnoticed
Smart and new-ish staffer Robin Moir already whipping some shape into our mulitple delivery systems.
you got that boy of yours working the back hand yet?
I saw Will Ferrell was trending so I watched #SNL . I will never trust a trending topic again. That guy hasn't been funny in....ever.
Is Jill on Coke! speed kills and I just think she ran all over us, I don't understand what she is saying
sometimes when laying down and typing my fingers slip and I drop my phone on my face.
Great screening of Last Call... Well received... Lots of laughs. beautiful town & theater,
Watching "Survivor: One World" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So glad to be here and not commuting from MKE anymore! RT this place rules
The girls & I saw The Hunger Games last night. I thought I was going to be lynched when I said that the movie was just OK.
I am my happiest, when I am with you <3
haha some rash
Lol mad cuz I'm Young Leek..ha!
Sing like no one's listening, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth.- Mark Twain
Watching the vow again <U+263A>
Nickelback wearing Crocs = worst picture in my head ever :(
What about Cousins
no not gone I've been busy starting up my daycare business.
Would you like to hold a Texas Hold em tournament? No problem...we can do it all.
it's only 30 bucks we should get a group to goo
Carpe Diem indeed! Way to tough it out Look forward to following your progress on your current Everest climb...
lol she has won enough over time
please go follow :)
poor wittle baby. I have exams to worry about. Done nothing but study all day. My brain is dead.
likewise, welcome to Twitter!
Every time I remember that John Krazinski is married I get do sad
Don't bother. I've sat for him twice...he's never been able to capture my true essence.
We have Special Lunch @ Mi Nidito, between 11:30 am to 3:30 pm. Enjoy Mexican cuisine! Check this out www.miniditoonline.com
Aurora Borealis is like real-life shield pulsation from Star Trek, saving us from high-energy particle damage!
#LarrySexTapeLeaked Nickelodeon wants this? Lolz they don't know what their getting into.
stop complaining. (thanks for tweeting)
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend.Have a blessed best #Easter ever! #Easterbunny weekend.
You could have danced all night!
I admire Bhutto for doing what she did as a woman in a Islamic country, but I disagreed with some of her politics.
A good cliche: listening to The Ventures, about to paddle out.
Lights out again! Let's play hide n seek in Keisel's beard!
text me or call me now i need to talk to u.
Leaving Davenport Iowa after 3 days of workshops. Enjoyed staying in Moline. A very cool downtown. Shoutout to Dead Poets Coffee House.
be careful what you wish for cuz you just might get it.
id make it to the one today but im at college for a bit...
Registered for DCLX! Can't wait.
I'm good. Sorry for my late reply. How was your flight? And how was your New Year's?
Agreed! Tom is probably pissed. haha
oh, & the money. I still gotta find the money for a ticket… awk. I don't think my babysitting this summer will pay for one lol.
thanks Brian. It's great to be enjoying my 4th year of double digits. And I think I saw some armpit hair yesterday ;)
#NF #welcome I cant wait to read your tweets & to all followers go follow him he'll follow back
Thinking cap's on.
Yes! Reading at the Tattered Cover May 24th. Thank you for the excellent recommendation-- that's great to know about.
I'm sleepy but can't sleep... Nothin new
hey jake!! hope you are well
Groovy, groovy...
tell me about it
