Hair Tip: For color/relaxed hair, alternate between Hydration Treatments and Protein Treatments
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!!
Do me a favor and stop following me. I want nothing to do with you or your immature tweets. Thanks.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!
This is 's sister, btw
haHa ha Ha (not telling)
- Let's Go Yanks!!
yeah okay...
KMSL. I love and watching
Love know what effect (if any) #OWS movement had in skewing the bottom line (tangible or otherwise). #BankTransferDay was no joke.
Here's To Everyone Thats Sleeping Alone Tonight .
Happy Monday Tweeters! Hope the weekend treated you well, stop in on the way home and do some Swirling!! YUM :-)
They may be firing Terrance & rosci soon... Shit I'll be a journalism graduate in a few months I'll take their job lol
I won't give up, on us. Even when the skies get rough, I'm giving you all my love. Still lookin up <3 -jason maraz
dry as an old pussy
We bow down to great #indie music but we also bow down to polka music.
Sorry, I missed the game, but definitely glad to see you are better and back in the lineup!
On the road again this afternoon. Anyone in the Bardstown area is welcome to come to tonight's meet n' greet at 112 Beechwold Place.
You can look for apartments here!
it always has been
R.I.P #amywinehouse!! ):
Making project assignments not at
The moment where you do a cartwheel and when you are standing again, accidentally slap someone in the face..
You don't want to be 'that' person. Take it from a momma who preaches to her kids all day, every day, lol. :D
hell yeah girl!!! Have a little celebration and then set a new goal! Run a 5k? Do 20 good push ups? Lose XX pounds by Memorial Day?
I mean it's not BAD but it's really not in the running for places I'd most like to live in the Midwest.
Wisconsin, too
One hour until showtime!
Today the DandC had a cover story on low level pro wrestling. Now an article about gangster rap. I thought they shut down The Insider.
From then on, when I was going somewhere, I was RUNNANG!
“: Shaq all star comedy jam!!!” they should have Shaq , Kenny, Reggie, Charles and Kevin Hart haha
come to the MID!!
thanks for following me guys.
Half-way through the day and so far no unexploded ordinances
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day. I've got a beautiful feeling, everything's going my way!
aww why? :( RT i was #ForeverAlone at practice without :"( ... should know t-.-
This week went by so freaking fast ...
Any fun stops along the way? That's quite the hike!
Words cannot describe #BOYFRIENDmusicVideo its just too flawless<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> fricking hot
Im goin 2 be yellin @ Kris Dumphries all night at the Nets game. I want to make sure he knows how dumb the guy in the 17th row thinks he is!
Jim Freir can still nick this one. It's the Official Joe McGuill's to lose though.
Waiting for to come on. I've been waiting for this for ever.
LOL no its a statue haha :P
Nice to meet you Mike! Can you plz DM me your email so I can describe some use cases?
Suddenly I'm not half the woman I used to be at Whole Foods
And with #Kzoo2012 on my mind, I suppose I should write my paper for that.
hahaha..go to sleep...I just got u a new mixer upstairs. Be kind.
Thanks for the RTs and #FFs! and
The awkward moment when I spend 5 hours online shopping and only end up getting 3 things
Flying on another airline really makes you appreciate the space on
Merry Xmas!
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
just now leaving work, so much better
Off to bed. Wish me LUCK with my #Endoscopy 's from both ends tomorrow.
I need to be up by 7am tomorrow. Please call me if I'm not. Thanks.
"Show me how to love, show me where to start #activatemyheart" #Nataliakills!! FUCKING LOVE HERR!!!!
She already met him once! It's bizarre. Some of us deserve a little chance.
Damn! Hell yeah!
so is he now tied with Travis Ishikawa?
I want to break free
I've been so heads down in meetings the last week, I'm out of the loop! Haven't seen 's post...off 2 check it out!
Whatever you do, don't hit a bus!
small price to pay for Julie love!
SOMEBODY'S got jungle feeeeevah! Hahahaha
plus our fabulous exhibitors!
Umm what government department do I complain to about loosing 1 hour of my weekend?! Ive been robbed and I want justice!
and a body double was also used apparently for some of the scenes - as well as makeup!
It's very exciting for me to be here to hear and meet bassist Michael Manring who was with late great Michael Hedges during Windham Hill yrs
Most great artist don't fall off they just get uninspired...
This week is totally amazing... but for once, I wish it wasn't Friday!
“: That awkward moment when you finish a math problems and your answer isn't even one of the choices.”
nice! Taste the waste
Happy Birthday !!
Iv ben asleep for more than 12 hours now
We're so excited! Flight lands at 8:30PM tomorrow - there won't be a problem checking in late, will there?
thanks for the rapid responses to the beats we will send you the finish recording soon..follow back
Republicans are a joke.
Research day for our Cloning Hearing set to begin on Feb 15.
Txt Me
im a girl and idk how we started talking thru facebook... And you told me to follow you on twitter :)
How dare you bring your baby on the train!! #ShutUp!!!!!!!!!
We already miss #UTSA Football!
Well, then maybe you need to adopt a more useful cat. I have a few extras.
of mice and men?
awesome game guys we couldn't of done without each other. It's awesome to play on a team with y'all. Thanks
You that cutie from the park wurd? :)
I guess ha ha
Need to have a come to Jesus meeting in the locker room urrrr or something like that.
Okay people on my way to Irvine get ready here I come
You have a charming fake personality.
I say go and pop that pussy for a real nigga
HAHAHA ALRIGHT. YOU SAY WHEN.
Its a New Year..... Let's do this
Anyhow I'm stupid and should have bought it and nit give him "gas money".
This sucks:( oh well
with my niece, watching the game.
No it is semipermanent.
it's not over- I still think there's a chance!!!
hahaha yes I am!! And I hopeful have a "happy Justin Bieber's birthday!!"
Our Lefse now comes with different toppings if you so desire. Strawberry, Blueberry, Nutnella & Bananas!
Fire in St. Paul this morning - neighbors help rescue kids.. See a report in just minutes on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING.
Manifest a Bright Future but remember to wear sunglasses because it is going to be "Bright"!
"hey, I'm Stan.."- me "and I'm a ratchetass bitch" - Courtney LOLOLOLOLOL <3
Some things don't take deep analysis.
If there were a MLB broadcaster toilet bowl tournament, Joe Block and Davey Nelson would be a one seed...
hm.....interesting
Please follow back
David Ortiz is just unfair against lefties right now. Unfair. Boom
"Don't you wanna stay here a little while" - Buffets, to Kelly Clarkson.
i got my nails donee all pretty. (:
Clearly, there was once a dangerous alternative to Safeway.
thanks for posting the Tebowing song! Ha. I passed it along to my peeps in Denver.
if Jelena broke up then i'd be happy and sad at the same time....
Retweet for . . . Not reason just retweet bitch (;
Penn State should burn in hell. And to all of you bleeding hearts'' These fucker's molested kid's'' My God where and when will it stop''
twitvid.com/RZVXZ - What? Get payed for Texting? has the story on Tonight @ 11 VIDEO
Just saw the cutest twin baby girls at the mall!! Wonder if they were identical??!!
Anybody need savin?
Ohio-based fight promotion NAAFS and Crossfire Media Group agree to terms on PR pact
What does Just Desserts mean to you? Just _ _ _ __? You fill it in!
Hello! Long time no chat! I've been out of town, hope everyone's weekend went well. No new etsy listings, but will have some soon!
Headed to WH event on #smartdisclosure; should be great
Breathe Deep Deerfield lung cancer fundraiser planned for May 6
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>RT : No regrets... Just lessons learned.
#MyFavoriteMovie Fight Club, American Beauty and so many others
<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764> since we don't drive I'll hot wire a car and drive us :)
#ifihad1wish I would wish for to follow me.(:
What Motivates You To Lose Weight and Get Fit?
i could care less that lawson went to UNC. honestly. he could've gone to any school and i'm happen to have him on my team.
Seeing all the benches taken out of georgetown makes me think we had something to do with it
Well its about that time... #KushUps will make this nite an easy 1, 2 fingers up & AshSten James iz out!
When Torii Hunter says wow to Raul Ibanez
How long is the avg. Insanity workout? My biggest issue with P90X was that it was so time consuming...
You bounced without saying bye to me?!? I'm heartbroken
Would that you had come to Charlotte on your USA tour...which was brilliant, of course, as all your work. DNC maybe?
just two more weeks and I will be home for three whole months!
yo joe are you going to see coat hangers tonite?
i love the work dats been goin down in 914 da talent is serious...klick city showcase gunna be live
I am in cali....i do travel to florida often..
waiting for the rain
STARBUCKS has announced it will stop using a natural colouring made from crushed beetles.
Fort Lauderdale #AirShow this weekend. Planes are zipping overhead as they practice.
“: is so flipping annoying” I hate you
The act of being loyal and the art of loyalty is truly undermined by the lack of education and street knowledge...
anytime you need a one night get-a-way to the beach, just let me know! Pool, Jacuzzi, men playing volleyball.
in the spirit of Frey, isn't the right thing to do to complain about aspects of his work without having read him?
The mere mention of Koji's name gives me heart palpitations
Wooohooo. Next up game 4 tomorrow,,,,& gettin' thru the week. Plus the business trip. And then class on Tues. "lord help me" :P
dont forget the money !!!
dont think y'all cnt come back in win 2 games! Cause y'all cn! Y'all did it all ths season y giv up now! Fuck wht others think
I wish I remembered all my drunken anger, I swear it's daily
having a "cleaning" vacation for the next four days= not really a vacation
With Brendon nd his older sister :D
Why oh why did I take the 295?
“You look tired” is just a polite way to tell someone they look like sh*t.
Oh my... This game is going to be wicked!!! Come on UNITED!!! #FUCity ;)
"You get what you put in, and people get what they deserve"
OMG YES!!!! About time! :) #ZARAShopOnline September 7 via
Happy hearts day!! :))
I ended a relationship May 1st..Does the fall under the eclipse? Is it possible to reconcile under the eclipse?
hahahaha!! I should've done that too!! So much fun last night!
introing the Challenger Learning Centers and inspiring work of the student "micronauts"
Listening to music, like always(: how about you??
hopefully see you guys on the headliner in the winter time :)) HOUSTON MISSES YOU!
The Big Chee Show on ESPN 1300 is taking you into the weekend at 5PM. We'll be talking draft and the local lacrosse scene with
Stressin.... People let me Down my whole life I need to get used to it and roll with the punches
<3 RT : Often think of this line: "Is man no more than this? Consider him well." ~King Lear
no more stop thru's need to call 1st and check in. And we moved. All corporate all day now
WFTV Florida reporting the FBI seeking evidence for a possible federal hate crime against George Zimmerman. He could face the death penalty.
Just recognized O Soave Fanciulla from La Bohème on Star Trek Voyager. Which is nerdier -- recognizing the song, or watching the show?
Heard of the bk. Just didn't realize the movie was going to happen!
Know of any? I've got 4 days here!
my professor is talking and talking I'm bout to act like she reading me a bed time story and go to sleep
#EmailMarketing Tip 14: TEST! Do A/B split tests constantly. Subject lines, offers, text-only vs images, call-to-action, day-part, etc.
Everybody dies -_- RT : I feel like Men in Black I won't be as good as the first two for some reason.
? Thanks, didn't know I was?
Very interesting news. Good to see young people connecting and working together for awareness .
Quentin Crisp~ Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
under the deadline fires today. Just dropping by to say good morning. Hope everyone has a productive day.
How are other libraries circulating e-book readers (i.e. kindle, knook, sony, etc.) and is it successful? Someone donated one to us.
with that whipper you can also infuse alcohol with your choice of flavoring in 30 seconds or so...
oh em gee, follow me <U+E405><U+E011>
I'm On My Phone,Yay,I Got Internet Back!!!
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
Dipshit Shows These Days,
What would you think if I could make some Table Top logo card sleeves?
You dont need #reasonstofollowLiam he is Daddy Directioner, that should be enough
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> RT : By the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace toward me was not in vain.
My poor ears!!
Retweeted your article several times, and posted it to my profile & women's, anti-bullying, & christian groups in LinkedIn! :-)
I'm introducing people left and right to the Doritos tacos thing at taco bell like crazy
These allnighter deals don't work so well for me, yet I continue to do them. #whenwillilearn? Oh well, 2 tests away from SPRING BREAK!
i wanna take a nap,
it was great seeing you my love, wish it was for longer :/ these weeks will fly by and ill be with you again! :) I <3 U
Swartz Creek, Grand Blanc and Mount Pleasant. I'm here until Friday May 11... Let's try to get together before I head back to Va!
this show is so fake. The relationships never work out lmao
I watched that last week for the first time in years. It's one of my all time favorite movies. :)
good points, I just think Big East BBall only schools need to do something creative to make it work. If not, they r in trouble
hell yeah dope! Yeah this track fittin to smash G!!
The beauty of empowering others is that your own power is not diminished in the process. Barbara Coloroso
Dude please tweet this 9 year old boy named Ethan he has days are numbered dying from cancer! Please make#PrayforEthan a trend
Love ain't always a party...
Here we go bruins!
Got a reminder msg from about a race I don't recall entering. Guess I'm running a 10k on Saturday.
"And I'm not certain, I think my father's Lavar Burton. Til I'm walkin and circles and talkin in third person."
I hate math with a freaking passion
C'MON, JAC. YOU'RE SO CLOSE.
I just have to say, warped tour was amazing. If it hasnt come to your area yet, plan on going. you wont regret it. <3
I think #SugarshaneMosley should bow out gracefully after this...
"Adventures of a Late-night Reference Desk Jockey," Episode 5: in which our hero shows half the undergrad population how to use the scanner.
I just skipped breakfast for Twitter. I don't think this is a good sign...
Yea...im still awake...
I know this is horrible, but I wish Josh would go home. I'm SO OVER HIM. But there's no way that's happenin'.
Rockers born today include Cindy Wilson of #TheB-52s (55) and Brian Jones of #TheRollingStones (would've been 70)..Happy Bday to all Rockers
I wish I could kill a few people in LA who stood in my way, legally. If only life was fair&I could see there blood run all over the ground.
+ all pink star bursts “: A foot rub + reeses would be bomb right now!”
o.o
NP Sonic Drive In Yakima WA is using 4 text messaging & mobile payment to increase engagements & transactions !
Our clients in Northern New Mexico are having stellar ski seasons! The weekend is approaching! Time to hit those slopes!
SAYYID! I miss youu. long lost bestfriennnd
I don't boycott. I think its ineffective. I just wonder where the outrage is? Love your comedy, hate the cheap shots. :)
#GetOuttaHere if your a Rangers fan.
Everyone watching live streaming just saw your look of extreme confusion. I laughed out loud. At my desk at work. Thanks.
Enter the "I really want my Beautyrest mattress" contest - starting next week. Last year a Denver resident won. Who's next?
I Gotta Say My GoodBye's Thoo .
FML, I should've went to sleep. I'll be such a bitch in a couple hours...
- conf dates are planned years in advance, but worked hard to move dates around. See you in Fort Worth April 24-27
I wanna be and im gunna be !
Stop by Pita Paradise Cafe & earn 15% #cashback on your first purchase! All thanks to !
careful not to trip over all those names you're dropping ;)
Previous tweet should've been
lmao I gotta hit u up real quick
no more finals
A man on the bus right now resembles young rdj but this guy is older. Flipping a shit.
"now errbody know that a dip is a sideline"
A stumble may prevent a fall. ~ English Proverb
Ooohoo. Kimmel pokes some fun at Occupy. Remember kids, you laugh at the Christie jokes, you gotta laugh at yourselves too.
ya possibly. Or go to mortenson and call up a reliever. That puzzled me why they didn't call anyone up.
I do RT : Spent a scintillating evening with who got tight. Began learning about #rugby culture. Who likes warm beer?
Its okay, I understand. She's skinnier. She's funnier. She's prettier. DON'T WORRY. I wouldn't choose me either.
I've mentioned to friends/family about Walmarts policies and they don 't care, they just want their goods cheap.
I don't wanna be alone forever but for the time being I'm
We're at the maple leaf tonight! Kick off summer right! 11pm.
Thanks for stopping by, Cody! RT I checked in at Southport Lanes & Billiards (3325 N Southport Ave)
what ever happened to the andy milonakis show??
Still have to keep telling myself...Mavs won the CHAMPIONSHIP!! The new pic is a reminded :)
Proud to announce a portion of all Hey, Hot Stems! proceeds will go to Love this organization and what its about!
“: At least I know that my field is within the fashion industry.” same here in that I know something In Fashion moves me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Thanks you for following the Pancreatic Action Network Milwaukee Affiliate!
I'm not da best singer but my fb fans requested it so yeah :)
"what Disney Princess is your favorite?"....morgan-- "girl ALL of them?? So what does that mean?" Lol...love you honey!! ;-)
Damn straight! I want my push button dinner dispenser. And Rosie.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common-sense could manage successfully.
Hi, I was one of your stupid southern followers, whose husband served our nation in the military.
Old poloroid - Yeah me too. I think the signature Polaroid paper is still being manufactured?
ill be back on later ima go eat
shake it out, shake it out, shake it out, shake it out..
D: why you sad btw tell that I need jojo fringers still(: please?(:
Thanks. Will do.
yep, now I have about 48 hours before I'm back in another airport haha
imma like.. eat my whole house. lol i'm so hungry.. lolololol
oops sorry! I got caught up in the moment!
Bill Clinton probably couldn't be secretary of state, too close to the line of succession. But what about Senator Clinton?
I heart Weeks.
no one asked you for your goddamn opinion mr. pro active
Thursday is awesome actually. We're in town. Whole family is coming to visit. I took off friday and Tuesday
#Grimm is some sadistic shit! most innovative show I've seen on network TV, since #UglytBetty!
My baby cousin was crying, so I put on an and video. He stopped instantly.(:
When did "the fact of the matter" become a magic phrase making absurd RW lies somehow "factual"? Ron Christie on my TV.
Why vote for this pathetic measure? You are a real hero to me - this almost kills me!
legislators are ultimately totally aware they need to rep. their constituents. Their ability to parse voices hampered.
#THINGSTHATFRUSTRATEME BEING OVERLOOKED
If i could write you a song and make you fall in love.
Haha RT : *in the "Dude, Where's My Car?" banter* DUDE! SWEET!You're a rockstar now
Damn you pawat, for introducing me to Geodefense!
I think I could have scored in that position. Well, maybe not, but for professionals, that's ghastly.
LoveVoodoo Fest is over... Counting down for Goddess Week in March!!!
I feel so accomplished, and I didn't even do anything big yet!
agreed! “: Just when I thought I couldn't hate the #Heat any more, they go into complete punk mode here in the 4th. Go ”
Sic em Bears. K. Wright to the Titans. Must be the first time Baylor had two first round picks.
My 5 year old cousin stood up in church today and screamed "I LOVE " .........
it's funny how heterosexual ppl dont wanna support #gaymarriage but they are the ones producing "gay" babies haha..just get over it
Q16 Absolutely - could be good to recommend to my clients!
Dear Cody Robert Simpson, please stop killing me with your charms. Sincerely, two million Simpsonizers.
Braun?!?!? Seriously, #Brewers going straight into the toilet this next season. Disappointing.
Alright let me knw
Miami needs to trade Chris Bosh next season!
hey boy let me tlk to u haha
Waiting for Taylor Mac to make a fabulous entrance!
Who would like us to do a series on our youtube of our CEO gaming on BF3? "Gaming with IRGRL and her popular friends that are cool"
Wow that Bengals summersault touchdown was amazing ! Should count for the extra point right there.
haha that show is so amazing
what u got goin on.
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire.
dude you're a boxer with 2 percent body fat I'm not gonna comment on that
NOTION3 Expansion Sounds Now Available! Individual instruments sets can be purchased for as low as $14.99 at www.notionmusic.com.
It's O.K. to laugh during sex ... just don't point !
I have written 15 pages of serious thinking about math day. My brain is wiped.
gonna go to freidns house lol always remember never forget to leave the toilet seat down
One of these days I will learn how to relax & not work so much. :) Off work from my day job, now time to work on pro-bono work.
Major Crash: 805 North before 52. Overturned vehicle. 3 lanes blocked. HUGE backup! Major delays. (Tune in - NBC 7 News Chopper is over it.)
We love to see you check in! Come back soon!
The Mother's Day Sale starts tomorrow! All bags and purses will be 25% off :D
nm just listening to depressing music for no reason wbu?
Looks more like 'magnum' - seems like all of you are trained in modeling! Walk-off at 's #ITCmeetup?
RT McMini/subway diet has to stop.
Very proud to be a member of
grasshopper joke made me snort - loudly!
Welcome to my newest upgraded member Zeeshan Perzan
And he's asleep! I wonder how he falls asleep so fast?! :D oh well gotz to lovez him :D
ouch. Z just said earlier this week that she wanted to visit Cassie, but this (and, you know, the 9000 miles) means we might wait
Were making a video for Zayn Maliks birthday so tweet us your birthday wishes for him (:
#flx If you're #lacrosse game tonight vs #fairoprt tweet the score to keep us all updated. Hashtag #pylax. good luck mustangs!
Guy in Seattle playing Rocky Top on the banjo. Go Vols
Tomorrow includes a menu project and a 10 mile run. Start each day fresh and enjoy the ride.
Had a great time/shoot on the beach today with Rachel Allyn, only wish the sun had joined us. Pics up soon.
I love it!
Hola from one #socialmedia marketer to another! We have a mutual friend - Noelle K. :)
I feel like a Dumb ass without it /:
Stoning Mary to tour with AIC and the Stooges!!!!!! wow, figured it would take something like April 1st to make that happen!
Thanks for trying, but I bet neither you nor your sister are socially awkward.
Looking for a contractor to install the 5 murals along the business district. Does anyone know of someone that could recommend? Thanks!
How does that lemon ( #LFC) taste now John Does it taste bitter yet ?
Had a great time with the bruhs last night at #hardrock. S/0 to Fall 10 lol!
#ThingsThatUsedToBeCool tucking the front of your pants inside to show off the tongues of your shoes lol it was terrible
Where is the Subculture launch tonight?
Cute guy in Canyon wearing a TJ Oshie shirt? DAY MADE!
2 way love affair...<U+2665>
ok...and I see those on the phone...so I guess thats where I'll be checking lol...I feel so old and not in the know...
So I saw. Hang in there and keep fighting!
Just got home, playoffs are on and I'm assuming is on the edge of his seat.
a girl called me a slut and shit cause I didn't like a lil Wayne song. Lol its like people cant have opinions these days !
Not my way but Yahweh.
was he really going to give a paltry $2 tip?!? That's ridiculous.
follow 80/20 rule: 80% good and 20% delicious. Now you have made me hungry
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Sometimes I wish I were a part time economist with matter of fact answers.
I thought it was just me. That show is painful to watch. LBVS
What I wouldn't do for a sticker. Jealous of my friends at
haha tiller today
You are still my princess, but shouldn't I at least be treated like a prince for all I've done for you?
let me see your phone, cuz all these b*tches ratchet.
If want to start farmers market need $5000+ permit; and vendors think chips, not produce will sell. Make healthy food the default.
The one thing that bothered me about The Avengers- Loki, the bad guy, looks like PeeWee Herman. Not intimidating AT ALL.
Mayhem fest is bringing a storm to Cincinnati!
Now Booking Photo Shoots!!! Please DM For Questions And Rates...
Butch: Will you hand me a towel, miss beautiful tulip? Fabienne: Ah, I like that. I like tulip. Tulip is much better than mongoloid.
On March 24, 1834, the Bank of Maryland declared bankruptcy and closed for business. Accusations of fraud would follow.
Con la bomba sexual de y
RT : I leaped. Sprained my ankle. Doc says I need 48 months to heal.
I think they're overpriced
My goal tonight to have the TV off right as Nantz delivers his schmaltzy line. Think of it as my pale imitation of
saturday? I wanna get mines too
#np - Catch A Bad One
When your talking in class and the teacher picks on you its like "umm hello there's a reason why I don't have my hand up"!
Are we talking Harold's Chicken? ;-)
they really need to take care with their forays into evolutionary sociology
Dive wears !
First tweet! What else to say besides check out the website and get ready for some upcoming furniture repair pictures and tips!
Council passes the 2012 budget for Cleveland.
can't wait to start writing the date incorrectly and thinking of not-so-cliche #nye tweets.
You are good audience. Thanks.
RT Tonight tho... #REDNO5 <-damn sis let me hold something, you oh so major! You got a party everyday of the week!!!
Any other #SUinNYC alums a tad bit jealous of all the students who will be enjoying #MayFest today?
your biggest "trophy" kill hunting?
Consider coupling it with a marketing tool 2effectivelyTake ur msg2The Mass Mrkt not just drive2site go2: www.Video-TV-Email.com
man,take ur time 2 get right.we need u more down the stretch
dead serious
Very good example of how nation-based structure affects movements of players in cricket's labor market
Anyone looking to record!?I got one of the best studios in Buffalo, NY! Great room, great gear and great rates! And now with a studio b!!
thanks for the article and tweet!
did it come in a package or envelope?
“: just confirmed - Grupo Fantasma co-headlining with Y La Bamba - Sat. July 7 - on sale Sunday!”
Just took my contact lenses out without finding my glasses first. Now I can't see. T.Y.P.I.C.A.L
#NowPlaying Marilyn Manson - If I Was Your Vampire
aww lucky!! How did u get him to follow u?? I have tried a few times with no luck:(
I wonder if the Burger King and Dairy Queen are fair leaders, or unjust tyrants.
Thanks for being my second follower! (Twitter makes it sound like I'm running an up-and-coming cult.)
I don't say much. .... I just ice-cream sandwiches.
Taking to a winner's backyard in St. Pete tonight for a BBQ!! Gonna be sick.
As a Valentine's Day treat, take $1.00 off any coffee or candy purchase at Millie's today when you check in on Foursquare!
not yet. I have the front done. I still need to get the batting and the back fabric. I work Tues,Thurs,Fri and Sat this week.
just stop.
“: I wonder if #Braun and #Rodgers will ever open a business together? Now that would be cool!” that'd be amazing
Have a great night everyone..Come back tomorrow for Heavy Handed Sundays and get your eighth weighed to four grams!
meet me in the middle oh oh oh oh oh ohh
great thanks for asking!
smh im killing my nephew in Call Of Duty!
bring me Some lol
Life is full of a lot of surprises! But hey everything happens for a reason, life goes on
standing next to joan rivers
I love black AND white people. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Derrick "MVP" Rose is clown'n on the Heat...Love it!!
« Getting your back scratched when your cuddling >>>»
Disco party fundraiser next Sat. (5-14) at to benefit the ATGC! $10 cover, 1/2 off if you bring in an item for our pantry.
best sapling press card ever!!!
text me your address ill try getting one boxed up today!
i don't know what it means either, but i don't think it's fuck 4 fuck. i'm thinking follow for follow maybe
wrists hurt like.......im not going to go there.
I'm seriously thinking there is something going on with my Thyroid.... all of the symptoms are there and it has my worried =/
"Damn the Torpedoes, Full Steam Ahead." - Admiral David Farragut, 1864
70s today and possibly 80s tmrw! Thank the lord. I need some sun!
That Moment when you see that person that use to bully you and they gained a ton of weight you're just like "Karma's a b**ch"
Just waking up damn. I can't wait till south padre.
“: So how are you today?”- I'm good.. Wasn't even tipsy/drunk. You?
UMC press conference information...one child was shot in the Tucson shooting and died at UMC. Child was 9 years old.
Nice to see a full house today! Everyone's back to work.
RT: : Amazing run in Chicago so beautiful :)
What happened to realtime arrival info? For past few weeks, app/SMS only shows scheduled arrivals.
summer concerts>
we'd love to have you stop in! Check out our artist portfolios at kustomthrills.com... Thanks for the recommendation!
The NBA needs its golden boys from NYC in the playoffs. Time to ruin that shit. Let's roll Milwaukee!
Coders gonna code. Why not invent a new language? It doesn't have to work. It just needs to prove a point.
they sure the flucck did! DMV was in that thang!
Peach pie in the oven, Nigella Lawson's no bake cheesecake (who knew this could be done without a jello mix?) in the fridge. BBQ ready!
thought you were gonna look nice today ..
ROTFL ill b ready
“: Is it too late to get Jeremy Lin in the All-Star game? Write-in campaign?”. That's what you're worried about? Really?
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: a pair of see-through linen pants, a thunderstorm, what should have been a nice walk in the park with dad
What's the worst thing that can happen before a major grad project is due? Your laptop screen cracks...
Sadly, not much new which is part of why I'm in re-eval mode also. What's new with you? Still head over heals w/MKE?
S/o to the guy thats letting his tiny wanna be dog sh-- in my lawn<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>. I appreciate the fertilizer BRO! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Forecast for Tuesday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 68 to...
Hi Kris! Enjoyed your panel discussion and meeting you at DBC!
RT : Want a reservation on a Friday or Saturday? has 'em. RT with your must-eat menu item to win
double tap home btn when locked.
- yes, many scholars are making their old articles from out-of-print journals available on their personal web sites.
is anyone left at 30 Rock and Building 25?
Indeed. Nearly every article I find about the bassoon in newspapers has some gross error or bizarre wording like that, sadly.
Everything can contain beauty but beauty isn't everything :)
Thanks Erin for following us xoxo
Shut up
Javele McGee act like he get game balls very often, throwing it away like that.. smh he should've put that in his trophy case.lol
Time for a bit of band practice!
A night of merriment beer and videogames with one this evening. Now I just need to be incredibly productive until then.
do you wear a headband every practice and if so, why not in the game? Great job last night
"Winning starts with beginning."--Anonymous
& tried to kidnap me, someone call the cops. Lol
I am on that tip !
Taking in blogging (gasp!, I know) webinar from writer + assoc.editor of media,
what blow
at this rate I would love if Rogelio became un-paralyzed and she stayed with him! Gustavo is an angry crybaby!
Thanks for the follow! We are having a Tech Meetup later in the summer, would you be interested in speaking?
looking forward to our meeting today - hope passport queues are modest!
Good morning! Is it me or are the allergies this year kicking ur ass?!?!
If only it were fatal...
all set for Smackdown !!
I am always hungry!
who wouldn't?
I'm just finishing up a blog post that explains the very naughty thing I did last week! ;-)
Twitter highlight of my weekend? Getting followed by !
Happy Labor Day and welcome new followers! What is your beer of choice on this lazy day? I'm going for some IPA... -Sean
cause i was stupid and Im sorry.
last smoke of the evening, followed shortly by my last drink of heineken, followed by a much-needed passing-the-fuck-out.
#OWIF: I asked what it means to be a Flibertarian. "We don't trust in government intrusions like roads, streetlights, or fluoride."
Hope everyone made it safe through the power outage...our doors are back open and ready for all you Farmers to come by and say Hi!
hey miranda how are you ?
Hahahaha. :D <333 You are so lucky. (:
if not, you're in for a treat tomorrow!!! It's one of the best of the season.
but. We aren't going out YET. hahaha(:
well were you the dragon?
Shut up guy!
'We Three Teas' tea gift basket is the best seller this season, 3 holiday tea blends & tea measuring spoon $29.99 tealovergiftbaskets.com
Back on the set, mike k's personal shuttle now. MKE ngnm german town.
Haha... I know you want me.
Love people, not things... Use things, not people.
When i cut em off they strt stalking me
Remember when A&W Root Beer and the burgers; Papa Burger, Mama Burger ... remember when they were good???
Some females look ether cure or pretty on facebook or twitter but in person they look like a dn pickle
GO TO BED
Leather Feather tonight @ Eagle Tavern in SF!!!! Bring on the bears.
HOT DAMN!!!!! My wife won a PINK MLB BASEBALL BAT ON TWITTER TODAY...HOOHA.
I like your face. K.
#noregrets regarding the past, but I do love my #newjob oh so much!
I cast a spell on you and glad you came afterward.
Just took my new bike for a ten mile ride. Now I'm covered in bugs!
Watching i die
Books: art collecting for the middle class.
I don't know. Which scares me haha
it's fun hitting the road and meeting locals across the country! Thanks for the mention in your tweet. /Cc
omg that means when I see you and we go to the movies or something I can have wifi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Listening to talk about #transparency policy in the
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Just watched "In Time." That's 1 hr 50 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.
whoa whoa whoa - another TICKET GIVEAWAY FOR ST. VINCENT on "Bad Blood" tonight from 11pm-1am?!? scooby doo!
Not at Confab, I'm guess I'm interjecting myself into a conversation. Twitter kills my sense of manners, perhaps?
I'm loving it SO much. :D Couldn't be more of a 180 from the firm (aka hell)!
u never tweet me.
happy birthday! And thank you for sending me wishes on FB! We are both Aries! Love it....explains a lot!
seen me call her ass
then don't go... duh ! Lmao
The school show for #Amahl. I'm sitting back stage in the pinkest outfit I'll ever wear my entire life. What we do for art. Sigh....:)
Hugs! I know you love them.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine de Saint Exupery
Hey guys. I was wondering who tweets the most from the band's twitter account?
How come?
Open to life on a whole new level.
Whenever someone spells something wrong, I always look to see if the two letters are close on the computer keyboard. :D
It's all happening.... 16 days till
Everyone come out to the FFC in Louisville tonight to party with us!
when was the last time the #Mets and #Yankees were both PP due to weather in the same day/different cities
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family! in
At Memorial Union for a concert. (, to be exact.) I have seen three guys dressed like Richie Tenenbaum so far.
#808Pride always have friends who will fight for you if they dont dont trust them
Is gorgeous day in Milwaukee!
How about Monday?
I should have brought a second shirt
did your experience happen because you're so hot or because there was a short circuit with the wiring?
Tonight... my roommate and I are going to be in the same room as Alexa Vega. I'm pretty much okay with this. Thank you roomie!!!
HAVE YOU VOTED TODAY? VOTE FOR "SOL POWER (A IS FOR AFRO)" IN THE "ARTEXPO NY, NY ARTIST CHALLENGE" ---> THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTES & SUPPORT!
Unfortunately, we don't have any vegan waffles right now. But we will pass along the suggestion!
#lessambitiousbooks Angels in the dugout
Good morning boo :)
Wow, do you ever sleep? Isn't it 4am where you are?
I already like it!
Memphiz n May can't wait
What payment options (besides credit cards) would an online printshop cart offer?
Th hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is waking up seeing that person gone.
Thank you for sharing and CONGRATULATIONS! #IDODI Global Finals will be amazing this year!
U'll never guess where Mackey is... Boys to Men concert, free stage, MN state fair. I kinda feel bad. But wowy david bowie can they sing!!!
Oh derp I never saw that tweet. SOWIE.
"what fine twat did he deem so worthy?".
Lunch with my boy always a great time..
Perfect for a #hike! RT : #SantaFe Forecast for Tuesday: Mostly sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to lower 80s. West winds 10 to...
I need a get away forreal. Like why is she rushing me smfh
Artists looking for #hiphop #beats please visit http://zerobeats.com, Instant delivery, high quality, discounts, contracts, no tags! THX
Satire, yes?
Thank you Belle :) Here's a very big hello along with a hug & kiss just for you! Mwah! Hope today has treated U nicely! :)
Great to meet you last night, thanks for recording my sketch! Will let you know when it posts (prob about a mnth). Cheers!
#codeforoakland attendee suggests we should create a central hub where people can find all the Oakland mobile tools. Good idea!
Oh the irony. So thick. “group of nuts and lunatics and fascists” (Karl Rove on OWS)
my friend haha
hm...ok. getting dressed to leave now.
I'm lucky so support a gentleman with so much #class like you. <3
lol.. u gotta be smokin that loud
do ya thing girl . them tats is whats bangin tho .
Thank you. i don't know if she'll actually use my quotes or not, but we'll see...
Los Angeles
Now I see why dante jones dunk on 2k is 99
everything of course
diesel trucks are hotter.
The Boston Stock Exchange Building is NOT depressing. You should see all the creepy passages in that building, epic.
follow me back please?
text the phrase cashtexts 10917 to the number 69302
You don't need to install a program database. What we're doing is simple enough that it autocreates.
That moment when you put mascara on then you sneeze!
Program your DVRs!!! We'll be on this Thurs morning. Be sure to tune in!
why don't you just flap your arms and fly up to see ?
Adding the 2008 8 Chains North Furnace Mountain Red to my Drync cellar!
sounds like your stalking me.STALKER
Thanks for your responses to 's query. Nice to see Twitter synergy in action. Cheers, Mark
Con que corazon? :-D
Oh that is just a bowl full of nice.....
LPM is doing GREAT Things with Scottsdale BGC!
Looks like #sandiego wine country came through the Hail ok! buds are happy and intact. whew.
I thought we must turn things off & take out earphones to avoid distraction during takeoff/landing, the most risky part of flight
i actually like that Pandora commercial
it's on. Guess I'm gonna sneak pics of u and tweet them! Great idea
RT - WES WELKER of The New England Patriots is coming up at 7 with The Hill-Man Huddle!
i told you earlier lets go to the northwoods movie theater!!!
i attempted to post that when I got to the game... I guess it didn't post until now
Ruther: with a detailed laser scans + 3D printer, can produce accurate replica of historic structure
Ready for a fun weekend!!
"If you don't look good, we don't look good. Vidal Sassoon." Hairstylist dead of natural causes at 84 at his LA home.
Beatles win hands down in my book. Not even a contest. The Beatles were much more versatile and much better writers.
If #ShabazzMuhammad played in the #Pac12 that would be amazing. If he pulled a mind trip played at some place like Delaware State...
still, i rather have an equal cut than lets say i win the fight but the loser still gets more money than me, feel me?
Giants fan?
I appreciate the things you do for me even though I might not show it.
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew how I sexual really am.
it irritates me when people say "oomf", just tell them.
RT : . "Lordy I hate Rand Paul." May the Aqua Buddha impose Karma upon Rand! #uppers |Good one!
Jeff McBride Mistery school Monday night tonight at 10:00 PM Eastern standard time at www.McbrideMagic.tv
PS - if anyone asks me what our theme is, that is totally what I'm gonna tell them now.
For the first time in franchise history, the Grizzlies win a playoff elimination game.
Stoked for band practice tomorrow w/ and Too bad iz bitch ass can't come.
: Working on some smashes. -Every writer ever
Hoping everyone had a great weekend!
Happy Birthday Marines! We owe you more than can be expressed by my little Tweet.
Can't play conservatively against a Brady-led offense. Especially on 4th-and-1 with Tebow running the offense. That could come back to haunt
I woke up to support from a lot of people telling everyone to follow and check out us today! I can't thank you all enough <3
VaLINtines Day Massacre!!!!
summer jobs for Alaska Natives, Am. Indians, and Kanaka Maoli age 18 - 24, at the So Cal Indian Center. check the youtube vid:...
Detour (1945) tracks a darkly handsome piano player with the bad habit of leaving dead bodies behind, as he drives head on into a dead end.
Post thanksgiving dinner all up in the Carabar walk in
“Art is when you hear a knocking from your soul — and you answer.” ~Terri Guillemets
Anyone trying to play catch later or what?
At #CapitolPregnancyCenter with & to delivery strollers and volunteers to help with painting!
how did you learn English so well? I know people in France speak it a little but you're very good!
Thanks. Roll Tide is appropriate for all occasions, even when the priest almost passes out during the prayer of consecration.
Did you figure out how to turn the cheddar bay knowledge into actual cash??
Still giddy over the #Cavaliers win tonight...
yessir...trash fuck around and start donating plasma
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
seriously the sweetest thing I have ever seen :)
is it working?
Midlakes Basketball: On our way to Pal-Mac...let's keep this season going!!!
When you cant even turn your phone down because youre getting pumbled by your womans tweets
omg i just wanna live in a jane austen novel
I have 'a cat-centric version of "Let Me Be Your Star" stuck in my head. "Fade in on a cat…. with a hunger for fish…"
Thank you for the mention! :-)
thursday! almost spring break >>>
“: all i ever wanted was someone who will stay , no matter how complicated i may be ...” Exactly
king taco ..3rd and ford or Caesar chavez
aw that sucks butt ! America and countries should be able to watch it too :/
Looking forward to Scandal, yes yes yes!!!
i don't know about me but i know about you
If you need a bad bitch let me call a few.
Might rain and it will be windy in Las Vegas. Doesn't matter I'm pressure washing indoors tonight. vegaspressurewashing.com
hahaha!! There's a hot guy down the road with a sign that says "spare a job". Should I fetch him for ya too? ;)
Great point! Thanks for the reminder :)
Who has a Madison Live feed to the Rotunda?
what is office etiquette for carrying Prep H to bathroom? it is a thing that literally goes in my butt; should I hide it or have no shame
My hand is messed up because of byron. never playing scorpion again.
we're both cute thinkers! lol
Especially some more #TeamOrlando followers
#ThirdDegreeMerch well, since you said please..
It's time you take #basketballwives off the air...there is no way you are proud of this monster you created.
Why did you bother responding to this noise?!?!
Age 23, blasting Cursive's "Domestica." Yes, actually. Fuck yes, even. Listen to music that made you feel things at 15 again, everyone. Now.
follow me you twat
just got back from running three miles with the high school team it was already hot out
In Denver on the way to
how do I change my font to webdings?
Going to a third OT in DC! Let's go Rangers!
Thanks for the follow!!
We take the time to learn about the needs of our clients and prepare a schedule that will make you feel comfortable
60% of traffic on convince and convert comes from first time visitors
Ha! True. It's like writing a date on a check after the first of the year. Old habits die hard. Oh wait, it's not even old yet.
Yayyy is coming to my house tomorrow to finish making the boyz presents!!! :D erika turn around and shut yo mouth omfg lmfao!
lol wat a ginger fetish u have!
At the Stogie shop posted.
you in Canton with #SwaggyB yet?
Have faith.
+ last night = one amazing show. Thanks for the fun! had a blast.
Sunday OFF!!! Priceless
#HardRockRising underway for Round 3 Tara's Fire up now bringing a #DropkickMurphys vibe - Come
I don't think so
If you have a good personality theyll blank you no matter what
oh gawd boy(;
I dont know how to respond when you are brought up in these conversations..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It was good to see Mr. Montgomery! Next ones on me!
Out of the UB with TT, hit trips but guy rivers a straight on us. Nothing we can do there IMO
Good morning world - rain or shine I'm making today mine !
DICK-RID·ING² [dik,rahy-ding] - verb. || The Act of Continuously OVER-praising an individual, with the intentions of being noticed.
Happy Cinco De Mayo. pollo tacos,patrón, And Coronas.
so u not following me back?
Jane Eisner of leading the brainiest panel of the day "Was Amsterdam the New Jerusalem? On the Fragility of Community"
Today starts my yoga challenge with RT . 30 yoga classes in 30 days. Here we go!
I love old movies!
I wish I was one of those people who didn't give a fuck.
The doors to the Blue Cue are open!! Come on in for taco, tequilla, and margarita specials!
Thunderstorm knocked the hotel power out.... In January. #whereamI?
Ross and chandler were cute when they started friends.
Happy Mother's Day to Everyone...Mothers, Aunts, Grandmothers, etc...:)
I'm BACK!!!!! Someone HMU! Who misses me! ;)
At the Civic Center of Greater Des Moines seeing the faux Beatles tribute band/show. Save your money! Download the real music instead
hey, you should give us a listen! we're new to vegas but not to music :D
So 3 peeps in diff areas want to see me today like I'm a silly ho....
Who is the scientist?
Vintage shopping quest: Pasadena, Santa Monica, Hollywood, Burbank thrifts, flea mkts, vintage fairs...finally found the kid's Prom dress!
up to the right is me! I'm searching for you!
He's been hearing that crap ever since he was at UCLA.
Also, thank you to Chandler for one of the most spectacular beer selections ever.
Catching up on my sports news watching on espn2 just made my day
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Go there! Bring me an filet oscar please and thanks...you know I only do rare...
Sippin' a seabreeze in the lobby before #CO Symphony. A gr8 place for people watching, a fav pastime. Jeans, formal dresses & eclectic. Fun.
how about PERFECTION? <U+2665>
fair enough.
A poem: chillin with Lindsay, she lookin so fansay, take this bottle o alizé and tickets to ordway, it's gonna b cray cray
MIAMI WEATHER IS NUTS TODAY!!! Surf is up and I'm stuck inside working LOL!
Hiya #libchat, I'm Leah, a Reader's Advisor in Chicago. Also first time participating, so YAY!
whats up kyle - how ya doing
yeah but at least I'm done with half of my classes... :P
Tnx + for RT, MT + all your work!
ostensibly the not knowing was what compelled its members to convene.
bro... I got 2 #matted black pairs. get yer shit straight.
The blindside >>> hercules
Evanna i saw your audition tape on youtube. It was so cool and i think you knocked it out of the park! Luv u ~ cathy xx
Oh and morning everyone <U+E04A>
hey guess what? I'm almost done with school. aaaaaaahahahahahhaah...and you aren't!
we opened up with Dayton yesterday.
mark brown almost just hit two people hahahahahahah
Thank you! Hey, I read somewhere that becoming a naturalized Midwesterner is approx. an 8 yr process. Gettin closer every day!
you damn sure couldn't run with him in the "brains" department.........you turd
Bob, do the Pacers have a chance VS the Heat? Are they the forgotten team in the playoffs or will Miami roll?
retreat my hockey stuff now?
it's going to be a big nothing, but mostly bc everyone's making it a big something.
Rad... if you're an aspiring Disney princess. Otherwise just bad.
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
thanks for the #ff !!
Meeting done. Now at he bar with and
Yep, will be emailing you today. We are super excited to partner with your restaurant :)
Love her RT : Oprah once said, "Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you."
grape big league chew is so yummy
Every morning I wake up happy cuz I know I'll see you. Every night I go home crying cuz I'll have to wait until tomorrow to see you again <3
it's the designer water!
How am I not trending above ? I can't get any street cred without this. Check that algorithm!
Just make it as creepy as possible and I'll read! <3
Sorry I missed your tweet. My email is
Wat is the best upgrade to a nokia tmobile phone
whats up though world
That #awkwardmoment when the girl who talks the most shit says she hates 2 faced people...
Dad's networking protip: "get married, double your contacts." Mom: "Polyandry."
I'm almost to 1000 tweets!!!!
Welcome to Twitter!
I try and stay away from imagining disastrous scenarios; and visualize what I desire and allow my thoughts to dwell on it in peace.
YOU SAID ALIA AND I ARE GAY. Wtf I like dick. But Alia on the other hand.... LOL
I'm going to PA too to kick my brother's arse as well!
that's the answer I was hoping to get from you ;-) I'm cool,I got off work super early so I might try to catch up on sleep
TBH I only like one person right now and all deez other hoes are irrelevant.
please tell me I can purchase one of these next show
RT : Thank you both for your leadership!! too!
I've said before that my life is just one big awkward moment. + creator of awkward moments = awkwardlicisouness
It's only Tuesday?! JK! Have a good one! “: happy tuesday lacey
If you're not already #FF ..Great PR advice!
sp that means that Diva matches will go from being 3/12 minutes to 4?
1 month wait after order to get #att #uverse installed, but had to miss the appt due to car issues. Next avail date in October!? CANCELED.
This one's easy to answer: Lil Wayne's How to Love.
Yes! So are my colleagues. cc:
In conclusion, if you are serious about giving Twitter a chance to make money for you, TAP Profit Funnel might work for you too
FREE Monthly Worldwide Solunar Best Hunting Times and the Best Fishing Times Forecast and Prediction Tables
I still don't have it. maybe b/c I haven't had a new sale since it was rolled out?
Boys that are smart >>
bo. But better luck next week, right? And practice was still super fun.
I track my calories using myfitnesspal.com. Do you track yours?
Don't leave the person you love for the person you like , because the person you like will leave you for the one they love .
It's on FOX5 in the DC market. RT : Catch me on today at 4pm. We're doing an Italian meal makeover.
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
So true it's disturbing RT: Battlestar Galactica + Portlandia = One fracking awesome sketch that you can watch RIGHT NOW:
Thanks Darren! #FF Hope you're doing well. :)
Thanks for tuning in! Go to our website in 20 min. to see a slideshow of all of the winners, complete with info about their jobs
Nope, staff mtg. I think I've spent over 10 hrs this yr listening to lectures abt time sheets. So pointless!
Well guess she aint getting it done then.
HELL YES!!! WHERE-AT??
People ain't original no more that shit is problem to a nigga who dont like losing
“: then lets go with smaller portions sizes=less calories and enjoy!! #latism”
How's day 5 at HTC? Change is better than a rest, right? Hope they know how lucky they are to have you :)
RT : Ted in first! Crowd is going CRAZY!!!!
Nothing turns around a crappy day like an assortment of delicious goods and even better company.
That was a legit dance!
Sorry, I don't know what the fuck you're going on about so I'm casually never replying back to you lol have a nice life
will be at the Tree's joint.
Furious at Cascade High School. My brother got suspended for protesting. What has this world come to?
I totally just saw you there! I even did a double take and looked at you as I walked out the door but I wasn't sure!! Haha!!
This vegan broccoli leek soup is missing something. Let's put cheese in it!
then get over here fuck the party or pick me up u.u
Sorry. I was trying to find the email of the current EIC and you came up high in a google search.
:o) glad you liked the song.
But if you're over age twenty-one, your life is what you're making of it
i can tell when is doin da dirty because i get played back in scramble with friends mwahah
oh yeah
ha yea that's her. Funny how many ppl see her and know its my lil sis.
I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together
you good?
More men die of jealousy than of cancer. ~ Joseph P. Kennedy
Yes, but was fun party hopping with you in SF. Next weekend, it's Meatpocalypse time!
nice one:-)
Just chill out! Everything's gonna be alright! (^_^)
what's crackn lady
Bay Circuit Trail (BCT) planning is going well. Just met with Allan French BCT Chair & Trustees of Reservations - our project partners.
straight up
lmao yeah ok :P
please follow she is you biggest fan!93
Cheers, D.! Enjoy every second of it :)
The DMIT crew's eyes are fuzzy from computer screens! #Optometrists in #SanDiego, we're looking at YOU to run a deal! DM me if interested.
haha, I'll be 18 when I graduate:P
Only got 4 hours but I ain't trippin, cause I get to go to sleep early tonite #:)
not my fault you can't walk worth shit!
Star Battles
i just wish he would say 'im sorry babe, please forgive me' but i guess it doesnt work like that..
SCT Study Away will be in Mitten Hall today and tomorrow from 1-5pm for TempleFest! :) Stop by for a chance to win 50 FREE Diamond Dollars!!
#GamerPickupLines do you play world of Warcraft because you made me say wow
Our last tweet was brought to you by New album in stores now!
have some mens health.... where do i send them?
I just updated my gear! I think I will be able tweet better!!! Aside from nausea, it's a good Monday!
Thank you for the Retweet!
Welp might not go to the 99 after all... Shidd idk what im gonna do.
shut up!
Thanks for the RT!
I wish they'd have concentrated more on the games themselves.
6 months ago...I last updated my twitter! Wow!
Don't give up on that song idea. It'll work if you stay with it.
As a product of the 80's I found it difficult not to giggle when teaching Bauhaus furniture & explaining benefits of tubular steel
You too! Just checked out Poker Girls, excellent job!
My mom and dad were gonna let me register for HilltopHigh late but today my verification papers from Otay came.. Bye bye hilltop :(
Can't book my trip home 4 xmas - site keeps crashing, voice prompts don't wk at 1-800# & I'm waiting 30min+ 2 talk 2 a rep :(
In the horribly ugly, brutal NHL playoffs, this was a clean and great series. Still ... Grrr.
great. thank you.
They keep adding And.... -__-
How can wartime tactics of interrogation be scrutinized under civilian and criminal law? I was under the impression that wartime called for
Chicago: Your new gig could be with us. Come to our open call tomorrow 9am – 1pm @ 2711 N Clark Street Chicago, IL. Hiring for all positions
Awesome! I'm so glad it was a hit. Don't know if you've used any of my curriculum yet but it's fun.
Do not fear death, but rather the unlived life. You don't have to live forever. You just have to live.
I hate when I tell people something and they don't listen and what i said will happen happens. Especially when they asked for my opinion
look these anti melo fans are crazy. When has he been on the better team 5678. Seeds don't win too often in 1st rd
shit they tryna throw 8 at a nigga but u tryna shot for that 2 and proll the rest out so u did a year in county time so thats like 5 month
#ManRules ....well you should know them by now right?
'Undesirable Elements' is a mixture of social change, journalism and theater.
Tiffany's house today (:
Stay warm, go Badgers!
I think it's just because I got on his Facebook and made a couple comments acting like him as a joke. Lol
Gettin excited for the 2012 PGA season opener tmrw! I have a feeling that is gonna have a great year! Good luck DJ!
suck a dick
Does this text really mean anything ...
yeah I'm here now
It's a red letter day. And those red letters are: F U
I got a real living room now, studio station, stripper lounge, I just need pictures now
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable--Donald Trump
Thanks for the follow Shannon!
;D so whats up?
Don't forget we are closed for a private event tonite.
Hi , is the "State of Culture Report" available somewhere?
Mother Jones is great. And I've been very well! Hope you've been, too.
i think u need to come to kalahari with me
Heading back home to Atlanta. Miss my awesome son & beautiful daughter in law. Oh yeah and my big ole german shepard, Nana!
would like to see that too, by the way...
Play me, please. KyleCasey1
I want risotto!
i dont think so :/
YOU AL, GO FOLLOW THEM :DD GO NOOOWW oh and on fb c:
Won my first week of Fantasy Football... Thanks #TomBrady!
Planning ahead for the #4thofJuly? We have just what you need to show your red, white, and blue spirit! You ready for some fireworks?
Ugh. This makes me sad. Did you catch his DJ set at The Whistler awhile back?
Fine self..
Saved by the radio! #BTFU !!
Or was it Joni Mitchell?
What makes you happy during the holiday season?
no he's not D; and he lives in aurora!
Son of a bitch there I go again
Taught me its important to fight for yourself, for others. Fought Drs., hospitals, admins, still does. Guess thats where I got it.
Ventura Co jazz fans follow.
WI residents have repeatedly asked you to do yours too! BTW, threatening to cause violence in WI streets is immoral.
sunday brunch? My flight isnt until 5pm
love you!
loved that commercial
Aww thanks! <3333 I just took a small leave so i can finish this cleanse.
Laundry is the process of living days with mental anguish towards a pile of fabric, usually resolved by paying a wetting robot.
(coast)er
Best night ever *all smiles* I cooked my man dinner and we enjoyed each other <3
I hate LaLa ask her 2 lesbian friends advise about her marriage
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The Man With One Red Vagina
That night we pulled over to watch the 2am fireworks bc it perfectly matched how we felt.
Flying back to LA on and is on my flight.
Go for it, Julie. Best of luck. And hard work, of course.
I love your hair
CNN story quote: 'being from Oklahoma I never experienced anything since last year.' what?
Funny! POTUS pool report: "It would be cool place for chase scene for the climax of a movie thriller."
yup! Our team is kicking butt and taking names
Very invigorating! Enjoyed #ideachats today (& always)!
gsmpropertiesllc www.plugintogreenprofits.com/?id=3006 On how to get your $135 this is no joke, fyi
Okay, and so I'm guessing everyone knows I LOVE Rachel but of was filling in and was AMAZING! T/Y !
On my way home, #workflow is over.
Miss you!
Nothing like having random old lady say to me, "Girls won't like your beard; it scratches their face up. Used to happen to me all the time."
haha cuz, its good shit to know, spread the wealth of sexual knowledge!!!
mos def man, you got a website or something with more of your music?
My phone on that stupid shit so if yhu wanna fuck with me hmu on Facebook or twitter
you are so hip. Grantland Rice would be so proud.
Peeps hate on Drake coz he's hot right now, that's what haters do ! x
Aye u look gud from a far...but up close....u far from good....
Dach Need to find healthy ways to eat without it costing more. Need to make it easy.
Rice park hours are on our website! winter-carnival.com A lot of melting happened the past few days
if im louder, would you see me?
Wow I can't believe Jonathan Quick let in a goal from center ice.
I thought they do cumulative market shares, no?
White castle by my house now caters. Who's trying to give diarrhea away at board meetings?
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
At writing about natural disasters workshop at #TFOB. Excited to hear Timothy Egan.
I'm so so confused! lol
Umm, interesting use of the term "sexier".
there's no way I'm getting my grades us by the end of the year....
Rule #1, no politics on SB. Plus seriously reckless ad RT Hoekstra Superbowl TV ad in MI Senate race really, really dumb.
#EmployeeBenefits-Linton & Assoc. offer a variety of product lines with an array of carriers. Call (505) 247-1530 for additional info.
It's amazing that the people here believe in me! They see my potential already!! :)
Ready for the #CCAM12. Exciting year for Cbus. Much to celebrate & lots more to do.
Good looking out on the #FF!
Just Because ONE Thing Doesnt Go The Way You Wanted It To Doesn't Mean Its The End Of The World!
you wanna get real aggressive ATB is at the mid tomorrow
Very enjoyable 5 mile run on the soft horse trails with a friend.
In the Republican Pledge of Allegiance, they leave off the "with liberty and justice for all" part.
If you do wx, you should toss to yourself. "Jason Newton has our forecast. What's it look like, Jason? Well Jason, it looks.."
Thanks goodness for Taj Gibson!!
Join our ADAPT Shamrock Run team and save $5 on registration. Just add team 9123 when you register. More info to follow.....
Just found THE best gift for my niece
1:54-1:58 was that girl on America's Got Talent or some other show i remember her from somwhere?
Wowza - great day today. Thanks to all the Casting Directors who've posted notices with us today!
In the school's fancy-ass theater watching West Side Story with my students. All that brown face makes it perfect for Halloween.
Can't wait!!
Dayton wants jobs bill and bonding bill passed this session to get Minnesota's unemployed workers back on the job.
School is so boring!
Energy and imagination are the springboards to wealth creation. ~ Brian Tracy
People are people and sometimes it doesn't work out.
Hanging in for and but I'm sleepy
Get your WinterFest pre sales tickets from our friends in Watch Me Dream. 2 days for $20! Contact jesse: myspace.com/jonathondavis5991
I NEED A GIRL TO TREAT ME RITE AND DONT LISTEN TO THE OTHER BITCHS
Thanks for the follow Jenny!
Fennimore leading 3-0 in top of the second at Mineral Point. Two walks and a pair of errors in the inning.
Yes! Please do :) I've never been to Utah but have heard it's beautiful. I'm psyched!
Did you jog to the session?
Wow those Gramattica brothers are looking in regular season condition....LMAO
why do you both love me so much?
Reading results of the survey did 2 understand needs of MCN museum tech community. TY to those who participated & provided info.
enjoying your session and would like to get more info on HipCricket!
I'm So Tired From School Today I'm Thinking of Hitting The Bed Early
The word "pasta" comes from the Italian word for paste, meaning a combination of flour & water.
where do you like to workout?
What kind of a God would allow my dick to go unsucked this long and also famine I guess?!
Thiss beat sweet!
whats a tweet limit
u the one telling tales
good morning love!
Stuff blows up.
I Hope Everyone's Day Is Going Well <3
YUM! RT : Props to for getting a spiked milkshake shot at for dessert.
Oh. I feel so dumb. We caught Gandalf! Awesome job guys.
I agree. The eye level/angle going from curve ball to a high fastball is darn near impossible to adjust to when coming in at 97
2 bike rides, 10 miles, lots of weights, a bajillion crunches, 1 boxing workout, and 2 torn hamstrings later i'm ready for friday
RT : Happy Birthday, John!!>>>>Thank you SO much! Hope all is well!
great to meet the crew at #FoodTruckFriday looking forward to the next one!
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak, and nobody knows why, not even her. She just can't let go...
ig ill go to church tomorrow ....
French toast is my favorite foreign toast
i'm sad that i haven't gotten my #imagineRIT iris photo yet! i wish i'd grabbed a snapshot of it with my phone!
I wanna put my ear to ya chest boy.
#Thanks to our
June 23rd in DC for video shoot for "Dip It Pop" stay tuned for details!!!
smoke a blunt
I remember when you did that! Time flies.
okay so when u do come with the band let me know
did just throw a tuba in the air?
I just realized that you can blame #SMASH for your vegetable knowledge. lol
Exodus 20:12 says to honor your father & mother, not to criticize them. Today's culture reflects the latter. Honor them today.
i hate you lol
embarrassed now to even say this, but I even placed a bet.
Thank you:)
Just finished great intv w/ Fred Martino for in Las Cruces-- we talked #jobs, #education and
Good Morning! WHat's up? (:
Happy New Year everyone!
Two things that don't go together pigeon poop and restaurants. vegaspressurewashing.com
#gwu Poet Sonia Sanchez is speaking/signing at Dorothy Betts Marvin Theatre @ 6pm TONIGHT. be there!!
Had dinner at Sam's (near ICA in boston) w/ he said his burger was in his top 20 EVER. mixed drinks were also excellent
Yes, proprioceptive exercises and strengthen stability muscles of ankle, knee, hip and even low back!
“: I sang I'll Be by Edwin McCain and Hollaback girl on Tuesday haha no judgement from me!” right on! Duet soon?
how YOU doing?
Had a brief Klout moment there. Just trying to understand it more.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 2
LET EM have it !
What's a good name for a fanpage on facebook? it's being made for (:
Hangin' with my good friends
And for my Friday evening entertainment I will be watching Les Misérables, the High School Edition.
These tissues are the bomb! They are cooling and feel like a silk pillow case durning a cold winter night on my face.
Everyday I'm shuffLIN MT : Guess this was Linevitable: jeremylinheygirl.tumblr.com
are you goin?
This is really a must win for Dallas. The series goes back to miami.
Hello world! Welcome to IamINC! The place where you can start taking achieving your goals seriously! Visit www.iaminc.biz
Thanks so much for the follow! Hope you are having a great day!
I've been strong, I've been weak, and I still miss you.
Good things happen in your life when you're ready for them. So if bad things happen to you, it's your fault.
Have fun!
Annie: 5 kills.
yeah I saw it last night. It was really good!
; CONGRATS ! *party balloons and confetti fall from the ceiling*
Thanks Deanna - great meeting you! Always good to run into another East-coaster, especially on the West coast:)
Ivan Rodriguez is a no-brainer for the Hall of Fame. Only question is whether or not he's a first-balloter.
#TABS RT : some people have jobs that require them to work early...
Happy Anniversary: 10 years ago this month, New Light Technologies, Inc. (NLT) was incorporated as an ongoing concern to provide informati…
Our common human hospitality longs to find room for those who are left out: Greg Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart
True dat but didnt u see the movie He hated caribbean night. Not sure how he would feel bout watermelon slush
I love my beautiful mother so much and I wish she has a happy
Bulls' Saddest Win Ever
It was carrotty.
Wtf?! I came down stairs and started acting all si k and I walked up to my mom and said I think Im--- Mom," Sick. Yea I read your tweets:/
Just watched mind fuck in Greek. Funny everytime. On hbo now!
New guy in the office kinda looks like you. It's weirding me out.
And some days it's like pulling fingernails.
Society for Standards Professionals is pleased to announce the new Executive Director, Mr. Mike Morrell
your going to kill it on the voice! I believe in you!! :D x
On an interesting new path for another adventure in teaching! Stay tuned!
OMG LOL RT : I'm fucking done. I quit Twitter & all social networks. Raven Symone is a Lesbian. Bye man.
Stan wars on twitter....... I don't care who you are doing it for ya'll look like fools either way
Are you making money on you blog? Good question for
Uh, Dunces? RT : Confederacy of Dances, John Otoole.. $3.99 for kindle
Where do non-ghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend?
Fuck Watson got fouled
Q3: Enjoy a Cherry Oatmeal Muffin for a breakfast or afternoon snack
I was making some tea, then started Dota 2 game, 40 mins l8r fire alarm goes off and tea kettle is going up in flames. Game lasted 60 mins.
Andrya in here singing play that funky music Lmao
P2V backup solutions coming soon...
THAT WAS FAB IM YELLING
Take your passion and make it happen.
REFILL SATURDAY PRE-MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION @ MARIOS DIS SAT* FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
give me your number and ill text you(; ?
Of course you should enter!
Afternoon delight #;)
Treat me how you wants to be treated! True fact
A fine brew weekend: brewed #AllHailAle No.18 (APA) yesterday, bottled No.17 (black IPA) today, drinking No.13 (Citra IPA) with curry dinner
Next time you're in the city, please let me & we'd greatly appreciate it c:
#dataSMT I think Ira is right. What do you think?
yah I can too but its nice to havd one
It's five days - so $7.50! Eeps! Thanks! :D
pretty sure it as the pharmacy not god for this one. It is not in the bible, you see.
Good luck with that - I congratulate you on the cause you're supporting but check out the redemption process as it may be broken.
drunk loving on replay shit go hard textin the producer aka my bae lol he makes me smile harder then I have in a long long time
' miss you <3
Pre Production on the live show continues...
Check out Magazine, Fashion Events Music & Sports updates. We're growing and we'll only get better soon
congratulations! what a wonderful opening.
PS loving the Stalin
!!!! RT : there's nothing in this world greater than a mothers love
No, but that's exactly how I'm going to use it now! It's the intro/informal title to Horace's Ode 2.14, about inevitable death
i really wish i could attend the celebration of life today. may what he contributed to this world live on forever. RIP Seau
Sometimes I feel like an ant that got lucky and just found a huge crumb! And sometimes I feel like I dropped that crumb Then I'm just an ant
Ok, finally got in :/
Tomorrow is payday again.! Ayee :D
Good morning!! Hope everyone's having a fantastic day!!
Spring break hours starting today til next Saturday! In shop and delivery from noon til midnight!
A question asked about what defensive changes they made on Blake, VDN goes on about Memphis' offense.
It is now. LOL.
Lol, so today at Walmart I saw a hot guy from school. I was like "dayummm, life is great."
Philanthropy would make sense to me, but I've been outside.
might as well get something cooking outside. more interesting than finishing taxes.
New shows added to the upcoming shows list. Ask any of us for details! Hope to see you there!
In the process of getting my hair re done. :)
Anybody ever been to #CLUBSTILETTOS in #CINCINNATI ?????
Well shes beautiful, nice, really cool, funny and my tbfflllll!(:
Agree! RT : I think if ANgelinas top of her dress came down a bit more I may have liked it more...
Tonight we have special guest , his friends, and our band leading worship. Join us in an hour!
#todayimwearing vintage blouse, cropped pants & open toed pumps!
I just want another kiss goodnight...<3
is there a way to pick up a scarf in the stadium?
Anybody that thinks Auburn could have even won the SEC last year without Cam needs only to turn on CBS right now. LSU 42 AU 3
oh Damn :O okayokay, we'll talk about all that later. ill call you later on today ! or tomorrow for sure !
": Fuck immature girls." often
I'm talking about late night practice, sat morning practices, away games, concussion, being traded. Some of these chicks aint built for this
i need a job so i can start getting more tattoos!!!
what a crazy afternoon
Boy, I'm glad Many didn't face him in the 7th.
“: Pizza. Now.” ok Garfield, we got you!
Over 62 years of age and looking to reduce monthly obligations? Call for a free consultation. (866) 910-8020 (Toll Free)
thank you!!
Hear how #MNUnited has used past year to build the largest grassroots campaign in MN history on w/ this morning
Today D&A has two of our most unique flavors out: Maple Bacon and White Chocolate Cinnamon Habanero! So stop in for a flavorful treat.
Decided on Designing and Building a Social Library Website.
": We're all in this together (;" WILDCATS! #getchaheadinthegame lol
That's really kind. Thanks for sharing that and keep passing the word.
I guess I can't trip bc I do the same thing
except that the courts always get involved in #mnredistricting so why would this time be any different?
Production of the Olds Motor Vehicle Company of Detroit did not begin until 1899.
What did you have? MT Grabbing dinner [near] Rockville. 1st time we've been to this location. Nice, large space.
I love it when I'm talking to someone on IM and waiting 5...10...20 minutes for a response.... yeah.... lovely conversation going on here
Just had an amazing experience at the Guideshop on Newbury St. Love the look & fit of the clothes. Opening 5/1, check it out!
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "The Giver" by Lois Lowry.
tomorrow we are making lamb chops!! #lamb chops #mint #apple #lamb #recipes #foodie #great food
I so need to sleep more! I'll check out your article!
why thank you :)
buzzed and dancing around the house, lol
see yo Chuck Norris faced ass had to take it to the next level lol
Anthony Bennett is my new baby daddy.
So today I completed 2 months of my lowcarb diet,I stepped on the scale and I can surely say,it feels great to be 30 pounds lighter.170lbs:)
It was strange to see the drops hitting the windshield.
DM I finally downloaded tweetdeck and u r my 1st twetee... Did u receive it?
Goodnight everyone, I love you all.
I'll have another for I'll Have Another..
So the Nets are actually moving to Brooklyn? Haha wtf
are you a member?
star wars sheets don't have to be a requirement
He won the Heisman before the season began. As long as he doesn't have any horrible games, he will win it.
how many more ya need? Ill put your name on em and leave rm at will call so we still get credit for the sale
Alright, alright, #cherryjuice is packed with #antioxidants and #vitaminA. Both in which are very beneficial to #healthy #skin!
I used to not be one myself but since I possessed a major twitter addiction back in Oct of 2010 when I first (con)
I'm on mine just using wi-fi... Theater?!?!??
I like your profile background photo!
It is because of that I know of check him out Missoula friends 11-4-11 at the Wilma! Amazing ya'll!
Need a graphic designer, business cards, website, or logo? Why are you still searching? www.stardesignsa.com Let us help you!
Damn!! Cotto needs to catch him with one power shot to the right of his jaw...if this goes to the cards... Mayweather wins bet!
They call this guy Bruce Leroy but he looks more like Dwayne from What's Happening!!
Impromptu family dance party to Footloose FTW!
Stack of hundreds, bunch of fifties.
Ohh hekk yes, ready to goo back!
I've been chain smoking like crazy. Can't feel my tongue anymore
"Justin And Beliebers Are Meant To Be Together forever
When's the next Tweet up?
could be gladiolas? or are definitely galdiolas! clearly botany is not my strong point.
ALL HILL NIGGAS IS BLACK AS HELL !!! ONLY LIGHTSKIN NIGGA I KNO IS WU TANG
LoL... You must be missing some football too!
Tasted '11 Vin Gris de Cigare (tank sample) today to make notes. Amazingly food-friendly; release early Feb. Hello, world.
RT : MVP award was out of tradition handed out before ROY award because Kyrie Irving was in Bahamas. But he's returning today.
You are what you eat. Eat something sexy (;
Lets do this
r u here in London?
« What's next for tomorrow, they gne fly a plane into Craigmont....»
. Thank you for the follow. Hope you'll use twitter for more than listing menu items. Become the Torta thought leader :)
Fried Oreos :) did you guys ever try it before ?
Talking to my study teacher about loufers..
Because it's favorite past time... That's a good enough reason
Tony, thanks very much. Jack, Peter, Liz and Mom thank you too.
“Découvrir” (discover) your “caché” (hidden) talents
The second time in a different state in the SAME month that Obama likes to follow me & shut down everything where it stalls my schedule!
That would be great. But own projects haven't launched yet; am I the person you need? (tho I feel confident I can nail it)
Love is being stupid together.
none of my friends know i have a twitter..&& im glad !
Now there's an understatement!
I am enjoying a three day weekend.
His beath! You smell like karen stank ass vagina juice!
you should have come over fool.,,,,,,
well said Barbara!
Nothing much You.?
:D RT : Chatting with friends about our study abroad experiences. So funny.
want a FREE slice & drink???? bring us pictures/maps/license plates/etc. of NEW YORK for us to hang on our wall!
Oh my. Blues (and blues inspired) music shakes me to my core
Rock climbing at red river gorge! Freedom!
Finished presenting. Hope we impressed the judges
First up, Ed Helms and his Lonesome Trio (Tree-o?).
if it switches screens on you, blow into the little track light (bottom middle), any dust in there can cause it to act up
why?! What happened to Austin?!
Eating the hottest green chile on planet earth...even milk isn't helping!!!
Ah, I figured you'd just lost the binder.
that sounds like a super awesome time
It's probably me from my living room
tried everything and still something missing from them all. has been best bet for me so far for contacts + relationships
about to eat then watch the bulls game
Follow us & get 10% off your 1st class! Open House Sat. Sept 17th! Yoga, Studio Cross Fit, Zumba, Belly Dancing www.superimpactfitness.com
u be safe homeboy.
": Flirt with me... I flirt back ;)"...lol dis seem like a trap
Ok, I just realized that Craig Wedren is the former frontman of Shudder to Think. What planet have I been on?
buying an iPad...what should my engraving say on the back?
What are you going to do for yourself today?
Bout to watch The Avengers!!
you dont want none, sometime soon tho takin u down
This rain sounds sick
glad you liked the video! It's called rum and coca cola by Les Shelleys. Found it on the Vimeo Music Store.
We're looking for 4 bay area food trucks, restaurants, bars, or other business for us to do an at cost marketing video for. contact us/email
Finally layin down ; bed time !
Life could be worse! Have fun in Italy and leave work behind you.
Tweet An interesting talk on how to integrate psychology into more logical thinking by Sutherland of OgilvyOne.
haha having 3 twitters makes me feel schizophrenic sometimes
Love is gonna save us
June 29,Section 3,Row L seat 101&102 #1DTOURUSA If each of you were a Disney princess who would be and why?-Madison & Abby
Staying positive is the first step to success
sitting wondering what ima wear tomorrow i might wear gray maybe black or yellow idk but facebook starting to mes up again
You are welcome! I hope I have enough cash to go on a nice shopping spree!
All I wanna do is watch Army Wives.
One more day to go on this promotion. Get a free Carne Adovada Sandwich. Its simple, just mention CA10 when you order.
Sweet Tweet RTs look who else caught the positive social bug "They don't need no cure": and
It don't make money it don't make sense
We cant change the world unless we change ourselves..
seriously, though, I'd love to test it out on some artifacts. Might present some challenges getting them to stand upright.
Ok....I miss Whitney Houston! Who's with me?
Tacos for dinner!!!
is running out of the rain, fretting over an ex, drinking doctor pepper, falling into lust, listening to thunder...
drive safe! From your FLORIDA PTA supporter and partner!
To all the folks who bash their center cities - you can't be a suburb of nothing.
Now that I got you in the bed I'm gon pull yo hair snatch yo ass up by the head I'm gon pull yo hair
SBB loves the Peach Blossom Stroller. It's a single stroller that converts to a double at 6 months old and both seats recline.
its been a long time
It was 1046 players in the main event of the Norwegian Championship this year. Solid new record! We are now 70 players left.
- Yes, please! Email me at . I'd love to get tea soon. :)
Packers select Nick Perry lb . Minnesota treated with Baltimore. Ravens are on the clock
i think all forms leave the users 'crispy' ... that stuff is brutal
"Kill Whitey!"
I would like to share an event with you on April 21
Hi F All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Females Be Acting Like A Nigga Won't Hit Em If They Hit Them These Days. Step Into Reality Bitch Niggas Will Retaliate.
I want a hug.
of course I saw the fambam :)
Attended a screening of 's documentary last evening in Georgetown. Lots of supporters attended to learn more about it.
#dsoc your intrepid board on the case, but taking longer to get up a full head of steam, late nights and networking taking toll tues morn
Go with Tiger Woody! RT #BreakingNews Tiger Woods has retired from golf to pursue a porn career...Tho he will keep his name.
will do;)
#GolfChannel What about The Most interesting man in #Golf Miguel Angel Jimenez to win ? Woman love him & men want to be him.
hmm, maybe. Probably not but I'm blanking, ha.
Told I was a 6th grader and she believed me <U+E412>
Well, yes, DH leans strongly towards lit; but we should be aware that we are not entering terra incognita, a New World
a cop pulled me over. i let him off with a warning
Wanna peep some good music for FREE? Search "D-Maub" on #pandora and enjoy!
Joined twitter just in time to make snarky comments during sessions at #iappsummit!
- check out these wonderful artists.
love blue in that game!! Va Tech are frauds!!!
Cohen: AAS fellowships, public programs, publications foster vibrant face-to-face community; this is important.
DU is in a tight battle with WKU trying to make their way to the SBC Final. DU has never made the NCAA Tourney,Goodluck
Le Peep thanks the IUPUI Women's Softball team for holding their Dine2Donate fundraiser @ Le Peep Downtown. Happy to support the Lady Jags!
And speaking of said database, I am so woefully behind in data entry I don't even feel like doing it anymore. :(
Good Friday... When Altos and Basses finally get some solo singing time :)
your million will be safe
Hey, did you have fun last night?
Great new restaurant in Babylon Village, NY Monsoon...Pulse magazine party there tonight. Great crowd, great food. Check it out!
": now u know iAint bout 2 be nobody's nurse.... Doctor maybe!" **EVEN FUCKIN BETTER!!!
Love teaching at NYFA and am surprised at how good the tweens and teens are at comedy and Improvisation!
I'm very upset one can't find Pagan holiday cards at stores or Hallmarks, what with #Eostre coming after the full moon.
MT : If Chris Davis can close this out, he'll be 1st AL position player to win a game as a pitcher since Rocky Colavito in 1968
Sony Customer service stinks….Why Can't they make a decent product anymore? Anyone else having issues with Sony quality?
Yes Help ok
As Miss Teen GB International, I recommend for all your bling needs! From stage bling to everyday bling! They have it all!
almost brought my blanket to work. its warmer down here than in my room.
traveling for work
My condolences go out to Killa Mike and his family.
Good Morning My Beautiful friends and Good day ahead of you. I see a week filled with love and adventure. This is a perfect life. Love love
you wanna be a guest writer on my blog in Rome? We can have a whole section titled "Shit Joey said in Rome"
hahahahahahahh #hives n'
I love talking to him...he makes it all the more better :)
Something good is going to happen this week...I know it !!
If revenge is a dish best served cold, and revenge is sweet. Does that mean revenge is Ice Cream?
Weirdest person I ever sat next too
Thanks for following us! Look forward to working with you!
my ears, my ears, my ears are on fire
Wonderful story about Artist who has been commissioned by Easter Seals to paint the Team Hoyt portrait....
Thursday, Dec 8th at Smoke Jazz Club in NYC.
Good night moon.
Just need to no what that pussy like just one time that's fine wit me
Video game music remixes. Everyone should check out ocremix page
text me bruh
Coffee has kicked my nerves into Mach 3, and the presentation is 19 days away. OMG starting a countdown doesn't help!
For #DLDay, we're releasing some early findings from Speak Up 2011. Look for the first full report in April!
what would I do without you...so sweet. Ill def. ACE mineNow! :)
beautiful profile pic!!!
WOW something HAS to be done about the student loan situation.. another story this morning of students screwed by pvt loans. i.e. Sallie Mae
Tonight we've got cajun blackened fish tacos on the menu for $10!
Bin Hammam quits FIFA election before hearing.
You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost, and realize what you have now is way better than before...
Seen project
Mucho mango & a bag of hot fries. Nku bound.
Want to volunteer on Sunday? Meet at HQ at 12:30 pm to canvass. Want more info? Come visit our booth at jazz & rib fest all day Sunday.
NO! Mexican Coke is Coca Cola that is imported from Mexico. It comes in glass bottles of sugar cane goodness!
WORST SURGERY EVER.
The question to ask isn't whether this is legit in a capitalist economy but is this what America represents morally.
Eating leftovers for lunch. This is groundbreaking. I never eat leftovers. Felt compelled to share this info.
Oh RT : My last tweet wasn't baseball related either
Ik I can't stop listening to the song or watching the movie :)
how can I get the July/Aug issue "Big Guns of Texas"?
cheese or peperoni?
No questions, just hoping you will clarify details like "From September's 10 different boxes" - more honest marketing.
"Ditto" sweet mama! Have a great day!!:-)
I will never use afrin again... I can breath but I can't sleep because my entire nose reeks of peppermint!
There are times when you have to build the airplane while you are flying. And I am really good at that! Hire me!
U all talking going to win a championship u have to make the tournament first oh u talking NIT lol
And for all hood cats..Ed hardy jeans are NOT 4 U in 2012.If you got skeleton heads on your jean back pockets,take that bullshit off lol
really doesn't see the point in writing a 300 word essay just to change my major from professional to technical...
none. Underage
de nada mi amigo
are you still there :o or are you creepin' (; ?
We're also X-cited for the sold-out event this Sun 5/6 being held at ! Congrats on your 1st ever #TEDx event!
will be volunteering at on March 4th! It's our pleasure to serve the community
The obvious damage in a fire is from the burned items. A small fire can mean a lot of smoke, which can spread far and wide in your home.
new website launches June 4th - can't wait for your feedback! In the meantime, I'm having a beer in honor of Miss Highbrow ;)
aw omg :((( poor baby did yu bring him to the vet?
are you guys going to post a pic up of me & mock me for not getting my books on time?
she used to love tx She never didnt want to leave and when she did she wanted to come back.
Watching the Singing bee, I like country music do not judge me
Yep, told them 2 keep going, they said 2 tired, they snuck off thinking no one would notice until 2012
Signed up for this Thursday's event but can't make it? No problem! Just let us know by email: contact at refresh-dc dot org.
I use eyeliner only for the most part. But lately, I've been too lazy. x.x;; But this weekend, I had my makeup artist. xDD
#FF "more lovely and more temperate"
4 days until Christmas?!
I'm off!!!b racing home to see the #Indians game is it still on?!?!?
Students: Sorry but I need to cancel retakes for tomorrow. I will add Tuesday nxt week as an option if you'd like.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks same to y'all
Hm...and I was just starting to think you were a good person!...lol
Thanks everyone for participating in our multiple-choice question yesterday. Most ppl answered Refferals from Friends or Family.
that's the second best kind!!!!
End of this last week was Jewish holiday of Purim, thought lot about truth of "for such a time as this" same now as thousands of years ago
Watching Celebrity Rehab. I love, love, love
clearly not my bio. I got severe writers block after I wrote I.
Good morning to everyone! Blessed to wake up another day.
In time buddy!!
I'm at the East Aurora for their annual Rotary fun run. Beautiful day for campaigning. Get some!
Glad ya like!
thank you boo!!
Corvin Lamb is going to surprise some folks this year. Nobody is talking about him right now but they will be.
this year, choose different :) My plan is Wordcamp Seattle on may 19th, and Cheese Festival on May 20th.
thats so true... but there's a lot of denial, too. "It really isn't in there" which surprises me.
No more nipple to nipple hugs? I can't stand the Sam Swope ad. "I saved $226!!!!!!!!"
sleepover or something this weekend?0.o
i would like all the veterans on twitter to be my friends
i totally thought about coming and saying hey, but yfc was about to play!
Don't pay your customers to review you - the good service will let it come out of them voluntarily!
It smells like bacon in the hallway
Why does it take a tweet or a Facebook status to know that someone is alive?
Nice ride into work today, just the 1 obligatory dice with death..TU Dodge minivan for seriously elevating my heart rate
Hi! We make pizza. You love pizza. Were Anna and Giuliana.
Instagram can suck my dickm.. follow my other twitter I'm off dis..
My guy #1000 RT : S/o my nigga just cause i fuck with her tuff....
We are here at Stoddard Baptist Home, one our amazing members, working with the elderly for a painting event!
yes, yes that was a stupid video. "Positive" way to kill time. Love
Running my last show ever. Come see my friends pack out and kill it tonight!
Pretty funny this morning ., saying that law against converting assets is proof that it doesn't happen...hilarious
New to Twitter
I had the weirdest dream !
Congratulations to the new president of France M francois holland
This dude was trippin on the txt he sent me
<3 Freedom, Beauty, Truth & Love <3
Absolutely! My first was "A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur's Court" in Kindergarden.
ctfu . the next time he write me im loggin off . i swear the lst para' he sent was 120 words .! >=O !
I bought that with my own money and told them not to drink it. They're paying me for that can too. Don't touch my shit
all day
GIGANTIC thank you to everyone who came to our Movember party last night! We had an AMAZING turnout & raised a TON of $! Thank you SO much!
It's worked wonders for me. ;)
lol how have you been?
McKenzie: Smart media open new space for thought mixing together two machines: spectacle and ideation machines.
Chipper is sure fire, 1st ballot hall of famer, 2nd best switch hitter of all time, top 3 third baseman of all time, no question
I sat behind a few at the ceremony! ;)
boo. We're comin to Bismark on the 18th though. When you comin back to the cities? - Cher
Count your blessings not your problems...
I feel miserable #ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
lol this bucket gonna text me and ask me do i miss her??? bitch you a hoe what imma miss you for?
You ain't about this liiiffee
Thanks for picking up our press release about the partnership with
I just finished a 4.20 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
that's never good
Tweet n deck back on deck
But remember, its your suicide; Have fun with it. :-)
I just saw Unknown Hinson out of costume earlier today, kinda like seeing Santa without the beard on in the food court when I was a kid
Thank God that speech is over. Talk about horrible timing
Ah, that Monday overwhelmed need to maintain sanity feeling. Made worse by the sugar rush of a bad cupcake.
"Got my keys, got my wallet, got my hot sauce"... Can't wait to experience #cascabel tonight at
Obsessed with Ave's "No One" video. Nbd. Only been replaying it all weekend.
Aww, Super Villian with a heart of gold! That is kind of you. P.S. I swear I didn't mean to kill Metro Man!
ur ass smells like garbage!!!
thanks for the follow! :)
Thanks to for stopping by Signature Cigars today. Stop by Thursday Dec 8th from 3pm to 8pm to meet Carmelo at the DC shop.
Yeah I have no idea with this guy... Maybe they were going to start up a beast porn site...
“Sometimes life is merely a matter of coffee and whatever intimacy a cup of coffee affords.” <U+2015> Richard Brautigan
Reading 'The Quickening Maze' by Adam Foulds with pleasure.
and I'm missing it? back tomorrow
Laundry day and flyers today
"Ubuntu" = "I Am Because We Are" (southern #Africa concept)
#TheLordIs... sweeter than the honey & the honeycomb! #BeGreat!
3 1/2 days until it's over... i'm starting to think I might miss them. :P
Someone text me :x
RT : The Occupy Madison group is displaying a new sign at its E. Wash camp: "Recall Soglin."
great to see you guys back in Chicago Friday night! Living with Lupus sucks but your songs have always made things easier!
Love that song, although inserting "jack" to set up that rhyme has to be one of the great lyrical punts...
They say he wants to be loaned out to another club. Which he probably should be. He's getting some minutes, but not enough.
My resolve crumbled...I finally have a Twitter account
To err is human. To admit it, even more so!
great. look forward to its return
Hey everyone! We're selling more sweatshirts (we got more smalls!) in Kimmel at the top of the staircase until 1pm today!
call me
$4.5 Million was paid out by Wal-Mart and Sam's Club because staff was misclassified between 2004 and 2007. The Wall Street Journal
You sounded pretty damn sweet last night, your dankness. Thanks for the show
energy equals mass times the speed (or velocity) of light squared (I think).
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!:)
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law.
This friday April 27th its going down at The Toc Bar
Yes, she also gave me a T-shirt. :)
Yes...I just resorted to bribery. Take one bit of sandwhich and I will give you a piggyback ride around the house. I'm so ashamed!
That beat is #knockin I can see Drag on all over that.
Bring on leehi!
Haven't heard that piece, Trashcan Sinatras should be more famous.
Sleeper Alert: if A. Roberts can hold off E. Doucet he will have a great opportunity to produce opposite of Fitz...
re:Stepbrothers the movie :D
Historical records say: born 23rd and died 20th. Judith Shakespeare Co is al about this. Hence, our Shakespeareathon
GOP embracing their role as the party of no (in the sack)
afternoon everyone stop by and see all the great deals we have including all the new trends and name brand that we have just for you.
Dylan lyrics: thinking: "...so much older then, younger than that now" & "..." don't need 2 be weatherman to know which way the wind blows"
Only two things are infinite, universe & human stupidity, & I'm not sure about the former Einstein Must have been talking about Rush
It'll never take over as titletown USA.....that'll always be Green Bay!!!!!!!!
Can I take the Volu Gro w my post workout whey protein shake?
Ig this bitch wants to say I got hoed bitch for the longest niggas used to ride your ass out for wearing the same jeans everday so fuck you!
Thanks for 400 followers!!! :D
Mason Williams and Gary Sanchez back in the lineup for Low-A Charleston today. Still not sure why they missed those few games.
1-0 #Tribe, man the indians are playing a MUCH better brand of baseball this year. How many wins do u think they get this year?
...but I doubt they will. /:
so drained lol I'm in bed wbu?
#SinTax Marijuana will be legal in the United States in 5 years because Republicans can't raise taxes but love their Big Wars. The irony..,
I enjoyed your Sugar tribute, but he was 75. There was a kerfuffle about it yesterday, and many places got it wrong at first.
So like I hella can't go to sleep smh the one day I can sleep in nd my body wants to fuck wit me
I wouldn't call it sneaking.
How's everyone's day going so far? #TacoTuesday #TipsyTuesday whatever you call it, all we have on our mind is #Bartab & #Tacos nom nom nom
you are welcome :) how about a follow back ?
If you thought #lifewaseasierbefore... It could be that way again. We are about to change the world and we want YOU to be part of it.
how fun! I need to visit. Do you like it there? How is school?
Can I get a mention or DM..
My 3 year old son favorites song is ace hood & Jeremih "love somebody" lol
I could maybe brighten your day (; lol I wish..
Q9: How can I stimulate consistent #business growth?
Most food trucks are an over-priced let-down.
RT : I hella appreciate men that care about their community and actually do the work. They just don't tweet about it!!
JUST SAW 140+ PUBLIC ART PROPOSALS. CAN I CRY NOW?
You know what i need, want you to see everything. Want you to see all of the lights!
haha - the floor is drying! Wednesday friend :) RT: Is your Division store open yet?? Please? Quit teasing us!
Stacy Dash!!
More Doc on Allen (2 of 2): Wanting to play is one thing, being able to is another. We'll see. (Reading b/w the lines, Ray's a long shot.)
Ditto. When will it be uploaded?
Would you believe, with all the options, I still use a spiral notebook. I go back to it...it suits me best, most flexible!
If you haven't yet, check out Great cause and always reppin at the best shows!!!
Hi Lacy, you know they are just lining up to come in at 3:30am to anchor two and a half hours of news.
Loving Planning on buying a pair of custom made jeans asap!
The 'La Quinta' hotel franchise often works with local law enforcement in cities throughout the US in vice sting operations.
When there isn't a show on my horizon I get anxious. Come back to SF? Wish I could get to Copenhagen.
I want you this year :)
they got a puppy together?... when is the wedding?
#teaparty please just stop.. you are no longer relevant
You can rough me up, you can tear me down, baby don't stop now.
can't wait to bring GAIN to #Android! Need to get it right on iPhone first. AND we're now looking for an #Android developer.
Last day of #FILEX2012 & ppl!! Get involved!! Awesome discounts on shoes, boxing gear, everything, go get it!!
Fix your Tickets,Duis or Warrants we will save you Money !!!!!!!!!! on eBay Classif
wanted to introduce my self looking for good realtor to work with
According to a 2008 study by the group CAL, Chinese was the only language, besides Spanish, that showed significant growth in US schools.
So #thehermancain has 8 honorary doctorate degrees. What's up with that???
Ok. Hope everything is fine and you feel better soon then.
uh you ratchet boy!
Just got a confirmation letter to be a presenter at the US. Dept ED #Artsed Project Directors’ Annual Meeting and Evaluation Workshop!
Just saw the space shuttle pass by the Hudson River. Had a perfect view of it!
WHO, I ask you, WHO would opt for the keyboard clicks to be on???? SO. ANNOYING.
baby I love u
I did
follow me? <3
O pie
I'm so sick of this finding out when I work two days before I do nonsense.
They just won't have Ron Paul stand on center stage.
Id have to think on it... What would you be offering? I do like him a lot as a super utility infielder.
Aint nothin wrong wit drunken hot girls! Am I right?
shout out to all my new followers
#robertsbad He is one of the baddest guys ever (: <U+2665>
ima throw up on you :)
last class of the day, why can't you just go home?
Also something I'd totally read.
Dean: VA's health care system most popular in US, also socialist
hey how you been?:)
Sittin down havin a great talk with You rock!
Approval neither desired or required.
"Throwing up never felt so joyful" - My daughter after tough soccer practice in brutal Texas heat - Guess she's got the "sickness" ;-)
Deciding which song to record next is pretty tough.
haha yea man im done with fb lol same shit every day
so are you! ;) MEOW
“: Happy early birthday to myself! Go Cards!” And me too! :)
thanks... In was in the 80's today! Nice!!
Not worth a billion to lessen football game day traffic.
Getting bad news<<
RT if Cody is on your mind 99% of the day.
Draw Something needs new words! You know what I'm drawing only by the head. cc:
well I mean for me it does but its still better than middle school obviously baha
<U+2668>A little too much chocolate is just about right.
It's dope people are suggesting songs for me to sample but the thing is I'm more into composing original materials.
A sequel to Republic Commando would be pretty cool, too.
cuz I don't have a answer
no reply. But swell, I'll be there!
RT My heart breaks every time someone unfollows me. Like bitch, am I not cool enough for you ..? :(
way to go!
do they still make the hairdresser mx5 cc ;-))
Let's work smart next time.
I think the glue that keeps us all together is remembering that, in the end, the person you're talking to might have a gun.
But she hasn't hosted right?..... why are we still tweeting then?
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. - Mother Teresa
hey , has 71 Billion RTB Impressions every month that accept expandable ads
here with the economic development table.
Today, we are living vicariously through all our YUMs! We're staying in + enjoying a quiet afternoon home.
#Shoutout to ---» !! Go follow her & get a #FollowBack !
Heading out to hang with Jenni's family!
Wow they're good
who do you think has the best predictions?
The traditional "Wrap-Em-Up" tackling technique leads directly to CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
on the way back to the A
have the best weekend! yay! Happy Friday from all of us !!!!!
MacBook.... And that's for Life
<3 I was going to put the videos on here but someone deleted them !
Ha! Thanks for finding the humor in it! I hope her teacher doesn't follow twitter...
kinetic sculpture is so fucking cool
Fridays are the best
The great end of life is not knowledge but action. Thomas H. Huxley
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 31
i need a courage scone today, !
I hope he's being good for you :) have fun!
well I gotta go, but go to kuksoolwon.com and you can check it all out
Hey that's us in that pic! We had a great time at the auction and it was a pleasure meeting you guys!
Most Wanted Crew Was The First One Saved ! ahh... so far so good babe ;D <3...
Good Eats my FAV show!!! RT : The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand. And I don't...
lol don't work to hard:-)
thanks! What about must have boating supplies or must haves for the rhino? What is a cool gift for boaters/outdoor life?
just came dangerously close to tackling a person that I thought was you outside college, had the gold shoes and everything
Thank you sir. I still also miss "Desipundit" btw.
Could be more disrespectful? Your reports make me watch the news.
good on you!!! that ain't easy!
So many kids on my flight to Disney World. And seems too small a conference to play "Spot the Llibrarian"
Yeah but who knows what Elway has up his sleeve lol but Peyton is a Rockies fan! And he is spending the night in Denver
First night out on the porch and just had to call in my first car-to-car drug deal
"Your name Amanda!?"
Atlanta? Or are you still in Arizona?
We keep hearing markets will be fine because of all the cash reserves companies have now. Cash disappears quickly when used to stay alive
Goodnight & Sweet Dreams.
Man being a mom=no words lol
Stupid iheartradio keeps stoping during my favorite songs
me to
Yah, is that awesome that she eats pizza before she performs!
HAIR of Desire FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR 2743d555
put the soda down, girlie!!
I don't know! I like the 9 pages I've read so far though.
Adam's voice, omg. Him performing is gonna make me cry like it always does.
Pissed my player won't load on 2k11!!
Get ya shit out of here Barnes ya punk rock Bitch
yuck, is that really necessary??
#ilovemyMother because i know when i need someone to talk she will always be there no matter what <3
alright my loves imma go to bed school tomorrow :/
so much fun with you and Scott. Thanks again for coming to the show. Love the ISES outing idea!
#Songstoplaywhilehavingsex Hit me with your best shot!
New hair color today
Updates coming later tonight! :D
i just need somebody to love
my holiday decorating style...?? well-loved handmedown heirlooms...!!
is kinda glad i didn't get my hopes up to finally see my godfather after 17 years..oh well i guess running a race is more important...
I really want what the Jawbone Up was supposed to be.
Taking her to shows soco, jm, iata <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> RT : Tweet at us your favorite music-related moments you shared with your mom! RT!
Love this guy's dedication to his idea. At least he's willing to put in what he can.
People who hurt others.
Been busy taking care of my baby and working, but even more busy just owning shit and staying awesome.
Instagram is my new favorite obsession! Glad it's now on android
MAKE HIM HIRE ME
can she do Thursday?
Keep hearing horror stories abt how bad ppl are treated ,but they still keep spending their money there!Help me unserstand that
Tired & Contracting.. 25 weeks down.. 13 to go.
"Duh, it's because my blood is awesome!" - "Your blood is pure alcohol!" -other people
my dude hosting the 84 WHAS call in show with tonight. Must. Listen. Radio.
Also, has anyone used Etsy on Sale for coupons? What if items are already reduced? How does it work?
Is anyone aware of an applied linear algebra book that uses R?
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 96
It WAS fab! MT It's been a busy few days: #WildWoolly was fabulous Sat+we're all getting excited for the #HHAwards tonight!
I want an italian sub from baldinos
This game is getting intense
Sex is not overrated,you're just not doing it right
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(
Is walker hurt? He's way more physical on defense and cannot possibly be worse than fields on offense.
These dudes are cracking me up
All major news agencies reporting #Gadaffi dead or captured but NTC officials here in #tripoli won't confirm.
Its not to late! Get out & have some fun at the Oceanside Harbor Days, today & tomorrow, 9am to 6pm with great food & fun. vipclubcard.com
Just got done helping move I got five Damn splinters in my hand n got a fd up wrist after we tetrisd that Dam couch thru the door
get black that would look sick plus with longhorn 6" stacks ! Lol
congrats on your pic being used on that summer teen jobs article. How often do your images get used?
Goodnight y'all!!!
Now that's excited! How has it been so far?
RT When nobody else was there, You were. When nobody else cared, You did. Thank you God.
- it's been far too long since ive seen it. Required viewing. ROOOOOOOOXAAAAAAANNNE!
Happy Thanksgiving, everbuddy!
St. Patty's Day less than 24 hours away! Better get some sustenance in your belly. Lucky for you, it's Wing Night at TK! 25c wings till 10pm
The Millionaire Next Door is a great book! Everyone should read it.
Thank you !
Off to the studio to do Stand In work today and tomorrow on the new Jim Carrey feature, Mr. Poppers Penguin....;-)
yea unfortunately it was.. we are just thankful shes ok
Hi Laine! ECAD weekend was productive, eventful! Saw great friends, met new folks from 'round the world, and ate duck tongue. LOL
Hey-yo! You should go into comedy RT : Flo long.....
this is what vacations are for. :( group travel.
at least 10 packages of ramen noodles
Taking off for the Twin Cities!! LA, it's been fun
y? Talk to me ma
wow I haven't updated on here in forever...hm
I need to find a good drop ship program for Music T-Shirts. U know any? I am going to surf ............oh its friday !!!
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. - Alan Alda
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare
Same here. I told this afternoon that I'm almost done with this round with no good games.
good call on the State Farm ads, spit on!
When you're sad, i get sad.. :c
Second punctured tire in 2 weeks. Same place on the road. Sigh. Time to clean up the road.
WHO WILL GO TO THE POOL WITH ME TOMORROW?!
who is this
This weather is definitely skip class weather in Athens.
Plan: book, towel, SPF, pool, iPod...
Somebody has to, Dave, somebody has to.
seriously. And all carbs are NOT created equal anyway.
childs is in Arkansas getting massages and hot tubbing (tweaked knee in practice Thursday)
this girl boyfriend be beating the hell out of her but she say it's ok cuz she love her mr.wrong.. y'all taking that song to that to serious
had this craving in feb. diesel hooked me up : Today's craving: brightly colored skinny jeans. I'm going to find some after work
Cant sleep so much on my mind lately mostly about my future and dreams/goals for myself
UGH .. not comforting for #Broncos fans RT : Brock Osweiler only the 4th Montana born QB to ever be drafted. The last one? Ryan Leaf
ha okay. When do u come home to see me
New York, what's up??
Wish I had cable so I could watch the #phillies tonight.
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Where Can I Get A CHEAP Airsoft Sniper Scopes For An M-14? airsoft :O
I thought you was in the hospital...
Follow tons of great bands in this hell hole city and they'll help ya keep up with them all.
For the videogame we have planned to make and then will start on that. Some poetry work this weekend and editing my childrens book. busy as
post-graduation weekend pleasure trip to see art in NYC with friends = yes
"We are far more liable to catch the vices than the virtues of our associates."
Moving suxx but sure the new loft will be worth it
Thank you very much! Never forget how much you matter. Jim
fuck yeah good for you! =D
Four loses are the third MOST in baseball.
Just watched 1 of my films on showtime. feels good to see it on screen. We never quit!
*Rapturous adoration* looks right
Hi Twitter...how are ya?
R.I.P My Nigga/Tattoo Man Russ!!
Damn, Mr. Popular over here xD
My laptop & iPhone battery died yesterday, sorry I didn't get to live tweet but new biz model looks very interesting! Best of luck!
Hahaok omg im so tired
. very creative guy. Fond memories as a kid reading WWTA.
Fresh, cool air; Sunlight-- Heading home from the hospital.
Agree!!! RT : Giants win, Blazers win, equals good night.
your not keeking as much :( why?
Pollo Tropical just opened down the street from me! Maduros, frijoles negros & taste of Miami, it's ON.
aw thanks loveen, im home saturday, straight to the stupid doctor on monday, feck it! =)
Happy Leap Day!
Thanks for tweeting about the twitter chat
Teddy has to win tonight, right?
Yup RT : The character Lieutenant Pinkerton in #MadamaButterfly is such a douche! 15 year old bride? Hello?
all those people with statuses about partying & haviing fuun all night. then theres me... sitting here... on twitter.
i loveE campbell's hair....
going to make things right...
we were promised jet packs. It's a great song
Are you a fellow alumnus, Kyle?
how was working with rebecca black?o-o
DJ's check out my remixes!! soundcloud.com/djerod
don't some already have *robotics* in the bedroom? ;) ha! Cute video.
I'm getting whiter everydaayy.....need summer sun D:
We're doing a clinic at Humber College this morning and then heading back home!
To all #myLearning users: the email re: "required learning" for Online/CBT was sent in error; please disregard.
This may be the hardest issue to deal with.
...and Gary Pinkel just called me and said he's "calling time out," because he's trying to "draw me offsides." I don't know what that means.
yow mi so tie
#BACK IT UP AND DEN DUMP IT! #HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 2 ALL OF THE BEAUTIFUL MOTHERS ACROSS THE WORLD! #WE GOIN GLOBAL #PG #LETS GO
Why fake hoes wanna be me
That would be a natural pairing
They give out racing bobbles every year. This year is bratwurst I think but I can see if we still have our old chorizo
RT : You might have to help someone who is having a hard time coping with it all. Be encouraged and assist where you can.
Happy birthday to First edition hit news stands130 years ago this week.
Haha Um alright
The students are part of an after-school program called Sin Fronteras and will write about their experience, says adult chaperone Lisa A ...
Happy Birthday to one of my bestest friends and roomate , hope you have great day and i love you poopy!!!!
and there's no way in hell ill be 3rd place, or get under 9 mins
Kiss Me without physical contact its!
... discussion ur arse :D "..DM: please don't re-tweet a question to me -- else I'll dlock you :D #candyAss #coward ;)
Once a month I get this "feeling" that makes me not really want to have kids in the future... This week has given me that feeling...lol -__-
Come on guys get us some 3 pointers! Let's go VCU Rams!!!!
Starting up a couple of new projects over here at LitFuse! It is good to be busy! Can't wait to show you what we are working on!
My phone died on my sister "/
yeah!I cant believe i was 1st in line at the mall..and Kendall wrote happy bday on the cd!I ask him hehe,but gtg school morning
Looking god'
"What the soul is to the body, so is the artist to his people." - Gabriela Mistral
It's #T tonight! Looking forward to hopefully seeing the wonderful and the talented
Room is just to loud n na I got a headache
Our Prom venue has been selected! Waiting on final approval from administration, and it will be announced!
DOUBLE DATE !
A great and sucessful day!!!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I think IU has a lot to be proud of. But UK deserves credit for hitting all 80 free throws they shot.
Yayy I love Christmas break!!! #finally;))
WHATS POPPIN' TONITE CHARLOTTE??? YOU MIGHT B ABLE TA FIND ME 2NITE!
I am swimming in a testosterone pool- there is arm wrestling.
Go badgers.
hi Sequoia, are you still accepting applications for ContentManager? I'm very interested! Thanks!
You just can't play with people's feelings.
Im working on a pitch for my new show called 'Found.' Its basically going to be 'The Kate & Sawyer Show'
#When I was little I loved Hey Arnold, Doug, Rugrats, and chef boyardee Ravioli
Hey do you remember me from Facebook remember I call you ChachiBear and you call me GummiBear :) <3
for bookings and photo shoot scheduling plz contact 347-445-7275 or
I'm on until 2pm. Tune in for your classic rock fix.
In Gtown with and 30 of my friends getting ready to watch Red Tails. Yes, there will be an afterparty!
they need to get the right ones that killed here the grandparents
it won't let me see it what is it?!
How to make spaghetti code worse? Add lots of meatball singletons
A big thank you to our fantastic patients! We are super proud of our 99% satisfaction rate, the highest in the area! Call us, 757-486-4880!
[film] the sound of pink shoes sleeping beside each other
Obama is the captain of our ship, and he has allowed it to run into AA+ iceberg...
If I get one more of these stupid dm's I'm going to flip!!!!!!!!
Apparently pop-punk doesnt exist....? Haha
if he can beat #Spartans, #TheOhioState, #Wisconsin, and
Today on radioactive
Thanks Lisa - I'm very excited!
Not during this sale! This is just for marketing services.
Watching the yanks do work against the red sox right now. gonna start putting together the website tonight make sure you guys keep in touch
On my way to #sdcyd to vote for Parent
My mom crazy me were planning to spend $100 in instead we SPENT $1000.... What a mom....we love u....
LOL, of course. RT : Soriano goes off the wall. You know, if that bat was just one more ounce heavier he hits that out.
Show up at my job n fuck me on my lunch break!!! Ijs!
Love the Gruden idea but he just signed a 4 year contract with ESPN.
The awkward moment you realize they were nice to you because they wanted something.
Thank you for the follow!
Pistachios and freelance work tonight
RT : I love that ur mom knows how to operate twitter. --Yes I'm in charge of twitter for NewYork & Canada
Ya, but I am a homer, So I want Oregon to get a shot!
It's really awesome when you start living in a new city, and the ppl who live here love it.
Erick's Afro-Cuban Salsa class takes you on a journey exploring the dance from it's roots of Cuban Son, Rumba and it's heavy Afro influences
plis send mi message
soda gut
you should try throwing a mento into a bottle of diet coke
i have days like that all the time!
Hulk smash
We have clematis in from the garden and it smells delightful. Spring is coming!
Raw Faith opens this Friday in NYC and will be available for community screenings shortly after. Marilyn Sewell will be @ the Quad for Q&As.
"It'll be fun...well go throw rocks at some trees or something." on the 2hr wait at the Bluebird we have until we play ...
Penn State should call Beaver Stadium Paterno-Beaver Stadium.
Wait, what? Explain yourself! (In 140 characters or fewer.)
I've always kept it Real never been a hater don't know how it feels
RT : Members at last night's info meeting in Tuscon asked questions, got answers and definitely decided they're voting YES for...
goes both ways towards the artist and they teams! gotta show luv! #RealTalk Big Biz
good luck my dear, keep rockin'
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful being yourself. Uniqueness is something that'll ALWAYS be in style. Don't try to be something you aren't.
#Sneijder spotted thumbing a lift outside of Manchester. No gear bag reported.
random follow everybody that i see spree cus im so bored!
The pull of collective amnesia is often stronger than our sadness or our rage. We need to refuse the bliss of forgetting.
I'm a social media magnate! RT How come shipping magnates are the only magnates? Why not pancake, tricycle or apricot magnates?
lmao go ahead!
Happy #FF to my new followers
Why is it so hard for me to explain how I really feel, to the person I love most? :(
Oopers. David broke something again. Nothing live though.
I would like to welcome some of my recent followers!
in tribute video to Elie Wiesel: "you survived horror without hating"
As A People tonight @ Bottom Of The Hill 10pm! Also on the bill are Weezer tribute band Pinkerton and The Hot Toddies.
Don't think I will have time before July though, need to stay on schedual here. heheahhaha.
Spoken like a true colleague...
#BeachBoys greatest American band of all time
I've heard people ask why Olmos was cast as a bad ass in Battlestar. My question to them: have you ever seen any other thing he's in???
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
I knew the Aliens were down with advanced living.
Have been talking Truths to me all morning. Now I've got 'Here comes the sun..' stuck in my head.
got my tickets Lee. I overpaid but I'm on the floor next to basket.
We also make sure to donate food or items we get for free with coupons
When a guy sticks up for you.
thanks for the follow!
Feet are up relaxing :) waiting for Puerto Rico SUCHS but it's worth the wait ;)
Totallyhave had a fantastic Holiday:) I am missing Quincy though. Working on some new music for yall:)
DC: Congratulations to the GRAY Team. 5 months ago you selected, and campaigned for and now elected the best Choice for DC. KUDOS!!
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. -- Peter Drucker
You know, I really like you Carrow, so it's a shame I have to kill you now. TAKE IT BACK.
No good, very bad day. I really hate drama. Watching Grey's to console myself that my life isn't so bad in comparison.
#RG3 Good deal Redskins fans! - #Jets fan
Tomorrow's the middle of the week already - It's actually going by at a decent pace!
Attention one direction fans: those little boys will never have a degree!!! Retards
At work doing business. What are you doing?
Mycogen Seeds (test Tweet)
Three things are true: Our defense looks better and better, Tebow plays well under pressure, and I'm a fantastic coach.
Its nice and breezy outside........... I got the windows open and im about to take a dogg ass nap
well time to make some beats.....
very well. we should get coffee some time in the new year, would be cool to catch up
The Sports Arena commercial area is in the Midway Community. Point Loma is a seperate community.
“: Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.”
Does anyone know anything about being home schooled?
things are going to change a lot in August.
There's a Groupon today for discounted #TripperBus tickets to NYC... expect me to harass you about a visit! :)
yay! I'm honored :)
Meet billy and took pictures with ! See you were lucky ! & i wasn't mad at you guys & know that I took to you guys are
I HELD A TADPOLE.
#fake RT : Knox.... Should I chill out or go out?
Floyd got 3inches in reach on this bitch nigga #moneyteam Justin bieber and 50 cent carry the blets
LMAO! RT : I'll always remember the last words of my uncle, who told me "I bet you can't shoot this apple off my head."
According to #Klout I am just as influential about Beer as I am about Parenting. Hm.
is this for real?!
Stay tuned for an announcement about #THATCampOSU later this week!
see we'll be cool as long as you just play your part... just play your part
Preppin for and Shits gonna be crazy at the orpheum
“: been having some real odd dreams lately... with freakish detail #MindDontSleep” Me too. :/
Happy new years eve everyone!
With 28 advertisers dropping Rush Limbaugh as of today, there will soon be none left to boycott.
I'll be speaking at the Texas Library Association conference in April. Is it similar?
Or up against the door carpet burns from the floor hickys on ur bakk before u went to practice we was actin
A dream is always worth a shot dont lose hope
"OMG! A man walked out of his house,was hit by a car, struggled to recover, then went BACK HOME! What was the point of that?"
PLEEEZ play The Turn! and Bingo!
John Green books. And I haven't read my copy yet, but Kirsten Hubbard's Wanderlove.
Finally published my website. Yay for not procrastinating!
Good morning
Please RT this . I think that you are AMAZING! :)
Tht awkward moment when u message the wrong person askin if it's the right person & they say no so u ask where they live & they say Indiana.
They better not take Shumpert to New York Downtown Hospital. Rob Stark'll hold him down while they Game of Thrones his leg off
Ok we have our first 25 #ColtsDocsVIP entries. Thanks to everyone who sent photos. We'll announce our winners within the hour
We support Robert Bobb and the work he is doing to improve our Detroit Public Schools. He is fighting for better education for our children!
do I ever!
Very successful jersey launch for the Fire at rockit bar with brian mcbride and logan pause.
"This feed is staffed by humans." That is nice to know!
you should blame yo mama for not swallowing you. =D
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Allen, Woody
RT : One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests. - John Stuart Mill
Jim Collins: we can + must develop legions of Level 5
Kings Academy Prom tonight!!! WOO!!!
maybe we should get another puppy. What do think
My grandpa is going to get me killed driving me home o.o
Cant walk up this fucking hill<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
You know the more you're slip slidin; the more you're #unwasted away! Here's at ya
Good Morning! Nice...way to train those shoes RT : I have over 200 miles on my new running shoes already :)
We were!!! Encore from the ferris wheel!
Wishing you the best of luck! I'm sure you'll come up with a great idea!
One of my friends just told me his psych teacher was the best. Uh have you met Holmes?
"Even when the news got bad and they said I couldnt go home, I just kept praying -- IT IS FINISHED..Today, I have another chance to live..."
you're with right team for preparing for mud run! & more
Fun facts: The first Time Square ball rang in the New Year in 1907(source ) hosts/manages 10 corp apts in Manhattan
If florists are death dealers it's only because all florists are dead inside. Trust me. I used to be one in a former life.
did u apply for Mayhem already? What's the contact info?
Breaking News: The Archers got another big shipment of records in so you know what that means: NEW LISTINGS coming soon! Check back.
Can I send you a DM with a question about your Twitter feed? Thanks!
no way-- are they still at each others throats?! That sucks! Oh well, sounds like a win for you!! Whens the date?! Loving it!
Mind blowing on Nasri. They may struggle in that group, eh? Mexico has been pretty inconsistent on solidarity as of late.
a little sleepy haha. how're you?
If so, don't be a "man on a ledge". It'll be alright.
I wish it was possible to just have one handful of cheddar Goldfish and be completely satisfied.
I wish that was a subtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
thanx it's like really really good!!!!!!!!:D
I understand publishers want to believe physical books are so great they will stay. But i don't see bookshelves in my future.
is on my list to try! I'll go!
Any idea whether I Wish, the new Kore-eda movie will play at the Violet Crown at some point?
First lead of the game!
We Heard More From Jae Millz When He Used to Yell "WannaWannaWhoop!!!" LOL
My brother makes his own beer and keeps them in 5-gallon fountain soda containers. Fresh beer on tap. I may take up a new hobby.
-_~._| YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I speak da truths.
Props to Homestead Detail for shining up da whips for me today! Bout to put in da new jeezy and make dat rear window wiggle.
Forgot to put on my rings...feeling naked
you're right about BoSox spending above slot but Pedroia, Papelbon, and Buchholz were slot signs; Ellsbury slightly above
MT : POTUS speech on inequality confirms shift in natl attitudes: an econ rigged to reward the rich impoverishes all.
it was great catching up this week. You and your team are doing inspirational work, thanks for sharing!
What I wouldn't give to see Chris Berman and Jon Gruden in a steel cage death match.
Haha! I said it to today in History and she just looked at me like I was crazy!
so thoughtful of you! yes, very much so! hope you & your beautiful family are enjoying the holidays together! see you in 2012!
Woke up singing MongoJerry and Rumpleteaser...
Just started reading 1Q84 by Haruki Murakami. So far so good!
stupid stupid.
but then again you never know cus these bitches now-a-days be driving crown vics & big 1973 tahoes and shit lol
Ike and Murph are laughing because No. 28 caught the ball. Think slightly different reaction if dropped.
Track meets suck!!
SXSW is in full swing. Drop in for a free bag of doggie goodies! www.austinloftydog.com
you bet! Shirt was an incentive on Kickstarter for a video they did.
At dinner in LA talking about @ who has been silent. Where is he ?
People come into your life for a reason, and they leave your life to better your future. Learn to let go, or else you can't proceed.
especially girls jumping on them? lol
I got more than a thing for you, tattoo in ink for you..
Finally getting my #snapfitness membership back. Time to get fit again.
overtime for you!! Get it while you can!!
Betsy Bitch and Paul Shortino in the can! Both gave great interviews and the book is shaping up nicely! Can't wait till July!
Yeah, not super crazy - think they have most guys follow the Odorizzi plan and play short season their first full yr
You should check it out - amazing place with lots of funky and cool stuff, local artists galore (and gore)!
Politics and Prostitutes
i'm surprised Betty isn't more selective about her career choices. It's so bad. I weep.
thanks for follow us !
Wrapping up music and sound for the upcoming trailer for the video game Elysia.
Oregon football is a testament to how cool-looking uniforms actually make a difference
Too damn windy
when I was a kid we had to use our imagination to build something with them, now they come in complex sets
I can help you out with those if you'd like. I'll cover S&H! :-) Har har.
“: "when you go mudding and forget to roll your windows up..." #southernthing ” hate when that happens
The media saying Dolphins overpaid to resign Wake is crazy. He was statistically the best pass rusher in the NFL last season
FYI...it's Tax Day. Get your return in!
You know your childhood sucked ass if you never threw up hot cheetos.
Yes! You definitely need some hot water on those muscles. It works! Steam doesn't hurt, either. I want Dance Central 2 too :D
Porter Airlines website is down :( I know that there are many things more important in the world, but I was trying to buy a ticket. Dammit.
No, I'm not Irish.
Kids would be lost if we when back to using encyclopedias & text books
- this guys videos are very creative. My fav is Landlord.
np, Bone Thugs-Thuggish Ruggish Bone
I shall grow old, but never lose life’s zest, because the road’s last turn will be the best. – Henry Van Dyke
Revalations and self-induced epiphanies hide in corners you have yet to explore...
Looking forward to a productive week! Attending #WMC2011 in #Miami this week. Vj contest should be fun!
Monday already, time to get rolling. Check out our new website www.idriveadz.net. Moving advertising to mobile. This is a lot of fun.
Ladies follow my co own and for shoutout and sexy DM ;)
like 5' 6'' .... ps. I dont know why u didnt say hi that last time u were here.
Orlando Florida.....babe!!!
“: are you going to coaching u this year?” Hope you guys are able to make it!
RT : Autocorrect changed "Donner Party" to "Dinner Party" and I almost didn't notice. LOLZ.
Watching wrestling at work, this is even worse than I remember. Please tell me people only watch this to make fun of it.
I dont care what people do in ther beds, who are we to judge Gay marriage. You Rock Obama!
Sounded awful via five live. Almost comical how banterous people get about derbies in Sheffield though.
{Title} - {Permalink} via
terrence howard will star in “fellini black & white.”
it was thesethuation but now it is through facebook
Cooking Sunday dinner fed my soul with the word now about to feed my stomach
Damn it, iTunes, you tricky son of a bitch. Your recommendations for me are actually songs I like, and I'm almost tempted to buy them all.
Changing party doesn't change labor voting record or undo signing Norquist's pledge. That's why we endorse on values, not party.
lol too funny
Let the countdown begin! Four more days until the Premier Luxe Relaunch Party! Don't forget to register! 10.11.11
"I'll see you Friday, dirty bird."
Just got back from swimming :) got a little burnt but hopefully i get a little tan from it :)
Good Morning, just sent you a DM
Breaking news from MAVC! We now have our own play/practice volleyball facility! www.midatlanticvolleyball.com.
yeah actually lol that's how slow it felt like the week went :p
What's your favorite exhibit today?
So great seeing you this morning.
... Next time you're in the library, throw the phrase "patron driven acquisition" into the conversation. She said...
Another beautiful photo :-) I need to start getting out of my office before the daylight dissapears :-)
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
Digital taxidermist?
same! just tired of school!
Speaking of hair, can I get a haircut from you on Tuesday?
If your GoCard is worn out, you can replace it for free. Univ. has looked at proximity cards too. - Auxiliary Services
Do you ever want to jump on the ABDC stage and start dancing?!! Cause i would
when i was little i wanted to be a "mummy discoverer." Excited to attend #SITweetup for Mummy Meet 'N' Tweet and reignite mummy obsession
no, no its not. His name is will, he was my good friend and neighbor in California
great times tonight bud. you guys were a blast!
Officially a Indy 500 Mini Marathon finisher!!! Running buddy Kathleen and I finished in 2:42:36. GOT MY FIRST MEDAL!!!!
When people call late talkin about you still tryin to come out
Yes, you're correct. My account was hacked. I also cannot send any DM because I reached my max...#yikes Thanks for the heads up
#ItAmazesMeThat One act of random kindness at a time is all it takes to change the world.....
but ducks are delicious!
Merry Christmas Eve! As we traverse the 101N, I wonder how many other cars are filled with gifts. X-ray vision would be awesome right now.
i'll be playing a show next week at purchase with the talented Herman Fermin! A benefit show for the new musical Alice Unraveled.
Oh I cant wait for #RHNJ this season is gunna be goodd....
Whenever you want please! :)
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!/:
Is there ANY chance you'll come and do a few shows in the US to celebrate National Treasures? We can't wait another 10 yrs!
LOVE Charles Earland! Looking for that cut now for ya!!
what is twitter jail?! ;)
thanks for the b-day shout my bro and you are very welcome. I stongly believe in passing the knowledge.
Anybody can have sex with someone. Opening up your soul, letting them into your thoughts, fears, future, hopes, dreams. Now that's naked...
hey, i just followed you & checked out one of your vids. You're a good singer! (:
i was gon say #oomf bt she not one of my followers but #shoutout to you yeah ill holla
Who is shopping this weekend?
Baby I am the opening act, the headliner, and the after party.
Several Things, No Sense of Humor, Too into themselves, and Loud Ghetto Type, and Gold Diggers Ps, Too Much Tatoos
I'm thinking about going
thanks for the RT, John!
Watching South Park World of Warcraft episode. Its an mmorpg, rtard.
Daaaannnggg I feel like we wasn't cool for the longest, but it's only been a couple of days... Kmsl
Everybody tomorrow wright STOP on ur left hand and KONY on ur right
I need a girl who's mine all mine, I need a girl in my life <3
My 6,000 tweet is dedicated to my family..for always having my back and always giving me unconditional love ..love y'all!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Monday funday wit I hate him
I got plug like the back the screen
im looking for new management and i need to start booking shows in L.A
I know! I wish I could be in Super 8 but I'm a terrible actress!
picked a pic of me n me pooch!
Sometimes The Man is a real asshole. Until you get paid.
RIP Junior Seau..You were a great Patriot..
#OutoftheLoop you can't wait until after the wedding day to learn about our spouse. Must do this early.
There's just so much you can take.
***Its Easier Than You May Think To Book A Star!!! for more details***
has compared it to going gray or balding and assures me Baby Bear is still happy. He accepts the aging process.
Toshiba announces three new Android tablets
Enjoy ya Friday everyone!!!!
One woman in the final. Way to go, America. Seems This is a Man's Man's Man's World was a fitting song.
no sleep
i know. I am not happy. Gotta buy the Barron's study guide and cram study starting today!
All this time is quite nice! I have actually read the news this morning! From something other than one news source!
Good morning everybody. Have a good one.
ok this is creepy..... my phone is connected to some random guys twitter account......
Eat together! The family that eats together… plays together… stays together. Cheers to your health!!
tomorrow is National Don't Question Tweeter Day! All tweets should be taken as facts.
It's a pretty good today :)
Need to hit a hipster dive in BV that has cable RT : Love Direct TV, but not right now. and I are going to miss...
Not necessarily - early round sites not tied to regions
He should offer $100 to you as well if you come in as Catwoman.
Class is boring..... learning nothing new!
And, while interesting, can feel wrongheaded and tunnel visioned, in exactly the way a lot of software engineering can feel llike that.
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
I should be getting my gloves in the mail today or tomorrow!
is making the 6 Million Dollar Man sound effect as he runs.
follow my new page
#BBN stop actin like trash toward ...he's a kid. Don't he ridiculous. He gets to decode what he wants, get over it
well in that case I'm not done with earth because cheekies is an awesome word
foLLOw them pLeaSese2
So my speakin';writin'&;readin' in spanish is gettin' better:))so i ever in my life got to mexico atleast i can communicate with ppl there:]
LOL, says she wanted to blow up #NPTech newbies that didn't build relationships online. Instead, she worked with them.
I feel like me and my friends are growing apart:(
Is this American Idol? Or the Disney Channel? Everyone is so young!
ONE MORE TILL 100 FOLLOWERS! HELP?
Your face will melt off and your children will weep over your exploded body!!
I thought I was the only one who didn't want some man thrusting his pelvis in my face
Is it too early to start anticipating the final ever episode of HOUSE?
We are :D
Mid-edit bagel break courtesy of Thanx buddy!
Rewatched GG online; way to go B. That's how you become Queen. Not by wearing a plastic tiara.
Got bills for a chee
only sort of agree
Let us know how things go at Purple Bellevue...
Hey it's BK, I raise a toast to Fiesta 2012! Cheers! Viva Fiesta!
Do anyone know any decent casting director workshops on the westside... or at least, not in the valley?
The Lone Cabbage fish camp east of town on SR 520. And you can eat Gator afterward.
It wasn't clear which direction future expansion would go when MKE was built. Keeping A/B open allows either without reorganizing.
follow me<33?
many thanks for coming and for your kind words! Happy to be part of this years
Thanks, POP! How are things with you? Everything is copasetic here.
biology stuff bro haha
I need to get back to Cali, this weather is beyond boof !
well played
#TweetsByMe Shirts On Sale! #teamfollowback to everyone who follows us! -->Retweet<--
I'm so fierce that it's so nuts. ;)
This Chevy commercial is so cool
shut the f up
ack. I will be in Monterey today. How serendipitous could that have been to see u there....
I'm at MBz motors gettin the Benz fixed Lord Jesus don't let it be expensive!! I am a money magnet!
now just 1 away
Retweet if I need to follow you back
We'll probably be glued to the live blogs tomorrow morning because we can't wait.
#icedmocha to start the day - then on to planning #HealthMart events
I haven't legitimately laughed that hard in like 3 years.
“: Young, Wild, and Free comes on the radio and my dad turns it up and starts singing lol!! #toofunny #farmersdaughter”
We're giving away 4 free tickets to in Princeton, NJ, on Feb 4. Retweet this by Jan 19 to enter to win one.
Oh yeah!
best dental artist in town...and my teeth are really working out, btw...just ate a meal with chewing and everything...
Jelly beans are big business. It's big Republican business, run by a wonderful family of hard-working people
Amber, I think there needs to be (and will be) better tools to track SM marketing. Companies need to track the ROI of SM in 2011.
such a privilege to be sharing the microphone with my favorite littlest latina artist!
and we have PICTURE LOCK ladies and gentlemen!! Three years... wow. Thank you all for your support!!
Boosie got off. Aye.
#Kobe is on fire, the masked mamba is going at it early.
What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
great to see you yesterday! Travel safe!
My coach told me get going- just start and all else will follow. Great advice. Is there something you need to do that will change your life?
You mean like the Boilers have been issuing the past four years? ;)
Hearing Lillas Pastia auditions and then finale concert!
What does everyone think about the Kolb trade?
Scott Weiland I don't know how to feel about this.
thanks for the follow! RT
So pissed its a
The Sam Riggs Band and Louisville go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)
ATTN: Mother's Day is SUNDAY (don't worry we won't tell her you forgot) lucky for you we have and Central Florist on board!
why ? Are any of them following you?
I'm THRILLED to listen to talk about why brands need to be on Sing it, brotha!
Did you have one booked after the last show of 2004 before the 2005 hiatus?
I'm so fuck1nq bor3d rn so I'm just g0nna tweet yew rand0m a$$ stuff k? c;
they call me stacey
I miss yu !
next is twitter... RT : introduced the work wife to google chrome - she's in love!
Happy 2012 You & Yours!!
My hair smells like hair dye and I love it
I'm gonna get tix for sunday
and do you have your prom dress picked out???
Suede Lounge - SATURDAY - woo e it's J.Alan in the mix bitch - Mention AZ PartyLife at the door for no cover
Life goes on without you!
#Apple is set to unveil #iPad3 today! First major unveiling since Steve Jobs. Apple store is down.90 mintes until the iPad3 launch event.
Soo sick right now :c besides that great though! I have too long/complicated of a question to ask so want me to dm or email you?(:
thanks tom!
A little belated, but did you get an answer to the plant? Leaves look like a trout lily, but haven't seen them w/ purple flower.
Go follow @ MBFanPage143_MB
Is there an article for this Urban Meyer talk?
Just catching up on twitter just now. Thinking boys shouldn't be left alone to run the department.
has a new Thundershirt. She's worn twice; slight improvement in thunder-shakes.
you free at all Friday afternoon?
What?? Unforgivable lol jk, Much love to u Jonny Jonny, stay warm & have an awesome day!!!
The night I met
Anybody I know?!
oh ok ic well I'm trying lol
Looking forward to a great night! RT : Looking forward to the DCN event tonight sponsored by
“: : On a scale from one to America how free are you? My response: America” it's why I love you
my boss had one this year for the mini and she said it was night and day from ly.
ive got some rocket summer high quality photos from the stage form their show thrusday if you want them
If u have more tweets then followers ,shut the fuck up!!!!!
I'm sorry, but I really can't endorse heterosexuality. ;)
You keep tweeting - we'll keep a running total!
I feel like I never see any of my friends anymore! This must change!
whats up man, you know where i can get some hard copys of your albums?????
bummer, the album leaked and i don't feel special anymore.
you took to long, and I had bio to finish
You weren't alone. :) Several of us downloaded it, too. It's fun!
If it's a jacuzzi with a Lake view, you're not doing too bad. If not, you should rethink your priorities.
Aww Its my weekend off I have plans to go to Dallas that weekend though! U going 4 sure?
oh. well bye macbook pro. it was short. but nice.
I will be in LA next week setting up more meetings and then its is showtime real move get made in a month
Man its gonna be too hot to be wearing suits and ties. I always go casual. You don't have to dress up.
Nice to meet you the other day at Grumpy's! Hope you had a fun weekend.
Should we ask him about the radio? Ya but like quietly so no one steals the idea i don't wanna ask! Ask breanna to ask but quietly she's ...
Go running!
yo mama so fat she sweats gravy
"Through my shades I see your fakeness."
Matadors are always getting bullied
I really hate when the bridge near the stadium goes up right as I'm heading home...
I guess it's just the price I pay
LOL. Exactly. :D
Wait, watch & follow - should that be the US policy on Syria & Iran? - JDG
So excited!!! Just got New comedy sketch to work on with
That was half a century ago, but it sounds like your back in town and still haven't even made an attempt to link up with me
Drop The World
i will always b a #Belieber #purpleninja bcause is an amazingly talented young man. HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN (please RT)
looking amazing as usual :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
i love you (;
stingray trend
Well, it's good to have family values! :-)
Thanks for the follow, I can't wait to check out your digs! Appreciate the love and support
Just dat 2 if us, we can make it if we try
Will Philips is up first, talking about the process of harvesting lumber from Baltimore's vacant rowhouse stock for Sandtown Millworks.
excellent show“: Storage Wars should really be called "Jarrod is a fool" no entirely sure why I live this show, but I do.”
Big decisions to make about e-book: purchase them, license them, or subscribe to them.
MT: Future of edu video is real-time. Live streaming, in the classroom & out. #admissionslive < you're all over this!
(3/3) help employees support their favorite charities via !
NO WAY? This is bad. Good for President OBAMA
The registrations keep rolling in! Sign up today for Social Media 101 or any other great DWC workshop! Only 46 days until session I!
I'm not suprised we released jacoby jones..specially after that fucked up play he did in the playoffs
look forward to seeing you
3 1/2 weeks seems a bit too far away. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
This baby naming thing sucks. Much hate.
this is great!!!!
Sad episode
"MY LIFE ON THE YO / I DON'T WANT TO SEE A 7 / PLAY THE ODDS WITH MY SOUL / I NEED THAT HEAVEN"...HELL YEA I TAKE THIS SHIT SERIOUS.
Very cool story on former Madison Memorial/Marquette star Wesley Matthews coming up on Monday. Will post the video link tomorrow
I know I can beat you at one thing: Procrastination
Case Western training grad students in #DH for their own projects and to support factuality research
A really fascinating aspect of BBSDoc is people's living rooms, basements, etc.
Wtflack rng and collizion crew are really good they should stay c:
Fresher than an evermint.
lmao that tweet about you living far made me pe
i miss you
You'd think by now girls would have figured out that a. Leggings are NOT pants and b. Not to wear granny panties with them!
"A ship in harbor is safe -- but that is not what ships are built for." John A. Shedd
I am totally looking forward to tonight's class! B.
im meeting her 2mm . she's in Virginia . & also , ii like to watch anything . LOLS.
What? Me! U better watch out 4 He's the 1 u should worry bout!
I love everything about this halftime show. everything. could be bc it's getting my mind of the packers not playing.
RT : If you sell anything you create with Apple's ebook tool, you MUST sell through Apple store and give them a cut....
let's get this bad boy picked up! Thanks in trusting in me
It's May so yes, it's warm. Today it was 80 F.
#nwill2011 wow, everybody really stuck around this year! All the prize winners were present. Thanks for another great conference!!
Katy Perry Loves That New Boyfriend Robert Ackroyd Is A &#39;Rock Star&#39;
You know what would be awesome? If I looked like a Victoria Secret model #nevergonnahappen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
haha. true. he could say anything and get away with it ;)
Finally Band Camp is OVER!!:)
of course . . hm . Why up soo late ?
at the Audi Dealer. Do I need a new battery, a new alternator, perhaps a new TT....go easy on me. My stomach is in knots. :-S
Would be so happy if I can meet Tom :p he's from Australia anyway :p
RT : 71% of women engage with social networks. Only not dominated by women are #LinkedIn and #YouTube via
The first presidential candidate that comes up with a mandatory hygiene plan gets my vote.
Also, DM your email address just in case we find a way!
Trying to win tickets with kata.. No luck for me.. /:
most of them are way funnier than the one they went with!
Studies report that identity fraud has risen 13% since 2010, which is attributed partially to the growing population of smartphones.
Launched beta last night (this morning): votish.net
Tonite: The Bloodtypes punk party at Plan B bar in Porltand
Met y'all at the garage in Monmouth. We were recording at Monnow Valley. Gonna catch y'all tonight
Thanks for stopping in again today you guys! Happy #LeapDay!
Finally saw Avengers!
hey boo boo
Thanks for the good times!!! and the tweet, and the post...ill post the first minute long episode next week...:)
// Thanks for coming to Vegas, Lee!
": Have you ever heard the expression, "You break it you buy it"? Well sweetie...pay up."
follow back?? <3
I do not, however, know this Wobble business.
Why does Lloyd Blankfein always look like a startled baby?
I was just wondering the same thing LOL
#fashionStar with Now on NBC yes!!!
Oh then tell him to take his shit before you get in trouble but he/she could leave half the money
hypothetically, who would be the likely position player to pitch for the #brewers?
I don't get why anyone would value their political affiliation over their friends.
I'm not like a twitter celebrity yano:(
I think roadrage is a strong adjective to describe "annoyed while driving"
Are you going to FOSE next week? Sent you an invite for the Meetup on Weds.
I try, but I'm never perfect. But the blood of Jesus covers my imperfections so the Father can still look upon me with love.
Miami Dolphins undrafted rookie free agents sign deals
Lakers won 1 game so far. This series is living up to my expectations
Happy St. Patrick's day!! Come celebrate with us :) weve got live music NOW until midnight! And no cover!
im gunna be so happy when i win #nodenoire all i do is win win win no matter WHAt
Also - any creative alt options for kissing at the reception - no glass clanking.
Thanks to #a4aChallenge sponsor & Dir. of Education and Advocacy Barry Ford for joining us at the #BreakfastofChamps!
Thanx, Nate! Should be a fun experience!
lol I know. I love the sound of typing though. It's kind of therapeutic.
bad link.
I don't know anything about Illinois football. Thanks, Zook.
Lovely visualization tool! I want to learn more!
Thank you for the RT!:)
And my husband moves to VA Beach for six months in March. Boo.
Debating if it's reprehensible to go to ebay for retro Wizards gear...
I'm sure Vimeo paid handsomely for their site being featured in this fine movie.
So happy to see my child.
Come have a drink with me at tonight! :)
Mammals running speed determines eye size
aww thank you!
3 Conservative Myths About Government Conservatives fudge the facts on spending, debt, and taxes in their crusade against the government.
Just can't bring myself to. RT I can't look away from this train wreck, the Best of Food Network Star. New season Sunday.
sorry, haven't found mine yet this year.
HAPPY BIRFDAY WE LOVE YOU!!! <333333
Not you Belmster
Attention ACM students - check your email today for news on business incubation grants!
Dude, these cookies are only 50 calories each and delightful. Trust me, worth it. One super sweet, one is enough.
We just finished meeting with Congressman W. Todd Akin (MO-2) at his #MarchForLife reception in the Capitol Visitors Center.
haha, I'm glad you liked it xD Hope you feel better, or, even better than better!
i do too =\ i miss yall for real. i cant wait for when we have a sleep over
big market
from the show Flipper?
Blake Griffin
yea im srry
This two weeks of spring break is amazing! Waking up at 11 every morning. Last night got to see Hunger Games with my brother. Awesome week!
Good luck to your boys tomorrow!!
Do you remember Chris Webber and the Fab Five? Well, we the The Buff Orpingtons...
there was just a clue about 1D!! They even played wmyb!
Follow me ( 8
Just discovered that in 1932, San Francisco's Pier 5 offered Air Terminal service. Visualize water-skating airliners taking off over TI.
it seems to be a lot like The Zone. Lots of lean protein in the "attack phase". 3 days, limited carbs.
Looks like the Chicago Bears are going to start off 0-2 this coming season.
Too pumped for this haunted hospital Fantasy Factory :)
What in the world you got in that bag what you got in that bag
I'd love to hear about what you're working on currently.
Sup solid snake?? When u coming back to 412?? We are in midst of opening #art gallery in Oakland- Nate
same sample....just a shorter chop on mine. GREAT ear ;-)
Owen Daniels and celebrating together on the sidelines.
I cannot wait till summer...
True RT : #Virgos always feel like there is something more they should be doing.
First time tweeting today. And I really have nothing substantial to say.
Be my Valentine ;)
ugh my phone takes way 2 long 2 charge.
“: “: #BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned” AH<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> #getready” yay!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><U+2764>
Props to all #running in #Boston today! Woo hoo Boston Marathon!!
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties.Hugh Blair
Since when TF is it 2 in the morning?
partying all day all night!!!! And that good dude what are u doing after?
Isn't the biggest impediemnt to content everywhere the mobile carriers who are limiting data?
This is a great reception. Kudos #mw2012 !
At ICON studio with an . HOTTEST ,
Amazing show tonight!!!
Gov would consider any "vital programs" affected, but suggested much of the $ from the settlement w/ banks would have been used for lawyers.
always a pleasure to have you out :)
I got a few concepts you should check out. Thank you for those who support!
RT: Sun. Apr. 15th does The House of Blues in
Your mind can set you free. To reach your own paradise just let go
Nothing specific, just that he wants to keep JMMA alive. It's never a good thing when he sets his mind towards something.
Happy Monday everyone! Bring some art and beauty into your life this week :)
What's with this horrible weather, Chicago?!
Just saw cm punk over behind the semis. Couldnt get pic he left to fast
Rock Star...and to think I knew you when. Congratulations Dr. Shavonne. Wow, Wow, Wow!!!!!!
followed bunch of y'all. Thanks for following me little bunnies! Xoxoxoxo
its on again
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you. ~Author unknown
Workout #2 let's get it
come back strong next year bro
#happyhumpday please follow
thank you! Your really beautiful!
Another packed DH session - "Digital Pedagogy" #s349 #MLA2012 - fantastic projects on display!
Woot Woot! Hope you love it! RT Just picked up my from Looking forward to drinking it
Trying to break 3000 Views on youtube
Goodbye to the 2011-2012 NBA season
lol too soon?
We support our troops. Did you know we offer a military discount and a senior citizen discount. Come check us out this weekend!
Lost my pillow pet.! # mad.!
Followed. Follow bck?
someones happy;) follow me please?x
You're either physical or not. I hope he gets better. I like Berry, he's just not a starter.
RT : "Andy Edwards, is now trending in #KansasCity."Another memento on the refrigerator!
I signed up with to update my status while I'm running the #CbusMarathon, in real-time, during the race on Oct 18
So cool! products are in the set decor for horse racing drama 'Luck' premiering Sunday!
The worst thing for a singer? A head cold, woke up this morning witha stuffy nose and sore throat...any suggestions?
has now pissed me off! The University of Kentucky is best cheerleading school...period!
Oh, you're certainly guaranteed an awesome recipe then
RT Getting the day started with a Sencha Green tea recommend by - perfect choice for this nice spring weather.
OMG. Yes.
The guys from Railroad Earth can shred, yes, but now I need something urban for the drive home
I WANNA RUB MY FACE ON HIS FACE. AH.
#gcyale : Hollywood's craziness is causing more people to use anonymity tools, making them much much better.
To #iowa, please vote
Denzel movies never get old.
I didn't have them in the Final Four to begin with, but I wonder if anyone is changing their brackets after hearing the #Syracuse news.
i give up. i aint about that life
I got that! Funny. Also check out furminator. My cat was too prissy to allow it, but a kitten might be more pliable.
Definitely just spotted a few flakes. Office started screeching.
In your opinion, what is one of the greatest challenges facing an actor in Los Angeles?
Well, I'll be at Ivy again next year.
Hey cabbie, maybe if you put your seatbelt on, the seatbelt signal will stop going off?
Why should I give a fuck when no one else does?
well tell him that ;)
was the tipping point 2 join twitter.now has influenced me to join instagram. i thought it was only an iphone thing.
Sad to see it when one person's mistakes affect the lives and careers of so other people.
People are always blaming everyone else for what they've done, GTFO.
YES!! I was there and it was awesome girl!! We needed this win.
where do you work?
First you take the cow to the killing floor...
Paint in my hair and dust on my boots
right same here.!!
If anyone knew Elizabeth Birr-there is a memorial on the side of the Jazz Gallery for you to remember her. Please stop by, light a candle.
Thanks, Sandra! Get your friends to vote, too...
Not having wifi is killing me!
Excited to have #opencontext and join as sponsors of #THATCamp Bay Area Oct. 9-10. Apps open Aug 1.
Did you get a #vegan green tea and mandarin orange cupcake #pizza yet?
Workout was brutal but fun!
lol look up "llamas with hats" on youtube
Have a great rest of your weekend!
Holy monsoon in NYC!
I never want to do what I know I have to. #procrastination Clean the dishes.. do laundry..
"Well done is better than well said." ~Benjamin Franklin
Happy Easter! We will be closed today for the holiday but hope to see you all again soon!
Oh God ,, Really really sexy+handsome !!!!!!!!!
why is this generation in such a hurry to grow up?I would kill to be little again,playing outside and having only a skinned knee to cry over
the phn works 2 ways! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>I'll call you tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Just booked my flights to Berlin next month! A week of lawmakers, journalists, business leaders and then a hop over to Leverkusen (Bayer HQ)
< One thug from vp i do miss tho.
Congratulations! Ive been trying to get ahold of you! Filming wont be for awhile so I'll try you in a few weeks again.
yeahh me to babe :) x x
Ida, I'm praying for your family's safety. This is terrible.
lol have u seen this vid? My fav line: "Big Shoes, Big Socks!'
and by the way, I agree, we should all point out when they don't act like Democrats, happens way too much.
pls email for full details. Thanks!
the what??
I i cant wait till summer!!
Us too. It would insult me.
detach yourself for someone else, without a mirror you're not yourself.
should be! A day in the life of a library/ librarians
": Just got my earrings from kno my mother is going to Love hers...Thanks:)" yayyy!! I hope she does <U+2665>
that's a damn good look.
Butternut squash stuffed with wild rice, sweet Italian sausage and chanterelles
I wouldn't mind being in love with you forever.
I am in need of a good playlist to work out to. Who has one?
So cool that event in Madison May 5th will feature Jim Boeheim of Syracuse tweeted this morning about the Gala
At #WinslowDynasty's CD release party with and ! Hangin' out like grown folks.
As has now removed his pants I'm makin' it rain on 'em. Shake what yo mama gave you Adam. LOL
#thingsmakeupartistssay I am an ARTIST not a MAGICIAN sweety!
you can contact the IRS and set up a payment plan, if I remember correctly.
I know!Nothing good ever comes from teacher calling Mom to come to school. “: she was SO serious about that one too. smh.”
I heart my co workers
We just booked PaterZilla for Feb 17th at !!
When it comes to Election 2012, the nuts seem especially fruitier than usual. And it's only May.
That's exactly what I was thinking. I don't even know how she gets pictures of me.
Choline Consumption During Pregnancy May Lower Babies&#39; Risk Of Diabetes: Study
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 45
Oklahoma City Thunder. Formerly my and ' Seattle SuperSonics.
I smile.. because it increases my face value :)
Random spongebob moment
Do you typically help your clients with their environmental due diligence?
dnt yu hate it when the plug fall out the wall when yu trina charge yo phone! lol
Fun hangin out w the #rebels softball team but dont miss the drama and egos running the team
I can't stand thirsty ass dudes and once a female turns them down, they all get rude and say "You was ugly any ways bitch"
you at the game too?
Good Morning baby!!
me too. It has been too long.
Can't really focus
Think the refs are favoring #Syracuse??
Nothing to do till wednesday... Hm ok roys
*Finds out crush isn't here today* 'Damn ... wasted outfit.'
Cincinnati is a beautiful city, full of potential, with good rhythm throughout core city. But hate seeing riverfront parking
If so, it earned its name = dunce.
you should follow the cow
i can u dont love me any more :( u dont talk to me no more i miss u bff!!! :.(
What's the last bid?
*Good night*
Visiting Las Vegas and looking for a professional in-room massage? Follow
: thanks for following. A very Happy New Year to you and yours!
“: Never let times of discouragement in the dream overshadow the greatness of what God is doing behind all the pain.”
“: Technology and an umpire not in agreement a lot tonight.” very tight strike zone.
That time when 911 is too busy to answer your call.
yourwelcome! :) it WILL happen. I wish I were meeting them, I've seen both groups only standing by the tour busses tho
Same to you! You guys are the best!!!
Heard "Hey Ya" for the first time since 2004. Lend me some sugar. I am your neighbor!
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
": God I notice.. I really notice. #thankYou"
i hope you lost or he isn't a very good guard
language or Travel class?
yup knocking shit out like Mike Tyson.
And yes we'll see you at #sparkandhustle in New York!! Can't wait!
"who in the band has the nicest ass?" "me, i think." jordan your ass is nonexistent sorry bud
Happy Earth Day! We've tweeted some great links on recycling coffee grounds and reusing old coffee mugs. ReduceReuseRecycle!
2 drink or not 2 drink? Thinking about having some Owen Roe Sinister Hand.
The #TSA screeners allegedly took $$ to allow cocaine, meth and marijuana to pass thru the X-ray machines at LAX security checkpoints.
Robert is off to Indianapolis for a tax day Ethics speech for ISES
the class of 99 will never let it go, Trailblazers-yes; Thankful-yes; old timers-yes. Let THIS team have its time.
It is such a beautiful morning! Even tho I gotta spend the next few hrs at the MVA, I am trusting God that today will be a better day.
yeah it's naptime. bring on the Z...
WAR'S "Me and Baby Brother"...getting ready for WAR at Socorro Entertainment Center this Saturday and Sunday.....yea!!
A good point: have not a schol.comm. librarian, but a schol.comm. *committee*. Institutional memory is crucially important in OA advocacy.
next time put it in a shot glass and mail it to me!!!
i guess i don't know what i want ...when my focus in on success i just hope something tags along my journey that i call mine
I don't go to any of those fucking schools?
Talking QR codes on tonight, thought of you :)
While #CES has more people, percentage of bare midriffs MUCH higher at comiccon
Been to 4 Ian's. The one in Milwaukee is HANDS DOWN the worst. Not to mention, a guy dropped dead in line and resurrected 30 seconds later.
When people cause problems so my mom goes all crazy <U+E40D>
Playin' Colorado Music Buzz Issue Release party at Herman's Hideaway...
says "there too many fat asses out there"
thank u! I am "a little bit goofball"! ;)))
Soldiers sang. "Hooker is our leader, He takes his whiskey strong." #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
I do not mean that if you are good you will be happy; I mean that if you are happy you will be good
omg and I get to see FATS after almost 2 years :')
I'd rather you didn't--I've very anti-spoiler, and I consider the delights of her prose as "spoilable" as the plots.
'm near positive he measured 6' even and closer to 200. I still think Jeffery will be the best in class.
Smile. Your enemies hate it.
I like doing reviews, though, sometimes I feel I'm too negative.
It is almost Kerrigan Chili con Blarney Time. I am making my PC chili today. Come to the Capital Market Sat. at Noon for a sample.
what exactly is considered an older design? There's a couple shirts I would like but I have to wait until I get paid.
biggest fan of you all my life. Everything about this band is perfection, and you should come to Louisville, KY!
looks amazing.
Need to find missing persons posters!
I am sorry but I usually think of something else when it comes to females genitals and it is not like a secret formula :)
Featured in the group tonight at Kitano, NY: Bill Easley, sax, Tommy James, piano, Hassan Shakur, bass, Payton Crossley, drums. kitano.com
maybe he's referencing the Marquette polls/others funded by similarly conservative groups. We know they don't matter
no :/ I've called like 3 different numbers but ill text you about it
what's good for tonight bro
In the studio with and Ultimate swag.
I hear ya. But these have tangle free cord. Wrap it around your neck prevent from pulling ends. Awesome.
OH at work: "some people try to catch cougars and keep them as pets." "yeah that's happens at Victor's every weekend."
Please let me collect all Band-Aid Brand Bandages...they're just so fun looking.
I thought ultra low budget meant maybe $2.99 or so. John LaCarna
lol like he needs it
miss you girls!
Best workout with Sherri this morning. I love Formula!
I can think of no better way to use one's words.
direct message me about this.
too much to do on Monday mornings. A lot more bandwidth on Sunday night :)
The woman has a name...
Poor has to sleep on the other side of a thin wall when a man is snoring so loud... #iwouldbuyyouearplugsbutyouaremoving :(
why oh why did you even bother to watch that? lol hope you enjoy your drink better than the movie!
Day two of a powerful delegation of #womentogether in AL fighting HB56
Cannes 2012: 25 Films to Watch A gallery of the biggest, most anticipated, and more intriguing of this year's Cannes Film Festival titles
You playin' with anybody this year?
Here's a thought: Will ur loved ones be taken care of if something were to happen to u? I offer #LifeInsurance and #retirement planning.
Study shows fewer young adults have their drivers license In Texas: 2000 82% of ages 20-24 had license In 2010 74% of ages 20-24 had license
On a day like today, it will be worth the wait.
"U know u know u know we on that". Hahahaha ok I stop
Welcome to TSU ! We'd love for you to join us on Facebook & Linkedin as well!
Crossed Keys is gonna be in Covina, CA they are shooting their COWBOY Music video at Nick's Taste of Texas. 9PM All Ages $5 a person. 1-6-12
Also, should I buy Japanese rubber stamps shaped like little cameras?
Dave Mustaine, the founder and lead vocalist for Megadeth, turns 50 today.
Oh NICE! After having the best vacation of my life with Safari in Kenya...I might have to buy this, too!
Never cross time zones the day after a time change lol. All screwed up!
Loved the story on at the half. Only suggestion for , more
haha sorry for almost not letting you in at the front gate.
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
... I'm blessed to work with a team that's not just about soccer, but about changing lives!
loll naa u the other half that ill b seein haha
What did you think tonight? Lots of strings tied up, eh? Happy ever after?
Same guy now wants to use our phone. WTF?
OK send us an email & let's chat. saskia @ cinemaspeakeasy.com
"Aw!I thought Madonna was gonna sing her new song but she's doing a weird old STREISAND song." "Huh?" "Yeah Mom-'Vogue it' or whatever."
"There are plenty of fish in the sea." -someone stating facts about the world's oceans
When someone brings more problems to your life than happiness, it’s time to show them the door where they can exit.
Im tired of struggling and really tired of hustling.. dey say he wash away ya sins so ya better put ya trust in him
The goal is to know Him, to spend time w Him. The goal is eternal life. Jn 17:3 and THAT is a goal i can obtain each and every day!
Thanks love! Love you more! xoxo
I walked my pug (Angelo) in The North End, Boston. Now I'm off to Kelly's, Revere Beach to get ice cream. A little healthy:)
Mr. Jeffers thanks you!
What's up with these birds chirping right now at midnight ?
Why can't I want to see #TheAvengers?
yes, I can't even remember what it tastes like, but I want it
Tell em like it is Judd: fallic-looking metals should be earned, not bought!
#nwpam11 last year the federal government broke our collective hearts when they ended direct funding for professional dev. for teachers
It's so obvious why snow white took a bite of that perfect $AAPL. I'd eat a bushel of 'em.
We need help. Names suck.
I know right? Lmao. Maybe it'll get better when amanda gets here (:
Kyle Korver doing work.
the only movie stars i know who have xbox live chloe moretz chris mintz-plasse jack black ben stiller and tobey maguire thatsall
Thanks for the follow Jon! Looking forward to your tweets, we've got many wines that would fit in your under $20 criteria
Hope all you marchers have great shows tonight! Remember: the football team will be playing before and after YOUR featured performance! ;-)
send us a DM or email us ASAP on to arrange a visit w at
Heading home from Montreal, next trip Cape Town to see !
Maybe youth-to-youth channel holds more credibility with students. Cynical side sez expect another evil take-down, timed well.
We are located at 385 Broadway, btwn Walker & White Streets, NY, NY
It's Saturday and St. Patrick's Day, which means double the douchebaggery. I don't think I could handle it!
Hm. In the office, I'm inundated with email. Out of the office…crickets. What gives?! Come see me if I'm there!
The sky isnt always blue.The sun doesn't always shine. So its ok to fall apart sometimes,but always remember to get up again.
Good thing i had insurance on it.
Speaking @ U of Miami Mentor Appreciation event tonight. Where would any of us be without the mentors who prodded us along the right path?
watching #moneyball. Decent movie. Good baseball movie bout the #'02 Oakland A's
Our neighbors took pity on us after our tomato plants were destroyed and gave us a bunch of theirs. Very nice folks.
my boy wasaap
Got my best friend back <333
Would you help us by collecting books & funds for our Mother's Day/Father's Day message filming? Tweet us for info!
you won the Black Keys tickets! Feel free to DM, so we can take care of the details. Happy Friday!
Know of any place which would be great for a live GMB show?! Let me know!
:-) twitter went down immediately after 90% tax on executive bonuses hit the AP wire...
I just dmed u
Sometimes you think you're hurting me,but in reality you're just making me a stronger person <3
this test tomorrow is gonna be killer :/
i don't think they make apple spice anymore. if they do, they'll be give many people diabetes.
Yay, 8 AM on a Saturday.
indeed, but the Post article had the former
Been to a lecture on anarchist #feminism It's good to know there's a community working around the topic in NY
Happy Mother's Day!
So excited to watch #PLL tonight
sending love and luck your way missy! Kick ass!
i'll let you feed &treat :D
im afraid to ask what the best 2 are
EBSCO, I will not pay a bill that is not itemized. How do I know if you are charging me for subs I cancelled?
A man from Netherlands plans to take pictures of 194 world capitals in next 5 yrs, when hes done his friends will tell him bout Google Earth
Killed the cat
I don't disagree, but didn't need a QB, and was so barren at RB, I took upside shots. That was the plan!
Semper Fi 236th birthday shout-out My #Navy husband served with you & says you're alright :-)
Amen and Amen!
I went to that lady she's amazing!
gona miss ya. I'll be back later
a good time was had by all!
Adele has one of the best voices i've ever heard. I hope she wins a VMA!
thanks for the shout out!
love california days like this!!
Members of House Finance move into "explain my vote" speeches on #coasset. Two Dems so far will vote yes.
NEW SONGZ UP CHECK UM OUT!!!
Im On My Feet Like...#TenToes!
WHAT THE FUCK CHUCK?!
20 more tweets
Happy mothers day Sis!
close, but it must say "I want free tickets to "
alright coolness
yep! But only for a layover. Had this been my final stop you know I would have told you!
Thanks for including us!
Just happy to help :)
Have you ever spent a Saturday with your family running a family emergency drill? You never know when one might hit right?
I hate sentences that begin with: "you can either..."
Orange is orange.
Thanks for having a look! Checked out your webpage. Nicely done!
that's a great song. That band has some really good stuff. Also rather like The Summer, Any Fun, and Drummer.
3 varieties of blueberry, 2 varieties of strawberry, 2 varieties of raspberry, and 4 batches of thornless blackberries. All for the boys...
Chillen at the bar .
With close friends, crab dinner + drinks = Whitney Houston commemorative guitar session. RIP, a true talent.
can't wait to see it for myself!
I can't believe these fighters are only 150 some pounds like REALLY ?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Absolutely loved the social media article in last months - so spot on!
Thanks! Now to obtain employment...
You're gross.
Taking a break to head to the park, little man needs to run off some energy!
Pretty sure I've eaten on the hour every hour since Friday. My walk has turned into a waddle.
yea Joey Barton's an idiot. I saw that goal never been a fan of lescott
Ha but it the soundtrack won't play aloud for others to hear when I walk down the street!
oh god I love those!!
Agreed; just wanted to make sure this wasn't pointed in one direction in order to solve a specific problem.
An artist singing their heart out on stage.
thanks Sam! :]
Gagliardone: modes of communication have to change to fit into new contexts: poetry is a form of communication in somaliland
switching schools to begin with was the worst mistake ever . i'm done with fucking up my life, time to get my shit together .
We will have to get some sushi sometime soon, Zach.
I did follow you you didn't follow mee back =) :-)
sickest movie ever
oh no, special girl is shedding clots
What's wrong with me?
lmao!! You silly!!
I have encountered a lot of lame individuals but I just pray for em.
I get active - backpacking, running, biking. I just don't bring tech with me.
Car shopping today!
haha. I went school with the lead singer and guitar player of RJA. They are good peeps!
I would LOVE to take part in this. Such an amazing idea. I will be working on mine definitely. (:
Just a regular day in Rare Books & Special Collections Dept. you know adding a lock of Frederick Douglass's hair to his papers!
while the patriot act makes it easier&#40;dangerous no unbiased intermediary&#41; to obtain a warrant it doesn&#39;t take away …
you've missed key point about Secret Service scandal - seems they tried to cheat a sex worker
our phones fall we panic our friends fall we laugh
..BUT "IN BIG LETTERS"
Cmon man you call me a dummy when You pick Luke to WIN over Rors, Phil, & Tiger in this weeks #PGA #Golf. THIS #1 has a Major:)
Good Luck!!! Haha!!
We are at the Lincoln-tallman house in janesville! #whereistim?
Anyone else going to see The Album Leaf tonight at Bottom Lounge?
can hardly wait to see Goodwin playing for the cats he is gonna be AWESOME
My mama ain't call me in to days! The fuck her problem is! Wish she had a twitter so she can read dis
Definitely same to you!
hey what's up? have a good time last night
Open jam
": #PositiveThoughts" thanks thurman..saw that 1st thing this AM
The Vern Lewellen throwback was out on Sunday. Just at my house not at NFLHQ
whats the scariest horror movie you`ve ever seen?
With regard to Daphne Du Maurier's novel 'Rebecca', I can relate to Rebecca, rather than Mrs. DeWinter. I mean, I CAN be a stinker
A firework, dancing flame. You'll never put me out again.
Seeing 'hot potato' trending & thinking of Niall.. yep. #ItsADirectionerThing (;
#WhatIMissMost, how much of a joke high school was, i hate college.
Liked the last blog post.
Will be coming up with new strategy for hastag for next event for sure. My stream just blinded me .
vin, u need to come back to new york asap, we miss you<3 & maybe do an event on long island;)
People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace.
Is it earth hour or something? WTF IS THIS?
if i was your girlfriend id never let you go.
kori , I know what yer sayn , but seek want u want outta the tweeter xoxo it's there:)
Adele was awesome. Most everyone else, meh.
Having a Party? ---> www.patrickscatering.com $ave 25% for mentioning this "Tweet"...
we hear you talkin boo but we just don't believe you.
I'm a big fan of Fran and I'm passionate about the cause. Thanks for all you do.
The Florida school system is so FUCKED UP! they need to get it together, im trying to get my deploma & all these EOC's are stopping me!
a homeless crack head on the streets of Pittsburgh
Bring Regan Carter to life. We're startin to run low on days.
There is an unsettlingly large number of photos of dead dogs on DeviantArt.
it was about ariana tweeting that coco died :(
Why can't I ever sleep in? Up way to early for a Saturday.
LOVE The Voice!
I'll miss u guys 2nite! Have fun!!
Headache. And I still have homework to do. Of course.
I wish I had my own PERFECT WORLD <3 <3
Swag. Thanks for the support.
You've been doing great. Just wanted to recognize. :)
oh! That's my preference too! Woot woot!
The best kind of founder!
Thursday night volleyball has done god awful things to my sleep schedule.
me too :) see you soon!
I was feeling groggy and grumpy until that exchange :D
At a 1788 parade in NYC, ale was proclaimed "the proper drink for Americans." Be "proper" this weekend and pick up a 6-pack of Dundee.
I realize it is not the hippest route to #hipness, but I am tempted to sit in the #GoBurger in the East 70s for several hours using
Only way prez can use ssm as a plus: come out 4 it by being conservative. say gov should stay out of it. Anything else looks too far left.
Did you know that 91% of restaurants have less than 50 employees...now tell me that is not a market segment worth going after.
ill play you in WOW after the concert
in your 20 seasons, what is the grossest thing you have ever seen?
Going to visit the government teacher tomorrow.
FW de Klerk the end goal should be no missiles with nuclear warheads we can get together and make this happen
U had no hand in making me we made us!
Anderson U. Mobile #eli2012 another summer week long workshop
Looking for Choir Director,Rec. Sports Coach, and people doing special hobbies (i.e. knitter) to volunteer for kids. Email .
Been chillin with
Did you get a chance to check out all of the Alex Gordon pics? They are all mine except for the flood photo.
My Day Off is going Good So Far
First day of work complete at
Can the TipsyTow be a regular thing?
Exclaimed questions
Wade county 305
I'm sure it's amazing!!
This week's reading for British Lit class: "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight."
Now seems like good time to remind folks that most of these guys won't be in the league in 2015.
Great work and awesome music
I read my husband's love letters (and e-mails) to me over and over again.
OK, I have to admit I've been trying to like Steve Jones, but it just isn't working. He just isn't likable.
I can't follow anbody else when i have 600 followers i will try to follow you guys
Omg I got my report card and I passed!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+263A>
6 yo is running up and down the hall, reenacting a cartoon including dialog and sound effects. Who needs tv when you have kids?
lolz! I wish I could do that! How cool would it be to not need sleep? ;) I usually only sleep 5 & 1/2 hours a night.
- any retailers in Los Angeles? Hope so!
www.johnbaptistrecords.com - i performed at spring sing some years after you - you are a legend at UCLA :-)..keep pushing
Not yet, but if you send me a syllabus or something with the curriculum, I can make that my next project....
I've never been in the presence of such wealthy people in my life. This is absurdly nice.
RT Confidence is sexy but cockiness is a turn off ...
LMAO!! Reminds me of grade school. We had air raid drills all the time!
Black people started wearing their pants really low. White people called this "saggin" .. Spell "saggin" backwards.. Sneaky white people!”<U+E409>
Well he's following his father's lead...
did you hear what Geraldo Rivera had to say about #TrayvonMartin? Such ignorance is why these things happen in the first place
LOL I Judy saw it on Facebook!
so? All the action is on the GOP side.
Wtf. My phone totally just butt-texted twitter. Ahahaha.
plan to make most of my gifts this year and to shop at more mom and pop stores. time to give back to our own struggling entrepreneurs.
Rain, laundry, be emotional.
Me too, for sure. I can say that UCLA has an undergrad minor, but that doesn't help you much.
hey, I think we're going to finally meet IRL at ECU in May for the library social media workshop!
sf is packed with thrift stores...and drag queens!
I got em from its fashion in Starkville today ill post a picture hold on
I don't feel safe in a government that would kill an innocent man
The House That Lars Built.: DIY fruit balloons
Dear Patron, we love you. But the library is not your personal bookmobile. We'll send it when we send it.
"The trio as a whole has that attention to detail that puts them near the top of the bop-and-after groups doing it today."
I'm praying for patient Cuz I have 0
We welcome our new members and look forward to a wonderful season of song and praise!
Yea I like the suave type - spikey mikey lol
Sorry I ment 2 put 'you'll meet him someday' and u will
awesome show the other night man, good to see ya again!
verygoodnewproduct-cable-lock: Schlage LiNK Wireless Keypad ...
"You so disrespectful But damn, I love your style"
Today 4pm: How a mom stopped runaway schoolbus. Where a robber posed as a Valentine delivery guy. 5 sites to get free music. See you at 4
Any really good book series that you guys have read? I need something to read.
I try 2 save $ by not havin my ac on while at work but i b comin home n upstairs b hotter than camel p*ssy
Y do ppl wait till da summer 2 grind?! Bitch I been mashin all year long, da #Queen gets no break!!!
Twitter.The place where losers are finally popular,the weirdos are wanted&if you don't obsess over a music artist or group,why are you here<U+E32C>
Great reads for us ! Hey, we're sponsoring with To donate, just like us on FB.
Thanks for your interest in our work, Email us to learn about volunteer oppty with Holocaust survivors.
Got 2 stay home today:-)
Michael J. Fox on The Good Wife....
Citizens of Oklahoma City looking like a white supremacist organization in their matching tees.
bought ticket AGAIN (doubling down) now told flight overbooked. Might not get on. How is this possible?!?!
haha i was creepinon your tweets and someones got a lover.
Anyone know when #Nike is planning on unveiling the new #NFL uniforms today?
That was meant to be whale songs.
i dont care, he is heaven.<U+2764>
"When something bad happens in your life, you have 3 options: Let it define you, let it destroy you, or let it strengthen you" :)
im just frusterated with the loss, had chances to beat kansas, osu, illinois, and wisconsin. Need to win when it means something.
Chazz Williams falls hard on the floor after catching his left leg on a Bulldog coming down on a rebound. He'll stay out there.
who me.? Yeah I know :)
meen talk to my buddy in a minute whats up?
#lies RT : neither
Only in science class.(; I WANT IT. *practices not smiling*
Im sorry but Tami is scary
omg it's the finale!
Congrats! Beer time!
My daughter and I are reading the Hunger Games, has anyone of you been reading it? how do you like it?
i live in new york & still have not met the iconic boyz WTFF GOES ON.
Civil law governs relationships and is concerned with liability, rather than intent. A violation of civil law is called a tort.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. <U+2665> 10
short on hours this week but its completely cool with me. I need the time to myself
Finished Cataloging and Action Research classes. Two As = happy future librarian.
Happy heart day!!! I love valentines day! :) I hope your day is full of love and happiness!
Ha ha, I agree, nice story, but... Hey, at least they listed the varietals, some marketing-heavy labels don't even do that.
#Milwaukee shout out in the #SOTU. Must have spiked the dials.
Am finding the ribbon quite usable, still getting used to it. Love Repeat and highlighting features!
paws is an amazing org. I have a friend who volunteers there. Very very good people. You can rest easy. You did the right thing.
“: whether you're born with or work for it, talent doesn't put you on top. hard work, sacrifice, and determination does. go get it”
Most people want the pot of gold dumped in their laps. Even then they'd say it hurt.
One of my all time favorites is "The Easy way IS the hard way."
it won't let me DM you unless you are following me
Get to see my boyfriend tomorrow
Are you going to stay at the Fairmont?
The awkward moment when you learn where babies come from.
sounds cool! We're hanging out at the Hilton lobby, center island, if you want to swing by.
Thanks for the RTs!
woo!!!! Glad you likey mama
T5bleen b Arab idol <U+E106>
Just got notification that the university is giving me a scholarship for summer! Woo hoo!
~ Very open! Ok, Yes. Lets chat soon! hehe Birthday Gem:-) DM me contact info or send email
pretty sure decisive factors in success of both SA & OKC is obtaining high draft picks & taking obv choices in Duncan & Durant
no...sleep...til....brooklyn!!
I had Ain't No Fun by Snoop in my head from 2004-2008
Taking a cheeto break.
trying to not be upset when i am upset just makes me upset. but no, i am not upset.
I can't tell my legs are huge but it is super bad pain
"Work" day is over, now to get to these monologues, and coming up with a plan to get to San Fran.
Having people over to watch #Twilight and #rifftrax...looking forward to some good laughs
Damn you and your locked tweets Zorione. Lol<3 I wanted to retweet that tweet about Avatar and Korra. :/
I have larger red & blue to simulate class of service. Harder to pack :-)
I'm adding that book to my reading list.
The NHL playoffs are awesome. Only the NCAA Tournament and NFL playoffs are better.
Appears Tom Brady will be ok. He refused to go to hospital. No word if anyone else involved in the crash...
its Shannon Pelosi Ty for your prompt reply it means a lot!!
So funny!
DEFINITELY!!!! I have HUGE news to tell you :)
Headed to BWI for a two hour layover...so close, but so far away...
I'm feelin you guys - I'm thinking dem saints are good for 11 too...and that's not just the Abita talkin either...
We going to be sippin on #GinNJuice RT: Really pumped about this lineup crazy
congrats on the trip! can't wait to see photos, I'm sure you're taking loads of them!
Dfish=laker soul “: Another nice standing ovation from the crowd as checks in for the first time.”
I wish we did! We are actually waiting for our license before we will be on tap anywhere but it's in the works...
yeah I'm okay, thanks for asking. If the guard rail didn't stop my truck, I'm not tweeting right now.
i will be featured on WKCR 89.9 radio today - The Musician Show hosted by Jacob Sunshine 6pm to 9pm
thanks! trying to stop by today :) RT : definitely!
U should never wear crocs on your feet. Or ur body!! Moisturize with a light body oil right out of the shower to prevent dry dehydration! :)
Okay, everybody ready? Here's a BIG HUG coming at you on National Hug Day. Let's face it, we all can use a hug.
Swag Princess You should follow me !
watching "one day" and wondering if i can stand another minute of it.
Thanks, check out some of the pics I reposted yesterday from my Dad on my Facebook. He's def. the cutest baby ever.
The RETURN of ICON SATURDAYS NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!! FREE SHOTS $20 VIP!!!! indmix
traffic reporting for the fine folks at KRLD in Dallas...also Sirius Satellite Phoenix.
is my idol BEST singer/dancer in the world
Good morning 2 all & may your day be Blessed with no stress!
This one goes out to the families in indiana that lost their loved ones in the storms today.
Happy thanksgiving! I'm @ PLAN B tonight, come on thru
not as true these days. I've made several shitty sounding recordings into great sounding records.
Just expedited an end user's case based on her giving me chocolate. Does that make me a bad person?
"The healthiest friends tell u not only what u wanna hear but also what u need to hear." Pastor John Hatcher aka 'Pops'
I'll just chalk it up as practice. Trying to implement some stuff I just learned. And winging other stuff. Hence the mistake.
If you want to jump here in the PNW, I'm down. Imagine the free fall with the mountain ranges!!! WOW!
tyler carter's sound box still says WIM ;c
I told the Internet that my gf cheated on me. No one cared. I then told it what I had for dinner. That post received over fifty comments.
. "You can get away with murder here!"
Can't wait to hear Char Booth's keynote!
thing my hair is always or cooperating with me!!
If im wrong I dont wanna be right
RT : you're the ONLY Joker in my book! #TheKillingJoke was meant for you!/ Mark is the ONE & ONLY! Now & Foreverxx
send us the link! Didn't show up in your tweet.
Side. Fire Turin Me On. Desire Takin Me So Much Higher. And Leavin Me Whole. And Leavin Me Whole.-Greyson Chance. "Fire"
Your huge tits aren't impressive if I could better motorboat your flabby stomach
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
just three right now
just saw the Avengers. holy fuck.
Its important to be prepared for everything
not sure yet lol I'll let you guys know though as soon as we have a show set up :)
Can you hook me up with an invite?
Oh NO! Not Miguel Tejada. This team has good chemistry and he is going to eff it all up.
Lol right... you still bald head
Huge hits in the #Japan vs #Austalia game. Australia wins 10-7.
Ahh would be awesome. Maybe by next year.
Yes Graham. Also found out that mince pies were given here for xmas years ago!
Probably should start LoAlbo's Research Paper...
Thanks for the article!
Tell it like it is, before you drive yourself crazy.
RIP Steve...It was quite a ride...
email us! Rishirbahl Com
something that'll teach him a lesson.
no sir. working track and field all day today.
Ms cheer tryouts tomorrow!
Geez! What was Denny Hamlins team thinking??? I could have told them it was gonna rain.
ok lets goo osu .
That was just wrong.
: Be thankful you got one
Will it ever be nice out and stop raining in #Boston? Can't wait to be in
Prof. Karlan: It's important to remember that the First Amendment is robust...except when it isn't.
1965 Volkswagen Beetle - Used Volkswagen Beetle For Sale in ...
I'm itching with anticipation ...or that could just be the poison ivy..
You are mega welcome. Hopefully there will also be a USPS on site too. See you there!
Alright guys, this is the last opportunity to break up with your girl so you don't have to buy her a vday gift before it looks too obvious.
Even tho Im not there this yr, I totally agree! RT : In museum nerd heaven. These are my people.
I think I literally hate every song on the radio.
RT : #lrnchat What an honour to jam w the ladies! <-Glad u could join us!
thanks for the follow. How are you
Tall, and tan, and young, and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking. And when she passes I smile, but she doesn't see...
hahahahaha...ok ok...vale vale
Man I need a pair of shoes. shoe shopping is not the same without you.
"Food likes and dislikes ... Matters of habit imposed by culture." Rupert Vance, founder food geographies
It's international etiquette and domestic law that you must state what kind of Girl Scout Cookie.
Latest story! sister is played the role of being girlfriend in his
Come out an play
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! U
": When is national alcohol day?" I celebrate it everyday!
Vets in some states take home larger checks than those in others. Question of why has lingered for years
nah we the same height
Rise and shine twitter! Get up it's time to grind!
Awesome tour here today with , the founder of Ignite, & , the founder of , about all things 3D
Hell, why not? The #Muse2013 hashtag begins! Tell us what you want to see/hear/do/learn. To everyone following
- Mom taking , me to taco bell , when I get done with my hair .
eating too much and watching friends. It's still so warm out, I love these hotel stays with booma. Working on new material for next show.
WAIT WOT since when do you follow me i have been dead i was unaware okay okay gonna calm down now
This is a brand new email that I'm adding. I just sent you the social media form I had to fill-out last time. Can u DM me?
Alexandria Davis is beasting this pageant. I love her and she HAS TO PLACE!
of course! it's a nice tribute :)
People at the park are pissing me off. Gtfo. And stop talking shit?
What's your favorite song on the new EP?
follow me please
Oh sigh
So just my luck.. My window won't roll up and now I don't have a car..lml
#140help How do you send an automatic direct mention to new followers?
thanks for following this NC RPR!
Thanks for the mention. Much appreciated!
follow me so I can message you back
If a project doesn't support the business strategy then its a waist of time, if it does and the PM can't see it that's a waisted resource.
I'm always so tired after school now
YES we did see a spike for Black Friday AN even more for Cyber Monday. Better than dealing with the crowds by shopping online
- Cool buddy! See you at SJ Caltrain then Mega Startup Weekend tomorrow night!
I got so many things running thru my mind, just drink and smoke, wanna flow, unwind
U are cracking me up. What happened to your dog?
sick as death holmes. N sounds good. Could of had tix fri but xfinity runs my life now.
Getting ready for my first Knicks game! Tweet me things NOT do to at a Knicks game :)
SEE PRO DOUBLE DIAMOND BASEBALL Polk County vs Tampa today at 7pm @ Lakeland, FL live Broadcast at n-xbl.com
What kind of make up was the girl wearing on Halloween? Mash-scara!
I lost my baby
Yeah it is defffff time to dye my hair again.
genius idea
If using for biz. Key element most people forget to do is set real "Goals" for each Social Media marketing platform.
i hope you die.
Milwaukee decline: March marked the fourth consecutive month in year-over-year jobs declines in the Milwaukee metro, according MMAC report.
It's okay, , as long as you're still mostly literate.
and fat
Awww. Umhmm , You don't act like it.
No, not yet, but given LibraryLand has been plagued with data licensing, consider whether triples will support that regime!
o u aint bout it baloo i bet u wont finish it
The Ponzi scheme only works once not twice. It you work for it you deserve it.
calm down.
Who has the most 4th quarter comebacks over that last 2 years in the NFL Sanchez's. You always talk numbers just no Marks
GAMEDAY!!! Time to WHITE OUT the OWLS in Swisher!! Coach Warren and the Men need YOU here in SWISHER at 7pm!!!
Thanks for the great link, ! Very interesting and provocative.
The worms outside are gross yet entertaining.. #lava game as a kid?
Hostages yearn for freedom: this will come through the disclosure of reliable and authoritative information (c) and owners
I bet my whole shoe collection that won't give me a shout out on well done 3 he don't read his fans tweets
Advised by Cleveland haberdasher that we who like beer shld wear tie clip tween 3rd & 4th buttons. That way it doesn't get mussed.
I love my last name
Happy Melbourne Cup Day! We are closed today, but will be re-opening tomorrow for normal business hours.
u back at Bellagio? How are the games? Is that Asian whale playin 10-20?
basketball wives time !
Ok great. Just wanted to make sure!
Used a microfilm reader for the first time today. What a blast from the past! Fun to learn a different piece of technology.
I just want to be at home already! :)) haha
I'm still not used to this Fall Back Regime. Everything should start an hour earlier. No daylight has been saved.
EVERYBODY STOP BY MUSICcsGOSSIP.COM TODAY TO GET YOUR #GHETTOGOSPEL TODAY ALSO FOLLOW TO GET UPDATES
Happy Holidays Everyone!! :) have a safe & wonderful Christmas.
Thunderstorm where? Where you staying at this offseason?
ketchup is the shit though, FACT
yeah lol xD.....lmao I could see it u wanted to laugh lol god she sounds like she acts tough but she isn't at all xD she funn
is starving me
I like the Undertones, but the Lizzy has 10 more great albums than the Undertones.
Well you can't have both!! And can I not pull any seniority? #fansince2010 :P
Wonder why the refs don't carry more than one flag when the #Raiders and #Chiefs play.
i know this only online baby but i would the most happiest person on the planet if you could be my girl even just on here
#BlueRock wishes our intern/ PA Louis a great last day. His hard work and great personality will be missed around the office.
RT : At 10 am single with will premiere on with &
I love One-Note because I don't need to have a thousand documents open on my computer when I'm compiling research notes...
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 37
Have a great Memorial Day! Reminder that our locations are closed tomorrow in observance of the holiday.
#Gentlemen... You deserve to be pampered too! Follow
i will be working from morning til about 10pm ha so after that, or friday during the day?
I'm off to Colorado! w00t w00t! Who wants to hang out?
It's about time you hippie RT I just cut off all my hair.
then i must some how not be following you :p
I so admire your work ethic and attitude. I find it refreshing to see in a well known athlete.
In the annals of epidemiology, is there any record of death by scheduling, then rescheduling, then rescheduling meetings?
We'll select a winner on Monday!
yea buddy its true bros plus im from district 2
Bible time!
#tears even though your sister's title reign was short-lived. she has so touched my heart with her soft & sexy personality.
seventeenuplets? Damn that must be a record. Your vagina is probably the size of your head
Actually I'm not going... Changed my mind.. Are you??
for sure
Jerz shore cast? RT : Has any rapper rapped about Montepulciano?
Tyra Banks Fires Almost Everyone from 'Top Model'
Writing model law to protect kids in all 50 states: after parents agree on parenting plan a final divorce order will be issued by the court.
O.K. back to the Mavs/Heat game. I'm hearing Lamar decided to show up.
Absolutely--I enjoyed the review/interview combination.
I only liked it when yuniesky betancourt came up.
Big things ahead for Irrelevant QB
Now my life is sweet like cinnamon, like a fucking dream I'm living in. Baby love me cause I'm playing on the radio.
Hi That was a nice article! Do you think such Apps help make Math fun for students?
Kids 4-8! Listen to/learn to tell stories @ Gibson Lib tomorrow @ 6 p.m. Light Up the Night Storytelling Club tell fun night time stories!
Was thinking the same thing --> : Today will require much coffee.
I keep forgetting to ask u who'd u see on Friday??
After the giggling stops, we shall never speak of The Great Sugar Wax Debacle of 2012 again.
No bc they fall asleep watching RT : Does anyone live tweet Spurs games? The basketball talk just vanished after the first game.
thanks for all the great pics katie...
tonight on the Recording stage - Carlton Wilcox LIVE featuring the #R&B legend SHAWN POWELL 8:00pm come early if you want to get a seat!!
next 100 people to follow me will get a promo and follow back . Totally checking . Hurry mention me
Really? No foul?!
Thanks for posting your notes - very clearly (and logically) written. :) Rooting for you and all the CS ladies!
#BVBforsuperbowl2013 come on bvb army we can do this!
Slightly booked this weekend… Have a friend in town and a another leaving. How are you?
u playing at grand old days this year??
When I see a woman who is near ready to give birth, my immediate thought is always "I still can't believe it happens this way"
life is art and art is life!
Ugh-so sad. I am sorry. At least it was a pretty day. *sigh*
I know >.< its been missing for nearly a week =/ :D how did you get $70? :)
gotta do more research on it to see if it ligit
my pleasure! glad you enjoyed
RT : Good Morning beauties and beasts!!!! #GODISLOVE <U+2665>
Amazon is listing the books on my wish list as no longer available but they are clearly still in stock. *aggravated*
RT : Mobile #gamers- check out T-Mobile's Gamebase store for top EA titles now available! users click here:...
i'm fat and ugly and hideous
!! Glad U enjoyed it.
At bay view, this would have definitely been a palagis type of day.
Need a #freemonth of #virtualoffice services in New York? Davinci Virtual Office Solutions is running a special at select locations in NYC!
Right?! When that song came on is when you dropped everything and fucking busted out dancing!! #gottaloveit!! Hhah
wishes these games were this intense all the time
Congrats to Jeff White from Nevada for closing his first HealthNation Small Group!
Going to bed - Happy 4th of July everybody!
Great to find you here - we love Nebraska!
twofaced people need to learn when to shut the fuck up.
i need vodka
Its amazing. is efficient at selling appliances. They just can't seem to deliver them to the customer.
Google automatically tells you a celeb's spouse if you put in their name and 'married'.
Special tribute to our good friend, Heather Pick, this morning. See what a local business is doing to honor her legacy, this morning on 10TV
Oh, well in that case I won't follow her, for your sake
yup I had to pull a double shift so im just trying to stay awake
best rooftop set up. Always a good time.
Happy valentines day I had a 50% good day my bf saved the day but not in school stupid reading teacher one more year then I be in high skool
To much spam my nigga
M, M, M good! That is what your mouth will be singing after a nice Prime Rib dinner at the Cow!!! Git on down here ya'll! Giddy Up!
What's coming to Portland's mentally ill, especially those who can least afford treatment.. find out at 6.
Attention ! RT : There *have* to be artisanal whores, right?
Keeping an eye on the TX Senate today in case Wentworth tries again. They're on Local and Uncontested bills right now.
jungle fever it's family throw back night. yeah
I AM THE TWITTER MASTER YOU CAN SMD
Headed to SUMMERFEST? Stop in on your way and browse.
Spanish test in the am. Dont know how to feel about it. Thinking about a lot right now. :/
I went to sleep in the middle of sending a long ass text message o_O next time, maybe!
wish i could have gone to the #monsterball :(
This graduation practice is blahh... lol
you never tweet me:((
where u heading to sirji?
Insufficient amount of bicarbonates in our blood reduces our body's capability to manage, neutralize and dump acid wastes
I think great art is always ambiguous and can't be pinned down
Think of America, or think of the children?
"it's always darkest before the dawn." Because Roger is a sh*t :)
Cc: RT : Ninja. “: Can a young _______ get $ anymore”
done with classes!!
i suck at blogging.. i know!
“: If he still communicates with his EX #YallAreNotDating” TRUTH
I watch spongebob all the time :)
Bob Dylan tunes over coffee today
I guess
Nope :) they served me with a great lettuce to cheese to dressing ratio!
I agree. sadly that is how they were bred for their jobs, for decades. next gen will change that, remake their jobs and libraries
happy sweet 16 best franddddd wish I could be there:( love you!!!
Quotes that only occur occur in an office setting: Don't spin your wheels. Let's take that offline. Let's circle back. Can u tick & tie this
Wax On, Wax Off!
TONIGHT - HEAVY GRAVITY 2 with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, 8th Wonder, Electronic Chronic & Dab II along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Thank you for the welcome. I am looking forward to connecting with you.
@ the library: this patron is so muddled she can't even ask for help in a comprehensible way.
Clearly. I always wonder how straight women miss the gay face. Anderson Cooper has it, too.
Any fans on Twitter right now?
thanks for the follow! Let me know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
que paso con el man?? Que todo el mundo esta como proud of you niall
Do you guys remember when Zayn couldn't dance.....GOOD TIMES
"The ancient Greeks believed that redheads would turn into vampires after they died." I KNEW IT!
You mean, you're not sticking around for the CBI Selection Show too?!!
Happy Birth Day and my u have a blessed and safe one. XO :)
The Construction Zone tonight! SRO available, but otherwise sold out. Take your chances - it sounds like a great play by Cori Thomas!
ohnoo. im already your Soulja Girl. (;
Bend and snap
Agreed. Suggestion: Write a column about supporters comparing amendments to molestation and rape.
THE WAY YOU KISS THE WAY U CRY The WAY U MOVE WHEN YOU WALK by THERE AIN’T NOTHIN ‘BOUT YOU THAT DON’T DO SOMETHING FOR ME<3
we need to hang out again before you leave or something
<<<< Now following
Sorry to hear that - I hope she recovers quickly!
Today's title in church was: Real Mothers in a unreal time....
you should totally create a seek on -- it works!
Check out the new EP up! Some pretty heavy shit !!!www.facebook.com/lastseendead www.myspace.com/lastseendead313
#YouCantDenyMe is by far sum of my best work. July Im droppin a classic on the world...
Have a great Saturday!
I'm talking dynamic range not file archival COOP
Keep us posted!
The things that we crave the most are the things that destroy us the quickest.
Always gonna be about the krew but if your gonna talk shit I won't be there for you.
I don't have Netflix anymore, so my old VCR tape is my friend, plus it has the extras at the end.
I haven't seen one black dude without dreads that has been drafted
Happy sweetest day!!!! I wonder what sweetie has in store for us.
Your mom is a grocery-cart handle. RT : Grocery-cart handles are dirtier than supermarket bathrooms, study says!”
where did you find this!?!? I've been looking forever!!
Sleepy sleepy airport
no mom, promising we can go shopping if i work with you today doesn't make me want to go any more. at all.
on repeat for the last hour. Can't wait till I don't have to click to replay!
^ Chase your passion, not your pension. -Denis Waitley
After a month of panic, dire prognosis and painful biopsy, my lung nodule has proved to be completely harmless scarring from airborn fungus.
Over/under of # of Saints wins this season? Or should it be o/u number of games they have enough players/coaches to compete?
We're so excited to welcome back to Abq for two shows this weekend at Thurs as Juheun and Fri as Tranzit!
RT "There has been no reported link between #OccupyCal protest & shooting at #Haas School of Business bit.ly/w1o1v9"
Thanks for sending my gift to a friend in the Peace Corps...all the way to Malawi!! She loved it!!
...or memos and reports." - John P. Kotter
the rac all day wit jeet and the hawk
Lolol this reminds me of when we used to randomly shove it in each others faces whenever either one of us got starbucks. XD
Awesome day of living for the kid. Blessed to be free and breathing is the biggest gift.... Shout out my supporters and believers
Got call center people problems? Meet with Neil Sullivan at #ataconv to learn how CallMe! Staffing can help.
Never assume that somebody likes you just because they flirt. Sometimes you're just an option when they're bored.
Congrats to the Eli Young Band for winning Song of the Year!
I just heard one stupid girl say to her stupid friend "should we get to-go coff?" I mean, really? U can't say that second syllable?
My goodness it's been so long since I tweeted! It's Preview Thursday in Las Vegas' Arts District TONIGHT! Festivities begin @ 6pm. Love Art!
Lol then where did the body paint thing come from?
Lucy, you don't know what we are on about!:P
Ivy's mini-album is amazing! I miss her voice. Have you heard it yet?
Look out! I am Sqaured Up and now accepting all major credit cards!
glad your enjoying it. c
make every night legendary
"Paris Is at Her Best in May" --- Sammy Davis, Jr.
Me and fourty back to work but we still smell like a vacation Http://saintclairclothing.com
the link goes nowhere .
#WeWontWork if you cant handle my attitude.
#resume #tips When you add a new skill on your LinkedIn page, why not put that on your resume somehow? That would be a good resume idea.
Handcuffing Hoes like the Police Department.
You can make a difference ~ find out how
I just tuned in 15 minutes ago..I have no doubt SKC dominated first half..but they have SUCKED since I turned on.
Good luck to my big sister I have my fingers crossed for you <33 :))
Bowties and business tomorrow
are you working with ? I just read there mission and it is awesome! What an amazing way to save lives.
Thank you so much, girl! :) We did!
How did Skyping w/classmates on a group project go from economics to the "Twerk" video....
they were all pretty delish
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
The senior class of 2012 finished with 100 career wins and 4 NCAA Tournament appearances. Congrats boys.
my hand is shaking..
The only time I give serious consideration to being a housewife is Sunday night when I start dreading Monday morning.
Havin a big booty isnt always a good thing becuz you dont kno if hes after you or your body
thanks. I'll check it out
Also, Manning is in position to pick his home for the next few years and maximize his earnings. Colts can move on.
"Act as if what you do makes a difference...It does." - William James . via BobWolf
i love u justin u daBeast with Swagg{: i wish u will follow me Please i love nsn3d u inspire me your music completes meluvu
Schroeder hits a grounder to third. Presley scoops, throws, got him to end this game. Mariners win.
Need to finish my holiday shopping 2morrow. Got way too much going on this week. Noche Buena, Christmas, then off to DR for New Years!
First goal? No, not Clemmy, bad D coverage. Chasing the puck, not covering their man. Tie score after two!
I'm ready to start the night! Let's go
4/28/12 I'll keep it in mind forever and ever
Did any writers use these as jumping off points for later lit. fame? We know women made $$, but did it add to cult. capital?
Finishing up in the studio this week! Laying down vocals on the new tracks today.
I've always wondered what the view was like from there.
some of you freaks make wanna change my mind on alota things shit u make me wanna stop watch rated R movies. ya'll are too much lol
"He's not going to think you're cute" LOL
Well, today's the second day that I've gotten cut by freak accidents
Gud mawnin have a gr8 day! Be safe, God bless
There's a group of us going. If you can make it to Lafayette, you can hitch a ride with us if you'd like.
Pictures would have been appropriate on Friday the 13th, especially if you donned a hockey mask
Yes, she is a delight. I'm very partial to the Poles. Herbert, Szymborska, Milosz, Zagajewski...
David De Gea just saved United in stoppage time.
Never argue with an idiot. They'll pull you down to their level and then beat you with experience.
Worked 14.5 hrs yesterday n back doing the same shit today.. y am I doing this
Awesome to both! U going to his fight?
. I think this is found in some kind of group summary. I have really liked Graffiti Walls this year.
oh okay I was like I didn't see it
Starting to get pretty stoked about this royal wedding..
And my two. RT : If y'all doing background checks and get to me, then clear my warrant out while you in there
Thank you for the #FF!
I don't know what that is? No, the parents said they would pay for me to come down this weekend...
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him ~ James D. Miles
I have nobody but myself. To many people full of lies.
Good thinking.
If he's a true artist... if he wins he will walk up to the stage, take the Oscar, and exit stage right skipping and hopping
MT : Sudden flood of orchestra performances for me next season! As in: 4. You'd think it was the 100-year anniversary of my death!
I'm still hoping that updates the #MyTouch4gSlide. I have hope!!
Whoa, when did Ethan start tweetin again? Justin likes that link.
that was fake page bro
I'm a wild boy been that way for a while boy.... 2 chainzzzzzzzz
good how r u doing?!
": HOT QUESTION: After last night's episode of "Dancing with the Stars," who do you think will win the mirror ball trophy?"Rob
Columbus , Ga! We are playing Gallery 13 tonight! Doors at 6! Come rage with us!!
Feel it Believe it Dream it Be it I was born to be somebody :)
JUSTIN! can you follow me!? you follow soo many and i wanna be in the following list of yours :)
you make me this bring me up bring me down plays it sweet makes me move like a freak mr.castronovo jr. lol wuuut?????
One's first book, kiss, home run, is always the best.
hey sophie! member me? i was in ur class last year, ms. eaton. :)
Good night homedogs.
Every wonder why people do the stupid things they do, and then they wonder why the world dumps on them?
joe. Royals starters so bad they simply are rotating guys into Kc to keep arms fresh
Making some new Intros, then gotta work on my Demo for the DJ Battle. Only Day off, another 8 hours tomorrow.
I'm getting ready to go to town. I have to take my mom shopping tomorrow so maybe tomorrow evening we could meet somewhere.
A little slow but fine!! How's ur Monday??
I feel light headed again ahh :/!!
maybe you're voting to prevent switzerland from becoming too european? what's next, the euro?? ;)
“: Retweet if you ever got caught in those "It's not what it looks like" moments.” ALWAYS
If they really want to get this party
Why are social networks so powerful everywhere else,when we so badly need them in education? Another fab question
There's nothing quite like starting the week with a freshly rebooted workstation.
Follow and RT 4 a free drink tonight (10/3) Nina Sky performs live for
": The Big Bang Theory season finale! Now on " Community on NBC is just as funny but it's a bubble show! Makes me sad
I was watching an old crossfire commercial and ghostwriter just popped into my head. ESP probably had something to do with it ;)
Agreed. So your plan would be Greinke or bust going forward? Plus young arms from A?
lol but what the point if I already know everything that's gonna happen, I might read the series your reading though :)
"White torture gives you what you want, without the hassle of having to beat the stuffing out of him or her." ..hm familiar
#RHOA Reunion Show!!!
ugh been there hope you feel better!
My pleasure. Wish I was there. Love red vino :)
I'm passing out my flyers 2day 4 my plate sale on friday if u need some hit me up ill bring it 2 u or ur job/school thx tweeters!!!
My fave line may be: "COME ON, JAPAN! How hard is it to kill 9-year-olds?"
long time, beauty! How are you? I do miss
hey thanks a lot! we appreciate it :)
God my Spanish sucks.
perhaps i shall make a loop of it and do all of the above!
When will I be able to tell if my dog is a psychopath?
U need to convert ROAD TO NOWHERE to 1-color & cut the diegetic audio track. You have the director's initials right!
Taylor!!!! entartainer of the year baby!!! We so need to trend!
Best way to relax is to sit quietly for 5 minutes. Trust me, it works.
Jack and Jill <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Just played my first game of hacky sack , why haven't I heard of this game ?!
watching "the announcement". love my docu-nights.
Setzke!! It'll be ok! I promise...
in about two hours in going back to bed lol long day at work
Box Hill Institute (Australia) generates 60 million in revenue from international partnerships
Thanks! I'm on leave, but I forwarded this to a colleague who teaches a course on African visionaries and is involved w/OWS
i love andrea russett i love andrea russett i love andrea russett i love andrea russett i love andrea russett i love andrea russett
Its really good to hear your voice saying my name it sounds so sweet coming from a lips of an angel saying those words it makes me weak.
i love white girls #white girls
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. - George Orwell
RT : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. F.L. Wright
I've never left a show in my life and I just walked out at intermission.
David just relayed all that to me on the phone. The Bross' are like family to us! Small world indeed. So fun to "know" you.
im ready for u 2 be here also": Ready to be home ALREADY !"
I Hate Dudes That Dont Respect Girls, Be Polite & A Gentleman For Godsake... I Respect Women Unlike Some Fuckin Dumbasses
Thanks for the mention. We try hard to do #glutenFree at City Tavern. Everyone deserves great food!
Red-headed quarterbacks are taking over the AFC North!
Hahah your so stupidd. I can't even understand half of your drawings. It looks like a 4 year old draws them.
Just regular US history, you?
The ting about "your mom" jokes is that they're all old and iverly used.. Like your mom
I slept great last night:) but woke up with a clogged/sore throat n no voice Where they do that at?!
"call me." "stalk you."
who is going to?
S/O to my new followers
Criss do u chat via webcam,and if so When and what site? Hope to see u next time-luv LoyalBri
Someone tell me how you gna get sick in May?? Or is that a Jordan move to make the game more dramatic?? I call bullshit on Kobe. Lol
oh, right, I still mean the cocorosie version.
Is Ronald Reagan = Jesus Christ?
DM'd Back(:
i miss yo face too :)
Grubbin too hard! Gotta love
Good to be back in Boston after our west coast recruiting trip. Just in time to welcome our 2nd #COM2016 Open House tomorrow!
OMG! Fuck You you stupid ass bitch!!!!!
where do you play golf?
k i followed him
staying home sick :(
Also, we capped the gallery events with a poetry slam fundraiser for the #ACLU. Congrats to the organizers on a very successful event.
Out of town, but have fun for me :)
Guys.... I have a power tool(:
Ok that was all messed up he was asking me and that was r u kidding me lol yea
not bad, eh? Just the right amount of 'silly' and no 'poo-poo' to mess it up. Haha
Kids growing up sucks.
Making chicken deep fried burritos 4 dinner.
Your home and office is an extension of you. Is it telling the truth of who you are?
When 15 year olds think its cool to talk in baby voices....
I appreciate the follow and I enjoyed your insights during the panel today.
#thisisallnow is blowing up the twittersphere! Again, pleasure working with you, and excited to do it again soon!
okie dokie!! Aww thanks :). But it would of been fine
never chach! and I believe I may have found something to do if you're done sexin it up on the other side of town ;)
doesn't seem like its a good idea to trade Tebow to a potential playoff opponent...
Does vandy think the 3 ball is the only option.
that's what's up. He won fair and square.
And there was ANOTHER one today u__u
EXTRA BUZZ. Lady Gaga tour starts April 27th, 2012.
After already having gum surgery once the dentist is now telling me I need it again. Apparently I'm an 80 year old woman?!
We're still living dreams.
can I get money for Callahan blocking shots
really is the greatest bit of dada comedy from a spam bot I've seen in a while. "Fish loose their teeth constantly." Amazing.
I don't ask God why. I deserve way worse then anything I get.
3,2,1 Liftoff! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
Yesterday, a 5-3 win over Washington for the Pirates. Today they play Detroit at 7:05/ROOT. Enter on our website to win 2 Pirate tickets...
good morning :) from Milwaukee ....
Are you on 4 now? I'll can come find you.
LOL, yeah TV is a bit behind.
Ugh! Chose extremely poorly in #ff this week. Played Fitzpatrick, S Jackson, Gronkowski and sat M. Ryan, B. Wells, J. Nelson and Garcon..
Just got done with our and interviews! :) it went pretty awesome! :D
How often do u get 2 Atlanta? Heard lots of gr8 things about u frm mutual friends.Wud luv 2 have u apart of a event
Went to the Penn State Alabama Game Sat. 107,000 fans, nice tribute to the fallen and the military
Heading to Germany by way of Zurich.
Nice! Looks like im drinking for free tonight!
What a lovely dinner with at Stanley's. Tried it for the first time!
I do kindle reviews on the pc all the time...odd
well now that has raised expectations we'll see what sort of follow through he has...
THIS EPISODE.
Good morning all! How is everyone? Still fighting my brutal cold, but I see an end in sight :-) Just keep truckin', right?
Packing for Denver...how much is too much green and gold?
I'll try to stop by this week. Might not be til next week. Crazy homework schedule. BTW - I'm on day 15 of not drinking. WTF?
Dumbledore wouldn't let this happen.
you can do it!!! Good luck. And it's ok if you crack sometimes. All that matters is you stick wit it :)
biggest downfall to being back in the dirty 3rd is everything closes at 9
"Now that we've broken the ice, we're all going to die." - Group activity leader on the Titanic
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665>11
FYI - the felafel kebab with wasabi hummus at is pretty stinkin' tasty. That is all.
I like your cross..I have one but I'm getting ready to get some sleep being 3:05AM here in Pittsburgh.
Seriously, #MegaMillion winner call , we'll keep it confidential!!
Holy crap is awesome. Just texted myself from my app in like 10 minutes. Super easy. cc
Thank you for the RT!!
Definitely just typed "butfix" instead of "bugfix". Bedtime.
please do! Check back often. We should have a new post up by the end of the day.
add 1 from me. Welcome aboard.
LOL! Happy New Year Sweetie
Underway... Still scoreless...
That's why you're the best.
Sketcher's launches Bobs... knock off of Tom's: same style, & mission...such a fine form of flattery? Lawsuit?
You're not alone! There are millions of us boring and nerdy Saturday night folks out here. Should start a caucus?:-)
thank God for grandmas!
thank you!
Glad to have you aboard! Send DALN social media coordinator an email @ to get started!
think it might be closer than you think. AD is prob going to be biggest impact rook since DH in 04, and they have #2 pick too
I am so confused right now.
ohh so she is gonna go in for sure?
Every morning I wake up with red fingers. Flamin' Hot Cheetos are becoming an addiction.
I'm addicted to using the calendar on my iPhone now. I will never forget another thing! If only I could sync it to my MacBook tho...
Encouragement for the Day: You were made with a purpose & destiny don't allow people or circumstances tell you otherwise
#sometimesigetsickof people .. When they start saying shit they don't even know what their talking about #STFU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
and and
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.-Ronald Reagan
I kinda want a shirt that says, "I survived the CCS migration and all I got was this stupid t-shirt." Does that make me a bad person?
I'm not some needy old dude rushin' into a classroom lookin' for confidence…
The HMS Scorpion captured 2 American ships, the Hetty and the Thomas, late yesterday just outside of the Charlestown, SC harbor.
RT : Pretending to be someone you're not, is a waste of the person you are.
Dad-"they're making a mess" Mom- "that boy needs to pull up his pants"
I love this team
Im crusin on the road of life but I need a passenger Appettite for money n im hungry like a scavenger
rude as shit
#Leo With #Virgo Tendacies =
My PTATs are always lower for FBQs tho ... it's very surprising. That's why I asked.
True! RT : Everything in startups comes down to the team. Want the best design? Hire the best designer. Code? The best hacker...
isint it amazing like a cucumber
With the new Home Affordable Refinance Program (HARP) loan, you may be able to refinance no matter how upside down your mortgage is!
Dr. Google is no substitute for a knowledgeable Dr. Personal healthcare can't be crowdsourced. Need right tools to filter info.
Aaron Rodgers ladies and gentleman.
Thanks haha. Memory failed me. Pretty sweet stuff though...
Braxton is killing me in original gangstas
Pau and Andrew Vaginum need to remove their tampons before game 7
Right! Where's the sun?!
come to cp go to server Alpine i need to show u whats costume close enough to the examples
But with Kobe marking Westbrook, who checks Harden? Ron is tied up with Durant.
Felt good to get out for a run early this morning.... heading up to West LA for the day to do some work
amen janis -
Happy Valentines Day to my beautiful wife. She's been there for over 6 crazy years of this journey. She makes the ride that much sweeter.
Why are all the shows & movies these days about male vampires and the goofy human girls they fall in love with?
Just did our presentation at Launch Day. It's amazing being with all our fellow incubator companies at this event!
it's a fucking wild ride ain't it. Hold on tight.
she just noticed on facebook and i was like hes a Giant!! Haha She says what up "lil bing"
Where are you from dear? What brought you to ATL?
echofon allows you to do that
I come in value packs of ten in five varieties.
Brother's soccer game tonight :) My bestie might come <3
IF I SEND A LINK ITS REAL WHO KEEP SENDING THEM FAKE ASS 2PAC LINKS
#officeformac i want one microsoft
Social events with #coworkers are still work events. Doesn't mean it can't be #fun, but it is still work. SeanLetwat
getting ready to start designing the new fall line im feeling really good rightnow!!;)
Out that the person made it all up? I have
I'm never dramatic.
I think the name was a gimmick to sell albums.
how the heck do you cancel an account?! unless you can't on the app...
LOL enjoy the game
the spirit of our restaurant has not changed as it is now run by the original employees that have been there from the beginning.
you sound like a lil bitch!
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book I'll waste no time reading it. ~ Moses Hadas
Awww I will never b on
Saturday night and I'm just not feeling it.
it would be FUN!!
there may or may not have been some talk between me and the cauldron about releasing some scarfs. Stick around
I sincerely wish you the best. I just don't want to hear about it.
Yes... took me three times--- said server was too busy... Hope you had a wonderful Christmas! :)
^Do you attend religious services as often as you feel is important?
I Luv & They hav the most Amazing voices, their incredibly Handsome, hav awesome Hair & dress well ;-)
NO. NOT.
What do you do if you need your glasses to find your glasses? help!
Rooting for Sarah Burke today. Also want to say thanks to for the utmost respect they're treating this situation with.
Saturday nights at #IBIZA nightclub are poppin'. Come and witness it for yourself. Come get your Saturday night HOOKUP!
and i;m fxcked up right now but its all true
Car_Marcaccixo: bring it on and fired up movies really me off because half the tumble pes and stunts are so illegal
Or Shetland ponies? Shetlands can take the cold & snow. Of course, they are less manageable than Huskies. Ah, THAT explains it...
Nice to see a ticket come across with a request for Xubuntu.
can't it be sumner yet?
will do girl! - p.s. I LOVE YOUR PAGE!! Awesome backdrop!!
Shut yo pillow pet cuddlin ass up
have you been to a game this year yet (Padres)? If so whats the win song?
of! well hows the fight goin?
I will see you there! I'm looking forward to it. I have my books ready to go. Shannon will be there.
i am working on new projects
My sermon for tonight's in pretty good shape, now let's work on tomorrow's
those two donkeys had a god time. they should have atleast made it PG13, you know?
That's what she said
Dumb Inmate: Oh no !!! Im gonna get hung in the electric chair !!!
Love the Cactus Cafe no one talks during bass solo Jeff Lofton Quartet Jobim Tribute
If you guys have a 30 seconds would you mind voting on the new poll D1C asked on Facebook? Check it on the wall at facebook.com/DrawOneCard
IT'S THURSDAY!!! Half price haircut day is here! :) We still have openings. Call to reserve your spot! 614.447.2600
lol origami...with ur random self - I'm talking about Spanish here
We have some storyline ideas sketched out, looking for someone to put them in to funny+grammatically correct sentences
you know it's a good day when I actually understand algebra for once lmfao
thanks! its already feeling better today :-) great playing, see you next time!
yeah I guess
That female on the track reminds me of Diamond of Crime Mob
Your best days are ahead - GO!
FRIDAY Rapture Jivewire! Free Sex, Free Drinks, Free Drugs + Free Video Games in the Atari Lounge $0
Do Something Congress...Senate passes reauthorization of Export-Import Bank.
Going to make a series of art done in busses or cars , the bumpiness adds some style to it and theirs so much to draw , creativity !
It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right - especially when one is right.
Shouldn't take too long, Loren. Email with the email you use to login to SB.
"Opportunities run like bus schedules. If you miss one, others WILL come. But be patient. After all, its YOU who's off schedule!—DJ T&BNOV26
99 people registered online so far for #sdp2p. Who's going to be the 100th?
lmao yes I find that guy so hilarious!
First t-ball practice was a success!
Bunnies multiplying in my back yard
Remember that first iMac that was so "silly" for not including a floppy drive? I had one of those. RIP Steve Jobs. You changed everything.
Ok leaving twitter for a new start. Probably make a new name sometime, but don't want to lose contact with lots of u
Well I would tune in if it was Vic and Gary still...but taped&ESPN...no thanks. I'll tune in at noon.
They should rename the women's clinic to the Hispanic women's clinic...
well it says early next week but I usually always get stuff from you super quick!
So I just found out that I'm part fuckin Indian !!!! :O
Today is going to be a long (and interesting, I hope!) day.
If you don't want the answer, don't ask the question.
yes! filming this weekend...next week?
all I have to say to fans is.... Karma!!! , courtesy fans.
Happy Birthday <U+E312><U+E310><U+E30C>! Miss you!
That is great! Looks like Vance wants to smash your phone!
Nah it's still being a bitch.
Register for the upcoming Green Firm Boot Camp in Philadelphia on July 25 at the Philly Center for Architecture, sponsored by The Sustainab…
We love birthdays around here. Afternoon break:
What's in the works? Web series development and clips for my reel.
where are you!!!???? With at Bistro Vendome!
Working on my unauthorized biography of , "Life is a Series of Microsites."
Is there any way to cancel DirecTV without being hit with cancellation charges of over $400???
Gotta work a semi double after wrapping
Break a leg!
why do you do that?
Thanks, Dan. I could've sworn that #TimSalmon or somebody did it.
what kind of phone u got
Looking specifically for SFUSD but I'll take Bay Area suggestions too. Thx!
Would you like that toasted?
We must extend forgiveness and not allow our past actions to cloud our current attitudes.
i regret not saying i love you when i had the chance and that chance is long gone:(
RT : I asked my professor today who was going to win the #PA12 Democratic Primary. He said "Altmire"
I gotta swing by Campus West liquor first.
Recognizing our innocence, O golden-haired Sun, arise; let each day be better than the last. Rig Veda (X, 37, 9)
depends where u want to go and what you want to do. we set up office here and can assist you in best places to go.
Late Night Tweets! >>>
Posted a ruff mix preview of my song "Mill Valley Matinee". Hope you like it. :-) www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret
does perry chen still work there?
RT : Good morning #DMV #DC, I'll b on channel 8 in the 11 am hr talking about #celiac disease #gluten and showing tasty #gf foods
On my way to to play my mothers day show. Happy mommys day!
That's the way to get it done boys!! Great win over Seattle.
how u been?
Order two please.
Trying to be reply efficient. :)
Break a leg, especially with 'The 8th Wave'.
those ones I got from nordstrom awhile back
I remember you! How have you been?
Congrats to ! Their new soccer facilities will help keep youth in that community active playing a sport they love.
Amen---> RT : THE THING I DO WAY BETTER THAN MOST IS MIND MY DAM BUSINESS CUZ I GOT MY OWN PROBLEMS TO DEAL WITH LMAO
On the plus side that means I would also miss the impending traffic associated with said disaster.
Hope everyone had a good day to all of our followers!
you better be. Lmao.
great point!!!
Just landed in Seattle!
Just received the call too! ;) “: Hahaha I look forward to Sunday night phone calls.”
Another rainy day here in PNW, gotta love it!
Follow us on Twitter
Fact. I live in the only state that doesn't allow alcohol sales on Sunday. Just found that out and my jaw dropped. I'm moving.
what was the verdict on the sandwich
My Teeth Are Okkay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I need to get my nails done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
oh...another favorite is C U Next Time! Or how about Busted Shitbags?!
This just in: I am reclaiming the phrase "BYOB" and showing up to all restaurants carrying my own slab of
McIntire was a last minute Christmas shopper...he went on Christmas Eve.
There's an all-male Tom Petty cover band called American Girls. Not as good but similar idea?
I WANT SOME ICONIC BALLZ ON MY TV
Ok i will!! RT Watch this space starting at 7pm for score-by-score updates of tonight's Moore League football games
the diet starts next week i swear :)
Just got back to ny now its off to Suzie Wongs
Had a good wrkout now time for bed to do it again in the am
cant wait for summer then no more worrying about grades !!!!
Road trip w/ colony of plastic flamingos in the trunk: fun. Using tush to deflate double digit beach balls: not.
Thank you luv!
I hate basketball that game was a nightmare
sleep good :)
Feed the family steaks grown in the yard
You're welcome hun. Have a lovely Weekend! : ) XOXOXO
RT standard social media public meltdown monday routine.
I am definitely interested in ASIST--please send me details about meeting on Monday.
Had my annual check up with Dr. Baldo at today. Glad to hear everything is in working order!
what a disgrase monday night with the vikings. still faithful.
One dirention blasting my whole way to school :)
#NP Who Knew - I love this track.
um u been moved so idk wat the issue is
I'm hungry, but it's too early to take my lunch break.
#yungnig RT : Fuck I keep telling myself I DON'T have to work tomorrow...
<U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.
have a great day Dylan :)
:D RT hahahhaha you totally made my day! :D
haha first to do it hopefully the last to get sued!
omg after that tweet about the riots iv been getting loads of tweets saying i might have a job for you go to..... PISS OFF!!
How right you are. I love your bright side nature...
man android pooooooooo
Never say never! Hmm..I have an idea..more later!
Beth Moore tickets on the wheel- NOW @ Chik-Fil-A on Paseo!!
Neon chucks! lol
BILLY BILLY BILLY
oh haha I saw that it had a lot of bad reviews when I was looking for a phone, so maybe you should get the other one!(:
OMG! Not used to seeing your face here, but I love it!! As I do you :) xo
Correct. Due to changes in state holidays in '96, the Faculty Senate (who set the Acad Calender) no longer use Sec V.
DAT CRAZY MOMENT WEN U LOOKING FOR YO GLASSES NU GT DEM ON OR ON UR HEAD
The average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime
To use a 'Like' or 'Recommend' for online magazine articles? Any suggestions tweeters?
no way that's it?!?!? I'll prob still skip school hahaha
To err is human… to really foul up requires the root password.
Oh bummer. Secret home remedy: just eat some honey. I swear it works and you'll feel a lot better in the morning.
ouch! How??
Hey Ethan! :)
I'm on my way to 5K! exercised 30min total, 8min running, 1min max run, and got the Determination badge!
#ThatEx That You Look Back On & Wonder What The Hell Was Wrong With You
Thanks , months in the making, okay, not really, a day or two, but man I was full.
• You're very welcome. I was thrilled to read it, can go a long way to repairing Braun's rep if enough read it.
The Sing-Off is a big ball of wholesome
Play ball! Enjoy the Tribe game at our brand new bar!
Definetley !!!! RT": #Bulls need to come out and sweep the #Sixers!! Give us time to rest"
In pictures: Tottenham Court Road shut down due to 'hostage situation' One of the busiest shopping streets in London has been evacuated d
"Our devices allow us to compress time and space... to mentally transport ourselves between planes of existence with the touch of a button."
HEY CONNECTICUT! We're gonna be in Danbury, CT promoting at The Heirloom Arts Center tonight. Come see a great show and say hi to us.
Shut up lizette you got it! Push just push!
Tonight for Love Your Body: Are you in Vogue?: The Exportation of the Western Standard of Beauty 7PM, Vanderslice Cabaret Room
Stay Strong <3
#happyhour is upon us & today we have pianist Marcel playing after 5pm! Plus Help #milwaukee needy by bringing in a toy or food to donate.
Love ya girl. Always rOckin the hottest shiiz!
we truly have the makings of a nice glass industry here in #StPete a pleasure!
Daily Special, Wed 04/11/12 - Thick-cut pork chop w/ mashed potatoes and gravy, dressing, green beens, & bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
looks like your already there!
This wind is crazy right now!!!
Every old person decided to come to #walmart today!
You're too kind! Thx RT : I am in awe! Job well done! Kudos to you, your community spirit and creativity.
I think you're underestimating the amount of diehards out there. Practice tweets make you feel like you're there.
Family time, then watching Kim's fairy tale wedding :)
There's something about #Tuesdays that I think I hate more than
THANKSGIVING BREAK!
school in a few hours
RT : Brett Favre's sister was just arrested in a meth ring bust. What could a Favre do to surprise us this year?
'93 Pens is still worse than this.
I dislike step boys, but im gonna admit, they did awesome tonight, I give em props.
We're going in- Dr Who, Season 1 Episode 1.
Hey hope everyones day went well! :)
We are a vendor at the Oregon Trail Rally today!!! This event is going to be huge. Shout out to the volunteers and safe driving!!
If you don't attack your step-father when he tells you the last great writer for the stage was Shakespeare, you've earned a gold star.
Snow is falling in C-Ville!
Your SAT stunt article has made my morning! I would propose marriage, but that would be rather unoriginal of me.
WHY DON'T THEY SELL THIRY RACKS OF BUSCH
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
Be safe bro
#ItMakesMeMad when david robert benjamin doesnt text me
Joy comes from within and is a choice that is made everyday. Joy is the root of enthusiasm.
the video is cancelled love, but we still cummin out 2 party wit ya'll 4 sure
and this doesn't relate to your problem but it sucked
Hell ya it is ppl there are a lot more friendly and less hateful they don't care what color you are what sex you like or anything
Sugar & spice n everything nice, that's what #soccer girls are made of...until the truth comes out via ! #whatwouldurmommathink lol
I Yelp temples #thinkshesjewish?
Your customer service just blew my mind: a nice knowledgeable person on the phone, good websites with stuff I need on them, awesome!
jose! i know right its been like.... 69 years!
I want to be there next week!!
no Sprint for me. We're on Verizon.
Very few things are as hotly debated as the Reverse card in a two player Uno match
hahahah that's funny! Hey I texted u!
this next half belongs to the lady vols! GBO!
So excited for #BackstageRush just recorded it! Love you.. Follow please??<3
that was very amusing
Its kinda boring you know... But im excited when. Da school starts already...
Did I leave my phone charger at your place on saturday?
Sleepover with (:
New starts can be AWESOME!
It's really good to hear your voice, sayin my name it sounds so sweet <3
Off to Mill City tonight!
why doesn't Gingrich get out now, or else wait until next week to announce? Pre-announcements are weird
We have new drink specials & a revamped brunch menu. Come in today 10am-3pm and test it out!
Where words fail music speaks.
well I mean he's just always talking about you
New Digital Arts & Culture website is live and fantastic! Kudos to DAC student and site designer #uwm #iamuwm whad'ya think?
Ha, awesome finale! is tha shit.
I'm a coffee crackhead :-(
For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son... ~John 3:16
omg I have to meet you so I can get a picture with you!!(: you're eyes are so pretty :3
The new lee brice cd >>>>
dang, I haven't took pictures in a long time.
yes. Makes for a great day whenever we see fans of
your welcome(: ikk :( I just thought about youu(: ..ive been good.. wbu?
i need to hit something... or someone. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
lol @ how small my school is.
Som1 asked me y I never bring dudes im talkin to around. I said I got friends like that'd punch them if they said sumthin dumb
Everyone be sure to tweet pics of yourself wearing your if you've been left behind, too!
"As above, so below; as below, so above."--The Kybalion.
Thanks for the feedback Tweet!
Hildreth: easy questions going away, hard ref questions increasing. Everybody thinks they're a librarian bc of Google
I keep thinking today is Friday
no!!!! Haha I don't wanna have a creepy guy stalk me!
whats wit dis nicki minaj sextape dat keep popping up on facebook how do i get 2 see it with out completing a bunch of ads
Dude, you are hilarious!! I really wish you would come close to Northeast TN so I could see your show live! #followback?
Today in Jazz - 1947 - Dizzy Gillespie plays Carnegie Hall w/Ella Fitzgerald and Charlie Parker.
I like those none more black jerseys for oregon.
Any plans to celebrate the 5th Friday of July??
It's a beautiful day to pick up your copy of Rosamond Bernier's memoir at the Menil Collection Bookstore.Come early and avoid the crowds.
Every single dream I have, your in it! Seriously.!
ok i shall
BEAT THE HEAT
so here's what I think I decided on: razored, chunky pixie cut. Platinum blonde with a pink or orange streak. Reactions?
"Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.” - Arnold H. Glasgow
that is super news! Congrats!
behind the scenes at bon jovi tomorrow, including production details and sound check! we'll tell you all about it at
think we get more games here?
You said slang not actually do it dummy. :P lol
This is important info: when engraving in Sydney, one should change the default font from "Maestro Wide."
"Seeding and schedule for the event will be posted October 17th." Is this still the plan at some point today?
I'm good man. whatcha'll been into?:)
you know I got you BJ<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
might go out tonight
and #natgas does and can do more! 600k by the end of the decade! And that is just shale gas
Bring on the storm!
'Wish I had time to get over to Noblesville to see that show, too, but this is its final weekend & I've already got a full one.
GM world
I'm out
wasnt the kid a finalist for the heisman once back in 2010?
Me, too. Regret not getting to see 'em. Been listening to a whole lot of Dead lately as I work on projects. Still holds up.
Health Benefits of Apple for Skin - Health & Fitness - Lifestyle: Apple has lot of health benefits for skin. It deeply nourishes it w...
I think a music video is in need for "Scheiße" after we saw debut that killer choreography at
what things do you most want to know about the craft and business of acting?
favors fiscal policies that favor rich & corporations while attacking Hard Working Americans
I fix bugs at red lights.
Yeah bro, we have to make alot of changes.
Freshman shouldn't be allowed to go to prom
yes it is..lol!!
i want a bagel this morning and by god i am going to get one x
Well, you've got until this Saturday to get your act together, Aubri!
come cruisin w/ me
Those weren't fouls?
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what'
it's anniversary & I happened to pick items with a stamp on the back! Total surprise. It was a last minute pick
lmaoo so I had a dream that you lived in a MANSION in Ireland and you were a famous dancer haay
Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: TVs will get smarter and provide a deeper user experiance.
hahaha hey you know how you watch movies in history ? Well I do to and todays is on greece my favoritee <3 :D
Apparently, though water bottles sold at recent fundraiser smelled funny, they were high density polyethylene. (aka good)
hahahaha. remember that Attestation of Virtue for staff Myrla got with ICBM? Yeah. I still have it. It's transferrable.
yes, MLK & Wright
OMG HOLLABACK GIRL JUST CAME ON PANDORA i did a routine for this when i was on Jr Luvabulls hahahhahah
GM Beautiful People!Have a positive,productive day! Dream BIG all your wishes and things you want can come true! #20days until I see him :-)
thanks for the reply and encouragement. I am still not clear about what the "it" is. I need help! Lol
This is my Spotify quandary. Downloaded, but haven't used it yet.
#InOurGeneration More kids are having kids leading to more fucked up, idiotic, generations to come.
my name is in the owner settings of the phone.
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
A poet?
im craving sumthing to eat but idk.......
Cuomo says last week "the government worked." it passed bills - reference to flurry of activity and all night sessions that led to deals
Which browser gets font-face right? Chrome/Safari. Which browser gets it the most wrong? Opera.
American Credit Acceptance is the worst finance company EVER!
haven't watched it too closely! Don't like either team! Go Bucks!
As he sails through a day, in and out of weeks, over a year and in to the infinite, where the wild things are - RIP Maurice Sendak
scheduling, booking flights, car rentals, hotels, events - all over the place! thankful 4 a busy & blessed ministry 2 work for! :)
I wish I didn't have to work! I would so be there
Thank you. Email sent.
yeah it really sucks. And yeah it would i can't wait for warped next year! is going to be so much fun!!
miss you too bruh! How's sleeping makes been treating you?
43mil? is that for rhode island?
Change my name Raven lol.
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop...
I will be at The Cove with and tonight. Geneva on the Lake. 9pm.
Based on my experience you were likely disappointed.
I can't find your tournament schedule anywhere. Anything going on tonight?
Ice cream with my family <3
You Can Call Me, Is Your Prom This Weekend Or Was It Last Weekend ?
sucks to be u and I was vulnerable lol
Evan turner had 16 points and 10 rebounds
hahaha great picture
Very excited to be attending #TEDxNashville this Saturday.
In NY and the Yankees could do it tonight! I am going to run out onto 6th and burn a cab or roll a police car if they win.
That series is not over by a longshot. The Flyers can never be counted out.
#OneThingILove French Fries!!!!!!
I'll be in like 6 of them, so there's a good chance. :)
Alright it's #MochaMonday - and it's sunny! What more can GH ask for on a Monday morning?
let me know what you mean and I can help
1 Day closer 2 a successful art show! Thank You Jesus
Darko will be taking some time off in the near future. Will have everyone posted.
thank you so much! We are honored to b n !
Can't wait to meet you in person! RT : I can't believe Thanks guys & I hope to see the whole team in Birmingham for the race
oh shit my bad, you mean 7 WHOLE SONGS? Wow what a rapper been puttin in that work, you're right has nothin on you
finally figured out tumblr!!
Listening to Jen Foster talk about twittering but not too much. Chillin at Indiegrrl
manic monday
$INIX is the #pennystock to watch today
RT RT Someone needs to have a cookout, I'm craving BBQ :p
RT : Everyone wish luck today. BIG grand opening!
Council passes 3 ordinances related to lakefront development. Sets the stage for projects & mayor's plans.
Remembering all the break ups I've been through so rough just hearing or reading the words "I love you but..." ugh
Lets go
Waukesha County now added to dense fog advisory until 10am. Vis=.5mi right now
#HBCUvsPWI with and #ColorMeBlack with #AlphaPhi is TONIGHT! Join us.
Old school Taking Back Sunday is hard to beat.
foo fighters' rope video... missed the mark
I'm kinda thinking Denver is unexplainably blessed.
Just what I (the world) need (s)... "Monday Night Raw" switching to a 3-hour format beginning July 23.
You got. Problem with your life..? You should have a problem with the people You've allowed To be IN your life..
when you have two twitter accounts and one interestingly as hell bar, gems in 140 characters and less are made.
I hope you just heard the UPS shoutout from Chris Rock
Have audition this morning for TV commercial, have no idea what the product is. Wish me luck! :)
I think so too, actually. It was nice
I always get myself in a mess!
im in Section GA.. Row GA2.. seats 194-196.. where are you?!
go follow my bestfriend for a flirty dm from me! so, tweet me 'aye' when you did so i know! :) <U+2665>
don't mess with my patriots. At least my team is in the super bowl!!! Stinker!
Help!!! needs you! DMme your number!!!
I completely lost every reason to go into Hollywood on Saturday... wanted to go to the Pinot tasting at K & L
"Set your goals high, and don't stop until you get there." - Bo Jackson
An empty bowl needs to be filled and a full bowl needs to be emptied
Gig Woof out to !
just need to shower and stuff lol
ticketmaster, i bought them during the presale
Good morning, folks.
Soo since my phone 's bout to die, I guess it's time to sleep! Night my lovelies, see you in the morning!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I didn't want to go to the same place every day and see the same people and do the same job
EPA DEP and other state regulartory agencies have research 1000s of complaints. Never one confirmed case anywhere.
JUST FOUND OUT MISTLETOE IS #1 ON ITUNES!!!!!!!!!! OMFG!!!! <33333
So fresh and so clean
lol, sorry! I have such a sore spot when it comes to #Duke. It gets ugly sometimes. I know, I've got to
WE WILL BE FAMOUS! ;) RT : I think we're using for the first time tomorrow. It might be vlogged. :)
Nice, we need you to counteract Jersey Ranger fans #SMH RT : Might be Pro Jersey in the ECF
Now I'm rather glad I decided to fly out tomorrow for
Pass me another Guinness! On the double.
my neighbors are weird
A total waste!
Season's Tweetings: Even hard core Christmas carolers aren’t sure what “wassailing” is.
line up came out on my bday and I couldn't be happier.
Free Your Game
Arrest Governor Walker, this is a coup d'état
Plaza Classic Film Festival - The World's Largest Classic Film Festival via
Ha, it's usually me RT : Yeah, I'm still shocked they did that People get overly rookie crazy this time of year
fuck both of y'all!
Thanksgiving with the fam
HE'S AMAZING <3
": I think I've finally fallen in love.... With John stamos" tyler she is sleeping on the couch tonight
Present company makes me want to stay
The boundary lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; surely I have a delightful inheritance. Psalm 16:6
Is it me ? Or is twitter 2 hrs behind logging tweets?
#whodat pride Always!
One question: Will you ever tweet?
One more business trip (today its New York City) then it's home for the holidays and focus on family.
How are the "little" projects coming along? (cont…
“Songwriting is a muscle. If you continue to work it, it becomes more of a part of you.” –Jason Derulo, interviewed in MC November 2011.
Hey Man props to the Raiders...Denarius is gonna be a pimp!
you can totally be my plus one
So, the very first was a hit. Thank you to everyone who helped. More thanks forthcoming.
Heading to Revenue Rockstar event. CMO Phil Dolan to highlight some great lead gen results we've achieved together.
Check out this video!
you're so smart!
Lol i no rite
oh yeah right. i forgot.... he bailed on his other cutouts to go play with other cutouts and still not win anything
I think Jesus Christ was a philosopher backed by a huge bank.That, or a great comic book still in circulation thanks to a publishing giant.
"Get Shopko's official royal engagement ring" it'll be embarrassing when all the engaged girls at the trailerpark have matching blue rings.
Cold weather blah #iwant summer again "/
thank God you're in this class otherwise I would leave!
Go Jersey Boy Mr Bruce The Boss. And how great is Patty?
“There are only2 ways2 live your life.One is as though nothing is a miracle.D other is as though everything is a miracle.” - Albert Einstein
Going to see terrence blanchard at 8pm blues alley show on 7/29 (join me!!) & it makes me want to ask, what's your favorite spike lee movie?
im proud
DO NOT LIKE! I missed part of the show - sending prayers to the HSS family. :(
i love it acctually
Great!!! I love big studio romance comedies. That's one genre they always seemed to get right. You got a title?
Mad props to for his come up keep it up homie
What did you think of the Josh H situation?
yes they have gotten long
We loved it!!! Spreading the word now!!
Had a good morning
thanks for the kind words! We really appreciate it.
Don't forget! Extended hours and DOUBLE REBATES this Thursday on qualifying products. Details: 1.800.382.1099.
C Bolton: Another police car vandalized at 14th & Franklin,sprayed w/ some kind of accelerant
Ill be looking out for ya ;-) RT I will be down there June 15th for sure.
My pleasure. Hope to see you on Broadway!
Spending one more afternoon on KISS FM! Enjoying another beautiful day! :)
WI needs more money 4 financial aid-- the WHEG runs out every year. Just found some: $25 million in the WTG. Stop funding privates.
#replacebandsnameswithboobs jonas boobs
Apparently, department chairing duties include dismantling paper shredders.
The Week in Celeb Twitpics (PHOTOS) Out with the old, and in the with the new! With 2012 just around the corner, many celebs took it to T
Watching the avengers
All Y'all! : Y'all > You guys
I never smoked before. and i never will.
THEM CATS CAN'T RAP.
sure thing :D
read it so far(: it's in my favs.
Ohioans reject Koch; Maine is poised to reject another line of Koch as well. 2012 not shaping up well for radical right.
“ Nothing comes in between us..so you can never seperate me from your love”
i going with the pats! :) The giants are good but the pats are better!
yay :) your at dads house this weekend and moms next right ?
i feel the same way, so true. before we know it, summer is just gonna pass us by.
the strawberry pepper jam sounds good. Where could I buy some?
thank you!!! “: Great work on behind but catching up on episodes!”
Forget sincerity. What about his rabid and unrepentant homophobia?
could you please follow ?? I'm getting really tired and i'm about to go to bed. So could you follow me and make me happy ??
Indonesia is Waiting For 1D
'If I Never Wake Again' has helped me get through so much shit this past week. thank you so much!<3
#InsideIndianaBusiness this week Mayor Larry Haag will be answering some partisan critics concerning
Is anyone else thinking... Russell Branyan?
lol no! *changes subject* do u know a guy named Alphacat?
WORK AT HOME TIP: Get some exercise! It will help you focus and make you feel better.
Bout to get in my crunches for today. This boost my stamina.
So before I left this morning for work my girl attacked me and kissed me all over my face #greatmorning :)
Best wishes! I hope everything goes well for you!
ive officially purchased my tickets for the monster truck rally and cirque du soleil
Be sure to stop by the rugby o-fest table!
Apparently there is something going on with an Abby downtown.
sweetie pies here in STL!
it is not spelled unst....
An the last time the Redskins were even in contention for a Super Bowl was??? My point exactly. NY GIANTS Defending CHAMPS!
We just put the finishing touches on a major piece for our IAAPA booth. This is the biggest booth we've ever had for the show!
Lou's tweets ;3
It takes great courage to make decisions toward change for a better future. I commend the President for making his call for progress.
Moms has been my #1 since day 1
We're open early today (right now in fact) for the pub crawl, join us!
... Thank you for RTs
Thank you so much!!
RT QOTD: "Be optimistic. It feels better." ~Dalai Lama ... Yes! Hopeful to see our son out of the hospital soon!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, , :)
long but fun day. Now to work on some new tracks
Lemme start gettin ready for work
Niggas chase women, we chase dreams.
ewww... hopefully it sounds worse than it is! Tell your Red Raider friends to simmer down.
sure...and what you told... @/69day69 that you fought with my poser!
Scored free ticket's after a co-worker's wife put the kibosh on him seeing NIN. Her assessment: 'They're scarey.'
Apple or Android? Well ofc APPLE..
Follow my gifboom
heey bro!:D
HA! It's cuz I, too, procrastinate that I'm up until the wee hrs finishing work. #flexibility at least ;^)
Your a homo but I ain't complaining
u going at midnight tonight
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison
Love my spray tann(:
The woman who took our order at breakfast was exactly like Bon Qui Qui, but meaner.
Enjoyed "Pa' Todo El Año" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora
So the cup is still 78% full...
and that literally translates to "water party" hahaha
Gale Herrera from OleMiss: users like to use Google Scholar as a gateway to library resources (libqual comments)
Brrr its chilly. Stuck inside today? Ready for this storm we may have? If you want a delicious hot pizza, you know who to call.
Obedience is better than Sacrifice..#Power Words
I think this might be the year LeBron finally gets that ring
Oh prom..
grinding homie Bday on sat u back in town
yes in deed! if only it was rayray!
Clearly you are in for birthday cake martinis, yes?
Ours is a world where @ is replacing ©. Attribution, not restrictions. RT
So jealous of Madison and Nick right now.omfg. Let me be you.
WoW the grey sold out super fast!! I didn't even get a chance to check out… Guess I'll have to wait until the next batch. :(
Varda related: do you think we should make a cat cake for the party? If so, how?
Me too(:“: #WhenIWas13 i already was listening to when no one else was yet”
people add stupid things to songs all the time on there
Talk to me I'm bored
The weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful, and since you've nowhere to go, come to Bimbos and eat CHORIZO!
are our final drafts for speech due tomorrow? cause we don't start presenting until thursday..
me too! can i send you my grocery list? LOL ;-)
lmaooo twitter is good but I just think tumblr is a lil better lol
Post-nap blindness.. Might just roll back over and go back to sleep.
Is it odd that i love Night time over Day time?
Don't feel too bad after tha accident yesterday. Thanks for coming to get me.
how worthy do you feel right now?
Participating in Leadership Kanawha Valley today: visiting my former unit - 130th Airlift Wing ...
haha i miss youu too! Where do you go to school?!
I just finished a 3.42 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Good luck to coach Dunaway and as they compete today in the HCAC swimming invitational. Going for even more personal bests!!
beautiful day for baseball <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Enjoy your diabetes.
No work in first period <U+E420>
is like Pac-Man and all the other companies are like berries
Had a good conversation with about our differences life is to short to not get along! We are moving on!
Entrevista con Big Time Rush!!!!
We believe that Reno is one of the greatest cities in the USA'! Get out party! ;)
Spring doesn't end till June 22
Follow my bro[:
Its about time you came around .. <3
Aberdeen with Katie and Dana! :-D
Great picture!!
how can you sell such a classic? If I had 20 id buy it just because lol
aw c'mon man! I gotta have something positive to tweet about. After all, stats are for wi.... er, never mind.
hope the wedding planning is smooth sailing! have a very different kind of proposal for you...email me! hugs!
finally got a twitter
Are you a fan of Goodwill on Facebook? Make sure you pop by for our Make My Monday coupon today! 25% off your purchase all week!...
taht's awesome!
Thanks! So lucky we found it.
Lmfao watching #glee so funny
The Art Engine recommends your paints.
you should also consider contacting fresh direct I bet you'd be a hit w/them!
slkdkjgdhklsgh i am so excited for codys Coast To Coast tour!!
branchout giving me server error with a whale very similar to that of twitter. couldn't they be more original?
IGNORE the bully
we knock you out of the playoffs like its our job
Hang'in with some of my favorite ladies tonight!!
Any dinner recommendations for 3 hungry library students?
#Yotes up 3-1!!!!! Chance to wrap it up Monday night!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!57
“LOL” is the new way of saying “I really have nothing to say”"
Why is everyone tweeting he must be online ;)
I love you.
Jason Stathom looks like he's up to his ass-kicking ways in Safe. Could be fun.
Twitterpation is a deadly disease....
you said it...V-8 could have made the difference today.
Hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July weekend!
83 degrees in Phoenix.
I would put on a green turtle neck to hide them then smack him for giving me hickies.before I meet his parents lol :-)
Better win I wanna go to Disney
do you have dance tomorrow?
re Hazzard #Morey Does not ring a bell, but contact me through www.unyg.com and I will try to give you some ideas.
:( I get out of work at 6
How did "Somebody That I Used To Know" by Gotye gain prominence ACROSS commercial & independent radio? It's a totally OK song but not fresh.
THE JONAS BROTHERS ARE IN THE RECORDING STUDIO AGAIN AND IM SO EXCITED!!!
i hope you feel better i know what you're going through one of my friends did the samething last year if you need me i'm here
RT : "In heaven, all the interesting people are missing." - Nietzsche
watching movies and snuggling up with my teddybear ^.^
“: oh so perfect! Thank you!!! can't wait to snag some great stuff!!! #snapconf” Yay!!
Game time! Let's go ladies we can do this!
HEY! YOU! WRITE A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER. Let me rephrase: YOU'RE WRITING A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER.
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick.
So episode 4.5 will come out soon guys. And sorry, episode 5 will not be this week. BUT, next week on Sept. 20th is Jamies Elsewhere and
Today is day two of inability to comment of institutional preservation.
Analysis: Texas vs California: A tale of two budget deficits
It's Ruby Tuesday! (You'll meet her later, if you play your cards right.)
lol sure I finally figured out who u truly are...dont front
She's so beautiful, and I tell her everyday
After the doctor n Qdoba I'm going to tan! PeeWee is making me feel bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
MT : Super excited for this week: major actions at corporate shareholder meetings of &
I was wonderin' who beat me to the punch.
Obamajam is great on a bike. The cops and Secret Service were very friendly.
Girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, and an education. Cause 10yrs from now, "SWAG" isn't going to pay the bills.
go by the look on her face. she half looks like she wants a kiss and half looks like she wants you to play with the puss.
There's also sometheing to be said for having the highest first assist rate in the entire NHL
Sorry I missed your Ustream
Oh... you meant the Neely's... not Grom! I haven't been to the one in Nashville...
u may be interested to know that the creator of ScanMan is a huge Steelers fan ;). Great icon!!
Awesome photo! We love fans and !
eek that sounds terrifying, I hate spiders
Glad you get to go & that your Dad knew of it. :) I lost my mom to cancer & often think of things I wish I cld share w her.
Thrifting with my brother
happy birthday !!! hope u have a great day!!! :)
Looking for an icon to represent a web browser. Have already purchased your icons sets but can't find anything. Suggestions?
Congrats buddy! “: Can you keep up with The Flud? They raised some money and now they are hiring! Hot new S.D. company."
Just got a thank-you note from a group I recently spoke to. It included a critique. Huh.
put us in that thoooooo
For this believer, Bach is a huge highlight of Lent/Easter too!
What's the Cheapest way to add the most value to your home? It's painting of course! Let us make it bling and add some Ka ching.
i need to get rich over nite. funk work.
Mother's Day is right around the corner, drop by for the perfect gift or a little treat!
Anais Nin~ Life shrinks or expands in proportion to ones courage.
Thanks! Maybe I just thought not enough detail was shown.
Wait, someone is passing out smite keys? I want one!
You know I'm not one to break promises, I don't want to hurt you but I need to breathe
racks on racks on racks haha
Thanks to for presenting us with his balls. Nine of them.
When you wake up with your feet out of the covers and then pulling them back in
Picking out wine is like doing your taxes…sure you can do it, but why not ask a pro?!?
Fuck up outta my store dawg
good to know!
It's about to go down. Let's get it!!!
Saw a girl on campus wearing an avengers shirt.
"And I'm about to break!" ~ Chester Bennington while packing his suitcase for spring break.
Don't think I didn't think about it. Lake Forest or Grayslake locations only about an hour away.
here we go usa
that's excellent, congratulations man!
A4. I once paid a quarter in Ecuador to ride in the back of some windowless truck... totally worth the 25 cents
John legend 1st cd was so bomb !!
Mattrezzz Guys has the president himself signing autographs all weekend for presidents day...just teasing...but we do have a great sale!!!
lol i know it, but once i took his shirt and stuff off he was ready for running around in the back yard.now he wants 2go swimming
I may have gotten a bit sick from my FRIEND,but if I did,it's like FRIENDLY FIRE.
Sent in my history dept. scholarship applications today! hopefully will be proud :)
TGIF *real talk* ,,,meeting my girls for drinks to start da weekend,, check!
Have I mentioned I hate running?
Has anyone coined the term "Investigative Design"? If not, I call dibs.
Arrived at the vogue theatre to set up for the show tonight!
to who
I swear though. Everything "weird" I tell Kevin, I can tell Lauryn. She doesn't judge me for shiiittt.
When will this boy roll (all the way) over? I mean he plays the piano!
Watch this...
~ When i'm kissin' u my senses come alive ~ Miranda Cosgrove
Jeff knows Newt & Santorum are Cry-Babies about Romney they will never stop winning when Obama spends Billions against them
Don't put out, i'll put you out. Wont get out, i'll push you out.
nah I don't have a kid, but I understand the bill thing lol
Our Hair Team has been playing product BINGO....we have our first BINGO!! Congrats to Jamie on winning BINGO!!!!!
aw (for real)
RT I never showed up in her dreams,I am certain, as people we keep in our memories rarely have a place for us in theirs.-Yiyun Li
with Bain it was "Heads I win, Tails I still win"
Phone doesn't appear to be charging....
hello :D rt this if you like lady gaga :D
obviously it is important... But okay...
But Gates (after being persuaded by Warren Buffett) realized he could do more than just hoard wealth and generate rich offspring.
I need a drink. Preferably an alcoholic beverage.
Thank you for following up b/c Twitter did not give me that blue dot to tell me I had msgs, so now I have them. THANK YOU-HELPFUL
Sitting by the pool w/ the other part of the package deal....Kellyayyyy!
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit
dude do you still remember your skype?
I can't drive silly! Haha.
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it
hey bella :) long time no talk... been busy with life in general, and im horrible at writing back... how's life treating ya?
Last King
- he could start practicing his farewell speech?
that's probably,because you are gay(:
Thanks Amanda, I'll try!
Have fun In Nashvegas !!
Tonight 5-11 The Miami Food Trucks are at Hollywood Young Circle Arts Park. It's going to be a fun night. Eat
are you serious?
We want to take a moment to thank all those who have served & who continue to support our troops when no one is looking.
Cooke: we need community organizations that work, get out, work for, and LISTEN to the people
steal an gta
Ok let me know.
The English center is set up to provide support to families so they can all learn together.
It shouldn't make a difference how old Trayvon was.
#WhatDoYouWantMos I want to win season 7 of ABDC. Love y'all and wish u the best! Good luck! =]
Happy Birthday to !!!
HBOgo is the bomb--log on and see all the episodes of HBO shows.
Watching fear factor in HD and I am disturbed
tonight was super fun!!!(:
Hella horny ass people up in this bitch ! LOL
That awkward moment when u don't have a dog so your excuse is "my fish ate my homework"
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 LOVE YOU.
Bottom of the ninth, and the Nats are attempting to hang onto a one-run lead.
Having a dog sure does the heart good! I get greeted with genuine excitement!
While curling his lip and looking pissed off
thanks Bro! I appreciate it
“: #YouKnowImMad if i have blisters on my feet -__-” that's totally your fault! You left them in my car!
Haven't been on in a minuet . Back tho ;)
Thanks! RT : Love them all!!!
Once again, thanks for sending that out :)
We were both young when I first saw you
OK, , hilarious prank with your redesign that doesn't show highs and lows on 1st click.
the junebugs are out. the cat is at the window, amused. i assume is in her basement, hiding until July.
Utah here I come, you can run but you can't hide.
Sending good vibes to for his first mini marathon of 2012!
Who do you count on?
Brown eyes, I'll hold you near cause you're the only song I want to hear
Sal, you're supposed to be in my corner!
thank you (:
. pres Daniels 'Bloomberg school of public health is where we do globalization best' in 120 countries; now recognizing Frank Burch
Does Friendly Farms from Aldi count?
add me on draw something ;)
haha i forgot about that bracelet!
and congrats ya'll can't wait to meet him!
Dieting fuckin suckss.. But it will absolutley be worth it in the end!
Tomorrow, i'm going to dye my hair red. Oh, and get 16 handles with my cousin. It will all be vlogged.
Don't cry ! I wrapped your present and it's on my school bag !
awww tell her i said congrats ! and whats she naming herr?
RT : Do Not, Kids I Repeat, Do Not Live Your Life Tryna Make Your Parents/Anyone Happy. DO WHAT YOU WANT.
the undeniable right to home ownership, but medical care/insurance, not so much.
I'm about to deadass walk though.
enjoyed our reading tonight, best!
Unresolved conflict creates emotional distance, emotional distance creates strangers.
Sitting on a #hammock in the backyard and putting a press kit together. Working can be fun
RT : It's fucking cold out everywhere get u some longsleve tshirts and hoodies from
HI SMITHY
Working on think tank today. Lots of cool technologies out there.
Wow...from the guy that lives in Atlanta. RT : Phoenix, Chicago and Denver have the shortest average sex sessions at 26 minutes
yeah 'cause like we were just oovooing but had other important stuff to talk about like eggs. Dinosaur eggs.
#Scottiepippentweets I meant to say Lebron is Jordan and that make me Wade.
Live tweeting from the CDC meeting in Chicago on infant meningitis…10 Angels here in red. 120 attendees in all
she can be a real hoot.
- Lovely weather tonight:-)
Martin told me that I look very "dynamic" today.
aight bet I was in that area.....daddie duties lol I feel ya on that
Bon Bons in Belv Sqr should have it. We also deliver to tmrw. You can get pints to go from both.
Solid lineup right there! So was that Fake Emilio or the real one?
My Aunt was a strong woman. Even in the cancer that was taking her body, she chose to be positive about her life.
Well if the SB was graded based on commercials and halftime, let's just hope there is a sliding scale.
cant wait to see joe Saturday ...i miss him
yeah I didn't think the movie was out yet, but then I saw it on Netflix. I'll definitely have to watch it.
gettin my twiiter followers up there so follow me
Everyone, I have something to admit. I am .... a fan ..... of Justin Bieber :( I need some courage to come out to my family about this.
attention mixing engineers and producers, The legend himself Dave"Hard Drive"Pensado has a new weekly webcast. CHECK IT OUT!
P. Manning to Redskins on a 10 year, $450billion contract. Yes, billion.
They said Kobe was having diarrhoea. Hope none comes out when he jumps.
it tastes fucking awesome
thanks! R U still dwntwn in the AM? Looking forward to seeing you soon.
Mixed feelings about being a senior next year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
New Facebook coming for King Tex! Stay tuned!
James Dean.
I wish it were 5/15/12 already so that I could cast my ballot for I wanna see my ward move forward!
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen Your Hair Looks Like Some Skittles
MathWorks Announces Simulink Code Generation Targets in New Freescale Motor Control Development Toolbox
I know where you sleep...
How do you get some one to change their ways to make life better and to be true to what the original goas where? You don't...
anything special happen when you listen to "Friday" by Rebecca Black backwards?
i wish dinotopia was a real place.
You're spot on with signal vs noise. Also: new content is important, vs countless retweets of the same material
Buh yet yu don't make a effort to go class
Had to RT this. You're brilliant, friend.
Did you know that Dr. Maulana Karenga created the African-American holiday, Kwanzaa, in 1966?
which event?
Ya'll dont know the story that go on backstage....
lmao, did her mom leave dirty pads lmao
“: I think the Cavs should draft Britney Griner.”
That said, stupid Ravel String Quartet CD. Why you gotta be misfiled?
Someone familiar with the law will help get a settlement for the wronged party.
im too tired. that's going to have to happen tomorrow (but i know what I'm going to write on, whoohoo!)
Obviously Not lol
Thanks for sharing about
RT : Just once I want the guy I'm crushing on to actually crush back. Ugh I'm too impatient for love.
Yes please! Those really were the glory days with the Dream Team.
#supportlocalmusic Live now with some good songs. New ones too. Stop by
Wonderful presentation by from Don't worry - information will be available on SlideShare.
having the same phone doesn't matter anymore it's all about the case coolness modulus.
Enjoy your meeting here with the
haha! We feel the same! Oh rain..
Wondering why is too cool for #48hl?
how about a hometown acoustic show? I like the sound of that.
When an old man dies, a library burns down
Double booked for next Wednesday. ChiRunning intro clinic or LaunchUp?
we're coming over in a little bit!!!!
Looking for people who may be at Devil's Lake State Park
I FUCKING HATE LOVE BUGS!
Problems don't happen TO you, they happen FOR you....to learn and grow <3
check out Bean & Bacon Days in Augusta, Wi this weekend. Lots of activities and excellent parade on Sunday @ 1:30.
you're performing there?!
About to go to Lunch have a lot on my mind sitting here trying to get more fans on Twitter and Facebook. Hmu!
ABDC was everything tonight. Shutout to all the amazing crews....
I am great!! Thank you!!
RT : Hey guy! Lol.. What's up Jessica
pick up a copy of Flavor Magazine (Virginia), Grubby's in there!
If these crack heads start fighting its going to officially be the night from hell.
Get this last day of work done.... planning on this being an epic weekend!
Stupid insomnia & subconcious problems.
again recommends the boxed wine!
well said sir, well said
excuse excuse excuse football or hoops team in top 25 this year? Didn't think so-EMBARASSING
There's always one teacher who makes you get nervous inside.
Men's Tennis: Eagles win two doubles matches at NAC Individual Tournament to conclude season.
follow them they rock
Can't wait to see SC students for the review! (Phy 135B) Spread the word for us :) The review will be 3/31 (Sat) at 5PM!!!!
So, #suffolk2012 grads, what #suffolkthings will you miss most?
I went with an old classic for theme music today. If you thought that one was sick, be very afraid for Tues. morning ;-)
One day.
paranormal hot spot?! Eeep! Sounds fun/creepers! Now I'm totally interested.
Durlak/Weissberg: We should invest in evidence based programs that enhance social, emotional, academic development
ugh... It was so difficult. Like pulling my eyes out with nothing but a spatula. Haha just kidding. It wasn't that bad.
I feel lonely. I need to sleepp
you are too funny.
ack cliffhanger! Must see week 4!!! Good luck!
nice! Quite fond of Nerstrand Big Woods for the hardwoods too. And the spring ephemerals. Dwarf Trout Lilies ftw!
do I write my own music
your body is amazing how can I see more of it
I'm playing the computer. Does that count?
Lots to Come...
next time we see each other I want to see these Fro Yo skills! #madplaya!
Austins almost on!!!
Just experienced Beats by Dre!!! My ears are in love...
I felt a kinship with many of those responses. We all have our blocks and challenges. People think writing for a living is easy.
Third times a charm
Just don't click on the link ...
Fun fact. Gena Rowland from The Notebook and many other movies, was born in Madison, WI. Crazy.
IM SO SCRD 4 THE ALG 2/TRIG TEST UH I passed it b4 but taking it again is just ruining me Y didn't I just take Alg 2/trig this year :/
Somebody tell me why I KEEP underestimating this woman -- whew!!
I feel like the white jacket makes me look more tan. Is that weird?
Making mixes for breakfast.
I like this!
I've been reading but not blogging...how has this happened. How did it get this way?
I'm busy today though. ):
Merry Christmas to those who Celebrate and Remember the Birth of Jesus The Christ. Namaste'
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.J. Petit Senn
Oh these poor people on TLC - suffering from odd unexplained illnesses & the doctors can't help them. My heart breaks for them.
..and we do apologize, your score had not been updated. Please check again.
Looks really good! best of luck to you! really like colors!
#Milwaukee come in and discover your new favorite #FishFry spot at the New Brass Monkey 700 East Layton! Call in Orders Too!, 414-486-0484.
Nice article from on about Harper's Playground project at Arbor Lodge Park. Proud that UP students are involved!
our general manager will be there and he'd love to chat I'm sure!
In my post, there's a list of 84 bachelor ballplayers from 1964, including ancestry. I find the various "negro" designations fascinating
happy Monday! Can Steve see yet? Coffee in NoCo this week!
Today is driving me crazy
Ugly nxgga on here thinking he Mac Daddy ... Sit the fxck down and shut the fxck up
I wish he was so I can get a tweet from him
how's the movie?
Ah. Thanks for this tidbit. :)
too much gss sun
Never again will trust be an issue with us, simply because, there isn't any anymore
#AmericanAirlines no wonder you are in bankruptcy, your customer service SUCKS!
writing a song lol
Don't lose yourself in attempt to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
Now to watch Scott Pilgrim for the sixth time in like, three months to work on my project. It's ridiculous that it's only kinda gotten old.
love you too:)
so heteros deserve rights because they're hetero (how they were born) and you and I don't cuz of how we were?
overheard: "my hand is so sticky it is stuck in a fist"
Mahal Draws Sheamus into his 'Clutches'
Ai #Weiwei, "Liberty is about our rights to question everything."
Lol. Our river tends to be naturally greenish. ;) I'm not a big beer fan. The only 1 I like is Leroy Brown from Southern Hops
so very awesome!
MAny high school coaches ignore the movement of the offense after the ball is in the post - how many practice vs those screens?
hey tony cbujshhh
I update my twitter every 2 minutes ... I update my facebook once a week
This bitch got candy for days in h life
Thanks for the +K Greg!! Cheers!!
wonder why...
Why aren't you following and ?
Last night while we were sleeping, Jay donated $5!! Thanks Fun Friend! You're just like Santa Clause!
You actually tweeted... LOL.. Be careful bro... Take care of the family...
I will not judge you. Thousands would, but I won't.
U finna be all tatted up huh!!? lol what u get?
- is not going to RT our comments, only the fawning ones...He shoots, scores & ignores
You know you love me (;
These refurbished little boys annoys me you all gonna respect me
Fall deeper and deeper the sirens are singing your songs
it's been a long time since austin tweeted about 11:11
S/O 2 all the Beautiful Mothers<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>Happy Mothers Day<U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
"A mid-weight wine, slightly tart and not too heavy"
Many changes are going to be made this week!!
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from
rOw RoW your ORR...
Thanks for tuning in tonight everybody!
Giuseppe so great to run into you in San Francisco hope you found as much inspiration in the city as !
Wow, this facebook shiz is crazy. Looks like people in Kenosha, WI (my hometown) aren't super techno-savvy. facebook.com/MrRyanBlue
But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends
And that's a surprise? He's a Mormon! Liberty is not exactly a bastion of Mormon scholarship.
i wish vickie was drafted to ecw,lol bo, she still on raw:-(
Man.... At what point do you sit Hosmer?
I'm gonna get a job, leave town and not tell and post a pic of me near the Eiffel tower....
If you haven't tried our Marinated Manchego cheese yet, you must! Cubes of manchego marinated in olive oil w/ herbs & spices.
It's just minutes and highways...
...getting to be very good at making signs for the nonfiction section with clip art pictures & numbers combined! 598 = Birds!
It's amazing what Black Sabbath has done.
RT : Success is just a matter of luck. Ask any failure. --Edmund Wilson
Mac --> Ronald McDonald!
loves it!
becomes 16th #MLS club w/ their own place. staying put. #DCU & #Revs? <crickets>
I'm looking for teen moms to interview, must live in #Gwinnett County. Drop me a message at
Had a great time with the family; it had been so long since I had seen them! A 5 1/2 hour drive back and I'm happy to be home.
Wow, I just retweeted On purpose.
Thanks for the love !
i dont even know who im taking to power house?(:
We're hoping to do so! We just need the dancer's & audience's continued support & it will happen!
that sign wouldn't work in the infield
My first mod shift.
You should really try to make it if you can. I think we'll be playing with the twitter gem you were learning about last time
Finished reading 3 books today & still tackled several things on to do list. Now on way to dinner w librarian friends. Happy Monday!
never giving my dog a bath again! she jumped out of the tub and i had to chase her around my whole house soaked and full of soap -__-
's race tweet gets tweeted by twitter. ": give the man some Twitter love...a definite first!! “: Fire!"
WHERE IS THE LOVE (8)
awww. So what about you
of course we are!!
I just registered for #ISTE12 #SIGMS Forum & Breakfast. So glad I got a space! Breakfast spaces getting low!
heck yeah! But only for ONE #Stupid wbu?
“: hope you feel better” Me 2! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>Awe! That's sweet Mr. Bailey!
It seems like most of the time I go to concerts, there are a disproportionate amount of short men to tall men. Makes seeing stage easier.
Wished for cancer? RT : let's get #RyanKennedy trending. 9-year-old with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
im doin homework >.<
On my way to cocoa/ Cape Canaveral / with my cous today :) let it rain God.
you know I just LOVE to OBLIGE
ALL NITE & ALL DAY!!! RT turn the fukkkk up!!!!
Thank you for the follows:
LOOK LIKE IT IS GOING TO RAIN TODAY OUT HERE IN SACRAMENTO CA.
Watching 's Ustream! I wanna buy those Earphones! So cool. :)
in middle school?? Thats so weird...but im talking about paperwork and working at the meets
Just Left 3 Storess , & The Galley Now Im At Wing Stop ! ;)
ChocoLee Chocolates is back. Re-opening thursday March 18th at 23 Dartmouth Street in Boston's South End. Come one, come all!
Its gonna be 82 degrees in #SalemOR , #KeizerOR , #PortlandOR , #PDX . Hottest Day Of The Year So Far!!
up to 10 of last 13 heads up victories... I think I should keep playing them...
How swell is it that my number one man, and the #Packers made it to Playoffs three years in a row?
Can some one tell me ir i shud have facebook because i dont know if i shud have one
On Office Hours w/ and Paraphrase TP "You can have the best strategy in world yet must get the ppl stuff right 1st"
I don't care that He Who Shall Not Be Named won't say our name.
I think I have enough...if the student workers don't raid the jar too much in the next few hours! :o)
People drive like retards
yea but my name means merry christmas in french =P
Thanks for #listing #WritingEditing /books!
kyra: you're such a dork me: and you're a pregnant goldfish kyra: no comment me: my biology teacher called me that
I was born during a tornado (for real) and I'm pretty sure I'll die during one (not so sure about that part)
my #marchwish is that you will follow
tx for the nyc reports. i plan to b down close tmw in detroit. happy to provide u updates if u want.
Good for #KrisBoyd. Good for the #Timbers. Good for the #Rangers. Good for #MLS and American
Obstacle courses available for the kids as well a variety of information & products for pet owners & lovers alike! today!
Smoking before bed..
For all the talk about getting the game under control, this first round has been one of the most brutal I can remember post-lockout.
Its okay for your swag to change around diff. Ppl but the way you treat your friends shouldn't change for the sake of u impressing someone
get your tix soon, we will SELL OUT again !! > RT : Setting up for New Years Eve. (@ Gaylord National Resort)
That would be Radical!!!
Congratulations to the newly crowned Miss Teen Nevada International 2012, Kari Anderson!
Thanks for the RT :)
Today's pick: exemplifies The #LatinaEffect. A Latina making a positive effect on our community.
RT : Yep. I like the close "just to be clear I want this job" RT : Ask for the job? Really?
a fire hazard lol
sis that's my song
Thanks Florida for being bipolar....again.
while all the mush heads are out pretending to be Mexican & filling their empty void with booze I'll be havin fun doing shit that matters<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
OMG!!! You are my two favorite people on YouTube!!!
To the person(s) that broke into my brothers house today: I'm waiting for prosecution. Then watch your back.
When I was in college our main libary had < 5 power outlets in places non-staff could go & we weren't supposed to use them
Have fun!!
So thoroughly sorry to have missed at #NITLE. Happy to be following via weirdly functional Amtrak wifi.
its awesome, I saw the trailer for new one it looks cool but not sure because actors in it
:( “: U better come down here. Beer, oysters, beef, turducken. U should take a tour! Bring & Juliet!”
don't need makeup to cover up being the way that you are is enough
Dear men, Pure Barre is for you too! Guaranteed to whip your body into prime shape, and hit those muscles you just can't get to in the gym!
I've had this problem ever since I updated to office 2011, but there was at least always a recovery file.
It's getting hott in here.
.EVERYONE!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
#Fulbrightenrichment panel starting with and
no he's not! :'( don't even go there!
but to pull one mid-game that you are scheduled to carry is different than one you didn't carry at all
It's just as fun to watch him dance as it is to watch him play!
Ignorance is going to kill society
Your CEO Tom Galante is a wonderful spokesman for the library. It's such a crime what is happening to libraries today.
New Year resolution to get involved? Send your email to support transportation planning, S, 1942. Read more...
stuck in traffic on the Jersey Turnpike
u pocket dialed me and I'm going to sleep for real now
I hate it when people just text "K"..
if our ancestors thought like you during the civil rights movement...you would probably be someone's maid/helper
Notifications about accepted and rejected session for #AHA2013 meeting are now out. Had an unprecedented # of submissions--over 500!
white girl problems
i figured :)
Wheres Troy been?
The cure is baking strawberry cupcakes. Works every time.
Damn U Sexy
I wish I could dm u.....BUT I CAN'T D: .....could u.....possibly change that?
Have a good time in Dallas :-)
You too :)
rats! I missed your reply! Great atmosphere tonight. I was in the back corner of the bar, near the pass-through
I already after eating that salad
Im going through changes ):
miss you drew! come say hi today :)
Full Moon? Lots of snippy and crabby parents at the library. For once, I'm not one of them.
Don't get mad cause yo man still call and text me more than he call and text u. Bitch get a damn life. # SMDH
but on a serious note, I just ran out of coffee. THIS is NOT okay.
thanks to you!
I'm getting a heart murmur from this... // RT I love awkwardness. Thus, I love this talk.
SOX: Hush up, #RedSox Nation. Adrian Gonzalez delivers bases-clearing double to tie score at 3-3. He is 5-for-10 (5 RBI) in series.
RT The path you take is your choice, no one else can make you do anything, it is between you & God what path you follow.
Hm we will think about it too! We love Crunchies!
is it available for all phones? I have been hearing so much about it
We're covering Warped Tour! Well, I'm not, but our girl is! Have any bands we should hit up? Any questions you want asked?
Thank you for all the well-wishes. Please stop in tonight for a last-minute, Post-Fire Thank U Happy Hour. 2 for 1 rail drinks from 5-7p.
Time for me to go and play my violin at my concert.
April is Mathematics Awareness Month! The theme for 2012 is "Mathematics, Statistics, and the Data Deluge"
": Life is very good. Very"
I'm thinkin that's it.
yes! I saw that! I'm hoping to go, however may be out of the country then. Would be a great concert! Good lookin' out ;) x
lol thank you(:
Last minute cleaning before company comes! What is on your "must-do" list if you are having someone over?
Don't come back from Hawaii without a tan! ;)
Getting through the past seasons of Mad Men, kind of wish people still got dressed up everyday. But what would we do without yoga pants!?
Portland, OR!
Yeah, yeah. We get it: The Hunger Games is the single best thing to ever happen to us as humans...
damn big hommie that movie u got 35 in tickin funny ass hell carryin around the water jug
Victor "Tito" Santana shared an Instagram photo with you
To take photographs means.... putting one's head, one's eye and one's heart on the same axis. - Henri Cartier-Bresson
I need a man that'll actually play his role as my man instead of a boy imitating a man bit failing drastically
We'll never turn our backs on humanity.
Oh man, SUPER jealous.
Can I get one of those shirts in Skittles/Seahawk green?
"best interest" clause is in the NFL Constitution and By-laws, Article IX.
"your fried"
I see you up there
Hell yaa...Nice all week...Have to paddle out today for Andy Irons. We are closing the shop till noon for him.
I'll let you know bc I have to talk to work to figure out a day. Why can't they take them on Saturdays!?
Great 1st Q for the #Blazers. Love this team
Sorry for sounding like dumbass, but when you guys hitting the Mid-West on Warp Tour? So I can try to get tickets
#awkward when the kid sitting across from me texts me in class and it say "im not drinking red bull its peach vodka want some?" im like no.
Great job today! Thanks for your help.
Yes, he's great! I'll have my asst reply...oh wait, I don't have one. I need to become fabulous so ppl will work for free 4 me
I'm sad that Lala is going byebye. You wouldn't happen to know of a good alternative (besides Pandora?)
When your passion, power and purpose come together, you will have unlimited God-given potential. Check out Ephesians 3:14-15.
Dr Dillingham of GHESKIO will fedex the wonderful first grade paintings to a doctor colleague who will bring them to Haiti on Saturday :)
lmao, i love fukin with those clowns. how are you doing?? :)
FAKE! FAKE! YOU FAKE! FAKER! FAKE EVERYTHING!
What a man's mind can create, man's character can control.
hit my line
#HowardSternsPenis his intro package was fucking amazing
Oops I accidently ripped Ben's Kettle Chips bag open... LoL
TODAY IS THE BEST DAY. Sheraton Premier, you better be ready for us.
Hell yea RT Twa was pro =')
bounce that booty like a basketball
Don't miss "King in His Own Words" forum at the TODAY at 11 a.m.-featuring Kent Germany & Michele Rubin
Just updated my phone so i wil get twitter updates!!! haha yeah
i hope everybody's day is full of yoppin' activities
hey there D. :) Under the weather, but hanging in there. Baby is too!
I'm learning Kim :-)
Genius! RT: Lets do a modern family where gloria leaves al bundy for me because i help manny become a baseball star.
Physical activity reduces colon cancer risk by 47%.
Can he pick it at short? The Giants need an upgrade.
Worst H.O. Ever ... But its Worth :D
Mavs WILL beat the thunder
I wonder when the day will come when I'll no longer be constantly trying to prove myself to myself
Totally agree after Cabin Fever he got lame.. How is Taylor Allderdice??
Whoever's in charge of the #SCTop10 needs to take Blake Griffin out to dinner at the end of the season. Making it too easy!
being a mahomie is about LOVE, CARE and SUPPORT . That's why were the BEST !!!
Wasn't even close. RT : Love twitter. Universally slammed national anthem.
Met with mentors last night - revising business plan today. VST Instrument on iPhone/iPad? What do you think?
I think you'd be fine. There'd be lots to talk about. Minimal violence. No skin.
The Lucky One is an amazing movie.
Get your case of C+Swiss Hemp Ice Tea before the whole country band the original HEMP Ice Tea 420 friendly!!www.myspace.com/justbarleylegal
baby, i can be your motivation (;
Can anyone recommend a good flatbed scanner? Preferably one with a 11 x 17 bed.
Love is about trUSt.
Tonight at #phametour culminating show at the Aladdin (7 pm), we celebrate inspiration + talent of PHAME's incredible students!
q4: how do you motivate or inspire others? what do you bring that helps get others involved and excited
#MM #MusicMonday FRIENDS!!!
RT : I wonderful what my first meal on US soil would be if I was Amanda Knox...
93.9 commercial about our show tomorrow! Haha its funny to hear fat matt talking about javelins.
It feels as though I haven't tweeted in a while. So here goes nothing.
Too much on my mind, can't sleep. Dreams are not my friend.
for the most part.....yea lol it is
Remember singers: pasta is good for your voice and it's super cheap.
Waiting for the flight back to DC - thanks to all councils who participated in this year's conference.
no life
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her. ~
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Walmart "Big Sleep" Lay-away
HAVEN'T TWEETED IN OVER A MONTH.
Big mother fucking shout out to the best best best friend a gal could ask for for turning 21 can't wait to reunite love you
We gotta Software Engineer in the class :P
#YouKnowYourADirectionerWhen you hear the word direction and smile. (:
Gonna get my first tat this summer. Who wants to go with me to get it?
Research? maybe?
Ticket sales haven't yet been announced for the Maritime Ghost Conference. Check back soon for details.
Love is when your puppy licks your face even after you left him alone all day.
good god, ruby. you need to go and think long and hard about fork safety. this is way too annoyingly difficult
Home sweet home.
Bring back the draft you people have to much time on their hands if you love this country like you love Rush then go fight the real enemies
Aloha and good morning! Hope everyone has a blessed 'hump' day!
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't like guys who are clingy..but if you don't act like you care at all then It wont have to be an act for me.
At the mall with the moms
I'm a big fan of Yunnan coffee. Everything that rises from the soil of that province comes out quality.
A watched feed never tweets.
Since I'm up, I might as well watch Arthur. Maybe I can find a way to include it in my writing.
Just arrived in Orlando, and peeling off the layers. Now, where'd I put those shades!
We think it's a great idea! #foodie :)
Haha, I mean, it IS "Disney couture". Still, anything with teeth beats everything with glitter, no?
oh ok
Not being able to sleep because of the sunburn on my neck <
Cooking channel : innovative events for delicious and easy meals. COOK WITH US Giada
Thank you! I can show you how to do it! Your hair is the perfect length for it!!
'Protect this asset with the number one provider of GPS tracking-->GoldStar GPS!'
Come by Chicago French Market today! Our outdoor seating is now open!
Hm...Yep, I think it's going to be a problem for him.
at church & work at the same time. :)
Have a good weekend!
i was at legit boy scout camp, not cub scout camp;) and i would never!;)
Yep! I'll have it up either tonight or tomorrow.
Cant' wait to read the Cd linear notes. Nuff Respect. Take no Prisoners doc. I'll fill you in on my dealings later. Peace
OMG what a nightmare! Good luck w/ that! : "No joke, Tania lost her passport and boarding pass. And we forgot to collect our i-20"
Enjoy the nice weather, Pittsburgh peeps. Have a nice evening!
You can't get what you could get here anywhere else.
What does the "zip it" option in Tweet Faster mean and so. Please advise anyone someone. Ty
probably not good to be with another aquarius then.
One of these days I'm going to go to the bar next door & chug a beer on my lunch like my coworkers used to do 10 years ago!
I suffer from the same saga. Not fun. Good luck, girlfriend.
Don't enable. Empower <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
idkkk I've been looking through it and can't figure out =/
:) thx! Fishbowl lens and awesome pic courtesy of
Thank you for rectifying my issue. I could not be happier to have received that call this morning!
Had a good time in ATL. Now headed back to LA
U have any SN stuff from the show you'd be wiling to sell me? I was such a huge fan!
Who wants icons?
Lol I know; how are you?
Enjoying the food at Cedar Restaurant? Tell us how much.
You should begin to feel results in the first few weeks of consistent use.
Watched Zookeeper today with my love ;)
Chillin all day then class at 6 to learn about plants...holla at me
Can't wait to see the homie tomorrow and listen to the remix.
Is it lame that I can't wait to get the kids to bed so that I can watch Super Tuesday results roll in?
Someone should be there to catch the broken shards. RT : "Tried to save myself but myself keeps slipping away."
That would be great ! DM me or call me at the Brooklyn Museum and I can give you some more info
Some girl tweeted me saying "*NSYNC IS OLD. 1D IS SO MUCH CUTER." and I almost throttled her.
Monkey shines candy. Too hilarious. Accent, IMHO, light ;)
Collaborate with Southeast Seattle Education Coalition for research opportunities. Learn how to be involved on Fri 5/25 3:30 pm in CMU 226
Inspiring to hear from Wade Henderson, CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights!"
When it comes to "handmade" artwork, I will ALWAYS prefer the artist who I can see actually making the art instead of a generic shop.
your birthday is four days before mine <3
Great tweeps who share fabulous ideas!
You read my mind dude! I was bumping that track on my way home from Spanish. You destroyed that last verse.
btw, did I ask you if you're doing AWP in Chicago this year? Did we talk about that?
Agreed! RT : Wow, really played a mellow mind-blower of a show tonight at Masters at work.
that's the rub. It's too easy to pretend to be something you are not. however, you will always get caught.
Seth Aaron
do I even have to tell you how ridiculous I think this woman is? She's off my radar
Another not so nice weather day in Maui, but I'm watching whales play from the window on our room. That's pretty cool.
Bath then bed!
Only instrument I play is the radio! I'll be enjoying w/a drink & a friend. Dixon is happy, however, to share the floor w/u.
Need.Inspirational.Quote.
loner freak
Merry Christmas!
Welcome Back Peter! RT Guess who's bizzack?
Time to get my shit together. Panic doesn't help. Gotta control what I can control.
me tryna get closer to u
I have been good bro! Yourself?
Suck it up buddy. I still love you. haha
New Joe Jackson now playing on WFUV. Dig it. Duke Ellington tribute. Some Duke up next.
What a heated day !
Thank you! Our management was severely crippled when went to pay model. Went from 0-1500.00/mo. for level we were at.
1st week in Dec , but signing up soon , putting team together now
Twitter nation watz good!!!! : )
all good bro I appreciate it
Rico's Roughnecks…ballin'
your old gym?
im pussy and cant hang at the oaks
It'd be easier for it to trend if u sent it to LMFAO x
Come visit J.S. Edwards in Harbor East. We have Psycho Bunny, Southern Tide and Thomas Dean to help you look chic in the summer heat!
Nothing like waking up in ya bday suit!!! #Indepedent I got mine own
I'm late! But smacking is smacking. Don't smack with gum, food, chips NOTHING!!!
For the record, KU IS 5-0 when I change shirts at halftime
#mentionyourcrush no thanks... i keep it on the DL.
SWEET! Brazil REQUEST C MAGAZINE as well! i'm in Los Angeles and i love to have the EDITOR C contact! CHEERS! :)
thanks for the follow. Still have a lot of Strictly Rhythm vinyl in rotation for my 1200's.
How do u lose weight?
#Christian #fundamentalists: isn't it enough that you've condemned me to hell when I have to hear your constant proselytizing here on earth?
Thanks for all the support! xoxoxox
That's not to say I don't enjoy the bombardment...
Going on day 10 of a 15 hr workday. Taking the weekend off to finish painting the bathroom and work over at the new rental property.
RT If you've ever wondered about a future in which your brain will sync more seamlessly with machines. bit.ly/pKCPeK
hahah WHAAT?! Keek now rules. That is super freaking awesome. Well thanks to keek, we can now be best friends! partaaay! (:
Got you bro!
ordered in Thai food, tinkering with the internets, and now to devour a stack of books.
I have 2 cats- how about you- thanks for RT!
That was a Webapper company excursion to Colorado in 2009. 2 day speed rally through the mountains.
Please vote for !!! 1-855-864-2303 (because we know he is MULTIdimensional)
is killing me right now.
"STOP LOOKING AT ME, SWAN!"
Oh, I can say something inane alright!
nothing will take that from you. Talk about tuff you got that for sure.
When you think you can't that's when you must!
NO!): Omg i better not get sick from you spitting in my face from yesterday
the same for my sister...Great Post!!
its billy, dj from apt 720 can u get me plus 3 on list to come see u tonight?
#Authors #followfriday sign up 4 her newsletter and get her "Publishing Tweekly" report-brilliant
Somebody just asked me if I'm high that's how tired I am right now
he's still Doug heffernen's neighbor, gloating in his above ground pool, looking over dougs fence from his inner tube.
#orphans8 Matt Epler now talking about a cache of 16mm films found in Jordan and the crowd sourcing project he's started to I.D. them
Does anyone on here watch The Client List???
#100thingsihate racist people.
John Williamson is in the greenroom at Arizona Midday. He will be on the air at 1:08 pm!! Getting close!! I wonder if he is nervous?
Storms all day! WTF!!!!
no, meaning that it was extremely retarded, even for spongebob standards
awww, love her
For the record, I checked and none of these albums is on Spotify. It's not flawless, ya know.
GET YO AUDIO DEVICE ON THE DANCE FLO' shake that analog connection baby UH feels GOOD
hey boo thanks for following me u still and I still like you
happy birthayy hope you have the grandest? Birthayyy ever woke up early to say happy birthday love you vin!(: its easter!
#FF she will help any #actors with their career!
I would love to see Aldo vs Mendes! He deserves a title shot!!! thanks for listening
When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in confederacy against him --Jonathan Swift
Undercover boss abroad could be my new favorite show.
Ask 411 Movies for 05.14.12: No, I Expect You to Read This Column!: What are some good Mother's Day films? What movie does Sylvester ...
near knoxville
Be classy.
I won't tell him its our secret pahahaha
Check out our new background and logo, let us know what you think
hahahaha LOU! We voted my love :)
#Eureka tonight
Thank you! I hope you are doing just fabulous!
. Please look at intersection of 23rd & E Streets NW. Very dangerous 4 pedestrains. Traffic lights are confusing.
- Talking to my X and I say "Oh yeah my baby is Alex Sensation coming on - y me engancho!" LMAO Gracias!!!
According to a new #AshleyMadison survey, men who drive #Toyota vehicles are more likely to cheat.
glad you're playing for Detroit, otherwise wouldn't have realized your tweeting prowess.
... You want someone to call your own but you don't wanna meet anyone? Hmm ok lol
CEOs are hired to deflect anger at unpopular and immoral corporate decisions. They're highly paid, white-collar fall guys.
dude, you were hanging out with a 1998 PTAnderson character.
": YES! :) has announced the BOOSTER GOLD television show in development. #skeetswillbethere" best news all day !
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust10
Do you think Dwight Howard is actually gonna be a Net ?
People should help me get more followers :D
The Motto <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Hi can u please follow me??;*}
I still call it East! Anyone else still refer to Straz as East?
O, somebody got drunk texted. Now when I hear #LadyGaga's Monster song, I going to remember to change it to "that boy is a drunkard..."
what's up man? Where you heading today? Me and my gf will be at hollywood studios let's meet up
When people stare at you <<
I wanna see people trend Page 100 or even 300 of 366 and not miss one day
Seriously, if the Bulgarian Legion had #TeamStream, there would have been no Crimean War. Just riots from 1853 Raiders fans.
Congrats to and on their competition today!! Let me know where you guys are going. would love to go and support!
Chicago. Time for dinner and rest before making people grapple one another all day tomorrow.
Lol, i know you cant, if you did, there would be something terribly and horribly wrong, lol
Sometimes I wish I were still a student
one day will notice me please make that day be today!!! :) <33333
I hate my life-_____- lol
School em Doug... what a clown! Lmao
plz send me friend reqest on facebook if you have one my name is lealy lysol spray just tell me u ganna friend me before you do it
on my way to beautiful new albany,IN for the big IU East, IUSE matchup...should be a good game
Not strictly, but I'm sure lots of people wish they could do more of that stuff but can't due to money concerns.
tomorrow I'm working with woody harrelson, michael caine and morgan freeman..for the next week on a new movie being made here in new orleans
In a really deep thinking mood tonight..
officially now on my list. Thanks friend :)
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x8
In honor of "FLAT TUESDAY" $2 pints of Walkabout all day. Join us for Social Hour for 5 Buck Bites all apps on $5 3-6pm.
": The Colts are going to regret dropping Manning...."
me either! And kitties are just adorable ^-^
I can't take this anymore
Today's BTU inspiration: "This, right here, right now, is heaven. Breathe it." ~Jeff Foster
These "occupiers" need to occupy...a job.
Palmetto Bay officials estimate $9 million to build the garage - will money come from all that promised profit at Thalatta Estate?
Any comments on if spectral imaging reaching (cost/tech) point where more projects can use it? Or is just in the news more?
can't wait to see you either!!
Oh fuck that j cole or nicki should've had that.
Hey Maeci! Thanks for stopping by! I felt really dumb when I saw your card and realized you were...you! Hope you enjoyed everything.
The deep freeze in S. Fla. Pulling out ALL the stops.
Spiritual practices (sadhana) are not the ultimate in gaining spiritual liberation. They are the means and not the ends in themselves.
May soon apply equally to the NCAA final RT : Parents let their kids watch this stuff? Probably shouldn't.
you're welcome
TY!!! Both! 2 bathroom remodels & improvements 2 home office/studio!!! xo RT : Sounds EXCITING!!!! Home 4 u & Coach or Work...?
gonna sleep now you?
is that a metaphor of some sort?
Brew Crew can clinch this thing today! Let's go boys!!
I'm up, but tired. Kept waking up last night. Couldn't stop thinking about stupid stuff. I'm going back to bed-Restarting my day....later.
lol I do not go to the mall almost every daay pssh pfft~
So hungry
when you wake and up is already stuck in your head, you know you are going to kick today in the ass.
“: I may be a real bad boy, but baby I'm a real good man. -Tim McGraw” this is hott
It is 3:18 on 3/18! My birthday time on my birthday day!
the leprechaun in this episode of south park ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT IT NIALL SEND HELP I AM WHEEZING
Up early for #SMBMad! #UWSocial edition.
yeah my bad.
RT if you have #neversaynever3D on dvd or blue ray! (purple ninjas)
Heejun not in the bottom 3? Is America deaf?
blow pops make the world better.
ima call you ok
Mother's Day is this Sunday right?
Seriously though...what's the night to go next week?
I miss you :/
Sitting on fb with the hubby smh folks doing the most
Bad for image, is bad for business!
Friends and family discounts till Monday! Find your discount code at Facebook.com/endurapet
Devotion? Check. Coffee? Check. First class of the day? Check. Great day so far and its only 10am!
Dig your youtube channel beautiful voice
Obama is a bad man
Just figured out that very large percentages of Pell recipients in my study have measurable depression-- eg upwards of 30+ % at many schools
Making it rain like its 2006.
#jobseekers-minimize job-hopping by not putting dates flush right, use () right after co name where they are less noticeable
So the Native Americans are giving out loans. I can get $10,000 tomorrow, I just have to pay them $62,580 for it.
Enjoying happy hour!!!!
looking for this to as good as yesterdays match? Prob not but still good.
Well, I'm out of class early, thanks to my baby man!
class then timee for a much needed weekend
WOW thats sad
customer service at GReads has helped me with some of the wonkiness. Very helpful in making things disappear for my sanity
The ear bud beats by dre fucking suck
What the hell is wrong with Heath Bell this year?
Do you ever plan to do a Challenge from a different Game like Sonic Riders Zero Gravity or Mario Super Sluggers?
Love the fashion show at the #Oscars. My fav so far.....Stacy Keebler and Michelle Williams.
Great play by Cruz
cool love Walmart haha and it's was okay yu
So cool! My sister had a home water birth. It was twins that changed my mind. You are my hero Leah! You can do it!
I wonder if you guys can follow ? If you try, lemme know how it goes.
; You have a google+?
professor PDA is actually adorable... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
a day to remember, january 27. leggggggggggo.
"You've got to find what you love... Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you will know when you find it."
Matching is for squares
My car has 280 Wingless Pegasus Power.
Got free tickets to a early screening of "Battleship" >>>>
Totally a pleasure having you, of course.
crossed the 500 follower count on twitter this morning, only took 2 years lol
I think we took a Chance,this is Not par for the Course,but 1st Round Grade talent,7th round Character.
Just drafted you for my fantasy football team. Don't ask me how. Like Nike says, I just did it...
I can't wait for lunch boa...
HAHAHA I love you Court.
What is on the agenda for today for all you fine folks today! enjoy the weather happy Friday!!
aw, we are of the same cloth!!!
what's up ms Valencia
We're back in town!! When are you and coming over next?!
someone is going to find him and take care of him, that's disturbing.
": Guys #NeverShouldYouEver wear a tshirt with rhinestones on it. Girls #NeverShouldYouEver be with a guy wearing one."
I thought the Texans and Falcons were your teams...Are you taking Da Bears the rest of the way?
: 33Across Taps More User Data Than Facebook or Google for Marketers by
beside my self to have missed your chat- a min. 2 late:(
Prepare for all kinds of disasters with time to spare: FastPreparedness.com, and then don't sweat it!
alicia keys is such a DOG!! lol
Yes, seems like there are easier ways to keep your wireless network secure.
can I make that wish come true?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
check it out dude. It's on Netflix Watch Instantly... You have a couple hours to watch the 4 seasons before the finale tonight.
Brilliant. RT : So it's official...Wow, some game. On another note, Junior just finished the Lehigh book...
almost made me feel better, but I'm not done studying! I hate it lol
I'm excited for conditioning tomorrow :)
that's good!(:
Spread the word and like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/lovepopsdc
Still in the waiting room waiting on my princess to come from surgery :-(
GOOD NIGHT EVERYBODY ! :D
The #GrapefruitHusband (where men discuss issues & share ideas on how to become better husbands) will be starting soon. More 2 come. Pls RT.
Have Fun:-)
good morning Simon! :D
Finished an hour early. Thank goodness. And I'm out. Ooooooweeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
Great #work with advanced #focus mitts combinations tonight. See you tomorrow at East at 10am for
RT ": Much love and respect to "
Manpower Professional, COMSYS and Jefferson Wells have combined their considerable expertise and experience to create a new company Experis.
RT : Really great video by on Collaborative Consumption
Yes, --absolutely a wonderful evening!
Road trip tip: The one thing you can control fully is your attitude. Live by the three P's, be polite, patient and allow plenty of time.
Kids are sleeping. Time 4 #writing again!
Oh school , I am so over and done with your ass ! -___-
Why push the Big Dinner Box if you can't order it, or any 'za, online (from 1990 M St NW in DC) or via phone? So much for
This has got to be Streep. She'll faint if she doesn't win.
...that marked the high point of the winter social season
basketball evaluations 2day went great. i feel so confident! the new season should be awesome.
Most Leps aren't functioning economic areas, they're functioning political areas
it just seems to get better every year and Bluray seals the deal
One of my biggest pet peeves.
Get texas holdem poker tables at www.eproducts4less.biz
Thanks this is way late just learning twitter but u rock:)
Finally finished and sent out my update. Sometimes the hardest person to support is yourself, ironically
I'll be in LA soon.. Hope to do some networking with you
Larissa and I just watched The Tourist ... Hoping the brain damage is only temporary
yes sir. Been an unexpectedly rough season. Ugh. Lol. And thanks!!!
thank you!
Why did they suspend the match vs. moving it to centre court? Unreal
YAYYAYAYAYAYA. it's 95 degrees now... so sunny!
Todd France on NFL Network in 5 minutes. Talking Free Agency.
Does being on TV affect Charlaine Harris' work? "It makes me grateful but it doesn't affect my writing." (c)
Special #ffollowfriday #ff to the HDS social media Stars! Thanks tons for your support!
A TRUE Leader w/ influence does not have 2 ENFORCE his RULES. His followers willingly go the distance bcause they buy n2 the Leaders vision.
What is the moral of this kids speech?
Oh, no... RT Layoffs approved. SD board of ed votes 5-0. This means 1633 jobs cut.
- Wow! Can't believe it's been that long, but I'm so happy you did or we wouldn't have Vegas.
First week on the new job and already off for Veterans Day! To top it off I get to see my munchkins tonight in my new home town!
Wickedly bad sport coats. Look like horse blankets
Good night twitter
Tonight was amazing! Thank you to everyone who came and sang their heart out with us.
also recorded by Max Bygraves
“ Houston next week!”that's where I need to be
Parties Tonight!!!
if my coffee pot doesn't brew any faster, i'm gonna burn this bitch down
hate how judge mental so many people are theese days
fab i will (:
it's wave and wave after blue rolling by Walk Ons
Met the White House pest control guy. Masters req., he makes 6 fig.s and there are only 2 in all the fed gov with clearance.
- The best hockey news in the country. Get it on your phone, android, BB, or iphone today!
it was called the 'paramount' t-shirt
Idk what to do
I've often wondered how reviewers are chosen with regard to this. Is it a careful balance of content vs. stats knowledge?
Want cute clothes that show off your fabulous curves? Follow us! Thank you!
A friend wants a CMS that is *not* designed for blogging. Told him you don't have to use WP for blog, but he still thinks it's too bloggy.
All of our services come with Free Inspection RT
zomg! So cute!
hahaha I do that kind of stuff all the time. Oh well... there's always tomorrow :)
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA+' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
Yo are the spurs going to win the finals? I'm thinking yeah
Thursday: iPods & Craft Beer specials. Bring your player and be the DJ.
rob, why do u think they don't reply to your emails?
At Boulder-Fairview baseball. Knights up 4-1 heading to the fifth.
no tomorrow #superball and i can´t fly to #newyork !:( </3
Browns fan or get fucked by an elephant's trunk.
OMG GUISE SHE'S DATING VIN AGAIN! no. do you even check vinnys Facebook ? because you look like an idiot right now .
Kate Spade planner, why so expensive?
Koo shit.. Hit me up when you touch down bro...
That girl thinks her shit don't stink so I pay her no attention
Matt just let out a giant "m" at the beginning of track 14. We'll see what happens at 18 :)
nice we have a new champion
Henry also said he's heard a 4th round-free agent draft range from scouts, teams. Did insists he'll be happy anywhere, just wants to play.
oh it says twitter via iPhone
We love our eyes and healthy vision! Happy Valentines Day!
OMG I LOVE NEW VIDEO, ITS AMAZING EVERYONE GO WATCH IT
I love following fellow West Virginians!!!
na but she need to be on it
are we in process to have a single for RP album maybe even a release date?
You all make this Svedka work, okay?
is there Zumba tonight?
Walking dead video game and Breaking Bad? We're tv show soul mates.
"Everyone has a different yardstick for success, whether it’s marriage, children, a satisfying career...I had yet to achieve any of these."
Nice outfits. :)
#Str8LykeDes... Need a sweet snack...
those who act receive the prizes (aristotle)- did u put ur action items together for the day?
probably at the one at cielo dude
okay ma'am. I sure will :-)
yes you make plans and someone comes along and ruins them at the last min
Great shoot today with the Dream Team. It is an honor and a joy to work with our entire cast and crew.
Show this Sat.. J&B's Tavern don't miss this going to Rock the Mt. Carmel area Bigtime................
Those are great! Thanks!
so true
Dalai Lama on #CNN ...so happy right now. Lovelovelove
But either way, I'm fighting fire with fire.
how do u kno u dont live in the u.s.
Siri has taken Genevieve as a host body and from now on will speak on her behalf
wished I lived in S Carolina so I could vote Cain (Colbert) in the primary It'd be nice to see Colbert get more % than Perry
soo when the hell is senior ditch day?
<--- over here deepthroating a spoon eating ice cream.
We're thinking of you and praying for your mom.
Thanks for passing that along! Let's grow!
the new iPad is really heavy
Lol dog bit her butt
I got my mom a card and a box of her favorite Godiva chocolates.
RT : fm : Houston day care owner now faces 4 counts of murder in connection with last month's fatal fire...
going to bed night <3
I'm buying you lunch when you get home. Forreal.
Thank you Robb for getting us here.
What was Chi getting at when he said what's important is re-use, not firs use?
lockout over? Could you and me finally be going to a Laker game ?
Early morning basketball with co-workers... heck ya!
Pudding & icecream don't mix
Baseball AND Third Eye Blind. Good. deal.
u okay!
hey aj..thanks for the prayers! life is amazing, clean eater down 15 since march 3! <3 ill keep you posted! *ordering akea tomm
#i love haters because at least i know im being thought of <3
Nerdle's Mucho Bus Playlist in the earphones.
Aw bummer! It was a blast! We'll be holding you to that! ;)
Happy Labor Day! Put your feet up and enjoy the day!
Lmao RT : i remember i made bacon with no shirt on .. #NeverAgain .
Check out all the savings on BrewCityBties.com this week!
My favorite part of picking up a project I haven't touched in a while is seeing that I didn't leave any untracked changes in the repo
I just heard on the radio that the bucs were 10-12 on May 1 last year...same today..
Property insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
What's the names of Beyonce's other singles?.
same :) btw are you from Philly ?
let's do it dance while u wait for dessert hahaha home made granola bars! :)
Just endured the most horrendous display of incompetence I have ever seen. Where, you ask? Why, the Walmart check lane, of course. Idiots.
Thank you John! That is what we love to hear, tweet us if you need anything. RT : having a good time. Lovely hotel.
sorry, we don't buy/sell formal wear.
Premiers forrealizes has practice 3 nights a week
I have lost the patience. Not watching this anymore. Nadal Djokovic.
Bar trivia tonight. Let's do it.
Hey! Thanks for following us!
Well then, my first answer was correct and Michigan it is
Didn't have time to get a full workout in today, but like always says: do what you can! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It should come on a cone cuz my ice is so cold! lol
Excited to see in Phoenix tonight! Their song "Esther" has been stuck in my head for weeks! Love it!
Working a double today, promo tomorrow....then CINCO DE DRINKO!
Congrats! See ya there!! Way to go
um...dont they think that will hurt bid for Manning?
To shave or not to shave?
haha! I know my walls shacked a little <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Inaugural Earth Day festival at the JCC in #Indy was great! Fun and educational. Now know about garlic mustard and other invasive plants.
Hey St. Luke's! Hope to see y'all soon! // RT: : Oh, hey Your tweeps at St. Luke's say hey!
I Believe I Can Fly....then I went faceplant.
my lil brother : dominique, teen wolf spelt backwards is neet flow me: qet out & close my door - wt a nerd lol
It was suggested they close by 4AM and used to be allowed open all night? Plastic or glass, I am ready for my trip to the UK!
Starting now we want everybody to start the countdown till the 1st Build Day everyday until September 18th!!
Tip the world over on it side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles. – Frank Lloyd Wright
College and group projects<<<<<<
Yard sale. Some nice small women's clothes, etc. 1331 S. Cloversale, LA
Now if I can just get to the middle and the end!
W H A T !? Lol I practically lived there last summer. SOO GOOD! There's one in Colerain (:
Make sure yall check out my lil homie new single 'Snapshot'. Def worth a listen. Plz retweet if u like it.
I apologize if you thought I was directing that @ you. I read your stuff all the time. Your 1 of the more level headed peeps here
why would you want to run barefoot?!
-A devout Catholic sues the post office after being fired for refusing to deliver mail to a man claiming to be Satan
I'm very good! how are you?
#Wisconsin #wiunion We are moving! The slide to leadership is confirmed. The #nation is also very supportive, and so are all democracies.
Much needed couch time 2nite after starting new exercise regimen, including weights. Oh, what I wouldn't give 4 a cheeseburger!
- ah, met him once when I played there a while back. Best private course in Boston. Ultra exclusive, big money.
i think i might go and eat me some Kibbles and drink some water. Be right back (:
"Taking a risk over something only means that you want it more than anything"
its not hacked if you come to my house while i'm sleeping go on my computer when my twitter is up and go on it -__-
Bruno Mars off the hook awesome.
its so good! The people are so nice :)
where were you at?
Weren't those kids too cute this a.m.! I believe there's an Oscar in Corey Ransom's future. Tomorrow we're off to
Definitely annoying. I could see it easily getting out of hand...
No one knows wat that's means.....Lmao....
like a lightning bolt struck the tip of your penis.
scariest part, for sure!!! Pictures??
#worsebands Ugly Kid Joe Cocker
we really do seem to be an uncanny fit... we're based in NY though; ur website says 'primarily NJ'. can i still apply?
T. O. Looking crazy on this show. I have no idea why he agreed to this. He's not doing himself any favors.
Did you follow me, what exactly are you confused about, is it because I want to follow you on that strange journey?
sland03 yo yo, should I be expecting something in the mail from you? Every time I check it I just find depressing bills and loser coupons.
"We built this city.... We built this city on rock and roll...." Things that go through my mind during commercial breaks.
It's not the speaker's voice or even message that speaks to peoples hearts but the Holy Spirit, who is outside of time/place.
WHY CAN'T EVER WIN A PRESIDENTS RACE YOU GUYS
hell yeah it will be
Come enjoy Sunday Funday with brunch on our beautiful patio!!!!! $2 taps of Miller Lite and XX Amber all day at the bar!!!
Another CDIA student loving her internship: MT Interning is awesome! I'm able to get a lot of inspiration...
unfortunately my mom and I do not share tastes in books... I like magic and vamps, she likes smutty quick reads.
O.O
Okay now you have to Tweet something witty, snarky, or brilliant.
Senate Majority Leader Dave Senjem says that he doesn't have enough information on alternate revenue streams to take an informed vote
can I get a follow back please? I'm a h u g e fan! <33
@ Mugsy's on Richmond.
Thanks for retweet. Halfway through Magpies. So far One Hippopotamus is my favorite, but a close second is Gossip and Toad
Back in LA. 73 and sunny. Ah.
Those were always my favorite, LOL! - “: Dear shoplifter, if you tell me that people follow you in every store you go in..."
What's the best street in Albuquerque to cruise in a Dodge Challenger?
Pondering how to commemorate the coincidence of my first audition of 2010 also being my 100th in the last decade. Hm... Party time?
#HackedByMamaMahone ! this is going to be funny(:
I love being a wrestling nerd, but I dislike others for some reason, they just lack the coolness I posses. #mean but #real, i am blunt.
Oh, good, they managed to throw in a "don't text and drive" message into this "don't text nude pics" message movie.
Happy Friday!!
cried watching breaking dawn. NOW WATCHING THE VOW! omg.... :(
it was the ocean water!
Like .. what possessed them to make it sound like "that" ? Smh
Twitter is so hard to read sometimes haha.
good run?
oh no! I'll research some tricks 4 acrylics. I just have regular ol' nails but I know many people w/ acrylics and #jamberry!
Took me 74 minutes to drive down here. Taking a Micky D's break and then heading back up. Probably gonna hit traffic along the way. Joy.
not deleted u can watch em on vevo just vevo.com
RT : at #smss12 - Practical. Measurable. Applicable. Actionable. Always great hearing from you. Thanks!
what up lil dude
I was just that girl cracking up in the card aisle
awh thank you do much! We haven't talked in forever holy shit.
funny, I was just thinking about you. I hope you and Mrs are doing ok. :)
Who do you think the Miami Dolphins need more...a Quarterback or a New Front Office?
My fingers are crossed for the little guy. Good luck.
Thank you!
like this site
Paper Airplanes, Model Trains and Tricycles
In school for teaching. Instructional planning test. I am getting close to being done. :0)
The #Hobbit trailer promises to be an epic film. #DwarfChoir was a nice touch.
Expect a lot of tweets then?
Enamored with media made illusions.
Water main break, more like... schools dumb. LMAO. Right guys?
Adding a marble floor to your dwelling is an investment that will pay you back with lasting beauty every day.
Just went to the 4 story Forever 21 and i didnt buy a thing.... i think im sick...
I'm so bored I'm sticking things in my belly button.
The #Vikings potential last home game at the Metrodome is 12/30 against the
It's the day before #Mother'sDay, give the special woman in your life the gift of beauty. Pamper her with a #facial!
congratulations! What did you sing?
Site should be online within the next week, trip is only 30 days away!
I wonder how Peyton Manning feels about indie films...
lol well then, how old are you?
Thanks! We're glad to have you!
I can't wait till this class is over so I can go put some shorts on!
Im in love with my crazy beautiful life
Oblique but: grandstanding on cutting waste but all meaningful savings come from cutting compensation. Not alone in that tho.
never taking a bad pic ;-) BTW Happy Mothers day,enjoy bc Lord knows you earned it
Yup but we also gotta realise that Britney is still getting Married and having a album out next year!
hey I'm on this one now
I meant game
” You can save as much as 90 cents if you buy a snack or breakfast with a drink that they choose to combine with it
looking forward to your book this summer!
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU Resented Footballing. AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
#India is killing these other countries in #Cricket...I need to put a team together
#ART facebook.com/YoungRembrandt…Follow on FB!
how #Nigerian are you?
May You Rest In Peace You will Be Missed!
lol. I bet pa
": I just got horny then I all of a sudden wanted a salad o__O" lol hell nwl
do you have brewery tours? In Chicago for work Mon-Thurs for the next 5 months, want to check it out if you are open.
#wegmans blueberry greek yogurt. yogurt is watery & bland; blueberry is both flavorless & has an odd chemical flavor.
yes! Both pleasee(:
So Sweet xo
Wow it takes much longer that I thought to go from Beta release to Final release of the product. Well, perfection takes time :).
omg I should
#Actors - When auditioning don't play the obvious choice. Make a choice that stands out. Even if its not what they want, they'll adjust you.
Not feeln school tomorrow
I was kidding ..... I was more imagining me going to a game and you staying home with both of them :)
:( you are almost there... I hope they get everything fixed and you get it back.
bomb sleep
I'm sorry for not being around my lately, Twitter. Google Plus keeps seducing me away.
Looking at end of August now. should have a date nailed down in the next week.
i got to vote for today! yay! :)
haha thanks (for link & congrats.) I was thinking more "co-working in the same place" but i'll keep the link for future reference
you are a sexy beast.
Wait, I personally usually do not enjoy pressuring but $$TLAN$$ can certainly become the great stock pick.
u right
Nice to see on #HRHappyHour tonight - it's been a while for me!
didnt u just c him yesterday
bring back Chacarron! You were always on fire when you used it as your walk-out!
Not feeling the love in Pittsburgh today..
We have a show at The Smiling Moose on the 25Th! Tickets are $8 so be sure to hit us up!
Taking book on Metro. Reading Beauty Queens. Cover is girl in bikini w/ bullet strap over shoulder. Should illicit some strange looks.
how is ur night going? Twugs n early humps to u
Had a blast spinning tonight!
SNOW TOMORROW... SPRING AND SNOW?? I LOVE THE NORTHEAST
Oh no.....migraine coming on and I forgot my meds at home! No Es bueno
This nigga don't know who meek mill is O_o
Joe, AVMP optioned by Rocking Stone Media, imagine these characters on the big screen!
- wow, PB2 is AWESOME!
Birthday weekend...feeling great...#Geminisarethebest!!! Luv everyone who celebrated w/me this weekend..had a blast!!!
happy mothers day everyone!!!...(im surprised thats not trending)
Can we blame them?! #Cheers!
More pride in our than ever. Not only were we classy in defeat, they are now paying respect to the Mavs.
lucky....i get out may 23rd...so not that long
Only thing bigger then my ego is my mirror
i didnt fail but my grade didnt go up. lmfao.
plus it makes you more aware of what you're doing throughout the day
"185 Grizzlies just grin and bear it."
Thank you for sharing it! This was my favorite post to write.
That last wicket to fall could be the last wicket to fall
Consuming information only allows slow trails to being educated. The real work is in creation.
One year ago today I started my 2nd tour of duty at #fox7. Time passes so quickly now days.
Sr. Elizabeth Linehan challenged me 1st semester undergrad & positively shaped my academic career
Reason 5: You already know how to use MS Word.
This game is bananas. B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
true true maybe we can just knock off a bank in Florida next week and head straight to the islands.
oh okayy I got you (;
Cardinals made that huge comeback.. Now they're being sloppy as fuck.
Nothing beats the excitment of my kids seeing me when I get home
i enjoy wild turkey american honey. with coke, thats all.
Please don't make me uninstall and reinstall your software after I purchase it.
Exactly. Boring is the word I come up with
Walmart has way too many Handicap parking spots. There is no such thing as convenient parking there
I don't give a fuck about anything that your telling me ..... Hahhahhhahahaha
There's a new #Capuchino Family member! Welcome Charlotte :] its been 15 years for a baby capuchino! Last one being haha
I love hopping on the radio, switching stations and getting song after song
Get to start driving in 5 days.
SWATCHES ARE NECESSARY IN KNITTING
Next weekend? Awesome. bout #2 of the season on Saturday followed by an awesome afterparty at Turner...
You're pretty to me that all that matters.
Days and hours are all running together now. Be ready for that
Sunday always happens to be a recovery day for me.
We search "hardcore" on twitter to find new people to follow and 90% of the latest tweets are porn-related. #KeepItClassy Twitter....
Thanks, likewise Chris. A whole lot of the wrong message getting out there. Good to see some of the right message too!
- Thanks for the RT and mention!
I'm on my way to the North real quick
Are any movies by emir kusturica on dvd?
Watched the 1991 NBA dunk contest on NBA TV last night. Good memories. Dee Brown wins with the no look dunk.
lol neither of us talks to each other.
I hate people that are full of themselves
New found respect for short film awards after being in them : )
Boring day
Tea and Persian class pt of life is good, taking poor Junior Cat to vet part, not so much.
#FF who will be less shitty in the #NFL? It doesn't really matter they'll both be calling me for #Swag lessons
Bummer to hear CincyPunkFest 2012 has been canceled!
Watson: We have to finish the job. We're close. We're succeeding. I'm confident ... we will reach the success.
my bag is that you that is beautiful
"the quarter-deck" in moby-dick is a perfect chapter in american literature
Perfect is the enemy of the good and leads to the deliberate manufacture of misery.
It's been a while since we've been on here. We've been MIA for a bit. Hahaha.
I am not sure that giving up Martin and Scola is worth it for Gasul.
ill follow em (:
I'm still trying to figure out whatever happened to Ray the Flying Squirrel and Mighty the Armadillo.
New shirt design is in the works today. Let's see if the idea in my head can get become reality. It takes a few weeks from idea to apparel.
When they play Justin Timberlake on the radio <U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>
Chelsea Grin's new song was alright until Alex started singing. Can they just get a new vocalist already? He's fucking garbage.
My word is key to me, i stand by it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AF> RT : A gentleman keeps his promise... A lady honors her word
So it all ends Saturday huh? Any last words?
Good news we are out of debt. Bad news I owe Boehner 4.5 trillion. How he gave that speech without crying I'll never know.
Absolutely loved coming home to talk to Shawn after a great day now bed and don't have to be up early
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate shiten in public places...
Who went to #ACLFestival? Did you have a blast, or what? The weather was awesome and the music was a-mazing! Who did you see?
Keep the RT's coming!! Santa Sack contest ends 7pm PT Sunday when we'll tell you about the next step. Over $500 in cash/prizes at stake!!
just upgraded to latest Tweetdeck (thx, ). Things I hate: 1. input box covers my stream & is not movable; 2. scrollbar is too narrow
Where is there snow?
I need to speak with someone from your company. What number can I reach customer service?
Jimmy is on LIVE with on at 11:30! Tune in to hear his thoughts on Saturday's upcoming match against Raul Munoz!
Met a really cool guy that listens to the same exact music and everything! :D
hahha every season
The rating for this year's #Raw go-home show for 'Mania was the lowest since 1997. Doesn't mean WM will not sell, but wow
Reading tonight of "The Pump" w/ Barefoot Theatre Company. I played Monique, a trophy wife w/ more punch than anyone expects. Watch out.
Missed you today! And you missed my delicious, buttery scones. Hope you are off the couch soon!
there's girlfriend by avril lavigne, but i don't think that's the kinda of song you're looking for LOL
I saw Brick Pollitt drinking a double bourbon at Big Daddy's. And his hair was perfect.
it was a shit show to bad u couldn't stay around longer. My bad i didnt say bye btw, I didn't even know u were leaving
and french
Everybody get up it's time to slam now!
Please God be with all of us this SOL week. It is MUCH needed.
Adrian Peterson is a beast
Sorting through a ton of photos from an amazing show last Friday. The pics look great!
thanks for helping wrangle content all those three years ago
Track meet today!
is so pretty :)
lol im not old lil girl
Sleepless in Smilwaukee.
What has happened to the #Republican Party in the last decade?
If you leave without a reason, plz don't come back with an excuse.
Hello to all of our new followers, and a Happy Monday to all! Santa Monica Classic is coming up this Sunday. Sample & purchase at our booth!
Credit comes from the Latin word trust..
Be glad that you guys are meeting the boyz this week when others cant meet them at all!
& i know he's smiling, saying 'don't worry about me'
Claps of thunder and rain dancing on the roof...Z
Oh yea, at the West Seattle Farmers Market Today!
I just want to cuddle!!!
I've really enjoyed the podcast - thx for sharing your time & content! Best wishes in your next adventures.
yea really. but reselling them would be a pain
Agreed. In Maryland, the girls have the shot clock so equip is there and the boys still won't adopt it.
It's a textbook ad hominem argumentative fallacy which stems from their core conviction that women aren't worth the effort of using logic.
Between this and NCAA/BCS corruption, I am officially DONE with big time college sports.
On the iPad right now: #Let'sDance by
yea kinda I never do it and shuffling fucked it all up lol
My daddy sold my gun -_-
So nice to meet you..
yes. well worth it
Just finished my LAST speech of pub comm!!!
How long before facebook owns twitter.
Good morning & happy Saturday everyone!
It doesn't matter how old or how gangster you are, if a toddler hands you a toy phone, you answer that shit.
wish I was out. I would not behave
“: #godfree”doubt it will trend bro
all bc of me lol
: checking flights first I am panhandling for the $ :'(
Steeler Pride today! Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper. Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
Working and eating out after hours when I realize the site has "Lynchings in Georgia" sprawled across the screen... awkward.
"the chicken I ate tonight was some sexy chicken" I miss British!
Happy Hour is only 2 hours away...
Bonfire at Elijah's= good time :)
The phrase "prior restraint" comes to mind. RT Judge asked us to please not approach jury- publish names, show faces, etc.
Don't ever say YOLO again.. You just embarrassed yourself
Nervous about the boot camp workout today. Was told we would be "lifting things." Things!? My first thought was chairs...
wack as rapper
Deal! RT : Ill post a chat recap/transcript soon, but do save the date for the next chat: 5/15, 12-1 pm ET.
feel better dood..gonna miss ya in
Does the officiating look like a huge joke at courtside? Because it sure looks that way on CBS.
Who wants to shfacetime?
What just happened today? The NFL just rocked the sports world.
Survey time - What do you hope to learn when you visit CANDLES? What would you like to see here?
It's time to get ready bang bang
It is 80s music hour in the room next to me...every damn day...
Unknown number that just texted me saying "Happy Mothers Day! "... Thanks! Sorry I don't know who you are. Not sorry that I'm not a mother.
Win the streak that starts in 15 minutes and win 4 cmt award show tix. Sign up at www.citystreak.com
I was wasted, so I was probably talking to myself and thought I was talking to you lol
10 years after the Mayflower is still pretty early though. Only thing they missed was the first Thanksgiving.
Met Katie Couric. Shes mean as hell. So is Al Roker.
PRT : Talk turns 2 mentorship, Wells: all her mentors have been men -: dont focus on gender #sxsw #lunatechs /
RT Wearing sunglasses inside is a great way to let people know that you should be hated unconditionally.
Shout out to she still continues to grind no matter what happens! She is totally awesome : )
Lunch break at Potbelly.
What's the basic framework for such an event?
Wishing I could find a nice man who loves going on cruises....:-)
Probably. How are you using those skills now in your career?
Going to FLA Annual next week! Who else is going?
Waterfront tasting at BIN to include their binPressed Pork. Lunch menu to die for. Apply to taste on Thursday www.TasteTweet.com
And i just wish the sk8 park in tallahassee have a stair set so i can ollie it and do a kickflip :|
Becareful or the movie will be u in jail! RT : Yeah. I am about to get kicked off this flight...
Best statement from "has anyone told Xavier that the game has started?"
I just started Grave Peril: Book three of The Dresden Files.
"It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop."
I'm at jury duty. I am the most wild eyed here. Hope there is no quota for wild eyes.
YES! I have more followers than following!
Right back at ya Gary!
Thanks For The Listen Fam,,Follow Back Dm & Let's Talk
Your love for one another will prove to the world that you are my disciples. John 13:35
is still giving away iPads. I just entered to Winners announced weeknights Click here:://ulink.tv/79-4p84q
Hey Guys! Rat and Puff are on next with tickets to Big Time Rush later on and we want you to meet Scotty Davis' dogs! Check out His blog!
but you know I love you, and I knoe I make your world go round <3
NP: Pinky Piglets (Toquiwa) - Tokyo Merry-Go-Round
Parents and alumni of , do you have any words of encouragement for our men during finals week? Reply so they can see them!
HUGE play by #Palmer on that 3rd Down, showing flashes of some of his throws in 2009
I'm serious I'm just to lazy to go anywhere right now.... Aw you suck -__- lol
miss you too, beautiful :)
Maybe one day ... Probably not :/
in case you missed it Pappas tentatively scheduled for tomorrow now. Not sure of time, guessing will update us.
Mann I need new followers sap
Hello! :) *waves back* Hope your doing ok.
isn't twitter fun??
ha! Love this. Hope u r doing great!
I luuuuv the poem...very subliminal....it can b interpreted many ways
Good moms let you lick the beaters... Great moms turn them off first. ;)
I don't even know what that means....hope its a good show
im at work . getting ready for a 90 to 95 hour week. m... i guess the pay is gonna be sweet . :)
: ": San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music #WeInDatThang"
Everyone go follow my personal <3 I #followback .
even though we're all grown, we still sit at the "kid's" table - and it's still rowdy.
If you tickle me, I'm not responsible if you get hurt.
Hi everybody it's me Mason . Guest tweeting for any plans for April 14th yet? Why not come to the ?
"Literary culture replaces bad questions like "What is Being?", "What is really real?" with the sensible question (1/2)...
Joe Francis is is giving a great preso on brain-computer interfaces at #hcfla. He's conjuring up the Matrix and every heady scifi flick.
Dole: Newt would show up at campaign HQ with an empty bucket in his hand-that was a symbol of some sort for him-& I never did know why.
Myy bro wearINg uniform pants for regular Klothes.!! Lmao
Thanks!! I had the time of my life at B96!
well, I left and still made 's list ;-)
Welcome to WI.": Is not a radio host saying of a sitting female Lt. Gov: "she performed fellatio, pulled a train" worse than "slut?"
id literally melt if I won those m&g passes
irv comin from a bulls fan who is already fishing, imma be real, you guys are going fishing real soon
Been reading biz opinions & comparisons today. You use Instagram, so it is well worth 1 billion or even more. Case closed.
Possibly going back to tally earlier than expected !!!!
Awesome artist, excellent music -please follow him
So So Def shirts are for sale now on Ebay , visit www.eBay.com to order yours now . $15.99 each , Enjoy!
love the blog, especially the wedding post! Good stuff!
Back up north back to work next week!
i just checked y'all out and lemme say this.... A-M-A-ZING!!!
Lets go
Thanks, Lorie! Sorry we didn't have a chance to talk. It was nice to see you in the audience at the #usf symposium.
Its official we got 2 kegs tonight 15 bottles shits going down forsure txt me 2107928780
Cathryn, I've a not a billion dollar but truly a 1000 billion dollar idea. Its a requirement of every individual on earth.
Irvine Spectrum today hopefully <U+2665>
would say tinychat but you said can't :'( sad face
“All Disease Begins in the Gut.” ~ Hippocrates
fixing people's websites, man so many people do it wrong...
I luv u Google!...I never really liked YouTube, Twitter, Blogger, Rss feeds until I could access everything in all one place. Awesomeness.
Well, at least the name of the brand is truth in advertising. Uggh is right.
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) to place your orders and use the promo code 0901
I wonder how many people had Derek Jeter picked tonight on #YESBeatTheStreak. I did :-(
Hope you choose the good ones! Who's gonna be your favorite pick?
Well you said "Ehh" which in Canadian terms it means.....well i don't know what it means
<-----One of God's greatest creations!
yea it should last the rest of the night till i find someone to text tonight and its die all over again
yeh i know but if you need help AGAIN im here like i was before things changed :)
Signed up for four classes, will decide which to drop in fall.
I would like to give a shoutout to my new customer Francesca and Dominic! I appreciate you!
I can't wait till tyler starts trying to play games.
Just made a tanning .
Best wishes to Asa & Ben! RT Picking a print, viewing the tapestry, then Asa & Ben's rehearsal (@ Memorial Art Gallery)
That moment when you get a suggestion to follow a celebrity you thought was dead.
I have a skin condition that causes me to burn easily. I believe the technical term is "being white".
I was trying to get a reservation for Friday around 8pm.. nothing on open table... anything you can do? i was dying to go!!!
Good Lucks in yur competition :D
Not a blogger, entrepreneur. About to launch a new venture!
Johnson and Reynolds are useless. I love Nolan.
Great All Star Game!
you lucky duck!!!!!!
Isn't nothing better than being with you <3 (:
Did you remember to vote today? Can't start to change the world unless you go to the voting booth and express your opinion!
Decaffeinated coffee is kind of like kissing your sister. - Bob Irwin #justdrinkthedamn coffee
Ok. Someone at the NCAA or CBS should lose their job over booking the Fray.
how long for?
thanx!!!! U going?
Casey J. is our Foursquare Mayor! And thus, the recipient of the 1GB flash drive. Casey, come claim your prize before 1/9/12, 8PM. Congrats!
do u have any jackets that match a black shirt.
thanks for the follow! I just checked out your site. What a great story! You da man!
U guys are fools y u order with her if u know she aint got the money for it when you place the order
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head
the waiting room...
Worst movie ever don't go see #TheRumdDiary no plot. I could have wrote a better script -_-
noisy noisy wind.
why can't I just have an excuse to talk to u?..
whenever u go into that store think of me
It was really nice meeting you last night at the show ... txt me where is can send some of my work and we can talk more! :)
80 Degrees where?
Seeing someone with an Austin Mahone shirt on and automatically thinking "I love him more."
I got a baby Kitty too :)
I notice my productivity goes down when I'm cold. Maybe I'm a snake? This does explain the parseltongue.
Illegitimi non carborundum! This is a good post.
Ya know, Forrest Gump could have gotten a lot more pussy if he would have applied himself.
We liked it!
Jaleel White takes his final bow on &quot;Dancing&quot;
lol yeah it was a pretty funny series of text messages.
But yes, you can tweet them all to me
shut it
RT : Why vote today? Because it matters. And, if you don't vote, you don't get to complain about the results.
Praying for a full stay of execution
How the F is it possible to lose a remote control for the tv in a or bedroom house
nice one about Flickr/Pinterest today. Where do you get your confidence?
#20ThingsAboutMe im a private person
It was.
What do you call those called Primary Debates :)
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our #GoodGuy & #Inspiration \e. Hurt hand and all.. you ROCK!!!
Don't miss out on these LOW Rates!
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They`re dead get over it, Math: 1+1=2..Beyonce taught us that. Spanish: We have Dora.
you can have mine :) I'll buy!
Maxi or mini? Mini, of course, for terrence blanchard at blues alley tonight!
I want a dang shamrock shake!
Thank you for your support, if ever you are interested in a painting let me know, I give a nice disc to twitters
do you have a Facebook page?
82's shot-on-video slasher BOARDINGHOUSE is screening in 35mm tonight at ! I'm absolutely going if anyone wants to join! 9:30!
follow me please!?
Oh the gun shots......and in a minute I will be hearing APD
if you and caitlinn leave my house wih saying bye one more time ill kill y'all. :)
I texted the codeword for Cody Simpson meet and greet, but my message back doesn't say I am entered? It usually does?
Arent we 4-1 vs u all last 5 yrs? “: y'all sell football t-shirts 2?! bet everybody is lining up to get one lmao.”
SUPER BOWL MVP ELI MANNING!
Hell ya son you know! #AllSummerLong baby!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs I wanna see what Tebow will do to capitalize on the advantage Denver now has
Nice! You've got this!
dm me the info. please!
Hello GPH All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Eating chips with a fork.... not working out so well.
Just in from Ukraine, jetlagged & bedraggled, but all the better for it. Friends, family, <U+0431><U+043E><U+043B><U+044C><U+0448><U+043E><U+0439>!!!
btw that and Allan soiled pants!
Let us know when u find out! RT Who should we call to get a refund for that hour we lost over the weekend?
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Also I didn't know that Zosia Mamet played Peggy's cool lesbian friend on Mad Men. This has been the Zosia Mamet Newshour with Jim Lair-ah
not impressed
it's better than Gary.
makes the game almost worth it, right? Almost.
It has been an honor and a pleasure to be part of your #TempleU experience. Best of luck to all graduating
Wow peoples attitudes..
OUCH dat hurt my feelings:-(
prob need a big festival gig or school gig to help "pay the bills" and the a couple of club gigs...we'd love to come out there
freestyling -- Fly Yung Dre () im bout to send u some beats bra.
and finally remember Sarah Palin had her first son 7 mo after marriage, and her mother had a kid six mo after marriage
come at six Bring two liter/food
#Blazers down 25 in the 4th to the Bucks. If you're a fan, have you lost hope for this season?
Can't wait until next weekend. All of my loves we will be in town and we are ALL gonna be 21!!
Hey moms, is it true that an unusually fussy baby can mean a milestone on the way? Or old wives tale?
I love sorry!!! I win at that game.
Bout to go see what the runs is like over on 12th... Who hoopin????
massaging someone special to me
Aw Yeahh Niggs It's Love && Basketball !
I love the beach!! :) *giggles*
oh. okay.
HAPPY 2 YEAR TWITTERVARSY!!!!<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764> Mines in June sometime...
Looks very nice but chilly right now
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe gossip spreads quickly in high school.
Who catches a ball and doesn't give it to a kid? Again, I hate Saturday crowds.
In honor of Earth Day, I held in my farts all day. You're welcome ozone.
When our son was little we went to a place like this near Broad Ripple called the Tin Star, though he called it Jailbirds.
FLYING ALL AROUND THE WORLD CAUSE YOLO
Gas at 80 a barrel? If I remember correctly the last time gas was $80 a barrel it was also under $3 a gallon.
Big girls don't cry, they get even
Nice! But I would take that thing down w/a pint of syrup!
Gerald W. Grummet~ While intelligent people can often simplify the complex a fool is more likely to complicate the simple.
To watch this season of the #bachelorette or not... Can I really put myself through another season of this??
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
Goin nowhere fast we've reached the climax..
you're welcome! we'll put your prize in the mail this week.
I keep forgetting I have a Twitter lol.
as soon as i get my new phone i will
haha wouldn't have it any other way
My love for the never ceases! Using their Project Outline template for our Learning Lab program. Loving It!
we need to grab a drink sometime and catch up!!
I think I am being led astray from my #twittergirlfriend by ... have a weakness 4 how southern girls say "darling"
Maya Angelou Mohandas Gandhi Mother Teresa Muhammad Ali Ronald Reagan Thomas Jefferson William Shakespeare Winston Churchill
name of speech to text technology? Tx!
Sittn here workin on Peter Phountaine's new video "Az We Blaze"...this will be one for the lovers of.......smoke lol
Don't fret. You make up for it in person.
Hey there ya'll my names Jerry, Jerry the snake. I didn't knwow if yall know this but I sure do like to slither. xD
The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war. - Hemingway
Nicki Minaj prolly smells like a Barbie with all that plastic surgery .
Gop candidates wanna "defer" to the military. What if JFK had deferred to the military during the Cuban Missile Crisis???
Happy Easter and Passover to everyone from Alfa Flowers!
Woke up remembering bits of my past. Ew. My life sucked, but its up to me to make my future rock!
#dhtrial people waiting... reduced to commenting on the defense lawyers socks. JPL trial down the hall. God vs cassini mission apparently.
Twitter is telling me to follow Snooki. Do people actually do that?
I just want to get money and stay true to my peoples....
yes I will dm me your number
Literally TONS of people came out to celebrate the opening of 's 'Harlem, USA' at the Art Institute of Chicago.
The more I get to see, hear and be around an amazingly attractive woman, the less appealing she typically becomes.
Party bus outside the tri-delta house.
Festival was awesome. We're building a Houston version now - to happen in 6 weeks! Tks for checking in. How's book doing?
my PT commented that my calf muscles were some of the biggest she's seen. I'm not really sure that's a good thing.
Episode 26 :: - The Common Good Podcast - Jubilee Economics ...
Well that's you every day :)
You think the Cavs can get the #8 seed?
Its Good Friday; go to church.
would be great to see you for longer than a brief sidewalk walk-by! How about Mon or Tues? I'm out of town Wed-Fri. Downtown?
I tried I did all I can do to solve the puzzle that is you and I couldn't find it
YOUR KEEKS ARE MAKING ME LAUGH SOO HARD <3
justin...please follow me
It's actually just sad to see Ali now. He was once such an electric performer and athlete...now has awful effects of Parkinson's.
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Should probably start looking for a summer job...
get in meh pants
Go to System Preferences, General pane, and uncheck "Restore windows when quitting and re-opening apps".
Smashed up my sanity
So happy for you the book looks wonderful!
Got mine yesterday - kids have already watched movie 3x including max movie mode, Interview w/Rowling, & All deleted scenes!
No smack juice
We are looking forward to hearing from you! :)
Were Hosting the BIGGEST Halloween Party tomorrow in Miami #SKREAM!
Your a dweeb ;)
RT : Please follow that's my brand in development, I could use a lot of support!
I recently realized how so very cool it is that FTW is backwards of WTF
aww. Thank you Rhi. You are one of my favorite people, I am proud to know you!
She claims she was trying to fix it by jamming a fucking screw driver into it until it was demolished
It's going to be a good one! She's reading with another great author, Diana Abu-Jaber.
Also shoutout to my lil cousin who's going to prom tonight, have fun and be safe! :)
Q: what species is your personal assistant? A: my assistant is a sycod-phant. Also good: cor[r]al. Avoid sponges.
Come to the dj booth and request another song.... Get
just passed all through downtown
You don't know me, but go baby.
To 8 And Beyond. <3
I mean eating
is back! This time in the D at on Saturday night.
"You just made all white women look bad."
My mom actually crochets blankets & donates to preemie unit at local hospital. (She's in Delaware, but same idea.)
Good Morning
presenting today at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities. Come for a DVD-Data full of ideas, video and more!
I'm liking these results I'm seeing #iWorkout!!
Excitement is contagious! Catch it and see how you feel.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
Yes! Finally got my copy of Laurence Leamer's THE PAPER REVOLUTIONARIES: THE RISE OF THE UNDERGROUND PRESS #totalassaultontheculture!
"what happens to you doesn't have to be who you are," Bertice Berry.
I just set mine up as well!
Love spending time with my family (:
my shoulder fucked from boxing practice -__-
AIR A Sponsor of Oregon’s 2012 “Celebrating Student Success” Awards Honoring Schools Using Data to Help Close Achievement Gaps...
I only go to rallies that have free food haha
I ordered sushi delivery...its def one of those days!
I'm a fat lazy slob!
The fabulous Ms. Carrie Bradshaw, of course!
we r always falling apart....neither one of us has a boring life with what were going thru...my FG wings aren't working so well
INDIE FILM TITLED -"GET YA ACT TOGETHER." coming soon. based on real facts of real life!
What is the point of twitter if I can search for all the people who I know on here? Seems pointless. :-/
Damn trains in Waukesha!!
Off to Croatia and Greece. And as it turns out, Paris as well. Thanks for the unexpected 12 hour layover, Air France!
yes I do...what field or is it easy to find you
I herd about watching your video Congradulations (; Mahomies4Life (;
Then we are now, and always have been, in agreement! Huzzah.
House hunting is like an emotional roller coaster... Occupy Lubbock here we come!
Bought the cat a birdie toy that squeaks, to satiate her inner huntress ... she's afraid of it.
Resistance is futile. RT : I've tried to resist, but a galaxy far, far away has taken control of this tweet: "May the 4th be with
even better!
thank ya kindly girlie!!! I am super excited!!!!! :D *grins from ear to ear*
Good Morning all.
It's 4 fucking a'clock and I already got the post limit on tumblr. I have seven hours to find something else to do.
Love it! RT : thank you! I am having a BLAST and just putting that energy into the blog...
thanks man! i actually just moved up here. im enjoying it thoroughly. : )
careful it might be a disguised fan
2 more days andwill be in Vegas for the AVN!!!!
I switched to 9 after seeing that. Jokes bet. Kathy Sabine and Drew Soicher are better than seeing that b-ball fan dying for the 100th time
I was going to tweet, but I have nothing to tweet about.
I'm so reading Harry Potter and I'm so loving it. This Kona coffee and Anna's ginger cookies make it even better!
Tomorrow's the District Three Redistricting Hearing. Join us Monday, 6PM at 4001 El Cajon Blvd., 92105!
I think he needs to Gtl it a little more. Focusing more on the G
RT : Today is the tomorrow you were worried about yesterday
Got my belly button pierced!ah
I look forward to being friends and talking. Would you like my e-mail address
I love tie dying and all but when it stains ur hands and other areas for multiple days....not cool. -_-
A"minor" thing a bump in the road. Denver is good as done!
especially when they bounce the basketball off the baby's head. That always gets me.
Funny! RT : "What i do here is a whole lot less adventurous than what you get in a hot dog." -- chef lacivita
I cut sugars and carbs first, and now that I'm used to that, I need to step it up.
WWF is working now! =]
What if raised its (low) indirect rate for fed grants & created a research incentive fund 4 faculty?
question, I currently have 2 gig and if I wanted to get 4 gig, can I get 4 gig for $30?
Its really scary to think this time next year I will be starting the rest of my life! eek!
I frequently make the mistake of Target'ing after happy hour. Whoops.
2 Italian country singers and a Texas troubadour walk into an Irish bar. Forgot the punchline because everybody got drunk and raised hell.
New tagged photos on the New Bridges Ballet Facebook page. Check em out and press 'like'!
RT : Vote count for general strike proposal: 1484 ayes, 76 abstentions and 46 nays! GENERAL STRIKE APPROVED!
wat ya on for the night
Can't wait to watch #FrozenPlanet tonight,along with new season of
the editorial page is back in reactionary hands, as proven by the divisive anti-union language in their endorsement
There is a fine line between wrong and visionary. Unfortunately you have to be a visionary to see it
Thanks for tweeting our article about u guys, we really appreciate the love
This love is a sure thang.
best cure for writer's block = surprising me w/ a delicious hazelnut latte from !
Thanks for following. Following back.
Headed home for the weekend
John Bradford~ There but for the grace of God go I.
i work you out so good you be calling me Black Thunder!!
bby you kno how I do (;
Thank you to and for being two of the best role models and friends I could ever ask for. I love you.
Ask them what's wrong so you can learn to help the next person and so on!
Western kentucky scored more points against lsu in the 1q than bama scored in the whole game.
Two strikes away from winning the world series. Go rangers!
thanks for the follow. Glad to see you here!
one love <3
A York peppermint patty would be lovely right now. But then I think of summer days in a bikini and... I'll hold the craving<U+E322>
"The best part of life is when your family become your friends and your friends become your family." - Robin Roberts
have fun
jill_hw: Time for a 2nd cup of coffee. Busy day, since I just got home last night from #sla2010 & I leave tomorrow for
say in isn't so!!! i will miss all the guys of Entoutage !
Memphis my bad its 7am and I am on a bus
Remember those crazy trumpets from the world cup? The Vuvuzelas? Wouldn't it be cool if they allowed them at debates???
I'm Dancin tonight.... Playlist the way u move by Ne-yo..... And Ambition by Wale.....
Sad to see a true music legend go with so much left to offer. RIP MCA.
Waiting in a huge line at the City of Boston Urban Agriculture launch.
What's the consensus? Perfect or horrible? ;)
You're right, I shouldn't be so greedy.
am wrong that dude is voicing alfred no casting of bat yet but alfred has a gun dude not good
When people look at me they think i'll be stuck-up or mean but in reality im down to earth & has a great heart :)
": When you and your friend have nicknames for other people. #Insider #BF4LP" kitty!! & horse ! Haha
Quit assuming shit about me, world. You don't know ME!! (Emo day!)
don't hurt me. again. please.
HOUSTON RECRUITERS - BOT has a current opening! 5+ yrs agency exp preferred, financial industry or banking +++. Team player, drive for resu…
i will be 47 this year.
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info. Prices starting at $5
thank you (: your the best!
I wish I wrote that wonderful cellphone use paper, but I can't take the credit of and Jeff Boase
Mass Poetry Festival starts tomorrow in Salem. Can't wait to check it out!
Why am I drinking fleishmans?
you have a date in mind?
Are these refs serious?!?!?
I wish will come to Rockdale Tx. it's only 3hours from san antonio
i feel you thats why you have to keep it cut!
I've a feeling you're not in Kansas anymore. <love>
do you have to ask?
:What do you want me to send you?
Aww thanks! My stomach does not feel like a rockstar though.... I blame the cherry bombs
I haven't seen him since 1992, I think.
him & these lyrics lol he over there groovin !
Follow & RT this for your chance to win 2 tix to our #SmokinNYE celebration at the hottest new spot
just woke up to another gloomy day. yay.
A Noble Betrayal - Scientific American (blog)
What good is knowledge if not used - Many companies stay stagnant because they don't know the potencial of a healty Social Media Strategy.
GIRL CAN I WEAR YOUR BOW SANDALS TONIGHT PLZ? (:
Today InTrade has Obama's chances to be reelected at 59.6% and the chances of the Individual Mandate being ruled unconstitutional at 57.8%
Just finished presentation w/ #WASHRM chapter - cngrts on their 25 yr anniv. vid of the HC v HR: who's in the c-suite presntn coming soon!
any way to watch the match?
you ok?
#salute !! Combo esta todo? All good?
Haha, as you should. Ozzie cracks me up. RT next time I mess up I'm going to use that line
Spartans with 25 points in 27 minutes of action
I am retyping my next Poetry Novel today. The Nme of it is "For the Story I for Told" I have about 20 to 30 pages to retype. Though my First
Dangerous driving with this rain! Be careful!
I always thought of Dante's Inferno as fanfic, too. Nothing but second hand plots and characters in that one.
Just drove dads truck (: loved it!!
"I just saw THE HUNGER GAMES. Were I picked to compete, my skill would be "BLADE RUNNER trivia." #firstkilled" from
All this google drive talk! I would have thought they would have reserved that name for their self driving cars.
and have a show inside u tomorrow night 10pm after opening night. Bring a date story to tell!!
Trust God and ask his help, He will change the situation and make everything good :)
Yes, I will be there!
good morning!!!!!! Wyd
Honestly, if Sea Bass was at SS tonight, my guess is Wolf allows 2-4 runs instead of the 7.
lmao I'll tell you Monday
Final countdown has begun with 100 days to go until # London2012.
I don't wanna get outta bed...im so comfy.
Follow Me And I Will Follow You
Gah! I'm walking to my first period class. :P
Cinco de Mayo Eve. Ahh I can't wait to spend tomorrow with my bitties. And by bitties, I mean vodka and tequila.
my FAVORITE. (:
Thank you!! Stop by today for Meat Lover's Wednesday and get 1lb of BBQ for $9.99! Have fun at Stagecoach!
Tweet me. Its dead! :)
this bollywood scene is killing me. please stop. please
Never tempt the eye of a thief, for if you do, you stand to lose more than sight.
Sandals with socks, shorts and a razor. You are fired from campus.
RSVP: Metamorphic Films
Why I'll never have my own agency. {RT legality issues scare the shit out of me. I'm terrified to start a business
Eagle is Golf and Airport Transfer, Birdie is Golf, Standard is Hotel | Email us your requirements at
I am instituting a 0% tolerance policy on bullshit.
Ray of Duncanville: Acct system has become something it never intended to be. Used by Realtors. Used by chambers. Not diagnostic.
I can't wait to go to the #BSPI conference in Scottsdale, Arizona and introduce myself to everyone. :)
Have you been to the Frick (my fave) yet? They have 3 Vermeers. And you can get so close that your nose almost touches.
The theme of the birthday party abruptly switches from Percy Jackson to The Sopranos.
Daymn bexar county has been busy all day with fights...hopefully things will calm down soon...
sadly won't be playing East End Fest thanks to one idiot bar owner in particular.
School orientation is in a week. Where did summer go?? :/
Reading entries for a journo contest. It's 50% drudgery, 25% not bad, 20% nice and 5% OMG, who is this writer, what else has (s)he written?
Omg! #ihateitwhen patients don't fucking pay .. If can't afford it .. Don't get it ..
So I apparently did some drum tracking and demos for Widespread Panic / JoJo this morning. That was a random thing to do in Nashville.
have a great time mate! I'm off work unfortunately(err fortunately depending on how you look at it) but they know you are coming!
About to go on soarin over california... From what I remember, this is the best ride.
American Eagle Outfitters Chooses Arnold Worldwide as Global Advertising ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Congratulations to the winner of our Facebook contest, Joanie Mary Pope. She won a KoreFit! "Like" our page to enter the next one!
I don't even care about the deans list anymore. I just need a C in math.
Preparing presentation for National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys Annual Convention - San Francisco, CA May 1
You smell like beer. Well yea officer I spilled some on my while driving..
Poster session poster done! Spicing it up with some Pictures of the Day!
no problem(:
when one of your so called friends do the fakest shit to you. <<<
Woke up with 2 pretty awesome messages in my inbox. You guys keep my spirits up and keep me motivated to create. Thank you!
lol shut up and I did
thank u !
people who come to a complete stop on Yellow ...That bitch is not red
Only downside of living on the West Coast, can't wait!
What do sea monsters have for dinner?Fish and ships.
Bouta slide through the next half of this shift. I should just drive to the crib and take a permanent break.
Is there a site that collects bad karaoke videos? If not, we're starting one. Got a couple winners to get things started
“: If you appreciate her, love her, and respect her, I can almost guarantee that you wont lose her. #GirlFacts”
Stay tuned for a great FREE music download from us to you tomorrow! Here's a hint: they build both monuments AND melodies! :)
Revis island baby
I think I've become an alcoholic over the past month.
Just felt the need to stop and kick my sister's car before leaving Grandma's house.
:) RT : Listening to the Still Strong EP. Missing all of the IA62 ad BTF hang outs an tours. Love you guys!
Wanted to let you know 2012 permit is moving forward. Future years will have to be taken one at a time.
#AtYourServiceConcierge is a completely FREE service! We check pricing on a multitude of platforms, & present you w/ the best options.
thanks for the favorite, hope you enjoy them.
I cried when the dogs died in eight below
I dont know if this is just me but I seriously hate that some fans meet & get RT'd by Justin so many times & Im just sitting here unnoticed.
Ask to sing Rainbow Connection for you - it's one of his karaoke standards :)
There's a cruel show on MTV:friendzone-where ppl profess their love to their besties. No! Bottle up those feelings and stop watching RomComs
MT Was listening to MJ's Dangerous album this morning while thinking bout Whitney Houston and 's commentary
Following, just saw some videos on her YT, great voice keep it up!!
I don't really know her per say, but my kids go to Highland and my oldest, Drew, is a 2011 grad. She might know him
Hi Friends...it's Friday! What's breaking? I'll be at the Live Desk 5-7AM with what you need to know. See U there.
Happy 4th everyone! We're open until midnight tonight. Try our new Baja Dog or our milkshakes. Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
#AskNate If someone made a funny comedy movie about your life, which part of the story would be the funniest and why?
Happy New Years folks!
Being sick is not fun #WhyMe?
Should have asked how old she is...? email me at
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THAT DAY 2 COME 3
don't remind me!
yes, we are working on that now! and and I need to get together on that soon
Flying out Friday! See ya there brothers and sisters!
I like 'em until they play the Bulls.
Dontch hate it when people teach u the wrong things?
thanks TweetHeart! there is a See's treat waiting for ya! Guest Services
i guess i never did actually like him as much as i thought i did.
thank you for following me !!!!
So JD wanna be wearing charm bracelets now, signs are showing in these artist now.smh
Ok got tweet limit on so I'm here!!!
RT : "Having a vision for what you want is not enough! ....“Vision without execution is hallucination” - Thomas Edison
She told me she was a GILF lol RT : smh how u know she 49
Fucking two days before the ap and you decide to start teaching german r u fucking kidding
I'm no theologian, but I'm pretty sure heaven is living in Manhattan without ever having to worry about money.
Had super fun birthday party thingy (: Good way to spend a Friday!
thanks lady!!!!!
Rethink what we mean by research (Key takeaway from Blackwell & Martin article)
lol u already know I'm fucking with u
Last day to save 40% off all SALE merchandise!
Chris Gocong just earned his paycheck... Turned the Stillers around all 4 plays
OMG this is the funniest shit I ever seen on twitter
One unexpected text can always make me 100x happier
on that ciroc red Berry, lovin it
Starting the day off with a trip to the DMV. This is probably not the best way to kick off
No hate here, dude, just pointing out cruelty. Much respect to the Halpinator.
« Today is so good man. Blessings!»
Downloading instagram on my phone
Great, and you?
If I were rich I'd be there!
Hi ~ followers !!! talk with me ;D
Last day at home before heading to Europe with MB.
Ever look at your EX and just think “Was I drunk our whole relationship?”"
time to record and start this full week out of school off right
I hate when gum does that!
Uribe did a fabulous job of making that routine ground ball look like a great play
Drunk 608 got it in!!!!
Our next 15 Days to the 25th winner is coming up at 6:35 - and today's prize is worth $750!
you ugly and fake
took the artist Steven Quartly out for doghnuts last night, what a treat. Four doughnuts going back to his kids in Ca
Happy back to school day!
My 5yo: is Jeff Gordon racing? He's gooder! <what does she know?>
Is it possible to think so hard you'll just forget?
And that new rihanna 'where have u been all my life' pop radio game on point damn
naah, I was just an extra but they paiid good...and I'm bound to be in a few scenes. [:
How is it only 2:00?? And HOW is September almost over?!?!?
thank you <U+263A>
Someone text me.
did you also posted on DSLReports direct forum? if you did, i am working on the issue now.
Sad realization when you see dudes on The Office at the gas station drivin a camry
Listening to music until i fall asleep.
"I train wack emcees in camps like ex-marines, why the fuck you think you went home and had bad dream."-dice vader da rawest..lol!
Haha- glad you liked it, Diane!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What are the best real estate websites? I'm Looking for a change.
There's this Mitch Hedberg joke about red bananas... turns out, you get them at the Kroger on Moreland Avenue.
Going to bed! YEEEEEEEEEEE, 3 MORE HOURS UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY Y'ALL. <3
I looked into your account and you should have received an email from me about 4 hours ago… maybe it went to spam?
My niece isn't asking for it. My sister wants to do it. My niece actually wanted her to talk to me & my other natural sister 1st.
one of our favorites!
Lol this guy quit his job to sell pills! I bet he's going to get somewhere far in life!
does Rice tweet?
Her husband, maybe?
Today In Science class my teachers like,"I hate to say this but the tennis ball is only going One Direction"Girls&Me:ONE DIRECTION!<3!<3!<3!
Amazing day in the gorgeous sunshine but now I can't focus on all the things I need to do inside.
I'm about to miss this boy like crazy. Will be the slowest two weeks..
is that supposed to offend me or be new information?
WITHEY REST IN PEACE! We will love you FOREVER
Is it just me or are public comments fun...
hey buddy, can you send some of that over this way!? :-)
Church is my least favorite place.
Why does #coffee taste so much better out of a paper cup?
Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
See you soon :)
dude...I'm trying...I dont even know where to go to check my messages...or when someone has sent me one...twitter isnt big in ak
How was the trip to LA? Where did you end up eating in Venice?
Ya kno me and Deivian cool lil gurl and this the only way in contact so just so ya kno
RT : Stanley Wilder's first new hire at UNCC was an anthropologist. How cool if that would be the norm for libraries!
Why do you ask? :)
- Hey there - you ok?
agreed. so much potential, but #sxhappy was the anti-happy.
cam newton i think is the real deal.
totally agree Jason!
S/O to for jumpin on that new single with #SHOWOUT gonna be
obviously he changed. Everyone does.
I think it was more like one of those hybrids that players are hitting now.
So many pools to clean, so little time to tweet! Its that time of year!
Had a very productive at the office today, abt to kick back and relax w/ Blunt.. (:
You wanna go "Gregg Williams" on them RT : Can't understand Grizzlies not going at Blake or CP3 when they were obviously hurt.
Reverting back to freshman year of college and having a orange juice and vodka.
Jobs made product announcements fun. At worse, it reduces Apple's spotlight in the news during these events.
Thanks for the follow
kicksrocks crew will be at current this Thursday!
no prob, Coach!
happy's mother's day i love u mommy!!!!!
Do people spell words wrong to be hip or are they just morons?...
So excited to give his Christmas gifts! Only a few more days :)
#HappyBirthdayMJ aka The GOAT!!! Often imitated Never Duplicated!!!
BUT THAT'S WHEN THE FOO FIGHTERS GO ON JORDAN
"Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men." -- 1963's "Strength to Love" - MLK Jr.
eww i can smell your Sagittarius form here!
The biggest mistake I have made in my life is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserved to.
Bucky, Rune, Pedro, Steven... not in that order.
Great weekend of racing at #ToyotaLBGP. Record crowds, hot weather on Fri. and Sat., cooled off nicely Sun. Look forward to 2012.
Thanks, Chris! GREAT song btw- we loved singing it!!
Just woke up. It feels soo god to sleep in omg yes.
Quit being a freak
If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said it would be easy, they just said it would be worth it.
Sorry to hear about your handyman mishap and glad you are ok. Hope everything gets gutter!
that sounds even cooler than deep-fried beer on a stick
They showed your video on local news in cinci tonight!
u hear it bro
Minnesota Vikings player Chris Cook says he acted in self defense. Cook took the stand today in his domestic assault trial.
lame-wad.
Language is not only the vehicle of thought, it is a great and efficient instrument in thinking. —Sir H. Davy.
*hands in da air* Nothing to say speechless...
I don't understand where someone is supposed to start reading or what would be the 'newest' post.
Do you mean potatoes? Or children?
oh of course, I'd feel the same way if the roles were reversed. No worries. That's the way the game is
I'll lose the stardom than to ever lose you, i promise i'll never use you, it's not a game boy.
wow. Just saw last episode. Marlo dropping the F Bom!. Fuck her. She is done on Bravo and the show
So...my first touch of social networks in 3 weeks. Not gonna lie, it was a lil hard at first but it's been so good 2 get away.
unrelated:what are the countries that don't have extradition agreements with the US? Asking for a friend...
just finished watching The Haunting... a movie about a girl destined to have an evil soul on her 18th bday. Scary film!
Dinner For Schmucks= fucking awesome movie
she looks naked
How many times do you need to get hurt before you realize it's time to let go??
many thanks! glad you had a good time at the #sxswLAM social affairs.
thanks for the guidance!
RT : DON'T MISS , , , and other Miami Marlins on the tomorrow morning after 10AM!
eh jus got to live wit it my family does in Mexico
Happy valentines to all ma peeps
Reupping on my biz cards today
How did we ever get inspired before social media? Must have been a lot of warm seats at the library. Love all the photo posts.
Getting back into it. How's my favorite Dork?
Okay, goodnight everybody.
WHOA. I'll have you know, sir, that she is. We're related.
Happy #MothersDay to the woman who kept my father from killing me since I was a pain as a kid... and for 34-years of unconditional love !
So ready for the new episode of game of thrones tonight. I need to catch up in the books though.
GOD help me remember this right now! <U+2665>
We had lunch at The Agean Breeze in Great Barrington, MA. Had a chicken burger with a Greek flair! M - Greek Fries!
To be sure, we are all Dog's creatures, but why couldn't the German shepherd have won?
You know what? I'm gonna tweet pointless stuff ;D
Thanks for all of those--I'll pass along to those of in the InD business--we're not doing epub yet but planning to.
did it
yes vincent jackson, i knew drafting you would pay off in the end
Stand your ground, Your remarks have merit, even if they make perfect targets for those who have an interest in distorting them.
I call it going thru it! Lol
Lean on me <3 Because no matter what happens between us, I'll always be here when you need me. No matter what. Once friends, Always friends
Don't let your mama sit in jail for mothers day. Bail her out and give her sole flowers.
Spring break has been very good to me so far.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#AllRelationshipsNeed Not two people + Facebook & Twitter.
Holy effing sh!$! was so funny that I peed a little!!! Excited to work on the tour in Minneapolis!
alright then don't forget!!! Somehow the pollo campero from here can never even get close to the imported one ._.
That moment when you want to punch the guy that has his headphones so loud everyone can hear his repulsive music...
Speak a blessing if you want a blessing. - Joy Haney from Power of Speaking Positive
perfect spot to hype up anelka to la
I'm serving as you lab rat testing great ways to drink. How is that not cool?
hey cousin
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -Steve Jobs
Heading home!!
That would be "write", not "right." Tutored the tutor, and it feels amazing.
Forgot my dog was in my car and I left her inside for like 30 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> my poor susie! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><U+2764>
. & during the day, are supporting I've trained myself to see it, over the yrs. Wall St RULES 'em all!
love love that color !
did you get your YouTube account back?
Because my first year watching Idaho politics was so depressing, I told myself not to pay too close attention this year. (1/2)
Good luck with finals this week!
why shitty mood?
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
OMG can't wait for next week! Have something REALLY big coming up. Wish me luck! :) ~ HOPE U HAD A GREAT DAY!!!!
Badweiser. That's all I got.
if you can find some, try some Aloe Vera. It helps with the pain a bit and feels cool against your skin which feels nice.
RT : In departing RIR, Doug Fritz becomes 4th ISC track pres to leave in past 2 yrs. Others at Daytona, Homestead, Joliet.
most of the time tho...it isn't....it's annoying.....not really
The Government theme is Pay and shut up.
Thanks for the follow. Check out my blog, and help me get the word out about it...RT!
Sounds so luxurious! You're making us all jealous here at Celebotastic!
#askarne why are parents and teachers not at the table
San Diego SHOWS ADDED!! Come out Come out wherever you are! Plus, MARCH 2010 TOUR w/VIVERA is gonna be.. ridiculous. more on that later :D
Gotcha. Gross :-/
Dairy <U+2764><U+2764> follows me on twitter lol
“: The best kind of relationship is when they're not only your lover, but your best friend too.”
I need to do a shoot of someone fromm my schooolll.. Any takers?
ikr!!!!! they are alomost my life, except for vlogging.
Wait.. Huh? Watt happened?
i just wasted 150 to buy this nonsense album...
Thanks for the advice! Appreciate it.
I'M FREE! For two and a-half days :/ OH WELL!
Ok just cried watching Miranda's performance. Beautiful. And Blake's intro was so sweet.
Is showing South Korea vs Greece tomorrow at 6:30am!
Don't wake me up, cause I'm sleeping this life away
On vacation. Eating well and going to see another game tonight with the guys.
Got chastised in jschool for calling business school "vocational." But the NYTimes seems to agree with me....
Yeah. It's not much fun. BTW I'm at almost 2700 views on youtube and I love chocolate too
Any lovely ladies want to do Share 4 share?? ONly doing it for a few hours :)
Houston American Energy Announces 1st Quarter 2012 Estimated Operating Results
Have you ever known me to do something or get somewhere the way its supposed to be done or the way others have done it??? I Think Not!
Who loves the as much as ? Maybe you? 300 pts gets you 2 tickets for BOX SEATS!
MODERN FAMILY tonight was priceless!!!
RT Follow & & RT to win: We’re giving away 3 copies of Discovery’s LIFE series! 30th, 90th, and 150th RTs win!
OMG YESS!! I thought that was you. Lol my mom cut off my phone so i dont have a phone anymore D:
its so beautiful outside so i think i'll tan.
Rt “ Boots to asses.””
Glad we're connected! Can't wait to work with ya!
Smile its Monday
I swear I'm the villian again yay
Glad im exempt from all them tests!
There is no such thing as Hard Sell / Soft Sell... only Smart Sell.
a good analogy if ever there was one.
One of the many reasons I watch New Girl: "I might as well call you 'Bridge to Terabithia' because you make children cry."
I don't understand people half the time .
yeah they do kinda have a on of choices. Try a few. How the sick coming?
Ol shit!!! Idk how much more I can take
Lots to do as always, but I love the challenge...I get a high off of surpassing my current limitations!
I was just thinking the same thing. I think its
You have 6,666 tweets right now >
BOOM! Just came back from an eye-opening experience in KC! Truly a sight to behold! I Can't wait for the next event!
cuz it's bullshit guy. Theres policy out there struggling and you think you can talk shit.
Whether you think you can, or think you can't..... you're right.
I hate spam y r u doing this to to mee..!!!! I bet my followers dont like it all of u I AM REALLY SORRY...!
it's not that bad, you'll be fine :-)
Almost done with this shit
(bryan) Just connected with the illustrator who did MS's Clippy. We're gonna grab coffee soon.
Has there really been a #rockstarteacher since the early 70's? All the new stuff seems so derivative. I blame Nancy Reagan.
Please. Just stop.
Happy Mothers Day to All the Mothers of the World, especially my Mum and th mother of my children.
smart move. I did that a couple years ago. Traded other people's drama for my own happiness.
loves his friends for their support in this, his hour of need.
Watching the sunrise on my roof >>>>>>>>>
Twitter + girls + my niggas = life
haha that sounds fun! ;)
Black jersey + orange cap = Marlins jersey Halloween bliss for me. Tempted to wear this on Halloween and go as "Guy Who Loves Castro".
"I wish you could apply for boyfriends like you apply for jobs." - Lmfaoo ily:*
I will give it a try. But I'm already pretty tired.
Don't stress how real you are, whenever you are quite the opposite
I decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis
Happy easter!! :P
My grandmother just admitted that she carries around large sums of money in her bra..and she acted it out...hahahahaha
Went to Happy Hour after work came home and fell asleep. I'm still on the couch and it's 4 hrs later! Wow...I'm old!
Ladies: What dating advice do you have for single MEN?
With the 30th anniversary of the 1st AIDS diagnosis in two days, I am remembering way too many friends who have passed. :(
how is the first day of Spring fair going?
Coming up blonde day continues with Victoria Silvstedt from E Entertainment's My Perfect Life & Tori Spelling and her new book Mommywood
I think my brother ended up paying ~$40 when he got his a few years back. The trick was finding one with a trailer.
I'm on The Baltimore Sun's breaking news shift right now. Any news tips? Be sure to @ reply me or Thanks!
Glad I waited for Dvd. Hope Mr Deeds is better!
Love MORE. Judge LESS.
I just like my collections, I never cared about achievements honestly unless a pet/mount was attached to it.
why! Thank you!
selling out on your core values & principles isnt peace but capitulation but don't let that stop u 4om pontificating.
Man, I still haven't been to Keenland. Apparently I'm missing out. I'll get there one day before I'm 40. Maybe.
RT Rookie Marcus Morris leads the with 15 in first half as they lead 53-51. TD w/ 12 for Spurs.
Black licorice, & fresh pineapple are good before voiceovers, but when I've got lots of copy, honey filled cough drops. Coats the throat.
hey u still have that Friday ticket ?
Yea that was a cheap shot by Metta Artest or whatever but its still not even close to what happened at the Palace so yall have to chill
I bow to you ser!
Thoughts and prayers go out to our friends in Tuscaloosa, Chattanooga & across the southeast after last night's devastating storms.
This will definatly be one of the hardest decisions I will ever make.. :(
Ugh. Hate that I get the urge to 'like' tweets as though it's not enough to just read them and be amused.
lol , we use too have so much fun !
I sincerely hope everyone remembered their Mother yesterday for Mother's Day! And the Mother that brought your children into this world!
true; we'd need a game plan and guidelines to explore/decide/implement. We could also use "our" content.
Kos has trouble scoring while Hendricks operating with one eye.. not a great sign
because is an awesome cheekee and a master at keeping tabs on the Madrid culture scene
what is there, 10 weeks until the draft? I can't wait, one of my favorite weekends.
Let's start a crucial taunt cover band & call it dutch door action. Yes I'm watching Wayne's World
ATTN: is officially the newest member of D1C. He will be strumming strings for all of you on the guitar. Video update soon!
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. Napoleon Hill
i think i have an ear infection :( blah when i get them they hurt SO bad i usually end up crying
Tomorrow night at 6:30! Featured Artist Patricia Ward will speak about her installation Re/Vision. Join us!
About time! :)
Heard some of the Jersey shore cast is down here
Headed to Cincinnati this weekend... Hello Hofbräuhaus Newport
i have entered all that i had up to last tues. if you have sent it since then, i have not entered it yet
I had my doubts about the ice, but it's a solid 10 inches. Gotta love northern Minnesota.
djcdub at gmail
A tough day on the heart and emotions
Hey Bill, do you have a source for the Colston injury? Can't find anything about it online? Thanks!
Sunsweet, you've had 50 years to solve the problem. Time to admit that the wrinkles are a feature, not a bug. Declare victory and go home.
jay is the one who said he'd look!
“: Hot in the Chi” good ass weather! Can't complain
Congrats to Jim Rollins and debuting #2 on the NY Times list. Everybody buy Doomsday Key!
Hey are you back home yet?? lol
I'm 13 y.o
to late.
Glad you liked the new video. :)
I hate recovering to test, because it reminds me of having to recover and go live.
The worst part about leaving high school for me is leaving my bros
does it have to look like a book or can it be something from a book...
Our beer tasting club will be pouring barley wine this week. Any suggestions?
“: RT and ill tweet u something perv”
HOUSTON: THE GHOST INSIDE w/ First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundredth, Myth & Legend, Floating Man TONIGHT @ ShadowPlay Lounge!
Okay, Utah. You win this time. I'll stay inside since you insist on snowing me in.
oh yeah? Prove it to me
"Urban Spelunker".. That's a real thing..
um its joshs birthday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Is #scholarlybeerkitchen2012 still on? Some of us are just now finishing dinner
#Zimmerman's defenders are their own worst enemies: they huff & puff then accuse #TrayvonMartin of, essentially, walking.
Adrian Peterson ain't walkin across that stage.
Thanks for the follow back! West Coast Jazz is definitely one of my fav books. Good to see Kessel's name in there!
Trainer: 'Nice sprint at the end! Where did that come from?' Client: 'Well the guy running in front of me was wearing a f&*$#@! 20lb. vest!'
Lmfao let me know when you come here!! What part of the US are you coming to?
I can't wait for Halloween time to come back around. I'm pretty excited for it <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
I fell so hard on my face today in the dmv
It's 614 on DirecTV, not sure otherwise.
Glad we could all have a descent sports convo without resorting to name calling and UNFOLLOWing!
Brass Monkey West Allis opens early tomorrow for all you Opening Day Peeps!! 930am! Go #Brewers!!
I have the best boyfriend ever. :3
I really wish I wasn't so lonely. Haha.
time travel!
Live music.
if any of them are Kim Jong Il propaganda films it's gonna be a late night.
Awk moment when your dad gets an instagram...
It's nothing..just a little Austin drama. Don't tell him that I talk about him on Twitter..lol(:
Back in MKE for the weekend! Just realized what I was missing all these days!!!! Atlanta is too warm ;-(
It's easy to make labels or envelopes in Word 2007 — just go to Tools > Letters & Mailings > Envelopes and Labels.
Reminds me of when I chose not to comment on "The Social Network" on Facebook.
And here we go.
Come celebrate Teen Tech Week with Do It Yourself crafts at the Main Library on March 6th at 4:30 pm.
RT & Follow by midnight EST today for a chance to win 2 tix to the expo March 2!
Who’s ready for a Friday fish fry?!!
i want a nap and to drink tea all day. not to go to class for 5 more hours then right to the airport.
Another night where sleep eludes me... let me try one... more... time....
More tweaks tomorrow. Must sleep now so I can focus later this morning.
u gotta link yo 2k account to yo twitter
Oh sh*it y'all. has Court Theatre's Angels in America.
Lupe Concert was awesome!
Very true my friend. Hope all is well down in Texas.
I'm back yall(;
not everywhere? Remind me.....:-)
Attended a chapter meeting tonight. Great questions from activists about DC bag fee results and when MD will get on board
If you are rocking out this cyber Monday - don't forget to check out for even more offers!
based on his current avatar, I'd guess "topless photo." re: How does have more followers than me?
Happy Birthday <3
Football is so great that even watching dudes walk around in shorts is compelling. That is a noble achievement.
power outage on Georgia st 92013. Whole block I think.
You must really love life right now huh? People back you up.
Insomniac Unite in the form of.... Sleep!
are you running it?
#SituationOfDay The player with the larger chip stack when they bust gets paid. The other gets diddly.
How did you finish at Bloomsday? I didn't run, so I need to live vicariously through you.
He answered my txt
I hope you get better!<3
LESS GO NEKA, HANDS R GETTING COLD....LOL
Do we have any bowlers out there in twitter world? Stay tuned for details on the Farmers Insurance bowling event for !
Every time somebody says "I Do" I say "I can't go through with this"
hahah I'm back to
Laundry, dishes, bathroom, a clean apartment and im a happy camper :)
I'm trying to get there. Just finishing up dinner at Union Station
It must be summer because the pedal boats are in the lagoon by the lakefront.
our objective - find a chemical free, natural solution that could deliver lasting, balanced protection under tough environmental conditions
That moment when you realize this is the last time you'll be in class with your favorite seniors.. #sadtweet ):
Want to hear some awesome original music call RIGHT NOW 222-BUZZ
really? why so? do you think Social Media is going to decline?
"Wonderful: I got some great sleep last night"
I've ordered 18 little people; one for each of you.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
Jersey shore on #mtv is a fucking riot!
So... who else scored in the sale? :)
Yes they are, I know many adventure time songs :) the one I sang I happen to have memorized..glad I'm not the only one that loves them :)
Me and were having lmao moments today
Hey do you think of me too?
how's Aaron?
LA next weekend! Can't wait!.
You never realize how many lives will be touched when you change your Facebook relationship status.
Cesar Millan (The Dog Whisperer) just wrote the foreword for my new book, Leveraging Linkedin, The Ultimate Guide to Your Career Network!
RT : I love the team and the ability to execute at But need to ditch the model -- it's not going to work.
then I'd probably be giving people head under a bridge to afford buying it, so I guess forget I said anything.
streamer wise, only me, but we have 2 photographers and a videographer as well
Working at Coupa Cafe--high ceilings, hexagonal skylights, stone floors inlaid with colored mosaic, and walls the color of blood oranges.
I ALWAYS enjoy it...;)
Completed my 2nd mile. Harder than the 1st. Ran more than half this time. Have to remember: pain is weakness leaving the body. Suck it up.
Our town hall meeting in Ward 2 tonight is at 6:30 pm at Foundry United Methodist Church at 1500 16th Street NW.
RT : Guess all y'all #freeboosie tweets and statuses worked!!! <~~ LMAO!!!
Instagram and hashtags make the WSJ automatically relevant to technologically proficient youth such as myself! You won social media
The #internet and its power to deliver content without barriers is the most disruptive global social force!
wow... Michigan St in trouble at home vs. Iowa...
HEATHER MORRIS IS HOSTING NEXT WEEKS PUNKD. I THINK I JUST DIED.
Uh Oh!! What she know bout it? RT makin it na$ty
You're right. Band's from Scotland, but he's from Belfast -- good point!
Somehow just saw this photo
Geez, my scarring looks like a section on Rock's tribal tat.
I'm with you, yo.
Hi Terrence, Thanks for the #FF mention! Susan
• follow b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!
look at you tweeting on a saturday morning. haha. have an awesome weekend my friend. ;)
You could always become one of the "Sister Wives." hehe
Really digging this new #katebush album. Never thought I'd say that again.
Someday you'll wake up and realize that you let the best thing that ever happened to you slip through your fingers.
Teaching my first yoga class tomorrow in almost 4 months!
coming up ;)
good karma helps good people.
If it still hurts. you still care.
i luv u!
There's more if you haven't had breakfast. Nothing like cake and scrambled eggs.
#pw2012 Credit Builders Alliance says that credit is an asset
I just realized that I asked about the particular field twice,so disregard that.
are we hanging out today
Just wanna give props to my younger brother and the 9th grade SMN football team in their 24-0 victory over SMNW.
suck my head hahgaha
the survivors guide to LA by yours truly.
you are correct in your conclusion.
#WetDreams pool party gonna be live af
Remember, irresponsibility always leads to better stories.
oh yes! No worries, we'll definitely be going line dancing and two stepping when you come visit!
awkward wave of jealousy over someone that will never be "yours".
It's the Clippers. They'll keep him. RT One positive for the Clippers: no VDN next season.
But congrats to Agustin cause he's confirmed now!
How you got a list without southwest artist of the year on that #xxlfresmen2012 ??
#HowToGetRejected show up for a date in sweats. Door in yo FACE! GTFOH!
"Dear {MediaContactFirstName}," began the e-mail I deleted the fastest today.
probably not for both it'd be cool though!!!
Moving forward!
Enjoying your distillation of the nectar of some Heifetzian nuggets re: Adaptive Leadership, Ellen. Thx much!
#Posada give up at the end of the season, not during!
go click on my page its there lol I need views RT : it gets to the page but no video pops up.
Too many goodbyes! :'(
For sure, and I really don't think they'll regain it. The Kings press too hard for them to do so. They look so frustrated.
Don't let people or circumstances push you down or hold you back. Fight back with forgiveness, faith and perseverance!
why am i always so nervous
Finally heading home after a long but awesome day.
a few AVID students came up and hugged me and thanked me for sharing my story. great start to my day. even tho no sleep...
Convention in AC over at noon. Time to hit the pool!!!
All the Fine Young Danimals
Portland's economy is solely based on hanging out. I might need to move here and retire now.
Good morning Seattle & Happy Friday! Finish your week strong!
What do accountants suffer from that ordinary people don't?Depreciation.
wit who
Thank you so much for your kind words, Angie! Keep making us proud!
$810billion cut to #Medicare, $123B cut to #foodstamps, $228B increase in military all in 10yrs. US House Budget. What do you say?
U just got a snippet of Water Tower Town by Whatcha think?
5 minute #Maddow warning....get your coffee ready!
Sales experience in television and want to sell time on a Christian TV station and website in Las Vegas? Contact ASAP .
Was a true honor to be a part of your seminar -- and to be in the company of so many interesting people.
For the ladies: What style of heel do you prefer (if any) ?
Most small venues are loaded with student sections. Rupp is made for " money" folks, older clients
Want to do something New with my Hair but I really want to keep it Red.
I'm gonna pick up the pieces And build a lego house If things go wrong we can knock it down
Longtime Middle School LMS needs input on using social networking & online resources for prof development. Mainly technology resources.
yes. It's like 40 degrees and it's May. WTF IS THIS SHIT?!?
Do Matt 300 gotta twitter?
Here go shhhing people again.
i eat the first piece too. M lol
glad you made it to the twitter world bro!
wants to pop my blackheads. It's disgusting
it's up but (apparently) temporarily limited to local IP addresses. General service should return soon.
Ok. Great. We are both drunk. I'm horny and he just started playing Diablo II.
Congrats to for winning the Perfectly Petite category at Chocolate Madness last night!
Putting freshly scrambled eggs in your bed is great b/c it creates a natural, #environmentally friendly warm bed for you to eat those eggs.
I Wanna Wingsuit Outta Plane..
Bang bang. Awesome possum it work.
Happy 90210 Day!
we should get Mexican on Saturday then! :)
Ive got a idea for #sharktank a portable toilet for your car. when your done you throw the biodegradeable bags out the window! Go brown!!!!!
TONIGHT - SPRING BREAK 2012 with Special Guest DJ's Sam Groove from Phoenix AZ, J Bowra, Amy Lopez & DJ Ja along with Lotus Resident DJ XES
What would you do for a #KlondikeBar? I walked into the staff room and grabbed one.
You might be where he's at but I'm where he wanna be! Baby baby!
Burnt from playing basketball outside? Takes talent <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Miss Caton is my name, running in heels to catch the smith warehouse bus is my game! Training paid off today.
I like that one too c:
Love is a many splendid thing. Love lifts us up where we belong. All you need is love! ---from the movie Moulin Rouge
#AFS11 more podcasts from ! www.artisanancestors.com
That's a given.
I just performed on The Maury Show. I really hope you enjoyed it. I was so excited and MAURY kissed me on the head. 1-866-996-2879
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. KING OF POP! MICHEAL JACKSON! THANK U FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK! NOW WE HAVE A PIECE OF U 4 EVER. THROUGH YOUR MUSIC!
sorry, I haven't kept you in my loop. I'm now loving near Boston. We also have a new baby girl (6mos actually) Will call soon
About time to see my friendly local ganja man.
next time say more of the song I might just sing along
welcome to
I always love more followers, thank you :D
follow me on twitter let me know who u got 2nite colts or jets "Only"
That was awkward.
#ReasonsToLoveTexas lives there
I know there's something wrong with me. So plz don't give up on me.
you don't have a gigantic forehead!:) PLEASE follow me, I've being waiting ageeeesssss!<3
getting ready for an art opening soon.
Praying you feel better soon. Yucky.
#NowPlaying: "Blacklist Club" Album, by
if you need help I would help you!
Selling dope doing hair and watching kids all at the same time
Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake
has joined We hope to see her and at conference in Chicago this Saturday.
Shit I'm sleepy. I need some sleep.
way to blow the #lions game by missing a sure touchdown
Sorry, two teams that AVERAGE 40+ points a game. 22-19 on a 17 yard field goal? #TCU !!!
Will you be close to Milan or Rome in June?
Thank you! I'm afraid at this stage of nest-sitting, all the pictures look pretty much the same. Facing left, facing right. :)
“: Hitler's mother considered abortion but the doctor persuaded her to keep the baby.” that cunt.
always on point team
Omg hes home!!!!!! Crying my heart out
I've never even see yours!!!
she is! i loved her in couples retreat
okay andy. i will try to refrain from poker profiling.;)
“: Love how much love you guys have for us were blessed” I ADORE YOU GUYS AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU GUYS <3
Whatever happened to the lil sister from 5 heartbeats?
Dentists across Wisco are cringing. The Pack are SUPER BOWL BOUND!
Doesn't Matt Kemp have 10 HRs? I thought I saw that on the big screen at yesterday's game.
um...la hacienda is closed :( so...?
so wish I went to timeflies
An oxymoron "living dead"
Just followed your new friend
take care of business...get that team in shape. Nice night to play
#GoodbyeOctober, #HelloNovemeber How early will you all start listening to Christmas music?
Lol, those kids should really stop trying to change the world, don't they know it's just going to end in 7 months anyway?
Thanks for putting them on my radar. Will check them out tonight.perhaps I need to make a visit up there. I'm not afraid.
Titanic? meh. Im holding out for Super Fuzz in 3D.
Thanks for all your great work!!!
“: Got stung by a bee today. But its ok, I get it...everybody wants a piece of this”
Bahah Did you do it LMFAOO cause i think i might lol
In first block can't wait till 3:05:-)
Congrats 2 for being Long Shot Podcast's 1,000th Twitter follower! You win a no-expense paid vacation & our undying gratitude!
Who cares if it's legal anymore
Clearly hired to class up the joint
Thanks for your great work promoting attendance.
you beat my team tonight!
right?!?:) haha so much in my mind! Ah:)
i miss my android ..
Morton: My talk is allergy medicine.
Cole Green starts, in case you haven't heard yet.
Cleanliness is next to godliness in a dictionary missing some stuff.
Of course, nice to meet you as well!
but summer is coming!! 12:25 on June 1 is when summer starts!! 21 days of school left
Hitting up 90's night tonight ! Happy Belated Birthday !
": i'm not with this katy perry weather, it's hot then it's cold." Ba-dum-pss
OH: "So I thought, 'oh no, Dan is in the bathroom with Bill Gates! And that's why we don't expect an invitation...'" <- a different Dan!
agreed, but the things we do to #hubwork., right? RT : Second-hand Cheese Steak is a real danger to your health.
whose spot did Gilbert take?
thanks for calling me out
sent you my info at the FresnoBee website email.
thanks Melanie
Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization
nigga I was sleeping should of told me earlier!!
great! I will take a look! thanks!
Nielsen numbers suggest that while 92% of consumers say they trust word-of-mouth recommendations, less than 1/2 trust paid ads in tradition…
what's ur email address I'll send u 5 for free as long as u really help me spread the word :)
#NeverShouldYouEver call a girl ugly.. She'll remember that for the rest of her life.
Agghhhh I feel under the weather in spite of it being a very productive day!
You never fail to amaze me, Justin!<3 GREAT JOB on #BOYFRIEND :) you sound AMAZING!!(:
Harry Crane is a tool
school drama <
Im already in love with half the guys on the
and a belated xoxo to you!
"Talk shit, get hit." ~ My sister LOL
DC: Fenty I asked that you pack your bag and go damit I turned out to be correct. Perhaps you will do the right thing in your future runs??
you know what i want? i want the people upstairs to sit the hell down and stop damn moving around
I'm rambling. It's late.
Listening to Bob Marley.
He's Irish. He's amazing. He's incredibly nice. He's left handed. He's beautiful. He plays guitar. RT if you know who I'm talking about. :]
I'm always having the best time with :D
YEP.....that's what I said.....SAPONNNNNG
He is running for Congress! Ohio's 9th District!
Jobs are askin 4 PICS now, I didn't know I had to look the part to sell coffee or Italian food... Job hunting SUCKS!!!!
Gold's Gym ZUMBA TONIGHT,COME ZUMBA WITH US WITH ALL THE LATEST TRACKS AND MOVES FROM HANS
Great show with Ken Jeffries today on KFWB! Thank you to our listeners and callers!!!
haha me too have black eye
Prosecco lovers, we just released a special DOCG rated gem for only $23!! This will tease & entice your senses in ways you never imagined!
When I was younger, I totally thought Tracy Chapman was a dude.
****BEATS FOR SALE**** #ExclusiveRights #LeaseRights & #CustomMadeBeats.... If u #rap #sing GET AT ME!!!
RT #ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because we can't afford it.
They were AWESOME! A really great show! They come to Denver a lot because the bassist is from Colorado!
A noise ticket could cost you $500 at #lastthursday. Keep it in check, yo. And fire spinners. You need a permit!
Pitt State Jazz Festival today! Cant wait! Just gotta make it through psychology class...
I wonder that as well! Hahaha
Thanks for the RT! We're really excited about our exhibit at 5th and K - what do you guys think?
i used to be love drink but now im hungover.
Try U of Maryland. They have a whole warehouse of old school stuff that they sell super cheap. They might be willing to donate.
EVERYONE LOVE A WINNER.
the precautions the DA wants to implement are very reasonable and if you ask me still allow too much gun freedom.
spreading the good word.
hey Roddy, it's
Only 9 more days until I'm a legal adult :)
And RT : Same goes for you !!! RT : hey i want your account. commmmmooonnnn.
A tv can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer
you could be right ;)
hey, I am in Cambridge too! Wave if you see me.
wow!! thx for the great card :-) yr class certainly knows how to host a guest speaker.
awesome! thank you!!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 120
seeing the #avengers in imax w/ and i'm stoned to the gills man! to the gills!!!
sorry my phone died. Rushing out to see Young Adult tomorrow....
ask away
Mine is coming along nicely! Does Aaron have a beer director yet? ;)
Today we're at in Corona! Come by and get some early Christmas shopping done!
And you can drag mult items at same time. Is it sad I'm legitimately this excited?
Rihanna looks like Tina Turner #abusedhomage?
Thanks for the follow! plz keep a look out for us! We got some really cute, sexy, and fun items coming your way! =)
:) I assume you guys don't get those commercials up there.
When Bieler is trending and u automatically think of J
Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye.
Wish I could join the party! #ias12 #hxdconf Hope to see some of you at #UPA2012 in Vegas!
Workout set on the calendar tomorrow for 6 am. Lord help me have the strength to get myself out the bed when my alarm rings.
Thanks ! See you on Thursday!
Hi everybody.
Everyone please get home safe!!! :3 call a cab!!!!!
It's never too early to start! ;)
this works! “: Tell someone they look nice and make their day and watch someone say something to make your day”
I Dont Show MY True Feelinqs Much Cause When I Do I Get Hurt
Booth Tarkington~ There are two things that will be believed of any man whatsoever and one of them is that he has taken to drink.
The way to get good ideas is to get lots of ideas, and throw the bad ones away
what are we RT now?
A Chilly Morning, back to ya.
nice! I got a DM from a fan asking if I will do a slicing bread video. Weird. But awesome! but of course I have to do it naked. :)
Mitt is now free to unleash his inner centerist. ": Looks like Rick Santorum is hanging up the "Sweater Vest".. thoughts?"
My organic blue agave spilled all over my favorite reusable bag.
competition is fierce on librarian road trips!
That awkward moment when you're going through someones tweets and its about you
hey chris, i was in ghana last semester studying abroad, and I saw backpacks ppl bought...
Hey Heather! I'm following u already, I'm your only one actually ;) Do I know u in person...? No bell is ringing...
How can they possibly stop photos , videos, audio at BRUCE keynote Everyone has a phone lol
It's gonna be so hard to get 1d US summer tour tickets. :(
2014 prediction: g and f in federal court for privacy violations related to g and f phones
stop cussin, u heathin !!! U can't be mad cuz I ain't no do boy!!! lol
can you make it so you can change the background color or make it transparent?
50% Highschool graduation rate in NV??? #weshouldallbeashamed! Glad I'm teaching a few design courses at IADT!
Great to run into today and see the awesome new digs!
yessir. When you get home?
&& about to get ready to head that way.. got alot on my mind.. <3
A gloomy morning in Denver CO. after the Nuggets couldn't get it done and the Rockies get swept.....Somber Mood... Still love
You belong @ your library as libraries transform lives through technological literacy
": , i know we got lots of fees right now, but please take this weekend! its a steal that you wont regret."
Your girlfriend has 67 protons.
Home of the Legendary "Prego" Pizza, Janelle discovers what makes Skipolini's Pizza so unique. Watch this Saturday (12/12/09) at 5:30pm.
I just took a nap and i dreamt that someone put up a picture of their dick getting sucked on instagram idk y
Spring cleaning with a little motivation from Girl Talk.
Use of XML 2 parliaments think Akoma Ntoso could be used as int'l XML standard. 7 others would use for main leg docs.
ive been there 6 times already!!!
Wtf?! When did bud light start becoming such assholes about their beer! Their hiring snipers for their beer shipments
Fuck, my braces just cut me and dug into my meat in my mouth ouch!!!:(
Looking at The Webby Awards since we have a nomination. Fun to see the other entries.
"youd have to be really dumb to drag a dead body down the street" "or just smart enough to"
Thanks for the support homie workin on anotha banger right now with
I need to get over my shyness and talk to the boys I find as "boyfriend material".
There is a certain ring to it than the phrase(s) it is substituting for lack.
Trying MOEs southwestern grill for lunch today. Moes Tofu is surprisingly good! Mexican & Tofu is a nice paring.
Biggest difference was this time the tech actually listened to my problem first, then started troubleshooting. Thanks again!
Order sent to Ismail in Singapore!
Wild pitching week for me. Cahill/Blackburn...ugly. Sabathia/Ervin Santana...fantastic. Lessons learned. Bench vs. Yanks/Bosox/Rangers.
therapy for my ankle ):
Friends, you've been warned: I will be insisting that all of you join me for theater release of on June 22nd.
Hey guys! I do follow EVERYONE Back BUT pornstars. Lots of them are following me and im NOT following them back so thats why it looks like^^
Tune up and oil change next
I'm trying baby! I am feeling a little bit better... I'm not so hot anymore!
Downton Abbey is surprisingly riveting.
That annoying moment where your internet goes really slow and you wanna throw your computer across the room"
25 days!! Reblog if you know what that day is about(;
Adv of Dewey is uniformity across library colls. Does it create a different problem if we all use different sub headings?
So, Yankee Stadium has now banned kindles... but my much more multi-use phone is okay?
"And please don't talk to me about 'things as they are' being changed upon any 'blue guitar.'" - Maggie Nelson
thanks for attending #cmsf. Nice to meet & thanks for the mapping tips. I'll be watching !
instead of tha dance ricky bobby can we make a lil bobby dance?
I could listen to Thom Yorke all day, but these videos are hilarious
Lets build music that will wrap around you & stay with you... Blessing
Dr. Grant > Tebow
If you're not part of a social media site, you must be ugly.
PLZ RT Need logo designer for a high end candles. need Illustrator 3 vector. Pls have an eye for design w/luxury detail. send portfolio link
Hope everyone has a great weekend! What are your plans?
I thought was pretty good at Golden Globes. Nothing to me is better than watching irreverence at its best.
Heading to jail I mean school sorry there almost the same thing
Driving on back roads at night <
In the studio with Young Dizzy, almost done. Thinking bout hittin the gym. Or just chillin for the rest of the day. Humm...
Cattle Extend Rally as Mad Cow Fails to Slow Demand; Hogs Drop
From no-hitter to losing pitcher
Just had the worst news of my life. I can officially say that April 5, 2012 is not a friend a mine!
My 11-year old son just showed off his new haircut. I didn't know that "soccer hooligan" (er, "football hooligan") was an actual hairstyle.
RT : Go follow my peeps at
thanks babe
#Blues music blasting and #Pirates hitting. Exciting times!
RT : Re. #agile #ux we should not settle for UX practice as production component. Settle for no less than UX as prime mover.
Thank you! This is very helpful.
Videoos Inspire Me <3 Especially Fix you. You rock!
thanks for the retweet!
Find out who's tweeting about the #Giants and #Patriots in the #SuperBowl right now (and where they're from): bit.ly/y4c56h
I can't even say how happy it would make me if you followed me!
umm...I thought we were supposed to wear snow boots in Dec, not rain boots!
This night is dragging--------and I love it!
What happens if a black dude walks into an asian bar? He walks the fuck out.
Tim! Thanks for the #FF last week. I wasn't on here much over the weekend. YOU'RE the coolest individual I know.
let's hope the bucks don't ask freeway mike to stop being freeway
Awe fuck y'all too the lol
Woman on Politico stream: stop embarrassing the rest of us and put your patent pumps back on.
sick and can't sleep :/ someone come snuggle under my nightmare before christmas blanket and snuggie, keep me warm and watch tv with me ! :/
Oh you didn't know?
Gosh, 's new show Derek is really sincerely sweet and touching. Ain't available in US yet, but I'll give ya my money later Mr G
CoThrive just landed more funding. Thanks to eating our own dogfood, creating fans and discovering Steve Blank's Four Steps to the Epiphany
hi :) how are you?
some people complain that the bodyguards are too mean but they have to protect the boys.
According to , national champion #BCHockey will throw a ceremonial first pitch before tonight's game.
You should do a follow spree...starting with me. ;D
Wouldn't mind have some Dairy Queen !
Thx for the follow. I tried to follow you but I've hit my follow limit. looks like you give great info.
#wordpress here we come...
ignorance gains followers
yeah u sent the previous to abechicago lol
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Great news! Hell yeah!!!
This grant writing thing is just not happening at the moment. I'm totally frustrated. I hate being alone all day, trying to think/work/write
OMFG. LMAO! Clearly, you can see that I was up too late. How nice to have that extra day!
boo! so sorry. like super fast? we have a Shop Vac if you want one!
Destiny misses you already Jacob. You got me posting depressing tweets! ): I grew up with you!
Don't lose ur head
first day of classes tomorrow. I am a bit apprehensive about this semester.
i can #SaveYouHalf, dont need another food coma
If #NATO countries would stop sending in #terrorists, #Assad could easily handle the politics. He <3 his ppl.
is an unlicensed troublemaker!
There is no desire for life to be honest.
Congrats -Regional Theater TONY nod ! Let's do celebratory lunch at your neighbor DC @!! DowntownDCBID
In Greensboro visiting true friends
Considering visiting the national library of scotland. My blood-#archives level is low. But will the husband forbear? Stay tuned!
Glad to have found you! :D
I finally got my iPhone 4S and my Siri does have a little sass to her.
#cityplanners: what are your favorite #bookstores?
I'm signing up for FBX Visitor Industry Walk which benefits local non-profits such as the Fairbanks Community Museum.
To be asked of every product - is it interesting, and is it legible?
#fridaylistens finished Divine Justice by Baldacci - an excellent thriller! started Little Brother by Cory Doctorow
Find it funny that Madonna and Gagas year 2012 is trending because it's not going to be true at allBecause we all know this is Justin's year
Are you having a hard time on practicing your piano lessons?
Lamestar is deader than hell!
so is my twitter name legitimate or what?
Austin Mahone has a real talent i can honestly say that Austin Mahone can makes a million of girls melting 'cause of his voice.
yeaa well your sitting on my couch so watch whos gonna get their ass beat dawg.!(x
Welcome Tim Schade! You are in great hands on Dawkin's team, don't hesitate to contact the home office though if you need any assistance.
Ain't tryna break your heart, tryna give your heart a break.
thanks for the RT. Do you know who her PR is perhaps?
Dell fending off EMC&#39;s maintenance push
To live in a world without you is more painful than any punishment. Do you know that no one can replace you in my heart?
I don't know who your RBs are, but I'd say AP, CJ, and AFoster are must starts this week.
RT - DAVID HUFF OF THE CLEVELAND INDIANS IS THE FIRST SINCE 2001 TO LEAD THE INDIANS IN WINS,HE WENT 9-4 FTER TEAM LOOSES IN 2009
As a Poli sci major, I lol'd at the Kony video demanding for the Int'l Courts. I'd rather give him to Ugandans for justice.
That two weeks going in tomorrow
Thursday is rockin TV night, oh wait that's every night
don't make fun of it >:o!!!! Thts how I like it lolol jk
RT : unlocked my tweets so my stalkers can see how good i am :) <<<aint nobody stalkin... U a stalker yourself
can't sleep might just play #mw3 until i get tired and might not go to school tomorrow :3
Went a little to hard last night
I forgot about throw back Thursday !! Let's see what I can find.
Ever get the feeling that your money is liked more than you are?
Did I ever txt er back? Shit idk *Kanye Shrug*
It's official. Pierced Zebra needs to hire seasonal employees. Email me at piercedzebra at yahoo dot come if you're interested!
I sure did pick up some white socks but I doubt they gonna fit u. Lol. U can use them as a beanie though
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
What a crazy night of baseball. That was awesome.
hey "Heat" fans, you don't have to bash Wade to prove your undying love for Lebron... it's quite unbecoming...
So proud of for bein on his phone today while walkin the stage. I see you
someone wanna meet some purttyyy ladies
Thanks for making golf worth watching again !!! Great round today!
#FF and the VFBC crew! Very talented, very fun to follow.
At the real estate career fair at Kaplan. Meeting some great new real estate agents!
thank u
“: My love for Greyson Chance is like Josh's love for Oprah.” THIS.
I'm just reporting....i am at a bar with 300 people and they were digging the show.
Are you Seattle sports fan? Trade your same-day ticket stub for a $6 parking rate when arriving no more than three hours before game time.
Sorry for the cryptic tweet & I am ok save road rash. Guy neither looked nor signaled a turn
THURS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL DRAFTS ,1/2 OFF ROYAL FLUSH SHOOTERS FROM 9-11pm! Featured Beer: BLUE POINT! KITCHEN OPEN LATE!
Drove almost 300 miles today. Got to check out most of upstate new york...and it is WHITE!
Love hanging with my cuzo Jakey! Watching this reds game and they're sucking
you think that's mean?! welcome to the real world. cry me a damn river.
Watched the first three episodes last weekend. So good! Trying to pace myself
Watching Troy ! Been watching movies all day :)
Play like a jet
I love the BookThing. It is wonderful to live so close to a few cheap, book places like the BT or Normals.
We had such a great time performing tonight! Thanks to everyone for the support!
Pats pass rush outstanding
< GM Sis...right back atcha! GM ladies :-)
Way to go Jayhawks! Best noncon win in the Big 12(10) thus far.
The Techie Elves are building the new website as we speak... or at least, they'd better be, or no Happy Dancing Time.
you already know !
thanks man
I might bend but I won't break but I might brake and head the other way. Gm everyone.
The real key to health and happiness and success is self knowledge
Boss dont smile alot of shit on my mind
Who wants to be our 900th follower? #wine. If could be you.
Today we are taking parents to tour Hardy Middle School and EL Haynes! On the bus this morning!
is a parody account. Relax. Don't bust an artery.
Good morning(:
I heard I missed you in several spots today. very sneaky sir, very sneaky.
warm the paint up in toaster oven or on a skillet. Sounds stupid but it's safe just be careful when using the oven.
how do i tweet my events to sponty?
I feel fantastic bombastic ecstatically astounded ............
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night." -Edgar Allan Poe
Love engagement strategy. Since I read the emails on a weekly, not daily basis, they switched the frequency for me. Smart.
FREE JPMS AWAPUHI WILD GINGER ESSENTIALS KIT WITH FULL OR PARTIAL HI/LIGHT SERVICE
one of them look familiar then it hit me and it was tyler so I got a picture with him. :D
DC: Green team paying 4 votes. Someone really needs to do something about this. Fenty is doing anything to get elected. Looser!!
Long day...resting now....home tomorrow....what a surgery Hailey Anne had. Thursday seems like such a long time ago.
My month officially got better. Realized less than 30 days until burroughs' new book comes out. Oh happy literary life.
live with it. It's the way of life.
Your dad knows I totes dig the naughty food pics
As always keep ur gut clean that's more than half the reason u get sick. Sh*tting is vital!
#TeamShady we had to kill this Bitch !
the brain the brain the center of the chain!!!
Tomas Barfod – “Broken Glass” » CHARTattack | Indie and Alternative Music
"After all, why scrawl your number on a napkin or tap it into a stranger’s phone when all you have to do is lean in and whisper, 'Scan me.'"
setting up new imac home...which apps am i forgetting?
The video shoot was a success! Thank you to everyone that came out!
#10thingsaboutmyself I Hate When Girls Sag. Believe It Or Not
In appx 2003 we wrote Nenah Cherry () and asked her if she would play ping pong with us. We did not hear back.
Why dont you tell your dreams to me
Terms don't supplant. Lots of people once studied "oriental literature" and "lady novelists" and "futurism"
I went into my room to clean out my closet.... And there were my 13 webkinz.... I havent seen those since i was like 8 or 9. it was depr ...
Yes! Although I'm so cheap that I don't know if I'll be able to find the deal I want.
Yeahbuddy my was singing One Thing :D she's fluckin awesome!!!
The average email user receives 150 emails per day...and deletes half of them. Email desperately needs to evolve
Oh my! That looks like a toy, complete with plastic food. Can't imagine how the eggs actually "toast."
YOU'RE LITERALLY INSANE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
better be cheering for the Saints! Who Dat! Have fun!
love the Coca Cola advert that comes out during Christmas time, it makes winter actually feel like winter :')
Idk! She won't pick up! My dad won't either! :(
The biggest ponzi scheme ever perpetrated on mankind is Social Security.
I hate paypal!!!
and u kept it becuz you know i am <3
It's about that time....say DOLO
The guy who wrote Hungry Eyes in Dirty Dancing is from CLE as well. He is the same one who wrote the IX-Amusement Park song
So charging for parts just gives more chance to overcharge.
tweet me when you get up. need to know if you're still alive but i dropped my phone in the bath:(
thanks, i will correct that.
Time Warner - your throttling is driving me nuts!
There is a special place in hell for the people who enter a 15 items or less lane with 30+ items.
bet ... Can I use it
hahahaha. Can we all start hanging out at Air Devil's Inn? I'm so in for that.
Tonight's MLB secret word is, "Violence".
flipping my lights on and off when listening to skrillex is normal right...
I HATE MOTHS!! I mean it.
lol you have NO idea:p
Thanks for the kind words!
I believe the appropriate response is "WTF."
Work experience: Sales Rep, Contractor, Mid-wife.... Wtf Mid-wife??? Since when?
RT - Chad Ochocinco is on the New England Patriots Now
Got my mom's Mother's Day gift and it revolves around...peonies. They used to grow wild at her grandma's house. Theme gift!
that's great news, congrats!
If you are a fan of independent, short, or documentary films, be sure to check out 'Rural Route Film Fest' starting tonight!
RT Member of public commenting on flood damaged museum: Why don't they just cover up the building so it doesn't look so bad?
The Kennedy School has the Gymnasium available for your event on 12.14.11, for up to 120 of your friends, family & coworkers. 503.288.3286
Now it's time to prep for 17th Annual Southeast Pest Management Conference's "ULTIMATE Pest Fighting" woot!!
Can you contact us at with your code? We'll take a look!
u da ugliest one
fine! last time i try and help you!
Omg I luv PIZZA
I never want to be a bad person, but I just know what I dont need in my life. Shutting you out is one of them.
The movie orphan is creepy.
How about it ? Is it crowded?
I wouldn't be mad if the Suns get Javale McGee if Nash and / or Hill stay. He needs a veteran role model
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time has come.
She allowed herself to get fondled in an auditorium. She deserves it.
Hell yes! We're pretty excited. Hope you'll be here.
I've never been so excited about a Giants punter!!! You're going to do awesome next 5 years with Big Blue!!
spent the morning thinking about Basque culinary innovation & cuisine des mères.
85 in NY and 65 in San Diego. That's just wrong.
can I edit myself into the actual scene from the show ? So it will look like I'm actually talking to Scott ?
Student evaluations, talked about final exams, lectured on United States of Europe(?).
just saw message. I'm going with Magic, Clippers,Pistons, college--minny, miami,and uconn
Sweet! Thank you so much for getting it!
The hardest life to lead is a christians.. Theres a reason y many are called and few r chosen
I got to tell about what happen this morning
totes the best writin' skillz eva! ;-)
:/ a lot of fake people out here too.
IMO the writing for this season of Mad Men is so fun. Much edgier than normal, and I love what they are doing with character dev.
you won't be sorry
Passed 4 accidents this morning. Pay attention people. Good morning.
listening to (500) days of summer soundtrack thanx to and working on a client E-newsletter...
I always get so disappointed in myself when I get angry.
Yes!!! RT : Dear fellow #TeenMom2 addicts
Dem GOTV/canvasser at my door a few minutes ago was my HS geometry teacher! Good guy - and as a teacher he hinted he's no fan of Scooter's
And Lord looketh down and was pleased, and endowed her with all the thyme in the world.
I didn't yet, but I just feel that professors don't and probably won't follow it.
Can this game end on four consecutive hit batters?
I hate watching games when I already know the result, but that doesn't apply to the Clips comeback I just watched after turning if off l ngt
yea and I only get noobs in my games lol
... And two and a half hours late I'm home from work. Hello Netflix. ... And wine.
No longer concerned about running enough while at SXSW. The gazillion miles of walking should be plenty ultra-marathon training.
Revising the "Bill's Waltz" scores for Aarhus, Denmark in March. Wondering who'll fill in for Elvin.
Great weekend so far. gig was awesome. The rest has been very relaxing and productive. Gearing up for an equally great week.
Big thanks to everybody that came out today! Really great to see a bunch of new faces as well as folks from last year!
Hoping for the best...But expecting the worst
Aww thanks chaddy!! I'm glad you are having great weather!! We aren't :( but its ok
does that include your kama sutra poster?
these tweets are hilarious
Loving 's example of data modeling using a Lego Set for Brandenburg Gate model as individual legos AND instructions.
Current Boutique sucks. Why would I pay $58 for a pair of used no name earrings?
Had a really fun agent meeting this afternoon.
"Our America" is basically an account of youth using YPAR. "Zoot Suit" analyzes race and the media. Anything by Junot Diaz.
Well... that's a giveaway, isn't it.
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
my gift list includes a new left knee. the one I have isn't working too well
When you're phone dies while you're on the phone with some <<<
miss you too! I'm free after I get of work around 10. Are you gonna be in town?
oh hey, what's up? let's just have a conversation on the crosswalk!
No Problem. Please RT any of our fitness posts that are helpful for your followers! Any suggestions?
RT Successful leaders have the courage to take action while others hesitate. -John C. Maxwell
WC Handy was such a big sports fan that he named his most famous composition after his favorite hockey team.
loves Olive Oil.
So u call yourself an MC..and u rap about getting wasted?? Stop...Lost interest
Is it just me or is the biebs looking more and more like a woman?
My roommate is making crab cakes for dinner... Def picked the right house to live in!!
Francois Villon~ I know all except myself.
Falling Still is giving away an IPad (OMG!) ... tell your friends to "like" our facebook page or follow us on twitter for a chance to win!!
I dont get why people like to judge alot, i mean u knw fuck it let me be me
lmao. Graduation and football shouldn't even be in the same time frame. Your a man in a women's body. Lol.
you will see me tonight in the finale
I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less.
No way! Your feature will be better. For sure! Plus, Guido will design it. They can't top the dynamic duo of Mendez & Klein. ^jom
go see Jason tonight record his CD you will not be disappointed he's very funny in
A life of intimacy with God is characterized by joy. - Oswald Chambers
trying to keep a stable mind set and not do anything stupid.
Love this! Villain? Or did you sign an NDA in Blood 2 shut your pie hole. Congrats!
Of all the bad beats and close calls this past year, this one feels the worst because its all my fault.
nope, said he didn't see my ave smh
All cumfied out for happy house
go ahead, I was until my dad strongly disagreed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just finished my client's site They r an amazing group of x-NFL players that r helping kids. Pls follow & RT
My Saturdays mornings now start with my kids activities...daughter-track & field, and son-basketball.
0keeey i'll try to sleep again and if i cant i come back on twitter <3
ill owe you a nice dinner or something
We're not in Wedgewood anymore toto!
RT : #peoplechat millennials r us is a co helping bridge the generation gap between #boomers and
"I've got a feeling that tonight is going to be a good good night" Easily my least favorite song when I am partying at night.
Casey, while reading a list of fictional INFP personalities: "ET! ET isn't even a people!"
Hi Matt - thanks for the follow!
hahaha. YES. (...and being so sad when it wasn't)
Thanks for the follow. Go Irish! We just had a Hesburgh lecture in SD on Wed. BTW, I suggest you follow - Independent
thanks for le #FF!
Happy International Women’s Day! After 103 years of recognition, do you think the world is on its way to fully dissolving the gender bias?
yea most people use it as a primary...
Strugglin this morning, This 9 to 5 stuff is for the birds!
HEY CHELSEA! HAVE FUN WITH THE DUDES! TELL THEM I SAY HEY!
Happy Birthday Laura. Have a great day!!!
I studied more than 30 minutes for one test for this class this semester and got my lowest grade. This isn't cumulative so why change now?
Wish I could sleep in but gotta go to school in the am...-___-
Thanks for all the shout outs! We've got a great night planned!
who? me? hahaha :p
got u
awe but at least your grandpa is alive my favorite one died :( the one that's alive is very sick /: but I barely know him
Argh! I hate that what I don't know-&, it turns out, is unknowable-has held up this paper for so long. On to what I do know
why isn't that people are so eager to send a funny youtube video, but hesitant when spreading the word for non-profit organizations?
me too!
Fucking Kobe that mofo is just too nice
Hmm. Ironic. The lotto guy that said he wasn't feeling lucky was right. Created by his decision NOT to invest.
Sounds like an awesome aaron. :)
no students in sproul plaza this morning, just rain and wind
"We need to take ownership of our health like we have our music, our media" - cc
thanks, C! I hate knowing all the fun I will be missing. But we opt for a family vacation this year.
practice practice practice makes perfect
Expression is such a beautiful thing.
mostly crafts in my sons classroom... BUT most parents sent candy with the valentines! When will they ever get it!
Im watching Night Court, mostly cause in high
Not sure; I think around 1am your time? She does a Brits Abroad slot, so a round up of news from LA tonight!
Relax and breathe in; this is nothing personal, and you probably got that ticket for all the right reasons
#20ThingsAboutMe : I prefer to stay home, chill back, smoke nshit .
I'm here trick
Who took advantage of the Cyber Monday deals yesterday? Any spectacular finds??
Am I supposed to know the moon can rise at 8:29pm one night and not until 9:46pm the next night? Is this common knowledge?
Our brains were built to walk 12 miles a day. John Medina
So far spring looks the same as winter
One down, two to go.
America mr
Hey, so do you wear that dress all the time or do you have it in every color
Changed cable service.nobody thought to tell me the change would require a new cable box.No TV till one comes in the mail or I stand in line
Then Aweber will work well for you.
There is still time to donate ur used athletic shoes for our Shoe Drive! Help us reach our goal!
#ImMadAsHellBecause raising taxes only works until we're all out of money. Is raising taxes going to be the liberal solution every time?
-- morning and evening / the dew swells / on the buds #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Well I hope it's cheap and doesn't hurt!
Wish I was in Chi for #lolla!
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." - Harry Truman
Happy Holidays
Awesome! I knew he would. He's done a lot of good work!
Ohh I yet still wish there were short cuts... The short cut up to God...but this is His creation+His rules..
I agree!
#ThatAwkwardMoment at the bowling alley when the girl at the lane next to you asks if it's okay to okay with your balls
Ooh pick me! Pick me!
hannity DOES NOT tell the truth. He is a puppet for Rupert Murdoch and the conservative tea party Fuk anybody down with em
Love her! Love u a bunch too!
Getting the word out about our delivery services using Social Media and Online Marketing.
For me to win my fantasy this week, I'm going to need Forte to get 70 points...
My boo got da whole New Orleans #truntup already! can't wait 2 c him 2night!
i'll take some pics and send them to you.
Dear 2012. More good films like 'The Skin I Live In' and 'The Artist' and less shit (like most everything made in Hollywood). Thank you.
Thanks for this. Got the email, wasn't sure if it was spam, and never made time to investigate.
yes i do!!!! What colors r there
The process of transformation and reclamation begins with introspection and acknowledging the betrayal of our authenticity
thats good... welp , im gettin off u can txt me if u even still have my number
Hey Mary Peters and Ana Maria Varela Bakas, I just finish my workout for today, so leave me alone tonight, ok?:))
Uninstalling Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007....taking over an hour....Why??
Another great day on the road to success, more editing finished tonight, second bookcover image selected and plans coming together.
HE TOLD ME>>> I COULD HAVE WHATEVER I LIKE... YEAH.... LOVE IT...
So...I had a screaming black tranny within 5ft of me pointing a gun last night on my walk to train...
“ YOU don't have to like me for God to LIFT me”
LOL!! Are you wearing sneakers?
steamed with fresh lemon juice. Had to argue with hospital to get lemon last time. Also steamed with sea salt and black pepper
Excited for Giving Back Fund's Sports Philanthropy Summit in Las Vegas at Planet Hollywood starting tonight!!
they may still vote for him. they agree on too many other issues
Woke up with bruises on my legs & arms.. thank you
I'm a bearcat
If NJ goes to the Finals, I just can't wait for the 24/7 Brodeur lovefest, and how he is "passing the torch" to the other goalie. Oh joy!
ugh. I couldn't even look at the pictures.
NADA.... just post some vids on fb or something...
YES PROBABLY
What if things go right??? Are you prepared??
This weather... I'm loving it.
Tonight is our Valentines Day dinner- we have 4 seats left! Tomorrow night let's get our soup on with Chef Randy- bring a friend with you!
I love substitute teachers :D
I'd say 21 is a little generous...
JIT helps at critical #junctures w open hearts to support u during times of achievements happiness loss and pain-We r here to listen to you!
Let's go mountaineers!
tweet early, tweet often
it was a blast Annie...we gotta do more!!!
Maxie's Southern Comfort with the lovely
Lamborghini's making an SUV? Mercy.
if a game doesn't somehow link to your collections it seems less useful
I won't be at #CILDC next week, but if you are you can check out some of my UMUC colleagues giving Cybertours on Wed. & Fri.
Yo everybody do me favor & tell ya mothers I said "Happy Mother's Day & I wish them the best =)
i guess ill be there. What's all going on?
Real Shit. Copping Some Mad Shit At Treasure Coast!!
lol! thats why is going down 4 10weeks & not playing the whole song, video at once! its called "marketing 4 the artist"
#Romney will take credit for anything including the killing of bin Laden. Nothing is too shameful for #Romney to have a spin on
Game time let's go !!!!
just got done playing the bass n pinao n guiter lol
Stiener studios love this place
C-both have #1 defense,but offense is #2!
#4FamousWords, bring your own beer.
To the 50 new Double Helix followers, THANK YOU!! And stay tuned! We'll announce future show dates soon!
and I speaking to WV #Marcellus Task Force today about telling our positive story of #NatGas in
What do you think it means if you get 'poked' on Facebook from an ex you haven't talked to in a while??
Think about how you can use your unique talents to help humanity
Am i the only person who wakes up fresh every morning , without begging for more sleep?
Josh Hamilton is in BeastMODE!!!!
not surprised in the least. Bury your head in the sand and cross your fingers son. The shit will hit the fan soon.
Really digging this "switch account" feature google has implemented. It's making life a little bit easier with Youtube and gmail.
RT : Local and fresh! RT : Get your wheatgrass for only ten dollars a flat! Store is open 1-7!...
"Ice Age" Christmas DVD arrives in newsroom. Says "I call bull. Prehistoric mammals can't celebrate Christmas. They're B.C."
Success is when you get what you want. Happiness is when you want what you get.
exactly. It's embarrassing and unprofessional.
has an avatar of a photograph I took of a slab I own sitting on my coffee table. How odd.
Hopefully ill this written test then ill get my liscense! Hmu with plans later today
breaking ground for the new sfjazz center this friday!!!!
games were getting too long because it took big puma too Lon to get from RF to home dugout
In relationships, its not that the other person changed, they just started to reveal who they always were and you just finally realized it.
gotta ensure quality output! #processcontrol #color #print Only the best for A&G clients.
no thoughts on locations for DH skills for researching and teaching, but would be interested in your finds! what a great idea.
Shambles aka my apartment.
"THINK LIKE A MAN" is in THEATER's!!!! SO FUNNY & WORTHY of Your DOLLARS....Finally!!!! WATCH IT!!!!
I really need you right now. But you are mad at me.
after I finish cooking spaghetti, eat, grocery shop, get gas, then I'll be finishing up the dunk's makeup work
Karl Rove is an idiot. Or the most evil person ever. Or both.
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle;...
Pretty good action so far. Tensions building, I can tell.
Yay! New icon!
Checking out the black comedy God Bless America from Bobcat Goldthwait. I like the premise.
You don't have to worry anymore Whitney.....God's gotcha.......
The store is still open, and the sale will still apply if you come down today.
and marathons. I try to do charity events. I'm happy for you! You were an inspiration while on the show!
thank you :)
I don't even know what that means. No one knows, but it's provocative...
Typing this tweet from my NEW computer....
Apple has finally decided what to do with its $100 billion in cash. It will be issuing a dividend for the first time ever and a buyback
ha ha...why thank you! RT : FACT: 's spice cabinet rocks
nothing wrong with Elle Woods as long as you don't have a little dog in your bag.
I have a feeling that this will be a great game for you. Do what you do!!!'
This game is way too sloppy. They make the Wizards look like a competent offense
Bitches wanna fight over petty shit like gtfo go do something with your life
follow me and ill follow back
Girl in front of me us drawing the S that we all drew in elementary school.
Coupons for 1/2 off candy after Halloween..
Paying the price for eating in bed with ant bites
Haven't decided on one, yet.Enjoying book1 but ready for book2!
"And I can't sail my yacht, he's taken everything I've got. All I got's this sunny afternoon"...
#StaySafe #Tip: Keep money and credit cards safe by using a pouch or money belt worn under your clothing.
(J.D. Hess)A race horse that can run a mile a few seconds faster is worth twice as much. That little extra proves to be the greatest value.
Get out of here kid there's a world of hurt coming down!
have gotten to where during day I only watch this one & not TommOH w/700+ I "follow" & same # follow me. I'm too ADD 4that many :)
Did you know that olive oil can be used as a cleaning agent? Check out the many uses for olive oil and how it can contribute to a...
a shit show that could have been avoided with proper scrutiny of paleo "gurus".
Thanks, Marc! They were a big hit :-) Hope you had a fab Super Bowl Sunday!
here for mothers day??
wow. that's an amazing image.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase." -- Martin Luther King Jr.
I agree!
We all love you too :D lol
what up babe
Im sad cause today i fell and cut my lip and my knee still hurts and i asked my mom if she hed ointment for me to put on and like 1 min. (c)
The 1st time I went to a home bball game, the sound of the guns being shot made me shit my pants...gee I hope no one read that
#teamlakers kb24 back its halftime kobe doin work time
yeah thats HB in RUssian :) i'm falling asleep in this class
TRUE!!! GROUPON ROCKS!!!
Trust is huge factor for success of your startup- trust the folks involved and trust the 'new waves'
Summertime, penthouse at the FourSeasons, #imnotmad got my #starbuckssmile on bitches
My baby has another ear infection :-(
fuck wit me when u touch down
This. RT : I fully expect the entire Omaha roster to be in KC by the end of the season. Not by talent, but by need.
Why is twitter deleting the punctuation from my tweets?
I REALLY REALLY hope austin is still gonna do Ustreams.
lol you just sounded TOO hood w/ that tweet lol
Back & Shoulder, lets get it done. Happy Hump Day!
The Netflix Roku we got was very easy to setup in wireless mode and is working great
I just seen on tv lol
you betcha. i did an espn league a few years ago. usually starts in late summer when EPL season kicks off.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Richmond Plains in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
definitely not. And I have some in common with them... I can feel it.
Whoops. Accidental emoji overload tweet earlier
Nancy P. says: "My 3 year old daughter was there yesterday and I heard she gobbled the food up and it was fabulous :)" Thanks Nancy!
Join us tomorrow from 3-7 at the Alderwood Mall! Enjoy giveaways, sample heart healthy recipes & enter for a chance to win a $500 Gift Card!
Have a glorious weekend!
Last night in florida. Sippin bloody marys
“: My Player mode »”
Considering my name is Robin... It's okay to admit I am more of an early bird than a night owl.
the moment when your doing ur thing but you know you might get caught!!
How should I kill 2 more hours till the real hockey game starts?
“: Great night to be a progressive in Dane County. Incredible results and what looks to be a super majority on the County Board.”
that was good! i would comment on the video itself but i dont have a youtube acount :(
showed up! I will vouch.
Waiting on thus slow ass ride. #Taking there sweet time.
Tea Baggers against: Education, Healthcare, Medicare/Medicaid, Civil & Voting Rights! They benefit more from Gov than anyone else in USA!
Back in A2. Six hours late. Tired. Good night.
Thanks, Frances. It was a thought-provoking venture! Glad you enjoyed it.
Justin Beiber and 50 Cent are carrying Mayweather's belts.
“You never know when the devil might come calling.” Farley Mowat, born on this day in 1921, eh?
Stop on in for happy hour and catch the big game!
welcome to the hood! (mama kim informed me of your whereabouts) what concerts are next?
What' happening
i love listening to music with my ray friends in fifth hour and then when we dance (: i love my friends. now time to write my essay..</3
Bonus! Black Mambas are playing in the other room at Lynette Skynyrd show!! Hells yeah! Lots of rad Betty's here tonight too. Andale!
someones a little pissed off tweeter
Welcome Carson and Cheyenne Medders to the Non-Coms lineup; playing their first show in Chattanooga this weekend (5/21) at JJs Bohemia.
Thx for the follow :)
I need more followers on twitter, because I have a lot of followers in real life!
I'm going to Serbia and Montenegro this summer. Your tax dollars at work!
file systems don't help with productivity. It's time to rewrite them.
:/ I'm so nervous
So tell me, how did we get here?
": WARNING: Last chance to win a 3 + MLBTV subscription. #OpeningNight, or ? #MLBTVme ...
Press Releases are written so the client thinks you are doing work.
Did you know that Ralph Bunche was the first African-American to win a Nobel Peace Prize in 1950? Let us know other facts by mentioning us!
you are absolutely amazing out on stage right now. Stop being so perfect
i don't have plans yet but if i can save some money...july or august for sure.
This boy is a mesd
Add 7. Matt Vensel is from PA and a Biased Steeler Fan.
Your being pretty dang COMMANDING!
Lots of boos for Nate. You bet I was involved
Barnes - start conservatively with the #pdaebook profile and open it up from there.
Never doubt the great #Mo!
lol. I'm hurrying!(: I'm bringing my best friends. Ben and Jerry(; hahha #BestFriend <3
Recommends "Borrachera" by Little Joe on Pandora
Good idea!
Hm... I'm going to miss in history wahhhhhhh!
dont correct people's grammar if you dont even know past tense and present tense -_-
If you feel alone, you're not. Talk to a friend. Or talk to CAPS. Just talk to someone. Please.
Totally into "Sherlock" now.
Follow for a solo shout out RT if you did
My pleasure! Can't wait to come back and try more - they're so delicious! :) Keep up the great work!
2 Damn Cheeky on FriskyRadio - Tues, Feb 1st,12pm EST, 5pm GMT, 9am GMT,classic replay of 2DC's Artist of Week set by Rich Foster...Boom !!!
Dylan's candy bar in NYC
Matt says: "$1k, well spent." Dude, thx for coming out!
I don't have a car :(
I do! Maybe I should go next door and ask to borrow their phone. :)
your new profile looks nice I really like your review of "The Source" on Amazon, thanks for being such an awesome force!
Watch me go over my tweet limit again xD
Mike Nicastro has been there too, and almost done that.
Dang first cutler now forte. Bye bears season
how ppl gonna say im always on twitter .. B!tch how wud u know that if ur not on! hm? yea OK.
how on EARTH does that happen?!
: Awesome! Cant wait to see you! Absolutely not! As long as u say hi to us when ur there! ;)
Ok ... Shit we need to Chopp it up then... What u gettin into later, lets meet up for a drink.
Damn a billion? I could get behind that. Fif bout to make a lotta other stars look bad. #SK for real.
just do it!
5yr old & I at Target. She asks whose pic is on CD (it was Nicki Minaj). Her: "Oh, I thought it was Pink." I was equally proud & mortified.
#iPhone users: what are you looking for in a case? I'm creating a product for a design class; all input is welcome & much appreciated!
"Money Ball" & "War Horse" most nominations without a win 0 for 6.
When your body is ready to sleep, but your mind isn't <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> <
Friday...yay. Living the crazy life via the cubicle.
The worst I hate it ": Not a big fan of it being pitch black out at 630pm. It feels like my bedtime"
Well, my life has changed dramatically. Brought my parents to Milwaukee to live with us today. The circle of life.
"What a waste of buying a murder house"- my media law teacher! It may have taken all semester, but I finally enjoy that class.
Excellent choice of days for an al fresco lunch. :)
now where did you hear Rolling...Rolling...Rolling at?
Waiting 30 mins for a bus sucks!
Change is not difficult. It is the resistance to change that is difficult or painful
Everyone get excited, we're releasing a new issue this week! And it'll be your most useful one yet: Best of Milwaukee Bars
haha I feel you
Help us help the ! This month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds benefit the organization!
Cant sleep, when will this end ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
the last place you wanna go when your super dupper tired is church -_-
man idk... I guess i can shoot for thanksgiving time or christmas maybe
the buzz in Scottsdale look it up
is that like bromance for bands?
You can't stop pushing toward the mark even if once you get there the door "looks" like it's closed.
If you focus on your goal, you will NOT fail to complete it...no matter what adversity assails you along the way.
Report: Vehicle sales robust - St. Cloud Times
Fresh Fire is hosting, "Fresh Fire Field Day" for foster children in the Charlotte area on Nov. 12th 10am-3pm in the Brayboy Gymnasium!!!!!
It's already too hot outside.
I love it!
My hearts a stereo!!!<3
Hanging out with at the middle school game (:
Hard fought win over exceptionally well coached and # 26 Oklahoma Christian at the Ram Dome tonight. Rams prevail 78-74
Heck the the F-ing yes. ": You can't do anything these days without people finding it necessary to talk about. #annoying"
cool that you made #infocamp this year. Wish I could have done the same.
sixers just gotta play smart,intensed D and smart shots no stupid 3's
I guess that's what I was trying to say... non-conformists who roll up their sleeves, rebels who execute, etc.
Ya that might be the worst call of all time! 2 feet off 1b???? LMAO
Awww... Thanks Trav G That Was Sweet :)
I'll never forget Angel ):
have you tasted it?
Also, attend!! April 19, 6pm, Middle Plaza Rm, SC - Emma Anderson of U of Ottowa speaking on so-called North American martyrs, Jesuits ...
Twilight isn't fucking real. Idiots.
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God<U+0092>s wrath remains on them. John 3:36
I love how smart are president of The United States is. He speak so clear and so professional
his latest bloggity in which he claims she was at DC bloggers mtg with Romney
Heat is good!
We regard gratitude in our fellow-beings ... as a cardinal virtue; and the contrary as almost enough to render him despicable (1855)
Left is Right | The Wrong Side of History - Huffington Post
the brunette pic!
Thank you to all the new followers! We're still getting this thing up and running. Any help spreading the word is appreciated. <3
And #betascape free student tickets just went on sale, get them while there are still a few available!
That's horrible for D. Rose.
They kissed! #DWTS who couldn't see that very real kiss
Comment on boyfriend video: "I'll be a fan when he does a song not about girls." DOWN 2 EARTH? NEVER SAY NEVER? BORN 2 BE? BIGGER?! Bye.
FML. DROPED MY PHONE IN THE TOILET :( I HAD EVERYTHING THAT MEANS SOMETHING TO ME ON THERE )':
Stand by... 10 day forecasts will be 'officially' live in a couple days (but you get the benefit outside of the USA already)
incredible! Bon Jovi is bad ass, just saying.
Many thanks to for tweeting #aaasci - sounds like it was frustrating but still glad it happened. I hope we all keep talking
West grosses me out. He is the biggest egotistical douchebag ever.
Please share your most embarrassing childhood nickname.
Certainly a perfect day for it!RT : Shrimp & grits made this gray day 100% better. It's been too long!
Good question! We only made 6 for the team - are you in NYC or Berlin where we can stamp you?
Love it! RT A man in the house is worth two in the street. -Mae West
What happened to Lark Voorhies??oh my lol
American Red Cross Babysitter&#39;s Training at Orono High School ...
I am a Small Business Owner who lost an employee because his partner was uninsurable with a preexisting condition
Where are you moving?
I wish i never lost you. What id give to be yours again.
Thanks for the heads up, just downloaded. Def notice improvements and better speed/performance! Great work!
I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while
Lakers getting absolutely nothing from anyone aside from Kobe tonight...
Topic clusters of words that also rise and fall together over time indicate "periodizable historical discourse"
Another great day! Back to the grind tomorrow. We will hopefully have something playable for you guys on the website soon!! have a great
forgot to tel u dat the other 2 i needed are Strawberry-shortcake(the carton) & Dora.i need it by Mon. :p lol last 2 i swear
hehe, I'll shut up now :)
your performance literally made me cry because "let it be" is my favorite song EVER! all i can say is #thankyou <3 AMAZING!!!!
Thanks for following me back. I just love your music and everything. <3<3<3<3
I can moonwalk.... In my socks.... On the hardwood floor..... d;
are you think playoff run now
Just gotta say, not everything!! LOL!! Should I start the list?
not convinced the expos wouldn't win that matchup...
I <3 psychological thrillers & would like to act in one of your productions. Btw, CL shoes are uncomfortable & shoe-icide !
Defense wants info about FBI agent called "Bill Smith" that had contact with alleged Christmas Tree bomber. Traded 44 emails with Mohamud
Great game coach. RIP
Fuck I'm losing at beer bong
I wish I could give you some of my songs now but I can't.Keep checking my feed for updates. My single will be out this month :)
SELF CARE: How are you pampering yourself, giving back to yourself this weekend?
Two words people need to stop using in conjunction with tech tools and services: "passion" and "love."
I Love You!
My pleasure! Great stuff : - ) RT thanks for the RT! I'm glad people are so happy to share all the stories
and Peeta brought their A game just now, that's what's up
norbit v precious? epic battle
who doesn't love a lil dry hump?
life is what a individual make of it!!!~
i will gladly
For as long as I can remember, I've watched every week. Heaven forbid I miss the sound of those trumpets
Oh I just love my #mom so much! She makes me feel better about any situation im in!<3
Welp Im Off To Bed ! See ya .
Severe Thunderstorm Warning [hail: 1.00 IN] for Dakota, Washington and Pierce, St. Croix till 11:30 AM
Nice seeing you here!
Lol you fuckin moron, it was #SARCASM you fucking Twit.. YOU should just get off twitter before you hurt yourself.
just watching wrestling
Just took some pics about to upload them. - Zaona
I almost responded w/ I eat nothing but ...., that sounds really bad! Ha chx & turkey in the fridge!
me too! You're so much fun!
he does thoo..
what's good my road trip buddy lol
The court does not recognize this defense!
see previous tweet/recent instagram photo. I'm obsessed.
I'm a Belieber. So if you're trying to talk to me about something not about Justin, you can leave.
20 more mins then ill be out the door...with no car ha
I'm not on my computer right now. But, if anything I'll post it tomorrow. I have to get the video from Conner.
I had no idea that ABDC was still on television.
/: well this sucks
thanks .. We have a women's line as well
To say Marcelo has made an impact on this game is a major understatement... Wow.
Thank you everyone that was there tonight and thank you so much for showing us what it means to be a band. We love you.
So bout to celebrate little baby girl singing one of Adele's songs. But can the toddler sing her ABC's & 1,2,3s?
You and me both! Except I was dumb enough to have a creative writing major...
thnx 4 pronouncing Louisville correctly U said louavull, it's not Louie ville, Very few get it correct & U you nailed it
Woo just said "We could stab him, then pull off his arms."
when you see Foo Fighters, are you gonna be that fan that screams "I LOVE YOU" at the top of your lungs?
Your food porn is killing me...and Inn n Out is so close....we can't have a fat HP!
I love how in my Consumer Behavior class, we're always using food as examples
say 11:30ish outside library? there's $8 on the card, but no need to buy the whole thing unless u have a ton of wash...
In Prospect Park, she bikes on the drive, plays Frisbee on the meadow and, now, pushes a stroller through the forest
That Will Hopefully Never happen lol I Beat Blackops two days before you told me not to play it anymore lol .
I wonder how many times a pizza delivery for I.C. Weiner is mentioned in the entire series of Futurama
al i need is mary mary mary .. i aint fckin w. no other drugs
Snuggies would be more attractive if the commercials weren't so corny<U+2755>
Today I identified one of the gaping holes in my empty existence: I really miss the casual subversion of not rewinding.
Roll call: How many sisters were inducted from (1969-2012) to our beloved organization on this day? Say OLA!
How about 2
Aaawwee yu should deff come!! LMAO IMAGINE IF I TRIPPED WHILE WALKINH ACROSS THE STAGE
Thank you to Barbara Agbemafle for booking your July 21st wedding with us today....can't wait to make your special day a memorable one!
My boss thinks that because the router makes the internet wireless, that the router should not have any wires.
Yes indeed! RT Great gig! Fastcase is looking for a new reference and training attorney for our Washington, DC office.
you couldn't pay me enough to work that coochie , girl boom lol
SO EXCITED FOR SCHOOL AND MY BIRTHDAY TOMARROW!!!!!!! <3
RT : Were excited for our meeting with in an hour. Need my afternoon coffee from to wake me up!
Can Wait to make yall Our Friends ( F A N S ] we gone love yall to death we already do
#seriously these are some of the dumbest assignments, in the world.
Screenflow for mac? Camtasia for Windows?
Gosh, why so many airports? Was it super cheap that way?
I'm moving back to florida, and ha I'm a sophomore next year
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give
As I'm looking to the sky to count the stars ... I wonder if you see them where you are
Sometimes I wish I were more upfront with a guy when I like him. Guess it's not really a bad thing to wait for him to make the first move.
Lol.. out on the golf course.
Headed to #thebestexoticmarigoldhotel early matinee vet excited!
wanted to make your stay better with a cool mobile app for LV,
Today I had fun with Gwen at the Worksource. We shared information and are on our way to success. Cynthia Harris
Pretty funny Hasner Internet ad came up on my computer: "Lemieux: It's French for Crist. Don't elect another Charlie Crist.". Nice.
Also LOVED the octopus & the Baladin Nora at
I hope you can pass that feeling on to kids now and in the future. If it meant a lot to you, it will to them as well
How many more changes does Facebook have to make before they completely alienate everyone and become MySpace?
:) Let HR know we'd love to come back and feed the gang anytime!
its 17 degrees here. Wish i had Jim Beam
I wanna persue a career in acting, I plan 2be a professional actress.
remember Sega's #hologram video game Time Traveler?
The enthusiasm of a woman's love is even beyond the biographer's.
“: Happy bday jonjon ! It was fun celebrating with u! n Gavin (Quagmire) !!” omg. Happy bday !
No such luck. Was there for WebWise :) They are the inventors of the snap buttons & even have a "museum" in store :)
that topic should trend
#uwannaimpressme pull out a rubber full of u know wat I mean "Big Faces"
Great seeing you this morning!
Why do I hang around in this church pew or bar stool kinda town
yeah call me #8675309 :D
It seems like you already have the right mindset. The book will help give you a concrete strategy for that type of mindset.
The boys of are here, can't wait to hear their q&a after the movie. Always nice to see Peter, Dennis, and Sam.
RT : Autocorrect should include the sound of a ruler smartly spanking your knuckles until you get it right.
: this is one of the reasons you are a better person than I am.
question, are you guys going to be posting the pods from the Jay & Silent Bob shows in Australia this week?
Painting Tops Spring Home Improvement Wish Lists
If there was a like button on Twitter, this would be the moment I use it :) Always leave the ones that hold you back!
Fuck these bitches..
I Love Twitter !
definitely the 5 boxes of absolute 2011 was crazy!
I want to know who WaPo is calling for these polls? Are they calling predominantly leaning repubs?
Rip Hamilton sucks fukin scrub
probably a good idea. I just need to get this out of my system. It's been bubbling up inside of me for a while.
After three months of working for I'm proud to say I helped accomplish our goal: defend the Wisconsin State Senate.
it's been good! :D what'cha doing?
in the script. As long as the emotions are honest, you'll move the audience and do the script justice. I hope that helps <3
you are a tweeting fool today. what's up?
That was one hell of a third act. I heard Dwyer off himself live on the radio. Santorum lacks the wit for that.
** PMBLeague Injurt News ** #CrownRoyals starting PG and all around good man Chris Munley suffered a potentially season ending injury
Thanks for the add!
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Can’t Wait for “Miller Time” in 2012
Thank you :)
- It's been a great episode so far!
Holy Mocha Lattes batman! They are selling like hotcakes this morning.
So glad I got to see tonight. Such a great show!
..So feeling the looks..
Just finished writing our 2nd feature film which we will be shooting in October:)!
richpublican Irrational idea; system runs on less public services. Solution: Tax the rich!
[Campus Bulletin] Today is Campus Safety Day! So... I don't know, wear a helmet or something.
the section of Dateline with the amputee veteran on Battleship >
Sweet freedom! Le sigh. *heads home to edit*
thank you for the #ff mention.
Look out for a video blog sometime next week. Maybe even this weekend! -Jake
I did somthing I shouldn't have!!!!! & now I'm feeling sum type of way!!!
Thanks all is good. Looking forward to being home after so many years :-) !!!!!
Dinner rolling through Iowa with a New York historian and two South Africans...an interesting convo, let's just say. Safest sticking to ...
Recovered, 95%, from weeklong cold. Nice but had to miss #nodePDX this weekend.
I can't wait to see The Smurfs!
ikr im crazy to
walking taco?!?! what is this you speak of?! what makes it different from a reg. old taco? lol
How is the new place? It sounds like you're learning quite a bit at work...
as a librarian, I think you should be more supportive of the Pose...
That does not sound like a good idea.
I'm going to be singing Alaaaaniiis Moooriseeette in my head for the rest of the day (at least)
That awkward moment when you see someone who looks exactly like so you yell and its not him...
SCHOOL TOMORROW
Anthony Bourdain is a world class #asshole. This is no surprise.
Yes, the position is in our main office at 726 Broadway.
Do we really need bad moments in order to appreciate the good ones?
Michael Steinberg of Sullivan & Cromwell: "nothing more absurd than forcing a man with to delusions to represent himself in court"
Hello World!
we saw a local burlesque twist on nutcracker this weekend called slutcracker.
Thx for the follow. I follow back.
im just annoyed lol but thanks!
Haven't seen the sun in three days... Not good
ugh some people are just really bad texters and i don't have the balls to tell them...it makes for a painful conversation
They sure don't make Jews like Jesus anymore :-/
New youtube show (My Life) commin soon...STAY TUNED !
One guy. Not two. Not three. ONE.
oh damn ..
Yup.....I am RT thanks bruh bruh. You still in the bay?
It's cool. Just avoid responding to me when I need legitimate answers.
Gootiethon April 2012 weekend has begun.
Yoga tonight!
So. Little. Time. Badabing. RT : So. Many. Sluts.
RT : Scott on drug testing welfare recipients. "It's interesting. The public completely gets it." the public - No We DON"T!
She is such a B!! I don't get to watch for 2 hrs RT Wtf is wrong with Christina? Why is she always hating on Tony?
Unusually hyper
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Starts Tomorrow 7 & 7:30PM! The New iPad, a Macbook Air, an iPod Touch = which one's first? Don't Miss It!
#RememberRapWhen people use to rap about Maximas and crews was rolling in them MPVs aka Minivans
how do u expect me to write a FIFTEEN PAGE REPORT. gtfo
Those nights where you have second thoughts about everything and nothing feels right anymore.
i bet Angel is running up to Austins dad in heaven. and are both looking down on how far he is going<3
The Time Traveler's Wife
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>Amen“: There's no need to rush. What's meant for you always arrives right on time.”
So far I'm up 112% this week.
I think I need some too. Maybe some melotin so I have a shot at sleeping tonight.
So accurate!
Lost my earring; GOD DAMN
You give me butterflies
right now or for my bday sista?
sounds amazing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Just another divide that programmers need to learn to cross.
thanks for the follow my friend!!!
“: Off them candy & cough drops lmao” < ha
Boom goes the dynamite. Thank you Jason!
Off to a rehearsal for a recording session with Kristine Key and Jon Ozment
Nope still not really what I was talking about.
lol I don't even remember. Oh gosh, Now that's bad. I wish they hase a 250 anytime minutes package lol def wouldn't go over
what did you get for mother's day?(:
I didn't even hit the Fest, was posted up at Mother's and watched #GameOne of both Flyers-Devils and the Lakeshow. We'll chill soon
Everclear's new single is so good it that anyone familiar with the last record will be able to forgive them & return to being fanatics
Does anyone remember that scene with Naomi Watts in 21 Grams with the amazing tango background music? So sad, so powerful.
thanks for the RT. What did you think of the blog post?
what an asshole thing to do. Thanks!
go figure...
Just watched last night's live 30 Rock. once again proving he's the new Carson.
Unless they have a bigger car! ;)
Hey Brett! Interested in submitting footage, but much of it already contains music-- do i need footage w/o music?
We are in a mirage economy.
SCOTUS arguments today provide hope that Obamacare will end up on the trash-heap where it belongs... Should be an interesting summer...
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Brand New Kindle and PSP 3000 up for grabs tonight! Don't miss it!
This night is young!
Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenarios in life?
I just finished a 3.06 mi run with a time of 35:06 with Nike+ GPS.
Try our Bahama Mama. It's the real deal, just like the original! Add some German Potato Salad and Creamy Cole Slaw!
Sweet Caroline..........the only good thing going at fenway for Saux fans.........
Thanks for following.
im hon gree
Love thAt Floridas student section has a fathead of - they'll soon learn that brow has super powers
I think ur account is suspended
after registering for my last semester of undergrad, it has become apparent that I may be graduating in the near future…hmm
This is the day which the Lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad in therein.
Hello y'all
I jus wish bron was more smooth that's all
I need professional headshots...for free(ish). Any #SF photographers looking to build their portfolios??
Stewie is gay wat kinda show is family guy SMFH
Looks like Beijing Zhongxin universe Network Technology Co., Ltd. is in the pfishing business. CIA has been notified.
i think it's more abt said 33-year-old's ability to work FT on intern's income. but if that's not a concern, by all means :-)
is amazing!
Thanks for successfully making my day and embarrassing me at the same time :) Love the birthday flowers!
Long distance relationships can be difficult.
Very nice thank you. Plenty to do, and yours?
Of course CW comes in to film a commercial the same day I wear my ninja turtles t shirt... Lol smh
Dean W. was closest..but still way off! Dean Wins 2-free bfasts! 12million eggs each year. Our chickens also still luv Butler Basketball!
Yes!!! #Lynette & #Tom back 2gether, #desperatehousewives - so happy:)
The defense is great, can't ask for any more at this time, but damn the offense is horrible week in and week out
Things better go smooth
End your Monday on our Patio
Fake ass bitches <<<
Don't despair people, Santorum will still be on the tips of our tongues for years to come. Well, not mine- i raw-dog that shit.
Great advice coming out of the career in sports panel going on right NOW!
thanks for the great shout-out! and hope to see you in our Funky Flow Yoga class soon :)
ah. Still learning the language of Twitter.
Ewing was voted as the 16th greatest college player of all time by ESPN.
I been ducked off for a lil min boys ain't seen me but its still love s/o to my promo ppl
CAMS almost ready to breakout... Just a few more ask slaps!!!
Thank you so, so much, Grace! Totally made my afternoon :)
Indian food for lunch is going to spell trouble for the rest of the day. I should apologize to my wife in advance...
I wish my roomie and her friends would shut up so I can sleep
OK, there's no way I cloud get back to my session after a marriage proposal. Props to !
Creativity not about efficiency but serendipity
Putter's (:
Its so awkward when someone tweets right beside you.
is probably the coolest person in the world!!
And also a thank you to security team: our ever-present weekend warrior Angela, Ali, and the Sups. We ::heart:: you.
Last day of class tomorrow. End of summer looms, Fall, the best season of all, is around the corner.
You know that awkward moment when your dad tags hillary duff in your photo because he doesn't know English or get Facebook
One more class for the day...
that's not the only thing you can place on me
I love you guys' cone-ing videos! You guys are hilarious and I hope to meet you again(:
OK, is this reason enough to visit Philly?
truly racist.
Dec. 8th invades among other hot models!! || www . itstopnotch . com for more info!! ||
after seven is probably best and I am not sure where.
it does feel weird not being at the renaissance with
I was hoping for a nice spring day today but instead the same old gloom. I hate that groundhog. #liesfromagroundhog #didntyougetthememo?
you will love the music video im making
Rationalization (rational lies) --Steven Covey
Thank you. Whats ur thoughts n feelings of how J Crawford would fit here
If she's responsible for your smile, be responsible with her heart.
Richard Elliot- Mystique
That's sad. The short version of the Kia Superbowl ad cuts out the wife entirely.
Yo im Looking for a connect to do a video this summer lets talk money holla atya boy
That's that ishh that drives me crazy
To mean for no reason.
Eating Barbecue, can't wait to go watch the fireworks(:
Need to make a trip to #Houston soon
Gonna get some pass da line tickets for
Aw group hug ??? Amy lubs yall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT : Yep RT : Being a single parent is so hard
So tired ad its only wednesday So much to do and not enough time
top 20% in the country!!
The universe has been constantly making my way home more difficult. It's being a jerk at this point, I get it.
Our next show is on Monday at jammin java in Vienna, VA! Who needs tickets?!
Enjoy the sun and stars, Fellow Tweeters! Peace out.
Back from #roadtrip and now straight into a week of presentations. tomorrow, then three days at AAM.
Like the Red Sox Alley Page on Facebook #redsox and follow
After midnite at the Budget Hearing - nearly 50 speakers supporting the Arts tonight!
That's what they thought, too - so glad it's gotten positive reviews!
There is no way to describe the feeling I get when your own child tells you they love you...
I'm in Baltimore. Interesting way to get to ABQ, but here I am. You still at BSBO?
Starting not to give a fuck
I want my hair to grow!
lack of demand. Lead is cheap, readily available & sold widely. Other metals are expensive & poor sellers.
Hey Ryan, I have an extra comp tic for opening night of my show and I thought of you. It's Friday May 25th 8pm. You around?
Steve and I need to get you some Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard samples down there...DM us your address and we'll shoot you some!
Lemme find out someone had a crush on me this WHOLE year at this rachet school and did not tell me til just now aw this is depressing...
What can be seen is physical, but the reward will always remain spiritual.
Just witnessed the Grand Canyon..
Some time..;)
Dominion is really a game changer.
you're right, I think lebron took care of that job all by himself
I'm hiring again! Looking for someone experienced in customer service and social media. DM me for details.
My mom, who thinks I'm too focused on blog/career, just sent me a link to a matchmaking site. Oye.
I am following fm IN. Didn't have to get out in cold!
Wtf kind of movie is this?!
I hope we get out early...
- hey!! Any thoughts on NYE??
Yesterday at the Navy pier i saw and freaked out, i waved and was screaming hello it was awesome, he is the first celeb i saw
Fun fact: our new album was recorded at Third Eye Blind's personal recording studio. Which obviously means it's BRILLIANT.
"Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot right? But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes! They ain't about that life"
both dresses are going back
Yo , how bout them Raiders? Lmao
hey guess what the nice doctors in white coats are taking me to the soft padded room and even gave me a hug my self jacket!!
He'll get a raise or some free golden toasters and a parachute. Or SEC job? Fed Governor? Fox News Analyst?
The biggest obstacle to launching a mobile campaign is not cost, it's making a committment to be relevant to your customers or clients.
haha really?! I can picture that!
What's your #modovation ?
Help us get to 200 followers! Tell your friends to follow us! and go "LIKE" our facebook page!!! facebook.com/missinginalaska
I'll be there.
Miserable. wearing a long sleeve uniform in a building with no air conditioning : ( ice cream time? i think so
That's the stuff, Irish! 74 to 67 OT.
This dudes nuts.
The Heat are slippin' right now
Dry Creek, (the best VBs in town), Rudz, and Beck's Prime!
My social life is hanging by a thin thread.....
hopefully more will come your way :) ..very cool stuff
Strange def of Social Reference.I would think of it as avoiding the "come to library w/ your ?"& instead engaging ppl n conversation.
Need a better way to manage distribution of clinical materials? We streamline the inventory, kitting and delivery of all clinical documents.
I wish nusrat fateh ali khan was still alive.
A girl either farted real loud or i don't know what that sound was. That's embarrassing.
bout to hit da tattoo trap soon
when is it?!
Wow.. That's hard. If he picked Selena I would literally hate him.. Smh
Back at the beach
Just bought the Mini Ab Circle Pro tonight on HSN. Thanks for being such an inspiration Jennifer! XOXO
thanks for the RT! :)
o okay
Hm, maybe he is coming around.
Finishing touches on the practice space at 216am
My fingers they itchin they itchin for the paper- future
Must be volleyball Thursday...scattered storms this afternoon with a wind advisory going into tomorrow!
Whew! Thanks! Nice play by Arias at the end.
welcome to the fold brother !! Ask Peyton Manning we support our players 150%
Somebody Text Mee . . . !
I love my team, man I'd die for them niggas
Can anyone recommend an Austin company that specializes in building NOC furniture?
Hahaha it's ok. His thousands of other family members drive the other cabs.
Definitely true. Albert has played well against some of the best in the game including Jared Allen & Dwight Freeney
Is watching "I Love You, Beth Cooper"
i've been riding back and forth visiting family im going back home now. i'm gonna be riding for 4 hours.
Yankees payroll is 197mil, not even close
Agreed! RT like Maine's notion that 1:1 & OER go hand in hand: spend $ on 1:1; use less $ 4 content (OER instead)
omg. Where r u??! Are you okay?!
Sounds fun! San Fran is awesome!
New Happy Hour at Mike Shannon's M-F, 4-7, 1/2 price premium wells, beer, wine and appetizers!! come in and check it out!
need to catch up with you asap about event invites!
RT : Milwaukee VA Hospital Gains New Spinal Cord Treatment Center: The Department of Veterans Affairs has awarded a $.. http ...
#Pens need to wake up and start getting to Bryz
No More End-Of-Grade Tests !!!!!!!! All Dontt......Now Whee Just Have Sumatives :(
no problem(; like seriously why aren't you famous?!(;
It's almost time for #CMLbookchat. Let's give thanks for books, reading and libraries.
Amazing! RT Midnight In Paris sound track #1 on Amazon jazz album charts!
“: Going to see my pictures and video tomorrow #SOEXCITED”... Can't wait to show you !!!
lol! I don't mind watching th vid!! Wanna see what I missed anyways!!
At #Oblio's with Aaron Nett and
Walmart Price Rollback on Bikes for the Whole Family - kids bikes at walmart
Hey there !!
I follow u back ^^
Thanks for the RTs and the "Woo hoo"! That's how we always feel too.
Shut up jay.
My daughter Tiffany and I...when I still had hair....ouch!
The #Pens have got to quit these cute little behind the back passes. They are not ending up on the right teams' stick.
so am I. Its kinda like instagram
Just got word dat DaJuan Blair & Stephen Jackson frm da San Antonio Spurs will be in the buildin tonight CLUB KLUSOZ ITS GO BE LIVE AND ...
follow Me Back !!!!!
he followed me a couple of days ago and i hope you could follow me too please!
At lunch! Did ya'll know that half a cup of grapes only has 31 calories?! OMG I LOVE GRAPES!! :D
oh... well then.. haha idk how to do it! It seems complicated! I'm just going to continue reading a fanfic haha
Thank you for tonight :-)
. is showing hex editor screenshots of Jonathan Larson's files--- "antiquarian technology" that began c. 1978.
Excited to head to the #frenchbroadriverfestival and meet some new friends!
Long day...time for bed.
Thanks for the shout out!
Everytime ...RT : Ever rub a girl leg upwards and feel like u coressing cactus
Time for some game of thrones!!!
Fine it got eaten by sharks ^.^ End of story ima do a book on how you fell in the ocean
Everyone Says I'm Evil ... *Evil Laugh* I'm Not Though.
Why is every1 rushing to comment on story? It's on MULTIPLE sites, just go read it there
Aye you're the sweetest! Xoxoxoxo :]
Back on my Shit... feeling Myself ...no X's ...just $'S..#Mr.MoneyMaker..it's almost 8:00 studio Time! !!
Thank you. And thank you for following.
Also, Davis rode my fantasy bench last four weeks and then explodes!
"No person was ever wise by chance." - Seneca
Thanks for the opportunity to present to the Amplify team yesterday. Good discussion/debate, and great feedback from your team.
omg I've totally done that before, ahahaa!!
I've been there before, but I guess I've never gotten the right thing. Man, hash browns with red Chile...<drool>
Great meeting you at the After-Party at THEA, what a great night to enjoy short films and meet you!
you in my 'who to follow < i'd rather not look at your face
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER!
did you know?????/ In China, cooking is an art.
Derek Rose
great!! Happy it's the weekend. How about y'all?
He's the real deal! Like a musical troubadour and Guy Fierri all in one! Oh wait...
On my way to the SSIHM archives in Immaculata, PA and running late. Let's hope they are more forgiving than they were in high school.
agreed! I thought it was fantastic!
Been up, listening to NOTHING but R&B Cuts all night, Quoting em on fb.
Lots of talk about a pending Pacers/Heat series. Seems premature. Still have to close out this series. Do it tonite and let the talk fly.
can email you the lyrics for EP and more in depth details if you want to DM us your contact info. Or ours
Thanksf Art. That's great to know!
Can't wait to see the video Mc been working on all day.
dropped a class to focus on #jstechhelp. i'd rather learn digital marketing by DOING, rather than sitting in a classroom...
Premiere of "VIP" By produced by , Directed by , at midnight.
shake it up is the best show I ever watched lol u and Bella r the best u rock XD
taking small, divine #action steps to move my vision forward today.
Oh yeah
ABQ is a wasteland of the brainwashed. I don't hope you all die. I know you will all die. Fuck you all.
Good day to all!!!
Thanks! It's great to see the number going up! So far so good. :)
*sigh of envy* Closest thing we have is Woodhenge @ Cahokia Mounds across the river.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe they're is always gonna be some bitch trynna be better than you.
haha my dad knows the guy that's fixing it up
We miss u....u need to get on!!
Thankful for the supporters. Henry Stone Frank Raines,Dave Griffiths & Kenny Dope along with Sharon Jones & The Dapkings & Will Sessions,
Y Ministry and I are Broke..gave it 7 long years...Going to stop the web sight and My Ministry...Can't pay the bills on Hope and Visions
MY LLAMA WAS COMMITTED TO AN INSANE ASYLUM FOR PRETENDING JUSTIN BIEBER CRASHED HER WEDDING. BIEBER, BAD LLAMA
I don't care stop sendingg this shit
Every time one of my terribly behaved cats takes a distant shit in a sandbox I feel as though it lands directly in my nose.
Not sure, but I'm fairly certain it's season 5, right before R&E's vows are renewed.
Loving the sun!
Any #NCAA restrictions on running a summer college volleyball pick-up league? Can't find any info on your website...
Looking for gas pressure washers? Check this Camspray 3000HM
appear uncertain as to their political role in effecting change, whether they merely provide a space in which one can feel free
Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence
Maybe for later is a result that shows "users that have added [video] interests"? For now, you can click the Interest that shows
Actions > words
your plans to adopt a kid have been LEAKED !! ha ha !!!!
Warren Ballentine We think about money in 1 of 2 ways, big money or no money
MSNBC now saying the Mexican border is not dangerous.
thanks for the RT
Friends. Sports. Water balloon fight. Bon fire smores. Perfect Sunday.
Just saying, if we focus too much on sex scandals of any candidate, aren't we just perpetuating distorted and inflammatory media coverage?
Armada fair demo derby. :) xx
GOOD NIGHT FOLKS
Thanks, ! The feeling is definitely mutual. Hope you have a fabulous week :) xo
“: The more society INVESTS in professional nursing the better the outcomes society will see in health.”
I'm talking about home video rights. Like with Negima!, the DVD's have been OOP for years, but it's still streaming.
Chiana:Those fancy mattresses got nothing on the pile of dirty laundry...I'm...sleeping on...right...now...z...
Going to Georgia...AGAIN.!
hey I just saw this.. Are you feeling better? :(
My mom sent me to da wrong job corps
Thanks!! :) Pleasure to meet!
Donating blood is always a good thing. If you want, donate platelets...just as important, and you can donate more often.
Told someone in the elevator that I was from Kentucky. She said, "to be honest, why would I ever want to go to KY?" I wanted to slap her.
Highest grade I got in 4 years of high school was probably a B....my lowest grade in my first year.... Is a B
I hear ya.... But funny to them say they're canning KO for lacking "values of respect" -- and then replacing him with Spitzer!
“: I just want to go on a drive :/” alright let's go!
my fav Freeman roles are Lean on Me, seven, and Lucious Fox in Batman
Hold the spray paint, grass is a growing at Texas Tech
Thanks to all for the wonderful support of our congressional campaign! - JDG
Wild pitches for the wild pitches god!
quiet around here today - no one even called when the library website was down!
Can we just fast forward threw all the hard shit in life and avoid the bumps and rocks, no because those bumps and rocks make you stronger.
Quiet Night is upon us! Remember to get here early if you're performing. Hot (adult) cider & (normal) tea will be happening :)
New line of storms developing from Wonewoc to Ithaca in Juneau, Sauk and Richland Co. Downpours/small hail possible.
marquisadeshawn#yobitv Can't wait to get on the plane and come to Detroit
Anthony Davis
how do you get the tickets.....website?
just april fools. I found out raina did that when I got home from work. Lol
Stylized selects. Why did it have to be stylized selects?
Whiskey > Fitness, clearly ;-)
Off to bed everyone have a good night!
ME AGAIN LOL “ Gemini might make you laugh by mimicking a sound heard outside the window. He's random like that.”
7th Wedding Anniversary Dinner w/ CHEERS to Us!!
yes sir
A recent study has shown that playing beer pong contributes to the spread of mono and the flu. Yeah, if you suck at it.
Beliebers! Lets start a trend! Lets get him to live chat :D
I think I do more street promotion than online.
def... lol jk i will, but tryng to get them to go... good luck!
But can I get that massage tho lol
Yep, we do. We always have. :-) Definitely follow him and come out to his next show!
it went from peaceful to obnoxious within seconds. My coffee shop will have a noise policy.
100 Years of Being the Fenway Enemy As Fenway Park, the oldest and perhaps most venerated building in professional sports, celebrates its
Night Twitter ..Haven't heard from my Bf in 2weeks ...
Having some fast food tonight yumm!! =)
wow this is retarded ... I just know my mom is gonna make one. Why are they joining twitter?!
Okay give me 20 minutes
I need help. So what it be worth it skipping a day of classes to go to the TM even in SF?
Nothing like being indoors on a rainy day and playing Charades!
Digital History has made me sign up for a Twitter account...Lets see how this goes.
I don't think so :( And I read Shane doesn't want it. But I really would like them to be together too.
I don't get this trend of announcing a blog post "via" people who had nothing to do with it. I thought 'via' meant 'by way of'.
Nokia Faces Uphill Battle - Redmond Developer News
i'm going after pictures
“: Greatness unfolds in response to great challenge. Marianne Williamson”-SO TRUE
: Can you bring my cards tomorrow please? c:
Never throw to Venus on a spider 3 Y banana.
I think I missed you in my #ff callout this time - sorry 'bout that!
Is your name Daisy? Mine is and I don't meet many people with my name :)
Will do. Thanks
not blaming conductors. How about putting extra workers on during busy weekends like this?
no more moronic than your stupid comments
Just got rid of one patent troll to find another one on my desk. Worse than a virus.
“: great to see you again. I hope this bunch gets organized and we get some positive change going. We need it!”//Amen!
Thanks...and you look marvelous.
there is nothing really like enjoying a hot bowl of soup on the day of the first chicago snowfall
Progressive social media and IT policies will be key to attracting talent.
If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guys gloves touch ur lips, cuz you don’t know where his glove has been
Just got out my iPod at Crazy Rockin Sushi. Best sushi. Worst music.
Was reading a myth book and a thought popped up. In the next IDC books will new Celtic deities emerge? Credne? Taranis? Macha?
Ipod is fucked up, but for some reason I can still listen to
Just got done swimming (:
Hoops. He could play for Coach Erb someday.
that's worse than wearing a red shirt to Target.
lmaoooooo niggas disrespect and broke the floor
Watching TV and eating cereal on a weekday in the middle of the night cause like Yolo.
i'm at work, i can't control the heat. I have a thicker jacket on. so shut up!!
RT #Leaders who reinvent themselves see things in a whole way, therefore, they drive needed change in their environment.
who me???? Ugh u know I'm bored as hell!!!
Hey guys... I'm back and I will post hourly tweets from now on. Peace :-)
Folasayo Dele-Ogurinde, one of Womanscape artist will be here at 6:30 for today’s Feedback Lecture. Come and cheek it out!
Had a great night at the Club. Gotta get up and get ready to go back to nj in the morning
Prob won't make it to the end, but I'm gonna go on a limb and say Nadal although Djokovic looks good.
. Thanks for the #FF!
I think there has been lack of oxygen in our office nook - that's what has been causing these "special" moments!
Starting to figure out my Oscar predictions now
The next round of fundraising for the MDA Boot Drive is May 3, 5 and 12.
Sorry for the confusion!
Thank you. Happy #FF!
what did u think of
What a beautiful day it is out here! About time NYC!! #Spring!
please tell me you made "Breakfast AMF's"?
Had a blast in Chi, but ready 2 get back on Milwaukee Soil
The awesome costumes are already starting to pour in at Hard Rock Hotel San Diego! This weekend is going to be EPIC!
THINK YOU CAN ACT OR SING.....GET PAID DOING IT. Submit headshots and background info
WTB anti-aliasing for iOS apps.
I don't care what the haters say that movie Hunger Games was good as hell.
hey Soror, I am at a coming out show at Valdosta State Univ. Thanks for the shout out yesterday. Deuces!
Looking forward to meeting with the Petersburg Civil War 150th Committee in historic Chesterfield County, VA.
No respect, no class,then you wander why you at the bottom....Smh
It's the Rickenbacker that does it. The 12-string electric guitar is the greatest sound in the universe. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
so theres this pigeon at my windowsill and i immediately thought of youu ;) xx
gianna can I tell you something??!!
aye' nm, in school.. bored af . you?
you didn't get enough sleep in the assembly?
The Grand Prix race yesterday at Homestead Speedway was more interesting with the rain (all those spin outs) but I got soaked to the bone.
Just tried to send a tweet and it didn't send but it's not in my drafts either, gone forever into twitter cyberspace
Thanks for posting the really fun #photos of my sis from last weekend's event! Great website too!
Have a nice morning filled w/ love
YOU DID IT! 600,000 MAHOMIES <3 YES! CONGRATS :) GO GET SOME SUBWAY TO CELEBRATE !
Anyone who says "Tis better to have loved and lost" clearly has NO grasp on the rules of tennis
agreed. i usually dont eat to much at meals but i could rock a pizza eating contest all day any day lol
Help us connect w/ #RI #fostercare youth & alumni as we seek to establish a collective that empowers through entrepreneurism & self reliance
Did you #google "askew" today?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 3
not a problem! And perfect timing - I can't get to it before tonight at the earliest
Thanks for the follow, we hope you have a great New Year!
That's right ;) “: wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yaah”
Mega Millions mania, yep, we got it too.
Chrissy who r u dating ???
well, hopefully we'll be touring soon. And cali would be a great place to tour for sure.
My birthday in 2 weeks 2 days!!!
I just sent V.Zloty thee most vulgar text for no reason..lol.
Born To Lose - The Devil Wears Prada (;
My phone won't charge.. awesome !!!!(:
No Lies....New Truths
It depends on the type of procedure. Today most all sx spine procedures can be done using a minimally invasive approach.
#Terps lax with Beat #Duke!
im tired haha im gonna have homework for 2 weeks :(
Feeling GREAT! Had an awesome work out just now. Can't wait to see results! :D
Thanks for the shout-out, Neal!
Installing numpy on the OpenBSD laptop with a view to install Gnuplot.py.
Listening to Check Yr Head, thinking about pouring a 40oz on the curb.
Awesome Blue and Gold dinner BSA rules
I might not make much sense or money or progress, but I make a million excuses a day.
well ur hear enough for it to b so get to steaming hoe
Saw ya covering Cowboys on NFL network this morning. Congrats on new gig. You're doing a reverse tour of NFL dynasties.
oh honey, everyone loves me. you can take me anywhere. I never talk politics, only ebullient wit & humor. ;)
Huge congrats to Miss who ran the #minimarathon while live-tweeting. And she trended in #Indy. That takes skillz. Yes, w/a "z."
what's up with the #sosummit? How do I get in on that action. PS Can't wait to see the t-shirt, "hi, I'm Joey. Let's party"
has the best damn #cupcakes in #Portland! And the best dimples! =]
Antenna-LNA system to achieve narrow beam-width, College of ...
How about the cookies? ;)
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
Another rockin' #MiamiCharity: , Heightening the awareness of the danger of ovarian cancer
Oh, that sounds amazing! RT : New beverage recipe: seltzer, lime juice & lots of ginger ... so good
yes! Now nothing lol /:
All I can say is I'm sorry.
haha! Took me a while to work out what you were on about;)
Missed Fortune Radio starts this weekend! Ping me for details.
Yes ma'am, right now unfortunately. Can't wait until it stops. :/ No, not yet. I haven't watched tv really. I can't wait!
#NW Money From Strangers (y)
lol i know! but i got u when school is out! and dang ! can't take a joke? sheesh. lOl
Have you tried peach Pinkberry with fresh peaches? It is De-licious!!
That made my day Alex!!(: I Love You<3
wait read all of these from the bottom up cause then you wont get the lemme holla message..
Are you ready for #MothersDay?
Hopefully it'll still be the perfect conference for you come September!
Why Do Black People Have To Be #Smart ? <<<<
some boys don't know how to love? What?
Would def be a prob for me RT Discussing Thomas Mann in Humes. All I can think of is Terrence Mann in Field of Dreams
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think, and loved more than you know.
i'm sure the anticipation is just KILLING you...don't worry, should be unveiled soon.
Shiny iridescent bandaids can't perform my patented "thumb booboo" technique.
congrats, is so glad you're safe!
U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 2.2% Rate, Report Says Gross domestic product grew at an annualized rate of 2.2 percent, easing from the pr
Industry Models welcomes to the team!!
if you must know, it was the 7-0 Carolina game last year, Game 7 of the SCF and a 6-0 whitewash over the Isles in November.
I know right! She leaves me speechless! Jaw dropping!
So proud that I am finishing our taxes a day early. ;)
I got drinks on meh drinks on meh
UM. Well that explaains alooot lmfao! I hope she's killing conrad
my pleasure! I meant it, and I'm glad that you can use them. I'm happy to be involved as a resource, too.
ask him to join. seems like a cool guy
Working jobs we hate to buy the shyt we don't need
which is clearly different from the original, ad far more costly "wisdom". Good job, naming committee.
Waiting for the stampede of people who confuse 'winery' with the brand
The fox that chases many rabbits catches none.
wow u so lucky did u make a wish???
Watching the same episode.
So happy I got my check in today!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 44
Late night eating <<<<< im done with that!
RT : A freeze warning is in effect for portions of west central Wisconsin late tonight and early Thursday morning.
I followed her can u please follow me
Pailla: Strine said we're looking to you for the temperature of the Student Body. That's what Student Self Governance is for.
Congrats! Can we expect to see it on Kindlegraph soon?
Fact: As income increases, so too do the number of taxis.
They say "no one will listen to us". You are fucking crazy. That's why.
I guess I'm not doing that college program at St Peters College this summer.. Oh well.
Falling in love with Twitter Lists
My heart is not a Lego. Stop playing with it.
Reading "Bird by Bird" as I get psyched for and 's book tour that's coming to DC! My 2nd fav after Grace Eventually.
Wow the mail is fast! We mailed that yesterday evening...lol
Wellgate for Women Gel-Comfort Knee Support, 1 Size
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight :)) .... A dead one.
Hey Everyone! Just added music and a shows page. Keep up to date with all your JOEY ABARTANESS!
Most striking line frm #GameChange. "On all #federalreserve ?s just say any action they took was appropriate."
Everyone in the car! Breakfast at Chick-fil-A!
whats good jeremy told me to hit u up
A zip and a DBL cup!
Tweet it and we can all love it from afar!
Applebees Karaoke=My job therapy
so glad some of the back pain is gone lol still awsum
Give personalized attention, that is key to loyalty
Donald takes back No 1 ranking again Luke Donald has taken back the World No. 1 golf ranking that he lost to Rory McIlroy two weeks ago.
We can understand the feeling of relief, Lauren but we'll miss you. Come back and visit real soon.
Apparently no vibram fives at the store. Ordered online for store delivery next week. So normal sneeks in gym the next few days....
": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."
Me for sure.
"Error establishing a database connection" is my porn name
Harvard Square was just conquered by Serasi. No sword needed.
welcome to the club, just got arrived myself. folks are nice here but I keep forgetting their names. i'm sure it'll pass...
"When you have dry wood and you are ready to light a match, social media can ignite that fire." ~ at
to bad your fav Texas fan can't get you the game 1 ticket
I think he is finally healthy and in game shape, Mike Woodsons coaching is also helping alot
BtoBSocialMedia: 10.5 percent of CMOs say social marketing efforts are effectively integrated into their overall marketing s
Can't wait to see and Peter Konz in the same huddle in Atlanta. Pride of Richland Center goes in 5th round to Falcons.
I can't stand a ole Uncle Ruckus ass kissin Nigga!!!!!! Make me wanna shoot they asses on sight!!!!!!
Thank you to and everyone who came out to tonight's #PiChWeek event! :)
Me and one of my peeps gonna dress like hardcore geeks tomorrow...cant wait to see reactions
Hulk smash
Next Show: Friday February 3rd at The Grape Room. Mark your calendars NOW!
slow down you crazy child, you're so ambitious for a juvenile.
Wrapped it up! $90,555 - THANK YOU!!!!
Alison, thanks for the follow as well. We look forward to sharing your tweets with our readers. Have a great week!
join us today be pro active create free account post highlight tapes and photos help colleges coaches find you
congrats on getting 3 million followers Liam! I am proud to be one of them. We all love you so much :)
#FF they are awesome ppl! do it...NOW!
hey pretty ladies how is your day
I see your six and raise you six.
We are at the today! Be sure to stop by-look for us behind home plate!
It's time for some Cozy Comfort Food...Tonight's Feature: Grilled Cheese and Creamy Tomato Bisque...M M Good!!!
Thanks to all for a fabulous weekend of hosting our first NYC Castnig Dorector!
Reminder! Twitter Party coming up on Tues, 5/22 at 8pm! Locally Grown Club! Prizes: Locally Grown Club Boxes
I lost my ride :(
“ that's my friend that proposed. :)” it was awesome, I hereby award him +10000 swag points for it! Congrats to them!
So you're enjoying benefits won for you by the unions and now you're against anyone else having them. Yup, nut job.
In good when in good but Im better when I'm badd
oh, im sorry i didn't realize yu were giving me a dirty look, i jut thought yu looked ugly like that all the time.
Beyondthescoreboard.net I'm interested to see what the plan on doing to get themselves a championship
Publix opened today on ! So happy to have a grocery store just a beautiful bike ride away. Too bad today's high is 55 degrees...
it is when youre too busy frowning, you have to be the change you want to see-ghandi
Also in the words of Breitbart: You're a special pile of human excrement.
Has a little more than one month until Future Leadership Boca 2009 takes off!
everywhere i go all them hoes act the same too
Whenever a woman says, "I hate girls; they're catty bitches," a patriarchy fairy gets its wings.
Just saw a sign for a psychic fair. They need a sign?
It was at a KCAI intern thing yesterday.
No one can motivate you. You must learn what motivates you and motivate yourself.
We are getting ready for the live chat!
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 9
Any time you've got something to shout about & tweet at those for a RT
Somewhere out there, someone is lying in the wet spot right now.
we're going to be in the same boat.
haha fml!!! i'm going to come up with some excuse
Tonight Coffee House! Rachel Platten w/ Bess Rogers & Gavin Jones! Doors @ 7pm! Tix are selling fast... don't miss out tonight!
#gratefultweet: For the arrangement of LASST UNS ERFREUN. Much easier to play than the traditional and sounds just as good.
So these "devastating" defense cuts are moving spending to pre-2007 levels?
#HealthyRelationships What is your standard and why? Many times we want what we see but what do u need in your heart?
was so cracked up on caffeine last night i recorded like 15 based freestyles on random people's voxers... at like 3 AM
Any ideas on set times for Low End Theory SF tomorrow? It would be very handy to make sure that I do not miss
Finally back on twitter ! Haven't been on this website In a while.
no doubt... But got to go with the SEC on Monday...
Quote of the Day: Jumping for joy is good exercise!
"They'll want to talk immediately." - Dona's opinion of what Pgh audiences will want to do after seeing #StreetcarNamedDesire!
I LOVE Charlie Brown Christmas!!!!
Slow jazz is the music equivalent of the bedazzler
I really don't think it is acceptable to show a death at close range on video. Show a snapshot, but not the whole video.
He gone be out in the summer fam
Yes! I don't see you people often enough.
I like your wordpress article. we should rap sometime about my question: why is there a difference between activist and american
-- hey, check your voicemail and call SoundDiego!
The CEO of Mohegan Sun says the company is serious about becoming the first casino to open in Massachusetts
Revenge is a dish best served cold. Get ready Indiana.
I wish I was at the show in #hollywood .Instead I will just listen to their music.
Another nice day
that was such a tremendous beer.
Many's the day the excellent packed lunch gives way to deep-dish Green Mill.
Happy mothers day to my second mother
I declare the hummus a success!!!
I will die if both Tayler and Alaric dies! if that happens, I want a happy ending will it happen?
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing beautiful mothers out there who work extremely hard to raise there kids.
#NFAIS Ratan - following information off the page by tracking copy/paste info to see how it's used.
I went home to Ja. recently, had the best Callaloo dish my father a rastafarian cooked it with carrots. I had it with bananas/dumplins...yum
hi.low
Uh, somebody Shot me :D
no one here at work except me and one other person. Peace and quite thank goodness for the holidays
lmao that place is dumb right nowm come down to za have some drinks n a slice witcha boy
In 2008, 627,000 businesses opened, & nearly that many closed.
I just want you to have the best Headshots EVER! Please gimme a shout-out since I can't make it.
Wow I was driving like 90 mph to get here thank god I didn't get stopped
the theorist of the routine activities theory are Lawrence Cohen & Marcus Felson
It's snowing almost everywhere else...but not Las Vegas. It's beautiful outside.
Yeah haha. Well, we're awesome
sorry we were hacked! Hope you did not click the link in the dm you got.
Aww... Still cool though. Look forward to seeing those photos on your site :)
lmao good call! Idk why I even try, hot chics on talk shows never pay off, w few exceptions, that I can't think of right now ha!
BRYAN ARE YOU GOING TO VIDCON!? <3 ...SEXY TIME
the first three hours was fun but then it got boring af
Tough loss, 4-2. They played hard and left it all on the ice.
Second person I've seen in two days reading Into Thin Air on the T.
are you on the bus?
I bet you knew my favorite channel is Syfy right? Now you do. If any1 sees an opening on career builder for a "Ghostbuster" holler at me.
How did i miss the davis litho show? I may be horid at maming lithos, but love the history of it...
I also like Vanilla. I need try Cookies & cream Glad you like it! Muscle Milk!!!!!!
Just checked stats behind our Christmas Demolition game. We had over 3000 unique players of which 54 were playing on Xmas day!
The official NLDay is May 12th but we are encouraging hands-on learning projects all yr long! check out www.nationallabday.org/about
"You dont actually hit people in sword fights !"
Some guy who sounded like Darth Vader just called and asked me on a date. I have no idea who it was, I don't know Darth. Is it a trap?
heck ya I'm interested! It's a weekend I hope?
what a line-up!
Bitch, please. You've had more relationships than my grandparents have had birthdays.
ugh, is the nastiest tranny I have ever had the displeasure of witnessing!
Looks like last night was a hit! Sad to miss.
I'm super excited! Sans Souci...French phrase and my life motto..or I try to live by it anyway :) (means no worries/care free)
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> LOG TO www.800printingnyc.com
sorry but idk who you are lol and I will Darian don't worry :)
I love the childish tantrums of "adults" in public.
": mistake, after mistake , after mistake ...when will I learn ?!"not until u lose sumthin special unfortunately
awww! Looking forward to meeting the troublemaker ;) she's cute! Xoxoxo
Thank you thank you
you should be tweeting us in French Jane! How is it going over there? All bets is still asleep!
I'm sorry.. Max you'll get it eventually..
Paul finally found a perfect place to use his sitar guitar pedal in one of our new tunes. Wish he has his old sitar back though.
Hey #sschat! I'm Michael from Massachusetts. Great to be here.
2 exams down, one more to go, and move out.. Then summer!!!
We are getting ready to announce the WINNER of the 4 HOUR RENTAL!!!
Lady Gaga much?
RT : If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
Taking the tres banderas highway to the obsidian dome.
The funeral for Mike Wallace is going to be fairly brief, about 60 minutes.
aw bb thank you.
“ "Death before dishonor" signs: #Taurus, #Leo, #Scorpio, #Aquarius”
MAJOR winter storm to likely impact Midwest, Great Lakes and portion of Ohio Valley and East US next Tues-Thurs...stay tuned
"DO NOT DRINK. SMOKE WEED INSTEAD!" HAHAHAHA!
the Depot has its own fashion design contest that airs on AM-NW. My mom was watching today.
And suddenly all my suspicions about Rick Perry are confirmed.
Yeah, that looks pretty awkward alright!
Live life to the fullest!!
Go to bed gurl
Just installed Thanks guys.
? As anyone tried WEN by Chaz hair? Specifically African Amer females. Pls let me know the outcome. Thanks
Who has 2 thumbs and tickets to Game 3 of the Miami Heat/Indiana Pacers series? This guy!
Just saw the list of Oscar nominations, what a weak year for movies. 2011 was one of the worst movie years of my lifetime.
I'm damaged from the inside. I've been broken. Don't threaten me with what you think I feel. If you could read my mind you'd be in tears.
holy crap that's a whole lot of freaking pizza! Actually no, sorry. Spring break kinda occupied my mind insted of the question
I know right I found someone who stole mine and I took it back x) jk
Not to pile on, but is still a daily?
I'm still Fuckin wit the bulls even without they capt.,,,
Thanks everyone for coming to our show last night! Glad you could all make it, and we hope you all had as much fun as we did!!!
thanks for the RT! Great newsletter!
CONFESSIONS OF A SLIGHTLY NEUROTIC HITWOMAN by JB Lynn :'I should have known that my plan to go home and spend a nice quiet...'
I'm hoping Chelsea fixes my world of football. Let's go!!!
Let me be clear, those Navy Seals would have never died if the tea party would have let us raise taxes!!! It's their fault, not Barack's!!!!
"Don't be a drag, just be a queen" from "Born this way" by Lady Gaga. <U+AC1C><U+C778><U+C801><U+C73C><U+B85C> <U+C9E7><U+C9C0><U+B9CC> <U+D55C><U+B3D9><U+C548> <U+ACC4><U+C18D> <U+C5EC><U+C6B4><U+C774> <U+B0A8><U+C558><U+B354><U+B77C><U+B294>;
": I've got a lot of work to do but I'm stoked. Get off the tracks the Ann train is coming to blow your mind. Thanks "
Delayed for going on 4 hours...still sitting in the NOLA airport
Relocating to Atlanta after graduation. Looking 2 break into :-) marketing or sales
How Do You Share #Video? Tweet us your thoughts!
We'll be catering the Texas Omicron tailgate this Saturday. 200+ people! We'll also be open & serving out of the shack on 24th & San Antonio
It's Wednesday, you know what that means! Kiddie Cafe at 10am, food, drinks, coloring sheets, puzzles and more all in Cafe 300!
RT: : FARK: "AT&T is getting married to T-Mobile. There will be no reception afterwards"
Very cool guys! Congrats!
I love using
that's absurd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Networking party..Thursday March 3, 2011 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St. New York, NY. Doors open @ 8PM!! Dance, drink and NETWORK
at least you're consistent Jim.
regardless of what we think is right on this. It is her daughter and her money.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book
Take a deep breath,Reminding myself that im the bigger person. Whew help me Jesus
I really look forward to The Avengers!
There is a 4ft moat around my apartment. Where can I get a drawbridge?
First day at Portland Picture Frame!
Been a min since I played on Twitter~>
Had a real good jiu jitsu and wrestling week this week now it is Friday!!!
Tiger tiger tiger.
Thank you for your support!
Commish Gary Bettman says they'll decide after the #olympics if the players will be in for 2014 in Sochi.
Brees "Sproles = Bush"...takes a lot of value away from L. Moore
Damn I'm bored
Hi Keri welcome to the Land of Lincoln.
People like you are the reason people like me need
About to board 1st leg of flight to Seattle. There is an older gent playing Johnny Cash songs in his guitar at this gate!
nice air ball tonight now zip it!!
ha, I often feel that way. :)
no one appreciates anything I do for them.
Come support your tigers in their first home game of the year tomorrow at 7pm on Patterson Field!
hey guys.
I seriously don't wanna be on this earth anymore... It's so corrupt, stupid and boring..
Seriously NO ONE will take my damn shift today....wtf
#united New system at airport makes you log in again to print duplicate boarding pass. Small annoyance. Fix, please.
on set from the models they talk about Molly :s ??
#FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : BITCHES! IF YOUR FACE DOESN'T ATLEAST MATCH THE COLOR OF YOUR HANDS A LITTLE BIT, YOU HAVE A BIG MU'FUGHIN PROBLEM!
2012 films! #5. Burn After Reading (2008). This film just gets better with each viewing. A brilliant dark comedy by the Coens.
Take that Flacco bashers...happy now : Ravens working out QBs Kyle Boller and Dennis Dixon Thurs.
Will do babycakes! RT : hurry up and tour through Utah so I can shamelessly fangirl over you.
Ridiculously fine
You ol' son of a bitch, you.
thais math packet is not happening right now.
Don't let a lot of rain get between you and your breakfast. Eggs served till 3pm everyday...
"reports are that the heartland sound of Michael Stanley is great" Think of a heartland sound that isn't??
I'm all the way out here in a whole lotta nothin Midland, when I could be back home taking care of business >:[
Turn up the #music, turn down the drama.
RT if you think Casanova should be on #Glee!
I have Brees/Ponder, also made a deal that brought me in Bradford
#celebfavshow RT : Is it worth it to not see the premiere of Breaking Bad so I can have 2 back to back next week?
I am-- totally harmless!
#NAKEDatDENNYS with my band and 520
Re-watching Cities of Light: Islamic Spain on local PBS digital station; a bit basic for me but v little done on the period and the people
girl yes. Booty shorts. Haha. But if she do work I mightt can get a ride. I'll try hard .
You did well though, didn't you? :)
#LunchAndLearn today at 11:30am ! Today’s presentation is from Gilead Pharmaceutical. Lunch provided!
NASHVILLE, CLARKSVILLE, MURFREESBORO! FOXX will be in Clarksville FRI 12/23 & is available to do FEATURES! SPECIAL PRICE
all that frivolous shit is cool, but heart, soul, and being a champion for the human spirit is where I'm at widdit.
Blessed are the cracked & broken, for they shall let in the light. ~unknown
I'm so glad! Hope you're enjoying everything! :)
Q3 Saying it again. In svc biz, employee personal brands are already merged with employer brand. For better or worse.
Somewhere near Salt Lake, they have this warehouse where they're growing dozens of Mitt Romneys.
Sounds like in order to connect Canon XHA1 to new iMac you have to use a FireWire 400 cable with a FireWire 800 adapter!
Hahaha yes. She's such a hippie! I can see her being such a pothead in the 60's
Straw Dogs is NOT scary at all!!! But TONS of hot guys!!
I hate it when doors open on their own.
Do it :D
Enough of the #whitneyhouston coverage. Let her rip
Why thank you. :)
I dunno, but now I want pepperoni pizza!
too bad...you created this and so I will follow
I tried the flat wound when GHS came out with them years ago.. Haven't since tho...
u also have a dog?
A valuable service, I'm providing.
follow back?
But pointless like all my other 4,995 tweets
Rex Lee said "beautiful" about DNA imprints
Absolutely Dave! Had a wonderful one! Hope you did the same!
Go hard or go home and going home aint an option
Dear coffee cart guy. Coffee is not supposed to look gray. Ever.
is there some link that I can see his speech?
beyond pissed off
Always do new things constantly! Rememeber- 'He who expands his horizons will find the right road!'
RIP Meow the Fat Cat :(
Just got back from Denali NP :-)
sometimes life gets simpler if one doesn't look back
#9RoundMinute: 20 Toe-Touches topped with 30 Flutter Kicks!!
Yer..We are gonna blow Colonel Sanders to Nuggets.
Right...hope his final take was better. PS....love your show!
lose a bait possibly get a new one lol
Yea he is.He actually knows how to treat a girl!
greetings from florida!
The things people wear to the gym.smh
The company that now holds my student loans has a website that looks like it belongs to a self-storage company that is barely scraping by.
I think some people have more natural inclinations towards some things, & greater passion. But it's all hard work
thank you!!!! Nothing like a fresh coat of paint to match the new things going on inside!
attempting 2 sing "thinking of you" (not knowing i was loud) my professor comes in & says is that you singing lmfaoo.. so embarrassed
RT The Olbermann/Dan Patrick Sportscenter was the best Sportscenter. Stop trying to take that memory away from me, Keith.
I'm still not tired darnnit
isnt that the biggest place in canada?
soo ya say, youre done w/ this person, youre done w/ that person. then yall are frends within weeks. lol okay.
nah it was her time, dwarf hamsters only live from a year to a year and a half, she was born aug 2010
No point in using your blinker once you've stopped. By then I'm rudely aware that you have intentions other than going straight.
My hair still smells like hair paint xD
law and order rookie let him know
REfugee camp... conspiracy theory... what?!?!?
Missing Forbes kennywood day for prom..
Oh. Mah. Gah ! I just vomited.
leaning tower or sb's... ah!!!
If we strive, if we work, if we try, to the best of ourselves, then we are in the line of our duty.
I had too high of expectations last year, and learned the hard way to take the time to model.
East coast. Originally Ft. Pierce. Now New Smyrna Beach.
not. This will cause an even greater financial gap between the top clubs and the rest.
That's what I'm talking about!
smh what are you talking about ^.^
MT : We may try this at #stc12 in the Lightning Talks. (Speakers presenting slides they haven't seen). Who will notice?
don't be so shallow!!!!
Mercy is grace With power
I haven't been there in years, though.
too bad this is not accurate
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
#BestPickUpLines "I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away."
Thank you very much.
Rolling Stone-The Weeknd...nuff said
I should of put money on that fight i knew floyd would win
Was just offered a part time position by another company today. How come I couldn't get any of these calls when I was jobless??
Wow downtown Fort Lauderdale.. Ewe.
sweet jesus!! Wait til yolexis finds out ur cheating on her with brownie...
I am fueled by sugar right now and wanting to finish this little flasher. I'm going to try to be done by 2.
Instead of buying the cece costume , ima dye my hair orange-redish , dressup in cut up jeans , wear a read shirt with a sparkly jacket !!
Finally finished my homework...#ifuckinghateschool .
new to twitter nd mo followers SWAG
no need to watch what you dislike. Way too many options these days to be imprisoned by any media or personality.
Great people for
Blamms: One part Hamm's, two parts Blatz. Mix and serve ice cold. You gotta try one.
Omfg today is probably the worst day to have the problem I'm having. This is not okay.....
I love wearing dress clothes/shoes and hooping up on highschoolers on the playground.
Think about what you do on Facebook...really. Then think about all of that time wasted
Prayed psalm 145 tonight with thanks for finding it for us today Hatzes -The Kraemers
smh oh now I'm "babe"?
For the latest in hair supply and lace wigs, log onto www.drwiggys.com
someone is stealing your design work from livingsocial. (SocialStudiesDC)
When a girl posts a pretty picture on facebook, nobody likes it, When a girl posts a picture with her boobs in the camera, everyone likes it
Q. How can you tell if a #bagpipe is out of #tune? A. Someone is blowing into it.
- Thanks so much for the follow!
Up early on my day off, on my way to the nail salon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's these days like these that make me wish I was still asleep at this hour.
18 days until Christmas. (:
maybe u can put in a good word for him & get him some experience ; )
How come there's no group protesting all the soys slain every day for our dining pleasure?
I want reece's pieces for my breakfast wit some fruit loops just sprinkle em in my fruit loops
I miss you too! I literally have so much to tell you..
Today is National Coffee Day and McDonald's is giving you a free cup today until midnight
Thanks for the mention, Jeroen -- glad to hear that the ideas still have some impact (12 mos is forever!)
we're not use to that here Brrrrr
Ridiculously amazing day w/heidalicious in Nevada City.
what!? That is awesome! Haha so jealous
You software is amazing, kudos to the team!
so fonDON'T then? :'(
Nature can put the squeeze on U
Noble denizens of the Pacific Northwest hark! I am extending my trip from 6 to 12 days to better make reacquaintance with you. Leaving Fri
we have an internal tool we use to track it.
I am tired. It's gonna be a long nite toom
Andre Carter. At least before his injury.
pretty sure you know me bro..btw you watch the game tonight
Pretty much don't even care to watch #CelebrityApprentice since Lisa is gone.
Join this Saturday April 28th for the 1st Annual Love Your Block Cleanup Project...
We can always lock her in the warehouse when she goes back there? Give her something to think about.
The Helping People Buy Program is an excellent opportunity for homeownership. Visit www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com for more info.
you'll gain another 5 pounds
Definitely started our day right, mad props on the turntable skills and mix! Everyone Loved it today!
Just when I think Im ouit they pull me back in...
Going Green: Use power strips to plug in all ur office/home equipment. Today electronics draw power when off. Turn off power strip leaving.
what was the location? I think I missed you segment.
told me that he still porno's from best buy
Oh hey, i see youu.
Great! We can't wait to see you again :)
by using my reasoning abilities...
@ Thanks For the Follow hahha
HAPPY HALLOWEEN from #GA Pink!
Gathering background on the US Interagency Council on Homelessness' efforts to encourage local Project Homeless Connects. PHC, very helpful
Ladies - Never spend your time on or with someone who shares his time with someone else, a #GoodWoman deserves more than that.
why u sad x
There is no limit to what can be accomplished when no one cares who gets credit. - John Wooden
party in california
We're pretty good at reuse. In one case, converting old doors into exhibit panels, thanks to the in Texas.
Just got hit in the face with a football.. Not fun.. Xx
I'm hxc and you're not
you should be in class! why u tweetin?
Oreilly is good on social issues, but really doesnt understand economics at all.
all is fair in love and motherhood.
uh oh I just got it on my phone!!!!
": Late nights, early mornings"
i coughed then farted. WOW EMBARRASSING MUCH?
RT : Q5: DO YOU GO TO DIFFERENT PEOPLE FOR PERSONAL VS PROFESSIONAL ADVICE?
Faith Without Works Is Dead!
I like for my dude to b seen, not heard
Has anyone ever developed a wiki to engage the alumni community in advance of each reunion?
Life could not get any better right now
Going to see the avengers and the lucky one! Hope their good :)
When i give you my time, I'm giving you a portion of my life that I will never get back. So don't waste it.
Whoa! There was a plot to blow up the 480 bridge in Cleveland? Way to Stop it FBI!
What do I Really want? To Fuss? Or for the behavior to change?
you made a gray point with your statement and it deserves to be heard by the broadest audience possible. Keep up the good work :)
Ikr... Holly should have been gone!
Hot af boa
Don't want to work. Gotta work.
who the F*CK gave that woman 5 kids? smmfh...dudes will hit ALL.
Beautiful women awesome costumes. Great music. Ft Myers, Fl is where its at
yeah, Suzy and I started watching it this week and just dominated season 1. Couldn't stop watching it.
no doubt JGS i was talkin bout others
what?? why does the music librarian position at university of HAWAII open just a year before i finish my MLIS?? boo.
When you are looking for anything for your home, the Louisville Home Show is the place to be. Plan on attending this weekend!...
it feels like everyone has decided to build their own shopping cart..:)). More than 500 shopping carts on the market..wow
To report flooding in your neighborhood, call the Storm Water Hotline at 619-235-1000.
I'll share as soon as delivers those promised cupcakes for all. :-D
mind to follow back??
is APPROVED
“: That is officially the worst call I've seen this tournament. Fabulous defensive play gets called for a 3-shot foul.”
I am thankful 4 my faith, family, friends, and 4 the opportunity to vist people's homes, when they are in need, to help anyway that we can.
I want a glass house with no shades.
Living w/ cool style - in the best sense- & luxe in Miami
#First20SongsOnShuffle 3) Chemical Kids and Mechanical Brides- Pierce The Veil.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> good night !
yeah i had cast a spell..
#stopbullying inspiring story on how a girl overcame her bff's suicide #STOPBULLYING www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com
Well that's simple. Let's add a couple of months.
That's a classic movie :) No matter how many times I see it, it never gets old! "...sing it Russ...fa la la la...
awww miss you too!
Wealthy: when you are constantly receiving more assets, because the assets you have are working to produce more.
I'm glad to be in conversation with you folks!
i feel bad for the white people who can't tan, but just turn pink and peel. So sorry.
$650 million (or however much now) will do that to people!
Congrats to Annette M. who won a $200 Honeybaked Ham GC from us & our Baltimore Area Chevy dealers!
RT : Taking time out r lives 2 consider the needs of others gives us what we need to complete ourselves.
Pink and bright bue I like for the summer nails :
oh no, I'm so sorry. We had to put down our border collie, who I had since I was 10, not too long ago. One of the hardest things
“: Tony LaRussa"s Shingle medicine” hahaha even my dad laughed at that one.
We're going in circles, dizzy's all it makes us.
Photoshop Tip: Collapse all layer groups. Right-clck arrow by top group, clck 'open groups' then right-clck again & 'close all other groups'
only on special occasions.
I thought it would be good for me to get out for a change of scenery, so I went shopping. Why did I have to go try on bathing suits? WHY?
happy mothers day
At school bored n ready to go cuz this place done got so godam lame. Teacher actn like a dick somebody needa pull the panties out his ass!
Just finished another application for event to sell my hand-lettered calligraphy Christmas ornaments this Fall in St. Louis!
i understand. I try to go early in the morning on a day early in the week.
where is the ladies and the financial calculator? Haha
Who's here tonight? -ms
my momma always said life's like a box of chocolates. you never know what you're gonna get.
back from Dream Country travels, : "Worry you none! I is not skittle-addling away forever moreover! I is only getting lost."
RT : I wish they'd let our travels go in college like they do in the NBA (yo chill before you catch a fine!)
Need someone's help in eclipse. Any #appdev got a few min?
It's too bad the "Buy in Print" Button doesn't link to the Yuricon shop. ;\
client update~down 16lbs since 5/10!! Just 9 more pounds to go. Way to make the right choices that support your goal!!!!
Conference Board reports on how creativity fits into workforce. Ready to Innovate report asked how businesses defined creativity
m - toaster strudel with hot sauce!
Just snagged 6 tickets to 's show in cinci. Good thing I was on my Donald trump shit... scrubs owe me $$$
Thank you so much for such an amazing night of hope here in Seattle! We love you Joel and Victoria!!! God Bless.
Just saw a guy wearing a shirt with the Edmonton Oilers logo that says, "Euler". My mind is blown.
Imagine ON THE RADIO- i'm sexy and i know it. Austin-points at you and says "You're sexy and you show it" (:<
Anything else bad happens and we will find you!
In chicago :)
Hi, ! I'm Jon, and asked me to reach out to you RE: mobile apps. How can I help you?
Guilded Age - Cheer Phil On at Super Art Fest!
Wtf is the mustard???
::Friday Alert:: Party @ #Notte Night Club! Be there EARLY! Contact for VIP and Bottle Service.
mad props to our pals and for RTs. check out more lols @ #Netflix 's expense
that may be very true, but God still asks us to act out of love not anger. Show her Christ's love, maybe she won't be anymore ha
Happy to be following:
to effing stressed :\
She sent me a text but I ain't never read it cuz pu**y only pu**y and I get it wen I need. True stuff drake
#Clubtwitter is more fun than club penguin
Where is my life going???? Where is my life heading??? What i am doing whit my life??? I am 32 what do i have to show for it????
my entire childhood just flashed before my eyes
2) No compelling goals. What am I working toward? A bigger farm? A bigger mob? A bigger sword?
I just made some bomb sweet tea. I felt it necessary to share this with you, Twitterverse.
We all played with barbies instead of GIJoes.
Safety squeeze. Plouffe didn't break with pitch. Lowrie made a hell of a play.
I wasn't even surprised really.
Are you a technology leader in SE Wisconsin and want to give back? Concerned about the talent gap? Ask me about AbilITy Connection.
In what world does this statement make sense? “I’m a Ron Paul man myself, but if I had a No. 2, it’d be Rick Santorum.”
Ouch, looks like that might sting just a bit. I bet a couple shots of patron would help...
i'd like to know how that bbq is....is it worth me making a downtown lunch visit?
thank u:)
RT From today to 23th Dec. I´m on a diet.
TRUTH IS.. I DON'T LIKE HAVING DAYS OFF
Oh Harry Potter, why are you so great?
Heading to Florida for the weekend. #:)
I see you
I kind of love that boy bands are making a comeback.
Not that we don't love being at the store with all of our lovely customers, but we also wouldn't mind being outside on this beautiful day!
So did I (Was at Schl of CinemaTV; how'd I miss meeting you two?). RT : Hey you know, we went to school with Seau.
I just don't get people who treat others like dirt.....
I'm openly weeping in this cafe over that video. Must be that time of the month. :)
I love running under the rain :)
GOOD MORNING!! :)
All snuggled in bed ready for sleep :)
it's not even that biz is slow, it's just eerie. No one around, no traffic, no line at Cue the tumbleweed.
MT : What could be more divisive than the liberal/conservative split between prayer and action?
already having problems?
We hot boxed hellah hookah & cigarettes and got turnt on prom !
Just asking: How did the phrase "bleeding heart" become a pejorative phrase for the "Christian" right?
Thank god ! #joebucksuck RT : Thom Brennaman and Brian Billick will call Sunday's #Packers #Lions game on Fox.
Thank you for the #FF. Let us know if you have any questions.
some days I think about watching the whole series but then I feel like there ate other shows I'd rather watch
Refreshing choice, Erin!
HAPPY EASTER!
I am rooting for your little Giants. I hope they stomp the cowgirls.
bill bradley on charlie rose right now talking about CONCENTRATION
I would go to sleep... but everyone is being so loud in my house that it wouldn't help to turn my light off and try.
I can't mention his name in a public forum
What I didn't know that you played football for missouri state?
A KQED sticker on a Subaru. But I repeat myself.
louis , u look like eleonor :o
And every time the Dems make up somethiing stupid to bash Romney with, it makes him more popular.
Depo y'all is going down
Why do I always want Peter piper pizza <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
A3: i think the fun part is letting ppl see a personal side, ie what you want in ur home, what food u like, etc
It’s Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday! Thank you radio for getting this stuck in my head that girl's a grenade!
We hope everything was delicious on Saturday!
you were amazing, we love you! Thanks for always making us proud! Did you see your grad pic in the program?
#centralonline intergalactic Central!
Loving my new iPhone 4s. It's so fast. And just works.
Hm.... Doubtful I'll be up for it with a newborn. Bummer.
what about us? We found it for you. That's it. No dinners for you when you get to NYC!
did you see ellen's show today? She dressed up as Sophia and the dj dressed as you. It was super cute!
#JKB AMAZING....my mom and I are gonna be like you and Melissa someday!!
My iPod is pmsing
Working on my new site with Edge One Media - Web Design. I can't wait to share it with you all. What do you think of my new logo?
Yoooo, I gotta' talk to you bout this nigga he's pissing me the fuck off.
very cool..enjoy your time with her
Great meeting you at #NassWV2011 was excited speaking with you!
Meteor really could be the JS/node/real-time platform of the future; definitely worth paying aging attention to...+1 for formatting the doc…
we'll see about that... lol
look up "barn owl ballyhoo" on FB its a concert/craft fair at club girabaldi headed by Molly Roberts, idk if you know her?
We discriminate against no one who has good bbq!
Tomorrow night returns to #vibe with us! 3 Tables left - Text 954.247.8418
Contact me if you need help with your PR or social media campaigns. We don't do the norm. Do not reply if that is the case.
Russell is playing like shit....I wouldn't throw the ball the rest of the game
Nothing like some crisp bacon to start off the new year.
OpenDNS, a great free way to speed up the interweb
grind hard . live fast . get money . hell yeah .
TY for the RT. Jabari is a solid kid.
Peyton to Jets? Puh-lease!! Weather, division with Pats, bad locker room, unrealistic expectations: are EACH deal-breakers.
just finished eating dinner ...now on to other exciting matters such as folding clothes and feeding the german sheps lol i know lol
: I thought we were friends yo how come u been ignorin miss lil me? lol
who are you and what's your favorite hobby? its about time we got to know our fans better!!
I'm up for bluebird if your mind is set on it.
Love getting off the el to see someone uncontrollably vomiting...
oh ya no nvm
Ready for the #NFLDraft! Welcome to the #colts Andrew Luck!
Zany holidays pretty weak on this Wednesday but did you know it's American Dance Week? Also Aviation and AC appreciatiion week.
negative them calls was horrible
Flapjack ahahaha. Night Nurse them bad boys. Suckle
15 people to go till we get to 2,000 FB fans! Who wants to be #2000?
Has anyone ever watched The Secret video? It's by the author of both books The Secret and The Power.
Fireworks and finis #Detroit #movement2011 at Bookies
I love #RestaurantWeek! Heard great things from a friend about Sage. I'm heading to Ruth's Chris this weekend! Luv the deals
That scared me so bad!! GOSH! Lol
is now a CGMA (Certified Global Management Accountant).
you welcome hun
Uh retweet if you're wearing one right now!
O, I wish we could say that we'd be able to do that for you. Maybe next time. :)
I had Fun meeting you there!Thanks for that pack of art I love it! Hope to see you there again :))
Happy Thursday everyone! Hope your day is going well! :)
This game makes me think of a black Warhammer piloted by a russian chick.
I love the terminator its a classic!
Thanks for the Twitter shout-out! And for tweeting the story :)
Knowledge management is an oxymoron. Knowledge cannot be managed. It can only be enabled. Tony O’Driscoll, Duke U.
Eric did u call911?
It's VON MILLER!
No Risk No Reward album coming now tweet me
Hey --who am I tweeting with? Or do you plan to remain a masked crusader for Goose Hollow? :>
in Milwaukee?
Heyy Ashley how are you
good morning from Los Angeles! I'm listening to your audio book, thanks!
Well, that was a great apple pie tip from #RestaurantImpossible Chef if I actually made apple pie!
Every box of Tagalongs should contain a portal to endless amounts of Tagalongs!
Serving today @ Main St location...come see us before the tree lighting ceremony today...see you there
Thanks for the RT! Hope to meet you at the party :).
let's go agian :b
so far, so great! I love emailing myself todos and being able to label them. Thanks!
I could definitely do something evening of 17th! Let's make it happen!
Congratulations to the 2012 Tony Award Nominees! BEST REVIVAL OF A PLAY: Death of a Salesman, Gore Vidal’s The Best Man, Master Class, Wit
get out and enjoy your Saturday! Spend time with family and friends and enjoy life! :)
Good nite twitter but happy bday MOM!!!!
Takes me a while but when I get it, I GET IT lol
I hate Cruz & Slt
That is pretty interesting that indicator lights are a big no-no. Very curious to know why you think so?
As far as I'm concerned your just another picture to burn! < / 3
Shout out to - Banzai Sushi soon to be back on campus, available at Hatfields in the 'Lair!
follow me pls your my inspiration <3
No, York PA. I did do old Yankee Stadium though. No real interest in the new one.
What's the best way to promote a mixtape in your opinion?
hey how r u?
SynapseIndia to Introduce Strategic Marketing Mechanism - SBWire (press release)
Not sure how long you have been watching the show, but those are episodes and a famous line from Barney about legendary.
you're killing me jon!! LOL:) britney is qualified to MAYBE judge a cheerleading contest. maybe......hahaha:) i'm in LA tomorrow!!
A cool breeze in South Florida ruins entire schedules.
you're welcome!
Yum! Midnight snack! RT : Fact: The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
Just saw a news report of a white seattle police officer punching a 17 year old black female in the face. Her crime, jaywalking.
. must shop at the same bra store as
she's actually #Happy today!! Well untill she sees Jordan!
Following has been one of the best Twitter decisions I've made.
What are the odds of making fun of someone you dont know & them adding you on Facebook? Just my luck lol
text me back!
“ Life is alot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.. or you're taking shit from some asshole.”
Jamming my .. his music keeps me going ((:
Naw. RT : I think I may have officially given up.
Nice idea. But I'll be living out of one already full suitcase for the next 4 months. Though I could just wear them...
#100thingsilove 49; the Bad Meets Evil live stream<333
Roads blocked, police, ambulances, trees down, and sailboats flipped near Tin Fish at #lakecalhoun in #minneapolis 30 minutes ago.
I have made so many people watch that completely fucking hilarious & filthy movie.
I love it! Coffee is a more American drink anyway:-D
Is anyone else having trouble with pinterest on a mobile device? Every time I click on a pin, it says error 404 oops page can't be found???
History time. RT : 76ers held to 26 1st-half points by Bulls, lowest in a playoff game since Hawks vs Celtics on May 4, 2008.
"All you can do is to put yourself in a position to win" - Jimmy V If u want something, do everything you can to be in that position!
Snow day!
RT : Stretch your imagination. Make your dream more real than your fears.
Giving tickets away to Steve Winwood.
a terrible, terrible world. Where we have to rely on emacs' comint-mode to get any non-painful shell usage.
haha what has changed?
your reaction made me laugh :) so yeah, we better book that get-together!
Lololol they're all overflowing!!!!!
With a 13 and 12 year old in the house the bullying story from Kasson-Mantorville gave me pause...kare11.tv/JS1BAw
Who's ready to get their reggae on tonight?
at least the riots are sure to die down heading into the fourth day...no one involved have ever had a job for a full work week.
thanks for the help!
needs to buy Final Cut Express pronto.
Never got an email from you. Please re-send to
Enjoy!!! RT : Outside Petco Park in San Diego at 1st time to Petco and Tilted Kilt. Very, very happy so far
thanks for the tweet, guys!
uhh oh :O
I am chica!!!
goo morning!
“: My heart aches. Eat before they close Mar 31. Love to Maggie and Christine. ” / :(
Kidz Bop N*ggas in Paris: What’s Oodle, my Noodle? What’s Toaster, my Strudel? What’s drawing, my doodle? What’s that puppy, a poodle?
actually I had the tweet of "well crap" typed. I was shocked. All this Gtown talk had me guessing. Another big recruiting year.
Yoga in the morning to prevent back pain. Prevention is the key.
yay my local pho place has decided to buck tradition and serve vegetarian pho! going to try it tomorrow!
We can only be what we give ourselves power to be.
Wasn't it amazing?? It was one of my favorites of #oscar season - and I saw 60 of 61 nominees :)
Now officially a member of Olathe South's chapter of NHS.
The deal is done. Time to film the show.
But not THAT pair!! I need those illusion Loubs in my life.
I parked in South because I missed the North one, but it worked out because my college session was in Duncan Hall next to it.
it's cute!
take it easy on Bill DQ haha!!
Your world is crumbling, but you tell me to smile.
"text me from your iPod, it makes life easier" obviously not because you still never message me back AUDREY
RT The greatest things happening in education are by visionary teachers
Going backwards always give cues about moving forward.
No one ever said life was easy, but several people did say you were
Rainy and cold in Seattle - perfect kind of day to snuggle up with a vampire book.
Thank you for spreading the word
Neck is killin right now, could use a nice massage but what I really need is a sledgehammer to even things out
#WordPress #Tools Comment Highlighter – Styles comments based on the author’s name, email, or URL.
Great nite of fights @ Ufc versus and a great time showtime sports bar
Rest In Peace Whitney Houston
I would love a patch for my jiujitsu gi
Some jerk has been retweeting nonsense in the name of pen4rent. So I just changed my password. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Is anyone in need of an "OLD SCHOOL" country drummer?
Ok. Tired. Coffee...
awesome, definitely interested! I do public relations, copy writing, a little web (Wordpress) and more!! :)
I support niggas who support me, ya feel me mayne?
I want a panda hat ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy hour from 3 to 7! Then hang out for some live music by The Benjamins!
I love my grandma so much she always knows what to say
maybe you should lay down the quarter pounders with cheese and hit the gym. Maybe then you'll fit in my 7-shirt clothing "line"
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
what would you like?
That sounds so strange although I often get and enjoy cola on the nose of Malbec
Don Cornelius. I use to watch Soul Train all the time. Loved his voice and delivery. Plus the sweet animated graffiti train during intro
RT : If I'm ever homeless, My sign will say "betcha can't hit me with a quarter
I am hosting a "Dress for Success" seminar on 11/17 @ 1pm at PSA Financial & Insurance Services. Please RSVP if you plan to attend.
so weird not talking to my boyfriend all day...
I'm trying to build a supporter section.
You'll never find REAL love until you find yourself ;)
You don't have to answer this but in your honest opinion which MB person do I look better with? And I will tell you who you look good with:)
": Memorable sight at 's arena: Romar celebrating after passing to Bennett for an on-the-money 3-pointer before practice."
Unlimited Ride Wristbands on Sale for only $18.99!
thinking to make #TeamGiada you need whitening tooth paste and a foreign accent. Bring on real cooks!
Hahahahaha Dumb woman just failed her polygraph on Dr. Phil. So typical.
Sad. Wonder what he would've thought. Gets better and better with every viewing.
please tell me that theaters of the future have bars in them. ;)
What is going on in Shenzene, China..
I'm sure there are a lot more little monsters whose names are Jimmy as well. But I'm a Princess.
#datanewoil all of our concepts about privacy are all based on shared PHYSICAL space - translation problem to online world
Just met with and we are very excited about our potential partnership!
Tweet tweet, every time I come aground ya city!
Thank you for all you do! Please keep us posted on your status and please hurry home!
What is the best gift you ever received for Christmas?
I'll drive the golf cart! Or u can teach me golf.
Damn I jus remembered I 4got to make my hair appt smh
work"meeting/learn how to mak cookies" hm okay#atleast im getting paper
Guess who is finishing demos up Thursday???
Jonathan, please give me a call when convenient. The whole bluetooth marketing has taken on a great new twist. 612.275.0943
So pleased you enjoyed your meal at Sweet Mango Café.
Definitely not, but it's early. It can turn around, right?
I'm not 16 and pregnant lol
Your little moods irritate me sometimes.
Check cashed..car washed..hair cut..new fit...and a fresh batch of George Kush SHOWTIME
well not all day just all evening LOL
@ Very Attractive
Guess what? The USA ANC Steering Committee Meeting is currently in session. Regions and organizations are coming together to plan year...
what a timeline of reformatting mistakes
I wake up and realize that and have been running for an hour already. GOOD LUCK!
You're ex-girlfriends cover picture is still you two making out... We're nothing yet but i Dont know how I feel about that
That night is still clear as day.
Mr.Rizo will you be my sugar daddy?
Does Sigur Ros count? It's another language, even if they made it up.
your a woman, it doesn't matter aslong as you support the boyz you're still an ICONiac no matter how old,young or sex you are
Iam as boerd as a fat kid with bowl of vegetables
I think I'm on my period.
Produce with Krayzie Bone of Bone Thugs-n-Harmony! Post on their wall to request God's Anointed Soldiers.
RT : “To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Obesity and inactivity to overtake tobacco as risk factor for cancer. Such an easy fix=>Get our ass UP!
Me and you, setting in a honeymoon If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
My guy kenny smith got attacked by a hand bag
My personality is who i am, but my attitude depends on who you are.
Never Be The Same just started playing on my Pandora
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be
#BlackBerry wins the #CNNdebate!
I'll let u kiss the ring but you'll never touch the crown
The bravest people dare to be themselves and choose not to care what others think.
Would love to see some industry folks at Wednesday's Engame performance. Talk-back and drink on us after the show. PAY-WHAT-YOU-CAN
What's up?:D
Ahh I forgot to wash my hands!! D:
hates morning sickness!
Do you have any information about an Apartment fire in Lewistown early this morning?
Sorry, I've been in a search committee vortex. I'm just doing LOEX of the West and ALA this year, but thx for thinking of me!
Twitter wars with Sandra ...and we're right next to eachother...you gotta love us xD
ha, oh I was about to say...
fuck em.. inconsiderate unprofessional sons of bitches...
I can't tell if my sock is inside out or not..
Texas cowards. You'll need to pitch to Pujols tomorrow.
This is the hunger in action...$3 in the bank, $1.00 in my pocket, and I get paid for a full week at midnight
Have two tickets to a play in NoHo and my date can't make it. Anybody want in?
Going to NEW YORK CITY December 19th *CHECK* Staying in Times Square *CHECK* B-Chapman & J-Biebs? We'll have to wait and see. Video to come
RT : " my #PureVolumebestunsigned09 pick is purevolume.com/thebaystate ! For A Free Copy of our New Song "LIARS!"'
Cinco de mayo has gone too far today I saw a mexican an his senorita ridin a horse !
O intrigue! RT : Tomorrow is the biggest shoot of my life. I'm excited and can't wait to share it with you all.
ouch! Cute color ;-)
": The thirst for skylar diggins is funny" she is bad tho
How can rock music be bad? I thought God was the Originator of ALL music.
As it's now March, I will once again remind myself to have a Shamrock Shake and forget it.
Oh. I guess that's what I get for getting my news sources from #SNL. Haha
Why why why just STFU and do your hair so I can go to school
Can't concentrate. My mind is already home in PGH this wknd. I also spent my lunch playing Just Dance in my living room..alone.
Parent conferences <<<<
Listening to "Blame Game" by Kanye West ... coffee, ... laptop via hdmi + flat screen ..., live, work, play
WWE NXT: O’Neil Snaps, Pummels Watson
Ppl want laws to prevent something good. Marriage based on love & commitment. Yet do we persecute people for premarital sex? Adultery?
i think i can see that lol
LOL! Bitter, party of one! ;).
We've just uploaded 7 new live videos from our Nov.18th show with the Koffin Kats. Click the video tab on the music player to watch!
What do you want to eat?
Dear Lakers: not the first quarter you wanted.
Wow. Cliner it just keeps getting worse. How are ya
(In a small child's voice) I just came to say, thank the Lord for Easter Sunday!
Congratulations! That's very exciting for your company!
sorta disappointed in #Obama for the first time ince '08, getting tired of giving in, wish would grow a set..
You gotta finish the drive!
come visit me tonight !:)
Thanks for your leadership. Grateful to be part of your amazing team of leaders.
i think my next blog will be the ten commandments of the #SoundOffLine....think of it as a guide to get your call on air.
Thanks for following us! Make sure to check out our website, we will be launching deals in Indy this week!
If you do choose to rush, be yourself & join a group based on their values & goals. Both you and the chapter will be better off that way!
See you soon! I get in late tonight.
I get more pussy then you fool
I suppose it's just as well I lost the mayorship. Going on vacation for two weeks term-limited me.
haha funny.... Ps thanks for saving me
Ya know, if we ignore the fact that the map is at the location in question.
I’m #readytoroll with in Sec 110 Row H Seat 5-6
Sanctuary and something more civilized . NYC is shrouded in mist tonight.
not how I expected my morning to start but God knew what he was doing
I just had a really good idea for a screenprint.
Wow! Am I really stuck behind a damn garbage truck at 2am??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thanks Nick! Yep-- that's very true. It's the darkest song on the record. But I like it. It's got a wide emotional range to it.
I signed up to donate blood #YEAH im going to save 3 lives
ina drake mod
Seeing Abduction with :))
Looking for a great place to have a delicious meal with some good friends? 1/31 Chef's Tasting Dinner at the B is the place to be!
You know PBR is brewed by Miller, right?
Happy Birthday to one of our favorite tripod members!
Hm new twitter? Interesting.
If I had #OneWish you'd be my boo <3
Hark, the Herald Angels--No Wait, That's Just the Echoes of My Screams
Prayer, clean living.
I need to break in these records I got over the weekend you down?
our success actually hinges on our willingness to risk missing some information
Honesty is the hardest but most beautiful thing next to forgiveness.
My brains leaking no form of stopping. Burned from memories lost in confusion flings. Had my time of living fun now fun is with me smoking.
i got flaws yea im working on them to but knowing you having a problem an not tryna fix it is a big difference
Miss you logan, things will never be the same.
Tweet me a heart if you want me to DM (:
and/or trash can.
my first period <<
Packing tomorrow!
hey call me around ,7
I think I should re-think this twitter thing. It really brings home how little I have to say.
Even though I can't go to 's concert I'm so happy seeing how happy he is! You will do amazing on that stage!!<U+2764>
Whoa! show moved from to & more fix released. :) Anyone know what happened?
Excited to be NYC offices
Is life fair?
its the truth<3
Too little too late...
rt The Word of God is the basic parameters of Gods will 4 u. The Holy Spirit reveals His specific will for u.-Mac Hammond
Fish fry Cod. Perch. Bluegill. Walleye and haddock. Come on over.
I don't understand why I like you so much.
OMGPOP CEO Tries To Rectify His Reckless Twitter Comment The CEO of OMGPOP was pissed off at former employee Shay Pierce for deciding not
Groove Theory: Beck and D'Angelo - The FADER
I finished watching season 3 of Foyles War with Amazon Prime. Season 4 isn't free, it costs $7.99 an episode :-(
I just interviewed a great candidate, member of AKA in #NJ. #ADP is always looking to partner with great women for #sales!
whoever watches/will make it theirs
Broadway STAR! You better work. Congrats!
Sorry there is no stream of at this AM. Our broadband went down just as we were about to start! #GottaLoveTech!
I wont kill you is what all Minnesotans say to outsiders - its that Minnesota nice thing.
Now I know for a fact ima be on my rag, I'm being such a lil bitch "(
:) glad to hear it! thanks a bunch
I want a puppy..
indeed. Though I also have a cat that's going to start bugging me to feed him soon. He tried to steal my burrito earlier.
You live & ya learn. Either ya freeze or ya burn
Hello. I forgot to talk to you u.u I was bussy.
Just got word the new Starbucks Bar will be opening soon near Michigan & Adams.
Dream Girls rehearsal tonight was hilarious!!! I cant wait for the next one #gettingitin!!!!!
The 2012 US Cancer Diagnostics Market
“: I love tweeing it's like the world has been invited into my living room
Having the worst acne problem on my face EVER. My older sister stole my acne cleansing pads so i can't use them. UGH!!
Leaving church:)
loving what I'm hearing so far about my new phone. Can't wait to get it!!
It's like no matter when I go to bed I still wake up at 8:30 #why?!
How long will I have to be on the Pinterest waiting list! I'm pathetically getting impatient.
When you drop something right in front of you and it completely disappears
You have the voice of an angel. Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus.
his statement wasn't about the future... it was about the present, where we live now and should focus.
It's about to go down! Mindless behavior vs. OMG Girlz... DANCE BATTLE!!!!!!
Win or go home time gotta love it
Thrown across the room!
WINS a FREE OCDUSA INK tee for RTing (albeit a loong time ago) DM with size, color and addy. CONGRATS!
what time
haha! RT : Really really! Also, you share an issue with Lady Gaga's beauty tips "I agreed to a thr33some..."
I do to!
I will for sure :) I called you earlier mr! call me back :)
"Your wife has a lovely neck..." is number 7 on my Top 10 Things That Sound Complementary In My Head But Extra Creepy Out Loud.
I'm on the final stretch of edits for the release of my NEW book. These new additions were the missing link! Pastors & churches get ready!
Now watching #talkingdead Worked nightside 2nite & will be dayside 2morrow..staying up is a bad idea. Who needs sleep tho?
P.S. Was truly a unique cinema experience. So fun being a spectator in that theatre and with that crowd! And that widescreen!
is promoting his product too much. I miss the classic
Any idea what side of #cowboysstadium is the #kstate side?
I Really love background picture and profile pic its much better and Different!
Lee was all heart and still has legs that work!
Awesome Peter! I will watch for them. Remember only 30 minutes of sun on each side at a time...or you might get burnt :)
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1970 "ABC" by the Jackson Five was released.
All followers; please head over to follow as we are no longer monitoring this account....thanks!
I know we do for sure!! That would be so much fun
I miss u too
Aww, fuck it gimma that damn bucket. When I throw this Pussy you betta not duck it. ;p
#Lakers take on #Nuggets on game 4. #NBA Who will win?? (#Lakers #Nuggets)
You rock!
In this session, is on the panel and has a reputation among peers from high quality of his blog posts
fred perry twin tipped polos
George Carlin's "It's Bad For Ya!", Thera Flu, & <3 (altho I could do w/o the Thera Flu).
jake would it be nice if the #landlord told experian you paid the rent and your credit score improved
Thanks! We're staying 2months! Having a place for the kids 2 play is VERY important. Look forward 2 hear what can be done
I know I hope he tweets me :)!
Comedy Awards Honor Funny People at 2012 Ceremony
ROCKY! WHAT UP BOI!
Jeff Fisher, coach of Rams, looks just like Dave Preston...owner of gametime a few yrs bk in Milw....tuffest client i ever had
watching a casey anthony documentary
Greta enjoys the Stampede
Me "i wanna see dark shadows" you "go to africa at night" me "bahahaha I meant the movie dumbass" >>> this convo
#ThoughtsDuringSchool hmm, how should i mess with the teacher in next period... :P
you are ridic :-)
Thanks for the support Aidan ... and keep up your good work!
Ha! 5 years seems like a long time to get rid of cages.
Is there a story behind #44 high stepping. Everyone is cracking up here
Just took the wife's new X5 across Malibu Canyon! The new X5 v6 turbo handles like an M3 with no loss of power at any rpm!! Amazing suv!!!
you better! :)
At #webwise in Baltimore looking forward to first session, Gaming, History & Technology
Doesn't everybody's dad shut down a factory now and then?
Sindhi Curry, Rice, Aloo Tuk and a new episode of Grey's Anatomy... My sunday afternoon could not be more perfect!
I was truing to convince myself he actually meant Listach threw a no-hitter. For some reason that didn't seem as ridiculous.
If Knicks come back big in this series (unlikely), Stat's bandaged hand will be Curt Schilling's bloody sock in that improbable comeback.
Wow ppl dat I'm suppose 2 be cool wit going behind my back tryin 2 fuck my leftovers lol. Hello I'm still kool wit them dey tell me everthin
you are very welcome!
Thanks for your support of itchenSD!
I enjoy the taste, I don't think it does anything to my brain :-/
Our Justice System is one big fat joke!.....I thought it was innocent until proven guilty, not guilty until you can prove your innocent!..
I could of never guessed .. Iswear. & no matter what you say and thing about your self i think your the strongest person I've ever meet.
Thanks for the heads up. I signed up and will try to make it.
i love you buddy
Trying to get this film, "Make-Up" financed....!
RT : 7,600 kids signed up for Lemonade Day...and counting! We are picking up steam - 15,000 here we come!
I got a lot of work done today. Now on to my project -_-
In them thar hills.
How am I suppose to study for this final if he didn't even tell us what's gonna be on it?
clean it up bro! ...get with to clean up your digitals... web steez, video production, social media... all that!
oh cool, did they let you put up a tent? Sorry I'm asking so many questions! X
I'm considering doing an hour intro to Backbone.js at tomorrow or wednesday. Who's interested?
We decided that cast member looks like Steve Buscemi, but is much better looking.
I have decided that, if I brand myself, then I can enjoy a new logo, new look, new life. I am well on my way.
"As a painter I shall never signify anything of importance." Vincent van Gogh
#shitiheardumbfuckssay he's not black he's lightskin. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Oh, I guess is just smarter than this council or has stash of cash for potholes
l’Alliance Française de San Diego offers a widvariety of French classes & cultural events. Meet them at 57 Degrees April 13
its where I live. Can't help it.
tweets to much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I really don't want to spend the night in the Charlotte airport. Who's got an update on the storms in RIC?
m yes clementine!
haha right not just me my whole fam bam is a little crazy lol you should see my sister ! Lol
We are praying for y'all!
Sw people just get a lil to excited !!
TGIF. Enjoying a peaceful afternoon with my wife and daughter after a long work week.
Thanks. RT : Wonk will work, Great job!
Please do! We'd love to see you!
Unfollowed me huh ? fuck your life. (Also this was the only way I could find you) so yeah with that being said. I'm out
2 or 10, #revolution ain't counting! I'm a busy girl #Sunday is a lil break day...
A prominent #law firm is actively seeking a #Records Specialist in #DC! Submit your #resume for consideration!
Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky & see a star..
Happy Thanksgiving all. We have a few short months until #rugby starts up again!
BUT at the moment in listening to the radio guess the song that comes on as soon as I touch it.
Off to hell. I mean math. later everyone.
I've seen ANGELS twice. :) RT : Has anyone ever seen a Ghost?
Must RT w/in 2 hours. Winner chosen by random draw! Good luck!
holy balls!
anyone know flight/hotel info for the boys when they come to NYC
Dental Tip: No sugar or honey in your coffee or tea. Use sugar substitutes instead.
That definitely doesn't matter!
I'm loving it!
oh come on, when your a fan of this team, they are guilty of having nobody until proven innocent or otherwise, no big surprise
Happy New Year!
RT : Okay - this girl is leaving the office...NOW --> Have a great weekend Jamie!
Still dying of heat. Oh MY Gosh It is HOT
Because of its superficial theology, evangelicalism is cracking up.- Scot McKnight
Didn't know Spike Lee directed it, but love the State Farm commercial!
we appreciate you!
Avoiding bias is the job of the judge and the jury, not the prosecutor. I'm pretty sure she thinks he's committed a crime...
:) I might...I would love to get out the house..how far are u from me?
My first celebrity follower!!
There is NO WAY that America has reconciled post-Civil War/Rights, if #TrayvonMartinMurder can happen & we need talks on fear of being Black
Goodnight tweeters!!
Twitter on the new new tablet, #awesome!
true. Eric J. Your year. It was eric similac & me. Lol only 2 erics in 08. I left to atlanta junior year
Starting this week. Going to NC Mountains, but am working on other places.
Crying in the boys club is absolutely NOT ALLOWED.
"Share eat-in kitchen and adult-sized bathroom with mature, open-minded, male entertainment professional you would rarely see."<- I'll pass
I LOVE YOU. IM WISHING YOU WOULD FOLLOW ME. EVEN NOTICE ME?????
ha ha! What the hell did I do?
Who doesn't know what band Cass was in omfg smh @ those people
Id rather NOT have the true center camera. I had to switch to MASN just to shut Brownie, Walk ad Potash up. Root Sports just blows so bad.
Just scares me to think what I'd do without him. Need to realize its the least of my worries though.
how r u feeling
Happy birthday bro
's parents are coming on town tonight for her wknd-of-going-away-fun! FX weather is sunny and warm for them.
Good luck. You only live once. You will do great.
Merry Christmas, everyone! Happy Hanukkah, everyone! Best wishes to one and all!
hello my name is ameenikoal n I would love to work with can I plz get more info
Great discussion tonight about the porn industry @ Gentlemen meeting. Do you think feminist porn is possible and what does it look like??
Exactly why wouldn't it be? What's the difference, precisely? And what harm does it do to extend equality to everyone?
Love him or hate him; I saw this coming which is why I drafted him. They lost but T.O. is still the man. Age is just a number.
I beg to differ with you bro! U have more musical qualities I wish I had....
No, they informed me they cant make it..
Im great. What about you?
Repete s'il vous plait: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
My husband, is a Twitter virgin. Let's all give him a pile-on, shall we?
Just woke up
It's my super hero identity!
I guess I don't need to be married to sing to my man, so my next serious relationship.
RT : #tutorial 5 top tips for working with Gimp: I know that a lot of you use Gimp and, in the interests of taking a ......
Help me understand why we should not be saddened by Pres O. Not his deal, plan, ideal, leadership, resolve and unemployment worsens.~Don
": "You wait for a voice like that for a lifetime." -- Clive Davis #Whitney"
What a wonderful day!
dang! i wont be able to go ): i live in washington state... and i dont think my mom will let me go to cali ):
#thingsyoushouldntsay : "That's so gay!" when you don't like something. It hurts.
come on, come on whats a boy to do when all the pretty girls can't measure to you
Dwight Bullard speaks on the importance of the black vote.
Hahahaha love that tweet
": RT : BREAKING Judge rules in favor of Deion Sanders. He gets protective order against Pilar "
Whereas Vegas...got a place to stay, and 5,000 men for drinks. All I need is a ride and some clothes.
Cant wait to see my boos this weekend
USPTO Rejects 'Old Havana' Rum Trademark As Misleading. The USPTO ruled that the mark's association with Cuba was geographically deceptive.
Thanks Todd
Thanks for the great info, and for passing along the BBQ love!!
great question - well over 300 DFW peeps! BIG TIME!
i love your music man
Watching laugh at my pain
"Instead of thinking outside the box, just get rid of it."
Real Girlfriend : Calls You for NOTHING , Texts You al the time, Wants to see you, Cries, Gets Jealous, Over protective & LOVES YOU. <3
is the first I-Tunes gift card winner today! Please DM us your e-mail address so we can contact you about sending your prize.
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Be safe out there people!!!
"I'm in band." "Oh yeahh! You play that thing squidward plays!" Lol. Fcking
ha, I'm on the same boat, but time heals :D
All Time Low
belated thanks for the RT!
Super, hey contact us, we could use some new beats, show us what you got?
The bar is stocked for tomorrow's show. 4 kinds of wine, Stella Artois, Sam Adams, Boh and Pikesville Rye.
If you buy a house that has been foreclosed on as an investment you should be haunted by the ghosts of the previous family’s dreams.
Stop by our Facebook page for pictures from #Interbike! Awesome show, lots of great new stuff.
So true. And Star Trek comic books should be taught in high schools.
It's not you. I feel like I've been at work for 20 hours now...
that's awesome! RT I got my tweet read on the morning show. I am such a geek!!
I hate slow highways! Stupid construction!
If strength of schedule attains primacy in the redrawn rankings hierarchy of criteria, goodbye FCS cupcakes.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning. -Ivy Baker Priest
awesome, I wish we were getting that here.
Home and unpacked from Los Angeles. 4:49am and time for sleep. See you tomorrow!
My 15 yr old twins with autism have been bullied many times. It sickens & frightens me especially when a child is nonverbal.
RT : Just played an awesome show on the street
Just met with Patti Green of "Ginger Kids". She teaches families to engage kids in dinner prep, so they learn where food comes from(MORE)
Wendy Williams gave a shout out to Twinkies!
Sometimes you just gotta rub one out and goto sleep that's my motto for life
If you haven't already, open our freezer for a sweet surprise! ;)
Spending tonight drinking beer from Great Lakes Brewing Co while wearing my great lakes t shirt. It's a theme night!
Pandora will get me through today.
I hate the The zombies that work here are worthless.
Welcome back from spring break!
Sorry y'all! My ONE video has taken all day to upload and it still isn't done:( Hopefully up by tomorrow!! <3
How have storms been treated in the history of art, I wonder?
I'm probably the last person that watched and do the #catdaddy? Life is complete. I'm ready for the next one!
Google's answer to Facebook and more, connects to other Google services
your welcome :)
If either Axford or K-Rod were to falter, Veras also appears to be capable as a potential closer. Nice luxury.
I got a ground hog for a pet!
HOLD EM BABY!!!!
those random i love you's >>> :D
IKEA is coming out with a line of flatscreen TVs. Do you have to use a hexagon wrench to change channels??
Can we agree now giving Lebron 3 MVPs is a sham to the historical records of professional basketball?
actually gearing up for game 4. This effort is pathetic.
We think Market is pretty amazing too!
Hi, I'm the lakers, and I like to have 4 guys on defense and let one guy dribble into the lane uncontested.
It will never happen! Never! He wont even be the nominee for republicans. He wont even be the VP choice.
I do not approve of this
Very thankful for the troops and the sacrifice.
where tf did i do wit my phone when i came in last night
Your safety is our serfty
where should I go if I still need to study (aka not my bed) but also need to rewatch Centurion? Actually a conundrum...
Foul on the Panthers gives #Butler the ball back with 3:46 to play. Correction on score, dogs down 1 point 46-45. Media Timeout
Can't believe surprised me with tix while I was making breakfast. Finally get to see The Jesus & Mary Chain.
Ah This essay is such a drag! Ha and keeps distracting me!
PORTRAIT OF THE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR with Washington Symphonic Brass, Nov 6th. PUT THIS ON YOUR CALENDAR.
hahahah they love getting ne on camera.
I haven't talked to you in a good six months are you have the audacity to say that to me? Who do you think you are?
Send me to Sydney & - sta.travel/tweet4seats
is following ME?!!!!!! WOW :) please tell me this is not a joke?!! <3 Big Smiles from Brenna~
Hey adam u think clay matthews wont play at all?
RT : #np Kingdom in the Valley Christian Church & Worship Leader, – I'll Wait on
Family Fun today 11-2 with Mimi Chenfield. Children of all ages will explore creative movement!
The other prob is we have 3 buildings so its to much $ to get annuals for each and if they did cut out a lib, mine is the small 1
incidentally, the hashtag #inandout totally doesn't mean what i originally assumed it did. -lisa
I wanna find you so bad, and let you know I'm miserable up here without you.
Prepping my first assignment outline for first teaching gig. The authority is already making me uncomfortable.
because we were put on earth to create - selling stuff is manmade - but if u wanna eat...
Ooh, just got a comment!! :D
you prompted me to go to their website. That chef's pick pizza looks amazing!
Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score
MT Nick () says working on a project helped him think about book-writing and narrative in new ways. Yes.
enjoy it's a great movie! Alcohol & pizza will definitely help though.
And now it's sunny. You can thank me for that.
I hate that I'm no longer the reason why you smile
An old quote about more than programming: "I don’t know what language engineers will use in the future, but I know they’ll call it Fortran."
"No sports betting experience needed.I will hold you by the hands and guide
Reading "How to be Black" on the flight to ATX. Looking forward to meeting at SXSW.
even though you are ecstatic, please don't stop being angry! :)
I love seeing the guys in :) they are always so sweet and awesome for remembering who we are!
Thx 4 the RT - will post 'managing your digital footprint' presentation on next week, w/ pics!
that moment when u get your relationship advice from Tré Melvin ....best choice ever!!
maybe her old albums, the new stuff is awful!!
My new hero is Rob Mulligan! =D
wore the pashmina a frnd got me from a women's co-op in Morocco. started my exciting new job. Not too shabby for the beginnings of fall. :)
Just played "No Church In The Wild" & "Homecoming" back to
Walker uses & trusts their #'s when they make him look good....but distrusts them when they don't work in his favor
I'm laying with jon<3 you missed out
Now that's interesting: I can now use PayPal at Home Depot. cc
where are you at.....i been calling u
15 tornadoes in the area today. Felt lucky before, now I really, really feel lucky.
I still have that burn mark on my arm from falling on Dave's car
Where are you?!
Camino al Airport de regreso a New York!
Another huge thank you to all those who came to the IMAX private screening in Raleigh! Keep in touch new followers!!
YOUR FUTURE: You've felt bad before, but usually for the wrong reasons. If you feel bad today it will be for terrific reasons.
lol why did you take my live good sir?
Happy Thanksgiving!!! Hope everyone enjoys some time with the family! Also think of me while you are eatting because I have to work:(
and 50 seconds, of course!
it means what it means? idk. its not important.
RT : getting ready to head down to for an education forum to talk about w/ and
next show is July 10th at Hard Rock...hope you can make it!
I hate when I say I don't miss you & I really do.
Which beach did you go to earlier today? Was it nice out? :)
lol. Hahahaha. Just joking. I wasn't gonna do that either. We str8! In the gym now w/ u no who!
not just working hard working
YOU ARE THE REASON YOU ARE WERE YOU ARE
IT'S OFFICIAL! GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.
will check it out!
I was just thinking yesterday that needed to get on Twitter. Welcome to the madness, Rachel!
If you wear BootyPop jeans, BumpIts, or Pajama Jeans
stage AE this summer?
Yes, of course.
oh my god!! I haven't used twitter in months but I have to reply to that. We are too cute.
InchXInch PoundXPound Until I'm Finished #BeastMode doesn't sleep I just finished a 6.17 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
cool and Washington like always :p haha about you?
You look beautiful! :)
At the beer & spirits fest, making Bloody Larrys (sub white whiskey for vodka) for the people. J/K making them for me. No one's here yet.
What would you like to see more of at fashion events? ... we're always looking for fresh ideas :)
the british invasion invaded me <3
The #Redsox Bullpen strikes again.
yeah for "Together"
SO EXCITED FOR MY COUSIN'S GRAD PARTY BECAUSE IT'S A POOL PARRY. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
1 hour left in the Not-About-Matt Tweetup! Come say hello. And goodbye.
What time will it B when and going to b Ustreaming in Chicago IL?????
Hands shakin, hearts racing wishing my baby would talk to me....
RT : Here till last call. At Starbucks. #partylikeajournalist - wild lives those hounds lead....
Final Follow Friday of the Semester: ,
Sorry to hear that! We’ll definitely consider adding more Zipcars and or new locations in Federal Hill. Thanks for the suggestion!
The packing begins...
Newt should be glad he wasn't given the Santorum treatment.
holy shit....RT also means re tweet. Re tweet Rowdy Time!!!! :) 90s tonite?
Goodnight World and to those Still Up from Little Weapons !
staying in town this year for the holidays. i couldn't leave again this year knowing how many jobs are left behind! ;)
Love that line.
Like trivia? We have it almost every night at www.dealshow.com. Check it out, you may win something!
And my luck - I'm usually in a hurry when I get behind peeps like that! Oh wait - I'm always in a hurry!
yes & no, agree cool things happening, but users are not builders/engineers- structure, funding, support still matter
Feeling refreshed after a nice morning hike
Just watched Clerks 2. Mallrats is by far Kevin Smith's best movie IMHO. I think I just lost some indy points by not saying Clerks...
you're welcome! Happy Birthday!
took two - what the box said to take.
Thanks to the hard work of our web wizard, the site is becoming social media savvy! How great is that?
outscored the #Heat 58-37 in the second half. Man, was absolutely erupting in that 4thQ tonight. Pleasure to witness.
U.S. auto rebound boosts railroads Railroads in North America are piggybacking off a resurgence in auto sales that's generating the most
help me gain more followers
A little something like that
#WeAreMarquette - #jaemazing - #mubb - so proud of the win. what a game. double double in the first half was a definite plus!
#uxdrinkinggame If you say that you build websites, and someone asks "So if I need my computer fixed...?", do a shot. /cc
#ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror damn, when did you start lookin' so foxy. ;P
Very exciting.
": I really really really fuckin hate LSU" common emotion about the greatest team of all time!
Thank YOU RT : Great time at Gala. Glad to serve up some Tunisian Flanken (Short Ribs). Thanks!
Yay!I can't believe that my mom brought us burger king!Yummy!
where is yall's game at?!?
Thank you : From the best fans in hockey for your tremendous season!
I was thinking of doing the same. Any insights?
my timeline = chaos.
DYK? Zeta Phi Beta was founded at Howard University ..
HAHAHA I KNOW HE WILL
;P Airsoft Mesh Mask Review ( Army of Two) masks
of course! Thanks for the opportunity and the $80 in credit. Looking forward to digging in.
We're playing a dangerous game here...
they are reversible! Brilliant. What glue works best for glass?
#NeverBe afraid to tell someone how you feel about them, because you never know if you'll get that chance again
Wow, even in the city a little bit of nature exists. A hummingbird just flew through my balcony to pollinate the pepper plants.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day! Remembering our troops past/present and how lucky we are to be Americans!
Females that smoke weed >>
halvo on shalvo: "that's how it goes"
Saturday morning workouts-- #besbodybootcamp- who's with me ?
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
Ultimate laziness... I want to walk two blocks to Bruegger's... but don't think I can manage the cold.
lol looser. Elana better come back to life. Omg
Are you on FaceBook? Look for our page - OptionsTradingSystem (all one word). See you there!
Ah. Orlando does have amazing food. And on the topic of all this food, my diet starts tomorrow.
Hehe, Yeahh. (: I Hope He See's It!
This is the first time that Krista has called me cool..usually she says I'm lame!Thanks for admitting it Kristopher!
The meaning is in the punctuation. Get sexy, kids. Or get (some) sexy kids. You be the judge.
i just don't believe anything you tell me.
Knock em dead on the big stage
New recording is up! Beneath This City's "Redeemer" sounds great, check it out!
~could you have faked that clap anymore after brad and carrie's performance?
when u coming over
submitted for white collar and law and order for feature sag scale. Crossing fingers. Have a good feeling will get l&o
Oohhh come on !!!
#FF friends seen again
Of course. The ONE time I don't check my braces before I go out in public, there's junk all up in em #embarrassing #whydidntsomeonetellme?
I wasn't curious at all but someone mentioned it to Geoff and now I am grossed the fuck out!
Thanks by the way...you know what im talking about.ha.
Why did they wait so long to make an appearance to the public? The first few days are the most crucial!
how was selena's concert? I mean, how was canada? Awks.... Lmao.
Asking a question is easy. Hearing the truth isn't.
You guys are awesome!
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start. RT : If someone says 'contra' -- what does that mean to you?
Putting all of Bob Dylan on shuffle is so weird.
First an American version of Skins...and now an American version of Torchwood? What British show will we ruin next?
so true.
goal was sick babe!!!))))
Diane keaton on colbert was without a doubt one of the wierdest interviews I've ever seen
Sometimes you just have to say no...
Why do donuts have holes?
everyone says this!
Are any LA #bcsm folks doing the Revlon Run/Walk on May 12? I'm thinking of forming a team, but will join one if you already created one.
Do you believe in monogamy?? Or free love...?
Preparing for a great conference
Shannon Briggs Is Worth Risking 2 Boxing Betting Units at +950 Moneyline to upset Vitali Klitschko
At #wondercon it's about 1/2 the size. But the smell of nerd is strong as the force.
I'm almost positive I'm going to daily my geometry final exam tomorrow.
Happy wedding weeked &
about to eat some pre race wawa... 5k pr must be getting close !!
SO to #BoysOfWinter. Heck of a run, gentlemen. Believe it or not, this WILL make you stronger. Some of life's best lessons are hard ones.
what ever happened to 's green light up bass??
I'm done with games on my cell phone I think. I'm all about it for a couple weeks and then I just stop and all my games forfeit. Ah well.
RT : still the best drummer alive...yea I said it//Awww thanks!!!
I checked the squad out yesterday homie, good shit.
I was rooting for New England (Tom Brady, really)... Maybe next year.
Honestly, no one gives a shit so you can shut up anytime now...
raw time
Excuse me while I listen to Coldplay!
#hgsaconf why not just purchase a French Bible?
After seeing that post, I went there to get a dress for our May 18th event. So many choices! #gloparty ~T
read Bill See's book "33 Days" - i highly recommend - about a band on the road - you will love it~
looking forward to them! putting this one on my reading list!
Fingers officially too swollen to wear wedding rings. Too nervous to wear them around my neck. I can just hear the scandalous rumors now...
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can. Will Rogers
Jalen mentioned Scalabrine and indirectly called him a scrub. Stephen A called him on it but he kept going
i am in love with that song and i sing itt everyday
"different people like different things"
I think everything will come out, it has too especially considering he's possibly looking at the death penalty
Mother Teresa~ Action quotesSuccess usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it
It's a beautiful morning.. doesn't a song start out like that?
up listening to john legend
A really nice, cool
anything and everything is a "that's what she said" joke.
Michele-with-one-l-Bachman's Few Day of Swissness is just weird. Doesn't it violate a pledge? America wasn't good enough for her?
Should be a 4 minute.
Oh your a fan of one direction? WRONG. Your a directioner.
I dont think I can do that.
Dead phone, but I was there to worship
these are the selections for the NCAA tournament. Don't worry about what round it is. Just that it's Thursday in Portland.
Congrats Big win for Austin Peay today over the Vols!
Just doesn't endm! that place, then THAT place. Now here? O o o.
All day without a phone can drive a woman insane!! Thank goodness all is back to normal. I have a phone again!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Nancy Pelosi-John Boener's refusal to issue rebuttal is a rebuttal. Hopefully the majority of Americans will too. You belong in jail!!
Started watching the anime "Spice and Wolf." Pretty good so far! Loving the music especially! And now I must eat an apple!
what? I don't get it! <AB
why of course, im doing it right now as i type and no one's even listening to anything. in fact im alone at the office!
Up and away June 12th egh! one album I'm looking forward too!
text me.
RT : 1st round. Beer. as a brewsmith I can admit that I'm about to get really really picky.
Glad I'm not at campus conference because I'm all about constant coughing at moment. Attendees also happy I'm not there.
If you break the law on Leap Day, can you use the "it's not even a real day so it doesn't count" defense in court? Let's find out.
why is there not a blu-ray of Spielberg's MUNICH yet? It's times like these I wish hd-dvd had won over North America
hi . my name is sotong ? your name? ( potong sotong )
I dont know how i got this way I'll never be alright
I do, and just in case you don't... I was hitting on you.
New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Bradley Scott. Coming April 2012!!!
can someone, someone please tell me where i went wrong? and how many more times will I have to sing this same old song?
Who durant thought he was wit dat shot ? L ma o
It's hotter than a sauna!
It's an exciting team that just got even better.
yep. Hope we keep it up!!
I'm thinking it's her too! And I love how we just keep tagging Ollie :D
Yes, I can confirm the extremely large ribbons they are all wearing are indeed bulletproof
What means the world to me family and friends
Sad sad news about Steve jobs.
Still booths available for Sci Fi Expo! Prices start @ $200!
"I'm just gonna go grill some steaks in your honor" I don't blame you, steaks sound a lot better to me too. ;)
“: Wish would shut the hell up”haha!!!
a crepe
Congrats, Annie! You totally deserve it. :)
HOLY SHIT ROBERT PATTINSON IS ONLY 10 YEARS OLDER F YEAH BRAH
we are on our way with 4 straight losses
Proved today that just because your good at Wii bowling, doesn't mean you will be good at real bowling. #iwin!
Looks like you were right. Best news #BillsMafia has received maybe ever.
I have a sister again today! Welcome back and on CINCO DE MAYO
interesting FT stat from IU game - Seniors were 0-4, non-Seniors were 15-15
Happy Birthday to my ace the big 21, we about to ball hard!!
It's nice to see people out on the plaza today enjoying lunch, makes me think it's spring already!
You dont put team mates against team mates :o wtf
THIS IS THE PART OF ME THAT YOUR NEVER GONNA EVER TAKE AWAY FROM ME NO!
Ugghhhh. Damn you VS.... Waking up to work this early SUCKS
Thank you to all our new followers and fans. We hope to bring you some fresh new content soon! We are working hard over here.
Thank you! W gratitude RT U are loved and read
I so badly want to live in New York. :(
Sweet, looks nice.
Great question!
Don't miss 's #Christmahanakwanzika celebration on Friday! The fun starts at 9pm in the AMU.
lol thats not what i ment! I ment its not true that i dont like yall that much!
Debating in gettin some grub..
RT : If you're struggling while making 50, move to the souf. --even in the south, $50K can't take u that far cc:
Thx for following us & ! We.greatly appreciate it.
My throat feels better!! :)
happy mother's day beautiful!.<3(: have an amazing day with you're lil princess.(: stay strong as always.(: love you!!^.<3
Wow the traffic......
Thank you for the compliment.
26 states, from California to Maine and from South Dakota to Georgia embrace #sciencestandards://tinyurl.com/7j83f99
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other thing. Abraham Lincoln
Book! On what?
Check your DM's.
at times
omg.. Tumblr is the shit! I just need to focus on more important things :)
right? I don't see anyone planning anything that could end with a fucking disaster
time to eat hot chips to make my throat feel better...<3
Sleeping with no pants, no undies, no shirt.. completely naked
I know right?! RT : How do all these college athletes afford so many tattoos?!
That picture of Jamyn cracks me up everytime!!!
Today is what I like to refer to as a 'Pajama Executive' day. Because work need not include actual pants.
Dissapointed with this day....it's just sucked. Headache is killing me..blackhawks lost...have a shit load of homework...I miss Nathan. :(
Your negative attitude towards things is why I turn off ESPN after Mike&Mike. Stop treating caddies like lower class people!
Have you planed a Cash Mob yet?
Congrats to our 48 our music video team for winning Best Film and Cinematography. See ours "Up up and I" and others at musicfromtheq.com
Oh, now I get it. Hipsters are hip because they don't know they are hip.
My name is Danny B. i'm very short as you can see, i need a ladder to reach the toilet so i can go motha fuckin pee!
I'll take another one!!
If you need a recommendation for a web host, contact Black Kat Studio at or (352) 369-9607.
Sure can!
indeed it was. Come celebrate with Us in DC
thank you! Yes, you were a trooper...I'm gonna have a preview for you soon.
No studio work today. Writing copy for a big fundraiser happening in May- A Slice of 1946 - radio shows - music - culture - sports - news
I should've known something was up when asked to be forgiven...
Girls are giggles with freckles all over them. ~
0-3. Game against the pistons is just what the doctor ordered
Gotta look for a second job
just in case your spring break tans have worn off, I have plenty of instant bronzer left.
i watched TED talk by Brian Greene and I now understand string theory (in a manner of speaking.
Isn't it. I saw it this morning and though how eye opening a statement it was!
. Some people make the world a better place, YOU are one of those people!
ill be 17 on oct 7 :)
Prouder father? Doc Rivers or Archie Manning?
Well, after working at golf courses for the past two years I am finally taking my first golf lesson on Monday!
Looking forward to connecting with a fellow Everett resident and inviting them to Isagenix.
I'm gonna go ahead and say that must have been having a sale today bc I've seen more Saks bags in #gct tonight than ever!
Ain't shit changed, ain't no ass kissing, ain't no begging. People learn not to try me, that's a known #fact !
1c coconut milk, 1c water, 8 dates, 1/2c sunbutter- food processor until smooth-then pour into ice cream maker. AMAZING
My brain is going to explode! (and yet, I find it all fascinating)
Making a spiritual contribution:The greatest and most effective leaders stay anonymous.
I seriously feel like shit right now . . . Mann <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I don't hate you, I never will. I just act like I do, because it's easier than admitting that I miss you.
"The KING has one more move" Killer preaching tonight by my man !
How was the publishing process? did you DIY or find a publisher? thanks!
Joel Ward is the answer to the Ultimate Question.
yeah like secret undercover ninja ha
what is it inbox me it
Damn just remembered I have to come to school Friday.
but I wanna learn how to dance like a Beyonce or Mcjagger.
Chrissy a fake B/you suppose to call me back-U didn't
Finally-great news! Thx 4 update, Terry. ": "24" movie will begin production in April or May. #kiefersutherland #TCA12 #knoxville"
We never lost it, just waiting for you to cash that check buddy =)
2 more hours till 12 o clock my bday and Mikey birthday and my mom yes gonna be 13 finally same with mikey
you working hard or what bro? You stay off twitter
you to
“: Mushroom & Foie Gras stuffed Quail with Pork Saucisson & Buttery Lentils” Yes, please!
So much traffic. Definitely forgot homecoming was this weekend.
make sure you guys check out our new song "Sky on Fire" Ft. and let us know what you think of it! www.inspireandinfect.com
This label project is boring as fuck and I have zero motivation to finish it.
I could never talk shit about someone and then act like were friends just not me bro
Birthers are racists. They believe Obama is not American because they don't want him to be. That makes them racist scum.
Louise Waite is taking her husband, Edgar, to meet 'Abdu'l-Bahá at the Plaza Hotel.
okay, but if I don't like them, you will be the first to hear about it!
Come Bowl the night away @ Frames on April 26th, 11pm-12am or 12am-1am with your fellow seniors!!!! Cost $12
What's the first thing you notice about a person? For us, it's their teeth. :)
Kinda tired of seeing 12 year olds take photos better then 18 year olds w/ film cameras
Ah, archiving emails. It's the little things in life :)
I guess thats my version of playing in the snow this year because there wasn't any to shovel.
RT Today ...wow....not much I can say..but WOW!
OH MY GOD. IM CRYING. WTF. TRAVIS CUT HIS BIEBER HAIR. OMG
Yayayaayayayayayayayayayy iPods not gonna be taken away, just phone (:
awesome episode of P&R. I was LMAOing and ROFLing and BBQing
Finally done with my freshman year of college, yet I still look like I'm 12.
People believe you need to give a team 40 games to see what u got Jang that what spring training is for
I'm in direct sales--- skin care.... also helping ds pros connect with their clients via cards and video emails.
Nice one! I like the Joe-ish blur in the background.
My parents called to say they were renting a boat today. I told them I have to give a speech and write a 5-7 page paper. FML.
I just love stress induced insomnia.
There is really nothing better then having down time. its really the only time of the day you truly are yourself. #whtdiduotoday?
Happy Friday.
re: -- right?! :) re: #cssts -- Thank you so much for coming, and glad you got something out of it!
at some point your going to have to relinquish your privilege of being the only woman there.
cash money young money$$$$$$$$$$$$$ im red hot welcome to dat hood
Sunglasses on or off? RT : Somewhere, at this very moment, David Caruso has his hands on his hips.
pshhh..that's wat they think...ha...if ur being caught being sneaky...then??...lol
watt really bo we wap ak suppose to go to Vegas
hey man I chipped my tooth in high school! Did you ever notice at AU?No! Because theres a god lookin cap on my front tooth haha
That was a crazy person. Me! It finally happened, I became that lady who yells out the window at people!
Going to try to sleep now, so goodnight. c: or... good morning, I guess. ha!
hey..its Kimya from Chicago...can you give Karyn Calabrese a call..she needs to speak with you...or hit me on facebook Kimya Norene
Sophia! You are incredible and you are an inspiration!!!!
Im just a humble mother fucka wit a big ass dick
Inspired by , I just resurrected and refactored all the ignored integration tests in my Rails project.
Best moment of the game has to be Torii Hunter saying "Wow" towards Ibanez's HR.
BIG CONGRATS!
old Chiodos will always be the shit.
you keep telling yourself that. Nothing says true fan like an empty deck on a 1st place club. Good luck making your $ back Gugg
Just ask the HR Director if she needed my email address for a proj. She smiled & said "I'm HR I can find you!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
(Anonymous) The only difference between stumbling blocks and stepping stones is the way you use them.
I wonder what's going on with G Road teams playing this weekend. Can someone give me an update?
Watching Spurs Insider In The Morning <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> >>>
Call ne
why do you promote race wars just to hold power? Why do You want innocent people to die?
Willy wonka and the chocolate factory is classic! Perfect Sunday
Yes, it is 15 days until Christmas....Breathe...It will all get done...
This is ridiculous no two hour delay even though everybody around does. Obviously no one cares about our well being
One of my promises to myself when I found out I was moving back to DC was that I would travel to NYC more often.
Marriott Pinnacle, Opus, Westin Grand, Shangri La are all pretty solid. Staying on the harbor at Fairmont, etc. is great, too.
ps. I see from your recent tweets that you are a Unibroue fan...I knew we like you guys for a reason!
eating food
The Last Nigga On Earth Starring Tom Hanks-
I am excited for a new month to begin. I set my intentions, write out my goals, visualize myself succeeding and take inspired action.
v me out bih this nigga try a sell out bout me working at subway but he 26 and can't even get our on his own.
Me too. He was a good young player that had his career cut way too short.
You are so sweet. I want us both nominated and at the ceremony.
how much
holy shit..just realized i met friday with and too cool. humble dude
E! is making me tear up lmao
The earnest prayer of a righteous person has great power & produces wonderful results. James 5:16 Write your prayers, watch & be amazed!...
Thanks Dunkle you've made me waste my time
hell yeah they suspended my ass
Still time left to get the #MothersDayPromo email me for details.
I hate that your pic makes it appear that 1 of the 26 ppl I'm following is Will Smith. That said, did make the list.
I love you too <U+2764>
Cats by 13.
3pcs 100 Cotton Bath Bathroom MatRug + Toilet Lid Cover Set- toilet lid cover
that's meh ^^
I just want my freedom back. Real talk.
what could we do?
RT new founders aren't children, just inexperienced. investors aren't parents, just uncles & aunts. & we all make mistakes
Im getting some laughs in today, lol he getting some major points!!!!
What the Dickens?
I CANT TELL!
I like someone:o
And a fold out print of 3 images (maybe one of Franco?), the final one with "Brad" being carved into an upper arm. Is it a young Franco?
That girl whos in the song though is good. Inspiration to the fullest
Gracias, m'dear. I'm excited to see what new photos of random rockstars you've got up next. :)
"Whatever the Situation, theres ALWAYS Solutions"
Mad had soo much homework I don't even thing I finished it what eva don't care I got most of it done!
Hunting Arbor Mist. Study night!
and thanks!
Yes . I understand I'm one weird mother fucker c:
not a dig at his integrity, just an acknowledgement that it was well-timed for the polls.
I know someone with one. A very nice one in fact. Just spent a week there.
follow back because I'll never unfollow you?(:
Great discussion with RDs on how produce can get a robust marketing plan going. Any ideas out there??
surprisingly today went by really quick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Planning, swimming and the Military Covenant | Life of Brian
Just got 3 new members for the zombie defense crew! Keep those applications coming! Direct message me :)
Send 'em all to me, I'll reject them one by one by one. And probably take a couple.
this is her second set as well. Best thing ever
Children and young adults can be compensated for foster home abuse via civil suits.
You totally underestimate me. And I've already got an airbrush girl on lock.
#wewantromo even if tweeting it gave a tone of people tweet limit.. lol
You say loves over rated ......... I call it complicated !!!!
What is love, what is love? Is it giving up? 'Cause that's not how you raised me.
RT : #WHBrief so overflowing with marriage questions, that reporters are trying to ask "quick" questions on the economy.
Want to see Zac Young live at your favorite venue? Tell us where its at so we can book it and we will hook you up at the show!!
I don't play. Unless it's keys, then I play all day.
I just want some chicken wings lol. Scotty's chicken wings
Brazil Is Ready For Big Time Rush
Thanks:) Hope your having a great week!!
Im just a lesbian on the weekends. RT : omg stop it! i'm laughing so hard right now lol
something is out for delivery via UPS for you today ;-)
This airport has too many hoodrats.
U know Id fall apart without u I dont know how u do what u do Cause everything that dont make sense about me makes sense when Im with you<3
Please follow
Why is it that when I really really need to go to sleep, I simply lay here worrying about all I have to do the next day?! :(
I have 6 spots open for this afternoon. I come to you for a change. I may stop on the way!
No, afraid not! Something to think about moving forward.
All cable news should be streamed live 24/7. Thank God for al-Jazeera.
Please follow me for updates on open Engineering positions!
It might snow today in Nashville? I'm not prepared for this...
Praying God's favor over you tonight
Tf do niggas be wearing now. Outfits dont be matching and shit.
Thanks for the #ff, friend! :D
So glad my bday is over....I rather it be just another shitty day instead of a shitty birthday......
need a sugar rush.. :D
go sadler go win a 3rd win in a season you can do it
US Sec. of Education speaking at #cysummit 'We need can't do it by themselves"
You like someone who can't like you back because unrequited love can be survived in a way once-requited love cannot.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them. - John Stuart Mills
Daylight Savings Time reminds me why coffee exists. Thanks be to God.
It's been good so far. Wat about you?
Just in case there was any doubt - we are super blessed!
That's like 8 of you!
Looking forward to see how mythbusters works with Twitter and
UC football IS mediocre
FUCK AMERICAN IDOL
thats almost all I watch lol kinda addicting ..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
pink satin panties for breast cancer research ~ order yours today! visit our website to place your order. thank you for your support.
Dang! Been a Long time since I haven't been on twitter! But happy 2 be back! :)
this is why I love you. Such a random snippit of dialogue. And not even from a major character.
i can make yo bed jiggle ;)
Join us TONIGHT at 6:00pm for Opera Supper- our wonderful monthly event!
Do you need a free cell phone? Come to our workshop to learn how you can get one! March 15, contact us for more info.
I would tweet specifics about my Saturday night, but, come on. You don't want to be depressed, too, do you?
She's totally right! Thanks for the shout out and come to Hubler Nissan today for your best options!
Social media tools at BCBSFL. Engage in something meaningful.
» What happens to 's mobile apps now that their content is digital subscription only? Those costs should be refunded.
I appreciate this!
You make me crazier, crazier, crazier. <U+2665> yeah, you.
In the best mood. Nothing bad about the last 24 hours of my life.
Just back from NYC and ready to make people beautiful today!
So glad they found who killed He deserves the
And there it is! Big hot by
bout to smash on some food!!!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 30
I've seen you use the litter box and now you admit you want to be a cat. YOUR CAUGHT lolz
Fear makes us feel our humanity.
Yeah! In my seat waiting 4 Goerne and Andsnes to take the stage at Carnegie Hall for Mahler and Shostakovich.
there's no need to reminisce bout the past...obviously cuz that SHIT did not last..
RT : “: Can't wait for tomorrow. Last time we meet at the High School...”/surreal.
That's awesome! Come to Cali! :) Let me know when that happens
Its the Humanist in me..=)
your teeth are like perfect.
#nowplaying The Cranberries
hey we wouldn't mind it being a kia! ;-)
that it took me forever to reply back i was puttin my clothes in the washer and dryer: P I've only got one dm from dare ?
-__- we need to kick it this lakershater image isnt good on you
#celebrityapprentice Loved the mens presentation more. It was way more informative.
I am laughing that you would post the photo!
Mitt Romney is filibustering
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. ~Sonya Friedman
#euro tour hanging in Amsterdam waiting for our connection to Edinburgh.
did u find prince fielders answers about Braun a little strange??
i had to take my english eca yesterday but i didn't know i had one until i got there -__-
<sigh> #reality!
the soup could not be recommended to you :D
<< No dirt.... all angels and amens!
I'm actually not supposed to make OJ jokes. Nothing funny about a black man killing his white wife.
Samsung’s Galaxy S I unveiling happens today; here’s how to watch it live
I won't get my hopes up. I won't get my hopes up. I won't get my hopes up. Fuckit, they're up. COME ON NEWCASTLE!!!
What's for lunch? Stop by the Kilt today for 1/2 a sandwich with side salad and cup of soup, plus a soda or iced tea for only $7.99
wher u graduate? And what u do?
What?!!!! RT : The Pacers aren't scheduled to play any national TV games (ESPN/ABC or TNT) this season."
hello beautiful
Has anyone else found out that the superscript short code in iBooks Author does not work? (Control Command +) itself does nothing.
Should be done with the first book tomorrow! Only another 1130 pages to finish up the next two!
"What Color is Love?"
Ps the food was homemade pasta salad with dill
lmao, really ? I've fought way bigger people. I'll be fine.
San Marino tomorrow, round two of Christmas celebration! I am hoping for sunshine, safe travels, and holiday cheer. Bring on the vacation!
Brunch sounds like a good idea on this dreary day. Serving it 11-2 today.
omg. I love baby feet. Happy mother's day! Enjoy your nibbling!
I made that #DD just for you ;)
I've missed having tennis practice! So much fun
Nothing like sitting in traffic bumpin
First bachelorette party sighting in Nashville. So it begins.
I can't wait to go home and get these sessions on with
Yay it's friday!
Hell yeah!! #Bruins tie it up at 1 w/ the 4-on-4 goal!!
i think someone stole the nacatamales out of my freezer
#Geithner speaking #portland city club: Why hasn't growth been stronger? Shocks: Europe, threat of US default. Not taxes, not regulation.
That would be awesome! Congrats on your love! :D
u forgot about the "good luck tonight, i mean, good game"
Omg is moving to miami in week:O hope you like it theree, but why don't move to the Uk instead hehe loveyou over in the uk;)<3
what kind of phone do you have? I drop iPhone 4 all the time. It's still good!
#RT ": Put your future in good hands - your own."
When I want your opinion, I will give you the proper forms.
nice shoes, sir.
Thanks to and for being extras in today's shoot!
Cuse wins! Great game. Badgers are some kind of a team, too...Jordan Taylor is super.
PB2, where have you been all my life?
By 6:30pm on the first day of the Facebook/DLA partnership, 540 people registered as #donors in the state of Illinois! Great work!
follow us for upcoming details about Wordcamp Ed - a meetup of teachers, institutions, and developers to discuss WordPress and education
Birthday bash begins... time for some booze so i feel comfortable pulling off my apollonia impression lol
Thank you! It's warmer than I thought it would be at least. And my SEPTA train was almost on time.
Hahaha In Dire Need Of A Straightener...
Single Life Is The Best Life So Far:(
All the people voting and nominating the movies are stuffy and old. Funny is not their thing. Sad, but true!
Hello Linda. I hope you are doing well.
War zone or tourist trap? Mulling the Korean DMZ
#LETSGOHEAT Road WARRIORS<U+E00D>!!!!
Dear Florida, I'll never bad-mouth you again. Not after this past 2 weeks in Oregon.
Bored to death in government and have been on Facebook and twitter the whole time...can't wait for some rolf all next block!
I don't know *shrugs* you tell me why.
HAHAHA! I DON'T HAVE ONE!
There are 84 million moms in the United States. Wow! I am grateful to be one to two beautiful children.
Nice day out in Vegas under a 100 degrees today. Won't last long though.
Also Zach galafanakis luve at the purple onion is great RT : Any recommendations for good standups on Netflix?
at the Library of Congress working with an amazing group of experts on establishing best practices for oral history in a digital age
you are a supermodel, it doesn't matter what you wear, you'll ALWAYS be noticed!
wanna know what I hate? when a person I talked to starts being friends with the person I talk to now. lmao
good news they still have
David Ortiz is a big man.
Would love to see Brandon Weeden backing up ARod in GB for many years. The kid may be 28, but he can play.
thank you, thank you. It really was awful!
Let's Get a win today my dude!
Got some contacts now thinkin bout gettin some colored ones what you guys think?
2nd Amendement + Training = Ready to pack. Of course you used "best judgement" when you fired in that "tough situation."
possibly, but might also be the beginning to an H&S as well, we need to watch it a bit more.
my 499th tweet s/0 is to because i love her likee o m g
Thanks for following . We're excited to learn about the great things you do for women and families on our community!
Thank you!
Agreed...AFC South sends 3 teams to playoffs this year!
taco time :)
G.M.N.I.: Shyt has me on edge thinkin' bout my 3 younger bros all the time. I can't see one of them leaving this earth before I do.
Downtown traffic this am is brutal
Why is engagement before exit w/ ALL employees important? Because you establish credibility, diagnose problems early, cure them w/o fear.
Remember today is new for most of us.
Looks a lot different from the western ones, no?
Thanks for stopping by!
A few more things to work out, then it's off to the studio! - zach.
I like it, but bummed that Rangers are blacked out in Austin.
You must have a belief in yourself larger than anyone's disbelief.
H20 Pool Party with the brand new SKD has begun! Come down to and hang by the pool with the dancers!
RT Woops too busy exploring my new dashboard to focus on #mediachat. Ya gotta know I love this stuff
Ho-hum. Drumming up a new website.
This >>> RT : I just LOVE We The Kings so much! :'3
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.' People tried
: "are we going to let technology be a distraction or lead us forward?" one of the best presentations I've ever seen.
good how are you, anything new?
Some days I wonder if I should hang out at my local 7-11 and play the lotto all day.
What's that link for the pet food donation program again? I'll be stopping by tomorrow & have some kitty-no-likey cat food bags.
Oh.. I guess there was a 5th band at #rockthegarden and I didn't remember them either. Left the announcement a little early.
Lisa Sun: It's important to add a conversation starter in the interests section of your resume (e.g., TV shows, books, sports)
don't even worry about it :)
im so hot I didnt know Jeezy was performing at the house of blues!!!!! did he kill it????
2012 is just a rise in disasters for a while then it leaves that is all that is going to happen
God bless the USA - Osama bin laden dead! Proud to be an American
yes, this is in fact TRUE. I'm giddy with excitement.
Happy #fattuesday! Where will you be celebrating?
#Mavs win and Steven Jackson is waiting by the refs car in the parking lot.
Just saw 2 guys running while holding hands. Probably straight.
He also finds her classless and fake.
Your recent blog was dead on :) You should consider being a Professor. Teach Women's Studies through Soaps. I'd register!
Milwaukee County Housing Authority is opening low-income family public housing waiting list if interested call 414-286-5678 on 1/17/12
How can Michael Jackson still be dead? Isn't he like, dead or something? Lol
sure thing!
Told my Grandma I was running for President and she should write me in. Her response? "well THAT wouldn't make sense"
Is that where you went to school?
hehe :D guess what? :)
awseome!! Hope to see you Thursday at our show!!
lol i should yeah lol but idk if i would be able to keep up with it lol
thanks for the RT!
RT : Join us on Monday for happy hour & casual networking as we team up w/ to empower women in Haiti & Guat...
Q4. What is the most bizarre drink you've had on the road? (via )
My butt is expressing boredom and annoyance due being on this damn bus for 3 hours
you auditioning for teenhoot too?
Hana I'll always have a soft spot for
STILL GOT MY MONEY ON THE DALLAS MAVERICKS WHO WANA BET?
Happy #Follow #Friday everybody!
i just love
who DOESNT like Star Wars??
sorry cuz, I didn't even know I did it til I just read this... When are we gonna hang since u ditched us last night
ok ill check it out when I get off work :)
SA what goes down tonight
actually not even going to ontourage...heading to the strip club babyy!! my first time!
Disneyland is going to now have Starbucks locations at the park. Holy crap. Stoked.
Almost just left my house without shoes on. That chill.
Happy summer .....that's so late
was good bro
yup just got back from Georgia this morning
If you missed the Great Picture, world's largest photo, while it was on view you can now see the gallery view photos here...
we hope it wasn't actually a BAM! We try to keep our pillows fluffy. :) Hope you slept well!
Well, you look fabulous.
just bumped into Spurs Jesus at the game
Sat at Gibsons in Chicago, charming outside seating with flowers to give a sense of Europe and privacy. Watching the beaut.ppl walk by!
we tweeted each other at the same time..weird..what are you doing?
aww thx doll! RT : I approved this message! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>RT: Just wanted the twitterverse 2 know I'm madly in love with ;)
Happy Mother's Day!! Yay!! So glad to be a Daughter to a Great Mother and a Mother to a Great Daughter!!!
Love you boo <3
Wasabi & soy sauce almonds are the bomb dot com
Agreed. If they weren't consulted during development then the product probably doesn't make it long
Thanks! Getting out of town before the snow! RT : O... Nice, Jenn! Have fun :) RT : Heading to Moab tomorrow.
Interviewing and then this morning! These will be on at some point soon.
On a first draft, yes but I didn't discover out lining until I was on the umpteenth draft
Starbucks is my fucking favorite! my best friend and I had Dunkin' Donuts today haha I'm good though, thankyou =]
I've got my beret and my jodhpurs but no monocle. HOW AM I EXPECTED TO DIRECT WITHOUT MY MONOCLE???
Learn how to use social media and viral marketing best practices to get people to talk about your business online
good luck to your brother tonight! Hoping to see him in Green and Gold!
#Packers fans could encounter traffic delays heading to and from Lambeau as most major roads in NE Wis. are under construction -- DOT
“: Three hours away ... oh man. #SB46” let's go
sounds like a plan, man
YO CHECK IT!
Good morning all
Too often we hide our brilliance in order to make others feel comfortable... Don't be scared... Let it shine
Horrible play calling...huge waste of a possession
People say 'why do you still love him?' & honestly, i don`t know but theres just something about him & i just can`t let him go.
Maya Rudolph and Amy Poehler rock.
My point exactly! RT : there are people that don't think Danity Kane was a failure? Didn't they only last a few yrs?
My dog is trying to kick me off my bed, how lovely?!:P
I wish I had a sister like that!!:)
Haters & hoes make me laugh! (period) them ppl make me laugh on how hard they thinkin' about my life instead of theirs!
Thanks for the offer but my workout windows have recently gotten a lot smaller (toddler and a baby). Maybe down the road?
omg u should really like legit follow me please :-))
Good trade during the super bowl! Glad to see you stuck to the plan! :) P.S. Congrats on the 25 pds! Good work!
The owner of our company is in town today ... and suddenly everyone is wearing ties.
Garth & Kat might be the dumbest recurring SNL bit in a long time. What exactly is funny about this?
you said it lm Keep the flame burning.
Glad you are seeing it with us!
Fuck the art project Gaahh. To much homework.
NF HEY WHAT UP INDEPENDENT ARTIST GO BY MR KRAZY JUST HERE NET WORKING SO FOLLOW BACK HOMIE
... I spend seven years waiting for you and this is what I have to show. nice.
congratulations on kicking the S out of your 10 course dinner
HABITAT is hosting a High-Level Meeting on Sustainable Urbanization in Konya, at HQ today. Stay posted for updates
Trails are soaked. Guess it's going to be a road bike kind of day.
Aww I'm sorry I wasn't, now I am though. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Goodmorning. :)
Can you dig it? I can.
how many days have you been taking it?
DO IT.
Burke or Millard north 29?
Thanks for the follow! I am a woman co-founder so love your mission!
Next Tues at 6p! In the Cosby Academic Center
Yep. Karl Kopp had a potential project on MLK, Jr. Drive. Never happened.
#askzacefron will you marry me ? or maybe just follow me ? i hope you have a wonderful weekend <3
What? Say it ain't so!?!
The #AccessSports Silent Auction bidding is now closed - who will win big?
Next Fri #NYE Fireworks on the roof w/the beautiful Sarah Chapman at
OK, I've blown the beautiful lead I had on this day tweaking pix of goslings...
Great! MT : Today the Justice Center is training Harlem faith leaders on prisoner reentry with the Interfaith Center of NY.
Latin Gold Thursdays is always fun @ the QBar!
Have you seen an agenda, or just guessing based on next meeting dates? I can't find anything on 6B website.
Great book. Another excellent examination of being a fan (gridiron): Rammer Jammer Yellow Hammer, by Warren St. John.
Happy Hump Day to our staff across the country! We hope you are all out there working for excellence!
The correct pronunciation is fung-shway and translates as “wind-water”.
Mom taught me how to make kimchi pop today. I now know what's going to kill me.
You get nervous, worried, sad, angry, and stressed cause you care. It's better to care; it means things matter to you.
don't need a phone!! She don't answer and it take her 5 days to reply to text. But let me tweet her I bet her ass be on it!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Windows Phone LTE plans: Nokia Ace, HTC Radiant, Samsung Mendel coming to AT&T early 2012
Total RT Best male R&B Group of the 90's ???
I think I have an NU key chain with me. I will wave that proudly.
lol sex ? what ?
yes really. Thats the only grey hoodie I have
Me and Davis are shopping with Leah and Joan. So fun.
Never mind...
BTW, Pam, you know Elizabeth Deifell? she is a great friend of mine. we are co-authoring a paper now.
simmonds and clarkson
Had a football meeting today.....the schedule is looking real weak so its time to go to work on this new region
We'll look back on this as a golden age, when guacamole finally became widely available at fast food chains.
That's the longest I've ever been without my phone, I was going crazy ;(
This mess shows how politics is corrupting the supreme court. The one place it should never be. Sad
my options for what?
Low waits! Low rates! Cars ready to rock you to your destination right now!!
#marketing is crucial to the success of your
“: Going to watch Menage bring down da house tonite at the Viper on the Sunset Strip!” :) :)
Agree! MT Like your 133 pg groundbreaking case broken up into useful 140 character morsels? Enjoy last hr of feed
oh then we gonna get along just fine cause thats what am having tonight
Thanks. Would love to go, but going through economic hardship right now. $$$--:(
May the 4th be with you! Happy Friday! :-)
Out to Austin for the weekend to relax and promote!
Everyone knows Carlos means the world to me, right? End of story.
I swear I'll be what you deserve.
then I say its time for a drink
No. It was PI.
Timbers Army!!!!!
What will you #wonder about today?
Sounds like the opening scene of a Seinfeld episode.
History shows again and again how nature points up the folly of man Godzilla! Matsui has come alive!!!!
haha but I'll be home Saturday until next Sunday!
People tell me that I fell off.... Oh I needed that
Looking 4ward to supporting at the with this evening.
on average I spend 25 hours less than them studying each week
Where my fav bartenders at??
RT : Family Matters Vs Full House Carl Winslow & Danny Tanner conspire to keep Steve Urkel and Kimmy Gibbler from falling in love
The McClain Sisters are gonna get the party started at the Minnesota Mall of America right! Woohooooo!
So apparently concuring the world is alot of work....LOL
We'd say this weekend was a SUCCESS! Thank you all so much for coming out!
more like block stumbling
Will be at #FETC Wed. Hope to talk to and while I'm there.
enjoy vol. 3 of #britishskins. new kids though- not sure how much i like that..
all good! live tweeted the event 2.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. Abraham Lincoln
when are you and coming to florida? I can't wait any more longer since warped jul 31 :D
"Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse." ~Thomas Szasz
RT : When your mind says "Give up" Hope whispers "One more try"
oh thats not good.....did you have chemo yesterday?
There's a difference between joking and lying.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday! :)
I heard rumors of a 1000 person centipede.
I'm late to respond, but "yes ma'am!" When can we make this happen before you hop across the country?
wow no wonder there were a lot of gaps in their story!!! I missed out on a lot
Awesome! Can you please follow me? I am a HUGE fan...
Let me think of a good one right now hm
I think they should be - otherwise everyone they ever met will at least hope at worst demand a share of the money.
Jesus Christ, the son of God, died a painful death on a cross to pay for our sins, then defied death by rising from the grave.
more business on its way......
You'll have to wait until I get some NuggetHead mints like had then.
Hbu no I don't smoke and why... u only want to hear from those who do smoke???
if you're creeping:) Please follow me, i love you and austin:),
go one and out of the playoffs next 4 years or rebuild a franchise. Who's the real fan?
here we go 4 show weekend!
Don't wuss out! Be a man! ;)
I actually didn't see the relevance. By the same token the entire Golf Mag Top 100 can't talk
Drake, Yeezy, & Q-Tip.
of course I remember you!
Odd decision by Tennessee and UCONN to wear their alternate uniforms in the championship game.
Intellectually, MUCH to gain; pragmatically, would lead to more downsizing of humanities.
- My pleasure, thank you!
#stoprightthere and add a picture to your twitter.
Only 3 more Sunday night cookouts left... Make your reservations to come out & see us tonight!
RT : "Failure is an important part of development. If you never fail you aren't challenging yourself."
My just earned me a free paid of #Frigo underwear... can't wait to try it out!
Im So Bored
A victim's identity is based on what was done to them. A victor's identity is based on what Jesus has done for them.
Can't wait!!
Is it true--there is no specific English word for "baisemain?" UK is having a field day with this over in
words can't describe how excited i am for this last math class EVER
I'm gonna stick with God even if I'm all by myself
What do you guys think of Hell Is What You Make It? If you don't have it, you should buy a copy at Hot Topic or Best Buy 'er whatever. :P
im pulling for you two
With all the NFL firings today. I may apply to be a coach.
#fact RT : has trained over half the players on the court right now for the clips and the spurs
this kid: there something different about you. me: i have makeup on
nice, maybe i'll have to check it out. also, hay
yours will come out nice. Sound like you've done ur research
yup, and i can tell its real cause it was with a silver marker
Fair to say more people at Terrace to see Neil deGrasse Tyson lecture than recent Ron Paul rally. Well done, Madison.
Most of the time I consider myself an intelligent person...and then there's today...
Taking Mom to Brunch! Happy Mother's Day!
aww i was reading all those #IWondeIf tweets and majority of them was a sweet and some of them was like #wtf!
Over 200 Tape Contest submissions so far! Keep em coming!
Managed to get through half of U.S. History tonight....what know #apush ?
“: ": Go jeff!! Great djing" ” thanks guys
Question is dere stripers in Africa????
lol, don't worry - it's almost Sunday again...
You know there are trash cans on every corner, right?
can't ask for a better start. Finish this one!
concert at was #awesome!!!
Hi Dave!! *big smile* It is a beautiful day out today! Hopefully my crazy schedule will slow down soon so we can hang out.
i dunno, it would make kid shopping easy, who wants to give birth when i can just pick one up from the playground?
You say its too late to make it, but is it too late too try?
Interesting way to start the day, a phone call from Google...
Now taking live feed of Kathleen Falk's speech at Barrett party
#TeamNoSleep or #TeamInsomniac Whatever you call it, I'm making my dreams come true while you keep dreaming. Studio time.
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight. But she replied: "I write music for ears, not eyes." <U+2665>
thanx 4 follow, back atcha. You are one busy guy!
smh, ya gotta sleep sometime!
Only a few days left until spring break and only a few days left to check out the first round of spring exhibitions! Stop on by!
Does Tim Tebow have to submit photos of his feet for Rex Ryan's approval?
thank you
haha talking to cookie is productive though.
Familiar melody… Ah! You haven't lived until you've heard "Achy Breaky Heart" in Spanish, blasted by your neighbor down the street.
I <3 Pip. He's just too cute.
I wouldn't say that is true, many programmers are out of work due to offshoring. Remaining jobs are highly competitive.
Really want to get to know
tampa vinyl acquisitions:gnr's appetite for destruction, dj's fossils, nilsson's pandemonium shadow show, and a marvin sease record for $40
thanks for the #FF! Happy Opening!
So apparently Taylor Swift has a greeting card line...
Best wishes to you and your family. Good to connect with positive people like you!
Have you met the new surgeons at Hamilton Surgical Associates?
Some people should tweet me!
is so scarred of
Welp Looks Like Im Always The One Assed Out ... :/
we win! #capsisles #Capitals #Caps !
Same to you! It's a great opportunity for local parents to speak with Sec. Duncan
What about "NotTalkingTV", or perhaps "TalkingNoTV", or maybe even "TalkingAboutGeneralStuffandThings"?
AGREE! u can co-create to death & it all becomes mediocre & "mediocrity sucks" says Ruud. need experts!
So you would recommend? I haven't seen it yet
Welcome Aboard, Vincent Van Ness.... 80 agents and growing!
is in town; the world is a better place for it!
Thanks for the kind RT, Kathy :) Happy Sunday~
Cloudy with a chance of today is going to suck.
If I'm honest with myself, the only movie I ever want to watch is Stepmom.
Lol ": Most women hate their periods. If I was a woman I would aim to praise my period. But I am not so I give praise to my
how do you deal with the black hat marketers that are polluting your site?
Show at the Byham on Saturday, next week!
Keep an eye out as I merge another feed with this one. BEER ART! A (twice) daily compendium of beer design, mostly packaging or promo stuff.
Shoutout to for being the lucky 300th follower. Looking forward to some cornhole classics this summer.
lol... That blows. Fixing myself some #tea #manzanilla :)
Yes, I would expect a statement like that from people who have a vested interest in the status quo.
why did you call me
I wanna put my daughters ribbons on in my proud father voice nobody else
Can't wait to hear what you all come up with...sounds like a great event!
Thinking about different promotions for teams instead of individuals. I'm thinking jerseys, tape and pucks. any other suggestions???
I'll be happy as long as you're by my side ;) I'm not? Why is that? Unless you...
I been texting #oomf all day & the convo still good! That's that shit I like!
so you coming or what mama
austin i can't wait for you new song's #yee tht'a awesome i'm very happy (:
“: American Idol HANDS DOWN has better quality singers than The Voice. No questions asked.” yep
Whoeva thought sex aint betta than luv they lied...lol which do u choose sex or luv...be honest
My name is Jon.
thank you for the follow. I'm interested on your take on things.
ah okay. Do you think it's possible to do a pbl in 2 block classes for the end of this west Africa unit? This is w 9th graders
Now put the foundations under them.
Haven't heard much from Asian chapter on this. Moving there next week
Registration is open until 7 p.m. tonight. It will then reopen Wednesday morning at 7 a.m.
I hope OKC beats the hell out LA!
Being that the vs. Kane match will be on , WWE should allow him to bring out his Internet Championship ?
Totally crying watching Ben Hur.. Haven't seen it since I was a kid. What an amazing film!
i miss u, i miss ur hugs, and i still shed a tear every once in a while... i edited miley's song. its true, i miss ya.
Ready to head out to #Urban Ecology - let the candles light the way through the dark!
I know it's been a while but when did Felli Fel start playing house music on Power106?
We'll be blending from 12 to 6 today! Come by and pick up a new wardrobe!
when niggas tryna kick I think we gotta another week and a half before mib 3
thanks haha. And I know.
hey Noah!! fell in love with u wen i saw you on tv tdy. Ur gorg!will you b in NYC? Follow and mayb I cn hlp set up a meet n greet.
i sure did! We waited FOREVER! i had never seen it that bad... i had just arrived from China was looking forward to home!
its over lol
Omw To School.
Simplicity, carried to an extreme, becomes elegance (Jon Franklin) Damn, that's true!
I've been listening to for the past hour and a half..... I really like his songs (top of the world)
Wed trivia: What holds the record at 6,050 pounds? Answer at noon.
Giddy up! " : Back to the 70s tomorrow with some sun. Clouds gradually increase through the afternoon. Enjoy the weekend!”
Also: Mya "Free Fallin'"; Ice Cube/Mack 10 "Shd I Stay or Shd I Go," Gnarls Barkley "Gone Daddy Gone"
#signsofagoodnight you wake up drunk on your friends couch.
You'd better be the mayor!
I want a convertible
Thank you for the follow and for your support of the community!
SON. I'm SUPER PISSED. Then You Wanna Fucking DIP AFTER You Brought Up That Shit && I Get Mad!?! Way Too Piss Me Off && Just Leave -_-
I'm kind of a luddite when it comes to twitter. Never really know what to tweet about.
We're closed today and tomorrow! Come in Tuesday for some post-Christmas libations! Merry Christmas to all!
Jesus, me too.
Aw, thanks!
Sam - Hot Dean - Sexy which one should I choose?
Lil Boosie found not guilty? How?
i fixed it... lol
I like the easel town idea... could do big paper mural on side of room too!
The 2013 Cadillac #ATS was unveiled last week! Check it out at www.austincadillac.com
This will sound dumb, but what is FF and E?
Only Davidson failed me so far
The Walkie Talkie Radio; Uses In The Private And Commercial Spheres
RT : MLBDepthCharts RADIO today at 12:30PM PST. I already have a lot of questions but feel free to send more. Listen live:...
Big girls don't cry.
Get heard at today's Atlanta Teacher Town Hall with the hashtag #ednatatlanta. They'll be including some of your comments!
why aren't you here?
I hope I make it home before it storms! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+26A1><U+2614>
I do not disagree that the gov is stuck in the dark ages and you are probably right that the DOE should give up control.
Celebrity Fit Club: u're almost HALF FAT!!
I really need to get a cat or something..
sleep well america, tom brady is on the good side!
Class act!! Wishing you and your family the best!!
We love it when Senators drop by the office to hang out!
Asking you all to keep my grand father in your thoughts as he is in the hospital.
She rollin weed and she don't even smoke
Great swim this morning - best pool in the city!
People in #Brookhaven - take #MARTA to Music Midtown this weekend!
Krispy Kreme donuts all over the break room but this girl has self control
got some free time today? head over to Peabody for the Friedheim Library book sale!
I accepted your friend request because you were nice to me in elementary school, not because I think you'll react well to political screeds.
That is pretty huge that is signed with
Yeah, man. I don't know how this is going to play out... I have such a crush on Instagram that I don't want anything to change it.
I was thinking: They say "an apple a day keeps the doctor away." I eat two everyday, so that probably causes cancer.
i loved #AlexMack! but i havent heard of the other 2.. i will look them up maybe i just dont remember them haha
. sounds like you should get some ointment for that
RT : Don't forget, tonight we're lucky enough to be playin ! On 7ish on the stage by Theatre 7 and Snicks!
hey alan! Is there suppose to be a video link in your last tweet? ~~~~rich
exactly! Giggs the player has 25 trophies but Giggs the playah? we will never know how many he scored.
Actually, "Somewhere Over The Rainbow" was a stunning moment on Idol
I'm kind of in the mood to do something, NOW. All week off
RT : Wearing skinny jeans when you know you far from skinny #thatsabadidea---- lmao
Chocolate milk, please!!!!
RT : BREAKING: earthquake aftershocks will be felt in the form of overtweeting and Twitter crash. Expect fail-whale...
its really hard to have a bluetooth keyboard with ipad
Thanks for the tweets yesterday from the Peace Corps event! We followed along!
Oh dear, a 30% off deal on #MedievalStudies books from ? My credit card cringes.
In the "zone": The task must have clear & immediate feedback. This helps negotiate any changing demands & allows u to adjust ur performance.
Lucky man!!
Just out of a great meeting!! Kelly from is one of the nicest ladies I've ever met and her gallery ain't bad either =)
yes, just replied
#AvrahamInfeld - Jews: confused if we are majority or minority - complex issue b/c we are both & should have understanding of both.
- The We-Vibe 3 is getting some great play on set today!
umm there should be something.. I'm using tweet bot app so it's different than yours.
Babi. Ray ray is on on this
My #Twitter username is changing from to That's right. It's my move to full time
#onlyskinnyppl have fans in there window in july
ok Aww I'm happy for you
Take away from eReader session: Get teachers to create their own material using open source.
Come down to Beer Co for the Friday night special: Free James lovin'.
Yesterday's high point: exchanging my grad cap for the "freakishly large head" model.
did they ever send you copies of Tessa Masterson ?
lolololol, don't you just love shit talkers? get a life , cunt.
Wenndy: "Why's it a 1st down if they pass the yellow line?" Courtney: "It's a magic line." "Oh, because we can see it & the players can't."
Wish i could see you this 15th <U+2665> :(
If you received a message from me stating "somebody is talking about u". Ignore it. I've been hacked.
it's a baking mystery! it's fabulous b/c w/ the jars, i can fit them all in my convection toaster oven -lisa
Great #brewers game tonight and great company!! <3 you beautiful! 9 more days!!!
Members Card Twins ML +175 (10 units)
things in my world looking Brighter everyday
Love casting AMW, the show that aired last night...resulted in a double CAPTURE today of 2 really BAD guys!!!!
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
Just watch my back , i got yo front .
Sad day at Trekk after sixteen years The Can-O-Death is full, & as far as we can tell the cleaning lady Threw it away! Farewell old friend.
Congrats to dallas lol wat r u going to do next...
Pedal Steel guitars ... That is all ...
“: get the Xbox an the game. Then the three of us shall conquer the cod world... Together.” winning!!
Whatever's meant to be will work out perfectly.
I might know one ... Yell if you want me to contact.
we should all go one day!
The extra hour felt really sweet this Monday morning!!
yeah I know ... Less than a month away. Putting together some plans?
Thanks I'll share with him!
how far along are u? :-)
tomorrow i go to austin ((;
If love is only physical its not Love
I don't dispute that "it's the going rate". Are voluntary transactions, set by buyers and sellers, okay in your view?
Darius in for a few words
you inspire me everyday with you brilliance style and zest. has a hug for u from me!
Anyone else feel like they're going to tear up when they watch the #smallbumpvideo ?
Where u from??
LIVE RIGHT NOW! MPHAZES AND MATT DIAMOND ON POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP-HOP LIVES!! ON DECK T SCOTT AND LOST OF THE COUNCIL PRODUCTIONS!
could be the biggest understatement of the year.
I really don't know he moved to Virginia I think
Hey you! Yeah you! No not you! The other one! No! You! Yes you! You! Yeah you! Follow back?(:
don't panic, I bet he's seen it.
Just a few hours away from
Gave my favorite senior her flowers & softball tonight for senior night... #tear #gonnamissher #loveher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I miss my cat so much right now. That's like the only bad thing about staying the night at a friends.
BE MY DATE THIS CHRISTMAS EVE, BE MY HOLIDAY MY DREAM
Who's Want's To Talk?
Cool thanks! It helps me in my career to get press citations (good for C.V.) + I can share w/my department Thank you!
i have to agree with you. I love homemade food
Stick to the b-e-a-t
Just interviewed for the upcoming edition of the Chicago Citizen
I hate the smell of new dick
I still can't hear someone say "Niagra Falls" without immediately responding "Slowly I turned…"
Milkshakes for the next two days. This might get old.
Have you ever been to Siberia?
Groovy. I loved it, too.
One Strong Voice = Power
hm... Sounds like a story is in order??? I am struggling to keep up with both twitter n FB. Ive been choosing FB. :)
Jeff Suppan to start tomorrow against #Brewers - here's hoping Crew absolutely shellacks the big fella
She's the kind of teacher that should be president.
holding a shovel and staring upward.
was the first follower I got that I didn't know
I hate wen ppl change der moods in a matter of 2 secs
Screw You Revue was once again Wonderful. It takes such professionals to pull off that offensive humor in such a loving way.
15 8 Hunger Games or Titanic IB- Jason <U+E32A>
Yew just jealous.
my fav is ill communication
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
Hearing that and are both there..
God has MORE for you!
I am very bad when you're not around ... But I get well when you come ... And I admire you forever you are my sun: *
What is LTE? 4G? What are the research problems & potential creative uses of this technology? speaks 2:30 School of Management
All I want for Valentine's day is a Yorkie! Is that too much to ask for??
homework time
- awesome, can't wait for launch and to get ourselves in. Much success!!!
:) back at ya, girl
Just was sitting here thinkin bout that song "Big girls dont cry" and started busting out laughing cuz big girls DONT cry, THEY EAT!...LMFAO
That was a surprise car battery change but now I think I'm ready for #alamw12. Well, at least able to get there.
is tired of rancid political neologisms.
POST-GRAD/PRE-WORK ADVICE: Get Faculty Recommendations; Take Entrance Exams (GMAT etc); Read "Young Fabulous & Broke"
our pleasure! Happy Holidays! Now how about a follow back?:)
How me and Genesis make it mad obvious when we steal from Save-a-lot and we still don't get caught >>>
what's up my boy
Seems unless one lives in NYC, one doesn't count. My daughter and many friends are in Maine -- no word in media from there.
"Put on some music ! I can't do this without music" lolololol crazy freakin hilarious moments :D
We are here at the HAUTEST show in Houston
El Dragon!!!!! Meta World Peace!!! Queensbridge is definitely in the house! #FEELINGYOU!!!
The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
Star Wars Family Guy >>>
My Goal Today Is To get To Follow Me Or Notice Me!! I love You alex!
Very nice
Finding money in a pair of shorts that you haven't worn since last summer.
SUCK ON DEM NUTS, JOHAN.
Did you send the only copy of the tape to me? If so, I'll save it for Pearl and Nico to enjoy some day.
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Cliff Armstrong. Congratulations Cliff! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
RT Everyone please follow the new along with the CEO
We're open until 8 tonight and 10 to 3 tomorrow. Lots of great books in stock!
I can't eat.
I'm diggin how has been playin local artists like but let's get some and and rep the land all day
Listening is an attitude of the heart, a genuine desire to be with another which both attracts and heals. J. Isham
i wish i could come to ur show in NYC but i live in missouri if u have a show here ill b a first on to get a ticket!!
Sledding is still really fun.
“: Varies but I think in future it will be independent #custserv”. Seems more trustworthy from a consumer POV.
If God can't do it! In my "Italian voice" ay forget about it.
Reflecting on how God blessed me having my Mom for so many years, missing her terribly.Grateful and blessed 2 also be a Mother.Love 2 all
Taking tips & advice for my July trip to #ChiangMai, must-do's and must-see's needed please! tiger park? elephant camp?
WHAT IT DO TWITTER??? HOLLA AT UR GURL!!!! S/O to AL MY PEOPLE!!! LOVE YA'LL HOPE EVERYONE IS ON ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!
NYC will be back on the left coast this weekend w/ . Palm Springs bound baby!!!!! #BlatinoOasis bout to be a problem!!!!
PR-Squared's Social Media Tactics Series: PR & Edgework Via Facebook
I lol'd to your tweet about the paper thing..
yes, and good for you. Great design does its own marketing, to a healthy extent. :)
#pipa Remember when this trended for the other Middleton sister? trend downgrade...
so it sucks, but yea. how come you never talk to me in spanish haha?
to quote full house. HOW RUDE!
thanks 2 everyone who came out.so fun! is now changing a flat tire w all our gear in the car in the middle of bkln.. woot
the one time Cal is the nationally televised game and you're in Mex. Go Bears beat Puke.
I'm stealing all the notes in your instagram pic and posting them to pinterest.
i miss you grandpa <3
Talking Spanglish all the time!
Just got word we are going to dinner Thursday night after ur game !
Honestly, it's like you WANT me to steal your dog.
I temporarily changed voter reg from "Non-Partisan" to "Democrat" for the June primary... who wants to talk about that?
yeah dey got a cold ass bench squad!
Fog's lifing and it's looking like a perfect morning for a ride here in Monkton, less than 3 mos until
Excited to meet and learn with members of #NSMN #Chicago tonight!
Graduation was so amazing
is just getting started.
we wish we were on the whole tour too! So happy you enjoyed our set! Why didn't we get to chill?
BOOKING INFO/VERSES/BEATS/ETC: OR HIT AL2K AT 586-873-2357
Finally used CS5's Content-Aware feature for an actual project... WOW! Saved me hours of clone stamping!!!
Psshh, that's no big deal. You'll get in.
#ff - She has really helped me out a lot this week!
Twitter won't let me follow anyone bac sorry
I'll be right over!
Color corrections on Finding Hope today. Almost done....:)
ya rough morning but im good now thanks
#nowplaying Afterlife-Avenged Sevenfold
Sometimes I wish I could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end
That last joke has me cracking me up
Feng Shui Tip: To bring romance into your life place 9 pink peony flowers in your relationship corner! LOVE IS IN THE AIR!
if you can't get someone out of your head maybe there supposed to be there.
Ad design for a local transit line done. On to more inside news design.
anyone know of a good BASIC international comparison of #copyright law/issues? Time to move to the EU...
Met lots of nice people on the campaign trail this evening at the Ripley County Fair in Osgood.
What's the difference between and Superman? Nothing, They both save the day. Thanks for pinch hitting at CLV today!
Hey , you lose a bet or something? Or you been watching too much A-Team? What's with the haircut???
And they just got in trouble
All you girls who like him so much - you have no idea who he really is
I am at the point where I will not use a service that does not provide SSL to all paid users. Stop using basic security as an upsell point.
The next #HoyaRoundtables will be the first or second week of November! RT : when's the next one?
Source Studio's status: "I never tell my friends how I live. Instead, I simply set a positive example."
What motivates the leaders in their activities outside of work: Seeing a need, and meeting it. We have a calling.
let me know...i went to his show in madison over summerand it was hilarious
But thankfully the music was still playing so, all is good.
pretty good, you? And I gotta go so talk to ya later :)
Indeed! :D
Loyola's school year just ended, time to unwind with at tonight!
great to connect! Gotta Love #IMU !
try doing both :P
you go Mrs. Boss Lady!
Swag Swag Swag on lou chillin by the fire while Niall's eatin fondu Liam knows about you Harry knows about me so say hello to DJ Malik!!!
: I would #LOVE making a #Supradesignshoe with you...
#RainyDays..mak me tire'd/sad =(
Just finished reading this book, it was soo good. Transfer of power
hey erik
We agree! Thanks for the #FF love. <3
Done. I hope you get to take my money! ;)
Happy 100th Birthday Fenway Park! Son and I made trip from Louisville in 2001 for 2 night games. Did tour.
"Wayne's World, Wayne's World, party time. Sw-wing! RIP, Bodolai.
Thank you! RT : So nice hearing you speak today #IACPNYC Wonderful presentation w lots of take aways
anytime my friends!
I really enjoyed that film.
Local sports digest: San Jose State beats Stanford in baseball, sweeps season series
saw the YouTube video of you and Ashley Tisdale and Selena Gomez and BTR and fredo and y'all danced to call me maybe hhaa ...
Fuck what people say
Why is called tweeting wen it's spelled Twitter
love the video an the song. Keep up the great work!!
I cant see em coming down my eyes so i gotta make this song cry
The thought of summer >>
holy moly . i dont know how people love writing papers.
Thanks! Lots of cool apps out there use. :)
RT @ iamthatspigga "my smile is the reason your bitch is catchin them cold feet" - that video should be next man!
That food was good af tho
joel what are your 4 favorite colors?(:
Hey there, thanks so much for following!
no better way to start the day!!
. joins in Chicago! #nowplaying 'Anywhere'
I disagree. lol
got my oil changed , wasted my money putting oil in it last night lol
Ok lia I here you but I'm trying to ignore you your mother is thinking
It kills me to know that I'll never be able to tell you how much you mean to me.
Oh snap! Where'd 2 o'clock go?!?!?
hahaha when you got class?
Heading to Orlando, Florida and Sunset Beach, North Carolina this week. Speaking to the School Resource Officers
Let's run over and ask him for some advice on women's health issues. You know, since he's an expert.
Someone told me coconut water is great for a hangover!
plz follow me u probably wont but its worth a try:)
Azarmehr & Associates is a proud sponsor of !
Just having someone to sit wit and understand im hurting makes me feel better
I am getting ahead of myself...for some reason I was convinced that today is Thursday...
hah! that's impossible! keeping it chill never goes wrong!
I really don't like this dude Landry Fields...... He garbage as hell
I think you're one of the first to rock the "film" trading cards
sketchy ethics & badly etched positions = RT : Mitt as Etch-a-sketch. Perfect!
Make sure you look for their Video Producer tell him I've been telling you his secrets!
Wtf is up with the weather it's not winter still it's almost summer time and it's snowing
I'm Happy for my mommy ahahahaha..She Needed that yesterday =]
Could there be an awkward misfit human girl who creates a love triangle of paranormal romance? Nah, that would never sell.
Monday Night Opera HOORAY!
I've said nada. I don't get involved in other peoples biz. My life is complex enough.
The chances of you dying on the way to get your lottery tickets is greater than your chances of winning
let us know how it goes and good luck!
Im gonna take a nap!
perfect! Its thursday night!!
he's the nicest football player out there! I met him last week!!
Shout out to on the packed SuperCross AfterParty
I thought Id never say this but I miss the US :O
I maybe had ten minutes of class today
oh absolutely. That would have made Packer Nation Twitter meltdown...
Why is the work never finished?!?!? I just want to relax.
HEY! RT:: SOMEBODY SAY HEY!
I agree!
yeah, they thought he was a bear. An annoying bear. Who had to go.
Wow. We haven't had an actual fight on school campus in a long time.
#obamaFirsts - nobama now the first gay, Kenyan, anti-colonial, socialist president (via ) who banned Jumbo Snickers
Didnt really go anywhere today
Hey it has been a while how have you been?
Yeah, I don't do spotify. I know, I know. The future is whatever.
yeah we def could do that
I know the feeling...
Real talk: God's standards do not change just because people do not live up to them.
word up do it u ain't going to miss shit in jerseys
Sorry black people but the way I see it the Jews were the first ashy people.
My non-athletisicm and reliving memories of middle school bball nickname "d-man" isn't helping.
Get your Rockstar! Right now on the 2nd floor. Thanks,
hm there would be no world or everyone would be depressed
rondo still my boy..but that jacket was so last tuesday!
Love this. wade cheap ass RT : That's a GREAT no call...GREAT
you better
A boss's boss
Much appreciated! It was a lot of fun to put together.
#ebsco fail. There r LOTS of iPhones out there. Prolly not standard-issue PDAs for hospitals, but some drs might use.
The basketball court of #Oregon is one of the ugliest things I have ever seen. Seriously unwatchable!
watching truelife: im a newlywed. the oldest person on the show is 24. that is nuts
Interested in taking your music career to the next level? Contact AMPmilwaukee at
how tall are you? I might be interested
Looking for #Mother'sDay gifts, book a City Tour or shop at our Gift Shop for unique experiences!
dude gonna destroy welcome to mile high boi!!!
stretching and blow drying my hair at the same time
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I've been on a lot of first dates, and you take the cake. Seriously...please stop eating so much cake.
Ben-hur on !!! My grandpas fav movie
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
I've seen dirtier screens set by KG. O well.
Most improved organization -- !
brilliant, astute, challenging, refreshing as always.
Would Never Do That. Still Waitin On The Show N I Havnt Sent U Gear Cause I've Been Waitin On My SwagBands,Wanted to Get U 1
straight up son!
uses google+ Does anyone interact on #Google+ or do the people in my circles...
So apparently I'm a model today...Life as an event planner- you're always doing something new everyday~
i would never take the bus
Can't wait to see who hops on the lakers bandwagon to the finals after tonight -__-
You don't say a single word of the last two years, where you were or when you reached the frontier
we didn't have a Porchini's
We've provided hassle-free service to Ballard since 1960. Let us show you that buying a car CAN be a pleasant experience:...
I'm banning all of us from drinking till...thurs RT “: my Sunday Funday turned into a don't get out of bed kind of Monday :-\”
ZOMG look at the #Milwaukee today!
New cologne idea... Victory: The smell of America.
i wish i could hack you so that i could see what you say to other people about me.
Decisions decide your wealth.
Big win for and the over #Badgers big-man with 8 pts, 7 reb, 2 blks off the bench
okay that's so weird lolol
Mine is MIAlise :)
We service Detroit Metro Airport with transportation, as well as Flint Bishop, Windsor VIA-RAIL & airport, and more
If you lookin' for the main attraction , Just hold on tight and let me do my dance , c:
Playing a huge MTV Awards After Party on Sunday June 5th. Check facebook: Adam Sizemore Music for deets
Dropping off literature for Louise Davis of Interior Decisions. Are you a designer who would like some gorgeous brochures? Let us know!
Thanks ! Does anyone actually post what they ordered from you? For real?
AIA Akron #Canstruction 2012 Call for entries, sponsors, and volunteers going out tomorrow -June 1st Build Day, June 2nd Party
Dear Science, I am open to being considered for cloning. Said Jennifer Clone must be able to complete 50% of my to do list. Thank you.
I believe it's "in #college" love you goober <U+270C>
Maybe he can get a pass and go in the locker room. Unless Bill King is running PR.
Dream. Be. Do! Your life is waiting for you~
Rip Joe Pa!
Hey, I'll call you now!
I feel that dude has become more gender neutral over the years, so yeah.
Wishing I could go to sleep but my muscles won't let me rest spasms aren't fun at all
I never understood how a girl could sleep with a guy and all his friends..
The sky looks crazyy
50 cent follow me please
#honored - thanks man
I need like $800 more for the #BelieveTour. Le wondering if anybody will let me borrow some money. If not I'm committing.
why be sad ab out that? They both look good
I dont believe so...
Don't let them fool you. It's the same liquid as MGD 64, they simply changed the label.
Ooh, that looks dark. I just one-clicked it after reading the 1st 3 reviews. Sometimes Amazon is too easy!
Kobe is going to work!
Spring Forward Festival was a blast! Rocking and ROLLing down the hill at Brompton with
You wanna know who's amazing and has an amazing smile? Read the first word again(:
i used :D sarcastiically, if guys use it they are 200% douche bags.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 4
I like that a lot. Thanks!
My ideal friday: Staying in with my best friend eating pizza and dancing with the radio on full blast :)
dude! You're coming to Greensboro?! What what?!
haha my life isn't all that great
im so proud of yu
#SomeWhereOutThere is a kid who's down on her knees praying hard up to God for a whopper with cheese.
I love when Taylor Swift's documentary is on E! <3
Dont froget this sunday Bad Girls Club will be hosting at the lounge im spinning make sure you come through
the message I woke up to >>>> thank you , you are the best girlfriend ever!
Thought for today: If we are what we do and we do nothing, then who are we?
Steelers!!! for sure what about U?
NOO. I wasn't! My eyes were super red because of my contacts!
FB isn't that bad and will at least load, the new MS loads slow and never takes you to the right page. It's crazy.
Getting 12 hours of sleep
#BackInElementary I was a happy child
We will look back on this time and the bigots will feel the retribution that the bigots of the 60s have felt.
That's the problem. An employee damages business prospects, the management is going to take action.
Wow those Stuggy's guys are workin' it (they own Rye too)
Thank you for the kind words Mark.
hey thanks for the invite! done, and done! :))
Oh right, it's Mother's Day...
Check Six's Syckness with a 2-0 extended series takes on RGNFuture, winner moves on to the champ bracket
These five hour energy shots really do work.
reach out to Steve pease. The good senator will probably send u a copy!
you have a TV, don't you? and you posted your score request online, lol. i hear the internet is good for finding information.
On another note.... I'm dying for fro-yo. But I'll settle for some apple slices.
Anyone else loving this live #MetGala stream? #Valentino and #SJP are a powerhouse duo.
also, come hear play in our living room on Sunday, May 27th at 7pm! I promise it will be lots of fun. and HILARIOUS.
happy birthday Nicole? The Chippendales were all booked so hopefully the pizza is a fair substitute.
The Trouble With Girl on
I like all this music imagery is using at #umwfa12 my inspiration: fela.
need to stop speedin, almost killed us & shit. lol
No way in hell I'm clicking on that photo!!!
Really great photo...
I haven't partied ina while...savin up for MY BDAY!!=P
the writer of the column had an apology to Manny. And he clarified too that all that was written in the column was his opinion.
Game 6 is tonight. I should be at the Amway Center right now. Ugh
Apparently I didn't get the memo that pregnant was the new black
This was a good game Clippers played a hard game
Just ran out of gummy bears as I'm doing homework, oh no.
thanks so much!
#HEAT need to pick it up that was a horrible quarter
I love y'all too :-)
Wow, it's been awhile. Boulderfest 2009 is coming July 24 25 26 @ the Wedge. Upwards of 30 bands over the 3 days and its FREE. See website.
The definition of the word !Beautiful does not involve the word skinny! JS!!
Finally joined !
Oh, SUCH a tough question! Probably Genie?
Hi , Thanks for the Follow and let's definitely speak about ; Very Interested :) | #SocialGood!
the guys behind me bought "skip the line" passes off a scalper for $5. That guys I sent over to u lied m said he had some. sry
I'm so missing out on Vegas. We must be connected becuz I'm playing with lipsticks. Have fun & hugs to all the ladies.Behave
we are always happy to help, gald you are still with and picked up the brand new Galaxy S 2!
you got it!
Thx Gary for shoutout/support of KikScore. Was actually just telling yesterday have not seen you in long time.
Are we ready to stop comparing #facebook and #twitter to drugs and alcohol? I think we understand!
in honor of the superbowl, we're playing pong w/ liquor in the cups tonight. any ideas for which booze to use?
In #21stME session
I bought a fish tank today. It's great finally being old enough to take care them. Animals are awesome
Children are not the solution, Pope!
Only 2 hrs left of class and I get to go home, eat dinner and sleep. I hate Tuesdays!
me too.. I think it might have been an OS update from the other day. It starts the game but then crashes.
disregard last tweet , it's a bit chilly - #gottago - I seen u with a coat
You are correct! Listened to it on NPR. Sad.
You only die once, that's the motto nigga..YODO
had a good day wiff elijahhh:)
Was gona retweet but I cant, thank you P.B.C
What I need is some good, happy, uplifting news
Will someone please shoot a puck directly towards Pierre McGuire's forehead?
wait...you participated in this entire discussion without pants?
knife bic pen and an apple. Let me know if u need details
Does it get any better than museum?
And then Bibby knocks that down!
Jessica is life style . life whole . Jessica is my everything and She is like me (:
has some big news. . . . we'll announce soon. . stay tuned!
as a matter of fact I'm eating an ultimate cheeseburger and tweeting at the same time
Got an interview tomrw! Fucking right great way to start off the weekend
a friend was going to get it for a birthday gift but it was sold out. I have been bitter and sad ever since.
Hoping this pain in my left shoulder will heal. Feels like my arm is gonna pop out!
All products are recycled to protect our world and environment!
...but aren't those three judges from Dancing With The Stars supposed to be like, the smartest people in America?
An ace gate fevers the ideological violence.
Let Apple train the docents on iPads
RT : Happy World Fair Trade Day! Got any pictures of #FairTrade Certified products you'll be enjoying today? We'd love to...
I started on the knowledge check shit but got like two Mo pages left hit my line I can shoot u Da answers or Jus findem on ytb
Where did the last week or so go?
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a mosquito.
okay..goin back on my other account,... :(
On the bright side, the weather is oddly beautiful today...
you tweeted that we unfollowed you. just being nice and reaching out wondering if you will be ok since we don't follow u anymore
Happy Veterans Day to all those who have honored our country. We woof you.
he disappeared at the end of 5th grade
same .. :) watta boring day! Hays
Jordan Knight from The New Kids on The Block.
PLEASE go to CLHS conditioning tomorrow. It'd make my day
sorry Blake - disagree this time
the video to Gucci This is amazing .! im so proud of you guys ..im a hugee fun and you all havee came a long way ! : )
Who knows— there were a lot of surprises tonight. Maybe there will be surprises in November.
i actually have not got that one, ever. haa. c: nah. you're fine.
What sort of designs were you looking for?
Love, Live, Life
Librarian portfolio? Yes, thanks! I will!
Everyday I'm Hustling
You belong wherever you are! Stay strong!
RT: HipHopEd 4 memorization purposes & 2 gain interest, use that rhythm & create sum lyrics based on the concepts & numbers.
WE WANT THE CUP. WE WANT THE CUP. WE WANT THE CUP.
Large parts Dane & MKE out tho RT 57% wards reporting, Walker w/ 27,654-vote lead over all Dem candidates combined.
Robots in disguise are way cooler than Moriarty.
Good seeing you at TC. Looking forward to hanging out more at #NYCMER2012. Thanks for the good luck wishes!
HUMP DAY!! $4 Italian Margaritas tonight! Plus Geeks who Drink! Come in and test your skills!!
Man I went to the welfare office today with my homegirl, and maaannnn, hhhhhoooooeeee train!!!!
Please, help us bring smiles to children in Haiti that are in desperate need today. Go to www.fosterbuddies.com
w/ GU's ARC & DiversAbility we are hosting 2 sessions addressing employment resources & rights for students with disabilities! 3/19 & 3/22
Today is the day, the last game of our football season. HU @ Delaware State 1pm
Well we are talking about development and how airports can be, adapt or change, right? That's what I'm talking about.
omg forreal tho,I'm so mad.He's so close,and hes legit my favorite person on planet earth.I hate my liiiiiffffe.
dont u hate it when the people u love make u wanna poor gasoline on ur self and light a match????
Thanks for #FF Best of luck to all #Lammy2012 contenders!
Whats the point of getting my hopes up if you crush them every time.
This nigga singin next to me.
Had a great dinner last night with ! #Sushi and #wine !
what is your position?
Oh the push pull that makes theworld go round. LEts try.
Time to watch Inside the NBA for the first time in a week!
Heard the good news! Congrats!
I only entered the witness protection program for the free plastic surgery.
Slogging through horizontal and vertical lines in linear geometry. A lot of simple code - must be a more elegant way.
thanks love!
WE BUY GOLD! PAY MOST ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99! WE SIZE WATCHES , REPAIRS!great deals all week $ START NEW YEAR SAVING!
ha twitter is a tattle tell ... I only played for like 5 min. I suck but still better than 44% :P
ha! Yes. We can see it from our house!
I'm the long-haired hermit who doesn't make eye contact for fear he'll be asked who he writes for and the sham will be exposed
#Lunchtime! Craving Mexican? We've got your fix! Stop by for some Chilo
Great news!!! Job just called back I work tomorrow 10-6 .. Let's do it !!!
Did I just see at target? I think so
totally wish hizzi ya nawaem was still on and was shown over here. ugh. anyways, drive safe tomorrow!
Aw, its true. We Defend Gaga <3
headed to the march of babies. come join us its for a great cause, and who doesn't want to see babies march?
of course x
If you have $200 in groceries and you don't let the guy with one item go ahead of you in line, you're a bad person.
your voice is fucking amazing, can't stop listening to Last Day xD :)
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
I called you back!
#Shoutout to all the followers, may you all have a blessed day and week!
thank you, your dance team was pretty good too :)
It's not even 12 yet & I want some booze. Preferably a margarita please.
President Washington would be so disappointed if he knew I was throwing his face on weak bitches with battered shapes
My most recent blog shows the shearing :)
I have to excavate my desk before I can make more progress today. But I think I'm going to need Heinrich Schliemann to come help.
your new\old avi looks like you have a coonskin cap on in the thumbnail :) no nice way to say it.
Chris Paul the new member of the L.A. Clippers
who won't be there?
Exclusive: Family Demands Truth in Air Force Pilot&#39;s Death
Scott: "We are going to have to be ready for whoever that team is coming out of that game (Troy vs ULL). They differ from other SBC teams."
I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR #SaySomethin AGAIN IT WAS #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD :)
I still can't get over how good The Avengers was. I think I'm gonna go see it again soon. Fucking GREAT movie!
Is everything becoming racialized? As a black man I see Injustice and horror here does race need to be here too?
Safe to say Manning Madness will be reduced to 49ers and Titans?
Ill always like you for being an Ann Romney fan.
it's not over yet Tater-tot. The oven cld heat up and u still might get burnt! Be on watch.
they had a show on Centric with Keith Sweat. I didn't watch it. My guess is it didnt go well. Haven't heard ne music frm thm.
If you were Arnold's Bar and Grill last night, what's your experience with the band?
. These days you really can publish online as an indie author. If yr book is amazing but has niche appeal rather than mass.
Kinda interesting. Vancouver's soccer team lost 3-1 tonight to Kansas City.
sorry that was supposed to read "Activity Tracking" built in
I hope you're right dude... I'd love to see it happen and I think if they got in they could pull an upset or two
"choice" is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs. paid work if the choice is 2 be economically dependent on a partner
Hmm. Maybe a spontaneous ticker-tape "parade". I'd go for that.
You're lookin so good in what's left of those blue jeans
Aria is so plush. Maybe my favorite poker room anywhere. Well run, nice design, comfy chairs, low rake. Going today for the third day str8.
Dam it got all them cry babies in their feelings lol
never got around to reading that book
it realllyyy is:/
Ok, Let's show these DC chumps whats up!
Starting now. Ill be done at 730
Writer of 'Higher Ground' brings real struggles to screen - Champaign/Urbana News-Gazette
That's great, I'm really glad to hear that! The site looks good. Thank you so much for supporting us! Keep in touch.
I don't doubt you aren't alone. The world is full of critics.
Anytime! Thanks for the El Diablo Margaritas!
I should make another app, somewhere between OPEN MIC LIST, and Grindr
Man I've never had so much fun waiting on a movie to start! These people are crazy! #serioustwilighters!
is so excited to be getting toast
so since ur a wrestling fan who do think sent that message
Just out hot sauce in my chicken noodle soup... Feelin iy
Filming in the morning... LAST BREATH putting #bootstoasses layin the smackdown on jabronis
Y'all the bartenders at The Parlor Market in Jackson can make a hell of a fine cocktail.
Fearsome Five Taking Over For 2011 The Year Of Fear!!!
Ordering in pizza tonight? Did you know that Americans eat the equivalent of 100 football fields of pizza a day. That's about: a. 150...
#woftreats. Good advice
Works for me! I'm putting you down on my calendar now :) and just for blocking out the day, when do you need to take off?
Heading over to Krispy Kreme for the weekend? Don't forget to check in on or !
I am proud to support for #az09!
173 followers away from putting up a clip from our brand new song :D <3 you all for the amazing support
#FF for the best in Music Travel, Festivals, Culture and other things that good people should know about.
Thank you and you are welcome
The soccer boys did great tonight!
what it do
either im getting sick or my allergies fucking suckk.
Really? Noone going up to Thomas? Smh. What has this world come to
Aghh i wanna jump off the pier again. So much is running through my mind right now
Thanks for sharing the link.
Not sure how I signed up 4 california living social deals but every time I get them it makes me hate my life so much cooler stuff 2 do there
what is this?! Golden oreos?????
My German class is full of idiots. Makes me cringe during presentation time
this team is working there bottoms off to show us fall 2012 can't wait!
burger king salad<3
Zucker, Didier, Bennett and Knowlton participating in pre-game skate. Phillips not on the ice. All are still game-time decisions.
is that really something to brag about tho..
I fly, you fly, we fly together. I shine, you shine, we shine together.
When you're the reason he smiles>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
: omg, like, waaaayyy
Studying for these exams has been to boring lol. I didn't realize how dry my classes have been until now. Womp womp. Lol
Spent time waiting in line outside speaking to a delightful couple. Really helped pass the time
'One more step upstage when you're masturbating'. Rehearsal quote of the day.
3 months later, I'M BACK! Move to NY? Yup. Audition more in Baltimore now that I'm not there? Yup. Maybe I'll actually keep up with this now
My group would scheldule a meeting 15 minutes after iu tipoff... Im gonna go ahead a wrap this thing up in a hurry
You dont know me , and this is crazy, but heres my twitter, follow me mabey
Have you played the Valley 9 at Deer Valley yet?
“: I'm kind of excited to move (:” NO.
I wanna go home. :(
Ohio U. #HeyClark! RT : Clark Kellogg's son can shoot the rock! Just banged in another 3, stretches Ohio's lead to 35-22.
Happy 175th birthday, #Chicago. You don't look a day over 165.
ain't even think about a nigga doe
Buy her favorite son a big Lobster... it's a win win : )
Saving those text messages that make you smile:)
The self is not something that one finds it is something that one creates.
On the kiddie train with at celebration station
On draft: funky jewbelation, 471- Whiskey Barrow Aged, & Karma ale! Drink Well, Drink
you're welcome
UT Dallas chapter of American Advertising Federation will meet tonight from 6 - 7 pm in SOM 1.217.
Cc: RT : #LumiaApp tip: Traveling to another country? Use Bing Vision to translate menu text
You get NOTHING for nothing.
Another beautiful night at Firefly...open til 11!
FINALLY GOT MY INTERNET BACK! YES..
I no longer question the journey. I'm just going to be thankfull
it's SO FLUFFY!
IM PREGNANT AGAIN!!!!!!
Happy birthday, !
but on a night like tommrrow i wouldnt fuck wit me
its called the wake up call
RT : " I keep myself it'll be fine, you can't make everyone happy all of the time." #ProvidenceShow Can't WAIT!
Lol me too
Hm not fat squirrel. Not much flavor. Maybe the taste has gone with outdoor aging?
Sometime in September, no exact date set yet.
Dvr is set ! RT : Appearing on The Dr. Oz Show today share 4 of my top cancer fighting supplements for 2012
don't tell berlusconi
I have been dreaming for almost one third of my life
whens your graduation?
Enjoy the game! PS- are you here President's Day weekend?
Jodeci's "Love You For Life" reminds me of late nights with Whisper, Recall, n'em...
hope you feel better!
You are a fan! YOU ARE THE COOL ONE!
Full day without Twitter & I feel completely removed. What did I miss? Despite in-person meetings all day I feel digitally disconnected!
"The same was you hate Russell, you hate Colton." no. I hate Colton and love Russell.
are they trying to spell something out? RT : i just don't understand why these cats wanna take their shirts off on tv.
Many administrators and legislators love the numbers game. I call it #numberworship and think they can be a placebo
#Paws Your Hands Up Me #We Can Be Strongs (RoadToLove) #Holy Fool #Work It Black Jesus
Just Zumba'd my butt off! I think if Katniss can survive the arena twice then I can lose this weight! Yep I'm a nerd!
We are ready for more restaurants! Are you in the Milwaukee area? Would you like more information? Email Carrie @ WeHaveYourFood dot com
Crest Cleaners offers green-friendly cleaning agents, 24-hour drop-off service, same-day dry cleaning, and convenient home delivery.
It was funny today when I was at Walmart and I guess saw you on a Jackson Hewitt ad. It was you, wasn't it?
don't be sad, they secretly hate eachother.
webvideo reach for the total U.S. population: Google Display Network at 46.7%, Tremor Media at 46.3% and BrightRoll Video Network at 37.3%.
I still think u and Amber should do one for old time sake
#WhyAreYou Not living at 9920? Check us out www.9920az.com
Exploring the Turf exhibit. What a great display of Indy artistic talent!
One more sunset, baby I'd be satisfied.
Casually watching dexter
Buddhist wedding in the Castro. My best man was black (not that it matters)
I think that, with a twelve man staff, it shouldn't matter.
I love this city but people need to start supporting those who are sacrificing to give others opportunities
If Tampa scores please let it be 2 runs. I have the Under and Tampa, and would settle for the split.
Chris Brown came at Rihanna on that Theraflu freestyle. No doubt about it. He needs to never get on Kanye's beats again, though.
It's good to know that people I honestly don't know, care. It's nice.
My Google suggest no longer shows the statistics. Does anyone know how I can get this back.
"If you can be told what you can see or read, then it follows you can be told what to say or think."
I am guilty And of that I confess I have been thinking of another girl in obsess I am sorry if it causes distress But I never loved you
ugh Laura, usually it's just at night before I go to sleep. suggested jack & coke to wash it down next time!
Want to start making dairy-free ice cream at home. Any favorite recipes or tools out there?
I wasnt disappointed but I wasnt ready either.
Great chills today. We didn't get shit done but we had fun just doing nothing.
Excited For New Jonas Album 39
Stay out of Hollywood tomorrow. Gonna be jammed because Obama is going to be around there doing events..
You can not buy beer; you can only rent it. ("Archie Bunker")
Mrs. Chase would've been peeved if Angela had done LSD!
RELEASES TODAY, PARTY PEOPLE!! GO WATCH , , Christian Serratos AND MY WHITE ASS AT YOUR AMC AND iTUNES!
hey since i signed it can i get a shoutout plz? :)
whenever something renders weird, I switch browsers, works about half the time. It may be on Google's end tho
Mcbob is terrible when points matter
Pretty sure that if there's a sequel to the 'This Ain't Scary Movie X' porn the universe will implode.
"Where am I now? I don't know how I wound up in this place again."
"I recommend this book. 4 out of 5 stars (-1 star for the indoctrinating tone)." -review of People's History of the United States on Amazon
I like girls that wear Abercrombie & Fitch I'd take you if I had one wish <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
packer fan followers needed lmao
Great blog, just found it tonight. You've got great passion and a wonderful long line of successes!
I hate it when your friend flirts with the person you like and they flirt back </3
Drunken nights, sober endings
it is in the kitchen now!
am i creative
stupid weather! urghhhh!
Congrats on the partnership w/ Get Schooled for your doc. Extremely important & timely issue that needs exposure.
So happy for my friends and they will be great first time parents. So happy for you both.
Lobo Nation stand strong. We've played only 1 game of football & it was against #11 Oregon take a deep breath. And our next game is @ home.
I can't stop yawning today, and I even had coffee this AM too
Great pic, nothing like the beach life!
I'm hungry I want some honey gold wings
It's driving me out of my mind! That's why it's hard for me to find... ;-)
4th period.. Ruins my day.
Glad the Baseball Tonight doubting Thomases are about done stripping down the #Marlins. Let's play ball!
feelin like having a dance party with me,myself,and i
Whoever created those little hoodrats on the news from the Northland carnival...you should have used protection.
do your best
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." ~ Simone de Beauvoir
and his verse on 'Throw Some D's Remix' is filthy lol
OpenGrounds &quot;a place to find open ground and open sky&quot; -Rita Dove
I wonder what is #wearing for H's big night!
Tea time.
Still thinking of you but you dont even notice me:(
When people correct my sentences<<<
Hey hoe I'm going to dolores park later today with some friends, you should come.
that looks so yummy. Did you end up trying any?
both of us have big duffel bags and you take my seat? stupid bitch.
Resting up for a big night!
Sarah Brown bringin tonigh at The Listening Room- Nashville, TN
Hurtful. Even with the clarification. Still a bit of a bite...
Happy Trans Thursday!
Thanks for the follow. I love the dinosaurs puking rainbows background. Ha, and all the tweets of course. :)
idk y i feel like this
You're Welcome and you both are lucky to have each other. :)
We are so excited to be playing this Saturday at Arlenes Grocery in NYC. Hope you can make it too! .. <3 bri
"I can't give u a formula for success, but I can give u one for failure: try to please everybody all the time"
is glad that her pants finally arrived, even if they only sorta fit.
Gotcha grandma on my dick lmaoooo ha ha
we stranders to eachother nd that is so sad you use to be my dawg !
Excited to talk about arts administration
Raul & G made reservations for brunch in the keys. Wonderful Mother's Day weekend! Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow Hot Mama's!
I guess they really were "Hard To Find"
We at Gateway if you're not here you're
Ferrandino acknowledges "other battles to come" in effort to put #civilunions on Guv's desk.
Post Industrial Society 1969 "analysis will not focus on inner workings of social system but on formation of historical activity"
I am so glad I started following so I can read this conversation
Thanks for the #birthday wish !
Thank you for getting up with Walter this morning. I feel like a whole new woman! Off to work...
Signed up for delivery on Monday. No paper yet, They say "tomorrow for sure!" three days in a row. One more chance, then I cancel.
YOUR WELCOME LOVE MUFFIN.
Dear Heart, Please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, that's it.
Heading to the grocery store and the home to make dinner, early bedtime tonight. Gotta get up at the crack of dawn to get my man to his race
With About to watch Asssscat!
I tried!!
The are hosting Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz at 8pm in the Riggs Library. Stop by if you can!
Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous or boastful or proud. 1 Corinthians 13:4
GAMETIME! Starting 5 for the Jam: J.Wise, D. Byars, R. Major, A. Koch, B. Butch
i believe the idea was to use the accounts to drive traffic to some website they were developing
that's a loaded question. What color socks? What kind of socks? What brand? How long have they been there? Do I miss them dearly?
Way to go #cardinals the lou is proud of u! #worldchamps n style n class. Great 7 games!
Looks like Tiger might be slippling again...
I think spicy foods help get rid of your cold! Right? <U+E40D>
Early morning tomorrow at the MainStreet Association Marketing breakfast! Hope to see you there!
you read it?! I was going to give it to you this weekend. Figures... See you soon!
I heart you guys! Posting photos of some of my fave finds soon.
Martin unified the penguins as the moon does with water. Without Martin its chaos! Reinstate ASAP
#questionformycrush: why are you with her? What does she have that I don't?
Thanks to you & everyone for the very kind mentions! Danko
AFPW $$$$$ Still Buzzing on a Sunday~Tuesday she will explode AFPW $$$$$
Rest day today but picked up some new running shoes 4 summer...run and train Friday to burn off german choc cake!
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ A true friend is the greatest of all blessings and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
'My names Dumbledick. How may I be of service? c;'
Thank you to all! RT : thanks for hosting!
": you going out" yea aye DM me your number..
Checked out & www.texasfilimscene.com A great tool for indie film makers! Hope they stay around longer than gindie did!
I don't know what level the Patriots are in Skyrim, but if they're below level 30 killing Giants can be pretty difficult
is there any possible way I could get a autograph? I have a Steelers tat and u r my fav player
Having awesome time at hawks game. Let's go Hawks!
Congrats to Chris.O.sauR, Diana, and Pimpsc00by for winning the Free Goodie Friday at SpankyStokes. I hope you like your goodies. :)
I sorta forgot that the original judges on America's Got Talent were Hasselhoff, Brandy, and Piers Morgan.
Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & sm drink sound delicious! Guess what? It's our dinner special tonight; just $7+tax!
Attending a webinar, along with a few colleagues, about CampusEAI Consortium's myCampus Portal Grant Briefing Showcase Featuring Arkansas S…
Painful watching others get even worse customer service than me in the service department
There will be time to repent in the bullpen. I brought my Bible to lead us all in prayer.
Done & done.
I love you my swami! Xoxo
For once, I want to talk to you again, just like the old times.
LOL!! Figured he was rockin two phones... Was thinking one might be an international phone.
See what happens when you go inside?
started reading SERAPHINA and it's good so far.
Meetings + Banging our heads together + energy drinks = Byahhhhhhhhhh Creative
<== On a road trip with my Baby!!! Tampa Florida here we come!!! #LGBT <U+2665>
I love 2012 already.
Quite so.
it begins
My nephew made it through surgery and is coming home. Thankyou God!!!!
I must be a celebrity to you lol..aww how cute
Heading out to dinner with tweet you later...
Growing up in Christ is surely the most difficult, courageous, exhilarating, and eternally important work any of us will ever do~BAMM.
do u no have an msn>
Okay, maybe in that case I'll make an exception. But otherwise, save it for Facebook.
The moment you wish your whole life was an amazing love story just like the movies.
You! xo
Mo money mo problems that's why every check I get I'm buyin mo choppas
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: IPOD Touch 3rd Generation Screen change..
This bitch has the ugliest laugh
ME too
After resting through a 100 million years we have eventually opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, bountiful with life.
Aye do you know Rick Riley? He told me he helped you start modeling back in 05'-06'.
possibly! thanks for the suggestion :)
But not more than DeLay, Armey, Bush, Pelosi, or Reid who have all let immigration reform fail out of electoral interest.
Hi there! Do you have a website we can check out?
..sorry for the fuckin' spam. <33
Super CoolThis is what happens when you unsubscribe from Groupon!
My arm is like tingling.....weird
Key learnings from my first day at : 1. Gotta get better at command-line. 2. Gotta get better at being a spy in Resistance.
If would get off Facebook we could go on a date. Geez.
that is messed up but LMAO
#WomensHealth: Workout before work. It’s easier w/a hectic schedule & you will only have to shower once (saving 72gals of water each year).
She said she can feel the love <3
Howdy! That sounds fun. Where?
thanks for the plug, Roberto! Hope all is well down there
RT : All of Israel just had a moment of silence in memory of all the fallen soldiers. Please take a moment for a......
not for six months
across the universe <3
beautiful day for it!
Couldn't be happier for you!
hoping we can land him here
This conversation right now in the car <<<<<<<
so there it is #13thingsilove theres more but 13 is all the tt is ;)
hey Thao, I want some new/unreleased music. Think you could hook me up?
: Lol im killing this subway..
Question of the day!! How much of the #NBAPlayoffs am I watching this year. Answer in a %.
Learning shouldn't just be about the what, but also the why and how.
AGAINST ALL ODDS
A good book has no ending. ~R.D. Cumming
Dinner with all the Seeds in Austin TX looking forward to great angel investing panels tomorrow
damn so we just getting it cracking all day lol
Bun B's verse in Big Pimpin in classic.
Yo Ellis when are you coming to Chicago?
hahaha What channel is this on? RT A3 #TNI "You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll hurl" hang o a sec.....
Las Vegas get your HOA off your back. 2 car driveways cleaned just $95 vegaspressurewashing.com
So, my best friend's wife's college room mate just won Survivor!! Crazy
Me too. It's such a scary and tragic situation. Prayers for you as well!
Makes our heart skip a beat, he's a #gentleman, a #scholar, and a talented #cinematographer. Thank you for your help!
So one day your like I feel like speaking English today and then the next your like I wanna speak french today. Lol
my life
great game so far. congrats on the foul ball. #watchingfrommywindowlessroom #lifeontheassignmentdesk miss you all
i fucking love you night best friend<333
I love working ! Especially when my coworker brings in homemade egg salad and makes me a sandwich just because it's Thursday! Score!
Very sad to hear about #SteveJob resigning!
Just had to complete a finger scan to enter the #MagicKingdom. What kind of kingdom is this?
yes!!! lol its catchy :)
I'm heading out to some museums but will be at Scott and Kris' - you going?
I like to sleep naked, why can't the flight attendant understand that?...
I know im big but at least it goes with my Swag!!!!
i love when band guys text me from 's phone haha
Thanks for the msg, Jennie. How'd you access the link? We'll get it corrected asap.
awww I hate getting sick!:(feel better Louis<3luv ya!
What's drug my dealer.
is my new workout buddy. Ha! Almost fell off the treadmill while typing.
First day of class! :-) Looking forward to meeting a whole new crop of students and wondering what they'll teach me this semester.
At home with with my beautiful wife. Whisky before bed or not ??? Hm!!
New IPad is enroute, currently in TA YUAN HSIANG TW. Actually feel a little guilty since they are not produced in the US.
OUR HERO FTW!
Walk @ Headlands today: landscape & the Romantic poets. Improvised song by Blake in a tunnel. Leader sd. was fave part of day, group loved.
oh yeah man!! Oh yeah!
Ryan Tannehill back w Mike Sherman
acts of librarian rebellion: shoes off at the reference desk. it's friday afternoon.
Zynga now stinks. No fun to play their games now. I miss the good old days.
Good morning, everyone & TGIF!
get it girl!
Put up some new pics of myself. Hope you like :D
The Indiana-Kentucky talk has me wondering what non-con team #Badgers fans would love to see in a yearly series. Already have Marquette
This town is so boring. :(
I have so much wisdom. I must share it with those in need.
Placing at the top of searches provide no value unless the keywords you rank high for are being searched by your customers.
rufiooooo.rufioooo. ticktockticktock hooks afraid of a big bad clock!
Twitter by phone is so much better !!.. I can always be in the know xo
who the fuck is this bitch?
reverbnation its a music site with all of my music
Home is where the vodka is.
And yeah. With Simpsons, it's kind of hard to NOT become a series that is solely about the episode. 20+ seasons?
press quote: "Google remains firmly committed to Android as an open platform." Reality: Google/Mot devices will be first in line.
Enjoy! MT : Finally bought 1st issue of 's long-form literary/journalism @ Pas LitFest. Can't wait to read it!
To get through the traffic barricade to the Strip in time for !
Sign Up for Spinning at 11:00am Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND class start's at 12:15pm. Then finish up with...
ah, hey chrissy :) how are ya?
Has anyone ever told you that your Cosby sounds like Kissinger after a stroke?
I had on normal size ones. Lol
Thanks, I was going to ask, but hadn't gotten to it yet. :-)
Yikes, what do you plan on doing here?RT “: Without the death-penalty, US would be a nicer country to travel in”
what's for lunch Mary?
um so i totally cannot find that tweet #sweetbaby!
I'm definitely thinking about it.
dont worry i'll talk to u when im done i said
balls. i just saw this....not even gonna make up something. forgot. i have an idea. why don't we aim 4 coffee every other wk?
Thanks for the follow, Mark! Catch our live show We have 2 brand new songs. we!
Oh, it's so annoying when I don't forward chain messages and I die the next day.
most indubitably
Cool. I almost hope it doesn't live up to your hype, though. I'd be sad at the end of it :(
Yesterday was Fight Procrastination Day, but we waited until today to start. Got distracted watching cases of MGD 64 on the brewery lines.
gettin set 4 some crazy ass partyin in tally for game, Go Noles
Book your holiday party between now and August 1st to get the Christmas in July Special 2010 pricing.
Hey Arnold! :)
guess UW scout team jus couldn't simulate 'Cuse athleticism, or they neglected to watch film. So much for defense
Dang woke up today and I could almost feel the positive energy :) the universe is good ;D
hey! Where are you? I'm back left :-)
Thanks Mike, just left a vm for you @ the office. Hope to connect on soon.
Why do you call them Ni**as/Ni**ers?
too bad you're in school. You might get sick today. Venture to western OK...and pick me up on your way!
RT this if ur CATS will beat the cards and bring home
my bad u can follow me back with your sexy self
#YOLO is retarded. It should be #YOLUYRN : You Only Live Until You Reach Nirvana
Do you work Thursday?
Gotta read up on some of this book for Ross class.
I give you Internet hug ok? Ok! ~hug--
Oh chicken wings what a wonderful thing
I am so honored! (and have already eaten two of them!) So glad to meet.
"Just because we use cheats doesn't mean we're not smart."
Rosen's claim that Romney doesn't understand economic issue women face is true for a reason she didn't mean. Stay-at-home moms understand >
How was Sunday for everyone? Relaxing and filled with friends and family?
I love this. It's going to fb. Lol! Thank you for the post:)
Happy Easter!
how is it me .... I just spoke to yu
Club One is having a reunion...... You will see us there!
Guy I ended it with sent me an article "7 mistakes women make w men" so I did what any mature adult would do and Rick Rolled him.
I like 2 put on Hulu when I drink wine. Pretend , r drinkn w/ me
www.youtube.com/st0fam <--- Stay Tuned
Google Buzz's displayed Top Stories "How Facebook Breeds Jealousy"....#Buzz not-so-subtle campaign war?
hip hip hooray!
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg single JUICED UP FREE!!! on youtube Thanks... Juelz
was there a new #GCB this past Sunday?
Some songs just sound better at 2 am...
has highest approval rating of anyone in this state, lets ask him: Do you think athletes should b allowed to transfer freely
RT : It sucks when you pick the wrong session at #2011icf Better session descriptions are needed, especially for the 4 hour...
thanx nice 2 know tripled since Labor day when they come Miami FL Czech Republic SDC International
Yup! Didn't know you were roomies! I def got owned today by on the pull up bar & plank at Just ask him!
keep doin work !
My nigga said stay in yo bubble
My mum said to me when I had my music loud cause I couldn't hear it "I'm gonna be pissed if I have to buy you hearing aids turn it down" wow
Beautiful day in L.A. Enjoy the weather!
1Co 13:13 And now faith, hope, charity, these three remain; but the greatest of these is charity.
that is a very very smart idea.
I feel so alone/:
Not to mention the absolute restriction of many books.
Feelings that cannot be denied! :-)
Thas a fade RT : Going for a FADE every 1 Closes tomorrow ????
Remind me next year to schedule working from bed on my birthday...especially if it's going to be cold and rainy.
that's exactly what I wanted to know.
The thaw begins #WAslush in Seattle. Flooding possible if past patterns hold true.
#ChuckieCheese for your #Birthday? You might think twice about the kid pizza palace after hearing THIS NEXT
lee...how about we get lunch/coffee/drink one day soon? shoot me an e-mail at scottporad at gmail.
and yet another episode in the series of 12 hour illnesses that is my life.
Bookshelves... Are heavy.
Going bring my puppy izzy wizzy to get her shots today..hope she does good...
When should I start achieving excellence in my life? Do it now.
'Rabbit hutch' home plan rejected - Daily Echo
very true and a lot will be on NBC scheduling since they'll be replaying on TV nxt day & access 2 digital content
Hey tell to pass my name over to I'd like to audition for Mr. Perry one day
can alex sing!?
Poop Chutes & Ladders
Man problems and trust issues.
RT : I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.*
who wants 2 hear me rap...if u do wait in about 10min
#IfAliensAttack ill hide under my bed,,,in the pheatle position.
Just had the best food in Ft. Lauderdale an all vegan restaurant. If you go leave room for the coconut cake, enough to share.
lol ok why do you delete your Facebook?
Remarks by the Postal Service Board of Governors Chairman and Postmaster General - MarketWatch (press release)
I'm sending rain your way ;)
nope but I don't use it very often
Your welcome Laura :D
MOVIE THURSDAY, starts at DUSK.: Steel Magnolias... Giddy Up!
If you'd told me last week that people would soon be boycotting Susan G. #Komen for the Cure, I would have thought you were delusional.
Lets talk about the word regimen. I really hate that word.
Thanks for the RT today! Have a great evening!
I care! That's awesome! I just saw my uncle perfom ther on sat. Have a great show!!
O good idea. Lol. : A picture of the outfit please!!
New topic - Now that DPR confirmed that E-M5 is a killer camera...
If I didn't make the sensor melt can I get a copy of the best mug shot of me? I keep looking for a new profile pic.
Enjoyed his Ocean Beach stroll - finally t-shirt weather again despite the ginormous waves!
#3WordsOfAdvice Just Be Yourself.
See All Yall in nashville at studio this next week
DP10 is getting backlash b/c they are directly calling out women, tongue-in-cheek or not, still pisses off the feministas.
I wonder if people even bother reading your tweets or just fire away dumb questions that you have answered 100 times already
With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians, Car Crafters can take care of all your car maintenance needs.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
One of my kids finally noticed that I don't appear in too many family photos. Dad with camera is like the Keyser Söze of family members.
thank you! Did you see Rough Road to Glory w/ John Atz?
RT : I'm not saying she's a slut, I'm just surprised that Facebook has not made her vagina a place to "check in" yet.
-I hope Pres Obama doesn't make Boehner cry. I hate when that happens
It’s such a warm fall day! Try one of our cool shrimp cocktails with dinner!
Ah I need to feel better by Friday.
hahah yes! Only smart people dream about you.
At the Celtics game making good use of the season tickets. Our team still looks weird
"It's difficult when every person place and thing is keeping me from her."
their lives are a near miss.
Now, prepping the apt. for Looking forward to seeing a friend.
congrats and welcome to the 13x world champion green bay packers!
#NotGonnaLie these chocolate, blueberry pancakes are amazing! With a side of vodka & lemonade #fatty #
Feeling kinda useless.
What does it mean when the IRS accepts ur return but when u go to where's my refund a week later, they give u a # to call w/an ext??? YIKES
So far, loving the new Seesmic Desktop. Can't wait for more upgrades. Like, where is my FriendFeed account?
Promoters needed for the upcoming shows! Tweet/Direct Message/Facebook/Inbox if interested
It gets better. RT 6 minutes in. Thats the point I fell in love with Generation Kill. The mini monologue.
Watching my kids flourish in their education, and seeing their self esteem grow is all I need to see that B&M public school have it wrong.
howdy do!
I actually think someone mentioned Whoopi was wearing on the View, but don't watch it. lol
#GreatTwitterPage. You are representing #iamUWM. #Thanks!
I wonder if Evelyn's brand of aggressiveness is any less sinister, though?
Just added a loss to the jd fighting record...disappointed in myself : ( but hey you lose some you win some
Spending time with my mom tomorrow and surprising her when she gets home from work by taking her somewhere and going to Walmart!! =D
is the truth from behind the arc. This will be quite interesting to see her vs. Shurna
#eventplanners refer your event #promoproduct and #swag ordes to us and earn referral fees. Contact for more details!
What is H&M?
Heaven is such that all who have lived well, of whatever religion, have a place there.
we should sing that song for choir
That moment when you bend your knee after sitting for a while and feel like an old woman.
I'm so happy
...it shows off his curves lmao
sounds divine!
you know what, that's bullshit. No one is forced to do shit, it's what U all choose to do @ ESPN is speculate every fucking thing
the National Mall of course :)
Yay! Can't wait to see. :)
Excited to play with and at this Thursday! Going to be an insane dance party!
I agree. I think Leonard from SDSU will be a nice pro.
RT AND POST ON MY FB PAGE AS WELL AS GIVE IT TO MANY THAT MAYBE INTERESTED..THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME KNOW
Madison's is into Lupe Fiasco
Sorry to sound stupid... But what is up with the watermelon thing today?
Ramirez opens the doors for his old mates....
OH: Isn't Glen Campbell dead? No. Oh, what about John Denver?
Hi everyone! I hope you are reading this important tweet! Optimum TV's will allow you to watch Samantha's life! My show! Im her! Watch plz!
Interesting views :)
I'm going to be without Wi-Fi for about 7 days. Will be very odd.
I can be you're sponser? ;D
My lil cuz sliding in for da weekend who else coming through. S/o to for keeping lil larry in sports to
yeah... "sleeping" is not an errand... ;0)
I'm just done with everything. I feel so stupid! #ImAnIdiot!
RT : "I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." - Bill Cosby
Thanks for the tasty eats cold bevs and hangover this morning. #awesome party
you and your partner wouldnt stand a chance against me and my partner...Yasmin Ortiz
At JRs Dallas TX
Bitch is making me do one of those eye sight tests. I CANT OPEN MY LEFT EYE.
You're first on the invite list for next time. Enjoy your day off!
I'm in a delicate state right now. My emotions are running wild. So, sorry.
Watching some of Paris-Roubaix. Hearing and makes me so excited for July!! Love.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
YIKES! We also need a photographer to shoot our show Friday night. Small fee and free seat are yours! email asap
"Submit yourselves for the Lord’s sake to every human authority: whether to the emperor, as the supreme authority" -1 Peter 2:13
RT : Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Fuck you pay me
Definite yes to meetings in Hawaii. choose waves over windowless hotel rooms. Still open: defining and assessing impact. Wrong question?
I don't WANT to move one. I want to BUILD my OWN.
thanks Edie!! you guys at Y-ME rock and keep up all the GOOD you do!!!!! :)
Nice! I am praying for good weather this year (last year was SO cold)
Last nite we saw a young man w/a FULLY EXPOSED GUN hanging off his jeans in a holster @ a Muncie Walmart. Staff did NOTHING!
About to be at Piedmont Park w Somebuddy come hang!
Agree! RT To me, Justin Bieber's video Boyfriend looks good and great.
What are you grateful for this weekend?
No, like Cole called out and isn't coming.
concur. and btw -- you're a sophisticated Draw Something draw-er
#secretturnon some1 i can smoke wit during sex
If you "like" Hopes High on facebook you will get a free download of our song Move Stop Wait!!! DO IT!!! www.hopeshigh.com
I see a #Forbes cover in my future.
Thank you! Enjoy, Dubai! RT : Just discovered on Spotify. Never heard of y'all before, but you're awesome.
I hate how chocolate immediately melts on my fingers. I mean... am I that HOT?
damn, that should have read Fremont St.
my mom is getting so caught up in the novela. omg
xD the funniest thing happnd during my boring as fuck math class ..it waz such an awkward silence and SKRILLY'S MUSIC..
aww that's so sweet <U+E022>
Is Barry Melrose the only hockey guy at ESPN? Seems weird that they have 20-odd ex-jocks for every other sport, but only one for hockey...
I wanna gypsy boy <3
We need to make #TheUsociety(c) shirts!
Oh no! HAHA! That'll teach her to not smoke!
hope you feel better, good luck with your run!
When will you be in Madison? It would be great to meet up. :)
Assuming that is true, wouldn't I, as a 13 year old Asian giraffe, be on my way out?
ready for round two? It's much better upon a second viewing and ample time for digestion
Dear Asshole, making illegal left-hand turns across 3 lanes when U are in the furthest right lane is INSANE! You almost killed me & my dog!
. I saw new signage, screaming low prices. The ones I knew, were higher. Not confident. The Shell deal is/has been a scam.
Hey Vander, please don't shoot jump shots.
Thanks for all the RT love this week!
DM me with your email address and I'll try to help you out
Beer???? I don't see why I wouldn't have a beer! Happy Cinco de Drinko!!!!
Nice try, Bitch. But everyone knows you're a liar. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
My grandparents who live in Wisconsin came to visit, and I had no idea! It was a surprise! I freaked out! You?<U+2665> :]
House Education Committee hearing HB 1228. Expands accountability of and access to charter schools in MO.
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you can't fit the jack under your car :/
I had when gross people try to flirt with me. It takes a shot at my self esteem.
me too
“: Instead of putting students in their place, put yourself in the student's place. #edchat #isutotal”
srry late reply about app.A great programmer here in baton rouge that helps me with game development.R u thinking of doing 1?
I love you, sweetstuff. c: <U+2764>
hey iBieberHeartsJp i followed her
Baby Boy You Be Young Forever !
nothing to wathc on tv totally bored is anyone in arizona rite now
I wish Sexy Sax man would interrupt my workout.
Sympathizing with the one armed man. #twin peaks #sprained wrist
Never be afraid to achieve GREATNESS!!! (a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
Why do I always think of Richmond when I hear the Hoodoo Gurus? Someone out there knows...
i got burned, but you're the real loser. i don't know why i waisted my time with you.
like "Do you have family here?" or " Do you like the Cubs?"
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
Albuquerque and it's random crazy downpours of rain
getting ready for school......unfortunately
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not murder the Queen's English.
CNN suspends Roland Martin for Remarks on Twitter. Also because people don't like when he talks in real life
Disclaimer: No mics were injured in the making of this video.
Free Show Tonight: Lakeside Lounge on Lake Wisconsin, in Poynette, WI! Fireworks at dusk! 6PM-10PM.
Yep. Makes me wonder what other kludges we've taken for granted for too long. It's still a kludge, just nicer.
true he left handed.
party rockinnn! (: hate this song lol but its addicting
Once a person think your down,instead of helpn u up, they will try 2 walk right over yo ass!
more mustachy. And sideburns. And a full mountain man beard.
“: Did you know that Alfredo our painter was in jail for a month?” >> great.
A little under three hours...#SPN ....woot.....
I have reached 15 million reads on Bleacher Report. That's kind of a massacre of brain cells. Shit, mah bad.
Who does your extend to further? Brady or Tebow?
r cassie_jnes Hi!! How r u doing?
#Shoutout to all my followers I know it seem like im taken foreva but its well worth it Dec 31 2011 11: 59pm Dropn new shit follow me
4% of the worlda money is paper...the rest is electronic...homes are the new credit card..NAMASTE
White people are terrible witnesses.
LOLL I'm justkidding that'd be funny tho
All the great minds throughout the centuries have always said one way or another to begin with the end in mind.
Ok I think it's safe to say I'm dealing with a mild state of depression. I don't really know what else I can do with this music. MIRACLE!
On the road to bowling green! Let's get it dawgs!
legend as big as Bullfrog :)
- Chargers of course! :)
legit. I'll take what I can get.
Sewickley Spa is challenging YOU to support classical music. Call this hour (10-11am) with your pledge and watch it double!
i just want to violate you.
Hi KariAnn :) Really nice bags!
CATASTROPE City SD Auditor proposes mandatory cat registration. Demaio pounced on it next thing they will want is national ID for cats.
Ridiculously good episode "Muscle Woman" is, by the way. Love it.
whoo! Let me see that ass! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
No regrets
she was just shaking her head & I swear her hair didn't move!
Ready 2 make a change in American education? #IAspireTo. On 3/19, watch the live stream & join our live tweeting from #GradNation Summit.
I did double wrap it, but it still happened!!!
Good stuff, dude! Let's talk about you joining the rebellion through e-mail!
Can't tell if outfit is stupid or stylish
I fricken love
Thank you for speaking out. This article is very triggering and has no place in the universe.
Blah, nah****** def not. Not nagging lol
go youtube lola monroe than come back and talk 2 me I might respond I dunno though miss english girl..ps I HATE ur accent :)
That was fast.
Ariana Is A Real G :]
In love per usual :P
yo where u at?!!! , And I are about to go in on some grub and brews!!! Get to my casa asap lmao!
thought of another one-word possibility--FRAYED.
Arie Chan has a pre-season NFL winner today.. I'm trying to convince him to post it for you guys!
That's easy: #Canada, for starters ;)
Wednesday Night Specials : $2 U-Call it Wells, $8 Lg. Pitcher of Sam Adams and $1.50 Bottles of PBR
HUGE thanks to Scott S. for your super early $25 donation!! Go team !!
Sounds good, I'll be aiming for the 29th!
I Just looked at my free matches on eHarmony, I found my wife's profile looking for another husband.
When guys want a REAL relationship but yet there chancing hoes SMH -.-
someone I know had a tragic thing happen to him, his dad died a few days ago. Can you pray for him?
RT : And stop saying #RNS when u can't even read or comprehend 2nd grade vocabulary
Need to kick this cold in the butt before I hop on that plane to #newyork!!
Anyone have an estimated cost for replacement of two torsion springs on a 16ft garage door or something close? Any company recommendations?
So I heard that Hitler was the 2nd Antichrist. Is it bad that I look at his talent of speech as incredible?
Writing on Mor Lovhours & looking for people to share their thoughts on this memorial to Mike Kelley. Contact: prettymetals[at]gmaildotcom
/// Yo, what happened?? I missed it.
Could get Summertime Ball I AM GOING..
.. I wrote a song, it's called.."Shawnie and Tami is salty at Evelyn..Salty salty salty at Evelyn!!"
drama at school?? It will be alright only a month left :D
today is #nationalcheesefondue day! where do you go to get your ooey gooey fix!?
+1 ": um why is your Christmas tree STILL up? Or is it up super early?"
Just tuned into Dancing with Stars. Have a feeling this might be a total waste of time. This show may have run it's course.
If people can be thought leaders, is your kingdom. Be well and merry this weekend, friends
I get so excited on my bday :)
Am I going to end up in tears if I watch this?! Haha
Pretty crazy this week! 6 airplanes in 6 days!
#RetailTherapy tAmorrow..ssooo relaxed&more focused right now! Long conversation, unanswered questions answered..loving me&mine!!
wOOt!! Welcome to twitter You couldn't let ur wife be cooler then u, huh? Can u tweet from the back of a bull?
If a female ask you to hold something make sure she pays you back if not that means she is using you. that's why she keeps coming back
At for the matinee! Really interested to see what effect the casting has on the text. With Mr. as my date!
Thanks for the heads up -- I'll check it out! :-)
not even funny. not even close
If Demi is not nominated or Jonas, there's not reason to watch it like for real.
Pats need to lose.
What the hell man!? I feel so out of the loop, where am I when all this other shit goes down?? >.<'
the time of this tweet just made me open a beer
I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul.
FINALLY saw the 3 hours and 25 minutes on my ass. So worth it.
I get way too stoned by myself
you're a trick and i hate you. ;) jk.
ok:) ur dada seems to be cool too ;)
Scott Snibbe (Bjork's Biophilia): A musical instrument is invitation, it's hard to resist picking it up. That's how I design apps
A Tale of Two Cities!! But then I've only read that & Great Expectations.
Anything I can do to help?
can we watch cherry bomb before we go back to school? :)
WHITE REMY....BOSS YA LIFE UP
Our pleasure to have you featured! RT : : Thanks for including us in your round-up of news!
DOUBLE light saber!
This weather is AMAZING! I love just sitting outside at this time of year!
finished class prep in time to respond to emails before class
Thanks for the follow and welcome to twitter!
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM HAVING A REALLY BAD night so it would really make my night if you would please follow me back tonight <333
thanks for the bracelet!
a shoutout to
My human lighting my fur on fire.
I will. You too!
It is time for #worship yall. In worship is when #God transforms you for His #purpose!
Just met with a DCT Industrial exec who says Miami, Houston and Southern Calif. markets are showing the strongest fundamentals.
-- but it will have taken java a long time to get real closures... esp considering the pizza compiler had them ~10 years ago.
OH now i know you! lol
when is she moving in?
If ever there were a legitimate reason to buy a Minnie Mouse-like tutu skirt, THIS would be it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
The #GreatestLoveOfAll is being able to love yourself
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)7
Meet ACTA, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement. If you depend upon international audiences and the free flow of information online
I just passed 100000 dollars in Google earnings. But unlike Nokia, I'm not ... - ABC Technology and Games
no matter what I say I'm not over you
So bloody cold today !
Expecting mothers, yes birth of your child is a sacred moment, doesn't mean we want to see your prego gut plastered all over the place
Who has the secret for curing a cold in an hour? Share.
I make most of my friends through music. ;)
#livegive It seems we have a lot of Softlips fans,do you do the tinted or clear? Me Clear i dont like color much on the lips
Oh you know it! Double Sleepova is gonna be the next big hit ! :)
we are so musically talented <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Way to go #LOBOS !!
Thx Ethan. Great meeting you.
Have to go into the city, on the L- train
i'm up like a tree in Da woods!! I'm good bro
Today's BTU inspiration: "A man grows most tired while standing still." ~Chinese Proverb
Fairytales don't always have a happy ending, do they? And I foresee the darker hand if I stay..
poala S T O P.
“Things may come to those who wait...but only the things left by those who hustle.” Abraham Lincoln
Damn people change.
he jammed his toe
I'm a better me! Because of you...I've changed.
no problem, pleasure is mine.
Best way to start Friday? Appointment at to finally deal with my shoulder pain.
Evaluating changes that I want to make in my life. Change is Good for the soul.
Tomorrow night, Thursday June 30, Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam from 7 to 10 pm.
It really depends on your desires. Quiet, romantic dinner, crazy party or something inbetween?
No -- I really wanted to go, but couldn't get off of work in time! How was it? Good turnout?
New Vegas.
lol that elbow to brewer was terrible
You are a strong man with a big heart that stands up for himself and who he is. You are indeed someone to be admired. :) <3
Thank you sexy girl!
Mornin' Y'all
Today I think I'm just gonna chill!
does that include you with your #eatshitmubb?
Thanks to all that listened to Mr. Brever on 103.7 FM, 99.1 FM and 1250 AM.
i thought ur car was taken away?
Beach was fun, relaxing. Now time to clean the house,
great local #leesburg author to follow:
How long has wind been around on this planet? Longer than power lines.
Crossing my fingers that Saturday goes smoothly since yours truly :) is in charge. Getting everything all settled today!
I love you ! <3
Grown ass woman just said I look tasty WTH wrong with your old ass ewwww pewwee
omg yes i love making fun of those lunatics! :D
Because you are women,it would look awrully weird if we wore it right?
Surrounded by boggarts, remaining grounded.
I've created tweet monsters!
Of course! Super excited.
: "...REAL issues..." What the world needs now is peace and love. Nothing wrong with a good ol' convo.
excited to see you too!
I wish I could figure out his feelings for me<3
don't you have an iPhone? Oh and it's those thumbs up ones lol
I find her so very irritating.
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a bad relationship? Should they break up? Email your story:
Love You To
Facebook chat fight? #ghettoaF bitch you don't know me.
Let's make it fair then
#Thatawesomemoment when you turn on the radio and your #favoritesong starts right from the beginning!
Thomas makes his first bad play of the day: Hits him in the hands & gets picked. Then Chris Carter smacks Braxton in the face & nullifies it
I think Brittany fucked up with me
If that isn't child exploitation I do not know what is! How can this be ok? It is NOT. Our media culture is rife with it
I gotta learn how to take a complement haha I really suck at it
my new favorite song.
Today just isn't my day....time to release it off my chest. Writing lyrics
Maybe we should've had you on the show to convince
#MUSICNEWS Dick Clark dead at 82
It time for NYS Writers Hall of Fame Retweets Today subject is Herman Melville. Here is what tweetdom is saying about
90% of marketing is knowing your target audience’s main objection to buying and how to overcome it.
lol..i saw that too haha when did it change?
Lol I remember when all these people were SO against smoking. Now they smoke.
Thanks for the #FF mentions! Have a great weekend!
she said that?
Holy moly, the Mall and downtown DC are completely mobbed with visitors right now. Can't even fathom the economic impact of this.
i need you to follow me. :(
Lying is bad but sometimes you can't help it.
Look me up on instagram smoke__THAT
the iPad has a much bigger battery that lasts much longer so it takes longer to charge.
Big Brotherr. Haha my family makes fun of me for watching this. I just like Jordan;)
I don't care what they say about me I just wanna eat. Which I realize is a lot to ask for. At a dinner party!
Are you going to add more planets such as Naboo?
IF YOU SEXY ADD ME ! IF YOU UGLY ! .... OK OK YOU CAN ADD ME TO . LOL
About time this game got interesting!
yep! Here till Thursday am so I can take the child safety workshop. Makin dinner for the house tonight. Maybe you could come?
Creepy Cody got beat DOWN!!!
RT for a shout out :)
What an awesome semester being a part of the ! Looking forward to seeing you all at least one more time before I leave for Spain!
"Anybody whose mind is functioning at all can't be content with the way the world works." Frederick Wiseman. Make films to change it!
The choice of all Dale Jrs biggest fans. RT : That is why I drive an Acura
You Would Make My Chirstmas 100% Better If You Followed Me. Love You!! (: <333
aye boo
WOW here in LA its 9:04 pm but it's still Sunday well I hope u have a safe #Halloween and have
pssst RT Kick ass! I work in media so let me know when she graduates! We're always recruiting.
Wants to remind actors union and non union that musicians, painters, authors, and designers get paid for their work. You should too.
what are we doing?
yeah man!
• 'She' might be some other staff member of ESPN - a fictional character. This is all so odd.
We had a great turnout for "Pariah"!! I hope everyone enjoyed the film as much as we did!!
#BAYMAM If you want to change "your definition of insanity" - do the coaching program. I DID!
hey and congrats on the success of Jittergram!
RT : #RomneyPickUpLines -> Wait til you meet your sister-wives!
Our pleasure!
love you more <33
this CLOWN gotta new car, so I'm complement the car and say awe we gotta hit the road now! Just making conversation
that's good bro.. just keep at it, and it'll come.. you got mad talent for this music shit.
I got asked to prom:)
#pokerpromagazine Check it out!!
- Curious. What is primary motivation of Twitter trend tracking for you ?
It's Friday...the start of a glorious weekend....Make the Best of it....What do you have planned?
All great men and thoroughly convinced me to be a friend of coal. Hoping I can be half as successful as they are one day.
yes! Second time this happened.
Some Ppl Call It Lurkin Or Beind Nosey I Call It Reseach N Investigating!! ;)
it's coming! It's snowing in chicago
RIP Gil Noble
but can still be sued for copyright even if follow CC, etc. difference is you can prove independent invent. Not in patent.
No matter gay, straight or bi,Lesbian, transgendered life,I'm on the right track, baby,I was born to survive,
Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive! RT Bee Gees star Robin #Gibb wakes from coma, communicates with family members.
If I never reply that means stfu leave me alone
o my gosh!! I can see Austins ustream on my iPod :D thank u god
Gotta hit this Gym after work smh it's gonna be rough but I'm up for the challenge !!
Getting back in the swing of things after holiday finally. Yourself?
don't tell nobody.., lol..
": Just cried watching and battle from last nights ep MY #teambrothers4life"
You only have to make the difference in the life of another to be a leader.
Acting dumb ain't cute
I have only used one brand which contains low dosage. It has helped me so far during the times I needed it.
But seriously though. We're all Beliebers and we're all the same. Just because you're a boy doesn't make you special.
Thank you for sharing!
Now that is a candle... AUDJPY
#imnevents Opp Funds: Core Session- Chinese investors have a huge appetite for NYC office product
Amazon is shipping the new book, The Phoenix Apostles, but isn't in stores yet. Hope you'll get your copy!
we have too much fun! :) haha wait till senior year! Hopefully we have classes together :p
I'll be out there Sat. (playing later that day). who is playing w/you?
look at my background! its from Romeo and Juliet
The whole thing sounds obnoxious--I mean, you signed *every* preorder. How disheartening. So sorry.
awww prince of peace ya remeber!!!
Ravens announce two-year deal with former Texans WR Jacoby Jones. This address WR and KR/PR need.
Why do I have to do everything
Watching on netflix.... I believe it is going to be a good night... I <3 lol :)
Tried writing a paper for 20 minutes, couldn't finish one sentence. Time for The Office and a long night's rest.
Never in a million years did I think a song by Kris Allen would be remixed and remixed well.
Just went for a little 8 mile run. Thanks to my friends for helping me thru it!
ask your mom for a xmas present to come see me! :)
Wilson nails two 3-pointers in a row to take #Badgers' lead to 7.
Want to write a guest #blog post for ASA? Let us know! We'll send you a sweet tshirt as a thank you!
Nic Faas pulls into the infield
The only reason I want to go is so I can see you <3
Dang .. There's a lot of people im gonna miss from Seneca ..
"how many women have u been with?" "sexually?" "no breakdance fighting."
SLJ's #wksnowday starts at 7:00 AM PST.. Do you think the Wimpy Kid author can get students here over an hour before school starts?
haha I know I just hate GOING to sleep I feel like its a Waste of Time lol but I love sleeping. Love/hate relationship!
And he had some morals! RT Newt: I'm Reagan...AGAIN! Hey Newt: you're not Reagan. For one, Reagan was likable.
Business digest
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
they all #pussywhipped. Get it?
So Act Like a Lady, Think Like a man is sold out. My mom had to order the book for me. I'm waiting these 3-5 days :)
Gotta love HumpDay.
I was wearing that shirt last weekend. "Yeah!"
perhaps 21 year old men aren't used to being closely observed by women in general.
Happy Thanksgiving, friends! We will be back in the office on Monday, November 28.
who's ready for The Hunger Games movie???!!!!
If i could be like i would give anything!!
i cant trust me
. signs off, returns donations, quotes the Lorax.
you're the slut, ok.
thank you so much!!!! Where do you find the password?
he was just dumb af muahahha
please do not let Ohio State go no further....Please
Jesus died on a cross we party with easter baskets..
#Orioles looking to hold a #Boston tea party today @ Fenway, but told would prefer to serve "Sunday Beer & Fried Chicken".
great minds have a way of finding each other!!!
wassup bro. u gonna be around in a few hours? was gonna hit u.
RT : the Mom Biz Academy is really wonderful - you should join us!
Just got done interviewing Big Sean with courtest of and
You know it!!! RT : Joint hits hard in the car!!
The TAL website must be totally overloaded. Can't get this link. Thanks for the tweets on this.
how awesome!!!
you coming to houston for final four?
Yes. With a cinder block
I feel like cooking.
WC Orlando had a session from the UCf med school using it as a cms. Not sure if it was recorded but it was a good solution 4 them.
RT : The winds tell of an upcoming BBM Lounge!
RIP photojournalists Tim Hetherington & Chris Hondros who were killed in Libya yesterday. See Tim at work in Restrepo streaming on Netflix
Manning. Williams isn't special, we can fill that need with Ingram in the draft. There aren't too many Manning's out there.
Loving it. Let's start producing.
good luck, Jim!
Wish I was! Tix way expensive, $2100
Chris Weber Pls call a timeout....wait
Sounds like you hit a nerve. They must know they're a little self involved
So am I still waiting for this world to stop hating?
Come join me for lunch at Aj BOMBERS for a Aj burger.
He should've left early. To beat traffic.
Hey Joe - thanks for the follow!!
Love it!
Good God, I can't even spell whimper!
:/ speaking of her.. did she like cupcakes, or was her nickname cupcake,ill explain after cuz i know it's weird of me to ask
true shyt or either famous RT dont nobody love ya until u either dead or in jail
lol... That's the only damn thing that would fit in the pic lol...
LAS commencement address by George Crabtree
lol oh I got you
still studying for that bar mitzvah lar?
QUESTION: What is ticket fare policy for firefighters in uniform who take the #metro to their station? Heard conflicting things
Busy day: Spa Castle followed by 'The Young Victoria' (at my new favorite theater in Kew Gardens) followed by Pio Pio followed by home.
Wow seems like an awful call. Debbie-cake Briere fakes getting hit in the face, and then holds Larsson's stick? Guess I missed something.
what up pimp can i send u a few tracks i have been tryn to get ahold of you for awhile
you're welcome
I thought the harp dude was gonna be lame....I was wrong....totally cool.
...couldn't hurt, but almost anything (particularly if my kids can enjoy it too) including cookies would still be very cool :-)
DRIVE TIME with and Edzo's. VROOM. CHOMP. VROOM.
By a lot of Olbermann's standards, it should be equally "controversial" to admire lots of presidents.
You forgot to mention that Hamas is intentionally using Civilians as shields & directly caused the shelling of a Gaza School today
What Club Live On A Sunday Night? Hit Me Up - BAM!!!!
RT : First day at Bologna Fair over and everybody seems to be asking: Where is the line between app and e-book?
Look forward to seeing your posts.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements let a couple avoid stress and move forward into a trusting marriage.
out on a bit of a cooler in $1100 NLH. Button squezzed for the 2nd time, another called, I didn't like just call w JJ. All in; he had KK:)
zen salon is great. Ask for Rob. Love that man!
I'm two minutes into this and it's really good so far Karen! Great explanations.
I've told this guy that is my husband over 5 times:p
Gunna eat me some Chicken nuggets, Ramen, Chips and have me. Some dr. Pepper while watching House Of 1000 corpses!
strange clouds is about to be soo dirty
Some kid farted while we were taking a test today hahaha
i use slacker and pandora, but I like to have more control.
Nah man, you guys are.
I've looked at the site and logged into the Wordpress account & I'm not seeing any problems. Might be the connexion?
We are all Romans. But, in a more accurate way, riding a stupid looking moped makes you a Roman.
running in the air, of course. up and down the aisle ...
Already preparing for this "Shredder" work-out tomorrow...with my own little twist
Medusa makes me hard.
Business me has to come out on Wednesday...so I have to put on my business hat and take off my actors hat... :crosses fingers:
Thinking up the Father's Day Specials.
Don't start nothing you can't finish! :')
but every kid <16 wants to pretend they are driving!
There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. -- Bruce Lee
Reds suck and Arroyo needs to go!!
I don't doubt it, you've got more booty );
Queen in Montreal concert was on last night
aw and you will always be beautiful !!!!! .....and annoying :)
Juror #4 is a blockhead
Holy crap, Punter ever been an MVP??
Every guy I know around my age still recognizes classic JayMewes lines instantly. Thanks for all the laughs!
- Thank you for standing up for equal rights!
Recommend a RhinoTech filtration system along w/washout booths. No product down the drain.
Why do dorm refrigerators even have freezers in them, if they can't fit the tub of ice cream you just cracked open at 1AM (a.k.a. regret)?
no! Sorry I miss your tweet in the spam. email me at mstegman at fas in case you still want it.
Bieberconda, Constancioconda...& let me guess... Next is MAHONECONDA!! (x
I am and this is off the hook!
Is that a real question?
I <3 your lucha libre-style panda icon (: Where's it from???
Can you bring Channing Tatum home from the game? lol RT : Seriously OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!/!&/&/'alaahsslsalzn
So if they were called the Mario Bros., that means Mario's last name was Mario?
Looks like it is time for some real winter when I get back tomorrow :(((
Don't be pushed by your problems be led by your dreams.
The lunar eclipse through binoculars - deep gray disc ever changing against early morning light
thanks! We <U+2764> you too.
bon comb over
bahahahahaha I want everyone home with all limbs attached. Tell monika I'm mostly talking about her when I say that
wtf? rooting for a Ranger?
I need to remember to use "outstanding" more often - what a great word and not nearly as overused as others, ha.
Miami breeze and trance <3 perfect combination <U+2600> life is good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Day 2 of juicing today is carrot orange apple and ginger yummy!
-- sounds sensuous and deeply serene <3
I just sent you a note via email - I look forward to hearing from you!
Lin > Kobe and aye, how about J-Lin taking over Twitter? Super Lintendo!
Anyone else worn out on the interview ? "What keeps you up at night?" My annoyance with the triteness of it actually kept me up last night.
Waking up early for a wrestling tournament just like the
I am never speaking to my father again.
this panda is going to bed. lol so goodnight :3
smfh. i hope god forgives you
RT : Obama: "It is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
love you too, don't even listen to her ..she's so below you anyway
RT : Did you guys see the internet today? I think it was a re-run.
after cross-stitching marathons.
Happy Birthday -- do it up big my friend!
is it just me or is everyone making "boozy" food now? can no one think of another descriptive word for these things?
also Monday...
Route 66 Malt shop. How have I not been here before? ?? Best shakes, burgers, even Frito pie around!
#bleedgreenandgold you should probably see a doctor about that.
I like the way u think sir!
I have arrived! VEGAS BABY!!!!!!
I think you know...
Today was such a wonderful day
: Ever #dreamed of #Creating your own #Vodka #Sake #Whiskey #Tequila #Rum!! Let's make it a #reality!!
A fancy name for a beekeeper is an APIARIST.
thank!! glad you like it... Come see a show!!!!
Seemed like there was a lot of interest in Mobile Historical today! Glad I was able to present.
I can't wait!
Twitter fakes are people that just joined twitter.!!! If that makes since lol
You're making me crack up at work.
<U+2730>Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.<U+2730> Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh for sure. Crazy that mizzou lost already!
1 of the things i like about staying up is talking on da phone wit a chick all night
cuz I don't have any.
Frause is in the house at #Jumpstart12! that is! Bob is sharing how to get a first job with the rising stars of the PR industry.
I #followed you back (: like a Boss
Relantionships are for people who know what they want not for people who think can can get everything they want when they wanted!!
Kobe might not play tonight :(
hello How are you getting on? xoxo
Sure! Let me ask you... are you working out before or after work, and how many times are you eating per day?
sure thing!
Really Jon Lester? -18 fantasy points??
Curious- if #PBS has a hit like #DowntonAbbey how does it translate to more revenue for PBS?
like liquor? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#Dodgers win. #Giants lose. All is right with the world.
Guess she doesn't want to play with me.. Lol
haha. I love this city. Well that's is second to
Ginger, orange, cardamom, honey...the smells are intoxicating in here...tonight's gonna be a good night :)!
kinda like Ranger fans? Don't worry they all scatter like roaches at the end of the season...like Ranger fans...
Imm thinking me , & needaa have a sleepover soon <3.
hell yeah were gonna make it soo memorable (: starting with..next weekend.
and I still shed a tear every once in awhile
The winner of our iPad 2 giveaway is swinging by our office to pick up her iPad today :)
I don't need alot of friends but the ones I call my best friends are the ones I keep close loveyalltodeath
Hahaha. Yeah, right.
Were you surprised by new features on Timeline for Facebook Pages, or were you prepared? Lots more room for custom tabs!
Nice to meet you too! I'll be looking for big things from
feeling overwhelmed and have no idea how to start a project? ask a librarian. luckily, I know many. thanks, !
my TBR pile: Books of Magic, Heartless. Then Dances with Dragons and Ghost Story. What a great month!
Borderlands is my new fave game!
This dude next to me is eating some cold PopeEyes chicken....Its pretty nesty.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms of the world!
Break a leg!
Kut blackberry app world.!
had a interview at art instatute and thrashers, loong day,
i do i do! lol and yay!!! those four days need to go fast
I can stand up once again on my own!
Teachers put more effort into a book tthan the author does.
Working on my list of shows to apply for. Looking at Minneapolis/St Paul, MN area and only indoor shows that are more art than craft.
that is painful to watch, no matter who it is.
will get to listen next week. Been crazy busy
I think I'm going insane
of all the weeks for me to get sick...
Any one trying the G1?
Needless2say shoot&butt aren't the actual words we are discussing. Great convo but lost my argument,as my uncle put it u need butts2shoot
simply amazing...
COME TO CALI!!! I need to see you<33
Gobble Gobble! Happy Thanksgiving Everybody!
What you mean?
Day 1 of trying to get my shit together. Here we go...
check out and is the contact.
Why is it so goddamn cold out again?!
I would just like to take a moment out of cyber-life to congratulate my brother Ryan and his new fiancé Sarah on their engagement! So...
I don't want to be late to this movie but I might be.....
If yu have a fat pussy follower me
-__________- I need Pittsburgh. I am so over this.
dear lord. whys my life so complicated.
please RT or follow me! ur an awesome actor! :)
Meeting with Pat Coyle this morning to strategize around our Smaller Indiana sponsorship!
Banned Books at the Flamingo Library! Free Event 7pm
It's all good. Hope 2 see you soon! : Sorry I won't get a chance to see you at #KipCamp -- hope all is well!
M, do you have the olive oil polenta cake recipe posted anywhere? Sounds yum.
Live erry day like it was Friday.
Thanks to everyone who attended our events at the Student Success Center and around UWM this year.
I love your twitcon.Yes, It was fun. U got to get UR R&B groove on. Come on, Please
Thank you so much! I appreciate it.
I believe it's 5 o'clock in Newfoundland, or close to it. Good enough for me! I...am..outta here!
It's #pinkkgriday #EPIPHANY roll call ! Let's GO!
So my aunt definitely just called kinky twist "comb twist" ctfu!
#Whydopeopledothis....try to get everything for free because they dont want to pay their own way...you all know who you are
Same with buses. Drivers need to enforce that rule -- I don't want to hear your crappy music, thanks.
Two IEPs after school on a Friday? Blergh.
We need to come out to our Indie Artist appreciation event at LOUNGE in Dallas May 1st... FREE FOR ARTISTS 2 ATTEND
#WordPress #Tools Bannage – Adds the ability to ban users from commenting by name, email, or IP.
working, ripping out a closet and painting tonight! Art room will be finished soon
In FB jail for my first and only "hoodie" post, please send Debbie cakes....damn ppl in real jail can post on FB and I can't!
ya to be honest all I really need is fox soccer channel lol
Should I make a "draw something" account ???
thank you and happy Friday!
Who's already getting their costume ready for Eeyores tomorrow?
Avengers 3-D. It was good but like 4 dollars per D.
lol we love u
Taylor swift on jay Leno.. C'mon, you've got a great body, what's with the dress??!
If men are from mars and women are from Venus, isn't that basically an argument that straight people are buckin' the system?
#sljsummit10 Leu:Neglecting research on online reading comprehension perpetrates public policies that help rich get richer,poor get poorer
I've been on Twitter forever, since before it was cool. I wish I had been there-I remember yelling for Tebow's OT TD pass there.
Who got two customer praise awards at Winn Dixie today? This guy ;D
No better way to wake up then having my lungs filled wit some good kush
Clyde Stubblefield's drums on James Brown's records are the backbone of countless hip-hop songs. Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
I don't think campaign $ is a topic they regularly address--didn't see much about it on their site.
"Action is the foundational key to all success."
Oh my god I ask these people a question and they stare at me like I have three heads
May the force be ever in your favor!
Drafting is like eating shards of glass, or skating on mulch, or washing your hands with rocks. In other words: UNPLEASANT.
will do!
I assure you, there are those of us who were raised properly and remember to do those things
I'm going to Vegas tomorrow :l
There is a tax for ppl who die? Reminf me not to die
Just agreed to the latest 50-something pages of iTunes terms. I may have just signed over my soul to them without reading the fine print!!!
On this May the 4th, a special shout out to my fellow geek and brand new LLM, You are awesome!
im working on a new drum sample library thingy. sounding good so far. a good drummer makes it so much easier!
Unfollow this page now and follow my new page
Tis true my friend. A sad day indeed
Showing houses all day.
Tigger looked down the toilet and yelled "I FOUND POOH!"
i have a friend thats a belieber and directioner and she has a twitter
Woot! #ptr11 RT : Good time at this morning - couldn't ask for a more gorgeous morning! Loved cheering on all our
UPDATE cities announced for her Gibson Promo Tour Seattle, LA, Las Vegas, San Antonio, Miami, Orlando, Nashville, New York
Sitting in the quad...where is everyone?
I didnt go Angela Miller said it was straight tho. I think they gone start doing it every friday which is cool
Gotta do what gotta do..
Do not let the bad things of life bring you down be strong and you'll soon see that, that effort was worthwhile.
I see dead people when im awake what u think
or at least make an appointment with a cardiologist. something...
What is up with the yellow block on Katy Perry's head? Does she think she's on Seasame Steet representing shapes??
#reuniontour11 =TwitterlessKevinBurns is back from Bulgaria after 20 months in the peace corps and we're drinking our way through
If your ability to relate well with others are weak, your relationships will always suffer.
I am so excited tonight hanging out with old friends :)
The safest place to be is in God's will.
thank you! How did you do on #zapcash?? We are still waiting for the results from the web guys! This one was super hard!
what is whos name?
Thanks to everyone who came out early last night!
So much for cristiano being the best cuz he doesn't miss pks.. Bye bye madrid
Don't Fall For This Internet Dating Scam via
you're not doing anything?
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
Do you remember the days of having a hero?? Our heroes are the members of The RAW Dream Team...Who is your hero??
All bateaux in Daniel Morgan’s division were been destroyed after they went over a small water fall. All provisions destroyed.
not me little ceasers is disgusting
#earthquake long and slow roller--usgs doesn't have it yet. Hope everyone's okay.
xfce is great! B-)
To be fair, though, the point about unfunded summers is completely right on.
Fun fact: Dave is friends with and/or the best friend of someone who IS friends with The Academy Is.... I need to make friends with Dave.
every day. RT : Encourage someone today...
man, I forgot how much I love David Bowie. <3
Happy birthday to the one & only <3
I'm am very good thank you for asking and how are you?
me and my little brother were fighting and he said doesn't love me. Oh sh!t just went down.
No tag for Jackson? Crazy. First Sproles then this. Rivers must be thrilled.
is my hero, i love him!!!!
lmao...not first???
excited fo sho..you wrote a great treatment homey
So do I, I need at least 250 especially for my friends like you and of course adam richman
RT If I was the winner of the 32GB iPad Giveaway, I'd use it to help patients as a paramedic!
Are you more excited for the #oscars or #springtraining?
#shoutout to my boy :)
is crashing #CES with in January. Gadget's don't stand a chance against us.
I speak for everyone when I say this: Being a Mahomie is not being apart of a fanbase, its being part of a FAMILY.
Oh shit. So McFly did end up kissing his mother.
Wow, I'm so glad he took "level of comfortability" into account...
We will be in your area sooner than later :)
What&#39;s Next For Elizabeth Warren?
Thanks for the PR, guys! :-)
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 8
Ive found twitter to be far more effective than facebook. twitter=hard earned followers, facebook=market to friends. thoughts?
Happy Monday person! ;)
Mean cheeta! He killed a baby doe! Poor thing!
I cant even iron my fone jumpin
Thoughts and prayers for those affected by shooting at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Great! Can't sleep. Wanna sleep. Gonna be a long week. Oh well...
This is the second time my day has been made by Brussels sprouts today.
Replacing Republicans with Democrats won't solve much. Our system of capitalism is the true center of the problem.
Was just thinking the same thing. Need to crank the AC up again.
Hey they're the only team winning around here lol! Did you make it to the game tonight?
These spam messages are stupid.
I miss my grandma.. :/
ok got it: your welcome. But, it can also mean Yo Wassup.
lmaooo for real?!
": Go! It has already been a great season in my book." I always have to work, I need to figure out a way!
let me put my Spiderman suit on real quick Tai
I bet you would! Haha
Eating some delicious homemade pate.
Gymnastics meet at the Manatee Civic Center
I know! It was the best day ever. She's even sweeter in real life. :]
Loving you retweets right now
I don't think you can handle this
agreed on all points there!
Right?? ¡A la máquina!
why is Baez talking about? "stp trying to kill our people" Really??
swag 101 goes hard:)
cheer up buttercup!! #loveyou <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Being nice to people doesn't cost money but it's kinda motivating. It gives meaning. - Bing Gordon
Gotta go to the quad before someone snatches them! RT : Cranberries have rescheduled their Philly show for May 19th.
Sounds similar to the syncopation that yielded ordnance.
Stan from Taco Bell now has 's real phone number...
ok ok! My Soap business makes me giggle to much I HAVE SO MUCH PASSION FOR IT!! "Come see ...LoofahSoapsNCreations "I DARE YA!!
Hey go follow my best friend and hopefull girlfriend She is a HUGE freak.
If you want it all; Lay it on the line; Its the only life you got so you gota live it big time<3
i'll bring the salt! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
“: Will miss Gary Holquist of Minnesota-Duluth. One of the nicest guys in the business.” u see this?
Oh wait now they're calling each other crackahs... Alright...
Tomorrow, May 17 marks the last of the Network #Upfront 2012 showcases in new york. Some exciting things happening in television.
Brian McKnight what type of women are you messing with when you have to show them how they pussy work......hahaha Pineapples!!!!!
First coat of paint on the walls, good selections by holly.
Thanks Derrick!
At our NW22nd store in our Garden Room! Hope to see you there :D RT : where is the warehouse sale located?
Thank you, sir!
I've seen every day since she got back from Miami and without a camera :/ We must fix it!
You can't give to the poor if you're one of them- Mike Healy
Someone seriously traded their car for fucking 200$ pair of shoes !?!?!?
How come the math book was so sad?
#ReasonsThatImSingle People can't mind there one damn business and just let me do me and live my fuckin life!
Nancy Drew was my favorite! Although I did love the Hardy Boys!
William, we are getting worried. Where are you? Please call the theatre!
Doing ethnographic fieldwork reminds me of what a gift means. I need to think of ways to give back to these incredible people.
Many Thanks!!
Yes- I have been eyeing it for months!
I'm at the computer lab!
I hope tonight involves less swearing at the TV. Clearly the Crew is a much better team than the baby bears. Let's go NarvDog!
Going to try to wade through catch-up on e-mail, paperwork, etc. Of course, GOLDFINGER in the background won't help.
and the Steetball Showdown was best tournament going back in the day. I was on a team with a young Scott Padgett in like 91.
How is Ryan Hollins playing in an NBA playoff game????
As we face an exciting future: "Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something."
you guys fucking rocked tonight, even if BPD shut you down fuck them that was an awesome show
Direct tv and thunderstorm.don't mix for shit.
Plan was let Taylor try to get a look. More often than not in his 4 years he gets a better look that that one. senior trust
thanks jacko was hoping for a rain delay to get a strasburg double header tomorrow :)
Thanks for the great ALICE review! Loved the bits about Hunger Games, Johnny Depp, and Elton John~ it's been quite an adventure
Happy 21st Birthday to my beautiful big !
You'll love this guy...follow
Can I just be bald so I don't have to do my hair any more? -.-
dnt ever judge a gurl plus if shez pretty or not -_-
“: Do not use "Whoomp! There it is!" unless it actually is there.”
Is Closing The Month Out STRONG!!
I know how you feel. I had 3 beers last night at the Pacer game and I feel the same way. Getting old sucks!
Lots of memorizing but I did it!!!
HAHA my new bio is funny!
enjoying with Marsha
Has anyone done ? I'm planning to learn coding over the summer.
Blah. :P` Haha
#TheBestThing is waking up knowing you have more time to sleep
Hella tired just got done hoopin. :)
Family guy is awesome
have you seen #cabininthewoods ? What think?
I keep my money in my pocket
My corrections professor looks like what homer simpson would look like in real life.
now *that* is being influential RT : Tebow isn't trending. Twitter is Tebowing. (via )
FOIA problems? Call us today for the leading real-time enterprise discovery tool. Works w/IDOL or FAST. MicroKloud-ready
RT : Congrats to Dr.Padrón who will be recognized tonight with the Sand in My Shoes Award
trying to find a new background for my blog is pretty complicated right now -_-
YOUR MY DADA AND JOHN PAUL IS MY DADDY I HAVE 3 DADDY'S OF CURSED DADDY MARVIN AKA SIR MARVIN AHHA..!!
...if you're wishing, maybe you should haha! Nah, don't do what I did, if you can't afford to be without a job for a while.
DcAssault 15s,16s,17s will be at full strength this weekend at Big Shots tourney at run+shoot
In other news, Shake Shack's veggie burger is better than Black & Orange's veggie burger.
Haven't had that much time to tweet sorry world :P
Thanks for the follow staydu (stay_du)! :)
Rule #1: When you are waiting for an important email, you will always receive new email no matter how many times you hit refresh 1/2
Hi Scott, wanted to invite you to an event tomorrow evening for the Bruce Lee Foundation at MPAA. Where can I send the advisory
GM TO ALL
I thought u had dark brown hair,it looks blond in the pic
Oh, I want a follow I want a follow Wa-want a, want a follow :) !
family to go to New York(her last wish)before she passed away. They made wonderful, precious memories on that trip. Thanx again
You're so amazing ! I love how you connect with your fans! i just wish i was one of them :/ iloveyou
I hate the fact that I don't hate you. Not even a little bit.
I am like,like a boy gone wild,a good boy gone wild....
Two Firkin Fridays for #pcbw. The only firkin (ever, apparently) of barrel-aged World Wide Stout taps at 5 at
Happy New Year! 2011 goals: Creating green jobs and saving our planet, 1 community at a time!
i know thats right
Just saw at Morgan's ... seriously stunning in person!!
And if I were to leave the university -- to wait tables or something while writing -- I would lose health insurance, library access, etc.
I want a Dragon Ball Z shirt though!
Playing tonight at Bayou Lounge corner of neeches and 6th...10 pm...be there
lol I don't have a baseball season!
absolutely nothing and that's just the way i like it.
Sad day. They have obviously never stopped by!
What do YOU think? Should SAG/AFTRA merge?
Sacrifice is giving up something good for something better. ~Anonymous
can you ask him/get him to ask Leyna about extra SW/XBL cards? It's for a friend.
dont miss tonight's party at TRU !! ask for Chris&Dave guest list. Feat: Daniele Tavella n Rockwell
Card's Freese drives in another run. #Brewers now down 6-2. Yo's done for the day. Estrada coming in relief.
Cotchery cut by Jets
I'm so glad you led a tour! Lucky, lucky freshmen. Cute dress, by the way!
very true. blondies + almond extract too
This Thursday at Pa'Sumecha #sonjarocho band rocking
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> Happy Mothers Day!!!! I love you & CoCo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6> “: why didn't you tell me happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>”
Hope your Christmas was beautiful
I hate not having a car!
College baseball is amazing b/c Maine won 6-5 @ Clemson last night (it's 34 degrees in Orono, ME right now!)
Seven Chevys in the top 10!
RT : College Fantasy Football League: Check.
Of course all this coffee immortality-ish news comes as I'm trying to quit.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 13:03 in 3rd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
I'm with my dude
The creator of the universe works in mysterious ways. But he uses a base ten counting system and likes round numbers.
Friends,family, parties, BBQ, 100+ temps, thunderstorms, shopping, trip to the farm, spaghetti feast...what else can I pack into this trip?
asks, how do you feel about the Health Care Reform that may be coming?
Need help with applying for !!! I'm trying to apply for jobs, but their system is not accepting it! HELP!!
I wonder who they are?
I'm harvesting kale from my garden. In March.
is like so hot!!!!
I can't wait to share the photos of my mothers birthday cake w| you!
oo that musg suck they always take so darnn longg where r u going now?
“: What's phelps hitting on the gun?” 91 to 93
Spike Lee said it best--Kobe Doin' Work
no doubt! They growing like weeds! Miss ya guys and gals!
First time I heard i knew I'd be a big fan of them! I've fell inlove with them and there songs! I'll always be a true fan:)
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! J
It totally is! ANNDDD I finally got thru only for Tom Bergeron to tell me that voting for my time zone is now closed. >:\
Another step forward to success.
Family on 3!
This year needs to be over. Im so sick of everything
Can a nigga make his money? Dam
My one hour delay tomorrow will be spent writing pen pal letters to fourth graders...there is not enough time in one day
"The Boondock Rants"
Getting ready for the Jason Aldean after concert party at the Neon! Listen to Heather and the Replay on your way over from the Coliseum!!
Another awesome weekend dzowwwn.
I had the same thought. Too bad it wasn't part of the initial design. Even still, it's faster than a DASH bus.
Is it inappropriate to put :) on feedback I give to student work? Oh, whatever. A bit of warmth can't harm. ????
this dude haha
Social media has changed our lives b/c now everyone's accountable- 1 person has the power to document & share abuses.
Congrats to Jenna Orr, Hailey Kontny, Haley Collins and Amanda Kelm on making all tournament team at USJN Great American Showcase!
Let me guess, first mom was Danica's?
Wow, it's private, can't see it. I haven't seen that before. Guess I am out of the Spricket24 loop lol
you came to the city & you ain't even call me....
Thank you Meg! It took me awhile to find my routine, too. Yoga is a huge outlet for me. Happy Training!
And the best title award goes to Slump? What Slump?
gotta thank u and grant for bringing Audrey Napoleon to my attention!
they should use digress.it
ugh same with me and info tech
We need to catch up more often.
With the win over Temple, #UMass should be a lock for the NIT, two more wins this weekend and they'll be in the Big Dance.
back to the daily grind after a nice long holiday break
congratulations! Well deserved beautiful
3 hours of sleep after a whole weekend of no sleep. I am dead.
Wish I was spending the day at the
Thank you to all those that helped support and promote the MandelaArt sale on Gilt to make it successful. If you missed it, see next tweet!
I know me too(: even though she hoped for a girl she is soo excited about it:)
How awesome is Sufjan Stevens? SO AWESOME
YAY i like the gym, have fun !
": The way D wade just looked into the camera...I know he was lookin at me. Whew #gettinghotnbothered"
Nba happy its back!!! Gr8 gms today boo ya!
i wonder how she's even graduating. Lol
goodnight sweet dreams! (:<3 thank you!!
#IfIWasGagaForADay I'd kill myself.
Sorry iTunes, you've been kicked out of iLife.
washing clothes and doing chores, so i can enjoy my weekend
God must have needed a crack head that used to be able to sing..
Blaming Pres. Obama for Secret Service scandal is like saying that Secret Service only protect one political party
Black woman rock!!!!
since 1988?! must be repressing his memories of last year, he's fragile
Another "Hump Day". Over the hump we go & then it's smooth sailing thru the weekend. Happy Wednesday!
Hit me up on Instagram
Venus looking spectacular next to crecent moon tonight, Jupiter nearby.
Great experience at 2amys. Going to hit up a nice Italian microbrew next time. Wouldn't be a good idea drink before a test. Or would it...?
the man on my arm is wearing a fine flannel shirt - fela is playing zombie
Shonlock: "Listen to your #heart. Even though it's on the left, it's always right." LOVE this!
RT : Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. - Henry David Thoreau RT
The Right Course for America : Mitt Romney 2012
Our Mayor will be at Sts. Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center today - our sister hospital.
Tomarrow is suppost to be RAINY! NO! :(( It cant be..hmm maybe il draw :D
Doesn't seem so. :)
me too girl I fall asleep around 5:00am than get up for school 6:30am fml
You make the song Somebody to Love soo much better! Not that it wasnt good before or anything just saying
Making someone laugh is definitely a good deed.
Is "books" stripper slang for something I don't understand? Cause that would make sense.
I'm the king of boggle, there is none higher, I gets 11 points off of the word quagmire
Had a college roommate who <U+2764>'d stale Peeps. She likened it to French bread: Crusty outside, chewy-ish inside.
Whoohoo! Thanks for entering :D
I follow so many ppl...lol. I discover ppl on YouTube & follow them & follow famous ppl & then some dudes that live in Indiana, like me. Lol
So glad to heat that. Niall
Remember when that "And Scene" joke was going around? And the person saying it would do a motion with their hand?
I still show 100% interest when watching the Run Away video/movie.
This is awesome....I have not felt good about politics for a very long time.
He has always had the potential but needs time to relearn playaction, drop steps and setting up defenders with pump.
thanks Brent!!! Have a great week! :)
Hi. We play our first show of 2012 at Jovitas starting at 10pm tonight. Come join.
Great exchange with Christian Parenti!
Announces Achievements in Environmental Sustainability, Diversity & Inclusion and Community Engagement via )
My husband and biggest fan is now on twitter! Yay
has 20 minutes to talk at La Jolla Shores Association, but won't debate at the same meeting.
KG is the man. All heart. Earning that $21 mil he will make this year.
Do u think Tyler Perry gonna give other actors a chance to work?Or he just gonna use the same ppl,playn same roles,n different outfits?
Much love given!! Look forward to your timeline!
Hello out in the UK! Thanks for following! AgooBiz is also here to help small businesses get noticed. Check us out Marcus!
Rondo 1-of-5 & a non-factor, Pierce killing it, & Dooling hitting a timely 3-pointer...Is this Game 2 all over again?
Class over,nothing to do till 4, gonna watch regular show
Thanks, Jesse! How is NY treating you?
RT stupid to accredit. You know who else's government blocked websites he didn't agree with? HITLER!!!! That's who! | uh... really?
whats clicken chicken just wanted to say happy st pattys day and say thanks
Mitt slams "The Democrat Party" & rails against "European" BO policies, trying to channel his (nonexistent) inner-Limbaugh b4 SC
I told you I was extra good at this shit. I'm about to put the game in a slipknot and strangle that mutherfucker
did you know that I hate spam?
Bahaha! Love it.
dope!! Dood we doing the remix tomorrow shit is stupid crazy wait to you hear that ish!!!
Quick reminder: Jonny Flynn is terrible.
Yet we try to completely ignore he ever existed.
Americans rise up! Don't let this president & his group of so called protestors destroy Capitalism. It is what made America!
sick and tired of being sick and tired
Skyview storm our league champ have made it to the State finals. Enemies when we play but I'm a big fan tonight! GO STORM GSHL!!
lol.. you shut up, what u doin
Can't believe that girl spilled Ciroc on my new sneakers last night.
Thanks to everyone who attended Mix 'n' Mash! We had a blast!
Bad days suck
If gotta settle for a piece of you then I gotta say <U+270C> to you
After events at the Harvard Law School and today's great spread, I've come to associate John Palfrey with fabulous pastry....
dude fuck that hide the evidence haha
6 more days!
Thank you for the follow as well! Have an amazing week!!
Team headed west.
Thanks for helping me get the word out!
Oh im really high
A large waiting room in a building is a turn off! Good thing this waiting area only has three chairs!
u got a new follower
Looking forward to the Golden Globes #GoodTimes - XavierLT.com
Looking forward to watching #Wales tomorrow... so nervous! #rwc2011 #COME ON WALES!!!
Wait...and you DON'T drink?
Follow Hatch Act hearing via DC AG Irvin Nathan & Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner making strong arguments for Cummings bill
Great catch Pedroia! Love him....
Reveal yourself non-descript 40Watt Twitter administrator!
Im doing good & I had fun hanging out w/my best friend & his family & now im @ work but ill live
take lots a pix
Both girls are sleeping and DH just went to pick up our "to go" dinner from I'm excited for a quiet dinner at home!
Telling some great stories about before our work meeting...
yes the red ones. Also mike and Ike's are the best too. Sounds like we are going to the movies. The girl with the dragon tattoo?
Awkward: replying to a list topic with a private email. More awkward: seeing an equally private response on-list.
S/O to my new follower! <U+2764> #thanks!
nice. Decided not to try 3 today!?
hey! My booboo is almost home. Ask me if excited! Too late, I am. :)
#rahmemanuel is Chicago mayor. Wow! Love his "humble victory" speech.
Join us at NBM Long Beach booth #803 for happy hour Aug.11th & 12th on AnaJet! While your there enter our wear and win CASH drawing...
Judge Marion Gooding
Massage is known for its many therapeutic and health giving benefits.
We're so happy you enjoyed it! Thanks for allow ShowClix to be apart of such a wonderful event :) Happy New Years!
(also, a bit of trivia: it's 3,860 miles from here to Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania - happy Groundhog Day!)
a blunt would feel good right now...
this has nowt to do with anything but I think our new player is lush ha x
Tweet 1K.. weird
i love you so much and i hope that #SOMEDAY u will notice me and follow me
Been eating a lot of butterscotch candies lately, because they make me feel cozy. Chupacabra tonight, more later.
It's a breakfast on the porch kind of morning.
let me get back to you later today
Hitting up a webinar on "Creating a Strong Security Infrastructure for Exposing JBoss Services." Includes a case study from Apollo Group.
#ItSeemsLike twitter doesnt want me to know that i missed 45 tweets.
hell yea but good luck findin that . Smh :/
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed
i love L.A.
I have some of the greatest follower on twitter I love yall #best team ever
Please do!
There's nothing much worse than the hint of nookie thwarted.
Your Future belongs to you.
Worker falls 40 feet at RI demolition site
Have a great night everyone.
Late Registration
The right move? Come on.....
When selecting a printer, speed is actually less important than duty cycle. Make sure the printer is built to handle the workload.
New Super Frenchie Diaries droppin on WIDSIX TV in a few minutes... this edit is PACKED with Puck 9 clips... stay tuned!
Me too! We need to all go out soon! RT : Had fun w/ you girls this morning!
I'm doing well. In Michigan on business right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
“: Oh well, i'm bored. RT this for a S/O!! #RightNow” RT
No problem!
pcmech.com,a great informational site
Everyone go wish our boy a happy birthday!
thanks for following! have a great weekend :)
I can't decide which Wahlberg brother I like better.
Happy Thursday new followers: , and
Now Playing: Anna and the Legend of the Bookshelf That's 4" Longer Than a Smart Car.
damn bruh, can't believe my nigga mufasa died.
We will be giving away 2 autographed copies of Official Rules to Being Single @ Neo Soul in the Palms Ghost Bar Tomorrow
hit me baby one more time
It's true gurj ;)
Thanks for the referral; we'll definitely check it out!
only if you pop your cherry.
a long day- over.
Any history teachers in South Carolina?
Happy Baby=happy mom!
“ #imagine You sing: I'm a barbie girl. In a barbie world. Suddenly Justin laughs: No! You are a bieber girl. In Justin Biebers world.”
Today focus on more execution and less excuses. Let's GO
Afternoon snack at Frenchy's! She-crab soup and Buffalo shrimp. :-)
Folk rock/jam/pop slot avail for a band at The Legendary Dobbs tonight!! Email ASAP! We have drums, bass amp.
If you would like to join my mailing list, send an email to Subject line: list
And no matter what anyone says about me imma keep doing what I do!
if the pattern continues he will decommit in the next few minutes and sign with Tulane
DEEP SIGH.
we just finished the PSA for the Cannabis Freedom March happening this May! It only took 2 hours, 4 people, ...the ball is rolling fast ;)
Southern girls dont drink... We sip.... A lot.
Life is not about getting through the day, it's about experiencing, creating, sharing, planning, loving, doing something useful/meaningful.
Slept for 11 hours. Now I have to go to work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I can tell that money's got you workin', we been talkin' for so long, now we're finally here in person.
What the hell? No No No... Let's go
Yeah, I've been trying to follow (and remember who's left in the Big 12).
Shameful secret 271 - I like the film Rango and want it in my Blu-Ray collection.
When I can't find my answers, the best thing to do is walk away. Searched all day yesterday. Then found the answer within thirty mins today.
Don't gas me up shit like running on E
homeless mans sign blew away and he's chasin it..... laugh of the day. Poor guy
23% you go iPhone
our pleasure!
When girls say absolutely anything to impress a guy.. <<
Peppermint Mocha! <3 <3 <3 Perfect for cooler weather!
CRS starts this week, who's gonna be there???
Only took 13 innings to prove we're not in last place!
Heavy flirting at the Starbucks. Every time.
Listening to Fenix TX on my drive to LA.. some old school shit!
RETWEET for a shoutout! (must be following me)
HEY YOU NEVER TEXTED ME BACK BUTHEAD, Night
if you want to go back to dhs be my guest haha :p . But i for one never will haha!
I enjoy it. 9.50 an hour is nice. It gets pretty freaking hot, though. Like over 105 degrees most days
yay I win :D
Just made a deal with .______. We have until May :c
yah Lauren! You wear it well!
only coach in America that takes a 1st round bounce with Durant, Augustine, James and Abrams.
Emilio Pucci. (And stuff I don't need at Target.)
Are you okay?
Glad mainstream press, thanks to George Clooney is catching up on Sudan issues, but has been on top of this for years.
puppet shows with broken accents.
Nothing comes down unless something goes up. Prayer changes all things.
Let's go Badgers!
I'll be sure to come to you for some advice on how to handle it..
you tweeted! I was about to text if you went haha
thanks Cheryl! Glad a fellow #smithie is watching!
Only a few days left to apply and let GHAPFM help you make your Dreams come true! Scholarship deadlines March 29 for Los Angeles...
Idk how I'm gone do it with this project if I didn't do shit for it
“: Cause someday I might know my heart know my heart know my heart. <3” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Back in Pittsburgh.
that's my favorite one to /:
really worried about the Bears staff for next year. It's like musical chairs up there.
I DONT UNDERSTAND AGAIN. How these aren't going in?! Quick. I love you.
We're in support of #SOPA and #PIPA strikes ... just too tech-inept to know how to blackout the zinefest site & tweets.
I think would have pics of that.
TCT Performing at the VHS in Athens Tonight!
thanks for the tweet
is looking forward to meeting with Chicago firefighters tonight
not much. I asked for a few pairs of cloths but that's it. I got a lot for my bday so I dobt want too much... So what's up??
what?! Road trip!! Next Tuesday after work for sure
Ladies and gentlemen we are floating in space...jealous, jealous space. I spent all my $$ on Bonnaroo.
Sorry to hear about your Gran. I hope she is recovering well.
If we ever play tennis note that I'm not shaking your hand after
thanks mr. :)
Just bought my tickets to see at next week!!
Always wondered how Greinke asked his smokin hot wife out on their first date? Something like "youre not so ugly and completely annoying"
I brought a cushion so you might not be the only one! Eluna2012
Thanks for letting us shoot at your house!!!
nigga well show me how to work this...i really don be on here like that newayz....
Top brand of #NFL Draft? #BudLight seemed to own the night. Good integration but those guys are just 22. Only a beer brand can pull that off
Channeling my inner Erin Brockovich. Hell hath no fury like a Jill scorned.
Am told there are >2100 conferees at #oah2012 #ncph2012. Milwaukee is fabulous. Congrats to conference program committee on great job.
Rev Barry Randolph talks about ass mass and the only time someone should put you in a box is when you die
RT : printing out my physical forms. yayyy actually excited for volleyball :)
lmao i brought the whole bottle with me i just took 1 this morning
Good morning! Be thankful for another chance at life. It's Tuesday. Monday's behind us. Hope everyone has a great day.
<3 one tree hill
If you can make it there before it goes dark on May 12, check out the show. Cool depiction of the Larry/Magic relationship
Wow! Osama won't be able to meet Jesus when he comes back!
Is it acceptable to include Van Halen's "Panama" on a greatest songs ever playlist or am I simply privileging my youth?
Did you know? Proper brushing technique is to brush for 2-3 minutes. Time yourself! www.kravitzdental.com
when's there gonna be a new HM full-length?? <3 you guys!!!
Really enjoying watching this Mano a Mano duel. Old Spice continues to lead the pack.
CHUBBY BUNNY
You have to follow me so i can
shit let get some friday<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>over sis house
love love love it:-) pink Is my favorite
the 110 from downtown was surprisingly light too.
Mortgage Bankers Association releases prediction that 2012 will be lowest recorded production since 1997 at $9.3 B
Love is a lot like a backache, it doesn't show up on X-rays, but you know it's there. ~ Gracie Allen
Heading to my photo shoot with Rex Lott! Can't wait!
Just watched 's Never Say Never Fan Cut. Flashbacked to all the old times. It's been a rollercoaster ride.
Changed my moniker to my #voiceactor name rather than kidvoiceactor. Thought it would be more personal.
Chris Jericho vs Cm punk
The Facebook Paradox: Mulling over your News Feed, thinking, "These people have absolutely no life," then realizing...they are YOUR FRIENDS!
Going to try to sleep one last time. Here goes nothing.
Just opened a pack of mixed berry fruit snacks and got ALL strawberries.
I seriously cannot believe that the NDP is now the second party in Canada. The total collapse of the Liberals is astounding.
Getting a report that Air Force will play Clemson in bowl game.
A must see! RT "Take Control of Your Website Migration", the deck from my Nov CM Pros webinar, is on homepage of slideshare
Monday google says "all your feeds are belong to us!" They are shutting down postrank. and I might play taps that morning.
Bus driver didn't get my twitter joke. Should've saw that one coming.
I'm bringing all the necessary things to work tommorow to make sure I dont get a migrane ! Food ,Water, Migrane pills and icecream money :)
I need some breakfast ); !!!
I'm just gonna tell her I'm not playing and than just show up for try outs
Recall Mondays...
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves
WB finalizing OA Access Policy and proposes to adopt a Creative Common-lie attribution license.
aw thanks love you too :D
honestly i'll do anything you want too
imma have a bcs party for all my explayers, c u there
So if I want to move to canada its because of justin bieber!! They say everything I do relates to him but yet they bring it up!!!! Stupid!
Hahahahahaha you're a bitch.
Check it out NaLee2010.com mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
#imagine Louis leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
i've been good, how about you
T.G.I.F Today God Is First- When you pray, I will listen. If you look for me wholeheartedly, you will find me. -Jeremiah 29:12
Thank you for the RT! Have a great day!
Thank you very much :)
girl you must be from Ireland because when I see u my dick is Dublin!!! Haha
No matter how many quotes and song lyrics there are, sometimes words just can't describe how you feel.
no one home.
"Poetry must resist the intelligence almost successfully." ~ Wallace Stevens
I'm in preproduction for a feature film. The film will screen at Universal Studios Citywalk 19 AMC-independent.
World At Large - Modest Mouse
For the love of everything that America stands for, please keep dancing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
When you realize your " bestfriend " wasnt really there for you when you needed her.. I'm so over this type of crap..
Michael Fried in current says he would've felt better about 70s & 80s artistic culture if he'd been aware of Robert Adams
Don't ever lose sight of what is truly important in this life.
I'm gone, to bed.
Im gne to the moon
Lady Gaga highly dislikes kittens.
This is my first one of these messages.
When apwh keeps you from going to relay for life <<<
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT NO MORE LIKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID YOUR SOO CUTE SO PLEASE FOLLOW ME <333
Setting out to study the Great Migration with NYC teachers today
No prob. Keep doin your thing.
thank you
Tigers are going to go on the prowl. Eat me some Rangers
Qwitter If I could just hold you in my arms an tell you how I feel. #Save Qwitter
last tweet was meant for , because I will do anything for that man. (in this case go to lunch)
Amazing, how have you been?
but there's no reason the librarian couldn't have kept track of her own spending.
*see Fahrenheit 451.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
It takes only a minute 2 get a crush on someone, an hour 2 like someone, & a day 2 love someone, but it takes a lifetime 2 forget someone.
for FREE. Where the front row?
Even though it may not always seem it, I truly think that Stella is the best housewife parent..
Broxton is so slow on the mound! My goodness
See you there!!! Good luck!
Non-WMA WAFA grads can bridge to the WFR level on WMA courses. Non WMA WFRs can also recert on WMA Bridge courses. New and good stuff!
Arrrrrrg! Why is this happening to me???
dooks would eat your sissy little pugs
#NSMN panel: #NBA has many more building dates to figure out. Great. More circuses.
it is amazing how bad ideas persist
we call them Queen Victoria's Tits, and "Canadian Bacon" is just called Bacon.
I'm still happy about the Giant's win :-)
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Just walked into the Honda Center you would have sworn you were going through airport security!
Facebook deleted my Mondiablue account so I will boycott them forever. FOREVER.
If your gonna drive a fucking huge ass truck like that you better learn how to use your goddamn mirrors before you switch into the nextlane
I think that's the wholesaler that Nobu gets their fish from
That's why I don't follow Rudolph. RT : Let me be abundantly clear I have never been interviewed for a GM job with the Magic.
We at believe that tasty treats brighten one's day. Today in the breakroom- chocolate banana bread + apple-mango pie. Jealous?
Guys who aren't sexually attracted to you, take anti-viagra pills.
When moms bicker at you while your driving, its so distracting! Stop bickering or we will die! Seriously, hah.
Mario Lopez is so freaking hot & so is & so is @ the list goes on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
got a meeting at 10, ill let you knoww
Follow me please :)
Never! RT I don't know about you but I'm getting tired of hearing my voice
I did! (your name) , right?
Bittersweet memories that is all I'm taking with me. So goodbye please dint cry. We both know I'm not what u need. And I will always love U
alright im getting annoyed u say u wanna fight .. u never show if u dont show imma end up at ur doorstep nigga
I'm mad right now
The executive staff at NPR are pathetic cowards!!!!!
“When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck.” – Estee Lauder
Why the hell am I still up?? Mehh I hate not having people to talk to right now!
we are good right?
wait what!!?
hey loser why u never text are tweet no more u ok
Herman Cain is out of the race. Started speech today with "I'de like to thank you...."
I need a vacation. Like now
oh yes we are;)
the man deserves it
Crazy! RT : NYC's population is growing poorer w/over 1.7 million at/below poverty line, 1million NYC residents use food stamps.
Why do ppl think it's okay to be an a** playing wow randoms just because of the anonymity... not cool ppl
Ok, Belmont, Vanderbilt, & TSU, a challenge has been issued. RT We may be biased but nothing beats 'The Bakersfield Sound'
It's game day!!! Who all is coming to the game tonight??!!
Coming to tonight? Grab a hoodie! Bought one already? Have another! It’s got a skull and guitars on it!
Thom Yorke and friends didn't disappoint last night.
That sucks. Hopefully yours will arrive soon.
hey this is Craig I wrote youabout that movie project. Did they call you yet?
New Show added April 14th at The Listening Room Nashville TN :-)
holy crap 7-5? did both teams just pull their goalies?
UPS not trying to acquire new business in KY. New commercial will not entice UK fans to find out what Brown can do for them.
RT Cheers to awesome #wine tweeps!
Good times! Let's not wait 15 more years to do it again cuz!
Need a #hair and #makeupartist for a music video shoot in #Bellingham at the end of the month! This one might be paid by the talent.
Good morning. RT : I want EVERYONE who reads this to wish me a goodnight BY NOW.
It makes perfect sense, when you see how Altuve, J.D., and even Lowrie have all fallen off. It's been tough to watch.
Investing in your education is always a good idea
follow back?(:
Do you think San Antonio has good musicians/bands? Tell us who you think they are...
so great hanging with you tonight! Look forward to seeing you soon! Text me at 954 294 3777
I was hoping I was wrong about Haggerty. Baer was on Bev Hillbillies? YouTube, here I come.
NO WAY! I guess you'll just have to come back to STL again soon to play it.
WOW! you look alot like my next boyfriend :O ;)
Haha, this is too much. Chris Davis relief pitching would just be the cherry on top for this entire series.
ninnnnnnaaaa u r awesome and I love u.
dude your so fuckn hot
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak.
Open mics are scary. No guarantees of quality, high or low.
Our military personnel was never meant to be a "party caterer" for a bunch of stupid, ignorant, lazy, gutless PUNKS!
the dresses look fantastic in display!
If only we could get some real aliens up in here!
Many older people are still capable of living in their own home, but may require non-medical assistance for every day chores and errands
Money keeps me motivated....#BAMSQUAD "Its the movement "
#NMSA2011 Fantastic conference and great sessions! Free wifi needs to be added and is a must for any conference these days.
I appreciated Glade more when they failed to intrude upon my notice
OMG guys! go talk/read/learn about how awesome it is to make stuff in Libraries, already!
Thx for the shout out. Nice to write about people doing good work and fighting the good fight.
Love the myspace page, good music too1
I just feel bad for the poor gals...and the johns : (
Its okay:) We will make it good!
Good response to the parents question. As an actor from a working class family, I would handle it the same way.
Ooh! parental humiliation, a very strong tool. Mine is HarryBear... :)
Feels like when I was in college, and girls wanted to keep me out of their rooms. How did that turn out?? [really well].
That is awesome
tag us in a tweet! Just started a new account yesterday and we have more followers than our old one hah
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 32
Get ready to party Fat Tuesday style & pack on an extra FREE patty at tomorrow and make your burgers doubles all day long!
Pick your outfit yet?RT : You should come with! The #DCAddyAward Gala is what all the cool kids are doing.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
whoo hoo! saturday night ~ sitting in front of the space heater with my kitties.
packing for four days so basically carrying everything i have, u gotta have options idk what i will feel like wearing
RT tayanwazy1 ConfessionNight I'd marry Eminem even if he lost all his money and fame. We'd make it. =)
I'm gonna miss my brother so much while he's in the academy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> but I'm such a proud sister #lovehim #bestcop <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093>
Facebook twitter instagram repeat x100. My before bed regimen.
Why is life so expensive??
Imma see how I can work this shit out for Saturday.
haha I miss you too! (: I hope everything's been going great for you and your family! Tell your parents I said hi! (:
": We bout to be on some real spontaneous issh ... #brooklyn" <---- its was all her idea!!
In lieu of the mango lassi I had with my saag paneer last night, I had some lemon greek yogurt with leftovers today. It did the trick!
follow back??
Can't wait for the Red Album #50who?
It is important for us to align the experiences, goals and needs of both the client and employee.
life is superb. High five for getting out of TC, too. I can't wait until I have the guts to leave the country.
Want to get blocked? Promote yourself as an expert in anything, send random links without explanation, or use the words "want to increase".
Thanks so much for your support. We will win the old-fashioned way: with hard work.
Empathy is my greatest gift... even when it hurts.
7.5 miles to get this day started--
do I need to kick some ass ? Lolol <3
On a whim, played through some of Beethoven's 7th sonata tonight - some freakishly lovely parts in there - DvL
"My son, you are ALWAYS WITH ME, and EVERYTHING I have is yours...". -- Luke 15:31
Good to be home.
We are in full swing getting ready for this year's fest! Info, links, and contests coming soon!
Went from 76 to 95 degrees. It's hot.
I love how I always talk to Jacobs mom to plan things :)
My sisters wears bras
Enjoying Butch Walker's "Sycamore Meadows" on this beautiful Chicago morning! Love his stuff.
Thanks for a great brunch at Black Market!
Eating at Wendy's by myself ..
Have fun!
Nail polish?!? Eye cream?! Pic please! Mine was some type of body cream, face cream, lip stuff... Think that was it?
can't wait:-)
MT Some DVA on #glee this week All my Alpha Chis (and everyone) should watch it
thanks so much
Keep trying to connect with the fab
You can't make someone love you.
Be jealous of these folks: They won free copies of COUNTRY OF THE BAD
Great shot of Thanks!
she's a human being. Of course she counts!
I come running to you when you need me but when its me it feels like im waiting in the dark
Do fans ever where Ryne Sandberg Phillies jerseys to Cubs/Phils games? If so, which team's fans wear it?
just panicking a little bit because we have to find a place to live in the UK in the next 8 weeks ... but I am very happy!
I paint my nails just so I can pick it off in history class.
Confidence is the attitude to influence the minds of people
1500 meters with the boys today. I'm only semi-excited.
PATIO IS BECKONING YOU FOR HAPPY HOUR AND DRINK SPECIALS!! JOIN US!! DJ HUMP SPINNING HIP HOP, R&B AND ANYTHING ELSE THAT MOVES YOU.
Mine too!
Droppin' the mic on ! BOOM INDEED.
Moving offices stinks. Especially when you've lived in your office longer than your apartment... It's incredible what you find!
No, that wasn't me on the Walmart commercial...I wish it was!!! How are you?
on page 1, section C, of Sat. July 30th edition, the person described as the "cooped-up berry lover" tis me! And it's true!
Going for a morning walk at two rivers sounds really nice right now.
Gucci Seeks to Swap Gaudy for Glam in Lavish Trip to China - ARTINFO
I hope not (;
Man, I miss when Disney Channel would show Bug Juice every summer... :(
2 years actually. Still a little too young. But i cannot wait for the discounts!
Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
oh about ronnie? lol sorry I don't remember his for real name. I'm watching the history channel I know I'm a nerd
Oh, eating will most definitely be involved. *wickedly smirking*
Oh my word, that's so unbelievably creepy!!
Thanks for the RT! We're still trying to decide all our favorite spots to visit
Damn, I feel like I haven't seen a tweet in 2 1/2 forevers.
Photographing at roscoes for Johnathan kidder and Marioneta fuego. Come catch Manny and take a photo!
d00d, where's my car?
Coming up at 225pm, I will chat with of ... #SummerSlam #JohnCena #CMpunk ...
heard you on Ferrall last night. Shake it up!!!!!!!!
haha where did you see this? this just made my day haha.
Happy Thanksgiving 2 all & remember; B4 the game, B4 the food, just take a moment & reflect on what UR grateful 4...B safe & enjoy UR day
yeah this
Then I guess you'll fit right in.
Lmfao i need a therapist straight up
haha dude i hear you!!! F that!
Hello!!! From who runs this account :)
so this google glasses thing is just a late april fools joke right
Good morning twEethearts hope yall have a wonderful safe great day..there's gonna be bad weather today so yall be safe on your travels
yo Bitch ass flaked on us xD
It's 8:36 & I'm currently driving to my 8:30 class... Do not take morning classes
Roman Emperor debate tomorrow. Nervous that I will run out of good prompts to spark debate. Any suggestions?
A perfect morning to sip tea in a garden - head to to support City Blossoms & get some Damn Fine Tea!
Q3. Do you have any tips for saving the most money while grocery shopping? Have a club card. Even if it's not yours.
Nite! It's been real.
Jeez chick! Don't show up to youth group looking like that! Put some clothes on!
. direct message or email me your # so we can get together for our once every 5 sighting. xoxo..after all..i did get married
WE CAN'T WAIT!! Getting pumped for tour!
Lin and Warner - Deep in their Faith (Tebow as well, but we know we talked about him too much)
today is an Adele kind of day
I'm going to be famous person soon if my followers get up to 80.K
lol - & it actually DOES work for about three & a half minutes more! ;)
This morning I learned that when you live 10 minutes down a dirt road, the guy who fills in potholes is treated like a god.
Is there anything significant about tomorrow? Oh I didn't think so.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
What I dont like is, like Hamilton, none of them seem to know how to fix things (including Washington)
I would take 1 million in cash for giving up the #18 jersey. Considering all my jerseys have my name and
Happy 420 stay blaze !!! my peepzzz
DHSI was expensive, but they have fellowships for grad students, never done DH, THATCamp is donation
I can't sleep.
Happy Easter all
Been busy around here. Any new, hot #SXSW tweet-ups that I must register for?
Taking care of class action administration so our clients can go work on new cases.
gshit goo hard or go home
i'm so bored, lolol. life.
Main streets 2 work: decent. But as mercury falls, my street & driveway: nightmarish. Trash cans 2 spend second nite @ the curb.
is that a trick question?
Today in 1941, Virginia Woolf filled her pockets with stones and drowned herself.
hey! Just noticed you replied back LOL I'm actually working this weekend :(
Got some personal stuff going on. Would really appreciate some prayers. Ty.
She knows it I'm sure, but I def miss #oomf ...
Fantastic job by the Virginia SHRM State Conference Committee! Great job Roanoke!
requesting a fast car to get us there. Although, am going to the ocean today...
REST DAY. my body is begging for it.
I love my job!
Just about #MadMen time! Which means #CocktailsForEveryone!
...but Kentucky is thy home.
Can't wait for #AfterMidnight movie in 3D
This story of reggie white and jerome brown on the nfl network is great!....I love the eagles back then...:-)
they collected cash and checks on the spot and raised more than required. Doing this for 20 yrs. never seen anything like it.
Few more days left and may be back next month but not sure. Lots of things to take care of back in the stAtes.
Congrats! RT : Celebrating 5 happy years with at French onion soup dumplings, here we come.
it's hard to dance with the devil on your back; so shake it off.
Haha :D thanks you made my day for being the first one!!!
RT We are farmers, duh da da da! #IHadTo ;) I still sing it every.damn.time
I'm working a double today but so happy I get to watch El Clasico at my bar.
I got a new headset and its too tight so I got a headache.
Haha even though I feel terrible for the liitle guy that made me laugh. Well Im glad to see u plan on seeking vengeance for Bates
I'm no android user
I call a low blow. She's not on twitter to defend herself!
awesome lil lady! hope u do well :)
October me! RT : anybody who thinks May and March are the only verb months have obviously never been Octobered by me.
When are #herecomethemummies coming back?
How does one file a complaint with ?
Always wanted to meet but never got to then someone always told me to Never Say Never #NEVERSAYNEVER xD
yuck. Just want some plain nacho chips and cheese. Don't want to tease the stomach virus with a mass of strong flavors and smells
i hope tammy hurry up!
Ate lunch outside next to a pair of EMTs on break. They were speaking Russian. There are just way too many jokes there.
Finally regaining my stamina, and it feels really good. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>>
Once again, I forgot how good was. This time I swear I'll stay.
Friday night and what am i doing? Sitting at home by myself
free beer?
<3 RT : Cross the line if you don't know what you'd do with out your girlfriend because she's amazing.
In this case, that's bollocks. We have used our "presence" to get involved in everything from restraining...
Julissa Carmona is making her directorial debut with indie feature "Chisel". The pic will start pre-production next year.
easy - Palmer isn't worth two 1st rounders...
For those that don't know, fixes cracked iPhone screens.
org which is the website of the American Apparel and Footwear Association
Get your Sacramento Small Claims documents served fast and served right! Sacramento Process Servers
oh, that's an awesome pic!!!
lalalalalalalala my idol is sexy lalalalalala
How's that border crossing wait time looking?
: Courage can solve in 30 seconds what timidity can't solve in 30 days. << so true!
spring has sprung. can you not tell from all these vibrantly saturated petals?
Can't wait till Saturday gunna hang with and an yael at western play land !!!!!
Solid jam sesh at the office boys? RT: Here's my number, call me maybe
sam OMG how are you?? that pic is scary btw!!
Excellent -- congrats!
Aha , them folks be wilding in the 7th at East !
Trying to edit this video but betty is trippin!! Yess i named my laptop betty! Lol
Nice!! RT Using to circumvent $40 hotel parking in Gaslamp! Good for my wallet & the environment, anyway...
Hey. :3 How are you?
sweet! :D where are you bitches goin'?
Able and Ready pressure washing cleaning up Las Vegas for 8 years
[Campus Bulletin] Anyone found using the term "Tech Walk" within a 200 yard radius of the Skiles building will be put on academic probation.
Girls these days really do throw the pussy at a blink of an eye
Lifestyle Autos Family Green Motorcycles Travel DIY
- I know!! I was kidding. Also wanting to lead you to believe I might get you something for Xmas.
#DBpedia's #SPARQL endpoint is a travesty. Getting all kinds of 400s and 500s.
remember you can view an image in the slideshow and/or on each individual photog's page, (text can be found on the latter)
Happy 4th of July...enjoy the beach this weekend!
Thanks Twitter for suspending for no apparent reason
Green light, red light, occassionally a yellow light, my mornings are so colorful!!
": Watching #NoKitchenRequired the only food show that doesn't make me hungry" I know, right?
Were you able to deposit? :D
Happy National Beer Day
That's a weekly mental battle for me. Or buy new clothes instead of laundry.
not sure what the right words are for that, but consider this my message of encouragement
thisisahotmess dot com!
Last night's WineSong was a big success. Was such a beautiful evening. Now I feel like sleeping for the next month.
Babysitting..I dont care what you say , but I am BABYSITTING you. (:
Sungod...oh, the memories.
The blind side is such a good movie
My Dad would berate me, and rightly so, if I kicked a club like Tiger just did. Grow up.
Yeah, I wanted to like it more. Still, they do some pretty amazing stuff.
Looking to donate black metal file cabinet to Chicago non-profit. Single file drawer, two smaller drawers, ~2.5 feet tall.
Get ya weight up
“: As soon as #Scorpio has made a commitment to you, you'll never fear betrayal #LoveScopes <U+2665>” umm not truest all
my pre-order FINALLY came. So happy! sound's amazing!
Answers: 21, Frontline, Amethyst, Power Supply, Link, Computer, Millions, Show Us Love
Sounds like you're ready to hit the books!
going to watch rhwbh and wwhl on the plane!
Eating sugar packets to pass the time. Domino sugar is better than C&H, FYI
Fellas if you're still taking bathroom mirror pics...
Thanks for the #FF & great to meet you!
Whos all buying tickets for concert in New York City!???
Imagine K'naan rapping over the MC Hammer beat . Ain't that some shit ?
best of luck! :)
Did you do the table yourself? Very beautiful!
Announcing , DC's first food truck devoted to peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Because of course there's one.
i would really appreciate that
u know the whole mil coming for memorial day hot ass mess lol
sounds a lot better than driving to San Antonio in it! :0)
Did you know that coffee grounds are absolutely fabulous to exfolaiter for your feet? Caffine says,.."Wake Up! Get those doggies runnin!
Something Was Wrong W/ My Love Today :(
Most people don't get that! #SadTruth x
Layover in MN. Some old timer fell asleep on my shoulder. Old people are to sweet to be mad.
now following back :))
#BMarshall is what we've been waiting for! Now get a bookend for #Peppers, #Forte signed & a couple offensive linemen & we're set!
“: Hollywood, what do you have in store for tonight?” / Feel free to pitch my novel as a film, ah? Must shoot it in AK!
It should be in the policies section of the class website
get out the vote gotta be a little twisted to appreciate
bring me beer and sing me sweet n0things while we drive t0 m0untain t0ps t0 stare at stars.
New goal, I need to be in a Nicholas Sparks movie!
I will miss seeing and work the room at #TBWII though.
2 where? I travel a lot
Listen, if you're gonna tease occupying Fenway, y'all better actually get together and set up a Hooverville in center field.
Thanks for the thoughts! Wish you could be here too.
#Rangers still undefeated in game 7s at MSG!
Hi people of twitter learn how to spell. I doubt the school system of America taught you to typ3 lyke thi$
the way my m describes it makes me feel like that book would infuriate me
Long time no tweet! We'll be leading a tour of Baltimore's Worker Cooperatives this Friday afternoon. And don't miss the ECWD this weekend!
Awesome, I used Youtube tutorials to figure it out. Still working on improving my castings. Bubbles are the bain of my existence.
Head out to Thursday Night (2/24) to see your take on the ! Go 'Stangs!
"It is never explained why female Moonbase personnel uniformly wore mauve or purple wigs, silver catsuits, and extensive eye make-up"
Been sketching out designs for my room.
Hey Indy Fans! Please take a moment and share YOUR opinion on the new TV shows that promote destruction of archaeological sites around the U
hi Hello
yes you will!! My baby no text back): or tweet back!!):
He was like David Wright but blonde and with way more charisma. Britney was playing in the background, it was a sign.
Former elite marathoner and triathlete, author of the best-selling health and fitness book, The Primal Blueprint
GAH! SO BEAUTIFUL! That song was perfect for your voice!
"You cannot succeed unless you Attempt to Fail!"
Looks great and goes good with your new shirt.
So, what did you guys think of this weeks new episode of iCarly?
<U+2605>R<U+2208>TW<U+2208><U+2208>T<U+2605> If you have Less then 5,000 Followers ( FOLLOW my Bro ) Get a SHOUTOUT to 10k+ ( Mention When Done)
Bout to get this gym flow going.
Guys it's Madison's B-Day soon and we want one of the boys to follow her! Please RT this! Here account is please!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card young teams this young bunch will have a big Boost with David west
30 Rock is officially back on NBC tonight! QWiP who your favorite character is and why then ask friends and family to voice their opinion!
free tats for life u get me in a film of urs even though u can buy anythin u want. 21 jump was funny as hell. great actor man
Back from 14 straight shooting days. Boston > NYC > Cape Cod > Chicago. Next: SD > SF > Boston again > Austin. This movie better be good!
We extend our condolences to the Rouleau and families; Jerry was a great colleague and friend to many in the builder community
khloe thanks for the lucy inspiration as a comic and actor it refreshes my energy
RFT!! “: I just love my high school so much. #ShitNobodyInMiamiSays”
join us at Thompson Library across from Berry Café at 3 p.m. TODAY for ReadAloud with artist Ann Hamilton! plz RT
Margarito lost because of Pacquiao and the doctors
The fact that the #Coyotes are 20 minutes away from playing the #Kings in the Western Conf Finals is insane.
Haha okay (: Will your mom bring you?
' Bitch that was yesterday lmao!
you are:)
So much better than the alternative of people who love to talk but have nothing to say. ;)
> We have a Gluten Free menu that includes Gluten Free Beer!!
#EISSOF you are all amazing! Cannot wait to begin our journey! You have all been so kind! Eminence is raising the bar!
sick. hoping that the Allegra i took earlier will kick in & at least alleviate my allergies. I'd really like to check out doors open mke
Fill Manning's eyes w/ that double $$$$$ vision $$$$$
thank you sent you a friend deal on fb
where you been all game
I'm working on it ;)
#oneofthesedays teachers’ salaries will be more than the average NBA player's...I just thought education was more important…I’m just sayin’
I hear you on that. Sensitivity is also a great strength, though.
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success
Leg 11 is done perfect wind smooth levee top, we're still leading and Eric is setting the levee on fire right now
My Journal Writing class today discovered the origin of Wonder Woman and just how many X-Men there are. Poor things.
Thanks Sarah! Have fun and good luck in Australia!
you too!
Feel like idont even exist to you anymore !
thanks for the shout-out!
I'm not f'd up Roseanne, everyone is calling for justice for trayvon, but no one knows the real story. What about justice
Baby I love playing with fire but were bout to get burned.. #<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
vacation over- back to work tomorrow. enjoying getting web-minded again by reading some blog posts
My stomach is making the oddest noises
have had timeline since sept and I love it. It's great, organized & i love being able to find stuff from 3 years ago. love it
Binay meets with top EU execs in Seoul
Gettin' all Tweety with it. Getting Twitter house in order while nursing sore throat. Follow for all our doings
#YOLO You Only Live Once
Hope everyone has a great first day back!
Signed up to be a running buddy today! Can't wait. cc
At least the Grapevine is nice to drive through this time of year.
FREE TROY DAVIS!!!!!
i'm so happy that i wont be sleeping alone tomorrow.
With the new facebook timelines for brands, wonder what this means for companies whose primary biz was facebook landing tabs
I'm deleting my account tomorrow ...can't enjoy anything anymore someone somewhere always has to ruin shyt....
glad I could make you smile!!
#linsanity in full affect!!! Nice hearing good things from about #knicks phenom...
Watching the stained glass giveaway sign ups on www.americanpbc.org.
Yes, please. Please pray that our Christian TV station's new venture gives us the $ to broadcast the gospel to all of Las Vegas.
Broke my glasses clean in half. Now I'm in what appears to be a LensCrafters in Atlanta, but I can't be sure.
Go get that new mixtape
ugh SAT saturday...
Unfortunately that isn't something that we are good at doing...cats are very hard to rehome! Contact reTails.
It's the June ArtWalk - Festivall Edition! Come see our exhibit at the GoodNews Mountaineer Garage Art Gallery
My favorite FAMU grad, how are you?
nothing just messing with u!! But you got something
Good morning to you Greg
You might like the book 'Ride with Me NYC" by
AND WISH HE WOULD FOLLOW US
RT : is joining the Air Force with me! :D // haha :P
Time to change my look. Hair,makeup and outfits. Spring is the best time to mix it up.
Jerome wins "audience choice" award at
lol very true
Two days of convenings in DC discussing libraries role in community transformation.Awesome. Urgent. Important. Promising.
& , what a great week! NBOC was nothing short of amazing & we are taking care of our customers after last weeks hail!
“Do not work for food that spoils but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you.” - John 6:27
awesome. Well thanks dude.
what makes me say tat about jayz? bcuz he is a evil prick ass big lipped devil loving rapper
I recently started juicing...a surprisingly tasty, and very healthy combination...2 cucumbers, 1 apple, 1 carrot and half a lemon
We aint goin out without a fight, we with whatever
"Time flies, but you are the pilot."Just heard that; sadly, the speaker was otherwise a jackass. Real quote from Michael Althsuler?
About time - Monday, July 18th - National "Get Out of The Doghouse" Day... Hear that honey - honey - hear that!!!???
#iwish I would have handled this whole situation differently.
Stuck working at 4am is not AS bad when is playing live in Melbourne
Back in the country and no panda car =( breakfast w like I was in
Space bags are the technology of the future
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
When you do your US Tour will you come to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
He hates freedom.
false as hell !!
#Rockies Jim Tracy and Tulo looked at video of Tulo's swing, trying to work out kinks. Didn't look good in 1st AB.
report: GOP budget "would enact new tax cuts that would provide huge windfalls to households at the top of the income scale"
Good he deserves it... hope his season is done!
have a blast!!!
You wish.
Human heart.- Greyson Chance "UnFriend You"
We support you and love that you and your child is active in staying healthy! Follow our blog, for tips and other useful info
LOOKING TO GET ON TOUR DATES (SECURITY/BODYGUARD)
#uknowuranerd when u play a game for 3 hours straight and beat it lol
NC sees mobilization on gay marriage
We used to worry about browser compatibility. Now we worry about e-reader compatibility.
Things and stuff are happening.
you share squat with me.
My friends always come to me to make them feel better and ask for my advice. I wish I could listen to it.
Haven't Been On In Forever, Whats All The Mahomies Up To??
I don't think it's normal for families to fight as much as this
Last showing in the USA is coming up - what are your plans after?
OMG THIS WEEKEND WE LEGIT NEED TO SKYPE
another motivational video?
Can't argue with that, brother.
rain rain go away come back another day
RT : I'm smoking TCHO in LA this Sunday 4 : Ppl always ask us if we ever get sick of eating chocolate. Answer?”
At today's meeting: "Twitter is useless for business communication other than for marketing." True?
yeah why?
RT RT : Remember, no matter how old you are, an empty Christmas wrapping paper tube is still a light saber.
No communication leads to imagination. If we don't talk about problems, you are going to imagine the worst. -
And I don’t mind when we fall out as long as we fall back into it.
haha ok short .
RT If its good, it's wonderful, if it's bad, it's experience...no regrets.
Melrose is the place to be.
: "Reinventing mobile gaming and education for kids?" I mean, while we're not overstating things...
whats the difference between us ? we could start at the penis. or scream I DONT GIVE A FUCK and see who really means it.
Happier and healthier than ever!!!!!
W.whoistrillogy.com check out the new webpage!!! Follow
Thanks for your support!
It's quiet in the systems department...too quiet.
hell yeah shit I would to! Lol
Come in and check out some books that inspired Oscar-nominated films! GRUFFALO and LOST & FOUND, we're a-talkin' bout YOU!
All time favorite. Confessions because for like 2 years i was convinced you said my name in that song at the beginning
#ZAP the boys would visit
iPod Error. Forced to Restore
"great eaters and great sleepers are incapable of anything else that is great." - my logic textbook which is clearly FALSE
you invite you host a Pure Romance party with 6 or more girls on one of those two days.
My boyfriend just geeked out harder than Sheldon on Big Bang Theory. Oh my
If Yo Number Aint Saved In His Phone
Fedex cutting jobs .. Who's next?
so i can ask u out
you suck at spelling Watever*
Just made some rhubarb crisp. Luckily, I'm the only one in my family who will eat it.
she's gonna learn how to make hot cheetos in it :p
Thanks for all the donations this week! We'll updated you again on Monday. Have a great weekend. Ride safe.
Our Worksite Wellness Forum is 5/22 at Premera Blue Cross in Mountlake Terrace. Email for more info & to RSVP.
thanks for the #ff! enjoying my saturday.(:
secretly enjoying this. Giggles
Sorta miss ya.. Wanna see your pretty ass in person
Great job on last week!
I'm in the brand-spanking-new WeWork Labs SF this afternoon if anyone wants a tour (as long as you don't mind a bit of construction noise).
HAHA same here! I always get spammed :)
millers my wingman on this night
Even tho I was getting irratated by her >> You_DahOne friends!!
“: Trying to have a little fun for a change.. ;)” Good 4 you! We need more of it! :)
Lmfao Making Me Mad & Ion Feel Good Tel Him 2 Leave Me Alone &&' GoodNight Because I Ain't Talking To Him.
I wish all these girls would realize their potential and stop selling themselves short.
yea my partner calling from 803# it wouldn't let me DM you back
The 11 million followers is Kim K. Not J-Lo just to clarify
hahaha alright i have a ton of hw i put off so imma goo(: have fun with Helen(: bye<3 ~Sarah
did not just tell us he on STRIKE! Because of chicken and spaghetti
you better, or i'll make you. :p
Ooh, that does sound lovely! Will have to find a spot for it on the old day planner...
The Government will help banks but not USPS? How fucked
Let's go blackhawks. Gonna watch till KINGS <3
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
He's just so talented too. #mancrush haha
Send a wish to our company dancers by posting on our page! They would love to hear from you.
Happy 13th bday to my daughter Draper. Plus a SO to Draper for turning 12 this past Wednesday.
Students contributed to scientific community by expanding Wikipedia articles as assignments. High sense of ownership after due date.
Meet , & He knows #CAPS hockey better than anyone!
#Peoplelikeus believe that there are no limits to what we can accomplish
We're back! Special thanks to Comcast. They had their crew out late and early this morning to locate and splice the fiber cut.
you and me both. where is tony terry anyway, talking about eye candy.
Im living to much right now..... jus followed me.....im bout to do a whole brandy concert just cause!!!!
Happy 199th birthday, Charles Dickens! Uh....hope you're relaxing.
Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal Everywhere!
Go for it! Ali Velshi is trying to eat healthier, so maybe he'll take you :-)
An investment in developing your bar/restaurant's social capital, can help you turn the slow days in to special days. Ask me how.
Spurs tuned the Jazz today!
I was worshipping with #whatloveisthis earlier today. What a wonderful and anointed song.My lunch break is just not long enough...
"Never ignore someone who cares for you. Because someday, you'll realize you've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones."
I'm one of the few who did not care enough to watch the royal wedding.
....but then I remember that I'm having lunch with and it makes it all better.
I'm really happy for you, and I'm gonna let you finish, but turntable.fm was the greatest DJ group of ALL TIME.
Hey EVERYBODY I NEED YOU ALL TO CALL POWER 92.3FM AT 773 375-9248 and request "FEEL MY SWAGGER" by SOLO XQUZIT
Don't know where to apply for a summer job!
: KM failed because it was a side activity. Knowledge sharing is a by-product of getting things done in social software.
Bad ass pic!
We will have to see what craziness is stirred up ;)
#Tigers. Most beautiful double play ever.
Sure - I could buy 10,000 followers... but what would that prove???
Did you know? has met two of her moms celebrity crushes of all time? One being Alan Alda whom she filmed with on Wanderlust.
Cousin Sal is actually understating the advantage you have by not making your picks ahead of time. It's really unfair to him.
I'm not say that I was talk contacts smh
The best time there is XD
Getting ready for my next web project. WordPress was mentioned but after reading client specs, all roads lead to
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. -Toni Morrison Say Hi on FB on.fb.me/qc2iDO
Gotta wake up at 5am to go to New York for my class trip! Hope it turns out good(:
idk if that thing is parking pass material!!
So we had a bunch of new "likes" yesterday...where are you guys from and what is your favorite episode so far?
Yummy!! RT “: Cheese cake, cookies, and bread!”
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. ~ Henry David Thoreau
So me being to dumb slut I am liked them. <U+263A>
We're still hiring. V. small company!
Okay now that I'm done with #Stranger, it's #HungerGames time, but that'll take a day. What should be my next literary fix, twitterverse?
LeBron is hated because he told us he was the best ever. He set unattainable expectations. A victim of his own ego.
Thank you Christine.
I miss my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Steph Curry's not on the team anymore right? Then ok, yeah we can play them.
Karma is a bitch .
Think about the ethics of that particular bit of entertainment and then I don't have to feel guilty about cancelling!
If you're around my sister, Taylor Jones please tell her to call me at: 773-875-0043
HA! I just found out the idiot kid's name across the street. Darwin. I think I just peed my pants!
bedtime reading: javascript closures.
I am honored..drop me a tweet when U do. Happy Easter RT : would like to get your music on the show.
ARE YOU PASSIONATE about the environment and about music? Join the Rock the Green team! Send your resume to:
I am in DC Tues/Thurs. Would 30-50 be too many?
I like that answer
Who's going to to see tomorrow for MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE? Can't wait!
What time are y'all going to Waterfront tonight?
I MUST have one. The waffle maker. Ok, and the waffle.
“Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute."-Proverbs 31:8 (NIV)
I'll be seeing you on Saturday morning. Looking forward!
My love life is your highest priority? Honored Mrs. Horan, honored indeed <3
At this pace, the west coast will be lapping our Seder
. Everybody Follow He Follow Back Nd He Gives ShoutOuts So Go Follow Him Nd Me .
Hope you've had a Sensational Sunday shoutout
I have nothing on the calendar at this point. I'll likely end up walking over to that WI beer fest at Bayshore next month.
:Thank you for standing up for what's right! I am so proud that you are my president.
“He who opens a school door, closes a prison.” – Victor Hugo
really were
All I do is sleep or read the newspaper
just did
I would go further.. its the "Paris of grocery stores." RT : Just had someone describe Wegmans as the "Vegas of grocery stores"
HathiTrust: single entity, many partners, bringing libraries closer together
Sometimes the right thing to do is not to do anything at all.
Training with video is ever surprising, for instance - how to evacuate a prison, how to be a visitor at a hospital
They way you do anything is the way you do everything.
News From TTB: Disclosure of Cochineal Extract and Carmine in the Labeling of Wines, Distilled Spirits, and Malt Beverages required.
Rays won!! So excited for the playoff games!!! So exciting!! I LOVE MY Rays!!!
“: For every actress that gets a Hollywood lead role, 1200 other actresses are forced into the pornography industry.”
ugh lucky. You left me at this hell hole by myself :(
When that dude enters your subway car reeking of weed and you're like, "Happy Wednesday, Bro."
follow back
oh no you didn't! *snaps fingers* :)
People piss me off. Not in the mood to deal with people right now.
Can we please get a home run shot out here in the ATI Club?
and he be floppin his ass off smh
I know, right? Oh well, it happens! I'll just have to wait until we play the Cubs :)
No, we didn't have any handouts, just a script with a scene partner, so you're good. Hope to see you next week! :)
Watching an episode of law and order svu where the judge refused to sign a warrant because there was no probable cause.
HaHa, I did! It's MINE and I'm giving it away, because I'm SO nice :)
do you think the #mets will make the playoffs this year?
Cirque du soleil rules ... pardon my french
Who is out in the big Sac tonight?!?
Good Morning World... putting my projections to bed but have to admit; recrunching the numbers more time consuming than I thought .... :(
The #Bulls should not be down in this series. Iggy is shooting 31% [19-62 FG], only has hit 3 3-pointers, hasn't gone for 20 points yet.
Tune into WPFW tonight from 10 pm to 1 am for a John Coltrane special in honor of his 85th birthday.
working orientation as
Good morning! Morning checklist. Coffee....check! Yup I'm good to go now! Happy Friday everyone.
Crazy RT I mean, no Heat player outside LeBron/Wade/Bosh scored after the 3rd quarter. Tough to win 3-on-5.
I'm not on a set date just need to get away from things and when I feel like heading back I will
and always thinking you're right. And the coolest motherfucker out there.
Where do you work? I'm guessing we know a lot of the same people.
YES we can certainly use them!
I'm good. I'm a retired model and working actress these days. Lol
Not justifying Olivia and the Presidents affair but it all make sense now.
I hate Ironing this what a need a girl for>>??
I've got two suggestions for my #WTFPlaylist for the commute home. Gimme ONE suggestion! I will blast it out the car windows no matter WHAT!
Just helped Yaz make herself some dogz for lunch :)
in here working on fixed me. Sounding god
congrats #Austin Young Lawyers for 1st place overall in the TYLA awards of achievement for the last bar year!
Placed 4th at Miami open ibjjf tournament
I'm starting to suspect that Draw Something is just a really easy game. That, or me and my partners are just rockin' it. Nah...
Lakers wasn't expect that. Wow
RT : Wow RT : Elias: Jamie Moyer has pitched to eight percent of all hitters in major league history.
LOL. Yeah.. <U+515A><U+5728><U+6211><U+6751> to you too.
In Labor .
it seem like my grandmother finds a way every freakin day to piss me off qnd this shizzz is makin me really angry
The only thing worse than a dementor is a dementor wearing flip flops. That sound is going to kill the rest of my sanity today.
The Hunger Games #LessAmbitiousNovels What?
thank you sir!
I felt like I did a lot better on my PSAT because of your class. It's sad that students won't have that advantage anymore!
Happy Mothers Day Pattie! Thank you for bringing Justin into the world and letting him live his dream. He couldn't do it without you!
Every night I have a dream about some crazy shit & this one specific person from my past always shows up in it :\
...staring that is! I need to wake up!!
hahaha yeah! I'll just turn in two book reports ha.
you obvi. Never had cookie dough ice cream ..
For your sake, make her cum <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I know that you like working on the Stage. So wanted to let you know that I got my Actors Equity card yesterday.
Gwen Stacy: Ah! Peter Parker: What is it babe?! Gwen Stacy: I saw a spider! I HATE spiders! Peter Parker: guhhhhhhhhhhh
no I'm pissed off like hell
I can see the light at the end of the tunnel, but I'm just sitting here in the dark, unmoving. It's really cold in here.
thanks for the warm Twitter welcome!!!!
it was like you know
did the heat win?
O, nice comeback! Do better! Lol. Hey, how 'bought some more antiquated racial slurs? Get out ur Amos and Andy records
Too many robotic followers out there! Walk your own path, think your own thoughts, have your own beliefs! Be authentic...
Getting interviewed on graycenycradio.com! Tune in!
If it snows during the Shamrock Run tomorrow I might cry.
He's got a photographic mind. Too bad it never developed.'
On this day in 2011, Edge retired as the World Heavyweight Champion.
Happy Mother's Day!
Not essential to remove knots but talk to your therapist for the ultimate relaxation experience
Have a nice afternoon.
proposes amendment to HR1070 requiring companies provide annual audited financial statement under
& my dads doesn't even back me up anymore.
didn't know they played tonight! Glad you had fun!
Girls being overly excited and extremely loud in the mornings
I know! I laughed out loud. He's a friend of mine from high school. Very funny.
sitting in civ pro class
You have any crazy dreams lately?
u around? Had a quick Q for you.
great, now, we're interested in you.
hey there miss fancy, what u up to
Hello! Do u know a way to help Google crawl/index sharepoint javascript menus/links? Wonder of there's a SP plugin or something...
Grace Period is a Non Profit started in Washington, DC & Kingston, JA.
have you watched any of your old contest videos recently? :)
Someone else with no children took the family parking space at the mall before I could grab it. Glad I'm not the only one that does that.
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
I'm learning how to make drupal themes. global naming and assumptions everywhere.
Before you would say he meddled too much in the team's decisions, but now that he no longer does that he's inept cause he ALLOWS
My sister bogus az hell but I got her doe
sounds fun!
robbing people of inhalers and cough syrup. man...the streets are ROUGH these days.
2 Chainz says he wanted to keep things real when choosing Drake as the feature for his latest smash “No Lie.” Watch
absolutely delicious
seeing , voice activated lamps onstage, beer activated fans in crowd
I really like what you've done with the committee. I fully support that effort---and I think others on the committee are on board
I Was Watching Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs Then I Think I Saw You On The commercial :0
cant wait to get home
ta-ta-totally jealous
Whats good sis how's life been treating you
Corporate personhood rights were developed by a supreme court that was simultaneously defending the institution of slavery
and are looking forward to hosting a big data and #Hadoop training session in Maryland. Stay tuned for details!
The sentence gives the proper sequence, but we aren't yet able to do the encoding. If you have suggestions, please let us know!
Hate to miss two Christmas parties tonight. :(
Enjoy working today! (How's that?)
Happy Birthday !
Post here when you release some cool new stuff, and I'll pay for it! (I'm a big fan of Meta-Message.)
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Getting from Jamaica to Cuba | Caribbean Travel Guide
...when you check your spam folder to find enough porn to keep you busy through the wknd...smh
Mixing a sci-fi rock opera makes me want to go home and watch The Event or Battlestar Galactica.
Let's be positive about this. He has force outs at both third and second now.
hurumph. KanLib gets the news before employees? Sounds about right...
just make sure the teleporter isn't experimental like in #Spaceballs... "Why didn't anyone tell me my ass was so big" lol
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no is watching.
Hey guys. Sorry I didn't get on yesterday. I didn't get to see breaking dawn at the premiere but I did see it Joliet. My thoughts...Amazing!
the pacers nigga?!?
Not your kind of people new album te
I knew you wouldn't hit me up again..
solved my first support ticket this morning. woohoo! I have a feeling this will make me obliged to solve more. bring it on.
What if you have a case that hides the actual home button?
I'm pretty sure we have talked about that... And somehow overcame it in our friendship once... Do we have to re hash this conflict?
Tracking is difficult. Fundamentally tagging all your links is essential
listening to...stigmatic...it's the ETHER that makes the soul burn slow! Luv Nas!
Best Fans in the world! empiresupportersclub.com "HAPPY 2011 PART 2" party this Saturday. Music by Tony Cirne and Victor Fonseca.FREE WI-FI
You calling me old? lol jk
Just wrapped for Flock. What an amazing day. I love being around amazing actors and filmmakers! I love my life!
Those nappy headed hoes; but my kitchen good
Now Following ;)
Nice! Thanks bro
Thanks for the RT!! =]
Officially a painting instructor. Let's get the paint flying!
no problem anytime
aw man she messed herself up? Pic?
leg process can benefit from crowdsourcing of info ( )
#show i like mag & pic w/hat a kiosk 4 #vegas Silk Secrets Beverly Hills Club Flamingo like concept
Gettin ready 2 go 2 school...we got a field trip yaa :) #Christianschoolswagg then we r out 4 spring break...thank God
Anyone looking for a touring sound guy? Hit me up! Also im a recording engineer if you need good studio time =]
Much better! :)
Rules of the road for a boundary less economy #edu2011 #edu11 Data is rocket fuel of innovation
Make your own Monday! You pick the 4 wines you wanna taste, only $14. Happy Hour kicks 4-7pm. Enjoy.
Isn't New York wonderful?! Will be there for a week in early June.
So you wanna do something April 11-13, 2012? Gotcha covered..
GA Gwinnett College continues to push the envelope. They are now looking at digitizing lectures & making learning more accessible
Very impressed by quick & direct response to my earlier tweet! That's some solid engagement & how good #PR is done my friends!
It'll be amazing if you'll follow us back, thanks :)
Did everyone wish a happy birthday?
yo falloutt sorry i missed 2 streams i will be at ur next one but yea im so sorry man
Not loving either Moodle or the server right now. Everything slow & lots of "cannot find" errors.
Of course not! Congrats to you guys! RT : Don't forget us! RT : Pele Gold awarded to for Room Service!
Chillin in midtown h-town... Enjoying the nite!!!
dammit. Got tix for another show same night in sf. Wish I had seen this first.
“: Excited because this week get to meet this Wednesday ”
r u going to the bowlin alley Friday?
re: Books at home - Hard to prove causation there. I bet there's other reasons that the kids of parents who keep books at home read.
your hair color is rockin!
God is doing something right now. Not sure exactly what it is but I'm happy about it.
#TheVibratorPlay by was amazing! wonderful work.
RT I'm pretty excited - we gave our website an overhaul and it's ready! I welcome your feedback. Please check it out! rkpr.net
Fish Fry in the books, now how 'bout a big win for the Crew!?
“: RT you've ever had the lead in a game, only to lose on the last turn because of pesky leftover tiles knows that
GO BUY YOURSELF SOME AUSTIN MAHONE TICKETS! Theyre onsale NOW! goodluck, wish I could come. <3
haha no problem! I'm from long islandd
a Harvey Milk Day. that's an of course
"It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up."
My boyfriend died :( RIP I love you.
This tattoo is taking forever to peel
Stop looking in the merrier merry! you'll get your self all horny. hahaha.. lol
#4 will be the best Christmas! we're looking forward to ours in punta cana
Cheers to all!
Lets see how this goes...
¤Naked I seek the camp of those who desire nothing.
I love youu katie!< 3 I miss you:/ planss soon girl!(:
Hello twitter!! How you doin? :)
that it is!! Watch it rain soon. The bay's weather changes SO much. Lol
Thx Mark. Whats every1 else seeing? Like it or not, how are your customers changing?
Currently reading The Beginner's Goodbye by Anne Tyler.
can't change members views but shared concerns with them last year - skipped this year. Definitely a mixed bag.
do you wanna see it? (:
Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind. -
everyone be sure to support tonight, keep the local tunes alive!
-- Which one of the two is your final answer?
Jeez that's some nasty.
lol what can I say :) Thanks!!
The wine is flowin' like beer! Prob cause it is beer
Rebel America lands song placement for Fuse's "Hoppus On Music" Congrats to Songwriter - Dom Gonnella!
If people had a clue about my truth...
Rainer Braun from Germany. 70% of world budget spent on militarization.
or go to a library
yes!!! We do!! If graduation isn't inside on Friday we should go together!! Are u gonna be here this weekend?
Thanks for the RT, guys!
haha nahh I'm good it's ceramics so the floors are like dirtier than in any other class >.<
lmfao wtf are you talking about.
We are fellow Tauruses. ;)
testing garza all night lol keep it going
It is on in GAFE too!
this is the first weekend im trying uber but its crazy expensive!!!
Cooked my lonely ass some shrimp.
haha I had too
I love when you smile baby. You are just gorgeous.
yay! Get your logo here inside of egg head! Welcome to the party!
Last night I slept with the lights on cuz I was too lazy to turn em off.
HELLA S/O to and congrats on #corstenscountdown250 get online NOW and join the party! WOOOOHOOOOO!
i bet this goes on at directors meetings all the time, doesn't it? :)
I miss my baby :(
Completed move from Delicio.us to Google Bookmarks. It's sad when a great product goes downhill because of corporate trading..
Is It Hawt ?
Nice win, especially with the way Haren was pitching.
Perhaps the Mayan's were right. I can't imagine a new year without Dick Clark.
Starting to get a grip on this HootSuite thingamajig
truck race today! lets go ty dillion and joeyy
No, Beyonce likes diamonds and if Rita Ora is a success, Jay-Z gets a payoff and buys diamonds for Beyonce.
I love the communal table. Today I eavesdropped on 2 elderly Israeli men telling each other jokes.
Do you have to park so close?
Watching today's historic match Houston vs D.C. On
Working on my book's final chapters.... Almost done.
yay I know super exciting!!!
Ok that doritos ad is my fav so far
Welcome to our Newest Followers! We need you. #Boston #GiveBack Pls RT!
#happymothersday to all and to all a great day!!
TONIGHT- The Black Honkeys will be at from 7:30-11:30pm!! Come on out!!
nice! Have fun!
even tho the man can do no wrong. Jeter isn't retarded, these other ny players should take notes
We can already see an egg on Elways face
awesome! How long are you staying bc I have to go to my nanas today?.
#sixers Yo Brand has to give us more in this series than he did against the Bulls
Hey what a nice surprise! Turned on TV &I get 2watch U play game today. Guess I'll cheer for the Yankees, who would'a thought?
we will forward your request to our advertising team. Thanks again... Now go get you some #Monicals Pizza! :)
busy firming up some projects today.. mixer tonight dtown DC.. BIG sponsor mtg tomorrow and Boston this weekend for the 4th to see my fam!!!
hey i just met you on omegle. can you follow backk plzzz?
Where are at my twitter buddies?
Happy Friday everybody!
Testing twitteringing from my phone.
Done with work already! Sleep time
Agreed. Full of outdated clichés much, Glamour? Kinda sad.
dam rite Never give up hustle loyalty respect and Always
suddenly realizes that watching the debate alone is lonely.
have fun! Its ok to slip a "Lets go Bucs" yell tonight..
we'll talk about it. Wendell and I already discussed lmao
FOLLOW ME
so cute
Good day all! Hope everyone has a blessed weekend!
at #herworld. You personify what every girl should strive 2 be. Faith, family & a desire 2 make the world better
hm... Not sire if we have one nearby
Butler wouldn't even do that.
. Maybe we both need smthg like: if Last.Sushi.Delivery < 30 days then display "We think u might have a problem. Love, "
next you'll be waving a white towel like patty mills. Lol.
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Boozie delightfullness. RT This is wonderful: Australian wine puts wine-making infographics on its bottle labels. bit.ly/qdfDIw
Doing my 100day challenge is very challenging but im doing it and everyday I get more done than the day before.
Thanks for being active in building a culture of life in this nation!! Congrats on the big win Thursday!!
watching the NBA Finals... until my 15 minute break is up. Working third shift is severely cutting in to my life as a sports fan.
awesome. Thanks.
funny how it really is a choice some days. Always a great decision though.
#IMISS you n u kno who u r..i wont explain wus understood..ily<3
i didnt see that it said her
eww i have to read xP
By the next change of millenia the richest and most powerful of us will be completely forgotten, superpowers will came and went...imagine!
I feel stupid retweeting ... b/c eveyone on twitter should be following.
Hiya! Figured it might be a good idea to follow you :)
#communicationwin “: If you want to know whether someone has understood you ask them to summarise their understanding.”
When things are at their worst, keep on going, this means they can only get better from here.”
me too. i'll just pop over to for another pippin' hot cup. i think there's a mcdonald's close to your shop.
is starting & growing a food-based business in NYC. And freestyling.
she is stunning! as for time i still remember the first time i met you at santa monica civic when i was Bill's wife! memories!
Oh my, dirty bass... Oh you got it like that... I can work that bad! Let me get that...
Is reading "Making a Living Without a Job: Winning Ways for Creating Work That You Love" and hoping to be inspired!
dude. Even Seth Rogan is engaged. Boo.
Want to be a part of our music? ASK US HOW!!!
Trying to attend #mbta fare cut hearing feels a lot like riding the Green Line: no space in room, no overflow room, no clear backup plan.
Dusty is making the lineups.
all this bitching bout lebron still , how he MVP tho ?
When someone offers you a last-minute Of Montreal ticket, you say yes. Hello, Chicago!
it's been on the top of my list forever, sounds great!
Omg, I'm listening the Alanis Morissette Cd and I immediately feel jaded about life.. and I love it!
So I have to jump in. LMFAO at Blair and Nomas as 1 of "the couples."
ur such a sweetie... I luv u bunches
Newsroom working to find the source of the loud noise withing the past hour. Details as we know them. #wsfa Anything from your end?
seriously I don't know(; everyone needs some of our swag(;
BLACKBERRY TO LOW FOR RADIO USE. Omg fuuccck you blackberry fuck youu :@
Maybe! But Kansas City is so much better!
Sounds a bit low-key for you.
Do we pass the test, "Deal or Dud," on Fox 45 this Wednesday morning show at 7:50 am? Watch Fox 45 for the answer.
She Just Took It :) .
Needless to say, I fell even more in love with her
Fans even booing the UTEP band!
Have a great time Erick! Much love for using ShowClix :)
I read 'em last year. my recommendations is can't get thru 1 (probably book 4), watch the movie and move on to the next one
We are talking about that on next Monday! Taxes during Ath. plague of Peloponnesian War, Justinian, and then the Black Death
Read Chapter 9 of Jasmine Absolute right now on our website!
hope u feel better Matt<3 LOVE YA:) i'm sure u are going to be en los premios juventud<3333
The cashier at Mcdonald's greeted me by name this morning. I think I just took my fatness to a whole new level.
way to make us sound wimpy haha
Belafonte supported a program to bring Kenyan students to the U.S. for study & exchange. One student was Barack Obama Sr.
OMG RT Re my 2009 survey US woman was homeless on street and going 2 surgery. Lost everything 2 pay 4 surgery.
You know that you've reached new levels of uptightness when your 70-year-old father has to tell you to hang loose and relax.
Really wanna skip scu…
. & I are debating: does anyone care to talk about Interleague Play or is it a dead topic since it'll be everyday next year?
I'm obsessed with that song. “: take me down like i'm a domino.... #onrepeat”
RT if you have skin
Haha! RT : we don't have to move...YOU do! MOL! Cats go where we please
My friends are amazed by how much I love my job. 2morro I teach. Not so 4those #Miramonte teachers, ripped from their students
TF im go do without my phone ????
ME TO!!!! we need to spread this around school.
absolutely!!! New house is 2 miles from the one in downtown Franklin. But we can do the Puckett's tour. :)
This bed is freakin comfortable !
Fowler looks likean idiot in all orange & his stupid mustache....
RT Moonwalking away after mugging someone because you're a smooth criminal.
where's the fight party tonight
Lol im so Bob Marley!!!! (high)
I never sleep I never try I never eat with you on my mind your the sun to my shine your amazing, beautiful, handsome, & ALL MINE. <3
taking a little break from twitter , need to just chill out .
his dancing was better!!
I mean, what else could it be? The chili alarm?
YOU NEED TO SEE THIS PLEASE AND FOLLOW ME I PROMISE YOU IT WILL BE THE BEST THING YOU DO IN YOUR LIFE
Be careful Garmin, you're dangerously close to ruining "Carol of the Bells" for me. Check yourself.
*pins you to the ground* damm girl! *squeezes cheecks to get them* RT : Damn. :( *stuffs brownies in my mouth & runs*
Almost all of this week's is dedicated to Larry Clark. Good stuff. cc
Really loving my #Sleep fragrance from #BathAndBodyWorks -_- ...so soothing.. z
Jamming to aventura pandora station
Our dog's birthday is today - she's turning 5!
“Unless your heart, your soul, and your whole being are behind every decision you make, the words from your mouth will be empty, and each...
I'm drinking a Dig and it is spectacular.
Thanks for the re-tweet! :)
Ill keep everyone posted!
Really liking spicy foods should be considered a form of masochism <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
This could spark a good debate. Best Chinese food in the city? RT : I want Chinese food tonight. Make it so.
yo ass is crazy
No prob! Have a great day! :)
i am eating tacos. this makes me cooler than you.
blah, we need to hang out and burn one...
nothin same over here
McDonalds does kidney transplants now.
My mom wants me to be perfect.. Not happening mom lol
yeah i hear what your saying
I am at the aurum lounge. I think they made a mistake with the latin. I know my periodic table...
HOOAH! RT : #shehechat A3: I don't mindslidesbut they should not be the presentation. You are the presentation. What's in your brain.
Off to work soon! :-) Ill be leaving for work when you get off! -slaps knee
which is bigger news, Tiger missing the cut or 59-year old Tom Watson tied for the lead?
U R right. Sounds great. Lots of options. GM salmon for PEI link. All kinds of lab animals, from bacteria to mammals. Good luck!
Why did you unfollow me three days after following me? Did you not like my to you?
We're in a really good place now.
it happens with auto stuff, sorry. Following back again. LOL! Happy thanksgiving.
We met, we talked, we liked, we texted, we dated, we committed, I loved, u cheated, we're done, you're deleted. #wedone :/
Nice avatar----
My new obsession
Onwards through Chinatown-- all clear now!
I would do it. Trade with NE if u can.
What do all you fine #socialmedia folks use as your twitter client/service for brand account? Is Hootesuite still cool?
Women comedians just aren't funny unless they have the humour and personality of a man.
U hate ants so do i U like basketball so do I U love to sing, so do I You like to make people smile, so do I! Let's hook up :)
girl people talk about people regardles Can't make anyone and everyone happy. As long as your happy that's all that matters
Prince James - "Call Me That" Freestyle (Music Video) YL.: via
get purple haze in a boot!!!!! Love the #biergarden!!!!
thanks for the #FolloWednesday shout out!
Friday again! Hit some live music spots & buy some CDs & tees! Enjoy the weekend, safely!!
Does anyone know if the Jack in the Box is open yet on 116th and Allisonville road? If not, I'll have to visit at Culvers.
PR=personal record, like in running. Only by word count...dorky writerly humor which is probably not really humorous
RT : When you're mid-message and they beat u to it. There's nothing like being on a persons mind when they're on yours. Ahh!
On El Cajon Blvd & Oregon next to the Chicken Pot Pie Shop
good dreams!
next show - wed feb 16 - renfield's corner, dallas 9pm Free Show
It's called the forgetting hormone :)) I don't have my own but I see how it is thru friends and cousins. A lot of work!
Let's leave no words unspoken, and leave regrets for the broken.
that's awesome! Do you have a webcam yet?! You need one.
Google Drive downloaded to my phone, but Google Drive says it is not available yet? What a country...
RT : brand new release. It includes Facebook integration, powerful new Post UI, YouTube video integration and more.
Shutout to ma tigers across the globe
Good talk this evening by Ruth Mostern on 2500-year environmental history of the Yellow River
awww, you should have told her that it's an American custom to take pictures of your masseuse's feet.
Music for 18 Musicians should be required listening for any team!
. Cuss wee Gotta BIG dae Tumorrow
“: <--- homo tweeter” <------ am not your just mad cause woody ain't come see you
Work in the food industry? Learn how to recognize common backroom hazards and recommended safe work practices.
Yanks and Redsox's.....what gives?????
Foxy got you hot, cause you kept your face in her puss,
Q: This whole snake thing is just a metaphor, right? A: I assure you, the snakes are very real.
I turned on a show called pawn stars and was verry dissapointed.
Damn that sucks
I only watch the last 30 seconds each week and I HATE it
Congrats Class of 2012...welcome to the club!
Heavyweight Champion Joe Frazier dies from cancer.
yep.. just ordered some grass fed beef top sirloin.
"My middle finger gets a boner whenever I think of you."
lol good luck sir.
In my dream Thanksgiving, we would dress like vikings and eat with our hands on a huge wood plank table. Instead I ate at the kiddie table.
Looking to exercise your taste buds? Register to be a taster at www.TasteTweet.com Remember, u taste then tweet. Plz RT
Hell of a game!
So sick today...I think it all finally caught up!!!
Tonight is the night www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=243491828997375 looking forward to this!!!!!!
RT : Come to tonight (4th & Bainbridge) at 9 for Fibber! I'll be telling a story which MAY OR MAY NOT be a fib.
Life it's never flat
The more lawyers therThe more lawyers there are, the more people are out there to encourage others not to go to law schoole.
Do it!
Did you see your reference on ? It prolly wasn't perfectly placed, but it was still in my head, so I did it anyway.
An anti-Scientology tweet by any other name is just as sweet.
The face I make when I poop >>>>>>
haha wow REBEL! :D
Not to happy with my friends or anyone else today...(but hey it happens!)
Freakshow. The Korova. Tonight. Bands, Dj's, slick dickens, cardinal health. Corner of Soledad and Martin. One night only
So weird to look in the Tweetstream of someone you interact with regularly and see all kinds of anti-gay-rights stuff.
man you have failed me...
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers out there
Are y'all ready for a contest from BonfireJam? Tune-in to our official Facebook page for information on how you could win a backstage tour!
o fun ! What are you listening to ?
it was good to see her stand up for herself. Next weeks episode I'm gonna die a little inside
I want to win!
Sup man. How can I get ahold of the #BucTown singles? Mine are terrible quality.
happy birthday babe<3 I hope your day is just as amazing as youu(: I love you so much<3
Wow I hate being in NYC today with a bunch of giants fans.
If there are particular new books you'd like to see us carry, please email us your suggestions.
I'm trying to see if I'm getting my phone again this weekend.
Vegas's polo is KILLING my eyes.
what was that about? #unfollow “: Boy if you don't shutup boy I show you something”
In LA now - let the apartment search begin!
I'm just gonna TRY my very best to stop thinking about it and pretend you never came back into my life
I need to go out tonight.
Hope to see members of and tweeting in for tonight's #YPNChat at 8 PM CDT! cc:
Chill nails it RT : Duncan - All Skill no Flash,,,, Griffin - All Flash no Skill,,,who would you rather have..damn highlights
#hotforteacher is extremely excited to see you tomorrow Bring your game face. We gettin wild.
A whole bunch of weird ass people. They wanna be buddy buddy with you one minute but then act funny acting the other minute smfh
Thank you for RT! Glad to share with you !!
What item of clothing best describes your personality, Seattleites?
Just wrote a brutally awesome #bootcamp workout for to be done on 3/31 at 8 & 10am!!! Super excited!
I know..its just irritating when someone just think they know so freaking much about you but don't know a cent
Don't wait on tomorrow to come to take advantage of today's agenda. Procrastination is the archenemy of success.
You have my heart , he's just renting.
I don wanna sleep........ Please get out..... Yeahh I love you but I don wanna you sleep... :@
meant u havent had a 3td game yet
if she dies... I might cry!
I saw THE AVENGERS today. That was pretty good. :)
Brenda is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to another island? what things should I definitely..
Liszt was def an inspiration to heavy metal.. came about in the middle of the romantic period that circled around emotion..
thanks for a great time at my first practice!
Yea the umpiring helped him but Garcia couldn't take tht advantage
love love love! Gagas thanksgiving! Now I still need to get stuffed!
I don't think so. I'm not mocking Carl's name. I'm mocking his actions.
I'm gonna have to walk... And swim. I got this.
Welcome to #NOLA “: On my way to Nola..looking forward to some hoops, fattening food, & warm weather..”
best 1st dance wedding song- Better Together by Jack Johnson!!!!
Last commit for the night: "Adding preloading of all modules. Holy speed increase Batman."
How fast do you want to go? LTE Network Ready For December Launch In US | eWEEK Europe UK eweekeurope.co.uk/news/lte-netwo… via
Just read your column and wanted to comment. If we have 2 superstars on our team, why not give it to the hot hand?
This week is going by so quickly...knock on wood
Finally taking my acting into my own hands... It feels good.
Got me demo's done by Those joints went from ok to amazing.
I wonder what looks like with the #ponytail down?
Blooper extends Castro's hit streak to 10 games.
#Terps #feartheturtle need this W let's go terps!!
Thank you for the follow. Cheers!
#CageKelly with the snipe for the win! Bruins lead series 1-0.
"Georgia On My Mind"
Hahah getting ribs on the corner by the NBC towers. Sounds not safe but okay. Hahaha stop walking fat or pregnant girl you're gonna get hit
#frequentlyaskedquestions are you mixed with german
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Seattle Post Intelligencer
Rereading: Archive Fever. Thinking about Abu Ghraib & photography and the kinds of taking-place taking place
“ good night”
thanks for the #SO this morning
Good job,just wished it was filmed!
what happened. Why u cry
yes, maybe later! Will be great to see you!! Love you! :)
Only 1 week left until is closed for the season - have no fear, they will be back in the spring
A plan in the mind of a man is not a plan
there is a difference in embracing "old school" and being stuck in "old school". You can't dig your way out
tomorrow after class I'm free! lol then Monday!
At the Burbank Airport, waiting on my flight to Austin. Happy to avoid LAX.
what, you didn't see him at cherry hills country club last night?
I got then went
Bvlgari found my bag... Who wants to gift me?
it really isn't a secret any more... HUM
Am starting new acting classes using hypnosis and I tell you it is a great way to let character come through you..better then a poltergeist.
No kidding. I imagine that there's an app for it on the iPhone that I'm just completely unaware of.
I got stood up tonight
you KILLED that dance with Louis and !!!! I miss you two dancing together!
Another great bookkeeping tip is to outsource to Mazuma!
Im on a mission to get mine I dont talk about it baby I be about it baby you know on a mission to get mine I wont stop til everybody knows
Good win for the #bucks. Jackson completely took over
Wow!!! 1st Don Cornelius now Dick Clark!?!?
Is it Friday yet?
i think mc hammer show is going to be good....
Boston Strikes 1st, quick goal off the face off, Might be a Mark Recchi Deflection
Baby sissy is snoring cuz shes so tired! Im gonna have to wake her up though so my mom can sleep through the night.
Southern Arizona Celiac Support (SACS) - Explorer News Southern Arizona Celiac Support (SACS) Explorer News What: Lecture and General Mee
Didn't realize the treadmill was still on when I went to wipe it down and had quite the entertaining fall! Could have been way worse!
ha ha sweet. send me the link :-)
Use media of all types- not just digital- to make museums more social
awesome! Can't wait to hang them!
happy birthday!!!!!
Lots of visitors tonight! We were invaded by Georgia Tech and UWM folks tonight, along with a Canadian!
I get flyers in my email for events in LA, Austin, and now... Brooklyn? I must be classified as a hipster.
lol well when I get on the computer we could promo eachother and gain if u want :)
RT : Using big words to sound smart... Oh, I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence. <-----that's my brother <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
ooooookkk! Print out directions!
What was Jon Baker's unit ID on the show CHiPs? Answer: Seven Mary Three.
I can't bring me one :) RT : My sandwich was banGinG! Go Get u one....
lol nahh I won't hurt nobody :)
to be able to share my path photos into my feed like twitter, FB, 4sq, and tumblr
I love computer classes.
After a surreal, star-studded weekend, we're back to work preparing for our annual #Christmas concerts at the !
KEEP HITTING HIM!
extending UNCONDITIONAL LOVE AND THANKS to all the vets out there for everything you have done for us.
Sammie is my most favorite grandaughter luv her very much even if she does like cheese and butter sandwiches lol
I love how Grandma SImpson is CGF and #FoodThatHasCrackInIt are trending at the same time omg :')
trying to figure out whether I wanna go out or not! Hbu?
ahh luckyy youu! i tried to get UVIP but they were all sold out! i kept saying no matches found! i will again next week
see him sometimes at the mall. w/ all the other lawyers. talking abt price-fixing the broadcast/cable tv :30 spot rate
I miss you guys so much ):
I grew up on #whitneyhouston music. "How Will I Know?" "I Wanna Dance with Somebody" + "Greatest Love of All" dominated my 80s + 90s :(
u know u do lol
I feel so revived.
Australia bound next week. Ready to ride a kangaroo and get lost in the outback!
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason so few engage in it. -Henry Ford
I'm told people hate when you're doing something right. It threatens them. Let them hate. It's all motivation.
Bay Area traffic so ugly in rain. One more reason why I do Caltrain
Great time tonight at Phil's in Arlington! stole the show! Thanks to and for the opportunity to play!
Good work figuring out three of us!
If you use the N word then you have no right to get upset at the MJB #BurgerKing commercial.
Went today for a slice of strawberry-rhubarb pie & was denied. We sold week's worth of pies in 1 day! MC making more...
suck it up
alright W.E
Happy birthday to Sophia!!
Word to your Mother.
Honored to represent the hard work of staff and corps during meeting with today in Milwaukee.
#Verizon #DSL is having problems with #DNS lookups tonight. It's not broken, but it is slow. Good thing I have #Clearwire as an alternate.
Impressive congrats on surviving the sun. Who needs #yodertoenails and #yodernipples anyway
Perhaps a broader consideration is that insurance increases availability of health services in Indian Country
Benton falls to McDonnell.
Hey Sara..You busy?
um....eww. You also forgot to add that you snore like an old man.
I'm only getting older.
I miss basketball.
yeah:-) ..but now u can root for the Stl Blues #StanelyCup1/4Finals
The Work Ethic « Welcome to Planet Terry
kind of like my dog. she hits her head all of the time and she's managed to stay somewhat normal.
lol...I told Orie I'm on the lookout for her..Do I need to be looking for you as well?..lol
But the dirt still stains me. So wash me, until I'm clean.
Ripken Stadium against the Ironbirds might be a good idea?
Officially goodnightand goodmorning beautiful people of earth,may the forces of good bestow on your beautiful slumbers and early awakenings.
woah, meta, you're all dressed as hipsters.... ;-)
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Fantasy baseball question who's is the better pick up on the Yankees to close games? Soriano or Robertson?
KIM YOU MUST TAKE LOTS OF PICS OF DUBAI
Most used letter in the alphabet?
OK, dammit, we are doing it and there will be a space shuttle involved. Maybe even dinner out just to say we did.
I love me some White Chocolate Mocha.<3
My monkey went to 6th with his biffles and left me in his room to study, but he did leave food, drink, and background music.
you "supporting" everybody but the important one ...... =
from now on and I call you #Nostradamus. HUGE win!
": Love it...just got an email from the producers of Troubadour, Tx..looks like me and Florin Sanchez will be... What????
coroner and police on the west side of Lake Merritt ???
Free on Oct 1? In Pittsburgh, PA? Come down to the Penn Brewery. Boulevard of the Allies play at 7. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
bringing great NOLA artists to the people!!! Keep it up!!
I will never forget my memories at Trinity with all my brothers
Thanks a lot! RT : Your place looks awesome!
RT : I jus wanna look pretty and go to dinner for my bday. Simple right?
Mary Kay Truth About Abuse national survey reports #victims struggling to find jobs & #shelter expect situation will only get worse
My shit messed up
living young,wild & free!
Good evening #bcsm. I'm in LA - officially NED now!!!
lets do it haha
Going for a new Iphone today!! Wish me luck ;)
"Blah blah blah" -teachers
will do, my sistah!
yes! i love teen wolf. when does it come back on? dm mee.? <3
RT "#tweetshout...a tweet shout out."pass it on ;)
"Good seeing y'all. : It was great to see my brother in the D yesterday! is a great speaker.
Love the attitude! RT : Great day to remember that you are exactly where you should be.
. They were deconstructed
Albon: Ignore politics at your peril, tools for governance, not governance through tools- integrate tools to make gov effective
what up bro! We still gotta link. Phonix told me you got stuck at the studio. I'm at the same spot
Broken down on the side of the road. Yep. I feel sorry for my aunt/ uncle. :/
Number one I do not get jealous of anyone number two I have been taking photographs since I was very young like 7
PreCal test; prepare to be dominated.
thanks dude!
He knows who he is
This is the day that the Lord has made, we will rejoice & be glad in it.
RT : #FF Bringing the #juvenilejustice news to you from the South Eastern US!
As a Drexel grad I wonder how this will change the CAA tourny no reason to have it on Richmond or Norfolk now
In my Opinion, foursquare can use geolocation data to deliver even more hyper local ads when their users check-in. Great for SMB.
If all you do is talk about people, then i must not like yourself very well
RT : RT : I hate it when I forget people's names
people is hella thirsty for
thanks for following! Check out our iPad/laptop app for real-time student data. We are being used by schools in Gaston, NC.
Lucy&#39;s Home Job Listing » Participants Needed/$175.00 (Houston )
When you're tired, draw strength from God. When you're speechless, talk to God. When you're lonely, there is God.
My phone is being stupid -.-
we will make it work suggie! I can't want to be able to pop over for a little weekend visit! Whew, the search is finally over!
sort out my nuts and fuck off
literally lasting on ice cream, a twix bar, and water right now.
Gotta love the french resistance; 53 degrees in Amsterdam, 47 in Budapest. Wonder how the Dow will react to this storm tomorrow.
I'm pulling for indiana I'm this round too
YAY!Got signed to Nashville Records and Hollywood Records.Which one should I pick?
too arrogant
Hey, Lee Child: Jim Caviezel would be a hell of a lot better as Jack Reacher than Tom Cruise ever would be.
Wat it do
Post a picture!! Something other than the egg. ;)
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
about to go bomb this final, but atleast i will be done with the class...hopefully, if i don't fail
JESUS.H.TAP-DANCING.CHRIST. Did Toledo leave his cards in the locker room again?
I gotta lotta stuff to be happy about but I don't praise certain suff cause it's materilistic. But I still give thanks
throwing a handful of nickels out your driver's side window is a great way to deter tailgaters. Just a heads-up...
Eric Schmidt says the greatest leaders breakout by their late 20s. I think that makes you the pick of the litter.
Just failed epically....
RT - “Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success” --Napoleon Hill
DO IT then. <3 haha, we love ya too AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!! :)
That mean I ain't hittin hard enough lol
the CIA
Great pics. Thanks! d) Goran? They all look sacked out.
while I'm driving? Impressive
#stm2012 economic impact of human genome project: cost just under 4 million & has a ROI of just under 800 million (May 2011)
hip > thank you cards... you may be at an impasse.
'behold a pale horse' is an xcelnt read
- Thanks for sharing these! Very powerful photos.
The music was tight back then too. That's probably the only decade id travel back too
it's out of the question after reading their totally lame Valentine's Day prank list
Going to sleep lil upset
who do you think should lead the collaboration charge?
lmao! Doesn't that make you miss taking the train?
If the Middle East was a collection of gas stations, Saudi Arabia would be a station.
What about kids in detention centers? How can we use #portals to help them?
No..although I wish I did, it bugs me when people text and drive.
Picked up an iced coffee in #LovePark for 28 cents. All proceeds go to park and recreation of Philly. Grab one before they leave at 3pm.
OH: its not raining, the air is just wet.
We'll see you in a pink Cadillac soon
Aww thanks. Yep. RT : you named Indy Hall?!!??? Incredible.
just put the zig zag dress on backorder! hope it comes in time for Thanksgiving!
so like; i just murdered that food & i'm not too happy about it. lol like it is all GONE.
U bitch
I will say this: Seattlites of all ages will be excited for this new product...especially when the sun comes out ;)
At least the WVU game was the second worse lose tonight, not the first lmao
Can anyone tell my why you would own a #powerboat and a #sailboat?
SatansParakeet: Working on my reimbursement submission for #sla2009 and mourning the decrease in travel funding from last year.
Haha you know I'm just kodfing! it is cute that a few days ago he was all, "i'm not gonna get a twitter" yep thats true
Put Bead Fest Santa Fe on your calendar for next year! Such a great show in such a beautiful city! Don't miss it!
& good morning to you!!!! Hahaha & Happy Mothers Day to those it apply lol
is it sad I could see show costing Cena the match so he can get his job back?
you look faded as hell in ur default pic... Lol
Thanks for the insights today. We appreciate it!
follow because he's a bitch. Nah just follow him,he really wants 6k followers lol.
RT : Safe flight <-- We miss you!
Textin' Brandan ((; He's the guy I met yesterday and he's just like me! We're trouble when you get us together ((x
Be regular and orderly in your life, that you may be violent and original in your work. -- Flaubert
Well I would, if it wasn't on my feed. That's what IM is for.
Thanks :) It's only for a year but I think it'll be an adventure.
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" 3/5 from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
All I have to do is look in your Eyes and I can see right into your soul... You can't hide who you are from me... It's a gift and a curse.
Hey! Everybody really needs a #businesscoach & #lifecoach...I'm just willing 2 discount. Wow...better email.
I became my worst cliché last night when I fell asleep with The New Yorker on my chest, listening to Bach's Preludes and Fugues.
I can't even be around you.. #quityelling <U+E411>
And that familiar feeling off being numb creeps on in
Wondering why a woman’s best friend is a diamond and a man’s best friend is a dog! Can someone with intelligence answer???
Virus warning : vitoria secret giving away gift cards. Virus goes after bank info and passwords !!!!!
Give that special Mom in your life the enduring gift of a Prefinished Tiete Chestnut Hardwood Floor.
love it, reppin the bravos!!
Just spent 7 minutes on the phone trying to figure out a stupid online order with I miss :(.
Wonderful, thanks! I've sent you an email from my SI address.
i gotta hit the gym
3.2 is available! New transitions like box fading and blinds. IE has trouble with transitions so use opt {IESafe:true} w/ larger galleries!
The heat is making everybody ruder then usual.
"We"were never on trial-that's the difference. #9/11 “: What differs us and the terrorists if we punish them without trial? #osama”
Avocados are high in fiber-bring on the GUAC!
Check the glove box for the chewed pencil.
Jim Henderson is way better than the tv shmucks! Just local coverage.
haha oh ok, we'll then I stand corrected :P.
Good night <U+E13C><U+E011>
we are dirty and unclean! a congregation of the unseen! together we will set this world on fire! this is the new religion! AMEN!!!
you tormented those shoes <U+E403><U+E415>
Oh, I get it. You're an idiot. Why didn't you just say so?
because Cleveland sports generally aren't successful and OSU sports generally are. Less to be critical about when you are
It'll be here on the 17th, so I'll definitely do that. Thanks for the tip!
I felt a little thrill when Friday's TV genealogy show had a Cameroon cowry shell shaker just like mine.
haha never heard of it :o
lets stop this dick hole!
"Midnight in Paris" now at $53.7 in the US, $53.0 foreign.
and both picked Starfish! RT : Tonight's Houston #NET2 quirky question: What sea creature would you be?
Finally, not a shocker in the AI results. I would also assume Hollie was not actaully bottom 3 by votes and the was ranfom for drama.
Reading Jess Stoner's I HAVE BLINDED MYSELF WRITING THIS.
Sister's Dance show <U+263A>
Enjoy the weekend Linda!
#PAPARAZZI Artist Video Premiere party this friday on big screen for rappers who want to show case their videos
When people try to copy off of your paper in class, like no, I didn't see you do all of this damn work to get the answer.
I've done that before...actually, did it within the past two weeks, and I love it!
okay, tell me when you can tinychat
Sell it. They are going for A LOT!!!!
You like krabby patties DON'T YOU squid ward?
NEW YORK FUCKERS!
OKAY BABE LET ME KNOW OKAY!!
RT Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, abuse ... Females go through a lot. WOMEN ARE STRONG.
I so wanted to dunk mrs.cox idk how to spell her name...
Thinking of seeing a movie by myself w/free AMC pass. Seeing Avengers this week so not that. Hunger Games or 21 Jump street?
Has ANYONE seen Jack White?
I was cracking up! Try it..respond to someone's tweet w.an opposing political view...fireworks fly. For hours.
Love your pic!
don't push too hard!
Want FREE tickets? Respond with the two rookie players who will be attending Be Social Night on 4/4 to get FREE tickets to the game!
Last night in portland, strip club. Yea.
Amen. RT : Lesson of the day. If you draft an amendment to a bill, research the subject that your amendment deals with.
that's wonderful!
The words that are unheard from a true friend's heart are "I'll be there... whether you say you need me or not."
#nkotbsbaussie is TRENDING AUSTRALIA YOUBGUYS R NEXT. PARTY BABY.
Lunch at Flemings today with my fellow Opera board members.
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a baller.
Gonna go to Chilis with him
MM..no question she was ground zero for a decade+ power-struggle between the most powerful factions of America..both political & otherwise.
Take risks. You'll never know the outcome if you don't even try."
Beilebers go all the way! We supprot not ONLY But Eachother WE'RE a family <3 Godbless You :)
Best Summer blockbuster of the last 5 years. // The Tree Of Life. (Hey, you live in your world, I'll live in mine.)
QoTD: "I'm going to make it someday, just because you said I wouldn't." (A.D. Robinson)
We kindly invite to follow us back. Thanks.
The alarm going off then turning it off to go back to sleep>>
No not yet, maybe we should?? Let me know, and feel free to do so if you'd like. I wrote you back as well :)
I love you too!
Wouldn't that give you some indication that people are spending more time on your page?
My cousin is getting married June 2, so we'll be in town that weekend. I'd love to try and squeeze in a drink or two with you!!
Did anyone else just see that homerun?! The pitcher even wowed it lol
Nothing like the real thing“: Real Hair fetish.... Short, long, nappy, straight, whatever... I LOVE that real hair.
Son: I bit my finger putting my gum in my mouth. Husband: Don't share things. Like that.
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 x,
THE GAUNTLET, yes, that's the name of the 4:30 X-CLASS...come early to prepare....really.
nope, technically they're only miserable. Red eye =overnight so at least a shot at sleep!
RT Damn! RT : prayers are wit he dinged up his knee in the senior bowl and gotta get an MRI! <- OH NO!
Battery is going c u later
No words can explain how I feel about you, but sometimes I wonder how you feel about me.
yet another time sync?
holy <U+E05A><U+E05A>! Crazy view.
In Rochester, she would be called the "Garbage Plate Hooker" to reflect her appearance. In NJ, simply called "Snooki @ 35"
- Thanks for the #FF, you can't ask for anything better than a love letter on Cranes (I vote for letterpress on Lettra!!)
Do u have a facebook
MEMBERSHIP PACKAGES $44-membership package of 4 classes | $80-membership package of 8 classes www.tribalenergycardio.com
we both picked the same game wrong
god damn teachers. worse than the hippies.
RT Congrats on winning Student Journalist of the Year! I see you USC –– that's two for two!
no I'm so sick of traveling and am going out of town twice next month
Email issues is NOT a good way to start the week -- especially when I am Assignment Desking.
Announcement at school: "We do have school tomorrow at 8:00 in the morning!" Random kid in the hall: "NO!"
Good way to start #raw with Orton
you don't wear elites with samoas!!!!!!!
I'm sorry & nope, do you?
How many breakfast spots do you have? We've got 6! YUM!
Got a txt that my boss's grandson fell off a waterfall into a river at 2pm and they still haven't found him! :( Please
it would be easier if we owned our own factory for strings, drum sticks, drum heads, etc.... so exhausting! ..but we will sound killer!
Headed to speak at Tea and Tales of Tenacity at W.V. University. There is a mighty stream of power that emerges when sisters get together.
Are you tired of templates??!? Check out Diamond Dezign Ideas and get your idea of what your business should appear!
explaning how Google+ offers "one stop shopping" to integrate the way we spend our time digitally.
that's awesome, my nephew got word that he's in couple of months ago, congrats
Down by 13
Crazyness. Things a-changin round here. Wink. Smh too.
thanks, If there is a unit cap say it up front. Now the ME is isking me to cut 1/3 of the plot.
its amazing what a girl will put up with for the boy she likes.
except in the workplace :p
It's been great to see you all! Have a wonderful Christmas!!
So they say.
GM and you too
:'( thanx for non!! Wen I need to talk to somone there not there for me!! Wtf!! #gettin more cold hearted
Girl I wrapped it UP dat how I know you Lyin! Lol
I was a ninja
Off to L.A.
Ladies and Gentleman, we are BACK! Year 4 of the camp will happen this summer from July 16 - Aug 1st. Spread the word, tell your friends!
I'm gonna make vid saying " I cry because I love " lol
The rebel in me LOVES knowing I don't HAVE to do anything today. Nope. I get to choose.
Volunteer Orientation tomorrow @ 6 pm #weloveourvolunteers!
I hope the other women reads my last tweet. You got fucked over, and was okay with getting fucked over. I call that
": You know those questions about when apps would overtake passive personal privacy? It just happened."// and its going to keep on
If God had a refrigerator, He'd have your picture on it. If God had a wallet, He'd have your picture in it.
I almost stopped in there a few minutes ago! I should have but now I'm on my porch with a beer.
I love watching golf but I'm not sure I can today with Kevin Na being the leader.
I'm getting pizza! and no to the pumpkin cupcakes because I already went to the store and I'm not paying for more
Not that im hatin ur profile pic but.. when r u gonna change it :/
Thanks for my first Journey! Really enjoyed it.
yes, I often find myself thinking "That's what librarians do!" when I read about DH.
"Jazz Crush" dinner is happening right after all the wineries close at 5PM in Zillah on Spring Barrel Tasting weekend (near Yakima, WA)
you are a stupid cum rag.
We love spending our weekends here with this gang. :-)
yeah we should take a detour to afghanistan during my trip to columbus in 2 weeks!?
I'm Gonna Lick His Ear Tommorrow...
yes, but network nightly news didn't spend 2 segments each on caterpillar-gate
Remember (on this day of love) if people are negative towards you, they're just exposing the things they deplore most in themselves
okay you HAVE to tell me #YOLO means. I am behind the loop
Go Extreme! RT Welcome Cincinnati Baseball Club to the Extreme family
Your brand is how people perceive you. It’s the impression people have in their hearts and minds when they think about your organization.
Justin Bieber: Holiday Album
what am i doing tonight Watchin old videos on youtube(: cant watch Waka Flocka with out thinking of summer 2011 on da cruise
insanity is intense... Even for you
Dreamt first downs were measured in baguettes. Pigskin bahn mi?
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Rule #1, No tweetn, Re-tweetn nggas or whateva else ya do on here! Jst incase you didnt get the memo the first time I told you
Pimpn want all good producers!!! "Lets Make Hit Records"..
dude I know. it's fantastic
Thanksgiving is coming... Time to dust off those sweatpants. Yum! All the food and pies... oh yeah pies... I lika pies. :)
We are looking for a Warehouse and Despatch person for our Newark based client on a permanent basis. Interested? Call 01636 701702.
calm down in there it smells like fufu and soup, X_X j/k
today for film ACT OF VIOLENCE. Beautiful print, riveting story, intense performances.
Definitely haven't seen enough crossover photos today guys...
you better believe it!
: No. But recently I have been blamed for getting cancer!
Thanks for the kind words! :)
never get enough of seeing people get electrocuted in the snow
how you looking on threads neighbor? I need a t for the summer
What if when you clicked "Expand" your waistband became elastic and your belly thanksgivinged out
Blackberry still marketing on the myth of a difficult to use touchscreen. Yeah, that'll work.
Robert Aubry Davis bringing his fine-toned radio voice to the #HHAwards stage. Great to have him here.
lol i dont know why but i find it funny how is going to Miami this weekend and was just in Orlando
Call Sojo @ whatever # I said
If everyone knew the real me, they'd probably be disappointed
Occupy #ROC says it likely needs more time than mayor's Friday deadline as some members need to find places to live.
S/O to the great She is freaking awesome!!!! Everyone should go follow her!!:)
Back at you Big... ,Juice
we call it nessey
Don't you get a little excited for those all-important Kevin Millwood starts?
Who I've been is important to me & who I'm becoming more so but who I am is merely a passing phase
For what it's worth, I liked you vid :-)
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight !! Only on LATalkRadio.com!!
That works with Cheetos also...
Congrats to TCU for winning the Who Gives a Shit Bowl. #Giveusadamnfootballplayoff!
Hey ! Can you do us a favor? Can you be kind enough to follow ? That's an account of ours. Thank you for your support!<U+30C4>
right to talk to about this. So if you ever read this please follow me back so i can DM you so i can talk . tbc
hey are you a porn star???
"What is the #1 Thing You Would Suggest Focusing on to positively impact the most people?"
Saw the cutest childrens cartoon series, "Frannys feet" My granddaughter said "Look Nana there's a movie about you and your feet-ty soaps
I heart Yellow Springs!
hahahahhaha those cinnamon apples they carried around just putting them on your plate were the shit!
Congratulations to LaToya and Marquis Britton. Your wedding was so beautiful...i loved it! We are now safely home!
After several years of leisure, he retired as Augustus at Diocletian's request in 305
Jalapeno Poppers are the best food in the whole world.
Idk. We will see I guess. I'm going in like nothing happened haha
R.I.P. to the thoughts in my head that I want to tweet but use better judgment and don't
kaz's head is shaved!
Finish this sentence Modern medicine must _____________
Why would golden state trade Ellis for an Injury prone center and a headcase who's nowhere near as good as he think he is
Guess What!
Stick with the same weight routine, add HIIT on the stairmaster and cut out most of your carb intake - you'll drop a lot of fat
i wish i could stay sick with you.
...sighs, nothing beats bowling away your retirement at Jillian's.
Mom is watching Psycho in the other room.
thanks for trying. Maybe we'll get to see you at the show.
Made a hit last night
o, ah
word, I will get back to ya. I'm just waiting for the new Mac Pros to come out, so hopefully that will be soon!
You hold on to everything because in reality it not being there is breath taking. You feel like the world has stop .Let go. Things will move
Hey, this is my virgin tweet. Let the communication begin!
*is starting over..*
Ok I got this other beat!! Legit!! Imma rap about my inner circle this time, al my niggas! I ain't no rapper but shiiieeet! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
your welcome
You will cry your eyes all that fun and 10 gives me chills cause its the last game i hope they still make 10 more to 20 omg EPIC
Had to remember I was at work
Cedar Point Time!!!
Air Traffic Controller Suspended For Being Drunk On The Job - AOL Travel News via @ It's a wonder anything gats done these days.
if i met mau i would freak out and probably make a nonhuman screetch-like sound lol (:
hopefully we'll get contests going soon. What do you think would be cool themes? Retro? Game Specific? Atari Culture?
haha I will never know man!
#Ali, Night of the Golden Butterfly. Islam Quintet 5 brings us to today. Key theme for all 5:The story of Islam is all about Islamic history
follow my main boo <3
You were amazing last night! We love you! <3
right now i'm in california =)
Could the Bucs have played the game under protest for that infield fly rule being clearly wrong?
See how businesses embrace #SocialMedia for B2B communication, with at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion
Its official is gunna have the honor of having me stay in her house(;
#Nf Follow Back
#ChiChat today...and what better than shopping in #Chicago! Join us in 15 minutes to talk about our favorite topic.
trying to plan a small getaway to Puerto Rico for my birthday....low key beach time.....want all inclusive
WHEN U COMING TO C ME BITCH! IN MY ANGRY VOICE! LOL
CASHERS NFL picks for Sunday: Giants PLAY OF THE MONTH +3 Patriots small play -7 Double unit play: 7pt teaser: Giants +10 and Pats EVEN
You don't stop playing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop playing. ~ Unknown
getting obsessed of LMFAO! :D <3
Just did my debate in practical law
#MichiganState Unbelievable. Just wow.
Im glad to see i got yall attention :) I AM ALBUQUERQUE NM... 500BOYZ ENT L.L.C. 2005/2012
congrats on the pitchfork review
I feel the same way.
Stuffing envelopes for Earl Bday party invites. Want to join the party on 12/2 at the Heights Theater? Call 612-926-3878 ext219 for info
thanks for the fast reply to my support request!
I like how people are employed full time for sound reinforcement but they can't make the feedback go away.
Definitely too soon.
Interesting: "Apple's insistence upon moving away from Flash has given a lot of visually impaired users access ..."
Care to lend them to me when you're done? Otherwise I'm going to hit up the good old library this w/e to check them out.
My little Mi-Careme has lasted over a week now. No self-control...
Good thing I have a headlamp! Nerdy survival gear coming in handy :)
that's hilarious because I had a fake dialogue goin on b/w them and the first thing they said to each other was "what's up bro"
It's abuzz up there. The swarm flew off into the sunset, well beyond my circle.
Hey Oliver, what's your game appearance song?
Patio seating will be first come first serve but we can take rez for 6 or more inside if you'd like! See you soon!
And thank you for the follow as well!
make sure you chop the onion & parsley good especially the onion. I had a hard time making the meatballs because of the onion.
Back to #OKC for a couple of days w/
tuning in tonight
shout out to my newest follower
Ugh, I hate when people make "on to" one word when it should be two.
Ah Thank you so much!!! :)) RT : #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno welcome dude, great day ahead
Dear Dora, How do you get that t-shirt to fit over your head? Sincerely, Thats physically impossiple
my brother has mass sunday, you're invited. THERE WILL BE WOOL. c;
Spanish for Development Studies - 6wks, June 7- July 21, intensive Spanish immersion program. Gain near-fluency and explore Costa Rica!
What a perfect morning! My favorite time of the day.
: Ben awesome news! Help get ten other people on board and voting Nathan on June 5th.
If anyone has questions for Johan #Galtung, let us know on Twitter and we'll see if we can pass them on!
I'm getting my hips pierced tomorrow. I'm not backing out. :)
Correction on my part: it was a cutter. Just not used to seeing that from Zito
That should jus about cover it.....
(_8(|) Homer Simpson
Cheap tacos! RT : 4pm-6pm TODAY - 4 tacos for $1 with any drink purchase at #ABQ area Taco Bell locations.
Text "DUPUYPERRY" to 22828 to receive the latest commercial real estate news! Cool new feature.
Woman in front of me gave me tissues already. I get this from my mom, I swear.
You watching the #RootsTech keynote? You were totally right about the microdata/schema stuff. Good sleuthing. :-)
ur light in the valley!
Filner says he could spend 2 minutes in every neighborhood, find out what they need, and bring it.
There is a certain degree of professionalism that needs to be re-implemented.
all the ed rhetoric plays well with the crowd, but it's just talk.
and are sissy bitches. We got all the way to Edna Collins haunted bridge and they wanted to turn around.
Does your home have poor air flow?? Most new furnaces have a higher blower speed capacity / options then your typical 20 yr old furnace.
Weird seeing a kid from your HS on tv and your tiny hometown being talked about
Women are beautiful in all shapes and sizes. (I just kid around about certain ppl, who are actually quite lovely :)
So -- best TexMex of #saa09 so far? Best BBQ?
Glad to pass it along! :)
OLLU has a float in the Fiesta Flambeau Parade!
Sitting in on a "Search 101" session at SharePoint Saturday.
gracias. I think I shall since I am off today. And watching the games.
Cried with laughter when I thought something on the floor was a mouldy sunflower, seed turns out it was a bit of bird shit omg
sounds like the XFL.
Omg, you guys. Today's the day to buy discount chocolate!
It funny when someone think of themself and know alot of thing which they don't lol
bubble baths are the best
Sure did. Such a great, informative one, too! Lots of great insights
I will try to meet new people, if that doesn't work, I'll move!
Unable to sleep..again
UM YES!
I wouldn't complain
Tira and Lanna Take over Utah: Boston Cream Cupcake = Heaven
hell ya im a g lik tht step to me i thought so
Tres cool! You rock!
Flatbed scanner = angry face. KIC scanner = ZOMG face. Love that machine.
that makes sense. I may or may not have seen you by the main door!
yup! Haven't gone in like 4 years 1 day for every year missed I guess
Last practice day of the week before heading to North Ark! Smells like playoffs
Thanks so much for coming in tonight-- hope you enjoyed your concert in Baltimore!
Have fun tonight! RT Tonight I play at acoustic moose cafe at 8pm! Lincoln ave in Bellevue. See ya there.
The game.
I want to go home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I feel unappreciated and unwanted here
is LIVE on in the #CHI - GREAT day to get scared! 4-Pack-Tix to area Haunted Houses on the show! Listen. Win....
"When you know the notes to sing...You can sing most anything! -The Sound of Music
Looking for corset designers wanting to collaborate on some upcoming publications.
lets hope no one saw that clip
bye:) Sweet Dreams
Blood, Sweat, and Beers. F•ck em up Sandman, F•ck em up clap clap
I never thought I would be this happy to see my taxes go up!
thats just grosssse way of thinking ;O
Brick Paving provides quality landscape and hardscape design for Indianapolis, IN and the surrounding areas
i didn't mean to tweet you, sorry. only is invited.
loves when she recognizes fonts on signs, menus, and ads. ;)
coyote ugly in memephis... really?
If didnt know any better, I would think & were higher than a kite. #smh #TooMuchEnergy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Ahhhw. Why not? /:
I'm sure we would have a challenge in winning hearts & minds *being diplomatic*
Noticed that all the POTUS's have been to the Triad a lot over the past 10 yrs-wonder why-doomsday bunker here???
House is clean and it's time for the future in-laws to come meet my parents. Hopefully, everything goes well and no one gets shanked.
#kickstarts by #example Listen to it
oh! Darn! How bout some beef jerky? Haha! Jk!
7 days left for you :P
Support local music!
My bad, Gale was still dead.
RT : Surgery can't be good :( Hope you recover quickly!... Thanx! Rotator cuff 3 inch+ tear, 4 metal bolts, etc. It was knarly!
OMG I AM SO EXITED . COMES TO ESTONIA !!!!! I SEE THEM SOON" YAYY GONNA HAVE A PIC,AUTOGRAM!! SO HAPPY:)
Enjoyable life
that's good. My weekend was busy as usual.
Welcome back
Have you thought about Niagara Falls? We went for 6 or 7 days, Amtrak, did every single water tour and had a blast.
Wow. Vacation should be called work
100th follower gets a prize! Who will it be?! The suspense is killing me....
and are all brainstrorming!! I expect a lot of great ideas here!
Just got back from watching the screening of Detention! Such a bizarre but awesome movie... Everyone should go check it out!
My mother is reading me every article off the internet as she reads it. Send help now. Help!
#10 is a good one: getting educated is crucial to managing #risk. No better way to approach than to use every resource.
Yikes! I hope not an adult person!
How tall are you? (:
Experis offers more access to critical talent and leading-edge solutions.
How cute! Thanks for the link. I'll check out the other videos in that channel.
STUCK IN DENMARK! There are worse things that could happen... but seriously having some flight issues. I'm sorry, Switzerland. See you soon?
Trash boat.
God Saw Me As I Was Nd He Still Keeps Me!!! <U+E057>
I need a sign like that says "No rules, EXCEPT write!"
If you're quoting a movie, and you quote the actor who said the line, isn't that the opposite of a quote?
I need some drank in this cup...
what are your thoughts on occupy wall street?
Robin S is rocking the stage live ! Happy 3 year anniversary Closet Sundays!
hope you don't feel another earthquake there.
guy on the radio said the Sixers don't belong & they have no chance to beat the Celtics. They lost by a point in gm1 win gm2
Join us tonight for trivia with DJ Joanie B. Play to win free drinks and even a cash prize
Shoutouts to the woman wearing a bikini in Duboce Park.
most def! i hope those dudes stay grounded cause they're going places...btw you're in good shape with the contest
DUDE THAT POWERPOINT PRESENTATION FUCKIN ROCKS
Need help? Ask! Kyt :j
Season 2 is only a few days away! Official annoucement coming shortly.
Thx for the mention the RT and welcome new followers!
Thank you! Were you able to check out any shows? If so, which ones?
#Beitzel is a FREAK! Come on #UNCBears, hold on now, time to go DANCIN!
I plan to attend convention.
March madness might as well be a holiday for America
Same<3 i hope we last a long time. even if im in highschool and u in 8th, we can make it work<3 my bus 994 my locker is 145
You are so welcome, Brother!
Pumped for tomorrow.
We need to elect a Conservative congress even if we do not get a conservative President this time.
My panties are so wet right now. Granted they are in the washing machine, but still.
where are my mates???
Who's out running around Houston showing houses? This guy!! Real estate is HOT here folks!
Strasmas is early this year. Play ball!
that's where we can do it. Close your your eyes feel our way thru it. I can't wait to groove ya
Thanks for your patience over the weekend. Tomorrow we'll assist you with support issues as we did today!
good deal. Not unusual its tough to move from one home to another
RT Easy 2 get stuck N religious habits -go 2 church, toss few bucks N plate, randomly browse Bible. Jesus has other plans.
haha. the advantage of a wacky job i guess.
Real estate exam is on Thurs. I have alot of studying to do today. If i pass I can park my license at Jay A. Goldstein Law Office.
If it was possible, I'd probably be late to my own funeral.
Love It. Its soo good Common!
yeah I am!
The only country that doesn't recognize English as the official language of the USA...is the USA. EMBARRASSING!
Earthscience-2012 is an exciting opportunity to showcase the new technology, the new products of your company, and/or the service your indu…
Although Little Caesar's bathroom is pretty gross, at-work dooks are the best because I'm getting paid to poo. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Marcum says need to start digitizing ourselves (w/o promise of Google). Yes, and if that means shifting resources, so be it.
keep going... You'll be in Chi by morning. ;)
Greenwood native needs few more backers for cross-Europe/Asia cycling trip; Int'l Supper Club documents food with locals....
awesome! :) I am so overdue right now, have been so busy! maybe easter/passover weekend when I go home :)
im following her already
New Mexico Movies!
Thank you thank you!
Tune in at 10am today to Wfla970 to the Duncan Duo Radio Show where Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will be one of today's guest
Rebound control is so much easier with a puck than with a ball.
Spring break was awesome :)
worst advice giver....
you need to twitpic that thang lol
It really is :)
thanks for all the new followers lol can't wait to announce the surprise we have for
why wasn't I invited? We go way back!
BORED. someone talk to me. (:
lol -_- « Why does everybody talk to there car or name it?»
Feels weird to be 19 now. Oddly enough, I wanna get my life going. Step one. Get I.D. an such, step two, job, step three, new place. :D
In the lab w/
Working on new proposals for the April 1st Pepsi Refresh! Stay tuned peeps, and keep the faith- I am!
Going on live with funny lady riight here on radiokolamerica.com
people DO change but not always for better
Days like today confirm the fact that I will never leave SoCal - This is my 'hood baby!
I utilize tweets 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Can't get Heartbeat by The Fray out of my head..such an inspirational band.
do u have the link to brits awards
I have 2 audible credits burning a hole in my pocket. Anyone have suggestions for good commute-escaping audiobooks?
a big hommie why it hard to play wit u on 2k12
NO Thank YOU.... lol love that there's so many Hooligans on Twitter :)
haven't tweeted in a long while. so here ya go! I tweeted! :)
Good Morning! Group Reformer and PULSE Barre are coming up at 8:30! Join us to stretch, strengthen and feel great!
Hair Washing + Humidity = Muppet
Can the media please collectively get out of my face about Super Bowl commercials? #Idon'tgiveaflyingfuck
Enjoy ELLEN SNORTLAND: Fritz Coleman's "What A Week" - Happy Birthday NOW (1990): via
When is last time you lucked out, the check out girl walked over and said "I can help you at this counter" and you went to front of the line
:( not going to VidCon.
I kinda like "google juice". Let's get it going and then mock it later. Haha
Dropping some Cary Carson consumer revolution references on these homeschool kids!
#classicblackmovie Menace to Society
at best, a playoff
Ready to be out of school so I won't need a job because I will be pursuing my career...
Can we talk about how my cousin is UNSTOPPABLE?!
“: I love your stories.” < THANKS!!
I know some fans are still skeptical because of a few rough early outings, but this #Brewers bullpen will be as good as any in the league.
hah I can only think of those food commercials on Disney channel through different countries
. doesn't know how to use Tumblr. LOL. It's called teaching yourself bro.
Brandy's new music is disappointing...2nd2none
You amaze! Love it! And thanks for the reasons to recall Kleefisch. Ready for my next front door question.
Looking forward to the Dripping Springs Founders Day festivities this weekend. Parade tonight at 6:30. See you there.
goal is to have our LMS support Presio authored content as well as content created in any other authoring tool (Articulate, Captivate, etc)
Judy Hale is providing info on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Wed eve in Denver. www.ispi-frc.org
How about an article on the best way to use iPhoto for iOS with your desktop iPhoto… syncing is a nightmare.
oh gosh i need more followers... :P
I need to get out of the house
will do!!
27 M ppl are living with #AIDS. Treatment now just $500 a year thanks to AIDS activists. Please support to
Phrases that should be used more often : "I'll tickle your catastrophe"
would be best if we could get it before break, but can address after if needed.
Looking forward to it!
Lmao(x what does it mean in spanish : Wtf is ORA??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Whatevs friends come and then they go ~
But now I'm going to bed... So, goodnight <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
There was a line at the mailbox today, people mailing red netflix envelopes.
shit im grown.
taking shots
Actually 4 bracelets from Stella and Dot.
#goodcauseRT : We're up to 15 cents. Why just a penny? Cause we need hundreds of followers, and that adds up to big money!
Ah shit just got real!!! :)
Hey guys. How've you been?
Life is sometimes like a UFC fight. You can be on top even when it seems you're at the bottom or vice versa
Pete #Townshend "Tough Boys" playing at #hawks #sharks game?
I'm with the
Thank you dear. Same to you!
Ah, the dry desert heat of Arizona!
. is the new Nick Fury.
Maybe he's an assassin?
nfl network. its a marathon, two more episodes as well.
douche bag :)
The is finally here! What do you think?! I know we love it!
Retailers should be encouraged to cross promote too. Tweet their followers "drop us a review on Yelp" etc...
Just left the office. Busy day!
ok ok ima stop :-P
agree with Yvette Carnell's response to Russell Simmons request for no "race war" re: #trayvon. No call to war...only justice.
any reactions to Kissins upcoming tour?
Now batting for the Nationals, #34 Bryce Harper.
one of my favorite parts of art is the names of the artwork, it can really make or break to piece
I feel you on the tired. Your kids were flawless this weekend!
where's the rtc's at
Biting grass shoots: Dog in icy puddle Tasting Spring.
start off with listening to the wdw fanboys uncensored episode about the book "the dark side of Disney"
Oh okay that's good. I'm not sad either (: Is friendship youth doing anything that's not on Wednesday or sunday any time soon?
hoping los suns win tonight so we can get tickets to the spurs season finale/playoff preview tomorrow
Look at the stats and combine them.Clippers have outscored the lakers with points/rebounds. etc. we have a better bench lol
Congratulations on the new office!
Walking by someone u don't like and holing your breath sonyou don't breath there air #IveDoneThat lol I'm terrible
when will you be back to Charlotte,NC...?
Weston wrote this poem about me and it says "I've actually never seen her run" and everyone who reads it always goes "I haven't either..."
Believe in smart govt and it blows my mind the billions spent and exported for dirty fuel
I #love winning almost as much as I #hate losing.
Ehhh so much for warped tour... Praying for an even better line up next year!!
I'm feeling lucky today. Just wanted to share that. Make a choice to have a great weekend.
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
Come see Lagond Songwriter Sessions featuring and our other talented students!!
Finally I have service
Is watching an idiot pour gasoline on a fire.
MAC MILLER <33
Thank you, Carlos! I am grateful to you for believing in this music and helping get it out!
RT : When folks need me, I'm always around. When I need them... crickets. <U+25C4> Say it Again Jacqui!!!!
thanks, frank. good catching up the other night!
Countin on some complimentary LimeHeadBands from ...they'll totally compliment our new thick frame glasswear soon 2B unveiled
are you in SF?
What a beautiful day!
dannngg, we will have to catch up when you come back
-- because World Wildlife Fund has WWF trademarked. Vince didn't want to fight them for the name.
Cheers! Break a leg on your next gig.
Damn slippery you horny babe
#ifyoureallylikedme you would try harder
:-)congrats on the baby!!
Yknow someday Hoda is gonna snap and bitchslap KathieLee across the neck with a broken wine glass. I can't wait!!
"Soul Man" was written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter. Steve Cropper played on both the original Sam & Dave recording, and the Blues Brothe
So its common for that iceberg to melt?
Interesting how we now know the names of Sergeant Bales' wife and children but how many know the names of the 16 Afghans killed.
#bcwo 3 mile run, in 33 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> M1: slim down pancake with coffee (almond milk & stevia) & my meta-d
uhh yeah gurl I know! Thank God my mom is working from home today. She's going back with me and Bitching at them! Lololol!
I leave for SLC Thursday. So either before or Sunday when I am back?
Shy persons have the Biggest Heart in the world.
I'm glad you agree ;P
Did you remember to join the Facebook book chat last night?
Thank you, Steve Jobs, for tracking Bin Laden when no one else could.
The Bearded Tourist begins with the best ruined castles in Scotland. Stay tuned for the Top Ten American Presidential Homes....
It's rainin
Should I be nervous about my Flyers?
It apparently took engineers three hours to install
Omg it's actually weir being home .. Can someone come over to entertain me loll
They get the home game if Buffalo wins tomorrow!
im just another product of my mothers pride
thanks hooe :D
#Denver we just signed up a couple more musicians for the #ShineYourDivine Children of Light #Event in June! Tomorrow we can talk :)
First Day of Training
Don't come back
Snowy...snowy. ABQ's losing its shiz
OMG My paper is due today and I still haven't finished my last paragraph!!!! The worst part is IT'S IN MY LOCKER!!!! :(
Why did he have to choose a college so far away tho? Just why? <U+E408>
Overlimped AK with a 2.5M stack in the 120k bb, was pretty sure she was gonna rip w/any two but she had 66, i turned a K
heard some EXCITING news bridget!! :D :D HAPPINESS!!!
Finally after 4 grocery stores I found one that was NOT sold out of corned beef!
G'morning have a beautiful day.
I'm tired of studying.
: Noo.. he's coming here!! Ill call you after school and tell you all about it. :)
Fatty Mc fat fats at the pool today -___-
Thanks to Bioware for a Great Meet & Greet last night at the Hyatt in Seattle WA. The Q&A for the SWTOR was fantastic! Met a lot of peeps.
the idea is ALMOST as stupid as Klout. But, I guess most social media "experts" are kids whose asses we kicked growing up.
Hope James Hardin is ok. I remember when I hit by Marc Gasol the same way. I was spitting up blood and a headache.
being a machine today, because I have to be to conquer the long to do list.. making progress
u must be tipsy brah RT “: Yo j kwon is looking for beats for his new highly anticipated mixtape. send me your info ASAP”
Lee Strobel's "The Case For Christ" and James Baldwin's "Just Above My Head" ....Thought provoking page turners
Company need a recharge? Energy or relaxation... We go to your office/home/event with professional Reflexology. They love it!
": Bait....larryanna" Bake....Larryanna :) did u like it?
Tonight is College Night! Don't forget your college ID's, so you can get your free chicken sandwich (:
Thank you, Hilary of Lady A, for thanking RADIO in your "Song of The Year" Grammy. Means a lot to us in the industry.
Wow follower 96000 feel honored still knowing you will be at 2000000 by end of week:-)
Overheard a guy on the bus boasting of how he bought "Lay Mizz" tix and my inner Condescending Wonka thought, "oh, you must be so cultured."
RT : Wonder how much rewrite obama indoctrination speech 2 kids underwent be4 they posted today because of fuss we kicked up
Rice buckets >
220 shouldn't be too bad... good luck this week with all of them!
Still here. Just quiet. How are you?
#beardown lets go bears!
thanks. would love to read your piece if you'd like to send it along.
I predicted an 11-10 Pens win on Monday's STL. I thought I was kidding. Turns out I was half kidding.
Do it!! It's easy & you'll feel good!! RT : Debating doing PETA's 30 day vegan challenge...
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam if a woman says she's Muslim n wears her hijab only when she prays it doesn't mean she follows Islam
So happy for you two!
just finished watching & on #bethennyeverafter I <3 them both Outspoken, Real & Smart!
Is it pathetic for me to say that a thing of silly putty is like ... the only thing calming me down anymore?
Remember when Noonan was Reagan's speech writer she was afraid of Nancy. Would hide when she heard her coming down the hall :)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bibb & Chilton Counties until 07:15 PM
I stepped into the oven that is my car
That's fuckin' hilarious.
30 Hours and counting until the 3rd Annual "Evening With Route 66 & Friends" Our GOAL THIS YEAR IS 10,000.00! We can DO IT!
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Whenever I get a sweet text from you, my stomach fills with butterflies. I know it's not supposed to, but does it? Yes.
Rainy day in Portland. Going to find some delicious coffee.
the caribou burger and beer were fringe benefits of the odyssey. Very welcome fringe benefits.
Jean Pierre Claris De Florian~ Pleasure of love lasts but a moment Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Hello, Georgia.
doing work man! hardwork pays off!
yes! Love this!
my brother loves u and is ur biggest fan and would love if u followed him back
LOVE the site!! I remember it like this when I was prefrosh. Love, .rochester.edu ;)
Yoenis Cespedes strained a muscle in back of his hand? I was under impression there ARE no muscles in hand, just tendons linked to forearm
The ending of "Shakespeare in Love" has been on my mind a lot lately...so heartbreakingly beautiful! But mostly just heartbreaking.
post pics I love it there :)
I wish there was a way the Pacers could land Rondo... they could use a 10 10 and 20 night from their point guard.
will be buying a Lucroy shirzey when the Team Store has them in my size
haha im watching a Leonardo Dicaprio biography.... :)))
kanye just wrote a book via 529,492 tweets. put kerouac to shame.
Have you checked out Stained Glass Hearts? If you haven't then you should! Beautiful, unique, hand-crafted designs...more from them in 2011
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >
oops! i was mixing it up with "this land is my land"
- Need to keep up wid dis twitter - ive been slacckinnn ! ; - Need more followers !.
At the Cloud Security Alliance Innovation conference today
Merry Christmas back at ya! Happy Holidays!
Thanks!! Happy Holidays 2 u and every1 RT RT Yea mann we got ya!!! Happy Holidays to you and yours
John McDonough H.S.Marching Band-New Orleans,La And Wossman H. S. Marching Band-Monroe,La Selected To Lead The MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston.
Thank The LORD GOD for my Moms Yo. She taught me about
When Christie does find his dick, NJ Republicans are gonna be in a lot of trouble.
I'm sad I didn't get 1st class this time around, u know group A
My iPod works now!!(: Yay! Thanks to Courtlyn!
Too much biblical nonsense in my TL....music time!
under construction. Kelli is at pool. Not locked in.
That's expected. Same way most everywhere else in America. That's why I need to move to Canada.
Aisha nicole blanks "she own imma get that tatted on my dick.
the time we shared it was precious to me, all the while i was dreaming of revelry
Did the girls win?
Ah fresh powder on the slopes... fun time
Shotout right back atcha ;) Adn don't forget to #Dash-It!
It's good to know me nd my niggas are doing good with ourselves nd doing what it takes to be successful in life
It's a gorgeous night out. Perfect night for for some Sancerre and Sashimi!
tha carter I >>>
Opening Day is tomorrow for the Padres! Come by the Industry Showroom and check out the new consuul stuff on your way to Petco Park
Need to find some good pictures of Snowball for tomorrow. I can't find any that I really like and that are clear enough for an artist.
wild wild west - will smith
Someone just asked me what makes you so nice and my response was I'm nice
Im following you now lol :)
Gotta pee but I got morning wood.....
Hi! Do you have any kind of icon? I don't care who its of.
After this session I'm left to wonder if blogs can be considered "technologies of democracy?"
thank you very much. Are you in Vancouver BC?
Ouch!! Do you think Lamichael James will play against ASU next weekend?
Men's testosterones levels rise by 45.7% after 7 days of not ejaculating! Details As a last resort, some people get POOP transplants!
jared leto? omg, never!
Which wolf inside of you will you feed? ;)
Did you just see me on the ABC pre-game special!? How'd my hair look?
actually had all 200+ snow plows out, plus 70 garbage trucks with plows attached to them out during the storm...
It's so funny to encounter a regular art person who has heard of Alfred.
Working w/ The Austin BodyWorker Clinical Massage Therapy at Texas Running Company Wednesday night.
Nope. Not required. Works like a CMS if you want to add events, news, and services. But RSS is a handy option.
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
I knowww lol that sucks. What did you talk about
He's not ashamed of you...
“: You know when that girl you thought you'd marry dumped you? That plus getting kicked in the nuts is what this is. Fml.”
Did you know the more StumbleUpon friends you have, the more your vote counts? Come follow me on StumbleUpon and I'll return the fav!
After that hard workout today with weights . I just feel so tired.
we really do
RT - New England Patriots V.S. AnyTeam in the NFL is gonna be a W fror the
The Boom Bap party is on tonight ! Come out and try some 619!
Name the song on expert difficulty with hyperspeed on, and watch me go
Thank you!
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes
But fuck y'all fuck all y'all
babes what do you think ? lmaooo
Argh. Fanmix projects are in no way, shape, or form my job hunt
Haha! The beautiful smell in samaras closet
love finding out that manager for the mashup group 5 & A Dime is a phi psi
i can't wait for all my senior friends going to OSU to meet each other.... i'll get invited to all their BFF parties <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
no no Walmart that's bad mojo the spirits shouldn't be disturbed a tornado will destroy that store
Aint no way around it...
He, or she, who finds the winning patterns, & paradigms, shall be successful upon consistent, contextual application!
Ron Paul is doing great. Nice to hear his message again - it's refreshing once again.
Heyy!! :) I Love You More!! xoxo
Good morning though
Samsies. RT : Getting excited emails from fans when they receive prizes they've won is one of my fav things about my job. :D
Are there any free retopology programs?
thrilled to be chosen as one of BizBash Magazine's "Most Innovative People in Events" featured in their spring issue!
On some productive days I like it to be quiet. Most productive days are filled with noise.
All of the characters on "Girls" drive me up the wall. And I'm only 10 minutes in. I hate them. I hate them.
sadly he is :(
The clouds look amazing
Missed your tweet over the wknd. News never sleeps. Ads? Ads sleep. Asking about list of sites in network? Current
Reading Colossians 3 today...God's Word is a mirror, it is reflective of who you really are.
It's pretty good, I just wish they had more training time to spend with you. Other than that there's no complaints...
9 people at softball!
I'm happy to see #EndBullying trending b/c it spreads awareness but I wish there was no such evil as bullying. </3
Take me with you. I need a dose of Tokyo!
RGIII and Andrew Luck as co-hosts
might go get the outline of my tattoo tomorrow if you wanna go
Did you know that dentists are said to have a higher degree of interpersonal skills? Is your dentist also very friendly?
awh that's so cute!:) would you please follow me?:)
water. Deer Park water. Dope.
Nothing says Thanksgiving like watching #thesongremainsthesame with Dad. Thanks Palladia.
whats his cousins twitter?
listen to 88nine radio milwaukee promote the women build
Lion Nathan USA Changes Name to Distinguished Vineyards, Posts Record #Wine Sales in 2011. Source: DV
Our pleasure - we're excited and looking forward to it! Thanks for doing it in the first place. You too - enjoy the holiday!!
thanks for sharing one of insights!
Organ donation. So fun. #CE x
Fort Adams, Hooker was "One of the handsomest men the Army produced." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
#TakeYourPick Heat Or Pacers?
Cops are stupid
WHEN DO YALL SHOW AIR I KNOW THIS MONTH BUT WHEN
Janet Groeber talking abt history of Rawson Woods sub where Frank Lloyd Wright house was built & she's talking genealogy too
Ouuouu Can I come even though we live hours away from eachother !! lol
I am a virgin
and sheeeees back “: Wanna get #shredded?? Than go to WASHINGTONGYM !!!!!!!!!!!”
I'd hit it.
Arne Duncan says (virtually) we need a nation of powered-up teachers and colleges of ed that give them online teaching experience.
No more going thru the motions
You are right about #headscold! I had no idea it would be this cold!
Monday is for Marketing!
please follow me <3 I love youu.
and I had a ball talking about JY on the DL :) hahaha
you have to follow me first
#happyfriday it's #beerthirty chirp alert!
I miss me some LUDA.....bumpin how low right now!!
what the hell! im i chopped liver now?
OMG I'm dying.. Of course.. BlackBoard isn't loading it... GRRRRRRRRRR :-/
my back hurts like if i got fucked hard last night what even-
Happy Friday! It would be great to work on a story with you about SF based Let us know if you are interested!
It's over
Okay I don't even know my number lmfao re type? CALL ME MAYBE? 813-390-7966
So practical. RT yes, if insured. MT Main Street managers-offering free beer is a fantastic idea
hello everyone
what's that
ur tweets is funny & crazy ass hell.
And *I* will be in NY for a few days next month! July 7-10. You gonna be in town?
More is less! Buy one get one free Big Mac Sandwiches, Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches and Egg McMuffins!
"Over 99% first time match rate accuracy on #B2B transactions" - Alcoa's #CPO on and Alcoa partnership at
Tune in tomorrow morning to as the #sfpcAWEAR fashion show is featured! See & more!
ikr!!! U should see the looks people give when they see a child act out. They want to see the reaction of the parent so
Is anyone else having issues with following people via ?
You're cute :)
I think it's time I go back into my hiding place again!
My teeth feel extra sharp tonight.
Good thing I still have my Sony walkman so that I can listen to the radio without the Internet while I'm running around
: "U need data that indicates org health. Its about how people .do work. U need 2 find out what data is most important
Dear Un follower, Your irrelevant. K. Bye.
oops Collins twitter is hooked up to my phone! That last tweet was me!
I hurt it off a rebound so what now homie
Saruhkinz was here.
You ever see people singing in their car and just know it sounds worse than anything? Like first 3 pre-Hollywood rounds of Idol worse?
Busy day opening day #gocubs then gotta register for classes
holy shit he sounds good.
It's downtown
I had two teachers echo that, when I confessed to them that I hadn't been coding since before puberty.
Yo Zak I'm going to Vegas for my first time ever in October. Other than gambling, what should I do first?
Our summer program has begun and we are very happy to have over 40 students in attendance!
THIS!!! x1000!!!! Tons of Lois from her best writer please!!! RT I hope your second episode has a lot of Lois!
contrarians are contrarian; academics are academic; if it quacks like a duck....
so true!!
nice video, thanks for sharing :)
Hey hey now, you can have a life but I can't? Hahah
Lead curator of old world archeology: exhibit about eternal life in ancient Egypt, not death.
is back online, and Blogs@ Baruch with it... sorry for the downtime.
looking forward to your posts!
Watching the fight wish ny baby was here
New icon. I like it.
guys seriusly spec ops the line is a master piecee, i played the demo yesterday and i was so surprised, i will definitily get it :D
Delighted to learn of the existence of a typesetter!
Thanks! Its such a treat to have any Asian food w/ H allergic to soy. And w/ DH having celiac. They were great!
Ralph Lauren's original name is Ralph Lifshitz.
you should verify my account, for my birthday!
my boi friend does the most .... lol
lol ok I cause I do that all the time
wow!!! Steve !! keep up the great work! I'll never forget your help starting/running Boston Guitar Fest in 2006 and after!
I wish I had more friends at BD so that I wouldn't feel so lonely all the time.
No problem(; <U+2665>
you should follow your best friends mic :)
going home, need prayer again, my legs are acting weird! im crying cuz im afraid of wats wrong, they keep going out!!
i found out i could bench press 105 lbs
Um. Windows. Hell!
Congrats on the reviews. I'm gonna have to read this book.
You're right, it is a little weird. I don't care for the new correlations search.
Baby you light up my world like no body else
Hm... : company brand is the core story; personal brands are the EE stories surrounding it that validate the co.
What covers would you like us to play?!?!?
3,500th tweet goes to for always being there for me no matter what & always knowing how to keep a smile on my face. (:
Candidates flock to social media: "We have a social media plan in action to touch the voters in ways that ..
I love having a big sister now.... a plus in my marriage :)
Aye who this Nigga in ya face
At one point did Kenny Albert say that the Devils have never had a 3-1 lead in a series ever in history?
lmao how did I know you were gonna say that!
hi there hsiao ching!
I walk alone
Wow. Ride forgot me. Cell phone dead. Walking home 3+ miles from train station at midnight.
haven't touched a weight in a week, got me feelin weak lol gotta get back on my grind! that gym is callin my name
So I take it you were never able to fall back asleep this morning then? & Ikr! The iPod is the best invention to stay awake.
should be a top grosser (outer)
Egypt's illegitimate Vice President talks to Egytians as if he is talking to his children. What a shame!
where's is that at....
I can do Wed too. Anytime before 3pm!
It gets on my nerves to bank my danas on the curb
i am! i havent talked to you in forever! i just wanted to say hi!
Let's make a little deal today...anywhere you go where you have the option between stairs and the elevator...take the stairs!
Cocks have penis :p
NEWS: Irananian navy deploying "powerful warships" near US coast. In other news, armored paddle boats were just spotted passing Bermuda.
man just enjoying my Monday morning listening to the show. Hope everyone's having a good morning over there
Alex from Poli Sci is the winner of the Apple iPad. Thank you Alex, and everyone who participated in this year’s library services survey!
New Law: The American mind your business act. - If it happens in your house, it's your business.
Mission completed :D
Big hopes for 2011!!
I want the Dan Miles App
Thanks for the follow!
Time to thank god for another day
TONIGHT: and myself will be hosting PARTY UNLIMITED at Musical guests include &
Have you been to the PPL's City of Readers store? It's open from Tues-Fri in Meeting Room 1, 11am-3pm and jammed with great used books!
All I want is out of here.
will u be apart!!? Lol that would be so awesome! I just wanna bust out and groove in the aisle of a store or on the street ...
w/ civics testing this week, we have time for capstone projects including an HTML/CSS/JS camp, a Minecraft circuitry camp (stdnt-taught)...
I remember back in middle school, and even the beginning of last year when i actually had friends.
“: katman prefers the fitted yoga pants.” hahaha
Looking for a #BuffaloWildWings for the PSU/Iowa matchup
imean like, if u think im cute or w.e then keep in touch wid me, and IF u wanna be wid a boy again, lemme noe
Chimpflix from Casey Rosengren W'13 helps movie theaters fill their seats and make more money
Thank you so much for the fabulous RT!
Snowing again!! Beautiful to watch . sipping a hot cup of organogold green tea.It makes me sleep very well. Have some !!
okay next time just hmu
I don't even.....I don't know what to do!!
im so bored...thinkin of him...-__^
I hate spending time with my family... So I hit up twitter.
What a rainy day
I Got a Good Question??? Who's Going 2be Better on Madden13, Eli#10 or Peyton#18 ???
So whats up guys? :) ~Diamond
Did you make it home safely? "No, I died 500 times.
RT : Everybody follow :-)
I am so gonna fail the science eoct. I haven't learned anything.
That's a wrap!
Got that fresh fade
Money is what the world revolves around !
Done mowing time to chop up some branches.
"Those are the stars that are nearest to me. Tra-la-la and fiddle dee dee."- Sheldon
Almost XMAS Break time!!
RT : Holy shit that is awesome!!!!!
Probably. RT : Do they require you to dress like a moron to enter Coachella?
Wise words!
One of my students used Kim Kardashian as the visual aid in defining the word insipid. That's all kinds of awesome.
oh yea :p
Chocolate Cheerios?!? WHAT???
Excited to watch and and on #milliondollarlisting tonight! = #milliondollaragent :)
Hahhha Everyone hates you Steph your horrible!
What do you do with a drunken sailor anyway?
thats what i say!
wassup lil lady, i see you got alot of folks pissin you today
tonight I go pink martini. you go? me surprise tom L.
The bad first inning is really bringing back memories of Buehrle
RT : “Against the backdrop of the worst economic environment in 50 years, we grew organic sales 2%.” Jon Moeller, P&G's CFO
More people are showing up at #occupyaustin and they even brought some rain!!! People are signing up on the council agenda. I'm happy!
WE ARE OPEN TOMORROW 12-5pm
If I could explain it, I wouldn't have to paint it. - Pablo Picasso
Thank you! ;)
My friend did eat the brownies last night
Wilson pump-faked and had Draymond Green trapped mid-air as Wilson stepped forward to knock that one down.
STRUMMERVILLE BEST ONE YET HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOE STRUMMER R.I.P
lost another follower damn ppl quit leaving me
ikr she sound sick...
Oh, Jon Stewart... <3
Oh, no, who do I root for?
Waste of time... Stuck at car shop for second time in a week!!! Gotta busy day!
Met at #networkuncommons - good discussion about Emerging Leaders program ;)
Don't feel like going to school
Adam Lambert's music takes to a whole new place when I'm down.. If only my escape would last much longer...
oh wow this sounds perfect! What a life-saver. Thanks for the advice, a trip to this spa is in my future for sure
Where in the world is Osama Bin Laden? He's not.
Just don't have sex or you will get pregnant and die.
don't you have to rent it? #$$$
Yay! Thanks for stopping in!
Man, I get shit from everybody!
We know you'll rock it!
Gallas having a terrible game
crew Dj Grimm Bringing the Heat to Espy Awards after party!!!
Effin' Josh Hamilton.
omg i saw you today walking down the street like a badass
Daytona 500 is on at the same time as the NBA All-Star game. Welcome to the most segregated day in television history.
So my new fav. Would be amazing if you would have the opportunity to work with her one day! I love her SHOW!!!
Who gnu? #Follow these good people!
I hate how I always think someone would actually think I'm pretty.
Crises refines life. In them you discover what you are...Allan Chalmers
I've never seen them put on a bad show, ever.
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
Dude..Go to the doctor asap!!!! It could be something else, but just in case, go!
unfortunately this trip is not a vacation. I'm helping my man pack up to move to LA this weekend. But I'll let you know.
ugh idk how to work this :/ i feel dumb....
oh okay (;
this hologram bizness = fake deaths or framings. Not a good look.
Check out my most recent mixtape "The Beginning of the End" goo.gl/G01At
True. We forget teenhood is temporary. We don't have to forget those years, just put them in the past where they belong.
Is it weird that I like orange flavored things (chocolate, rice etc) but hate oranges and orange juice?
I'm gonna be incredibly sleepy at church in the a.m
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>you'll be missed
Those are 2 musicals. RT : The only good bway musical ever is A FUNNY THING HAPPENED ON THE WAY TO THE FORUM and KISS ME KATE.
Sold out! Thanks for the wonderful support, have a great rest of the weekend see you Monday.
Reminder: be careful with social media. Don't be afraid to ask questions. You never know the background of strangers. #Live without fear!
Today was a GOOD DAY!!!
yeah im Fine heading to the beach!!
Ah, so the city isn't under attack! RT : Fighter jets are buzzing past the office windows. Gotta love Thunder Over Louisville!
my greens are done and chicken is marinating in the fridge. Now where's my black eye peas?
I hope everyone has a Zippity Do Da Day!...*even though it's Monday*
Fellow linguists, what are you thankful for this week?
Real People that change lives on these earth are people worth recognizing and cheering!! life is short
Coming from the gym, eating Wholefoods and watching How I met your mom. It's that divorced 39 y. o. woman swag.
Saw that #lizardlicktowing is starting again! They suck fakeass show! Saw 17 min of a show and I'll never get that time back!
Nice to meet you today!
ITS HARD TO CHASE YOUR DREAMS WHEN UR RUNNING FROM UR NIGHTMARES
ok I feel better now:-)
Four days left till #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition launches! Want a detour from the ticket lines? Get your ticket here:...
I have all faith in Heckert and MH but cmon he probably would of been there at 37.. Cleveland is desperate for WR and RT smh
Ah... Thanksgiving, aromas soon to be wafting through air... Series coming along swimmingly and more celebs added... including SEAL~~~
But I wanted you to sign my butt.....
Officially in the cast of Annie with Cabrillo Music Theatre!!
Thanks for the reminder that I haven't TOUCHED Greek in about a year.... -_-
Costco slangs caskets
made 7 as an eagle
I'm not fussed! #I #like #to #hashtage #everything! #Bothered?!
It rained while it was sunny? What the shit?
Im nervous bout asking the question but fear is success conformation. I see you as wife and dats what im pushing.
ok good :D
thanks for the follow! i hope you've checked out already. ;)
Pls note that CENTER Plaza is the location of 2night's canceled show that will now be on Oct 4 @ 5:30. Great storytellers & free beer!
Twitter needs to stop with all the spam messages
Watching Lamar play basketball has become painful.
Lester: Last week, EVMS lost Dr. Don Lewis. … He was much more than our Chair of Pediatrics. He was a beloved teacher and mentor.
She said I think I'll go to Boston...you don't know me and you don't eve care
Saw a rat last night. I'm ok with it.
haha thank you!!
Today is a great day... 31 years ago my buddy was born. Happy Birthday, bro. DD
#Austin good tip for kids photo sessions. Make sure they are in a good mood. Don't worry about behavior at the session. We will chase them.
soon, will post as soon as they are available. Hope you all had a wonderful relaxing weekend! take care and stay by for great things!
So it has been said, so it shall be done
Haha!! But they're soo good!
hugh how much did u Love Avengers?
There's a league out there for every taste; OLine leagues aren't my cup of tea, but I can see the value for hardcore players.
Mike: Kill shit, Be happy
Make sure to check out one hot #MilwaukeeDJ tear it up at tonight at 10pm - Madonna MDNA album release party!!!
You should check us out. I guarantee that we're the best! We have no mgmt contracts, if we're not you're free to go back.
I see a few with potential!
The wonder years was awesome! Glad I got to see them with my girlfriend
We also get apocalypse-cult spam.
“: I treat everybody with respect, until they give me a reason not to. #ThatsJustHowIam”
I respect that
A goldfish has an average memory span of three seconds
On a shoot today. If it stops raining.
Its official, my boyfriend is mentally retarded!
totally!!! Just had the same conversation with someone that we are finally on track to have a great summer of great movies!
joins the long list of brave, valiant athletes who take issues 2 Twitter. Big man move. "Take that Tweet & that. Fatality tweet!"
o just knew you were emotional ;-) I'll bring the name of the study I mention for our council meeting Friday
My man Tebow still gets to the playoffs<U+E057>
Definitely worth checking out the transcript (available immediately following the discussion), if you've missed it.
Great Woody Harrelson line in Game Change: "News is no longer meant to be remembered, it's just entertainment."
Coding like a maniac is fun. Will be back in communications with my Tweeps in a couple more weeks when I can allow distractions.
maybe it was a birthday cry for help. Poor bastard...
girl shit chilling in the trap!
I now have a great tool for figuring out what games to buy people for gifts ;)
good morning :) how are you.
my bad.... Punjabi names are hard for a South-y
Our pleasure!
Fireworks(from TN) over the lake in CT.
In a rugged mood, hope he
As soon as I deposit my checks, I'm online shopping.
You Beautiful.
Thanks for the Great panel on food writing at #ASJA moderated by
Price pulls out a win over Winward 52 to 48
Going to bed at 3:40am was a terrible idea!
I hope you get your fill, but always keep that hunger. And when you get the choice to sit out or dance... I hope you dance. ~Lee Ann Womack
What an amazing ending to a fantastic show!
Watching ESPN and wondering why butchering the English language is fully acceptable for auto racing broadcasters?
"that's my perception of your perception" - so much margin for error but pretty much how it works
ok thanks, problems of a fantasy owner who drafted bailey and street!
Happy Founders Day Alpha Mu chapter of Alpha Chi Omega, installed at on April 21, 1922!
#18conf Brian Samuels is leading us in the swim!
Don't forget: Mention this post to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for this weekend's Light Everlasting show!
yeah now!!
as lil bill i make money more den u
Hoping everyone is enjoying the holiday season and spending time with the ones they love! Happy holidays!
There are a million and one things I could say right now... but it's probably best that I don't. #AlwaysStayClassy #BeingTheBiggerPerson :)
Turning Into Something U Always Hoped I Never Be Like
Groove is in the Heart
You know is turning a 5k into something fun right? So lets play a game. I'm guest tweeter today can you figure out who I am?
hash tag? On our way to see Cirque with you.
Where do I sign that petition? RT “: How about we just split the difference and ban Jason Whitlock from everything?”
I jail-broke my phone RT : how did u get that name up in the corner??
Did cardio at the gym but wore the wrong boxers. Damn boxers kept tickling my dick the whole time! Awkward and annoying. Lol.
It is not more vacation we need - it is more vocation. Eleanor Roosevelt
Visit with OHC at the Ohio Travel Association conference this week in Sandusky -- find support for your favorite heritage tourism project.
Comedy Open Mic Night! Kicks off around 8pm. Enjoy $2.50 Yuengling Drafts, a bunch of laughs, and $5 for a dozen wings.
Wish there was a tank in the work bathroom - would leave a treat. Couldn't get more gross in here.
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 3
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom''s out there-on earth and in heaven!
Spanish quiz, paper, physics quiz, then BEER BIKE!
I was going to ask you if you're going to TBEX, I guess you are :)
Tell Jarrett to watch out because after seeing this awesome pic of you I may have to come & steal you away from him! #Wow!
Glad to help, although not sure what piece of advice I gave.
We have chocolate and vanilla vegan frosting and chocolate vegan dough! Get your dietary restrictions on!
Who wants a s/o for my 150th
Working 8-1:30 and then off two days.
Making pastghetti!! Dear , please #BYOB (bring your own bowl) I only have 3.
look like he blew out his knee while trying to do a jump stop. It wasn't pretty.
thanks for the invite! Didn't see it last night otherwise I would have joined! Stop by the VO5 booth and say hi!
:) Thanks so much.
Was waiting 4 that phone call...
certainly, where you guys run?
but I like your purple better than my purple <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Gotta step my Twitter game up son
Okay I have it... maybe u need a second story on ur home...That would be a great C-mas gift...
how are you doing so far?
You're very welcome! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
Just passed a man driving while beating drum sticks on the steering wheel.
we are ready for you. plenty of tables outside for that afternoon sun. serving up milkshakes, chorizo, matzo......
Sweet! I'll be there!
boredom and brokeness are bitches
should tweet for her birthday! ;) happy birthday girl!! :D
are a great combination. I don't know any women who want their children to look like them. George and Mary Bailey, "I want my babies to look
OH Benefit After Party: "Is that girl wearing a diaper?" "No, it's a fanny pack." -
CC has to be our constant if anyone
pssshhhh WOMEN... :p
My husband would agree with you. :)
lol yeah. :) & princess protection program! thats like, probably my favorite movie that shes in!
OMG!! THE WORLD IS GONNA END TODAY!!! Pack up your things and jump in my spaceship ... We are flyin' to Uranus baby!![;
Wow Lindsay on #SNL really?
when the moon seems to shine like you had too much wine, thats amore
yep. Only lived here until I was 3. Early Blazer fan though, I used to wear #22 for Clyde Drexler when I played bball
Try outs went great :3 looking forward to the rest of the week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It is well to be happy and wise and well to be honest and true; it is well to be off with the old love, before you are on with the new.
We open at 10AM!
It’s not about thinking outside of the box. It’s about realizing there is no box.
I just noticed your logos are pretty similar, but since we're all socialists here it probably won't be an issue
Really?? Interesting.
Trying to catch up on six months worth of TED talks!
that's how God wants us. Focused in today. Let him worry about tomorrow
WOO WOO WOO
We don't know the power that's within our own bodies. Dave Brubeck
Love that the President supports same-sex marriage! But pls lets focus on issues like education + ensuring our kids hv enough teachers
I need to learn how to check this thing. Aspen Graphics is awesome and Great American Printshop always did me right.
All Work and No Pay?! Come hear Intern Queen speak on Tuesday at 7pm in Pugh!
Wow, that's awesome! Thanks Ariel!
Just finished editing. Got to do some sound work but will post soon.
SherWeb Releases SkyOffice to the Cloud - GlobeNewsWire (press release)
21 jump street is hilarious... if you haven't seen it go watch it
how can I join the team
Shanny will go after next Elway at #4 RT And what r draft ramifications of this? Redskins must win so no QB taken at 4, right?
That shot was ridiculous
Watching softball on tv with my boy (:
thats good stuff bro. Much continued success to you.
ready for my last day at #WIFYR. I'm so ready to go out and take over the world.
I have to break it to yaa..... I'm moving to Tennessee..
I hate knowing when people talk bad about me. O_- ugrh..
Its shaping up to be an interesting last few holes at the atlanta athletic club!
Thanks to Tom Persinger for hosting a great discussion! Check out the f295 conference that will be held June 7-10 in Pittsburgh
Cut the air off
#fridayreads #LTReads Finished Inheritance by Paolini, Killed at the whim of a hat & Love songs from a shallow grave by Cotterill
are you in Houston right now ???
aww sorry my "cali love" lol i wont know until monday where im off to next i want to do a beach shoot on a island idk yet .
An expensive microwave...
thanks! Let me buy you a drink if you're ever in DC.
Ah, a nice low-stress concert: hang out backstage for the 1st half, pop out for a couple of movements of Brahms 3 on contra, call it a night
let the haters hate you got swag kid
i just woke but yea im listening to Drake
Fo' sho'. If it were any more bombay, it would have to be in India
Wow! Just made 100 dollars selling lemonade :)
ok check ur email
That is, unless there was some big violation or something very wrong done that I don't know about.
And now we lose a beastie? Man, this week sucks.
Racing was really good tonight. By far the best modified race I have ever seen there. Just hate that won.
lmaoo! It was oscar
Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust Announces First Quarter 2012 Results and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
pass-agress undermining? RT I am reading a grad school letter of recommendation written in Comic Sans. 14 POINT Comic Sans.
#DontThinkJustBecause you have an MPC that your tracks automatically bang : )
Never think that God's delays are God's denials. Hold on; hold fast; hold out. Patience is genius. Comte de Buffon (1707 - 1788)
Lol that's fine!
As if I didn't have enough stress. Thanks, asshole.
I'll watch it later. :P
If you're happy and you know it, like this post! :-)
Q7 I will take it either way! I don't like a TON of beans, though! Keep it simple!
Had a great night with Mr Rob G, Casey Benjamin, and Derrick Hodge backstage with my homies!!! What a night it was... :)
I love my job! Negotiating on behalf of legacy artists (musicians) is such a blessing.
Did you know that we now have Sororities and Fraternities on campus? See what is doing to spread the gospel!...
Follow and we could both win VIP tix and a backstage tour at Irving Plaza!
#Shoutout Good morning.
A more practical way would be to just sign in as a page
LOVE all my new forum friends!!!
Looking forward to a fun night with and #twitterless Persephone
I am not fully responsible for my children! I do the best I can at teaching & guiding, but they have their own lessons to learn & grow thru.
Got up… got dressed… turns out I don't need to go to "work" this morning… thinking its nap time
tell me what you like yeah tell me what you dont i can be your buzzlight year fly across the globe - justin bieber
hahahahahah podium game!
#1000waystodie there are really some stupid people in the world. Well there are a few less now...LOL
If your guessing it's me, you guessed correctly
Don't be surprised if he is there. Not confident Miami is taking him.
lol, I'm pretty sure he's 18
ooh have fun!
Not a fan of the new changes to 'The Lion King Special Edition' its messin with mah mind...'morning report'=dumb song...
My car now smells like BO, a dirty diaper, and bagels. #who's hungry?
Cut that wood timber joey!
Hey when do you think will realize that mouer will be a member this year? before november?
yes definitely! We have a lot of shows coming up in the boston area! Even this weekend! (:
It kills me that people are buying this pap. Or is it brilliant? Take bad writing, add crappy sex scenes = instant bestseller.
I want to go see the win tonight!!
I never need a watch. The time is now or never
Ha! :-D (For the record, Twitter can be hit or miss, but has a median response of <15 minutes.)
When Mitt Romney was pro-choice, that was just part of a practical joke to be elected Governor of Massachusetts. Duh.
stop jerking each other off and get over here
Clippers keep playing like this they got this game
its a gd thing 2 put yr number in yr work or personal journal. Thank U #swa 4 finding it & calling me, makes up 4 the delayed flight 2 Vegas
I wake up knowing who my friends and who my foes. West side or none. My homie said if something happen I got 50k on command.
from feeling low at this point I'm on a road with 10 different paths but which way do i go
you missed me? why?
Yep born and raised! Born and raised in Brooklyn and live in long island now! Def come chill out here!
My mom said you like them thug types don't you? Naw mom never that lol
Llyod - Feel So Right >>
Once again, today I will be speaking about Archaeology and JPAC's Mission to Repatriate Military Combat Victims on Indiana Jones : Myth, Rea
Hello to my new followers!!!
Enjoy. I love Vegas. Don't get into too much trouble. ;)
Who's gonna invest in you when you don't take the initiative?
I want some takisfuegos
so if you ever see someone just staring at you, don't be afraid, it could be me and I stare when I LOVE YOU. or it could be a serial killer.
Loving all of the new members!! FreeSweat.com
finished reading "Earth (The book)". twinkle in George Clooney's eyes apparently important enough to be mentioned more than once!
Choice Hotels International Opens 46 New Hotels in Q1 2012 - PR Newswire (press release)
I'm at the Pavilion! Come out here!
UNM starting back up for Fall today. Special 'welcome' stuff all week at the duck pond.
Wake up everybody there's no more sleeping in bed!
Hello Tweeters! It's been a while since I've signed in!
No, no, no, no. That would be wrong. It was 25 years ago and the folks in Elk City have some hard miles on them.
that was supposed to go
A press release email with the subject line "Major New Benson Exhibition" wasn't what I hoped it would be.
Bakersfield has come out sharp in the Q4, outscoring Sioux Falls 10-4 in the first couple of minutes, SIF lead just four points now (81-77)
No power at #BlueRock but were still working from home. Call Director of Production Brian at 443.528.8289
Hmm. What's up ? Premier line is just as long as regular boarding passes.
I don't have permanent enemies, just permanent interests.
Wish I could've gone on the retreat today:( I'm so bored
AGA retweet somehow appropiate during the week of BARGE...
MLB.TV mini feed never gets old. #WhiteSox and #lawschool all afternoon.
And I'm gone
I may it may not eat this while lb of bacon. Well, I'll at least hide what I don't eat from Kirk
I'm venturing into the realm of stand-up comedy. Feel free to follow where the weirdness shall flow just as flowy.
Well, yes! And that is supposed to be creating jobs.Seems like we could do a little better than that!
These are my kind of nights. Low key and chill. Just hanging out.
^Eli Manning, New York Giants quarterback on Joe Namath: "Joe Namath was a great, confident man. That was then, this is now. I am not...
Boy in blue/black stripped shirt... yum!
So much information to go through from #NRAShow2011. Lots of work to do this holiday weekend!
You don't even know shit, so stop judging girls. RT : lmao girls in El Paso are all hoes lol.
What's everyone's problem? Shit.
When someone says
hey can you follow back???
Why get Marmol up in a tie game. RT : Marmol up finally after Wood walks the house.
he's already out enough already. Don't worry about me, I got this. Lol.
Surprised? Similar channels to devel, build, promote emplyr brand either internally or externally says
just wanna sleep?
incredibly frustrated with your company. Don't sell something you don't have in stock.
The problem with eating at Edzo's yesterday, is I want Edzo's again today. your burgers are addictive.
Gone swimming <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
The further I leave Boston the darker the clouds... Mother nature, make me understand ;)
thank you for having me as a judge last weekend! Great presentations.
#MomentWhen you start Caring Less because the People you care about the most or try to care about can Really Careless !
Mase sounds like a homo on that slight work remix.
She fine AF.
txt me punk
I love #TurnToYou soo much.<3 can't wait to get it on iTunes (: <3 I love you Justin.<3
I don't have to get ready for work for like 5 more hours...... But I've already slept for 9 hours... Idk what to do !
... makes best Rhone style wines in CA, hands down
Right now, I aint doin no trippin. Im workin, networkin, and featurin with anybody going the same direction as me......FORWARD
what's happening? people suck- fo real! well 99.9% of them!
In the chippies and salsa isle at trader joe's and thinking of any salsa suggestions, cady?
aw, bummer Stemke.
last thing :) axl's '02 voice so much better than '06 and '06 so much better than '11...but i still think it's good for 50 yo
" dont worry i will be!" Okay baby :*
Biked 20 miles, ran 3 miles....now if only I had access to a pool.
Your Welcome :)
Our French Macaroon Gift Boxes are one of our most popular items, and our the perfect way to share our French Macaroons.
nuts i can't but man that would be sick, and i'm actually going to dc the next day too. hope its rad!
I will let #beastmode off it's leash
>>>MLM News! Rex Worldwide( New Company Listing )
Faking Scala in Java on a Saturday night.
BREAKING -KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) -- President Obama in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on US post-war role.
we need cliff notes:)
Attention all full members of #OVS! Check out our #FB event for an amazing scholarship opportunity available for someone aged 13-25!
Houston. On the way back to Seatown.
#youknowyoufromatl if u saw shawty in every sentence
Tough fight for Floyd, but the outcome was as expected. Next is probably Canelo
Sorry for your loss. I'm so happy to see you blogging.
Goal is to finish packing up my bookshelves. Then I get pizza!
I have nothing to say re: #mnshutdown other than it's a pathetic waste of $$. Maybe I should get a job that pays me for being a big baby.
I can has cookies?
That's what I was thinking too. We're not as cool as we think :/
Sounds good! I'll likely stick with the reg. phone too, since I don't have a door...or a ceiling...or real walls
in the last period Miller getting his head outta his ass would have won it too
if it doesn't involve a bottle of tequila, two donkeys and some peanut butter I will yawn.
Question? Do it! RT To release a new product or not to release a new product at - that is the question.
Starting tomorrow whatever life throws at me, I am ducking so it hits someone else! Too bloody funny.
RT : "I don't know yet. And I need another season too!" If not, it's bcuz of obnoxious Mason character.
Sephora makep line is actually good!=) i partivulary like the concealar and gloss
I've had all types of trolls, from Paulbots to Obamabots but never once a Romneybot
When she is sleeping andd I reaally need her<<<
The rain is messing my TV up! I'm starting to hate Direct tv but I have CNN live on my phone! My iPhone will always come through for me!
New website is pretty, but harder to compare spa packages than before.
just purchased #GulliblesTravels from on iTunes - get yours today!
not u lmao
My pop filled my tank all the way up last night...
I wonder if mark is tweeting :o
Business in thee front, partyy in the back ;)~
Touched down in honolulu. Love that sole passenger who claps for landing. Awkward.
Yeah she's pretty great, not gonna lie
Any man would be lucky to have you in his life. Call me a keeper lol (hint, hint)
New jeep top and a case of wine ..I should come home more often!
2nd course Striped bass with wild rice and roasted fennel, pernod broth and garnished with chervil and fennel fronds
AND IT'S OH SO DIRTY. M CANADA I AM IN YOU
only 25 more days left until schools out!!
I've got a gold filling on one of my top left molars. Nowadays dentists always push the non-metallic fillings, which are no fun.
And he loved me anyways
Just wanted 2 let u know, -I finished #CrashIntoYou last week. I LOVED IT! Loved everything about it. You have a fan 4Life in me.
ooh Hahahaha! Sweet, well not that your sick. But I'm glad you're not mad. Feel better!
thanks! It was great to see you too.
Sometimes.....People seriously need to be slapped!! LOL
Going to another airport to get on another plane is the last thing I want to do right now.
#NextStupidRealityShow how many followers you could in 12 days
James Anderson has 11 points. Stephen Jackson has 10. The Spurs lead 120-83 with 2:15 left. Lots of fans are heading for home.
I am about to punch him.
Basically what I mean is that they want me back because he has me. Well fuck them! I got over them and I've moves on to better things!
yes! we're very excited about the new site, excellent design that should help us move the co. forward. Pls. RT!
we not talmbout Columbia or basketball tho....we talmbout track and Stone Mountain!!! lol
really interesting ideas (like 'impermanence' in Buddhism), utilizing vids & stories 2 illustrate complx topics, &...
The crowd's adrenaline & pheromones are being harvested toward some terrible (mecha-insectoid?) purpose.
cool! Though I just learned a local tiger rescue provided the Memphis Tigers with your mascot so maybe some tiger gear ;-)
Watching a movie and eating chocolate delight minis with
Can't sleep. Hear rodent noises in the wall. Cat is completely unfazed and on my lap purring.
#3WordsAfterArnisPizza:Cheesy BBQ Chicken. My favorite!
I'm tardy in saying thanks for the folos - -
anything exciting planned for #Summer?
I've never had a lot of crooks try to steal my heart... but someone did steal my gameboy once .
LETS GO PACERS!!!!!
HORRIBLE call.
Many thanks kind sir :) Have a Most awesome day :)
Ppl that swear they can't ride in the back seat, get on my nerve...
Afternoon sessions about to begin at #BICSI conference. Dazzle me boys.
we know we are to u, just wanting some love and a notice! ill leave u alone now... would love a follow!!! follows
twitter world is where i can't figure out who wants to buy me and who wants to sell me. :|||||
That being said, I've been mean mugging people for two weeks for moving too slow.
I hate thieves!!!!!
Daily existential crisis: there is a scholar on authority control named Thomas Mann.
Another great dance by Donald Driver! Way to prove those judges wrong!
We think Zumba makes everything a little more fun and hope everyone has a blast at the #FriendshipWalk!!
Until tomorrow.
Hope you were able to resolve the appraisal issue.
Purple hoodie I resemble Justin Bieber
Thanks for the Great Barcamp!!
Just created this twitter account for Music Only-- and thoughts! Cool.
i Beleive in Peace an Quit
how perfect would this be???
Wtf is with primetime games in the nfl? Goin back to the
YES! for once fast enough for 2 free tickets - looking forward to 4/21 :-)
R those pancakes that I smell??? I can get used 2 this personal chef thing
I wish her dad had used a condom or her mom would've swallowed! Then we'd have never met! SMH!
#dls15 Attendees... Looking forward to seeing you this week!
What an ass kicking put on by OKC.
He would not know the difference, I'm pretty sure. But I'm going to try to find the real football star for him.
RT hey,hey wher u been<<"#duckedoff wit my #chuckzoff" and u?
"Extraordinary time in the world of environmental education" Stephanie Owens, EPA
VCU does it again!!!
lol my prototype spikes are leather lol
#jhumda New exhibition sounds great! Will any of the displayed objects be available online?
Just got a sneak peek of the new Winter cocktail menu for Noble Experiment. St. Cecilia will be on the top of my list.
you're very welcomed and thank you....
what's your take on Hubspot?
I can dig it...make that paper...
And that's a fact jack. lol
:( RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' dies at 83 -
RT : Today's #ThankATeacher day. Which teacher do U have to thank for fostering your love of the arts?
Getting ready to serve up a bunch of pizzas for the last night of Sparks!
keeper, like a zoo keeper. Or a lion tamer! A building tamer!
After 3 hours of waiting at the DMV (and 5 years living in this state), I finally have my Maryland license!
Curt Schilling always has something to say. Always.
make it happen before your body crashes on you
what was your 200 IM time?
Selfishness causes disconnection from reality! $120Bil. In lost revenue and all we think of is a new Benz! Can't replace your childs life!
thank you So much for the support!
I love mad about you thank you nick at nite
Remember when Saddam Hussein was in Iraq and gas was $1.40 per gallon?.
Lauradowding.com! check it out :)
Tired of so many things.. Sigh.. Will things ever change?
Am I the only one who finds that explanation completely reasonable?
aw. I like megan texts no matter the alcohol content.
The Bears got buzzed by what appeared to be a Stealth bomber! It was loud, flying low & too cool. Go Bears!
Please share any public details re: the shooting on Md Ave. last night whenever available.
I really enjoyed the show and was bummed I have to wait until next summer! Hope it sticks around for a while.
since its spring break my family and I are going skiing in Utah!!! were at the airport right now
#student TN short on nurses, and those who teach them
I think it's cool
Thanks! Hope yours was happy too.
#ff my fav show as a kid
Listening to Tunnel vision by vizzy
Brought store bought cupcakes to a homemade bake goods event at work..........people are pissed
My humans talk to me every morning, and then they play music for me, too! The cat gets rubbed and the dog gets tickled!
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Kenneth you are so Blessed! Your Dad and Fans are proud! *(*.
Mint Juleps sound like they would be tasty - but they really aren't. I can however dress the part!
Wow so my last like 8 tweets have been about lol... I can't help it i just love her :))
Failure is not an option! RT Tried looking for an ugly Christmas sweater and failed miserably
#pandora got a facelift, eh?
Apologies for the delay. Our Manager on Duty just e-mailed you. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you.
I've been called many things in my lifetime. Some bad,some good. Some true,some false. But the one that matters most is "MOM"
welcome to my daily life at my house lol always sad when I'm not with my bestfriend
Sometimes I really luv him then sometimes I'm just like ugh get away
Denmon? My brother from another mother? Race to fame begins at birth.
We locked all of our room keys in one room
alright, you caught me. I speak Greek and English. That's it :)
Awww feel better!
. the poll you shared on w/ DC - Members or Process. I say both. But the real problem is the party machines
Rex has such a turkey neck lol
Respiration is composed of two acts - first, inspiration, and then expectoration.
“: I saw some punk with a sign in Lower Manhattan this morning "Pay for teacher, not cops!"....”>>Cops, most under appreciated!!
Working on my handout for #Kzoo2012 paper. So close to ready.
"The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else ..." - Philip Seymour Hoffman
RT : if ohio is the bellwhether state.. than the president dropping 13 points in approval polls must be very concerning to the WH
Exactly what I was thinking!!! Can't wait~
I wish he'd get off the team and stay off.
The Dolphins WILL land Peyton Manning, Reggie Wayne and Dallas Clark.
I'm more Bowie or Eurythmics than Van Halen
mccarver was arguing furcal/weeks glove theyre wearing on their injured hand should be banned bc it extended their reach
What does it take to make people slow down and be considerate of others on the roadways? 5 dead 4 guarded condition.
Prayers for family of #Congresswoman Giffords and all those affected today
that was: yakisoba with fried egg on top
Stay tuned for some tweets today about art #museumed in the age of digital learning at
There's no evidence that you can't do it... only evidence that you haven't done it yet.
There's the problem. Trader Joe's is like the 7-11 version of #WholeFoods. Get thee to a WF, girlfriend. BTW, grt job on
It's dangerous to cut coupons when hungry.
Done and done.
New Orleans is awesome. One of the most fun trips I've taken in the last few years
Not sending a chain letter because your a fearless bastard.....
I should have done that.
My shoes are trying to kill me today. Or I have been dosed with klutzy dust (like pixie dust, except less happy). One of those.
#nationalbestfriendday hey where you at <3
Classes were over for me on Weds, two more papers to knock out this week and I'm free!
Time to cleanse the soul....yoga. AH.
bull shit it not right casey need to go to jail
One of our teachers sold raffle tix at school for one student to cut the teacher's hair any way they wanted.
Had a great meeting today with partners to discuss the future of the Wye Miller's house
A bittersweet lesson from my childhood: "Nothing recedes like recess."
Congrats to John Parish 4 receiving Certified Construction Manager #CCM on 9/20. John is 1 of 2 #CBRE employees nationwide!
Google+ intrigues me.
#WhenAustin doesn't know what else to say, so he just says "Yee". :)
hows that vacation treating you?
ya thats what i thought to im the biggest Chris fan here
no she lives un los ángeles now.
Unfortunately with the #WorldSeries moved to this evening I can't watch Pujols rally the #RedBirds to another series.
aw. SEIZE THE KAIROS!!!!
Maybe in London. You really need to come visit California, Charles.
Yes. That and Twitter as well. :C
God created you 2 be FRUITFUL & MULTIPLY // you can't do either unless you're CONNECTED to the source! (Jesus) Gen. 1:26-28 & John 15
Alright buffalo! Only have to hold off tebow for 3 minutes ...
u turn into cousin it!!!
watching world news tonight eating cucumber and basking in all that is Chicago!
totally agree. I miss you!
I'm going to buy you a years worth of corn<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Working on site all day 2day...hopefully make some good headway towards release end of month
abs in (: "follow you" voice <3 smile :D guitar skills ^.^
Does a tuition increase of $300 a year for the next 5 years seem like a lot to you? CUNY just approved the hike...
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5913
if u don't like it ur weird
are you my wife?
okay thank you (:
Shootin up like a star.
its going to be crazy! I'm already nervous. Lol
Dear Red Carpet Interviewer Dude: eternal, unending thanks for stopping mid-chat to tell me I looked hot. Seriously. Made my month. :)
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it?
RT : God is great...beer is good ...and people are crazy...>God is great, beer is nasty, and women are crazy!!
for what?
Lucked out: Had the middle seat but window passenger never showed.
Cleaning up my boots (knocking the mud off) for a night with !!!
: Ditto, Clive. I love a good chinwag :-)
haha damn that's crazy. Good luck my dude
actually thought it was kinda cool
The first show I stayed overnight to get good seats was #Rockpile. To bad Nick hates the band so much.
Getting ready for the Microsoft kinect event...
u got sum good music we should link
*grows 8998 more hands and raises them all* oh wait ok sorry this is awkward....... (; HAHA
haha, good job Carl.
Getting ready for our visit with in March. Love your scavenger hunt idea!
I'm jealous!
TOMORROW I AM GOING TO FIRST PERIOD.
No. I've no wish to see his account frozen. If he gets belligerent again, I'll block him.
You're very kind. She will live in amazing age.
NF I see the Vision!!!
Not necessarily, but make it sure applies to what program you want. Everything should tie in.
Interested in partnering with US universities? Come meet the US reps eager to meet u at EducationUSA RECEPTION at #eaie2011 3-4pm booth 79
aww ok i see:( thanks so much! The show is airing in June so we are all super excited!
thank you
How many people do you know that have an unwanted tattoo?
"defensive culture"
It was a very long day.
thinks protesting is an abusive of power, are they in a contest with Congress to see who's more out of touch with reality?
how are u so sure?
Party style/square cut, every time.
affiliate marketing made simple
I'll be overdressed, under-equipped, and all-around dangerous: my (one) brake isn't working too well.
right. lol i left. i got a REALLY weak stomach when it comes to smells
Already things are going into high gear for the end-of-year "baking season". Brownie indicator is positive!
Happy Easter!
I think, aside from a hockey Frozen Four or something special in men's hoops or football, the big milestone at AFA will be a women's title.
aw I'm sorry I hope you feel better soon
Watch C-SPAN now to see The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy CEO Sarah Brown talk about new low teen birth rates.
I dunno. I hope it's a kitty face. :3
God promised in Exodus that "everything will be fine". No matter how bad the economy looks, I know He's supplying all my needs.
Got my ticket for GRIEVES in San Diego the 31st! Gotta support my future ex husband.
happy in Digital History
You need to try them! They are delicious. loves them.
great seeing you today at FX McRory's today. Stay gold pony boy - stay gold.
I'm just confused with this movie. Like what!?!b
Happy Tuesday folks! I wonder what kind of #DirtyLittleThings we can get into today...
oh my lucky stars!!! Clay and Joe are looking good on the cow bar tonight! A glorious sight! Giddy up
lmaooo its all her flamin clothes! She has enough to clothe the world!
I love the way you lie T__T
Fake friends come & go , Like the seasons !
thank you!!!
It was great meeting you as well! I had much fun at #mombizmondays :)
fuck hoes i rather count pro's
Amazing! That you did that:)
Suppose to present today. Did I do anything for it? No.
Oh snap almost forgot Happy Halloween :)
if I can't get them to you today I can probably get them to you tomorrow. But my moms not home right now so I can't go there
Shep Smith on #fox said President is on right side of history, republicans on wrong side. No more inequality, esp. you NC!
no lol she didnt go to school today :p
My parents need to come home so I can eat dinner! :O I'm starving.
There will be strength to walk another mile. There will be hope when I've done all I can. I'm glad to know it's in the Saviour's hands.
51% shooter...Vandy still has a chance
#ThingsPeopleDontKnowAboutMe: whenever someone asks to be friends with benefits it makes me want to cry. I want a real relationship..
The Big Bang Theory's on #aots! via
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be discussing the May 20 festival.
Insisting that I don't use a condom, not only #thataintcool but babe,
what is your second channel? I cant find it!!
LMAO i know, i love it so much
Bud light epic fails so far.
gracias, amigo! Hope you like IG...it's pretty cool!
the diff in wbb they keep their derek rose/anthony davis' for 4 years. U realize A&M won last yr right?
Happy Tuesday tweeps! Who's going to play #trivia this afternoon? You can win a $10 gift card from #SUBWAY! Yummy yummy.
awww, i'm down! i'm pretty open next week. juhhhh lemme kno!
what's up
slept all day. It's not fun anymore.
Miss you.
I need to be more careful about what I simmer in my brain soup. It's starting to taste too much like procrastination.
I LIKE IT TOO
lame. But I'll be in Dublin soon, we'll sync up.
can you let me know where you do that? Lol
braids his pubes
Elvis is in the BUILDING! Go
Future on Blast ... texting my Bestfriend
please help support our organization to benefit childhood cancer. Spread the word: July 8th, 80's party! Socialimpactinc.org
lmao. Funky fresh than a mug. O.o ... lolol.
thanks 4 the follow!
Who is your avatar pic of? I can't put my finger on it.
lmao your a childish young minded lil boy... But im not going to feed into your stupidity.... LATER LOSER
NOTICE ME BIG BOY #BOYFRIENDTEASER !!!
Off to the local farm stand to get some fresh corn on the cob....ah, the taste of summer :-)
Immersed in Pages Program at the Wexner Center, Ohio State University. Excited to incorporate visual, performance, & film into curriculum.
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
how do u crackle polish ur nails? Cuz thats so cute!! :)
I agree--and it needs to have coverage of entire trans spectrum. Name is a ginormous problem.
DO YOU STILL ADD WITH YOUR FINGERS?”....YES !
Keep your heels, head, and standards high.
is lol-ing that the gorgeous boy she met at Starbucks is a former soap star, turned musician, and also a handyman. SHE LOVES NEW YORK! ;)
than what's the other 10%
Ooh, thanks! That is awesome. I think I might stick with ; I've really liked it so far!
“: #Brewers #OpeningDayCountdown #63” and I, for one, cannot wait!
What in the what? #BrainImplode RT : Have you ever thought about experimentally trying to reduce your libido?
got ya, its cool
Bloomberg Radio quoting erroneous Mac9-5 report from LAST WEEK about iPhone 4S price cuts at Walmart.
We can help navigate the project and the metadata needed to find their stuff
tell him to hang in there. He'll be in FL soon. :-)
#WhatILoveMost when replies/ rt's me (: gotta love him! <3
Thankful for great buffalo turkey trot, friends, and meal.
don't let nobody get under yo skin like that u got to much good stuff goin 4 u
Never...Ever. Did i think I'd say this but....this Florida Panthers/New Jersey Devils game is exciting!
Haven't messed with Google+ in awhile. Just logged in. The last 10 people to add me to their circles are men. Strangers at that.
We guarantee all of our Fishing Rod Racks
I will. What r u doing tomorrow?
Yum! That sounds delicious!
after a productive morning, beers & #kubball in eastern market with caro.
And now all thoughts turn to
Staying all night in a church. With girl scouts. You are gonna get A LOT of tweets about how much I hate this.
“: We all have God in us. " //Yes, but must let God have all of us. Blessings
well thanks so much! we really appreciate the kind words. did you see our music video? www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
By leading a well-cultivated and stylish lifestyle of course!
You're too kind. Thanks so much!! I promise to tweet pics while I'm there. Enjoy the rest of your night xox
one online tonight and one tomorrow and last one on Friday!!
We're blogging about cupcakes! Joni loves Kick Ass Cupcakes here in Boston. My favorite is Tell us your favorite!
haha do u watch mad men?
/rolls eyes
Poor ole ROBWAY , he just has NOTHING CREDIBLE 2 say bout #GOP so he blames & name calls others 2 HIDE his shame!
I did and good luck hope you get Valentine's(:
throw a hex on the whole family!
me too! Now stop talking to me.:)
I love you too boo boo :-*
“: Selling a yorkie puppy bu the name of King. If u are interested in him dm me. Need to sell him by Thurs” y u sellin king!?
RT : Heading out to Little Rock for the 2012 Arkansas International Pageants!!
Congrats to asst Dan Muller on getting the head coach job. Good guy, good coach. He'll do well.
Hey, I just met you. And, this is crazy. But, here's my number. So, call me, maybe?
Who needs the gym when you live in the NB hills, have to move your car every 2 hrs and your apartment is up 3 flights of stairs?!
RT congrats! : So proud of my team for bringing home 14 #inspirenc awards!
Remembering HAITI today
#PRODUCTIONTIPS Albini's beautifully opinionated approach to recording is perhaps most evident recording drums, capturing the instrument
Geraldo actually wishes that a TSA agent "manually raped" him.
haha ikr she looked like a cinnamon roll
Haha it was for awhile. :) how was your weekend?
Happy Halloween! (almost) excited to dress Piper up tonight!
Stop by this morning to say hi to #EdJones broadcasting #TheMorningShow live on
haha very funny
haha i love satire! RT :RIM may well still be worth buying, comments
Apparently LoC caught flak once Google started digitizing books, re "why didn't LoC do this 1st?"
Thanks Babe! O)+>
We're managing The Actors Circle Theatre again for Fringe this year. Let us know if you need booking info.
Ima still work hard on these two sprained ankles cus I'm a mtf G
how much of your stuff is missing this time around?
When are you back from New Orleans? Not wanting to push it too far down the road..
Please make all guests do karaoke. It would be HILARIOUS. Call it ”Conanoke”.
cheers for the #FF shoutout man!
New Snapback hats in stock!!! mention us in your tweet and get free shipping!
Everything is great in a small space until someone blows a fuckin fart!
<3 I love you
yeah much like there is no elixir that can make me forget how much i love Cassie.
Farmer's Market today!!
Strive for perfection in everything you do. Take the best that exists and make it better. When it does not exist, design it.
First time DirectTv actually played the Pacer game
show is coming on east coast time!!!! Luck friend!!! We are so proud of you and so excited to watch!!!
caption contest made me laugh! Fun idea
Damn my Drake Cd Skippin
Had a dream that I was a ninja but like a really horrible one and I was hiding under a blanket and Alex found me and kissed me idk i like it
Well Boston...what a beautiful day for a wedding!!!!
See there's the proof...what goes around comes around.
Did they do this one? #jackphillips shut up shut up I am busy with Cape Race!
In case you couldn't tell, I am a fan of the Happy Endings. No, not those. Get your head out of the gutter.
Just ate a turkey burger from a hospital vending machine with a knife and fork. This day can end anytime.
Friendship Bracelets ? Nah ! lmaoooo
Smile Ladies, God made us Strong enough to handle Anything that comes our way, We are unbreakable! <U+2665>
When im in a bad mood and im a jerk to my friends but they still keep texting me >>> haha :)
Listening to Jerry Schnepp, UIC grad and De Paul PhD present his work on avatars that translate text into sign language-inspiring!
It's from Wooden Camera. Evf mount, Tapped Handle, and Eazy Plate. Its going to go on the redrock gage when I get it.
good feel. Was very chill, no beer on tap. But great bottle selection and good booze. It's like drinking in log cabin.
#waystomakemehappy Play with my Hair <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Just saw a man running in green...um, running tights. I don't judge but this hurt my eyes.
youre very welcome. And i'm looking forward to it!
RT : Just gonna keep letting Aoki wander around in CF, I see.
A2. hi-flow happens when individual thoughts becomes shared dreams.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 20
I wish I could go to the jingle ball but I'm deff going to the NYC one in March!
Reddit: Keeping the Wild Wild Web from 1997 alive.
ohyes u did :-)
This guy wanted to talk to me and I told him I have a lot of hw.. I realized that even If i had a lot I would always talk to YOU
THANKS GOD!
More Tracks Coming SOON!
pieface... going into belly... urge to kill... fading...
who is interested in guitar bass playing?
Good luck ! You're gonna knock it out of the park!
Please help spread the word about tonight's #EmptyBowl Preview Party at Mex Am Cultural Center www.austinemptybowl.org
please please please follow back?? <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> :]
An HD t.v. Is close enuff!
The only civilized thing to do in NYC after the blizzard...a cappuccino at via quadronno before a walk through central park
Neil Young says only love can break your heart. But sometimes Neil Young breaks your heart. Neil Young, therefore, is love?
Corey Sears eats a lemon before NFL games! Did the team tell you it was a club tradition? Ever seen any of them do it?
friends coming into town. Let's party.
bored out of my mindd :/ i wish it was friday so i could tell my first period bout "s. Usyream r u a mahomie?<3 .
We honor the brave women and children of Lawrence, who risked their lives to fight for fair labor 99 yrs ago this day.
Hell yea im on his ass as of yesterday.!
hey can you send me your finance cheat sheet
Watching Chuck Norris get his ass beat by Bruce Lee in "Game of Death" is the 2nd best thing to fall asleep to. Next to opium, of course.
Great idea!! Will try that.
such a rebel! lol :D how's Brussels?
Looking for dancers and breakers for a music video shooting on Sunday! Hit me of ur in LA and a dancer and available :)
i almost forgot i had her head in the couch!!
yeah, he's all like "nah, nah...". Funny
I Luv Boston, #autism raise record-breaking awareness & support for
“: Congrats to Dr. Busold on his first Parker seminar! #ParkerVegas” < Congrats Dr. Busold hope u enjoy! Stop by booth 727 & visit!
Quick Houstonites!! Name a great restaurant for under $15!
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
OH GOD
infertility is direct effect of #chemtrails #Geoengineering look up and inform yourself. The sky wont lie
Happy #MothersDay to all the Supermoms out there!
#NowBumpin "Analog 2/Wheels 2 by Tyler The Creator feat. Frank Ocean & Syd The Kid
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I'm thankful to all my family and friends - thanks 4 being a blessing in my life!! :)
i got you bro.
that bitch cray
Theirs a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.(:
You can not replace $ for an education. Rich is rich and dumb is dumb
Cleveland greatly represented in #Avengers!! Epic movie!!
Great post! People have No idea how much time quotes take, its a process. Time is money. Well Said.
"Stop acting your age, start living your life." ~ Professor David J. Demko, PhD, creator of ZOOMER, Boomers with Zip! (ISSN1088-5889, 1998).
If I had better Photoshop skills I'd whip up a coat of arms for you.
#TextsThatGetYouScared remember me? I remember U
I wish we were beating Indiana today by the way
*waits for if we had Bosh nonsense
haha intense to say the least, but I still love it!
hahaha are you at the one on 9th Ave.? I always walk past that place and think the same thing...
What do the other bracelets look like?
are you playing webster with cash cash?
Praying for Jack and the whole family. He is such a tough little guy!!
Don't ever be the bringer of bad news.
Jerry is Jerry. Not excited at all.
I should get back to my crafting. It calms me.
these damn shuttles drag like no othaa !
depends on where in Lakewood but either southglenn @ arapahoe and university or downtown at Larimer and Park Ave. see u soon!
Gettin' my on at the BC. Show Boston what ya got Milwaukee!
Brickman just hit two free throws LIU up 78-63 and Garner gets the steal 2:54 left
Um ... isn't that photo a Mallard hen and not a Muscovy?
Bitches got me flucked
hey cutie thanx for following me.
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! YAY BAYBAY!!!!! I am so stoked for him!!!! :o)
foo real..he's not a miracle bitch. And they have to be able to give him like glass eyes or something
Drake is one of the VERY FEW MUSICIANS in the rap game. He has an amazing feel for melody
"Get the culture right and success happens naturally on it's own" Tony Hsieh, CEO,
Tomorrow's selection Sunday will determine the #Aztecs seed in the NCAA tournament.
followed back:)
its called "friends with benefits"
Dinner gonna be a struggle...
so almost time for bed z been a good night!! :)
you most likely did but you grew up and everybody went different ways and u liked urself more so u didn't follow anyone
How am i posed to do math like this huh?
haha for sure! Do you listen to music, watch a movie, or work in silence? Always wonder what other stationers do!
1, 2, Freddy's coming for you.
Cant wait for the race
it's really hard to get and to follow me....ohh well //: imma keep tryin
I feel like Cody Simpson will never notice me.
Witte was the perfect mid week growler.
Happy #FF Friday to new followers:
Is The Only Person I Trust;A Person Who Is Just Amazing;And My BESTFRIEND!Oh,Yeah That's Right I Love Her Too <3
bring me one
I wanna hear the real original version of don't wake me up
I'm sure it's casual dress code like most bars
Mammoth 13, Bandits 12 after 3 quarters at the First Niagara Center.
I think Albert Pujols is on pace to have 12 home runs this season......well worth that cash haha....
#Text CHAMPS2 to 90210 for info on high school lady #basketball #athletes #marketing & #placement services. #Mobile #media rocks!
They added a tour date for Merriweather and just got tix! I'm pumped.
Is a dope ass artist and killin most anybody rappin. she has a superior work ethic & i'm glad we on the same team.
#MyMet is such an inspiring idea. Can't wait to virtually explore a place I've loved since I was a little girl
RT Today's diet plan, was succeeding halfway. Let's start tmrw then :)
Is blaine gabbert going to cry?
Falling asleep while tanning outside
Studies have shown by reducing word count you can improve
Count your blessings, not your problems. Today is a gift, take advantage of the opportunity to live.
Sure, but a breakfast pastry is a breakfast pastry. A Pop Tart is a "breakfast pastry." No need for mea culpas.
Tell me about it! Maybe adults will take heed and put less pressure on students...maybe
No mermaids spotted yet on the Erie Canal but the season is still young and we remain full of hope
This was bad for the #Phillies, they had the #Yanks by the throat going back to game six, now the momentum shifted a little even if NY loses
...and that they made it at the library. Another way wd be to photograph a cool event & post photos quickly for immediate sharing.
To hear more, talk less. ...To succeed more, assume less. ...To invent more, resist less.
Just saw a screening of what's your number its hilarious
i'll looking them up to like them. and I retweeted so my followers see it too
Black History Month starts today!
you sing?
Still love your ex? Does your ex still loves you?
great show! to b honest, i didnt really know new band members individually until '06...that said,i like brain btr than frank
God; Didnt Bringg Me Thus Far Too drop Me Off Here
oops! twitter won't let us message you until you follow us!
Whoever was the idiot who got rid of the 6-sided ring in TNA WRESTLING (NOW "IMPACT WRESTLING") OUGHT TO BE FIRED!!!!!!!
Most definitely.
sorry girl.. but I think that all the fans are the best not just brazilians fans.. :S
's wife to appear on the cover of this months special edition of "Wife's of random shitty black athletes".
Lol... him:Do I love you tru or false her:ye.. him:answer the goddamn question n leave Jenna alone!!!!!!! >:(
At least I came home to the new trampe puppy
Some girls tan to the point of their skin looking like a leather jacket. I wonder if rain ruins their skin.
Such a sad day. Rest in peace and get better. Anyone else who needs a prayer tonight, this one's for you.
twitter is to acquaintances as match dot com is to dates
is excited to have on tomorrow with and -there will be cooking & singing!
Love to "check-in" to your favorite places on Facebook and Foursquare? Don't forget to check into EWC on your next visit!
Keep burning bridges.
Moral of the Back to the Future movies: it's cool to eff with the space-time continuum; everything works out for the best.
I really wish you could see me as Isee u, life would be a beautiful song.
TulipsRT : Happy first day of #Spring! What's your favorite flower?
Sick, but feeling very loved on my 25th birthday!!!
Coat your skillet w/ cooking spray instead of butter. A second-long spritz contains only 10 cals & a gram of fat (versus 102 cals and 12 g).
When Novak is wide open for 3 is he going to miss because he's afraid of Miami? What does afraid mean? Examples?
Happy July!
just a yellow card! Must have only kicked one ball!
hello everyone xD
teaching philosophy: EMPATHETIC, understand learner's experience, engaging, logically structured, meeting known needs
Congratulations to all that took advantage of the Groupon deal last week for OKC Party Bus and thanks to all my passengers for a great wknd!
*American Interview* "What do you do on your free time?" *British Interview* "Is Jerry the name of your penis?" I love Brits.
Don’t just work a job – own the company! www.businessofbakingnow.com
Must do again! Come back soon Siobhan!
“: I really think Cuban should sell the team because Stern and refs will never let him win.”
another one in for ASU ties the game 3-3. still 1 out.
That a boy Luc!!!
Thanks, I'll take a look.
Anybody have a GSM smartphone they wanna give a dude who totaled his iphone 4?
it's kind of like a digital slot machine, pull the handle and sometimes you hit the jackpot but mostly just get nothin
That sounds delish! Enjoy!
Oh Ian. Your beautiful.
Much love to you, Rika! :)
Follow up. Dreamhost got back to me. 36 hours later. with a wikipeadia link as the "solution". Just sayin.
I took "What's Your Favorite Color?" and got "Your Favorite Color is Black" , The friend part on the test is true.
omg yes! I need to go rewatch it now!
Yeahh. Well I was outside and I came in and saw the text and I was like wtf. Lol.
youe awkward amount of followers
night friend who I wish I knew lol
preciate it. I'm finna do it RIGHT NOW.
ahh feel your pain. I've tried tea and sad music.. Nothing is working.
Ray Ray singing LOL
Today 1949: Southern Wisconsin's first drive-in theater--the Hi-Way 26 Outdoor Theater, with a 33x46 foot screen--opened in Janesville.
good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
says he told the president yesterday "my marriage hasn't harmed any heterosexuals."
I HAD TOO!
Just caught up with Breaking Bad. What an amazing ending to season 4!
The vegetarian cafe where the Broad Ripple Inn is now - Stillwater?
RT this for a free sample of #ClosingTime! We'll send it right to you!
*sings like the weeknd* RT : They loving the crew RT : Niggas always try and fuck your friends.
vamp life
New Orleans recently brought recycling back to the city for the first time since Hurricane Katrina. Can't wait for my blue bin!
I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT!!!!!! :D
looks like he's going to beat that apple senseless, Then convince the world the apple deserved it, Then publicly apologize
the pigs are the cutest!!!!
oh stopp you are!
Have triggers all up my neck, shoulder, and arm.
You know it's bad when you measure the number of hours you've been in Lau by the number of times you've had to pee.
#milwaukee Music of the PA system gives the store a nice vibe!
thats the right one, god looking
“: When people cut you down or talk behind your back, remember, they took time out of their pathetic lives to think about you.”
Mcdonalds water park is full of roaches don't go there ever ..
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
No worries! Looks like a rake annoyance.
Try saying "ponder the yonder" next time. Sounds even better when you say it with a slight twang.
"You're like your own sun."
One day everyone will know my name
If so, it will be just another LA team to dislike. RT : So, the rumor is that the Vikings are moving to LA next season.
Nina Simone - I Shall Be Released - 07:47 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
happy weekend!
Please tell me you're not talking about JMOMS so I can share in your happiness.
we gotta have a reunion cookout or something this summer
Of course! The short form of my name. Salespeople in particular are prone to this. Being chummy, they imagine.
So a Brother Mason saved me from catching on fire tonight..... Talk about Beotherly Love!
gay = g, emo = e, a = anime hence #GEA. Ex. " My daughter drew a #GEA Jesus. Expecting a call from the school in 3...2..."
I could RT all of 's tweets. Instead, all my ed friends should just follow him. Greatness.
thanks! Me too! “: Love the bow shoes with the polka dots!”
Yeah I'm thinking something old-fashioned for our baby, like Fannie, or Esther
Review: Ten is a unique character and has a fascinating way of looking at life. Laughed out loud and could hardly wait to read more.
Just applied at chick fil a too!!(:
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Magician João Blümel will be gracing Diva with his magic and mind reading entertainment 8-10p tonight!
Republican circus continues in Florida, Mr. Bain Capital looks to be the winner
Im currently makinq some life chanqes if u dont hear from me, then ur one of them:p
delivering lineups to umps at Nats-Padres game tonight.. pretty cool experience
yess this is my first account i made :)
I'm literally freaking out right now..
Does BBV Compass Stadium have any special places dedicated specifically to Supporters Groups?
Now eating #skittles!! I love you skittles!! :D <3
We had a very productive and lengthy board meeting on Sunday afternoon.... thank you to all participants!!!! ---L.S.
": I need my tummy rubbed :(" i can rub it for u
Really? RT Pinterest's mission "is not to keep people on the site forever. It's to get people out and to find those objects."
Got too much free time bout to hit up Ace boxing later on today
Have you washed your car yet? If not, we can do it for you!
some people jjust make my dayy SO much better!
I was just reviewing with my son for his history test,..talking about the surfs and the lords,.My how things have not changed
is gonna be my ride or die in seaside..
Feel like I've been dead for 2 days...maybe drinking 400 PBRs is what killed Jesus, too
Can everyone please go follow for me greatly appreciated if u do :)
I've already started the standing ovation for Francona.
Friend posted "Ballroom Blitz" lyrics on fb. Made me think about Sweet, Slade & Bowie, & realized how much I really like glam rock.
That is awesome lol
The video for #t4biz looks great!
I'll be appearing at the Chittenango, NY OZ-TRAVANGANZA June 1-3, signing and selling books alongside Gregory Maguire! More details soon...
talking to my brother about going out for drinks
Francisco!!!! Where are u? I wanna get married u *___*
When creepy creepers retweet your tweets <<<<< #strangerdanger <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Back pain: 98% of back pain patients are diagnosed with nonspecific acute back pain which has no serious underlying pathology.
so julian will never follow me but anyways go
Apparently because I didn't write to you. I will change my password immediately.
congrats on winning the iPod!
I still remember those days when photos were taken for memories and not for facebook profiles.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart | Donald Laird
OMG just figured me and austin have the same Vans! :)
would that happen to be Delta to #MSP?!
Thats awesome! Based on the way newspapers are faring, you may have realized that life goal just under the wire!
Here on paseo for the free homework help club. Cone on over free free help and a special treat.
Robert J. Sawyer~ You cant choose the ways in which youll be tested.
shut up its not in theaters anymore!? I never got to see it!!! Are you sure?
Hi Jayson, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
although I do wish I followed more people because my TL dies around 2:30am
hahaha word. Let me send my resume to your dad! Lol
watching Revenge!!!!
Congrats! That's awesome!
After breaking first chair in the middle of lecture, I now know how Gwyneth Paltrow feels in Shallow Hal.
The Wine of Summer rocks! go to the FB page!
I wish everyone thought like that.
The world's largest sex and swinger site AdultFriendFinder.com now sponsoring Swingfest Lifestyle Awards banquet and Afterparty!
u asked me 2 follow youand now i am! sorry i dont get on twitter a lot so thats why it took me a while
THANK YOU to the military personnel who have/are serving our country & we remember those who died. We are FREE today because of you.
love u too boo!!!!
Set up a few links/tags on the theme, they do the rest. That's the plan.
in just a few days! Had a injury-laden winter. It will be nice to jog the course, though.
Free writing tip: "e.g." means "for example," and "i.e." means "that is." Trust me, it will make sense one day.
catch em all bro
Male Health: many men with enlarged prostate are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Omega oils and saw palmetto
That's cute...
You're being very... kind about the dessert. But kindness is a virtue. Thanks.
why is everyone talking about Amber Cole for?
“: Don't let "Affection" turn into "Infection", put some "Protection" on that "Erection"!” better remember this !
Mayor Goodman will discuss the State of the City and Its future today before the LV Chamber of Commerce. More on
Rain or shine, it's always fun to shoot ! :) our next guest is hot-hot-hot!
Shootouts to and everyone else who killed it at SOB's last night!
What time you coming cuz?
Of course, you can't forget the Big Apple Awards competition celebrating the best of the best in PR!
It was deelish! With 30+ people in front of me, I still had a sandwich in like 10 minutes. (My son Caleb works there!)
Radio Cab Foundation Partnership today at 11am
Hope you get good discounts :).
We did it! Survived Restaurant Half Month! No crew I would rather go into battle with than ! Won over a lot of new advocates!
SWC's 2012-13 financial aid forms should be available and posted later this week.
My response isn't Twitter appropriate, unfortunately.
Cool, this is made you pants?
"I adore and cherish you not solely because of who you are but who I am when I'm with you!" .......words of <U+2764> and encouragement!
RT : Per Samsung stats, on the average Korean mobile consumers use about 2GB/month. KT (operator) covers Seoul w/#LTE with 12...
Greg how old is Bobby now? 80?
Clearing my mind from the gloomy weather looking for the sunshine of today wanting to meet the world with an open hand and smile.
How about turning that into an office for ATHA? There is another great Little Tavern up in Laurel too
This sexy girl in the grocery store just asked me if i had a girlfriend, then her phone went off & Cheef Keef started playing
my spelling/grammer on last tweet a direct reflection of my sleep/caffiene deprivation! HAVE A GOOD 1!
I woke up 2 some great tweets! S/O 2 all those who support me & 2 those who don't. U may not support now but u will later :)
wazzup ! I'm bored, how about you?
Excited to hear your talks at 's Art After Dark on Oct 13! Thanks!
right?! Ridiculous!
good morning ugly
Finally with my honey after 6 long months! :) Thank you #USSEnterprise for bringing our men & women home safely! Go Navy
Deadlined and loving it. Can't wait to announce the July cover
Call just now: "Who there should I send a press kit to?" "What is it?" "A press kit" "For?" "A person" "Which person?" "A public person" Oh.
or allow more time for lib to check data just before golive; disagree with here, freezes can be useful
Watching the Descendants and missing Hawaii... Sigh.
you will crush it ... let me, and know how we can help.
Is it wrong that while watching the Human Centipede all I was concerned with was trying to catch a decent glimpse of boob?
Your serve Melo
I'm sick of celebrities "opening up" and "breaking their silence." They all just need to shut the front door.
What a March. Keep the work comin!
": drunk sex hell yeaa". Hell yeah I would go all night
Getting crazy out here.
Under-a-Rock Dispatch No. 43: Discovered from 's site that there are video game music cover bands e.g. The OneUps
RT District Heights...Gardening and Community
This is absolutely b.s.! Why tonight out of all tonights does this crap happen
#np Let It Be Me - Ray Lamontagne. <U+2661>
The Springs Cafe has a bento box w/lobster siu mai dumplings, crab cake, shrimp fried rice & mushroom wakame salad this week. Come try it!
I broke something that was broken and it turns out I fixed it
It's too bad the Catholic church just can't catch a break, way to go Notre Dame!
count me in.
Always on the lookout for blogs and pieces to uplift teacher morale. Feel free to send me your recs. :)
SELENA IS PREGNANT?!?!?!?
Off to an animation edit for a book trailer. All my worlds colliding.
Who is heading out of town for #Thanksgiving? Safe travels & Happy Holidays!
not that surprising, insurance co's spending billions to spread their lies about it here. Your system is far superior to ours
Getting ready to hit the road, any suggestions on movies I should be downloading on #iTunes?
This looks delish! Looks like we'll be making tortilla soup tomorrow.
can't complain
Life would b so much easier if we could predict the future, I guess not knowing makes life so exciting but still hate making hard decisions
hello how is life treating u.......Can I follow u
s/o to my mom for letting me stay home to get some rest to be ready for work this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hey Please stop violating the CAN-SPAM Act and allow me to unsubscribe from your email list.
Thanks so much! We just got started, so please spread the word to your friends :)
Haha! RT : - great idea! But not one I personally want to see ... :)
wish I could as it was on my list. No more Fringe opportunities for this time around, but others should go!
A sitar!
Thanks for the RT.
It's feels like my whole life I'm only tryna find a way..
i officially love your icon.
The M & M boys r on the shelf again. They're roommates again. This time at a Minneapolis nursing home.
#inch #MacBook #15 Apple planning 15 inch MacBook Air
Reading some scenes I wrote 13 years ago - so painfully awful...
NYC beloved artist Peter Max will be designing the artwork on the hull of NCL's new Breakaway sailing year round from NYC! Info 800-803-7245
Kappa mickey such a beast back in the day show!
I love Lane's wife.
Positive sign- reports:historic buildings in downtown Portland getting nip&tuck ready for new business. 6:30pm
they were great!
RT : Amazon's "most well-read cities" list should actually be "cities least likely to buy books at indie bookstores"
OF COURSE a hug and cocoa will be waiting. & you can only have a baby seal if he gets along with bunny.
Ready to go hme mfs about to piss me off
I ate to many cheezits, now I owe you a box of cheezit's.
omg haha same
Oh, and HBD to the one, the only: Mr. Byrne
Have a great, safe holiday weekend everyone!!
Tonight is my show at the Triple Rock - The Pinch plays at 9 pm!
spent the day hunting for labels & night drooling over vinyl pressings and album printing options. this release is a beautiful experience.
My girlfriend started doing genealogy stuff a month ago and has been freaking out over it. Eventually traced back to 1600s.
YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO DOWNTOWN ORLANDO TO WATCH ME MAKE A COMPLETE FOOL OF MYSELF IN HONOR OF MY BIRFDAY.
Hoping for a #running day tomorrow. Lots of soreness. At least it's not pain.
Never ran away for the sake of scars.
RT : Happy New Years! I'll confess, I wasn't such a fan of 2011. I'm so much more excited for this new one. Let's do this, guys.
stalin? really? I would have gone with a less inspired dictator
Apparently, food groups with high sugar content such as sweets, cakes, desert and carbohydrate rich food group must be reduced
i wish i could know what vin is REALLY thinkin right now.
if we win people will say it wasnt good enough because we didnt score enough, if we lose people will jump off bridges lol
hope she doesn't follow you...
Good night ;)
indeed looks yummy!! My mom brought two pecan praline cakes. I'm trying my best to stay away from it.
How much practice time do you require each day?
dried and candied ginger from the Philippines will burn your tongue off. just fyi.
shit man coolin. i fucks with the artwork you did for slitta new beat tape. i might need u
Watching now! : )
You can shut up now because your wrong
#JustRememberThat You should love diversity & respect backgrounds
BTW who still uses fax. I'm looking at you #USPS mail recovery center
I just couldn't. I'd be all, "I'll talk to you when you can control yourselves and get off the speaker phone."
Mother - that was the bank where we deposited all our hurts and worries. ~T. DeWitt Talmage
Tacos, Tilapia, Fajitas, Shrimp Cocktail were going like crazy yesterday! So we're the Margaritas, Martinis, & Moscato!
how is it with you and cris? I watched your wedding tonight :D
Overheard #oe11. Let's get digital. Wanna connect? Bring it home.
ahh sounds fun. Im just listening to music.
My brother defines an ASSHOLE. Like, if you look up ASSHOLE in the dictionary.. you'll see BRANDON BRIGHT listed beneath it. Seriously.
Folloowww theem. Or Im going to call you a Jonas lover fo' the rest of yo' liifee. ;)
Enjoy the warmer weather in an A5 Cabriolet!
Dave scott is mb coreographer so I'll go with true
tell me about it. Idk how you put up with her..
A lot of flash bulbs going off as grads and their families capture memories of the day.
Woot! More followers come on people message me follow me ill message back and follow back :D
Protection vs raw message results to aka raw dog hydrogen peroxide man
lol its funny to watch and he is The Biggest Tim Tebow Lover.
great photo! thanks so much for sharing it!
- www.thekeyplayerz.com, go to media page and have a listen.first track is called "I told you so" for a reason. You'll want it.
Is it weird that every time I eat carrots I get the hiccups? Does any1 else get that?
No apologies needed! As long as you all had a good time!
next week (beautiful day) will be released feat and
Gilbert chute!
Rico Rico Rico Rico
heading to Corrales tonight to catch the Tumblweeds at the Bistro
hey I gotta talk to my parents for a bit bro, so we gonna have to do the another day. Tiny Chat was cool though.
Sad to see them go but also very proud! Great group of guys! Nothing but best wishes to them all. Always will be #BBNFam <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I think well-groomed #locs are just as fashionable. My #dreds are part of my brand and make me even more distinctive in my work.
Yet you're going to balance monster damage on char HP, which determines... how many hits a character can take. Not separate Qs.
I do love your pics of snowy Maine!
So great to hear our Mayor supports local farmers... Way to lead by example !
stick into front wheel, locked up and threw me over bars. happened so fast i didn't fully roll. all the impact went into one spot
“: The moment when the fire alarm goes off & your half naked in the locker room #ohmygod” hahahaha omg
Feeling guilty I skipped the gym today. However I slept until 8 for the first time since...high school? Body is pleased.
I love you too :)
hi doll! Every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink:)
Days like this suck, hopefully I'll be moving on to something better soon. Don't think I can take much more of this.
Hart was about 4 feet from tying it.
Gotta love Kobe: Players traditionally approach NBA All Star game w/ "game faces" off, often appear hung-over. Not Kobe. He's always "on."
We have the most competitively priced companies nationwide.
I want pinterest superbowl party leftovers :)
If anybody has a ticket for Bonnaroo they would like to give me for free or at a greatly reduced price I would certainly appreciate it.
shame on you! This coming from someone who had to have it explained to me last night from someone who is a huge fan.
The Germans baby.
no u don't
How can instructional design be visual?
TU4 follow.The gop will get what's coming to them. Old saying »»»#GODDON'TLIKEUGLY«««To much ugly if given power.(OBAMA2012-16)
The Godfather.YES!!!!!
BOOKED the lead in LETTING GO, a film w/ SVA directed by Joel Campbell. I play a widow who abuses alcohol after losing my husband on 9/11.
I'm not messing with your head. Charade screens on Sunday at the Regent Square Theater, featuring two of most beautiful people EVER!
Anyone had any great workouts today?
put my god damn glasses down
It goes Boozer, Cutler, the Cubs, LeBron & Mendenhall for me
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown
im caught up with some stuff. I will be there late.
that's a step up. Look at him.
I Became a member of CMT just to vote For (:
chai latte on deck let's go Tuesday
Just downloaded a new running ap for my phone to walk outside to the rain
How come uncle Jessy didn't get invited to play with the Beach Boys? Thick Greek Yogurt must've gotten in the way
Get your hard hat on tomorrow night ! There'll be DJs, shot block, sake bombs, cocktail specials, etc.
Why am I awake?
Did Jesus have to trim his nose hair?
if you like beach camping, there's a bunch of great spots up the coast between here and Santa Barbara. Text me if you need info
LolRT : ": A foul on Ray Allen?? For what???"<Boston look like old dudes at the Rec or the Y>
It's just Tuesday. How crazy can it get?
lol i have a freckle in my eye! seriously, its weird, my friend thought the color in my eye was leaking out haha
Holy sexy Sally! I had a blast last night playing dirty rocknroll at the best bikini bar in LA, CHEETAHS! thanks to our friends and da girls
Khloe Kardashian Wrote back on myspace 2 me in myspace days
yeah.. but like add stuff If u want.. I had this good idea for gb but forgot it.
ha ha ha
This is a typical UL game so far.
as a former Columbia staffer & a 14 year supporter of your music, I want to say congrats on a great new record! Just picked it up!
RT : Stop by one of these or our other 800 venues for a lunch time brew
if it makes you feel any better the movie stopped 5 mins in and they are still trying to fix it. Womp Womp!
be proud . be confident . & most of all be happy <3
Once again...crazy as hell.
#wcphilly #day2 : "All Software has bugs. A vibrant bug tracker is a huge utility for WordPress."
Small but mighty!!! RT Allan Guei with a transition dunk! Play of the Year candidate.
lol wait what's happening Thursday?
Hell yes you can contribute. Just mention us. Or if you like, shoot us an email. . Real fancy-like.
is the only reason im in school.
it does <333 so I'm gonna go cuz
The will be taking a tour this evening of , , and the
Pentatonix: good, as usual. That was a really smart mash-up.
I'd love any help. I wrote how-to content for 3 years, so I have a lot of this kind of stuff I can adapt, but more is better!
S/O Beautiful
Have OWS links to Obama proved so dysfunctional, that there are cynics privately hoping #occupy derail in-plain-sight before the election?
it looks amazing
Good Morning Twitter family, time to regain the route
Government can help citizens without forcing mandates on them. American citizens are not used to being forced to conform to political party
he must be Scandinavian
"I never started from ideas but always from character" - Ivan Turgenev, the legendary Russian writer (1818-1883). He is worth reading.
RT : I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once. #quote Jennifer Unlimited
SO BORED
How did you select your wedding photographer? When you work with a #destinationwedding planner you have access to our preferred vendors!
Very impressed by how #siri just replied to "Why did the chicken cross the road?" and "Knock knock, who's there?"
great idea. Maybe one of my tiny Limoges pianos to match my blue bike helmet. Suppose it will hurt aerodynamics?
trying the new Doritos taco??? :)) XDD
Today’s is our Emory manager, Brendan’s, last day! Stop by to say goodbye & wish him good luck in his Radiation Therapy studies.
sounds fun! What will we be doing?!
Hey guys, Happy Monday :) I hope you all had an awesome Easter! I kno we did! Just don't ever forget the real reason why we celebrate it.
SO TRUE
Like u'r article but 2 suggest that global warming could 'end us' isn't helpful
Being with my family today is exactly what the doctor ordered. I've never felt more connected.
I will be at wednesday night!!! missed it last week now im READY READY READY!
probably a "westside" with some menacingly pursed lips
Yep! Are you?
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
Facebook goes public tomarrow. I wonder what does that really mean?
Brooke: "Cataloging is the broccoli of Library Science"
if you have a student load out and have a forbearance call your load company atleast 1x a month. almost got fucked on mine!
no, I can't say I do that one. You're on your own. Weirdo.
yes, the elbow patches, etc. like the prof with the office down the hall from me. ;)
has spent so much time in bed that she's physically exhausted. If only that was as great as it sounds rather than due to the bubonic plague.
You are! Loving the bangs, btw. Looking fly, per usual.
haha me and Rondo are #besties - we will win the rest of the games for this round ... I can feel it
Just found out the reason my good friend hasn't been at school for the past 2 weeks is because she tried to commit suicide. I am in shock.
Three performances down six to go! Hope you guys got your tickets!!
Don't call me 5 times in a row, it means I don't wanna talk.
Twitter thugs are hilarious to me
Hey! use that brain to write some more juicy stuff! I don't mean naughty...but crap like this.
I hate a thief <
Did u c my TWEETS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in Movie. I wrote it
I'm helping to publicize 's NARCOPOLIS, just out in the U.S. If you'd like a review copy and don't have one yet...
ISS might be able to see launch?...that would make for awesome pics
Time for new moves and new spots
When your secretly racing the person driving next to you LOL!
"constant disequilibrium" = digital library -- todd grappone and yes, that's a good thing ...
David Sedaris isn't fiction or non-fiction, the way I see it. He's a humorist. Completely different responsibility to hard reality.
Make a wish! ;)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who's white and has a race misunderstanding...
JVG for the win. I hope he coaches the Knicks, but I hope he stays in broadcasting, too.
Good Morning Tweeters!!
DELETE THAT NOW
Peer pressure is a bitch and she is my best friend
The Awkward Moment When Your Ex Texts Yuh A Month After Yuh Guys Broke Up.
Sorry Veggie friends but iron from meat is more bio-available than iron from vegetable sources so supplements are the best insurance.
Same here. Sucks big time.
Real. Let me get u 2 listen 2 30 seconds of this track & hook. Hold me down like that on some #504 shit.
Working on some new songs and creating a youtube account, videos will be posted soon:)
RT Ive never been poor, only broke-Being poor is a frame of mind-Being broke is a temporary situation -Mike Todd
no worries! We ended up rescheduling the event. Can we keep you on the list of interested speakers?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to be the life of the party
"You have built your own Prison of Perception. But you—and you alone—have the power to break free."
Follow me first please and I will follow Back :)
really dumb and dumber two? Fucking yeah :-)))
is so sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
yw. Great presentation.
Crap..I have my window open and the neighbors are using their grill...
I got my finger up, I don't really give a fuck.
Thank you & for the best year of my life. #MFFL since 1991, ready for the next trip.
3 days to summer, and there are no clouds coming. not literally, of course.
I'm going to go this weekend!
Ugh I hate headaches. Like kill me now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
If the weather is gorgeous for you today like it is in CLT...get outside!! Watch your college football but get outside between games:)
MT : #CNI12s panel: National Status of Data Management: Current Research in Policy & Education, Mon. at 2:45 with &
Up Early!
: Heck yeah!!! That one will for sure make it on the new album
Work at 12 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lol!! I am! RT : such an honor to be sitting So close the superstar/worldtraveler himself
Don't ask me to explain myself, because I don't want to say where I'm going.
FREEK A LEEK (it took me a minute to remember the name of the song...)
agreed RT : D-Wade can't keep getting a pass.
when don't you want to want to go to a "sketchy strip club"? Haha
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
Love it!
I need to eat sum
#HealthTip Men should drink #GreenTea regularly in order to help prevent the development of
Aye bro, we're trying to roll out at 7. Cool?
Drat. I was going to submit, but I don't arrive back from Austin until five days later. Sad face.
thats that funk
No one wins the pool tonight. Is it too late for me to place a bet?
I think the NBA would love to see a lebron-kobe finals. I think they are gonna make it happen!
I'm tired of this feeling.....
P680: Well that was...enlightening
I wish I still believed... I'm pretty confident that he's just another among the countless bank-owned politicians in DC
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply
Why is everyone looking at me strange now that I'm wearing this mistletoe belt?
June 13-19 ships will come up to #Baltimore from Norfolk and high school students will go out on tours of the Harbor.
At what point does Apple just remove the "i" from iPhone? $AAPL
I have so much homework to do but im so tired! :(
Talk about addiction, I can't turn my ps3 off. I have no life. Lol
Has arrived in the BIG APPLE! Lots of ideas for 2012!!!
I want to meet the lady who does the voice for all the recorded voicemail companies.
RT : Ironic, apparently 'world peace' means elbow to the head
Political circle, pow pow I'm gonna network and blow up. I'm creating my own circle
March 1931 The Star Spangled Banner becomes the National Anthem
I love it when a women has a scent or smell when she passes
cool I'll do it now.
New post on Museum Commons. Where is Trayvon Martin in our museums and social media? http//museumcommons.blogspot.com.
Make the play first, then decide if it was impossible
lol proud of what? I told you I didn't even ask to be her date or anything. We were just making small talk
Been asleep all day :')
Can You Go On YouTube To Your Channel And Subscribe To Me As SingOrSwim1 Please(MUST SEE) (MUST SEE) (MUST SEE) (MUST SEE) PLZ
Oh. I forgot you were only talking about basketball.
Disney studio chief quits after &#39;bombs&#39;
Thank you for the invitation! My excitement is beyond measure:-)
I like burnt caramels.
I miss you too. I've been waiting for Jillian to tell me a day for us to go to Cedar Point. I'm getting impatient!
Going to be good and work out before playtime
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? - From the movie 'What a girl wants'.
What did one amorous flea say to the other?I love you aw-flea.
Praise Jesus!! He is so good :D He listens to us and answers our prayers.
They should have a link to one of their social media sites on their Skillshare profile.
but i'll be polite
obsessed with gavin degraw right now<3
Listening back to unreleased amazing tracks from &
My man, favor returned anytime juss let me know...
tweet longer than 140 letters?Ive seen other people do it, but i dont know how..i cant find it on search..thanks! Jill Moser
New Book &quot;Capturing Community&quot; by Michael Silverman Teaches Marketers How to Build a Dynamic Online Community
Wow...I definitely just slept through a presentation I was supposed to give. This is my worst semester ever.
has a fat ass pussy in her avi
Also, the 5Live interviewer is idiotic. "What challenges does Galloway face in representing the people of Bradford?" That's not his concern.
Note to self: don't handle dishes or cups. You will break them. Its a curse i swear! Lol
May your walls know joy, may every room hold laughter, and every window open to great possibility -- Mary Anne Radmacher
Getting really close with #OksanaG... mostly just revisions and reflections at this point.
Kobe is 1 of 3 guards to have a gm this yr with 25+ FGA and <2 assists (Monta, K Martin) - and he's done it twice already.
What a great play by Corey "The Condor" Hart! Wow
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. ~ Anonymous
Fear is nonexistant until you give it life.
No matter what you do, I'll be there for you When the world starts bringing you down, I'll be there to stop, and lift you off the ground <3
m Noah's pizza for lunch today always an office favorite!
Hey Subway - your TV ads with the alarm clock sound cure my $5 foot-long cravings. Stop it. Just stop it.
Question for #caps fans. Is it Holtby's job to lose next year as the starter?
I'm in Portland :-)
I keep watching "Top Ten _______ Video Games" videos on YouTube. Good way to spend a night alone. =P
Might be making that move sooner than I thought
#team strong
Going to the gym before starting to work with Lightroom.
: Wonderful evening! "You've Got Mail" is on WE tonight!!!
me too, but I try to rub it in my hands. sometimes it helps
Nathan and I had a blast at Wallops Flight Facilty today!!! That place is awesome!!!!
I have to agree.
Thinks only non-Southerners will question my packing the box set of UA’s championship football season for the trip to Palm Springs.
Cereal helps prevent high #blood pressure, especially whole grain cereals rich in fiber. / Harvard University research.
RT You releasing any acapellas from church clothes?
The staff of are having a latte art throwdown this Sunday at 6 pm ... public welcomed to watch.
WE SURE DO!!!!!!! I will txt you when i can or when ur available.
Goin all in on this Derby.
hi I met you briefly at ITC in Feb. Any way I can beam into your presentation next week?
I hate it when I get into major creeper mode and stalk insanely. But it's bcuz I love him with all my heart <33 lol :)) xD
wait, what? Taco City?!? Sign them up for BIG Deals!
You bet I could ;-)
Can u get out of my life.
notice my existence love <3 ((:
no, but when we all step up it makes the Barra the Barra! :-) just know I appreciate u! :p
Thanks for your support!
I used to wear my hair red before I got married... brows and all. it was so cute.... SEE! Now you are about to make it me make a run.
That's why the nation needs to shape-up RT@ TamelaJ Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have. - Winston Churchill
There is no time limit on love. Love gets better with time. The greater we understand love, the better it gets, no matter what happened.
u aint follow me yet fool
Thanks to everyone that came into the tap room this weekend. The vibe you created was amazing.
Now we Ridin down to the lakefront with my guy bumpin Jeezy
thank you girl! :)
Why is brother next to me drinking a juice bottle full of sunflower seeds like it's chocolate milk? How is this even possible? I'm confused!
Sen Ed Comm: Sen. Bob Bacon to offer amdmt to school funding bill that would set up cost study of complying with Lobato decision.
I had a similar reaction: I never shopped at Borders because it didn't feel bookish to me, but I hate to see any bookstore close.
Anyone watching with Joran van der Sloot's batty guardian angel? She needs her own show, please.
To get what you really want, you must say "NO" to what you don't want.
Watching #GhostAdventures while listening to
kegs is just waiting for you to. lol. like really.
Ream #TOWIE love that show. Haha
sure thing. #howdoyoulikeyoursteak?
Oh this is how it starts lighting strikes the heart it goes of like a gun brighter than the sun I love this song so much! <3 <3
Don't worry. I think Tumblr is less intuitive than other platforms. It took me some experimenting to understand how things work.
Bells black note at Harris grille. Hell yeah.
Agreed if we're going to follow the Bible y not follow it fully? Those against gays r pick & choose Christians
Pizza deliveries will start at 3pm Sunday for the Superbowl.
Q5: Luckily only minor spill in sand. Guess what? 700 x 23cc tires and deep sand don't go together well.
having a monster to keep it steppin !!!
Paris is freezing!! I haven't felt this cold of air on my cheeks since my last NYC winter. Ah, memories.
I plan on watching a lot of it, Haupt Deutschland!!
nice write up on so many Detroit docs!
Hello new book idea. Are you the reason I can't finish Nothing Like Flying? Time for a coffee house, too much tea and some head phones.
how about felipa massa could possibly lose his job to Fernando Alonso
Happy New Year tweetie birds!!!!!!
Cheers to local beer!
How goes it out there in shlemiel-shlimazl-land?
Tomorrow is my last day living on the edge! I'm a little sad about it.
why is the sxsw film badge $200 cheaper than music or interactive?
I wanna cum on your denim overalls & pigtails.
I need an eye exam! And glasses! Make me an appointment and then take me to the place, mum.
Waiting for plane next to a guy on phone. He had a meeting @ Facebook NYC, said graffiti artist who did a wall there paid in stock options.
Paramore has been my version of coffee this morning.
Took my headphones/mic home over the weekend. Forgot to throw them in my bag this morning. No music in my cube. Sad.
Day 2 of Wine & Dine Wisconsin, and we have a few tickets to give away! Let us know if you want them, we'll raffle off a winner at 10:15!
its all G homie!!!!! Gotta fuck w da Home Team!
Tonight, Orchards Ballroom in Chambersburg, PA is the place to be: Hierosonic & LOVEHATETHING blow a hole in the earth!!
Someone needs to come up with and disburse umbrella rules, do I raise it or not?
LAZY AS HELL RIGHT NOW NEEDS GET UP AND DO SOMETHING
Text me hoe !
you already have 50 followers lmao!
I wish I cared about how I swear every other word
As well as any class ending close to rush hour.
I work in the entertainment industry. I don't hobby in the entertainment industry. If you need the diff explained, you don't work in it.
hahah seriously.. let it be me. NOW.hahaha
I will wait and give Kyle Flood a chance. Did a great job with sigining day.
My ESPN ScoreCenter just sent me a notification that Backstrom just score to give the Caps a 2-0 lead....odd
My son broke his wrist at soccer practice thank goodness no surgery necessary it was a clean break meaning it will heal on its own!!
Hey ladybug how are you?
Nice! All the way till the last week of the year! RT : booking talent on the 21st of December. Woo Hoo!
RT : Tonight will be awesome for running group 6:30pm from the store. Excellent run AND Saucony wear test...
just got kicked out of the Zoo! How was I supposed to know that real hippos don't actually eat marbles?
The karma of fucking over a good woman, is the bitch u end up with
Chef Powell will be here until the end of March. We would love to see you before then ... or anytime after for that matter!
Getting ready for T. Rains
Just to say, both sides would lose if Newcastle/Man City were to end in draw...
Same. Nothing. Let's drink?
A pretty woman without makeup is.. Is like a needle in a haystack... Almost impossible to find.
#MyPastRelationships were a waste of my time
New profile picture sponsored by Red Bull, the year 2005 and cotton rib tank tops.
- Um, are e-mail servers down or something? I haven't been able to get into my Windstream account since last night.
flirting with other people while you're in a relationship is not okay and never will be.
Gets a follow and shoutout :) cause she found it! Participate in my Emoticon game! iPhone compatible, sorrys :/
Almost time for workout 2
I do not like green eggs and ham, but that hasn't helped me figure out what you are going on about.
85lbs is a lot though. U act like its around the corner lol
love it<3
I always go with a mid priced Bordeaux or Malbec for those occasions. (depends on the person) corks be damned. ;)
He make mistake kissing beautiful AJ? Is that mistake you, too, would make, Sheikie? Doesn't seem like mistake to me.
Flavors at Harvard Sq: Gingerbread and Pumpkin Pie!
I will always place the mission first.
Obama proposes cutting the MIC. He caused no wars: only responded in a limited and cautious manner (lybia).
thanks for following and your work in LAUSD!
the best. RT holy cow so excited for our joint birthdays where everyone will drink so much and then drown in it.
RT : CountDown~5 more days till Step Up Album~New Single "Up" by
just like your blue devils
Welcome! Get UR fresh batteries & grooming done B4 U come to #smbmad #ford -
likewise can't wait to do it again! X
I have 35 followers... No one wants to be my friend.. congrats on 2k
Gotta a photoshoot all set up here! What a great Birthday!!
i think it's time too change avi's......?!!
Happy birthday
Can you mentor a book for me pretty please?!
Aww Nanny I am so sorry but I really can't D= Im so sorry :(
no dances = no Abu Dhabi from me! I'll rep for Dubai then, soooowooo DubDubDubai! <U+E409>
Hi everyone! kula is #Chicago's peer-to-peer, here-and-now social marketplace. Glad to be joining again!
i don't wanna write this thesis ):
I love you too and you're a bigger whore.
you did the right thing, Dad!
well now that's just obscene.
Congrats to & Nice run Great burnout Kyle!!! Thanks for the updates Boris. Appreciate it
don't hate
How can I get some beats your way ? Dm me
Wizards fans need to take a step back and realize no team will want to take on an extra 8mill in salary in a trade for Rashard Lewis
It's Friday!!! And it's my last day at this job!!!!!!
2/15/1773->J. Dalton: As a Subscriber who meant to lay the foundn of a Family Pew in the New Church I shall think myself Injurd
watch 45 mins the other night, they blast it out in that film. The Superman tank top!
I put up with vicious bullies in school. I don't want to put up with one in the White House.
Just heard someone in the Blogger Lounge say "I don't have a tweeter account".
Btw - Subway characterizations were very entertaining and delightfully self-aware.
Fiddler won't tell me anything about what your client is doing though -- what I'm curious about is specifically what your
I dont see the reasoning behind the browns and vikings trade if the browns do pick trent. They gave away 3 of their picks for no
Watching AP's livestream- Wolfgang Puck, you are making me drool, sir!
but u make me laugh.
Watching "Boston Celtics at Philadelphia 76ers" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
:( im coming back on Saturday but you not gonna be there :(
well I don't mean you of course! I'm mainly talking about guys
If everyone who said they were going to buy my book today actually did, I'd have sold twice as many. Sigh.
U/D Baylis - Correct address is 1200 blk 150'x75' warehouse. HAZMAT unit requested for chemical drums involved.
BBJ just launched a new twitter site for advertising and branding!
Rangers game with boyfriend<3
:( hum, I miss my dad a whole lot I wish he was here with me. :/
Jay Leno isn't the same with out u.
Why do people feel the need to bash an 18 year old kid just because he didn't go to the school you wanted him to?!
I really hope makes a good "I'll Take Another" reference in sports. Don't disappoint me.
Congrats babe, and good luck on the interview! Where is it?
someone from the Vampire Diaries is nominated for an Emmy?
"Let's play some sweet music for the ladies." -Noah (talking to his friend, Owen, referring to my best friend [Owens mom, Meghan] and I.)
Live your life with no regrets, take chances, breathe in love, and exhale hate. The only one looking back at you in the mirror is you <U+2665>
operation sleep in was successful! Now its operation be productive with my day. ;-)
oh I have but still she got way mad at me.
Thanks buddy!..I think its Cubs/Sox VS NATO this afternoon..
That's pretty much it. I'm a walking distaster. Or a limping disaster, rather.
Speak with candor... Packers got Woodson on a killer deal. Do not think Mario will be a deal
viewer tweets on air launches tonight on CBS 58's Ten at 10:00
Mom: fine I 'll cheer for the Kings.
INDITN TRUST YOU
Egg Shakers & Tambourine: ordered.
Lets change the world...one asshole at a time!!! juliet dillinger
you and are just amazing follow me please!!!
two ways: 1) worried they think i'm an addict 2) happy they think i'm a good sleuth.
When me and were close >> How we are now :/
It's Friday, I'm in love.
We at #Echelon3000 tomorrow celebrating Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night !
People need to quit lieing on facebook and twitter dont get me to clowning on here...i will tell you what is real..
#Tampa friends! Don't miss & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave SATURDAY 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
What casting directors do you need to meet this year? How are you going to do it?
Back in the HOME STUDIO TODAY!, Album is almost finished!! is anyone gettin excited!!?? We are still open to more suggestions on the title!
you not drunk enough.
Happy Mothers Day *Wet Willie*
The reunions really need to become series
Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Millennia Atlantic University!
i never got to say this i love you
Tonight is Ladies Night!!!! cranking great music. Our famous Reverse Happy Hour 7-11pm!!!!!!
Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter and now #NickiComeBack is trending.Poor kids in Africa get no attention. So GET OVER IT ! She's not dead.
this day just went to hell!! definitely going down as one of the worst :[
Yes! Would be a great way to sample his prolific and incredible body of work. Can be hard to find.
Just a reminder that Electric Soul plays tonight from 9pm-12am and tomorrow night you can catch Rocky Mantia Duo! Have a great weekend.
lol it's cold tho! I get so lazy when it rains. P:
If you are paying $4 you are being ripped off. Gas is lower at most stations.
It's amazing how much time writing and responding to emails takes up.
This isn't goodbye, I promise.</3
looks like that jumper is carrying over from last night. Saginaws finest.
Cosplay Dresses Drop As Playfulness in Latest Life | cheapmoncle
RT "Nothing is a greater stranger to my breast…than that…detestable one, ingratitude." - George Washington
Fuddy Meers Preview at GMU was a hit tonight! Had a great audience - laughed in all the right places!
Stuck in Hell's intersection. Aka Wilshire and the 405. Welcome back to L.A.
cooked to order, can't beat it...personally, I go straight to Hard Rock, cuz I'm there for the fish tacos ; )
Australasian Aquaculture Awards Winners Announced - PerishableNews (press release)
Ok cool!
And I am totally okay with that because I know you're fake and you just won't admit it. So much for nothing.
I'll ask if he never sees it. I'll do something tomorrow
just cause she like dick dnt make her a hoe
No need to wait an hour during the week! We open at 7 a.m. everyday!
congratulations on the #Lowes spot! The song sounds just as good as I remember from
Can't tell if I understand you. For me, spin is tiring but doesn't cross a line. OTOH, can think of some who seem to take [+]
After this weekend, I'll be surprised if Fox plays any theaters they don't have to. It's not looking good ($100k in 2 weeks).
Who died and made you Mr. Philosopher?RT In life we have decisions to make, paths to take and opportunities to take advantage of.
WHOEVER SAID THAT HEATING PADS HELP CRAMPS WERE A BITCHY LIAR
i want u too take over control
Congratulations, sounds like a great move that will have positive impact for Visioneering and ministries!
He's already better than Mikki Moore
merry christmas eve! <U+2665>
gag? it's what we do. we even pretend to swallow but we really have a little pocket reserve in the mouth to spit out later.
fuck manchester united.
A nigga got to have his own spot, so a bitch cant kick you out! Lol
Groundhog day! Start thinking about #summer start thinking about summer camp with
love you too
you guys should come back to portland(: you have a lot of fans here.!
Only the good die young
You have no idea what I go threw everyday
Faaack i forgot to feed my egg baby
AWESOME RIDE DUDE!
yea w.e
my mom would never let me have red hair haha! Idk why.
I totally get u :/
Menopause the Musical tonight at The Hillman Center at 7:00PM. Tickets still available online or at the door. See you there!...
Now comes the hard part: actually putting it on paper.
aw Shayan I miss you too :(
October 16th, 2003 - Aaron Boone becomes on the fifth player and second Yankee to end a post season with a walk-off home run.
#Filmmaking is problem-solving first - all the creativity/uniqueness/art flows in naturally...AFTER the problems have been solved :)
We have 2 new servers ready vpn-sf55 & vpn-sf56 Dynamic IP PPTP/L2TP/SSTP server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
There is so much wrong with that statement, I don't even know where to start.
I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't.
good words
milk last night (dead ass, I tweeted it) but only water that one time geez
Stay speeding , Rolling up that good weed . . . That shit stuck in my head lol !
God I love him(:
Check out Tumblr! New post w/pics and videos from the last #BingNewMusic show w/ and Tunnels!
i got it:)
Mark Leggott discussing "Hylandora" the Hydra \ Islandora interoperability initiative at #dcfedora11 users group meeting
By the looks of it, is living in the dining room #moveout :)
This one going to myself!!! I<U+2764>me Some Me
nice toe bro
"All my bitches bangin... are all yo bitches bangin?" Y'all call into 97.9 the beat & K104 and request Ricochet- "She Bangin".. !!! #leggo !
...many thought that would be enough to open his eyes to the moderate path. Hasn't been to date, but maybe in the future.
Thankful that my friends were able to go to church with me this morning and praise &worship God with me :)
Looks like he wanted a big hug from boychuck
thanks my friend!:D
how was it???
I put the fun in frustration. It's in there somewhere. Trust me. Keep looking. Go on.
Im in the blue and yellow of course
I want to go on a date
looks great. Merry Christmas.
Fall in love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
nothing better than waking up to 11:11 playing :D why don't you say were more than friends?(; such a great tune!:D
Muddy shoes, damp shorts, bruised bones, paint everywhere but just had an awesome time paintballing with all my brothers in
Maybe not bozo the clown... but probably still a clown
get some chicken nuggets, & chapotle sauce with it
Working from home today, tonight hosting 1st of two fantasy football drafts over the weekend and the MN State Fair on Sunday.
If your a true belieber show UR support by following me and Thanks for the support guys #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER;)))
are u in the offices???
yo haha follow me that where i tweet now
I love wheels! #Rangers cc:
Akira in Seattle...I mean Telekinetic American Pie...I mean I Know What You Did Last Cloverfield...I mean Chronicle...was pretty good.
how could you ever forget me and letnek?!SERIOUSLY!we are the only girls still around from gow1 oh wait ur a gow2 kid HA
Excellent! Glad they hit the spot!
that's great! (not to brag, but Maria's the best! Oh. And so are you!)
I like everything that has no style: dictionaries, photographs, nature & my paintings (because style is violence & I am not violent)
prove it!
Only 8 weeks until I get 8 blessed days in New York City. Home is where the heart is. So my real home is in my chest. Which is going to NY.
I need six more
sometimes I still can't believe you're all grown up. You were only 14 when I became a fan.
Sounds hilarious. Can't wait to see it!
OH SHIT THE TIGERS DIDN'T SCORE THERE! WE'RE FUCKED!
It's OK. You guys can continue your pathetic libel / slandering of #Braun across your "variety" of BS networks
I bet my daughter would put you to shame... Swearing, not drinking.
Tony Parker I Hope You Cheated On That Tiger Woods Level Because Nowadays Ain't Nothing Else Acceptable...
you know lol
go follow Anna she haves a lil penis lol (inside joke) no but really shit a good friend and she funny go right now follow her
aha why thankyou ;)
This rain is making me feel more depressed.
Haha. one batting glove or one infield glove?
orange skittes are the best skittles!
Do u have a friend who is a social worker? Remember to wish them a Happy Social Work Day today!
thanks miss!! And yes it is! Makes it easier for everyone to succeed and this the beer having!!!
Talk about supporting local! RT : Not only referred some guys fro out of town to McNellies, I Had my Hostess drive them in my car!
Hoping will follow me ~fingers crossed~
that photo makes me want to make a tiny surf terrarium! Good to see you. Come north again soon!
lol nope I'm great :)
Dont become a victim of yourself...ask yourself if the direction you are going is really what you want and not what someone else wants.
lol its likes a waterfall when you make it cum '
Get it girl! I admire your dedication!!
#scamalert says fake Microsoft techs calling about computer errors, then billing consumers' credit cards for phony fixes
Hope you prove all wrong. But you've already scored in life.
Go Mompreneur! There really area some great tools available to us!
This new twitter mobile is weird
If you call yourself a classy bitch, there's a chance its false.
RT : Anyway you look at it, the photos will eventually surface. The question is not will they, but how will they...
9 hour shift... bye world.
is on a tear at the #blackjack tables It's his first time ever playing. This, folks, is what I do!
Yes, I thought that was quite obviious!
MUCH better! RT : VIP passes to100th Anniversary #Indy500 includ. meet & greet all current & past drivers. That'd be good.
for real? Dude, we should, like, totally hang out and play music together.
With all the recent cancellations at the Rave, I feel like they're gonna be out if business soon. Very shady place.
Caleb, you look like a kid in a scary movie. I feel like a creepily sung nursery rhyme should be playing in the background
Why is one of the girls on #LexingtonPoliceScanner talking with a sexy 1-900-CallMe4aGoodTime voice??
I love it when I have a GENIUS book idea before 8am ;-) Great way to start the day.
do you know if they will have it back up in time?
Looking forward to another weekend that is dedicated to wood floors.
where can I see pictures of these smokers?
More the $350 off cabins on the Incredible Allure of the Seas 14 cabins remaning ask me for more info.
Red line friday10 o'clock maintenance makes the 830 metro really crowded.
You too and be safe
Stepped on a fucking tack barefoot. -_- Thug!
Sounds plausible.
What are you planning for #springbreak 2011???
Planning a dinner party, hanging out with my grammy, waiting on a new phone. I mean obvs I can't hold on to a phone for more than 15 minutes
Wendell Berry: The value of freedom is probably not intrinsic and is certainly not limitless....
what up
Best song of 2011?
are there a lot of people there?!
Just as in life, fitness is a journey taken a step at a time. Be patient.....Be consistent!! www.befit-chicago.com
hi emily..
Watched my child wrestle a boy to the ground yesterday. Krav Maga rocks!
One of golf's greatest challenges is the immense complexity of the rules
energy kitchen did not give me energy
yeah I think maybe we will just to go the rodeo part and walk the grounds a bit. Next year we will do the concerts.
It was great - thanks so much!!
Its Monday nite...where am I off to?....KARAoke of course ;-)
..since #craigjames didn't make a complete ass of himself this week,did you feel compelled to make up the difference with rant
My uncle's cat is most likely getting put down later today. He's had her for 18+ years and she's nothing but skin and bones now. :(
I'm pulling for Manchester.
Neither. I still think they have the tools to beat OKC. Kendrick injury helps them. Lakers have complacency problems
exactly right, framing the story like that is somewhat of a misrepresentation.
When I was a kid? Constantly.
I HAVE to get TF out this house!
congratulations Thomas Robinson ....good luck Monday night!
There's no game like golf: you go out with three friends, play eighteen holes, and return with three enemies.
100 Innings of Baseball, final score: Team Lembo 98, Team Rudy 93.
In another dimension we just stayed home.
OMFG u're killing me!!!!! U seriously make my day ur so sweet its too much thanks <3 <3
Loving the discussion of geotemporal visualization.
I Just Cut The Grass & Gave It A Hairline' . #LOL .
I'm about to see Scre4m. Have any of my followers seen it? How was it!? Thanx!
RT I just want to meet a nice girl who hates the same stuff as me.
Wow for a second I thought it was only Tuesday!! #HappyHumpDay everyone
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 65
Jeff Goldblum and I literally just ran smack into each other on the street. No, sparks did not fly.
My aunt and uncle got engaged after knowing each other for 2 weeks. they've been married for over ten years. I guess you know when you know
Demand vs. capacity: one of the k,ey points to consider in quantifying total cost of ownership in sourcing decision
Cool things today! Got some to-do's accomplished!
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
Baby Showers In A Few So Many To Go To Oh Boy ! LOl Today Should Be fun
Back in RI
So, like, is a good follow?
Homework, mall later maybe?
Solar Resale Value study released by LBNL says solar adds $5.50 per watt to a home's resale value, $17,000. Thanks for this study, Ben Hoen.
15 minutes in, and Veep is already my favorite spring show.
Apparently there is some kind of cotton shortage. I should get them in any day now.
Work ethnic unmatched.
: true that thanks!
We're happy to announce that is moving into and working with ! We're so excited to get started!
Planning a Barbie party for my daughters. They're way too excited.
1 thing I dislike about living in Hawaii. So much has happened in the world already and I'm just waking up and it's only 7:30a...lol
:-). It had a nice sense of place - feeling is key. Keep shooting. :-)
#first40songsonshuffle 16. fall out boy - sophomore slump or comeback of the year
:) RT Heard got that Juice on the track!! Good stuff.
Great Skins game so far... I have a good feeling about this one!
been reading netgalley a couple mos. now and I'm picking lots of debuts - Poisoned Pen has some very solid ones
Pizza, beer, or sports. Which could you never live without?
Cheat sheet for debating politics in Oklahoma: Democrats? demonic, gay-lovin' baby-killers. Republicans? Idiots...but they're our idiots
Thanks I needed that this morning.
If you start texting yourself, we may need to have an intervention. ... seriously, it was such a load off to carry one phone around.
I can stannd u! , but love u mama <3
At 5:30 we will make radio history. That is all. Listen.
Good morning AM Tweeps . We are following breaking news. See you 5-7am #Seau -the latest
Happy #FF Thanks for the interactions!
um hi
I will get it back. :-)
thank u! RT Best Atlanta Steeplechase Chairman's Tent EVER! Thanks to and Cheers!
Nowadays, the sex comes easy, but love is hard to find.
sure can!
when there's trust, there's betrayal.
OK. Snark aside. I'm continually astounded about how much Southwest Airline employees seem to genuinely like the employer.
that is how it starts. You get the 'bug' early and you never get over it...
Tommorow i get the white iPhone 4 and i get to see the one who means the most to me (: sounds like a great day to me! #cantwait!
RT : *a mans is only as good as his word*
revision overload
Im Amazing! (: And How About You? (:
I feel your pain :(
I would sign you. ;)
I love them!!! I also love pecan pancakes, you should try them
her grandfather
Totally bro'd down on the phone with the guitarist from Pennywise right now, bro.
I love the Amazing Race. Much deserved winners this time!
galliano is one of the best designers
My boyfriend just told me he gets scared wen i drink that imma get hurt or sick. i agreed i wont drink anymore. He's worth it<3
I was thinking of going up there too but was unsure if it would offer a good viewing spot.
Who would of ever thought....
great shoot today guys, thx so much!
the carpet is quite impressive - there's a vine pattern throughout?
RT ": i wish i could up & leave. new city, new faces, new every fuckin' thing!"
oh k, imma go.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
- I could feel the good thoughts from afar! Love you too, Kat. Whatcha doin' tonight?
Reading Malcolm Gladwell's "Outliers" which is super awesome and interesting. If you've read it, geek out with me
At least they got the correct team. Just the wrong decade.
I miss you too!! Somedays I want to come back... Do you need an ASM?
Sorry for the mix up! We pulled the page down temporarily to updated the prizes! We will tweet it out when it's ready.
Thanks. :) I agree. He makes me a haaaaapppyyy girl. Haha
Semi-non-rhetorical question: When is it preferable to bind a 'click' event instead of 'mousedown'? Mousedown feels so much more responsive.
you are amazing at what you do. You are honestly an inspiration. And please to Toledo, Ohio sometime. <21
where can I buy more full o' sheep yarn? My scarf project is going well!
Where'd it go?
Paypal...fantastic tool, HORRIBLE back-end.
Today I woke up and there was snow on my car. If I try to wear summer clothing, will that make the weather warm up?
Wondering why GIMP opens about 5 times faster on Linux than it does on Windows when the Windows install has no plugins.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Psalm 100 GB²
Lend me your hand and we'll conquer them all, but lend me your heart and I'll just let you fall.
I can use most of what I've already written, but I need to figure out where it goes, how to tweak it, etc. Will have to do that >
You know it's time to do laundry when you've been borrowing your boyfriend's socks for 3 days..oops!
Good Morning!
Excellent Leo, thanks a lot for the info. Have been interested in Camara Obscura lately. :)
in Bed watching movies!
Really? Teaching your kid how to steal gas from cars?! These people are insane
yes :))) I want toast
the world is yours is classic!!!! All your albums classic!
RT : Yesterday we gained 60+ followers, but we're still well behind C'mon #mizzou! Love #ClubEllis? Follow & RT!
Wow! Such devotion. What's the movie? Is that what's doing it?
If I can touch a life today and encourage them to fight to live and not die then my living was not in vain
I knew you were the Truth and nothing but the TRUTH from day one! #LakersLose < <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> bawhaha #TodayIsGonnaBeAwesome <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Screaming "We Like Ike" for Ike Davis and the guy in front of us named Ike...
got tickets to concert of #Basia Trzetrzelewska in Chicago. Exciting
Crappy start to the month of December.
I just put my reusable shopping bags in the dryer<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> not sure that I was supposed to do that. *crosses fingers*
Thanks to , I just viewed a set of newly digitized C19 cartoons on a big screen: zoom-zoom.
me++ for using the word 'queue' in whatever context I feel like
Hey Lady...
When this song come on I'm spendin money..
Home alone woo
RT : Your missing william on the piano and good wine. Get out of the rain here with the great music. It's wet outside but no ...
Join us for the tip-off party, which begins at five, or if you can't make it to that, come to the Official After party - in honor of #Grizz!
You guys are doing terrific work
help me out please bro i need more followers
Sick. In bed. So tired. Can't sleep. Feverish. Delirious. Can't eat. I love Taking care of me.
-- given Gambit Scheme's excellent integration with C/C++ it might be a good foundation for testing from lisp.
I. Feel. Sick.
i'm still washing off sequins when i shower & my kids ask why i'm wearing makeup when i haven't put on makeup since sunday
Hi, Nora. I hope your presentation goes well. BTW, Really enjoyed the Creative Hubs piece on this week's episode.
i like that fire up beat. itd sound raw as hell if u used Orchestral VST for you brass so it dont sound like an SF
Number Two rated Eli Manning.
": 45 comics at this mic. Resolitions have officially started." Ha! That's funny... But are they?
If only would get its customer service act together.
Plus so much stuff is online these days.
Dr. Evil You know, I have one simple request. And that is to have sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their heads Now e
Just saw a commercial for a new Internet Explorer... #barf On the otherhand...love the #BigBangTheory, HILARIOUS tonight!
thats not even working 4 their own that's working 4 the enemy 4 daily bread. to be deprived of rights to b @ such an early age is a
Discovered yesterday that consuming 2 massive salads throughout the day makes you go poopy in your pantsies
then send it to me!
SMH. too many injuries and bad calls for Pittsburgh to overcome in the first half.
$4 red white n blu bombs, $4 bombsickle shots $4 mimisa and $5 bloody. wish we were at the festival drink PBR with everyone
We've reached the climax, were together now were undone. wont committ so we choose to run away.. dont wanna give in so we both gave up
Just be yourself
Angry breakups make for the best work outs - ran 6 miles and did weights! any1 wanna date me and break up right be4 my next trip to the gym?
White House has released President's birth certificate again. Trump said he would show tax returns, when Obama showed certificate. Waiting!
Good weather tomorrow for Marine Corps Marathon.
Got the Sunday blues? Stop by U-Swirl and turn those blues into smiles with a cup of froyo.
What will this time be called I don't know. But I call is Potential. The Potential Era. That can be one. Through Crisis, and through turmoil
thanks!! I am always down for some games
The yougurt that i drink at night <
Q2c Brands also forget (or don't know) to use keywords - even if it is branded keywords in #Facebook Posts
I'm unusually jittery and anxious. Can't sleep.
#oomf is in a bad mood I guess imma talk to myself :/
Have some great dining gaget ideas for babies the elderly & handicapped.
You have to agree.... I know you wanted to say it to someone a time or two lol.
Thx for the response. Did you retweet this? :-|
hey it could be friday ;) call in 'well' tomorrow and enjoy a 3 day weekend, i might, i have some errands to run anyway
wish I was there with you!
and top 2 for sure!
u rock. Humor is THE aphrodisiac. Why aren't any of u single?? Hello Larry David, wherever u r
LOL good advice:)": lmao.. Word 2 the wise never eat what Mother n Law cooks!!!!"
I LOVE YOU!!!! why don't you get that?!?! Txt me you jerk!
that would be fucking awesome, but so far it might just be me and maybe Andrew left. Contact me at xoxo- Tori
hosting the open jam at Bobby Rockets tonight ! 9pm
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky
I continue to challenge myself with Jäger when I'm partying. It's undefeated... 7543574 - 0
You have an INCREDIBLE voice! Saw you in house in fall & listening to bcast now. (jaw hanging open)
can't wait to see this movie!
Remembering the Challenger tragedy today. Working on story about an inspiring Maple Grove teacher who brings passion for space to classroom.
I am the only person that I saw that did not bring glass or alcohol or wear flip flops or wear t shirst w/ logos or big prints that's why...
Honesty pays dividends both in dollars and in peace of mind. -B. C. Forbes
Sitting in my massage chair ah. Today is going to be a good day. Everything is coming into my life just the way I want it.
"yo look it's a rabbit<U+263A> *points to tree* no wait... That's a squirrel<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> *runs to bus stop*" HAHAHAHAHA this kid
Going to bed and waking up with a headache is the worst.
Shuttle then Airport, headed bk to GA!!!!!
are you on the Guy that has the same name as you side? :l
RT : Training the articulators for rapid productions is necessary to facilitate target sounds automatically in...
Trying my hardest to find work. Gotta provide for me and mine.
hey thanks so much for lunch. It was great to get to see you and not be in a huge hurry at a show.
Gwen Zepeda, Sergio Troncoso sign APP booth 1300 #TXLA12 10:30; in Latino Lit program Gwen up in 5 min to read from Last Man I Slept With...
TO THE MOON BIT!!
In LA for 24 hours. Hit me up!
Hey:) big fan it's great tht the ICONic Boyz are still going and living the dream! I hope to meet you guys really soon.(YOLO);)
that is me every class...sometimes my students bring me back on topic!
Just realized I can listen to 94.1 The Edge online... Way better than Pandora.
I unfollow bitches who are in a relationships, post love or couple pics
I have the best boyfriend ever!!!
you should probably get tested
Doing bird makeup on my sisters. YOLO
Congrats on 2.5 million followers i love u and I'm always here for u
OMFG YOU OUTTA THE WATER SEA CREATURE I HOPE YOU HAVE FUN READING THIS TWEET CUZ IM DNE I HAVE A LIFE YA FUGLY PRECIOUS LOKKING ASS DNT!!!!
I dont know what looked more beautiful your home or your family!! The desk in your office is the perfect piece!!
thanks for the RT, my dear!
So tired. Lol
Plz vote for perseus ..... Isn't he cute ? :) thank you ..
lol u sound mad!!
Kimmi actually became one of my favorites :)
Photography is such a great hobby!
Glad to see #DrivingAmerica exhibit talking about a future that doesn't necessarily depend on cars
I think it's on 137?
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special & showing her respect
-hugs an kisses cheek- you dooing better?
Nada como ir a comer tacos a El Califa de Bosques con dos mujeres hermosas
Money bitch
thank you for making cabin in the woods. Finally some original HORROR!
No way! So fun!
One of those days that happens twice a month that I hate.
": Heyy do you have extensions ?"
I may not be a skinny as you, or as brave as you. but the thing is, I don't wanna be like you!
These Cookies Smell Fye!
Hoping I learn something of interest by following my councilmembers on Twitter...we shall see.
what's up?? I'm bored and showing my friend your YouTube videos (:
I know! It's stressing me out! Luckily the country is well prepared
I don't believe so.
If we've learned anything from the Casey Anthony case, it's GET THAT LAWYER'S NUMBER!
Amping up for another crazy Saturday night, practicing for Patty's day which is only a week away!
Your show keeps getting better and better! :)
C-A-T-S! CATS! CATS CATS! Way to go Big Blue!
iPhone autocorrect of the day: "dilightful" to "Dig Hatful" SMH No, I didn't see it before I sent it.
Working with a client to integrate digital scales into a desktop and web software that we are developing...good "left/right" brain project!
Totally understand, and also waiting for those days!
Er… we'll… burn everything?
i still have 10 hours...
Thanks to Coach & Willies for hosting yesterday's American Cancer Society Charity Golf outing at Ocotillo Resort in Chandler
has been one of my favorites since Les Miserables! What a brilliant gentleman (and looking foxy)!
you should get a chihuahua, border terrier or pug! freakin adorable and great dogs:) plus they don't shed much:)
Filming exteriors for "FORGIVEN" in this windy weather!
thanks! Miss you!
Had a really great time at
Bryon, Elizabeth Ellen and Aaron Burch are the rounders-up of all literary people in Ann Arbor. EE runs a great reading series.
I'd say that's more like a heaping helping of great news! Congrats!
Blessings in the form of free, quality education should be handed out like free condoms. ~Tiffini Sherai Jones
Monday doesn't suck after all, at Kilroy's Sports its Mexi Monday! $2 Corona/light, $2 Cuervo margaritas and $3 patron!
never tried that, but I'll keep that in mind
What restaurants/event spaces do the best job of integrating social media with the offline experience?
#NLC-- showed up lopking like a drenched rat.. hope I dry off in 30 mins
Yes. So, now Noel has the PhD, and I've still got only the bachelors. Hopefully, I'll get my turn in another year.
you me gym
Watching local feed for Lakers game. Sideline reporter says Dr. Jerry Buss has finished his blowjob and should be courtside shortly.
So while we were on the freeway I saw a car with a license plate that said ms icon and I took a picture of it
I hope they're not in East County as I'm not itching to go there. But excellent idea. Will email you
But 10K genealogists can't be wrong RT : it was listed as a "promoted" tweet, which means it was paid to be a trend.
Thanks Mr.Dwight Howard, that is my homeland, Be blessed
I'll be alright... just dealing with some personal things.
I know Kagan was watching porn on my computer because some weird shit popped up in my history that I'm not into -____-
Very cool. Glad to hear it. Missed you at fight club tonight!
OH WOW! You shot FILM? I'm fascinated. Do you have a trailer?
Get proper rain gear to ward off wind & the elements so there is no excuse not to walk.
What's this doing to our standings ? This is icky!
#NFL schedule is up! Which game should we hit up first: #49ers at #Packers or #Steelers at #Broncos? Lambeau or Mile High? Tough call...
Going to bed now so I can dream about everything I hope and pray to come true<U+2665> <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5> <U+262E><U+2605>
thank u n you too
: is putting on an original afro-latino musical here in #DC. Check it out: refresheverything.com/gala
Thanks for the follow. Congrats on the ebooks. We all want to hear how it goes. My 1st is just out.
;; Diamonds aren't forever
I bet he says it's Lamar :). Sounds Cherokee. Plus Fort Mtn has real Cherokee roots. Would expect Cherokee lang correlates
hi april, nice meeting you at the awards. this is sonja norwood, brandy's mom.
we are partying this summer!
just emailed someone about a super cute bike in craigslist. $90 & blue! can't beat that (hopefully)…
Where There's a Will, There's always a Way...
I love anything he is in!
Same! Oh well. Curves are beautiful!
Yeah buddy! Me too man. Where you gonna be? I'm at Ivy on Thurs. You? I see drinks in our future. Or shots.
what up buddy. Feel like I need some more energy during my day. Any supplements you can suggest?
RIP dies today at age 84. He's made the world better one hair follicle at at a time!
is so gorgeous(:
lol that sucks. how long did u have her?
Wow. What the heck just happened?
Can a one-eyed person have 20/20 vision?
oh really... Get cha mind outta da gutter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
that sounds like a great combination for cheesecake!
are you attending the event ? will be presenting.
If santino goes to wrestlemania, I'm officially done with wwe. Will only watch old school.
no keys, push to start
haha thanks and I'm bored too lol
Wow! Beautiful day! Worked out at Snap Fitness then walked to Subway in shorts and flip flops!
Vegas Might not be Vegas any More
YES. or when he spammed my bep saying wayne was gay and I blocked him and basically babied me into unblocking him. LOLOL
Ugh just got super hungry
you're awesome. Thank you!
Should families be taxed based on size? After all people breathing contributes to global warming. Somebody has to pay for that carbon! lol
On my way to work
thank you. Be back at you.
I love #Masters weekend!
What do you pair your #NZwine with? Cuisine suggestions? Restaurant or recipe ideas?
AND IM FEELING A LITTLE BIT SCATTERED AND YOUR LOVE IS ALL THAT MATTERED
AND Pick me to go to ID because I'm trying to get my boogie on from DC to Bristow!
Meeting with today about some upcoming work. Stay tuned for more details
How can a company expect to make a sale when you call their toll free sales phone number and nobody answers? Do you think I left a message?
i see you fam, good shit!
PLEASE TELL ME HOW DID YOU GET FAMOUS PPLE TO ROCK YUR SHIT??
WTF! had you stayed away could had won! Thank you for making dumbest move in the company's history.
for fellow south africans hip-hop headz check your email address inbox.
already can't wait for the weekend. time is going by so
KOIN's athlete of the week? Terrence Jones, Demo's, sink top recruit, Josh Smith, Kentwood Wash., 42-39
I put pressure on myself to make myself better, sometimes I think I put to much tho an the emotional backlash is HELL!
but All-Star Western is doing a pretty bad-ass late-1800s retcon for Gotham. And I don't even like Jonah Hex.
I got that impression about from 's tweet Wanna leak me the lineup? Nobody'll know ya did it. I swear
SHOUTOUT TO GEMMA!!! SHE IS REALLY COOL! FOLLOW HER NOW!
Nothing just stalking Mads tweets Lmao & You
Listening to "Here Comes the Sun." (In my best Chandler voice) Could there BE a more appropriate song for this perty day in Nashville? -LA
me either :-(
Seriously one of the realist dudes on here. I #Salute my dude
Haha Bro this bitches in my class know she got no bra on and she about to poke my eye out with her niple lol. #dirty bitch!!!!!
Get ur Johnny Cash fix tonight with Big Smith from Gods Outlaw hittin the stage tonight! JC
I hope they don't! Maybe #Capcom should take some survival horror tips from #Konami? They seem to be doing good... ^NE
Still waiting Smashwords to let me know if story submish has flaws. At least Mike Rooth cover looks great.
Just finished riding mr toads.
I really need to leave Thomas alone before my mom yells at me.
I don't mess with people from atlanta, if you know what I mean.
now what lol i love ur hair so much its beautiful
lets face it we all have to get along in this world stay off the Today's show next time fool
Sup dude
field trip? I'll go with you!
Rockets are beating themselves for the second week in a row
lol bitch that hurt :(
Hello wonderful #TEDxSummit peeps. Thanks for doing what you do. We support you! Lots of #TED fans here.
Looking forward to a great work day in san antonio tomorrow. Good night world
oh, yeah that girl we were talking about last night
ugh so bored right now somebody fwm i wanna go somewhere dis weekend
my opinion we already in trouble so for the hell of it saints should put a bounty on jeremy shockey and see how it feels to snitch
did you go to TMC?
That same follower is my mane though can't blame her for wanting to listen to the word
well thank u. U look good to. Wats up. #FB :-)
Now with 27% less random figures!
looking for hidden cameras #PUNK'D
thanks for the RTs !!
Look for to be available in this years upcoming Racial Draft. Phillipinos and Jews look like the two best fits.
When she's scared protect her<3
forgot my flight deets, got your app, checked in via phone, got e-boarding pass w/gate number...you make it so easy! Thank you!
Get with the program
its cool bro. Let me check them out
i was hoping barebones would be closer to cod2. the good ole days when it was just you and your gun with no extra sights. still fun!
I don't understand some people, I just do NOT!
Exciting things are happening in Gulu!
The way you dress is SUPER sexy
#FF back at ya. wasn't in the tweet but I love #FF anyhow.
Just what Planned Parenthood needs, being associated with a internet dude fight over a poster encouraging people to "Make Mistakes".
The Isla Earth Radio Series is produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy.
I Dont Want To Be Your " Favorite " Or Your " Best ". I Want To Be Your " Only " & F*ck The Rest <U+2665>.
if you're moving back to Boston in 3 months you'll need a new apartment, we can help
Almost done with all my projects, and then freshman year is basically over :D
got a feeling today is going to be a crazy end to a crazy and emotional week. will close it w shabbat though.
I think I would be doing the same thing...
time is flying by.
I really really really wish I could, but I don't have any way to/money to ): Is there any other way I could possibly help?!
Pure Pop for Now People tonight 10 til close! Indie jangle, power pop & lots more!
very cute! :)
If doesn't have anything to do with raging at the gym, club, or in code then no.
I'm writing a new song and it is coming along great. After we get a few more songs complete, we will be playing concerts in the Dallas area.
yes! I have plans at 8:30 tonight but my happy hr is open. Free later next week too.
burned 249 calories doing 30 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
10TV Poll - would you buy a car from a company going through bankruptcy? Also - should kids be allowed to fly in first class? Let us know.
possible or not? lol
Happy B day Dahhhhlin
Gym time. Gotta shake off some of this stiffness
A buddy of mine, America, is about to default on his student loans. He got his degree from Britain, but China paid for it.
C.Weber mentioned Andre Iguodala w/Allen Iverson...please don't ever mention them in same sentence. Iverson 29 PPG, Iguodala 14 in playoffs
IMPORTANT! --> RT : Oh. Um. So I'm on Jeopardy tomorrow night. With and Robert Gibbs.
starting to think that i wont have a chance with you,,,
Ordered Reebok Flex's in light grey and Vans Bedford's in Golden brown.
Google once said that good content will go along way . i disagree good or bad .a fresh idea will grow like a flower and bloom
Happy Easter Sunday.!!!
I feel like I'm opening to a whole new world! just got a new super fan :)
BURNING THE HECK UP. it should not feel like this in february!
In church...if no one hears from me I probably burst into flames.
I'm so super excited to hear 's new song On The Edge!
Oh DOH! Yes we do have a few. I'll drop one in the mail for ya. Also...what is your shirt size?
We try!
yes! I'm so happy! & of course! i'll take you wherever you wanna go! <3
: There's no home recycling or compost bins in Wesley Chapel, FL. I got a funny look when I asked. <--I feel you, my friend!
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. ~~Will Rogers
Nobody makes their Words with Friends moves on my slow days, just the busy ones.
Anyone looking for a ticket/hot date to the LQ + SK Weed Dinner on 4/20? LMK :) (Yes, I'm the bearer of both).
my mom is yelling cuz I never made the bed -.- I told her the earthquake unmade it. She didn't buy it :p
We've got summer Olympics on our mind. If you could add one event to the London Games what would it be?
*cough*BOYFRIEND*cough*
Cincinnati,OH Mercer Elementary Pre K-6 school
Was so great seeing you last nite and having you on the show!! Luv ya lots my friend!!
But there are certainly women voters who have a single, deal-breaking issue with Filner.
Where The Carnival At???”
Savings Tip - Wash only full loads of dishes and clothes
It's Tysan, don't ever spell my name wrong again.
hee hee RT : It's sunny in Seattle today and there's rioting downtown. WHAT IS THIS BURNING BALL OF FIRE IN THE SKY
Hello, semi good-looking!
Goodnight i love you.. Sweet dreams #angel :)
Good morning #LosAngeles. Headed to LAX and on my way to #Chicago this morning.
Shows starts soon... We're playing 4th. One block north of ainsworth on 22nd ave. (like 4 blocks north of killingsworth). 2211 NE Holman
Jamie Moyer made his MLB debut 3 years before Madison Bumgarner was born!
How's your week lookin for lunch one day?
“The Dispassion of the ”?
is that a hospital? Is Vermont a state?
Loving the fact that my grandma is home!!!! What a fighter. So proud of you!
A last ditch effort by North #Baltimore council members to delay passing a property tax cut fails.
Great dinner last night. Loved the chocolate/sherry pairing. Thanks for the lagniappe.
wow. Just wow.
would like to see the brewers clinch at home. I am hoping for Friday.
i know!:( so lucky!!
she's needs to watch whose jeans she's spillin on
This is when my sad face comes in. RT : Unfortunately, most orgs dont :(
PR. 15:1"A kind answer soothes angry feelings, but harsh words stir them up" Choose words that bring others closer instead of farther away.
That's terribly kind of you. I'm very glad you enjoyed the join. Next week -- taping for a BBC documentary.
You Guys Are Gourgeous!! And So Sweet! <U+2665>
We good Troy, how are you Sir???
Just got asked where I was originally from. I asked "Why, do I have an accent?", they said "No, you speak proper English and are polite".
Please help Congress, Obama has VETO pin but Blaming the House
thanks for pointing that out. I will fix it
Oh that's funny
": I want a guy bestfriend. Like FOR REAL"
my bad to all the spam sent out wasnt me just changed my code .....my bad again
Some of the stuff you men turn around to look at <U+E40E>... Really?
Its going off tonight! RT : Just another Sunday
I bet u can't
After 45 chilly minutes in our postage-stamp backyard, I am pleased to report that 4 species of local common birds have been counted.
#YouKnowWhatReallyBugsMe? Skinny people who make fun of fat people! I will hang out with a fat person ,at least they dont have an attitude!
y'all doing Sxsw interactive?
Another fun fact. RT Drew Carey worked at the World Cup in Germany as a professional sideline photographer. Who knew?
Outreach tomorrow morning! 6am is going to come quick!
Praying for you Thanks for modeling focus to a generation!
The good guys are just to good for the girls that put them in the friend zone.
I need to start using this account more... I kinda forget about it sometimes... let the PROMOTION begin!!
#Twitter Tip: Make sure the posts are generally light, with a touch of humor otherwise you might lose your core audience..
RT : Everybody has a girlfriend or boyfriend, and I'm just over here like "I love food."
You guys don't even realize who you are messing with... Have some respect for others
Train back to Boston. Time to catch up on some reading
"I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe." ROFL You're such a dweeb :P
i have a new twitter
Are you a student looking for part time work on campus? Check out the Office of Student Employment located in SPEA 2010 & visit jagjobs.org
Day 1 back at the gym. Why do all these girls have makeup on just to come sweat?
Thanks, Nikki. Two months of ten-hour-days emailing journalists will rally some good media. What are you working on now?
Tremendous: and announce $95 million to 278 SBHCs nationwide: This means $14 million for our California SBHCs!
YAY! We did it, Go Chelsea, go Blues! Take a back seat Barcelona!
follow back?
that's quite the dream :p
GOT MY LOVE BACK WHO
u the
Had a weird virus for the last few weeks. Tired of being sick and unproductive, but the antibiotics seem to finally be kicking in.
I'm surprised Speaker John Boehner, a noted homophobe, even agreed to be in the same room as Apple CEO Tim Cook.
"Be forever curious, persistent and gracious." - Thinking about these wise words from a mentor given when I was starting out as a
I've already forgotten how old I told Facebook I was. I just remember they wouldn't let me say I was a centenarian.
Today seems like a good day for a career crisis....
oh hunny, I'm sorry. :(
. I don't know, man. What does Webster's say about "soul"?
Fuck! Why did I has to tell him in feanch?!?! When he is french!
you ain't catchin no fish
I'm looking for singers (male or female) for colabs on dance-music tracks. Only serious people, please
great times at XS last night. Happy to celebrate ur bday with u!
Great win by our ace! Thank you Rockies for making my trip to LA worth it!
ugh, sore throat ):
I dont mind helping my family or friend out. But whn everyother week they need me & only me I began to question their character
Seems like I should do something, and sleep on the plane.
Wow, what a great day! Thanks to the Story Workshop leaders & 2nd Story folks for a wonderful kickoff to what is going to be a great week!
i know words hurt! but the words "stay strong" Get me through the day..and you can stay strong with the help of every fan ..
Not very many folks in attendance, but I think the program went well. Thanks to those who made it!
The cute new manager just have me a weird look in the restroom
Follow Billy!
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Chipper is a poor mans dirk
RT THIS IF YOU LOVE YOUR NEW YORK ACONS!!!!!:)
and his smokin hot sister in law. Im now getting distracted by Forgetting Sarah Marshall on FX. Mancrush on Segel
I figured out that cake was invented before cupcakes. Because if cupcakes were first then they'd be cake and cake would be platecake.
do you have a seattle focused part of your site?
congrats my man! Upstate new york was rooting for you all the way. Keep it going for a strong 2011
We're letting the drinking bird dry out for a while. He was getting mold on his head.
You freakin' rule, Cheryl.
when the pimps in the crib ma drop it like its hott ...
let's grind this hump day pack!!
Hope all is going well at #CES and the #ONStarTweetHouse today!
Monthly card ran out, found out on the M60 bus to La Guardia. Going to a subway stop to refill. NYC fail.
GET THAT BODY LANGUAGE SINGLE ON ITUNES by FrankPerryProductionsMusicPublishingPresents hot track for the spring
Im suiting up which has proven to be controversial with others here. Have massive solar panel forehead so will get sun
Trenni, could I please use this at 10? Thanks. Mark
Did meet an interesting young man on the bus, though. Hitched to Seattle from Brooklyn. He thinks I have magic powers. Long story.
It's Wednesday. I like to celebrate a day called "Awesomeday" on Wednesday. Counting each "Thing that is awesome." I invite you to join...
Who mentioned Butterfingers? I freaking love those things! a coffee shop where I grew up made the best BF milkshakes
ITS CUZ SHE LIKED ME AND IM WITH TOAST!
Oh and the wine!! Yum! Good times :-)
Goodnight! Turning it in.
#caps dominating period 2 but getting no result, can we a power play tonight please?
beautiful pictures. looks really peaceful
I wish I could sneeze a rainbow.
and to make it even worse... if there is no Female Shoe Shiner and Cigar Roller! ;)
Get a limousine for your birthday at a discounted price! Call today for last minute deals 619.225.8466
Hmm the milw journal sentinel doesnt have a final #brewer score but the chi tribune hmm
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!
Did give the refs a dirty look? He can't get a call tonight!
Everything happens for a reason...
Take advantage of this beautiful sunny day! Get some fresh air and go for a jog :)
If Olivia Pope ran for President I would so vote for her.
it would be truly horrifying if centipedes sprouted wings and could fly.
why do I have NO #ENERGY this whole week
Remember The Dead!
Man arrested for sex assault at Bridgeport nursing home - Ct Post
I was just watching that as well, It is insane, especially around Newbury Street!
Will they score fifty? | Or will the D get a clue | And slow passing game? |
knitting and make me a cool tuque. Either that or brush up on star wars lore. No wait...a star wars tuque!
Thanks! RT The Rookie Email Marketing Winner is now speaking.
Brief moment of phone service.... onto leg 7 at Makers Mark.
I'm bigger
HER name is Peaches, don't get disrespectful about it!
Gonna pull a all nighter going to Tampa tommorrow morning
i hate commercials.
Good morning from Florida, USA! Have you congratulated the ladies from yet?
Just changed my shirt in a fast food restaurant's parking lot.
How can. U say u love me wen.. U just meet me & the Only time I hit u up is wen I want my dick sucke.d..
Damn, I miss you so much ):
Geography of the tequila matters. Agave grows best at high altitude.
yes. Now at pubcakes
What is the proper protocol for driving around w/a mannequin in the backseat, do you try to make conversation?
thats DOPE! Have you checked out some of my work ?
Spoken like a true #Islamist!
#Austin people or soon to be ATX visitors, Any #SXSW shows you are looking forward to?
Happy 4th of July! BBQ, margaritas, and fireworks on the beach...nice!
shush... isnt the 143 thing so obvious?! i cnt believe we ( i ) just figured it out recently! i feel stupider than usual...
“: PW is happy to have Vikki Frank tweeting & presenting in New Mexico! See her presentation tomorrow in Santa Fe #PW2012”
if kobe retired..they'll all be Lebron fans...who u know a Matt Barnes fan haha
Hope ur feeling better 2day. Sitting here close to tears after reading the Dio & Priest portions of ur book. Great stories.
Has anbody ever finished thirty six in enough time to put them all on one cd, I just might be the first lol
WANNA GO OUTSIDE
You make the best decisions when you have your ear phones in, volume turned up loud, just sitting there and thinking.
ELECT PAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yards signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
is a great hookup for #pure #lax and
so..much..frosting!
he plays hard, he fills a niche. Great role, knows his role. Plays with energy. Love the guy. He's not the leader they need
no way jose !
RT : being on mass street when we beat MU
4) Most important… Have fun with my son and enjoy the time we spend together.
Riley uses Guenter Waibels chart of structure, format standards chart from First Monday article to open her presentation
Save me my fistful of tears<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Note to self: Never ever ever procrastinate ever again it is never ever worth it never don't do it don't
Q. Why couldn't Ray Charles read?? A. Because he's black.
*cry so loud* (-_-) why you never appreciate my argument?
ONE DIRECTION SHOULD GET LOST IN NEW YORK
that does seem like a "danger, Will Robinson" moment
Speaking of girls I want to meet. . . I miss you tweets.
'The Help' has to be my favorite movie of all time.
me too!! I love that stuff!!
you guys should cancel whatever sophisticated plans you had and come to the spx soccer games
Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, plus some hot islanders and a lot of tourist visitors have your pick
totally agree! Its completely unnecessary.
It's never too early I agree. Especially when It's Complicated.
Personally, I can tell you that I do my very best to listen to the concerns and ideas of my constituents.
Parrotheads: I am selling four tickets to the Jimmy Buffett concert (Saturday, Kansas City). Selling them at cost. Interested? Message me.
do you still chill with cousin todd??? Lol
So pumped to go to florida with oh the warm tropical waters of florida here we come!!
super stoked we get the GOLD in Pomona! I'm surprised they didn't do it at The Grove. I LOVE !
Food is my stuff. Spoil my appetite and I'll deal with u severely !!! *angry
yall wanna make smores tonight? Ill bring marshmallows
Just walked into the exhibit hall at #mgma. Vendors seem to be pleased with the traffic and quality of attendees so far.
Explore Specialties as a Shadow Nurse | Healthcare News ...
Its Okay Don't Worry About It.!(:
Its a beautiful thing to have in the city RT I wish I had a stoop.....
#imagine You scream "AUSTIN I LOVE YOU WILL YOU MARRY ME" and Austin says "I LOVE YOU TO AND YES I WILL MARRY YOU
ME TOO! PSYCHED!
We don't care if you're spending enough out-of-state money on your recall to make Midas gasp, Walker; you can't buy a new reality
is my spirit animal. whatever that is...
Way to go to the StL Cardinals for beating the Phillies & staying alive in the playoffs! They"ll always be my home team...
does that involve a five-year plan?
talk about positive reenforcement.
Nice Pic! Is that a real background, or photoshop?
shooting pictures... wish I had a studio where I could leave this stuff set up...
People are stunned to hear that one company has data files on 185 million Americans.
That may be a good excuse for me to blow my hair straight--to actually be able to reach my scalp to nourish it.
Had a fantastic time with & fam at the cookie dough/ice cream place in Naperville- now to relax before my early work shift
I think we should all work together to keep our streets clean so I don't have to wear shoes.
Alright Ordered the ppv tonight. Don't let me down. Give the X Division the proper showcase they've earned and deserve.
Glad to hear your having a great time :) Can't wait to see u guys Saturday :)
ha it's cool bro just looking out. Dude I'm #muncie bound tomorrow, when you gonna be home
Welcome to the world of 140 characters! Feel free to follow any of my peeps! they will follow you back! (o:
Right the main guy... Woahh derrr... Im still not giving you my password on Facebook.
Happy Easter!
Can we get you and Dog back together...PLEASE! Hearing you two is the best. Great memories.
"No man is lonely while eating spaghetti" - Christopher Morley
no, seriously. what's wrong with being passionate about something you love to do?
Will Smith, James Harrison, Trent Cole?
Clear Clear Clear
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 40
We speak of community and civil society as someone else - we're a part of them -Jimenez
Anyone remember how to wipe your laptop clean to reinstall stuff?
Officially done PhDing she has completed one journey to start her new one
pretty sure Yankees blew it just to irritate red sox nation
Is anyone living this way? Has life shown you the money?
so far it all has to be honest I have been blessed & lucky I know i could be in way worse shape only had one major flare that
Wutz good bro
Yeah I just won a lifetime supply of tickets to ONE FOR THE MONEY!!!
cool! We should trend this:
Had a great day of work with KVU today, great show tonight, and now a show tomorrow with the Thoroughbreds.
OH YEAH! Total mess. Hated that movie. Charlie can go to hell.
“Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.” ~ Author Unknown
How many points he score?
packing it now my man! Need a city state and zip though !
during sex he wants to ask me 21 questions #givemeabreak im tryna focus here
There's a lot you can learn from plaid and acid.
Back in Indy :(
thanks for the follow, nice to see a like minded person.
getting your tweets sent to my phone=best decision i ever made.
Ha RT Codeword to get on today's Romney press call? "President Obama Has Failed”
A sick Tyler Perry lookin ass!!!
That song by Fun, the beginning is clearly about giving some girl the herp right? Fun? more like twisted
In honor of the game "Syndicate," I will now be referring to people as "soft assets" from now on.
hold your head up.....hold your head high
i love you too, even tho you'll be outa town this weekend, the ginger and i will miss you! ;/
Spring Break is here. I'll be smoking a cigar on the golf course or the Harley all week, unless Sharon has other plans for me.
We purposely do not cover the legal battles involving the family of over
Happy Thursday to all! ;-)
Almost show time. How's the prep going? Ready to take that Pro card I bet!
Okay.call wen your on tha way baby.
Miami Airport - is there a worse airport in the country? Can't remember the last time security took less than 30 mins. Why?!
not trying to poke fun...sincerely, when has he batted 2nd?
Haha is a little pimp on 3rd rock from the sun!
dude only just saw this message! Yes. I ordered take away...... What be ur point Mr. I cook fabulous??? ;)
lol, RT : ugly, gross, and cold out... thanks for putting your only foot forward Milwaukee.
Recital today at Campbell Recital Hall, 12:15pm, featuring the premiere of Four Erie Canal Songs by Jason Barabba!
The lifestyle of a big game hunter... Wow
Our bassist just made a twitter so follow him and the rest of us that have a twitter!
It's sucks how fast your life can go from AMAZING to a nightmare.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Our agency meets & exceeds the expectations of our clients, specializing in employee benefits. Linton & Associates (505) 247-1530
Youre just as much of a liar as you tell me I am.
That lovely older woman is Angela Lansbury... my source on that is
nice to meet you at the rally today. Keep fighting!
26 days until
Motivate - Knowing is not enough; we must apply. #quote Willing is not enough; we must do.
I didn't notice! You should have said hello, but I suspect my trousers scared you off.
#Clippers #nbaplayoffs might as well rest your starters if you ain't going to play better defense and offense.
I'm rocking Track A today too. Look back and to your left. 7 o'clock-ish. :D
I wanna go out tonight. I leave tomorrow
Lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones, and I will try... to FIX YOU <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I am the cunt that swallows the dreams of men one drop of semen at a time. /via
I hate that I love you.
Slush fund? Do we as Tax payers get free slushies?
does anybody else mess with craigslist scammers?
thanks. He is getting past the point where it's adjusting to a new league. All Halo fans excepted this deal would be ugly 1/2
#Life is short. Live your #dream and wear your passion.
common grams - "lives of the beats" becomes "lives-of" "of-the" "the-beats". query over 500k docs wen from 2 minutes to < 10 seconds.
Just days away from the start of the Super Bowl Village in downtown Indy. It should be a lot of fun! Who's coming to town to celebrate?
the pink slime thing reminds me of the whole kerfuffle about Starbucks using dye made from bugs. Is it safe? Yes? Yawn.
I second the motion! RT : Thks Neal!
yh but I gotta wait cause I hit the following limit
yes he has been taking care of me, i just gotta start bein more appreciative of it
Sometimes, I think I would be better off if my parents just stayed out of my dance life. I can handle it. All I need is transportation.
last week at our Harbor East location, come check us out before it's too late!!
going for thanksgiving and got a perfomance on sunday but will do final rehersal in kentucy.
Protestors holding signs in #Menifee: "Made In America", Make Jobs Not War. About 5 or so on corner Haun and Newport.
I'm so tired of studying, I miss the daylight!
Was that the TexAss? And why the hell do I remember the name of that doughnut?
Clouds and fog for your Wednesday morning - partly cloudy to mostly sunny later, cool for July. 60s, low 70s near the coast, mid 70s inland
Mm, tea and honey <U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Good conversation and engagement last night ladies in #HRD2011UR. Thanks for making the semester so enjoyable.
his nickname is Sue. Yes he answers to it also.
he pitch?
When I left my apartment, it was raining. I grabbed my umbrella on the way out. It probably won't rain the rest of the night.
Why no mobile stylesheet? You guys are awesome enough, you should have one! :)
yes!! That would be awesome! :)
Shopping day today.
Your voice is <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> to my<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>'s
The choice I make is going to be hard ugh
I didn't realize it was 'that' good...
Hey I love you on jessie. It would mean so much to me if you followed me back. :-)
happy mothers day mama <3 you!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
it's been a long day unpacking the #internetinasuitcase with and
I just saw a guy driving who looked like a groundhog. While Im at it, James VanDerBeek reminds me of a cashew.
When I consult it is typically an upfront partial payment on fixed-rate projects or bill for past month when hourly
Yes and it was a blast! :)
The box score says Rod Barajas homered, but I don't believe it.
Do u hear vodka calling you? RT : Just listen....
I'm halfway there.
Going to sleep smiling thanks to one of the brewer boys.. Thank you for tweeting me Nathan. It really made me happy.<3
I'm predictable:)
#askmadonna wat is the best thing you have done in life (in your opinion)
So tired thank god I have to make me go to the gym!
ILS comes Wednesday.. So I thought I could just get the digits now?:)
just saw two women go at it for play-doe...
hahaha :D i need to see the finish product!
ringringring! Hi! Thanks for the follow!! Talk soon!
yes. Working on getting him caught up on our songs.
Just tapped Boundary Bay IPA.
I am applying more generosity energy in my friendships. Generosity is the foundation of a loving connection, makes forgiveness easier too.
Bitches follow me like twitter
outrageous, right?!
Oh ok is it like American Idol just animation wise?
The weather is so sexy today.
I've never realized that P Diddy, or whatever name he goes by now, is pretty talented.
the speed you're moving through these, I'm guessing it's not the special/extended edition, right?
oh my god! Hahaha! What is that doing there? That's 5 years old.
A good friend is one's nearest relation.
Hooray, Angela! Your writing is so approachable and honest. Congrats!!!
I would like to announce a well known and well heard fact: is a loud talker
HA! Woulda been great promotion. Sigh.
Secretly took snapshots of you
I absolutely adore the first three episodes of Girls, but I'm ready to stop reading about it now.
RT #SomethingEveryoneCantDo tweet in a tutu :)
#iftheworldendsonsaturday I won't be showing up to clean any driveways in Las Vegas on Sunday
Looks like tonight by the time I get home from work, the sun will have gone down. I am whipped!
RT: WHITE 1995 FORD ECONOLINE VAN LIC/A35884M.WA****DO NOT CONTACT.CALL 911**** . So someone stole a chester van? Waste of a Felony.
wow! P.Diddy was right the bitchassness gotta stop real Talk to many hatin ass mofo's in the world smh damn shame
RT : Looking forward to digital music session at 12, great speaker panel. #SIC2011. Room 304.
In 45 minute mtg., FL Republicans will pass bill to secretly outsource FL jobs outside of state with no requirement jobs even be in FL.
WWE I know but its #WWE #Everythingspredictable RT : Yep, and that would be so lame and so obvious.
Why thank you.. Yeah, I'm cute for a short middle aged lady...lol
God she makes me so happy it's crazy <3 I just wanna hold her and kiss her all night :)
Listening to my beautiful wife - - train the next generation of abolitionists at
2 day juice cleanse, final packing. Throw in some yoga & an AA meeting, these are a few of my favorite things.
“: How about YOU stay out of my business!?! KAY! Thanks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>”
Eaten Cotton Candy. RT : What is it that has been a decade since you've done?
for charging your phone?
Rejoice, He is Risen! Everyone, have a great Easter!
Kind of obsessed with the Voice and Cee-Lo's cat.
Match or eHarmony? Ready go. You have 10 minutes to give me your opinion.
not even
@ mentioned you on air. :)
Falafel with Lemon Tahini Yogurt Sauce. Picky husband picked this meal....so excited to make it for him. No like? HUSBAND FOR SALE
My dad's taking forever, should've taken the bus instead.
Have you been to recently? Anthony's Runway 84 Italian Restaurant & Cocktail Lounge. 954-467-8484. Located on State Rd 84/Ft Laud.
so far i like high school!! :)
Done! Now, Andrew Brown
Offense sells tickets. Defense wins games!!!
We've been a little behind on emails. Will follow up shortly. Also, if you want an invite, check out #scoutzieinvites hashtag.
There are way more schools than that ... but those may be the ones that concern non academics
When people complain about how much they hate school, yet they can't spell, punctuate, or use correct grammar to save their life. <
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
cheer tryouts today!(:
Just landed on
Always a surprise to see #Louisville trending. That means we gotta bring #BBN hard this weekend! Go CATS!
Us too! RT We're crazy about 's 1920s-inspired ensembles, all of which are perfect for a night out on the town!
I might be picking up tascam 464 from a dude off Craigslist tonight. I used to have one, like, ten years ago.
So ducked up.eight baby #john mbwambo
yall do the damn thang homie!! Performing" She Certified" at youth seminar this morning.
good job tonight for the Sixers.
#BTW I only hashtagged that to conserve character space.
You have a lot going on!
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. John 3:16
Things you find out from your talent and not your brain.
Come on baby! Get thoes daissyyy's! Look at that gurl with the daisy dukes on!
Hard to attack Obama on foreign affairs, the economy seems to be better, so they bring up his “religious theology.” Is that code for Muslim?
Happy mother's day!
God bless... you got talent... like what I hear!
Prince Harry arrives in California for military training, spotted last night at Andaz San Diego.
- Yes and no. Sometimes typing is more easy than talking in real life.
Is there a to-go menu on strippers? I'm hungry but we need another lap dance
Milwaukee always loves a spirited rendition of Wagon Wheel! See you tonight...
I remember last year I was at dinner for my birthday wondering who would still be around..
New Balance MT813AT's Good to hear from you. Dana Law
right here my man
There's a twitter. Oh yea.
RT if you promise ur beliebers that you will never ever smoke or drink
Jokes, not holes.
“: I don't usually exercise in the parking garage, but when I do, I get honked at by ” LOL that's awesome!
you can always take solace knowing you're not a Royals fan.
This time of night all the spanish people talk in spanish on my timeline. No hate whatsoever.I think its funny.
thanks for following. Jc
I hear that! Ha
pick one.
thanks for sharing your pics
not yet waiting till the date
“: Im not a only game u good in is "Mario Kart" ocho #MaddenKing”ocho I will kill u in madden.
ok, thanks for the interest, what would you like to know?
we always have fun when it comes to me you and hilt being together
are you accepting applications?
Only 1 week until the Jingle Bell Run the is putting together! # of participants is up 151% from this time last year!
so why they talkin bout my nigga
what if black people weren't really black, and they were really white people covered in a huge birthmark?
any plans for a new rhcp's anytime soon?
ha they're talking on ESPN on how Larry Wirtz knows how to hire !! I agree !!
by 2014, all states adopting common core will require students to type their written portion of assessments on computer
in Amsterdam, all I can think of is things that will make you fall asleep faster!
You're welcome!
three witches djing 2/13: lovespell. buying lots of weird stuff on the internet in preparation. $pending $pree.
Just tagged along for rehearsal. This year's From Dark Pages is going to have 50% more creepiness.
Ditto. RT I miss
Great training at GLLI Houston Conference. Thanks to amazing training team, trainees, guest electeds, alumni, staff #LGBTleaders rule!
lol yea sure. I don't expect to do well.
do you ever creep on people's tweets?
Aiding an illegal immigrant with entering the country
Oh and twitter spam.
Reading about Ridley Scott's new film, "Prometheus," and realizing anew the joy that director has brought me over the years. Genius.
AH SHIT, SWAGGED TO THE TENTH. WE GOT SOME FUCKING YEEZY IN THIS BITCH.
Having lunch with Mr. Planet this afternoon!
Surprised that #FSU took down the #TarHeels to win the ACC, that's impressive.
Happy Mother's Day to all my mama tweeps! If no one else says it...you are special & one of a kind!!
PASSPORT Magazine&#39;s Digital Edition Is Now Available To Gay & Lesbian Travelers Everywhere
what is Mama Majors New name I can't find her
Crazy to hear Maryland folks say "I'm blowed" and not even high.. another form of "Omg,Siced, and blown away"
if that's not hazardous, I don't know what is
that's like the first time in years!haha well in going back to bed night (:
Q. How many men does it take to open a beer? A. None. It should be opened by the time she brings it to you.
what's been up with you? It's been a while
I'm backk :D
he was like I guess I should go unless you want me to stay she was all no stay, Jordan big as hell too, its finna go down
am I one of the others that you won't name?
okay i really like you ...
should i wear heels or boots tonight ?
Reasons to use statistics in your speech part 1- “Statistics add realism to your speech.”
So ... any blender accidents after using our drink recipes for your party? lol
Tribal energy cardio getting exciting! heating up!
Tea and toast! I'm turning into my mother- thank goodness! Couldn't ask for a better role model
Thank you, and Like Wise!!
At Maggiano's in Tyson's II for Retail Store Training. I must say, I've missed this environment. 20yr retail veteran & have always loved it.
I want friday
It can't just be Japan.
Chipotle and putt putt with some fags <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Waking up for work tomorrow, not the business
Lmbo the conversations we have at the hair salon hahaha
SuperBowl predictions as of today??? Kind of leaning towards Eagles v. Chargers right now.
Our shop between 3 and 5pm was a who's who of the ABAA and ABA.
catching up with the REAL HOUSEWIVES of ATLANTA.. kaliah and i just got the "DAILY CALL" lol neva fails
RT : You can't make a perfect painting. We can see perfection in our minds. But we can't make a perfect painting. ~ Agnes Martin
S/O 2 all My new followers
well i would hope
I usually say "worse-ted", so fairly literally.
WOW! I am so happy that Dr. Marvin Smith has over 1200 videos of his performances. That's more than all drummers put together in JAZZ
It's such a helpless feeling, sitting next to someone who smells. It's almost painful.
Marlins all the way! Were breaking through tonight!
"Aureole" is a corona around the sun or moon. "Aureola" is a misspelling. The word you're looking for is "areola."
The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket. - Frank Hubbard
I live in port orange and we have no power and we are having hail.
is he that boring that you just cleaned out your twitter? :-P
Why isn't Kevin Garnett beating his chest now? Props to ET
We're about to upload photos from our Sapphire Foundation Golf and Poker tournament! Stay tuned..... ;)
I HAVE THE MOST AMAZING BOYFRIEND IN THE WORLD!!!!!!
Haven't been on this account i'n ages what's up y'all?
keep the season going today!
your tweet is too long to quote, but I totally agree!
When your earrings keep knocking your headphones as you're trying to listen to mellow pop while you write and chew.
If we want to stay on track with God and do so with good attitudes, we have to make communication with Him a priority.
i can see that.. he looks like he could be a relative haha
try taking nettles! And local honey! (doing wonders for my cra allergies!)
My rant and blog post about #nook got picked up by The rant was about customer service. I got the new Nook.
Hope the brisket angels sang at your arrival!
you know it! gotta rock that
can you ask Robie if they serve yancys cheese with the couples massage
#Trump calls GOP field (other than #Newt) "Jokes"? HUH???
follow cuz he talks major shit. seriously huge asshole!
Whatever Tickles Your Pickle .
This nigga DMX cries entirely too much on
I like sticks ;3
Woo! #Zombieland is on!! I have to get my weekend fill of zombies since #thewalkingdead isn't on this week.
Switch flipped: UWO biodigester producing energy
Ah. So, likes you because you're a cheap date? ;-p
Fell asleep about midnight and now i'm up! I'm hungry of course...
bout to leave to get on a plane alright ill tweet later!!!:D
u wanna die my hair?
Booked our double-kayak tour for this Saturday! Ready to check out the sea caves!
Dont Cry Over Spoiled Milk!!
so you like the upsets, huh?
Wish i had the movie Cyrus. Thats a good one.
Whoever designed the Petco Park wall down the first base line must moonlight as a medical insurance executive.
Just txteb iconichavanal and she says to tweet me and to follow me weird but do it
If you're still in San Diego Friday I'd love to buy you lunch. I owe you for the fun times I've gotten from the podcast. :)
Right? RT : Days where everyone has the day off give me the illusion I have a day off.
the more you hurt him/her , the more he/ she hates you (:
Awesome! MRT : #training w/ my #recruiting #mentor & the AWESOME on #tools for #recruiter #success! !
lol I WISH!!! Still doin country music here...hopin to get into sideline reporting for next season =)
"Bad employees don't make good dreamers."
Shane ass know he can take a punch
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
"By persisting in your path, though you forfeit the little, you gain the great." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I've never cared much for #Nutella. There's something wrong with me, isn't there?
you'll always be awesome in my book! And that's really all that matters! ;)
i believe innovative thinking can be taught. Being innovative and bringing ideas into fruition, well that's another story...
Making my calender of events this summer for the business, which will all have our mascot leo there!
Wow. That's so kind. Thanks for passing along!
or, you coulda had a V8.
My clean house >>>>
I was agreeing with u
well at least your on time...dont forget to hit that purse come tithes and offerings lol
Ri$e n Grind ppl$
Friends teach friends how to Dougie
Great - thank you! I'll register and check it out. How did it go?
Oh good! Can you come???
Great shot and save there...
please follow she is so cool! xx lol xx
I wish I were on my bike today. That was not me in Bolton hill I ride a Lemond. It makes me happy just thinking about it
“: Key: Great content drives sharing which drives engagement which drives ad effectiveness - Ben Straley #nbcusocialtv” thanks!
I hate being shy
Good Morning! Brr it's cold and misty. Beautiful weather to get us in the Christmas mood. Christmas music playing, fire in the fireplace...
because they're too educated
Di buddy track nice!!!!
He says I overeact...Well I never, in all my life ever heard such awful malicious words come from a fucking asshole like him. I hope he dies
dont you hate those moments when all your skinny friends are calling themselves fat & then your just like "IM AN ELEPHANT THEN. K?"
i shot for the sky.. im stuck on the ground.. why do i try i know im going to fall down.. everything is coming down down down
Look for miracles in everyday...expect them
I can definitively say that this is not true for everybody. Please don't give the wrong people that idea!
We're glad you all are loving it! We'd love to hear more of your feedback - send us an email to anytime!
now that's cray. But completely believable (unfortunately)
yay!(: I do not! You never talk to me at your locker! Show me your dress tomorrow!
I think it's rain, rain, rain and more rain.
says cong. Lines drawn by magistrate very similar to what legislature drew
When I listen to John Mayer I think of :D
I've been forgetting what day of the week it is lately.
People who are saying they wish it were cold when they go to class<<<
Every minute in the United States, six people turn 17.
you're 2 good.
Thank You
Just saw Mr.Lammy on my way to school!! That just made my morning ;)
oh like what is that I never heard of it ?
Damn Corey threw the ball right to me and it went in and out of my hand!
We do window treatments, blinds, shutters, drapes, and shades. Probably about to launch a Wordpress blog...
FYI...if u'r alarm resets itself automatically...it doesn't acct 4 Leap Year! Learned this the hard way ;)
thanks for helping spread the word!
she b lying fillin my head up saying I'm da only one n shit smh I'm tired of her lies bro
Anyone want a puppy? 3 available
Haha I'm not alona! sorry
You're welcome.
cool ... At BlueRibbon BBQ, grabbing some lunch. Be over shortly
Everyone's a let down it just depends on how far down they can go.
what kind of cpap do you have?
This bitch said, "How is that okay?" talking about Jen's words, but yet this whore was walking BAREFOOT on a table....How is THAT okay?!
Loved the uninterrupted reading time yesterday on my flight. Downside to ereader-lost 15-20 mins time waiting for all clear to use it
"You cannot serve God and money." Matthew 6:24
We love you Wanda, and we are listening. :)
and don't you forget that sir
You're almost done. Chin up!
tru Dat RT : "I'm a lot more inspired by wht D's r doing 2 fight back in WI than i'm by wht the D's r doing 2 acquiesce in DC."
Rain in #sandiego. Nice every now and again. Not nice every week!
True <3 is unstoppable. So stop badgering me w/ I <3 you's it annoying when I meet the right person ill know, not fans a person particular
in he cubbbby
cinnamon challenge LMFAO #fail but hey at least youre sexy <3
If ur an #Atlanta #Foodie, check out Tomorrow (Sunday) at Atlantic Station! Music on 4/29 is provided by
So remember the time I applied for lottery for the NYC Marathon...and got in?
Is it strange I want to see BATTLESHIP just because I want to hear if Liam Neeson actually says "You sank my battleship"?
Been thinking a ton since #nynt about uses for tristate "rubric" for #commoncore good idea, bad format Need to make more useful for tchrs
Gorgeous day here in DC.
Shout out to all my followers. all 15 of yall lol stil new to this so bear wit me, il get this down eventually
Did you know the hair you just bought came from an animal? Give your clients something better, find out more @ www.drwiggys.com.
Amazing to come home after a lecture on social media to not one, but two pieces of real mail! Letters and cards, oh my!
oh i thought he'd been activated. My bad. Thanks for answering
Lunch discussion today: To what extend can creativity be taught? What are your thoughts?
I like that tweet, I always picture my characters frozen in time until I get back to them.
you should Tweet more often!
Just saw dude in a +VOID+ t shirt. Wonder is he knows where Bubba Dupree is?
RT : Be nice, but not too nice. The world will f**k you otherwise
beautiful stuff that is what we like to hear! How close are you to getting a launch going!
Just picked up a Hero2 camera for the studio.
Im Classy . She's Trashy . Why Her ?
In front of the bills pick I put Twitter down to keep the suspense
WHO'S THE OTHER 7?? just kidding we know weve gotta be in there
When people burn shit out <<<<
i wish they were held today can we make it throw one more year with obama
“: I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way”
have had a scout at every home game this season. As well as a couple of away games. Ball state has been in contact as well.
I wanna go to the Tulip Festival again this April outside #Seattle!
"â<U+FFFD>¥ Thank you for the invite much blessings (\0/)
Hockey Season.
Strength and honor.
Chone Figgins again slipped under Mendoza Line with his game-ending K last night. Time for to finally cut him loose.
idk I needed something new so I added some dots to make it look cool
Petino vs. Donovan on Saturday.
I don't let the negative phase me; I let the positive raise me.
My favorite part is the appearance of nonplussed waitstaff. :D
You can't call the #Occupy people hippies, then complain companies are always cheating you or interest rates are too high- just sayin'
I'm just wrestling with the organisational desire to set out a Twitter policy inc disciplinary guidelines
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE HARD WORKING MOMS GO TAKE CARE OF THEIR BUSINESS
Tonight's Drink Special is made with 100% fruit punch, strawberry puree & Raspberry Stoli over ice for only $6! Zoey will make these w/ luv!
": Top o' the morning yal!" LOL almost daily people make special effort to greet me this way 'cause "I'm Irish" thanks Darby O'Gill!
Thanks to those who are continuing to pledge our Kickstarter project over 100%. You guys are rock stars!
Brands will have to start using the Facebook timeline feed in 30 days. Will be interesting to see what page features translate!
Tired...5:30AM always comes too fast
Congrats! RT taking my talents to Indy, accepted offer to be an Educational Chapter Consultant for
instead, let’s see how many apply for the 250 jobs. Many need those jobs right now. I get your point. I want MORE JOBS here
Cool, thanks. This is going in my MA thesis :P
I hung up my Formal dress... Can't help but think that it all went by so fast & about all the things I didn't do that night... Oh well...
One of the #Titanic artifacts featured in #SanDiego is a jar of cold cream - with cream still inside! Come & find out more....
We got it back.
Worrying does nothing to ease your problems, it just makes them bigger.
Volcanic news from Hawaii's Big Island - The Seattle Times
Ken Dilger was interviewed on local news...mentioned Tony and TCA both.
3 most #commonlies you'll hear: 1. I'm fine 2. I have no more gum 3. You'll use Algebra in real life.
is contents under pressure.
Ya Boy A Good Look But She My Better Half:]
Wait, what?
Staying home along is fun ....until you start hearing weird noises o_O
I think everybody needs a beer at this point!
Ooh, they also tweet/Facebook their daily menu. :)
You are making me want to set up a little WordNet-based bot to generate posts.
thanks enjoy the holidays and i'll see you in 2012.
29 days till
Go Mavericks
I have in fact seen it, i love that film. A truly unique take on the vampire myth.
happy birthday to ! Teaches me everything she doesn't really know about sports.
lol straight up I got <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I like chicks & dudes
my best purchase this summer. LA friends ~ check this out. RT 3 models in LA on SALE. email
Followers; special shout out for NOT being stuck up bitches! Xoxo
I realize errors isn't the tell it all sign but Peterson does have 15 errors at short, tho most came earlier
why?? that's kinda dumb... Don't you think?
Just hit the road headed for Dallas. I know when I get back to MKE everything will be the same but I'll b a different person. Call me
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Thank You :D
RT : Today is Send Your Avatar to Work Day so you can go see a movie instead.
Always something to not cope with...
Don't let Life manage your dreams.
no it isn't; I took it with my iPhone. I like cinematography and photography, I can shoot nice pictures.
Thanks! This worked!
Cutting out tonight..no love on replies! Going to enjoy the rest of my "Hump Day"!!! Thinking of not following a few people! Nite!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
I wish I could give the world to you, but love is all I have to give.
Bob(liquorstore clerk): I know what we're not drinking tonight! Absinthe. No more fire extinguishers. Good thing Ansley (landlord) was high.
Our biggest enemy is the way in which we think
Thanks! Should be porting it over to a CMS hopefully in the coming months to set up a blog soon, appreciate the follow.
¤ Knowledge if it does not determine action is dead to us. Plotinus
About to kill this twitter app.....tweets not loading!!!!
PS, I'm live-tweeting from a graduate workshop w/ rhetoric scholar Arabella Lyon til noon.
The Natanz Directive, a Jake Conlan thriller by Mark Graham and Wayne Simmons, to be released 9/12/12. Jake in Coming.
400 Gazan prisoners hadn't be allowed family visits since 2006; one prisoner has been held for a total 8.5 yr w/o charge.
“: Tell Angelo that Sam's carrying that drumstick around like a trophy today.... :-)” it is a trophy!!
Us crazies gotta stick together.
Peyton was also once ushered away from the taco bar in LaFollette
still doing this ap world homework.. not even half way done #fml <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
yay me! Lol! I am pretty pumped!
Thank you god for another day to live!Now Im about to have a bomb ass day! I just really need to finish this song thoe lol.
Good Morning Sacramento! will be performing live on KQCA 58 this morning to tune in & check her out!
For last 12 mo, I've only used 67-308MB of cell data, but I'm often on WiFi. Unless it's changed, the 2GB is per phone, not shared.
I'm not suppose to b tweetin and driving. But its cool because I got it on voice text. Ha ha ha I'm like extra subzero
I had a dream last night I traded/discussed music with Ben and Jerry Garcia selling Dead merch at an ajj show. Weird.
Stone and Hamilton off the bench!
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
one of my moms friends brought christmas cookies over.. so excited.
Houston bound for a VS interview! Wish me luck!
wait no there they go :)
in wlmsvl on transit right next to chipotle
nice!!! Keep rockin' it
----> that's fuckedup!! ": If OKC wins by 50 I'll instagram all my old girls naked pics in my phone"
Checking out the jam-packed heliport, given the odds that my next boyfriend is over there.
Corona Familiar
Dear Cardinals fans, shut up about Pujols. You'd do the same damn thing if you were offered more than twice your current salary!
Welcome back, students! Happy New Year and best wishes for an awesome 2012!
Happy Easter to you!
RT : McDonalds to activate 400 social media advocates in UK w/ parties & free gifts in exchange for positive posts....
Lots in the Ballpark neighborhood, if you like a gritty vibe. Many like Highlands. Depends how urban you wanna be.
anything going on with "What's Good" #DEATHSQUAD Podcast?!?
good morning, my dear!! :)
thanks babe RT thanks I'm nf you!
Jake Delhomme? Let's see what this Yates kid has...
Hi I have my own line of scissors for true pros fingerblades.com
Tattoo Jay has arisen from his slumber. Coffee is being introduced into his body. Preparing for todays appointments.
works for me
Crazy watching that one dredger get 97 ounces of gold in one day!
waffle tops!!
Thanks for the mention!
thanks for following:) how are you?
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling. Happy Thanksgiving!
...other thean the fact that it's in Japanese. Lol sorry OTL
zomg so cute! must acquire.
follow back? (:
thanks! “: really appreciate that RT Thanks RT : There are so many good looking white men on NT.”
I can't start the grill because of this rain...I'm hungry shit
I am getting some that start with "hey"-as a general rule just delete those-they are spam but I guess u have figured that out
o try the "couch to 5k" workout, I thin that it is a great program that is painless and helpfull
That was easy!! Haha
Central Park carousel playing Ring of Fire. Excuse me while I fall over laughing.
what part of California?
Finally my avi wants to change!!!
Powder Blue was fantastically done! CONGRATS to all who worked on the film! I have a very special place for Jessica Biel in my heart now! :)
by listening, marketing will re-learn how to talk
We escaped from the psychopath
They're probably winning then. If not then they're not listening to the woman!
I think it's the cutest thing when my dog stretch from waking up.
I agree wholeheartedly with your sentiment... I'd say "Poison & Wine" wins by a hair.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT Lmao at ppl paying for followers. You go from 1,000 to 8000 in a day. But guess what?! You're still not interesting lol
Today's Head Baseball Coach has got to be an excellent fund-raiser to survive..
alright ill be right over BITCH
I see the thorobread click moving up the charts we on fire !!! blackcaesar
Happy birthday to my other little sis !
yes. lol how was that pita place.
it does?lol I just want a new one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> I'm furious, I'm sueing verzion
Ah pooping after a Long as dinner at FridAys on a thirstday night feels so good! With
do you know of any papers that discuss average wait times to get rx filled?
The I fpund a pic of you ór someone posted a bad tumor etc don't work
im sorry haha(:
the tweet you just said about your ex-friends??
thanks Bailey!!
F$%^ that SHIT!
where are you?
he meant arrived at the titanic before it left
My cat won't leave my side... Its her way of thanking me for filling in her mother role. Thank you Milo <U+2665>
8 Essentials of PBL: The Big Delivery....Santa Believes... Do You? Share/enjoy
Pretty cool to see them supporting SS. On an unrelated note, I've already used 50% of my data package for May.
indeed I do :-)
I sat in bed this morning wondering when I was going to wake up. I hate #Fridaythe13th Freddy Krueger haunts my dreams!
Little Arne wants to play guitar for
i like to think so myself (:
Good xD RT : LOL I feel bad for not being on right now
ok sounds good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
MIGHT have time for a movie today. The Avengers or Dark Shadows?
“: Make the little things count. Teach midgets math.”baaahahahhaa
No I don't remeber tweeting u nor fighting with you
Its actually pretty outside today!!!!!!!! I really should keep up on my twitter. Otherwise...whats the point?
Herman Cain's 999 plan is a joke. Maybe the worst sales approach and idea I've heard.
Hate over sleeping, it throws my whole day off.
Diecast body and plastic outer parts
speak to me with respect bitch! Lol ;)
Dueling protests happening on Mass Ave right now re: Armenian genocide. Beware if you're driving/bus riding on embassy row.
Thx for the follow>Pls check our eligibility requirements and, if possible, craft your FFT grant proposal. Online app due 1/27
Paired w/ a Snowball? : "I just drank a Muscle Milk from a gas station... if GQ needs a cover model or something, call me."
he comes I think April 3rd . And we are going march 30- April 7
To 720 bus.
Hope you're feeling better! Are you going to be at the decorating party? Hopefully see you soon! xoxo
Google renaming the app market the 'play store' makes no sense. So much more they for business, productivity, etc.
oh my God is this THE Michael Antonio Romeo
Rissa G. Its about time that I found me a freak :-)
My ex? Yea I'd still hit that... with my car.
im glad my bestie is home. if you werent here with me, i wouldve expierenced that alone... oh dear god...
Just bought Kindle version on US Amazon now can't wait for some quiet time to read your book:-) Congrats.
Thanks for the input. Have you also used the logos/ethos/pathos/kairos terms with them?
To the gym it's been a while
So sad!:,( I<3 Joshua. American Idol isn't the same now:'(
OMG is funny in every country! Is this your name sir MFC?!?!? Makes me feel at home.
love my photo of me and my baby hehe <3
But now the whole world knows! RT : just slammed my phone into my face. no one saw
that is very impressive!
HEY so u met the boyz last night! how waz?
Nice! That means you've clearly hired some people with awesome taste :)
Trying to spell "maintenance" correctly makes me feel stupid. That is all.
You'd better hurry 'cause they're goin' fast . . . RT “: We are down to the last 100 tickets.”
I keep telling myself "This is my last time," but it just keeps happening.
I don't there's a better combo out there
flying across the middle, again ... well sort of, headed to Phoenix
Hearing from the state Gambling Control office that Palomar Card Club's fate likely won't be decided until the fall.
RT if you think we can do this.
She is.
congrats to Julie Thisdale, Kevin Forr, and Andrea Powell, all winners this AM and part of our family here at Generations 1023 and 94 one.
I never want to get out of this
That sucks girl : / what classes you got?
lol..damn right..it's ridiculous even when you're up against their ass they still stay in the same lane..Ughh frustrating! XD
Hahaha, where was that being sold?
The Sickest Clothing and nothing less!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
are you like a music producer
hope u get it sexi
#ThingsMyBrotherSays: "Watching this high school girls' basketball game makes it feel as if I'm watching it underwater."
The ALC staff wishes you a very happy and blessed holiday season.
It's going to be a good day
Ace hood starvation is raw af!
Everyone gets sleepy on studio days.
I&#39;ve been tagged!!! - Online beauty time
Does your business card have a QR Code on it? If so, that would be a cool ice breaker.
hm definitely weird
When Girls have pictures of themselves on their binder<<<<<< Like okay relax.
lol yes! You get me now!?
Hamlet is the worst essay I've ever had to write
2012 seems like an North Versus South kind of year.
One of my favorite moments: Timo Hildebrand in a Schalke kit. Be interesting to see how the keeper situation works out.
Major backups on I94. Hwy 100 is your alternate route. State Patrol says a person walked into traffic and was hit.
I don't think a auto-operator has EVER answered my questions or solved my problems when I call any customer service hot line
Thx Dave for ur comment! I attended PSU 1980-1984 and this whole thing makes me sick. :'(
Thanks for the heads-up!
Lebron deserves a ring ..team works hard ,they been so close to it...i want OKC to win but Heat deserves it...Bulls will win soon enough ^_^
Other person: The fact that you, too, undergo completely universal experiences is not as a general matter interesting.
yes it would be!!! Maybe we set our sights on #140NYC and have the ultimate meetup in Bryant Park over a Chipwhich
We've had a great time at the Wildenhain #ceramics exhibit preview today. Thanks for stopping by! See you Aug. 20 @
no TGIs Egypt again... I'd have you running to hide in the toilet for looking at my boyfy...
Hey looking forward to talking intersection and convergence...
okay when you get home ustream vinny!(:
Thank Ya!! :D
ah, are you in the ER?
Well played, sir. Well played.
"For some individuals the need to organize is much stronger than with others." pg1,chap1 "The Organization of Information"
of course! You get 5 million cool points!
Taking my lunchtime walk Wow! It's a gorgeous day in Indianapolis.
your narrator pronounced Tom Glavine, "Gla-vine." ha. Other than that, he's pretty good.
We talking about the Hottest store in the D?
Oh, sweet. I'm totally not sleep deprived as it is. Thanks for taking that pesky hour out of my way, daylight savings time.
Thanks Ill let you know! CIG Is killer. We're still working that out but I'm pumped. It seems like a great fit.
What a Sunday...
Rats RT : Ew RT : So the white castle on 149th was closed down due to unknown factors ugh! Wtf!
Why must my gf be so fashionable?
In the past week I've tried to use "joyeggerichs" for 2 separate account name & it was already taken. I'm getting scared. Who are you!?
love the picture. Classic!
Need help with your fun raiser? Call us...
I can't wait! Hurry August.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO! i thought i was a dumbass
I just found a penny with a pube on it. Threw out the pube, kept the penny.
Just helped my roomie with the war torn area called her room.
Koelsch of says she can observe generational differences in the stories. Older vets do NOT want to be considered feminists
As though you're such a joy to be around, the phone just rings off the hook.
what up can I be in teamtunechi too lol
testing twitter and facebook
Just got to Vegas, I'm smoking a cigar at Don Vicente's, I'll be at Tao tonight!!
August calendar is more packed than the rest of the year put together. Crazy. CRAZY! Hope it makes the month fly by.
I made a grammatical error in a tweet. Here, hold by drink while I go jump off the Internet.
Umm ... is the person who commented on your blog serious?
Obama is asking for 450 billion dollars for jobs plan for another failure. America, we have to wake up
Thanks Cindy, that means a lot. Looking forward to your workshop next month and congrats on your Bootleg gig!
rare twitter appearance. it feels almost monumental.
Get here by 6:15pm. Tweet me when you're here!! I'll DM you some info, too
Healthy and tasty lunch sandwich: rye bread, avocado, smoked salmon and tomato. Rich in omega-3 fats, protein and fiber.
You should add our San Diego Dishcrawl event to your list!
haha, I hope he avoids getting sent down. A real possibility
whatever happened to the proposal to do away with DST entirely? Just moving the date doesn't help any.
Thank you for the RT... and I don't take success too seriously ;-) Abz!
Fascinating tweets coming out of b.a.n.g lab () from #dronesathome conference
It's Pick a Present time!! woo-hoo & good luck! -Kristin Burns
you got sum nice kullah...yea...good kullah
Now, are they serving alcohol at the track during this, the 6:00am hour?
Packing packing and more packing only 3 weeks to go till I'll be back in the States :-)!!!!!!
OMG you're watching it?! :P isn't it good?!?!
Statistics state that the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday! We hope you have a GREAT day #Denver!
Happy friday !! And later today, Critial Mass Miami
Really interesting...talking about creating a global Digital Engagement broker tool of sort to link together
- when you coming to hit some jumpers at G Road. You know its your house - #Bulldog4Life. Also I thought of u today
Tommy Boy
still can't believe i met the ICONic Boyz yesterday...omg. it was the best day everr(:
Was it silly of me to hand wash my car today, even though its schedule to rain later this week?
Thanks goodness for the internet. Lets go nuggets!!!
Also, happy mothers day to and because they're such great mothers! :)
Just about anywhere that sells scrapbooking supplies. I was just looking at some today at
I miss harry potter so much i keep crying
That hurts.
5 habits of women with gorgeous shiny hair
Definitely leave it in!
I got swag
yeah, you could do both but being jealous and full of envy is never the way to be. It's hard to avoid and it's your choice.
Trying to make this vitamin water last all day is gonna be hard
In the lab like always
thanks taylor!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
All these old ladies obsess over Dr. Oz. So funny.
Everything cool, how have you been? Yo we gotta get together.
I just be talking the majority of the time. Don't pay me no mind..
When I was growing up we didn't have Twitter, we just had bumper stickers
Retweet if you check my twitter once a day (just curious) xx
They're making us use a PC. So. Lost.
have it at the Coeur d'Alene resort. Then and I can come :)
my black sandals that I left at your house the other day remember? and your black cardigan?
When you show love, it returns the favor. What you choose to do reflects like a mirror!
Go Big Blue!
She's actually very tall, Josh. It's one of her super hero traits that she masks in daily life.
miss you too. when are you coming to nashvegas?
tropic thunder
I need to have another gathering lol I like seeing ppl drunk cuz it don't be me drunk cuz I never drink lol
Next, a hierarchy of anxiety-evoking stimuli or situations is composed and the woman is trained to imagine the situations while...
Phones charged now back to the action.
hahaha.. oh sorry, you are definitely the youngest... lol
-_- not a good goat chaser
The first thing that I woke up with on my mind was "hspa scores" ..
of course you did!
is so easy. Put a request for 2 guys with a truck to move my apartment for $300 & received 4 legit offerings in 24hrs!
I'd stab you through the heart, if I thought you had one.
A sign in Senser case? RT: They brought us chairs as we sit and wait, wait, wait for a verdict. My back is happy.
RT : Hamels had successful surgeries today on elbow and hernia. Expects to resume throwing in 3-4 weeks.
- thanks for a great rate, $239 (same as last year) for #FLBS. Early bird upgrade!
RT : BR is looking to hire someone with 3-5 yrs of agency account management experience to work on one of our newest accounts.
My road ain't yo road, but trust I know just where I'm going! My flow ain't yo flow but I know just how I'm flowing!
In the last 6 days I booked 5 different bands to paying gigs, I create work. ;) I dont just be on twitter all day..F.A.M.E.INC
Snow day Jan. 18!
RT RT : Happy Columbus Day! I'm celebrating by walking into a strangers' house and telling them I own it now.
rst initial <U+0093>D<U+0094> have the shortest life expectancy.
The real tragedy of The Titanic is, the movie.
If you have been directly or indirectly affected by drug addiction you should be supporting Chris Herrons "Project Purple"= thats everyone!!
Settling in for #AmazingRace. Paraguay? I wanted them to go to Uruguay! (Loved it there, but not as much as I loved Argentina.)
Good Lord-is there any way to keep these spammers out of my interactions/mentions feed??
They could get in a good snowball fight too. The snow on the ground is great for that!
I miss Lauryn Hill.
“ If someone is interested they will show it. The girl shouldn't have to. #OldFashionedOpinion”
Metta World's Piece of Shit
Nice to chat with you, and thanks for the brew! Good luck with the boat discernment process. Let me know if I can be helpful.
OH: You got beer all over the stroller!
Secret, secret, I gotta secret
UK research suggests that Red Clover may protect women advised to stop HRT from the risk of osteoporosis.
The best day is a day off from work.
He would definitely be good on Twitter.
absolutely. the money is worthless, if the time you spend making it is overwhelmingly stressful.
Thats not my twitter name..... And why ??(:
is unsettled and out-of-sorts today
Ah, to be in some calm, sun-lit reading room at a public library in Fort Worth.
Happy Thanksgiving Small Business Owners! No matter the shape, size or challenges of your business, be thankful today that you have it.
I wish :(...not getting our appartment until the end of July!
what game?
I like it when he puts is right in the koozie. #that'sthespot
I have a feeling and I will be fighting for the mayorship all through
Miracles happen when I order a Diet Pepsi at the drive thru and actually GET a Diet Pepsi and not Regular Pepsi. No miracle today.
May I ask what the point is?
so far, it's been a productive writing day since it's too damp and chilly outside to want to play...
Happy birthday enjoy ur day
I don't wanna fall asleep I just wanna be with him
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Orlando! When they come through drop in say WASSSUUPP!
Great ideas come w/ haste. And once they're in writing the publish button seems to blink: now, now, now. I.e. typo, schmypo
Peace is our gift to each other. ~ Elie Wiesel
Incredible how a Santorum presidency is basically a guaranteed war with Iran
Fuck this shit I'm going to sleep I am not doing this stupid handout.
You're welcome. <3
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. ~Albert Einstein
I do Gavin Degraw, Jason Mraz and Michael Buble too, may do one of those, gotta sleep on it
I just got a handwritten letter in the mail from
Approximately 15 hours of sleep in the past three days. Lots of Search-and-Rescue work. Need sleepytime.
has wonderful and valuable information for actors who want serious and long lasting careers.
Uecker was such a tease with that call.
Well... Great night with my pledge bros!
TSOI-NY went to Webster Hall to see of heart and it was sold out! No dice 4 me.
you say you can't have kids but you hate people like who want people like yourself to be a mom.
It's been a long, trying couple of weeks, but things should settle down a bit now, need to refocus and execute the fundamentals
#Buckeyes need to lean how to catch a punt
It very well may be that 98.1 WKZE out of Red Hook would entice me to move to Salisbury, CT. Would love to hear it driving everyday.
yeah but they're so famous.
Time always reveals who is about their piece of "real estate" and who is about the Kingdom of God. Be patient and led by the Holy Spirit.
omg crying bless
THANKS its appreciated
#WeLoveWATIC so much. Sweetest band ever.<3
Another unique and rare opportunity offered by SEWIFMA. Join us for the Aurora Summit Hospital Program and Tour on January 10th. RSVP today!
No, #SokkaIsARavenclaw. What makes me think you've been debating this with ?
Listening to ATLiens high.. and I can believe the hype now. Definitely.
what sucks is I never got his autograph and he's the one I want the most! :)
I wanna go to the moves. To have sex there.
just laying in bed, u?
one of the best books ever. almost used it for my senior quote...then chose Calvin and Hobbes
Back in New York!!! Back home, been away too long
Happy Friday, everyone. I hope all you Oakies enjoy your weekends!
sad story.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
When people are stupid enough to talk about you to one of your best friends
Present Idea: As Lame As It May Sound, The Louis Vuitton City Guide Seems Like A Great Present To Me
good job, and sleep well
"King", show them' what time it is down in H-Town...represent for your people!!!#pride/respect
Let's do it! RT : As your guest said, we got rid of smallpox! Why not?
We had an instant connection
THe bEAUtiful SImmonS I love HIM
NEW ORLEANS CRAZY RIP JOSH
Buffet Sideboards: Marion Server in Black
thanks girl :) and kks in sed you a picture but you def will be judging us #classyhoes lol
haha, right?! Girl, we've got an app for that. Don't you worry
Amen. But what on earth created a Daisy Duck/Minnie Mouse line of thinking?
once red cafe drops that 3hunna freestyle he gonna be buzzing.
no problem kiddo :) I am always here for you even in Louisiana :)
Can't go wrong with Sunny D and an Egg Mcmuffin in the morning.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME I NEED TO KNOW WHO LIVES
watchaa doing l
Why are kids obese? Maybe because Burgers are $.99, & Salads are $4.99
follow me <3
Open mic question: what's an example of a bad user experience with technology?
look up mayday parade - three cheers for five years acoustic
I feel like my whole week and weekend consisted of stress, stress, and Steven.
God put them here for us to enjoy them. Even in a shit mood boobies make me feel better.
RT When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
@ "gats"? i swear, i haven't been drinking ;-)
so excited to see you! (:
Thanks! RT great job on Easy to forget how far you've come. Keep up the good work.
what if I buy the tickets?!
I just woke up from a bad/sad dream my alarm was going off and there was some weird ass brown bug in my bed I'm shitty...
I'm really tired of being the last person in the office.
Why do u like messing with my head :\
Oh my gosh. Just ask me out already.. :(
damn I thought I unblocked that shit
Hello, hello, hello. :P
Thanks glad you're digging it!
the coolest girl ever. :)
Susan N. Dreyfus, WA Dept of Soc. & Hlth. Svcs Sec., joins Families Int'l, Inc. as pres. & CEO on 1/2/12 replacing the late Peter Goldberg.
11:30 = cindyboo's bedtime :) ...... Oh what do you know, look what time it is ;D goodnight <3
Suns out, guns out.
that wasn't the only thing I wrote... I also called him an asshole...and a jerk I think lol
RT : Everything you read online and see on TV isn't true. If it can be edited, it probably is.
My April 19th order from hasn't even been shipped despite being told on the 4th that it would ship w/i 24 hours. Bogus.
Those people with no jackets and short sleeved shirts must be COOLLDDD!
GIVE EM MOTIVATION EVEN WHEN I KNOW DEY HATING
We are full of Easter ham and all the goodies! Hope your was a good one too!
I don't understand how my CD is supposed to get here by Tuesday when it hasn't even shipped yet! WTF Amazon!?
Burnd my arm on the fuckn iron
care to share a link?
Stupid people amaze me daily. RT : Who walks over an operational train's coupling as a shortcut???
I can't eat tea cake at all any more because of The Importance of Being Earnest!
you blew up my phone
What are the Lakera trying to do offensively ?
Apparently food news is in short supply on food-loving holidays... How was everyone's Thanksgiving? Any unique eats this year?
That's So Sweet. I'll Defintely Help Trend #ConstancioSwag For
Also, I'm going to start calling more people bums.
hey! you are cool lets BFF
I know if people knew , really knew Jesus, they would love Him so much because He is so good.
You and I, you and I are together!
Got a broken windshield? Get 3 instant quotes for auto glass replacement. Fast, Free, Easy with mobile service from local shops.
good to see you today! stay dry!
hahahaha oh no!! Bad Cowboy!! He could have had the decency to eat your sweats or something less important!
Bro u just mad yo team down by 30 lol guaranteed sweep put yo money up
How have I never heard of the Green Diamond Gallery? One-day trip to Chicago sounds like a blast.
"Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
SO. DIFFICULT.
Folks in Hampden and Remington are worried and angry about proposed Wal-Mart on 25th st. What is your position?
you tweet, and then I tweet you. Then you dont tweet anymore. Lol what?
Bathroom Politics as a potential show title: Disaster or sure-fire hit?!
omg my feelings is soo hurt lol
ours is tonight too!!
Ugh I hate ignorant, stupid, dumb ass people.
I have a feeling I'm going to become a inatagram whore. Follow me!- DANMARCELLA
If you tell me you are going to do something, do it! It's simple.
When girls on Facebook fish for compliments and talk about being in love...
I worked at a gun range when I was 14
i put this squarely on your shoulders... if they lose that is. :-)
Haven't heard that song in forever. Hope your movie is good.
Amen! TY for the #sunstandstill tweet. ^staff RT : You do the natural. Trust God for the super.
Thanks Ladybug. I enjoyed it.
I'm currently listening to Take Care (feat. Rihanna) by Drake on my iPod touch.
Downtown going to be nasty next week glad there's no class
#padcampli do we really need textbooks? how about curating resources from online
Yes, they do. LOL
Happy Easter for all everyone!
Have a productive day everyone! :)
is it bruised and really swollen? Mine had that but weren't TOTALLY unbearably painful. If it stays bad - Xray. ICE for now.
Whatever haha you wouldn't love me if I was normal.
There's a Malibu at Holly with my name on it! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
The chill Sunday's are the best ^.^
Meisel: calls on us to claim sacred practice of hospitality that defines us as Presbyterians.
Just this one thing.
Oh Robert's voice is so sexy, he has to use a condom while speaking, otherwise he'd knock us up. (;
I have seen a strangely large number of Metallica t-shirts in the past few days.
very nice gathering of intellectuals
Lol! U at work?
I know a lot of successful people who chose not to "pull their pants up"...
Thanks for the Retweet. I pray your week is blessed with God's presence.
stepbrothers... Get with the program
when we meet in 2006 she was only a baseball fan. I accept her as a Pens/Steelers fan. She got decals for her car on her own
YAY doesnt either. I say we have an amazing twitter party & all the people who have school arent invited? ok? hah
Cannot wait to get a manicure after work.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I am thankful for being able to help and touch the lives of countless numbers of others ~
I'm starting to think the boy thinks all DJs' primary function is to hang out in a make-believe land after they're done spinning.
Thanks for including me on the sacbiztweets Daily! Cheers. ; )
Next time I'm there i need to free climb the Galata Tower and parachute off the top into the Bosphorus. Ezio has all the fun.
LinkedIn Trainer (LinkedInTrainer) thanks for the follow.
"Sexy doesn't have to be a tan blonde girl showing off her goodies." - Hayley Williams (SPIN 7/10)
Wish or will?will or wish?.
Is there something wrong with a man speaking differently to a woman than he would to a man? Absolutely not.
My brown glasses are gone. Time to replace them with 5 more pairs.
its not bad
Ha ha Will you are Oprah!
yes you would love the deals on Clearwater Beach right now. You can get a studio condo for $150,000. Now that's a deal!
Bar on the ave says "Closed for a long vacation"... I don't get it.
:)! hope U'r having a great day :) just tweeted to make it happen!!! #iwantMandyback :)
omg I just asked #oomf the most awkwardest question of my life..
Why did I read n+1's attempted takedown of Pitchfork? What was I expecting?
Everyone follow :) she has amazing tweets about Justin and Austin!:) RT if you did!!!! She can get u followers!!!!
gonna miss you, felt like I knew ya! :(
Nyquil shooter bfor beddy, makes me fuzzy, tmmrw morn will b here too soon!
EBSCO databases are down at the #USF #Library. We hope they will be back up soon.
Tonight's $5 Happy Hour Cocktail is the Bee’s Knees - Gin, honey, lemon juice. Come on in and try it!
I like to thank everyone for following RIFT. Join us watching it in theaters April 29. Trust me you wont be disappointed! It's crazy intense
I agree but I love them all. Cody = sexier, Maxx = cuter :P they have their own categories to me :)
is that a problem???
ALways looking for the next gadget Photos from The Legend of Zelda 25th Anniversary Symphony Concert in Los Angeles on Oct. 21, 2011. --(
Congrats! RT : Great night! won the Spirit of Service award! $10,000 from Deloitte!
#Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart dead at 43. Left behind wife, 4 kids. Be #fearless & #passionate, but don't take health for granted!
Hey Carson! Awesome print background image!
Just remembered today is Wing Tuesday! :)
Not playin no mo
“: tell that you dot catch a monster every time you go fishing.” I do.
Cincy going to a zone early in 2nd half completely allowed horns to get back in it.
I'm sorry but that is the funniest damn thing I've heard of in a long time! I can relate...I have my own iphone stories...
words can't explain how much i wanna go shopping
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 14
I'm dvr'ing for now. But I can't wait to watch. I love #HartOfDixie. It's my favorite feel good show. Team Zwade! LOL.
Lets Do It Lol Im Down With You!!
Happy Monday everyone! #BeckettBowl tonight! We're so excited for it!
Finally hunkering down to START working on my taxes today. Will try to be FINISHED by Monday.
I need some fun in my life
Me neither : ) RT : nah, was not up to it
i talk with a lisp when i wear this thing in my mouth. lolol~ it sounds funny. Im gonna go make fun of myself...
why would u post that on twitter lol u couldn't have texted me? Haha and okay I will!
Now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray. I've been kissed by a rose on the gray. I've been kissed by a rose
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
who's the backup Q.B.?
Am I getting used to the cold? 27 f and I don't need hat and gloves here in Park City, Utah
I'm pretty good. Just relaxing in my comfy bed. Livin' the good life :D
Just received my "Home Taxidermy" correspondence course materials in the mail. The dog's looking at me funny. She's clearly over-performing.
Without Ronaldo Man U sucks.
Bahahaha!!! Ah. Memories =)
RT : Traditions must be broken and methods must be changed to embrace the next level!
*New Obsession
One day you’re gonna remember me and how much I loved you… then you’re gonna hate yourself for letting me go.
thanks :) it's very nostalgic
I can't wait for to come today!!!!!!! And every day this week!
But the Hail Typos would be pointless. The Alphabet God is dead. He drowned. In soup.
Apparently, today is the Revenge of the Fifth.
not having a final until Wed... great now, horrible on Friday
RT : Rooftop dining and midday margs? Yes, please! (@ Iron Cactus w/ 3 others)
« the way you make me feel.. its just unexplainable.»
yeah, well wait til you see tomorrow's 'hidden' video
True Love Never Dies, It Only Gets Stronger With Time.<3
oh, because jars open themselves, right?
good luck finding an elevator that fits 30 people!
P.S. I was upset! Thx 2 my arthritis, I mistakenly rec'd my AARP card only weeks before :)
Sitting in on a gayla graves band practice with sounds great!
Have fun!
Haven't seen "Volcano Pants" in forever! I love Samurai Davis Jr and Dim Sum's #supermegahappyfuntimeimprovshow !!
Finally made it back home!
MT : Tonight's lesson: although the moon seems larger, it's the same size as always. Please take this experience into daily life
It would be so cool to hold a joint social event there with #smbmad and peeps who like burgers. Can we make a Capital Burger?
Looks like I may be on my way to Europe for a three year tour at SNK, Bratislava, Sk. Likely to be the largest digital archiving project...
Not in this class. These are grown up peoples...
What is the point of Gary Cahill again?
Watching American Idol...it's amazing how much talent is left undiscovered! Life Success helps people discover their talent...empowerment!
Yeh reading eco_thoughts book, thinking "Dasein" and hyphenated-multi-word packages about thought-in-time (see?)
haha I shouldnt have kicked you in the head in grade school.
you too!
Stagecoach 2012: Brad Paisley talks Tupac image, new album - Los Angeles Times
Not being able to taste anything cause you're sick<<<<<
RT: : I tweeted that I wished had delivery and what happens? They are at our front door! I love !!! >>Wow!
reeeeeallll freaky naughty
I think my world just ended. ):
Starting a new job on Monday...feels like the weekend before the first day of school! Excited, nervous, and ready all at the same time!
yes, my handsome baby brother
also, unfortunately I sat down on a repurposed wheel cart and thought NYC was having another earthquake...: (
So when your lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still #TurnToYou <3
True, true.
Are there any strings attached to the Time Warner Road Runner triple play Internet for 89.99? Calling now...fingers crossed.
lmao. Brutha trynna get some chicken and waffles. We gotta hit the beach out there
Obama To Super Committee: Get It Done, But I'm Outta Here via
:O I've played through it like 4 times already. Wish it worked for you It's extremely fun
chillen while she burn the Fire hits on cds for me! She's the greatest ... So whats popping TweetHearts??? Kisses Muah...
Could watching an Oregon Vs Baylor game be possible for your eyes
If you haven't see what Zagro Mosaic is offering, you're missing out. WOW, WOW, and may we say WOW!!!
#SuperACAC karaoke night w/ !! #badromance is about to bring the house down
Tell the guys that I am your friends and that we play togheter..We do great show for ATL
Its not too late to have a great night!
I just think that teaching & human beings are more important than a lot of other things. what is the purpose of college now?
TRAFFIC: Bridge Remains Closed - Seminole Hwy over the beltline - finishing up construction work from overnight - ETA: 7am
Check out Die as you fall!!!
love the way he "stutters" that
Boom! In and out. Called got it to go in 15 min. Who's your daddy? Or rather who's your Edamame? (@ Boom Noodle - Bellevue)
thank God your ok. One more win to super bowl<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>!! Good luck in San Fran. Make us proud<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
hanging out with melanie, marissa, & vanessa(:
If it snows again, I'm coming after you. Lol.
Bro gets to geeked when Jeezy comes on lol
you missed out on Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soungarden, Alice in Chains. Don't miss Alabama Shakes. Really Journey,Rush, 80's sucked
Ohh read our special swine fever report and we promise not to sell you anything
All my gal-pals who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a picture
#Red Sox to toast Fenway's 100th by raising pint glasses and a drumstick.// we love that dirty water.
Eminem and lil Wayne - marshall Carter mixtape is pure fire
No1 Heckles anymore
Whoever wins the Pacers/Heat series will win the NBA Finals!
Lacking in Monday Morning motivation today...spin pick-me-up at noon to kick start a little productivity
Ask Sutter if he'll continue to keep the team in a hotel during home games.
When you fell right on my thigh and tell me that your melting everythings not fine when your right here by my side
you in jersey or no
I violently disagree re convo w marketing- that's your world's glowing achievement.
i like my music real LOUD real LOUD ( :
we love for lunch in the area!
Don’t Miss out! Dell's Inspiron duo will be launching soon, be the first to know!
Good enough. Have a great time!
Hey , flying yet again & only with !
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
You dont have to fit in because you were unique from birth. God only designed one of you!
Mashed potatoes and chicken nuggets = happy me!
Mother #Self-care is non-negotiable! Join the #1MillionMovement for moms today!
Trivia is no game
There's been a load of compromisin' on the road to my horizon...
ready fo the first pre season game of the year
WHO TO FOLLOW: SUPER TWEEPS!
Only one person in STUGO for the freshmen class? I'm disappointed...
i miss you text me wen u can<3
finger rolls and egg rolls
"A fly in the ointment isn't nearly as disastrous as a spider in the lube."
Tmrrw UND Fighting Sioux take the ice in 1st round NCAA tourney. They will not be wearing their the Sioux logo. Hear from fans later tnite.
Is the final 20 minutes of hockey for the ? 3rd period is NEXT!
I like you.
Interviews w/ , , , & are going up this week! Keep checking back for details!
Drinking a glass of cheap a$$ Icehouse beer that my father bought while at work... don't worry I own it so I can do that!!!
Shadyside House tour today.
lmaooo! That sounds like something I would've done, hahaha
RT : Word RT Check out live tweeting #Bisnow event on digital advocacy RIGHT NOW.
Steaks on the grill and rice on the stove with heat in the air and the sun still a-shining! life is good!
lol you abandoned me i thought u got married or something wassup
New asphalt on 8th makes driving to work a joy. Whee, silky smooth!
Omega3s are so effective in a study 60% of neck&back-pain patients taking fish-oil supplements were able to stop using NSAID pain relievers
I'm going to corner you in an elevator to give you some DISCIPLES stickers
continuing to pack for Los Angeles. Zeppelin's "Going to California" is the theme song for the next week!
digital technologies will be able to help this medium reach the consumers better.
Inhale the kushhh, then I blow out.
its not over with yet the best part might be coming up lol i said might
#three-0 let's go eh
Cleaning + Shakira = DANCING (burning fat) lol
There's a lot more to everything than any of you know.
My favorite part of the evening news is when Brian Williams features people making a difference. Always an inspiration!
The pre-acquisition Adobe AIR based TweetDeck. And yes, I realize how absurd that must sound.
Wax on wax off
whoa. let's go.
Have you guys listened to #WatchMe by
thank u! I've been saying that same thing.
Back in the game! Nice, Matt
burque is always nice and chile... :) RT Beautiful day today. Nice and chilly.
I have been trying to change my Twitcon for almost an hour. WTF. I am about to give up - leaving the pic the way it is. UGH!
They say the easiest man to con is a con man..depends on how much dough you stack in front of him...worked with plenty of them in my time..
Who remembers playing spoon or sporks
Today & tommorw we will be annoucing the winners of tickets to Wed. Vertical Fashion Show at Revere...Last Chance to enter coming up!
The way today is going, its highlight is probably going to be Top Chef.
OH: all of our Internet comes from canada
WHYS CANT I FOLLOW PEOPLE BAK!! It says i reached my limit :( when is it lifted/?
interesting. okay.
that's what fucking happens when you can't knock down free throws and let a team stay in the game. damn just keep outing pts on the board!!
May you all enjoy this day of commemoration and remembrance. How will you celebrate this Easter weekend?
ROUTE 44 OUNCE
S/O to for being awesome!! I may not know her but she seems like a great contestant to cheer for in the competitions!!
Who wants a shoutout!
Today in 1941, the Jews of Lesko, Poland, were transported to Zaslaw, Poland, and executed
ohh sorry i meant to say hi to youu
Take me out to the ballgame take me out to the bar!! Get me sum peanuts and pabst 6packs then I want sum of Mcsorleys Black...tbc
"Mr. President, remember when the country rallied around you in the hopes of a better tomorrow? That was hilarious..." -Jimmy Kimmel
you're the prettiest girl I know.
Please tweeps check your grammar when emailing. Looks bad when you are trying to influence many. It's all in the details.
How I finish my presentations: so, um...yea..
And I feel the same way. You just have no idea.
"Reading is no substitute for action." Colleen Wainwright
My body is its own alarm clock, but it got unplugged this morning.
oh wow, it didn't take that long for me :)
Great meetup w/ at #angeloregon on #pdxtech I'm all in! Good luck today. CC: ^me
I mean, that right there shows to me that it isn't correct..
Get some bedard!!!
There was that one game i got hit with a bat from Eric Byrnes :/ Still going to take my 11yo Season ticket holder 6 yrs
Lesson learned from a community program for refugees: don't separate by age groups, there's more dialogue when mixed.
So many scores for #CMAConference... get ready! Also, we may or may not be providing hand-pulled Aeropress coffee, care of yours truly : )
out bossing around like a total boss
is on the right track gurl
Its 4/20...I Feel Like Im Supposed To Be Doing Something...I Just Can't Remember What....
my shopping list includes: pocket squares and a tie bar for sure!
I mean they might have well have given them gift cert to Carmax
YES!! Who's in?? And what's the reward once we get there?? ;-)
I just want to stop worring about everything
#whyilovecanada Hockey, enough said.
I really only like to wear straight hair with short nails.
RT @ Have you had 's Double IPA? It's 9.5% ABV! Cascade hops used to create citrus flavor you're sure to love!
this conversation just ended
Yes, sappy, i know lol
Haha thank you :)
will do!
Hate goin to the doctor
Can I join your guild? I will reroll a Vanguard on Ajunta Pall.
love how you never talk to me anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I'm good wassup with you
Great shot dood. Good to see you at refresh. Peas ot.
she called me she also called my friend
i got it-can't wait to wear! and also got a blue tank to wear under, you can kinda see it in the pic :) cc:
The human belly button is like a turkey timer. When it pops out you are done.
that's awesome!! Keep up the great work!
#TMZ your disreguard for MJ's kids and mine make me want to sue you for irresponsibility The picture should have had a link. IRRESPONSIBLE
Colton on American Idol - great song choice. So simple yet so captivating. Fantastic! Best this week hands down.
Still wondering-if Starbucks were around in Shakespeare's day-would he have gone there to write?
Gonna be tonight with & If you're in the 805 tonight be sure to stop by! Drink specials all night!
I'm looking forward to this year's #NFLDraft!
This weekend, I'm gonna take a picture of all ze TRS merch I own. More t-shirts than anything else though. Get stoked.
Philanthropy needs functioning democracy to do it's work
Not quit per say, but kick the daily habit ;) Trying to lose the caff addiction!
i know he will play it low key, but a top AAU coach who seems to have friends nation wide has to be on top of uh list M.L
I wish I had... It was very disconcerting to say the least!
This week needs to go by quickly. I want it to be Friday already!
I believe we had a solo flex!
Head spinning with thoughts about that one girl 4-3-12(:
i love Canada
Yes! That movie was the best thing I saw in a museum all year.
Animal House Tuesdays<U+261E> $3 THREE OLIVES ALL NIGHT W/ STUDENT ID CARD<U+261E> $4 WELLS & CALLS/ $3 BEERS<U+261E> 1AM POWERHOUR SINGLES BECOME DOUBLES TIL...
#GIANTSCHAT Hi Anita and Paul Do you think TC will cure Wilson's fumble problem like the Tiki experiment?
no problem!!! Love you too!!
You gotta promo me too :) I need more followers
Abraham Lincoln vampire hunter.... wonder how he missed killing #nicholascage back in the day?
No need to apologize. Love you all the same. Get yourself healthy, and try to make the most of your time away
you are not steph! Cute pic bud
How do you march in a parade BEFORE you were born?This guy is god!
'I would implore my colleagues to stop playing games'
The devastating moment when he tells you the girl he likes.. And it's not you.
All girls mainly take pictures that way. It's cute. Some may not look right to just you.
You don't know what a big dick look like?
d-h-n.de » Blog Archive » Setup DNS for SCAN used in Oracle RAC ...
Left that out to lol my bad
lol I'm sorry I'm just seeing this but we're both fine! Thanx for asking! How are u? And I wish u luck in the army!
#orwant "This is a supplement not a subsitute for print" Yes!
Catching up with old friends and making lots of new ones
I think if I become a regular food network show judge where I get to eat all the time, I'd be happy.
Hey Hannah thanks for following me :) When you have a sec later check out my music..I'm sure you'll enjoy it :)
It's madness at the ATT center.. go spurs..
Prosecutor grabs door #Huguely kicked in and said this wasn't about having a quiet chat.
Omg ! Guess who I saw today after school -__-
try being a gay guy, it's SO weird. They are so mean too. Lol
Yes! 2nd Sun is also our new Latino Arts and Culture Family Day! RT : are you all still doing 2nd Sunday brunch?
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.....
its okay dude haha. You just gotta chill with us again sometime!
Hey, I actually grow the whole thing out, but it's just more pronounced above my lip so everyone thinks I'm trying to Ron Swanson.
Congratulations to 2011 Scripps National Spelling Bee Winner Sukanya Roy! You're an inspiration to all!
you rock...thanks and looking forward...
WOW, that was so familiar it brought tears to my eyes. My daughters are 11 now and “Our life is good. Really. It is.”
I disagree. Madison WI public schools are great. Milwaukee public schools aren't. It has to do w/ socioeconomics.
Elbo Room Tonight 9-12 Acoustic set, gonna try some new tunes out... Come on out.
When Romney ate grits, the waitress asked him how he liked his eggs. He said sunny side up, scrambled, over easy, boiled and poached.
it's the weekend! AND it's SUMMER?? hope you're all having fun and drinking plenty of alcohol! it's good for you ;D
they pick me up
Enjoying another beautiful day working the home-based business!
Last time I checked I did not have a cotton tail so that makes me a Confirmed MeatAtarian -- All Meats is the way to go!!
hope everyone had a great weekend!! We sure did! We did a party this weekend that was 60's themed! alot of work, but it turned out great!
/// So whats the word with Bosh?
Hanging out with #likeaboss :)
Going to a callback today... Hoping to break something.
That weird moment when you look at somebody & you dont Know you was and they "uh" & you Like "what nigga" haha
I slept like a baby <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
HELL TO PAY: snappish John Taylor, Nightside's infamous PI, investigating an immortal's kidnapping - light reading. great series
Not even friend you pass my test :-)
Me & aren't friends anymore.
Are you going to be in MN when I'm there, from the 6th-12th of Jan.?
yeah sure! <3
I just know that it dumbfounds me. Maybe most people don't expect immediate results or something
Is #SaySomethin going to be on iTunes!?!?!?
Suggest a challenge for Igor. For every TheGymPro Groupon sold, Igor will...
thanks for the #ff, and have a great weekend!
Oh prom drama don't miss it one bit
Manhattan, Upper West Side
Not sure I like the upgrade; every time I tap to scroll down, the article closes. Instapaper thinks everything is
"and you need to know what nobody ever told you..."
The Boston MSBL Age 30+ Tryout is Sat, March 3. The MABL Age 18+ Tryout is Sun, March 11. Both are 8AM at Extra Innings in Woburn.
same just got back to blogging a lot more content now...today has been crazy w/ all the #nba trade stuff and #nfl signings
On a single winged word hath hung the destiny of nations. -Wendall Phillips
Happy Friday everyone!
uh oh. We'll get it worked out. Chat with and we'll get you all set for tomorrow.
Jackie for Governor.
RT thank you kindly for the #shoutout, Have a Blessed Monday!
SO EXCITED FOR THIS WEEKEND
: is really on the pulse! #NotJustTheory #theLaw #
Came up with idea of replacing coffee carafe I broke last week with a vase. Then we successfully brewed coffee into the vase.
7.5 million! # of women & babies who die/yr because of poor maternal health. more than AIDS, TB & Malaria combined. where is the outrage???
don't trust the guy named Ray in apt 23! :)
:O what have you done to your puppies to flatten them?
Thanks so much for the RT!!
Klout says I'm influential about coffee. They must not understand the difference between coffee and tea.
We made it to the Alien Road Trip Mecca! Hopefully we don't get abducted in our sleep...
Morning! Almost gym time.
Looks like that %4.00 mortgage rate is a LOCK!
Technical problems at Fox as we can hear the audio from the feed echoing from perhaps the pundits room?
needs 2 help explain how he sees fire on the scoreboards 2 listeners on for those that haven't seen it!
did u enjoying visiting Philly, my hometown?
Hadn't seen signs of the Desk Fairy in so long, I thought ze didn't love me anymore. But this morning, ze left two walnut fragments. Yay!
You did a great job yesterday. It was so nice to meet you in person, and I wish we'd had more time! Thanks for inviting me.
Cool! Could you share that?
Lol I asked some random girl at the cross walk if she could see my ass
New office furniture arrived today. Enjoying it greatly. Anticipating the remaining bundle with delight!
yes please.
Upon review that "guy" is actually a woman. Looks like the creepy prince in indiana jones and the temple of doom
dont let this iJever jerk give you a hard time! You work hard and that's why you have 400K followers :)
and I are going to get a rat and call it Pancho. If he's sassy, we're going to call him Pancho Villa. Pancho sounds better
hossa and torres
I have been splintered by that bar before. Fortunately my hand and not my face.
whoa! thats awesome!!!!! thanks we'll figure out something to use that for. feel free to keep makin JADED stuff :)
Chillin on my back deck in this beautiful outside weather. Someone come chill with me. Seriously. i have coffee <3 hmu :)
oh shit. me too.. alright, ima drop out tomorrow after first hour
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!! :) *brings out dancing lobsters* <3
No! It won't be the same without you!! We'll have to plan a proper Oberon outing then!
will do!
Just woke up:)
I smell like pool :-D
The future is looking bright, and caffeinated: 'In the Future, Everything Will be a #Coffee Shop' via
There may be some Republicans aboard.
got knocked off by a wave
NFL Network.
My smile is so big right now it isn't funny. again I am glad my husband is not computer smart
same hearing lemonade mouth
Andrew!!! oh yeah...it's real, my brother. it's great to hear from you...missed you at NAMM...
My rubber band ball is growing. If only I was staying at this job longer....so many rubber bands.
RT : There are two types of Republicans: millionaires and suckers. <<< THIS!
Video floor is AWESOME!!
The next movie on the list to see: The Hunger Games.
is rude, ratchet & ruins people's lives.
Braised Tomahawk short ribs w cheddar mashed potatoes & bourbon caramel sauce! YUM!!!
lol, no. why do you think that?
happy - my best friend is coming over to town.
That's impressive.
You can't expect me to be fine, I don't expect you to care I know I've said it before, But all of our bridges burned down
In summer, the song sings itself. William Carlos Williams
I hate to hear someone say "You look good today!"
Informal survey: how many of my milennial counterparts believe a work/life blend (not balance) is their new mantra? Thoughts?
You did it!!! 500 likes! Sleepwalkers unite!!! -T
I'll be glad when Suga Foot gets in so he can get in the bed. #missing my baby!!
was really nice meeting you last night. Have a good trip home and hit me up when you coming back:-)
On my way to the H....bye austin
Yes! , it is the photo you took for the -good shot!
they will
question do groups like slaughterH share one big fee equally or all usually have diff payout amounts per show ??
Good news everyone! The new Gretsch George Harrison Tribute guitar is ONLY $12,000. WTF?
hey I'm sorry but I have tweetlimit on Dm's AGAIN! D:
Not as much as me!!
Good Morning Baltimore eats some hot steamed crabs from one of Baltimore's crab houses. Enjoy the day relaxing with family and friends.
It's homemade bread and epic lasagna day!
lol man tell me how I'm I'm the studio already with jwhite Bruh
well this really sucks
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance. -Alexander Pope
Looks like a Cuban cuisine kind of night.
RT : Sometimes, as an educator, you are the only one who knows you are doing a good job. #d2l11 (via )
yea, but he has a crazy controlling wife that teeters between killing him and not killing him.
It's official, I don't understand people
20 years later, but its fine im just in a bad mood. whats up?
in btls. Only a couple of cases left.
Let's see how productive I can be tonight. Club Snell til 10pm
Just got a message from VSTE reminding us of the conference. I can't wait til it starts!!!
yes but a small one
all i have to say is you will get the NASTIEST sext anyone has ever laid eyes on. wet on the spot.
The site looks great! Congratulations, wishing you lots of success!
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can
Yes, wanna take the sync or swim challenge?
What if we came out in the platinums and balled out
Did you know PDXers can get "Sungover?"
In describing science of an issue, suggests breaking it into basics that are solid, then talk about unknown
Wow. My spelling ability is apparently delayed this morning.
Nice- y'all in summer training yet?
Hoping you wear the stylish "sunglasses" and post a pic!
In retrospect, eating half a jar of kimchee all at once was probably a bad idea. Though I may have discovered a new colon cleanse protocol.
we are re-recording vocals on our old songs and pumping out a new one with Landon Tewers. 60% of our full length album will be complete.
Thnx. Interesting list! RT : 5/12 More additions to my online local media list:
A2: Definitely more.! Napster kind of made digital "lending" commonplace...
can't wait to see y'all today... Luv yah
Hello to Mel Rainsberger aka who's joining our very first #EFChat today!
haha don't b sorry.I like it when people respond really fast
I owe yous all a #FF next Friday! What days it today?
Happy birthday !
Be spontaneous. Never act out of the past; always act out of the present moment. This moment is all there is! ~ Osho
GM, Its is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. Andre Gide ...Happy Thursday, Enjoy!!!
': Good Day to All..;) Full ahead with the weapon called THE TRUTH.'
haha love it! They come every year!
send me your address at work so I can messenger the fudge
ok - let me know when you have details! Hard to make plans with this little info :)
Ohh shoot!! Sorry :(
High school turns us into the people we said we would never become.
your crazy hair gave us some luck!
On the LIRR heading to DC to speak at SNAP WORM.
Put they ass in the DUB CLUB
Bluebonnets make my commute happier. So pretty!
My phone is about to die, but for the 1st time, I'm okay with it! Having the time of my life right about now!
lololololol at girls from my town, it seems like they have a new 'bestfriend' every 2 weeks....
For those who don't like Kickin In? NO SHOTS FOR YOU THAT IMMA GONNA PASS IT AROUND AT THE CONCERT!
Nice pictures Paul! This is a really interesting story. It's amazing how hateful some people are in Temecula!
Denny's in two hours with and !!! It's been to long!
umm ... straight like that , house party , the ride , take you home , racked up shawty , everyday , shidd i like it all lol
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for.
Watching my cat bobbi give birth she on kitten number 3
thanks! Look forward to meeting you too.
RT : "Dogs are forever in the push-up position" -Mitch Hedberg
Foster the People - Houdini #replay yes :)
OK I think multiple posting issues on twitter + fb are over! my isp must be acting up again...
and yet some guys will then put it back in the fridge.
easy class lol. i have bowers right now.. its boring as fuck...
I went through that last night to watch Game of Thrones. Royal pain in the ass, but worth the effort in the end :)
Had a great meeting yesterday for a new #JBCreative project.
Facebook CRM...big idea right there
Whoever thought of 24hr gyms was on their shit!!!
My old nemesis, lower back pain, has returned.
#gymtime you only look good if you feel good!!!
Big Show should be saddest for getting pinned after a chokeslam my mother-in-law would have kicked out of. PS- She could take him.
Mad Men Mad Men Mad Men
I don't know if America is ready for the linguistically correct pronunciation of Cheech Marin.
Promises i never brake emmm .
thanks for all the support and personal championship of #LULAC and LNESC!
Beef jerky and beer >>>
when u coming then??? Holla at yo boy i havent seen yo azz in a long ass time!
It was a really good summer popcorn movie that had no pretensions of being anything else! Win!
I'll make sure deb harvests some corn and strawberries for u. Harvest happy hills time!
I am prepared to meet anyone, but whether anyone is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
They think money and are eager to stage these events with the $$$ as their ideology.
we just might. :)
Carefully checking the mosquito net over my bed. I think my hunter-killer mission with a magazine was successful but...
#swag #swag #swag #swag #swag #swag #swag #SWAG #SWAG #SWAG #SWAG =D
awee what happened =[
Oh fun! I didn't realize you all knew each other! Excited to have the Bowdens back!! :)
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun! Really thankful for this event! People dance, drink & truly enjoy themselves...
thanks so much to who are scheming with us. So excited to work with them and see where we can take each other.
I feel like just skating through the city...
Thankful for the unprecedented lyricism of
One guy, one guitar, one problem: no girl. I do have some leftover spaghetti and MGD's in the fridge though. Off work Tuesday will be fine.
Team stream has an iPad app!
#Smokeout after party at the Sunshine motel
I'm way too excited to go see titanic tonight
Same ol shit just a different day.
Oh yea...GM people!
RT : They must have captured Gaddafi by using some kind of trap because in the videos everyone's yelling "Admiral Akbar!"
#Awkward. Business dinner meeting and client picks up the check. Leaves only a 10% tip on their credit card receipt. What's your next move?
Thanks for all the new follows. Stay updated for a new dj pack release coming out on beatport next month. ;-)
I thought it was too, but everyone kept saying it was the sickest for them *shrugs*
crap I missed it!!! Did I happen to know the person by chance?!?
I agree Johnny aces needs to be fired I can't stand home
Oh my I want to eat my screen! ~T
The double "wow" huh? Thanks!
over bites
I think my right eye lid is bleeding :( and is dying o no?! Was to do? I need a medic! Wats the numba for 911!?
playing at my favorite retreat spot... Rancho la Puerta Spa in Tecate, Mexico. rancholapuerta.com magnifico
We are always the same age inside. Gertrude Stein
Your Very Welcome!
Any owensborians out there that can fill me in on the bbq fest.
When Your mother has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
Why does woodchuck beer sound amazing right meow
GO GET YOUR ASSHOLE BLEACHED SO IT LOOKS BETTER THAN EVERYONE'S POOPY BROWN ASSHOLE!
Can't wait to get this accounting final so i can head to the derby
OH MY GOD!
Santorum doesn’t want to endorse Romney before their wedding night. The Elephant in My Closet May 25th
Great game Pacers Hats off no doubt. Now Chalmers and D Wade lesson learned step it up and come to play!
Thanks for the good news. We are happy they are doing well. They are in good hands :)
I second that to the highest degree.Need a Durham/Raleigh/CLT party bus next yr! /cc
Twitter oh how i missed you!!
The best way to appreciate somthing is to be without it for a while.
Finished the photo shoot today footage coming soon!
Kick, Push, Kick, Push, Kick, Push, Kick, Push Coast! For all my homies out there Grindin.
Sounds like a plan!!
Soo worried right now....!
"On Friday, James told reporters that he would consider participating in the Dunk Contest if there was a substantial winner-take-all prize."
I had such a blessed day. I was touched deeply by these kids. It was an amazing experience. Tonight will be epic as well.
“Attitudes are contagious, is yours worth catching?”
happy mothers day queen kris
Close. Piers Morgan interviewing Zimmermann's brother. Talking black women in porn with paper-writing pal takes the edge off.
No cabs at the Milwaukee airport to bring us home.
and why wouldn't you. It only makes sense to chronical that.
*searches "teen" on tumblr* RT : Lololol I searched "teen" on tumblr and all these n00dz popped up.
NL: Prince-Adore
come visit our booth at SD pride tomorrow--say hi and take advantage of some great specials!
I have seen some major chokes in my time,but this takes the cake...
I'm sure you'll do well though.
Don't miss us at the Home Show Fri-Sun booth 927 at the AZ State Fairgrounds! Gonna be a blast!
#phxfirstfriday May 4th jewelry will be SO SO EXCITED!!!! Come by to say hi
another tornado?
the Michael Jordan ESPN commercial is amazing.
Who saw the new bad girls club last night?
i know i think she will in a matter of weeks
I have seen do talks to legal academics, and a short talk on specific LAM issues, but not quite like this.
Ok I am late but Royce's man Is too cute!! Aw <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Heart attack city.
Done Talking splits leaders and closes in the #IllinoisDerby. Anybody else see him stare down the grandstand as he made his move?
seriously. Formula got me hooked lol.
S.O.E....? You awready know!! STUDIO OVER EVERYTHING!!! Oldies But Goodies due JUNE 28th!! New track dropping this week!!
Dry hair troubles? Stop in and pick up Joico's Intense Hydrator conditioner and spray. Your locks will be back to life in no time!
because your being mean! :D it reminds me when im with you, big o dummy -_-
Man-aid sticks on you like a band-aid.
Gotta beat indiana pacers now to have home court and get in the weight room!
Mike hooks up the male fashion advice... White cuffs
So ready for break!
Ugh ! This stupid orchestra concert is gonna make me miss seeing MB! Well I gotta go to this concert now adios!
bummer! but keep us in mind
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. ~Mark Twain
#LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 Help us trend horan fans!
A #BFFoodieFactoid - today in 1733 Joseph Priestly invented carbonated water (seltzer).
Hey there new friends. Thank you for following me:
#LiveMyLife = AMAZING! :DD Had a SUPER SUCKY day ..hearing that song cheered me up (: #Belieber <3 please follow back.
visit us today and get a new tattoo or piercing! (John D is piercing all day. John C, Dana and Dag all have tattoo time!)
I don't know really its to late to think! I will text you or Kelly tomorrow! #goodnight <3
and at last, all the pictures have been burned and all the past is just a lesson that we've learned, i wont forget, please dont forget US
So glad you love it!
will be pleased to know I bought a bike to commute to work today
your 5 + years of Twitter also probably make you speak in short sentences, yes? It's an affliction for many of us.
Finally made it to Brands as Patterns after facing the current downpour happening on Austin
Gunna make the best outta my last day here.
If paid subscriber to NYT, WSJ tweets out link, non-subscriber can click thru & read. Big service to non-subscriber followers.
We need to get you on CBS... 10TV. :)
had so much fun with last night
are you in arizona?
N O
I love new apps! Phonto allows you to add text (like your brand name) to your pictures
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
no chuck... try again.
Big game tonight. Danny Granger;s still my boy and gonna do some serious damage against the Magic. Big Night, Indy get behind your team.
Working out the dancers
Working out is never easy. today I took my dog out for a walk and did some boxing. man I really didn't know how out of shape I was.
I will not be spiteful *repeats 30 times*
wow that is so rude haha
Whatever you do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
RT : Six hours of first aid training today. I can save the fuck out of some babies.
So, what's this big AAUP news, peeps?
July is where its at. Cough** the 5th **cough
Too many things on my mind. Trying to fall asleep to some & 's voice
thank you for the RT! Merry Christmas!
At least I have a little Rod y Gab to massage my earballs as I write this bs "reflection" final
...and tall handsome glasses wearing Irish men?
Thanks for the feedback about my photos from #Guatemala. I checked out your site, photos, history. You are doing great things!
it also puts you a five minute walk from Finale, where you can get the best whoopie pie in the universe (or other dessert)
ONE DIRECTION IS COMING TO PHILADELPHIA ON July 6th!!! MY BIRTHDAY AND WHERE I LIFE!!! I NEED TO SEE THEM!!!!
Thanks for the inclusion! Glad to make the grade!
do you sponsor motorsports, if so where could I send my proposal
so I found a new phrase.getting hits and licking clits!
Hi im a new book author can any help with advice on how to publish
Even tho it has nothing to do w BBQ
I have been indulging an insatiable appetite for silence for about 2 weeks now. It seems all I want is quiet when I can get it.
goodnight hope you have a good day at school tomorrow
noticing a marked decrease in pornbot followers. perhaps due to my use of real names instead of 'prick'. cc:
Blueberry muffin, eh? I'm a blueberry fan myself.
we suppose to be getting one eventually
my voice sounds like 'ALKSDJF;LDSFKHFDGJ'
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
I'm not going.
Hm.....I suppose time will tell :)
go girl!!
Good morning/afternoon/evening everyone!
Let's run away and don't ever look back, don't ever look back :3
Band names are either the best or the worst.
I'm such a buzzzyy bee!
thatnigga a grown boy
thanks, happy Monday
"i'm brennan." "i'm dale but you have to call me dragon." "you have to call me nighthawk."
well this is a fun conversation
No problem with the call to Loe there. Big problem with his first pitch.
Holy slices Batman!! Bubba and Louie in pressure cooker now! #whowantsitmore?
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake --- moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
Hey, thanks!
you love me, I know you do! :')
I know some girls who've never seen dirty dancing or pretty woman. Who's old now?
Amazon's textbook rental prices STILL expensive for full semester. Opens door further for free/alternative options.
Photos of the
$4 off any Beer, Wine or Cocktail and Tapas Specials during our Happy Hour Monday - Friday 4:30-6:30pm
Its hard 2 make money b real easy 2 spend it!!!
Them nappy headed hoes, but my kitchen good. I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish a bitch would!
We closed the place down . . .with sorbets RT : sitting outdoors at DeCarlo's so I guess no rain tonight!
Well that is just infuriating Captials, and completely embarrassing.
Photos from the wires: Animals show off for the camera
welcome honey bee!
only looking for to 4 matches
Being too busy to think feels good, execution is a lost art.
I saw #FartDog in broad daylight today!! Something is this town is afoot....
and also would be interesting to visualize adjunct pay vis a vis administrator and ttf pay, student tuition, etc.
Should be asleep right now.
Watching EMBARK ON THE VISION PT.3 WITH SISTER MATHIS SPEAKS LIFE via the premiere of 1 of my songs that aired on 106.5 fm Mon
We second that! RT : Huge shout out to for the awesome #zenden experience at #SXSW!
Looking forward to ULI this week
Getting ready to play Cinespace in Hollywood tonight, gonna be fun!
I think I had a pet rock around the same time I had a mood ring. Ahh, those were inanimate object days...
- nifty tool. Always an interesting thing to see how people slice up data.
I think it was to assuage my concerns about the discovery of a need for an immediate root canal. But still nice!
It's Friday the 13th. I'm not supersticious, but I'm a little sticious.
So sad to see them all go #BBN good luck next year
What is #socialCRM and why does it matter to your biz? Find out on 10/20 when you get $1k worth of free stuff from us:...
Men Are From Gary, Women Are From Tallahassee
Patient advocate Helen Kurylio sharing her experience with helping aging parents.
“: man damn R.I.P Don Cornelius :(” agreed well respected !
Not a grand day.
whats your user name?
I wanna live in Philly they love their team
NO. UGH. SARAH WHY.
Brrr... Fall is here! It's a great time to curl up with a cup of hot cocoa and give to the Risd Annual Fund!
The GAB is now reviewing issues with signatures in the Walker petitions.
“: Every effort brings us one step closer to our goals of becoming a better teammate! #athleteswag”
Jimmy Luv's Bloody Mary mix! It was delicious. RT : awesome! which one was your favorite?
no! not together!
we'll be there!
Oh bacon, why must you be so tasty, yet so bad for me?
determined to win these tickets!!
Integrate the client project task time module with Twitter
Don't you know my nigga gutta is good at kidnapping kids. Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the bridge, that's how it is.#RIP BIG
do u think its torn?
I just saw it. I liked it but the creature could have been better! The Host is the best cgi creature.
Why can't these lil kids take a nap on this bus like damn
I miss you too! Imma gonna phone you this weekend. Enjoy the rest of your vacay dogg.
I'm traveling again today & I realize the differece between air travel & prison is that at least there are no screaming babies in lock-up.
Gamasutra wants to charge me a minimum of $385 to post a job. I'd rather grab a table with sign "Hiring Artist, Free Beer!"
M, a tasty snack...don't mind if I do!
This Parking Enforcement agent on his Segway has a terrifying efficiency about him. Someone parks and he just FLIES.
So excited for our family trip to Phoenix this week! Lots of planning and packing for the next couple days...
I feel bad for this guy who is dressed as a foot :P
WSJ "The Latin warning "caveat lector"—let the reader beware—applies even more in the digital world."
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
kolb to san fran for frank gore 2rd pick next yr
Bring The Secret Circle Back!!
oh, I feel so special now.
you dont like my gap? Wowww....
no we are in 311. Up and behind homeplate
Here's your tweetback. Sorry.
Thanks Aaron!
the maximum age for adoption in the US in 18...haha!! So you still have one year left :P #justsayin xD
And when I get back I'll spend all afternoon adding software to it rather than fixing ticketed issues.
Continue on with your witty one-liners, I have stepped away from the liquids.
You on the East Coast so Happy Birthday
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in India. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
good morning!
*bitch. RT : The only 'B' word a female should be called is Beautiful..<U+2665>
If there's Austin Mahone Flashmob in your country , will you join in ?
Tweeting is for kings! and I = living like kings in 3m!
Hey how you doing? I was wondering if i could send you guys some music? It hink i did one of your first shows with Problim Child! LMK
there's some crab thing happening tonight DID YOU HEAR?
I guess they rubbed him the wrong way ! He got a poignant ending
Make Her Beg
Would love it!!!!!
Why is that?!
The preview still doesn't give it away, and besides Cody already gave away the entire prank before the preview came out lol
dont go, but sweet dreams;)
An 11-year-old just asked me if I've been to Dub Land Underground...
My brother chris just said this girl he like look like a man lol
Buddy, Buddy, Buddy all up in your face.
Thanks to our breakout session presenters Steve Turnbo of , Kevin Lee of , Debra Hopkins of !
I think of you too Jo, you are too sweet. We were killin 'em.
Elle oh elle
Having a great time @ the Unit Blk. Of Randolph PL. NW Block Party! Bloomingdale Rocks!
that is really funny. :-)
Sounds great.
What 480 Ain't Enough!? e.e Greedy Ass Niggah!
Heeyy u got a twitter(:
I should've done it sooner!
Awesome! TU has a strong alumni network. I'm looking into grad schools for sport comm. so I look forward to your posts!
Day for of my diet.... not happy!
Maryland has the worst uniforms I have ever seen!!
ok, my dearest bought our shih tzu some doggie treats - "bison and sweet potato," to be exact. How about "buffalo and sweet potato?"
ill be 2 kick for you 2 even notice lol
Worst smell.
Last minute Mothers Day in Mammoth with www.mammothrentalbyowner.com
true..as not all jobs are worth doing so not all businesses are worth funding..all entrepreneurs learn this the hard way
my woman can park like the devil in new shoes!
Love people. Use things. Not vice-versa.
RT Lions and Wings score a minute apart. Awesome!
Happy :) Great things are coming!
Gearing up for #free #Pinkberry tonight (6-9pm) at the new South Shore Plaza location! Who's coming??
Hi Mandy!
Okay, thanks! You all are a great resource. Thanks for being so prompt. I am going to go like you on Facebook now.
thank you!
oh & yes i get it. Lol didnt i tell you that one ? hah
Internet access been via 3G has been miserable all day long. Wth #verizon?
I have a dress I have to be able to fit into for next month...I Guess no junk food for me :'(
Find ways to reduce UIC's operating cost by improving efficiencies. Then get rid of the fee. Energy saving is money saving.
I used to slam my baby brother's head in doors. Now he tells me he accepted a post in CO. and I cry all night. My,
haha, the language family that won't die
Been working late again. I guess I should go to bed ...
O ok. I will look into it to see what the cause may be. Let me know if you have any other problems.
Free at the corner of Van Buren & State! Get it while the gettin's good!
Vampire photo shoot was super hot.
Lavender can soothe/cleanse cuts/bruises/skin irritations. French scientist René Gattefossé discovered when burned in a lab explosion.
Needed to hear this today :) RT: Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. ~ Eckhart Tolle
RT : the Dane Co. circuit court will take up Nygren v. WI GAB friday morning at 9:00AM
That last tweet was supposed to be a question. Rhetorical, but a question nonetheless.
real mature, Rondell
Now featuring the talented Joey Curtin at solopiano.com!
Feels good to be back on American soil!
and made Dr. Octopus into a cop! What more does NBC want? Maybe Dick Wolf ought to pitch the whole franchise to CBS, ABC, or TNT!
Gonna tear up the patio tonight with sum bags, craft sailor jerry cocktails, and dj billy boy brad on them summer jams.
This game tho....:| stressed
Lovin' "The Horse in Motion" tribute today from
I only have 2 Rules Rule #1: I’m always right. Rule #2: If you ever think I'm wrong, please see Rule
Friday nights are always the same in this town..
I'm super stoked to see on Friday! Maybe I can find the courage to talk to if I see him again
#TwoThingsThatDontMix milk and lemonade
I only have 6 Contacts -.- my phone doesn't do any numbers at all anymorec
WOO!!! you get the same thing i get! YES!!!
haha you're dumb trey.
“But the wild things cried, “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up- we love you so!” RIP Maurice Sendak.
"They say the f word in the first song!" "They sound like Queen there." "You can't hear that girl at all!"- My mom's reaction to fun.'s C.D.
la senza has gone ??????? this is bad, very bad. clinton cards, fucking doomed to home made piss poor paper cards now
I turn 25 at da end of da month & I'm cool w/ that lol! I think after 25 it's all down hill:( damm I'm getting OLD<U+E518>
Thanks for the mention, hun!
There's a dumb, crippled bug that keeps running into my window and im suprise its noit dead. WHAT POINT DOES IT NOT GET, IT CAN'T GET IN!
: Hey lady! Just got yr message... depends on the context. Want to email me some details?
Good weed u know a nigga really need that the head was so good a nigga felt it in his kneecaps
"Being John Malkovich" <-- this movie is insane.... I feel like I'm losing my mind
Will be attending the World Tea Expo in Las Vegas on June 24th and 25th.
Watching Big 12 Tournament, Final: Teams TBA with Viggle Sat | 6PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hard to believe Danny Green starts for San Antonio and didnt even see the floor in Cleveland
Ugh, trying to get a virus off my computer! Not cool.
life would be perfection then <3
Thanks for the #followfriday last week
love the draped bed!
Mummies are just gift wrapped zombies.
Soup of the day is Chicken and Rice.
Just back from a hike at Emma Long. Great day in ATX
It's a Snow and Ice ocalypse in the Northwest. Remember the day you'd eat icicles off the gutter. Now it just seems gross!
I'm just High off Life!
This is awesome!
Lmao i'm playing, y'all are good tho! and tell Mal to hmu
Thanks so much for the RT ;)
Sweep is sweet
That was me. It was a great show and I'm loving the new
It's 7:21am on the east coast and It's Mothers Days I gotta be at work by 9:30am for Mothers day brunch it's going to be hell
Forrester Research survey: 31% of publishers believe iPad, tablets were ideal ereading platforms; a year ago it was 46%.
i seriously only want the left side of my nose pierced because of austin carlile.... ha.
i cant change my Avatar too :(
Agreed. Although hard work isn't bad, being a jerk or a brown noser is a mark against.
Thanks for the love ! Hope you, & can make it up for the Meet & Tweet! Details coming at ya' via DM.
Have a very Mario Christmas! We're CLOSED today, 12/25 and will resume normal hours tomorrow, Monday 12/26!
You're not crazy! You're just a badass juggler.
that really explains Forest Lawn's gardens lushness.
Hello there! Have a pleasant morning! :-)
Happy to have you, hope you're having fun! RT : Hitting up with the fellow cast, and some of the crew on our day off!!
Sounds yummy; enjoy!
Friday night
Totally botched up my solo audition today. Dang what's wrong with me!! :(
Happy birthdays to co-founder Tess Cinpinski and happy belated birthday to Artistic Director Michael Cotey, whose birthday was on Tuesday!
cute pumpkin. add me?
u gotta record it
Haha yeah. I saw you picked up Evan Moore. Probably the best option.
searching for Quality Assurance Supervisors and Managers with food industry experience. email resume to
- it's adorable! Actually, I always love all your handmade brooches. :)
“ #MCC2012 kicks off 2nite w the Gala! Can't wait to represent KC this weekend for & !”
Probably doesn't help your cause that they tweeted back at you. Don't worry though, nobody follows
To mad to even try to read while im working out. Today is more of a massacre your body kinda day.
LOOKN 2 GT ON THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE IN THE A GET ALL MUSIC R SUBMITTED 2 SPOTS R GOING FAST
u never told us what #BMT meant last year? BMT crew still alive?
Do you qualify for a strategic short sale?
That could be argued. 's main point is our apparent inability to apply cost-benefit practices to the cost of prison.
Technology risk and bene in wsj
Is anyone going to see on Saturday in Columbus? There's still tickets on sale. I want to go!
I'm so fucking mad I lost my only menthol cigarette
Costa Cruises sails to the most exciting, desirable places in the world-more than any cruise line! Where do u want to go? Call 800-803-7245!
I know I shouldn't be crying of such useless people but I can't help it.
At SF Superior
Hope you'll all join me on my "Vampire Roadtrip" my character "Leo" will be a Real Pain in YOUR neck! lol
thank you for the follow Brian! We hope to see you soon!
Do we get to see a pic of the dress? :)
blood filled lines near the surface of the skin or on the inner linings of the lips or mouth .keloidsurvey.com
Duke wld have won yesterday if played. Hope his injury is minor. Need him.
and they're coming back this summer again all of the girls in my class are crazy to go to their conert *.*
definitely a beautiful day! Have a great meeting and thanks for having it here in CITYCENTRE.
I got a text from about this craziness earlier. I might be in. However, I had a date to watch GoT that night, too.
11:11 wish is I wish things would get better..and that you would follow me(: <3
Since you all aren't doing anything else, how abt reading the Constit nto the record again. Spend some time on 14th Amend.
Isn't badly written and uninteresting an obvious problem?
Please leave feedback/suggestions for the site in the conact box.
RT : code is 1 tool set, like a sewing or soldering. Hackasaurus:
depends on your mood.
que paso!? idk if thats how you spell it..im not a mexiCAN. lol
Yes I could! Hey go follow and
Welcome to SPH Commencement 2012! If you’re following the event on Twitter, let us know.
sugga sugga how u get so
Come use your magical powers and make it all better. :c
Happy labor day everyone!
I don't really like the #GameOfThrones books, but damn it, I'm watching the TV show. BUT ONLY BECAUSE OF PETER DINKLAGE.
doing much better, thank you
Mom watching #DowntonAbbey S1: Oh dear I sense trouble. You're an ass. What an ass. What an asshole. Oh shit. Oh shit. Woo boy what a bitch.
I'm telling Ma! RT : ": #Aquarius Sex Position: The Sit on Me" .....This is dead on accurate!!! BOL!!!
Where is your #SummerOfSpeed sticker? Post it on our FB wall and you might be featured as our Cover photo!
Good morning Twitter!
Quality messages are what matters. Why does it matter who one claims to channel? Ones words should be grounded in goodness, beauty, wisdom.
Since you live in Ohio please follow , they're having a charity concert soon with amazing young artist.<3
If you want me to follow you back, Ask. NOW
You're right! A lovely photo! Thanks for sharing! :) p.s. you're always welcome to come back and visit!
congratulations on a huge win in Frisco. On to Super Bowl! Make history! We are All In!! Go Giants!
Let me touch the cooch quit playin.
I Just Woke Up & My Ankle STILL Swollen!
1st day back after Boston trip, why is it so hard to figure out what went on when you had a sub?
RT : #WetDreams May 25th.... Me and DJ Chose Indmix at Chancellors Pool Hall!!! POOOOLLLL PARTY
I just joined a community on named DATINGADULT
oh I get now lol
asked my Duke friends if they like , they said absolutely. Then I put them in their place when I told them she is a UNC fan!
Just got back from an evening out...and I don't want #Monday to come!
Clearly Babs is immortal, it's been a haphazard science but that much we've established today.
Let's go Mexico !!!
Opposition stands opposing charter but no parents want a charter. Where did this misinformation start?
Want to crawl right back into bed and stay there
We need the rich people so that the poor will have something to aspire to.
I actually did something today #surprising !!! haha
o. Those are snazzy cards! :)
soon, hopefully!
In photos Kristen Stewart always looks like it's her creepy uncle taking them
This is it!
please end the cardinal slobfest.
And happy Mother's Day to my mother-in-law, Libby Scruggs, too!
I've been a bit out of the Twitter loop, but I appreciate the congrats!
you sound like a first time mother after your child takes their first steps looooooooooool
I'm thinking of possibly starting to do a daily #RandomThoughtOfTheDay type thing as well.. So Many things I wanna voice. Yay or nay?
With in NYC! Book launch - Sex, Drugs and Superheroes! Get it, bitches!
hey Cam <3
Q3: What do you think the biggest challenge is on #MainStreet now?
Search out people that have listed hobbies and interests, which are related to your business.
Next up at #upstream2012: Photo opp with Kimberly Williams Paisley and Lab + Lounge!
is Dave Chapelle opening for him, lol!
Take him out FED!
Inside the banquet hall @ #ActionOnFilm awards ceremony. Spotted actor
Just cuz someone flirts doesnt mean they like u, just cuz someone likes u doesnt mean they love u....not everything is the way u think it is
Needs wounds wants wins authority
Thanks for coming all!
Give Kids a Smile Day tomorrow here at Levine Dental. Get your kids to the screenings for next year if you need the help. Contact the WDA
I'm young, wild, and free! ;D
feel free to follow me Carol. :-)
I hurt my back picking up something heavy today. There's a first time for everything.
RT : Turns out they'll sell a wizard hat to just anybody!
This music video is a fail.
Great call on the B.J. Ryan comp. And look how far that got him...
I love it when you're here but I'm better when you're gone
Pretty much as long as I can remember!
giv students a study guide & have them make flash cards. Then time them as they pair up & quiz each other.
Great chatting with you too!
FIAT: a car? or... the third singular present subjunctive passive conjugation of the Latin verb facio (facere)?
Thanking God 4 blessing me. #rise&grind Gettin ready 4 work. #humpday already yay!!! Everybody have a great day! :)
Only unlimited is available as in app purchase and is tied to the devices. Premium account won’t be offered through iTunes.
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 10
Haha, that'd be epic!!!
im doing good, im graduating on May 24th.. cant wait :")
Lmao today was too funny, had me rolleng. :D
My brother always says nothing happens before the fullness of time. Hoping my time is full because I'm ready!
I should have known you'd already be on top of that. ;-)
so sad to hear it. Grew up listening to them. Sorry to the rest of the crew and family.
okay! Mike is here lol
Got today and knocked 17 mins of my commute
My fam be tellin me his whole life story when we high....i swear lol
This was such a long week! Tgif
black cus my dye faded and I have bits of blonde and brown. I'm doing mine today:) idk what to do makeup wise blah
#Foxtrot automates data entry. If you use Foxtrot....you can redeploy your team from manual data entry to other mission critical projects.
I hate any kind of duvet besides a big heavy one
#FACEBOOK is changing so much its gonna get dumped rejected then sold....just like #MYSPACE smh -_-
Where do you go in this town to get a nice looking key chain?!
Follow our record label! !
Wow! I do not miss those NY prices!
It's so foggy by the lake right now that my glasses are fogging up. You've been in an unusual mood this week,
any chance you can call me in the next hour? x2102
People come into your life at the exact moment you need them too. They leave when they're supposed to :( Hate that this is so true :( : (
Goodnight. (: #school tomorrow.
Why is everyone getting so sappy about school ending?
Pennsylvania proud. Well done,
and I used to be class clowns... Those were the days.. where I gave no fucks!! Lol
would love to never go to Baldwin again
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-03
Thanks! Now, to help you find a few coat hooks....
Definitely wish Detroit would stop winning..
Still have this song stuck in my head.
well me and jessica was gonna go to the 99 since we didnt go friday
Last seven shows left for #DonQuixote -better get my separation anxiety pills ready cuz I'm gonna be missing my cast dearly!
Whatever we think about and thank about we bring about. ~John Demartini
That's great!
Hi Emily! Thank you for following me.
Inception, grimy Logan Theater, soft jazz before the show. Such an "Edward Hopper" moment.
yup he had a contest on twitter and I won. i've been guestlisted to most of his shows and he recognized me every time we met
CAS181 CAS215 are already done..feelings hurt...yeah I know they are your life is trying to cause me not to succeed so 1841 of you. KlanMan
I should be asking you the same thing.... you dont like the show?
nope. You will lose weight all over
im already starting to handle dat
im gud n u
new shows and tunes on the way
Then I am passing the "do nothing" torch on to you. Make me proud!
StepUp3D Soundtrack "Up" by ( & ) #JMacUp <-- help us trend & RT?
I hope the spoonbills have it better w/o Dr No
i hold on to things for to long sometimes
I miss you! It's been way too long.
I hate when people text you like a million times in a row! Obviously I'm busy or I don't want to talk to you!
Catching our breath from a busy week for CD & DVD duplication and the apparel & t-shirt printing was through the roof. Momentum. Sweet!
i know.. How are things?
Did you try the Tan-A at Broad & Horsepen?
Dying. Someone bring me Bob Evans please and thanks.
We will be giving periodic game updates on Twitter.. Follow every pitch with Live Video, Audio & Stats with links on our site to coverage.
Cant wait to sit in my big chair tonight with my little girl.
& if a coach tries harder because his job is on the line, he deserves 2 be fired. U should already be working as hard as u possibly can.
Would love to reach 2,000 twitter followers in a few months. Thanks to all for all your support.
She's prettier than I'll ever be... Got yourself a beauty queen..
I'm so blessed! Thank you God for a wonderful 2011 and I can't wait to see what you've planned for me in 2012!
this is a SERIOUS QUESTION. when guys get older [old men] do their penises shrink? lol.
we don't advertise publicly
PERFECTION IS NOT JUST ABOUT CONTROL. IT'S ALSO ABOUT LETTING GO!!! SURPRISE YOURSELF.
30 days out of classes? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> This is not fair
Who has downloaded our free Chicago-based app and used it? What are your initial thoughts?
lololol she lounges all over me!
shit I know! -__- I would have done anything to be there Instead!!
is the worst friend ever
quote: Walker’s new #s are little more than an incredibly transparent effort to create a false reality to mislead WI voters
Yo. Where did you say you're living next year?
120 some odd credits, thousands of hours and 4 crazy years. College is done.
Madaris and Cox... nice work Dantonio. Nice work on them all.
thanks to everyone that came out for our Performathon & Open House today!
Yes, especially with boys! Or you could say especially with Joel! ;)
8EST join a few of my wealthy friends & I as we share how u can join us on the journey 2 the #1 lifestyle in the world. 646-519-5860 pin...
Bacon Soda exists.
I've spent 15mins looking for my glasses ....
love seeing Iona in the mix for all these guys!
On twitter from jayces iphone. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
i still dont know what sort of mayan apocalypse facebook can pull off knowing i like labradors, ice hockey, and whiskey
Yo! How the heck are ya?!
I want to be in #SpringAwakening so bad.
Ok people, don't call me, it's #MadMen Time //
been looking forever for my vinegar mothers thanks guys! Also great website can't wait to exlore more of your products!!
sexism and racism are institutional. We all can be tools of oppression (to piggyback on your statement.)
Been pondering 's post mortem on the profession of food writing. Rather than despair, I feel tremendous opportunity afoot. You?
Man, having a day job is really cutting into my social media time. ;)
If you followed , let me know :) I will give you a SHOUTOUT :D
thanx for the follow ! looking forward to connecting...
yes, your right...SUBWAY! :D <3 -Kayla
Who's ready?? Me and are bout to TAKE OVER let's go!
So many celeb deals from that show RT : #DWTS deal alert. #NFL HOF = www.yes2chiropractic.com (print ads, etc.)
okay. now i'm mad.
I've never smoked a day in my life, but tonight is just one of those nights where I need a fat ass motherfucking blunt..
nightmare about zombies attacking last night. #BestZombieAttackPlanEver belongs to
how much did the HEAT pay the announcers to say all that garbage about how we should embrace them
#imagine Austin gives his jacket when you're cold. Aww so sweet <3
anyone considering OccupyD65?
http:www.infatuationclothing.com
you. are. a. genius.
OK, I am u uber jealous. What is this special you speak of? What's it called? I love Jon Quick interviews!
I know right! Looking forward to it!
I can't wait to see your halloween costume.
Wonder if they give the President an ID badge like they do other Federal workers or if he just says 'Hi, I'm the President'?
I pray to God that he may preserve your health and life many years.
hang soon ?
They need lots of good soil at that age.
Paying for flight to and from, hotel, food, and transportation. Real nice.
HOGS are 6 in the BCS!! WOO PIG SOOIE!!
A wise man (Charles Buxton) once said "Success is due less to ability than to zeal." We couldn't agree more!
I like legit freaked out last night. Not even kidding.
one of the most fundamental discoveries of is the awesome transformative power of enigmatic black flags.
check out the inspirational (and now clean shaven!) , what a kiddush hashem buddy!
i can understand whyy he said wtf tho. Its strange.
Too late. Not a good time!
Yeah dude. Don't need to think about Lacee's vagina.
What did you do this time?
Staying in school longer than you should be is no fun at all...
Denielson is the least desirable of that group
I love that moment at your new job where you can finally turn your body on auto-pilot and your brain on sleep mode.
where's ?
and just how does Duke go about choosing which athlete that is, I wonder...
So again, a HUGE thank you to and for the gifts we'll be getting soon from !! Love YOU!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
ok. i've got the prescription (chantix.) i'm going to do it this time. and i'm telling the world to embarrass myself into succeeding
Driving out to utah.
Ask your Vet about Salmon Oil (Omega 3) we have it-helps reduce the allergic inflammation in pets.
Thank you for visiting! RT : im certainly with you on that one go Apes !!! an thank u for ur excellent info :-)))
I used to date one of the descendants of Burnside. She was/is really awesome, though she doesn't sport the chops.
got to find time to live a little lol
don't know what they're going for nowadays, have a blast at the raceway!
I'm about to get it too! How is it treating ya? Nice to see a fellow pilot on twitter.
Please follow me! and if you Belieber boy I will follow you rusher arianator! :D
well it failed...clearly. I'm always in the loop, so clearly they didn't do enough ;)
Seriously. Tanning is such an unhealthy habit, I hope they make her the posterchild to demonstrate why not to tan.
We were having a boring conversation about EAD. Trust me, you're glad you missed it.
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
not even noon &im ready for a nap
It's not a fear of failure, it's a fear of success. Of having something to lose. That's why I can't keep nothing, or reach for nothing, fear
That sounds so much better.
Ladies Night!!z Free drinks for the ladies Plus playing Bad Boys and Bad Boys 2 for extra entertainment
not that much... but I don't sleep a lot :/ twitter/tumblr addict xD
Bon Iver really should just legally change his name to Bon I-motherf**kin'-ver. Because holy crap. That was an amazing show last night.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
i following you but you are not following me but i would like you to
Watching Victorious!
Bored as heck. Add me on Skype. Cassi.case
Wonderful walk to the park this morning with my lil one. Now, catching up on work, later family movie night!
The party at the disco was so much fun! The cruise went to Rick's Cafe yesterday. Have you ever seen the sun set there? INCREDIBLE!!!
- great presentation
The Pandora news letter that you sent me with our music.
Who will be this years cinderella team in the big dance?
Today was a Good Day.
got up 1 hour early to jog 30 mins in the park. The other 30 was to shower & play w/ my dog before I left to work
#E3onG4 #Battlefield3 will put #GhostRecon in its grave for good..
Happy Hour. $1 High Life grenades and $1 shots of KK whiskey. Open now.
offensive sets still could use work at times.
Breaking in new rugby boots is the worst...eight pretty nasty blisters that force me to have to tend to my feet
We're moving our hosted clients to AWS this month. Just closed a Media Temple account after 4 great years.
Denny's with <U+2615><U+2764>
Thank you for the RT!! You Rock! Create a wonderful evening!!
Off in search of food and beer. Gee, I wonder where I'll end up?
Nearly newsprint type paper.
Flying to Brentwood TN today. That's territory!
It's a pride thing. If you knock a guy out. It boosts your self esteem. Gets you helmet stickers/other rewards.
Sense the disapproving tone***
Watch the #NFLDraft with us tonight at ! We'll be gathering around 6:30. Please help spread the word!
They wept. But it was a joyous occasion.
$3.64 (member price), $3.71 (non-member), as of this morning. Mobil is always higher.
I used to think I'd last forever. I USED TO THINK I'D LAST FOREVER. FORREVVERR.
Ohlendorf is throwing batting bractice tonight
I love what said on #Smackdown in his interview about himself
They won't hit u like I will /my only wish is I die real /cause that truth hurt and those lies heal can't sleep thinking that he lied still
“: And one more night doing what I love, with people I adore. Late nights & long drives home are so worth it!” #beyonceworks yeaa
I think of the people of Mali. I hope times of trouble dissolve and the sound of the kora rebound in peace.
You told me i was an angel sent from above and that i was your everything so why did you throw me away?
It's 4:22 pm my mom asks me want i want for a snack...I say buiscuits. Is that weird? She made 'em too. :D
Be the next person on your block to have your home transformed by Mr.D's painting.Find out why or motto is "We Love to paint" and much more.
Cuz they both have dreads. Wait, no they don't.
Trying to get the wife to learn to Scorecard on the IPad.. Would be easier to raise titanic.
I've been sick two times this school year. Cross country and track ccls. Awesome. #whyismykarmasobad?
Just saved the 2012 season last night,
": Bristol Palin criticizes Obama for talking his gay marriage decision over with family and friends" -who asked her?
On chatroulette and I asked this girl, "Does your mother know you are prostituting on the internet?" She said no, and started crying lol
ha! thanks. I was brought up by a dad who would quiz me on 70s and 80s bands on my way to sporting events
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Thanks! We're glad you enjoyed your trip! RT : The dallas Holocaust museum really was an amazing experience!
Your disfigured and repulsive face is raping my fuckin' eyes.
Follow back friends
Eoc tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> but spring practice tomorrow night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thank you so much!
umum I really don't know :/ initials?
there's always room for improvement.
Any questions from the virtual world for ?
Seriously crazy #traffic there at that hour. Makes you wish you could grow wings.
“: My boss just said Ben roethlisberger is a warrior. #umwhat?” he is big time
We on the rise
Regardless of what anyone might say, the music bus has a bright future ahead of it.
I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion.
After today when I post RP2012! I won't need to clarify it by saying I'm not talking about Rick Perry.
If you walk around singing a song in your head go on and admit it you have #bieberfever lol
This time he tweeted mirthful glance
this is us smiling at your wry comment.
Great to meet with to hear about her experience with Pando. SUCH good ideas, like having mentors w/ "office hours" every month.
There are so many talented people, who because of lack of opportunity or roles, have never had the chance to shine on a national stage.
who wants to chat on skype
Back in the office after Little Brown Jug. It was wet and cold but I had a great time anyway!
There's has to be a fine line between a tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos. Ha!
Just then love dances Upon the ‘scape, planting seed Cinders’ wake awash
I love driving!!!
I am so happy this is the very last day of 2011. Seriously.
this is very true!
yes yes it is :)
Had fun in VIP first Time at Envys...pics comin soon
you're awesome
of course u add
Damn I'm going hard in the studio
Tonight will be different. Heh {RT : So I woke up this morning and wasn't hungover. I think I did something wrong.
Tell a girl she’s beautiful a million times, and she’ll never believe you. Call her ugly once, and she’ll never forget it
Yum Starbucks mocha frap!
we are tweeting from tonight for
thanks for the follow! :)
What's everyone up to this weekend? Still got friday ahead, but we're ready to take on the weekend.
Good poetry by the way.
I loved my day today ! , excited for tomorrow (:
You can't drink the wine until it's time otherwise u'll be drinkin vin
Monsters fall 1-0 in a shoot out to Toronto.
GS Encinitas Bath Remodel has ALSO come on board offering 20% off to Diversity Platinum members!
Dropped by New Orleans Audi for tix giveaway. To say it is chaos would be an understatement. No plan for managing ppl here.
Gym flow motivation--Remember When
anyone know of a good HTML email blast tutorial?
had fun todaayy
I haven't even mentioned Marquis Teague's recruitment.
I will celebrate #Braun's exoneration by partaking in the product produced by his team's namesake... That's queer for "Ima drink some beer".
so you're saying...the golf balls were...too good cord their home?!
You're welcome.": Toni has assembled some hotties from the Wheel of Men. We're gonna get to know them next on the "
I can't wait to see tomorrow at The Loft!
my son's favorite cookies! I wanna brake the #OreoPinata!
Found bird feathers, a busted pen (ink everywhere), and a dead lizard at one of our public computer desks this morning. WTF?!
I've been a good boy
i attend both ALAs for cmte work (altho Anaheim is far!!). i like LITA Forum (will be speaking there) & ACRL next yr shld be great!
Good Morning, it's a delicious morning on the left coast. Scrumptious coffee, bright skies and warmth.
Told again I have a pretty nose, #awkward but nice.
Please follow back..recommended by JayPrince FFTAmg
So of just announced element sharing to Facebook, Twitter, etc.
aww ): I hope you get Better soon(:
Everbody talkin bout some damn rain I anit seen not a damn drop.....IJS
Flying out of ORD UAL terminal it's an alt universe to AA terminal - so similar but also so different
I have never met a disappointed Prius owner. Enjoy!
. Why is it anyone else's business what Rodney King did with his money?
Get ready for gardening classes starting in March!! Will be posting dates on the newsletter and twitter!
Cheap men's cologne is the worst...
Laser Wolf. Now.
If you're a hookah bar or smoke shop, tweet your name and we'll advertise your business on our website for free! Give it a try, no catch.
| Thanks for a great meetings of the minds this morning.
Katy perry's granny w/ her tongue out *dead*
I'm ill, I'm ill, I'm ill... tratttt trattt... Motherf'er I'm ill... It's going down tonight. NightClubLinx is back from a long vacation.
I remember scoring with 0.5 seconds left for my 11th. Then I was told I was probably going to win an ESPY. Best dream ever?
they were playing that Palmetto soccer Papa ;)
w.e it has to do with justin so imma tweet it.
Course you can, winter break is nearly here! Our only (but amazing) #golf #course in MD is Hunt Valley Golf Club in Phoenix!
Jealous! Congrats!
Thanks for the follows!
Patrick McCormack, SPHR - recent winner of SHRMJAX HR Professional of the Year - Large Company - Over 1,000 Employees.
bored and tired as shit right now
According to Gottman, 69% of marital arguments are unsolvable. It's a relief! Just stay on the same side looking together at the issue.
Where was my invite?
I'm hungry lay yo ass down on the dining table out yourself on my plate
I'm not getting the love for 21 Jump Street. It's better than expected, I guess, but how are its dick jokes better than other's dick jokes?
so far cant find a link with description of this story in english.
sending smiles across the miles.. :)
thanks babe!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You dont think u have another 5 years in you?
Looking at out law star again cause it my favorite anime
Having a great first day at !! So nice to meet everyone and settle into my new office!
NBC news crew dodges gunfire on the front lines in Lybia.
good times tonight. We will work on your disability!
CFK is gearing up for the summer.We have pilot programs City and San Ysidro this summer. The expansion of our program feels good<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
that's usually a trait of being unpopular
Not sure which annoys me more: the presumption of me interviewing a band I have never heard of on 2 days notice, or addressing me as Mark.
Going to baseball tournament in Leesburg
If you have ever lost a loved one, then you know exactly how it feels. And if you have not, then you cannot possibly imagine it.
Not enough hours in the day
that's illegal lol! I saw you on deco drive today. Good luck to Serenity
On #7News at 5:30, complete coverage of the capture of Whitey Bulger.
Hey why dont you come see your 2 biggest fans at strong tower bible church ?! 6-8(: love , shannon & vivienne <3
Gosh I'm so excited for #NATO to be in Chicago and for the city to be infiltrated by all types of security... < NOT..
Yay! I knew I wasn't alone on this subject :)
good morning!
One operation down, one to go..... Healing nicely from the first one....
Thanks for the RT's!
wow shoot yourself RT : Excuse me scarlett did I invite you to my BBQ? Then why are you all up in my grill!
are you in Plano
please tell me Prison Wives is a figment of your imagination!! Surely that's not a real show that people watch. PLEASE!!
Hi Craig! We're planning to feature ur Eco Life notebook on Springpad this weekend to celebrate #EarthDay. Just a heads up!
thats mad vicious
perseverance-steady persistence in a course of action, a purpose, a state, etc., in spite of difficulties, obstacles, or discouragement.
hope you find it worth the wait! see you at ?
#ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in-season
Are there any success stories out there of using Google Analytics to model user behavior on a J2EE web application?
This weather is pissing me of!
Today is the last day all our fans & tweeters to get a free Carne Adovada Sandwhich. Just say DELICIOUS88 when you order.
first, we must procure the right film! They look so cool, though. If nothing else, home decor for our future home.
RT : RT : Black Friday Special; Were giving away one Free Jelly Watch Every Hour starting at 10 Am.
Found someone to do my hair for prom!! Gonna look sexy with my sexy date! ;D
I'm going to be headed back that way in a couple hours
oh man I'm guilty for that one. So true though! Haha it's ugly!
shout out team loud you done know
Browning also wrote, "God is the perfect Poet."
Long day, just wanna lay it down
RT : #yanks baby!!!!! Gotta close it out (Forget the yanks! Geaux Tigers!!!!)
Sometimes I'm not sure who to listen to.
#Syracuse fans take note: SU beat #Kansas in the 2003 #NCAA title game and lost to #Kentucky in 1996. So who are you rooting for?
John L Smith's first act at Arkansas will be to ban all motorcycles without sidecars
I just saw a bum holding a torch riding an aligator in the tunnels, man!
Okay, no, seriously... Where the fuck did that week between yesterday and finals go? They cannot already be on Tuesday! I HAVEN'T STUDIED!
thanks! That's a good idea, and something that's already on my list for the next version.
Story of my life
Proof in Study: Math App Improves Test Scores (And Engagement) |...
The roads are ugly out there. Hope no one is stuck on 80...
Amazon is loading slow #AF now.....
At work today on this Friday morning of May
was more active.
it was actually me who won color the flag...in 4th grade...awk
I'm at in NYC, taking photos of the baseballs.
with Jaycie and Josh.
he was on tiny chat and he tweeted it so i went and wrote will u follow me an he followed:)
whats up with tyler....how have u been
LOVED last night Grind in NE! The Int'l Women's Day gig by BroadArts Theatre was simulcast on SECOND LIFE!!! T'was majorly cool...
Tnx fam! It was an amazing feeling :) RT : congrats bro!!!
" phone haven't been this dry in a min -__- "
they probably can't even spell the word news
I am really excited that both and are both coming to LA this summer. I am looking forward to meeting them.
Congrats to for winning today's (20)12 Days of Free Pizza! Check back in with us tomorrow!
try Sakiri vodka next time You are going to love it!
Just finished crafting the tiny bows for next week's Hunger Games Movie Release Party! Of course, we had to test them out first...
Just laid down in my bed and it may be the best idea I've had all day.
Please check out my answer on to: Had a small fire in apartment, but did not have any installed smoke detectors...
lol yeah was wondering about that...
Boston Bruins pack up one last time as Stanley Cup champions, head home for ... - Washington Post
Give em 1/4. Celtics gave the Hawks 2/4 and still won. Not scared of Philly even at home.
Jarrett only takes out the ring when he wants to blind people! “: that's a secret I gotta keep my man”
the best 25 chapters
Family Ties 2011: Elyse + Steven Keaton living in a tent in Zuccotti Park. Alex P. Keaton president of protested company.
Kerry sporting hockey injury
Yes! Practice everyday! Just like you brush your teeth and take a shower, a singer must sing!
Manhattan overall availability decreased in April to 48.18 million SF from 48.8 million SF in March
Watch out everybody!! creeps on your facebook! ;)
Know a good tech writer?
Anti-#BBN people will say UK is scared, which is ridiculous. Like most sports decisions, it's all about the $$. Damn shame.
be careful with these statements whilst in the middle east. Don't wanna get too prescient
Creepy - just got prompted to add the Google+ "find my face" feature. It automatically prompts people to tag *me specifically* in photos.
I still gotta find somewhere to go tonight I got a lot of good suggestions but nothing sparked my interest
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Austin Mahone is Grenade by Bruno Mars! :D
We provide therapy for adults with-Personality Disorders.
where will this be taking place at?
maybe I got the weekends mixed up lol dayuuumm
If I haven't mentioned it lately, you are wicked smart!
Today is your last chance to win something on the GREAT TV AUCTION, so tune in and bid high on MPTV 10!
Welcome to the Team! Jennifer Cobb joins Owens Harkey, first day is today.
GABRIEL'S TRUMPET, a novel about slavery and the Civil War, available through Indigo Tree Publishing. What the war was really about.
true true
Thanks for nod, Jess. Glad you liked the interview.
None but my real niggas and badd bitches
Shoutout to everyone who came out for THE BLEND last night, artists and audience members alike! Thank you for sharing our love of #art!
hey Austin passing by to say HI and hope u follow me back that would really make my dad :)
Well, I know a lot of liberals *and* conservatives, including evangelicals and confessional Lutherans. How 'bout you?
Congratulations :D Enjoy the day!
I don't care who's watching....
No problem :)
Thank u 4 following. Talk 2 u later.
Just one more hour to have us say nice stuff about your (or your twitter account) if you tweet us for #FF!
Right backatcha Hollerbach. The master list, lunch, reflection questions, all around awesomeness. Thank YOU!
Not to mention brady's 517 passing yards in a game NFL record
I love the word jingle!
perfect answer. Good luck on your short, keep me updated.
The best things in life are usually unexpected ...
Hungry af!! Feed me.
We can be friends can't we Tiffany and will you follow me too as I'm following you ok... xoxoxo God bless Bobby Howard
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
congrats guys. Wish you the best!!!
Happy Easter.
Three Decembers at Chicago Opera Theatre is lovely! The score is gorgeous and the singing stellar! Check it out if you are able.
the problem I see @ my school is that teachers'll "talk the talk" when being observed in classroom, but won't walk the walk.
No I was laughing the whole time lol all u was doin was tickling me
Everyone talks about how much they wanna leave but I can gurantee you'll really miss it when those real bills start coming in
Can't stop watching Supernatural! LOVE IT <3
Brian Waters "whipping" Jason Pierre-Paul. Good call Scott Pioli.
#SideChickBirthdayGifts Oh it was your birthday today?
Thanks for the follow! Really like your latest tweets on
Same here! But I don't know about a mass produced product. Fountain soda mixtures can be quite personal! Haha
Landed first role of the year, got a new agent...I like how this year is starting out
Re-sorted my bookshelves, again, after painters attempted to reshelve. Because Old English goes *before* Middle English or it's wrong.
Every man is the builder of a temple called his body. - Henry David Thoreau
It's Chipotle Friday here at Undoubtedly the best way to kick off the weekend.
so we're all here tweeting & I'm here like "derp."
YUMM! Whatever that is looks delicious.
Have you seen 's fly along with the 128th Air Refueling Wing. It's coming up now on
Tickets for are STILL AVAILABLE at the door! Come get crazy with us TEXAS!
I like boys who like girls who eat carrots :p haha get it?
Thanks for the #MM and #FF! Just wanted to let you know our EP is available for FREE download at historyrepeats.bandcamp.com
:o my niece is gonna be born tomorrow! and her are gonna have the same b-day!!
not even on twitter?
The Ohio State University College of Veterinary Medicine has long been home to the Indoor Cat Initiative. Now the Initiative has...
I have to work early :-(
SHOUTOUT to thank you do much!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
The future is a hundred thousand threads, but the past is a fabric that can never be rewoven.
I have a attitude FUCK everybody, my stomach hurt.
I love love love sitting out on the back deck.
It's a digital trophy. In the shape of a lighthouse.
yes and that is why I am on twitter at one am.
mikey boy tell your peeps to check out my baseball podcast
Now that the liberal media hounded Newt Gingrich out of the race, who will protect Newt Gingrich from Zoo Animals?
Hope the weather holds up for tonights Film on the Rocks, stop on by the Outward Bound tent and say hello!!
spreading word abt our up coming indie film, The Paddy Lincoln Gang. Director & lead are brothers from England, Ben & Dean Jagger
HAPPY B-DAY JUSTIN you r offically 18 and hope it is the best birthday u have ever had
to sum it up. life is full of doing things you don't want in order to take care of the things that you need.
That's incorrect, ROB was a peripheral not an inclusion, and that link is about a man marrying a goat.
If Speaking of.. is one of your #TwitterCrushes, RT this!
Bong. Bong.
I don't want anything other...than a prison guard love
in the words of "when its somethin different the people frown upon it." so f*ck it we frown back!
Success isn't based solely on "prettier, faster or easier". Being "better" is key.
yep, that 5:47 rain went south and stayed. Thank you for the verification!!!
Alison and Maureen are dressed alike, in the same colors as Elmo and cookie monster on Wttg fox5 dc
Ice cream was a bad choice.
all day bro! Im ready
well thank you so much! :)
are you a kpop fan? :D
Illiterate story-telling, self-solving robberies, clairvoyance, energy optimization and hummus with
im really tryna fight this sleep
Well took a nap..... much needed! Got a cute mother's day card from my hubby and Babies. Love em much
Not doing anything tonight... thank you mom for grounding me... D:
Fashion question: Is it OK to wear a white dress to a wedding....white with black trim.
awww I wish I was there with u too!!!
have you ever recorded 'america the beautiful?'
i wish i went to early mass today.. oh welps ''/
Breaking Bad is an intense show
Supporting #RealMadrid Tonight.^ Which soccer lover wouldn't want to see
Lot's of bro's and shots being bought with credit cards @ Tuman's...
80 percent of the time that i look at my battery percentage it's at 69 percent. [one more time...]
what are you doing this weekend?
If all U.S. corn was turned into ethanol it would cover 4% of our energy needs. Why use it at all when it's lethal to combustion engines?
Thanks for the mention Rozanne!
my pleasure…good luck with it!
Seconded! #Brewers RT Jonathan Lucroy for All-Star.
Things happen for a reason but sometimes I wish I knew THAT reason.
not really, this isn't the first time he's done this
Thanks, Curt! It is! Just finishing up an EP, and have a full-length album coming out in the Spring. How about you?
Keep up with my TEAM
at a Face appearance til 5. Maybe when I get back...
Just waking up in the morning gotta Thank God...ice cube
I heard a rumor some asshat is going to paint my Space Needle. Is this true?
are you alright ? o.O
Nd I meant stealing
#mitt2012 #tcot Appalling isn't it?! Who'd #vote for a job destroyer? #Mitt #Romney Wake up!
Yesterday really was the beat Allstar Weekend concert ever... Zach made it 1000x more fantastic.
Welp I officially have flutes in one of my new tunes. Awesome right? hahaha
Welcome to the team !!
. at this point we haven't seen tickets for CATS, but there is always a chance they could pop up anytime. Keep an eye out!
ahh, why don't I know about this?
Good call!
RT - Am. Football Game With The New England Patriots Vs Miami Dolphins Live Telecast TV At PC On 12 Sept. 2011 At 23:00 ...
The day will come when, after harnessing space, winds, tides & gravitation we shall harness for God the energies of love. ~Chardin
yea me to those throw back slow jams will get you in that one type mood
If youre heading out to #Unblurred this evening, be sure to hit Especially awesome art there tonight!
#HumpWednesday @ ARCHER HALL !!! ITs about to be DEEP WITH #AKA's ...... #THEPRETTYGIRLS r #HEAVVVYYY #SweetDreams Friday @
Have you see our new TACO creations lately? Stop in!
be like me and shave the facial hair and just rock the mustache!
Game On! #Pittsburgh #Penguins vs. #Dallas#Stars (or preferred #Yinz vs. Y'all) Let's go #Pens!
Feeling like I have to learn how to type again on this new keyboard. I don't think there has ever been such an epic first world problem
Oh the weather outside is frightful but the ... is so delightful. Fill the blank and share with your friends this fun little holiday game.
oh honey
Anyone let me get at a size 9 Rogue Green KD4?
Dat nigga Kobe gone snap on his teammates watch
meet me in tiny chat please
This morning we handed out 237 toiletry items to our #homeless community members!
Moved by Chris Jordan and his photos of birds filled with plastic. "Grief is transformational, a portal to remembering our love."
Jacob Wilson hit a home run. #Memphis it was a pretty hit....... lets go TN
#DuringSexThoughts Does he think he accomplished something here?!! HAH! I could've had a V8!!-----complete waste of time!!------- LOL
When watch Eastwood "Halftime Ad" I see nonpartisan message of patriotism and hope. We get knocked down but we come together and march on.
How about YOU go through what I go through. Then u Can confront me As a fake. Stupid fuck
You are too kind.
#Broncos smart to dump Tebow instead of keeping him around to give Tebowmania a reason to survive and effect team in negative way.
Totally RT : Can I get an "amen?" RT : Social media is mobile.
I hear ya, I'm thinking we might hear of a roster move soon
Big night tonight! #JAYZSyncShow Who is having a Jay Z concert party tonight?
Mothers Day is around the corner and we've got you covered, from $10 to $10,000,000
I know you can't see my face right now but if you could you'd be able to see how much I DON'T fuckin' care
Apparently I'm on for a contestant's accidental F Bomb. That makes two years in a row on the show (last year with Bobby Brown)!
Robin: collaborative development funding doesn't happen enough.
Wings penalty on Manney for holding the stick. 4 on 4 for about a minute.
Who ask you do u wanna go sumwhere..
Its not on tv here. How does the playmate sitting behind homeplate look?
Does anyone read below the fold anymore?
American is at a crossroads - Callista Gingrich says at Marquette rally for her husband.
Y is it that girls can seem so nice when there not dressed up. But once they put on there skirts and heels, they turn the bitch switch on
we had a blast :) thanks!!
Just let me know if I can help in any way.
dissed my girl. why do you care? you all up on his jock I see.
visiting my grams(:(: hope she's doing great!
Not yet, probably going tomorrow. Try on in store, buy online. :)
THANK U LORD, I'M ALL DONE W/JURY DUTY 4 THE NEXT 3yrs BABY, GOT CALLED 4 A PANEL OF 24 & TOLD US WE WEREN'T NEEDED, SO THEY SENT US HM!
Hmm what is going to be for lunch? Hungry Hungry....
Someone who understands my taste in music FINALLY=
RT : We should be the most educated business entrepreneurs in the world. There's no excuse --
peaches come from a can. they were put there by a man.
Taking on the big boys! Check out #blekko - hopes to rival bing and google
Wait... why am I referring to myself in first person? I thought our story was told in second person?
caballeros! when are you going to open a store in Montclair, NJ? You would CLEAN UP here. No lie.
nigga i didnt get in trouble
Still full to bursting with latkes. Thanks, , they were delicious!
what? Text me
not only is this weather making me sick, it's depressing.
Pujols to meet with Marlins Saturday
...and then her soul floated up to heaven and it snowed cocaine for 2 days
revolutionize flood sandbagging, organic garden watering and spills..Ecosandbag. Many uses and safe to the environment
": the worst part is that he's Jason Campbell" worst part is he's not Aaron Rodgers.
i did
Wait, there's more! We are open AND will be serving brunch on Memorial Day. Woot.
FYI- Play the 3 and 15-- Gemologist and Take Charge Indy). Happy Derby!
Thank you mother nature for such a beautiful day.
RT : In honor of winner Cate Blanchett, if you say "raise up lights" fast it sounds like "razor blades" in Australian.
Finished listening to GOLIATH - Meteoric! Review available soon
Food Fact of the Day: 1985 The Brown Derby Restaurant in Hollywood, closed after 57 years. the Cobb Salad was created there in 1936.
my 4 year old LOVES those. Is that creepy or am I doing something right?
Dude, I'm already following you, lol , gn
im drunk and i wish you were here to RAGE with me !
Deuce Deuce tracks DONE! Debut EP out May 31st!!
keep that mustache man! it is very pleasant and I hate facial hair! but you work it! <3
thanks for sharing in the fun tonight with #CB #Wisconsin top sales pros I didn't see any #cheeseheads did you
RT : Like it? Heck, -- we'd love it if we could!
i can just picture them as tiny hobos w/ bags slung on poles waiting to catch the train to the next town.
Do you run your own tea business?
girl plz get over him your never going to be with him so stop telling everyone you are
I already got you beat, and just like everyone else, yo ass is just trying to keep up...Pina has a bias...unfair
Everyone is gifted. But not everyone opens their present.
Being sick sucks <U+E40F><U+E403><U+E40C><U+E30F><U+E13B>
~There Is a Time To Let Things Happen and a Time To Make Things Happen.~ =)
idk it's "speedway kids" or whatever.
Good to see you too! Tell em I said "Hey Ladies!"
George carlin and bill hicks RT : Any recommendations for good standups on Netflix?
I don't have it it's over my cousins house I'll find you on there if I go over there this week
omg video games vodka and cigs oh my!!!!
we love you.
Just saw a baseball player wearing a mouth guard!?! What the heck? Reddick your a right fielder, not a hockey player
RT : The road to success is always under construction.
I dont know what it is that you done to me ..
You're the biggest bitch I know.
freaking love my hubbard intensive friends wish they lived in chicagoo
“: You will learn something new about #MoreDanny tonight... #TeenWolf”
#RT If You Single
Just spoke with the 2012 Leadership class about poverty, homelessness, disparity & the likelihood that everything'll get much worse.
Then I rec pitching to agents at cons. I'm planning to go big /with/ self publishing, but more on that later this year. ;)
Another great win tonight. I think you're going to get that contract you deserve. OT You know how to foos?
yes I am awesome? Why thank you sir!
why is the worst day of your life?
gotta love Facebook ads, today I've been targeted for Colostomy Bags and Learn Easy Koran
get ready ^_^
uh, yes, in financial aid. i'm only sacrificing my morals for the sake of money what's wrong with that?!
. responds to a polarizing DeMaio who thinks--wrong-headed--that working together is
#Imagine Grandma:"Whos that cute girl on ur phone?" Austin: "my girlfriend,(ur name). she is-" Michele:"Get ready to hear all about her.."
Genius is all I can say about u!
Back in SEATTLE!
#RSL are a dirty team of despicable cheaters. Espindola should be ashamed of himself, if he were capable of shame. Nasty kick on Collin
Its one of those Breathe Carolina nights.<3
<--- State Certified General Contractors and State Certified Roofing Contractors 305-232-3344
your welcome :) ill cross my fingers and hope u can come
Downtown Indy is like a completely different city right now.
Wish I had a chick to chill with right now
Cody has been surfing today.
harder than it seems..
Out of school fuck yeah lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Oh, happy day! I pass both on the way home. Problem? I think so.
The blues will face the East Palo Alto Bulldogs 5/12 in Chula Vista, CA... Stay tuned for further updates!!!!!
work in the morning .. i ain't trippin' im use to about 4 hrs of sleep on the weekends .*shrugs*
this year sux
Fuck love. Love hurt
Alright, #Coachella part deux, let's do it!
WHAT. DO. YOU. WANT?
HA! No way. I admire but leave that to him. I just RTed a News Herald article using their twitter button!
Saw "down, tap, tap, up" on your profile! sounded like a drummer talking!
Pulling for UK. can't help but admire their talent.
it's like "PAPER! now you can write on both sides"
sunday sunny california to record.
cool. From what time to what time? I'll just drop by then.
Wanna be a roller girl? Come check out our informational meeting, Wed. July 28th at 6:30pm, Webster Public Library meeting room A.
Cant live without the Diet Dew! : Last Diet Dew? RT : We're pretty into our new Diet Dew ad
Too much meta kills brain cells!
Back in Night town in Cleveland-one of my most favorites and they've got brand new piano
It would be like illegal to not fist bump.
Nothing better then some home cooking Strouds on a Saturday lunch.
THIS RAIN. <3
Alice in wonderland tonight then bonfire at my house with some of the cast.
No joke! We just got an e-mail about it here letting us know there was one in the area but the tornado watch ends in 20min
just like your momma!
where are you? I want to watch movies there.
Redheads rarely get the girl. Invariably we end up helping the girl pick up the pieces, and make a good friend in the process. That's that.
Recovering from a bad playoff loss isn't easy... RT : Falcons self destruction in 3....2....1....
If you were to ask me what I'm doing right now, I'd say "Oh, just crying at work over a video of a dog saving another dog."
"Being hurt by someone you truly care about leaves a hole in your heart that only love can refill"
In NY for a show tomorrow. Will be seeing some of our favorite people. That's one of the great things about travel.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
I love that tunnel! I wanna throw a party there...a silent party!!!! Lol
Singing the national anthem at the baseball game tonight a little before 7. Yay.
I have an inappropriate crush on Adam Duritz.
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms! We would not be here without you!!!!!
Listen to the spirit of God- Jesus... He is calling you out in the storm... Continued next tweet
good morning follow request follow follow follow RT/RT
lol yes (: thank you (:
I could fuck.
Now is reconsidering her friendship with you
news=depressing
By the hammer of thor! Ron Burgandy is on tonight! haha #anchorman #funniest movie
If you love me... Thank you <3 && If you hate me...F YOOU!
My good friend let me borrow her copy of your book last night. I just started reading it this morning. :)
Video layering is like a gigantic sandwhich
Well just finshed my mock test. I fill accomplished he'll yeah baby! Was easy I fill I passed it for sure. XD
you can't escape
Follow me bro I love your work!
imma have to pass..thanks tho
Thank you for the congrats!
You mean it's not user-friendly or that it's phallus-shaped?
no but often via business networking I make business partners which become friends
I get that. Problem is NFL media ultimately puts pressure back on NFL teams to change boards so fans know players and they "win" draft day.
#Imagine Zayn wraps his arms around your waist, and your noses touch as he slowly kisses your soft lips, pulling your body close to him.
What I'm doing right now, I'm chasing perfection. Kobe Bryant
It's true. His popularity actually causes some to underrate him. Say what you want, but the man knows cinema!
hey lady sending some love ur way today! #Hugs&Smooches
Life time pitch meeting here we go starting to get ready for it wish me and luck fingers crossed everyone
what is that? That a food? Lol
That's the message I got, and I agree with you! re: & portraying IT as good guys.
i dont want to be a drunk who occasionally does awesome things. i want to be a drunk who always does awesome things.
Saturday night and STILL enough time to qualify for tomorrows $2500 freeroll, what are you doing if you are not here !!??
It's one thing to show your lineage in a family tree chart. What brings it to life are the old photographs, coats of arms, country's flags!
thanks Ed! We'll keep you posted.
Heartburn. Back pain. Disgruntled feelings towards technology and today's youth. When did I turn 80?
OMG Thats Just Hilarious x)
I model , I act as well Im trying my best to get my name out there its really not much going on in Milwaukee, but I wont stop
Thanks! We haven't announced an exact release date but expect to have news on this soon :)
Working on some pre-made font graphics. We'll be selling our products in limited quantities.
Small jobs done right, right away
If you have recently read a useful post on teaching, email me with link by Friday for Teaching Carnival 5.09 @ Chronicle of Higher Ed
Free Munch.......Slice Work !
There's still time to register your child or teen for Youth Games. Fun and exciting intros to aquatics, basketball, soccer or track.
emailed you! :)
Social Media Community Challenge + 10 Reasons We All Need Community You remember the early days when you waddled thru the social media mu
Follow ME (: I Love You And Your An INSPIRATION <3
Could there be a woman prettier than Bérénice Bejo? I submit that there could not.
I know the people don't care, but it's kind of unfair that and are playing at the same time.
3 Free Apps For Getting Things Done
indeed, Bordeaux and standing rib roast.
Long over do....
That and getting autographs.
Newest trick for getting boat body ready -- if I MUST eat junk food, it's spicy to kickstart my metabolism. It works! Down 9lbs. Happy day!
RT : Know what an XPS file is? Same as a PDF. Seems silly for MS to create another format.
great , what about you my "ex cali love" lol
ooh I could!
why so many questions. just get me out of here !
presentation went awesome! best one so far! stay tuned for a video of the pitch. HOLLA
I swear to god, one more snarky comment and noone is going to like this luke.
I am impressed sir! RT : technically, that honor belongs to the 1899 Cleveland Spiders, 20-134.
Oh, not much, just seeing Mark Ruffalo tonight. *Gloat*
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament Now in session! Live Free or Try Hard
Doesn't it? Totally something I'd make on the weekend.
Check out #BuyWithMe.com, avail in #sandiego RT LATimes: New ebay-like auction site, Listia
Badidos was so
Yes it works!woo all I had to do was reinstall it!
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
Coffee! And maybe a bit of work at Barnes and nobles with
LIVE from San Diego Zoo at 6:30am
True, true. :) Have a good one- I need to make it to Haute Dish for brunch soon!
Thank you for the #FF last week :
I'm joking, I don't drink whiskey ever.
Yes it does! Or with hot sauce! It's a FAT!!
how are you doing today?
His birthdays in 3 days...should I care....probably.
Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week. ~Joseph Addison
And then some. RT : it's going to be a difficult day. I can feel it. blah.
now following
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Thanks Mark. I'll take a look!
one thing<3
Dont judge till you finish the first book! I promise you'd be hooked! #DontHate lol
Found Free Webinar ... How to harness the power of the internet. List build... rapport... monetize. Register today!
No, but I bet he got a lot of Cherry Wine endorsements....
Still working hard as ever - you can chill in cruise control, if you want to! I don't give two shits from a chicken coop! ;-)
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Sometimes you have to take a few losses. Just keep your head up though.
If u smoke u need to keep gum wit u at ALL times!!!
The 15 minutes of fame concept is obsolete. Now people are able to experience 24/7 fame. Don't you agree?
Sushil silences critics by cracking London code in China - Hindustan Times
Nicks mine! COME AT ME
Been busy last few days, now I'm just chllin'....
Currently, the top 3 leading scorers in the 2014 class are TW players Andrea Thomas, Hailey Kontny and Jessica Lindstrom
3 more hours...its too much going on in here
what day ?
Slept on my neck wrong lst night. Woke up, thought about just working frm home. How would I input that into timesheets: DNP - OLD? #duncan'd
Are you into social media marketing? Have you added text marketing to your product line? The time is now! www.zesmo.com
And sometimes, if you pay attention, you can feel it in the wind.
All I want to do is lay down and sleep.
Please come back to LA once you're done with the Jesus thing.
Yes, at so early a period! The more things change... Where's the reference from? We have lots at CUL on Jews in France..
Bush named chief executive of Challenger space center - Arizona Daily Star Bush named chief executive of Challenger space center Arizona
That sounds awesome.
out of the shower and the whole time iwas listening to nb riderz (:
Cali you've been wonderful - AZ I'm on my way
WHO WILL BE THE NEXT AMERICAN PRESIDENT 2012. OBAMA / ROMNEY..
I do follow back, but it may take me a few weeks or months. I need to look into Twitter apps.
My fingers are crossed that Conda gets voted off of The Biggest Loser. She is an obnoxious brat and her brother was an ass.
I was killed at Settlers of Catan but it was fun nonetheless! Thanks for coming!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! Magoon's - THE LEADING AVERAGE!! no cover - be there!! please?
": Coming soon (this week, I hope) - zooming ability on 1853 SF, plus 1853 San Mateo." Looking forward to it!
I recommend the barrie burger, ! enjoy your first time. & are great
Thanks for the mention.
awh! me too :3 good luck accomplishing your goal <3
I can't handle school.
We think you are AMAZING, Colton! And you were so inspiring tonight! You'll always have fans in us!
Hmm. She still wants a bear....hmm...there are so many ways I could go with that tweet *wink*
It's cool to see someone putting their celebrity to positive causes. Keep it up Silverstone!
My husband got home right before Best Picture & asked aren't the #oscars over yet? I said its only been on 3 hours. Of course not!
RT : BRING YOUR UMBRELLA TONIGHT!! Preferably a very sturdy one that won't turn inside out, because it might do that tonight.
q20 love my
Miami Heat take on the Dallas Mavericks tonight at A. Miami is currently -8.
ok thanks!
Lol! I haven't been in there in for ever RT : Maaannn Winn Dixie music be rolling..!
new song feat street mafia and black boys
believed it or not, I actually tweet too.
Evans drives right past Payne for a slam #Badgers up 4-0
Super light headed this morning... Woke up with a smile! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thinkin of a Master Plan, bout to make serious money this year!
Officially mothers day. better start getting those flowers in vases and thinking about what you're going to bring your mom for breakfast!
If driving from downtown, take 6th Street to Canal Street, go west. Have NEVER dealt with traffic jam heading 2 game.
Completely uncool. I don't understand the wmata culture. Especially among the busdrivers.
Nassib is sacked, again........
this weekend! We play at 6pm on Friday, this is gonna be a great weekend!
Have a wonderful 4th of July weekend! :)
Monroe hangs on for a 3-1 win over Edgewood at Twining Park
I will be in attendance!
Also my room is as hot as Nam in the summer. Can't sweep #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
A "personal email message" AUTOREPLY is not "personal".
just tweeted that...I'm still scratching my head.
Jared's Jokers #ComedyShow 8pm Tomorrow
Triple H, too? Where's Tyler The Creator?
I'm sure it will be I'm going to be right under u if u allow Nero Imy
At the gym
You can also pick up hard copies of the Sabertooth Vampire's adventures at our table at #Gamestorm this weekend & #EC next weekend!
Celebrate Civil War & Emancipation Day tomorrow at LVA. Book talk at 9:30 AM African American genealogy resources on display all day.
Any plans to release on PC?
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "one of the coolest and funnest games ever. Very addicting" by Elaine
Bill, how were you received in Fresno? I'm from there, and I had my doubts you'd sell enough tickets.
Instead of going to the casino opening, I am going to bootcamp!
If I could I would just take a day trip... Just go somewhere where the sun is shining and the birds are singing. Just to lift my spirits.
why man!
A Guide reader asked us where to get a nice coat round these parts. What's your favorite local men's coat supplier?
Somehow my lawn became a mushroom breeding ground.
Caring for someone with Alzheimer’s is not just difficult but also exhausting
uh i am tired -__- nap time then wake up for church and a lil shopping see ya twitter
i am super bored 2day:((
I 1st visited the Liberace Museum about 17 years ago-now I work here! RT : Anyone been to the museum in Vegas?
Thank you for the retweet!
I'm in love with that bit in We Own The Night about 1:30 in...if it feels good do it....
“: Me too, my favorite car...RT hope i can get my hands on the !” a joke right
hurray for food, friendship, AND CAKE!
That's how you do it!!! Champions again!! 4-2 xDD
Babble and groan words of praise and love, and fry like a pig ... in the heart of the sun...
“: RIP Junior Seau. Former NFL player of the 94 Chargers. Brother you will be missed. <U+25B2>”Totally shocked, still had life 2 live
This bitch right here is fucking hot. I love her.
": But you were watchin and jackin off lmao tryna help you homie"- you coming off gay as fuck chill
Time by Pink Floyd too. Cue Tomorrow Never Knows anytime now.
Good Saturday morning, Tucson! So glad nature's alarm clock--doves cooing, woodpeckers' rat-a-tat--won't let me sleep in. Gotta love 'em.
I wear an eye mask too, we are meant to be
It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition. There was once a man who, not being able to find fault with his coal, complained...
Hahaha that makes me laugh everytime
I got my puppy today!!
In case any one was wondering... today is Tuesday.
oh sorry. it was just that when i dont know someone's gender, i usually say male and then find someone like IMA FUCKIN GIRL
Again - When we get 150 followers there will be a special promo code to get your order half off! Let's do this! RT!
Day off with my girls!!!
Preparing my presentation for the Air Force IT Conference in Montgomery, AL.
Restaurant show in march, here we come!
Both are recommendable. Gonna sleep on it before I write my reviews tomorrow.
I better be seeing at church tonight!!:)
Is your check engine light on? I'll read the codes for free!
I haven't been on twitter FO EVER BRO!!! who wants to be my TWITTER BUDII??
Who's getting fucked up cinco de mayo?
Just because you made a mistake doesn't mean you are a failure. Failure does not define who you are but what you do to make things right.
zap!your pressing my follow button:)
perfect! We pushed back to 8:15 ourselves, ha ha.
Thank you. You to.
The H.C.I.C. and don't you forget it.
#JDaddyFact Justin Takes care alot about his teeth since he was alittle boy RT if you love his smile
Dear Congress, while Defunding NPR, how about Removing Limbaugh from Armed Forces Radio Network?
I had 1 box die on me. Then the remote from the 2nd died. Now I use my iPhone as a remote and put up with tons of crashes.
Wait,, Good morning my fellow tweeters wish everyone a good day
Need something to do with my life
what does the gospel shirts look like?
Procedural generation, simplification, and coupling as tools to reduce perceived complexity & keep depth. Charming talk by
Thank you very much !
I think I might be addicted to coffee. Congratulations, Los Angeles, you got me. #COFFEE!!
No. The fame, yes. Haven't delved into it because it's bad. Just not my thing.
WOOOOOOHOOOOO. My mom said i could go to the One Direction concert !!!!!!
Bored!<U+E40D> Math HW!<U+E416>
WOW!!!JUSTIN BIEBER "BOYFRIEND" video tp premiere is on MAY 2nd.....FOR ALL "BELIEBERS"
lmao me too -__- so im tweeting ha
Student puts another brick in winning wall - Bucyrus Telegraph Forum
I didn't think you looked like an offensive lineman lol
Hope the windows aren't down. Your bangs might get messed up.
1000th tweet! :) love who you love and say that you do
Really? Did I really just mix up my words....i hate mornings... ***19 days of school left!! **
Nerd love. RT : Happy Birth-dada-day to Marcel Duchamp! Even though you al-readymade history, urin-all of our hearts today! :)
ALL HAIL THE JERICOAT!!!!
Focus Group, Manhattan, Monday May 7th. Looking males: 18- 30, own an iOS device $85 for 1 ½ hours
#Free! #Idea! If u haven't heard of #247comedy.com, u shud go! www or radio. So good, so fun. Barely any commercials. Just spreading fun...
Send in Numbers For Which Celeb. you make a good Couple with. Heh.
You can tell an art professional by their unusual, yet sensible shoes.
Do you pay for Electricity and Gas? Marketing Div. of NYSE Co. seeks reps to market natural gas, electricity and other services. Earn...
Boston's own - 2012 Alex Award for The Night Circus.
So Everyone Wants To Write There Mom A Thank You Letter On Twitter Or Fb... Smh Classic... A Real Life One Is Much Better...
Rashard Lewis just scored his 15,000th career point... Congrats to Rashard on the accomplishment #teamsweetlew congrats big homey
Turkish ambassador's wife also proudly telling guests how handsome her husband is
im done with people right now..
I call that being Chocolate-Wasted.
Wow Godiva you have surely fucked my mouth this time!
yeah, it's what 247 calls me and i dig it.
Hope the Skins don't pick up Peyton Manning.
“: I just wanna snuggle right now. #realbad #seniorprblmz”
RT : Jeff Flocken is signing his book Wildlife Heroes on Sunday at the Houston Zoo. Get the book at a special discount here...
I think it's 50/50.
L don't now but am geting redy
i don't have a short temper, i just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
I hate little kid drama
No disrespect to the pimps but I don't no how the heauxs get it done in this weather its cold as fuck outside
Can someone PLEASE get off my TV screen?? I'm sick of watching him and hearing his stupid voice.
u have the best life ever!!! miss u guys
“The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.”
:D RT ": #Leo 's are wild and loud in all areas of life."
Spoke with REGI Investments yesterday to do a website for their properties in Big D! WHOOP!
Late #FF Have a great weekend!
Wi-Fi RT : Fill in the blank: When I travel, my favorite hotel amenity is ____________.
": thank u babe! And I won't"better not I know how to find u lol ijs
(obviously I'm not there but..) artists often think abt aesthetic (private) value, not public
American Horror Story, Homeland Get a 2nd Season. Do They Have One in Them?
QoTD: "More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent." (Billy Sunday)
no car
you've seen all my mistakes, so look me in my eyes.
thanks! btw we'd love to talk to you about CP+B - we have some very cool things planned for enterprise interactive design
It's only been a half hour in this class... :'(
M.A.L.U. IS a smexy hot sexy beautiful gorgeous bitch now and forever
So proud of my best friend She is writing a twenty page paper while sick. Pray please!
Used 2 b old-fashioned 2 send cards instead of e-mail or e-cards. Now a "congrats" e-mail is only 4 those not on TW or FB. Next?
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said 'Are you going to help?' I said 'No, six should be enough.'
Free tickets!
yep that got me!
I love my math teacher
~not sure if was being honest or sarcastic, but I happen to love ur art. great creative outlet after cooking all day.
“: Of "Licence to Ill" said "Four jackasses make a masterpiece". #ripmca.”
man y am i still up i have a long day 2morrow i have to be in Hollywood by 11:30 4 an aud and the back to the valley for my callbacks
Done playin games with these niggas bringing the old Sterling back
Great steals this weekend, Fresh WIld Atlantic White Shrimp $15.99lb, Sunrise Papaya 2 for $3, and Bucket o'Wings, 3lb $9.99
Thanks for the follow everyone!
should I keep you next yr for my fantasy football league. I have had you ever yr since u came in the league
what the fuck is wrong with this kid.
Re-Tweet for Reduced entry For #FloorplayParty Tonight @
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
Congrats to 2012 innovation award winners!
Gotta love parents.. Father in-law called to inform us they don't have "email" anymore but now have "gmail". ha ha.
How can u put yourself out there and get mad when you're called a slut?
WHY? WHY? WHY? Soundkitty LOVED U!
charismatic nerds
Love when announcers predict the shot. "he's due to get ahold of one here" "hasn't homered since April 9th" CRACK!
feeling the love! on Sunday should be great :)
plagued w/ shoulder issues on and off the last year. kind of puts a stop to any momentum he gets going.
that is until you get married.
#RESPECT RT : good game,, love the effort.. hope your players recoup and have a good upcoming game...
so pretty!
May 15, 1941 -Joe DiMaggio's 56-game hitting streak begins with a single off Edgar Smith in a 13-1 loss vs. Chicago at Yankee Stadium.
We might not be able to make it, take good notes for us please! :)
Planning is underway for our August 13 grand opening celebration. We hope you'll join us, it's going to be a great day!
What exactly about Italian #highered low #rankings scare you?
This Thursday: presents JAWBREAKER! An 18+ dance party with and here
I don't know about that but maybe if the whole team played
tell me about it.. i'm so not calling her anymore.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to hook up with so many fine African women
look at they vid I just tweeted, I love what he's saying, it makes me think
They are making us look not pretty- not gonna lie, makes me a bit self conscious- like they actually gave us under eye circles.
Fair enough. The people at HBO are probably saying the same thing.
#EventProfs: What meeting room setup do you find most useful for presentations for 30 - 50 attendees? Classroom? U-Shape?
Great day ahead. Sioure Programmers working on a Blackberry APP.
Lebron james is mad pussy
MR.OMG & LOVERBOI gonna be celebrating their birthday this month!!!! HUGE PARTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FOLLOW US
Today is going to be a loong day
fuck a bitch ass nigga rocking reebok and polo... yea
I wish she would hurry and break up with him already so I can go to sleep though...
It always rains the hardest on the people who deserve the sun
hi doll!can you help miss mimi pink share her message with all girls:)?xoxo miss mimi pink:)
“: #Louisville Taking It Home Sorry #KentuckyFans !” Um, yea, how'd that work out for ya?
basketball all day all night!
Can only hope! Fuck the
Do you take any pleasure from Torres bagging two, or does the combination of he and Downing scoring at once frighten you?
I'm in ants crib
#IWouldNeverEver sell or buy a fake bag!! 100% authentic.
I saw your comments on Textmarks. Was it worth the price? Seems a bit steep! Any free alternatives?
Done with one job today. Start new job on Monday!
Nic deserves the best. I'm so happy for her. She's living her dreams. She's blessed & so loved.
Working on these new tracks made for me by these GREAT PRODUCERS, Bryan Fischer Ghost Magnum and !
haha why you hatin on a corolla! Was he mexican too?? Hahaha
from LA to SacTown the BayArea and back down. S/O to you both.
your amazing(;
Goal for Aiyegbusi. Wish I could have seen it!
DUDE ME AND MAC TOTES JUST SAW THAT CRAZY BLONDE CHICK FROM ZUMBA AT EL TORITO
Staying home and playing ps3 all day>> being with ms given!!
SOLO SHOUTOUT-----> follow she's my BFFL and she has awesome TWEETS! 1st 5 to follow will get SOLO shoutouts!
I'm just saying!! We already struggling with Aids killing our culture.
NO #Softball this season . :-( this makes me want to join another team. Lol
As many as I want. Maybe 12 would be fun? ;)
haha you are very welcome! Nice job! (:
lulu is z best
Don't we all?
Honestly though, every day is #WorldBookDay for us. And we like it that way.
If Davis gets a fade-a-way shot and long, dreamy hair he could become like a new Dirk
i read that it comes of of the urethra from the g spot.
What happens 1st The #Oilers win the Cup or all these kids want to get paid & 1/2 leave town?
oh aha lmao(: then i have no idea
who is coming to our FREE pancake breakfast this saturday? it's in district 5 at marshall middle school! 9AM-11AM! #LONGBEACH #PANCAKES!
Hey.. Flower day is this weekend. It's #GrownInMI over in - it's Detroit in full bloom!
I'm starving and ready for lunch and it's only 1st period kms
ha at the knife to a gun fight analogy
Dance may not be your strong suit, but, my friend, you rocked the choreography for Paradise By The Dashboard Light. Bra. Vo.
I miss Northeast
That Pizza Hut Super Supreme pizza was everything...
HE IS THE CUTEST!
oops almost forgot bonus ToD: confusion never stops...clocks/ coldplay
will feature your tweets in my preso. DM me, try to include link to your lib website, blog, or project. Looking 4 dynamos, great quotes.
follow this vikes fan here in tn?
Hope you guys like it, we had so much fun! Plus, the obviously camera adores you!! :)
I think it is so wrong that Thrice keeps showing up in my Tango playlist on Stereomood. Come on Stereomood, get your genres straight!
At 10pm, we open the doors for a LADYFEST MIDWEST benefit! Suggested donation of $5 at door, donate what ya can! !
Last time I checked, your "bb" went after me so...slit your wrist and jump off a bridge you scene skank.
Plane w/ same tail number that flew #Manning to CO departs for NC. Source on meeting w/ Bowlen: This is part of the process -
Let's GO Pens!
Currently watching a live demo: " business one on #SAPHANA"
hey man
I'd love to be able to read all of the inscriptions from the #bbcmeettheromans columbarium in one place. Any ideas?
My iPhones getting a shower safely :3
Happy One Year Anniversary!
U never know how its gonna happen your job is just to be there when it does...I'm so there Lol!
Solidified Distribution through Symphonic Distribution today! Look out for many releases in 2012!
This is about to be the most exciting national championship ever!!!...
Yes i realize I have retarded tanlines on my legs, no you don't need to stare.
N.C. coast under hurricane warning as Irene closes in
What do the Gutenberg Bible and haiku have to do with one another? The Bookshop Door, of course! Find out why September 1.
me too!!
Its so hot and humid.
Hey, go follow He's a bro.
Stop in before #SocialDistortion tonight from 3-6pm for #HappyHour! It's 1/2 Priced Tap Beers & Apps!
Baseball Tee's coming sooner! Only $20!
Thanks ! RT: Really enjoyed presenting at the board meeting. Highly impressed w/ that organization & it's leadership
Love the song love the you lie!!!!
our hotel is walking distance will probs leave in like 15
I would like to extend to you an invitation to the pants party
Arrived at the #LAMarathonExpo. We are in the second row in the blue booth with the awesome massage table & chair!
Either , or is denying me the HBOGo goodness on Roku. Don't they know Winter Is Coming? No love
Painting or playing with playdough!
tommorow...God bless
I forgot my can of Coke this morning and had to buy a Mtn Dew... So sad.
Yep that is pretty much exactly how I felt.
everything is good, hope everything is good for you
welcome to twitter guys!
that looks amazing! congrats, workin' girl!
Patrick Burke, coming up on next!
yes! Let's catch up while your in town.
I want ice cream. And like....good kind
Last night of "Heaven Can Wait" - many thanks to our director, cast & crew for a great run.
until you see me in your dreams, we'll stay awake beneath the trees, we'll watch the buildings turn to dust, a sky of diamonds just for us<3
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. Also I love your videos and please follow me back. :-)
yeah saw the pic. Rocking it!!!
Lmao. How u see me?
Thanks, I probably will.
24 Motivos readers & members from 10 Philadelphia area schools got up bright & early to come w/us to West Chester's LASO Student Conference!
Great first class last night!! Passionate students ready to rock the world.
Wishing you a wonderful day. Much love. Dr. Spanish
What a great lunch!
"Imma make you shine bright like your laying in the snow, bur" ;)
it's crunch time so we gotta put in more work
Are you freaking mad. This hate makes no sense. Why is it that these guys playing together is any different than other guys
Come on in and say hi. We have 30 cent beers until December 30.
I am the Paczki-fairy!
We hope everyone is having a safe and happy 4th of July. Hoorah, to those serving our Nation overseas.
first come first serve
Its Teacher Appreciation Week. We have all had a teacher that has made a difference in our lives. Don't forget them.
#lis483 Been at it since I was 18. It's a sickness. I hope I can STOP some day before I am like, a 90yr...
Your a firework show em your worth!
Not sure if there's enough detail to resolve. If I can help, please email me. terrance at terrance cohen dot com no punctuation.
you would be crying if someone was trying to injure u
HAY YEW GUISE-ALEXIS
I think I set the record straight. I actualy got the catfish, after seeing Jim's dinner last night.
I love making those :)
Listining to One Direction in the car with my sister, with the windows down.
just waking up . What cracking with you ?
There aint no betta feeling then accomplishing a goal or something you work hard for...
He says you don't remember me , I said bawl nigga ! He says embody know lil fat fat . Well NOT ME MUTHAFUCKA !
Hello, Colorado Springs. Nice to see ya.
DETROPIA: amazing doco on the collapse of Detroit. Nice pick,
hate that
thanks so much!!!
RT : Go Team Srsly. Go on with your bad selves. // me == excited
finally i found the courage to delete my facebook! :D
Lol, I almost qot in trouble for usinq this computer at school...... in science class :P Hahaa ;]
Hooray for the weekend! Headed for dinner, then to see the Avengers with Justin. Should be a great night. :)
Man yo, and her Instagram right now >>> Smh *plans NY trip* lol
This week's Weird News Wednesday will come from the world of fashion. Stay tuned!
President Obama isn't perfect, & growth is very slow, BUT we're better off with him than going back to FAILED GOP policies as romney would!
I hate that my laptop is fuckin broke
me too I was in tears last night!!
Saturday night in Seaside, Florida - "An Army Without Music: Civil War Stories from Hallowed Ground." Tickets selling fast!
Holy smokes... Epic!
'We’re going to have to deal with that while keeping kindness Christians are known for without giving up our convictions.’ - Albert Mohler
Enjoying Sunday Best Tonight! Tribute was nice!
Instagrammers...follow me or die. JKJK but if you love #ChrisMotionless and #AfuckingA then follow me (: Please & thanks love<3
I'm going for sure. Count me in
Jones vs Evans.. Let's do this <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Happy 4th of July! Come in for a half Red White &Blue Shake (strawberry,vanilla&blueberry mix)..free with your $12 purchase! Valid July 2-4!
#DepressingStory: so today my dad told me that there's only 2 episodes of House left. i almost cried. i LOVE House with a burning passion.
Men suck, cheaters suck, fake bitches suck, bosses suck, SUCK IT!
Is iChat still a thing? It's all the rage in YRL.
good call.. you know you want to...
sorry but no way I can be non partisan anymore #teamObama all the way now ! Dems only 4 house & Senate ! ~ a 4mer repub
Like Hunger Games, my #ragnarcape dream this morning was a doubly hard round two. Glad it was only a dream.
I am testing this account. Pardon me followers. Thanks.
It is pretty cool, sort of Sterling-Cooper Mad-Men-esque.
Free for All Friday! Top 25% income earners in Congress - party split? Journalistic integrity... is the mainstream media biased? And more!!
The thought and RIP'S that makes us strong
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will. Robert Anthony
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy 2012!
Well obviously.
thanks for that push to use the #PennAW!
We're gonna create a blog, use the console, DB migrate, style w/SASS, compress assets, authenticate, and look at HAML.
SO CLING TO WHAT YOU KNOW AND NEVER LET GO YOU SHOULD KNOW THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM.
"If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail."
Predators open the second quarter with a touchdown pass to Eley, Jr. Kick is good making it 14 -7 Orlando.
Happy Birthday T Money.
reading every single book in that charlotte elementary school library, when we were in second grade #schoolmemories :)
Ridin' round & I'm gettin' it....
Can we lay here for Another Breath? To Feel this Love, we can come again.. We Can lose ourselves when were 2gether..
glad Walgreens is still open... forgot batteries!
Today is going to be a good day. :)
have you checked out the Community Cycling Center, they do a lot of reused bikes
you know what you should do? ....follow back! ;) haha
- get it in
Hope it's not to ugly tomorrow! Chaperoning Destie's class at the zoo & I would HATE to have a bunch of angry wet little 8 & 9 year olds!
more research on Norma Jeane's mom Gladys, instead of judging her for her mental illness, they would see reasons why.
Ron Paul just got glitterbombed!
Work weeks like this I truly appreciate starbucks
Actually I'd be perfectly pleased if you dropped trou & I mean now ;-D : Hello ladies
I'd take the sunburn over my household chores ANY day.
Whts up how u been
Who Tf Says 'Swagger' ?
lol Yes he looked super young ..lol
chick fil a u coming here anytime soon?
I'm usually air drumming or guitaring in addition to said act.
Thanks for following. Look forward to your tweets
#NowPlaying Orbital / Hackers theme | Love this track, Cleaning Trance
ooh, will have to check it out-my kitchen is due for a detox-thanks!
someone find the unclosed parentheses in this game, I'm sick of all these ERRORS
That ewok head and nerf gun belong to my friend Brian, I would @ him but internet twitter is so much fail.
I am but I was going to put it in the june edition the april edition has been made up already before we even had our talk
Beyonce need to tweet with location so I can stalk her. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
HELIO CASTRONEVES FOR THE WIN!!! HIS FIRST IN 20 RACES!
yes please? :)
Really been getting into the NHL Playoffs! Entertaining to say the least.
My finger hurts!
when and I get going, it's always my favorite conversation. She's definitely a #birdsofafeather member.
Mission complete.
I'm so cold!!
The Region 7 AOS II panel is taking a 5 minute break.
haha! Yeah she was so wasted. and high? lol.
Roof open! Good. Hopefully this snaps em out of it!
that's od
Awesome night with my princess <3 :)
I need to get one to cellar. Very tasty!
I'm such a proud #ACTmomma :)
I don't need you to be positive all the time. I need you to be real-positive, negative & everything in between.
And I can see you years from now, in a bar, talking over a football game with that same big loud opinion, but nobody's listening.
A shout out today to Mr. , on his 4th year pushing bits into helpful places here at Figure 53. It's a joy to work with ya, sir.
Pinnochio... Don't smoke that cigarette...NO NO NO
Good thinking!
oh snap! didn't see that one coming.
Oscar Night! I rather miss Christmas, Michigan State winning the national Championship, and a date w/Olivia Wilde.
did you check your car?
Just had a conversation with a co-worker about the Walgreens #nice! brand
your dance moves are incredible
I have Questlove and Jazzy Jeff
I want food!!! No no no its almost summer...
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game"
i need that skirt!!
your job title should be changed to: Creative Pimp. ;) Congrats on the publication honor.
At 7am on Sep. 14, 1814 Adm. Cochrane ordered his British flotilla back down the Patapsco River ending the attack on Ft McHenry.
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
Heading to the Bay View Bash this weekend? Stop by 2953 S. Wentworth Ave. to check out PBTC's 2nd Annual Rummage Sale! Lots of great stuff …
It's about focusing on diverse audiences with the same weight as we focus on others in communications plans.
Indian food in Baltimore: where do you suggest?
But yes, being on the road is a big factor!
Salvation Army assists more than 42 million individuals throughout the year in the US almost 6 mil.of those during the holiday season alone.
I say basically #FF every1 I follow. But if you want to read wisdom, humor, & keep track of what's happening in Africa
Haha, it's too late to drive to Brooklyn! But I'll Megabus there soon-ish. Early April, maybe?
Yes, yes we should
no tears!
its amazing what any effort can accomplish
Reliving my childhood and watching spongebob. Then I'm about to go outside and enjoy this day some more.
Those who ignore their dreams ignore art!
hey hubby whts been goin on...we need to get out dere asap!
Dang I think everybody is jammin' to "Dear Mama" today.
:O tut tut! Will come prepared on Tuesday don't worry (;
If peeps pursued what they want to accomplish like my 4yo nephew pursues Uncle Time, it would be accomplished.
Don’t make me mad then tell me to calm down. That’s like shooting someone and then wondering why they’re bleeding.
keep it up, I have Monday depression
new technologies + new industry participants = breakdown of longstanding organizational relationships. ,
#AFS11 starting to talk about cultural tourism & L3Cs at the alternate funding models group (idea fair)
I am drink espresso nog beer. total jam beer! who knew!
Simple is always better than complicated.
Heading to #ColumbusOhio tomorrow for #ArnoldClassic will be #Insanity with the Pros! Can't wait!
follow me back.
Hi doll did you get my emails:) yet?
Being a sports fan would be easier if I stopped being a hippie intellectual snob and bought a television. But that won't happen.
Happy hour starts at 5:30. Don't worry though, it goes until 7pm!
Glad u could visit! RT Just met at the gorgeous exhibit. He couldnt have been sweeter or more adorable!
Whipped cream isn't whipped cream at all unless it's been whipped with whips, everybody knows that.
Law student? ;)
#geekend #fa113 via "it's easy to find people who want to give money. "
It's about to go down Knicks vs. Heat
Not yet. But it HAS tried to trade the coffee table for an ottoman that doesn't even match.
“: Paul looks likely to get about 40% of vote in Virginia -- a fairly strong protest vote against Romney. #2012”
Almost October and it's 101 in the ATX. Yikes!
Sunday Plans? Our patio is open, perfect Tucson day for al fresco dining!
Drink "loakal," drink often.
My landlord reminded me to "cover all vents to my crawl space". I have no idea what that means!!! Crawl space? I dont get it.
I think it's unhealthy to listen to one song this many times in a row. Think I'm obsessed...
Last 11 days in Texas was #EPIC Thank You
After much debate, my FF is set. Wichita State, Mizzou, KU and Kansas St.
will you marry me?
I go to all your games but you can't just come to one of mine
Do you go out on Friday nights? Where's your favorite hot spot?
SAY HI TO THE PENGUINS FOR ME!
Funny how all of a sudden Obama is on the defensive about wall street. Wonder why?
Sometimes we use stair step training when we should add some immersive training. ~Ruth Clark
Why does it have to rain on days where I cant lay around in my pajamas and sleep? -__-
hi guys!
fyi it should be with a k.
yeah! :D
you might just be the most immature person ive ever met
no, she tweeted at me!
who wins today
back at SU after an awesome easter!
she's getting "cookie monster" cookies for her birthday, just for being so cute.
Thank you so much love!
- Lucky lady!!! Tweet me a pic! Rock those watches ;) xox
get fu#*$t, jerk off.. I pop my head out all the time, seenm u just the other day downtown, maybe I say hi, see whats up
I've hear constant rolling thunder for at least the past five minutes. Sounds like a jet flying over but never going anywhere
Cant wait to go on the spirit of norfolk cruise wit this special lady..
my day isnt so bad after all, i got a free strawberry cream shake at starbucks cuz the person who ordered it left
Great fun sharing my #photography experience at the Leica Akademie today at #SVA in
thanks so much for reading! :) We're planning to eventually do all 12 of his films.
check out some of our 90s throwback tshirts in honor of some of your favorite shows comin' back to Nickelodeon iwitot.com
lol! I mean... It's a cool van! Haha jk. No van
Thanks for RT Levi!
haven't danced in San Diego but if I ever get a chance I'm checking in with you for the hot spots.
Bouta clock in.. best news of the day
Fresh off the block I got work.
check our site out today and Join its free!! Artist's sell your music keep your money!
:) I'm naming mine Morty. You?
Reminding everyone to go support Footloose in 2 weeks!:-)
You'll know what this is like soon, Wives sending messages to each other, babies, the whole thing.
I'm biased, since I do it now, but I think the easiest way to find anything is to go to the location page.
Metro conductor: "Correction: Doors will be opening on the RIGHT side." Inspires lots of confidence in the system.
Thanks for following!
I wanna watch Hocus Pocus so badly!!!!!!
Pouring some nice brew at the Los Feliz farmers market... Guatemala Finca Rosma & Brazil Bob-o-Link!
The least expensive way to manage risk is to avoid it or transfer it thru the use of hold harmless agreements and indemnification language
Every note should count!play like you mean it!stay in the "groove"watch+ listen!...OK?
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Thanks ! We can't wait to see #SheHeChat live
I love sleeping :( let me go back to sleep
Barrera introduces his motion: Wants to focus school closures committee so it only looks at a few schools
Excited about a Pool Party tomorrow..at Drais..Might post some photos, keep tuned
I got my Mom #Boston #Red #Sox tickets for #Mothers #Day. She said why would I want to go see them.
positive thinking attracts positive results to your life
I guess I don't agree with this so called "diversity" the speaker is talking about at American University
nothing at all!
Last night was good. Definately need to do that again soon! :)
NLSK-38938. Been marked as "emergency" in your system for 14 hours.
Just a couple more hours to go to write a review and to enter our Batting Glove Giveaway! Who has gotten themselves an entry so far?
So I just got kicked in the face ...:/ by my sister .
I hate him so much
NEI out of EC
RT: never wear flip flops #intheclub u will get ur toes jacked up by heels n feet
My night was insane.!
awesome, all the best to you all
Going to learn how to weld and sculpture tomorrow! So excited
Who's with me on promoting solar energy initiatives?
Hmm feeling a little snug in this outfit - might have to retire it to the post-baby closet. This pregnancy's moving fast!
m sure?
love you by
I can't believe it's already my third Easter in Manhattan Beach!
The greatest tragedy of this period..was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people. - MLK
I'ma stab you.
What is a "free minute?" just wondered since I can't seem to find one anywhere! Lol;) never enough time....
Rudy should've went left hand
Thank you! And thank you for reading!
Morning All :-)
Why is your show always filled with Repubs? Where is the fairness and balance? Get rid of Cokie Roberts altogether!!!
Yes, because gays marrying straights does NOT work! RT “: Obama says "same-sex couples should be able to get married"
night class. ugh
i saw that interview, he likes a land line! Funny how most of us need the new stuff.
I want another tat...
I can't believe I never knew about chained comparison support in python until stumbling across this much desired feature in coffeescript
Carlos fall down go boom!
Loved the cover!
72 days? Try harder.
Fuck, I just really want to stay in bed al day
RT : When you get back up, suddenly, everything becomes possible!
So, so, very true.
When your own parents talk shit about you <<<<
an imy more!
Haha! RT The power outage is part of our Public Service Announcement. We wanted your attention. Our pool party is this Sun
You never know - we are trying to make it their for her to have a week with her friends before goin to LA permanently.
#FF Cocktail Enthusiasts
I'm not fat, I'm fluffy x)
Another visit to the dentist this morning. This is getting to be a habit :(
Steppin' out for rehearsal!
Maria Sharapova wins in the Italian Open.
You girls need to tear it up in NYC
RT PR firms/brands - We're putting together a secret event. Want to participate and get in front of our 4MM men?
Haha! Trying to stay young as long as possible!
Yo I swear Justin & is dad (jeremy) look so alike!! There soo cute :)
Playing tonight with Hot Club of Hulaville at Cafe Che Pasta tonight 6-8PM. Maybe some special guests sitting in. www.chepastacafe.com
haha, I'm terrified of lightning, but do agree it definitely looks cool from a GREAT distance.
I need to create a wish list like some of these sexy chicks! I need some dvds and premiere money. Any offers?...
Good morning tweeps!
“: 10 hrs of sleep. Much needed.” I'm so jealous!
Sure thing. What email address can I use to send it to you?
Oh, the dents in our fingers as we manically smushed buttons on our Coleco football games!
I cut the cable and went with #AppleTV. New dilemma - how to watch #Brewers games. Suggestions are appreciated!
LET'S GET IT LOL I'm all for it cuzzo
I know what I'm getting you for Christmas! Lol
Had a long & bu$y day.... Now its time 4 me 2 rest.. I am TOO tired.... Goodnite! ;o)
I'll cook you breakfast man, if you want to swing by Beacon Hill!
1 timeout each.
Saw a dude that looked like a 14 year old version of Tyler the Creator lol and he had a supreme hat
sounds like me after I'm done with track lol
Great - thanks!
Were both full we both gotta shyt haha
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
I'm right here! Lol!
The things that seem so simple are suddenly so far out of reach .
Heading to Atlanta for the weekend
If they made a Little Mermaid movie with actual people, Ariana will play Ariel<3
Thanks for posting Danny!!<3
I worry about you.
Good Night all the Tweetie Birds in the WOrld !
been MIA for a bit...will be back and tweeting in just a few more days! take care till then tweeps! keep spreading the love!
no leave it on and jus tweet me
When a guy calls you everynight drunk, being all suicidal.<<<
Today is a day of preparation for San Diego Project Homeless Connect. we will be providing ID and we have a great CJSC team! 1/11/12.
Sam...great job...the biz will rock!
What? More water already? Yes. Do it.
Isn't it? Somehow it seems more invasive than email.
N.Y definitely got different vibes than L.A !!! But i like it !!!
Are your servers down ? Can't access the website..
RT : RT : RT : I don't like people that move funny around me
man where is
Yes mom...every boy that I talk to is my boyfriend-_-
last chance for free shipping on all orders... almost tapped out of coffee -- only a few bags left.
A real concern in our household - whether or not my wife gets a moment to try to speak to our dog telepathically.
Thanks you! I wasn't sure what I was going to write for my last piece but it came together nicely.
#WeWereCoolUntil you tried to run me over with your car...
Literally jumping thru hoops for photo permissions
lolol nothin to do w it girardis just bein nice.. Truth is nunez is just an overall shakey fielder
T.G.I.F. Have a RELAXING Friday night. Slow down and enjoy your surroundings. “There is more to life than increasing its speed.”-Gandhi
where u from?
Anyone wanna take me to school? lol
road trip! Snaggin a few retailers on the way down. Only an 18 hour drive lol
actually I would.
what happened?
train wreck.
most boring trip ever
Work has me lacking my sleep!
NY subways would be infinitely more awesome if the made an appearance. And seriously, #BronxZoo? Keep track of your snakes.
Thanks for the follow, Vince!
It's truly disappointing and sad how easy America is making it for low life perverts
Still dreaming of 's beef tongue. Great dinner and drinks at Urbana with Must return soon for the oysters
waitin for my parents to roll up in the new 2011 avalanche.
..Intuitive mind is a gift, and the rational mind is a faithful servant. ...Society..honors the servant and has forgotten the gift ~Einstein
you won't regret it!!
": Seeing The RAVENS Win Reminds Me 2 Wish A HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!! luv ya!" Luv u 2!!!!
the spot! In hernando MS let me know if you need the address
Never trust a bitch dat looks like her
Me without caffeine= -_-
Are people "woo"ing outside because of a basketball game or because it's St. Patty's and they've been drinking since 7am?
were watching Joe Dirt on Comedy Central
Awe nah, that's all you dough! c:
I had 2 tix waiting for you... Next yr??
My birthdays almost over & I'm still sober
literally you us derivatives for EVERYTHING in calc
Do you think women feel that sensitivity is not masculine (I could believe it is possible) or is it mostly men who feel that?
Thanks for following Some big RepeatReceipt News to come very soon!
nice meeting you at the joint. Looking forward to futzing with some DIY radio next semester.
Now proud to be delivering for the Brass Ring Bar and Grill. Order now and we will have it to you in under an hour S2YD.com
Just fantastic! So cliche but I really did laugh and cry.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
I think i might wear a Hawaiian shirt every day. #ImOnVacation!
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
would only be better if it were an ice cream scoop instead of a key!
word son
Been a fan of your blog for a while! Keep up the great work!
Chicago has got a LOT of good music going down tonight! See my previous tweets!!!
Way more open minded. Florida sux
so something random could have deeper meanings and vice versa?
great writing and splendid reporting in your Vanity Fair story on the Murdoch investigations! thank you.
How many species of roses actually grow in the Filoli Gardens? Rachel gets a lesson in gardening this week at Filoli, Sun (5/2/10) @ 5:30pm.
where's my water!
lol , i be busy
he's bowling Squid Style lol
RU tweeting in your sleep? U should be resting missy! I'm not a Dr but I want to play 1 on TV (consider this practicing orders).
- that rocked with Mr. Cosby. too funny! Thanks for sharing!
These lonely nights are no fun!
Good friend called-meet her for lunch Wed. So grateful. Can't wait to have lunch w/ (GA.) (TN.)
All Sport
I'm a LEADER, not a follower, but if we're walking into a creepy dark place, I guess I'll follow you!!! You're going first!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
Work out By J. Cole :D loveitttt
u not following me so I cant...so you send it....
I wearing out my remote with all these games!
Emily and her 5th grade mission about the American Revolution! Q: can 5th grade make new and current revolution discoveries?
one day is not enough time lol..anything special going on that day?
my laptop acting slow af
- for months now. I'm considering putting some more coffee on that.
It hasn't been this warm in my house since last July. I may be able to retire my wool socks soon!
can u plezz give me a shout out :) ur tweets got me hooked!
RT : Nigga better be patient, before I spit in it! Lol
remember George Lehmann basketball vids? BEEF!!! "Cock it, Lock it, Shot, Swish" I can't find his video's anywhere. He was unreal
Perfect Beef. Olives, Tomatoes, Lettuce, Jalapenos, Cilantro, Sharp Cheddar and Pepper Jack Cheeses. Shells. Taco Night. Happy Happy.
Thank you, my Father in heaven for another blessing! Happy Tuesday, folks. And...let's be careful out there today!
Why is everything 100 times funnier when you're trying to be quiet..
GO BIG OR GO HOME. I hope to die while eating cheese.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you text me first.
6 Months Today! Celebrating differently at Las Margaritas sans bebidas.
We would love to host your next shoot if you are looking for space.
im serious these niggas cant see us
Had a great lunch with and are excited about a joint presentation! Love having great resources to network with!
“: thank you for the following!” thank you too!
atmosphere's coming to the state theatre next month, so we're going k? k.
Get well, come back stronger. Love having you as a Patriot. True class.
Thanks for the follow Steve. We'll be talking to you this week about the employee comm article....
BAby Got Back is playing on the radio reminds me of the night with DJ and lol
you crack me up! My holiday was nice & mellow at 'rents house in AZ. Cold, but very sunny. Enjoy rest of yours!
so I guess your taking Hendo in the upset then?
Go Caps!
RT : Just heard on ESPNRadio. He's a frequent at , solid Christian & leadership expert//Follow HIm!
today should be a good day ..
#humanrights this is such a great step that the government has made to involve the citizens from around the world, GREAT JOB!
“: Bon voyage! We're getting it on when you're back in Hotlanta. ;)”>>> can't wait!:)
Step 4 is have fun & feel free to ask questions.
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears. ~ Dag Hammarskjold
Not hopefully. Hope or hoped
I need to get back into PT back exercises. Starting to feel it in my back and shoulders again. Will put it in my reminders.
- 25 to Life
Dear banks / credit card companies: your voice menus suck — especially when you’re trying to cancel a card due to theft. Thanks.
Lets go #Yankees! Keep the pressure on Shields!
I want 3D mainly because Ridley shot it that way. I'm hoping for the best.
you deserve them. <3
Delsym is the Best tasting cough medicine I have ever had. If it works I'm totally endorsing it. By endorsing I mean buy more
My #Super16Weekend is a 2-day event. Day1 will feat young&positive Hip Hop, Pop & R&B artists; Day 2 will feat Inspirational/Gospel artists.
Dear wealthy donors to Goodwill who have awesome taste in clothes and wear my size... THANK YOU!
Nicely stated, Cristyn! Since I started #paleo, I've just never felt better, lost a ton of weight, cholesterol vastly better!
Because when we understand the physics of our natural world, we can use that knowledge to provide a better tomorrow...for all
if he, , gets to go before me Imma be pissed! I brought you last year
sad but true.
You can blame that on Steve Jobs use of LSD.
you too. Love the demo teasers.
aw yeah! Now I'm excited! <U+263A>
On the brackets when you win it doesn't ask by how much, only the winner's school name advance.
Craig Monroe; please lose the earrings.
There is still no cure for the common birthday. ~ John Glenn
#nowwatching soul plane
Big news going to be announced soon!
You ain't never had a friend like me...yeah I have a Disney movie song stuck in my head.
#WNST Kirk Cousins starts over RG3 for the Skins and leads them to an NFC Championship and wins the NFC MVP.
Hey Josh you must stop being a stranger ;) myself and many others miss your updates. Don't stay away too much longer! Much <3
#dictionary Lionize: To treat or regard as an object of great interest or importance.
Dialing for Dollars!
Brought my mom some white roses :)
do your thing, follow up
World Peace ain't having it.
Jungle Jims has the best #craftbeer selection anywhere in Cincinnati.
Famous Footwear.
Things finally calmed down here at Bexar County Dispatch...ah lets see how long that last
When are they going to make minimalist black leather knee high boots?
Damm is getting man handled in Twitter jail
PickUpLine: Show me your pussy!
Whos near the New York Stock Exchange? Take a photo, upload to , and earn cash.
Thanks, Peter!
Why so early? That's craziness! I predict a nap around noon. Have a great day! :D
GM N High 2U RT Good Morning!
The better plyrs r going to most likely read those guys making these suicidal plays & they r going to put their chips n bad...
great find w/ & story abt Brian Regan. Successfully delivered to himself
Happy Friday! Make sure to stop by the Farmers Market today, Noon to 4 p.m. on Sennott Street!
Music makes me high.
lol. U in town all weekend?
happy birthday fam
"Courageous" THE MOVIE blog post @ daryldorsey.com
I think only time will tell "daddy"
Some guy just sat next to me on the train and started talking to me about Jesus EVEN THOUGH THERE WERE STILL TOTALLY EMPTY ROWS OF SEATS
And someone is giving a sermon on the bus.
Should have kept your old #. Who had it on the Crew? Wouldn't give it up?? Good luck next game!!
Now that you mention it...
My insomnia is back ~ awesome. Just ordered Ambien. Be prepared for weird twitter posts!
Thanks! RT : you guys were SO amazing! We're your new biggest fans. Can't wait to catch a show!
I sent you another message on facebook.
RT : Terrific Friends
A bachelor's degree is preferred. An ideal candidate should have five (5) years Practice Support experience in a law firm.
BACK in LA...i can't believe it
OMG! shmello twit friend! haha yes im ready for summer and partyin! its gonna be fun meg! :)
": Lightning strikes have been detected. Heavy showers are forming this evening." More on your weather in 15 mins.
. on Prince and Minneapolis sound: result of the production of space a la Michel de Certeau
like can we do something better?
Okay have fun but be safe Ot. :)
I wish.
Memphis needs to pick it up !.
Your very welcome. Great meeting your company and best of success!
United HealthGroup - "Talent Mobility is macro succession management. Our talent is a portfolio of talent that we are managing"
Just got done watching Water for Elephants :)
Loved it. Great as usual
you don't think you would have gone pro?
#upearlytotrain ready to hit cardio recovery always feel so amazing afterwards
I thought I recognized from audition on American idol. So happy to see you on the voice. I'm a huge fan of you both!
Having one of those hate everyone moments
Are you interested in Internet marketing and starting your own home-based business? Email me ==> Jonathan Graham <>
:) Cannot even wait for #NEVERSAYNEVER <3
Biden and Clinton smoozing today... I guess to calm reports of her replacing him on the ticket @ the Dem convention.
is it bad I keep thinking of the conversation I wanna have w/ James.... I wanna be his friend!!! Ha
I want to die :( i hate my life.
My boy happy birthday bitch.
Holy fuck, are you telling em you've been holding your pee for 6 hours XD
Somebody give me some music to listen to I been listenin to the same stuff too much lately
i guess we both have our own shows, but we're both working one...?
The news i just got <<<<
due to drummer with broken foot, we won't be playing at el rio tonight. looking forward to our next gig with broken cities dec. 6
Did you know? There are NO #LED sloped recessed cans available? What to do if you have a sloped ceiling in CA and don't like fluorescent
Can this be true? RT J. K. Rowling is the first person to become a billionaire (U.S. dollars) by writing books.
Hey Carlito remember me Benny Blanco from the Bronx.
I can get behind that.
Beginning the design process for my premium Wordpress Theme.... Righteo... time to get inspired.
Wonder if Philadelphia's Michael Farfan will be on the field with #S04's Jefferson Farfan on May 9? :D
i have friends!! and the reason i have my hopes up, is because ik i'm gonna win!
Self-doubt, sabotaging mind sets, and non-prioritizing habits are destructive to your goals & dreams. Game plan against them today;-)
#glee #sillylovesongs is on the plane
BARS!!! nuff said
tweets so many love quotes I kinda feel like he's not going to be single soon. ;c
Beautiful People.
Happy Birthday!!:)
What's everyone's favourite song?? Mines is called Proud by JLS . It is an amazing song and it's mine and my sisters song ~Leanne<21
what's up?
all I want for my birthday is for to skype me!
the internet is boring
done and done!
You will always be the answer when someone asks what I'm thinking about. <3
Total outcast right now... :/
Knock KnockWho's there !Bullet !Bullet who ?Bullet all the hay and now he's hungry !
going to bed before 1am
Perfect day for a scooter ride! Cassie, let's go :)
Much obliged from Airplane Novel's author. Many thanks!
Haute lunch in full swing here at Davanti.. Ditch the cubicle, come have a bite to eat!
I walked through that area several times. It was so lovely - felt so steeped in history and culture. I loved it.
5 days of school, 2 days of weekend, 10 months for school, 2 months for summer. Who the fuck divided this shit?
Workout done! So nice to get it out of the way for the day!
thank you! I'm newer to twitter...still figuring things out
So hard.
5 Questions: Montel Williams confronts MS head on
where is it Ian. I'll have a look :)
fact is squidoo is not a independent blogging platform ... it's a page on a community. Neither FB pages nor twitter.
Does American still have bike promotions?
Thanks to Forest Home Auto Body for sponsering our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!!!
Canada is not exactly cultural magnet for magicians. But why?
good point. I'm taking that off my feed.
Holsteins lobster mac and cheese!! It's a whole new level of heavenly bliss!
yes. thanks for sharing that.
Must go to the screening of First Position. One of the ballerinas was on DWTS tonite. I won't be able to wait till June!
awe it would be awesome & super nice if he said yes
Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Lean Green Machine :)
Billy Elliot, Next to Normal, Young Frankenstein, and Lion King, please! :)
well it gets you drunk, but other than that I can't guarantee much
Laying down thanking god for another day hot and feeling lazy
i think the owner of the location can edit the page
This is so true! "It's funny how you can fall in love with a person you didn't even notice the first time you met.”
Hello everyone! Please be sure to promote our fansite! It would mean a lot to us and we'd appreciate it so much. Thanks!
Seeking talented speakers for you next event? Think of us!
London: where have you been?
I'll talk to them next time I see them.
me too ! Honestly it was my favorite show EVER ... there should be a comeback episode or something like that! (:
i remember how i used to rollerblade in p.e
just being by was the top 3 things that will happen in my life including marriage and birth lol
Breaking Dawn Premiere with ? Think yes!!!
i envy the people who can just shut off their emotions&not give one fuck about another person as they get with them. that is amazing to me.
new posts up now at 1standvine.tumblr.com! dig in.
Say no to the “other” pink meat! , we can trace the ground beef in our fresh meat cases back to the supplier.
It's like a cows opinion. It's moo.
youll like it
Til then, come check out Pres, & myself today & EVERY Wednesday 4 our "Intermix Wednesdays" Professional HH at Bar 7 from 5-9
God hates the Bears
Harper finally homered. Good for him.
Fog go away
don't underestimate & #teamunanimous. has LOTS of VERY supportive fans.lol.
A high school teacher in Salem is accused of having a sexual relationship with one of his students. Details at 10&11.
'Lucy' was dressed, apparently with more speed than exactitude, in a pink nightgown, the petition states, while Graves wore a colorful p ...
It's a gorgeous day for a Southern BBQ. Malbon Brothers and 97.3 The Eagle will be at Southern Dodge-Chrysler-Jeep-Ram from 12-2!
its going to be okay sweetie, cheer up! Love you <3
Live Through Faith......
Dealing with drunk people when you're not in a party is not funny at all.
if you wait for iPhone 5 Verizon has 4G LTE in Philly, AT&T doesn't yet.
We Could Whisper Sweet Things To Each Other Over Pillows That No One Could Hear.
the shoveled sidewalks are a sheet of ice. the unshoveled are fine. and that's why i didn't shovel this morning.
Hey Jarred!ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
Nailed it? RT : When I look at Gallo, he looks a bit like a choker... he has always struck me as someone who feared pressure
Newt seems especially Nixon-y sour tonight
have you checked your tracking number? And ahh I see!:)
Lakelaw is recruiting for bankruptcy and mortgage foreclosure paralegals
I love books! I want to be buried with them! There, I said it. I know they kill trees and take up space, but I LOVE BOOKS!
I love you. More than anything. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
People are still asking where they can find things. Go to
Dont Wanna Do That , Cause If I Do , It Wont Ever The Same .
So this #summer I'm taking over a few classes to get my #GPA higher . Need to get in a good college. :) <3
o lol it's fine it didn't bother me.
Halftime at the Hormets game--they're about to have a baby crawl race. I'm nervous...lol
Creating a comic book outta video stills then animating them is not as easy as some think. I see why my associates in LA get the big bucks.
Probs the last weekend in March. We should go to dinner with Amish you betches.
I'm taking good care of me.
I really wish would wake up/answer her phone/come home and let me into my house. All I want is my bed.
New username, same old me; no longer retweeting to my company site, I can blow off steam here and not sully the company image. Ahem.
Time to hop on my trusty rusty steed and get home before the skies open upon me.
Schaefer & Barton lose game two 9-15, we are going to an 11 pt tiebreaker tied one game apiece..
#onceuponatime I use to give fuck what my dad said. Times have changed.
Lazy Sunday...just doin' stuff on the 'puter and watching the NFL playoffs. Waiting for my Steelers game to start! How is urs?
Hahaha, oh wow. I hope you tweet a bit of it! Sounds like an interesting time.
I'm really not in the mood so .
im just waiting for jersey shore to start
we take interns for college credit
we have everything you need to fill your basket, in fact the Easter Bunny has a key to the shoppe!
I love your posts, I look forward to them for a good laugh. Thanks for that! :)
Little farewelled at Opera House - Sky News Australia
Lol @ these fans trying to ice ...win as a team lose as a team, motto of any sport. NY fans are moody and emotional
Check out my new sign out front of the Belvedere! Holla!
Well one thing Republicans and Democrats seem to agree on. Neither like Mitt Romney.
TALK TO U AN THE AM I NEED SOME SLEEP
Great name!
lost ya dam mind lol. Fall back sir I don't want you
haha makin new friends every day!
Ah...just love to wake up and see this every Friday.... "Your 5LINX Card has been loaded!" Love it!
love it!!
I got the htc phone
Bruce =amazing Love him more today than seeing him in 1975!!!!
love sublime :)
that 86 championship squad killed it. on and off the field. plus they had da hyns el sid and ron darling.
Trouble with your ride? Check out our #appoftheday ...
He's digging himself into a hole!
Wow ... incredible to see it in action
Thank you for the MT
Listening to some LMFAO
I'M BACK
“ MVP rankings: LeBron, Durant, Rose, Kobe, CP3, Tony Parker, & Iguodala. Who gets YOUR vote?" or
Manchester city. Wow
RT : Watching #toughlove is the man. I see Danielle is a natural comedian
okaay! its fine :)
whats up love
Disenchanting how the American standard has wholly, irreparably changed from "pursuit of happiness" to "pursuit of not being miserable."
Suggestions for Intermediate PHP/Javascript textbooks?
Sometimes I wish I was a more menacing person so people wouldn't constantly run into me and mess with me.
Overall this is a good half for the #Knicks! We have to keep this up and build on the lead in the 3rd quarter!
RT : Happy Birthday We hope you have a wonderful day!
What's on the menu for lunch today?
Thanks for all you do, my good friend!
you can support the cmc just by coming and drinking beer too! :)
Ride a hot air balloon is next up on my list!
If you don’t think the product is good, you have no business to be advertising it
NY NY NY NY NY NY NY next weekend!!!
women currently battling Ovarian Cancer!
Been a while since someone's ordered a chip butty. Nice work
Long night.. Headed to prayer.. I NEED it!
you have me(:
i think your work CC, places you square in the middle of it
Get your #HAIR ready for #Spring ! Free Deep Conditioning Treatment when you book a color service! (702)588-8456
hurray!!! Curious to see results :)... R they 4 someone special? ;)
If this chicago 1D signing doesn't happen, I will personally rip your ears off, and shove them down your throat
LMFAO. THE FACT AM TWEETING MB RANDOM LYRICS MUAHAHAHA >:D
Thanks, Alan. Thomas had a big influence on Salmond's politics. (Salmond is SNP.) Who says poetry can't change the world?
It's like that argument "Big Government helps Big Business therefore the free market is bad"
Had a wonderful evening with learning more about the life and work of artist Jan Yoors.
I wld, but there w/ u“: Call me lame, but I can't wait to watch the season finale of # #goldrush tonight!! Hit 100 ounces!”
its in rotatuon in the club hittin
Fuck!!! I for got to sell my books back!!
Yes...in the Union Station Annex.
Feel inspired! RT : Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
I feel sorry for people who let the devil use them seriously.
Neither is Deidre she just goes to sleep.
I liked my boyfriends ex girlfriend better when she was gay
Debix's Davis laments "old standbys" of passwords and challenge questions; transitions to move towards Multifactor Authentication
I'm not trying to just pointing out the obvious lol.
Just met my 3 little cousins and i love all of them! especially the little one she so cute! and i help my little cousin with her homework
My life is suddenly amazing!!! :) yay me so happy all the time now!!
Coroner says British secret service worker was probably 'killed unlawfully' - Los Angeles Times
Your brand is so much bigger than your book says
"I'm capable of really anything".
Still can't print the free tickets!! I want it so BAD!
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 14 should be out in the next few weeks...
Love life = -0. Maybe I'll just become a nun.
#fwmmmm RT : I got OKC in the finals, just how I got ASU in the swac
Fantastic job sticking to your guns and getting the story straight about the Bob Costas interview and carrying Jill
Remember when stalkers used to be called secret admires...
When you design products, remember that "people like to be pilots not passengers"
so i'm not gettin a fuckin dog ? woo.
In Tennessee now :) It's absolutely beautiful here <3
Be ready to discuss it.
Fun night :D
Ba hahaha...Gangster
TONIGHT CHECK OUT DJ BIG MIKE @ MEADOW MUFFINS! *FREE COVER* AGES 21+ LIVE BAND IN FRONT BAR! 2432 W Colorado Ave
You will find a box with 12 shiny pieces of treasure... at a liquor store... might say "Horny Goat" on the side...
Who is your favorite person to follow on Twitter?
She was undeniably, unashamedly Glorifying God! Bless her Father! U go Anna!
Now I am craving egg salad!
I assume it's waht you went through, or something similar
#SometimesAllAGirlWants for you to say yes.... All the time!
No she didn't. How did that happen?
Prairie Home Companion is such a gift. Closed this morning w Danny Boy. I miss my Grandpa Kelly & Momma Linda O so very much this morning.
Don't be afraid to take an unfamiliar path, sometimes they're the ones that take you to the best places.
turn that frown upside down. It will get better
k hahaha or should we tell niko?????
I got your new album its AMAZING! Can;t wait till' next Saturday for your show in Lancaster PA (: its gonna be great !
Thank you for following!
How bout dem o's.
will be in NY for the next week, FYI.
When you don't text me <<<<<
I can predict the weather. If I'm supposed to get a package delivered, it will rain.
thx! I'm working on making it that way :)
Seems like MTV is moments away from just using people’s vacation footage as television programming
Can I get everyone to take a picture of themselves with a sign that says something about peer pressure. If you do it I will give you my info
Hungry & excited!
Make your reservation for the best new restaurant in #LA Message me to make reservations for your special occasion
I have an idea for a new location-based app. Contact me if you have expertise.
i fucking love him*-*<U+2665>
looks good. Let's chat. Email me at .
think it's sad that Britton Rd would be closed!
Just checked into #Paris in Vegas. No snow here!
was looking around for you when I left to say goodbye but couldn't find you. So many folks there, which is awesome!
No luck on the Green Day tickets. Clicked "buy" at noon on the dot, already sold out. Hrmph.
Domnick got two promotions!!! Way to go babe!
Thank you 2 the woman who donated bike cart/items 2 the homeless man I met who rescues cats. he said it saved his life-u r awesome!
Saying I love you in texts form is soo much easyer than saying it in person!
Finally got that album. I can't stop listening to it in the car! #Guiltyfilthysoul is stuck in my head!
I just told my friends I would even just like to go to the airport just to imagine I am going somewhere!!
Ontario coast is live at #sbix. We are giving you the bird
I have a whole (small) drawer of tickets, tags etc. I'll use them to decorate my shop someday!
and BRENDAN BENSON and JACK WHITE both have new albums out today. There IS a Musical God and She loves us!
Ima give more info tomorrow.
chilling watching a movie wen y'all gone get us fucked up or high ass hell LIL BOOTY:-) :-)
omg did I really just do that?!
Thank you! RT : I was in the U district but I've added you to my Seattle lunch spots!
Good morning my luvs...be grateful for being able to see another day bcuz someone wasn't as fortuna..use it wisely...enjoy!.
#about to leave for an #audition!! break a leg to me! come on!!!!
John Shirley~ Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them.
Watch out you don't get lectured by Frances McDormand, yo.
ahh i feel like this too!! RT “: Am I the only one who is not bothered about the Olympics!?”
Are there any faithful men located in the Metro Atlanta area ?
I hear ya brotha!!! Still coming in June? Hope so...
Thats good an mine went good as well :) “: it turned out pretty good actually. How was yours”
She'd be an AMAZING guest on any smart, classy show. Which yours is.
People from TV shows & movies have perfect skin! not one hair, cut, or bruise on their legs or arms! WTF
Dove Peppermint Bark! YUMMY! :)
Oh! My Mother & Father did-It was that or going to the movies. There wasn't much else to do other than listening to the radio
thank you, I'll actually be 25, I just wish I was 16, again.
Nice double for Rolen. I really wish he could get going...
you know it!!!
Sorry I didnt see your message earlier. We plan on announcing the winner when we get 500 likes. Might be earlier though
Murray asks for a transit plan. Doesn't know that Rasmussen has been trying to prevent funding of just that?
Cracking eggs of knowledge at Bodine Highschool
with you hosting SNL I finally have some faith that it will actually be a funny this season.
just won a donut from the #TimHortons coffee cup roll up contest
one of my fav quotes is: find out who you are, then be yourself on purpose
IU's Straight No Chaser's concert July 17th at 5:30pm. Tickets on sale now at the Box Office open Tues.-Fri. 9-5 or available online.
Thanks!! RT : Nice plan! (~: AND I like the book cover!
Dont trust anybody, life is safer that way.
GL to my JOMO from another mother and his Wolverines today vs Ohio.
Ted Greene was something!! Known for his solo guitar. Ed Bickert can comp! I hope to have another CD soon with jazz vox
Seeking a #AIX Admin for a contract opp. #Cisco experience a plus. Contact me at .
ain't no party like a liz lemon party 'cause a liz lemon party is mandatory.
I figure practice puts your brains in your muscles. -Sam Snead
I really wish I could see Austin in concert. But I know someday I'll be able to.
RT : Only about 30 tickets left for tonight's show with Salsa Con Jazz! Reserve yours now at www.twofivejazztalk.com
Our CURRY brightens up rainy days like today...see ya soon!!!
want to do a one Direction bacjground for mee?(:
The new teaser trailer for “Anchorman 2" will appear exclusively on "The Dictator," beginning at midnight tomorrow.
damn you thick you should hit me up
It's an app, right? (OK, just asking that makes me feel OldOldOld. I do know what apps are ;) )
Home & ready for bed. Goodnight!
love the jokes. Msg me. Would love to see u in Dallas.
Cool review! Thanks for sending this to me. Did you write it?
oh that's awesome!!
Had a great time building with my man !
Um, what's the other 58%? Or maybe I don't want to know ...
I remember saying that I wanted 300 followers before May 2nd. I have 500 followers before May 2nd.. Wow! :') so happy I could cry!!
tweet some pics of this duck lol...
Greece triggered CDS... but we're still here!
Shut the up fuck up before I embarrass u!!
always treat your woman like a lady. never get too old to call her baby. never let your praying knees get lazy & love like crazy <3
RT : Please tweet w/ #cunydhi hashtag any questions you have for Doug Armato on the future of scholarly publishing (cc )
Welcome newest raven Ryan Mcbean
To all kickstarter donators and preorders: Everything will be shipped out tomorrow! Fret not, it won't be too much longer
Wasn't a bad first period for Kreider -- he didn't stand out for anything negative, so I'll take it
I'm not even watching anymore, this is straight up UFC.
Wisconsin wins again! #HappyCowsComeFromWisconsin RT : Case of mad cow disease confirmed in California.
Congrats to Mario Gutierrez, #yvr and I'll Have Another on Derby win!
Laptopping at Einstein Bros in Arlington before picking up LO from daycare. Methinks this will be a good writing spot for
Just signed up our first group of runners for Jingle Bell 5K!
Whoa, haven't tweeted in two days. I have been insanely busy which is good but so tiring.
Looks like not many are thinking about older shows. I Love Lucy deserves a vote.
Another day another dolla!
dear god stop!!!
Dentist appointment tomorrow. This means I've got six months' worth of flossing to catch up on.
Shout out to all of my new followers!!!!!
Do you follow international developments? How much involved are you?
Go to church come home get drunk i love sundays.
No excuses for shoplifting, still you shouldn't shut down Starbucks for a coffee drinker in a stolen Shirt.
4-8" snow still on par for much of immediate WI area Mon PM-Tues PM. Watching increasing prospects of blowing and drifting for Tues PM.
hahaha! Soon you will! We will be on tour soon!
wow so was Chrissy really hating on Yandy ??wanted her not in her lime ligh & off the showt
I could see Hart moving there to get Aoki & Gomez into the lineup more consistently. "cute" enough?
Tuesday gossip roundup: Zoe Saldana wants bigger boobs - Metro.us
WHat do you want to be when you grow up? #careerexploration a zookeeper?
Ahh gym class I forgot the key to my locker, where playing basketball... Again yay... Not...Katie I replyed but I guess you didn't get i ...
Foo Fighters! RT : Get excited for the #Grammys this coming Sunday!
girls say suck my dick more than guys do loll
well, I must say, that was a rather disappointing end to our shot at the Bowl
Listen up, #measure folks: says is building a data sciences lab to enable social intelligence
oh you're such a big fat liar. I wish you wouldn't lie so much.
I'm way too excited for this upcoming year..
they're both sexy to me lol
just throw on #thebelt, you'll feel better!
thanks - looking forward to see you!
oh cool did you already know or was it just all rndomly ???o and are yall in houston right now???
What are you writing today?
Thanks so much for sharing, Kimberly. This is such a great campaign - really appreciate your support!
I spent Mothe'rs Day being a grunt laborer... gardening all day, although I did enjoy it, tomorrow I have to use brain again
ill try and get you one!! I miss you!
School is closed next Monday, September 5th, for Labor Day. Classes resume Tuesday - have a great, long weekend!
Vista, San Marcos, Escondido. 10% off any jobs booked for Friday. Call us today.
i ordered a player shirt a couple weeks ago. Its pretty dope.
All I want for Christmas is for you to come with me to on Monday...
Man it ain't nothin to a boss :)
Went to my grandpa's house to celebrate his birthday! :] I'm so tired now.
you wasn't with the right people if you didn't have fun. We had a blast.
John Powell~ The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
George Zimmerman is the son of Retired Virginia State Supreme Court Judge Robert Zimmerman. #Really?
Hm...maybe it's time to put those recurve bows and dusty carbon fiber arrows on ebay...
Been away from twitter but now I'm back
“: I've been obsessed with alanis morisette for 17 years now.” glad you got that off ur chest. Now u can move on in therapy.
why not both? are they seeing anyone? i like attached women cause singles are clingy
so do I it's meeting the Jonas brothers or having them tweet to you.
Ha, is that sarcasm Stef?
You, sir, WIN.
Archie Griffin, Chris Spielman Standouts on All-Time Ohio State Football Team - Bleacher Report
Love my girls night out!
justin!! We are a family and you're welcome oh!! and... #iloveyou :) <3
I did the rted. It would make my day to get a follow! You have always been my favorite!
Specials today: Roasted Tomato and Pesto/ Jowl Browns/ Hoppel Poppel/ Breakfast Pizza/ Mixed Vegetable and Noodles/ Steak Salad
same here
you never told me about them, i already knew about em! haha but they're coming here? :O
If I offered FREE, U.S. Made, Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet tube samples (3-pack) for just the cost of shipping ($4.94), would you try it?
she tagged the wrong person.
you should TOTALLY do it because fans get a chance to vote! And you know peeps!
OMG!!! There was a speed chase on my block!!!! AWESOME!!!
It is.
We love that is never too hot in SF for some hot yoga!
RT if ya ass fell asleep everytime you went to church as a kid
Killer songs guys!
Great tool RT : Mission is to help people easily move offline meetings to online conversations
how u been?
. live from SCOTUS on MSNBC right now
Watching Sweet Home Alabama...I totally would have married Patrick Dempsey. New York or country...I choose New York.
What up! U Can Put Up On That Site Famo
And, yes, I am once again taking on more work than I can shoulder. But no matter how deep I drown, I learn to swim faster.
That's a lot oh Houston Wildcats in DFW uniforms so most o the girls are all H-Town
Check out my new release, TO THOSE WHO WAIT, at www.whiskeycreekpress.com. Scott and Leah are committed to others but they fall in love.
we have 6 long months but we're going to have to take a weekend break for 1D lmfao!
When is mothers day?
Sophia bout to beat my ass. I should make sure I got enough money Lls
when is it?
Thanks for the head's up. Think I'll leave that experiment on the drawing board.
If you're not following: or please do so. Thanks!
I wish I had something better to do than sit here
PARTY: IF YOU GO TO PARKWOOD, Friday night, party at hunters and then nicks. Reefer and booze nigga
missed out on the
The song and, in fact, the whole disc is just gold. Can't believe it wasn't a massive hit.
Our students ROCK! RT "Just finished my walk around/meeting at Mar Vista Middle School for my Compact Advisor job"
Jacoby Ellsbury cannot do all the work! Cowboy up, Red Sox!
awesome gift, congrats!
just telling the truth! my friend realized that i was right after initially laughing
still. tornado?
Chats keep going in the summer. We can't spend that much time apart.
Gearing up for the news on Biz Asia America...the latest on the VA jet crash...the Brazil Blonde Gang and the death of Malawi's President.
KINGS WIN AH
alright i see yu
if a individual wants to win . then you must put up a battle for what u want!!~
I don't even have a bow.. smh -_-
Hope he can cup down on the K's
$CME's board is the largest among U.S. companies with 32 members.
And on the third day he rose. HAPPY EASTER
ugh, I hate feeling unmotivated. snap out of it self!
At brothertons in mount healthy
WONDERFUL vocal rehearsal with none other than the incomparable GCAL :D it's been a dooooozyy :)
"Poems: Second Series" by
I know, right?!
thanks haha amd whatever floats ur boat:P
The timing that men possess is impeccable.
thanks, andrew!
Looking for someone who does music videos! Please let us know if you are that person, or know someone who can make it happen.
and just to get this straight, i love 1D too fucking much to put in words, but justin is my everything, and i will ALWAYS have his back.
yes sir :)
Are there any plans to do a follow-up episode for the missing persons cases on Psychic Kids?
lol yes that's exactly what
Reading about a song in rollingstone and being able to pay #1.29 to download to your phone and check out. Love
Just had 2 squares of Dove Dark Chocolate - oh! I love dark chocolate lots more than white or milk chocolate. And it is HEALTHY to eat!
2 shirts i saw dollar today 1) FUCK YOU IM NOT IRISH! 2) Did a Lepercon SHIT on you???
Career Talk provides valuable info to assist job seekers/businesses. Listen to Career Talk this Monday at 7:00 PM on KQV 1410 AM
lmao yes ma'am! Taler's punkahhh will be back too so you know we definitely gotta do something!
How are you?
Been listening to "This Way Up" all day in antcipation of seeing you tonight! Love the new T-shirts too on your website!
Woah!! For how long?
I'd support the efforts of Creationists if they focused more on getting The Big Bang Theory taken off the air.
no problem
Did anyone get raptured?
We want to display your logo! Sign up today and have your logo proudly displayed at conventions and marketing materials. Contact us today!
Got to have faith in our Knicks
researching coral reefs and climate change impacts
umm beautiful much:) I love your profile picture:) your too dang gorgeous:) I love you hunnybunchesofoats:)
I call Verizon and asked why my NFL mobile was not working. Her response I don't know!
Bout To Head To The Store Stack up on Them Snacks..
Listening to sports center... They ask how you can replace ..... You cant ..
Lots of water.
Where she go at?
build'n the gator pit... almighty...
has Bruschetta on the brain! Details coming soon!
thanks dude!
I Know I Noticed :pp
New to twitter! Trying to figure out how it works!
Fox tell's the $10k Romney story 4 times as much the Liberal Media. Why? I know the reason, $$$!fweekend
In your opinion, how do you go about finding a personal trainer that is serious about your success?
I hope you grandpa feels better
these next few weeks: stress 101
Omer Asik is the worse offensive center in America
Jones whiffs and we're going to extra innings.
Today in Blues: Blues harmonica player Sonny Boy Williamson II was born Dec 5, 1912, (uncertain) in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi.
Creating a swag bag of their own, a marketing campaign can benefit from the variety and the perceived value of the concept.
Like the idea of a networking wingman. Great idea.
got you guys when im done editing these videos I got on deck. getting paid now so im putting those first.
I make up stories and poems all the time but rarely write them down. Not sure why.
Thanks for the retweet.
Writing up a cost benefit analysis on paper based course surveys vs. survey collection via iPad. man hours alone build case for iPad.
I was at Amani's some last minute's moves...will Xpln later
Lol aww "britty k" you cute. I will friend! feel like we got a lot to catch up on
The conversation I just had with >>>
Museum lovers are the best
Nyquil to the rescue!
I'll take B.
Seriously bummed we can't digitize the asparagus study to share with you all. You're missing out.
Gurl, whatever :}. Change, how are you?
Thanks for the shout-out.
follow back
Your honestly the weirdest person I know, and that's why I love you :-)
*deletes tweet* ....i'm not going into this.
Legend has it that the first true cocktail, #Sazerac, was mixed in New Orleans in 19th century by a #pharmacist, Antoine Amadee Peychaud.
Round 34 - Fight!
me too!
Newest guilty pleasure - watching reality shows about cake! I can't wait to get home to watch Cake Boss and the Ultimate Cake Off recordings
hey I'm 8 months away so technically I am:) lol
so how ayo like dah dunk from wade
You deserve it! See you guys in Chi-town this June! Can't wait.
Ashlie! How is one of our favorite Mac Duggal friends doing today? FYI: We all love your hair in your profile pic!
Hysteria level: Purple
Did you have a good one? I will be ready. I did have one, until tonight.
OMFG stfu you pick at every single word someone says and get made when someone talks about your comment
Going to be a very long day at work today...oh well
Hey, , you're a coward, a bully and a religious hypocrite. Make you feel big picking on a teen girl like ?
#Oomf look like the dude from Blade lmao
yup! building an HTML5 game :) what are you working on?
Not sure which taco to try tonight? Order a couple! They're HALF PRICE TONIGHT!
I'll check it out and let you know, why you think it is awful?
Just noticed a new spate of followers espousing the virtues of vodka and scotch. Wonder what I'm doing to attract the drinking crowd? LOL
That was one hell of a walk-off by Obama. Baller gait.
Welcome Professor Folu Ogundimu "The impact of ICTs have lowered costs, created more opportunities for engagement"
ha we're all stereotypes--fruit & vegetals FTW!
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain. ~
! #CGIU App is due the 23rd, I say group application!
Residential Plans too expensive? We make building affordable! Visit us online www.danze-davis.com to view hundreds of home plans!
"Madonna's old. Older than me. She should start knitting."
Custard is my favorate doughnut filling
appreciating the momentum
There's a Shake Shack at the Saratoga racetrack?! Where have I been?
#Support Healtheworldwithmusic.org For The Newest Hits That Are Out Now!!
i would have thought that after the movie premiered, would have a lot of followers, but THANK GOD he has the same amount. <U+2665>
#ThingsOnMyMind How to raise more money than I did last year for my dessert for the homeless charity.
Many thanks to all of my followers, and especially those who have been so helpful to me.
I act cool and collected whenever my crush talks to me. Afterwards, I spazz out. xD
87% of men in Malibu look like Jeff Bridges- if Jeff Bridges lived on a sailboat, didn't cut his toenails & thought he was Tom Waits
Maybe not today, but your request has been noted. Happy Halloween!
GOD TELL ME WHY IS SO HOT ?
i just seen a boy walkin down the street wit some skinny jeans come to find out that there made out of beef jerky kmsl!!!
Thnx! It was just one of those moments where I believe I was over thinking the whole thing.
I think mad at me...but watch. she'll call back in the next 24 hrs..
And congrats to 's Marc de Maar for taking 5th today in Belgium!
that sucks, mine was for a 100 level class and was 5 mins
Much obliged sir. Have a great day! Will you be attending the Maple Festival this weekend?
haha no, not yet, it was my friends!
omg. amazing.
Well That Sounds Like Fun! Why Don't You Wanna Go?
Aww I'm gone but tweet me pics if you go later! Your fiancee is one diehard fan
it's sandwich time, hon. are you ready to fix me one?
Any Artist Anywhere WIth Hot Music and Videos Get At Us! www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com LETS MAKE HISTORY!
Let's do it! I think & are headed there too
His proven dictatorial style leaves no room for argument, making credibility to players irrelevant. Williams goes down anyways..
I am gearing up to send out my March newsletter, send me your emailed to get a very special treat! xx
I'm bout to unfollow you for that
Also: maybe add little markers indicating hours for "oldest news" 8 to 24 is a lot of time to slide without knowing.
Spring is in the air. It's time to turn a new leaf. Get your body in shape. Healthy is my new motif. Get back to it, girl!
Boys 2 men pandora station
#weekendrock "(Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty," KC and the Sunshine Band
Nokia 603 Review – The Smartphone for Everyone! - SymbianTweet
somehow I've only just now started following you.
Have you seen C2E2 book line up? It's looking promising!
I loved your performance, even though GMA cut it. I stayed up just so I wouldn't miss it. Please follow me!!
« #Scorpio's walk with a purpose; they prowl.»
Working On Music to ease the UnNecessary Stress off my MIND !
nope still on tweet limit :(
I'm at Bauhaus and we lost power too!
G.M.N.I.: How you act as an adult is a choice.
too funny!
Enjoying an evening at #chathamtap...i dont come here near enough
DC: Attended mayor Elect Gray's Town Hall Meeting, ward 5. The room was packed. Everyone is excited about the future of DC.
Second set Taking off!!! Sit back relax and VIBE!!
Radelet: "But since the 1990s, we can no longer talk about a Sub-Saharan Africa. The biggest pattern is a divergence across the continent."
RT : My mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea. -Taylor Swift
Sitting in seminar now & am truly shocked as to how many ppl have NO idea what Twitter or LinkedIn is...time to learn about social media!
Dallas Mavericks have to be the most boring NBA team in history!
And I love Keke's dress (:
please watch tonight to see our interview by with our spokeswoman !
Well im chill as ice bro. :p
Tough AM to be a #Steelers fan, although last nite's #DowntonPBS premiere almost made me forget my sadness. Glad work will keep me busy!
drinking a rockstar...
SOX: Will Middlebrooks hit a second HR (two-run) in the 8th as the #RedSox beat the #Royals 11-5 to break losing skid. Game 2 tonight.
had to get that out...anyways, on to better things..
*like if you'd clap those cheeks*
im downstairs at your house buddy
I was trying to buy a few days ago and all the links were screwed up :o When I saw it being fixed today I said YES.
I'm sitting naked on my couch counting my "funny money" from last night. Getting ready to vacation and show off my hot bikini body.
“: Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy.”you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2> it dead on da head!
Really I checked out a couple of the commissions and they all seem full... suggestions?
This child stayed up all night studying in the fifth grade, knowing this will be the only way for a better future.
#nowplaying "Can't Keep", Eddie Vedder, Ukulele Songs
I AM FOLLOWING U YOUR THE 1 THATS NOT FOLLOWING ME
I hate it when people argue over stupid shit..
I seriously need sleep or else I might die.
Whatever a Saka Manju is, it looks delicious! Also, happy birthday Ericka!
Yeah, I am considering it too!
So cool the bests is yet to come for sure
For a minute there I thought I made it through dinner without getting anything on my white shirt. Than, nope.
I wish we had another time, I wish we had another place. But everything we have is stuck in the moment!<3
Yep! Still havnt done last years.. Lol “: ... gotta do the damn laundry. & taxes! Anyone else epic fail at doing em on time?”
i need more followers
four more classes until summer. thank god. One year of college will be completed!
Real Best Friends: act, think & express things the same way,so as soon as one leaves its cause they were just fake from the start.
#IWantToHave a one way ticket to LA:)
#Its2012WhyYouStill not have a twitter?
~as a judge you are to remain in the middle which every season you fail to do. Stop being so nit picky about little things.
Mammoth trails at 10-9 entering the final quarter. Big 4th!!!
-love it!
am I allowed to send tweets via multiple accounts, if I have the account owners' consent? They will be human generated, not bot.
Tip #4 “Attend discussions with physicians and other members of your Senior Loved One's healthcare team." - A.A.M.G.H.C
Film. Fashion. Art. sneak preview open house Thursday 3-4pm. Come get a quick look at Seattle's next "big thing".
Lyon acknowledges that "enactment of power in the moment thru discourse" is not new really. Foucault. Wittgenstein. But argues that (1/2)
The only thing cool about this #tikibarge hearing is when it ends.
UFC tonight!!! Get here Early!! Great drink specials..Great matchups!!! Great company
“ I only fuck with REAL Gay bxtchs ”
I think they ate drinking to much DD !!!!
I was fighting one girl but her friend decided to get me and they attacked and then it was her friend and I.
The future of ebooks is trade offs. We have to make them honestly and articulately.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
you may resume the torture of your genitals
nice! I will be there sometimes!!
Good luck! We had a rainy weekend inside too... it was a long weekend.
is looking for a keyboard and/or guitar. folks with a hankering to try should contact band (at) intothelightcarolanne . com
omg omg omg omg that was amazing!!!!
I think should try out for the Red Sox bullpen. Just throw the baseball as if it were Cue Ball :)
Isn't Jordan Caron just Dan Paille with better hands and a bigger body? I'm really not sure what the debate is here.
i love you, please marry me? :D<3
awesome streaming tonight..
my brother has a 1939 phone hahahahahaha omg. i love his weirdness.
HS playoffs going on tonight; who ya got
“: Just seen a nigga try to pick up a bitch in his cab” Lmfao!!!!!!
alright alright alright make me
boys boys boys, we love them! :D
It's finally here! Can't wait to get to Miller Park for #Brewers Opening Day! :-)
wow thanks so much
Up shop'n for a new MacBook pro
This just in. Newt Gingrich would back a law letting husbands leave their wives if they were catching a cold or having a bad hair day.
They are. Maxx had his nail broken - he bled bad for about 20 minutes, but thankfully it stopped. Gave me a good scare!
Notice how Houston w/ zone blocking is running the ball? Notice how they beat Indy that way and we didn't. Just sayin
*creeps under your covers*
These are all just TOO GOOD! Knew you'd appreciate this ;)
I just really hope James Franco will still be here tomorrow and not leave right away.
At work feeling horrible
he totally needs a series to back him up. Running Wilde tried...
Here here!!!!!! I completely & totally agree. Was in a situation a few years ago where that happened way too often!
gah all my friends are getting engaged too!! I feel so old!
Thanks for the follow!
+__|!| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
it's going to be such an amazing trip/experience!!!!
are you looking for new artist to spin?
oh joy! “: Tarp is off. Rain has stopped. I believe the #RedSox and #Mariners will play tonight.”
HS STUDENTS! TONIGHT @ CLUB FUEGO! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTiNG LiVE LiL TWiST OF YOUNG MONEY PERFORMiN LiVE AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX
Seriously?!?, can I ever grab the grocery cart that doesn't squeak or clunk or pull to one side?
That movie is amazing I could see it over and over again. Hope you enjoy yourself
But now that I'm done with ME3 (for now), it's time to focus on SFxT & jump back into the land of Skyrim!
I hate the thunder but I want them to beat the lakers.
I'm hungry ...!!!! Hm either this Curry or subway ...!! Decisions decisions lol
WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?!
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.6: Architecture by HH Richardson, Louis Sullivan, D. Burnham, FL Wright.
;) you're cute
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks. Requested by the wife. She loves seared scallops. Lemon bars for dessert.
Got called "miss regular" by the hostess at my regular lunch place today. Too bad our office moves tomorrow.
I hear the beat of my heart getting louder whenever I'm near you <U+2764> -
Thanks for the casino night RT's. Date is J1/23 & all are welcome! www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Hopefully, you communicated your Christmas list well and have received all that you wanted! Happy Holidays!!
Nice meeting you today! A hand went down at my table, shortly after we spoke, that was nearly the same, straight v set v set otf!
The abolition of audit for small co's has made suppliers very vulnerable. Should re -instate + quarterly subs to CRO would help
What do you do when your wife falls i. Love with the most popular #ugg of the season and it sold out everywhere?
Wow, when gives you a S/O like that, it's something special!
Mixing. Man, it seems after 7 hours you go slightly deaf. Not a good time to be making sound decisions. Fascinating process!
RT : Wire actor and speaker is running the NYC Marathon today. Send him some love!
Too darn late to still be at work!
Just watched #thewantedonidol & ..... you are such a flirt (;
wait jack
bummer :( speaking of next week, does monday work for you instead of Thursday?
Your attitude impacts everything. Be sure it's optimistic- see the best in yourself & others
Yes, I do believe 4 am is too early ...
Had a great weekend with big bro
Hitting the road back to New York. Thanks for another great year Lex. Looking forward to a few more
Funny story: So, I'm walking into Sephora, right? And my boob pops out...
Wish I knew a great coffee shop to recommend, but I'm eagerly awaiting the results of the hunt myself.
I'm doing a massive card dump and about to dig into Lightroom 3. Oh, and drinking some FTFW!
Honestly i think im a damn good of a friend...
haha just making sure ur all rite
another bad day. in for 3 entries to the 1k and busted pretty quickly after reg closed. prob play 1k tmrw then off to la for 2k main there
yes, #android as well as #apple uses #Carrier IQ, but apparently #windows phones aren't infected with the rootkit.
I keep reading 'Geeks' instead of 'Greeks'. Geeks to hold elections, Anxious Geeks withdraw cash, Geeks watch 'Big Bang Theory'....
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
have one at the Rose &Crown for me!
Hoping to find a small business that would like to lower costs enough to just do it...
“: #Browns Shurmur said of T. Richardson today: "Don't let the 5-9 fool you. He's powerful.''” yes sir!
you already will love me forever...
At Freret Street art market in uptown nola listening to some good tunes and supporting my local artist friend Colin Ferguson.
whoa! That's dangerous. D:
CLOSE YO LEGS & KEEP IT N YO PANTS IF U CANT HANDLE THE CONSEQUENCES THAT COMES WITH IT, ESPECIALLY IF U CANT AFFORD IT!
Rain and wind in the forecast! Stay posted on the status of Saturday's practice.
just working hard on my music and other stuff! I might be coming to la soon so we need to connect when I come.
He who forgets will be destined to remember
It needs to be 1030 already so ready to be off work
A busy day ahead in lovely #Singapore... land of perfect order!
Day off on your birthday. Must be nice.
Haven't even made it home yet.
may we suggest any bearded historical figure. Or maybe just a beard in general.
Now following you!
Kentucky basketball fans are annoying #GoDores!
RT : "We are living in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors & furniture polish is made from real lemons."
cool lemme know when, im gonna run a couple errands now
#so to all the serious artist that invest in self and know that promoting is just as important as creating their art.
It's March, #Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand #spa treatment mix olive oil & sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize
you're welcome!:)
With the innovation of your business needs at hand, Google Places is clearly where you need to put your business details.
RIP Willie D
they don't reach out but I did recently bc new outdoor & fragile art. But then I thought, maybe we could be talking more.
Muscles are quivering from my interval workout, couple minutes and its time to hit up core
Sounds good (:
thanks to you!
"Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other."~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
icing my eye
when will you be in NYC?
See? I couldn't even put the third period in that ellipsis! What the hell is that about, Twitter? Give us more to work with since this sucks
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. -Brian Tracy
Lol I told Marcos if I pass my final with an A I'll start believing in god.
i hate taking showers when im home alone. its scary
Thank you Travis!
Americans downsize to smaller SUVs - MarketWatch
love your show , keep up the good work
Going to be a late night #workout tonight....have to cheer on these soccer champs first!
Printing custom notecards and stickers today on Wisconsin-made, eco-friendly paper. Personalized materials give you a competitive edge.
Real niggaz is #silent. Y'all talk too much shit.
One day closer to the days of Lot (Lk.17). Will Jesus find faith expressed thru persistent cries for justice in the earth (Lk.18)?
Niall is missing in this drawing what happened?!
hope to see you there (:
Tweet: I disagree Tweet: fuck, you got me
LOL, with growth action Rt I want the action figure. RT : I'm liking that worm spit action
Mark.. From MMI called me yesterday and for you to call him back. I have the number if you need it.
UGH STOP MENTIONING IT. *CRIES* WHY WHY?!?! Seriously it's like no side quest or side character even mattered.
Very cool...well, Arkansas of course...no one can outdo us for tornadoes! It's one of the few things we're good at! : )
Photo shoot time with Tom Gormley! Going to be fun. Hope to share the new photos soon
lol im so jealous haha cuz i wanna meet like all of the ones in the pix haha
#RealTalk I'm so proud of you!
XclusivelyPaula closing at noon on Saturday May 5, 2012.
beast mode, activate! “: #RIP your mentions : I wish I had some penis in me.”
Was asked: How do you find work as a freelancer? I smiled and said: Exploring.
Love it! I'm sure she was a open mouth breath that liked to utter "I'm just saying" after every comment she had to say :D
Sorry - should have prefaced that with - Ladies and Gentlemen...your 2012 Digital Media Intern...
Fun Fact: On average a human being spends two weeks of their entire lives waiting for traffic lights to change.
me too!!! Except I don't want him to forget ://
Ask questions. I'll answer any.
Anyone else using clickers during Trustees meetings? Campus committee meetings? Can be effective conversation starter...
Moms golf free all day at Safari! Everyone retweet this to you pregnant high school friends.
how do I sync it to twitter ?
Lord you say u forgive for everything then Y do we still end up in hell when we die
Happy Holidays everyone! Why not give a great gift to your patients, customers, and practice? Upgrade to digital with DuoView or Endurance!
back at you!
I was just thinking that today!
Anthony Morrow +FourHundie...let's f#%%@%n GO!
Chief Curator, Alexandra Deutsch talks to re at 11
Our high school students in will be participating in 30 Hour Famine tonight and tomorrow.
awww yay bring samples too and sleep over at my apartment!!
shorty want a shot of me so she got to the sippin
Do you follow me on twitter?
wish I was in chinatown dc eating
Absolutely. Also, big love for Shadow of the Vampire. But I got a request for more classic horror & figured I'd start at the root.
Last night was legit
I got a good idea, lets never guard Steve Blake. Ever.
Tired never again ugh I cnt too get off. Mad its cold ass hell. Now I'mma b stuck with Shit do .... Ughh
“: But you went away. How dare you? I miss you..” I know boo. I'm sorry. I miss you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Why would I need to pay $3.50 for shipping on a digital download?
Happy Birthday, ! <=o=>
*sigh* My food has run out.. its either starving or shopping. :/
Things are great! Rainy...and hot, haha! Tomorrow is the 1st day of Fall (I am sure you will feel it!). Phone date soon?
Yup at the bottom :-) lol RT : it proves your basket travelled from far far away, lol! Is there any chocolate at least?
yea we got a crib and shit...this fuck nigga decided yesterday he was going to spain for the weekend
Still trying to pack.
it was fabulous
You always should have a plan or at least a outline on what you want to do with life
I meant that!! lol
to say that I'm going to milk this into eternity is an understatement
Let's go ny!
Someone to entertain me during school please.
like you really finna piss me off i know you see me fucking calling you
Two finals tomorrow and I still cannot sleep.
umm i just got my bangs cut and now i look really bad and my mom said that i looked bad before soo is that suppose to mean i look worse?
No more 30 Rock, Community, or Parks & Rec??? Please tell me someone at NBC thought he was playing Sim City by accident <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I bet the beach boys regret cutting a Charles Manson song
Trouble for the suits. RT": Men's Wearhouse store is posting "we stand with the 99%" signs announcing their closure tomorrow
passing the fucj out. goodnight
We’ll be at the Woodinville Craft Fair this weekend! Come on by and give us a holler!
and that's not counting anything newish that I found after "closing" the list 2 years ago. Burden of a bookworm, ha!
hm, my bad. They seemed positioned funny on ur lip, and too bright for that pic. But my bad, I'm sorry
When Pitbull was born, he said ''Gimme my glasses mami, DALE!''”
Helen Keller said: Only through experience of trial & suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved
ill give u a hint OMG on errthang!
The new servers are using Firefox 10 and Flash 11, which should be more compatible with more websites.
Faces in the crowd on a rainy Wednesday night...the real Packer Dave Robinson, college FB Hall of Famer, back to see "Coach" one more time
It's thirsty Thursday your state rep will host her townhall meeting Washington Lounge! First item on the agenda happyhour $$ -8pm!
haha I get my new fone after school tomorrow so I'll text u :)
No unfortunately.
Because Of You, Half The Time I Dont Even Know Im Smiling
Yes, thanks so much! I just accepted, but it'll be later before get around to actually updating my obsolete profile.
Thanks for fucking lying to me.... Again.... So beyond done
hi my name is mason & I order enough chicken biscuits for me & all my invisible friends lol
What is being done to "Build a Better #ROC" - tomorrow at 10 on Eyes On The Future.
Good luck! It it's not as bad as it sounds and only takes a few days of couch-time to recover
“: Tried voting like12 times for 't know what's going on!!”// you can only vote once...
Good morning guys!! Our brand new designs will be posted up TODAY!! Stay tuned...
I'm so happy you like it!! Thanks for RT & follow!
Omg you're annoying.
follow me :DD
Be Your Yourself. Its Counts. And You'll Be Very Happier Than You Think. Dont try to impress popular dudes cause its worthless.
Remember that game winning shot by Lamond Murray in Jersey in the last game of year to drop the Cavs down a spot? Good times...
Say round let me hit you right back Boosie trial start na yeah I pray he bounce back
FREE T SHIRT CONTEST. www.yeldahgoods.com/contests for more details.
Be guided by love vs. lust. Love is a fruit of the spirit and from it comes self-control. Operate in love, not lust.
haven't liked one yet. “: Are you guys feeling the medley numbers from the #Idol contestants?”
I miss the green collar haha!
The next thing to take into account is that your time is extremely limited. Have you used the target dialect before for work?
Well, Ben with horse could always turn into a UNC great for a while, a few times a year
RT : Main Street Recycled walking tour w/ Kathy Whittington of #RVA history and architecture! Repeats 7/29th!
Plzz Follow Me!
#RCTID From Sea to Shining Sea!
Laying in bed watching say yes to dress this show never gets old :D
It was a great session. held it back in the day in Bmore with the former Freep editor who runs it.
im not on Twitter for political kool aid.
"Wee" love hearing that!
right outside the restroom when I came out. In front of a mom pushing a stroller. Horrible.
So sorry!!!
Working on some SEO keywords, listening to Dave Rawlings Machine. Oh Dave, you make being immersed in Google Insights so much better.
wants some nutella
I was there for you when nobody fucking else was -___-
I agree. But hockey gets a bad reputation from people who complain about violence when they don't watch it.
Food banks cater to seniors&#39; needs
I am assembling an example mobile PLE for student nurses that includes free low cost apps, mobile web sites, etc..anyone have a suggestion?
Good News: FFTAMG Tickets For Yo Gotti On May 26th are Only $10.00, Special Runs Until Sunday. Get Em NOW..!!
Congratulations on a great show tonight! Dolly West's Kitchen a MUST SEE!!
7 new online #banking courses! IT Security for Banks, IT security primer & 5 Bank Specific #Compliance courses visit us
so am I and I agree!
RT : So excited to host 's Blogging Panel & Happy Hour! Join &...
Just came home - now going for the gym:) finally:)
why did u leave me wit the shonessssssss wtf !!!!
you missed a perfect weather weekend in NY!
Someone brought a tiny baby kitten into my store And let me hold her I about died! So fucking adorable.
So proud of you Dave!!! Great Job!!!
Everyone follow his tweets are swagged!!!
No problem; everything I say can be verified in history. That quote refers to the mature expression of a winner's heart!
Not going to lie, I'm loving University of WIsconsin's campus.
Time to get creative!
Definitely the most quantifiable results are sales that we bring in that began with organic traffic, says Mat
Thanks as ever Erica.
": #WeWontWork if you wont watch Disney movies with me."
Lazy. He's lazy is what it is.
hi! Miss ya! Drinks next week?! Sx
the robot will be used for surgery starting in November when inpatient services open at Swedish/Issaquah :)
no! no stopping the music!! hahaha
It would have to be recess of course.
lol well roll a doobie and we will ride around your hood a smoke
I've got 1 more open time slot for a photoshoot before I leave for tour. Let me know if you want it! www.chaseclymer.com
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
where'd you get that iPhone case bro?
Aside: my paper has your guy Dexter in it now, too. Surprising results.
Time to raise a glass to the memory of Chris Hondros and Tim Hetherington, two great war photographers killed today in Libya.
I've been wanting to podcast since forever. All I'm missing is a reason and any audience whatsoever.
you better see me
Schools out for summer
I will e out tomorrow with my new camera and will share!
Just ate a bowl of steamed veggies..I honestly wanna throw up
come get a smog check at your local test only station at Moreno Valley Test Only
Blog just launched yesterday...will be updated with a new blog at least weekly! www.kissandIM.com
ok ppl r hacking my fb and twitter
Also, told me about a tentative 2013 walkthrough that made me squeal out loud.
Soccer is the only thing I'm addicted to. I need to call the homies and get a kick-around started before gets dark
videos are awesome :))))
Love that saying about feet hitting the floor! TY!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being forced to wear a tight hat, cancer, poachers, ignorance, and spicy tuna
I am not multitasking well today.
Looking for ideas for Networking in Madison, WI for Infrastructure individuals; like Systems & Network Admins, Security, Desktop, etc. I wa…
Did 10 reps of 20 cruches today and 15 reps of 10 push-ups. I'm getting better at this and looking better.
you look pretty pn jay leno. luv your dress :)
Haha awesome! RT : awesome dining experience tonight!! Thank you. Full review coming tomorrow.food coma...
Angry Birds are now in Chrome. They are trying to destroy productivity as we know it.
that's how you know its good :)
Spending the day with my mommy. <U+2665>
My son did tell me Happy Mothers day, stopped yelling at me, took his pills, went to bed.
Someone text me and tell me about your day.
you were just on the daily show
Science was hard af
Thanks for the advice! I'm also trying to get the zone map data.
MARY and JOHANNA shot for PAUL MITCHELL!! #model<3
lol are they like blondes lol.
Great things happen when great minds plan...and include Italian waiters, pools, drinks and lottery winnings.
Females having wedgies in school <<<<
You playing at City Center? I need to sneak a camera in somehow
Breaking News! Danny Gans 911 tapes really not that interesting! Will television stations make a huge deal out of it? Find out at 4!
The RED light is on <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A1>
So now that I have an agent, can I finally know your secret identity?!? ;)
Loving our enemies is one of the best forms of missionary work. Every soul is precious in the sight of God.
RT if you love your Latins fans!<U+2665>
I love rim, but they just have to step up to the plate, one day I hear great things, the next I hear is out of business..
I made a facebook account.. Sent out some friend requests :)
everyone is getting all sappy on facebook and i can't. my emotions~
I NEED TACOS. I need them or I will explode.
Nice work!
yo you gotta get to Pittsburgh for #Cohesia Art/Fashion/Music..its in the works right now..im tryin to keep this movement in motion
#Brewers are a Johnny Cueto gem away from a nice 4 game winning streak. Going for the sweep and 4-2 home stand tomorrow.
this sub in eskra's is a bitch.
Thank you Natalie! <3
'98 was too late
our website is www.morenovalleytestonly.com
I still use a Tide pen. Is that weird?
Missing the babe :)
It's bullshit how do you let nick Barnett he's been doing it for ten years he a great player still bishop is good but damn I love nick
We need the #MeloDrama to be over. Denver is ready to move on.
New post: New Bracketron Mobile Dock-iT Universal Cup Holder Mount
This wind is horrible. My allergies are acting up & my head is hurting. The desert is a wicked place! Today was just insane! Gdn
thank u,i will need all the help i can get......lol
One cannot force oneself to enter "the zone". It just happens.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear , you tell me!
You're very welcome. Glad to help. I could forward you a couple other emails from the weekend as well.
This question bothers me as well, especially since when I poop my naster has to stop and clean it up and they just leave poops
Eating a lunchable.
1 - Language. Every language class a blow against English-language parochialism.
So this guy walks into a gay bar...Nevermind, you were probably there.
I need me a smart bitch, with dumb brain.
Critical : Got some expert dating advice from one of my favorite people tonight. Tip 1 Lower my standards
Last call for Indianapolis area restaurants who want free advertising...
Lost my phone and computer chargers today.....(sigh)
Haha yo DJ-ing while texting ??
Lots of fun at Mavs game; weirdly, surrounded by morbidly obese people.
this weather is
On the phone with twitter
a friend invited me and saw you in plancast... i'll be in sf mon-thurs. ping me, esp should you want a west coast scrabbling.
Tell Your Dad Happy Father's Day.!<3 For Making Such A Talented And Cute Boy Like You.!(; <3
It's hot out on location! Cool off at #BlueRock's #studio. ONLY $950/ 10hrs - ALL SUMMER!!!
Who wants some Ronald tonight?
I still have not been able to do the app!
i just finished a whole essay in less than an hour wut
I luv the part in the movies wen its all quiet or sad then sum1 has to cough or choke on some popcorn lol
what are u writing about
Angels fire hitting coach Mickey Hatcher and name Jim Eppard as the new hitting coach.
RT : RT : And the Broncos own the Titans in free agency again!
Hi Dawn, planning the shoots for my 2012 LookBook, hope your still interested in shooting
There's a reason I fly things get awful, their CS agents always have a way of making everything OK.
You deserve a knight in shining armor, a man of honor #betterthanme <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
don't be mean to me. I'm still in mourning.
What is the status on Gates, Floyd, and Wayne?
More broken hearted then before.
@ dalton, but again she blogged expert and vigorous
Keeping track of how many times I use the bathroom at work <<<<<.
I can't drink coffee period, I have high blood pressure but I need it.
why, dick?
I don't think I've read anything from Grantland since last August. Weird.
you probably now this but anything Galloway is usually great. how about 'To the Edge' by kirk johnson
Some women are so dedicated here, I'm fairly certain the pregnant ones will lay egg avis instead of giving birth.
It's the new smiley. As in: "Look at me! I added 'lol' at the end to prove how cute and funny I am! Being stupid is fun!"
I took a little vacation from Twitter. Don't worry, you'll be seeing more abrasive tweets from me. :)
I would love to see a Baltimore Oriole at my feeders. They're in Central Ohio, but maybe I'm too "in town" for them. :-)
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. – Maya Angelou
On my way to the chi
The man who twitted this is Mitt Romney's spokesman RT rachel maddow needs to take a breath and put on a necklace
The Best Family Photos last beyond lifetimes! Give mom a gift that keeps giving - 1 to 1 Photo Lessons = More Cherished Memories...
Thanks! Have you called mom about the holidays yet?
If you see any cute sandals in a size 7, let me know! ; )
It must be a nightmare for Viagra to do email campaigns...
Working up a new promo featuring = The CW20 News At 10 Rocks!
Well, that's ok! I love quantum theory.
Netflix has
Thanks for having me last night! And to everyone who came out. I had a lot of fun!
Ready for the #cisummit! Coffee and muffin in hand.
#OhioState and #OhioUniversity to announce new economic development partnership tomorrow. No doubt, it'll confuse #BradyHoke even more!
Egypt Turns to Sole Provider, Dial-Up for Internet Access
Its going to be a classic show FEB 19th in Miramar FL
3 of our trying out for worship team today
skirts made from taffeta
. The only path you stand ready to lead us down is the yellow brick road to taxcuts for the rich.
my brother doesn't even have a phone
is the best girlfriend out there. She has made a seemingly horrible experience easy. I love her and cant thank her enough
I #love a comeback :D
": I wanna go to the lake !!!!" And go fishing yes!
by the way love your background :)
Thanks for the follow! looking forward to great tweets.
I wanna Shut down the club wit U
Happy #September. We #love the fall
like Prince really cares
Thanks for the #FF props!
this announcer is terrible. That goal call was just bad. We couldn't find better? Give me instead please.
kisses for the follow!
I've felt differently since seeing Tupac's hologram perform.
Yard work for Condor
punk. I unfollowed kanye because of that. Don't blog on my timeline
Awww, yes! Play date soon :)
omfg this is hilarious! Oh she ratchet! Oh!
Nah, I'm heading up to Cracker Creek for some backwoods adventuring. Enjoy Weeki Wachee - net a mermaid while you're there!
Going on vacation see ya guys for 5 or 7 days
Glad you're enjoying out Pinterest! Just getting going but it's a lot of fun. :-) Hope you're enjoying the weekend.
whole wheat PBJ, an apple, yogurt and a granola bar.
Tonight at Joffrey! 8pm. Check out Matthew Berenbaum's choreography and benefit Japan!
Did you like Planet B-boy?
Good morning twitters :) Good day/night
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LITTLE BOTHER
Sick baby today. :(. While he naps, enjoying some time outside this morning, coloring with my daughter.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
- When you can ask for it. You're too old for it.
Have we created the fires that illuminate the world or burn it down?
No dogs, this queen bed is really only big enough for me. How to people do this regularly?
pretty cool to get a follow from you guys! <3
How long do you think it would take for you to do 100 burpees?
"He wears as mask, and his face grows to fit it." George Orwell
No-tie Friday! Yeah, #corporateamerica!
Which one??
We need football back, don't we? I bet frozen yogurt would make you feel better!
Who got FaceTime?
I can hear skype! :D
RT : Know of good deals in Louisville? // Hyatt Regency just started outdoor Friday happy hour. Deals on food and beer.
There should be a weekly review of old games that no one plays anymore called "Irrelevant Reviews." First one: Star Control II.
pretty funny the looks i get when talkin on my iphone thru my headphones
Give that bitch to bynum or kobe!
going to get a first script filmed this weekend--strange and exciting!
The F List is up and running!
I need a team behind me to push me. But before that I'm establish my name. :D
hard to explain in 140, twitter version: sports, athletes, social media, photos, videos, charities, training, etc. ha
leave the knicks alone - we have enough trouble as it is
I'd love to. Do you have any ideas?
“: Mudding with Michael #siblingbonding” This should be photographed.
Oakland penalty to Brian Baker, Delaware to the PP
I know I know lol I just live far away now so its harder but I will see you before I leave, promise
That's fantastic! You're the future of education. ;) RT #IAspireTo go to UVA and get my teaching degree(:
clearly she likes seeing your tweets so why not on tv. :/ people are so slow.
RT : Every successful person has started in the exact same place... the beginning.
how are you
I did! I actually bought the new one before I sold the old one.
Great analogy, credit unions are like a huge super computer, is we work together / collaborate, we can do so much more
Thanks! I will do
Great safety meeting at target
Fish line too long. Bye bye Florida film and friends. We're getting hot dogs outside at Chupacabra.
choking for littering a plastic bag out of a stretch Escalade will be the last image I think of when I die.
Coming up in just a few minutes, The Chaos Agent, by request! Thanks for listening and be sure to share our page with your friends!
Just did my taxes and realized I paid a higher rate than Mitt Romney and I'm $249,970,000 poorer than him. #AmericaF-kyeah!
Got Unfollowed today by someone saying I, and several others are "Distasteful" . So, WARNING to all my new followers, -I SAY FUCK A LOT- lol
Share your adventures with us tweeps!
Aloha Monday Flowers! We have January tropical specials waiting for you today. Call Puna Toll Free 1-866-982-8322
Black Friday Shopping? Gift Certificates, T-Shirts from the Steer In.
I'm jut realizing that it's great to have friends and family who know to cook and sew. Without them I'd be hungry and naked.
really interesting yet creepy tidbit re: color app & how it used a cell mic to detect location at
Please don't look any better than you already do :) it would be criminal
<U+2605> DO WORK
Survived the Great BBQ Sauce Spill Of 2011! 3-hr traffic jam on 5 South: friends were made, rules were broken, & we all learned about LIFE.
RT I'm at Buddy Holly: Listen to Me tribute concert in LA, so let's give away the CD! RT this by Friday Noon to win!
VMware also does not handle Full Screen properly. It use to do it right, but now it just fills the current screen.
Something ain't right
Good: rereading an old column. Bad: being reminded at the end of the column that you used to write 3 a week
No more teen mom with the first season. ?! That makes me so sad.
What? No way. And they obviously don't agree either… look at their recent acquisitions.
To watch the adventures of Pete & Pete season 1 or season 2?
PAKMAN'S "TWIT-QUOTE" FOR THE DAY: "Knowledge is nothing without execution!" -Heavy Hitters Magazine r/t
So, a lot of opponents to the EC say it reinforces a two party system.
GYHAB on OMG OMG happy as'f !!
Day 3 at - we've met some great folks already! Can't wait to see what the weekend brings us....
doubt it friend
Photography tweeps... Any suggestions on entry level DSLR's & places to buy!?
what happens at #alamw12 stays at #alamw12 ;)
Open the book on healthy eating and enjoy half off Chef-K's Preschool Fruit and Vegetable Book Bundle this week from the Savvy Source!...
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
“: First 11:11 wish of 2012<U+2728> hope it comes true <U+263A>” to wish that you were as cool as me? Haha
Watching flag football on NBC
I hate it here, I wanna die.
Guys! Follow our production company's twitter account, we'll be updating it with news, pictures, video, naked stuff, etc! -- RT!
#heartbroken <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> what were you doing Rangerrrsss
It is important to realize that in physics today, we have no knowledge what energy is. -Richard Feynman
agreed! i would add > how comm effort will be evaluated, which the report sadly shows rarely happens.
Where did the phrase legggo come from? It's dumb. Legos were a childhood Toy. Let's get real
you soo anti now!
What a game, what a win, what a series
People all over the world are possessed and obsessed with endless desires. These desires incessantly pressurise them to acquire and enjoy.
putrefaction is the corpse's being 'handy' to the worms Lauro
you spelled "Moore" wrong.
YES. The Royal Attache to Asses. All asses are to be examined by RG before I lay my royal hands on them.
Bring on the parade down broadway!!!
Open Mic Night tonight! See you at 10 p.m.!
I think it depends. On what kind of learning is happening, and for what purpose. Regardless, I'd want student input.
Thanks Egon. Glad you enjoyed it.
Fight fire with Squirtle.
Do you think good men are really clueless about how prevalent this sort of behavior is? That is as shocking. But.
haha! If you ask real engineers they will tell you io is expensive and you can gladly have it!
Do you bite your thumb at me sir?
I love you (: it's not Gunna be the same with out you :/
Wow lots of new followers . Awesome . Have a great day .
it's the day to day moments like which ought be celebrated and aspired to. That real life, just being present
We'll miss you.
the " I don't know part is key"
sorry for the late reply! Had a blast at #startupsuncensored! have a great holiday and let's connect in 2012!
Wowzers! This game is getting good!
faded as fuck.
I like what I'm seeing at the gas pumps over the last week! I celebrated with a drive to New Castle this morning!
You should sell your sales team - then send them out to sell. We hype what we believe in - talk your business up and walk the talk!
got the boys and things to do with them.
Birthday, baby's christening, kids in from out of town, family, friends
Ace Atkins has done a more than credible job of keeping Spenser alive. What a relief.
Hello to the weekend! What's everyone up to? How about some #FF? , , ,
Spring break visitors to Miami - plan to get a massage while you are here. Call Nelson at -- 305-335-3855 to schedule your massage!
you're right
Would have been 13 if you would have come up to Tarpon Springs..Hahaha
I was thinking the same thing last night. That would change everything!
For 1/1-3/17, BF had $108K raised; $110K in expenditures; $86K on hand. If those #s were like CD's I'd give BF better odds
Yeah it be ridin!
Attending Plum College Fair tonight followed by a drive to Lawrence County for the morning. Hope to see you there.
And another from my iPhone...
thanks amber for saying that
it certainly had its moments...though some of the mid-run filler eps (time travel, alt universe, goofy side stories) were painful.
#Brewers strand bases loaded in the 4th. Ouch!
Plz towhid dont mention him directly....EEeeeehhhhh....they carry dirty diseases.....u might get them
Ok just made this twitter so to like my 1 follower do you think you can give me a shoutout??:)
If you fall I'll be there -- sincerely , floor
Thanks for the offer - I may indeed run some thgts by you in the near future!
Time to rally Bulls fans. Stay with us or get out thr way, because we are still coming.
Indeed! :-) RT : thank you. Africa's' cinema is rising.
Again, I'm a food slut.
the popular suggestion of was just too many characters
Can I just say fuck?
submission deadline for this semester extended to sunday! #gwu DC OR NOTHING
Can't stop thinking about book "The Passage". Finished last night & and can't wait for 2012 & the sequel. Thx 4 your storytelling!
love you <3 lolz, I'm in school
good ! and i know i am (:
Two and a half men was on my t.v tonight! Ashton did great.
listening to #PROJECTYOLO MIX
hes gonna be scared of you!!!oh sandy
k, bear with me, tweeting all this is keeping me going. thanks all!
I feel like a bum I havent worked for the past three weeks
: Could you find one BIG ENOUGH ===> LOL- I'll have to wrap a bow around this PEREZ-ent
also staying home #friends ?
I think of Same sex marriage how I think about women's rights, I don't give a fuck.
Today in history: 1836--Alamo siege begins; 1945--U.S. flag raised on Iwo Jima; 1997--Scottish scientists announce Dolly the Sheep cloning.
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." --N. V. Peale
that is actually a great idea! its a great chance to get to know your fans better! follow me i <3 you!
FOLLOWED TEENSPEECH JUST NOW. PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE FOLLOW BACK! <3 IT'D BE MY DREAM!
Time to see Ponder!
10 followers & counting! Its been a very productive 2 days! Follow us to find out what we, and the architecture community, have been up to.
Looking forward to the Pacers vs. Purple Dinosaurs game tonight.
Had lunch w/u yesterday. Outrageously delicious! Truly!
Just barely! 'Glad to hear you liked it! #indystage “: I hope you got in. That's a fun show. I saw it on Sunday!”
In 45 minutes (6pm) at the Harn, Caroline Jones is speaking on Hans Haacke in the 60s. Origin of 'systems' theory?
Just got back from a meeting with a new producer my manager set me up with. This music is gonna make history! Got some awesome plans
Niko Niko's rocks! Now I want some!
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
oh my. I just got SO EXCITED to dance my ass off tonight
Justin And Beliebers Are Meant To Be Because we know him better that he knows himself.
some cultures emerge as others fade :)
ah man so you still have a lot of shit to see!! Man I need someone to talk to about this season finale yesterday! I cried :-(
RADIO COMMERCIALS! Buy one get one half off! Contact Jessica Kuryla our Production Director for more info!
If I were JAX I'd be all over TEBOW...he'd be home, have even more motivation, and it would simply sell more tickets.
: welcome to Austin! Hope I am fortunate enough to bump into you while you're here :-)
That image is wonderful. Looks like an extra from Field of Dreams.
LOVE Indiana!!! Great place :)
Former head of GSA just issued statement: "I personally apologize to the American people for the entire situation.
Seeing Daniela and that guy makes me so jealous. Oh my goodness I'm such a loser>.>
I would work in that office.
THEY DON'T NEED CARS THEY HAVE MONEY.
I'm still not done yet!
LOL I'm so honored to be your tweet. Too funny.
Lets see how good project x is
Just read that article this morning too. Very interesting idea, right? So many hoops to jump through for RWD, but worth it?
was just there and tried the feta chicken for the first time. AMAZING!
It seems that the fog from the lake has settled into people's minds...not good for productivty! Come back sun!!
It was a great group effort, and very much a learning experience about publishing collaborative media work like that.
Tonite's Tequila Tasting Experience is with long time bar manager, Joe Anthony Savala. Looking forward to a little Herencia!
Going to #louisiana for 6 months to work so wish me luck ppl #teamfollowback #teamtexans gonna take my Houston gear with me
I finished my first penpal letter... I'm a bit nervous and I might want you to read it before I send it.
This morning, grabbing a coffee with at Bakery Square.
creating a superhero called The Illuminator, whose sole job is to "make a spark inside people." #sometimesIlovemyjob ...
Technical issues at 10. We'll get it straight for 11.
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams
The Ohio State University
I wish I could make it, but I've got a presentation for my FINAL #distanceeducation class for #edtech! Holla~~
Raleigh, Kanawha, Wayne, Mingo, Nicholas, Mineral, Monongallia still up for consideration for SBA funding: RT
We do too! We're thinking a custom Spidey suit with a heart with 8 legs where the spider would go. ;)
Jets driving and receivers are open
Eating half a chicken is quite normal. Being you isn't.
so what you gonna do?
I'm single and ready to settle...
Prime outlets at lee:)
It feels like everything has changed between us.
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
from what I hear the College Republicans tried to set up a debate between two of the candidates and one turned it down.
Oh yeah we did.
People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person
Wow is so precious
it's also up to your own interpretation!!
Never been so hype in my life
the over under on me vomitting today is more a question of when.
..you never know whose in love with you!!
Exactly ;-) RT You realize if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
I <U+2764> a good recommendation.
Going back home to NOLA in August, have to visit more regularly. Too much fun.
Ugh, Chanyeol. Stop.
The place to be if you are into country dance - 21st Peach State Country Western Dance Fest. 3/17-21, Ravinia Crowne Plaza by Perimeter Mall
o yeah bears won football game 30 to 12.....yeah buddy
Blue Ivy is so cute. :') Aw
Reviewing the new cobra model notices.... puzzling why we have renotify students and other non-employees....
Any of you big fans of Google Reader? I can't do without it!
Countdown to May19th! SDCHC is making a difference in people's lives! #joinus!
And be sure to pick up a UK Hockey t shirt at the next home games!
call me when you get here
like to get get some help with my flash pro issues I have a project due in a week
I like that one too! Thanks husband! :)
#NP Anthony Green - Only Love (ft. Nate Ruess).
Coleman is the best looking of that bunch.
#TwitterConvos are #WHACK, we're lame.
Good-morning FashionHearts, We were made to be courageous. -PD
I need to get drunk & shake my ass with tomorrow <3
I love the smell of the track burning under the sun
I think june
I kne it.....i kne it....so my debit card was n da effin dryer....
What did you guys think of the event (The Mesa Annual Transfer Fair)? Rainy day in #SanDiego huh?
I hope 800 is lucky in some way!
Thanks man. We worked really hard on that page. Kudos to and !
Have I said yet today how grateful I am to ? our tiger girl, Lily Marie, is raring to go after 3 hr cleft palate surgery!
Dear birds, my mailbox is NOT a place you can build your nest!
Good Luck with moving today! The next chapter in life begins...although it is bittersweet. Enjoy the day w/friends & family
hell yeah I did
that video thing for coach or whatever.not sure what it's for:P
Growing Up Won't Bring Us Down!
Perhaps where you are but go out into the country, 1.5 hours to see the most beautiful place on earth
Good episode of Sherlock, even though the password was obvious ...
Team death match
Marlins game with <3
then you must not be a patriot
Like the needle in my vein, you're bringing me down
Just opened my gen 1 MacBook pro for the first time since September...I'll be updating software and installing fonts for hours
all is well! Peace!
Hey, ladies, ever notice how all the worst dudes are blessed with big dicks?
Test-driving the new dashboard. Pretty slick. The "engaged time" metrics are especially interesting.
See, I look at that and think, "only three years? that's not so bad!"
That DAnG moment when u find out he got a girl! ~DANNG!! <it is what it is>
BALL SO HARD
Great day so far, but I'm shooting for fantastic... #whoswithme???
I bob and weave em, hit em wit that Mayweather JAB.
Zebra? whoa.
He should be. Been great in every game against even tough opponents. Sagarin SOS #6! Even has a Heisman moment.
Not costs me to lose some followers? Whats up with you guys?
Please take a moment to thank your campus guidance counselor this week and help celebrate National School Counseling Week!
just saw your message. Yes -- call me!
Trials are intended to be learned from, and to make you stronger. Be encouraged in the Lord, and help to lift someone else up.
Taylor gang or get your secret twitter account exposed
Omg you can't do anything right no matter hard you try or follow directions you're always wrong.
Woke up at 7am this morning. Sleep schedule is still messed up. Hopefully I can get it back to normal soon. I hate waking up this early.
Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort. -Theodore Rosevelt
saw your friend Pierre at iron and wine....
Guy:Let me tell u a joke bout my dick. Nvm its too long:p Girl:Let me tell u a joke bout my vagina. Nvm you wont get it:) Like my humor? lol
<U+2191><U+2191>thnx for the follow!!
sure about that ? Now who's fronting ? I don't need it one bit .
it's a very similar flavor in terms of tartness!
The truck is serving on the #AmericanU Quad. Get some poutine, hot dogs, and whoopie pies before 2.
Norman Kleeblatt says museum art labels should be less scholarly, more conversational to get the info & issues out there to the visitor.
hey send da pass in my dm
My tweets are invisible -.- no one ever tweets back unless I'm fucking hating on Harry potter so they can hate back wtf -.-
Panic at the disco >>
act like a princess, look like barbie and smoke like marley
Had a few white girls...asses fat at shiiitt
Seriously, helicopters stopped being impressive 6 episodes into Ben Flanasjkdfjkbsdfgjkfd's season.
Indeed! is a Renaissance man, and one of the most accomplished people ever to graduate from my high school, IMO. :)
Which one?
hey Joe is there any Japanese Takeo's at UB, let me kno, here in america Takeo is a black name
Celebrating #EarthDay by helping to beautify Weeding, mulching and planting I go...
Now I Got A Headache From This Thinkin
agreed...sportsdome was pretty brilliant for being the first episode
Nah I wanna move 2 Cali:)
RT : Long after people forget what you said or did, they will remember how you made them feel. ~ Tim Sanders
That piece of bread was delicious
. Some best case brands, they tend to be the big boys, Coke, AMEX and a lot of distilled spirits do it well
Franklin Gothic will be the death of me!
Tomorrow: check out singer at The Reserve in Aloha, organist Wade Kirtley , or folk rock at the Rock Creek Tavern
no way! just have a guilt conscience :)
yes that is fine...
I've never had problems connecting to xbox live wirelessly but last night I got an mtu error! please help
Hi Blake, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how brands are perceived. Follow me 2 DM?
Who would hit up a Wal-Mart?? I mean, they roll back the prices!
I'M CRYING SO HARD RIGHT NOW! GOD HELP ME!
Go hang out with your friend upstairs. Hahahahah watching paranormal activity.
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old.
Would you like to be in my video for Austin Mahone? :)
Asia Report: The Intensity Increases Over China Pricing
We just found out how NOT gangster Kendrick Perkins is. Taking the backseat when your boy just got knocked in the head. Total Weak Sauce
Show some love on twitter with an early #FF & follow
If you gave me the chance, I'd show what real love can be. You just have to take that chance.
you're a dancer? rad! yes, do it!!! u have all my support! <3
Check out today’s Czar programs at theCityFM.com. All Podcast, All the time.
Don't we just love getting our hopes up for nothing?
Glad to see your doing it big! Been a long time since PI lol. Congrats on the success! You deserve it!! :)
Done :) That was easy!
Spa de da in Anderson will NEVER get my business. When it got to be 35 minutes past my appt. with no apologies I walked out.
Thanks for the info!!
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
meh I was really unimpressed with the city. But I had a really great time with all the lib folks there.
hey Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely day love you :*
y ...because of the name change
haha. Can't take credit for it. That's the Fansided mgmt team that was creative
Grab your bowl of Corn Flakes, pull up a chair. It's Sat. cartoon time. We've @ Hollywood Theatre for Live on KGW for Cartoon Mash-Up.
gotcha. Why isn't Ward as big of news?
Why don't leggings have pockets?!?
No problem!!:]
LMAO..You're crazy, David :)
everything is so much clearer now...
yes please!!
My brother just got his new touch and is now OBSESSED!!
just saved $1000
Happy #expectingmoms Day! Are you #preggers in DC, MD or VA? #BabyBashBling celebrates YOU today w/FREE tix to Spring Expo. Inquire within.
Loves "Shall We Dance" from the King and I. I remember dancing with my eldest sister, , to that song. :) *twirls
I look into the mirror and see a Grown ass man
the devotion?
Very smooth RG3
enjoying vacation.we gotta get out while im off
Where you at foo
“: This is the 36th home game of the Brewers season and only the 4th time they are wearing the all while uniforms.”
isn't it the media that really changes gas prices. Speculation. Start saying gas will be $1.50. please.
First Day at Clinics For , Not that bad.
damn, :( I'm finna cry smh lol I really wanted to be in battiste.
I hate to admit it, but Im a sucker for Romatic Comedies.
Hey, I've been rejected twice already and I know you're not even in Miami, but if you were, would you go to "fake prom" with me?
s'all good
Public safety had my swipe!!
Saltwater is my favorite, but there are days when I miss Lake Texoma...
Think you can help get us trending?
You're giving up on "pitch to contact?"
Studio tomorrow! Get ready ;)
Haunting....wow.
and partying with their "slightly" shorter mixed friend That's how we roll on
due date is fugging hilarious
Thanks to Superstar Ent & No limit Ent. good session last night!
why don't you set your alarm to take our your dog then?
#Educause10 #e10_fs20. Will slides from this session be posted? Where can we find more info about this concept?
due to the current weather condition, cuddle buddy applications will now be accepted.
Its probably worth noting that neither Tesla or Edison were 100% completely correct about AC vs. DC and only the fusion of the two worked.
no man is ever worth your tears, and the one that is, will never make you cry
u think im a b|tch cuz of what i say im jus being real in everyway i say what i wanna say and i mean what i say No one said u had to like me
Another enjoyable episode of on Only a matter of time before is a guest ...
so are you btw
Bahaha, and you call me fat?
i dont want no other woman in my bed longer than they need to be.
I saw The Descendants on Christmas Eve, wasn't a bad movie but didn't really inspire me with holiday cheer.
This guy! RT : How many of you alums are back in town this weekend to celebrate 120 years?
Dan Plesac on for Bosio, and he promptly gives up a lead-off homer to Mike Davis. A's pull to within one, 8-7.
put one in your purse for me.. Lol
awesome! can't wait for the goodness
Had a great day off with the best wife ever! We took the kids to the botanical gardens and had a blast!
how is the Rodents captain still in the game??? Real tough guy down 6-1
That awkward moment when you see you neighbor's 19 year old boyfriend playing with lightsabers... By himself
cuddling a pooky, viral kid.
Holy hangover, Batman..
I give up on the rest of this shit lol
were you on the flight from Seattle to Milwaukee yesterday that had to make emergency landing? I'd like to hear from you!
Graduation, where are you?
ok - I have my new favorite. too bad she's on Christina's team
omg thats a long time ago :o you must be really old XD
Four Tet at Doug Fir - awesome. Loved the opening act, too - Nathan Fake. Lovely walls of sweet sound from each gentleman.
okay i'll break it down
We sure do! :) RT : Amen! (: Thank you my friend. And btw... do you guys have shippment outside of the US?
haha you will trust me :) lol
Smoked all my money, but I got a lot of weed left.
Hilltopper Football Nation unite!!! State Level I playoff game v. Kenosha Bradford, Sat 6pm at Indian Trails Stadium in Kenosha
RT : What?! Get a video! RT : So the Saddledome has new beer taps that fill the cup from the bottom.
Let's start a flashmob: When the space shuttle returns, everyone dress up up in Ape outfits. RT RT :
in re Gore divorce: I think another woman tired of the bloviating and feeding the bottomless ego.
RT : Apparently Gallo just had a contact lens issue RT : what's the word on gallo?
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
I can legally sleep in and not go to school till 10:30 for the test of the week. (:
please follow me back i had to make a new twitter
If you put a try/catch around a loop and expect it to continue if there's an exception... you're gonna have a bad time
Besides Darius Miles, who else is conflicted that All star weekend coinciding with the oscars.
Happy Birthday! What does a girl who wants for nothing wish for on such occasions?
I don't really understand the cream puff though. Sure, they are a time-honored tradition. But they are also vastly overrated.
I vibe harder without headphones
PS- These shoes are so dang awsome!! Thanks
Our entire generation needs a Hogwarts letter right now.
Hm imma get off and....go finish watching what i can of my Soap opera :D <333
If you got a red envelope during a December visit, don't forget to bring it in sometime before Feb 28 to see what prize you won!
Keep hearing Man Down by That line, could have been somebody's son? Well, of course he was. Thats basic birds & bees honey...
Just got done doin some radio promo on WDSR 97.7 for the show on Sat at Altar S/O to Vinny for having us down & playin some songs on the air
Talk about wrong place, wrong time. I need to pick my restaurant choices better.
I do I do I do I do you know I do
Food network? Sounds like my kinda show
Yeah! What'd you have? RT : bomb pizza #shoutout to chris
Appreciate the updates, Maureen. It's hard to tell the players without a scorecard. Literally.
AND OUR WINNER IS CORRECT ANSWER - IS DANIEL CORMIER -- FOLLOW
how's are things budd
Investing n ure health should B priority! Folks kill me complaining how they look/feel, when given opportunity to change, they give excuses.
haha Awesome! Thank you!!
Hooray! RT : Thank SO MUCH for free gift from #TCEA2012! Just got it in the mail. Love it!!!
preciate it bro,, same to you
I WAS JUST LISTENING TO THAT. AHH<3
I've had problems with my #Harmony. doesn't support Lion (as of a month ago, at least) try a peecee?
I dont know how to pronounce MODA3.
1000 days now since the last US Budget thanks to Harry Reid, Dem Senate, and quiescence of Obama. Spending with no constraint.
This stomach flu has 2 hours left until my birthday... It's an unwritten rule that you must feel good on your birthday, right?!
Gas prices being what they are, the Barbie car felt irresponsible
Hilton Worldwide Luxury Brands Appoints Stuart Foster as Vice President of ...
Nothing could be more amazing than going homes to the ones you love.
Content Summit: Jesus Ugalde explaining the diff. between the Assembled and the written UBIs and the Plinean Core adoption...
Heard "Hey, Soul Sister while walking through my apartment lobby. This evening has begun ominously.
#Believe in yourself . #NeverSayNever #Someday your dreams will come true Happy Birthday I love you so much<U+2665>
Follow my hubby He has a new positioning tool developed by an OT for kids with CP! Website: www.assistive-resources.com
I got the women's restroom sign for you for $7.
Prepping a DJ set for a Love Boat themed Holiday Party tomorrow.
to quote :
Based God should be in that dancing weber grill commercial.
Stuff is still open, dude.
Miss you.
Question: Should I prepay for funeral services? Answer: Completely depends on financial situation, contact your lawyer for consultation.
is working hard on #SXSWi plans! Find the iTriage man in Austin for a chance to win a 2013 VIP SXSW experience!
“: You'll never amount to anything.”
If you haven<U+0092>t got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me.- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
“: Attention Miami Heat: When you flop and the refs don't call a foul, you look like a bitch.”
did not know about it! Sounds fabulous! It's been too long...I get back that week...I'm there! :) xo
what's your favorite Kanye West album?
Austin Mahone is a belieber boy. It's a fact. watch some video of him. There's some of Justin Bieber photos on his wall. He's not a wannabe.
Out of class early so happy now i just have to wait to go home...can't wait til I get my car, shit it's over then. lol
they're trying to teach you a lesson. Insert eyes rolling emoticon
What's worse - a country being led by a lying megalomaniac aspiring dictator or deluded people who love his every move?!?
In Camera => In secret or private session, not in public
Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative.
Uh, human beings personalize EVERYTHING. How is that narcissism, imbecile?
70s and sunny all week long. Time to plan a #Ziptrip to enjoy the lovely weather!
Going to summer school
Lyle Underkoffler is impressed with long tail of apps, 18-24 month life cycle and counting. NB he works for Disney ;-)
should be late in period. I know we are excited
Had great phone chat w for next column about when he was a stay-at-home dad and author.
Study for biology! :/
its in the middle of the pacific......
I love how the boys jump around in What Makes You Beautiful and One Thing. They're so cute.
Secret Service Scandal? Just another distraction. The Dem's record on joblessness, failed and costly economic programs is still at issue.
Traveling this holiday this weekend? Where are you going? We hope you enjoy the holiday and travel safe
We're looking for 2 #interns here at Flank! Must be interested in: social media, marketing & fashion blogging. Msg me if you're interested!
Great news! RT : Congratulations to for returning to the #Bills. Great guy for our team & the WNY community
Beautiful day in LA!! Heading out for a coffee then an appointment with Disney.
best friend ever, we've been apart for 2 mins and she has already text me saying 'i miss u' soo funny xx lol xx
I just started it. They have gotten exponentially better IMHO
Do you ever wonder what God is up to...I think it's pretty HUGE!
I have to create a new twitter account. My twitter was hacked and password was changed
muah! Thank you. I'm doing my part for international relations. :)
Need mommy advice! Son has Dr. appt today to get vaccinated for Kindergarten in the fall. What tips do you have for scary shots?????
Good night! (: Lol
Just awoke from one of those crazy dreams that signal, "you need to wake up" to crazy confirmation via
"I don't curse. I keep it PG-13 because that makes what I do more marketable." She smiled like she knew something I didn't.
Ok, Can't wait to see it!
That. Is. Hilarious. How did I miss it up to this point.
You done good!
We need that 'Ring Ring Ring" video ASAP...The streets love that song
check your DM for a coupon for a free slice of Mac n Cheese pizza.
RT : I really wanna do a song wit Beyonce!!!
I'm having a rough morning. The last HK cookie helped though.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. Eleanor Roosevelt
All we do is win haha #blueandyellow!! Go #Nuggets!!
Don’t let anyone’s ignorance, hate, drama, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
acini di peppe - Italian for "peppercorns," referring culinarily to tiny peppercorn-shaped PASTA.
For now, unfollowing some people. Cleaning up my timeline. Keep friends! Ppl that chat w/me. ;-)
Crap. I'm getting tired. Need more coffee. Or crack. Or both. Coffee Crack. 8 more hours to go!
RT : people bore me so easily so it's really difficult for me to stay interested in someone for long.
Im going insane
23andme just sent out their first whole exome sequencing results to customers.
Hey! Its our first official tweet! Looking for a dog walker or pet sitter? Check out our website www.lepooch.net!
Battle: Los Angelas is such a good movie. All the black people survived! I'm #shocked. Real talk.
He who has the fastest golf cart never has a bad lie - Mickey Mantle
when is black ops 2 coming out ???
Last agency side campaign I launched with #quantcast performed 3x better than 5 other ad networks. Their targeting works.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 1
Play time in the pool...now shower, movie, clean sheets, and a wonderful boyfriend!
#NSD !!! Eating subway(:
12 photos later ... "I regret asking about the red panda."
RT if you always loose your bobby pins
The price of success is much lower than the price of failure. - Zig Ziglar
Wow! Beautiful day! Worked out at Snap Fitness then walked to Subway in shorts and flip flops!
Hi Nicholas. I downloaded GIFTED HUNTER. Looking forward to reading it!
Wow! You are quite resilient...do you eat very healthy and exercise?
APD: 75-100 vehicles in ditch near Eagle River Loop Road. Stay off Glenn Hwy and off road in Rabbit Creek area
CJ Watson should have never passed that ball to Omer Asik...Sixers win
M, Kodak Portra...
I think it's safe to admit I'm slightly addicted to ! Not quite lunch yet but want a gentle touch and jerk chicken spring rolls.
I so agree with - Repeat a lie enough and it will become the truth... fact checking or not."Muddy the Waters" YES!
2 Lights, my favorite pop band. (OK, I've known em since they were babies, but still!) www.myspace.com/twolightsband
License plate in front of me: YPESTIS
On a scale of 1 to 80 billion, how excited are you to get your braces off? :)
LETTER TO YUPPIES: I don't like see "DOGS in strollers"...they wanna sniff a bush and a batty! AND NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER! WTH! lol!
Cant say that I tied.....Fuck dat bitch...cuz its obvious its Fuck Me........
Me and Sam Hewins are Wired from Energy Drinks!!!
Just tried leftover boneless wings wrapped in crescent rolls. Unbelievable!
I got stuck under my mom bed
Fuck the dancing with the stars judges.
Jay, I don't even understand what you are saying....he's threatening our freedom and liberty.
Good morning and Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there!
well u sure do say hell and mean things bout us
yea he didn't even know. I was like, hell yeah he will. You know he's on the thunder right? Lmao
why is the 4th line losing playing time in the third periods when the game is even or they lead?
Major Russell has a blended family of 8 children with his wife Lolita. He is a dedicated father.
That made me smile! We are looking forward to entertaining you in March!
was stareN so hard & I couldn't stop! lol..almost asked him what was it like acting w/ ..
This girl in front of me needs to SHUT UP!
Haven't been home in 4 months
Channel that Boredom Bro for Norfolk State and Make 'em Gator Bait..Lets do this Pat..Go Gators!!
Big Data is the new CRM.
but then i'd miss out on being able to just browse through all hte files and pick out ones i accidentally deleted
I love getting back to 1211 so I can use my Sonic Care tooth brush. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Making a promise to dust the dirt off My shoulder. Last day of May will make one year. Time to stop living in the past.
my hair is so curly right now that it just might be alive.
Sometimes I forget I weigh 250 lbs...this is not one of those times.
go tom hanks!
Already so we'll see ya next week RT : yes I did
There's always a light at the end of the tunnel.
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick
oh sweet :) but don't get too lost!
RT : When pandora's playin the best jams >>>>>>>
hi YA! Im coming Saturday btw.... and so is my beautiful gf
Thanks for the tweet re: the session. Participants were fantastic. Looking forward to continuing the conversation.
There a more followers than leaders naturally but theres no need to #bitemystyle !!!foreal!!!
Now THIS is progress: The Amish bakery is here and I did not buy a thing!
Do not take what is not yours whether from a person, a community, the wilderness or from a culture
If you have any questions for Habitat please send us an email to
I really don't wanna be at school right now.... I'd rather be at home crying to my pillow but not here....
QuickBooks 2007, 2008, 2009 users who process payroll should update payroll tax tables asap - visit blog.qbgal.com for link to updates.
Thank you for dining with us !
At the Univ of Texas recruiting teachers!
So tired. i think im gonna get fancy tonight just because
#Itscutewhen ur niece calls yu and says "please come to our house and bring us some chocolates! :-) :-)
If I had a cat I'd teach it to hunt mermaids, I've always wanted a mermaid friend. Thanks to Aquamarine
Wow, ! I love your innovative style of micro-managing through twitter! :)
it'll be my third year...a great conference. intimate and fun and the new format looks great for connecting.
Things that made me feel better: potting plants, really fly dude calling me sweetheart, best friend calling me a sophisticated single woman
Kept having dreams last night that my phone already had a crack in it. Yes, Virginia, I am that pathetic.
Back at work & real world after fantastic week in DC. Now have to find ways to justify the honors & awards from #PILGF. I only hope I can.
Whether you need to sell your vehicle for cash to pay bills, buy a #newvehicle, or just have some extra cash on hand, we can help.
Looking forward to seeing some of the work our graphic artist is doing. One of our clients is going to be very happy!
Another day with the crew <3
I love
The lingerie party at avalon is going down ....im looking fly and all the ladies will be looking fly
A great follow this Friday! also
#DFSTips: Establish regular, scheduled times to think more long term, creatively or strategically. | #PlanningAhead!
Outdoor sprinklers put in spring working order. Nice bike ride. It feels like spring.
Now hear this, my mother is now on twitter.
I think most people would be surprised at how far arrogance and narcissism can take you sometimes.
Our difficult times difines us!.
until next time . . .
I hope you see this......but your the reason i cry myself to sleep at night........i thought u should know how much u hurt me. Hope ur happy
Parking here is such a bitch
what does sneezing and your left arm have to do with each other!
Husband made plans to go to Disneyland with friends tonight but the season finale of Supernatural is on. NO! haha
twitter is my bestfriend. :)
"ART" Awesome Random Treasures
So I need to plan my road trip to the Alamo this summer! MEMBER?
Listening to NPR... & would be so proud of me... Lol
Hi, got me all set up on Twitter now!
that life should be celebrated.
I love with all my heart.
come meet me at tonight! 6pm, see you there! LADIES ONLY for this event.
Difficulties working the weekend out. Still heading to Ceraland though...just not to drive
Want to go to the Colts game on Thurs? I have two $80 tickets... Make me a deal!
Hey I have some kids who have lost parents and are in need of shoes so if you can help me get some 9-11.Thanks
#FF to all of my followers and you know who you are ;)
There's a bunch of weirdness going on right now....I think I like it! :)
I'm officially 10 now!Hehe,my birthday was friday.How old are you?
Wishing the 2011 LAC folks a happy packet stuffing party this week/end!
hey! me too! the interwebs are full of surprises!
Hannah accidentally used Grace's toothbrush this morning. Obviously that warranted a full blown temper tantrum all morning.
please follow me back thanks!
your background is so creepy. i love you.
Come fly with on twitter!!!
It feels like it took me 5 hours to clean my room
That's a walking argument for euthanasia (for them, not grandpa)
The beach for sure tonight, amazing weather in jersey!
- Kelly, I think it matters if the individual is selling something or needing that social aspect of their biz. Otherwise, no...
when obama goes to ireland hope he meets the guy who taught and i to make hot whiskeys. cloves=little babies.
I want a receipts bitch!
My husband just sent me a gcal invitation for a weekend getaway.
RT": Keep going. Keep believing that your past can be transformed, your regrets reframed and your dreams can come true."
*sigh* why are you doing this to me.? you're the one who didn't want to be with me..
If I was your boyfriend..<U+E111>
ALERT: Received a large number of fake LinkedIn connection invites today. They all claim to be a colleague at Interbrand. Malware? Virus…
twitter: context-free and loving it since 2006!
I have been doing hard core abs for 3 weeks now and I don't see much of a difference.
Thinking about starting a ministry to folks in recovery. Anybody interested in helping out?
I really hate when guys half hug. that's like shaking my hand.
Dammit! That is one flick I wanted to see and am in NY for work that day.
they just got shit on by a Mex team
I wonder if this doc appt will actually take place on time.
Watching Alien Resurrection
Omfg.hanging out with this one guy today.& he is legit the best hugger ever.omfg.but of course.my friend is gonna flirt with him.like always
I need a #PDR can you help me out?
puts the past behind her. She forgets the bad, but remembers where she came from and cherishes these moments in the industry. <U+2665>
Why are most movies that Jennifer lawrence is in rated R?
I have that happen all the time <3
We are putting all participants into a raffle, live via viedo on the 30th!
How many chocolate eggs can a 2 year old fit in her mouth?
#MyThoughtsAtSchool why this hoe does come everyday to just start problems!
Hi missed you on the last day of the lscon
Thank you! RT ": Anytime, I enjoy your twitter feed!"
you're very welcome ! Do you have a contract or any signings?
Good Times Cruise In Saturday 6/26 -- Classic Trophies is putting it on -- we're doing the registration right here w/lots of car-ish items!
i am officially upset
So instead of watching the new tintin movie I bought four tintin books, 18 to go
If you won the #FreeFuel5000 #contest, where would you go with the 5000 gallons of free fuel?
No word given. Don't want to speculate.
Hmm if I'm a girl what do I pick.. The nice guy with a bright future, or the bad ass douche that's going nowhere? It always ends the same
Welcome to Twitter Waikoloa Beach & Kings' Golf Course!!
Maybe once this marine layer burns off i'll be good to go..
It's getting closer-r-r.... coming soon Think, LOOFAH! " Mm-m-m past years of women's secrets from yesterdays natural skin softners tools
Thank you Annie :)
Missed you at the Premiere of GGD!! IT was great <3
#Diemonds is amazing. never fails to amaze me.
Do you have any questions that you want to ask these panelist??? Sent them here or add #digidoy to the end of your question! DMIS
Tonight on Mad Men: how inconvenient life was before cell phones
shouldve put an "!" at the end of that shit
Great job playing robotic surgeon today. Hope you enjoyed the to-go meal :)
There were more rolls on Inside the NBA on tonight than in the games after picks.
The Hunger Games didn't win favorite book. Children have no taste in good literature nowadays.
Sentence lost in park responds to:"He needed a word that rhymed with atrocious and halitosis wasn't something a chimneysweep would remember.
What does Obama "admitting he was wrong about the surge" have to do with Americans leading normal lives? Did I miss something?
Boise St and Georgia? Or LSU and Oregon? Decisions, Decisions.
I learned from you!!
studies say that people who drink 6-15 cups of coffee have a lower risk of dying.. but there are a shit load of bad things.
why even drink at all??
I love a monkey in a blanket
Was $30 million for the #Pacers the right thing for #Indianapolis to do? Call in and share your opinion: 317-736-0950
fingers crossed, I've heard it before.
If it rains this weekend at Coachella, we have a solution: add Nine Inch Nails, Mastodon, Iggy Pop & some punk bands to the lineup. Done!
Hey I'm jealous
It likely will be different. It's subjective, as defined by Brad Pitt in The Tree of Life. ( continued tomorrow)
i would but i think im heading to the game on lol, still cant feel my legs from last night
FINISH , my homework is a true hell , MY PARADISE GAGA AND MY PARADISE LITTLE MONSTERS I FINISH MY HOMEWORK OF GAGA IS A TRUE HEAVEN <U+2665><U+2665><U+266B><U+266B>
I wont let fear &paranoia, homophobia, racist &anti women agendas take over this country. We WILL re-elect Pres
A brisk morning run with , with a nice break at Crissy Field I just finished a 5.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Met #Broncos great Red Miller tonight, leaving a restaurant. He was friendly and engaging. A big moment for this D-town native.
Had my 1st standup class tonight. So much fun hearing other people's stories. Now I got a week to do my homework & write complaints.
I couldn't wait till Friday, I went ahead and followed all the others on the list.
Yea & the definition of timeless. 'Sweetest Taboo' still rings in my head from the 80s. 1st time I ever heard her.
Suddenly not concerned the commercials at all
oh I see my bad!! well I'm curious DM me lol RT : lmao but then one of my followers wont
In Music Meeting Karen Elson“The Ghost Who Walks” We like songs about ghosts! Beautiful song about brutal murder Creepy &I like it
I am on it. Reviews and ratings comin your way. This is 5 star stuff people. #Actingwithoutthedrama iTunes go listen!
A.Y.S. = A Youthful Soul, nonprofit organization based out of Miami, Florida. attempting to bring forth positive voices to our youth
the irony of not being able to use facebook connect to sign into facebook. c'mon it's funny
Nutella on strawberries = edible happiness
I just relized my parents werent home. And ive been home for half an hour
It's the big day. #LuckyFABB is finally here.
Good ass day so far
This Monday show world u support free information & lifelong learning. www.savethelibrary.org.
“Society has traditionally always tried to find scapegoats for its problems. Well, here I am."
Not gonna lie... I still hate 16th region refs... and most of the bad calls have gone against Mason.
Swiss Re Corporate Solutions, Milli Re A.M. Best Co. has assigned a financial strength rating of &lsquo;A+&rsquo; (Superior) and an issue
I double dog dare you!!
West LA...settling into a LA zip code just across your borders. Maintaining my Santa Monica street cred-news soon! Be excited.
Shoot I'm on already on strategy 2, objective 2.5 what u talkin bout! LOL
Thank you , all the panelists, presenters #BiblioTech12 for awesome conference
what should I eat at Cochon?
Congrats Barry. Where do you teach?
Well well well, Earth. I feel you.
15min to sleep before going to practice!!
Leyland could have left Fister in should have left Coke in this guy is terrible with his pitching decisions
I tweet what I want, if it's a problem, I wouldn't mind losing 1 follower.
Mandy it's ok you're missing people passing Lieto :(
Great pitch in #Dupont: Have you heard about Judgement Day? Want to help the homeless before then?
quit lids = no more doubles. lol :) kidding
RT : feels good to be on the winning team
ET's of the Alliance of Galactic Federations prevent large space objects (meteors, asteroids, & comets) from destroying Earth.
In the works of creating amazing choreography for an upcoming showcase. Don't miss Allegro's upcoming shows to find out.
How has Jesus opened up your eyes to His promises this week?
Luvin me some !!!
Can't wait for the weekend! Friday can't come and go fast enough. Anyone have fun plans?
So true, simple & too rarely said! re "The top priority for any #aid policy must be to end the need for aid" Mo Ibrahim
3 days until spring break. Oh baby.
here here! A 20k bag should not be gym specific.
the icing will
sure sounds like it.
GT's Alysha Rudnik homers in the bottom of the 1st for early 2-0 lead over #UVA.E. Cipolloni, S. Harris, Bowdren due up in 2nd.
Quit worrying about the next man pockets...
Of course, anytime. We'll be sure to keep you updated w/ any other events to come in the future. Have a great day!
butting in... Clover Club a must and kicked off the "new" bar revival if you will. Would also recommend Booker & Dax
Last Paris gig was in tiny cafe. It's been a long time since I've played a gig amp-less. Peacock's bass has a small sound. I was beating it.
tv/media
Wide awake. Scary nightmare :/
Yum! I'll be there! RT is opening this week! Starting this Thurs, April 26th, Cafe Bernardo on K will be open for lunch ...
I know! Deadlines and bills can only be put off for so long. Darn it.
thanks are you not coming out?
time line
yeah actually respond to fans!!
no way Cotto would win by decision. Doesn't matter how good he could have been.
RT : Happy Winter Solstice! Will you notice that today is the shortest day of the year?
Nothing says denied like being told no for a jumbotron marriage proposal. Poor Guy..
I'm with you in spirit!
i look at BABIP and OBP to date, and since it's still early in the year I like to use history to tell me a little more.
Jay-Z Mashups, Snoop&#39;s Smokable Songbook & More -- News Roundup
When I am older, I'm pretty sure it will be easy to take over the world with all my cats #foreveralone (:
That's worse than Timbit. RT : And she's so much luckier to be named Azauria... *snicker*
thanks bro we gotta kick it soon
MOOG headquarters=musicians playground
any advice for success in life !?
I miss when Cronenberg was weird :(
Might wanna specify Orlando area ; )
Drunk and eating Milano's! Where is in my life. She would appreciate this.
Hello monday i still dont like you but ill try and deal with you sincerely every who doesnt work or go to school weekends
lol it sounds good but ain't realistic
Monday... How was your weekend? We have some great early week specials you need check out. Stop in and say hi!
Don't forget to love yourself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
There are only 4 days left until the #TITANIC AT 100: MYTH AND MEMORY exhibition opens!
Hey Grant hope things are going well...just was talking about u today when I ran into Paul at Edward Jones
I'm not gonna fuck with a girl which is literally fucking with my nigga..
It doesn?t matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. Brian Tracy
At the dentist...am I the only one who loves getting my teeth cleaned??
KC, Wash, Pitt, Balt, Sea, Hou, NYM all have better records than RedSox & Yanks. And Teixeira off to another blisterin start
hail to the redskins.....
is 1 in the afternoon too soon for whiskey?
A good exercise for the heart is to bend down and help another up.
Cool. In talk for the next hour or two, but maybe we can touch bases after that and figure something out?
Happy Mothers Day ! <3
hit a parked car, because i got irritated with waiting on it to move.
for everything you have done for Austin<3
and I laerv u too
Psst. Justin. Let me be your girlfriend? ;)
thanks!! And I know, I know! :0
same spot
What the hell? There's Marucci's in different colors o:
And remember its just a race no worries
your day definitely beats mine. But guess who's got the elder wand.
Funny that also 1967 marks the beginning of harder-to-OCR typeface in Polk's directory.
SKC's Aurélien Collin is just a horrible, dirty player
At LA Fitness working out...
One love fest in west palm good look
Amazon Prime Instant Video is now available on PlayStation 3
Pie to the face - Randy Wolf ! 6 game lead for The Mötley Brew Crüe in the NL Central with a Cardinals' loss tonight.
Just got to #ows - this isn't hippies or kids - it's everyone. Lots of signs.
At last! My first Poindexter!
this "no more tears" shampoo sure isn't helping to treat my crippling depression
I would much rather be in bed right now. Ugh.
If the opposite of pro is con, is the opposite of progress, congress?
I get the sense that you're using me to get closer to , but I agree we should get together! April looks good.
preciate it family
next year when you do the live #oscars you need a guest #Boston speaker. can you get Ocho?
all the work you put in this year putting everything together working hard made you one of my favorite players
Thanks for all your help this week at couldn't have done it without you and other
#YESmaybe LoL RT : its KD's time, lake show in the way
lol ill text u
Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing. - Leo Buscaglia
Dear #Kentucky, blocking out is crucial to winning a championship.
thanks a lot!
Occupy protestors on the move at the Port of Portland. Police have made some arrests. Live coverage on Good Day Oregon.
Going to Cali can't wait.
Does your One Legged Sandpiper fly. I'm just wondering if I have to watch out for poop on my safari hat while gardening?
Thanks! We've got a family visit to Legoland planned. Would love a tour guide!
damn that was my jam..
Uhhheweee skip just went in on Lebron, he said he just ain't got that toughness or clutch in him, damn bron
Is it too early to start drinking? I am working a garage sale and the only thing available is
Hans Norden talks systems & strategies! Great information you won't learn in business school!
ohh so all bout pll then??
Certainly, I'm JP, helping with some marketing for this project! A #RoyRogers fan for a while now. Nice to meet you!
no we're not cuz he is not. One of the top 10 underrated players of our generation? Now we're talking.
Soo i guess no one else is gonna send in photos for the #OneDirectionVideo ?
What are some movies which you didn't think would be good but actually enjoyed? Two for me are 'Priest' and 'I, Robot'
aah, thank you
good luck!
Cookin' Tunes recital is (((TOMORROW))) @ 7pm at Grandma's Music on the West Side!
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
There was a mix up this evening. Apparently #SportingKC is playing in a tennis complex instead of a soccer stadium.
Being happy right now is cool, but being happy in the big picture is what counts.
Im in need of someone's help anyone wanna help me ???
lol can I not said hi to people . ._. he was like shocked .
Seeing Muhammad Ali walk out to the field for the 2012 MLB opening day
Who is sad the clone wars season is over?
look great love the dress
Thanks for the leads!
Got a draft of that logo for you. DM me your email and I'll send it along.
Subway coming to Rozzie Sq.?
Jonathan Quick and the 7 Best Players Left in the Stanley Cup Playoffs: Smith left the beaches of Tampa Bay this offseason for the de...
It's fantastic that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords film at the same time.
beautiful try from Freddy Braun!
"Where Did "Blacks" Go Wrong?"………
Anyone who knows me, knows that I'm extremely passionate about what I do. My heart and head is in the music. I care about great records.
hey! check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be on warped tour this summer @ the girlz garage tent! :)
Barely a blip, but SearchBox (Articles) will be down for maintenance for about an hour at 3 pm on Sat.
Thank you SO much for helping with my image/branding homework the other week in Studio City. So grateful! You rock!!! : )
amazing! they're my favorite thing ever! I need to come in and get them touched up this week tho.
tnks2the gr8 artists,venues&people who came 2c the shows!keep following4 new #Israeli #Jazz &4 a chance2choose next year's lineup
Alright you funny ass looking boy.
RIP Heavy D! One of my favorite hip-hop artists! Gone but not forgotten. The Overweight Lover is STILL in the house!
Leaving Toronto for Chicago. Thanks to and all the other organizers of #THATCamp GTA. Time to sign up for !
Was going to drive back to work from lunch with the windows down, but decided to roll them up instead.
Brian Williams on Letterman...priceless
Talk about a good night. Study abroad reunion, meeting Gaspard from Justice and dropping heat! Solo trip was definitely worth it
#PR is at the hub of everything Monster does - connects #socialmedia, #advertising &
oo, have fun ... on the run, I mean
8 Tacos Today! My Bodies Gunna Go Into Shock! Thanks hahahaha
SAVE WATER . DRINK BEER!
haha same! They were amazing!
I've GOT to see a professional about my fear of the dark smh
Well, we've laid to rest my time at the Silverlake Female Festival and I'm having post show blues - I had such an awesome experience!
lookin' smooth! I think I remember that shirt!
doing it at fit and fearless
Don't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get.
belated #ff for colleague He's finally bringing his smarts, passion and reportage to the Twitterverse.
Oh oh! Wait Wait! Reagan also funded drug cartels in Nicaragua.
Marketing Tip: Make sure your contact information is easy to find on your website
Residence Inn teams up with celebrity chef Brian Duffy www.youtube.com/residenceinn
The Pirates are in first place! The Pirates are in first place!...for a day at least.
Let's do some damage!
im in love with somebody!!!!:)
much much later, and and 36 hours since the last sleep, pazardzhik bulgaria.
yeah I know. Just can't let them get to you!
you guys are the best, great talking w/you irl 2night!
C'mon! Do we have to recycle this old story? MT CBS can't be too thrilled with lack of Hollywood star power among Tony noms
: Thank you for your presentation at the Home and Design Luxury Expo in DC! It was AMAZING!! So inspirational
Weather advisory for last two days of the shoot. Huddle with the director & AD- come sleet,wind,snow,hail,rain-we ain't stoppin or slowin!
i realized just now my dads thumb in the bottom left and then the guy completly derping in the back
at NNLL in the concession stand so like dairy isle at a baseball field minus alot of the ice cream lol
think i'm not socially awkward enough in person? well hear me be even more so but ON THE RADIO. 8:30 AM Saturday Light Brigade.
Josh Koscheck Lashes Out at MMA Media: Fan Reaction
RT : Be still and know.
Before you know it the drunk tweeting will take effect, bahaha.
I wanna see a British person say the word knickers around a group of black people and see what happens. :D
Hollllla night in with the cutest people I know
I just finished a 1.82 mi run with a time of 20:53 with Nike+ GPS.
We couldn't agree more! RT : Bach always lifts my spirits...one of my ORIGINAL music inspirations...
why do atlanta teams seem to get the cakewalks?
We contacted the owners of that location to be sure they reach out to you immediately.
hey! Yah. Back. In ny w Shanna for a bit. U be around sd on may 14? I wanna hang! Party party party.
Finally found the best library to work in and just to top it off it's beautiful #NYPL Rose Reading Room
UmeNow CEO Supports Anti-CISPA Security Experts
Just told that Megamillions hit $640million. His response, "I bet Hurley wins."
pussy slap vs killer fist. We saw who won.
Why cant u love me as much as i love you??
Íjole me quitaron mi sunflower seed butter. blah. pero they let me keep my hummus. #LAX en route to #aera2012 lezdothis!
So tired z.
Nearing the limit on data streaming and can't watch Mad Men at work any more. It was fun while it lasted....
Phone been on slient since last month. It feels hella good being antisocial @ times
Thanks, I think we're OK. Are you somewhere fun?
I already have.... Thanks thought!
that's good, i get to perform in this big dance music festival this summer im so excited yet nervous.
Kempner/LaPorte will be playing a 1 game series on Friday night at Alvin
ummkay lol I love how we're talking on tweeter about this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
oh.....I was about to get in on this idea.....
Thank you #PlanetBallroom for your generous donation to
that's kool..jus hit me
Royal Siam Natural Health and Beauty Products & Services | LinkedIn: View products made by Royal Siam Natural Health and Beauty and p...
Analyzing what you haven't got as well as what you have is a necessary ingredient of a career.
do you wanna talk??
I know, right ?!
okay, it seems pretty boring but I just keep playing it. You should get temple run and doodle jump
heard they might have beer there! Off again, eh?
I love watching Tony Allen play. Love those NBA players that are all about defense
Please let Brock Lesnar kill off like he did Hogan. That's a start. Haha
You picked a winner.
is that in your picture? Wish I was there!
I live downtown so I can always do early coffee! How early would you prefer?
That was my deep thought for the day. Enjoy.
my shyness has fucked up so many good opportunities to talk to someone
Oh Monday, you're two hours too early! Where's the coffee?
I get an airbag warning with my bag on the passenger seat because it apparently weighs the same as a baby and car-seat.
Hey hope you are having a great Holiday Break! Here's to a successful 2012!!!! So glad we met!
Men are not slaves of women we are just afraid to lose contact with the pussy lol
You look pretty normal for someone who's dead on the inside.
yeah I know, me too
good luck!! Try & keep it together
you know the 11:11 hoodie? is it good quality? and what colour do you have (:?
Even Mitterand was not of that 1905 party. It's become more Centrist party since 1958, I think.
“If you have a good date, it’s nice to text them afterward to say ‘thanks.’ But if they were totally lame, it’s fun to text ‘unsubscribe.’”
Wow, that's the thing about the D800.. you need killer glass to take full advantage of it's amazing sensor
Do you know the office of grants and contracts at Columbia?
i never ever thought i would see $AAPL pass $GOOG. wow.
Listening to rough mixes of the album right now!
family get-together <U+E056><U+E022>
Having a total #fail during Toastmasters Table Topics. Must get better at on the spot creativity for difficult questions!
FUCK YOU NORTH CAROLINA. I know for a fact. I'll never vacation to your STATE ever in my LIFE.
Butter's marketing dept needs to go on the offensive with a "I Can't Believe it's Not 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter'" campaign
going out tonight in my Dangerous!!!
I'd do whatever it takes to get you to follow me<3
I can't never call her without it being noisy af in the backround !
I think we'll have some surprising stuff to show you this weekend! Get excited!
That would be life-changing!!!
Okay I fixed it! I had styled the children in the <ul> instead of the <div> containing it...Not sure why it really matters?
In the Louisville, KY area? Want a chance to go on a paranormal investigation with us? Like our FB page (see profile)!
I feel like I've been in an insane asylum for 8 hours. SO glad to be home from work!
Attendees at Midwinter Meeting stay on the cutting edge
#FF super awesome people!
What I <U+2764> about fitness/ optimum health is that it's not just 4 the Pros. Anyone is capable of sculpting their very best & desired physique!
#ImThatPersonWho never gets a joke (unless you explain to my why it should be funny)
lmfao we was ballin today for a bit he lives at ross
Why milk chocolate? so the kids have some candy left at holidays after I eat the dark.
Thanks! I really enjoyed reading this post too...
Just ran up the escalator the wrong way.
Throw down cheese cake
Are you sure that's English?
Whenever I think of something funny, I can't help but wanna say "LOL Forever." Thx 2 for your never-ending source of sayings. :)
bad group, for sure
Nothing a lil Ativan cant tame! Travel safely. I was with David Gas yesterday! as long as theres No ice ur safe!
Ready for today? We have: Undergrad Reading, Faculty Reading, Story Workshop Celebration, & panel on Females in Fiction!...
Need studio time? Or how Bout a free hour demo session? Hit up & follow for special offers
OT Andrus Peat picks Stanford
I'm sick of this triple avi mess..I'm bout to give y'all 3 ball shots
G’morning! Here we go! Force Factor Body Rush, Reg. 67.99, On Sale today! Only 33.99. Great pre-workout boost!
22 MILLION FOR JUSTIN!
It's funny how people have, like, different opinions on things, and stuff.
How was everyones christmas?!?!?!?!
Does being an employer of choice really matter?
Tonight! Don't miss the DC Science Cafe's "Quantum Mechanics: Embrace the Weirdness." 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. @ Busboys & Poets, 5th & K NW in DC.
Dex: Fake friends would ask you if you were ok if you fell. Real friends would trip you again. Me: 0_o
Yaaayyy!!! PREDS win the series! Catfish on the ice & all! Pens have another win too: we live in HOPE! #TheFlower was in full bloom tonite!!
I only assume when things looks obvious.
I would ask Martin Luther King
The Nothing But Show #32 - The guys and gal from The Last Podcaster Standing, and the music of Kyle Hunt and the King Gypsy
You know where to send the pics to in that case.. ;O)
And the search for the best noodles in Chicago will continue on Sunday.
Tomorrow we'll be easier to get to! We are giving away cupcakes , make sure you stop by the family stage & pick one up FREE :-)
*shots fired*
DOING MY OWN THING
what might have been lost
RT : I can never show enough love/appreciation for all the DJs that follow me. Have a great set tonight!!!
jet ski'n with the ill'est of visions... sean kingston EAT MY DUST!
Playing Carey lake tonight. They requested an 8:30 start and country tunes. I'm thinking 9:00 and rock n roll
live stream of men's game not working; women's was fine--having issues?
#imagine Austin:It hurts me when other guys flirt with u.Yur so beautiful,you can get any guy.Please dont leave me for anyone.You:i promise
Unexpected break in the middle of a meeting. It's like half-time.
:* what time is it there?
- Ubet! Good luck
just sent you a list of recs...and now I want to go back! I miss it! :)
Dear lord, thank you for allowing the Royals to win. Amen.
#SaySomethin is flawless I love it..no know I can't #SaySomethin ;)<3
Ok I got over it.
ok just trying to figure out if im going to pedicab or not ill keep u posted, should know soon
Aye Watch Yo Mouth...Im The Only One Who Can Call Him That Lol
I wonder if energy consumption in the country is higher in the morning when everyone flips on their coffee maker?
have to re learn Beaser Gtr Concerto Buffalo Phil Jo Ann Falletta !! June 10 This piece scares even me!
Oklahoma always. Thanks, man.
Oh darling, I wish you were here.
Keep It 100
yup yup! I remember that Soho Rep date!
Guess it seems like there should be a better format. Maybe review instead of recap, as the blow-by-blow aspect seems pointless.
good questions and comments tonight...it's past my bedtime!
funny how we've gone from "yes, I can take a laptop!" to "ugh, do I have to lug a laptop!" :)
Call Motivos to save your spot on the bus! Youth can come with us to WCU's 20th Annual Latino Leadership conference 4/28.
You at work ?
Fishy idea for a hungry Earth - The Canberra Times
Learned last night that I'm able to follow an old man pulling down his pants and rapping, I'd just prefer not to.
Life goes on, Days get brighter ~
Same reason I grew the beard, intimidates the SHIT out of the hitter.
twitching. time to go yet?
You gonna fly with me (:
All these shoutouts and no one follows me -_- :(
noone's gonna be ready for my big news!!
Follow back me is a Sexy account related to Watch porn ;)
Imma just ignore
I was like "damn is that what i sound like" lol.
I don't even really remember last night.
homework dont care for it much they be no such thing as hw
Thank goodness the #Steelers are playing the #Chiefs tonight. This is awful.
I just took a brief sample...6 of the first 10 items in my feed are about Mad Men. Hey, Internet, ever heard of Tivo??
Bueller on the Big Screen!
God of Fire cigar sale all day at our Washington, DC store + meet Keith Park, owner of God of Fire cigars, tonight from 4pm-8pm
Lee's sword and uniform again on the move to Appomattox, objects to be included in new Civil War Museum near battle field, part of
have used Camtasia and SnagIt - haven't heard of Jing- u like it? Is it free?
looking forward to seeing everyone
Happy to share with you on twitter. Thanks for the follow!
must be a good weekend for you #texans #cougs #niners #collegegameday next week #tigers #heard you saved money on car ins
What you do when people sing happy birthday to you: Sit there like a dumbfuck trying to figure out what to do.
weird. It isn't on my phone
the middle child
Drama damn it!!
Pope Clement VI was the first to baptise coffee & make it a true Christian beverage.
Why is my retweets goin to my mentions??? Plume fuckin up
Music is love in search of a word. -Sidney Lanier
One more follower and we'll be at 1,700.... Be the one..
No mentions whatsoever. Awesome. :/
that song was a Fave of mine from my childhood! Loved the halftime show!
Having an early lunch with !
Good to see Chipotle adding healthy options like brown rice to their menu:).
Still resonates to this day. RT : "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
Forever young
when you have it?
my brother knows all the lyrics to hero by and sings along!! He says its my fault cause i got it stuck in his head
Agree. But I think citing lack of 'execution' is usually coach speak for putting blame on players. It never occurs that the..
Oh tom cruise! <U+263A>
Yeah they play bridge with Jack and Diane.
cool facebook doesn't wanna know that.
I got this Broncos Nation. Don't worry!
everyone is beautiful. don't listen to society because society is SHIT. all of it. that's why no one has self-esteem these days.
Were you tweeting while you did it too? that's impressive ha RT: Just wrecked my car trying to take a picture of the Blue Angels...
u got OKC winning it all?
According to a study done at Harvard between angry jocks and chemistry geeks, whoop-ass has the same half-life as spam.
that was a good jolt
Working on a slideshow for Friday ... the "15 MLB Players You Can Realistically Trade For Right Now" ...
puppy bowl is the only tv event that makes me wish I had cable.
USA-Brazil got what, a 2.6 overnight? Hard to believe USA-Japan will more than double that. But I could be very wrong
I is gonna be up in da Delta dis weekend! Who gonna hang wit me?!
off to lunch (:
I wish they made drive-thru ice creameries. I would be their best customer.
WifeSwap is hilarious.
no.. We have to watch cupcake stuff first! Argh!!!
Just received thee BEST advice! Time to rest my eyes.
Kernel Panic! Help me Roy!
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
If $25 MM of Koch money moved Walker down 4 points, think of what $100 will do.
“: “: We are living out Orwell's Animal Farm. The pigs are in charge”.”.
Ah ha! excellent idea. I'll try to stream while at my desk. Have fun tomorrow!
Watching Bloomberg #econdebate This looks like a debate to me.
yay! Dont worry it's hardly even cold here.
Zero inbox. Whew!
It's time to admit that Monopoly doesn't work any more, and we must replace it with a system of Scrabble.
We've got a southern feast and some Tennessee Williams movie-watching planned for Labor Day. How about you?
can i get one
<333333333333333 the happiest day of our life. That will be the ONE DAY of your whole life, you spring out of bed
hi troy
Welcome! Thank you for keeping this wonderful #literacy celebration week going!
Getting brain wit my seat back, sipping Ace til my wig crack, cooling out wit my niggas G, BornFly I rep that...
Cool Google stats: 7% of global searches coming from mobile, 80-90% from "high-end devices" like iPhone and BB
iCloud - Everything I can do now but in one place and simpler.
I believe everyone should get affluent and well-known and do all that they ever dreamed of so they may see that it's not the answer.
Writing science carefully, dangling participles must not appear
I'm hungryy
At a photo shoot where I'm being paid by the hour...they aren't being efficient & are having me sit around a lot. I'm good with that. :)
im sendin it right now.
Yay Paranormal Challenge is starting! Been waiting all week for this! This is my new fave show besides Ghost Adventures!
MatchRate PLUS - Merchant Testimonials
Staying home sick. lol so fun I know
He is now tied with pujols in homeruns.. He's a power hitter obviously..
that tweet is why i think that it could be oprah. she prob never had to tweet before she fired all her marketing ppl.
China fuels record profits at German luxury carmakers
Aw, we love you to<3
Perfect! Much appreciated.
What was your favorite part of the AMC's tonight?!
said he had problems too. Seems to be working now though.
If you were surrounded by 3,587 bees and wasps, you would want to hit them with a golf club too! XD
I <3 label makers!
what drew fell off the stage how
Travel agents remain vital source for cruise sales: Both companies say proximity to the world's two busiest cruise ports — PortMiami ...
I want to find someone who enjoys my awkwardness, loves me even when I'm mean, and laughs at my jokes even when they're not funny.. :|
thank you Philadelphia! had a great time at the craft bazaar. thanks to everyone who stopped by the booth and bought shirts!
Danica Patrick to be sponsored by Coke Zero. Nice of Vegas to help gamblers by putting her chances of winning right on the car.
Wow cool!
I need to lay off the sweets…:/
going to Jason Davis' bday with the source of frustration of celeb rehab!finally a convo!
Happy Birthday!
um yea
good...im tired all the time now but its good
And I was able to change my bracket b/c Melo's ineligible- glad my $7 still has a chance but this is disappointing for the 'Cuse program.
every comedy movie in the world
in mississippi
Acting like I don't need a liver
Ending a long work week with an infrared saunaaaaahhhhh at my #acupuncture office. Amazing how peaceful it is here-in downtown NYC.
Lets have sum fun in the sun witta a gun an a dum dum ta shoot then i take all the loot while im eatin sum fruit cause i think that im cute
we love hooters but which hooters do we love
GoodMorning Twitter Got A English Final Exam Essay @ 9:45 So I'm Bout 2 Smash Some Breakfast
"In My Veins" by Andrew Belle. Words cannot describe.
#FF #learning #leaders #lifting others
the answer is 2 over 36 b.
Good Morning! Have a great day!(:
thank you for your comment. any problems in the future text me while riding. Cab color, name or number.
Ar you following ? It's the voyage of theTitantic in real time. Fascinating.
musiciantalk thought #7-artists can be unbalanced-stay up late-listen to music loud-be low on cash & over-commit to too many projects/people
send an email to rehan asking for one and well see what we can do thanks
Heckle a comic and get tazed!!! Hahaha. I love working at the
RT RT : Breaking #LAKings news...Jonathan Bernier signed to a two-year contract extension. More details to come.
Just finished the soccer game at Iberia in Down Neck with my FIL and wife . . . Corona Fina 3 qt bottles for $15 WOOOOHOOOOOOOOO
Just had a massage on the beach -- so relaxing
monthly reminder re your music
<3 text me. got plans tomorrow?
interesting... weird
Naked Harry
Tell your girlfriend to avoid Mockingjay like it's the Capital.
Come on Noles
i lost 2 followers! )':
congrats hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>! Always so darn proud of you!
Looking for the video of that Noah slam if anyone finds it.
Miss you too!!! They finally found out what was wrong with me, but i have lots to tell you too, nd cant wait to hear #Goodnews?
To spin clockwise or counter-clockwise, that is the question.
light work , slight work .
thanks bro
Character is a victory, not a gift.
Steve loves his fans. "Hello" backatcha!
RT : If Phil Jackson ever had the chance to become Knicks coach he should demand that MSG rebuild the "Willis Reed" tunnel.
Lop victor cruuuuzzz
I'm so tired :/
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute.
Note to self. Don't eat at night unless ya want to wake up overnight feeling like shit.
Bagels for breakfast then off a rehearsal :D Kyra
thanks for the love!
Job+Downpayment= Car!
..In the world?! Considering you've been around the world I'll take your word for it :) Cant wait to ck it out some time.
Q. What's the difference between a whore and a bitch? A. Whore's fuck everyone at the party, Bitches fuck everyone at the party except you.
BOW WOW.
too bad you put that..
sweet babe :*
Nice game Hawkeyes
Thanks for the add everone
Midnight stomach pains = the worst pain ever
I'm going to listen to the archive they send though. Which is also more convenient
you think you know, but you have no idea
Everyone be careful out there today!
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you.
I just RSVP'd for the event on December 9, 2010. Wanna come? Check it out at www.ChicagoISC.com See you there!
you need ur own planet ;) how's it goin
At Roy's Natural Market in Dallas this Friday Noon to 3pm handing out free cookie samples! Come by and say Hi! 6025 Royal Ln. Dallas TX
A logo, business card and stationery are not your brand -- YOU are.
shatup go tend some goals
I wrote my bio, then realized 99% of my tweets were sure to be about TV so I'd better cover my ass w/ a pop culture reference
TWO DAYS away ==> fundraisers on May 3rd at 5:00pm! Check the next group of #startups present to a panel of #angels!
Marry The Night is so fucking amazing chopped
Had a great day at school ^.^
Austin, you'd pro ably get followers if you'd follow them backk(: just an ideaa.
Latinos in Social Media (LATISM) Takes Over Times Square on Friday, October 28 with a Digital Billboard on the World-Famous Reuters Sign..
Have fun!
Follow a celeb on Twitter? don't be offended if they express opinions u don't agree with They aren't mindless robots. Except for Bender.
Not today, but we'd like to look into supporting ACH as a future project.
": Looooool Someone running around with a knife stabbing protester's drums. Haaaaaahaha" 99% Chicago where are you?
Very slowly-moving thunder is rolling across Bay Area skies. Love it.
Q. How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex? A. Call her and tell her.
I'm gonna try. That's when I'm looking to make my press box debut of you will
Merry Non-Specific Holiday! Check out the show on right now and watch Kelly Clarkson and Demi Lovato KILL it on stage!...
I will be teaching at 6 o'clock this evening at Kashi Atlanta. Bring it! <3
when is going to do a song.
Dude, it's mos def a library All the adults dressed like the kids from my Kindergarten class. So many Lethal weapon mullets
nice! :) i have my 2nd interview at American Apparel at moa tomorrow :) we could be work neighbors!
fun & oh so interesting! Must do again v. soon.... Feel btr!
I wish I could of spent the whole day with him.. But he has a job now, have to get used to it -_-
Getting ready for the segment on the Missing Rockwells on Host looking dapper tonight Luv the tie ^TR
How bizarre that his 1st thought is to tweet this drama. If real, I do feel for his kids. Kids always get caught in middle.Sad.
um let's talk tomorrow ;)
jeff i like your coverage, will miss it when Sun tries to ateal $100 a year for it
I have enough to get it fixed, but if I save a little more, I can get a brand new one with a webcam :)
Great pic! Kelly and Lauren had a blast! Glad u enjoyed the show!
Who is bagging the Meek Mill?
RT : Show your school colors to our final artist. Wiz Khalifa.
Not even Halloween and I've spotted roughly six Waldos. Guys! You're too easy to find.
oh god I can't even watch it
my boys holding down the court while i'm in the DL!
I'm pretty sure we all hate directionators in our school who pronounce Louis' name as "Lewis."
It's all about execution and team defense when 9.3 secs remain and playoff elimination on the line.
Once my everything; now my enemy.
Good morning, alumni! Do you have any plans to celebrate May Day tomorrow?
love you to:)
i saw bad teacher it was awesome!!
I love Xmas time and I'm hosting the family party this year. Now I just have to worry about gifts and food.
Tonight turned out to be a bust!
You win #lazytwitter this week
Andy Richter at Royce Hall reading Borges!
Saw on my walk home from practice
Im the oldest child and grandson..Im use to passing down my 2nds and not sharing or taking someone else's pass down. I get the 1st and best.
True Love dont always manifest itself with expense jewelry or fine clothes. It could be the simple hand written letter stating "I Love U."
Pussy whipped lmfao
"New Twitter" displays names differently. Did you know you CAN change your name & user name without losing followers? Not case sensitive.
SB107 Reality: What do you think this means? "Security deposit may vary depanding upon application." Depends on what Forward Management?
Dudes are acting like Mitch Bades, until your girl gets kidnapped & held for ransom.
If you had to select only one book to read for the rest of your life, which book would it be?
Melanie Hurley, USA? My internet connection is way to slow!
life's good, how about yours?
aww poor baby...I hope my nephew feels better soon!
When used correctly, handouts can be ally in transferring message from idea into action. ~ Bob Pike
yo order up a #Buffett ticket in AC August 4th
come to Minnesota. Please.<3
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.'
New dessert in the works . . . house-made vanilla bean ice cream, truffle caviar, olive oil & rose salt . . . simple & unbelievable!
Getting ready for Club Play...
Just saw the funniest shit lol ..!!
At Target Field? Hoping to catch a game there sometime this year or next.
Clear Capital: Stable Home Prices in 2012, Modest Increases Forecasted for End of Year
I love food
so what are they gonna do? Hit her? Ha then how much of a good person would they look? None at all
Never think you've seen the last of anything. - E. Welty
haha we'll see how THEY like it...damn gay appointment ruiners...
great job tonight! so proud of you. missin you already <3 we needa chill? movies? dm me...
can i just die right now because school starts tmrw. ugh.
Revenge is such a good show! So intense.
The only thing I might love more than watching my dog sleep is watching my dog watch tv. Just sniffed behind the screen looking for a bear
mr. b (colleen's dad) just said "cus i'm so attractive i'd get swarmed" when asked why he was in long sleeves.
which gets me to thinking!!, how can a person NOT have their cake and eat it too? It's cake! What else is it for!!? lol
will dominate the construction of this BBQ grill and smoker. with MHL.
um 2 for 1!! Like the game needs to be on for that
#radioonedirection I was interviewed at the singing at J&R and heard myself in the interview. Thank you, so much.
o.m.g I want to go!!!! I can't.even though I live in the same freaking state it's in...OMG!
No! No commercial go back to punk'd!
turf burn fucking sucks.
free candy!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer
I think Joan has Megan's number for sure
can you email me your contact info?
You have 69 tweets
UR SO RIGHT
It looks fabulous! Good job.
Working on the i3 Grant tonight watching the game. Thinking that connecting with the would make for a good partnership?
Tarpon Trivia Tuesday ~ For those of you have have visited Tarpon Springs, which is your favorite place to stay?
That mini heart attack you get when you miss a step on the stairs. ! ~.~
Dinner was yummy!
not always true i hang arond niggas to get notice
It is time to bring your hopes and dreams to LIFE! Call out your Greatness <3 G
There's definitely some parallels, particularly with regards to the show being about process rather than resolution.
Lol i thought i did by putting 2 words everytime he write a paragraph ! he keeps talking abt himself! ugh
where are y'all able to buy one? I though it was still sold out..
not much is it goog
WONDER WOMAN, SUPERGIRL, BATGIRL, ALL IN THE HOUSE AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT! COME EARLY BC IT'S GONNA BE CRAZY! PEACH CIROC TONIGHT BABY!
By the way, the 30% off coupon (UPANDRUNNING) is good thru Mar 31
I'm So Well-Rounded In Da Game.. I Should Win MVP!!
we make ur life amazing !!!
How nice the dude just paid for our breakfast must be my sisters hair cut
My bro Already know Melo lazy ass gone be #RingLess forever lol
Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live
the truth hurts but the people that need to hurt are deaf to fairness and eyes wide open to abject greed
We are currently looking for a PHOTOGRAPHER to join the BlueMonster! staff. Message us for information.
Yes, iPhoto on iOS is everything it's cracked up to be.
...perfect. I always prefer a man who never forgets the lube. ...And a self-starter. Points earned.
Doing Cynthia's iPhone case with Swarovski crystals !
no ireland
got pro tools crackin on the new laptop so I'm good to go
everyone should read this man's book! :) he is a Denmon after all!
“You can judge your age by the amount of painyou feel when you come in contact with a new idea.”– Pearl Buck
Humor can see you through life..=)
I love my Jäger boy more than anything, but right now he is being a pain in my ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
You ladies cleaned up tonight! Congrats! :)
i think having your hair a little shorter would accentuate it better....
Has anyone heard anything about that little lad who fell in the river?
Not a clue where my address book went so I can address my Christmas cards.
is moving to miami ....WHAT THAT MEANS HE NEEDS TO COME TO TAMPA TO SEE ME AGAIN.
It's too early in the morning to compare anything to Neil Diamond. Now, Neil Degrasse Tyson, that's another story
"There is always something new out of Africa" Pliny the Elder
oh okay so what are yew doing? :)
My throat hurts when I swallow. :((
Our cat paws the snow/From the inside we ponder/Tundra feline life
Fed makes surprise announcement to keep low rates into 2014. Includes statement that economy is "expanding moderately" and inflation subdued
yeah.. but people make it seem like the minorities use it more.
thanks flawless Wolf Girl
thanks, probably nothing will come of it, but I gotta try! :-)
Whew! Final edits done on new library web site. Now time for user testing!
one of the nicest sets I worked on. Probably the best group of actors in a show. They could all do almost anything & often did.
u think that #Future-#Pluto goes hard ???
So, Guy's guess what, My finger it swollen and crooked. Ughh.
I'm actually watching "Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the 13th." It's pretty much an even worse "Scary Movie."
You can always identify a New Yorker by their gait.
Great event today everyone! Thanks to all who attended and we'll see you next year! Check www.hopeforfirefighters.org soon for pics!
looking forward to your restaurant opening, will it be this year?
RT : Nov 10-24 Perceptions of Promise at Chelsea Art Museum. Originally at Glenbow Museum, Calgary
Here's to my last day as a #PRintern! It's sort of bitter sweet...
Oh....Uhmmm....me no likey complicated. I must be able to do everything from my ipadddd as my laptop is the devil. :)
Note to self: watch Ed Lee "too legit to quit" video
Real housewives of Disney lol
this local fl band called before you exit:)
#HappyHolidays to EVERYONE. Be sure to follow me as I take you through the miraculous and divine world of music, music, and MORE MUSIC!
Mele Kalikimaka!!!! Aloha to all of our followers for the support & everybody who has joined our networking site! We appreciate da luv!!
Its almost 1am. I'm still studying. I'm hungry. So that means, I will no longer study. Food first.
finocchio, tarocco, san marinese cappaletti, panettone, listening to records on the phonograph = perfect italian christmas with the fam.
So full I might die. Chiang Mai FTW.
I'm so cold and lonely. :( I wish dat you was here to keep me warm and entertained missing you everyday. 8/17/11<3
We're still about half an hour away. I can't wait to finally be there!
I'll give you double what Phil does for 1 or both of those!
So how was your day Wacey?!
Finn seems like a real approachable guy ya know?
Do you really wanna hurt me, do you really want to make me cry
let me know what u think.
You never know how good you had it till its gone.
it is so big yay
why u stop following me
RESIGN IMMEDIATELY!!! WE NEED NEW LEADERSHIP11
oh okay I thought I was gunna have to punch you!
I am not!
MATILDA IS ON
« You talk it. We live it. You’re jealous. Admit it. #GNATION!!»
careful. Minecraft is addictive. Starts with one person, quickly spreads. Then you find you need a server, then plugins.
Just 4bet jammed 9s into this Asian kid's JJ to bust in 43k pot. Playing $565 tourney Tom.
can I have a follow? Just turn that button Blue!
Follow back please? (: x
Does anyone know if corn tortilla is bad 2 eat if your dieting trying 2 lose weight. I know its much better than flour
lol it wasn't standing room, it got filled... Yeah, I know how that goes down, travel and people who don't stay home
There is nothing worse then a kid throwing a shit fit when your babysitting
Who makes my world go around? That's right,
Sophia & Dr. Dyson debating issues of 'biblical interpretation' 4 America to see how "CHRISTIAN FRIENDS" speak w passion/compassion
The difference between GOP posturing on terror and Obama posturing on terrorism is that Obama gets results, not empty bragging
I love you all :D
So Saints-Pats games went like this then?: "Hi Bill." "Hi Mickey."
Glad that could be of help…I thought they looked promising.
Bro Croatia is amazing, it's now 8 am and i going play badminton.:) I just tart my project. Can you please tweet my video and say
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one of them
YOU are somewhat legally obligated to say that. But I love you for it just the same! <3
I think Renee Zellweger and Bette Midler are long lost Mother & daughter.
maybe I will tom!! My friends coming in town I can't todayy
an interesting read
RT : PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Snaps Losing Streak; Rises 6.3% In 1Q - We BUY
AM NOT
she wuz there. and i only tell the 2 of u guys stuff. and you guys are more trustworthy than others.
white wine > red wine
Holding down the fort today (1-5) at the Read/Write Library (). Come read/donate/hang out with some zines/books/etc! (& me)
#IfYouKnowMeWell then you'd probably know that i love music.
doode I already started mine lol
My grandma > your grandma
Can the Ox come on Now
I'm really excited about the start for the White Sox. Do you think they can be a team to compete with? Big fan of your work!
yeah we will
These injuries are not accidents, they are the direct result of continuing to teach antiquated techniques & terminology.
If you are in the SF Bay area, please contact me if you do any kind of "circus" act.
I voted yes twice for the #merger :)
I'm soo tiredd!! And I'm ill -__-
Hi. Yes, send me details. Will want to promote this event.
Bold Move..yup! Figured there is a degree of overlap
Start a trend #bestmovieever Mighty ducks
so your gonna miss double decker? Bo!
FINALLY understand the "ul cannot be a child of ul in this context"--read your comment and everything snapped into place! Thanks
Rule number one don't judge me before you get the chance to know me
im good, livin the life of a college kid. Wbu
Great way to be! RT "Tweet others the way you would like to be tweeted." ~
wouldnt doubt im always around Portland somewhere haha
I want to open the first nude comedy club, but only hot chicks who know how to dance can perform...I'm opening up a strip club.
At Whole Foods in Charlottesville, the cheesemonger sings. Loudly.
Nothing like fresh krispy kreme doughnuts i could eat a whole box.
what said. Please don't ever stop.
yes. Yes u do fail
update: went 1-1-1 thru pool play. Lost the 4th tiebreak and will play in the Consolation. Missed some big chances to advance.
I really wish I knew what was going on! Ah
I heard that! That was great! When Brown rolled the R in Barajas, I totally lost it.
hahahaha, its awesome out here. :) I'm having so much fun. I'm doing awesome thanks! Went to Wyoming 4 days ago too lol
"Ell oh ell."
I highly recommend an afternoon at #VictoryField! How often are you doing these weekday afternoon games?
#prayingforCaitlin with all my heart. Hope she wil be good soon.
I know you are ready for Ebuxing.com to be revealed to you and so am I , but I want it just right, so just a litte longer as we test it all.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe
RT RTcudawudashuda: 'we own the podium, we just let other people stand on it' ...
You're great, Stephen! And I miss you!
Interesting opening tag
At Piven Theatre about to watch Krissy and Jonathan perform!
Horray for he is having a great game so far. Congrats man. I should have started him this week.
RT If a woman votes Republican now she is not paying attention. - - a thought for this early morning.
its cool awesome I want to come to Montana !!!! Lol
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. -Napoleon
No. I will try that later.
this nigga got me over here almost sick
Inside the cap is a little empty =)
chitown and L.A. they do
im goin to da dance now i need a ride imma need yu to hmu bro
My twitpic is tripping!
keep that attitude and your are a lock 2 play for a long time at a high level
Ask bands you like to play your show, stop when 3 say yes.
Stay classy Cincinnati!!! Bunch of thugs!! @
what a weirdo :p
yes, the indie film right?!
A great sign appeared in the sky, a woman- clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars.
Hard during holidays but about 95% there RT : Got to holla u keeping it #healthy &
Holy mother of God from Where can I get a hold of those slide decks?
Bases loaded with McGhee at bat. Wild pitch gets Marcum in a pickle on 3rd and that's the inning.
My 1 a.m. #Martin session
Had a great second day at the ! Meet fellow brit !
#YoucuteandAllBut you're not a 10 and you slept with a bunch of dudes from your hometown
Okay wit me yea it's okay wit me. Wanna pop bottles all night wit me.
Ha! RT : Accidentally hitting the "help" key in an Adobe program is like butt-dialing a talkative relative.
U noe who's beautiful girls with out make upp!
thanks or following!
Car crash with injuries at Quincy & Parker. Woman bleeding from the head. Rescuers en route.
haha no it's easy. Don't worry about it. Tubas get treated nicely
Aint Technology Cool
": When you need to make a decision, don’t let your emotions vote."
Good Morning everyone!! Don't allow yesterday's regrets to prevent you from achieving today's possibilities.
I'll Have Another, won. Get it?
Why is everything making me sad today?
Im taking a break....
Yall gonn make me act a fool
want another tester? *waves hi* I'll be sending you an e.m. in the near future - a project for you and
I'd rather have Adam Dunn defend the city instead of those two goons
Newt has an agenda!!!
Indeed. When resources are allocated to depts, depts will be in conflict with one another. Kay's focused on ?s of learning today.
Psychotherapy works! Call us for more details. Its confidential..
If you ain't got it you ain't got it the theory is brilliant
Top that!
I'll be a millionaire once I'm done making this device that lets you punch people in the face over the Internet
^TH I've been everywhere, I am on with 10th person in the last 3 hours. SIGH!
slick road conditions on WB I-80/94 at Torrence Avenue.
and amazing conversation hehe
Fill in the blank: My pet's favorite game to play is ___.
Why not let Gasol shoot? Quit doubling him!
Three intransitive verbs walk into a bar. They sit. They drink. They leave.
I hate feeling like i am rushing through life.
He tired nd drinkin his apple juice nd gon ask where my room at cuz he wanna lay dwn
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and a happy and prosperous 2010!
negative!! It's almost #beachtime!
RT : For "Find Your Missing Link" events this week in LA - use our hashtag #MissingLinkLA cc/
All I want is for one guy to prove me they're not all the same.
So when do the walking dead katana blades hit toy stores??!!
Ok so what do you thing should be done to impact the #HIV epidemic? Strategy vs rhetoric
yeah for sure
Favre favre favre go away away
. to release statement, possibly today, to explain "opportunities" and "rules" of ANC 3D 07 residents' petition
#GOPDebate #Medicare voucher program plan? vague but forceful inhales O2, exhales facts
Ron Bennett of School Service of CA says state has taken most of state's large districts to the financial brink with years of cuts.
You Kant Talk About NOBODY Lips Lookin Like A Damn Platypuss By Da Face
when it comes to the strike zone, certain hitters get the benefit of the doubt.
hi kian! how did your day go? :)
This. “: Tough loss... ok time to let it go ...short term memory is blessing sometimes...”
texting you now!
thanks for your support David!
RT : No sleep till Brooklyn
Ouch. Zero retweets.
YES NEW YORK!!! I'm with ya on that! haha <3
It is just nice to know that real people are paying attention to what you create (:
Probably not a good sign when you have a blister before you've even left the house!
Not gonna lie. Not having a DVR upstairs is like watching tv in the stone ages.
USDA recommends only 3 cups of Dairy per day for adults.
I guess them 4 years in high school going to bws err Tuesday will do that to you , you start noticing that shit
Hahahahah got er <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Good night peoples
excited for the start of the new semester! ready to recruit new members! #SACFair!
Was hoping to hear you speak at the Daily News SmallBiz: Big Impact Conference tomorrow and disappointed I can't make it happen
I lost my boo to my business. I want to be better.
AAAARRGGGGRRR Shaving cream in my eye!
The guy reffin this soccer game>>>>
We are still talking about yesterday.lol A bus load of older Star Wars fans came by. Hope your having an incredible Saturday.
Now I want President Obama to take a stand on the legalization of Kinder Eggs.
thanks! Will do!
Creative editing music tonight. Looking forward to tracking vocals.
I could listen to music all day everyday for hours on end and do nothing else.
U/D Wilmot - 1 FF suffered minor injuries, medics transporting to Mercy Hospital in non-life threatening condition.
Hi, #internpro! How are you fine people this evening?
awe :( well at least you get to sleep tomorrow while I stay in awkward studyh. w/ crazy mr.Letmegiveyouareferralfornoreason.
I don't like people. Plain and simple.
Rich Preisig - twitter.com/expert
QUESTION GAME! Dm me a question!
Eating #Starburst LOVE IT!
same weekly driving time as a normal work week!
A Shout out to The Shut out. Commanding win from Carpenter and the Cards. 8 more to go...
hey!! It was amazing!! So fun...now I'm headed to dc and will celebrate again with fam....yaaay!! Lol
It's graduation day!! I'm totally wearing the same dress I wore at my undergrad ceremony 10 yrs ago. :-)
Girlfriend bio: I love my baby follow him. - Boyfriend bio: fuck bitches get money. - *scratches head* you sure that's your boyfriend? Lmao
I'm just saying.... Jason's nickname is "bitchtits bower".....
Twitter: launching first 10k small biz advertisers in a week in Amex partnership.
I love figuring out what other movies actors and actresses played in
Give me a friggin' break. It's a close game. Is he not allowed to bunt?
Gm all happy Seis de Mayo. Feels like a Kahlua morning
Old Marina, new Marina. They're wearing the same outfit.
everyone get prepared new vid #LoosestAussieKids with is uploading
gonna book some shows successfully for once
Guess I'll get up now -_-
I swear if this bitch says Abby one more time to her dog I'm going to yell STFU... From my patio :))
RT IF YOU'RE DRINKING OR DRUNK #ThankGodItsThe Weekend
Follow this: RT : The hashtag will be #ShareAScene. Please RT. An open access way 4 playwright 2 share, & all to be read.
Thanks T!
It's been great to be here! Thank you for having us.
... a fat little boy in New Jersey named Scottzilla just broke the state record by eating 53 mcnuggets in one sitting.
I feel balanced.
lmao nah I got you! Only you though!
A couple hours left then its game time
beautiful woman love u
I think they should all be fined if they miss #FREEthrows boom shakalaka
the question then becomes how do you encourage reading books and increasing reading comprehension?
Just saw Scags at 18 on shelf @ McNally Jackson Books, 52 Prince St, NYC. Go on, buy it, please.
Recording makes us happy!
Wilson lays it in to put #Badgers up 5, continues to be the storyline of the game.
i know i need someone to cuddle with ;)
Monday = "Industry Night" stop in and recieve 25% off your total bill! We look forward to seeing you.
cool, I was going to suggest a doubleheader tonorrow, and probably close the roof??
thanks for listing us everyone!
Mothers day bash at butler park tomorrow 3-until
Starting FREE FIRE by C J Box today, in prep for April mystery book group mtg. I'm a Joe Pickett newbie, looking forward to it.
I haven't been on twitter in so long :(
That is great to hear! Thank you for the kind words!
Your cat doesn’t want to take a pill! Let us put it in a cream to rub on its ear – it’s that easy! Call 412-681-6400 – avoid CAT ATTACK
$2 TUESDAYS BAR. WE SUPPORT LOCAL TALENT. DJ A OK IN THE MIX. NO COVER. 21+ FOLLOW , AND
Just saw the most incredible shooting star
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl.....year after year. Running over the same old ground.
I hate that i still think about you 24/7 but yet, im not aloud to talk to you... I still love you and i always will...
a steak to the mouth is worth a shake to the hand .... or 7 bucks ??
Wish I could capture this amazing weather and experience it everyday!
poster design looks great!
Except in Florida!!
Susan have you ever heard of XANGO? We are a company of total wellness and I would like to chat with you if I may! TY Neal
I am sorry we missed you! If you can stop back by before 7pm today and ask for me, Christina, I have comedy show tickets for you!
Thank you to my wonderful family and friends.
lol that was so funny and at lunch hahahahahahhaahahaha
At start, WSJ was nervous about writing a blog
Well I been workin since Monday and have two more days till I get an off day
JUST CHILLIN CAN SLEEP PEACEFULLY TONIGHT
Thanks for the mention!
quite chilly this morning.. but TGIF and thank god for no traffic!!!
Drunk coffee at 11, guess who going to be up all night
RT : Strange Brew hiring 4 the fall/winter! Email a resume if U R interested in a position! Coffee/restaurant exp. a plus!
ahaha. Ok homey.
what reaction should I have?
Thank you Mike, for the FF and have a great one!
Graduation season is around the corner. Time to #pitch stories about career, finances and segueing into adulthood.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. – Kenneth Blanchard
Thanks for the retweet! :)
i love perfect mistake iz iz cool i love them
Who gonna watch my music video for my song VA BAE when it drop?
Happy Friday! Less than a week from Turkey Day! Tonight check out No Bad JuJu and Jeff Jimerson & Airborne at Light Up Night Pittsburgh!
I guess a pathetic 2.5 mile run is better than no run at all.
Agreed! Exactly the point I made in my article...were only 5-6 teams, in all major leagues, on #Pinterest back in early Feb
I got the lights working again at work. Though now I'm disappointed; I was growing to enjoy the ambiance.
if I could give it some crazy number it'd be like 9979989889889889989899778987898988888888899/10 :))!!!!!
Welcome American Association for Thoracic Surgery Annual Meeting attendees! We hope you enjoy your stay with us.
KMA Music Congratulates Team USA!!!
Despite seeing two shitty movies, #AThousandWords and #DarkShadows, this weekend was pretty fun.
lunch and then work :)
Going for the Gold is so overrated. RT Olympic gold medals are really 92.5% silver.
Good night me Twitterbugs! Hope you ALL have a Super Saturday nite! :)
Why we observe the split-infinitive rule, for and and the rest of you who rightly note that the rule is silly
Ask nicely.
The whole office is out sick this morning for different reasons. What's up with that?
TIME TO TAKE IT TO THE TOP!!!
Yes, pleas do that. I am staying with KA. Should we car pool tomorrow?
haha.. My phone died fo real.. Get at me later. I'm done at 3pm today
How about "with at Mardak".
Ha! Remedied Twitter lawyer retained. Lol
for misplaced objects
Depends on your team need currently. Lowrie, Alvarez & Lombarozzi offer different things and can be useful for you also.
Someday they'll figure it out!
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Best part of the #MyFirstRedSoxGame hashtag? It was started by a fan (thx ) & is FOR the fans instead of the Sox marketing machine.
all over that Bentley :( poor thing lol, I love your guys show keep them coming! Come back to Baltimore MD, can I get a follow?
Enjoying Lidia Bastianich prepare escarole & talk about #Philadelphia & the 9th Street (Italian) Market
It's great to have good workout videos to choose from at home when you're short on time....like I am today! P90x core was good!
Her eyes.
bro, do you remember last year at 420? Myrtle beach ring a bell! My bathroom smelt like straight TREE for days.
thanks, Craig!
took some coworkers from LA to Ocotillo location yesterday instead of the standard chain restaurant dinner & they luvd it! Thx!
Thanks!!! :) THat song is on Spotify and Amazon!
Rick Springfield performed Speak to the Sky on American Bandstand on this day in 1972.
Happy #EarthDay! Go outside and love Mother Earth!
Guess I'm gonna sleep..night tweetards.
Watching Street Gangs of El Salvador on Learning about my mom's motherland.
I'm still dealing with the fact that I am still watching it.
your too kind:)
I guess the "choose civility" bumper sticker of the woman who screamed "f&$@ you" at me over a parking spot was meant ironically
"The Road to the Centennial Conference Championship is always under construction". Today was a great "work day". Practice 7 made us better.
NEVER let the haters get to you! Youre drop dead Beautiful! And you extremely nice! (: Dont ever let them bring you down! <3
"Hookers are like bounce houses"? Are you effing kidding me?? That whole article is disgusting.
Sad Oliver Townend retired, but its better than getting eliminated. Better luck next year!
I miss my baby, Tucker. ):
Now THAT'S an acceptance speech. Congrats!
“: The sun is out and it's raining. Huh?” THE END IS NEAR
#follow , our gorgeous chief designer
man I just moved to la I've been tryn to get on some ox tails n curry for a min. Where can I get dat at?
Sassys. Oh yeah.
68 basketball teams play in March Madness. They are divided into 4 regions and play for the chance to reach the "sweet 16" and "final 4."
Haha I mean all you can do is shake your head and laugh unfortunately
sorry I just say this tweet. We could of used somebody but got it covered. Thanks though Ed.
I want to follow a random family around Disneyland for a day and just be in the background of all their photos.
I be on it all night and I be on it all day.
I agree. I think Preds, Blues, & LA could draw solid #'s. I mean Boston-Van drew record ratings w/ a Can. team.
It sounds like that's the end of it.
Back hurts and I only slept an hour last night. I'm going to get some sleep now, buh-bye.
E-Trade baby. He never gets old.
Just finished listening to a really good blues rock band down at the Redondo Arts Festival while sipping a 32 oz iced coffee in the sunshine
it's okay. How about urs
Nice! Glad we could help. Tell that from AOL sent you :)
Hair done, everything packed, phone charging, & I'm not leaving till midnight, can't you tell I'm excited? (:
Were you able to stop by yesterday? Any feedback?
Whatever... The Kings are winning the cup.
my sister is going
ROFL,You have been to more places and seen more then you let on;) #NaughtyDonkey!
what concert?
Playing Dr Dre in the airport sports bar complete with cuss words.
Here comes the sun!! RT The SUN IS UP for the #KSLAM Breakfast Block Party
no it is not annoying at all :)
That FaceTime call was nice tho
The new DeVante Designz Inc spokes women search is on the way! got four nice candidates!
Love this--> “Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has... ~Coco Chanel
doesn't remember driving to work this morning. oh dear.
Face mask time #marykay #pageantprep has started :)
need lincense? birth certificate lunch card finger prints moms name elementary teacher name social sercurity card shoe size
You can't join Mathletes that's social suicide! D':
Cleaning off my desk & came across this scribble: "Make these people look research-y."
yes I will soon! Maybe Wednesday??
idk what im wearing yet!lol,maybe the dress i wore to your 15!
Hey neighbor, thanks for following me and thanks for being such a great friend to our kids! Your namesake...
ok, I'm in NYC. Where the hell are you?! :)
what?! When?
Make it nasty.
the black camera and my mom wants me to sell the other one for $30 and it might cone with a case but I have to check
FTB (For the birdies)
Fast 5 #1 Movie in the Country! Will it race it's way to $70 Mill this weekend?!
hey now! I was part of it too!
Age really ain 't nothing but a number for 55-year-old Sharon Simmons. The aspiring Dallas Cowboys cheerleader has had t
when you drink in bulk... The box is the way to go
We will! Have fun and be loud at home. We need KC to be Rockin too!
could be fungus gnats. clean catch trays, buy sticky traps, or put layer of gravel over soil. spray with water/non-tox soap
10 to go, i am seriously getting stoked.
heehee. so do i. but at least you get paid for it :) cc
an invisible dancer with a remote control for the movement's dimensions...
"Technology changes incredibly fast. People change incredibly slowly" -Paul Adams
#LADIES--> Boys will break your HEART but REAL Men will pick up the pieces.
3 days left for great holiday savings ! Stop by 6547 burnet road to see our great prices or just take a nap! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
okioki, well Erin being her good self already bought her ticket. Im pretty confident we could buy at the door though
dude! What station!
How does this impact #AAJA financially from a convention standpoint?
Kramerica seems like a made up company inside your apartment, which may or may not have a chicken.
#thatannoyingfeeling you get when your dog wont stop staring at you wanting your food...
wow, what a tard you are x)
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies within you." Ralph Waldo Emerson
I want to be a Goth I don't care about anything anymore
Apparently it will be in the high 80s on #Marathon Monday?! Terrible timing. (Is that even safe?)
can't wait to see your new show on mtv! Also ty for being a great role model.
if there was only one thing I could eat for 21 days, it would be Junior Mints, not #Chia seeds. You?
tonight's to-do list: 1.) watch MNF... (end of list) GO CHIEFS!
I love the custard, the burgers AND the breakfast sandwiches.
lol true. most people just say I look like my dad and thats it
shid i need to come fuck wit you lol like when u want me to
MagneticPix.com- "It's functional art!" check us out!
I Need plans for today. Its to nice to not be doing anything.
no one is gonna cheat on u(:
I think you should be able to brag about your body when allowed to, especially if you've worked hard to get it how it.
hi. I'm following you now.
..TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> ..hehe, i thought i was the only one who remembered it lol
Nature Feels -
how did I know you would have songs written and everything?
RT Someone in my neighborhood just got stabbed GREAT. -pack your bags. You're coming to live with me.
2 oz instant potato flakes, 1 oz butter, 1 oz crumbled bacon, 1 oz grated cheese, 1 cup boiling water.
Executives who bring in their own people lack skills to transform from bottom up; choose to do so from top down with THEIR proven performers
am i the only one that runs up the stairs because i feel an evil presence behind me? #OrIsThatEverybody ?
Cubs are up, punk. Thought you would want updates.
looks like a winner to me. Is that an airbender? What is that on the far right?
who knew a morning run in 37 degrees would lead to such a productive day
yea rite
are u starting the first season?! Did u finish season 2 of skins?
Anytime Stu, we're phamily and community. Happy 420
Scratch that, going to
really mrs collins, really....
Where the fuck you goin boy?!
Thanks so much!!
#3WordsForYou eat a dick
I wish that text hadn't sent.
Her saying SJ and I were close in age is way off xD Minus Henry. We're close xD
it's the G2x I'm tryna trade that bit or sell it.
Suggs and achilles trending blowing up twitter
Busy here at Chipotles
SAG-AFTRA dues are $99. FYI.
and all the other students whose computers don't read D2L files - the word doc for the assignment due today is up. :)
Admin textbook boiled down: delegate, take credit for good, place blame for bad. Repeat. :p
Blu Restaurant was proud to host Trion Worlds "Rift"
#MelGibsonSays I deserve this for "What Women Want"
What happen to the offense? Always knew the defense was crap.
Congrats to on winning the Wpt $350 for over $115K! Catch some of his rungood at in Aruba!
Asco con la foto de pin de mi mama
~ I'm good enjoying my time in
There is nothing more endearing, loving and wonderful than...warm donuts. Thanks
Yay thank you!
Lots of guys camping this weekend, including
id love that too :)
is that sarcasm or genuine excitement?
Go ask your doctor, why you be so ugly from the neck up?
Lincoln Park might have one you can borrow. Don't know if you can swim that far.
fuck i am so excited!!! united city!!! Lets go REDS!!!
the Browns also have two picks in the 4th. Couple a 2 & a 4. Would have ammunition to get 4 of top 75 & 2 in 4th.
Thanks, I'll check it out. "BackInTheDayBuffet"
Thanks John. See you at #12NTC ?
Welcome to B-Town Mr. !
still at RM. If you're here, come down
Today's the day. Isabel's driving test. Waiting in line now.
Like “Chunk Light Tuna” In A Blender Set To Puree …So Are The “Days Of Our Lives.”
I help people relate to each other. I speak of awareness and compliance to increase interaction and decrease discrimination.
go Dora
Me too! :D
Thanks for supporting the cause! You just wanna know what my first concert was. Don't you?! :P
you're the one (percent)
Will you be playing this year for the Fever?
“: Eating 's Easter eggs ;) #yummy” You little shit!
listening to new Ben Folds/Nick Hornby CD - best music I've heard in quite a while
The Brandon League Of Extraordinary Gentleman
always feels good to get to the root of a problem. But it definitely requires patience and perseverance!
1st game of the season against the #Steelers on sunday! The #Ravens are taking down the #Steelcurtain!
Watching Canisius keeping up with Loyola. where you at
im not a ho
ya'll are gonna be so smart now! #curategear Sorry I missed it!
Still in depression over the Rangers. I trying not to think about it. Okay... stop typing now.
Wondering how they will top today's talks on thurs at
#sslive Knowledge worker - primary aspect is creating, applying knowledge
I think this shelter may not work well with rescues. But having said that, I really don't think anyone has dog space.
It's about to rain ugh meaning it's going to be a bad as sad day smh
- just coming across your Storify of the ethics of photo debate; v interesting. any followups/action planned?
Family First. MOMZ? First First. Lo Siento
see your pretty face in class xo
Not everyone who kicks you in the butt is your enemy... But just because they pat you on the back doesn't make you their friend.
Tonight at the P&H Izzy and the Kesstronics. Swingish. Dancin stuff. Come on down.
odd since you normally eat just 1 bite of about 9 different things :)
Blitzing niggaz I'm john madden
Thanks for the shout out!
do it for show us.
What's the magic word tonight? BACON!
#Linning, he isn't going to be the next "Yao-Ming" He's going to be the new Ling.
Just entered half of Francis's notes for the #PealeBCLM glass negatives. Detailed information is his specialty. He's looking out for you!
dude better get Little for a while after this
"Very few people know how to work. Inspiration, everyone has inspiration, that's just hot air"-Beatrice Wood, potter, artist 1893-1998
Happy Earth Day... Green is the new black. Make sure to do you part by recycling :)
Twitter followers: #maythe4thbewithyou always
LetterMpress, releases 7/5/11, to App Store. If you design and love typography this one is a HELL YES! Can ya tell I'm excited?
came in, pencil is missing. not an auspicious start to the day :(
Just made some crazy music with and for - Y'all are gonna flip out when you hear this dude perform!!
Titus 2:11 For the grace of God has appeared that offers salvation to all people.
I think they know how loyal the iCarly fans are and take advantage of that...
I love her to death!! She is an amazing #Actress which you'll see in #HearMeWhisper She'll join soon
I know! Hopefully your dad is staying longer in Virginia
My old guy rant for the day: People currently working in news don't know what "breaking news" means. Maybe there should be a class,
One down, 13 to go.
Confession: I'm not who you think I am. I've seen your guesses. But I wouldn't be a true spy if I divulged my identity now would I?
Getting on a red line train in rush hour is like training for the coming zombie apocalypse
wearing jearsey that are hell of fadded is a
Happy for Tiger!! 1shot away from his first major victory In 2 years!!
Plus, no nudity RT : "Hugo" has interesting historical underpinnings, but is so grandiose in presentation that it irritated me.
i raised her from the dead though. She's a zombie.
So sad that Ralph Steinman died before hearing he had won the Nobel prize,
My summer is gonna be to good
Being lightheaded as no other and in a no good mood. <<<<
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
What do you do to stay in shape? Does it help your golf game?
boo to that.
Bucket list: meet with
I cannot wait for Justin to be single again
Had so much fun at our San Francisco office! Love my coworkers so much!! LA I'll see you tomorrow. :)
If anyone on the Culver City Art Walk is interested in a pick-up basketball game on the Dream of Power Halfcourt, stop by!
Welcome to Twitter!
that's my dog. Lol its still love tho lol
": Don't Be Making Love To Me. I Ain't Yo BabyDaddy!"
thats one place i dont wanna see right now
Be careful what you wish for cause you just might get it :-)
mine too.. Anything in particular they did????
You and me both!
You guys are having way too much fun over there!! -National Pie Week with FREE pies!!!
#youknowyoufromatl if u say shawty every time u talk.. in every sentence
Have u notice the people who work at jamba juice look like the people who never had a protein shake before...
#breakingnews JP Morgan Chase Bank announces it lost $2 billion dollars in the last 6 weeks due 2 bad investments. *closes account*
Jesus knew String Theory. That's how he could be a Christian scores of years before there were Christians.
yay! You made it onto Twitter!
Is the interview over ? If so please put it on youtube .
Very happy to hear it!
Going to a screening of TV movie "Have a Little Faith" on the Fox lot tonight!
She want a man dont need a man >>>
AND Courtney is in damage control mode. Turd.
he cal me dat name on purpose u kno i love it stop!!!!
Who do you think would win in a fight or - is my guy cause he won't be stoned today.
Yusef Chisholm, with his band performing songs from his latest CD. Be a part of a live audience for a taping of the DVD. 7:00pm Oct. 5th
Ladies, men will treat u the way that u display urself. If u display urself like that 99cent bag of chips he's going to treat u like that.
used to go there, it's a very good, conference- only jazz! Have 2 miss it,playing in Mexico 2festivals, looking forward. Have fun !
Aint no shame in coming off the bench in NLDS...Lets go bud
Just Got a Gig at The Grand Ole Opry Where ill be performing my #1 Hit Dirty Knee Doreen & Beer,Deer and Drugs Feat Kenny Rodger
It's a great day when our pets are feeling well. Keep them that way forever and make a healthy, homemade stew for them. wwwwholepetdiet.com
Thanks for these great numbers to share!
Dying to spend some time Down South, Brooklyn Style, with a fade and a flannel!
Blah, blah, blah... solutions require more than empty words: No matter how many times you repeat them...
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to play w/a mix of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, He-Man & Thunder Cats. I used shoes for cars!
come thru in the am so we can knock put those hooks..
The only Carlos Fuentes I've ever read was Artemio Cruz, but I read it four times (to teach it). It's crazy good.
What the hell. I just hit black ice. In match. In AZ
Sometimes you’re not afraid of letting go, you’re just afraid of accepting the fact that it’s gone.
thank you my friend. i will return the favor.
I follow 4 follow n I don't c no prob wit that...
when will you be going into the studio again??
That is a blessing.
we are wondering same thing! do you know hashtag for tonight's Mayor forum?
I'm sure you're extremely sorry, I mean you did apologize on twitter...
Sign outside medical office in Medford: Opioid Induced Constipation - Enroll now! Can't wait . . . or maybe can't go . . .
“: Confident means to be, open, plain,and straightforward!!!”
I love being a sexy Puerto Rican
the beginning of episode 3...continues where it left off with the rapper haha
Strategic voting applies. It's clear NF has a better chance vs CD than BF. [+]
Omg guys TGIF !!! And I didnt go to schoo like a boss!;D jk! I wanted to go :(
The year of the Dragon! We will be celebrating with a Dragon Dance from 6:30pm to 7:30pm. It will begin at the Casino main entrance
It was very yummy! I was eating sushi for hours. Ha
was so necessary. more coming soon.
Made it to the Crit Nats in Downers Grove. Lots of rain & crashes, but cool watching my pro teammates. Post dinner BBQ rocked!
Brutal!! We have to stop meeting like this!! That Holtby man...he's the real thing. Congrats. See u Saturday!
Dinner bell is about to ring: Tenderloin of Beef with potato puree, japanese eggplant and chipotle butter....come and get it! Yum!
I'm not counting Baylor out just yet, but man UK is putting on a clinic.
Beautiful day out & Im stuck in here working.... womp womp :-/
I hate the way the end of a cold feels. I feel so weak and icky. Glad its almost over tho. =/
haines, alaska
Everything happens for a reason, though the reason is not always as clear as we would like it to be.
Damn. RT : prince will be the first baseman, for anyone asking. cabrera will have to change role.
Luck! Been pissing rain all week, but sun came out for all 3 outdoor shoots!
Bitch ass nigga.
Hey I hope you are well. #Orlando has enjoyed hosting
3. More. Weeks. I can do this!
aw, man. WHAT A BUMMER. You'll just have to constrain yourself to our theme of NOT KILLING OUR GUESTS.
What's more exciting, a no-hitter or a walk-off grand slam?
our pleasure. Believe me I'm just as psyched about getting my team up. The downside of the tourney starting Thusrday is that I..
my niece is so much like me growing up i use2 get so frustrated over things that wouldnt go right Ill start crying&throw a fit&breakthings
Goddamn y'all my reading is tomorrow! Nervous, nauseous, terrified. I may be drinking by noon. It'll be fine.
Baha you could think of it that way..
Love and lies go hand and hand... Because I know my love lies to me...
-___- lololol! Not cool! & haha that was too funny! :P
Look what you've done
I have always wanted to visit the Moors in Eastern Britain. Very haunting.
Welcome to Twitter. game on.
College of Charleston has big win over Davidson today! Great Homecoming crowd! @ cofcalumni
. and I are genuinely concerned about Nick. It's like they didn't finish the story
Is the fighter serious? Laughter. Tears. All in one flick!
Aww! How cute! He better put out afterwards!
i think my nose is bleeding :(
Sabrina with Audrey Hepburn
Me Me Me, but am eating out tonite:) or would have picked up some fish to cook up :)
Art does not reproduce the visible rather, it makes visible.
Monday night .......come have fun with a sexy brunnette alexis.houstontopnotchlaymates.com
": Okeydokey I'm still @ wrk!" Okay text or call when your off!!!
Yes! Watches and cologne!
khali didn't sit down when he did it, and it's such a simple move others are sure to have done it.
Glad we could connect on twitter, ! Hope all is well :)
Love how my ap gov folder has become my everything mashed together/clusterfuck folder
. gives & myself 'internet cool' titles. IMO they do the heavy lifting & I cheer them along
Panthers are wise and sagacious creatures
Why must the Grading Monster stare at me so?
RT : RT : Wow, that time again? Thanks to new and returning participants for another fun and fabulous #Lrncht!
INDIE FILM NIGHT: Read for 2 Directors currently casting. Eva & Isaak James, a bro & sis team (think early Coen Brothers). Not to be missed!
It's wasn't a dunk. He just threw the ball towards the basket and it went in.
To a woman, there are two kinds of secrets: One is not worth keeping and the other is too good to keep...
Yeah, but he was banging Rihanna for a while. Gotta respect that.
can you give us a call asap - we have a little bit of a problem. thanks!
Why are you so amazing ?
I like your style ;)
This week Gain Response turns 10. WOW! Thanks to our clients and to our awesome team.
Congrats!! #Raven Symone comes out of the closet.
My R2 unit has a bad motivator this morning.
Come on, how are middle schoolers taller than me.
you are obsessed. We are getting you help.
And the job search still continues! Boo.
If the way the CPD handled the Occupy Chicago crowd and the anti-war protesters is an indication, it would have been ugly.
What a bitch.
hahaha they are probably gonna start making out and stuff...
Open Casting MTV’S MADE! DO YOU WANT TO BE MADE INTO A SURFER?
we can get over it, seemly its nothing more than poetry
Congratulations to the on winning its sixth MISL championship!
Gosh I'm so boardd!!!!!
Back to the #SAGFoundation tonight to educate myself. I'll tweet any good advice I get.
Every time I get stopped by a DC motorcade I want to believe its the President but there's never an ambulance to confirm Wonder who that was
Not "Right Thru Me" playing on the radio at my barber's... Must not go off to Nicki's verse...
such an intense conversation *grabs popcorn* Imao
Well there goes my spring cleaning out the window stupid tornado season.
I'm Boca bound, for a mail services site visit at FAU today.
I know- gotta save up for you though, but once I do I'll definitely be contacting you :)
Shooting is done...for today. Fog and sun added complications. i.e. a TON of post work for me. Need to do some pre-editing
Sad trombone
hope you come to the abundant living faith church in el paso!(: If I do I hope too meet you not a broncos fan a big fan of you!(:
if u ever need a grocery shopping tour, I'm of service!
Gimme Shelter...
Live chat with on waivers happening now! Tweet your questions via
I want #oomf to be here.
ah crap. What's the deal? Who did the deleting??
C-LAB meeting back in Austin.
Thanks for the RT. We had an awesome time participating and can't wait until next year!
Great choice!
How important is packaging of a product? I'm working on getting the coolest package for animal lovers to store their grooming tools.
I Got You
DAMMIT! POTUS has ordered a review. Brave step.
wow. I think I'd go by Jim. lol
wishing some #bubbletea love will come my way during finals week
Happy Birthday Lucas :)
ha! small world. I'm in Harrisonburg, just up 81. Welcome to the valley. awesome house!
Off to the city, how I missed the morning commute.
Q1: My mechanic is at the shop I bought my bike. I figure if they sell them, then they know how to tune them.
If it had been a PC, it would have crashed trying to process the 55K line spreadsheet *before* I even inserted the formulas!
Love it
I'm inside, too cold to stand out there
George is so handsome
u group u added me is it cal da underworld so thing lik dat its so satanic.
Heat came to play early.
"and it wasn't even clever!" LOL! that movie is hilarious!
I am regretting my decision to cheer for the Giants in the 2007 Super Bowl.
(c) smoking doesn't mean you should too. Smoking seriously affects you AND others around you. Don't see him smoking and think to yourself(c)
Still a good idea. The Thanksgiving tree starts to smell funny so quickly.
Thanks for following and showing us #love!
Back from a brief hiatus. Time to get back into some OpenGrooves! (opengrooves.com, b aby).
And to you too. G
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. -Albert Camus
Really feeling this new Common album. Been bumping it for a couple of days now. Breath of fresh air release.
“: "How You Are" is my favorite song of yours on reverbnation. Love to hear more!” preciate ya girl. Got more otw
Congratulations on your pending move!!! Good times!!
“: LMFAO herself....now she can sing google me baby lol” HaaaaaHaaaa!! Yessirrr
Waiting to get a table at Cheddar's!
RT : I don't think it's cool that Kim Kardashian called Khloe a “troll.” “Tranny” woulda been much funnier!
Everybody talking about how did soo good I can just imagine them doing they lil swagg dance & TK sayin really cash thats all u got
Me too!
oh wait so giving matt a kiss then going to class is making out now? oh woops sorry for making you "uncomfortable" upperclassmen, ahaha stfu
lol me too, blowing good one time.
AHEM..... Can a brotha a an invite? I have whiskey. Lots of whiskey...
Me to , regarding caving to a Taco Bell craving: 'The siren call of liquid cheese cannot be ignored.'
I just realized that my user experience with an air freshener is spraying in a Z-snap motion. DRAMA.
Coaching my TEDxSanDiego friends on speaker prep on a late night webinar now, too bad I'm not there with them!
Support women not hateful speech! Pull your ads!
Jessica Simpson gives birth to baby girl!
thank you
I did it because I wanted to, because I needed to, because I had to, but mainly because you said I couldn't
Best Twitter iPhone app =
Texas is on board, or at least not against.
RT : If relationships aren't a test, why do people cheat?
To all my haters....Keep giving me your energy you make me even more fabulous
Am I the only one that finds himself, on occasion, wish his dreams were reality and his reality was just a dream?
I said YES. So yes. Bob will be traveling from mar 22-apr 12. Why don't you come stay with me for a girls weekend!!
good! Now you have no excuse not to check your tweets ;)
Time to get classes for my last 6 months of college...Crap college went by fast!!
That's great to hear! I love your brand & would love to work with you. You guys having a good Thursday?
#bucciovertimechallenge Sharp and Torres
HEY my loves miss yall trying to find time to upload a video but were goin to start getting on here more so hows everone mentions us-Tamya
Thanks - I crossed paths with them on my way back inside.
Love without attachment is light. -Norman O Brown
theres gonna be posters up in the halls tomorrow morning -_-
Shut up and enjoy it! Everyone loves bacon! :P
Local Boys results: Deep Run over Hanover, Cosby/Midlo, TD/Bird. Game to watch tonight JRHS (home) v Clover HIll @ 7 will be an awesome site
stop taking pictures of your car!
Google Chrome Beta now for ICS and it r o c k s. !
Oh yes it is!!! : I'm pretty sure the party is coming to me. lol
For those who feel taxes R not high enough n Jax, tell that to Mr Lewis who because of increase he is left with less than $100 n bank after
3 days down 12 more to go... Keep your fingers crossed
good job Nuggets, hope they tie the series when they have game 4
Shortsighted & made no sense. Seems like a trend with her.
In Test Prep with makin fun of pants on the ground lmao
Zac Efron + Nicholas Sparks. This is quite the weekend for the females of our species.
Health care defeats moon. Ron Paul: "“Health care or something else deserves a lot more money than going to the moon.”
Can't believe my vacation's almost over!
Attending #Indy AMA event today: Anthem's Mike Reynolds speaks on 'Using Segmentation & Integrated Direct Marketing To Drive Market Growth'
Had a good core work out. (:
That's your baby not your paycheck
miss you guys!
Are you fuckin serious !
extremely jealous.
perfect blend of adolescence and adulthood. wishing I could go hard, but realizing my age and priorities.
hey gurrlllllll I'm starting to sweet more
Great tips!
White people: I know it's hot out, but please keep your shirts on.
Got my swimming swag on today...
Watched your video trailer. Will sample Lavender Roads.
those people who bring coat racks to rehearsal to hold all their costumes...
Have you seen the new Nike uniforms yet?
Hey Ricky!! How are you doing on your school work?? How much longer do you have? #youcandoit!
Gah, straight people, go away!! (Not really)
Big hug for
I wanna get a tattoo with my best friend
I am prepairing for a R+B gig,small venue "chittlin" circuit type.It will be fun! Using a small Hartke/Carvin setup with a BTB6
when r u gonna do another ustream?? :)
Hope you checked out the article and enjoyed. It was a fun write.
make it good too lol
Next version of distributor websites rolling out tomorrow
That would be the coolest thing ever! But, no, it's not. My name's Alexandra.
Maybe great #Baltimore #marketing minds think alike?!? :-)
Now on : "Under the Gun." Such a great jam! Giving away their new cd "Mondo" in a few minutes!
better luck next year.
If you want me to follow you, don't tell me you're going to make 'me' money. Friend, I want to know what's in your heart, not your wallet.
Crossing my fingers that there is no lockdown tonite at San Quentin. Need to work on our demo day pitches, on countdown.
haha. I'm so impatient :) Especially when it has to do with my bill going up $20 a month!
Racing around this #MondayMorning? Drop by our drive-thru in South Miami! We open at 10AM :)
“: if you are homophobic or an asshole. dont bother trying to talk to me.”
Cheers, ! Thank you for joining us tonight!
Josh smith yea right ... Big ticket k.g let's go celtics ..
Khloe is mad funny, just a cool an collected girl, ON KK take Miami...
There's so many little kids at the park...I almost lost my little sister.
I fail to see your point?
Fort lauderdale and Florida keys trip July 20th-27. This summer is about to be great
Work at 4 heard Kobe Bryant is gonna be there tonight eating dinner
oh drink cakes. I'm trying to figure out how to make a Manhattan cocktail in cake form for someone's bday in June
At the U.S House of Representatives now to advocate for vision & eye health
lose? we play
johnny rowlands spotted tornado SW of Olathe, weak rotation, no touchdown
when is that shirt off contest between chuck and the big Aristotle again? I forgot
Watered the plants for a friend who is on vacation. Gone 5 min top. During this time someone lifted all my hubcaps. Happy New Year.
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
#FACT 14,000 people are having sex right now. 25,000 are kissing. 50,000 are hugging. And you…. well you’re reading this.
#Youcuteandallbut.. Get over yourself? Kthx. :D
RT : Q: how to balance need for planning/protocols w/ importance of fast deployment and flexible eval of social media?
Anyone tweeting from the Mpls city convention today? Need to know when to come vote.
When was it ever okay to lie?
Just finished the pilot. Loving it so far. Hope non-theatre people enjoy it too so NYC can get a hit! Great job !
belated thanks for the congrats
haha it's actually *they're ;))
Don't burn bridges it could hurt you in the end <U+2668> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
my house is so hot i could pee fire
Last class before I blast off!!!!
Angel is an Angel now. <3
well okay then...
fact but I still got get dressed nice :/
Kansas LIVES. Feel bad for Robbie Hummel.
Tom and Lynette... Heartbreaking.
print print print!
I feel like I missed a few numbers here and there
This Sunday!
Just shook Gov. Kitzhaber's hand. Feeling pretty good about it. Excited to hear his speech on clean energy!
Celtics turn up turn up #TEAMRONDO!!!
:) and !!! over and over and over again.
So how bout Doron Lamb from Kentucky
happy birthday, enjoy the celebration!
just went through selection on Monday. Wilco?
estupid r u gonna stay awake late today :D and yesh ik we have a special bestfriends relantionship.
": Luckys tonight??? "yes sir, video game convention in town. bring your game genie or power glove
Medicated Patron XO Cafe got ah ah nigga ah lil nauseous....wit ppl in my circle I'm squared often...deff cautious
-Maria Bermudez, recently sharing her thoughts on Viva Flamenco!
where is everyone?
The most beautiful thing in the world? Seeing your parents smile and knowing that you're the reason behind that smile.
Don't spill any - RT : #FEARTHEBEER RT Every win for the Brewers is a win for beer.
I feel like God really has it to say that gaps are a way we are disjointed and incomplete. I sense He's interested in putting filler in them
we'll follow all the Badboy artists if you follow us
Why does generic brand soda have So much sugar?! It's like drinking syrup.
LUCKY! I missed out on it this year. Have fun!
what about schools offering DH certs already?
sounds like you're on the right track, let me know if there's anything I can do to help!
I know its just a game, but we all miss Dominic (PT) and regardless i still blame Rachel and Brendon for his eviction
"Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict."
Oh Now it stop raining when i make it 2 the house smh...
going 2 get my 2 gucci bag tommorow im getting my louie bag so freakin happy
anyone know what the question was at PC today that he didn't want to answer? i can't make it out on the video.
My Life at the Moment.. Jaw Pain. Tooth pain. My Daughter's baby daddy drama. No work. Bummer.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
is missing you like Burt's missing Dom.
Slept 12 hours last night and ready for a nap. Hm...
RT": #ICantDateSomeoneThat can't handle me at my worst."
tell her I say congrats <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
They keep saying there is somebody for everybody. I'm sure that's true, but being attracted to them and stand them...is a tall order.
Late night lush bath! <3 Candles and Champagne! Time to Relax! <3
Weather is not gorgeous here, so Antonio Arrebola's flamenco performance will be happening indoors!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to donate at least $.10 to National Breast Cancer Foundation. via
I guess people on twitter do care that it's my birthday (:
dude it ok i did to of course are class had a harder subject
ahh the bittersweet DST. More sun after work (yeah!) vs feeling like it's 5 instead of 6 a.m. (UGH!) upon waking. Thoughts ?
Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying Boyfriend Video Is Slaying
I think it's fun and enlightening to post here and see how people are doing. I hope everyone is doing well and is getting along!
Wow! Thank You Sir! :) RT : A good man to know:
HEALTH NEWS: Solarium compared with alcohol and drugs
Check the weight of your child’s backpack. It should weigh less than 20% of their weight.
RT My TL @ night > My TL during the day
You can hang out with your friends but cant hang out with me. #ISeeYou ..
only 40 more minutes :). Also, I'm wearing pajamas to your house. Judge away.
lmao!!! Right? I might fall & break a hip or something.
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
Got VIP passes for 2013!!
So much info from Kurzweil keynote, can't keep up, love crowd sourced updates from #sxsw folks
I'm on it! Tried to retweet you but couldn't
RT : White people know how to party for all the right reasons, Black people know how to fight for all the wrong reasons lol
it's kinda ridiculous, but I NEED her in my life lol
hey what up? you are a really cool person!
bahahahaha! Walking up to the 3rd floor of SL always gets me too! #IUPUIproblems Maybe I should do the same...
Durn....next time, next time.
Hopefully seeing Green River Ordinance in concert APRIL 12!!!!!!
Rain rain go awayy
Unfortunately I live in Houston, otherwise I would take you up on that offer. I am usually available on live though!
Just me or is incredibly hard to adopt? I'm going to have to invest time in understanding this thing. Stop the auto-follows!
The problem with drying work clothes in the morning: I can't put them on and go to work til they cool.
Um, indeed.
Sat. May 12-Participate in largest food drive in US! Leave non perishable food at your mailbox to
Fingers crossed. RT #Caps have lost, won, lost, won, lost in their first 5 OT games, if it stays on track they'll win tonight
When you start worshiping others, i.e. role models, your growth stops.-Tony Robbins-
Do you think Snooki wrote her book? “: This is how you know your obsessed ."
and tell them three things: it's not your fault, you're not alone, you're not crazy.
Last year we went 1-0-1 vs Chivas, with Omar Bravo scoring 3 goals in those two games.
<U+0091>Alayhi salaam whenever say the name of a prophet Translation: Peace be upon him (A
TrueLife right now tho "I Hate My Face" <<<< lmao
Loving today. Can't wait to see my honey, after a long work week :)
Even my Rice Crispies had a few rather choice words for disturbing them this early.
Correction: won the $100 and VIP card for ! (sorry for the error earlier!)
contact my manager, monica wild,
Your humor is awesome!
There's one next Monday morning :P
heck I don't know Emily says she has a "vision" so that could be interesting!
Havent tweeted on here in a month & more people keep following me. Am I really that interesting & people want to see my tweets? LOL
Boys are like songs, you can never get them out of your mind.
HAHAHAHA that shit was too funny!
I'm a senior, I tried out for #kmobaseball , which means I WANTED to be apart of #kmobaseball. I didn't make it so now I talk shit. #whoami?
#FF The bestest Ladies in the West!
I'm playing around with it but i'm having a hard time thinking about how it's going to fit in with ContentDM and digital commons
READY for to COME HOME! =)
awesome! thanks.
certainly, those things can be obtained other ways, but a lot of people choose religion for those reasons. To each their own.
White grabs 10th national racquetball title - Geelong Advertiser
Hello fellow tweeters..hope ur day is goin Gr8t. If it is not, then just stop were u r and take a deep breathe and say"it will b better"!
miss you JB
2nded RT : what do i have to do to get you guys to open with #KeepEmComing at summerfest?
this is why I like u
Happy Earth Day!! What are you doing to keep your #recsports leagues eco-friendly?
Lela just made me download mad thug shit on my itunes lmao
ALL the time! :D
how does one contact the dining section?
Oh man it's my birthday month. I want to stay forever young the big 20...funny to everyone else I'm super young
This quarterback mentoring segment on SportsCenter is awful. The classroom acting bull is distracting, moronic, and unnecessary.
Thank you for all you do at #banana2 and for making a place for bloggers to get together to tackle social issues.
Can't wait to see the best friend tomorrow (:
Fantasy Golf: RBC Heritage preview A thrilling 76th Masters Tournament is fresh in the memory, but there's no rest on the professional To
It's the last day to see Vibha Galhotra's show - Utopia of Difference at Jack Shainman & also chelsea art crawl today starting at 4!
A note of dissonance in #music, will bring a great release when it shifts to harmony. Drane from is experimenting.
“: Thanks! :) RT As far as I'm concerned can moderate a bowl of jello and I'd listen. #LMA12”
There's a wild side to every innocent face
Thanks to C Daly for normal New Year's coverage. Times Square. The mayor. Musical talent. Good riddance green monster Anderson Cooper!
I'm well! Loving life and trying to live it fully. :-)
ELO-"I've seen lovers flying through the air hand in hand. I've seen babies dancing in the midnight sun."
I know I'm a bitch.
Last show of the tour today in Buffalo...looking forward to the warm weather back in NYC
At the GI Film Festival Filmmaker Boot Camp in DC. Top Film Pros share info. Cast of Army Wives Saturday night. Ck GI Film for info
I think that's a better idea. Know where we can get some custom armbands?
Sass E. McNasty from The Old Money Honey's will be on Channel 10 at 7pm tonight. Check it out.
Ah cool. What do you teach? If you have any ideas about getting more involvement b/w students and the tech community I'm all ears
Let me teach students any day.
RT:“ I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance! (By driving away and not leaving a note)”
Just set up Chunderbird on an E PC but "enjoy" mutt so much more
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Lower 40 will be here from 9 until 1 AM! Come on out with your friends and family for a great night of good food and music!
great article man. Keep it up.
Sadness :( no styling suite this year???
Everyone please welcome and , the new authors of Pulse.
He won't even text me back !!!
I am pretty sure Google Plus does that with Picasa.
Lauren does not have green on!!!!
What did you do?
": "I hate drama" = I love drama"AMEN
Well it actually depends on what theme you would like to go for... making it look more personal gives it an edge too...
Craziest 24 hours Of my life! Big thanks to for the help with our brilliant detective tactics to restore Jaredkind.
The smell of burning. Firemen are here. They look gigantic in all their gear.
Hi Terry, Thanks for the follow. I'm a freelance writer for Community Newspapers special sections. I enjoy your morning show.
Phantom. Jar Jar, pod racing...ridiculous. RT : Which is the greater Lucas travesty: Crystal Skull or Phantom Menace?
OH: "Nothing beats a hangover like a snake on your face."
I just love you so much :)
what kinda car do u have?
I'm not the type to be annoying, but wtf is on your mind.
Just saved myself from a terrible accident....
Elie Wiesel answers "how do we preserve memory?" by saying "Memory - both individual and collective" w Pete Chasmore
1. Add some muscle
you's a bitch.
If you haven't discovered the greatness of 8 Seasons Grille, get to Bassett & Main NOW!!!
my teen loves your bit about praying to God for a bicycle...one of my faves too. Hope you're well.
Can't wait to have Sushi after work today just another half hour to go :)
JarBee wants to know...if you could have a cup of coffee with ANYONE in the world, who would it be?
Only just discovered 's magical prose, wish it had been sooner. Read "Love Goes to Buildings on Fire" immediately.
Breakfast 4 dinner
#EDM Generic levitra 20mg - Low Prices and Fast Delivery
I need your guy's Help picking out a new name for my New auto sound @ tinting shop
Econ is stupid hard.
My dad just got on facebook and not so coincidentally now people from highschool are contacting me. Fuck you, internet.
my wife just told me some of what you did in afghanistan, just wannted to say thank you, God bless
I did too and dammit, I had a great time too.
it's called biology.
lmfao! I should have recored it
good you
I guess tomorrow after work
love ya buddy!
I just saw 2 girls 1 cup, and 1 man 1 jar, dude never watch them!! It ruins your life!
I saw them last night in Orlando. Them, Bush, and Seether was all awesome! Great freaking show!
Me and Conversation... We are such whores!! Lawd.
Back from the gym for day 1 of training for 2013 #BrewersFantasyCamp. OK, was all stretching and foam roller, but back to the weights soon.
whole foods 365 brand!!
I'll get you back you just wait & see...
A day off school basically means that I'll be listening to Gotye's "Somebody That I Used to Know" all day. I'm obsessed.
Felipe Massa recieves a positive medical report after surgery, one step closer to returning, good news for Ferrari
Follow if you like to laugh.
I'm fucked
Huge s/o to the softball team!!! Way to bring home a huuugeee win! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail.
"GIVE IT UP FOR COLGATE! YEAH!" -Lou #UpAllNightDVD LOL
": Omg i wish I could take pictures...just seen this dude with plats with the big wooden beads on the end"<> u not serious lol
no sir I don't believe I do
I only cleaned 1/4 of my room.....I gotta do this over a few weeks because trash day was JUST yesterday lol
I had a blast making it. Glad you liked it.
Looks like I'm not ganna be able to get loose with the squad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
hand written notes are fab!
My days ruined
Ladies win a date with to and more. Send your pic and why we should pick you to
Learn about the benefits of goji juice, green tea, and yerba mate in this week's HerbClips!
#benefitfan Crossing my fingers! It would be awesome!
I hear a whip crackin' in the background
RT Bully conditions: Children are unsupervised & have stressed out parents that don't know what their children are doing to each other.
Eric Stonestreet missed a perfect opportunity for a fabulously ironic callback... Should have said "This is for all the fat boys!"
haha it's 83 where I live lol I'm dying from the heat.
How about "can't have too many guards"? Thomas is reel good. LAX Cty quite productive suddenly.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe everyone lies
Unfortunately we will not be around the area around that time sorry!
perhaps a little of both
Game day! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #welcometothebluehell and GAME ON!
Stir It Up
Parties in #DiMasi trial spent last 45 minutes arguing about definition of "causation" and whether prosecutors switched charging rationale.
*its in my car*!! Lmao
Maybe redemption has stories to tell. Maybe forgiveness is right where you fell.
News about new things from Animal Collective AND Arrested Development [the show]; busy night for altnerd entertainment
I will if you come here! Lol
Meeting at noon then home to re-pack the Character Building Shows
Lucky! Love Galaxy Hut! MT : Holy crap a seat @ the bar @ Galaxy Hut after 7 pm! Time 4 beer and a couple of bacon cheddar dogs!
no but I can drive a go kart!! (:
On our way to the !
Happy New Year! Be safe everyone
Save WA State's film industry. Contact Ross Hunter & ask him to put SB5539 up for vote. .gov (360) 786-7936 Please RT.
Dont trust shit -- even the Devil was an angel...
yes 7 it is
Burning Rangers?
So many celebrities this morning in NYC. Just ran into papa smurf and buzz light year
'One Revolution' & 'I Just Love To Paddle' show at 10AM #OldeTownStadium!
LMAO those emoticons you chose are real different...
much more attractive than an actual bulletin board. (That's right. Hiding there behind my office door.)
The cute chick from dunkin donuts this morning gave me an idea for a song title..."Beautiful Moron"....which most cute chicks are anyway
There's something about waking up to Miss Deschanel's voice! Awesome Christmas record.
o ok cool!! I love what you did...Real talk I love when people go in like that on my beats...#salute baby I support you 100%
About to watch betty whites off their rockers I need a good laugh after this day
You think your life's hard? Try being a Directioner, we have to explain to people that the boys are gay but not gay but still gay but not.
Thanks for your RT!
I once was obedient & in control, but now, because of my redemption through Jesus, I am surrendered and live to serve Him.
yes! Excited and stressed at the same time. Still working out last minute details.
If you can't say anything nice today, log off twitter and read a book.
A big thanks to the wonderful for sending us Tiff's Treats during this hectic week!
My fat fat ain't gone ever like goin to d doc n e more now again nxt tue for him n fri for me ugh
Brownie points for you ;) winky face RT : This is going to be my most hated final 4! We need a Butler
I GOT A TWEET LIMIT SO IM HERE
The leadership instinct you are born with is the backbone. You develop the funny bone and the wishbone that go with it. ~ Elaine Agather
- Good one, I would change that last part to "faith determines how much of it we achieve.
This picture is funny for Facebook use.
I wish Pusha T had nothing to do with GOOD Music because he sucks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
tim tebow to BUFFALO BILLS, anyone agree?
Shit you're right. I guess I'm his wussy cousin who has to use actual medicine.
The cat is a dilettante in fur. Theophile Gautier
I knew it was going to be him, because his movie career kicked off during the first season
I said happy b day to sum girl I don't. Know lol
haha my shoes were soaked
Can I just be pretty, please?
Congrats to the coaching staff at NMSU Aggies for winning the WAC and Coach Ross Hodge at Southern Miss for making it to the "Big Dance."
I bought it way earlier today<33 I already have it memorized(; #ItsAMahomieThing #GotItOnReplay #11:11
would rather someone use it.
Im scared of losing this page because of a hacker .... /: -Ritchelle<3
sign me up!
I already have a few good questions! How would 3pm work out for you? btw, my number is 914-844-9556 and on skype: Mary Coopman
Look for a lot of exciting news coming out in May concerning
Need a last-minute gift idea for #MothersDay? Treat her car to a makeover! If you need help or want to treat your mom’s car to a tune-up,...
send my partner an email at and let him know what it is you are looking for!
That is disgraceful Carroll. Grow a pair #LFC v
Footie and Social; jealous I can't be there! RT announces exclusive #4sq deal for
Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day together! Sounds like a recipe for excitement!
Nice you riding with me? Maybe there's a Laurissa down there.
welcome to America :-)
YAYYYYYYY! Let's have a party now.
I therefore rank their website among the most useless. Not to mention ignorant.
I dont like your face
Is Zimmerman running scared? When did he call Hannity? This is going to end badly. It has gone on too long.
It was so good to chill with and Papa Atlanta tonight! We had a blast. Thanks for hosting us for dinner.
White halo around the moon.. praying for snow
I pray not because I need something, but because I’m ought to thank God about something
Which team won?
Why you wastin' weed?!!
I do know a LOT of people. But apparently I'm running out of friends.
Like what you guys are doing. Sounds like we'll meet soon to discuss collaborating.
Canvas the new &#39;safe-haven&#39; for Hong Kong investors
Every Saturday/Sunday comes to #1525NewtonStNW #DC to prepare a delicious lunch for our #homeless community members at noon!
That 'walk of shame' moment when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no.
I sometimes try 2 take a break but i just go back 2 it. Im going to try a break with no Kpop stuff but idk how long ill last
this is true hahahah
Tangent: "Canada's Soutwest Airlines" is actually more the level of US' Jet Blue. Southwest would be the baggage car on Via.
Two dudes holding another dude down to listen to ke$ha
oh yikes. I'm sorry.
Love getting emails about NYC!!!
Robert Sklar was a real Mensch. I will miss him.
Thanks again to the early adopters! Found a couple quirks and working on getting video and music uploads to w ork. It's coming soon...
I know right? Lame sauce
Heyy girll how are you?!?(: haven't talked to you in like a million years!
At AFI waiting for my wife to finish an audition and listening to the #JohnAugustCraigMason podcast.
thanks for playing! Stay tuned for more #Tampa Yankees Trivia!
I swear law and order is like ten decibels louder than every other show
Spoon concert on Austin City Limits is as disorganized and confusing as one would expect.
Had a tough week? Indulge in one of our Vanilla shakes!
Not yet, but we're looking for NC's finest designers to source our products, let us know if you want to know more of ASTB.
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history. ~Morgan Freeman
Good to see you on here #drag. #Listening to Opposite of H2O
Lovin the Oriole uniforms. Gotta get me one of those
Terrible day. But take solace that all the growing, urban counties voted against Amendment One. Equality will win long-term
"If your plan A doesn’t work, don’t sweat it. The alphabet has 25 more letters." Happy Monday everyone!
Thanks Dustin! We'll keep in touch. :) We'll miss you! Good luck at FH and don't forget how to get to Tyson's.
I love thunder, I love everything about storms!
Welcome to BBN! Your followers more than doubled overnight! BBN Fam showing you some love!!
yes i been there before
Happy Birthday! Love ya!
Dammit. You're, even.
Didifbrkwowhdk. I already want to go home.
buy one get one half price, but at olympia
Outsourced got REALLY weird near the end. It was hit or miss. FYI the movie sucks
6 DAYS TILL NYC! Doesn't even feel real.
On a totally unrelated note, I'm saving up for a sew-in. It's a long story, but the short is I need a short bob fix and a #naturalhair break
Eating out with the cousins and Maelyn! Buffbuffbuffet.
All I want for my bday is a lot of itunes gift cards.
DO IT!
Will you email me what you got? I'm really just looking for something to throw some sick scratches down on the 1's and 2's.
Yeah. I don't wanna see the heat win a damn thing. Eff Lebron!!!
Today was a good day though.
Don't Stop Believin!
to the sweetest start up person I know: gr8 seeing you at #sxsw - thx for everything! - c u in SFO soon I am sure...!
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books
can I get a birthday reply/retweet from #theGreatestHeel in history? Your Hart feuds were pure royalty!
#BestTextMessage : I started my period! Lmfao
doesn't matter they got a bumb From BC...please did you see all the quality that was picked after him hazardous..lol
Yankees lost, BUT the Rangers went up 2-1 in their playoff series with a win tonight!
Here here! RT fantastic, progressive conversation at
#Oomf is talking to the ugliest dude ever ! She's no longer dateable
PREACH ": Ladies, if a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen
Thanks Cindy!
you obviously haven't seen all our ads. keep looking!
1605- King James I granted charters to the #Virginia Company to found colonies in the New World. Jamestown & Plymouth are the result.
#20thingsaboutme 3. I have green eyes but some people say there's blue specks in them.
okay good! I have something funny to tell you about that class so don't let me forget!
thanks for your encouragement.
Like can I help you all....why must people stare damn
imma ask my parents for a 1D autographed poster xD
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
I misplace stuff all of the time but I'm sure I had no reason to take my beeper out of my car.
Twitter is probably the only place where I feel truly accepted :)
oh sweet pair of pop tarts, how i longed to wake up and swallow you whole.
now THAT'S funny...
Farewell Randy. “: Saying so long to a newsroom icon: after 32 years at CNN, wires editor retires today.
SwiftKey is a replacement keyboard. The stock Fire keyboard is horrendous. I'm glad you're enjoying your Kindle!
miss you too! Hang in chicago?
If things we imagined actually happened and real life situations were artificial!
Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit. ee cummings
if you're calling someone's HOUSE phone, and they answer. you can only assume they ARE home. don't ask if they are. LOL
On a side note, it's 2012, unless you've been slash-dotted, you have no excuse for your "website" to go down from traffic.
Gorgeous Glad you are having a good time.
Dissertations into books (I'm an editor). The dissertations have the feel of collected articles.
whats good do
I can't believe we just got an Auburn shout out from at our Pure Barre class! What a work out..
Need to furnish rental property or new home? Ask about our new buying group and buy your furniture at dealer cost! Literally save thousands!
What's happening Big Tyme...LOL!!!
museum as discussion forum-- museums ask questions of the public, not simply answer them ...from tours to labels to lectures
Look upon my to-do list, ye mighty, and despair!
From now on, I'm removing all the negative people in my life, so I can be drama free <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
The funniest thing you can do when someone tries to brag is just be happy for them, not jealous. Don't give them what the reaction they want
agreed. Did you read the book?
And they are glorious RT : But Kentucky is losing 0% of their White Boy Academy members,
Always happy to support great content!
your occupation is SO EXCITING. omg. kind of dumbstruck that there are still people who go treasure ship diving :D
Barnett says it will free up enough $$ to pay for 300 teachers
Guardian Alien!!!!! serious Dicks Picks o!!!!!!
aside from mild goofiness, everything every character does is boring, and killer was a nonentity throughout
dem wtf moments ...
U ok beautiful x
re: the last tweet. It's like saying "are you sure?" 5 times after every question. wondering how the repetitive questions effect responses
I hate those questions...
Avengers blew every other super hero movie out of the water!!!
I just noticed there wasn't an Austream today ..
Yeah, me too - haha!
Depressed? Wry humor to highlight absurd in tragic can be misinterpreted by many Americans, as well. Cultural difference perhaps?
“: My 3 millionth follower get's 20k,my 2 millionth won 10k...... Now I will start activating multiple accounts!
good 2 follow u. would love to talk w/ u about ecommerce system you refer your clients to!
I'm unholy anytime I disrespect others but..... "Make EVERY effort to live in peace with all men & BE HOLY" Heb.12:14a
Saw a job posting today for a video editor... a linear video editor... yeah I know!
The new #ClubRockin Music Video will premiere at T-REP's #RidinCleanSuper16 BirthdayBash on June 9th!Get your tickets now! Space is limited!
Hi Melinda...I need to talk to you about an awesome opportunity for Packers fans for your blog. Let's connect.
Stupid people in America?
Were you near that heavy rainstorm area
i forgot to tell u that i dj now
Great Workshop tonight at Coach Mike's! Thank you
Book signing today, 4 pm, at the Barnes & Noble, Oak Brook, IL, 297 Oakbrook Center.
Also tell and they will be disappointed...Check out Cape Surf for the real local vibe!!!
"you should really be a model. Not for playboy, but for seventeen magazine!" - random lady that wanted to talk to me at church
Am i the only one who isn't watching Britain's got talent?:/.
Curious to why I can't have "ckj" as my username :(
Well, let's look at it this way: I haven't the slightest idea.
That's our South Beach Cafe...great choice! Have u visited the other locations? All w/in a mile of each other, all a little diff
“Bamboo is NOT a tree. #Bamboo in fact is a member of the grass family…”
Can you believe it is already the middle of November? 2010 has been a whirlwind so far. We hope everyone's year is going well. :)
I'm sure it isn't our business ...
Listening to "The Good Life" by Weezer.
He is so hot.
Watching the Alternate Universe screening, looks like a packed house.
Are y'all ready for another #giveaway yet? We've got a Mother's Day promo in the works! Stay tuned!
Even if we fight,I know I can tell her everything and she won't be mad
Me too. I was curious before, but now I definitely have to read it.
Why does 99% dust-free cat litter create a mushroom cloud of dust? Seriously, some of us have lungs.
Who should today's guest shot be?
I use to cuss dat ass out every other day and get back together that night I'm looking thur the messages n shit right now lol
Shoshana bean afterparty jam at 1030 tonight, open fist in hollywood. $5 at the door after DEAR JOHN MAYER ends. Come party with us!
We're going to Momocho for dinner too! It's never too early to get excited about guac!
you are legit!! ;)
still weird
just did..
Hey, just wanted to say that your essay is powerful and thought-provoking. Thanks for it.
This could BE part of the evolution though. Time will tell. One thing is certain; my crossword puzzle must be on paper
Those Irish dancing wigs are something!
workin wit tonight
The real art here is trying not to hit all the onlookers watching the
#FF !! Our band member that doesn't play an instrument! The damage control guy!
you'r inspiring. <3
Heading home. Venue loved us. I just need to sleep.
"I tweet about shit nobody gives a fuck about!" should be your twitter Bio.
what church?
Gnomeo & Juliet in 3D. Nowhere near as good as Limitless but better than Battle LA!
We had SO much fun together. We hung out all night. He is a blast!
For some the 2008 crisis was a human disaster, for others it was the buying opportunity of a lifetime. The latter would like another please.
DNA reuse? RT "If DNA is indeed a text, a keyboard, a musical score .. the score c/b rewritten to play new types of music"
mine is either Heather getting ran over in Episode 4 lolz or when Cassie was laying in bed... uh... naked in the Curse episode lmao
ok back off he's mine
Noticing him is easy, admitting that u notice him is hard
Awww look at da baby! :-) that's cute! You were a happy baby.
"Our all-you-can-eat lunch buffet includes: salad bar, soups, #Italian & American cuisine, and of course desserts! "
three word resume.
When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broke up, I think it's time you kept your promise!
welcome back!
RT : Without Fernando Torres' goals this season, Chelsea would still be in the exact same position in the league.
How's it going? I'm way off (husband is away, overwhelmed with grading) but I've written my plan for tomorrow. Will happen!
It will happen... eventually!
Hey there! Thanks so much for following! :)
done. black?
Hell Yeah. Imma go to Miami for graduation
Bring your camera/iPhone to our gig tomorrow at Commercial Taphouse---multimedia madness shall ensue!
Thanks for the follow P. Wayne!
Love the challenge of #socialmadness. Great idea plus your favorite #charity could benefit with $7500 donation.
Expunging rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
If I appeared in Playboy like Lindsay Lohan, I bet I wouldn't break records. Readers would throw up instead.
"what does 11:11 stand for?" "Umm the time?!" THIS KID
Window training yall
Jimmy rocked it last night
Thanks for helping us get the word out about the move! It feels good to be brewing Illy espresso downtown again!
Not spending on clothes for a month is a great goal! Investing in one's future is the new black!
WOO YOU GO BOY IT WAS EWW BUT AMAZING
Yesterday I set my Wifi's name to "Hack this if you can". When I checked it today, it was called "Challenge accepted."
#Casting is never easy. People don't realize that it's not a popularity contest, it's our ass if the wrong #actor gets casted.
distance means so little when someone means so much.
do you play favorites when it comes to your "Still want it?" feature? Got my eye on a dress...
Crystal ball moment at #NEworks- businesses will takeover #education soon esp if nothing changes. Other quotes & takeaways?
Thus proving the Jets brass is run my a 4th grade class
mine is horrible cuz i had to wake up and get a pic taken... and it was before my bangs grew out too :s
Hey twitterville! Whats going down today? I cant wait till tomarrow going to a #mirandalambert concert its gonna be so much fun!
#GINANDTONIC ALL NIGHT
how about some focus on issues instead of accusations?
The EP is almost finished and I just came up with the idea today. I already have tracks for it maybe two more, promo and it'll be released
I think it's alarming how many of the 1985 season of Hee Haw are no longer with us anymore. Where's the outrage there, Goodell?!?
I can't care Bout someone who dnt care about me smh
Hi Wes!
You're the exception of course.
kinda bummed right now.
s/o too da hommie all da followers go follow asaper!!! aye bruh hit me up dis weekend
Spoke with a woman at the studio, teaches 20 homeschoolers & clueless about the hazards of art materials. No protection of the kids! What!?
You live and learn. At any rate, you live. Douglas Adams (1952 - 2001)
This day flew by Joe
The Vikings have reached an agreement with Leslie Frazier making him the 8th coach in team history
To point out the caller posed silly questions is fine. But to make fun of the eastern KY accent is not. You sounded like a UL fan
Morning everybody!
Thank you for following us we hope you can see all that we do for the youth and families of D.C.
cool i was just fuckin with you tho you dont come bak to bama nun]
I was a huge Animaniacs fan when they were on TV. Look for Pinky & The Brain too. NARF!
''True experts think of themselves as students.Those who call themselves experts still have a lot to learn."
“: Mitt #Romney wants to treat corporations like people, gay people like trash and dogs like luggage. GREAT PLATFORM!”
I have a big welt on my leg!
in Seattle for biz or pls?
RT "She must be from Egypt.... Because she's the queen of de_Nile." #ilovemydaddy // This is fantastic!! ...Ohh, Pops!
We just put up a couple of ticket giveaways on Facebook for our only show left this month: The Devil Wears Prada & We Came As Romans June 21
Pain and joy are arteries of the same heart & mourning & dancing are but one long movement in the symphony of God.
I'm tempted to troll for personal gratification, but I can't bring myself to do it. This is too true (and dire)
Look like California. Feel like Minnesota.
whatever go to sleep (:
Who's ready to watch on #kickinit tonight ? :) disneyXD baby!
you don't know him like i do
#Becareful What You Wish For
#TVSTATIONS need to #factcheck campaign ads before airing them. They also have a responsibility to stop the fraud in candidates.
I love how i want thick hair.. but when my hair IS thick (like now) i wish i could tame it
dying to see someone yank #Ryan Malone down on the ice by his mustache tomorrow. make this happen!
Transitioning from part-time freelancing to full-time is an overtime job!
YA MAMA
YOU SPEAK THE TRUTH!
luckky..what dress are you wearing?
Sounded like Tiger KNOWS that he must change his behavior.
it is wonderful...
Brian Wilson may be out for the season. His beard is having Tommy John surgery.
WooHoo! Drinking at the club already.
Suspicions upheld. #Bridesmaids is unwatchable, but was well reviewed because women needed to get in to the somewhat average comedy film mix
Time to go to the dentist to clean my teeth
That awkward moment when your ignoring a call and you accidentally answer it.
At the writer's guild enjoying the OBS event. Ready to make today great.
RT : in this year's election!! Thanks!
I might scratch my eyes out before the end of this shift.
are you starting fights on twitter? Lol
love u
yep, I used to eat them like crazy too. Now people look at me like I'm crazy when I tell them I can't eat them. It sucks.
Good Morning Pittsburgh! It is a #GreatDayForHockey! Oh, almost forgot... The Flyers are a bunch of doody heads!
i'd die for you. the world still moves on.
We are unsure about crocs. If you'd like, take crocs with you but wear sneakers. Then just change if crocs are allowed.
Can we go back? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I feel bad for who ever has to work this week end cause shit is going to get real Lets Go Giants !!
Reading up on classifiers using the impressive and wonderful
Oh they're ruining it... well, setting it up for more of the same in season 2
How was your day?
Hope you guys liked them! :)
You know that day when you look like poop.. Yeah that's today >.< I regret sleeping so late last night :b
#stopthebeavers is so stupid
Anyday with family is great. :) What is all the hype about "Fat Tuesday"?
I know
Wht th show did to me was disappoint and disgust. I believD #frankbruni and made a point to watch. What A Bringdown!
I'm so glad, I was getting pretty scared! Haha!
yes, like the now-defunct piecycle, except more Vespa, less bicycle. Also, not just in the UDistrict!
DC: White House wants Gray to keep Rhee? Fuck that! If the White House wants Rhee, appoint her to run the US Dept of Ed. We'll be fine.
One of the few days a year a #Cardinals fan can justify cheering for the #Brewers Go Crew!
you should be a Eskimo! Then you'll be warm definitley =))
Your Smile
Can't take much more of Nellie on #theOffice. It's getting hard to watch. If she's back next season I won't be.
I took 1/3 of the month of April off and still didn't really find balance. I'm a little more rested tho.
we asked him last week after i asked you first but you said you were going with kelsey! :c not my fault </33
You heard wat the man said add em right now #SBMG Rt": Follow he sbmg"
Wrote on one of those whiteboards...not very exciting I know
calling Planned Parenthood a health clinic is akin to calling Auschwitz a hospital.
Weekend Fun Fact: The Eiffel Tower was opened to the public 123 years ago today! --CS
Those plans that sound great and you come up with all these plans and then one thing... ONE THING makes it all backfire
I don't know how much I agree with the Room-to-Read Groupon Deal... something doesn't sit right with "selling" education.
Whos ready for this crazy weekend of sports? Check out our new NHL section!
The man has no face.lol
Our collection of 45s expanded by 500% just in time to celebrate 's Singles Going Steady Week.
oops i thought you were talking basketball, sorry..:-(
RT : Even a good player will someday be a toy of a better player. It's called karma. Be careful of what & who you do wrong ;)
rondo needs to have a big game. and avery bradley is going to have to step it up tonight too with ray ray out.
yeah can't wait
had really cool tropic thunder black crew cap & a dog ripped the bill off wouldn't have any laying around u would wanna part w/?
I've been seeing all these awesome fortune cookie posts lately... I think it's a sign.
congrats girl!!!
Head pounding && back sore= the troubles of your two year old sleeping with you.. #sore & sleepy
ain't shit to eat in this house
Ah I cannot wait to see since LA swallowed her for days.
BLAKE ALMOST DIED ON ME!! I was gonna cry my eyes out!
I'm very sorry to hear the fitness center was too warm today. I've made your concerns know to the Toby Wells YMCA's staff.
Is your furnace ready for winter? Lubricate the blower motor, check the belt, vacuum system, inspect pilot for blue flame, replace filters.
Great question Vic! A quick calculation would be the number of years you plan on being retired times the $/year you will need.
nothing better than seeing college friends
Listen to channel at tonight at ! Wouldn't it be great if stopped by...
Jeffery gonna be a red zone Beast
LESS TWEETS. MORE BEATS.
Heading off to middle school orientation this morning. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN
i've clipped my nails at a bus stop but even i know to draw the line at that
I have to have a jersey. #IAINTLYIN!!!!!!!!
my sister knew a girl in school with that exact name.
... starting to... ull see whn u get outside lol
Merry Christmas Everyone <3
Can't wait ! RT : Congrats for making to the today show! Can't wait to watch!
When is this Oliveros packet due?
can't wait until Listen Up! is released, I hope it charts. :)
If giving the baby a lollipop, so I can go outside to smoke, is wrong... then I don't wanna be right
hhmm, i'm not a big fan of the 1D shirts. i just like wearing normal cute outfits to concerts!
Guided Tour -Sat Jan14, 2:30pm- The Southside Master Gardeners conduct tours through the Conservatory. Free w/$1 Admission.
What is evidence of learning in art in a museum context? If you don't know the outcome, how can you design to support.
Digg Scrapes Facebook for Diggers' Real Identites and Photos
Why the fuck did send me an email that was what a bunch of people have read and retweeted? Fuck. Charge me 1¢ a day. I'll pay $3.65
Woohoo!! Apple Vodka!!
perfection = my personal devil that sits on my left shoulder being perfect instead of taking action.
Is it disturbing that just hearing my car's exhaust note gets me all hot and bothered?
re:few marchers. Yes, and their input on your comments section should be addressed. It is embarrassing and insulting.
That's too bad. I fell in love with their EP & feel same about the full album.
It's REALLY easy for people who do NOT have to rely on shows for cooperation to take that stance. And REALLY unfair.
Yo I'm tired bout to go home and crash <U+E410>
I'm drinking. I'm with family. And I thank God.
#lxchat RT : for site specific: it's way less about "calling a show" and more about solving logistics.
Which class is this weekend?
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:36am in Atlanta, GA is 64 degrees. High: 77* Low: 57*
yea, it's brilliant! I've taken loads of pics!!
Thunder is right!
1 class period then I'm driving to La to go shopping then after that DWTS!
Thanks for that Power play Ward!
Standing outside the BurgerVille and stealing their Internet on my lunch hour has become the best part of my day.
Living in a world of recursive functions and quasi-hierarchical tables at the moment. Care to join me?
just got back from bboy battle, put together a dope jam. peace to all who came out, vibe was just right
right here
Getting ready to go to Brandon's brothers wedding :) can't wait til I have them as in-laws ^_^
Need VIP for the weekend?! Call or email now... tables are already almost gone for Saturday Night!
Thank you, Caitlin! -Kevin
...Stina...miss having you here in Nash so bad....are you still doing your media classes??
Passed out twice during an eye exam. Glad I don't have glaucoma, but would have preferred a less disruptive test.
me too, thanks squirt!
lmao! If I didnt have to work monday (to pay for the car) I would leave right now
<U+266B> NEW MUSIC: Young Jinsu – “Tim Tebow” (GOT EXCLUSIVE)
Daniel Hoff time official! fingers crossed it goes well
Aye sway ?
Estrada is on pace for 27 strikeouts tonight! Go
they were going to sell our cheese steaks b/c was late picking them up!
Does every tweet have to be about business or the superbowl? Nope. I'm cooking a couple fantastic BBQ chicken breasts for dinner. Yum :)
Another r&b title for the ladies: 'HeartBern' and 'I'm Tryna Get It In'
good question...we'll allow it!
Looks like another movie day
When I see tough guys on t.v. get all skeeved out when having to deal with a dead body I think, "pussy".
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?
was he already on?
No problem!
Biebs!! follow You know you want to follow!
RT : 1 in 6 Americans are food insecure. Those areas with food insecurity also have high rates of
Also, you can now set a specific time for your daily reminders rather than rely on my whimsical timing... check in to a program to see it.
Want to see more
on Long Island with fam fearing that everything in the apt could potentially be lost at this point by tomorrow
First Rose, then Noah who is followed shortly thereafter by Gibson. Next up: Asik.
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever
Great! RT A7: Love is a noun and a verb. Life mission: Be love, show love.
Because of my extreme boredom , I decided to try an egg and avocado hair mask :) ... It better work because it smells wired lol
Iglesias is getting the start tonight. Can't wait to see what the kid has got!!!
lol I know when to hold em and I know when to fold em!!!
Me too! Much more than I expected to, actually.
didn't know packing was so stressful... just step back and breathe
I'm not angry in this hahahaha
Dyed my hair! (:
" Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine. "
C'mon Pope, you are killing us!!
Gilchrist gets the short end of the stick on most calls. Gets called for tic-tacs on defense and gets no calls on offense.
#YouKnowYourHigh when the lyrics to a Pitbull song make sense.
Of course, what I meant was that the subways would fill with strudel…
I love that the fans are booing Marchand in Buffalo tonight. Shows that he is being his instigator, goal-scoring, annoying self.
Tonight is #5x7splurge ! Hope to see you all there!!
Yea it is. Follow me so i can send u my direct number.
Same here!
Hmm. I might have to look into that. Thanks for the heads up.
how i met your mother is good. too bad its done
im sure with my luck they would be asthmatic and literally could not breathe
Dnt drag on a lie after another lie it just makez u look stupid!!
i just back from Miami :D
u tryin 2 get some of this hot fiya ?
also think about tobacco and how taxation has dramatically curbed smoking behavior, in particular in the young.
Hey Matthew - Thanks for connecting! Are you attending ECAD next month?
Que Paso Hombre! you goin to Carol of the lights?
Aw the parade is coming down my block! I still have my sheet music let me play with you.
what's up
Would love to be at #MIMAMKE but can't. #BLACKHAWKS! Have fun!
thought so!
It doesnt work for me.
Evans squeezes the ball, Cundiff is a non-factor.
Which would you rather get, a present on a day it's expected or a present on any other day for no specific reason?
I have a bio test tomorrow oops
thanks. I hope you got something that will help your business!
Just sent Joc a late night txt. It wasn't nasty or nun. Lol. It was actually sweet.
is awesome :)
On dance floor, age just a number - Durham Herald Sun
I love you!! You are beautiful mrs. Mini Voyles(:
Relax, Bmore. I asked the team to look at Boller. You have no idea wht we have planned for you nxt season. It's going to be magical.
no sorry I'm here!
The Pack need a DE, OLB, SS and OL (C). So that means TT will grab a, what? Best available RB first?
Sports grill wings
listening to the current segment. confused. when, where, and how did DM make those comments.
There is more that I require of thee..
We need to integrate mobile into everything.
I feel bad for .. He has an APPROVED twitter and there's still fakes of him :/
RT : Congrats to the haven graduates that walked the stage tonight! Best wishes for a successful ans hope filled future!
looks like corruption,lol
Because the USSR invaded Afghanistan. The US boycotted the games in protest.
You don't like vampires
PFFFFF for cutting the front and back grass at my house is a good $25 for me
OMG i cant believe you just made titties on your tweet xD
Why should the rest of us have to pay for the "Personally Irresponsible"? The uninsured cost us billions each year!
Wow! Looking fwd to seeing them too! RT : Watching all 120 8th graders' CSPAN Constitution documentaries.
you're a scumbag and you shill for scumbags.
officially against mcr.
last night was wild. follow our new friends, because they are fucking awesome. looking forward to having them up to nyc.
#UFC finds TV partner in India - Multi Screen Media. Be interesting to see where this places TV distribution. My guess: near 1B.
Hate crimes
Much love - many kisses and much success!
you are one of my biggest role models please follow me you are an amaazing person <3
not yet we all need to get together and brainstorm
Still laughing that my son (in college now) asked me if I know anything about F O'Connor's "A Good Man Is Hard to Find."
Now at panel about #Chaucer. First up: #comics in the classroom.
I'll be at the show on Sunday (:
Hope ur holiday shopping is going well. A charitable donation 2 is a gr8 way 2 advance HD research ;)
chord changes are overrated
A2: Communication is key in EVERY relationship -- especially the ID / Client relationship.
Hey did everyone see how hot was in the #xfactor finale?! Is she still like 13?
Kwik Trip one of my followers? okay..just watched the greatest episode of #theburiedlife you guys are life changing :)
"when did we get old?"
Family Guy >>>
Watching the laker game on my phone lol
that's whats up, im goin get my 1st tat Thursday
Central IT orgs & services can vary greatly among "peer" institutions. Educause CDS facilitates comparing to yr IT peer.
HA!!! ": Magic. RT How is it that is still tweeting?”
some new coffee coming soon -- Sumatra, Ethiopia, and Guatemala.
the reaction when i come to know who A wil b the same as wen i get my exam paper and the Answer i thought was correct was rong
Great news.We're in the middle of recording the new album. 4 songs are recorded. Stay tuned
Oh no! I used to have my address in my email signature. That was dumb.
HOLY FUCK! I passed my Algebra class with an B and can't even celebrate
Perhaps you could adopt a shelter dog named "Wego."
Sometimes, Tuesday is the perfect time to drink wine... alone in your apartment.
Breaking out my tassels for the Lakers. Hahaha
Alan Kay: Learning a new idea requires almost as much creativity as the original invention.
I want to know what love is!!!!
Listening to Just Friends right now (: Hopefully, if you follow us, we can become friends ? (:
Manning, entertainingly, on how cats complicate human movement and spatially, horizontal and vertical planes.
Awww Thank YOU
Policies that turn power over to students are forcing some great teachers out of the classroom.
Never mind, they went out for breakfast lol
We've got lots of films reviewed in the new edition of Video Librarian: Ward No. 6, A Time for Drunken Horses, and Nénette among others.
It definitely is. And if you go I will be very very jealous :) Is FB down for you btw?
thanks! Glad you liked it. We should be open tomorrow. Watch twitter and FB! ;-)
Nickleby's! #Akron! Its on!
This year seems Valentinier than other years, for some reason.
Washington should have won that game. Bye bye bracket.
Jesus christ the magican
On the way to the studio to hear a rehearsal
AND you know it! Thx!
I married miss right! I just didn't know her first name was "Always."
Can I write for adventure time? Shit I'm random as hell too
#thewayiseeit you should have your #party at
So many White House "armchair quarterbacks". Republican or Democrat, try being President for a month, week or even a day, then pop-off.
Tune in this Thanksgiving to Tuff TV @ 10:30 and enjoy The After After Party!
any word if peyton reinjured his neck today bending down to kiss elway's ass? Their bromance is hard to watch.
The Celtics should have a Good Rondo vs. Bad Rondo guage on the sideline, kinda like a possession arrow.
This movie was actually pretty good ! Good for lifetime and no one even got raped! That's a first.
I'll be significantly lowering my carbon footprint this month... because my car was just stolen.
checking out The Embassy Ensemble and J Ivy
I had to do the math twice... :) yes not long yet... long and lots of change.
RIP elizabeth, anyways. i hope she's in a better place now. x
RT : Thx for RT & using #TwTAs = Tweeting Travel Agents. Community of agents on Twitter can now find each other!
Working on a new video :)) Well, I'm just about to stop for the night! xx
MT : The National Museum of Mexican Art will screen + a #Chicago teen art exhibit about violence. More deets soon
I submitted a question to your support discussion center a couple hours ago and I'm still waiting to hear back....crickets....
Movies Opening This Week Movies Opening in Theatres This Week
Working super hard to keep my beach body! Woo! \( °o°)/
#HPLive has beer. Less filling, tastes great. RT What To Look For In Tonight's Illinois Primary: Hype, Filler.
No crossfit today, but I did Farmer's Walk a new kettlebell through the mall to my car. Burned a bit.
Watching the Skins v. Dallas game through the crack in between my fingers!
Totes! And you definitely started a new trend! #NoDoubtBoutIt and ur welcome! :)
Can't tell you - I was a volleyball player. :)
Seeing just brightened my day.
Thank you.
Are you promoting an event in D.C? Do you work at a bar in D.C? Do you know of a really good Happy Hour place? and DM.
someone speak spanish? haha i'm from Chile & i speak spanish..my english is bad lol
So, as my Mom used to say, how was school today?
love that Cara's hanging with Scout! Thx for the read!
Radelet: "There is a huge overlay of economic growth and political change in Africa. This is very different than the South East Asia Example
Hey can you believe that told me that I am not allowed to wear a hood while I work out... hm No sweat here
That and maybe a shirt. :)
Gotta get down on friday.
HELL YEAH!
cannot log to yahoo even facebook google since i ,ve been using this crap called YAAAAAAHOOOOOOO sincerely L.M.Freitas
RT : If you are trying to win the heart of a #Leo female, never be disingenuous or lack originality. You will fail.
RT : FIRE & have written to Villanova U. protesting cancellation of Tim Miller workshop. Up on our website soon!
I ran over 2 mating birds, ripped my jeans and had to buy a textbook within 15 minutes of each other.
Still working the kinks out on getting our insider feed consistent. But what a great week for the #txd crew!
Oh Night Divine Comedy
I know you are. I hope it's true. I don't mean to be a pessimist. “: just reporting what I heard,”
where are u? We should collaborate! And plz check out our trailer! :)
lol i quit because the auto correct shit is getting on my nerve lol
Sound judgement to me :) RT : Son: need a $1 for a hot dog 5 min later Son: Got a cupcake instead. Hot dog line too long Me: sigh
Im lovin how it kills my ex to know I spending time with someone else that isnt him. &how he just wants to call to say " I love you." Lmfao!
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it. ~Desiderius Erasmus
then your pussy taste juicy
hopefully by next weekend!! They have a lot of grout clean-up to do & sealing. Then we have more painting & cleaning to do!
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
Watching the Philly/AZ game, drinking beers and eating hot wings. Life's good.
oh right! they are only cracked to get a little flow. we'll take the blame tomorrow i suppose :-\
The amazing world of Gumball is hilarious today. It's the closest thing I can get to chowder <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
My cat would be uber jealous and beg to do the same!
Argh. Make it Doug.
Be Safe &meet the 2014 deadlines by obtaining your Electronic Medical Records Don't be fooled by Copy-cats!Visit the website toady 4 sales.
On to spending cuts. Let's make them big & real. Otherwise we're toast. Got to save somewhere so we can spend $ where we need to.
LOL this one is for Cyndi I know you love Twilight!!!
you throw up?
“: Consuming a pot of blue bottle while I dig into CoffeeScript this morning #appropriate” Cheers to that!
It's also on MLB TV but I don't think they have same audio.
Phew! You're up early. Mama's gonna need a nap! :) Excited to see you tonight. Pumped for the !
only Chris Berman could enjoy that one “: If Huskies score on drive u could say they traveled the Trans-Seferian-Jenkins Highway
Great job
so ur calling Niall Horan boring cuz he always eats
DM me with the details!! I'm 20
should have got a banh mi with me. Pickled vegetables on a sandwich!
thanks for the visit! Hope you had a great time!
download games for playstation Dragon Age: Origins [Download ...
Failure is a Wonderful Teacher
Getting sleepy
Doing some February homework.. Nbd.
Now it is snowing on West Branch of Delaware...my fly is lost like tears in rain...time to drive.
Hey "American Dream" commercial guy from Spotify, your voice/lisp has thoroughly creeped me out.
Anyone who has not seen a Cirque du Soleil show- GO! It was amzing, truly breath taking.
So that was the greatest recruiting reveal ever, right? The shaved UK logo?
Oh I hear you on that one, I used Home Grocer and they bailed on me too.. I might have to try Amazon....
LOL! Girl! That would be awkward. :p
Run, run with her top down; baby she flies. Run run with the fury of a saint in her eyes.
it's a fucking fist.
in Casablanca, Morocco! su casa e mi casa... wait, that can't be right...
Sitting on my kitchen counter waiting for cable to arrive. They're over 30 mins past the 2-hour window. What's new?!
And we bet it looks great on you!
When juicing your drink gets out of hand... Stop, and ask yourself, What Would SquE-Z Do?
Yeeaaahh! Me to, I thought the test was tomorrow!
Need to get back on my tweet game.
I never thought this day would come</3
so how r Rangers fan?
yes this is true
Headed to see take on that team from the south with & others soon. Great night for a game.
ok- it is so hot the dog refuses to go out.
I've Ben dead. Wake me up bby
can you verify our account
#thatawkwardmoment when the lights turn off but the class stays lit by all the phones out
Thank God for scrub pants!
I am not surprised, Erika. You've needed at least one or two clones for awhile now!
BloodyNightCon: One hour for the next of all the products (8pm, Spain time). And only until 22/01, 10% discount at all the pes
Dunno - seemed more like a clever tactic to get someone to read their blog. Who knows :-)
APA citation format will not stay inside my brain, no matter how many citations I have typed. This is a boring revelation.
Here! Can I just start shooting questions?
um.... i might goin to this guy named david garzas house .....(:
You all can love but my perspective is different... The show is fantasy good its on TV
Great Camp in Asheville #dcavl Thanks , sponsors , , , and Hot Drupal hosting
RIP. The rapping bum has passed away... #honorablebuckeye we all benefitted from his raps.
I just crawled into bed. Long day.
but I thrive better with a calendar like that. I love that you help me slow down at times. :)
You aren't afraid of hard work, Chekesha - wishing you great success!
It's funny how people take you for granted till poof... One day you just disappear #ThatJoelTreatment ;)
Cafe 41 opened last month. Try our awesome lunch deals! Welcome us to Twitter & let us know what u think!
Happy Easter weekend to everyone! Also, if you're at all interested, take the time to look up the esoteric nature of Easter!
Ran a few miles yesterday using the "Born To Run" running style. Woke up this morning and my calves felt like rocks. Painful, painful rocks.
Dylan holland!'<3
Any chance of additional gluten free breakfast options in the fridges in the near future?
leaving tne grocery store
i need counselin', i lost my mind and still havent found it
Got caught without an umbrella- debating hanging my pants up to dry @ work RT : Wow, the sky just opened up and poured.
We heard through the grapevine that you have a shoe shiner! Would you be interested in having us on days he is not there?
Playing Capture the Flag in a river=best idea ever
once #GoogleDrive gets here, will i be saying adios to #Dropbox?
On my life... I love Macaroni and Cheese with tuna in it..
I'm glad is on Twitter now. #FF him and constantly hold his feet to the fire like I'm going to.
Sun Prairie considering a Boys and Girls Club. Learn more at meetings Thurs. and Sat. at the high school. More info: .
Cant wait for 's new songs to come out(; But 11:11 always makes me feel happy:D <3
Who is starting on Opening Day for you?
at this point i dont care lol i've been wanting something sweet all day lol
I FEEL U!WELL WHEN U FIND TYME 2 FUCK WIT ME LET ME KNOW
gonna play Wii with the brother! <3 bbl
Favorited so we can make sure this issue is addressed.
yea I'm fine thank u tho
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you.
Curtis going with the Kevin Durant schoolboy look on PG...KOOL!
i need followers
She's so stupid she thinks a shoplifter is a very strong person who goes round picking up shops.
can't change what I never was..
I hate being the last one awake.
SC Teaching Case Study: Grob: have students create a model newspaper about their class topic; too bad faculty did not go along
Please add a Tebow jersey to my Christmas list. This guy is becoming my favorite player.
I still can't. But I've read enough.
Excited about creating my new space in a way that nurtures my creative side. Am I too old for a loft bed? : )
... You might know!
The only thing I don't like about spring and summer is all the damn BUGS!!!
I learned today that #UserExperience is more formally known as Human Computer Interaction or #HCI in the education community.
Why have i never listened to Electriclarryland before? This album is amazing!
and yes...meeting! I'll email ya
This is a nice smooth ride into the city right now
What ever happened to the Sea Oats Motel from way back when? I know it was still around after Hurricane Dennis (Destin)
gave me a shout out <3
We are "Connecting Cultures" this wknd at Target 1st Saturday w/ & more!
Cant wait to see tonight on #TheVoice. He's gonna kill it!
Crazy what happen with Junior Seau.... Smh
Anyone read the book "The Odyssey" at school? Or seen the movie? Or got stoned and watched a documentary on it on the History Channel?
what tweet? lol
Joseph Kony is all the rage it seems, US is helping Uganda find him. I suggest they check Pakistan.
Sounds of Anacostia on the air right now. arkradio.tumblr.com. come by any time! Thanks ! Very very cool.
wanna play @ The Orphanage?? contact us =-) david
Join us tonight between 6-8 for a dog adoption fundraiser! They are generously donating 10%!
: In the Organizing for Online presentations. Missed 10 minutes. Not bad considering traffic. Great class so far.
RT : Around Christmas time it is fun to go up to any "For Lease" signs & write "Navidad" under it. - Funny Af' (x
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving!
its not a scam. Quite the opposite. Google us. Just launched to the world. 400+ retailers
I'm in big trouble, aren't I?
We need to confiscate all of Frank's razors, he must keep the beard!
what do u got goin on?
The creepy "Rebecca" story was new to me. I'm glad I got to see ' stage version by Daphne DuMaurier.
Idk man sororities are kind of stupid you pay for friends just saying
Mr Bates! No! Someone tell me he comes back to Downton Abbey! (Season 2, Ep 1)
the fed & brettonwoods & I'd say theres a lot of merit to the argument that we r headed 4 hyper inflation, esp if bernanke cont as fed chair
If Roses injury is serious, I am going straight to my Dr for depression meds.
you are becoming a world traveler! Please come back and stay in Dallas for a while!
I've voted for at least 60 times today. It would be worth it if i got a follow back :) 1-4-3
On another note, I dreamed of Robert Downey Jr last night... oh boy is he HOT as Tony Stark. Hot!
thanks for heads-up!
FireSign customers: All systems have returned to normal. Thanks for your patience.
I kno I kno its a damn shame but things will be back 2 normal Friday! I'm off too & I'm lookin 4 a drank!
Awesome! :) RT : If I ever got an ass tattoo, it would be part of a horseshoe coming out.
Again took the jeopardy test...again ot didnt go great. Why oh why couldn't I remember shiatsu!
really!!!! Ok fam can you call me in the morning and let's chop it up.. Let's get this ball rolling
neva dwell on old bitches life too short
probably a switch over capacity on your ping traceroute root shell server
RT : Celebrating #4sqday at :D DJ played my song! Woo!
Twitter > Everything else.
PARTY ROCK SHUFFLE! #MadonnaBowl just got so uch better
VIKINGS defense is Atrocious! Small letters cause it's that BAD!
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act. Bill Gates
"If you don't talk, I'll call immigration and Mr. Faulkner's on a one-way flight to Sydney." Prosecutor to Renee.
Vegas in the morning...loving this thing called life!
- Just saw a tall hot model with really bad feet and thought of you, miss you buddy. Glad to hear your killing it as usual!
Maybe they should just dig it all up and put in a new "instant" subway like they did with the instant bridge over River St.
“In every society where women have power—whether humans or primates—the key is female bonding,” -Christopher Ryan co-author Sex at Dawn
I felt shitty about my stand-up tonight, & then I watched some Buster, Gob, and Tobias videos and felt way better! ,
Can't get you off my mind. Well fml, fml.
Building a new team, with great people and solid partners.
Good Morning! On 99.1 The Mix for a few hours and then taking advantage of this nice day!
has the best laugh in comedy.
Okay thank you for letting me know
Fast moving clouds and lightning show in Elmbrook Church's parking lot. Car-shaking thunder too.
“You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I’m not hungry enough to eat six.”- Yogi Berra
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among American women, after skin cancer.
I do not know what kind of tie it was other than just very bad.
I adore the #Havertys dating commercial
I would like to spend 4-6 weeks visiting as many areas of India as possible. I think Dec-Jan will work.
(Or rather, evidence that the Academy *IS* morally indifferent.)
oh okay yeah ha. I thought you were talking about james. And I just saw pip leave :\
lol you did not mention this
i love u too! can't wait to come home and show u!!! hehe
Bus driver blasting Robert Frost poem through the main speakers; "NATURE'S GREEN IS GOLD--" still no response.
150 years ago today the first transcontinental telegram was sent.
Thanks Doll <3
Fun Fact of the Day: The accent of a cow’s mooing depends on the region it belongs to!
work again =[
That's just great,it would be sucky weather the day I actually have plans!! -__- This chick=Annoyed. :P
So with football season really over now I guess it really is basketball season
Wow, He wants to hear our voices.....Just as he listen to the Republicans. That is cute
works with iOS & Android smartphones & tablets. All swings also upload to online account. Int'l shipping mid-year.
Now I remember why I only use the self checkout lane at the grocery store.
OMGoodness! I do believe I had a very similar blouse like that back then. Pretty awesome :)
Full disclosure: I actually am a good shot with a bow and arrow. LIVING THE STEREOTYPE.
In #Toronto two weeks next month and looking for #comicbook stores interested in hosting a #Mixtape signing. Suggestions?
" I'm not in North Carolina, anymore" but ohio is what it is!
Front Desk Mon: George Van Wyhe w/Auto Trim Design Fairbanks is helping us get our exterior windows tinted for UV & solar heat protection.
you know who I don't miss? Megan Habusta. fuck that bitch.
We're all dressed up, we have nowhere to go.
L was sayin stop haten on yeter or what ever her name is
of course! A chance to hang out with you! Been to long I think. So, what are we doing for our birthday? ;)
Sweet just got a point off for doing over time!
not going to make it. Sorry! Work calls.
Stats without context = fail...... Pay Matt Forte NOW.
Glad you're excited for the movie! :D ": is the man!"
Are you the Peter Raisch that I know?
well, at least they won...
did he chest bump him?!
not especially. What comes that comes...
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Rollerball perfumes are great stocking stuffers & give you the perfect scent every time.
Speaking of foursquare. Members can check in at: Baltimore Blizzard 2010. Leave a tip and some new key words.
and I'd be happy to teach you some more photoshop. ;)
A three hour tour! A three hour tour!
Thanks for the shout out!
not bad ! you're getting grown up hobbies now. enough already of the bowling and the sofa-perving !!
Tuesday is the best day on twitter :)
thanks man
Publishers need to prioritize the ebook-indie relationship.
Mini morning adventure with ! :}
absolutely.. and being legal helps lol
Plaque reappears in 6 hours after brushing.
Dart Vader have an away game today so the boards are open. We'll be back later, so y'all be good.
new york is not a soccer city, and philly fans have been given every reason by thier front office and Nowak, not to show up.
I may die. Haha. No races today.
My butt is so tense. Massage it!
DJ Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Beaver Run Chair in 20 min! Its a beautiful day 2 Shred+ Drink + listen 2 good music! Hope 2 C U!!
I am, but I've never heard of it.
just as good a your material...
Nice pic! What did you think of the show?
“When you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re messing with their entire life."
wow dude sounds amazing. We're about to listen right now.
hehe txt me back!
going to pick up the items I bought a the #HuskyStadium sale today! Too bad they lost last night.
Aw. Jealous! But can't wait for the next two weekends :)
Get Austin Mahone verified!
I'd like to be everything. You want hey girl let me talk to you …:)
Giving thanks to Spirit for universal love that cultures our palates ~ palettes with hues of rhythm & blues clues...
nice and foggy out. Perfect time to kill somebody
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all of the time and have the time of your life.
Thanks for Following us, Ben!
Reading on the Rise is great--I like to call it, "How Harry Potter (Really) Saved the World."
STOP alex
dont let it happen again
time for a upgrade in lock and bike ouch
Our honor defend... let's go buckeyes!
Thanks for the following! Nice to know #voiceover artists close to home.
Congrats to Scott/Ross Center for the proclaimation from declaring Community Service Week Oct 17-21!
Mrs. Beasley: yummy rubber bands don't taste like chewing gum.
#ChicagoCubs Fans, be sure to check out Yak-zies after the game! He's amazing!
so jealous of the fucking boys they can get anygirl they want
Stay gold.
is sleepy.
Yeah! Love it when things work out! I believe we are moving in a month!
this week M I'm only off on wensday and and I start late Thursday so I'd have be back in bport around 6ish
Mario's has all the NHL action tonight. $3 absolut drinks 10-13
great show on the yatch. crowd loved it
aw poor baby. <U+2665> but you get to see me in two weeks, so be stoked and smile! love you :-)
Happy Birthday to The Code Man from Have a fantastic day!
RT Q3) I actually try to do this alot; matching seemingly unrelated ideas is a great learning opportunity.
I challenge you to a park off RT: I parallel park like a BOSS <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
hahaha 6 lanes of traffic in-between us is why. Lol. Ill capture the next one. No creep tho.lol #coffeshoppimpin lol
Retweet if you up
Thanks for the the inclusion in HIV+ Daily!
Straight hustlin' can't stop & won't stop¡!¡
Rise ane Grind! Ready to give an Amazing workout this morning in the Hollywood Hills!
i've got a big, new invention for social media. i need to talk to someone or Facebook to see who needs an idea. 122011
Growing up fast
In e-mails between and I, we throw in SEO-friendly keywords for future #gmail search ease. Even though I have 91 labels.
¤ We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are. Tobias Wolff
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Please follow my mangement company THANK YOU!
TAKE A NIGGA ENERGY,MAKE HIS HOE MY ENEMY, HURRY UP AND MONEY ME,PUSSY SWEET I'M HUNNY BEE!
meh.. I could've figured that. Any guess on who goes for Joe?
Good morning!
Hey New Jersey, I'm playing the Black Potatoe Festival THIS SATURDAY at 6pm, in Clinton! Yippee!! www.blackpotatoe.com
but it's Tuesday!
Attention Bands-- I have two prime SXSW showcase slots for Saturday night available - message me for details!
it comes quicker then you'd believe. I'm so excited!
We go a new background! Do you like?
So cool!!!
I'm a wuss when it comes to movies.. #Crybaby lol
The worst people in our lives are our greatest teachers. You can still want to punch them in the head, but learn it, bless 'em, and run!
I'm always angry and I just want to kill someone.
Welcome to NTH, Michael Terry in Grand Rapids, Yazen Shunner in Northville and Chuck Cole in Northville! We're so glad you're on our team.
like 2 bears coming out of hibernation - think of the possibilities!
Spent today working with 11 young bassoonists in Sacramento. Now downloading e-entries for So many talented young players!
Thanks and Love from !
Come on Paul...no love for #Kenseth?! You holding a grudge from Vegas...ha!
#TAGDerby love TAG DERBY!!!
at lest mitt created jobs.obama has created none.not a single job in three years.// more category 5 stupidity
I'll believe it when you ask me to help you move
Random talks with are always fun! Haha caught her off guard :P love you!
hey your girl is doing our radio show June 3rd! can you retweet and tell everyone to come!NY
(mn^-1/5)^-5/3 does it look like i know how to do that? and why would i want to know how to do that?!
RT : For the first time since November 2009, no cable network reaches 100M homes, according to Nielsen
Let's give away a ticket to this Saturday and a $50 gift card to - RT this to be entered to win both!
just tying things up in a pretty bow...should be soon!
WHUT UP BITCHES
Early Flight To NYC To See <U+2708>
- Thanks for the follow, #makeup friend, we are honored!
Erden with a statement dunk.
Having songs you used to sing in chapel stuck in your head...
NIGHT (its 4:16 in the morning!)
You ROCK.
I'm waiting for somebody to ask me how tall I am, so I can respond with, life-size.
Place Ur Heart In The Right Persons Hands And They'll Handle It With Care. The Opposite Will Crush It. Be Careful Where You Place Ur Heart!
Its a win! recaps it all with Spurs Game Night Rewind at 10:30pmCT TUNE IN!
Love that! It takes us all. Without you there is no us!
Love that Shella is on twitter. Tonight I am going to sit her down and try to explain what hashtags mean.
Tweet tweet
#dhtrial The #DesperateHousewives show may soon be over but the trial will be renewed as Nic's attorney Mark Baute says will retry the case.
where you gone be at watching the draft tonight?
I prefer Omnis as a host personally. goo.gl/mxpku
The more I think about it, the more I think I need to travel & actually see what unis are doing & how ppl are living.
we'll have to meet up next week, I'm leaving town tomorrow
Walk on the side of the street with shade, if neither do, turn your hat forward or backwards and keep moving!
I'm about to fall out of my bed. This show is hilarious!
I learned my game at the school of light jostling.
I know! I hate them when it comes to to Austin...
. I'm really inspired by the students at #webslam tonight. #BmoreTech companies need to scoop up this talent pool!
Who said that? I will beat them up, steal their lunch money, and buy you a beer.
:/ I'm hungry
Smoking on dat loud.
Congratulations on completing the #3day!
Off to bar D to see for a second then a quick detour to side bar to see before work! Follow my lead kids! Its worth it
Bro. Mallik, For sure let me know when you're up here! You're chapter brother Iman is up here too...
eBook/eReader Workshop. CyFair Branch. Bring your device & cords and let us help you get the most out of it. Wed. 11:30am...
": Dr Zhou #CDC: routine childhood #immunizations given each year save 42000 lives and $69 billion in societal costs. #PAS2012"
The ear muff protectors are so good I considered getting my wife a pair for Valentines Day.
Loved Tina Fey's women's news ...
11408inc Vs. Common. "If U have a microphone, U can help ppl; I blieve this is my responsibility" --Common
Google Plus is the new social media marketing - Do you agree or disagree?
if I survive this weekend it will be a miracle.
I told you but you don't ever listen until its too late!
Preparing to write another article on dog dental care. Today's subject - dog dental disease. Yes, dogs do get gingivitis.
i am downloading a video so i can use it in a video. thing is it won't load. :P
Have a great night
Let me go home, I'm just too far from where you are, I wanna go home.
dad's at work, mom's sleep, lil bro is sleep, lil sis at my aunts house ...... im the only one up & at home lol
True! One day of ranting and being all Emo on twitter, and I feel so much better.
Really fucking tired of my friends.
I just need to stand in the street and throw out twenties.
Saturday night we return to Sean O' Callaghan's to rain destruction upon boring bar music.
more like matt choke-bert, Brendan Harris his ass to the minors
About 5,000 fans in the stands at media day. Brady was great.
WHEN R U...AND UR PRETTY MOMMY COMMING UP 2 BOSTON'S LORD & TAYLOR? ME AND MY DADS WANNA COME MEET U BOTH...!!
lol ill have it fixed by tonight
#NP - Bleeding Love
will you shoot me some 'hockey day' pics for web??
Follow back?:)
naw, just saying that is the nuggets were smart they would have wrapped this up by now. dont give threes, foul.
I got a new cut hahah see if y'all like it
Sleep mode ... Slaving for white people 8:30 to 5 tomorrow.
Thanks for following us PoochiCouture! Love your website! We're launching soon, so stay tuned!!!
I'm awake with insomnia if that makes you feel any better :) safe flight!
Life is pain... Anyone that says otherwise is selling something.
Why are there so many freaking cats in my neighborhood???
yea wat about
We got that SWAg sauce like drippin SWAgu!!!
will 12-4 be enough time?
Off to work I go! Day 7 in a row now!.
Best team name "Stop the War on My Rack"
He wasn't down. Niner ball unless refs on dole
Hemp for Victory!
#djio As a community, we all have a part to play in working to reduce info overload for each other.
That test was not a dreadful as anticipated.
Unfortunately in Austin the rent conversion is more like AUS good 1-bdrm = SFO crappy studio, not SFO parking spot, but still...
No don't do it. Please don't do it.
As I've come to think of many of those kids at south: poor dumb kid. Those kids were basically brainwashed.
Um. Heck yes. RT super-stoked for this. RT Writing new stuff.
If there are, capture one for me! Please!
that's a dope instagram pic...
Thank you <U+E106>
They normally say 8-10 weeks for a Sat. They told me May 5 was booked 2 months ago. Was hoping to make it my graduation dinner.
I think got me sick. I don't know how but I know he did >:/ lol I feel like a zombie. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Caught Justin Gary's presentation at #paxdev last night. Looking forward to seeing and rest of #ascension team today.
I feel so close to you right now <3
You're the mistake I knew I was taking.
your so welcome handsome :)
Who has inspired you today? Whom have you inspired?
We're talking Prom horror stories with tonight! 222-9800 to share yours of text us 69822! It's getting juicy!
Hope Vernon Davis gets some time on dedicated #curling ice next week before the #Packers beat the 49ers next week.
are you at mayberry's?
looks way more enticing than that excel spreadsheet
im so close i can taste it!!! 1000 followers is only 86 people away!!!
<-- Thx for the mention!!
THEN ITS ON!
Sitting by mom watching Justin* Me- IMPREGNATE ME! Mom- -.-
baby boy you shine just like a star
NEVER MIND I'll FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU!! Adele's singing is just BEAUTIFUL! <333
Finally getting through my analog Netflix stack with The Great Escape. They seem to really not want to say that they're held by Nazis.
I will!
ah yes... that one crazy bitch everyone hates
GO TO BED!!!!!!! OHMYGOD ASHLEY MARIE LEAVE HIM ALONE.
Watching the hunger game. This movie beast !!
Today is a much needed day of beauty - facial, pedicure, manicure....what do you do when you need to recharge?
"GOD first, FAMILY second, MONEY third..yall can have that bullshit"
It's a groovy day. :)
with my bestriend kellyn c': I LOVE HER MORE then a alien loves all of the stars in the galaxy <3
bwa-hahaha! Some things are better left unsaid!
Dry periods of your life are design for you to use your creativity to manage what he's given you. So don't lose hope. Rain is on the way!
We're getting reports from our friends at that the #Phish party is in full effect...Cheers to a Phantastic weekend!
Thanks, Kelly! Just need to write a paper for a course on the Global Novel and then find a job. No big deal, ha!
I don't think I wanna go to NIU anymore. I wanna live downtown and follow my dreams and passion in the art/photography field.
Tom Waits - Goin' Out West - 08:47 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
this! >> : Bears fans, don't forget to vote for Aaron Rodgers for this years Madden Curse!
I voted against helping bully victims defend themselves! Don't hold it against me!
Do any of you sleep with a sleep mask? If so is it comfortable?.
Kasey is married and is a christian missionary.
you can get as SIM as you want - the question is how far do people want to take it. ill be the guy that takes it all the way
the guy with the purple sticker thing almost stole that one though. for some reason people take mine seriously
Knock knock! Wake up, Scotty! The people of Wisconsin have some questions. Hello? Heeeeeeelo?!
Omg im actually smilin at my goodnight text...i love dat shit
Huge!! needs to work on them free throws #slightwork RT : Huge win!
Haha, I love how Ryan Seacrest won't turn around now during interviews so you can't see his dirty jacket ;)
Thanks for the note... I will be in Rio and then São Paulo (Campinas)...with a stop at Paraty on the way to Campinas.
While leaving the office everyone was getting out of #Avengers. That was so
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
is a such a GR8 place to visit! We may have to host a ConnectionArtist night this year!
too. much. harmonizing. can't. breathe.
Good day everyone! beautiful day for a park ride in a bit, major projects waiting :)
Thank God it's NOT the flippin' Black Eyed Peas.
First day at new job! Going well! :)
Thanks for a fun, loud and "Jiggly Caliente" night! Luv and appreciate you all *MUAH*
How'd you score tickets to such an awesome conference?
That's all, folks! I'm winded from hearing everyone pack so much into 1.5 hours. Q&A now.
About to be off and get this second workout in! #woop!
i feel like the qirl at the bar whos been there to lonq .
#freshmanyeartaughtme Pennsylvania is not at all similar to MD!!
I'm so silly, I made a big deal out of getting a cool dress for my graduation and I never ended up getting one.
Piqué to team Honduras: "I don't need three of them." Worst ball wrack of WC2010?
I have a loooka like?
I think she was suggesting I should know the name of the park or something.
Just chilling in my dorm for today until dinner!
Just one of those days...
ALWC at 1030 this morning! We are ending the fast and kicking off ENCOUNTER WEEK! Don't miss it!
RT: All 1.4 million of our customers are currently without power.
Thanks girl!!
O ur talkin to me? U must have mistaken me for someone who gives a fuck
If you're a boy, what would satisfy you the most everyday? Beautiful Women or Delicious Foods ?
So good to see at #DSum12! Haven't seen u since Neverland. ;)
Hello hello! It's a chilly morning here in Seattle. Hope you guys have a great day.
#ngce Milton Pedraza from Luxury Institute is a very good speaker.
classic underrated Dr. John. It's the b-side to Right Place Wrong Time
Remembering how GOOD, Justin Timberlakes's - "What Goes Around..." is who JAM!
I dont think destroyed comes close to describing this weekend
At this point I feel sorry for Pat Bowlen. Denver Broncos need to give everyone some hope and play Tim Tebow.
Gotta tape a feature film audition! Only bummer is my trusty reader is out of town. :( Who wants free lunch to read/film with me?! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
At my first library conference...lots of exciting ideas
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
Is #Santorum despicable - dishonest - dangerous - to anyone with a mind - Taliban like?
Performing at Arsenal Bowling Lanes in Lawrenceville tonight. That's a good time, that is.
Why don't you buy some originality?
you are so british!! In America we say movies
Just Came From Soccer Practice We Got Big Game Coming Next Week And I Got To Be Better For It.
S/O TO LETS GET IT FAM! 2012 FLASHFLOOD
Does boozer have any fans????? lbvs
Hope you had a great day<333 Love you!(: Goodnight xox<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
You don't like my hair!!! Well you can go crawl in a ditch!
That was a gift from Berd.
have you seen asa hotels for san juan? Gorgeous! I m bringing the fam.
thanks but I've already passed it on; it was on a rushed deadline
What do you love most about #physical #therapy?
Watching Teen choice awards tonight yay Hoping to see on my tv
did any of the pics I took if you turn out??
aww im glade to be part of that list:)
- Say hello to the Pittsburghers for me!
I like it....better the the box with small hole...now mass market it, please!
Yes I'll take you to the Whistler for multiple rounds of amazing cocktails & then we'll join the degenerates at the Owl. That's how I roll.
Nothing Nothing
Viola is making us feel pretty great about our meaty arms and natural waves.
#RepubicanFashionWeek is not over yet folks! Mitt Romney just got GlitterBombed!
Hotter than hell outside! #Love #Texas weather :)
I spy and at the same lunch table
Eminem more faster than my Internet Connect.
I can't wait until the Olympics this year. :) It's gonna be awwwessoooomeeeeeee. I love so many of the summer sports.
Ok I'm up lets do this!
Thanks for coming in this am. Hope race went well - loved the outfits!
plotting and planning getaways
done it. Be strong!
I'm shy. By doing a bit of investigating on you might find me. I confirm or deny nothing.
Thx. Ended up using pageManager.getContainingPage(hit.getResource()); to get tags from QB result & made a helper to get info
I finally got Snow Leopard, and thus the App store of macs. Any recommendations?
I am never awake in the morning.
Yes boo I say BOTH! lol
Too funny that #ZacBrown was sporting a solo cup at the CMAs... so jealous you live up there!
Planning some things out and so excited to learn my placement for ASM
I approve of anything having to do with Rhinestones.
nope just a scrap phone til next week....
As a writer don't be afraid to be the master of your own little universe. it might seem stupid or petty. But that story is yours.
Can't sleep
fun fact of the day: The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terrabytes.
So long as there is breath in me, that long I will persist. For now I know one of the greatest principles on success; if I persist long e...
The 1st sentance that i write is always a fragment
Very thankful for today's Women’s Lunch & Reflection series at MU Faber Center! What a great lunch event!
what's good fam
Any ideas on a good flash converter for #iPad? Looked at Wallaby/Smokescreen/Skyfire.Wallaby seems to send image to rt corner? Thanks
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
Putting in some work, before going to work....don't forget I'm hosting at tonight from 11-1. College night, 18+ w
what up sir!!!
Sounds like great intro 2 : from nonpartisan leading Oct9 teach-in @ 3pm - Where Wall St $ ends up on K St
Simply beautiful outside..enjoyed great walk on the Mall..lots of tourists. DC is a great city!
My birthday is getting closer and closer :-)
Experience the very specific existential dread of realizing your bus is going the wrong way.
Agree. The article even talked about how important is to teach tech skills at an early age.
#Music is my drug! I love it, need it, and want it 24/7! :)
Finally booked a flight using Love the clean, simple interface, and the "wifi-enabled" tags are reason to come back.
the Red Cross is actually here now assisting.
Congratulations Driver!
time to follow ME! :)
do who ever you want you mean? ;)
I need my fix.
Might as well come to Chicago since everyone else is here for #NATO!
Weather does seem a bit confused this morning. :) RT : Hmm.. weird weather this morning..
i wanna new tat.!! :D thinkking about it
Instead of election returns, watching documentary about life of painter Alice Neel. Less depressing.
Less than two weeks into my school year at the University of Washington, I have read 3 textbooks and studied more than ever before!
#nzt its a special thing I take almost everyday with breakfast. There will be some at this party tonight in Prospect Heights.
"Openness is a two way street." C. Grant
Thank you so much for the well-wishes. I am thrilled! :)
Haha. I hear ya. I've been married for 3 years. Still only have dogs. You're young. Enjoy it!!!
Denver is looking beautiful today! It's 68 and sunny. Wednesday weather forecast says 30 degrees?
The Great State Roadshow will be in the #Houston area today thru the 14th, head to a location and see what you can find!...
I believe "Who Dat" will be surprised!!!
I wanna dance with somebody, I wanna feel the heat with somebody, YEAH I wanna dance with somebody, with somebody who loves me!
what is the creative structure inside google. and how big was the team that worked on this redesigb #
Thanks so much for listening!! New album in the works for spring/summer.. cheers!
yes, exactly!
watch out for low fences.
I wish.
So looking forward to it. Know nada about the teams but can't wait to pick ones to root for & ones to cheer against.
Nice! RT The entire team is editing our online store! Not much longer and will be an online store to ...finally!Cheers!
#TheWorstFeeling Being heartbroken
Let meh run ya bath water so yu kno its REAL...
Boring Sundayss :P BUt yesterday was fun:D
My hubby just told me that he wants to decorate his own bathroom. What the heck??!!! I LOL'd. Shouldn't have, but I did!
Hanging in Harlwem for a few
Watching the phillies and there new Of Hunter Pence !!!
It is not ok for a man to use a woman for her time and body.
Help desk replaced my L key, using super glue, bits of rubber, and help-desky magic. Yay!
#ghettoremedies when i used to have the hiccups my uncle used to punch me in the chest hard as fuck.........hell it worked
"Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear make up; and boys lie"
sounds very CCT to me! Good luck with it. I went the class/portfolio route instead. Still working on that last paper though.
My goodness. What was it like?
Yes, Green Dove is located in San Diego. If you get the chance to come down I'd check em out for sure.
what's good brother..
Depends...Was it a nipple twist?
Brewers average attendance in 1995? 13,427. New stadiums, structures, revenues & winning help. Let's remember this, Milwaukee!
Puttin' in work. Recording/Producing a song through iChat. Technology's dope!
Hi Mr. Thompson, so delightful meeting you tonight! Hopefully next time you see me I won't be in a boot, haha! xo! JenR
My night is ruined....
It is not about the things you have in your life,its the people you have in your life....
Woke up to this text: "Sorry I tried to undress you on your porch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>" - Long Islands are a bitch!
you're welcome to guest post on my blog anytime!
RT : lunch meeting with talkin PR *Thanks so much you two...LOVED chatting with you! LOVE your #music!
im not, cuz i will be sneaking off while uncle entertains them.lol
iHop customers = interesting local characters
Half the time ANB has no entry on the person I'm looking up
See? You're already curious. We win. ;)
I just logged into the site successfully. Are you still having trouble?
Sometimes I am floored by how infinitely weird the 60's were. My invisible, non-existant soul must have begged my Dad to buy Hendrix albums.
Like for real.. Let me bask in my glory.. Shit.. I deal with reality everyday.. Don't need u to fuck it up for me
Sure, no problem!
Free tanning is the best kind of tanning
Wake up bra. Time ta win. Dat iz if these waffles are ever ready.
man. Gonna be fun though! I'm from the West Coast, these will all be new spots (aside from DC and NY)
Is it weird I want to go on #survivor just for the weight loss and tan?
It's amazing that they're making two epic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
Deer Web site design * Pony Internet website marketing : Home ...
yeah I had to wash it off!
Madonna. M.D.N.A. Cannot wait.
lmao your kindergarten teacher taught you well! But I still don't get how she managed to do something like that.
and the team is.... SOUTH AFRICA
RT : Special thanks to and and everyone who joined us last night for an awesome #mediachat on #youmatter!
WBEZ must have missed some budget numbers. These extra-curricular pledge days are killing me!
Hi! Im SO excited to see you tomorrow night in Denver at City Hall!!!! :-)
Gov Patrick speaking about state budget proposal (not transportation specific)
Probably? Certainly.
Teachers rock.
Those who say local news is all bad news should tune into KGW right now. Trust me. has a story that will change your mind
Wow Buccaneers where are your cajones? No way I'm getting embarrased like this on national TV. That's game!
- Obama lost in WV yesterday to a federal inmate. The inmate received 41% of the vote. A FEDERAL INMATE!!
Just finished two hours of being taped for the documentary " 8 Broken Hearts " directed by Sam Hurwitz. I am spent emotionally...........
who's number are you tweeting now?! ;]
At Opa. They're mashing up Cruel Summer and Good Feeling. That shit cray.
- missing you and your family! and western Mass!
Sob sob sob.
Good morning #CROchat, watch out I got a large coffee today.
Voter registration training, sorority meeting and "setting it off" with my sisters...it has been quite a day already!
Okay, things are looking up. I might be in my house before 9!
The #N9 office-tools document viewer gets stuck on large PDFs, so I ended up using imagemagick to covert each page to a JPG.
Stevenson Funny Quote of the DayFood is an important part of a balanced diet
#HelpingHayes my heart goes out to the family. You are in my prayers tonight. RIP.
My computer says 76 degrees, I'm outta here.... Go find a park, try a bike trail, GET OUTSIDE!
Watching at 2 a.m. :D
stop playin give her my #
Theres this typa voice that I fuckin go nuts over when I hear females that have it
Thank you :)!
Happy new year everyone!
you should follow me! :)
I did see something on fb about u being in the hospital...dang right after your bday huh
oh he is.
that he could of cared less about our friendship
#ItsHardTo stay awake in school...
Heading out to local boîte that has new menu w/"Brussels Chips." Huzz is scared. I am excited.
You go, Garfield! RT : Nothing lasts forever... Except whatever is in the back of the refrigerator.
shoot us a note at , we can get you something.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 19
Will you make my birthday amazing by following or tweeting me? Please? :D
Candy canes!!! Yum
Hey.... what's going on?
returning my books is going to be a fucking fiasco.
hey this is great
A best friend is like a four leaf clover: hard to find and lucky to have
STFU you little troll.
please follow me austin <3
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Moving back to Memphis. Got most of everything moved back last night. Will go back to Nashville tomorrow to get the rest. Moving sucks!!!
I am psyched to see what these Silicon Valley entrepreneurs make of your quaint academic notions!
okay. i get it you don't like me... is that how it is? lol :( <|3 NOTICE ME? its been like days maybe a week even ;(
Woot! Have an awesome time!
early morning student...Good actress..Show business..Od time right now. Waiting to get the "GOOD" news on my series.
I'll check it out. Thanks!
Girl , your such a whore . Just because a guy likes your ass doesn't make you 'popular' .
“: I hate the nba.” die
I forgot what winter looks like.
Calling all corn hole players! Enter our tournament and win awesome prizes! TOMORROW- 6 Degrees happy hour (5:30) at Field House Canton!
how do you know what a brats doll looks like?
Unfortunate library flow
you mean smoothie as in margaritas, right?
I dont like 2 sleep alone but no1 cares 2 try. ill have to stop thinking all the things I've always wanted are going 2 come true
Gay guys are always the hottest . -__-
Together, we can save G+
#aiip12 Getting Things Done w/ Marcy Phelps Evernote not sticky notes
I need to go back to sleep!!!
thought this was going to be about JC Brooks ;)
Just talked to my leasing agent. About time to go #LoganSquare apt hunting again! Very excited.
thank you for the RTs! Have a great day :)
i dont think beautiful is a compliment anymore now everyones saying everyone and everythings beautiful. k well not everyones attractive
coalitional politics was baking the dna of asian american panethnicity.... daryl maeda
I do! And i love him more haha
It's dinner time! Come out to Potomac Pizza on Falls/river road!
O :/ Happy Birthdayy To Her. Manyy Wishes . Shes In A Great Place:)
Yardley's voice right now <<<<<
Portland G Raymond Felton will miss Tues. game vs OKC for family reasons. He is expected to return for Thurs. game vs New Orleans.
Im da shit manuer pampers hang wit trappers all dau..nigga like me want letcha suffer,killas want turn u n to SUE FLAY!!!
haha I'm more of a 2.5lb kind of guy
Some think it's holding on that makes one strong; sometimes it's letting go. -- Sylvia Robinson
Teams recognize the Orioles' weaknesses at third base. They aren't hesitant to lay down a bunt.
no biggie
Thanks! Actually, I've been in less hospitable places than NY and won. So, we shall see. ;)
whoops ... shoulda warned ya.
That was a good try!
This is my first time in Pedro. Welcome!
What happened to ? Miss , too.
"lobbyists shouldn't dictate public policy."
i follow please send justin my name please thanks!!
Lots of new shit coming out real soon, this rare music takes time
We salute and thank all the veterans who have served our country! Thank you for all that you do!
Oh, we SO agree, Mr. Mad Man. RT I know I'm an ad man, but why do the commercials have to be so damn loud???
are you coming to hang out tomorrow
The dude that says "GET MONEY" is always the poorest ahaha
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>I hope that it heals fast and healthy wish all the best Daniel
Cyclist friends I need to invest in a pump. Do you have any recommendations or advice on what to steer clear of? Floor, hand, or CO2 pump?
volunteering to work on Labor Day... great idea lauren
Learn about the heart-healthy benefits of Cocoa in the new issue of with , inspired by the Kuna!
Public drunkenness, violence, and property damage...are these really the things we think of when we think of the Irish?
i wuldnt of fit any way its cute though
my mistake i ment titanic 2 it sucks in my opionion but i wanna c the first one
hey I love the title of the album, hope you're having a ball, be safe, see you soon...
So I meddled about in CafePress and created a Don't Vote Republican T-shirt. If you so dare...
lol he's 24 jerk off and Im only 28. I got him into the show 4 or 5yrs ago.
of course! We are at riverfront.
#coffee now.
Hi, my name is Rhena, and I'm a Shopaholic. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
no what are they?
they ignore the red flags because it may be easier than facing immediate loneliness
ha! Bless their hearts.
I just hung out with the cutest fucking couple, Mark & Saul, fuck I was 3rd wheel but damn it was worth it just to be in their presence.
Miss Whitney Houston...."I Will Always Love You!" Your voice was one of grace, power, and pure beauty! May you RIP.
I truly don't think there's anything wrong with polygamy involving honest and willing participants. #GroupLove ... but ...
but i really am excited and kinda nervous :p
yeah! Lol we were in the white sequoia.
:i do the same in the bathroom & my friends do the same to so who ever says its ghetto can go to hell:))
I pick the first three :D
The Eta chapter stands behind our Vanderbilt brothers
can't wait to wake up to the drunk tweets!!!
OMG .. we did all this work and now they not answering the phone?!?!?!?!
It's funny how you call Dani and Dick low lifes but call Paris Hilton and Rachel and Brendon cute and sweet people?
Must be doing something right, I just heard you sigh
Putin "won" in Russia. Looks like all the predictions I made that I don't want to happen are going to be the correct ones.
My dad just pisses me off.
haha. You never know :)
Missing someone... Or maybe I'm just being silly...either way your on my mind
Cannot sleep.
So the one hit wonder is arguing with ?? Lls...
Praying for everyone in harms way with the storms and aftermath.
I feel you needed a little knowledge from me we haven't spoken in a minute, I can't give you too much over twitter though..Lol
Thanks for the Fruit Tree Sale shout out! We're getting ready now and there is a lot of good stuff!
Doesn't your relationship deserve some attention? Everything you need from exotic vacation getaways to flowers & gifts. www.FreeXpedia.com
now don't get me wrong I love pussy but ill praise weed b4 I praise pussy
what up LP dogg
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
Dont lie about how "you met mgk lastnight." You live in cleveland, hes on tour. Pretty sure i know more about than you .
Classical music helps you study better and remember more! "Who Let the Dogs Out!" by the Baja Men! doesn't!
So, there aren't many residential houses in Chinatown, but here's one that was renovated from commercial space. Amazingly awesome....
Having a "wiener-ific" time with and other fabulous people.
Thanks, Mary!
RT/°Much love to She loves all of her fans and her cd is awesome! The best I've heard in a long time.
And wallpaper.
Good night world... I go back to work again tomorrow. New job new adventures new life new times new age new morning... let the sun shine in
I knew I'd see a Spongebob tweet from you today. I don't know how, I just knew it.
RT : sits on pole for today's SuperBike main event Moto Jam! Weather is great, come on out!
(: I'm staying over right ?(:
RT : "The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious." ~ John Sculley
Good luck to anyone taking their last final(s) today! #summerisalmosthere!
you are awesome. thanks for the retweet love.
#beenthinkinrandomly i need to travel more! Time to save my moneys!! ;) $$$ lol
sure. I look forward to sharing ideas.
Pray for Haitians. It's devastatingly horrific. Caotic.
your tweets are soo sweet..<3 They make my day better..<3
You're still planning on making the jello syringe shots, right? Do you need me to help...
- ohh yess!! & I miss you too girl!
Joffrey is one sick bastard...
Saturday night in the library! The life of a law student.
I'm tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> ugh
hah yeah it was interesting for me xD
Bought my new laptop as soon as my old b magically get broken cause Michelle know not to be broke
Take a ride on a Jetski Tuesday!
Thanks for catching our mistake. "No cars in my household" has now been added to the survey. , FYI
Good luck finding 4 leaf clovers.
Interesting article in latest College English about the ethics of naming administrators in published research about writing programs.
I am with you!!! If Sleigh Bells sold out I would actually be able to get them somewhere on the Radio!! See you at SXSW soon!
These storms better hold off
Beautiful! I like La Muerte a lot.
Commercials with talking babies creep me out.
Your argument is invalid.
[waving fist in air] Damn you sweet, sweet juniper and wheat flour!
The sunrise was beautiful. Happy Easter and Passover! May your smile shine today. Cheers.
you liked it?:)
I want some! I want some!
Eccolo Media study: 83% stated the embedding video or audio in written content positively affected the overall influence of the article.
Friday night - sample the Serie A Malbec from Argentina at the & Indy Wine Fest. This wine rocks!
I'll add you to the list.
My thighs look like baby whales omg.
Each of the three catalogers opens a new TC approximately every 5-7 days. It really depends on how much "stuff" is inside.
Belated #FF thx to - you make us blush :)
Lol yeah they both ae great they are def in my top 10!
Holy shit! I just went & read it. Someone's a bit touchy! It was my first Flogging Molly show. Couldn't have been more thrilled.
Take #chocolate to your New Year's party! It's a better party-starter than #champagne any day. We're open till 11 PM tonight.
Totally forgot it was #Pulitzer day. Thanks, for the reminder!
Ice cream cones at 3 a.m. With my boys and
we need more followers! please retweet!!!
Now watching Game of Thrones
Thinking about teaching in South America? Hiring season just started! Do you know how to get jobs there?
sorry to hear you're having trouble. Can we help?
oh man you're in for it. I guess that means she likes you!
Hi Susan! Thank you for the RT! <U+263A>
calls us today at 11 on
see you in a few hours. Don't forget to tell everyone that's coming to bring their phones/cameras.
consider it packed.
awww! Thank you!
Ocean Clinic March 27th.Call office to register 310.390.5700. 1st hour will be @ LMU pool then grab your wetsuit and drive down to the beach
Pretty sure we won't be having THAT exotic of food at
I love youu ! Your like my twin,... always smiling !
Issue No. 6 features stories on #humantrafficking, #HealthySF and stories from news partners , and
cute picture! We hope you're having a wonderful time. :)
Yes! Long live Portland writers!
If you love someone you would be willing to give up everything for them, but if they loved you back theyd never ask you to.
WOULD YOU FOLLOW ME OR NO WELL IF YOU DO I FOLLOW BACK AND WE BE FRIENDS ;)
Better not be talking about me!
yea I'm very surprised I'm happy though.
Just saw Dismemberment Plan. They ruled. Played all my jams. I spent cab fare home on a T-shirt.
uses the DC flag in a fun way as part of their logo. Two rolling pins and three stars.
work. I have no social life for the month of may :( but I need to make time for you!!! Miss my babes
They are towing cars on Drew & Milam. Observe street signs before you park folks. Being gangster and acting like you don't care is stupid.
I can't wait til tomorrow ;D
If we don't know life, how can we know death
Dance til the world ends? Of course!
Good question. RT : How close to do the Steelers have to get before they trust Suisham?
I'm all for sexy....but make sure its not Scott that is doing it!! haha
Come say hello to our editor Enat Sidi at and Rachel at , great festivals which start tmrw!
You look like an inbred shoe salesman
There is a bat in and room
Agree! RT "If the shoe fits, buy it in every FUCKING color."
:) now I need to figure out what kind of cake I want
Think about doing a fee acoustic songs some time next week live on stickam. It's been a while.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I always yell "NO MORE JAIL!" right before i step on the bus to leave.
thanks man!
I love pepperoni!
um no. do you have a skype? i will SHOW you the extent of the ratchetness of this video
ugh!!! Jealous I wa By it right
Thanks Babe :>)
I hate it when you just don't get the respect you want back.
lmao! No they don't.
The graduating men of Bonhoeffer are: Wesley Adjei, , Jonathan Irwin, (Burk Ohbayashi), and Andrew Rogers!
the one thing I hate about summer is the bees. i hate them.
Good to meet you too, nice pic! ;)
I'm in the middle of drawing an homage to the picture book "I want my hat back" but with Bork and a sammich
A happy marriage is a matter of give and take; the husband gives and the wife takes.
WH talking point: "we make it absolutely clear that we are talking about civil marriages & civil laws. This isn't a federal issue"
One last time happy birthday
Check my people and they got some sick shirt to match kicks
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of the 8.9 earthquake and its aftermath.
There's no place else I could be, but here in your arms.
Yes. I will be the dick. HAHAHA
Raburn will the designated window shopper tonight
no more braces.!(:
Gonna test the limits tonight
What do you think of Portland gettin u a young PG in the draft? Maybe Kendall Marshall? Maybe a center such as Tyler Zeller?
Brand new F150's can be anywhere from $20k - $40k. 2005's are no where near $20k. He'd be lucky to get $50k WITH signatures.
I'd just like to point out that 's picture is cute.
it's unlikely but it's how my mock went.If there is run on the defensive linemen and corners it could happen.Let's hope it does
: nice spot! welcome to DC!
He's gonna feel stupid when he watches tape and sees KG destroying him. KG's loving it so he's only fueling the other team.
Her editor says "she has as much drive and integrity as any journalist I've ever met." says: "There's no other way."
I want a girl single is boring
Aww Boodle, I'm in Frankfort or I would!
Ppl are funny to me that's y I stay to myself to many fakes so when I make this next move don't be like I used to know him now he big time
"You don't seriously think you're perfect, do you?" "Not on the outside, not the inside, but in my mind." sorry. but I'm perfect, k?
Hey, gym....yo' mama!!! Great workout this morning. #ain'tnobodyplaying
However.. I don't care much of it.. I enjoy that my life keeps you entertained.
Thanks for hosting at City Hall this afternoon. We really enjoyed it!
I can only hope this means you got me a present for each day!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
I rarely talk to her . But everytime we are alone . We'll talk bout lot of things
yes it is an how I cant wait to get wasted
*cue circus music*
Anyone have tips for how to sleep in the same room with someone who snores loudly?
When a man opens the car door for the women one thing is for sure. Either the car is new or the woman is.
I'm now a card-carrying member of the Dill Pickle Club in Portland, and eating pickles make my eye twitch.
RT : Half Way there! Tired already? I wish that work from home moms had a #Hump Day. It's seems we're always workinganyway.
btw, name of the bad dude at the end: Darksied.
u have got to be the funniest person on twitter
Twinkle twinkle little bitch, I hope you fall into a ditch ;)
We're settling in for the evening. Thankful for this day-Great trip drawing us closer to loved ones...visiting with dad Sun.
That party last night was awfully crazy I wished we taped it
m just a small taste :)
Seagram 7 and finding a 2 liter in my fridge of Ginger Ale OH HELL YEAH
mine seem fine...
That's *kickball*, of course.
So, Stephen Sondheim is coming to Vegas in July for a speaking engagement. He is bringing Christine Ebersole to sing. Cue
You inspire me.
Thanks Virginia! Have a great weekend.
That's more of a shade, no?
Movie legend Anthony Quinn's actor son has died after suffering an apparent heart attack on Friday night.
i missed all of you<3
lol! Man, I never go away. I'm always here.
WHY IS EVERYONE IN MY SISTERS GRADE THAT MY SISTER DOESNT EVEN LIKE FOLLOWING ME. PLEASE GO AWAY
Just got in a MTG restock! Innistrad, 2012, Dark Ascension are now in stock!
After body pump yesterday I can't do much more than stretching and doing laps.
Thanks for tweeting out the
following back!
thats the first time anyone has ever replied to my tweet!
Yes, definitely! Let me know what works for you!
no problem I like to give credit where credit is due. You seem pretty awesome I like artist who talk to there followers.Props
waiting on you my my G
We are so happy is sponsoring our festival. With this #DC weather we need nice cold beer!
Nice way to wake up. She looks great.
Not even watching Desperate Housewives. WTF.
@ NewVox working on some last minute details for tomorrows show, when... hunger struck. Want 2 Pete's Hotdog, its like coming home. GOOD!
LOL @ all these teams resting their Top 3 players. Where did they get such a BRILLIANT IDEA?!
About to get on this mix tape...... #truth#
I still love
KICKED ASS
Great to be in such fabulous company!
RIP Jim Mandich
part 3 please
is tweeting about vial crimpers and is all about inspiration and innovation points. Standard day of work.
we'll all be there for Clemm's birthday too
Why replace Pacsun with a Lego store? ..No just no
how about I come visit and we frolick around seattle in all the gay bars?!
"I spit hot fiyah!"
High school security <<<<<< COME ON NOW YOU NOT EVEN A REAL POLICE OFFICER
I want soupy
hey follow on all ur accounts plz , she a friend in real life
..WOWOWOWOW congrats ..looking forward.
happy birthday sweetie
I really Needa <U+2702>
"this assault will be devastating and will have no impact on getting our economy back on track"
That's all for now! ...Can you tell my coffee is kicking in? :)
*breaks TV*
Who is excited for Heaven with ?
Do the Seahawks like to reach in drafts or is it just me?
Good morning!!
Bout to hit the hay
RT : “: Its going down tonight in San Antonio TX @ endless music!!” << ENDLESS MUSIC TONIGHT FOLKS !!!
": how?" Found guilty
Now the proud sponsor of Miss Hunt County!
So this is the Twitter update all the cool kids got before me? Not too bad. Better than riding a bike down a bumpy street w/ a missing seat.
except my street had "insufficient data". I had to settle for 352 College Avenue SE
Investor, Agency, Lender, and MI Updates
Actually, those comments came from spouses. The mostly male audience was more interested in, well, baseball...:)
When I had my electronic baby, I sewed her clothes and bought her a Halloween outfit.
Looking at #ABAchat from last night. Sorry I couldn't make it. Great info. re: #ethics & #ABA thanks for facilitating
I heard we're the best. Just kidding, but we've got awesome customer service. You should check out our inventory.
This 49ers defense is unreal.
It's Chicago Craft Beer Week #CCBW! Who doesn't love a good Beer #Belly? is celebrating with $4 pints of
"love means never having to say you're sorry." That makes no sense.
this sat!
I Hope 1 Of These Days We Bump Into Each Other In The City :D you know i live here and you live here so there is a good chance!
I got the last ticket!!! Woot woot
: Absolutely! What kind is it? haha
I hate people.
Now that State Farm is offering teleportation with their service I'm considering switching ...
AT WORK IM A CHEF SLASH HOSTESS TUNITE.... IMA BAD CHICL, IN DA KITCHEN
love u gals! Had a lot of fun tonight.
Let's just say that I'm having a very successful Victoria's Secret experience ;) x
Will be reading Hunger Games in one sitting tomorrow in order to take daughter to movie on Sunday-- can't wait to read this!
Ah yes, but what does it cost in terms of one's own soul to write a book about SEO?
Much appreciated! We plan to bring the film back to toronto in the fall so follow us!
Lazy Sunday? We hope your Thursday won't be too! Get here 5/17 for Donna Frost at 9pm! $5 and a great show!
I want to walk away from the TV, but I can't seem to do it...
We're watching Australian baseball. Who should we cheer for?
can you just stop and peace out? Lol.
Discovered that Boy Meets World is on ABC Family when I get ready for work, made mornings SO much better
Don't expect too much from me, and I won't let you down.
thats funny! Im jealous!Theirs are bomb!
I miss the "GoodMorning babe" and "GoodNight babe" texts...:/
Tweet me if you want a foolow back (:
I only have 5 classes why are u failling out 3 out of ur 7 classes?
I miss you too sis :-)
My phone is growing a butt crack.
I made a Grilled Cheesus...haha :)
wowww and it consisted of you playing brick breaker the whole time
Both hands!! totally surrendered.
wow its been a while but anyway follow this dude he is a rising star he rocks
omfg you're amazing
music is a universal language <U+262E>
I don't get baby urges, I get house-buying urges. And puppy urges.
You mean I've been wasting time adding commas to my numbers in my acct lab when I didn't need to? I blame wileyplus.
Feather 1:38 - In the mind goes meat. Out the mind goes ground belief.
Happy late St. Patty's day!!! Sorry, I've been out of the twitter loop lately!!!
They loved it!
Coffee smells like freshly ground heaven. ~Jessi Lane Adams
im at a bachelor party right now fuck pizza hahaha
“The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures.” Tagore
To much hatred now days.
y'all should come to my show thursday
Here i was thinking you'd left me alone for good lol silly me
They just panned to rocking his on the sidelines
indeed indeed indeed...
facial hair, or rather some stubble, classic goes with the weather! xo. Had this conversation about an hour ago.
One Direction would be the band. The question: Harry, will you go to prom with me in April?
does VIP to the big time summer tour include meetingg yu? :)
Greinke says he like #milwaukee.says Mark A is best owner in baseball.. Still no agent.wouldn't tip his hand on contract extension .
who hasn't watched avengers yet?
“ baby you know i love you too <U+2665>” i know boo <3
let's get it!
I hope she trends<3
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -
Still says no :(
Looking forward to speaking at tonight on the campus! See you there!
looks like a great article she is a good writer
it went well! Had fun! Thanks lovely.
Macaroni Kid is sponsoring Hwang's Kickin' It For Kids Taekwondo Extravaganza on March 24th. Ticket sales benefit Kosair's. Not to...
You must have been born on a highway cuz thats where most accidents happen
is that n Nigeriean Naira Lehman Brothers European Mezzanine Leverage Ltd. Listing 4 take Bus. plan courses need JV ptrs.
": I am gonna go out on a limb here and say there won't be much handshaking going on after this game..." Lmao I think I agree!
It's NFL draft week, folks. Get excited!!!
You never know what you have....until you clean your room. . .
you jelly?
EVERYONE WATCH MTV EMINEM's movie is on !!! U GOTTA LOVE
Thanking God for the morning...even though I'm tired and groggy today, I'm still happy to be alive and thankful for God's blessings! -Dave
Follow me maybe?
Ha! Loving Idol this yr. I have a couple favorites already!
We'd love if you used 1000memories to share those shoeboxes of photos with family, once you get them all scanned!
Awesome! PS, I'm a Camille Rose Garcia fan, too. Actually have a tat of one of her drawings. :) - Jess
Capping my afternoon with a little Rage Against the Machine. Good times. Rally 'round the family...
Just a few more days till the blogging launch...so excited... keep watching.
1 more day until Friday!
Rachel Maddow is so smart. She always twists/turns facts to fit her point. You need to transcript the conversation to call her out on it.
The Yankees are keeping contract with Hedeki Matsui and they won't spend too much money.
Brewers win at Wrigley! 7-5. Happy, happy, joy, joy.
If there where more conservatives the country would be better off
I am so pumped!
#IUsedTo stare at the stars and wonder of the worlds that lie beyond our reach. Now, from this space ship, I dream of nothing but ice cream.
My New Background ;)
Need to get outside and get some fresh air. Call me if you need me! Later.
Enjoy life, don't analyze it.
Tryin to be nice an happy but it hurts too much but at least this got me wide awake
do you know what sites to go to in order to find your online classes !
bailey just flashed his abs...
well my boyfriend is a guitar. so.....you just go be with ms. intriguing.....
Updated again... Ack, more to say, but must prepare for class!
Stunning. God bless her.
might want to get your tire checked, can result in a blowout leaving you stuck or stranded - just an fyi
ICANN may have seriously misfired in 2011
That's funny because we were thinking the same thing too! It should be a nice sunny weekend, looking forward to seeing you!
I'm not, but really wish I was :-(
At 8:30 1 question will be asked first person to RT and answer wins ! Got it !!
Success is my cologne
god whats would yuh follow, yuhr gut instinct, or yuhr basic instinct?
Loving the new VonChurch logos.
Wedding dress - the main attribute of true love.
they're finally getting that pimped out park!
I'm sharing a 5br apt with 1 bathrm and 4 gay men in NY till I move. I'm having the same issue. I feels u, girl. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Kevin Gregg has to be the best $6million mop up guy in baseball, right? O's win!
James Knoblich presents ATT's Lunch and Learn Session
the internet is contagious: google is now asking me, "Did you mean [misspelled word]?" no, google, i meant to spell it right, thanks.
Cuz you know that you sent that message ... Lls
kobe's sick? looks like he's goin for 55 tonight
#uneedhelp y because he's buff but probably has a small wanker though!? Jst saying... Hell he might be gay...
thanks for the love!
hahahahahaha only for you beauty queen
Mfs so irritating today
Is paying for premium worth it? Who has it?
Had fun last night - green flashes of light and no power. But we had books, candles and cards - weird to entertain without electricity.
Dance Place to undergo renovation in 2013 - Washington Post
Thanks Barb! I can't think of a better compliment! : Normally I hate instagrams. Yours are worth clicking on :-)
Chaos, panic, & disorder -- my work here is done.
"My kids make me laugh, my husband makes me laugh, my "unit" makes me laugh harder than everything." -The Daily Show's Samantha Bee
Will never be the way we once were, and it kills me inside, but I need you more then ever and I don't know how to show it.
Had a boring week
EQ is not "soft & squishy." It's a physioligical response. Recognize that, and learn how to stop, oxygenate, and seek information.
Yo! Grasshoppers! Get out of Finland!
dm me your number, i only have one presale left but ill give it to u at the door
Terry a hoe gone laugh at a nigga
#133 your all so pretty; white shirt nick; aero shirt madison black shirt with white tank: madison or tmoney and black shirt: vinny(:
Tonight's definitely an indie music kinda of night
#NowPlaying climax - usher
it ain't nothing to do.
Okay, which one of you is going to be ahead of the curve and offer 'Social Media for Embryos' workshops?
Watching #Fuel play 'bad day' ...these guys are pretty lame but I still like this song lol
I'm back in San Diego and ready to tackle this month. Ready, break!
Capital Bikeshare near my home and office + Pennsylvania Ave center bike lanes = new method for daily commute.
deal and teepee! ": Il help u :) RT : melanie ill fork your lawn and put balogona on your car :)"
So what 'password' and 'abc123' aren't good enough anymore? What's the internet coming to?
> Girl, you turnt it al the way up!!
RT : *Tears RT : The NFL draft is tonight u think any team will pick Nene from the HW of Atlanta? -AWESOME!
The only thing dead about DJ Quik is his career.
Life has never been so happy - it's a #lovefools weekend with and
Lining up my pole
To support your participation in Movember, participating Kennedy's locations will trim your moustache for free this month!
huh?? I never get any attention... whatchu talkin bout willis??
Tried to make coffee. Made something so strong it almost tastes like alcohol.
My wife Jeanne and I are about to present "Tweet Your Way Into Professional Development" join us in room 125
I think that I need to realize that in the bigger picture, most of the people I know of now are people I won't know of 5 years from now.
how many are you recording? and how many gon be on the mix tape?
Swarm game is at 8:30. Think I'll miss the soccer game.
Not if you're
Fingers crossed is right!
that sounds to die for!!!
not sure if it your phone or mine but every time you call there's nothing. Like you won't respond hahaha
Thanks for noting that; MED is due for a makeover btw
Options include a power moonroof, six disc CD changer, and a DVD-based navigation system sure to befuddle the Town Car’s octogenarian owners
Happy Thanksgiving yall!
I'm hot for sara rojas
I am grateful I have a job.
I Love Outfit Tonight! Espically His Glasses.
I respect my wife too much to do the things I want to do to you tonight.
to educate how to cite sources because students clearly have not learned before college <-- SO frustrating! It makes me sad...
Maybe that special was made by conquistadors, and that's just what they want you to think. Played right into their hands.
I don't know who convinced me to buy donuts last night, but I salute you.
Get your Happy Hour BISTRO PASS! Every Thurs, 4-8pm. $15/pp - 2 drinks & 2 bites. This month's location: Le Grand Bistro.
yes! I always wanna go to aero and visit you, but then remember you quit :(
yah, d00d...mow through it!!! I found it kinda refreshing to just get it out of the way, since some side missions weren't good...
my horoscope says i'll be getting money soon ;D
let's do it. Ru free sometime next week to meet and discuss ideas?
Thanks Nina! Mike and I are 2/3 of your West Coast buy back team. Hope to catch you on one of the campuses with us soon!
Oy. Nothing is a more poignant reminder that I am getting old than dealing with the after math. Not brilliant. At all.
:( thking of you
Never get it,,, cause I dont like zoom
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business, and your business in your heart
I really think my finger will be effed up for the rest of my life..
I was lucky enough to see Follies before it closed today. Absolutely amazing. Bernadette and Jan Maxwell have that star quality.
RT : really north carolina? first cousins but not gay people?! i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.
I love it. Really expresses a bright and fun personality. And it sounds like you can kick some ass. RT www.amylaurel.com
I am one of the Winners yeeee :o)
Kimberley should be there!
May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! Hope You had an Awesome Time, and have a Gr8 Year Ahead! GOD BLESS. :)
Please follow us back :) it would meen the world to us...
Vegas tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Smart thinking, are you on the Acela? I have food and drink recs for lunch, too.
I have no problem with gay marriage, but Obama? Such a calculating opportunist. His convictions "evolved"?! So colossally disappointing.
With the 102nd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Josh Johnson
Just saw Sandra Bullock buying a mop in Bed Bath & Beyond. Go Knicks!
Time to call it a night, and as #RoyRogers would say, "Good Bye, Good Luck, and May the Good Lord Take a Likin' To Ya."
Working & listening 2 v #cricket bits I missed. You don't have to tell me I'm weird. I know.
You need time with you need time. Doesn't mean you don't love yer sis. Sorry, hon. Don't feel bad. Soak up kid cuddles.
ALL TEENS!! THIS THURSDAY THE BIGGEST CHRISTMAS TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!!
Get 'em both drunk
well just got done playin #wwe12 and now goin to sleep lol
Wish I was going to the show tonite in Norman but im outside of Memphis tonight...
you have a camera?
My favorite is definitely Russell Brand and Luis Scola...They look identical
Just waiting for to knock it out of the park tonight!
Idk about Canada, babe..haha I could do an extended visit for a few weeks. But I'll spread the crazy when I'm there!
killer bootcamp this morning with !
I think at this point I'm beyond thirsty.
RTing omg this could be the day he notices mee! Ah!
Just watched Peter Miller's documentary, "Sacco and Vanzetti"--it was really well done, informative, and though-provoking.
couldn't agree more. Saw this tuesday. Heartbreaking
Am I the only one who thinks Kendall Jenner looks just like a younger and skinnier Kim Kardashian!?? Its creepy!!
seriously? Call the cops. Want me to come home and save you?
RT : It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to someone but they still cross your mind everyday.
Letting my raisin bran get soggy.
This is why people get followed back : I'm proud of you homie your doing good things!! I always knew you could. keep it up!!
my thoughts and heart go out to the family of #juniorseau he was a treasure to watch.
Ive moved on from Oberon. Used to be good when it was a craft beer...but they make so much of it now, the recipe is not the same
GREAT answer...LOL
that's not spam.
then that just means cocktails are in order... RT I never gave you my barcelona recommendations :(
I need a good show to watch!
#QOTD: What do #flowers represent to you?
Either Touchdown of Nothin...No Field Goals, No Punts...focused
How amazing would it be to be the "keeper of Scottish history and archaeology"!
that snowy bike looks great
someone really needs to help me with this lab because i can't do it.
Slowww day at work. And we have a meeting after. And I'm hungry.
All i know is that these kids at my school do some wierd <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
really hope chandler jones goes to the jets.
oh, well thank you! lmao
Great question in #FLdebate: "Why is it okay to court voters in Spanish but not for the government to serve them in Spanish?"
HOW DO I GET TICKETS?! IM GOING EVEN IF I DONT HAVE TICKETS I WILL SIT OUTSIDE AND WAIT FOR YOUR SEXY ASS TO COME OUT
Good lord Andrew Luck is one goofy motherfucker.
Thanks! We support you too!
uh, this chick.
She said she's heading out right around 4. We're here already cheering other runners and waiting for her!
With all the tweeps in Collective Scholarship, the twitter feed can also be a dialogue and backchannel
WORDS 2 LIVE BY!!!
i is very happy(:
if you value your life you better not!
Congrats to Miles Mikolas () on being called to the Majors
qdoba+streetzapizza? How could one go wrong?
Sometime God puts people in your life briefly, just to teach you how to let go...
Sometimes locations aren't worth the effort. Shooting at f2.8 , I could have shot in a messy house
-agree a zillion x'z!!!
that mixtape is nice
An AT&T land line seems to be good for one thing: Generating calls from sales people. If only cell coverage were consistently good.
Orange Leaf with my best friends after Zumba is pretty much perfect!
I'm actually surprised they are the only ones tweeting from the awards. Or at least that I can see...
Grumpily writing the new york times-It'd be a viable campaign for them to put more here-But it would be some sort of superficial situation
You know what makes this Super Tuesday Super so far is hanging with & co
Any suggestions on where to volunteer for Thanksgiving this year?
The Leaves just played there recently!
I've been blessed to have excellent Guidance in my career!
Rob Parker from ESPN: "Tom Brady will NEVER play in a super bowl again." Are we just saying stupid things now? Dogs look like cats.
Rajon Rondo, cameraman clash over post-Game 5 filming (VIDEO)
back at ya!
Happy 13th Anniversary to me :-)
I forgot to mention that this doesn't apply to us.. ;-)
"he's not very evolved. he's rather devolved actually."
I'm a Harry Potter geek. So JK Rowlings.
just found on Omegle :D not sure if it was Nathalie or Christian though. They left before I could ask :P
I'm trying tell the truth but I know the price is my life
just left the o2 manchester! Amazing concert!
To travellers, info from a "Destination Marketing Organization" is a mix of advertising ("mktg") & government propaganda.
Did anyone see the meteor like object in the Southwest sky tonight? Describe..
definitely wasn't me. I was in dreamland.
Happy birthday , party hard! :)
Our hours for April are Thursday - Sunday 10am - 5pm. Starting in May we will be open Tuesday - Sunday 10am-5pm.
cool cool
"Alien Surf Girls" Is Going to be the dumbest thing EVER. the things they put on tv these days... smh.
Think before you burn that bridge. You may need to cross it again someday.
well you certainly don't want to be tweeting that either...quick 2-part ?... if I get wings for the game, u in? and what kind.
what time is your show today and where at #sxsw. I missed yesterdays by like 20mins
you don't know what it was called ... Lol who's your Econ teacher
Kill it! wish I could be there. One of these days, I'll be able to make it to a show...
only do it once or it won't trend they say its spam ):
See you tonight - the countdown is on!
Hope she is taking care of the kids 2?
Sarah, quit checking facebook during the movie.
Involuntary actions. But thank you! RT : You make some awesome faces when you drum.
I got another AP test tomorrow. At least I get out at 12.
Stoked for the opportunity! RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
Like I've been saying, our front line is too vicious
tell me why is telling to shut up when he aint on twitter hahaha
Just got some good news and my day has only just started!!!! =)
RT : If you plan to attend Social Media University & have NOT bought your ticket yet, do it today. Discount ends @ 9pm PST....
Joaby's making juice! Come by if you want to try a glass of his favorite carrot-ginger drink.
Omg Dahling! Been a long day and my feet are killing me!!!!
Hey Tijah, just checking if you still need some artwork...do you?
actually I never use that word.. I just think im cool on twitter cause I use the hash tag ... #yolo yk
Just got done bowling!! Now we just doin Wht pops up next. Lol(;(; <3 you all!!
#LilWayneWackestPunchlines Brand new pussy pussy good as babypowder.. Who eats babypowder
Friday mornings are even better whilst listening to
so you picked 'oh haii wafflez' as a backup? wakcjob
best of luck man, I always thought u were key to asus success. Keep working hard
Pretty b O y swag.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 21
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
Am at comp Sci lounge with with - come on by for a great talk!
oh how deep the mothers' love is to their children..kuddos!
I don't have a short temper....I have a quick reaction to bullshit!!!
Thanks for the mention :)
Aww thx for the shout out! We always love hearing about great experiences from our guests. Glad you had an awesome meeting!
I am sad I wasn't able to make your graduation but I love you and I'm proud of you!!!
Had a chance against Carpenter.....things dont look good now
When you come to a fork in the road... take it
Thanks for the birthday wishes! Hope you'll be around HQ to help us #GOTV!
im hungry i want sum fresh baked chocolate chip cookies
I enjoy everything about music. My question is, where does the inspiriation for your songs come from.???
Enjoying the lovely weather in CLE. Sipping iced tea & eating zucchini bread drizzled with honey while watching boats sail by on Lake Erie.
Working on these mixtapes!
One of the most amazing things I've learned this year is to never underestimate the power of #socialmedia - esp in light of Komen debaucle
Additional #followfriday gratitude to
And my neighbor just walked by with a stroller carrying her cats... When is this house going to sell again?
RT: Romney gave McCain 23 years of tax returns... and McCain went with Palin. What did McCain see? Demand to know!
Thanks for all of the "While You Were Out" submissions. We've got a lot of great stories in the stack.
#scms12 jameson: on cognitive mapping VS D+G> rhizome: a map not a tracing: map as performative + generative
PODS allows you to pack your moving container at your leisure. No deadlines. No time pressure. You move when you're ready.
Yum, can I come to breakfast?
Had a good night with elijahhhh<3 :)
Most of the audience is still standing
for the record.. You didn't finish with #GoPackGo !!!
#FF 'Cause her backhanded compliments will knock you back down from Cameron's compliments...
What's with all the Hollywood celebrities at the White House Correspondence Dinner? Is that normal?
Listening to the new Mars Volta album Noctouriquet. For the most part really digging it.
How many actually bodies would you estimate were at the Sports Arena?
I just wanna see u strip right now cause its late *Chris brown voice
“: It started off we were younger your were my...” "best friend" 50 ... Fire ... Smh at anyone who misinterprets my boy here.
great work, luke!
dang the time we can see the brotha work on amc's "the pitch", he gets sick. really...
Friendship is not only doing something for someone, but it is caring for someone, which is what every person needs.
thanks for the retweet!
I've missed watching these videos <3333
Santa barbara is the most beautiful city.
Oh yes, breakfast. I KNOW it's important, but sometimes it's so hard to get around to eating it. I'm glad it made you feel better!
Join us for Ink & Gold tonight with Stankonia Studio's Renegade el Rey with support from the Martian and drinks specials all night long!
Pure quidditch excitement!
We're glad that YOU'RE glad :)
Reading my notes out of context reflect a homophobic racist who thinks midgets are funny and is a bad rapper
Best wishes to you and your new bride!
Well, I've gone 2 miles in 30 minutes. Must be some golf tournament going on today or something. :)
Guys in body suits flashing everyone by price chopper.. Kool lol verizon called the cops
MY LLAMA LIKE YOU
reply to my texts woman!!
me too! i need you to make me believe again
#schoolmemories having to walk on the silver line or getting yelled at
I'll be at the yard tonight. Excited to see Matt Moore pitch in person
tweet like she talk lol
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKEE...AN BAKE AN BAKE AN BAKE AN BAKE!!!
Lets agree to disagree.
People don't care how much you know, until they know how much you care.
good choice! Let us know what you think!
#JohnSingleton Jan 19th's event gave tons of advice to aspiring film makers, "Do your own s@!t." Check out my blog next week for more.
jury duty in july????????? no thanks
NFL probably has better athletes than rugby, but there's a certain crazy factor that rugby dudes seem 2 have that helmet&pads NFL dudes lack
harry told us he is a para legal. really need a tax attorney on this pria said she was not.. please advise. S
Glad to see you made it! Where's ur pic?!
FW:|
RT hilarious right? What was David Klingler not available?? Did you just say that?
playing with Pistol Pete at The Frequency in Madison, WI tonight. Fun times will be had by all.
Happy Hour starts today!! We will see you between 3-5 this afternoon for 1/2 price Frappuccinios.
Global warming? Nah!
Didn't file taxes yet?If your family income is up to $40k u may be eligible for free tax prep #dial211 for locations & appts.
Tell me: what are your plans this week for exercise? What plans do you have for fun?
People use twitter at this school! That's sickk. This new school's getting better and better.
I could bet you guys a million bucks I see a ring on Meg's finger
Dogs were barking before I got through the door...the furry 2 that live with me, and the tired 2 that carry around my body #wittyright?
I know!
I don't know Gary personally, but in my experience he almost always responds to tweets, esp. if you mention the Jets.
i don't really understand what's going on in "game of thrones" but i like it.
Pageant Tips: Don't sound rehearsed- be yourself and speak from the heart!
Guess I just been workin in nursing for soo long, 10 years, I knew exactly who my patient was gonna be today, last night
we have liftoff
Amusingly, is here doing some audiovisual work.
What's your favorite flavor combo?
<U+2763>Love<U+2763> possesses not nor would it be possessed; For <U+2763>love<U+2763> is sufficient onto <U+2763>love<U+2763><U+2763>. Kahil Gibran
yu have one more year with me broz
Get discounted movie tickets with your California VIP Card! Call today to join 619.226.1121
just about to cover the ^landingofthemothership circa 1977....I was there!! go parliament!
Every dog should be as lucky as you!
this is a #FACT you never hit us up EVER, why do you hate us so much..??
Over by the Kentucky boarder yay!!!!!! I can't wait until Florida
agitpropspace.org the blog is now a forum for listings, essays, reviews etc. check it out!
#CES in the bag. Next up: #NAMM. Love me some trade show
Skinny ties for all at the baby shower.
RT: GREAT Quote: Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
aha i just watched it so...freaking...adorable xD and kendall sayd hell heheee that's a no no n_n its cute when he says it!
GO #FOLLOW MY HANDSOME NEPHEW NOW LADYS NOW.
I know Dan and - hit me up when you get to Minneapolis!
Bored... Somebody get me out of this jail called school!!!
Just finished studying for my last final :)
Yup. Free lunch.
Who's joining us for the 5k this morning?
I hate you just saying :)
Happiness is unlocking your library door in the morning and finding 5 large Baker & Taylor boxes in front of your desk. Better than x-mess.
Today I am officially 23 years old!! I thank God for blessing me w life thru Christ&4 always cherishing me, even at times when I don't
Tuesdays article will mention Cam Newtons big day, is he for real? Will also have insights from every game played this weeked.
Trying to save this Valentine's day? Win our Valentine's package, valued at over $200 for $99! Just tell us a story about love...
I honestly never knew wtf a pansexual was till I googled it. And I was like what the fuck even. And the fact little kids knew what it was,
agree, IMO it will always be tough to get non-west coast powers out here to play. same prob PAC12 teams have to some degree
We as youth media providers need to document our successes & failures, build new knowledge in field says at
PA (): 1 of challenges, MLB players probably rank the lowest as far as most followers. David Wright not even on Twitter
oh and you popped out to the second baseman
talk to you of course
Why is your roof open?! It's December :-)
my love for austin hasnt changed, i just miss ustreams every friday 300k mahomies it was just us and him no one else mattered
Being in the warehouse while everyone's at lunch is boring... Theres nothing to do!
If you have a dream don't follow it, chase it and don't let anyone get in you way.
Me and the bestie are wasted but having a good time I love her besos mamas
The post was actually sent through a syndication network without the permission of , thought that was made clear
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: Halley's Comet last appeared in the inner Solar System in 1986 and will next appear in mid-2061.
Few things will drag me out of bed at 3 am. The opportunity to trade Peter Pan quotes with a coworker is one of those things.
The Walking Dead <3
yeah I am now :)
Rough start but finished strong on the delts. The pre-exhaust made a difference. Look forward 2 tomorrow.
haha. It's about to be slump city.. This episode is boring <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
The wonder of the world is right now!
Trainer was pouring him a handful of them as he was running to teh huddle before he scored 2nd TD
your turn!
#Pinterest. So cute!
Thanks for the hugs and you made yesterday special : )
thanks for the heads up!
‘Incredibly Good News.' Thats what walker said about BLS job numbers in July of 2011.
Prepping for client mtg w/ tomorrow. LOVE working w/smart, creative, women owned businesses!
thanks very much ! Great meeting with you! Tell to stop working you so hard. ;)
oshit royce might be head bitch in charge season 3 let's see
The shit you do makes me wanna hate you but every time we kiss I can't help but fall for you all over again.
I would say that I am an infant...moving close to toddler :)
i didnt mean to me sowwy
why yes! as a matter of fact...
Heading over to parents for Mothers Day even though she has no idea who I am. #Alzheimer'ssucks
You know, you could have just said "True." (sequel to "False," prequel to "Dunno.")
haha! Well then, you are now obligated to do something sweet. :)
peanut butter why is.it called tht is peanut butter made with butter
drawing back and forth arrows is a b****
yes it was :D and where do u live ?:)
Happy Friday-wishing everyone a fabulous day and a fun 4th of July weekend!
Maybe seeing the Avengers today? Who knows, but I'm hopeful.
Thank you! RT : You know what's not that good? Frozen yogurt. So everyone fucking relax. >Loose Stool
When you hit pause during the Blu-Ray of “The Muppets”, it switches to an “intermission” video. I want to stare at the scenes, dammit!
Done with high school unofficially.
i love your hair <3
#socialmedia requires writing, writing requires collaboration, collaboration educates and inspires
We also have a Twitter! If you have one, we encourage you to please follow! :)
RT : Kissing a girl on the cheek(good) kissing girl in the mouth (awesome) Kissing girl in front of her ex (boss)
Happy Mom's Day!
Rick Perry got like 350 votes.
See, the playoffs will necessarily expand so that more schools can brag about making the playoffs! Bowl expansion writ differently.
My mock draft includes a hilarious RG3/C3PO goof.
Kudos to for responding quickly to the meter situation so that can open on time for swim school this coming Mon, April 23.
more please
Ron Dale-British pushed a First Nation settlement west of Ohio in negotiating peace in 1814. America refused, and the British attacked
lmaoooo shut up!!!
Thank you so much Jan!! xoxo
Farted and sneezed at the same time. I had to duck into the bathroom to check and see if I shit myself. Nope.
Your very welcome.. :):)
haha. damn good question
I have no goddamned apologies. Ok a few but ya'know.
leave my man alone!!
So my producer tells me she read an article somewhere that the side swept bangs story is not true. Looking for the source now.
Foreign boys:)
Yes, haven't been here in so long!
wish washy fans
you're awfully quiet today. busy day?
You should probably get your N.O.Y.P.C.
if you've never had pussy juice on your forehead, you dont eat pussy
OMG. I want that cupcake.
Kizer tells commission board that Overeem's T/E was 14:1. Acceptable level is 6:1. Says any substance should have been disclosed. It wasn't.
Greaters ice cream :)
To the new Iconiacz, The ICONic Boyz's sponsor is Nike.
Sometimes I have to resist getting in the middle of a story, warbling all over it & messing it up.
We agree! thanks ! Cheerfulness is the best promoter of #health and is as friendly to the #mind as to the
Never been so good to me, I was blinded but now I see because...
Yeah, be afraid.
- We're all in this together - thanks for your support!
Be courteous have your trash pads cleaned on a regular basis. Think of those located downwind.
Finally got #Toyota #Matrix back from shop! Replaced clock assembly at no addl charge (above orig $450 for misdiag occupant ECU repl).
Yo, are you on youtube?
Not in 140 characters.
Quote of the day: "The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out"
“: #cnndebate #santorum #romney #newt #ronpaul Newt, again, again, has the profound point”
"Somebody Up There Likes Me." Down here, it's another story.
People suffer from the "Complacency" virus...I hope it isn't contagious! #Motivation is always a good cure! jenoloclothing.wordpress.com
haha I saw that previous tweet and thought there's no way in hell he's gunna do that.
If I'm good, I still have about 3 hours of work left. We'll see how much I do.
Dont suck the cunt! Blow the blunt!
dawn this is so true... !
Congrats to elected Secretary/Treasurer of AERA Special Interest Group, Hispanic Research Issues
That I get to do what I love, which is make music ;)
hello mrs bosh
Lowkey, you were 85% of the motivation for the inspiration, but that's not important...
Lori Grayson on the IT Factor: every entrepreneur should the rock star of their biz.
I'm going to buy leftover halloween candy on November 1 and save it for next halloween.
Envy is when someone walks around with a pocket full of "that should've been me."
Miami heat deserve to lose this game all them missed free throws
People with fake tans burn my retinas.
me too! I wish I had a Trader Joe's closer to my house though.
hi Amy upload your photo :-)
cowboys defense looks like shit
but I need to get out of this base asap before I lose my motivation too.
Happy Friday, Tucson! Tearing off clothes already--prepping for high 90's streak upcoming 7days.
To the woman at #Starbucks that asked me to watch her stuff "for a sec"- That does not mean u can disappear for 10 minutes! I don't babysit!
I was on your youtube and looking through your videos and pictures i started crying! you have came so far im so proud of you<3
Who steals a coworker's lunch?!
W A T E R YOU TALKING ABOUT?! O~O
I need a good hug today.
ugh really its 330 and i need to do laundry wtf happened today no
Just finished my last Snark by Snarkwest for this year! Thanks, folks!
it also takes TIME to know if the person really did mean SORRY by NOT DOING IT AGAIN....
Thanks so much! xoxo
Terrifying infographic. OMG. I don't even know where to start.
I am studying and watching TV :)
. Thanks for sharing photos. Great display! Wish I could have been there (so do & , I'm sure!)
Heading over to to give my seminar on "Life after Graduation"
It's a Bear Grylls thing... Apparently my DVR thinks I'm culturally deprived. Or depraved...
Limited edition #1 "Please Pork Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em" tee is sold out! Starting to design limited edition #2 with , it's gonna rule
Looking at the netgalley site I realized they refer to their users as "Professional Readers" I love that!
"Who's got the balls to win?" Got to relive the Landmark Lanes roadblock from the 1st #AmazingMilwaukeeRace last night.
Yayy i love throwing up right before work
Slept just awful ... short (yet long) day at work.
my quote of the nite.."say sumthin or show sumthin"
Scheduling tweets is a great way to automatically publish a large volume of content!
Are you watching the #Grammys tonight?
help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street. #findtommy. RETWEET!
Marx did believe it to be a long process that could take centuries. Preface on Political Economy explains, somewhat.
Bronchitis sucks...i can't do anything I enjoy doing
you need to get on SNL this weekend and become The Rock Obama!
It's 1:29am and I've just begun to be bad!!
you're on your A game today :D
Music is revolutionizing!
hey can u bring me $5 and i will pay u back tomorrow???
At Ch 5. Great to see so many people participating in the town hall on housing. Eager to build better neighborhoods
Hunger Games in bed then sleep
Understand about deadlines. Hauschka's latest 'Salon Des Amateurs' is pretty great. We're going to see him & Hilary Hahn in May!
An all Love episode of Whip's show today...for some reason. The warm and squishy feeling starts at Noon today.
you can bring us Kentucky bbq.
how is the weather out there? Has it warmed up since we left?
Hitting the grammy parties early starting with brunch party @ 4 seasons..gonna be a long day and night!
BAHHH. the second time you saw it? the first time i saw it was in the third road ;______;
"Revolutions 20:12"...To win Super Bowl, Denver must sacrifice a virgin...
all appears well, but maybe too early to tell ;)
Seis De Mayo is the after party.
I honestly don't care lol ahah
The Miami Eagles agree to terms with free agent OT Ryan Harris. One-year deal.
What determines our eternal destiny is not our IQ but our love.
Face Book is for push marketing and twitter is for pull marketing. Then you use text marketing to make money.
I got them moves like Jagger. Just sayin'.
Judge: Motorola can't bar Microsoft sales in Germany: Microsoft won't be barred from selling products using Google/Motorola Mobility'...
The commenter sounds overly-sensitive to me.
Ok I'm hungry so that means time for me to sleep so I don't eat at this ridiculous time!
but a handsome one
Many thanks for the RT, Adam! I really appreciate how much you support WPS.
Curious goofball wins over serious expert any day
Having a baby shower can give low income families a chance to have a milestone they might have missed. That's a relationship builder
Yahh I see I got some following to do...
hahahah you know you love me, and know i got you in return when you've done some good deed!
Happy Easter! Anything big today? :-)
Music speaks what cannot be expressed, soothes the mind and gives it rest,heals the heart and makes it whole,flows from heaven to the soul.
We all start as artist and then we create our con bring it all together and become one :).
got it. Will check it out today
Leaving closet window open during your neighbor's backyard bbq ensures your clothes absorb the warm, smokey flavor of mesquite for days.
is old navy now selling priuses? these new commercials are confusing
hahahaha she is being the more responsible student of us three . You go glen coco <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
WHAT?! you dont go to west a anymore?! and thanks jeff :) i mean i had an okay day!
Thank you RT :
Horror movie weekend! The Woman in Black and The Innkeepers both open. Have to catch em later, I'll be busy shooting the horror of Mind Rip.
“: Great meeting today with They do amazing work that is very much needed.” thank you so much, Kelli!
I knew he would two springs ago... So much potential.
Great blog. You guys are rock stars. Keep it coming.
The storm tonight in #Fallbrook will put us over 10 inches for the season. 6 inches below our average.
Anyone bout that anytime fitness lutcher life later?
Uh oh spaghetti oh
NYC: demos every Saturday in December! Join us Dec. 17 from 1-3 pm at the hack line (Central Park South @ Fifth Ave (nw corner). Be there!
worst 2k player ever
awesome! I didn't see you in the room, now I do!
#FF i miss u too baby and not having fun
For a $2000 tv it still breaks pretty easy when I throw it off a roof. Where's the shatter proofing?
Avnet Electronics Marketing Kicks Off North American X-fest 2012 Technical ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there. ~ Richard Feynman
don't forget I bring my pants
Also cat in the hat, green eggs & ham.... etc. can't remember them all!
Best online personality goes to 's Well deserved.
yes sir you still are the #LVP but a damn good looking one
Good morning everyone : )
This has been the best TEAM game for the Desert Dogs
lol Hafza is a hoejabi in your story =p
It is such an incredibly gorgeous day! The loveliest of lovely days! Enjoying the fleeting sunshine with the people I love :)
Hey JMV What do you think #IUBB needs to do to get back in the #BIGTEN hunt, after loosing to #Wisconsin tonight?
awesome! I've played there a few times. Great acoustics. Let's have a reunion show there one of these days!
BRICK SQUAD
RT if you love Ariana's new name for us "tweeples" :]
We are looking for a talented Eyebrow Threader to join Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique! Interested? Plz tweet back
thanks so much. Looking forward to following our tweets.
I love Juno!
I miss her everyday
Children really brighten up a household - they never turn the lights off. ~ Ralph Bus
very soon
Can't eat pork anymore and not totally upset behind it.
The French Private's Woman
yes, with whip cream
Blacklatern is grinding
TOUCHDOWN to Jones for the Buffaloes...said the offense would move the ball against AZ and so far so good CU 14-7
Sorry dude...but you're at a MLB game, NOT the boardwalk! Go back to your seat and STOP getting a caricature done
When did getting a tattoo become unoriginal?
Dear Mark Zuckerberg, Your gonna need some blonde girl eye candy to decorate ur new yacht! I volunteer for the task! ;-) Sincerely, Erin B
What time is the webcast for the east coast?
Challenges in your life will make you stronger. Dare to take a chance on the unknown.
Found other highs to be higher... RT : Best flight of the day? 20 year old Tawny Port...
LOL! Better get some RU486, stat
Thanks! It was so great to meet you at #LFI2012!
now I heard that!
That's a great question. I believe the problem in the last few stories like this has been congenital.
RT : I've mentioned before, but I recently lost my main job. Anyone know of anyone looking for a nanny or freelance writer?
I'll take those delivered to 126 N. Jeff. And quick. Afterward, I will also return your email.
One year from today it will be 12.12.12. Start planning your "dozen" theme party.
RT “: Dating your Ex again is like buying your clothes back from Goodwill...there’s a reason you got rid of it in the first place.
Yayayay! That is awesome! Hehehe glad u like it! How are u today!?
You got a A on your test? Hey it's just like your boob size
Went to River Rock Casino on Sunday and didn't win at the slots...but the buffet was absolutley great for $17.00 and I would eat there again
I love it, and I also love that two law students from U of Chicago are THREATENED as HELL by it.
Thank you I luv both of em', Us and Brazilian ppl are both spontaneous ! A feature I appreciate ma' :p
No I didn't ask him. He's my clone; I think I know what he would say.
Follow back? :)
thanks for the follow
About to watch the Titanic on Netflix....
#cataloging dept. staff: 3 to 2 after 1 retired & position frozen; then 2 to 1 after 1 goes on leave of absence. I am now a dept of 1. Yikes
If I make a mail client, it's going to pop up a dialog box ever 10ms if it can't find the server…just like Sparrow :(
If you want to make your site #responsive, email us and we will do it for you ))
Thank god no one is watching this.
Forgot my wedding ring this morning. The wife said that constitutes divorce in many cultures, but she'll let this one slide :)
It doesn't say anything about hammocks.
Great pt. MT We have adv b/c school affinity is ultra personal, powerful. We just need to stop forgetting this.
yea and id rather be with yall older people. I feel more welcome with yall.
one sided officials
Vitamin D, afternoon walk & meditation.
Watson passes it to a 45% FT shooter. Brilliant
say what you like about the deaf...
So, it's the day of reckoning. Will you be making an appearance in MKE tonight for 's super cool party?
what are they baby?
Strong management, integrity, honesty, Make residual income from a company you are proud to represent. Took 9 to find! Works! 360-217-7967
Happy Summer all!
Its Mothers day! Buy your mother something she really wants!
Tuesday around noon. Tuesday is the most active day and most people check during lunch break. But it also depends on your audience
I Followed You From This Account But I Dont Want You To Follow Me Back.... Follow
Jets losing the battle of physicality. Steelers taking it to them
hey awesome party you run, thanks for the experience! Siren, Vicky, Lucky yourself and the rest were hella fun!
on our way! Stand by!
People used to say that about me when I was small, too. :P
"Think Big, Start Fast, Scale up as needed" #usinno => How many publishers are doing this
Booty booty rocking everywhere
I went and did it when you said it the first time
Heading to #SLA2010 ? Come visit us at the BioOne Booth 1030/1032 for a sneak peek at our 2011 collections!
she might have to catch me when I'm havin a "come on baby let's fuck this house up" kinda nights
Justin Bieber gets like a million and 1 per nano second.
I still love them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Digital Learning Day is coming on 2-1-12! #dlday2012 Check with your school librarian to find out more!
did u say you would be at OCmd Mem day weekend?
The shade of it all.
That does tile. Sweeps and mops. Sam is shedding. grrrr.
well, darlin', i gotta write about all kinds a wine!
Dude today is looking good :)
I understand. You can text me if you want.
Committed to memory or just in a spreadsheet or something? RT : I now know the RBG's for all 32 NFL teams. Yay.
I hope this don't take long
Why does my jacket smell like delicious oranges?
Shooting today..
I'm also running against him!
I thought that to but he still wants her
How's the writing going?
I am ashamed of myself, I didn't realize Eureka was back :(.
Warm front stalled out so we won't feel the warmer temps until tomorrow. Temps in lower 40's with clouds and drizzle.
That sounds amazing! The pictures you posted were great!
Spring cleaning is saddly one of my favorite things. Gets my OCD pumpin!
LOL. Takes one to know one. Jerk.
ok cool beans
Yo me and this chick were straight.....until she lit up a cig...dropped her like a bad habit.
when your friend fall down you lap but when your cell phone falling down you cry...OMG
Happy Fricken Birthday!!!!
Tees and Baseball Tees coming sooooooonnnnnnnnnnnn!
Egg Nog hangover
Very rough day... Not only was I able to get through it but I'm more than back on track. Welcome a stronger me.
AND look at FB *plus* other concurrent modes? (ie multimodal analysis)
Haha thank you and for sure!
Wow... Four police cars behind a stopped vehicle normally = someone's going to jail and on a holiday at that SMH
All go no slow
Recent Voicemail message I heard..."please leave a message as soon as possible & I'll get back to you at the tone"!
I say man a lot..
Interesting game between #orioles & #yankees #New York Yankees
It's lunch time down at the LR! Stop in for a bowl of soup or try our famous LR burger with sweet potato fries or onion rings!
Nintendo has so many amazing classic characters but I dislike their choice of controls.
And in OTHER news, finding computerscience books and/or mathematics books in this catalog is searching for needles in haystacks.
Brother gets home... ;]
bibliographic convergence
Loved havin' ya!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: One of the biggest variables in the cost of a divorce can be which attorneys you and your spouse select.
Ha! Lucy gets all the attention. She was went on the long 1/2 block walk to get it.
Am I cool yet?
go follow she is awesome mahomie <3
ted nugent...what?!i think twitter wants to be random...what did ted nugent do?
since I donated my opening day ticket to someone, maybe a Bucks game would be sweet!
too alarming to talk about
have a water fight in your bathroom
give me sum!!!
I'm not having any luck on my current team,I may as well switch sides. Oh& I'm NOT talking about the jets and giants, lol. :)
and pickles are still discusting!
I was looking at some 19th Century cookbooks that had recipes for veal kernels. Any idea what exactly these are?
Gr8 lunch date w at Bricktops. Next up, watching Bama game w friends at Sportsmans Grille then an engagement party. Fun day!
Trying out the "gmail offline" chrome app. Shiny!
Chargers game tomorrow night baby! Time to BOLT UP!
.. I look like kangaroo with one leg tryna shuffle!
O_o i just went to the mens bathroom... Ah!!
bulls remind me of lebron's cavs teams. Awesome in regular season, but flaws exposed in playoffs. Same will happen again “:
Haven't Been on this in a long time...miss Twitter!
