It's Friday that's the motto playa yolo
oh gosh. "call me maybe".
I think the Academy didn't even see Tree of Life.
Looking forward to your performance at Friday's TEEN NIGHT : an event planned by TEENS for TEENS!
hm this is true! I like the way I think Bonnie!! Hahah
Bouta go party wit me white boys tonight!
I love you and one day i'll tell u in person and i'll hug ou too and i'd never let u go. haha
you need more potassium. Eat a banana today!
thank you! I'm having fun with it already :)
Brweres lost. Cardinals suck yo as
well either way, good luck!! :) i know i couldn't do it so kudos to you, dear!
I Can't Believe It's Not Autism
On my way to Wet Lounge.. Who's going??
Tim Clark of the Buffalo Film Office joins us for the "Made in New York" panel, Sat. 12:30 Curtis
Twitter Tuesdays left with the warm weather. New specials on the way after the new year. We do have happy hour 4-8pm!
Spread the word at #planningness?! We wish we were there, but alas we must campaign.
Wow. The RAPID GENE is first clinical instant genetic test I've heard of - could be a game changer if it's implementable on a larger scale.
Square. It works, but there are a few issues since I take numbers; don't have cards to swipe. I can give a full rundown if you want...
Ran for 44 mins and felt great.
Thor - dug it. Ready for sequel, and Avengers...
i just did the catdaddy now everybody is looking at me lol
PS3 slim supports BraviaLink, and Netflix coming to BraviaLink TV's this fall. Does that mean Netflix on PS3 also?
Nice to see you back on Twitter :)
Where is Johnny Cochrane,now that Kanye can use a lawyer. Oh,yeah,He's dead and O.J. is in jail. Too bad, Kayne, maybe keep your mouth shut!
i was going to tell you not to ever go back on that pole again but god works before i got a chance 2 you had just tweeted it
I miss my baby :-(
what a handsome pup! Of course he is welcome!
I sent your post on Dr. Pepper using our data to Will Feltus & he has an answer to "Why." If you DM your email I can send. Tx
K. O'C.:says look at board to see who is in your area. Alert editors about probable reactions to papers if disagreement in field.
I is happy :)
I here just as many, if not more, bad things being said about our Pres. by the Pro Left as I do the GOP. Somethings wrong here.
To truly understand what is coming at the end of the year you must know "How long it takes a bird to become a bird again"
I think...no I'm sure that you've got yourself a deal there :)
lmaoo, but my dad loves me he's taking me to KFC :3
Sounds delicious.
I'm gonna name my son Henrik
Square box Round pizza Triangle slices im so confused.
Be on the lookout for our new video airing this weekend called Electric Outreach. It's going to be dub-tastic!
isn't it ironic that i don't follow you? Tagging me in tweets sure shows me
shoulda left hi ass along time ago *singing*
Thankyou so much Liz. You are so kind and I am humbled. GBY back!
Its nice out side but its cold out there some b's but I'm Anit mad I still got to go to Work anyways so enjoyed the day
"MOM COmE OVER ITS IMPORTANT" "What happened!" "Can you turn off my light" ;)
Wow! So much support frm fellow Loyals n u.Im definitely takin all ur guys advice n stayin on the+ side.Mom n I r tight again.
Did anyone else notice Schue graze Quinn's ass right there? No? Okay.
what! you quit #wafflehouse? where do you get your steaks from now?!
I'll save you some lol
I"m offering a free CD to anyone that recommends my page to their friends.
will be performing Live tonight!!! at Endless Music with the Twerk Team. Get there Early!
I hate to say it but my cousin Russel Westbrook is goin ham on my Lakers . .
On my way to the Washington Bridal Showcase at The Convention Center in Washington, DC. Stop by and see us at booth # 718.
well she just got back to me...inspection is on the 12th...let's hope it passes...PRAY FOR ME PLEASE =D
Left is Right | NPR Publicizes Students' Campaign Backed By Left Wing Organization - News Busters
The jesus guy is at the union
Best Buy releases list of stores to close this year: Pummeled by e-commerce giant Amazon, the big-box retailer said last month that i...
Oh right the Jon Hamm one. Probably should get better at this Twitter business...
"You can't run without the ball and Ekpe will certainly help with that." Hammond on Udoh.
YES! Greeeaatt Face! Very into character.. Wonderful performance..
hey, quit looking at my truck
If you were a transformer, you'd be octomisFINE. hot damn.
Let's GO RAMS! “: Damn hurry up selection show”
no problem Anna!! And yes, I'm pretty sure dropbox will allow one way submissions, but I'm not entirely sure.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
#FF More outstanding members!
yeah that was you
Oh bitch if I was there!!!
The only economy that matters, that can actually put money in your purse, wallet, or the cracks of your sofa, is the economy created by you…
If you don't know your own worth and value, then don't expect someone else to calculate it for you.
it's like you're listening to heart speak, Chopper ...
I wish I could do yoga and write essays at the same time.
he had a fast car...
Thanks for spreading the word!
Candidate for Secretary: Eda Sarac. Platform: involvement, mutual understanding, seeing more and different faces at GSA meeting.
say goodbye, say hello <U+2665>
although that quote doesn't really correspond with the link you sent. Oops.
that n OPI
Thanks for the Shout Out !
...or should i just call you...a rather conflicted individual? Haha
wonder how much lager was consumed that night?
will be up your way tomorrow for --its at Dadeland Marriott. Will you be around?
Christine Bovee~ Doubt whom you will but never yourself.
thanks for the follow, Shaun!
that moment when you with your best friend and they do something stupid and all you can say is "This nigga..." >>>>>>>>>>
wow!! quite an eye opener. confirms why i don't read the national review. ; D
This was not always the case in the US. They were reversed in the 80's/90's and before...
ok, great! Looking forward to see your insights posted there :)
Big Al! I miss ya girl. Are you still a Macys?
Leadership is not rational.
Thanks for the RT's!
i just hate it when ppl judge just because your a #CeNation fan matter what you say i will always be a #CeNation fan
This might srsly eff up my end of the semester productivity. Guess I'll just have to read it really quick!
is the mom of our Mahomie family without her Austin wouldnt be this far,she has encouraged him to keep following his dreams<3
Wow. Thank you! It's amazing so far. More than I could have dreamed of.
RT : Just heard Board Member Eric Lax on talking Woody Allen!
Yes, the year 2031 is officially on notice.
Check your settings, you may have important first. (Look left, click arrow next to inbox, click classic)
I wonder, is it possible to survive falling out of an airplane 10,000 ft in the air
QT : he's kinda hot//like the sun is kinda hot.
Thanks to everyone who is trying to get MAHONE IS AMAZING trending <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
ah, good stuff re: rock and roll hall RT He wasn't. Mike D and Ad-Rock read a letter from MCA though.
I only kiss her when she on it
After 1.5 years, I got a window-by-proxy. Not actually *next* to a window.
Thats a sexy ass.
your deep in the uniqlo color sock game. I'm looking for even more colorful options though.
David Ferriero, National Archivist, wants EVERY PIECE of the archive -billions - digitzed #dpla If it is not online, it doesn't exist.
I got this covered. About half of tree fiddy
“: Yeah except the Redskins movie doesn't end with winning the NFC East / NFC. BOOM!” Why so bitter bruh?
can't get the ambition up to write a few christmas cards... yes, yes. I need to do it. I'll open some wine. red, liquid, motivation!
"Hey I heard you're looking for a gentleman, is it okay if he's Australian too." Actually it will be Wonderful :)
“: How dis you answer? RT : Reed just asked me "do girls take boys money?"” I said, "Only the smart ones"
RT : Where do good ideas go to die? Answer: Good ideas don't die.
Barbara Streisand's sister, Roslyn Kind, joining us in a few minutes on KUSI! Beautiful voice!
Try the Tiny Toon Tippler, made w/ Stoli Orange, half & half, Aloha OJ & triple sec, topped w/ whipped cream & sprinkles! It's a lil' loony!
this memphis-okc game is worth more than the entire lakers-mavs series combined
hope #kidchocolate dominates tonight, he'll be throwing hershey kisses all night!!!
Put some lime in a swisher and twist it all up
idk I told her to leave me alone and she did
I plan on it!! He owes me some dimples!! Lol
it fits right in with most of the other books in the erotica sub-genre as far as the sex goes. In my opinion, of course.
Crushed ;) x
Preppin to go out for brunch. This can always be a little dangerous - will I be ok or will I be in recovery all day?
I have a paragraph left for my project, then I have to fix my paper, journal, and make my visual T.T
Shit eating grins everywhere at Bruce Wow, one of my fave nights ever Now Jimmy at hype hotel
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. <U+2665>
Companies attending #packexpo cautious, but not freaking out about possibility of double-dip recession.
Category 11-a winner is WMAQ
Thanks to for giving CodeSquare a great platform to support it's growing user base... crucial tool for us!
Yessir! I want my only worry to be "is the tide gonna reach my chair" RT Saul me too! I love their song Knee Deep too
We get in on Friday around 11AM - the Shinding event is Monday at 11AM. I need to check the sched for breakout sessions.
Come on now not 1 member of the #JBC2012 has committed 2 Georgetown or any school in Colorado really guys really...
Cute little Toby is so shy:) Kinda like someone else we know....lol
Hi !!! How about Patrick Jane & Teresa Lisbon on "The Mentalist"? My favorite crime duo on TV right now in my opinion.
thanks man, I appreciate the kind words., it is amazing that something this serious goes unhandled by them isn't it?
I miss those days.....
i hate that i have to wait till tomorrow to workout.
Long monday over with
All of these #loveindy tweets make me love Indy. :)
I got home....ate J.I.B.,,eh its alright
People always think i'm older than I really am. I don't know what it is. Maybe the dress clothes all the time...
Another spanking down! Go Heat!
who directed Lets Do Woop it Again?
's next guest is Maria Semple, The Prospect Finder, to discuss mining your data to reveal relationships
Uncle Jim just got called by groupies! It's so nice spreading good cheer everywhere....
the only thing making me happy at this point : Megatron and the Decepticons in this great movie
I might be going to that date! Is that a gold date? What's the venue called?
I am waiting at the doctor as well. Thankfully not as long as you but still annoying! Hope your day gets better!
GM! We're hard at work sending clients properties. Large townhomes are hot at the moment. What do you prefer? Condo vs. Townhouse?
wut up myspace! its been a minute
“There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” -Anais Nin
Someday, Someone Will Walk Into Your Life And Make You Realize Why It Never Worked Out With Anyone Else.<3
I'll never tel
I feel so lame-__-
Hi there. Our co-founder is a fellow USC alum. We'll be in SF soon to talk with angels. How can we learn more about Tekton?
Great day at the State Capital yesterday for the annual celebration of the Film & TV industry here in NM!
I've been on WW since January and I keep losing and gaining the same 5 lbs..boo.
Rushing out of work/last table to go to the bar and be THAT annoying last patron to leave
Back to LA, Denver after that, lots of work to do... Big week!
noodles in the cup..
It's like getting into the ring and the only skills your opponent has is the rope-a-dope. #dustbiters .)
so it decided to turn into wintertime on my bike ride home.
Haha RT : I think the game was a sellout too. I'll have to check with to see if I'm wrong about that though.
Moved, played nurse to an ailing sister, held a baby shower for 60 people and now, WE'RE BACK!
#333rd cool thing about Seattle's Ravenna Third Place: their pub serves popcorn with truffle oil and sea salt. #334th: they sell my books:)
crazy fight
close batting 19 points more than you against lefties
you know it :D
+1 RT I have learned that there is NO single role museum folk play. That's what makes talking to one another so great!
My husband gave me a V-card that says: "When I see you tiny cartoon hearts float above my head..." now I remember why I married him. Sweet!
Under the trees of
wtf u talkin bout someone keep tweeting you you jumped in my mentions and keep hopping back in my mentions wtf?
if you live in a free country tweet
oh... i initially thought that read 'oversucked auctions'.
,he is not lebron or wade,dont u see him getting mugged with no calls.i ll be shocked if he attempts 6 ft's all game
"That Shining Night" Hope you all will be joining us next Wednesday 18 3pm Sunshine Cinema for a screening for the Soho Film Festival.
what's wrong? :c
I won't be able to make it there till around 5. Will you folks be at the Ignite Spatial talks?
I LOVE this!!
Agreed - whiteboards need love too.
Why? why? why? why? why?
I can be a lover, a hater, a fighter, a player, a game player but that just ain’t my style. I’m nothing but a mystery with a pretty smile.
Coffee was 39 cents a lb. Sugar was 29 cents for 5 lbs. A big loaf of bread was 19 cents.
good and you
Thompson Library open til 2am for finals Sun-Wed, June 5-8 Good luck everyone on your exams!
Toga toga toga!, road trip this summer with all my people
"We can't keep chocolate in stock (due to popularity)," -- Susan Lyne of
"Share in 3 seconds if you like god" lol because a fb post will make you religious.
I've always wanted to be "the client". Make the logo bigger!
:( Mean postal service, didn't they see FRAGILE written all over?! Hah.
My little Texas tornado is one of my all-time favorites. I can't believe your uncle wrote it! Let's boogie to Nashville.
I've never been this excited for a trip that's over a year away that I have to pay for lol! VEGAS!!!!
attd news alert solid buys coning in fast
Thats it! RT : a2 no, but it should embrace the power of employee brands to enhance the social business.
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. – Les Brown
haha we have extra free chiddy bang tickets if you wanna come down tonight.
perhaps Watson's red-headed step-child?
Shake the haters off! The rest of us still love ya! Who cares what they say!
"i wasnt drunk" "dude you called my fat brother winnie the pooh cos he was carrying a jar of honey"
Yes! And it was so...nomnom. I think that is the technical term?
just dropped a "DTF" reference in her #techtrends talk. That has to be a first, even for
Hai majide! Go linda - kick some ass one more time!
nor will you. It's not part of the American Dream. Gotta want bigger, better, stronger, faster.
master debating.
And if they look away you are in control.
Thank you!!
Friend:"Here's some gummies, share with everyone." Me:"SHARE?!?!? I don't know the meaning of the word."
you realize the sexual connotation with that right?
I wish I would have met when I was Italy! I can't wait to see the places ur crew was at so I can point and say I was there =]
Slob on my nob like corn on the cob
Do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you & they're stabbing it? No? How about now?
no more Sirius?!
Hater!! I bet you've never been to a race, so keep thinking that. #closed minded
Are they really gonna put .3 seconds back on ....
I've got to go to the statue unveiling at 4:20 tomorrow on 4/20, right? got to pay the Red Headed stranger respect.
I still don't even know the zip code here <U+E40D>
Loving Obreht's The Tiger's Wife - thanks for the great recommendation last week as I was browsing.
Can't wait for prom today with my AMAZING girlfriend:)
RIP sportswriter Furman Bisher. He did it all w/out Google search stats/info. It all came out of his head or from extensive research.
Getting all my ducks in a row for a good winter push.
I'm really mad I got this scar right in the middle of my eyebrows
We shall see, you never know!
Much respect to for his Thanksgiving food drive. Thats what being apart of your community looks like
Thanks for the support! :) Makes my day.
down! And lunch !
found out tht the most heart attacks of the year occur when the clocks change a hour ahead
Any of you going to the concert June 2nd? Holla at me with where you're sitting! :D
Fixng up the studio
yay now we can play words with friends
The holiday season is fast approaching! My hubby always gets me wonderful gifts, but what's the worst gift you ever got?
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing some of your films
Born by pain die with pain
Especially if they're named Sully, Boscoe or Roger.
thanks for the RT!
Well, Kemp has a healthy hamstring.
don't do that cuz if I could get there I would..that's just rude lol
Finally off work, haven't left my damn couch. But am going to head out to get a drink and watch this football tonight. Love FB on Thursday
have fun Blaise! You'll be missed around here. See you in a few months!!
Running track
Got a good workout in..... Just made it back to the Loft finna cool for a min
“: Knicks are making stupid fouls man” theres more unnecessary whistles than necessary
Good morning peeps!
I officially can't read any more articles this month. Good thing I only have to make it two more days.
love this, happy sunday! “: Good morning. Remember everyone to thank God for another day of life :) XO”
A hug is like a boomerang....you get it back right away.....
thanks for the suggestions! for some reason never considered a govt site :)
(For the record, I did teach a 2 hour comp class in between troubleshooting & fixing that problem)
Oh god im walking to chipotle
Looking forward to watching~Praying for wondrous miracles to happen today!! God bless you, Karen & your family!!
hes amazing i have been a mahomie for so long it isnt even funny but u know what it is for a good person <3 u austin f&a <3<3!
I seriously enjoy it. Saves me from having to actually watch but allows me to enjoy the highlights. Like shoulder pads.
Thank you! stay tuned..
so sick:(
Giants parade tomorrow Puerto Rico on thursday
No matter what weather, I'm still going to wear sweats and a hoodie. It's just comfy alright...
When you love someone, Don't give up on them without a fight, Because you have to fight for the best things in life.
I'm a single mom of a teenager....No time for groups! But I believe when there's a will there's a way! Thx!
First popped collar sighting of the day! And it's lime green. Excellent.
wait u hate me :'(
At the #KentCounty #Dems meeting. Great to see so many people and speakers! Congressman Brandon Dillon is about to speak.
The reward of a good action is in the very fact of having carried out!!!!!
Oui Oui RT l love your advertising campaign. You should throw a Great Gatsby inspired party in Denver.
don't you think that's because mental illness defines a persons interactions more than a physical illness?
is right, he completes me.
- well then, sounds like I need some friends down there...or maybe I'll stop over with a bag full of money.
Bandwagon O's fans...get outta here. You weren't with us 5 or 10 years ago.
I was for awhile. Back in Florida for 2 days. See you soon!
Sandy Cheeks has a twin brother.
Good job guys on
Just finished a New Logo and Business Cards for Hair & Makeup Artist Joann Boznos! Check her out @ www.joannboznos.com
That says it all. Status quo versus Reform. There's still time. Write Fenty In on 11/2
Haha fuck bitches #sopumped about to be a crazy night
I thank Eric Chavez probably caught a flu bug or something thank God he's not injured at all.
We Haven Da Most Stupidest Argument
Re #caseyanthony, those who don't know still care and those who don't care still know. Colleague not following case:"club pics say it all."
I thought he was Barry Zito's pitching guru.
RT : Early start z. gods kitchen In Kiev tnite!
I like to name my ipod ‘Titanic’ so when it says ‘Syncing Titanic’ i click cancel and it makes me feel like a hero...
That's AFTER I let 47 of them expire last summer. Sigh.
you're the best.
Damn! I hate when I get hilarious phone calls at work and I forget to press record! Ugh!
"A writer should have the precision of a poet and the imagination of a scientist." Vladimir Nabokov, born on this day in 1899.
AJGLEKAJG KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!!!
You can't ask someone to respect you when you don't even respect yourself.
Epic night ahead
I WOOD DIE IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BUT YOU WONT EVEN READ THIS YOU WILL LOOK RIGHT OVER IT :'(
Apologies to my Words w/Friends peeps; I was WAY 2 distracted by it, and promised Miss M I'd delete it. It was delete or a 12 step program.
I love that my best twitter friend right now isn't a person...but a crepe restaurant lol. What a strange life I lead.
Law of attraction.
My biish said she can go eff another n***a. Cuz another biish told her I was effn with her.!
Am actually finding I like Twitter more than FB!!!
Never finding clothes I like..
Coming soon! 's HOW TO GET INTO THE TWIN PALMS (7/12) book trailer - rumor is it contains herring, which I cannot confirm
Who are you?
That's close to superhuman!
Only 117 to go for 1000 let's keep the love flowing instant follow back random shout outs who could ask for more
Deon Jackson had it right way back when... Just ask Billy, Sherry, Bobby, and Marshall and Baby.
I'll make you a nationals fan yet!
FACEBOOK: Where sluts complain about other sluts being sluts.
Thanks LaShea! We need to get you in a video some time!
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.-- Mother Teresa
i'm gonna spin w this sunday Get ready for a crazy night
Congrats you two. I love you both.
iO is putting the sexy in E-Villa tonight.
Chipmunk movie is out-earning a movie from the collective mind of Spielberg and Peter Jackson. There's so much I don't understand.
That's fun , Disney world ? :)
Mike Bibby doesn't make 3's anymore... wow
So, after that last doll I swore to myself... SWORE... there would be no new dolls until after the New Year. Then came Cyber Monday. *sigh*
On my soul
If you listen to constructive criticism,you will be at home among the wise. Proverbs 15:31
Happy Thursday! Closing a bit early at 5, but still lots of time to Drop In & Craft!
Done! She was an easy vote! So cute! Bring her in so we can say hi!
Home stretch. 6 weeks til we go up. Time to get these folks off book!
Broadway Bar was crazy last night!!! Bg ent
Where'd you come from, my man? Meet me in Wichita?
Happy, happy birthday!
Trey songz got sum bangers "Heart Attack" and "Sex Ain't Better Than Love" is the SH*T!!!
HARD to believe; source? "Pollination by honey bees is key in cultivating the crops that produce a full one-third of our food"
might just have to do the half!
When someone who doesnt ever talk about their feelings, Opens up to you. >>>>
Voting for a musician in a poll is a bit like listening to a politician's speech on a high end stereo system.
Apparently MONDO WON, not sure what but twitter is all abuzz.
I'm unfollowing ppl who all they talk about Is sex, like I don't wanna keep reading it everyday And u shouldn't want to talk bout it err day
Where my Carly?
Why put yourself through pain when you feel unloved? I LOVE you and ALWAYS WILL. You guys can always talk to me. I will be here
RT: VYBEnation: VYBE Nation will be in attendance tomorrow night at the #MTMSS!
...just throwing stuff out about Hillary: why wouldn't she stump for Obama even if Bill's better at it? And she's over SOS after this term?
It is the only thing that helps with my wife
i couldn't! get one of em to bring u today! i go into work at 1
Tonight will be the night I fall for you over again...... That explains it<3
It totally cracked me up! I de-veganized my lentil & rice mix with KB's yogurt/chipotle dip from our office Iron Chef. Yum!
My hotel is literally surrounded by sushi bars! Maki Maki is first up!
Craig Sager's suits should be illegal to wear in public.
The Chillow - solving your cold side of the pillow needs.
The Real-Life Ukrainian Barbie Doll | ABC News Blogs - Yahoo ...
Hey let's go play soccer at Garfield elementary :)
So, not to be random, but I really want to do Gymnastics and Dance.
They are describing me as the "life of the party" during my radio interview on WAMU.
The IAP Crafts panel will now take a break for lunch.
Nice photo, Jim.
Hey ... Need a dinner suggestion for the Falls, Germantown area... Thoughts?
Thanks for posting that!
congrats : ) Scholarships are helping my daughter also
Belated fathers day gift: taking the kids for the weekend.
Thanks the RT! Have a great day!
At Beachers with - its a madhouse!
When the best plans get cancelled /:
we dont fuck wit them out west kidds lol n that includes u to bruh
One more hour until i can eat!
I love maryanne Gallagher
sum bout yu boy lol :D
i really miss my parents...i wish i could be happy all the time every second of everyday nope thats too much to ask for
YAY me! I get to do laundry. So excited! I look forward to these moments all the time. Switching loads. Folding clothes. Yeah!
Well done!! don't know how you put up with him! HA HA HA congrats y'all.
Computer questions for us? We are happy to respond, just give us a call 775-636-8378 or send us an ^jl
That's what I've been trying to tell you guys (but with better grammar) RT : wow your a stud
the Eagles played the Giants, Cruz got AS to bite hard on a dbl move and he streaked upfield but Eli overthrew him. That..
RT : #Bono on why he is passionate abt #AIDS: For me, its a justice issue. HIV/AIDS challenged our idea of humanity and...
Be who u are, live fearlessly, more importantly knw who u are & fight for what u know is right. Ppl recognize greatness when they see it! RT
oh life...
west broadway and price lit up tonight with a great fashion party at beautiful gallary in soho:)....outstanding! i will keep you posted;)
Please do not rely on free info for your disability awareness training. Did Wells Fargo Corp. do that and get a $16,000,000 DOJ fine? :(
How others treat me is their path ~ How I respond is mine.
you dont need to say Y.O.L.O. for everything you do :\ smdh
Trouble sleeping? Don't resort to dangerous sleeping pills, when you can try #aromatherapy with a few drops of lavender essential oil!
"He's half man, half bear, half pig." "No, I think he's half man, half bearpig."
tofu and spicy lo mein YES!
Kitten mittens!
I want some shrimp fried rice lol
hahaha high hopes man...
At my sister's basketball game at 10:30 at night
You know you're a creep when you stare at the people behind you by looking at their reflection through your computer screen.
Black shades, I'm fly as hell Two Spanish bitches wid me and they fly as well,-
": My teachers give me so much homework on my busiest nights. <U+E421> #gonnabealongnight" I know!!!! I'm not reading Frankenstein
Yes, it seems like a really nice country. I've always thought Europe was cool :)
RT look out for the next guy who speaks words of beauty but is butt ugly. #keeper ;) <- I will keep u in mind once that happens.
That's a possibility.
Finding Aptana to do code completion for javascript has sure made this flash developer happy. I should just call myself an Eclipse developer
Ready watch Forest Gump!
seeking sponsors to donate items, gift baskets/cards, coupons, sports items, etc for Georgia house dinner buffet fundraiser
I just saw a lady carrying a pizza box on her head. At fist I was a judgy like, what? Then I realized she was a genius.
Comeback player of the year has to go to the Animated GIF. Those were left for dead at Geocities and came back in a big way.
I love you too!
Consistently is a must factor in anything you do It's not about #Talent it's about
Thank you to all the great #dls15 presenters. I have some exciting action items to follow up on when I get home.
Winter is here so hydrate your skin with our luxury lines of skin care products!
Dunk contest was mild tho....
make your own luck :)
We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!!
Thank you for saying what we were all thinking.
Finally watching Silent Hill, I want to play all the games as well :'(.
" TELL CONGRESS #SOPA = Suck Our Penis Assholes"
RT : Last U.S. troops out of
RT : Stories about your kids aren't interesting for long. Staying power is in how experience impacts your life.
RT : Truly being respected for what I do >>>>>>
Just got news my man Fatz got locked up on a humble shit is crazy on the streets
cm punk
Trying to get things done...
Lol baby wade! RT : said he bout to go D-wade.....let's see what he does lol
I knew it!!! You couldve at least washed it!
how do you log off or does it stay running
Ashley is the best person/sister EVER!
Went swimming today great workout and showered
Aw man those LMS days. Didn't have a worry in the world.
Now that you're following, let us know when you're in the area or if we can help you out in any way we can with parties and such!
Swear to God she's the reincarnation of Snooki. She's short, she's tan as fuck, she teases her hair and she loves pickles. Love you Jess
Perfect closure system for wine bottles combines the reliability of the screwcap with the oxygen transmission of cork
Hilarious! RT : A 4yr old ballet student of mine marched into class, wagged her finger & said, "No one. Ugly. Allowed!"
Just successfully moved into my newly redesigned office at work. All is organized and ready to go for the new year. ECSTATIC with it!
I think Dean Ambrose might just be my new favorite wrestler. Okay, Austin Aries is still better, but Moxley is money.
I did see some pink paint going on- so lets hope so!
I am not funny and Michael Jackson is dead.
And my mom got pound cake!
you sound like my dad! Haha
Trying to drive through Hollywood on the day of the Oscars was a bad idea
#I Cried When I was bullied everyday at school
great country music with a soul twist give a. Listen.
Good morning everyone!!!
to love and feel without defense or reserve.
I wonder if Samoans feel cheated losing a Friday? Why not skip a Monday?
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful momma :*
; you guys are too damn cute. (:
Oh my dwam, the things people DM me.
Got this track by the that I did the beat for its gonna b a hit
drinking my coffee ymmm
#REGGAE with LUCIANO in South Florida THIS SUNDAY 5/20/12. ONLY $20 gen'l and $75 VIP WATCH VIDEO INVITE:...
if you do something worth a penalty.. Do you call it on yourself?!?!?
#FF Great Volunteer Tweeps to follow:
Dont ask me about my shirt
My wife and I are thinking of coming in tomorrow, but my wife wants to know if you have a patio and allow dogs?
That's a very inefficient way to clean glasses.
Thank you! :)
Haha Yeaah! And Yes!!! Uh Josh Hutcherson Is So Sexy! But Not As Sexu As Austin ;)
The OpenSpace Christmas party is tomorrow! Come drink some hot apple cider and watch A Charlie Brown Christmas with us!
Ashamed I'm on my 3rd Mountain Dew to stay awake. Disappointed that the bag of Bugles I bought won't accommodate witch fingers.
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
Heading into the office.
didn't see that dogfish before-- love it!
All I see is fiends and dope boys walkin around what happened to everyone!, back in the day it wasn't like this!...fuck the shacks nigga!!!!
Tonight you shall go to for THEESatisfaction album release show w/ OC Notes & Chocolate Chuck.
I am who I am..take it or leave it. I do the best I can and if it is not good enough, BYE!!
"He's not a patient hitter!" -- KNBR caller on Brandon Belt.
#MakeAPromise ...and keep it, for fuck's sake!
Thanks I like what we are doing!
Our faculty summer read - Mojo, How to Get It, How to Keep It, How to Get It Back...by Marshall Goldsmith. Great pick!
Just discovered that Quinoa means "Yankee hippie food," in Quechua. #food joke.
Sorry lady, but wearing pants way too small for you does not look good. Muffin tops are not attractive.
My fortune cookie says "you will soon change your present line of work" good job buddha
In the foreground of that photo was ex Gina Seau- she was taking the picture.
It's Calle Ocho time everyone!! Don't forget to share your pictures with us on our page !!! Have a Great Time and Enjoy !!!
he is and it's not even close, I say all of baseball
I received my peony and the candle. The peony looks 100% real, and the candle smells divine!!
Getting a print ready to ship to AB, Canada....
Never get tired of watching the one man fast break!
Saw Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Benson walking downtown earlier tonight!!! Still kind of freaking out!
In the world have 160 000 0000 people, I just want U only
Great! Have a blast and let us know how it goes :-)
Another trip to #Costco! So much #kosher Solomon's Beef, Amnons Pizza, Brookside chocolate covered fruit. What's ner & kosher at yr #Costco?
One of the 4 Gutsy girls blogging @ stratejoy.com is living the "funemployment" now that her internship is over! Ur not alone!
I love you more!
Great session today. Thanks!
Great seeing you so close to the "anniversary!"
If everyone shits themselves when they die then I haven't given enough credit to my sphincter.
Absolutely! MT : > By marketing yourself, your work, & the company, you're elevating the community.
#libday8 excited it's Friday (ready to sleep in tomorrow), working on lesson plans, course guides, & have call w/ re: #ala12!
"redeeming love" has got to be one of my favorite books!
you NEED to come to NY I would LOVE to see you live or just in general haha luv ya!!
where can I get large backdrop with logos printed?
and i should care why?? if u dont over think it, it can make sense
Quality convo with the Pastor
ALL my life i hade to get it on my own so we going hard or we going home
is on a conference call and totally lost in translation...gotta love the UK jargon!!
"stay. no matter how hard it is to be with me. just stay" <3
That Chick Still Got Mi M'f Dollar
Given my father, I've always hoped it was the mailman.
Hey honey let me just ask you something....Can we possibly share Liam..?:) lol
Is the glass half full or empty?" depends on if you're drinking or pouring" Bill Cosby's Grandma, via ed webcast today.
Gmail Tap: Say Goodbye to the QWERTY Keyboard
and the shotgun shells and years I'll have to do.....lol
Advisory:"Admin busy with regular administrative work in the office" should never be tweeted by an NPS account. It's boring! And, who cares?
I never got the chance to tell you just how much I actually loved you,. </3
yoo , im outta here . first night bck on twitter & i laughed the whole time . aha . Goodnight & GoodMorning ,
Congratulations on your acceptance into the nursing program!
I read Rachel Gibson this weekend too!
It's Friday the 13th. Hmm.
: Hope you made it back in one peace.
speaking of iceburgs, how long before Target, Tom Thumb/Safeway/Randals, Costco, Kroger, et al follow?
What team in the NCAA tournament collects the greatest percentage of total rebounds per game?
Thnx 4 the follow Crystal! WE liked your FB page & followed you on Pinterest. Great resources for #moms ! Check out AgooBiz
How to Be A Bad Ass Cop Episode 1 and 2 were Hilarious!!! :)
Mac gesture right for N..C slide right for dashboard widgets. But yeah apple will figure it better than me
Just focusing on English right now. I can't fail that class.
One thing you don't have to worry about is me hating on you...
this is going to get ugly.
if I made u feel uncomfortable yesterday
bahhahahhaahhaaa! Good riddance...
I'm going to marry a guy named Ian. Ian Harding, Ian Somerholder.. (;
Say hello to Instinct Magazine's Swimsuit issue cover model :-)
At least there is pork at work today.
Jane Austin is amazing! Can't believe I spent my whole life not knowing the wonders of Pride and Prejudice :)
Peabody, Kimble, Lowery and co RT Jeff Fryer reference - now that was a fun ride - loved that Loyola Maramount team
EII bolt this year I was at the Golden Gala in Rome and I saw you run and you have been a bomb!
Royals move up OF prospect Wil Meyers to triple a Omaha
ok im all ood i reset my whole latop an all the probs is fix so i can be on all day :) YAY! I MISSED YOU :'(
Big game tomorrow !
Museum was so boring .. now were getting some #FOOD (;
love being home, the visits are never long enough.
Fucking rocks cracked my fucking phone screen . This is ate up man
Also available in gray! RT : Simon's Fashion Line: Consisting of a wide variety of black & white tshirts. I'd buy it.
Ok, getting ready to pick the winners! We'll have a bunch of them for cool swag from
That is not a good start to the week :-(
Me acting stupid
Parallel parking...this should be interesting.
: sort of watching Rango on an airplane. It's way funnier than I thought.
At Market at the Foodbank charity event serving up chicken meatballs and plum crazy noodles!
Plumbing Plus is licensed, bonded and insured and a member of the Better Business Bureau. 858-486-4070
Getting stoked for The Northwest Metal Fest in CDA Idaho!!!
where are you
Does he mean terroir? RT : "Beware the terror of the subject matter experts" -Uli Rauch at
Crap, I'm following 1925 with 1300 followers. I wonder how many more that gives me in tweet math.
You can't say the right thing to the wrong person, or the wrong thing to the right person.
Thinking about work...
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting the hard battle.
nice job with the PLA campaign! What's next? ALA president, State senate, US senate, US president? :)
“Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.” - Erasmus
The survey Of geForce GT Of zogis the video map intended for the users that want high the end of the map but you do not want :-)
Agreed, should be, but NBC paid so much $$ they want their big event exclusives...also excited, wish I could be in London!
There are some up on Ancestry that come up w/no problem. Of course I don't have any of those locations.
Rockies creeping back, slashing 5-run deficit to two.
Yes, it was good busy! I will be there next week.
UPK's spring 2012 catalogs arrived today! Look for the digital edition in your inbox and on the UPK website soon!
Girl, I made money off that upset :)
we have 2 staff (myself included) who collaborate on grant writing w/program staff input when needed
Nothing greater than spending time focused during worship... praise to the
I just read 99 days without you. Brb crying my eyes out. This is one of the most brilliantly written yet saddest things I have ever read
This music business come wit a lot of bullshit
At work missing the draft :/ I'm hoping da bears take a left tackle, I like the kid out of Stanford
ain't shit..i need to get that link for your cd again when you get a sec..computer been on the fritz, but i'm by a better one now
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get out of the shower and find random scratches on your back
: "I thought the dad-book was hard but it was a walk in the park in comparison to the mom-book."
Not sure I understand it all, but pretty sure on Girls is really good.
Are you coming to Austin?
I can't believe it's 2011 and we still see that crap on our daughters.
they ain't helping him win either
Car games. And go! #roadtrip #arewethereyet?
Follow Me??(:
The person who coined the notion that vulgarities signify a small vocabulary was a fuckin idiot. Cuss words get points across more swiftly.
justin ALWAYS goes to new york but he hasnt been to boston since november 16,2010. hes just mad cause the Bruins won the cup but still...
Thanks for spreading the word about our work in Eugene!
Anybody who's feelin froggy could leap over to the bus ramps and get me
Tons of writing finished this weekend, feeling all refreshed, can not wait for the next weekend like that! Hope you all are well, we are!!
Apparently the earthquake in Mexico was really strong. Family is OK, trying to get a hold of friends now. Anybody in MX, everything OK?
I really hope and pray that becomes this year's American Idol!
Night :) RT god night , hope u have a good day manana to & sweet dreams :)
The Buff Orpingtons > Athlete's Foot > The Long John Silvers
not uuh, its like a foot and half ha. It says 'Kush' and has a bud leaf on it.
I wish would wish me a happy birthday.. But i know he won't. </3
Its a cracked pitcher that goes longest to the well.
Speed camera vote today! We're live with the video that one group says proves why the cameras are needed
I hope you have an awesome day too loca! :D
RT : Email from AFT communications: "Admit it, Twittering scares you a little. Does it seem complicated? Mysterious?"
see.. #rude #mean #hurtful I take back my love you.
to all my twitter friends, hope u all had a great day, tweeted so I bet everybody did HAHA have a great night, LOVE U ALL
late night kickin it ?
what happened?
The Darkness! On Samsung spot. I LOVE that song.
Weather is gorgeous here in Fairbanks today - was gorgeous in Denali yesterday. Love Alaska this time of year!
Thanks for the #FF, !
I just checked-in at Banner Day School of Milwaukee in MyTown2. no diversity in game?? Has black women on corner in mini shorts??
I forgot that I brought bananas today.
Guess this hangover was worth it though. I had a really good time last night. Weird, but good.
I feel like ima pass out
Bitching mother < Goingout
THE SOUND OF UPTOWN MUSIC: Old Dutch Church clock tower source of daily offerings (video)
Okay, hooray for the Lakers. Now stop acting like a bunch of rabid animals.
Headed out to the parks today? Don't forget your raincoat!
u right by me
MTA to suspend Light Rail service between Convention Center and North Ave from 9p.m., Fri, Feb, 24, through 9 p.m., Sun, Feb 26.
The past can't see you, but the future is listening
Aggregation of information is as important as the propagation of it. Becoming a gatherer can help you contribute to the conversation.
Don't have thanksgiving plans? We'll be opening at 6 so come on down, limited food but plenty of booze.
I get a kick out the #lays chipbag proclaiming new bigger size while no mention new higher price
I liked my AP Government test today.. Now time to take on AP Economics! :D
Bad credit score ? Inbox for details on how to GET ON THE PATH TO obtain a 700+
#Avengers. Might be the best movie I've ever seen.
So in an effort to up this Tweet game, I'm offering FREE passes to the show this week for RT's.
PowerPoint is designed to crash if you break that rule.
inbox at 5
If I have the time, like now, I love nothing more than sitting quietly and watching cookies baking in the oven.
This is the saddest part of shawshank redemption.
Love taking people to places in Jamaica they've never been! Next stop Lover's Leap!
i swear makes my freaking days! if u dont follow him, go follow him NOW he is extreamly funny!!!
Damn, bizzy, bizzy. No time 2 twit. Lots of music. Recordings, gigs, bit of writing. Waiting 4 my new bass. Teaching both schools. Blasting!
Get me to tonight!!
i gave the bear to him(: (i'm biebersbakery. haha)
Yo! TXT 440081 to 22333 and vote HopDrop for People's Choice Award! Contest void where prohibited. Sorry Tennessee!
Kiddo in the OR for hernia repair. That moment when they go to sleep is kind of the worst ever.
Hey Dwight do u think u be back before the playoffs start? cause orlando needs u 2 bad.
(: so how you been?
easy rod
#JackWhite music will cure a common cold
No, but eat cookiesRT Q8: DO U EVER WORKOUT WHILE WATCHING THE BIGGEST LOSER? IF SO, WHAT DO U DO? #BRITACHALLENGE RT PLS
No giant. Just a huge Nazi asshat casually destroying nature w/his effing balloon.
OMG . SO ME AND AUSTY ARE IN NYC! I love being in NYC. I'm all warm and what not. I also might be seeing my BEST FRIENDS. p.s shave me austy
Plaza Singapore=D
feat. Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and more. Saturday, October 8th at Ashley Pavilion in Phoenix, AZ. I can't wait!
I ALWAYS TWEET IN CAPS NOW, AND IT STARTED THANKS TO YOU -_-
LMFAO she is so dumb! tweet me on my personal tho doll
My gas tank has turned into an expensive, needy bitch...
Today's Highlight in History: On May 13, 1992, the Falun Gong movement had its beginning as the sect's founder, Li Hongzhi, began publicly
Thx for the new followers! Please RT us so that we are able to reach many more and make a difference in a child's life!
its cool as long as you keep New Albany in your heart
Reading the press kit for #STS-1, research for Somehow #prelingerlibrary got the press kit, though lost it in "Florida" box
errhm. Kinnda. Not a ton but i hav some. Do u?
Wale in stores today ambition
Dear Fr. Darrell Roman, It's been a while since we last met, I hope you & all sweetest heart of mary family are doing great. God Bless. H.Q.
i think i put too much water. the bigger problem is that i need to use better tasting protein.
Too many superb options to choose from! We are looking into offering tea pairings, any suggestions?
Now i am missing my daughter and my man edward
RT : Anna Davis, of #Nebraska, was born at sea in roughly 1872. Imagine being the mom!
Could be the difference between influencing or manipulating...or...empowering or micro-managing...No?
scribble is the goal!
You got it!
Sad to miss #FoodieChats tonight! First night of a summer course! I'll back back next week. Have fun guys!
You can be comfortable, or outstanding, but not both.
A trip to Ikea yielded many awesome fabrics...what to make!?!
Union station today. Come one come all
Siva Kaneswaran you need to follow me
Your born naked... The rest is drag.
77 days till All Time Low <3:)))
ex:Mgr doesn't bet on Mon but bets tue. does he put in his star reliever in the game mon if needed? or save him for Tue?
;( You need to come to the West Coast!! <33
It really trips me out how I get so down and in a dark place, but then can pick myself up & start a new day with fresh perspective & energy
if you ever came to Chicago, my friends and I would die to see you!(:
My heart was broken and then this nice fellow picked the pieces up, but decided to drop it and leave.
not wilson homie?
i dont know, i just think it would be funny because i've never seen them dancing e_e
1800s - The seriousness of the situation has escalated to the point at which it is no longer a laughing matter. 2012- Shit just got real.
Just when you want to do something and your starting too suddenly everything seems to be working against you uhh life what a pain in the @$%
At OU, we pride ourselves on having well-rounded student athletes. RT : I love football and I also love ice skating.
Morning everyone..busy day today. It's survey day, we'll talk baseball with Matt V. and Stephanie Sutton will be in the studio.
Thank you! I haven't -- my e-book ARC expired before I could get to it, but I want to read it v badly.
Who loves orange soda?
Happy birthday to !
Music on. Must focus. So much paperwork to do before I leave for the beach tomorrow. Really don't want to get stuck working from the beach.
Your favorite Midtown park? Mt Vernon Sq Eutaw Pl Sumpter Maple Leaf Historic St Paul Morrison Contee-Pargo Park Ave Sqs Fitzgerald Lion Pk
#Celeboftheyear is ... I just want to steal his voice, then I will be all set.
If you've run out of weird things to watch on , I recommend "Cool Dog".
My pleasure. Thank you for writing it!
what are the chances that you wake n bake in the morning?
I asked because I thought I was going to be able to but I cant
Watching Dance Moms and eating a BBQ chicken salad.
Yes: it's asymptotic.
this goes for everybody: IF U DNT FUCK WIT ME 100% THEN DONT FUCK WIT ME AT ALL...THAT FAKE SHYT IS POINTLESS && N THE FUCKN WAY...
Better than most airlines! ;)
#SignsAPersonCantCook You fucked up food that comes with directions.... *hangs head in shame* Lmao
Spoke with someone today who told me advertising is dying and that no agencies in DC are growing... just a tad bit skeptical on that one
Happy Birthday best wishes to the most beautiful twins in the world. #;) :*
It just was! I can't explain it. NOT THAT IT MATTERS NOW THAT YOU DELETED IT.
remember? You picked that one up back at bob evans
The fact that people are more focused on the weeden pick shows that he is going to be a good qb.
Holy fuck I thought I was the only guy that likes that!
Okie. I need some ice cream. The guy who drives it hates me!!!
“Play nice. Unless one of the other kids wanna fight, then you have to kick the other kid’s butt." –Mushu (Mulan)
Happy almost birthday !!!! ILY!!! Follow me :)
You're a trooper! Looking forward to hanging out and grilling you about #Ico :D haha
Arrived in town at 11 am. today. Little traffic, pleasant commute. Can I come to work that late every day?
Glad to see our badgers can pull out beating #1 Ohio state AGAIN without me there. Beautiful
You live and learn by your mistakes. After a mistake pick yourself up and keep on moving down the road of what's called life!
At 1pm: The Color Wheel, one of the favorites of AF staff.
Sign up online for free. I've been to the show once but I didn't get picked. I now know mainiacs are the only ones called up.
you're such a hater! I know you're a fan at heart tho! #LakerNation :)
or I would trade la for a top 5 pick in this draft and start all the way over if I can't get a second star!! Rebuild ground up
Awesome beer selection at ! Loved the Cocoa Molé!
no he's just gay
muchas gracias my dear! was a good day w/ our families:)
ha! “: So does this mean that we cover Braun going to the Yankees tonight? #insidejoke”
oh yeah! It was a blast :) Def have to go again soon..
Thanks David! How are you today?
It's 's session, so you know it's good.
CHEERS we'll all drink to that!
I've been here for you though everything, what more do you want from me? I mean I give you everything I can...
eventually it does! let me know when you want to talk speech pathology!
RT : "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." David Brinkley
Kreider looks like he's been playing in the NHL for years
Follow Your BLISS! <U+2665>
Back for TaeKwonDo. Overheard a 14 year old girl complaining about her extensions....umm. What? A little young for that.
Lol get on Animal Jam
RT : Aye..its going down again this sunday inside the Key Club on Sunset 9039 Sunset Blvd..
We're all one in the same.
I know right?
good luck :)
I am more afraid of an army of one hundred sheep led by a lion than an army of one hundred lions led by a sheep. ~Charles Maurice
Really regretting NOT getting tickets to tonights #brewer #cubs game.
wow that's awesome good job
If I had hair I would have a blowout for sure
Who likes #WWE? Tickets for WWE Presents MONDAY NIGHT RAW SUPERSHOW at Pepsi Center go onsale this Saturday at 10am!
No gigs in Memphis this weekend-we're heading to Union City for a wedding. I hope they're ready for us! SNOZ weddings are a sight to behold!
Aggh my knees are still burning!
When we taking that MAP shit?
Dance today(: lots of funn(: <3 'back to the eighties, back ti the fun' (:
Who are you rooting for in the Playoffs to win the Cup? Trick question, I know...
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty..
Just tell me when, i always have time for you!:)
Can't trust anyone anymore
Working on an assignment & listening to Chester Bennington scream.
45 min cardio check now of to gym for back,biceps and abs. Then 10 rounds sparing this afternoon . All in days work.
This game!!!
Thank you Thank you Thank you for coming down to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday! Join us again next Sunday at The Mission Theater! XO
On your nose on your ear .
I'm great, how are you?
Feel like ballin all day today
Yay!!!! I'm so excited you get to come celebrate my bday with me!
GoDaddy really needs to stop calling me. Every time I get a call from them I'm convinced it's a phishing attempt until we hang up.
i get soo offended when people call me mean names....
I needed about 30 more characters. =)
kinda like playing the Raiders (for the Chargers!).
why ppl spend more to save?
Getting down and dirty with Set Top Box Audience Viewing Data
Thanks for the RT!
Wanting the Jordan's coming out they already out back home size 4 1/2 anyone lol
AP: A Mega Millions ticket with all six numbers sold in Maryland.
Glad you're excited. We're excited coming to the Bay Area!
weed is a smart drug huh!! lol
Elevator tweeting
Beyond THRILLED to move back to Santa Monica next month. I want to shout it from the K-Town roof tops but the ghetto birds might nab me.
We are excited to pick up our order tonight for our work event. Mini cupcakes yum!
Intelen's next big thing coming up together with cloud Energy and Building Analytics 3.0: upgrade existing AMR and Meter intelligence...
lol ooh..I guess I hvnt really paid attention to his verse
hahaha, great :D I'll tweet you when we're online then! Pretty soon I think :)
Miami people! We're making rounds tonight, selling/delivering tickets for our show on the 7th! Hit us up for deeets!!!
I need to get out of this house already
Think you know your Pasco Co. facts? We're having a Pasco Trivia Challenge at 12 NOON! Winner gets a follow & shoutout from
Stop a Napoleon's on your way home from work for Show Tunes & Cocktails 2.0!
We should all be very clear about one thing, our business is not our life. Our businesses should be supporting our lives.
S/O TO ALL THE INTERS CAN'T FORGET THE BOSSES S/O TO THEM AS WELL FALLOW
#Honey you can't describe, how good it feels inside. <U+E106> -
Defo click to follow button with this guy right here. He's pretty chill!
It's nice here, but it's bipolar; it will be 40 degrees warmer on Thursday. My allergies and my joints hate me.
there's just something about a guy with pretty eyes
what about you?
and during 08 crisis, they became a fed-backed 'bank', so taxpayers are supporting this...
I absolutely loved it. I love talking to you, I can literally talk to you for hours. I love you <3
lol shit i cant call it.. i cant me a old ass father
Congrats ! Next up: MSU at 1:40pm ET tomorrow. See you at & !
At zoofari. Great event. Great food. Magnetic Springs water available to each vendor!
Been playing MW3 for about six hours now.
Rich Marlene aka Mr. I breaks pussy
gotta hit it one time or maybe three -mc magic
i been so irritated lately
Hey Today is Monday. That means #muffalettamondays is in full effect
Smh.....for who? Oh I heard we not gettin the bonus.
I'm sitting on your couch!
Note: Tweets tagged with "ms" are from PR guy , not jimmy
Mr. Nice Watch your profile alone is one for the books. Thanks for following me today.
keekee is a cheep ass girl.
Fornicators... Bone up!
too easy an answer as a Gunner...clearly its Koscielny
the r going to tour during the summer!!!!
"We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves." - Galileo Galilei This explains the genius of ÆSOP
ew im gonna puke.
hey :) thanks for the follow
OMG THE BOYZ
- say hi to mom! - I am a 3X Cal grad, but love working at Stanford! - all fine here despite working all day Sunday
Thanks for the support and encouragement of my babies and !
I can send a package your way if you direct message me your addie !
Tonight Wright Way Master Classes NYC will be working with the Book Of Mormon Associate Casting Director - Kate Boka!!! Super Excited!
nah but he'll be released or traded
A year ago today..i lost my mother to lung cancer.so today i celebrate life love n laughter..life is 2 short to waist time.
This All Star game finally got interesting
does trump look as old and pale in person?
Thanks to the MAN for wakin an takin care of me an my fam
Oh, should Yu be surprised?
Believe EVERYTHING you read on the internet! :P
Listening to #SaySomethin . Im so pround of my BEST SONG EVER! I love you<3
Breakroom bound to drink beers with Billy, Tommy, Danny & whoever else at the station is interested.
had a great time - see you all next week
The Rockies play here in Colorado against the Padres tonight at 8:40 p.m. ET. Go, Rockies!
TIL all birds of prey are referred to as "raptors"
Lol look at my last tweet (:
"You had me at nitro."
wait. Just coming in on this. #Fringe got renewed? Can I whoop a little?
Las Vegas & Laughlin Nevada Hotel Rooms 30%-50% OFF
Wigs, weaves, and tracks, oh my! <3.
drink drink, drink some water. #watercheck #starting early today
Then im just gonna wear a napkin on my face!!!
Why CAN'T YOU HAVEE A CONCERT IN TAMPA ?!?!
Victory wings @ the peanut w/ who else is coming?
Send me a shoutout
hey! I missed you here! How was your day and work?
Ack! Sorry I didn't respond, I didn't check Twitter until later in the evening. I hope you made it anyway.
We are truly honored!
You can't take life for granted because life's to short for that shit #jadakiss<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
RT : #Bears WR Earl Bennett just told that and are expecting a boy.
I love cardigans ^.^
What a weird day..
Now Tim Bullis is presenting the "Back Story" to us - always a fascinating part of the conference.
In palmyra for a customer meeting. What an interesting town!
I didn't know you ran too! How'd yours go? We had the here today - great day for 13.1
woulds u follow back
Track web-based data. Hope everyone knows this! Quantitative data combines with qualitative: who is posting? When, about what? -> why
9 Home Runs today for the Tigs... Awesome!
flip on, samurai.
On cloud 9 after last night's computer class, students excited 2 build their websites, tons of conversations, watching semester come 2gether
There's some beautiful options on Woodburn.
ur coupons r deceptive. Ive never been able to use one but it gets me in your overpriced store. Will spread the word to avoid u
I deserve the best, & I will find it.
No WH photog pics posted yet from Master Lock and MKE, far as I can tell - anyone?
Really want to see live again
You bet your ass we are! (b: 10/21)
You're welcome! Thank you, , for your generous programs....
I'm on my game today and these hot wings are helping things out too.
Amazing VMA performance by
Someone needs to get their head in the game for tomorrow!
's such a jerk, but I love him -- not rite now though :/
ah, she's a mistress to many. :)
Vint Cerf at Arthur C. Clarke Awards: Clarke, Asimov, Hal Clemmons, Heinlein gave us permission to think crazy thoughts & Freedom to imagine
are the tdf dubstep remixes gonna be released?
Make that updates on Green News, not just new products
GJ, what a cool site u have! Can't wait to explore! Thank you for following Best of Philly BBQ!
"I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali."
thanks. I hear it was bobs bday. Happy happy ox
i <3 u, watch u everyday, but recommending sugar substitute in a segment on fake food?? rly? harley i know you can do better
Interesting Fact of the Day: In the final 3 minutes of the #SuperBowl, there were 10,000 #Tweets per second. You can drop your jaw...now.
That's the best compliment I can get! Don't worry, there will be some lighter options coming soon.
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes, I really appreciated them all!! Hope everyone had a good Christmas!! Now on way to Dome!! Who Dat!!
My least favorite teams 1) Vikings 2) Cowboys 3) Giants
Lots going on in the D this weekend! We'll be planting trees with the Mower Gang and banishing evil hobgoblins at Marche du Nain Rouge!
Thank you for remembering us!
How far the #Aztecs have come. Usually heading to Vegas worrying about Bubble Teams...This year #SDSU is fighting for a #2 Seed. Awesome!
Ancient Philosophy, great class. No complaints.
When I read Twain's letter I was immediately reminded of all .'s "buy gold now" & "herbal hair growth" ads. SameSame
The second act!
GREAT THE SUN SHINING
RT : Would love it if you could visit Franklin Park!
I am soo swore from that ride, and I gotta wear heels all day.
RT : The Seven Practices of Successful Medical Interpreters: Being a medical interpreter requires more than just lear......
final stage of mixing. then mastering. then songs for you.
Eager to moderate Thursday's PSAMA program on social media & healthcare (Harbor Club 11:30) with speakers Jennifer Seymour and Cary Badger.
Next week sometime? “: I'm at The Varnish tonight if anyone wants to come say hi. Well, and drink of course.”
NYC Fact: On April 30, 1789 the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated at Federal Hall on Wall Street.
you're pregnant with niall's baby? AWWW.
Thank you guys!! You're so sweet for doing that, April!!
THIS : The true criminals in the #TrayvonMartin case are the police, who shook off the killing of a young black man as 'self-defense'
doooooooode! first no school, then i dont getnyelled at, then i might go to the lock-in, now this? holy shit best day ever
not really good. I'm doing homework hahaha.
Only now realizing the joy that is David Gilmour's guitar riff on the outro of "Sheep"... Little gem there...
thanks for your support and top-grade film program at GMU ~ chico
Great job in Cleveland last night!
yo fellas our bands canceled tonight. Wonna come reck it???
Success lies directly underneath what makes you most uncomfortable
I have been thinking about some upcoming 50 milers and enjoy your articles.
Nothing makes a man feel better than his lady .... ( Girl I Got You ) < just came on -_-
Just make sure your clothes are in the dresser and the closet doors are shut!
You guys are beautiful no matter what people say - Demi lovato <3
Can someone please tell me how much the Wednesday night show is to enter? Thank you! :)
Good luck to everyone running the Marine Corps Marathon #MCM!!!!! You can do it !!!!!
K12Live is like a bridge connecting talented educational people with each other. Check out our List and build your PLN TODAY!!!
Thanks for blogging about Eric Dompierre! #EducationWeek Latest news: Dean likes the MHSAA's proposal! LetEmPlay.us
In many ways I can accept michele #bachmann but she is not true to the ideals of the #teaparty. She voted for the #patriot act, again. sick
where at
westside rentals. Gotta pay a bit, but they say it's the best.
man hve seen dat downloads on limelinx bro stupid swag
I look good today...haha
#classicblackmovie The Mack
« Banging that TM:103, Can't wait to buy the Deluxe edition Tuesday... Oh and sippin champagne»
The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it. Once you are doing exercise regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it. – Erin Gray
"*Fire alarm* Teacher: okay kids, single file line Student: move bitch, um about to die"
Foursquare members, check-in at "Baltimore Blizzard 2010"
Sux when the link doesn't tweet as active! Blah!!.
Ead Simon has done a great job there. As close to the old Asher program that I played in as there has been in last 15 yrs
Thanks Harry! I am enjoying the coffee this morning. RT
Coffee came out my nose - need to not drink and read ur tweets at the same time.
omg i was kidding too. i didn't mean it that way. sheesh
that is an incredible view.
#IfTwitterWereHighSchool all the catholic school girls would hate on us!
now im drunker than a motherfucker -dances-
Just saw one of my online students in person. He was way taller than I expected!
I guess I didn't mention it? I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my baby brother has a baby.
yes but can no longer trust either
Hello LA!!
glad yall are enjoying...
followed but follow back
Cant believe im still up like this..
Purple day birches
can u deliver some <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
...Blake lively, Victoria justice, rihanna, Megan fox, candice swanepoel, miranda Kerr, mila kunis, miley cyrus, Jasmine v :)
Rolling oaks I'm here
Vargas is trash.
I'm trying really hard to get into this new Used album.
I AM A WOMAN. I WANT TO CRY OVER NOTHING. I AM GLAD YOU REMINDED ME OF THIS. I SHOULD CRY MORE. WAH. WAH. WAH.
Lord have mercy! Hahaha
My best friend, , no longer loves mee...
Actions speak louder than words.
I MEAN ITS BEEN LIKE 6 YEARS
A hug for you means I need you. A kiss for you means I love you. A call for you means I'm missing you.
Haha! If you can pick up Andrea, then she will sub in for me. I know, but I gotta be there for Drew Doughty! <3
Can you believe the author is Wittgenstein's nephew?
You could do better
I just think he wants a piece of you Manuel, LOL!!
What's the last book you've read?
Yea I know I got my issues Why you think I f**kin' flow?
Auction LIVE Now! #Film Posters,#IPAD2 E Colfax c'mon down and see unique film items!
yayhooo!!!!! All your hard work in a perfect nutshell.
I would say the trust is already gone as should the relationship.
Just like #EvilDead and #ArmyofDarkness? So bad, they're amazing.
sometimes i feel like an open book. other times i feel like an open bar. get it while it's free.
yeah , but I would still dress like I just got out of bed no matter what school it was.
man I am so tired today...what's up with that? time for some coffee and a trip to the gym....step 1, get up and brew
you know it gurl
Waz poppin tonight?? I'm down like old people.. Holla @ me doe
“ Progress is not created by contented people. ” — Frank Tyger
im sorry i didnt get on again :/
I know everyone's just waiting for me to fail, & I'll prove them wrong.
Siting around drinking tea now that the coffee is gone.
I don't even remember the rest
great! So exciting! Please email me so I can send you the info! Or DM your email! Thanks!
#Badgers with just 1 turnover so far, forced 4 from Indiana. Classic Bo Ryan basketball.
Compared to say, Cleveland State, they do. Thanks for such a great event.
so good
Had one of those once...they aren't fun.
high school isn't as bad as it seems, don't freak outt!
Its Hot As Shit Outside .
I'm so confused?
Did you know? In America, estimated weddings 2,230,374 Where are most weddings held in the world?
break legs, sir!
You're welcome
Continuing the recording process for our song "Dangerous Dames" today. Maybe even a live stream? we'll keep you posted! 12 PST
LOL I'm guilty of doing that myself before. :-/ At least we're at the GYM.
"well Paul I'm actually waiting for you"
analyst China Martens started in med school, then switched to study Chinese before she got a job teaching computers
There are 4 avatar award items as you progress through the phrases. I spent three straight hours talking to it. :-)
hahaha I hope said that..
So you'd have just bit the $600 million screw in the behind?
ibaka, westbrook, durant, harden... whats crazy is all four of them have all-star caliber talent, not just westbrook/durant.
man the NCAA tournament is bullshittin!
UNC for life
ill have chloe.. :-/ I figured of if we didn't play basketball it be good..lol
This is my camera. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
homie my triangle defense is on point ..
i love u!
Only Tuesday and I'm already counting down to try Chiyo Sushi this Fri.
The Mew York Times, an NYC newspaper for cats.
My son "Lil Ryme" is performing @ Club Evans on Saturday night April.28,2012.Memphis,TN.
Is that Peter lorre?
Follow all of the Digital Humanities live tweets at
I remember when I was a kid, customer service meant something, pride of ownership meant something. #Boxwire hopes to bring that back.
Just stepped into a puddle and the rain went into my boot. Thanks Burberry wellies.
nice!!! Well these guys are in a band from the UK
Taco Bell drive thru? Yeah, fuck it.
Oh wow that was great.. :D
Listening to music :)
Hopefully picking up the boy and then grilling will put me in a better mood.
Monday is going to be an awesome day. Tomorrow we will have College Night AND Banana Pudding Milkshakes will be available!
Age & money collaborate on smartphone penetration (and much more not noted on this survey!) Smartphones 48% and growing....
Can't stand this shit anymore
just talked 2 my ma. she sounds good so i can unclench my insides 4 a while :-)
that's who I usually go to, but my tattoo artist moved
west coast. Thanks :(
Signing copies of my #books at the Clark County Library in #Vegas! Come on out! Here till 4:00...
freaking awesome!!!!!
Hey everyone mad at , was every joke you've ever attempted funny? No.
Bahahahah u just made me laugh outloud!!
good luck on your paper!!! Can't wait to see yo FaCE tomorrow ! We must <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>out in celebration of ur graduation ..<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A>
RT : I've mentioned before, but I recently lost my main job. Anyone know of anyone looking for a nanny or freelance writer?
I agree w/u. Also, Rachel gives me good vibes. Think she'll be there for a long time. Jennifer looks like joan of arcadia. Eww.
Hi gay guy gals follow me love u mwa
Thanks for sharing our tweet!
Cloud Browse 4.0 with full retina display for iPhone 4 and 4S is now available!
Play suspended for the night due to weather. Game will resume tomorrow. Details on the way.
Just ask :)
Really, quite good. Lots of discussion, questions, feedback. Good to have and helping out.
Haha did not know I was so difficult find / add. :) Found ya
Watching hop in second period
Fun! Can't wait to see!
Hard at work planning Boston's first Vertical Fashion Show for our Grand Opening on Wednesday!
You're more like the Kiwi Greek Chorus for all of us Chicago tweeters!
They are rebuilding and saving money. It had to happen sooner than later.
I bet ends his night apologizing to his fans. Teary eyed.
I thought I was the only one aggravated about that. I just gave a short interview about being mentored in your craft. So the tips..
Headed to Lady Bird Lake to watch the Winter Warrior! Chilly temps but clear skies
oh good luck on ur project!!
Good morning tweeps.
Just got home from the gym tired ...
how u been
we can.... what u wanna cook? Cuz we ain't got groceries lol gotta hit the store.... I wanna make more chicken gnocchi soup
Ever wonder what influences fashion on female form and identity in America? It's an intriguing subject that #anhkc will discuss today 12-2
I agree, Michael. The German Conference at Harvard was outstanding! Great speakers - most thought provoking!
Happy New Year, Laurine!
Happy Friday everybody :) do any of you know of a bar or liquor store in Milwaukee that has the West coast beer Olympia? Gracias
dude was looking pathetic on live tv
thank u :)
what team are you talkin about?
Human Dignity For Sale is live on kbeach...but stick around catharsis is commin on in 15
Obama just said if he had a son he would look like #trayvon. That is a powerful symbol.
lol I'm good. Gettin ready to start my day. U?
“: A study found children who were spanked had lower IQs on average.” >Thanks, Dad.<
Women don't care about money or sheep.
Woo Pig Sooie!
is a bully she trying to burn me with her straightener ah help!!!!!
Party is cancelled
gl today man
august, august, you are evaporating...
The Type Connection website is going to be a great resource for inspiration. Thanks!
Fairgrounds Field in Robstown. Used to be home to an independent league baseball team before they folded.
One should always have a life plan. If not, will fall prey to someone else... and guess what they have planned for you? Not much!
I'm hella irritated & i don't really even know why.
He's playing well. Starting to see him develop some more offensive moves. He's been working hard on his game.
"you can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness..."
don't forget the controllers... don't let him lol >>>
Dead battery...It HAS to be! ;)
Still stunned at hearing singing (well!) bluegrass yesterday. "Ain't it a shame to drink on a Sunday...?" Yep, and I have video!
Josh Hutcherson is so adorable it's hard not to love him c:
Hey Linda. Can you tell me about your Spain sale? My clients are ripping on me. Your help is so very appreciated.
": your a chef ? I like to eat :p" yepp I love to cook Im really good at it too :)
check out Newsie it's been called the Mercedes of Google readers for the iPhone.
Hahaha you have no friends.
Sleeper no more. RT HBO renews "Enlightened," cancels "Hung," "Bored to Death" and "How to Make It..." lat.ms/vISJhl via
Thank you and congrats! I will pass it out to the front desk staff!
because you are amazing I want to ask you this, What do I do if one of my friends is always flirting..hold on losing space...
WWW.reverbnation.com/zigzagdaarsonist . Bang this for ya good morning
So I'm working late moving a whole lot of data and media to our new back up server...but realized I can watch the game in our client suite.
Remember, the First Place winner in the Last Way Station Mega Book Tour Sweepstakes wins a Kindle Fire!
. #sallieson #shirtoff #snorkelon #insidetheNBA please make a rap out if this I beg of you.
#Rockthered ! Let's go
lol, no... mini mart my friend works at in town.
i know i say this every week, but this has seriously been the longest week
You & should do a morning show. I'd listen. RT : Ok, so let's come up w/ a show idea for morning show....
Thx for the follow! For any of your #Vegas needs let us know what we can do for you. Cheers!
for the first time i opened the plane window and watched our ride from LA to Ohio. #conqueringfears planes suck..but i'm getting better
HAHAHAHA yes it is!!!
I need instructions on how to use this instagram
Rejoice and love yourself today, cause baby you were born this way.
I'll try to believe in that. Just not now
Any goodmorning mentions ?
I've used Max & Mult Oppositions. Really like them both. Lynn Williams' SCIP software really helps generate stimuli
thanks bro
If you have to resort to violence to solve a problem, then you've already lost the issue...
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
3am and I'm wide awoke, WTF over!!! Time to shoot out text messages and see who is up.
My wife says I tweet too much so I decided to tweet that...
RT The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. ~ Albert Einstein #quote (via )
Quote for the day: "Talent is a gift, Character is a choice." Coach Larry Brown
we're giving away goodies so follow to find us after the show
isn't she adorable?! And yeah, she's pretty smart. Not a baby though, about 5 years old :)
Knowledge, networks and capital are your biggest weapons in the business world..
Saw a picture on tumblr of gummy bears being drowned in Smirnoff.... #MouthWatering :9
Team Jacob or Team Edward??
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
“: woke up feeling very strange this morning. not my body, but my mind.” stop drinking syrup with French Montana.
Sounds perfect. RT : Sitting outside, drinking out of a mason jar, listening to it's the simple things in life.
Hope it went well!
A human can hold in so much, until they finally blow up. Cry, scream, complain. Sometimes they can't control themselves.
i refuse to ever use a PC in my house! U know what it stands for right.... straight up (P)iece of (C)rap :p
#ReasonsThatImSIngle Because i am waiting for Marriage. #read Genesis 2:24
Brewers Win. 1st in the Division.
# wov12 kara swisher: we r Moving out of a geeky phase in tech. Like how we take electricity for granted and do not worship it
Tax rate inequity. That's REAL class warfare!
Ahh! Well, when you want to expand, we have a cute little town here in the hills of Indiana you can use. :)
make me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
haha anyways.. Im not even tired u tweeker. I saw #kingofhearts and she gained some weight... do u have the full song yet?
Incorporating the first thing can only help. Rt ": I don't read books I read people"
After silence,after cries,after thoughts, u realize life goes on after that frustration,after that happiness,after that pain,& after sadness
I told you the odds of the Mega Million were 1 in 1,760,000 but I meant 1 in 176 million. Just a few hundred thousands off.
No I don't know who's coming... I just thought it'd be... Tense if even a couple of them showed up.
Now with Stephen Wolfram on computation and its impact.
Did you just get them?? I'm still stuck in the virtual waiting room :(
How much paper has that sucker gone through so far? :P
watching & learning as presents their virtual CIL lightning Round-Up!
The refs favor Robbie Hummel like no other
Ready for the easter egg hunt
we're looking for coaches in the MKE area...and help or suggestions would be great!
Want to make a change in your life? You can change anything! Find out how at the Center of Light-Milwaukee.
OLLU Softball - Won 5-3 over University of the Southwest
for realzzz!! I can hear her saying "lamlam baby" in my head right now!
im tryna make things right
Wind gusts up to 50mph on New Year's Day. WIND ADVISORY from 8am to 8pm.
#thingsigetalot I LOVE YOUR DIMPLES : ))))
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im gonna do charity work && save Africa.....
SPEECHLESS IT WAS AMAZING my mom was signing to it too I LOVED IT IT MADE MY DAY (: <3
Venti Hot Chocolate
HEY. 25 is NOT old. (says the 25 year old.)
RT : Pumped about 's sponsorship! We love their Greek yogurt & now eating it supports TeamUSA!
I still strongly believe Brittney Griner is a man.
even if you dint follow me
RT:I was born fatherless, raised a slave,turned to Dark Side& killed my true love."Borderline personality disorder"?Bite me CNN.
About time to tear up the links. Better be stacking that wallet
and I send like 4 more.
I'm getting way too carried away with PowerPoint already...
#IWishPeopleWouldJust remain in refined light while I'm trying to take their bloody picture.
I don't care. Kamani Hill still > Edward Johnson
Work now, play later
is a fan freaking tastic writer... we can all definitely learn a thing or two from his writing.
very very ugly! Never mess with Directioners!(:
I`m looking for a house
RT we love They're catching sets , Afterburn, and Switchblade Glory on Saturday. Are you?
wow I told you the fix was in
In the deli
Tour & facts by cell phone at the Miami Seaquarium. Good sponsorship opportunity.
Happy Earth Day, #ColoradoSprings! We're excited to be here!
AUDJPY 38fib didn't hold. Risk just took a dump.
All the need now is a win tonight and they wrap up the division and conference
that scares me! Lol
You bet Liz, my pleasure!
#ohreally you think your Chris Brown??? lmao
RT : It'll be Friday tomorrow which means you should call in sick and get up to Breck for our closing weekend!
The library breaths / Words, pages, whispers, secrets / Open up a book
Where are my tax returns!! #soimpatient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother Support your brother Sport brother
lol. where u tried to go to. xs?
BBDC TABLES ARE SOLD OUT FOR NYE! JOIN US AT THE BAR FOR A $40 COVER CHARGE WHICH INCLUDE A MIDNIGHT TOAST!!!! DJ THERESA IS IN THE HOUSE!!!
Girls have to go through a long list of painful things. the least guys can do is text us first!
oh you're partisan political pros! Cool have fun doing them both.
They've been planning the UI change for awhile. Maybe they're using the redesign as an excuse for a reboot? It's unnecessary
is at a shooting. Early reports say 3 shot.....working to confirm that information.
Omg. send me that original pic of her, I want to make one hahah
looking forward to having you All City Event in April!
Hey. Keep tweetn'
Yeah, that is even more crazy-talk then your class. Talking and human interaction are good. Plus, it meant I could avoid my paper :)
Hey dude. Wanna meet somewhere in the hotel and I'll show you the wonder that is ReelWorld Mornings??
Flying into Dallas in the morning. Weekend ok n Texas/Louisiana, should be fun!
Damn i have litterally like no tweets on this account wow
: When you master the art of being fully awake to this moment, you bestow a precious gift on your soul – the experience of love.
I don't either! Please send me the logo, can't wait to see. Busy=good! I've been in a creative funk this week...must get out.
RT : Getting pumped for LinC!! Follow us
AJSJDNZMSHDKSLAJSKDLDH!!! Up by 7 with like five minutes to go. Winning this determines whether or not we go to the play offs.
I actually would fuck Jennifer Lawrence if I was lez, BUT THATS JUST ME. :) lol
we'll be waiting patiently for your NY visit ;)
William Allen White in a music video once more! My cup runneth over.
Alberta's Last Thursday is from 6pm until 10pm. Please respect! You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
Sleepy after a GREAT workout. Hate that I have to wake up again for laundry
I swear the F I Weezy F Baby changes everytime this nigga wayne make a song...
do you want to have free peer-to-peer classes taught by ppl at #occupypgh?
RT You all should definitely consider following :)
seriously, shushed today as if i were two
where'd she go
Is it possible to be in love with someone who has absolutely no desire to love you back? Or tht they just hate? Or don't notice you? <U+2639>
LOL I wrote the 2009 article and am planning on updating it. Thanks
The secret is out and in the open.
Absolutely L-O-V-E !!! See you in class one day?
you sure? I havent bought my ticket yet.
Thanks for the mention!
Cabby and DirtBag with the SWEET dp. Lowe again is a
I spent 1 hour and 15 minutes Bicycling. 978 calories burned.
Obama: every child should get a world-class ed.
I looked for WAARF and the app crashed
On my way to the mall
Moms givin me a hard time again n im at the store w/out er.I just had 2 take a walk.Tryin 2 take ur advice.words I keep in my <3
Just updated my resume (Only took 6 hours). Now, the world is at my feet!
Oh my..."The Help" is just wonderful. I don't want it to end...at least I have the movie to look forward to.
lol and yh me and her talked she like jay so it's all good but yh I love all of them just I like Nathan a lil better
Community Organizers gain greater dependents/followers/supporters and POWER by exacerbating conflict or exaggerating, avoidance of solution
I just bought maybelline waterproof. Stayed on during my workout the other day. It was cheap too!
Get ready, #sperrywedding engagement party!
Mah hah. Still in the car. Sammi's sleeping. Finally went pee. About to be in camp Pendleton. Almost home... I want to sleep.
i'm at work twitting
did I say I miss myspace and hate facebook
wheres Grace Jones ?
I mean, I just don't want you to turn into one of those guys who use a girl just for bad things..
among other things.....
Who missed us???
Yeah buddy RT AYE LOOC OUT 4 MY FAM HE ON HIS WAY TO PERFORM @ SECRET SUNDAY!!!
#juxtaposition, its a word...right?
I am going to ace this anatomy quiz tomorrow!
Whoa. Go Alma Mater. Congrats Dave ": Dave Leach '97 wins again on Jeopardy! $78,000 and counting"
if commits to UK, how does next years team compare to the 2012 National Championship team??
Yes! RT : Thanks to for the great treats! #smcnsb We will have to make it there for a meal! And a mojito ;)
how do you make a youtube video??? well sorry 4 the bother.. :D
Some people like to make of life an infield, and to walk only within its paths. RT Jack Cust Walks To The Yankees
Geek night 2012 is coming back in Feb. This year we will have video games, prizes and so much more. Welcome back Geeks and Nerds!
Acute Bacterial Sinusitis - one cardinal sign is facial pain or pressure
You know what you should do? Follow ! Just press that follow button. Pretty please with a cherry on top? <U+E046><U+E43F><U+E347>
I've had this discussion with friends before. I'm so glad we weren't alone in our analysis of "characters."
Oh I am! And the doctors laughed when I asked about him being able to tweet from the womb, THE FOOLS!
Thank you for the mention!
never tried Sprout. As you can see there are a million tools out there. Hard to exp w/ all of them.
yes:P
I'm waiting for your response
#protip: Calling your behavior shamless implies shame. No shame = no need to say so. See: shameless plug, shameless self-promotion, etc.
Wow what a bitch bye.
na but they got more of a chance than the heat
them r really gold
S/o to the hoes that go to delaware w/ heels on -___-! BITCH its a fucking PARK! Fuck you tryna look cute for?
in bed.... How can i fall asleep?
What a shot
Its weird to me that in the age of #bigdata that we need movements to get the US to publish the statistical abstract, BLS and NLS surveys.
thanks for following. Do you train #cyclists?
what i really meant to say is im sorry for the way i am, i never meant to be so cold.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! May 2012 be good to you.
Amen! RT : We don't need a football team in Los Angeles...
It's officially July, which means I'll be in Seoul, South Korea in less than a month. Wowzers.
Austin Carter. Ok so you're going to do GREAT an extraordinary things in MIA. I pray that you succeed in any any everything
dude, that sucks. Sorry to hear that.
Hi Tyra thank u 4 all the encouragement u give 2 young girls.
Besides, who knows how to wait, always gets the best.
text me, asap.
Oh.....I live in Hillbilly heaven and a 2 bedroom house rents for $300..lol
4th quarter underway
can't get enough of, "Ugly Part of Me" - It's been on repeat the last coupla days...
..thanks for the retweet. Glad you liked the article/video! Therese'
Handle it like a baller..take that shit to the grave.
Successful day of shopping with momma!
Smile like a doughnut & peck like a chicken - DO IT
That really amazing moment when you have a five page essay due tomorrow, however then you find an old essay you can reuse instead.
iv had dj coolaid for over 20yrs so u tell me..
To secure your brand, spend more of your time networking outside of your company than within.
yea right
We prefer the second logo. And yes, always place the icon left of the text like you suggest.
Realized I'm emailing someone whose address is barthur. Naturally, I wanna watch Golden Girls with some vanilla bean cheesecake
Thanks for the follow!
appreciate your business Ryan!:) RT : 303 has been go-to since high school on the NorthShore
hey where in Florida are you gonna be ?!?! (:
K unimpressed that I am traveling to Boston. What is she gonna do, color all day? Yeah, that's what I thought
Good to know! We're heading back to doc on Friday so I will mention.
Working at the as usual.
my thoughts exactly.
Only a couple more hours until #PersonOfInterest's season finale.
New website and facebook coming soon!!
Today is garb. I wanna go back to sleep.
THANK YEW
Team work makes the dreamwork
Wow, but I'm wondering why it's so expensive if it's plastic???
Just got my Alice costume!! Now dress rehearsal for the rest of the day/night (;
lol do you ... Well hi im justin
sports ass? You mean ? That's not nice ...
"Which lens? The one that came with your Canon Rebel! If you need to zoom in, walk forward!" Love it.
idk, I think it's a strange coincidence that both things happened together. What I do know is, T sizzle tore his acl!
I really want to go on vacation.
Team head-to-head results aren't that important for an individual award based on an enitre season of work
It's Hot , I Want To Get Wet .
I want to be an actress.
haha yeeaaah unfortunately... I got more blood taken from me
where are you seeing this?
I hate a lazy female that doesn't do anything 2 keep herself up
Where are all ya southern belles from?
You represent for us Capricorns!!:)
that's a strange and frustrating glitch!
GO BEAT THOSE CUBBIES! #Let'sEndThisHuntingTrip
we love your bio. You seem like an original guy. Still trying to figure out what your business does? Can you fill us in?
not so giggly now huh?! :)
IM SCARED...
Great weekend by far with Kylee!!!(:
it won't let me order that unless i change the top from united states to united kingdom lol :/ thanks though! x
Never thought I'd see the name Joe Satriani on Twitter. You win a multi-colored guitar with hand holder.
funny how you didnt mention the major violation against bsu was in tennis....letting a non-student participate in a event...
There are a few flakes starting to fall in the DTC. And so it begins!
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
nahh that just meant what he was saying to them..he may be better on air than he is at coaching
Yes! now! (: pleasee!
Please welcome These Old Guys!
Friday night = always Thai from Mai Thai. Always.
I just found that out today. Why can't I think of these simple things!!
Behind every great man is a great woman
Someone's playing a too noisy game on Skype. but we love 'em anyway. LOL!
RT : . i'm planning to start a blog in next wks; my first post is "debunking the MBA myth." it's lazy MBAs that build...
Trusted relationships beat social networks every time. (they're called "friends") via Sammy Haroon at
To access Oracle support (for Solaris patches) you must have a flash-enabled browser.
Shep Smith nailed it: "Politics is weird. And creepy. And lacks even the loosest attachment to anything like reality."
Great bunch, so excited for June! RT
- Welcome Mark! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
#WWtheDudeD? Usually help me sleep. (metaphor duh)
"Six under six" or "Jared" which do you associate wit #subway ? Both are the same campaign
Polone: Hollywood's Most Important Phone Rule - Vulture
They should just arrest everyone in State College, PA then I guess. It's a small town, how could everyone not know?
your welcome!!
Just got on twitter
"I can fly-- oh crap!" xD
Great rounds today bringing it today!
I'm on the under/sf as well. That fg sets up best case scenario for both.
woooww your music is awesome thank u for following, "over it" is my favorite song, keep on rockin to the Lord guys
A favor is a favor when it actually IS a favor.
text me please
Santa Claus is coming to town! Mark you calendars for the 85th Annual Milwaukee Holiday Parade on Saturday, November 19th at 9:30am.
Our ego mind holds us strongly within the 3rd dimensional illusion.We must release this habit of holding onto the mind.
I'm just now breathing
DS: Bernard Pollard.
johnny depp in everything he's done>>>>>>> (except the tourist w/ angelina jolie)
Hi! I KNOW! :( you know we always hold on with hope!
Willow Smith - Whip My Hair.
Yes! RT : It's not a spoiler that Carl is the worst kid ever.
Tiger is still going to win this thing, but best of luck to Freddy!
that's awesome!!
Heat fans aren't the ones that brings LeBron's name in the conversation…. it be y'all salty ass Laker fans -__-
sounds like a deal. You inviting anyone else?
Hopefully Talia comes tomorrow.
My mom needs too give me some money for some drugs.
You Rock! Wish I was there...
at least you woke up to a capitals victory?
RT RT : The short term pain of change is far better than the long term pain of staying the same.
There we go Lebron.. drive it in
had a fantastic afternoon of music at the Newseum with my hubby and friends: Eli Staples, Mike Michael Pope and Jamieson Tobey!!
I cant do homework without listening to music .lol
Playing for country fans last night, clubbing it up tonight. I love people. Wherever they are.
girls on my dick when i dope boy swagg, bitches on my dick when i dope boy swagg hahaa #Jammin Hit
A7: Don’t want focus on me, but psychic toll of repeated layoffs is enormous where it played out. Probably underestimated.
is he black? i thought he was peurto rican / filipino?
you are not right!
Good Morning ! :)
New York would be lucky to have you!
I hear that shift was expected by the end of this year??
I'm good I see you over there with 3k of followers
lets go to a party!
Great panel! Thank-you everyone who attended!
Anyone have that Fighting Bob quote used at turn-in celebration last night? I'd love to have the whole thing.
Very nice pic!! :)
loved your spreadsheet though!
Thanks for the love Rocelle :) " <U+2665> your #music :)"
Hey I thought you should know I successfully opened a package of cheese in less than 5 mins tonight
One of those days where I hate everything
Exactly. RT : Choosing low maintenance, long lasting products v/s disposable goods based on price only.
#vra2012 Knowing your rights is the first and most important step to asserting your rights - Gordon Quinn
Twitter is desensitizing death.
TONIGHT at 6 p.m.: Freedom Riders documentary screening and pre-show discussion with Julian Bond & Larry Sabato at
Is it just us or does it feel like March in November? Minnesota leads 14-10 with 11:49 in the half.
who that ugly bastard at the bus with fake polo on
"Now here comes the high tide of all the memories she left inside. These thoughts are so consuming, she seeks relief and longs to be free.."
just realized im following Bill Nye. my hottest childhood crush for sure. lol.
Tues good east,west or in the middle somwhere?
Just got back from prom & the club. I am beat!
oh really??
Q for ILL peeps: a patron ILLs something, no one will supply. How many of you suggest alternate sources?
Long lashes don't care <3
Checking out the work of Helen van meene, hendrik kerstens, Jill Greenberg, Jordan Tate and Todd hido
You're simply a great person, don't forget it.
Crutches SUCK.
"Are you cold?" "No i just got the chills." "....so you're cold."
Got the homies coming in from LA this weekend to celebrate a bachelor party it's bout to go dine hol up
Interesting to hear Wiley talk about student's emotional needs and how they want to address them with their products.
going to workout after work to #BeGreat and stay productive
lol... I'm not comin out until i see some sun
Everyone I come in contact w lately has been speaking one of my desires into existence.... in due time
#BadCauldronSongIdeas Mama said Nagamura (Knock you out)
I take it you don't place it on a flat surface, OTHERWISE you wouldn't be moaning about it. I need to tell you something..
aw she looked good with long hair
yeah i update on random dates haha. & ahh yeah i'm just feeling weird /:
who's ryan Sykes #beingthick name rings a bell?<3
We love the new song by ah
Whats the time limit two (or more) dudes can talk about hair products?
LOL! Before I was a frustated singer! LOL! I can host too. You should dance, put it on video and upload it on youtube.
Why am I awake right now!?!?! My body needs more than 4.5 hours of sleep....grrr.....
I need a hug.
I like Nebraska buy 1 point , Ohio St. buy 1 -7 , Michigan to win buy 2 points take +3
If only someone had twisted their ankle & 1st alternate #Tebow got the call, he probably would have saved the Pro Bowl.
SO Ready For Late Night Tonight.. Especially After What Just Happened . Good Distracter :)
so aruba then? K great!
Try our Social Strategies. We integrate New Media and deliver results!
Was there even ANY contact? Far less than Ray Rice/Gary Brackett last week.
Running to peckham really quickly I need food.
Why do I like this spanish song so much? I'm not a beaner! I'm not a dirty beaner!
Reggie Evans is my favorite Clipper.
Looking up sources on academic women and writing for next week's #femlead chat makes me think I should dig deeper into this.
Finished a mix for the song Tilt by Sometimes Sweetness. Looking forward to mixing The Paper Trail's live at The Elbo Room (Chicago).
but is it "all the way live"?
Its another Wednesday morning but tomorrow is fall break so I'm happy bout that!
(In my best Pinky voice) So, what do you want to do today, Brain??
Shhhhh You! Its GENIUS!x
Opportunity seems to have an uncanny habit of favoring those who have paid the price of years of preparation. -Unknown Author
It tastes nothing like your delicious Kellis Cuppy Cakes :-)
Rise and shine early to get ready for playoff football. #GodBless but still laughing at the haters at home playing golf already!!
thanks for inspiring me to try an live my dream and act these quotes help me every day!<3 please follow it would make my day(:
I read your blog. I know your heathen ways.
where are you headed?
Happy Halloween From All of us at SenSpa!
Oh shit it's not my twitter.
If you knew the way my older brothers treated me you'd be happy that I'm confined to the internet.
Thank you, , for following :)
You text back an hour later,, so i'll text back an hour later.. works like that sometimes lol.
wahh no :( fine then abby good luck getting believe tickets by yourself.
“: if u guys were on #idol.... i would go nuts!!! that would be awesome” would <3 to perform on
hmm. didnt know my ex still had my number. lol
that sounds terrible. I remember when Jameson shots were a trend.
And the winner of the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development is... ! Woohoo!
your players are (jfb-ed)
Harvey's Restaurant and Bar on Castro St for dinner?
#Warm-up: Leg Swings. Stand parallel to your support on left leg, swing right leg straight out in front, then back. Repeat 10x per leg.
Just picked up a house. Not with my muscles but with our customer service quality.
And I never heard back from you on the benzo loan after your cat's suggestion.
You're false.
I LIKE YOUR
#4500 goes to
scifi is more realistic than we think, we might even live to see it. Everything is accelerated
guarantee Mizzou is getting a foul called on them here...
I like bootyhole.
Food labels silent on ‘meat glue’ Binding agents may violate religious, vegetarian practices. This issue is similiar to pink slim!
Anit too many like me left!!!!!
“: ordered 100 pretzels today from for our OktoberFest event tonight! cc/ ” thanks SEP!
Huh??? “: I ain't gay. I'm just saying....if Omarion shaved his mustache I'd fuck.”
It's Miller Time!
@ jonathanemartin #creativity is the key to success in the future
Hey hun, thanks for the #Toronto Love! Looking forward to connecting.
thank u
RT Now getting ready for dinner with and , with drinks with to follow. Xoxo
We currently dont have an international release date scheduled but expect to have news on this soon. Thanks.
A friend has a unique story & believe Ryan would be the best person who can bring it to life in either a feature film or TV :)
hey was their sicence homework?
I fukks with
I'm lookin' California...but feelin' Minnesota
Yesterday we just children..playing solders just pretending...in backyards winning battles with wooden swords..
Look at the spam email subjects: "My boyfriend left me. I am acqueline Santiago" LOL
you're to kind :)
u better call J.G. Wentworth! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"It's my money and I need it NOW!!!"
haha! Maybe I understand
Barracks row! W/ B^2! Meeting
“If you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
17th, works man. Shoot me an email, with pic,bio,
Needs to be a social media site for people who can't sleep.
Those three laughs that every music artist feels the need to do -_-
Ugh he needs to text me
Bears holding on to pre-markets. Indicators for negative open....Like this, yesterday. Reversed before open w/up day...
Watching Daddy's Little Girl.
Interview with the Social Vampire.
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: Keep stats regarding who links to you, what posts make money, etc.
i promise.... that was the tired speaking....
My reality today: I've never had it so good. Can't wait to be in NYC cooking. And playing of course
Well that was unexpected.
Kiss her on the neck and tell her everything is great!
New #favorite #album: Arrow, by #HeartlessBastards, which I've owned for about 45 minutes.
thanks man.
it's not just you- #googledocs won't load for me either
your not! And yup
Annoyed To The Max!!!!!!!
I just thank God for letting me play that last game with you
Yup I do.lol
WHY DID I NEVER SEE THIS??? Omg so awesome!
YEAH That's my girl!!! You deserved it! totally voted for you =]
Reminder: You can sign up for our super secret mission mailing list on our website: HoustonFlashmob.com
Ring The Bell Radio will be moving to Thursday Nights. More info to come
Thanks for mention! Have a good day!
microbes are
Y yes I do Hav an attitude problem if you have a problem with it its your problem not mine <3 =)
It's almost gametime! It's now GAMEDAY!
all day baking away!..new flavor (carrot/cheese/tomato) along with the crowd favorite (pnut butter) will be given at the dog paw park event
The best part of a trip is waking up at 5AM
“: For me, it's my Pokemon cards! I'm set forever.” gotta catch em all!!
"The opponents of action are out of excuses" - POTUS is getting some great one-liners in tonight.
well said.
rock it tonight buddy!
I seem to be unable to direct message you on twitter... Can you send us email at ? THANKS!!!
Interviewed earlier today by regarding WI "Castle Doctrine" law. Stay tuned for 10PM news and we'll see how it turned out.
When will someone offer an amendment applying a user fee to those who propose marriage at stadium with Jumbotron assistance?
Niggas be hatin' on my Pierce The Veil shirt. Dey wont sqaure up doe.
Today was a good day. I love spending time with my all my seniors.only have a short amount of time where we can still even hold that title.
Same for Graywolf. RT : A4: My internship at Milkweed was my entree into publishing.
OH! Lol! ;) Yes, definitely! That would be so awesome if you could meet him & write a piece on it! Keep us posted.
Covering Mother's Day, Father's Day & Anniversary all for $6? Smart shopping! ; )
damn lie.
"says when life brings ya down, get up, punch it in the face, and yell <U+FFFD>I<U+FFFD>m Chuck Norris!!<U+FFFD>"
Being greedy never pays....I'll stop sending them your way!
I'm stranded at my house without a car. Who wants to bring me a salad? <3
You was talkin sh#t...Until we were face2face....
Sounds great. I'll probably be down in the restaurant/bar. If you can't find me, tweet at me.
YES !! it really has ...but i knw we both just been doin our own thang so its understandable
that's what best friends are for! Even if we aren't always together, I can still help keep you sane <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
My friends are the greatest.
sounds good
watching the video of zayn dancing for the 947698347698th time..... GOD DAMMIT MALIK, WHY ARE YOU SO HOT.
If I didn't have a cell phone, I would get so many more hours of sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Thanks for the #FF mention!
When you're not having a good day but when the simplest thing is done by someone special, that one happy moment makes up for that bad day
I think dark chocolate is my favorite thing on this earth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Really? Wow.
Y U MAD LAMO!!
Looking forward to seeing you ! Excited to hear about your life as a dad. We'll have to share baby pics. :-)
Happy Monday! Have you submitted your film today?
What's SK? I'm doing okay. Juggling my time trying to look for a job and writing articles for a website. It's all good. Haha.
After #TriciaRose #socialjustice talk, told bullshitting #panhandler claiming to be #transit worker sarcastic "good luck!"
When my dad tells me I can't cook Bacon -.- that's why he's crusty.
*dies of happiness* RT : it's not much but here, It's from the Pacific(: ..... <U+2693>
I feel like I have neglected twitter today. :(
#Goodmorning early birds. It's Friday let's do what we got to do then let's drink!
I just remembered I PASSED THE FCAT!!!!
Follow Me If You Want To Live... night
#ItsABadDayWhen You ask your #Girlfriend to give you a #BlowJob and she responds
I want to see such meaningless phrasing banned from the English language myself.
Looking at peer institution English Major degree requirements.
You may be seeing it right, but the officiating still sucks. Progressively worse over past decade for some reason.
is it me
thanks for invite last nights mixer in Danville. Suzy n I enjoyed meeting potential candidates..see you 9/16 Palo Alto mixer!
Haha! Any war wounds? I wasn't able to take stairs for 4 days when I ran #toughmudder!
Working on Saturday is hard to do, but hard work can bring some money that's new.
“If migrants are seen as good enough to work, then why aren’t they good enough to stay?”
Fish tacos with the girls... then were watching Brides Maids! ...no, wait...I'm not doing any of that... and who are "the Girls"!?! -V
Open kitchen living rooms are so beautiful- and nice way to flow the scent through the house!
RT : At home students are unsatisfied w/an iPad v.1, says Nivi, in the classroom paper/pencil is supposed to satisfy
So y'all still want to compare Michael Jordan with Kobe and Lebron..
refinanceloan: HMDA revisited: the date is fast approaching for release of Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data for 20
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-47
Interested in Affiliate Marketing in the healthcare category for children? Check out our website for more info on our award-winning program.
do you have a preference for how to order boards and what to make as the cover image?
Just figured that my Fischer Vacuum Pro tennis racket (still in use!) is turning 20 this year! Michael Stich won Wimbledon with it 1990!
Yes, I'm that guy mixing Johnnie Walker Blue and Diet Coke.
- you - send me some pics :)
Does anyone ever wanna punch in the face as hard as I wanna on a hourly basis?
Chillin.. It's hot in ur room ... Blah haha or just bcause I'm here?
Tonight was a fun going away party but more excited for tomorrow.
As you have no ramantiki, you're not ideal, but I love you! Just because you are:)
If I ever own anything of value, I'm hiring Mike Smith to protect it.
lololol I'm having fun with this
Global Positioning Systems (GPS) conceived in the 1970s were fully tested as the result of the First Gulf War.
Riverwest Pub Crawl in progress! Run, walk, or crawl to Bliffert Hardware for plinko and free beer!
Woo hoo! Cute dress!
Love that!
Early May! I'm so excited.
wear a coat to work year round! that's the lesson we've learned :-/
meet & JazzyDalia & - Tom played guitar on the single I've been pushing...
i owned on halo 3 HAHAHAHA
Can't wait for the matches today!!! Barcelona/Real Madrid :lets go real madrid and Arsenal/Chelsea : let's go gunners!
"are you playing words with friends?" "no." "do you want to?"
Seeking (2) physical & (1) occupational therapist to work with geriatric patients in central oh
iPads impact at Faculty Connect - score: people w/iPads = 60%; pen & paper = 40%; laptops = 0. Different kind of digital devide.
im cryi bought UPN somewhere else cause the 1st day it came out in Canada it wasnt in Walmart. the copy i bought didnt have cards
will you please tweet us who wins outstanding wrestler?
We are!!!! Boys are doing great!
Well, I do know the 50 states because of it!
Hm. For some reason I can't get access to my DMs from the cli.
I figured it was auto correct or astrology, thanks :)
follow me :)
Signing off... until next month
This Sat we'll be vending the Dragoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 4-11pm. See you there!
Did some shopping today at Macys. The store was not too crowded
“ major league do major things let them bitches do hater things . #rich”
North Texas' Chelsea Hermes wins both the high jump and shot put in the women's hep to take an early lead in the competition.
Red wine & dark chocolate are such a good way to end the day...you agree, Miss ?
Merry Holidays y'all! Butter!
are u guys stoping in west virginia? If so when and where?
This is Zoies friend Tasha. I just wanted to let u know I'm amazing!!! Ya ur jello I know!! Love u! Peace out!
How can I love you if you won’t lie down?
Would it make you jealous if I said I met Slim Aarons several times? Wow, never thought I'd get to drop that name.
#ThatAwesomeMoment When you thought Jordan Jefferson sucked and then he finishes dead last 315/315 at the NFL combine.
one of the sweetest tweets to me...thanks!!!
Tomorrow is the best time to get those projects done you have been putting off. Share what that is for you then get it done.
Died and went to heaven in the Thank you Debbie for all your help.
Dear #msnbc and advertisers, When you put Ron Christie on your air, I CHANGE THE CHANNEL.
The best b-day present ever would be to have or notice me! <21
LP Thursday! Come listen to records all day or bring your own. Happy hour 4-7pm, wine tasting all day-4 wines for $14. All CA wines. Enjoy
#IfIRuledTheWorld I'd still need to get Grover Norquist's approval for all decisions.
Baited RT : You need to read the comments thread from my Q&A at The Daily Gopher. Holy fuck. I either got baited
I love your tweets! Very refreshing...
That's just weird. Cool, but weird.
The Hollywood arsonist needs to be captured and BBQ'd
If you want good music, you need to follow
It was good to see ya! Thanks for coming
i fall in love with you a little more every day. <U+2665>
dear future, what do you hold?
I gotta make sure my 100th instagram picture is epic. Maybe I should take a picture of my dick...
its on my computer and happens to envolve you two lol
Good night everyone,.... sweet dreams
hahh hilarious and true!
Did you know that you can have 90% blockage in your atreries and have no signs or symptoms? Hmm.
Hmm... another "more GIS than web" mapping talk at #httq. Interesting to see how "web mapping" fits in this talk.
u don't even know my bday
i just might be the first person to do a major paper entirely on their iPhone while at work
June 12th my birthday. ima cop that RT : MY EP "1991" WILL BE RELEASED DIGITALLY ON MAY 29th and PHYSICALLY ON JUNE 12th!
I just got butter flies over a boy!
Welcome to Dallas where a BC alum was just elected mayor!
The money bag is on 5th st in queens! Join @ nychunt.com if you know the location!
wow, thank you! so i guess we better "bring it" next time!
Whoops. I had my glasses on damn it. it's The Hour U First BELIEVED !!
thanks for spreading the joy
Lmao ^.^ RT Got a kiss in the wain from on Thursday! :D lol <U+2665>”
My number is 0014
Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
Interesting. Are they official accounts?
thank you for sharing the info!
Stopped for a water break with 21 minutes left in the first half. Game is scoreless
Nah, it's not anymore!! :)
Adub fan trivia: win a shoutout! 1st to answer correctly gets one. Q: what's 's dog's name?
just reminding you that I love you and your amazing!!!
oh my grande-butera, i know right?! oh i wish i can have her perfect voice! She can hit ANY note!! she's so talented<U+2665><U+2665>
I'll take that back . Prod clearly enjoyed that . Him & Roc gone be talking bout this for years !
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, donate 2 a need Ask how!
Way too many have mentally chosen not to leave. RT Sometimes...I just want to slap the high school out of people.
you're a whore, and I don't want you in my life anymore.
I love how pokemon white is constantly sold out but black is on the shelves in surplus...
Excited to be live-tweeting 2night's #SOTU with ! Let us know what you want to hear about
Thx for the #follow Follow my friends - they
C'mon JetBlue was the original go to example of companies doing good things in social.
loving We are Young playing by on also voted for Some nights for #badass :)
Walked out on #JoyfulNoise last night. Predictable plot and very bad acting. #Fail Felt like a Tyler Perry version #Glee Don't waste your $
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Dear Churches chicken okra, Thanks for teaching me how to drive standard with one hand & thanks again for being so damn delicious!
www.facebook.com/teamtwilightuk
good luck Timmy! So much amazingness surrounds you right now!
I want to be a hot model like the ones from victoria secret! *dreams* and be filthy rich <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
my dogs name is bella too :)
we sure do- across from hot topic! there's also a JT shoes across from the cafe du monde
I wanted to talk to you after your show at the Roxy last week but couldn't find you. It was good seeing you boys again though!
Love Chris' bk too (he knows!) Should be required reading
Pedicure for me :)
Excellent, thanks!
friend of hers owns The Hub.
6pm tonight , Lyles Center, we will be screening "Something Ventured." Food and drinks will be provided. Come hungry, leave full & inspired
the round red fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Enjoying The Hoodoo Gurus' amazing STONEAGE ROMEOS album for the millionth time. Never get tired of that one! Every song's a hit!
whatever race had the most zeros. 93-97
Last soccer game. #wishmeluck Hangout after? Alright!(: Well ill be home at 9:30 with scores.
Gonna be behind the bar all day tomorrow at . Even if you want to, like, nurse a beer & compliment my outfit or whatever, it's cool
Where's my bikini body? I ordered it like 6 months ago..
Errands and gym later :)
Astonishing how fast your view of the world constricts once you give up the pursuit of knowledge. Keep your mind open. Never stop learning.
Flemings burger is way better than JJs. Couldn't pass that up.
Please lord let my basement be dry
I can always count on you for ideas! There are certainly a lot of bingo cards to choose from on the internets.
Gold on the Ceiling
#tbj have to go with the truth just on the basis of him doing it for so long and he also has a post game love harden though
3 runs then hold them, please!
awesome please do!!!!
Thank you for all who joined us for day 1 of "The New African Democracy" We will meet again tomorrow morning at 9am
Clashes reported in #Bahrain between security forces and protester today.
You know it!
"#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb" hey haters, would you like a side of fries with that large order of bullshit?? lol
sick of living here
Watching snl reruns on netflix and I think Jason Sudeikis is cute. I have a thing for funny guys...or had I should say lol
NAEA Museum Ed Div embarks on the creation of a national research agenda to articulate the value of art museums for learning.
Just got out of #HungerGames. No one told me that it's essentially a violent remake of "Coal Miner's Daughter."
will be back soon!
#foodcon for the win. Good food drinks art and air.
It's the great American conundrum. Why are the Kardashians still famous?
I retweet a lot, sorry.
I'm so Hyper today! :))
": Guess I got my swagga back!! #coachellalive"
Bo got tender!
Rock Chalk .... or something like that ...
i'm shooting a music video for "shot's fired" this saturday afternoon.
ok im gong back to class now
since when i hate:/
Tattooers/painters should I get an iPad?
Having a garge sale pretty slow
Thanks for the follow. Have a blessed night.
Super mother's day services going on at at 9 & 10:30 this morning! Come on out.
so excited, sleepover with hayley on Monday?
Harry Nilsson springy Sunday
perfect day in #ATX - so glad I can enjoy it AND do some creative work for clients.
Hope everyone enjoys the beautiful weather outside. Have a great weekend everyone!
#GamerPickupLines They don't call me the Tomb Raider for nothing ;)
Most of the people are leaving today from LoveVoodoo, but I am staying thru Wednesday! woo hoo
RT I love SF drafting LaMichael James as he will bring to their offense what Darren Sproles brought to SD & NO.
wait are you calling yourself a jackwagon? Lol
It doesn't seem like any artistic compromises were made on LaMontagne's part. Gotta get paid, no?
can't wait to watch him make history again. Going to miss him in Rio though.
call me
Isn't that the truth!! :) Love it!
i almost went there for dinner tonight!
I'm gonna name my child sheik yabooty.
I would sooner read a timetable or a catalogue than nothing at all.
The chips and soda underneath really cap off the shot
Did you like that? Christine is the most fabulous photographer/designer/creative genius. She does everything for Cristo Rey Jesuit!
One thing I will never understand-begging a celebrity for a retweet. Is their acknowledgement of your existence that important?
Megan Fox pregnant: ‘Transformers’ star having her first baby, reports say
I didn't have to, did.
Traffic is so bad that I am able to tweet. It's not like I'm actually driving or anything.
amazing so ballzy to to wait hand gesture than can a 3. He & Mugsy were legit.
Just saw video from Indiana state fair :( </3 so sad
You know it's been a bad day when he says he needs to take out his frustrations on the woodpile.
The Silent Assassin Brandon Roy, one of the NBA's best change of pace and clutchest player's is retiring! A very big loss for the game!
that is great!
that was hurtful
closing the "Dan" chapter of my life. it's been fun but i gotta let you go and do me
Super excited to spin at the #NightHeist party tonight. It's going to be a night to remember
Thanks im very grateful
The Bridesmaids cast is hilarious!
can't wait to see what you learn! #gdgtChicago thanks for stopping by
I've been told.
hey right back at you! :)
Nothing more relaxing that watching the waves! Which beach are you at?
Tonight! Greg and the Groovemakers perform for a fitness benefit concert at the Cultural Center! Everyone is welcome to join in the...
waking up with a big, wide yawn. bet you can think of something to stuff in my pretty mouth besides breakfast, huh big guy? cum on then!
: too many negs to keep. bloat like u said. 2 app pages of crap. cal app widget non existent.
is everything ok
: team on today tune in now xo
is the best. <3 your tweets ;]
Name that cute little Dog "Precious". KLG or Hoda called it that yesterday.
“A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth.....”
You're right. I had two today, two tomorrow.
Good call!
YES. WANT THE LINK?
My boy bought his chick over yesterday she say josh yo kick game serious I say them my old shoes
He's our great person of everyday here!
Strategize this week! Monday's are professional days of new beginnings. Today can make of break your week! Plan it with success in mind!
I am at a lawyers dinner with what has to be one of the pastiest men in America and Great Britain. True story.
Wondering is he thinking about me
Interesting...": Mediator overrules MLB, orders Stanley Gold/Disney family reinstated to #Dodgers bidding.”
is packing for WWDC and Shanghai.
Easter in the always seems to deliver. Needed win though. Just keep punching.
I was thinking and
I switched to stevia months ago. Tastes better than many sweeteners & doesn't give me headache like aspartame.
#Charlotte peeps: watch WJZY Ch. 8 this evening at 10:35PM. I'll be talking about how the North romanticized the South.
Aye Batman Robbin needz your help I herd hez trapped in minor league football
Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored Bored
And god knows if I even still have it… I gave away so many, I'm not even sure if I'd ripped them all.
Happy New Year!
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks for the tip!
Crosby just broke his stick over voracek's leg. Uhh no slashing call
There was WAY too many people in Cheesecake Factory today!
I'm sorry... Its just that there's tornadoes touching down.
Michael is so full of himself. Lets just jump him already please?
If lebron don't game us 4 game then I will never be a fan or his
Terminal cancer <<<< knowing some of my great friends are leaving me in like 8 school days.
Amazing!!:) RT Boys & girls get into LOVE because of misunderstanding, And break up when they understand each other.
Beginning post-production on a campaign for !
Springfest was a success. 6 freshmen went to the hospital, a couple arrested, a trashed campus ... but I think it went well.
aw. i miss porch time too!
Quebec City can have them. Let them deal with this shit
hey gurlyy how are you??
Yay ! My mom made tamales :D
So two minutes ago.
Wow. Did not know that.
New song is sounding nice guys! Keep it up with the follows and the likes, we really are thankful!
you is ah-mazing son!!! I love you!!!
Just finished our interview on Forward with !! Thanks for having us on and being a great host!
Politico hed failure: "Hollande Sauce a Losing Recipe?" I'd have said, "Hollande Days Source of Speculation"
It does get easier Melissa! Trust me. Today I ran for about 2 out of the 3 needed miles straight. It works.
Mo. lawmaker says he is gay, denounces school bill
oh hush .___,. you're the pretty one, diana c:
“: JFK=>LAX=>HST. Hell yeah.” Are those penises?
Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive
Exhausting weekend..
THINGS NEEDED: wine, nail re-fill, hair cut, pedicure, Popeyes chicken, a million dollars, family, friends, blessings, Jesus,
woohoo I'm excited for you..have a blast!!! Hope you see Joe :)
Enjoying a burger and supporting at the same time what a combo!
So much to do today before my flight leaves... 3 Circuses. 15 days.
Spending Valentines day with my best friend #loveher <U+2764>
Right now I like to think is sitting in his office listening to The Gambler. Definitely went all in
Individuals of a particular age should not say & do such #stupid things. Is this what your teaching you're kids!
Im down as always!
wes gave me a bunch of them in the beginning of the season so I just gave the rest of the tickets to him. So he's got them all
LOL too funny! : that's a bet brother ... And trust me will earn it, and when she does exclusive to you.
you smell funnier than you look.. Some sort of body spray would be a worthy investment? I know, I'm gonna give you a bear
I hope that all of you have taken time to thank your wives and mothers for all that they do - I am certainly grateful for my wife and mom..…
Hope #NYR get the #Flyers in the playoffs, current score over the course of the season is 23 - 8.
after yesterday's wkout.. i cant get out of bed
D-Wade is a bitch idc what neone says
how true..
where are you this year? No Q for you?
bro u inspire me, both to grow asan artist, & taller. Aha!
Wow! Made it on the 5pm deadline! lol. I am loving sticking to my new plan and definitely not stressing out.:) Enjoy your evening, din time!
Jump-off's are seldom asked to jump the broom!
Retweet if u want a shoutout!
R u doing OK? sucker punches to the heart hurt too much. RT : I will take anything but another sucker punch from...
Hey All...if you have Spotify...my music is now on Spotify...too many sites for me to keep up with but I'm glad the music is out there.
I like a guy who takes initiative <U+E402> its kind of a #TurnOn <U+E405>
if beauty is a flower, you would be the whole garden :).
FUCK YALL NOT YU I MEAN ALL OF YAL!!!!!! N MI NIG VOICE N ITS
Laying out at 524 with >>> class
#RobertsGirl (; your blowing up my phone with your RT's!
Kinda but one more hot tea and ill feel better xD
Every time one of my co-workers refers to one of my ex co-workers, he always calls her "the girl with the nice titties." Every. Time. (sigh)
There are 3 people in front of my house yelling vulgar things and hitting eachother.
aha. I thought of you while tweeting that. Has it ever been warmer at MSP than the Lee County ballpark?
School is over! Time for football.
Oh em gee!! You're Hannah in Sleepover with ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Yr welcome! “: Thanks to for setting up the tour…Great presentation on sense-making in the present.”
Two days til our next show of Veronica's Room. It's really an awesome show. Special Discount Tix through our FB page for Sun performance.
Santorum complains about BO "pitting one group against another" after vowing to void 150,000 gay marriages
So glad this kid is finally wearing a helmet on the crotchrocket. His face is far too pretty to be splattered on the pavement.
Scalia is owned by Corps and& Koch Bros won't support #HCR as it costs Ins. Co. $ & they will pay him.
Sarah Palin had dinner with Donald Trump in NY. First thing she did when she walked into the restaurant was shoot the squirrel off his head.
thanks man!
Life is really mysterious you can never tell what's going to happen until you get there...
maybe next game lol....still love them!
what? I don't know! I'm not on! But ill have a computer soon! Miss you too:( but dude did you notice his accents gone?!
woah. bad dream.
About to check out how Reuters journalists use social media to uncover today's stories. Should be interesting.
Happy (belated) birthday to Pete Hernandez! Anyone else have a birthday coming up?
Your on my list
Realize the possibilities and potential are within, waiting.
the whole reason I like sleep- escape reality
Suddenly I want Brussels sprouts. Steamed with a little butter and lemon juice.
good friendship always create a good relationship.
thank you, stoked that you like it!
Win a VIP TABLE for Paradise Visuals AEE Party w/Ron Jeremy TONIGHT in .Follow & RT!
At Menlo Grill for lunch. Possibly the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had...
Ten’s favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagner’s music: It’s not as bad as it sounds
Congrats! Jefferson District Champions! Boys Basketball.
Wine and sushi with my 3 valentines
what do you expect we're on fire!!!
Paul E. Gray~ The most important outcome of education is to help students become independent of formal education.
you got it!
lol you ate too funny.
SBD readers: interested to hear feedback on the new "Tweet Pic" feature in MB & CB.
Screen press manufacturer, M&R, broke a world record. Printed 1909 prints in 1 hour with 1 press operator! Great job guys!
Waiting for to get home, I misses talking to her!
what was your topic?
Are you serious with that press conference outfit, Russell Westbrook? As Kevin Durant would say, "Man, that's messed up."
#SinceWeBeingHonest I just had to run out of Hunger Games for a min cuz tears was comin!! Oh man, that was heartfelt!
I thought you were running?!?
well you know what they say.. Great minds think alike
#NowFollowing >> Follow Back!?..
This white teacher listening to Faded lmao.
4 words to describe Quiet Company. "It's a damn celebration".
A rare dinner-and-play evening out: first then Long Day's Journey into Night
RT : Proud to be sponsoring the Mid-America Economic Development Council Best Practices Conference, May 16-18 in Kalamazoo,...
If they need help, they come to the Godfather :)
NO INTEREST PAYMENT PLAN FOR IVF! CALL FOR DETAILS 310-209-7700
It is a beautiful day! Sad to think I spent it in school then at practice -_-
Still, gotta give credit to for streaming games. Hoping the can do the same this season!
#uknoyoughettowhen you haven't checked out Mojo's World yet!!! What are you waiting for???? :)
u just made it the worst bday eva
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing. ~ Randolph S. Bourne
Oh no! And you didn't fill the bathtub! At least it's a work day! :-/
I'm walking down the street eating ice cream!
Looking around and wondering who the hell are half of these kids?
We share a fruit weakness. Are they grown locally?
Loving the #avengers profile pic sir
i remember when people would find out that i used to live in hawaii and would ask if I walked to school barefoot or lived in grass huts. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Michael made us pasta salad. I adore him for this. I really do.
Sounds extremely painful..lololo....
DONT @ ME IF IM NOT FOLLOWING U RT : “ Too good bro! RT : WHO HAS HAD AN "In and out burger" ?????”
That tweet gets the repetition badge.
New phone number..... Inbox me for it...
Hm. Guess I can no longer say I haven't tweeted lately.
Sometime those random thoughts you have are confirmed when you pay attention to details it's called questions and answers
Sitting in the hospital starving.-______-
government's role in supplier interaction is much more prevalent outside of the United States.
Romney never got punished for his bully behavior... November will be the perfect time for that.
Tell me why i always fall for ur type.
I just woke up I wanna go back to sleep <U+E409>
getting ready for 'International Blues Day' with such little notice would be no problem...
Sound design, recording, and mixing of 8 spots in all three suites with 6 isdn connections in one day.
Who wants my old sweatshirt? After the admin summarily liquidated #ktru, there's not much on campus that I identify with.
ahh lucky! Have fun! Hope you're not the murderer because my mom won't let me room with felons haha
Sometimes I wonder it you know what is in front of you
It's almost game time. CANNOT WAIT FOR THE PUCK TO DROP to see who takes home LORD STANLEYS CUP
Old age is a challenge which to most elders is not welcome
The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life
HEY AUSTIN I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME HAVE THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE ON FRIDAY!!
thank God
You’d just have to find the local maximum of <U+2202>delicious/<U+2202>n.
thank you spread the knowledge spread the love
thank you! I am very positive today! have a great one!!
Back in buffalo!
That nap was amazing, work flow in a few <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
If you stop sending me ambiguous, one-word subject lines, I'll stop deleting your emails. Deal?
I closed my ebay account and started selling on alienbids.com No Fee's for anything! great chance to make some true money online no schemes!
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy Mother Goose and her nursery rhymes.
Jk I'm still going ah why me
Loving LOVE GAME nails for her Power and Control video!
Good joke, Darren! RT : MUST SEE: Dan Majerle catches ground rule double w/plate in other hand
Boycott Rush or we will Boycott you. You've already had a rough 12 months. Don't make it any worse for yourselves.
Watching Pineapple Express
Years ago, I was a bit underwhelmed about ProTools' waveform displays compared to Sonic Solutions'. Now in PT10, they look like Sonic's.
Special #SHOUTOUT to all of my new
well, : suggested videos of #indiana's breweries - I like that idea
fact: drops bombs
True dat bro...Glad to see they got honored though.
that sounds good to me lol
I'm just a lucky slob from Ohio who happened to be in the right place at the right time. Clark Gable
Tomorrow's the BIG day! The winner of the #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway will be announced! Can't wait to see who the lucky couple will be!
Wish I could just stay in bed all day. But no, I decided I needed to start working out. Blah! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
your boring.... -emma
#ept2012 watching two wizards n redsox yankees show more of elky in super high roller
haha no your not! BUT HAHA I TRICKED YOU ;D
I will follow you, CEEJ.
RT : Thanks for the tour and hospitality for today's Meet the Media event.
that's what happens when all the big stars get hurt.
I'm less of a person for not going to #cubs opening day game. But i am
we're all gonna miss you. Hope you visit
happy bday lets get sum pcp and wild out
No No. Vintage. Renaissance. Refined. :-)
fellow #PS3 #COD #MW2 gamers......how is the new map pack treating ya???
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
LUCK's cancelled?!? Gaawd Dammit. Fuck those horses why is this happening to ME??
Did you use the scooter cart?
About to get started at the Orchard Ridge Community. will be here any minute!
random guy at the gas station: "you are gorgeous. beautiful. have a nice day." Thanks. have a nice day too
um I just threw up in my mouth.
-- its supposed to come out in 2013. So, I'm going to assume its this time next year.
Job numbers up, still the GOP is "unimpressed." What would it take to impress them, the 2nd Coming?
wow; that's quite haunting
haven't thought of that yet.. could be a cool idea! any other songs you would like to hear covered?
If it can clean battery acid, can't possibly be that great for your system...whether they say its safe or not.
Ed: YELL YEAH MOTHA FUCKA YEAH MUTHA FUCKA YEAH!! Us: HE'S SO HOT. *dying*
|#quotes Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they already possess all the tools needed to acquire great wealth.
Anybody see the Michael Jackson movie? What do you think? Let us know...good morning, central Ohio!
Sometimes u need to just go for a walk
Love post-rainfall LA. For a brief, shining moment, there isn't any shit in the air and the horizon extends as far as the eye can see.
New Haven. Chugging forward!
I love getting the attention of a room full of men when I walk in wearing a short skirt suit and high heels. They tend to salivate. LOL
Thanks for the RT's & trying to get me more followers!
go ahead, let her tear you apart. just know i never would've done that to you.
wow - that is fancy!
It's not mini golf unless you play through a castle.
Where do you get your news? Twitter (says 1st-year Journalism students at IUPUI today)
Indeed. I put a lot of time into getting Washington Establishment to be where they are - atop one another.
We haven't used Edmodo yet....but we'll try it! It was a great project & the kids learned a LOT!
Not a good buy but my two cents.
music=math=music=math=music
Tc's talent and voice is out of this world
Feel better!! :)
hahahaha okay! you need to come over too, so we can make truffles :)
You don't get to choose how you're going to die. Or when. But you can decide how you're going to live now.
Sure, as long as it's short. Focus on the assignment at hand & don't get distracted.
Happy Monday everyone!!!
So what did you think of Melancholia?
Ten takeaways from the Sony Ericsson Open
When Jim added SMALL SOLDIERS to his queue, Netflix recommended AMERICAN BEAUTY
Ice is falling from the sky in south Austin. Yes, really.
Just watched princess n the frog! Great movie
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack!
"the fans turned the stadium into a fortress"
Usability session starting now. Hoping for some nuts and bolts, not just broad overview.
Oh shit, I haven't tweeted in forever. They changed the layout on me. Guhhhh.
Swag swag swag on you! :)
Is power tough or expensive to upgrade? Saw that issue in my initial research and willing to tackle it.
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized. -Leo Buscaglia.
Dear...People Who Think It's Okay To Leave Your Dog Outside Barking All Day, if I was in charge, I'd lock you up. Thanks for waking me.
"The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting." - Vincent Van Gogh
Some1 threw Eggs at our new mailbox, who does that crap lol..........
Ikr txt me laptop has 2% left love ya
lmao, we'll have a ghetty just to eat mangoes :D
your dad must be a highly informed guy who makes great dinner table conversation.
After Brazil, Florida is the world's biggest orange producer, and more grapefruit are grown in the state than anywhere else on the planet.
Don't miss award winning stand J308!
To honor our presidents today we're working to support the national treasury!
All Facebook Fan Pages will be automatically switched to the new Timeline's on March 29. More info coming in the next couple of weeks.
random side note!!! I'm working tonite..
I got to see tonight and she was so excited hahaha.
i can giv u a white xmas lmfao
: just what the doctor ordered
We're excited to see what you choose! :)
sounds like a Resolution!
Woo hoo! RT Had a wonderful meal here tonight. The slow roasted pork prime rib hit the spot! Excellent service & great food
Tweet training for
Our trip to #Seabreeze next weekend filled up in ONE DAY! Craziness...
Only a few more days until 3 hits. I feel sorry for all the other PC games that will be trying to compete with it.
. we collectively bought the lie of 'info wants to be free', blaming privacy-victims for not submitting to this false inevitability
Redneck Tale # 67 – Ups and Downs by GusTheRedneck
All my ex's always come back in tell me I was a great girl all that bullshit smh it took me to leave for y'all to see I was a good girl tah
Thanks y'all! We're thrilled to be working with you guys to build something better.
boys guys like: BLACK HOLE SUN by D.M.Gil ~ sci fi + action. grades 7+. Text, storyline, cover, AND title deemed "cool" by my MS lib guys.
rose has a LAST STEP. MJ had a first, Kobe has a first. Sleep on that Billy.
We might be on to something...
I am at the ILF District 2 Conference.
Speed on or get #peedon one of my favorite of all time lol..
"A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students. -John Ciardi" Good one!!
#Illumination is so dope #HornyGoatWeed is my jam.. when a new project comeing out??
My room My room My room
No, but it seems like thats the right way to go. Have you?
#itAnnoysMeWhen People kiss my ass. Like bitch, I know you're talking shit on me behind my back. GTFO.
and quit spamming me fatty!
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. Greek proverb
Our first goal in exercise? Do no harm. Safe exercise solutions. This is MindFirstFitness.
How the f**k can u go a beach party (igloo) and dress up? That's just f**king DUMB!!! Its a beach party R-tards!
RT Get ready for your face to melt off, hope you have a good cosmetic surgeon to help re-attach it after tonight!
Don't do it!! I am the voice of reason.
very cool absolutely us too. Let us know the results! I told Kevin I could get a better score than him, where do we DL?
I have hockey at 10, you guys should come. I'll bring beer :)
Hanging loose at home hahahah
Possible homelessness come August. I have couches in LA, NY, ATL, CHI, BMORE though, what are friends for!
Looking forward to having you. Will it be your first visit?
Reading ”Fifty Shades of Grey” .. Let's see what all the hype is about.
I wanna see the Hunger Games. It seems awesome!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Jak II was just a big change from Jak and Daxter, I didn't like it.
I need new Haters, my old ones are starting to like me
Why am I not surprised?
'I've been in such an Eminem mood lately' 'me to!' 'yeah buddy! But you're always in an Eminem mood' haha
Shea Homes sure does build big, beautiful homes. We are HUGE fans of their work.
cant do it today but soon
I was working in the US Capitol, the Let's Roll heroes of Flight 93 prob saved my life. Peace, Love, & Remembrance to all.
i Needem Mentally Stable I be runnin In too small Minded Mothafuckas
": "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama /via " Amen !!
Did I say once twice? That's also when I first noticed my mild case of brain damage first.
Do they still play the "Let's Do It" clip -- remember that from the 80s at 3 Rivers?
yes. 835 Jefferson take a cab. it is $5. We're seated but are relaxed.
Thanks! We're trying to better integrate those CR resources (audio, video, text ) so that users make historical connections.
WORDS CANNOT EXPLAIN HOW MUCH ALEXIS AND I NEED A TV SHOW
If you need Chicago Messenger to pick up your mail during NATO week, we must have a letter of authorization from USPS.
My choice for next week, Falcons, Lions then Giants in that order.
What about Jamie Dimon himself? (Lead by example, Jamie) $JPM
Let's go #Tarheels!
DAMN, STILL WAITING 4 CSI, COPS CAME & LEFT, C' MON PEOPLE!!!!
Clippers play at 9:30 ish & Knicks lost BAD yesterday from Miami :(
thanks again, man! No stalking...I keep a loaded 270 under the bed..and a smaller gun on my body...peace!
do you have a skype with video?
is moving to the River Market! More info coming soon! :)
#Taurus are master procrastinators of the zodiac. (via )
amazing! We might need to see some pictures of you in all your new gear soon!
as they should be live it up!
That is very interesting! :0)
on !!! Love it!!! couldn't make anyone out, but I'll say it, you looked great!
Just finished "What Remains" the documentary about Sally Mann. Now I love her even more. What a fascinating artist. Recommended viewing!
Just Atee Chinese Food (:
&& thts real talk!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! T
We're in awfully good company aren't we!?!
Although it was also ideal in #Cambridge and
true, the whole store is mess right now, the app search sucks monkey balls
uh ya! i would sit there all day if i lived there
i kinda........don't like it when he randomly brings her up, but oh well.
Hanging by the pool! Happy 4th!
Rory on both counts. His game is too good to stop right now.
lmao the real housewives of ATL the drama queen one
Thanks for the follow Jenny!
Saw Mom yesterday (saturday). She's more like herself, but nowhere near ready to come home. She doesn't remember being in hospital lst wk.
Fair enough. I do recommend the movie—really enjoyed it.
What a waste
ehh #whitegirlproblems the airport is always fun! Just people watch #likeacreep haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Please follow me, me and my friends love you and i saw you at the Navy Pier in Chicago
no it's not I was in a really pissy mood and I was just taking it out on u ur not a jerk your the complete opposite srry
Don't worry about your summer internship...THE INTERN QUEEN has got you covered!
Now back to the money tomorrow.
love ur hair
Summer is over, fall TV is here. What you watching tonight?
with too!
As COO, you must continually increase your learning, the way you think, and the way you approach the organization.
Four more projects in the works, It's gona be a busy summer. Thank you Universe!! I love it!!!
Yep no more violence on these streets
Between the Thunder, Clips, Heat, and Knicks the NBA is really fun right now
Seriously considering buying a pedometer. I'm wonder how many steps I take when I take my shopping excursions on the weekends. I'm spent!
but you weren't at the Jackson Village Hall were you? ;)
I think of Blind Ravi
lack of clarity. there are also letters of Muhammad's life from his time, but biography is later. thanks.
Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot. I just vote!
I'm such a wino.
SUEPR FULL MOON?!
dunno, couple mos to decide this time... gut react was more Joshua Tree but might opt for bday camping trip in Yosemite, wanna go?
Penguins one point away from Philly for the division...Miller v Crosby rd 1????
yes. We'll be self-effacing. It's possible that people are madder at the saints then teams w/ murderers, rapists, or dog-killers
Eating blackberries
Haha. What the hell are you doing in Chicago? How are you these days?
I was there, too. Dell (and many others) did not have booth babes.
and spank a monkey?
Channel 7 is showing BBC America :D
Includes Resolve?! I'd take one.
you guys are just trying to scare me tonight, aren't you?!
Opps, you mean people drive to ball games and want to park? The shortcuts the city & Marlins took are coming home to roost.
Busier than ever. But staying organized and hungry to do even more in the second half. Where do u focus?
nah. He was in hospital scrubs. Etnies on his feet tho, so...
Ah, and I are at ihop. Near a fenced in fire dancing party. Of course.
I feel like technology/social media "democratizing" knowledge can be contested though, as not everyone actually has access to these spaces.
One month smoke-free. Not too shabby! And it only sucks for about 8 minutes each day.
Bout to take ie crib and fall out no1 to talk to at the moment so sleep sounds great
thankful for the bag of sunchips stashed in studio. had gotten so hungry i felt puke-y. breakfast is important folks.
What kind of world do we live in where a soldier can't get his rocks off?
CAT: the litter box is clean again. someone is stealing my poop!
Many of the activities so far have introduced poetic elements: play with sounds and rhyme and free association, tied to vocab from the text
I moved to a new town no one knows me so if I killed myself no one would care
Happy birthday! :)
Thanks... I think she's waited long enough. It's been almost 7 years but my brother is finally taking care of it.
I know, right? I love my dogs so much. Stories like that kill me!
haha. You're welcome. At least I saw the important tweet.
Adversity is a mirror that reveals one's true self.
what are your plans on the Yen?
looks great! Good luck this season!
I refuse to be labeled by people who can't possibly know what my life has been like. It's presumptuous on your part.
DON'T ASK SOMEONE TO DO SOMETHING YOUR NOT WILLING TO DO YOURSELF
I just want to post a pic & show before I send it to her, surprise anticipation is too much for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Even if I told her, I doubt she'd buy a new one. We've been together 15 years and we have 2 kids. Mouth germs don't matter.
hey you have a couple of my records already...I am back in town let's do business...call u tomorrow
If Apples put out a iPnone 5 that looked like a classic iPod with the jog wheel, the stocks would fall on release. You have to stay ahead!
Anyone who tries to visit me while I'm napping is not ready for what's coming to them.
What is your vision of Chinatown?
RTRTRT“: Once a player always a player.”
will you ever notice me? and follow me?
Thanks so much for the kind mention!
very close to here. Did you live in New England?
Prints are big for Summer 2012
thinking of u n ur mom...thank u both for giving!...its gr8 for a boost in star power!
Thanks for the pointer!
Can I tell you how much I love FedEx Office? Let me count the ways...
heeeheeee yayyyy i finally drew domo! and an anime girl!!!!!!! :D
R U K!?!??! hahaha, double fudge looked like a mushroom again by the way.
I can play third base better than Mark Reynolds! Heck, I'm pretty sure Billy Cundiff can play 3B better than Mark Reynolds!
oh and there new album is on itunes!! yay!!! i love it! itunes.com/poema
I was like baby, baby, baby oh!
RT : RT if you'd killabitch for your goalie :)
Romney is just saying whatever he thinks that will get him elected. Hes not gonna do anything he says once he gets into office.
I'm not sure who wrote this, but it is unacceptable and unprofessional. It won't happen again I promise.
TRUE STORY. I'm still dying. :)
I'm going to look at your board to figure this out. Thanks for providing the link.
#iwish i was still with him
I am going 5 4 6 in the derby
Virginia Elite putting in a lot of work this summer very proud of the direction of the program
Sometimes u just have to roll up yr sleeves and get yr hands dirty.
Are you sponcered yet?
Ok so let's play this again! Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest!! #Niam won last night (:
It seriously is like a horror movie. Get someone to come take care of it asap and hopefully you won't have wasps in the house!
Congrats to all the college students graduating today.
Had a blast at the casino with & his family!
Teacher: What can we do to stop polluting our waters ?Pupil: Stop taking baths ?
(No offense, Steven Martin.)
Haha Sorry I Haven't Been On In Awhile!! Happy New Year To You Too!! (:
Look behind you. I'm right there...just kidding I'm like 1,000 miles away
Damn hearin these dudes talk about high school baseball is bringing back some memories
What do happy people know or do that unhappy people don't?
You have plenty of entertainment lol.
come home! Come home!
Getting that ass waxed lakers
bored D: someone tweet me (;
hope your ready for Monday! The countdown is on. Referral frenzy on Thursday when I'm in town.
Damn i havent smoke that smoke for one week, aint yall proud! Here's 2 drug free america lol
Dude, don't tease us with potential fill-ins for Dan during the Olympics...how many still at #TheMothership? O/U: 2.5???
I just wanna be successful.
I haven't had time to run. I'm either writing, cleaning house, or sleeping. And I can't run at 4 am that won't work
I already know what you're up to. Making movies and being famous sucka. T is for teddy is awesome BTW.
#Rams keep getting beat to the punch. Kendall Wright next?
Now making ready to move on
People annoy me so easily. I wanna go home.
NPA will be at a lunch with Sen. Weinberg tomorrow to talk LGBTQ issues! Thanks to Garden State Equality for hosting
awe, good! maybe i'll be able to come then. i just need a ride.
stoked to beat the shit out of tonight.
Ur time and skill is worth it. Think of the ROI ur client gets for their investment
Having a case of the Wednesdays? Tomorrow's almost here and it's Pre Payday Thursday! You can get $2 off of any combo. See you tomorrow!
hey man kent here call me9752989
Strange hearts beat alone
Just watched a whole episode of "living single" must be back home ;)
I wish they would see the TT. Thank You Joan <U+2665>
Amazon is no longer a fulfillment company. They are best monetized as a payment gateway.
Good afternoon Everyone
Some people like their fupas... Shit, can't hate on that.
i missed you last week!!! is your mom still in town? <3
It's cool to see people singing the "Star-Spangled Banner." :-)
follow me and i'll follow u
It was a good series for my Knicks even though we lost we kept fighting to the end
I've spent the past year with my best friend, I am truly blessed that he is all mine. Happy Anniversary babe
Just finished #CatchingFire. On to #Mockingjay! Loving the Hunger Games series -- not what I expected!
how are you , thanks for supporting
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million
Rushing to #SamGoody 2 get #AnchorMan w/my beautiful woman in the #Gaslamp! #StayClassySanDiego Have to brush up b4 the sequel!
#iCantDateSomeoneThat doesn't have anything going for themselves, a lot of kids & baby mamma drama.
If you would like a follow back just ask :D -Jesseca
Anytime! Think about that bottle Allyson...Think about it
Nothing-We just browsed-They had incredible tables from old metal conduit & re-purposed wood but the "artist" wouldnt allow photos
and now your making me wanna see it like right now lol
On the bus to abilene we go! :-P
Let's get people talking.
Disappointing Snowstorm.
Your followed now =)
when ever you want!
We are in search of a fresh new face to become a manager and member of the Milwaukee Ale House staff, tweet us if you are interested!
I think you just blew my mind. Put Neil Young in some black lace, and then I'll think about it. Hee hee!
Moves to make & money to get... seems like keepin everything in order is the hardest part!! Lol, I'm just playin, I love my life!
I'm Sorry Again. maybe we can be friends? :D
just gave a great speech. Made me tear up!
when do you get back to Atlanta?
fight intro music === intro by XX trust me dogg
It's Too Hot In Chicago !
Crap I made a mistake in that last tweet
good luck tonight... I'm going to be up there again l8r in month this time I'll b sitting @ 5/10.. Can't wait2 play up there!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: 97% females with mutant MeCP2 have typical Rett. Gene is on X chromosome and mosaicism leads to wide range of phentypes.
Confide needs to get back together ok
Hoping that my confidence level will continue to raise the older I get. When Im 50maybe Ill finally be able to talk in front of a crowd
have a good night sweet dreams ;) thanks again ;)
Stay the hell away from Derek
the super bowl ads are a great reason to tweet- sorry for filling your feed! :) what was your fav?
I second the bowling ball notion. Nothing impractical about it. Plus a total conversation piece at the lanes.
The ending of Titanic is so bittersweet when all those people are dead and that confused lady throws away that fancy necklace :(
Local love tonight at der Rathskeller with (LP Release Show) w/ The Midwest Beat, The Fatty Acids & Pioneer (Free!) 8pm
Everyone wants maybe he should have been the finalist for his team.
reach us at please do not spam
I'd ask for one thing and it'd be that you answer your phone!
Rex Chapmans voice always sounds like he needs some hot tea and halls
Don't pay with exact change at the tick tock diner; you will be spit at
#10ThingsIWantToHappen get through #lawschool without committing a major felony
great picture but why isn't Lauren in the middle? Haha it looks like its your bday
Every company coming out of the 2nd class of is killing it. Get out your checkbooks :)
. No matter what we gonna party tonight <333 I love you Justin Bieber . #believer <333
service learning as a positive way to show our schools
1st round of tourney he fought dude who won last year. Lost in the 5th. Good spirits though.
Busy. But made time to chill at the cabin. How was your weekend?
Suck in any harder bitch you might crack a rib
#Visual #Designers - want to be the first creative for a small & quickly growing SF #startup? Web Apps are the key!
You are sweet!!
That's too funny.
Another successful delivery. Explain to me why people still shop in supermarkets again? Makes no sense!
I know these folks ain't Tryin to have a foam party on a Sunday
Younger siblings are annoying, especially when they can speak.
Do you think you're addicted to Facebook? What have you done to curb your habit?
RT : #FF the new-to-twitter Wish all readers would leave half a dozen comments at a visit.
we really enjoy having you @ la cofradia.
If Soulja Boy came to the burgh, would yall go to his show?
Thanks. I stand and salute this info. Regards ...
took me to MayBerrys!!!!(: yummy!
promo me? shoutout? please? :D
I am awesome.
is so ready for a mini-vacay to Houston. Until then, seeking escape in a strawberry cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing. Must workout!
Also, can we talk the 4th? Because I'm unclear as to which days/weeks to talk off!
Thanks for rt :
This is making the #MayweatherCotto #FaceOff seem interesting!!! Z
will def check out a taping.. we would bring listeners tot the today show concert series. you were great with them! Sky-K104 NY
“: Prediction: Selena Gomez is going to be in the Boyfriend Music Video”
doctoral candidate too? What do you not do?!
*FLIPS TABLE* *GIVES UP* *WALKS AWAY*
yeah. Got it... makes perfect sense.
congrats Keria!!! We got big girls now Kimmie!!! Ugh stay lil girls!!! Lbvs
Your sinning will eventually catch up to you unless you repent. You are making yourself to be a false idol.
I hate whores! Why can't they be a lil normal!
lol I'm sorry to say I probably won't be attending edc this year tho, I don't mind going to rtb fuck it
Someone shd ask Mike Pence why he wants to make more children lose their mothers to cancer that could have been detected earlier.
A little rain won't keep me from enjoying a day at Wrigley with my friends from ! Go Go!
Look for Waiting For Superman, a moving documentary that points out the injustice & futility of America's public school system (on Netflix)
Why call a toll free number out of state? Call your Pella Fella directly @(505) 918-6339. Jeff Reynolds, serving the ABQ, NM area for 6+ yrs
weather & other unidentified crazy
heck of a game Saturday..Lets-go Yank-ees ;)
Welcome home!
To California, this would be the "snowpocalypse." To us, it's "winter."
>> and << look stupid in tweets... Looks like a lot of random bit shifting
thanks for the feature
GOOD MORNING
Every step that we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made easy by some one else. -Manly P.Hall
Glad he remembered how to do it at the Emirates! season- defining victory for the gunners...
10 hr days are not fun...
Im just tryna get this to-go and go home.
Does your girlfriend know you're saying this ? No ? Didn't think so .
I've been singing it really good though... So yeah I hope this goes well ...
Question of the day . how many cans of beans you must eat to gain a great fart .holla at me if you know retweet
that's a inside joke everyone, nobody freak out lol. he not dead foreal
Good night!
Three 15-yr-old students arrested for arson in connection w/fire at Woodburn H.S. live on scene 11pm.
I think that players should have the same rules as coaches. If the coach leaves they should be able to move on too.
You have seemed much happier since you left CBS. Is that true?
School is out in 4 minutes. Bye everyone!
lol I'm exploring my artistry... U know artist gotta look rough lol
This bitchy 9 year old on facebook called Harry 'Henry' and thought Niam was called Liall .... what the fuck is wrong with her.
I'm attracted to intelligent women. So...
Johnny Depp is damn good on that guitar.
Cant wait to leave Africa & go to Europe
Gonna get off computer! Tweet tomorrow!
This has gotta be the good life.
For next year I solemnly swear to speak less, listen more
thank you for supporting your urban streetwear by using repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com! RETWEET if you love kloop!
Falling in love is easy, falling out of love is hard, that's why we must guard our hearts diligently.
And ppl sit out from church or dont go cuz of that shit ... Thats too much
I'm playing at Stage on Herr tonight- between 8-9 ish. I'm a singer/songwriter, then & after me. Come!
Great drive to Vegas. Can't wait for WordCamp goodness.
More Breaking News... APRIL FOOL'S!!!!!
“: #TextsThatLeadToSex I'm home alone right now” Especially if jazz music is playing when u get there....bow chicka wow wow
No.1 Ranked Ohio State plays tonight against Purdue watch for OSU Big Jared Sullinger
According to IMDb, "A Royal Affair" should be out in theaters at the end of March. Let's hope that is not a little white lie.
Girls got way more hoes than dudes
Crystal clear.
It isn't fun either.
Shark Week Rocks -- especially on a rainy Sunday
Food :-D yes
US: Mercer Estates appoints head winemaker Mercer Estates has appointed Jessica Munnell as head winemaker.
#beansandbarley for brunch... yum!
Tip For The LADIES: Stop choking hazards: Get a Brazilian Wax!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 19
on the day when I actually want and need to talk to people, no one is in their office's to help me with my crisis......
Right Now I Just Wanna Hold Hands , Cuddle , Have Someone Run Their Fingers Thru My Hair , && Kiss Me All Over My Face...
I can get the ticket from u or Double Be... Whoever is closer I guess. I live in Dickinson. Near NASA Rd 1
Don't require a question on a survey that only applies to half of your audience.
follow me back
Between you & me a world-famous photographer has just agreed to donate a print to the Friends of Anton auction! Details soon.
Happy mothers day to one of the most patient and compassionate teachers I know. # thanksmom
Check out 'Game Night' episode 3 - Bring a Friend. www.gamenightseries.com
When my boyfriend doesn't text me back <
1 more week and I'll be back in the mitten enjoying You sure y'all don't want to distribute to CA?
what is wrong with my wifey?
If you haven't posted to your social media channel within the past four months, fear the reaper.
I think it's a must - have mostly because you made it. I have to get my virtual copy
I enjoy watching you play #callofduty when I do not get motion sickness.
The more the sleep the more time I get to dream about Austin...
congrats, mr mayor
Just saw the trailer for Black Ops 2, it looked so raw can't wait to get it.
I'm guessing neither one of us has hair that responds appropriately to curling or flat irons? Is the bun under appreciated?
RT I keep my dog’s identity off of Twitter – to protect him from all the fans.
I have awesome colleagues Thank you all for your nice wishes.
GO FOLLOW FOR 5 SOLO SHOUTOUTS :D
OMGoodness Mark! You don't have to do that. I'm just enjoying what you share!
Loved talking the meaning of #life with Miss PA last night !
50 CENT CORN DOGS AT SONIC!
RT Cuddling in bed, falling asleep and being bored together is probably
Listening to bruno Mars.... (Thinking) Damn......
Next pair im getting #Retro 4's April 12th
Sea kayaking w/ in Maui and being surprised by a humpback whale just 10 feet away. Magnificent & terrifying.
Lol. My fastest cycle speed was 52mph. Riiighhht.... Oh , sometimes you're so off. I still love you.
#TGIF Have a good weekend and get excited for more prizes. The hunt continues on Tuesday.
Okay, it is time, I can wait no longer! Cocktails? When?
There's still about 8 hours left.
Lot of talk about reducing our carbon footprint & conserving resources. 5 Carbon Footprint Reducing Tips that can help you go green:
smh. what have you been up too
Great article!
Pearl, meet pearl.
Is it normal practice at Hyatt to still be cleaning guest rooms at 5 pm? I mean rooms guests left before 9 am. Seriously? Annoying.
FYI Nashville, San Antonio and North Shore,IL all members of autoglasslocator.com Please spread the word. We're growing quick!
I need a tangible reminder of why I'm still pushing or what i am pushing toward to?
probably not i'm too awkward uhmmmm what do you do
I'm definitely seeing that! It seems that if I take a conservative approach, though, I can assume "New ed." means what it says.
Learnt Fast Car on guitar, I love that song so much
good, there in canada visiting my aunt she sick
it's a treat, from what I hear. But I think you need to be in San Fran.
I honestly wish!! It was crazy how real the underwater part was
thanks for sending links. watched it a year later and it's still awesome! cc:
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Don't live in a fairy tale. Know how to live for their own satisfaction.
I have to have music on when I write. Been swaying to The Memphis Dawls all morning at my Macbook. So. Good. These ladies are stars!
Nite tweeter... have fun y'all.. be safe tho uh.... blessings luvs.......
you see the #Bills are 0-5 also wtf?
Good morning. Thanks for retweeting. May your Sabbath be miraculously blessed.
Oil change
Our own has two invites to give away! Giving them away later today. Who wants them?
Just gotta keep my mouth closed can't let my sister find out nothing
that's the one I tried, too. I was glad I got it on sale. Lol
RT : RT to #WelcomeHomePrince Prince Fielder to sign 9yr $214M record deal w/ Thanks 4 Making The Switch
A Year In The Making aired for the first time in Australia, & I just want to remind you, that I'm so proud of you & the boys.
hope so
Thanks for the shout out.
Watching #Tebow come back down to earth
'When a woman tells the truth, she is creating the possibility for more truth around her.' Adrienne Rich
...doesn't deserve to be fired. No-Shows vs. UTA/PHX real problem.
Just got around to watching the interview with She was radiant as ever
what color are heavynns eyes?
what are you talking about
have you seen the movie?
Can I get a RT for football
The las vegas womans expo has over 150 vendors tomorrow at the Rio 10-5 its going to be huge First 500 women get a goodie bag
ah well tell her that shit because I know you don't want to fail that class after all that shit you had to put up with
Rise and shine! Getting ready for dance competition!
Mood? Kill it
I missed it ):
Idk I'm just getting pissed off
You can't have swagger with a fupa.
wish i was outside.
I often wonder, after I'm dead, if anyone will fight over my stuff?
I JUST read that quote today. Oprah. Love it :)
Laying back with your earphones in>>>>>>>>>
FREE AT LAST! three week break, here we come.
59% of men and 66% of women thought someone was hot until this... Until what?
AND IM DUMB!
Midlakes Basketball: Had our banquet today. So nice to bring everyone together for such a nice meal.
Thank you! It's pretty exciting. And best of all, great to be some place where I can buy a house instead of renting forever!
Going to a concert tonight where its ok for someone in the crowd to yell "FREE BIRD!"
Catching my breath after an insane couple of weeks. And just got to catch up with one of my best friends.
also I'm celebrating my 14 lb weight gain.. Hurt mahself, no gym for 3 weeks, drink every night.. Oppowinkies!
Hey, #baseball fans! Bryce #Harper will play for the #Scottsdale Scorpions! Come stay with us and watch the best prospect in years!
Come over here!! :)
Who needs The Hunger Games when #madmen is starting? I like to call it the Martini & Scotch Games. Much more fun.
Stranglehold by Ted Nugent
o ok. what's ur locker combo?
Who finds a bag before bottoms lol O.o?? What??
Dinner with the lady that gave birth to me that would be my mom
Waited to share it until I was sure I loved it. Too often I send my agent an idea, only to decide later that I don't really love it. (2/2)
The Kaiyodo one was alright, but the McFarlane one was way better as a display piece. Would you be at all interested in one?
BTW, how did you get your Klout score so damn high?
Man, you are such a pain in the ass!
I know but we're staying married this time babe. ;) when's the honeymoon.?
Maybe I should get u one of those feeling charts. :)))
Dude, I know right!
thanks for reply. for new hdtv. No sunlight in room. Lcd? Plasma? What would u suggest?
Getting off for a while... Hopefully Twitter will still be here when i get back :-/ SOPA GO AWAY LEAVE SOCIAL NETWORK ALONE!!!!!
I just call her boo i dont know the hoe name
Your welcome man. How much is the exclusive??
Amen to that Babe. My Cable is slowly getting torn at the ends. some of the after market chargers a little better than apple's
happy birthday to u
i'm out walking precincts and just saw the American Idol limo drive by!
Tell your hoes that if they've got beef, that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fucking scared of 'em.
Too much red in the new design. Though, it does remind me that I need to pick up the new Animal Man /cc
I agree phil. Management of money is key
Boss frowns upon kahlua in coffee lol
Does Mitch McConnell think he's been elected President?
Thank you! It was nice listening in. :)
Congratulations to for being a finalist on the voice!! AND being the only girl who made it as a finalist
that might make the carpet more attractive...
Non-stop dance mixes live from Room 101 will be available for download next week. Plus live video cast from the club coming soon.
Happy Mother's Day ladies! We hope today is full of love & pampering for you!
There are between 5,000 and 7,000 tigers bein kept as pets in the United States
Thank you Alice!
I like to spend several days doing a thorough cleaning of the whole house.
So supprised! All I have to do is make her lunch n wake her up if I'm up
CM Punk's pretty cute (;
My grades are horrible. I'm bout to be so dead.. but on the bright side.. least I'm not pregnant or blind or something.
you are so right!
": Holy smokes. my Akai S950 still work!" I love the filters on that joint. I still use my Ensoniq EPS 16 Plus.
you have an inspiring #cancer story! What did u do for fun during your #treatment to keep such a great attitude?
Okay the Camaro ad was pretty good!
Somebody is Going to Have to Calm Me Down today...
My mother saw it. I asked "Why?" She said "Sets and costume." She was not disappointed.
haha , thanks ! Love you too <U+2665>
TRAFFIC - Two Left Lanes Closed: WB Belt @ Todd Drive from an earlier crash - delays both directions
haha definitely passed on the soup of the day! Whiskey at noon didn't sound appetizing ;)
finna get on ooVooo hit me up -britt <U+2665>
Just passed the 1600 Tweet mark. I wonder how many of those Tweets were of value?
#23millionwerebornthisway who wanna follow me?
dallas MIGHT be up, its all good homie
O! Better do the other one. Eyebrows gotta match.
I didn't know I was in the mood for a gothic drama tonight but ' "Rebecca" satisfied me!
i am an working progression... I am a pure genus
Yes, a few times. I have family near there. :)
good idea! And great work on the Whitney issue
are you on instagram? if so, what's your user name?
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw, Mobile & Washington Counties until 12:00 AM
thanks for the suggestions, man! (I run )
are super awesome! They follow back! Thus, the super awesome.
The Bible forbids eating shrimp and wearing polyester. When are those Constitutional amendments coming?
Latest fortune cookie: Only time will tell if you're on the right course. Just made this up, of course. But why not have misfortune cookies?
Happy Birthday !!!!!! May all your birthday wishes come true! 2012 is your year!
I think I'm just blowed cuz I keep hearin somebody call my name n gun shots
never let anyone or anything get under your skin. When ignorant peeps chatter, them a deaf ear.
you can put me on layaway.
You go way above and beyond. Tell them I said they should pay you more.
Happy Wednesday everyone! We have some amazing new #shoeboxes to show you, so make sure to take a peak later today!
Do you have a good recipe to make crispy tofu? I haven't tried it that way before.
its stopped now! Only lasted like a minute;P
Drug testing facility had a keurig!!!! Thought I was back at pepperdine for a sec!
eh all though I dig some of his music I'm not the biggest fan.. Especially not big enough to buy last min tix.
hmm never said anything about stealing? k...
Mine from way back. Sorry #RepressiveRegressiveRevisionists ;)
How are you Jess?
Or if only there were photos from inside the dressing room that they accidentally forgot to delete...
; I think I'll just go for a walk instead of waiting for others to wake up.
me too. I'm more excited about the 2nd round. We could go for alshon jeffery WR, out of SC. If he is still there.
thx for RT! enjoy the weekend!
Awesome! Two alumns are the developers of QLab. One (Chris) was hoping to Skype in; guess it didn't work out.
40 empty cabs in front of my building RT : Do you think any Chicagoans woke up and said "oh good good, it is NATO Week?"
Honestly, I don't give two shits about SCMF.
A5: Jetblue tweeted that they do not have a big enough plane for what the Red Sox require, i'm sure they knew that going in
is on twitter despite his skepticism... :) now we'll await his comments on the article
Beast and Puck, omfg. This is beautiful.
I've been feeling so alone lately
I feel so depressed :/, I need to get the fuck out of this house.
Thank you for featuring us—we're honored!
In this production called life some are meant to be seen, some are meant to direct and most are going to watch.
No, I'm sheepishly reading it at Alterra. He just gave her the NDA and she's talking to Kate. About 1/3 in.
how are you?
Thanks for the follow:
- "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." ~ Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King
I had to pick new flights (there were no convenient ones) so I'm now flying from Dulles instead of Bmore.
Clothing drop off is now open! Come swap at The Beach House in Mandeville. Drop off 'til 5:30, swap starts at 6p!
its a cute bottle
Come see redux his talk tomorrow morning 8:30 during the flex track
& my 700th tweet goes to .. God , because he's the only one I can count on the most , especially right now .. (:
Thank you, Rob!
lol the funny part is watch bronco betty become the new barrell man haha
well fuck you
Just do you....
Yup, April stats are useless “: Yay for April. Will be above 200 with another hit. ”
is finding it not as difficult as i thought it would be to break through the writers block i've been banging my head on these past 5 years
Project HOOD and the Walk Across America are going to be on "Good Morning America" in Times Square NY before we walk!
A freelancer who loves your story is the best ally a #PR person can have.
I think you mean...Hodgman?
Thanks! :D
haha perfect timing!
wow.. first game jitters! college football at its best! doesn't matter what opponent it is; gotta play every down!~
I am alive! Just been very busy.
Judgment May Set Dog-Value Precedent Judge holds cleaning company responsible for $65,000 in damages over loss of dog.
At Fixx coffee in saint francis.
Cloudy day. Old people in sunglasses mean-mugging me from their seats outside the diner. Upper East Side shit.
it was unbelievable how great it all turned out! SO GLAD you made it!!!!!
Always impressed with your ability to talk on the radio and tweet at the same time. Who says guys cant do two things at once?
hey! Are you going to country thunder??
you never understand how much it hurts until it happens to you--> What's That?
All candidate said they would be police commissioner
its suckss being a teenager
I got made fun of for liking you and I said so what if I'm a #Belieber Justin is a talented person and loves his fans to d ...
#bachlorette make a bobblehead of me and ask to role play and I'll call the cops.
Gold Stocks rebound after report on EU summit plans
oh..there are a lot of schools there, I guess it depends on what you're looking to study.
I have poured my heart and soul into this record. I really hope you all like it.
hey sir! Right now I'm waiting for a class to fit my schedule. How bout u? Stay strong!!! It's not too bad haha.
I think I'd heard that about Paige. It was a gimmick, like the hitter Minnie Minoso pinch-hitting at 50. Cool, though.
Hahahahahaha im ratchet
Dear Mr. Jim, how does your marvelous brain work? Yours, The Fabuliste
Tanning doesn't fix ugly
People think they want things, but they don't have the discipline. I believe that you get what you want if you want it enough. - Sofia Loren
where u workin at now
Phillip Phillips<3
You both better be coming to HF-Twestival. Do it.
Did the wheel fall off of this one, too?
Nobody is okay!!!!!
Awe, I'm just kidding.
When I do offer a bit of advice for job seekers, there's rarely a thank you. Which means they don't read, can't write and fail to listen.
Open today 'til 10p! Last few days to see Reflections on Guatemala and snag your own piece of local indy art!
just woke from a 12-hr sleeping binge. Ah... refreshing. I got my coffee & toast. Now, it's time to head to Norrath for the next 24 hours.
Watching the Vikings get their butts kicked the first half, sure it's pre-season but the o-line doesn't look good.
Only a few hands raised when asked who are Content Strategists in the room. Excited that I was able to be one of them.
2012 London Olympics to generate £300m for #wine trade, says study by Wine distributor Bibendum and Local Data Company.
It's funny that I'm out of school and going to prom, lol.
just say when. 2 hrs. away and enrolled at State at present.
Understanding acid reflux symptoms and cures can certainly help you to decide whether what you are experiencing fits the diagnosis, and...
Muscle? I thought you were getting & :D
Dick Clark died. It was only a matter of time, seeing as he's mostly missed his last few rejuvenation ceremonies.
hi. You're beautiful. :-)
ha! either way, you guys have fun Over There.
loved tonight's episode. Thanks for smart, funny tv that I can watch with my 13 yr old son
Waiting @ clinic again.hope it's my last time.:-) my leg is better..yay!
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 20-26 - New York Times
Cat person? Like sandpaper tongue instead?
Why would you put your turn signal on a turn only lane?
Congratulations Virginia Beach. You never cease to underwhelm me.
A Lewis, in talking about Internet privacy "If UR not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold"
Rush hour traffick into city...i dont miss this at all.
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
You are your problem. And you are your solution.
Just asking: When will STL dump Ryan Franklin? ERA is 9.88 + opponents BA vs is .393! Not sure of contract situation but enough!
#Prediction: Honey Badger makes a big play for #LSU lead, Richardson takes over for #Bama win. 17-14.
Cowboy &Spurs fans are very similar! Quick to throw those rings in your face after a 40point loss
Well Boston will win next game.. All im sayin..
We are looking for gigs for the rest of the winter and spring. Let us know if you or someone you know is interested in great live music
I'm Good
Of course you did. Small world indeed.
these dudes ring kings wifen erry thing they see
get well soon!!!
Because she needs to be told what to say... #WhiteHouse policy
compliments of my grandmother!
ouch. Please becareful. He is prolly so xcited to see you, he may not be able to sleep tonight. :-)
Very nice!
slightly dyslexic, so I read that as MLA is my passion!
I enjoy the daily doc in my RSS feed. I tend to miss it as I check in and out of Twitter. Either way, it's great!
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
. Great post! Community is about supporting one another in a common cause. The hard part is always identifying a common voice.
The biggest thing i hate about eating a good meal is that u get really sleepy afterwards.
Grrrrrr not happy about my flu shot :(
hahah :) i love it. I know! We havent played a show in ages! Seems like weve been held hostage in the studio!
I like em all. What do guys in Poland look like?
#HerbieHancock speaking about the new #MathScienceMusic initiative
Fights a awesome!! Crowd is great!!
First come first serve last in first out come one come all- add it all up and the whole is greater than the sum of it's parts.
So this game IS a save situation and we're still NOT going to use Papplebon?!?!?
RT : #marketermonday #Digital Edge Live #Speakers:
Davy Jones died?! NO! I was the biggest Monkees fan as a kid- I had 13 imaginary bros named after the Monkees. SAD!
follow me
i'm not disappointed in you :)
The sad thing is I wasn't surprised in the slightest by Marmol's meltdown today, even after his terrific save yesterday (which shocked me).
It's almost as if were designed specifically for me! Just booked one of the last early bird tickets.
I have very warm feelings toward you, three-day weekend. This thing you and I are starting is going to be really special.
oh, okay. i think i agree with that someone, and want to follow ex. of senior scholars who make their work 1/2
Global Sources spring 2012 electronics trade shows to host record 3,600 booths -- up 10 percent year-on-year
I'm DROP DEAD SERIOUS!! we have a homework rule book.. :/ but it's on the 2nd page "No homework on weekends!" &#Yee come here!
Revving up for WH BrewFest... it will be mad (baking) scientist time in the kitchen this week.
Happy birthday to the IISA! It's been a great 10 years. Thanks for all the support. Looking forward to new beginnings.
FRIDAY IS HERE!!!!
The 5 HeartBeats last scene when they was in church lol
(I'd be curious what her take on that article is.) And I have a diff definition of the term "hacker" and don't rly identify with it.
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly , first love it's irreplaceable and first heartbreaks are unforgettable .
": " remember, she doesn't care"?". Seems Somebody needs attn. Badly.
I like u <3
bieber fever will get to them sooner or later you just wait.
Goodness. Girl next to me keeps crushing her vodka and crying. Not sure if it is because of the Pacers Heat game or Mom related.
Great guest Thurs On Health & Healing. Sue Dumais talking re: a fertile state of mind. Thurs 8-9pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
NFL DRAFT WE ARE ON THE CLOCK!!
You're right! SF in general is awesome like that. Have you lived there your whole life?
I get a lot more retweets, replies, favorites, and mentions when I'm totally irrational and crazy. So, with that being said... FUCK. YOU.
Nothing like deep intellectual conversations till 3am... Gotta love how funny life is sometimes.
is driving and tweeting. this is not good.
I'm trying one more time. Placed another order for 2 more, this time VIA 1505TM. Should be here Monday, will report then.
Participating in the webinar ""Building the Digital Branch for the 21st Century"
waiting for the colorgaurd to begin the ceremony at the Rotary Club Luncheon
Tomorrow I Have No Track Events That Means I Can Sleep In Homie !.
(: thank you!
I think Romney "WINS" even if he loses....not sure Santorum can raise any REAL $$....
I'm done trying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Dog park plus draft plus Pads game. NICE.
blowin up my twitter... freak
i got blue paint all over my white shirt fml
i need more self love.
agreed... now, back to work for a few hours.. :)
Yeshua is present in the siddur as the "fullness of Torah," the human embodiment of God's eternal Name and Word.
I'm telling Justin to follow EVERYONE who follows
I hate getting out early cause I have to wait for one of my parents to come pick me up -_-
Coventry City vs Burnley LIVE StReAmInG English League- soccer live
Great to see you at the Fancy Food Show. We love your short grain brown rice!
Thank you, Ginny. One of these days I must check that site out.
nice come back in lastnights race!
who else agrees that us fans are the best ? (:
Pumpkin pie is just as vital as Turkey on Thanksgiving...For REAL!
yeah, I was hoping they were going to sing Some Nights. I think they could easily make that song the new single.
Hobos wipe their bums with the
Cordsman: We don't have any basic data on the Afghan people, economy. Economy will collapse at drawdown.
ha, i'm just being a pest. but i'm glad to know the date. i want to come :) cc:
Mary Howitt~ For visions come not to polluted eyes.
Not to be missed ;) RT : Who is joining us for a talk on Social Media w/ catering.
DJing tonight at Doors open at 10, see you there!
only the best Auntie could post this pic..since I orchestrated it!
I've now encountered two US government cybersec information websites that present invalid certificates.
I'm sure God takes Poops everywhere.
I'm wrong, I'm dead wrong
I understand! :)
"Your eyes are blue like the ocean baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out or did ya smile at me?" :)
You're welcome, Mr. Dusty!! God bless your day!!! (:
It's Gonna be a 12+ hour day! Im just tryna graduate.
Keep your online contest ideas coming!
i love it when other people are verifiably more ridiculous than me.
agreed, I wouldn't have guessed that blackberry is the phone of choice for urban London youths.
going to be a good fight!
KG is a boss
Don't even bother sending me support my album if you aint gone get mine... NIGGAS HAVE PUSSIES TOO...
The SnapScan S1500 Scanner is a basic scanner suitable for the daily scanning needs of the small law office: $400.00- 20 pgs/min, 50pg ADF
okay well tell everyone else that also.
Stay tuned in the coming weeks for marketing tips and product specials
hungover from #swvoracious last night. great to see
we are delighted to hear #LSJ is doing well. Keep us and our #uk #sparklers tuned in :)
USC's Pat Haden will get a different view of Notre Dame
just voted :-) Good luck!
Fax? Who faxes? Faxing went the way of the Pony Express people....
Poor throw to second let's runners advance then another hit for a double brining in 2 more...love baseball, love
I think its sexier when a woman wears all of her clothes. I love the slope of a neck, the soft voice of a woman, even a laugh
We challenge you to drink low-fat or fat-free milk with dinner every night this week.
US DOT Stat: 68% of work commutes are between 1 and 15 miles. 51% of are fewer than 10 miles. Great reason to bike
I really want to talk to someone ):
Right.... She was awesome!!
did you get that parody email I sent you
use that link he sent you! You'll get up to episode 6 :D tell me what you think of it! (:
chillin at home me and my #mom eating and gitting ready for a
it's on the to do list.
Favorite comedy movie.. GO!
Why hello there! Fancy meeting you here.
oh no! Then we'd have to leave the house! That's unacceptable! Lol
Ditto! RT : I believe there is great value in generating original content & curating web. 1 does not replace the other.
Great question! For curious homeowners, can you elaborate on the differences?
Watching Vidal Sassoon documentary. Inspiring!
Glad to hear it!
next part !(:
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
Anyway, it's getting late. off to bed.
Follow ! He is a fun one. Any fan of us is a friend of ours! Who? ! What? ! Follow !#FollowThursday?
And it's FINALLY bowl week!! #BYU and #Tulsa are officially in Fort Worth, and we are all headed to the game tonight!
I like your face. It's quite nice. Okay, goodbye. xx
Wow! Thanks to all the supporters of the 5th Annual #Cuts4aCause! Thanks for putting on the great event!
of course my mom has to ruin my weekend. She just comes home and she already doing the most.
Unconditional love would be a beautiful thing though. Some day.
Bofl no girl like almost DEAD!!! Lmaoooo
missed ya! Happy holidays :)
yes I do, but not much I spend most of the day with people born here, speak lots of Spanish and Italian with my Uncle.
Jess you rock! Thanks for the kind words! You are da coolest!!!
Flat tire on a Monday morning...oh joy!
Got a long day ahead of me. Sigh. Weekend where you at?
$3 burgers? YES PLEASE!!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear anything about the masters.
you ain't real
Just had a meeting about summer camp! We are thinking of doing a showcase one night! Are you coming to join?
RIP Levon Helms... what a talent!
Had 3 amazing experiences at Eataly! When are you bringing the concept to Chicago?
Just tried lino for the first time recently. It's really fun, and surprisingly easy to learn.
correct. I never leave there hungry.
4:20, and productivity is at an all-time low. :-/
Navigator Elite package includes a touch screen DVD-based navigation system, a rear seat DVD entertainment system with an eight inch screen
Mexico automaking marks shift to luxury with Audi building SUVs Mexico's automobile industry, once focused on small cars and pickup truck
I heard "Mambo # 5" and "Freak on a Leash" on the drive home today. In 8 minutes, I relived my entire adolescence.
I was just thinking the same thing?! I am too:)
The Silk Tie likes BusinessTweetz!
On Marketing "Do you think people are looking at billboards? There not even looking at the F____ Road!"
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
dont know what your talking about. shut your mouth.
RT "free press lineup is lookin pretty god"
Sour grapes? J/K! I understand the argument, but he's not the first nor last to do it.
RT : Best line of the day! NYT David Carr: "There hasn’t been this much hype about a tablet since Moses came down from the mountain"
Read mah story :3 it's in my faves.
Massive explosion at Miller Compressor?
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!Dont forget that follow
Ok Americans. I give up. What in the bejesus is 'boba'?
Thank you Mr. Biermaier, for making STEP awkward as ever.
ah yes! the nap is an important part of any training
RT : "Wait, we get killed and these four are allowed to live?" -- Somali Pirates in Hell
Took a walk in the woods this afternoon and a #$&^$&ing hunter shot towards me and Sue. Heard the bullet whiz past my head. Scary...
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
What color ribbon do we have to wear if we are trying to #SavePorn? Or do we just pin a condom to our shirt?
Welp I guess it's all out there. Bring it on world.
Roger probably deserved a yellow there. Dirty push in the back. Otherwise, #SportingKC looking very good & in command.
Seems to be a slight disconnect between our email notifications of 'mentions' and our ability to reply to you.
Get well - hope the head is feeling okay.
I am definitely a fangirl of the maine memory network. So so cool
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
“: Alabama's kicker is apparently attempting to win some sort of half-time kicking contest.” Shoulda held that contest in Denver.
will you be at SXSW? Would love to hang out and chat about UX and Library-Archives digital products.
Happy Mother's Day!
At da circus bout to walk in
the monkey has what now!?
Global companies stumble time and again attempting to access China’s lucrative market. Read our 7 ways to succeed in the market.
Its not that many people tweeting. I keep seein tha same names on my TL. Maybe I need more #follows/followers
Am I completely overzealous if I show up at the Issey Miyake exhibition tomorrow at 9AM?
#FF has a new location downtown (for new & used books) & a new Twitter acct.
Yes please! RT Geo, my man, get it together.
What I meant was we don't know how ridiculous some ideas are until they are verbally expressed. So yeah, deftly speak out!
guess what I'm doing right now?
Short answer: No RT : "Could the pervasive power of TV be used to stimulate community dialogue and decision-making?"
we have a lot in common. I am following you:)
The Crows serve as a great waring to this Coyote roaming my yard.
People Get Away With So Much When I'm Sick...
santa fe is more hipstery than here!?
There's nothing better than a cold cup of coffee...except a hot one...or a warm one...or anything else.
Fuck that noise
lol. Look at the total package....#stepawayfromdaa**
I kno rite I'm bout to call em for u lol
Hi Bob! Yes, I'm still telling takes & writing books. I have 18 now & new ones on the way. :)
We're good 4 gas, insurance, & 180 miles/day! DM us 4 deets. Whether it's us or a new ride, best of luck finding wheels to freedom!
Trying to link Twitter to Facebook. Might be easier to bring about a full Cream reunion tour.
no I work on Friday and Saturday
Ok....one more. Famous last words
Great motivation Baby!<3
Nov, 17th, be sure to catch us at Skrappys with The World We Knew, Inhale Exhale, The Browning, and ! Only $12 presale.
he's so ugly lol I've been good just bored lol I'm looking for a job.
It is indeed great, but to also know a future world where the first female president of the United States is elected as well.
Hi Lindsey! How is your semester going?
It MUST be Sharon Needles. MUST MUST MUST (Sorry, just caught up tonight).
CPC - in the registration line.
Im Laying In Bed Listning To your covers what about youu Austin? **Always<3**
Emanuel and Jennifer Walls wear matching 'The Dream is Now' t-shirts as they push 1-year-old son Xavier in a stroller.
Wow ain't been on here in a while been really busy hope to be on alot more
Enjoying the weather! !
I saw was on Twitter and I followed that shit.
arctic blast making my radio traffic buy unhappy...
All I need is one mic!
Jonas, u the owner of the Texas Cowgirls?! ... Dude, ur killing it in San Antonio!
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
My Twitter Fans: shoutout to you guys you rock =D thanks
safe travels!
Bomb night!
Every time I hear the birds chirping in the morning, I feel like I'm waking up in the arena
Air conditioning <333333333
Children really annoy the sh*t out of me! (most of them)
Checking out the #dev #site now for #siide - few bugs but we're live on #Monday!
haha hopefully I passed my geometry one today.
I'm tired of being tired and really should go to bed... -_-
#EDSHOWISSUE2- Madison loves you Ohio! Walker is next!
The world needs an Animorphs movie. I would watch the heck out of that.
Whatever I want, the exact opposite happens. smh
I keep trying to use the password for the store I was in last week at this store. Not working out too well
You boys should really go to Croatia this summer! #TWInCroatia :)
brooklyn'd
thanks for sharing!
playin it now!
Chicken Salad. Yup.
#JustRemember are THE BEST. i love them all
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear, he likes someone else.
#IWonderIf the boys will even notice the midwest
HAHAHAHAHAHA I KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
SMH....I know what u mean, thats why i quit mine, now i'm working on my own business.
“: Just crushed a commercial with ichiro #smallscreenstar” What??? What kind of commercial?
Whitehead suggest political dialectic via wearing provocative tshirts
Congrats, Tim! wishing you all the best - hope to see you out here again soon.
Actually, I'm trying to figure out how to better use it myself. Hope work is treating you well.
Handled it so well in your interview! Turning the moment into an opportunity......an important advance for women and girls!
Laying low tonight, getting ready for Salsa Saturday at Madridgall.
:Basic Cataloging and Classification is full. "Join the Wait list" button leads to nowhere. :(
Exfoliating facial scrubs feel glorious after a sweaty nite in the van
#pei #peipoli Politicians always think they know what their constituents want, even when their is outcry suggesting otherwise.
LIVE GOLF SCORES - 2012 World Matchplay Championship from Finca Cortesin, Spain LIVE GOLF SCORES - 2012 World Matchplay Championship from
I will choose to think only of the unfamiliar PDs in LA and PS that we'll be getting to know shortly.
I need to do this paper...
haha oh my gosh i remember that! and thanks girl, i'll tell you the whole story please call!
haha I have movie dork problems
Rain, jazz, and coffee. *sighs contentedly*
First half ends Detroit 14-10 New Orleans
I love it! RT : If I look at the masses, I will never act. If I look at the one, I will. ~Mother Theresa
ringalingaling! Hello??? Hi Jhoselin!! Thanks so much for following! Talk soon!!
And big thanks to and for your tweets about Aufbau. You were the first to help spread the word!
RT : “Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.” <U+2015>Maya Angelou - Amen to that!
“: got to go with the #nuggets what's the scoop can they do it in Rd 1?” I sure hope so!
Everytime I text someone "I'll talk to you later" I expect them to say "okay" or I wont feel complete.
Don't unfollow me, imma get to u asap
#mygraduationspeech "west side"
Love all the support!! :) RT : you ladies are the
i know, lol
When speaking to a nurse about blood work I don't want to hear "I think", "maybe", "Hm" and "More Power to You" when discussing results!
RT : Best pistachio shake ever!!! - house favorite! Glad you liked it!
": Overall very impressive major league debut for Yei-Win Chen. I think he's gonna be a keeper. #Orioles" I 2nd that! #Nicejob!
NO, people who worked all their lives ARE "entitled" to benefits they paid into. I worked for 42 years, wait till YOU have to spk
We are! #socialmedia has really changed the way we connect with each other! I think a cupcake is in order! You?
Technology is awesome, until it isn't :)!
its a herb . Lol
#SCMS12 bit surprised about how focused the panel is on print, books, etc. shows some lag from many DH venues talking of data, archives
Wow that's great!!!! Did anyone ever pick it up.. are you still trying? I would love to write one or 12.
You are just mad I handed you your ass. Don't be a sore ass loser.
The cemetery next to the Pier One in Glendale (just north of Bayshore) is called the Town of Milwaukee Union Cemetery .
Weak ass spring break!
lol goin to work. How long you been back in town?
Thanks good people for the follow.
Great presentation with members of We love to empower people to take control of their online presence.
thank you for the follow, i hope i can help towards your noble mission
Blake Griffin=most overrated terd in league
Here's a question: If these reformers are so freaking focused on what's best for the kids, why didn't they become teachers?
just met rios stewart and reed from the #whitesox #workperks :-)
whos coming to the open run tommorrow holds it down like no other! 1:45 bring your game!
That shot by Kobe was nice. Hakeem would be proud with the patience.
I'd love to hear that lecture. Any chance you can share notes?
Our country needs the LEADER, so be ONE.
figuring out what to do today in Dallas.
watching rocky 4 sucks. eff it I'll vibe to mac miller instead
I couldn't agree with you more. Ugh.
Anything happening at Ramrod?
Ohh, never tried that. That stinks.
IT'S A GOD IN ME
RT : "BO!!!! #APPLEFAIL" AGREED. I was really looking forward to the touch having a camera.
Democrats nationally support Voter ID laws 58-36 (N=3,187). In Pittsburgh DMA Democrats also support Voter ID laws...exactly 58-36 (N=837)
We have to educate the population on privacy vs. personalization says for better user experiences.
thanks for taking my call!
what worries me is...that means the Dolphins had SO little confidence in Alex...why would they think that??
How can we get you host our film festival in asbury park?
I have some friends who go to so much they are GOLD Members now...
coates just scored a cracking goal....recommend you check it out
Thanks Sasha! This is great. And totally my style!
just noticed that my Hotmail account is over 10 years old. For it's (belated) birthday, I setup a recovery phone #. you should too.
My 5 word review of #TheBaconing : "More difficult than the others." Still has great writing and graphics. Well-done.
who and why
I love you both :)
having an ignorant opinion is fine. Expressing an ignorant opinion is ignorant. Don't be stupid.
i want a baby french bulldog and i would name him Bobby Boucher
Great to meet you too. & I are BIG fans of your maker creations!!!
Sending faxes to someone's home telephone # is one of the best parts of my day. "Hello? Hello? HELLO?!?!".
Danica is in the shootout? Why is she there?
the supply was soo funny. she's one of the best. & what were you saying in the gym today? i didn't understand :$
this made me smile - thx :-) “: Aaaaaarrrrggghhh!!! My dumb dog just ate an entire box of candy canes!”
Crawfish Boil at Judges Vinnegaroon from noon-8 at Church & 18th TODAY.
okay - sounds good.
Soo my horse threw me today, and I landed on my head. Thank God I was wearing my helmet.
Reign over me may be the most under rated movie of the last decade...if you haven't seen it fix that
I guess so
so true, this is a good one.
...and then the container store catalog made everything better!
Had a great time at last night. It was great to see the always radiant as well. Can't wait for next month!
- I want to say it was "Balloon Man" that got me started with Robyn. I'm a sucker for a silly pop tune. :)
My friends are the best<3
So the day is winding down and I starting to think about my game plan for the coming week
it was great!!
#3WordsOfAdvice stop being stupid.
whoa now calm down!
Thank you. Much appreciated.
Do You Use These Recruiting Tactics For Your MLM Sponsoring?
Good morning, everybody! Hurray! Its Wednesday! Yay!
Thank You! Glad to hear we could help. We love feeding you guys at the news!
depressed how excited single ppl r 4 Halloween. Inevitable disappointment looming over their heads. Like watching a dying man trying to walk
Im tellin ya DODGERS takin it all the way this year will be 50/50 and my next RECORD will go Platinum!
SWEET! Zen got a double shot out! (stefan)
What are you doing this weekend?
Uh, that's a bit scary. Hopefully he isn't too serious about the polish. Ok if it's a gag
I am soo confused this morning.
“: "First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi”
do a vlog on your favorite songs!
might've been too soon to make that joke. but you're still drinking, so i figured...
We're so glad you enjoyed yourself! We hope to see you again soon!
In a just world, there would be no repercussions for me turning around and punching the Sabres fan behind me in the jaw. Repeatedly. Unt ...
i LOVE SMITH..but while his series goes on i am less impressed..Tennant got better as he went along
His tweets sound like a third grader writes them, which would have been ok had he not gutted the WI education system.
who the fucc is this knockin at my window ?
so cute <3
If my life were a movie, it would be titled "Overheated Car Part 35283653535652." The End.
It's a beautiful morning in Bozeman, but I was hoping for 75 degrees and sunny.
#Martin, A Storm of Swords (Song of Ice & Fire/Game of Thrones #3). Still not entirely sure what all the fuss is about.
Brumder Mansion Gives a 50% Discount on all Rooms Mon-Thur Active Military & Veterans with Military ID time of Check in Call 414/218-2202
only folklorists would "knit" resources together :-P
Exactly. Going to kings island last friday was the most I've done in months ....
DIY Planter Patio Umbrella Stand
Is in serious need of caffeine. here I come!
dont worry I will see ya ass soon! Party came before :)
The Heat spent all they money on the Big 3 Now they post game is suffering b/c they have NO quality good ones.
Right on. No getting around it.
why you still talking that bullshit though?
if there is a conference committee...
What an extremely expensive day I had!!! Tomorrow is going to be just as expensive. I just have to keep telling myself it's an investment
But I don't want to live that way.
keeps telling me how dark I've gotten (from track) & she's making me feel bad :(
tonight's agenda: wash, pack, surf the web, kick it with Aaliyah
Well yeah, because you weren't in on it!
none of the boys that i want to meet inspired me to sing the jonasbrothers did but the 3boys did showme how to never give up andshowed me
aww I miss u guys. Let's drink copious amounts together soon.
I love this TEAM
Premium Weds!!! & behind the bar. & are here! AND & party rockin!
let god deal with the things they do, cuz all that hate will consume u to0!....lol heard will smith on the radio this a.m lol
RT : Musically frustrated.
today is a ugly day it be raining all morning bro wow
' Need him to grow a bak bone , been asking for to long now!!
Thanks to #BT2Duke for the inspiration & clarity today. Was feeling lost abt prof future. Came @ the right time. Now, off to eat!
I look horrid today smh
like the Hunstman girls except serious and therefore unfunny
how many people? You guys get preferential treatment?
- I blame the coaching first, players second! Pacers are in the bonus every quarter and yet the Heat settle for jumpers!
Lyon argues that persuasion inherently implies terminus, therefore it is not useful theory for deliberation.
Ooh, great suggestions! I've heard a lot about Trespass, too. Checking sample now, thanks!
Romantic Tip #327 - Does your partner love speed and thrills? Plan your next vacation around the best rollar coasters in the U.S.!...
little rory is all grown up.
I think its because everyone has the same provider
careful listen to ur body, but I'm sure u already do
#Nashville is trending...we live in Nashville. Are we "trendy"?
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
ur like god. U have changed the world, and taught lessons to people. I love U . Please follow me
WTF Wednesdays at Davenport Lounge SA! $2 drinks all night, no cover 21+
What is Xtina wearing? Really!
No plans so far and you?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The media has nothing better 2 do. B blessd! Joyce
$GS will crack the financials again as more downticks to follow in the group. Pressure just starting again.
make your 3rd one in 3d....
Im bored
Little Giants is on right now, totally remember loving this movie way too much. What an adorable little person you were. :)
Off to work soon. Hate working retail. Fake compliments are better than ever, sad to be such a good liar? Need to get that #internship soon.
not very encouraged that couldnt even keep track of the item to help me get it. stores by me never had it and it wasnt online.
Hey Roy Williams Owners! Looks like he will be OK for week 1, maybe 2. Nice bottle of Wine and a Shoulder Massage and he'll be just fine!
Happy mothers day to all the moms!
always great to bump into you!
he'll be starring in my dreams tonight. That counts in my book.
I think everyone's a 10, higher of they have log hair, dreads, got in trouble with the law, and isn't white
Ahh...Haven't been on this in forever D:
hey sis remember that ray cash bumpin my music????
Hahah my daily life consists of mean girl quotes cuz of the shit that happens to me! Lmfao, I swear I say one every hour -_-
who wants to be my valentine?
One of my teachers once told me, "If you never ask, then you'll never know." I guess curiosity doesn't always kill the cat.
Chances are, your competition hasn't heard of this yet.
RPD Chief Sheppard just offered condolences to Larie Butler's family. But they still have not confirmed it was her body in the pool.
A phrase, btw, which makes me think of "The Godfather" for some reason.
Pfizer races to reinvent itself; plans to reduce its research budget
Morning everyone! Only a few more days until we get to watch #SportingKC dominate again.
There isn't a moment of truth. The truth is already there, the moment is when we discover the truth.
what hotel r u booking at?
Has no life for the next three days.
WHOS WATCHIN THE CMAS katy perry i love u n ur dress
My computer is already having issues and it's not even 9 AM!!! Maybe it's a sign #HappyFriday friends!
Dinner and a movie or long walk on the beach?
For all of those who have served or are currently serving in the Armed Forces, thank you. You are always
Am ridiculously pleased with #USPSforever stamps I just ordered: Indy 500, AmScientists, Owney, Disney, Ships, Edward Hopper-just awesome!
#ItsFunnyHow I'm trying so hard and yet you don't even care . <|3
Love to see all your fans connecting with you on here!!
Twitter, quit being a cunt & let me change my background. Mine is quite white & I don't like it. Let me add some pictures. Thanks! x
Good morning<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Too bad the Vikes wont still be there “: #Vikings will have a 5 year exclusive rights window to bring in an MLS franchise to MN.”
#Aztecs (W) open conference play at home tonight vs TCU at 8pm. Make it out if you can...on The MTN if you can't.
it's only 1:12 in the morning. I'm usually still up. I just don't tweet this time of night.
Well good night #tweedos work in the AM <U+266C>haha they was sleeping on me Z <U+266C>
We love just off the Plaza. GREAT walk-in opportunities M-F 8:00-:30 & 5:00-:30 plus weekend appointments.
ahahah really.?! and i LOVE your name:D
Call us or drop us an email! We can probably help you.
Gonna try this chicago transport system 4 the 1st time.
Blanke does typology of self-portraits according to how they relate to autoscopic hallucinations or out-of-body experience. cool.
Thanks everyone for making last night a success. We had a great time and it was awesome to see so many familiar and new faces out there!
u got tatted folks
Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial
I need something different, you know it. Oh oh you know it.
I love seeing you give shout outs to former Gators.
i think i figured it out 65+ would then be $7250 for single standard deduction. will u reply with Y/N with that #
Thank you for adding me to your e-zine!
They are little people... My little fish waves goodmorning to me each day. They are so much more if we give them a chance...
They say sarcastic shit about injured players but God forbid, if it's Sid everyone wants pity.
Yup. Depressing, infuriating, hilarious.
Lots of random acts of kindness today. Keep it coming NY!
YAYYYYY!!! RT : Thanks !! So excited I won tickets to a sneak peak of #BigMiracle!!
tough to critique..there's great depth in the app. Hm, custom news; user-generated/selected source(s)? Encourages user engagement.
:) still here. 116 n grant
what am i doing today? OMProcrastination.
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Las Vegas!
Looking for a filmmaker to shoot a promo video of our rehearsal this Sunday. Any volunteers?
not much of a game...a Kentucky win would really help my 10TV bracket
I wish "revoked in the face of widespread ridicule" was a fact more often.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys!?
plus my friend who killed herself because of ppl making fun of her.
#webserieschat Without being established in tv how do I make my show successful? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
PH UNDER 7
hahaha, it is pretty true. on the flip side my favorite dogs are little ones because they remind me of cats, lol
UC Vs. Nature. Many of the issues in this session are still around.
One Direction concert May 28 ilmlll
My dad making fun of all the spectators at the Masters.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
#TheBestPartOfMyDay was using Wrecking Balm®
got dem racks ... Listen to it
No offense taken. Yes, my focus on the historical & conceptual aspects of art in times of revolutionary struggle was perhaps
Hey Ken! Thanks for the follow. Your website is great! Love the photos from Jordan
And they won't accept "queso." Go figure.
sweet potato!RT : What's #POPnewflave? RT Like salty snacks, how about a sweet tooth?
he had tweeted a column from peggy noonan and I replied that they were a perfect match having both sold out to Obama.
Consider yourselves liked so much.
do they make beard tiaras because if they do....I'm taking Thursday of!
If you retweet sumn dat i tweet & i dont follow you , I just might follow you . .
Internet timeout.
. "Twi-ximity" is a term I've created to describe the coolness one feels by following super people like you.
I could really go for some Gates BBQ and KC Tea
Betcha didn't know that a great white's teeth aren't connected to it's skull. Yeah, i don't really care either!
Just heard yet another New Pornographers song in a commercial. Had no idea they were such jingle writers.
all bad lol
Those who follow FloCo on Twitter can come into the University office and get a coupon for FREE Burrito Loco!
wow you poor thing RT : that anyone who gets on a plane w a guitar carry-on smells like patchouli. #dontsitnext2mehippie!
BoA just sent me a card with Visa number and CVV clearly legible on internal packaging. Maybe package differently? Unnecessary exposure.
#Detroit is home to one of America's biggest corp in the world - ask GM what they've done for the communities of Detroit?
I can't find my pants!!!
RT : I think women view OTHER women who seem to use their "attractiveness" to get ahead at work much harsher ... #dthr trudat
What does this look like? --- <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B1>
mother is stable, but she needs to be better, I am so worried. So much pain my heart.
But then told me it was a cute idea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
La Bete with its rhymed verse and fraudulent clown Sat, St. Bart's book group today, and now I'm off to the Halloween parade and festivities
i did mommy:D
Feels like "short-track guru" would be much cooler on my business cards than Strategic Development
I honestly think A was Oprah Winfrey.
Happy Hour now (2-for-1’s til 7:00 ), and our $10 all-you-can-drink tap beer special tonight. Yup, must be
jealous! it is probably beautiful there right now!
RT : RT : I contributed to this article // 6 tips for documenting your family trip with shout-outs to and...
Wish I could turn 'Hyphenation' to OFF by default for paragraphs, I think Photoshop is still in denial that Web Designers use their program.
you do the same
Who is winning Preakness tomorrow?
me& r so excited4 #bieberday where every1 in our skool is wearin purple<3we r even dyin tips of our hair purple
im not scared giubs im not scared
I don't understand you at all! Grrr!
RT I think that every human being has an innate sense of "I". Islands in the stream. That is what we are.
Volka was water an I was a duck I swimm to the bottem an never come up but volka not water an I'm not a duck so pour meva class an shut up
The best thing is how much my dogs love to work, we have so much fun together.-Steve W., Bellefonte, PA
goodnite be bless
Wishing I hadn't been right - that the Colts would be our Broncs. Oh, well, upward and onward to a wild card spot - you bet.
my boyfriend should marry me cause' that'd be super rad.
ESPN2 #BlacklightPartyOct22 Giving out free tickets!!!!
is leading a Social Media Symposium at #MdHS right now!
¦ Oh wouldn't you just like that? Getting to see Kottaras everyday, & without a mask for a better view. <U+30C4>
My twitcon sucks ._. I need to put up a new one !
Research on elite performers reveals 3 main factors which help to maintain ‘Mind Toughness’: i) internal motivation & desire; 2) strong
Dumb cunts posting shit about Obama. How about you learn a thing or two before you go running your unintelligent mouth?
RT : are you planning on using the sculpt directly? Not baking the details on a low poly? // Yes, bake.
Not a fan of standing on lines, I've avoided going to Turns out that it's worth the wait!
This one guy came up to me and said company offers a $1,000 referral fee. And I'd be more than willing to split it.
My stomach hurting i think im like
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights. -Pilgrims
That's sweet of you, but short of a new knee, not sure. :) I'm going to see a sports med ortho sometime this month or next.
What a cutie James!! (oh and the baby too...hahaha) Thanks 4 sharing.
love it.
And some people will leave you wondering, "What just happened here?"
Thanks to everybody that came out to the Improv Gym last night! We crushed environment and spadework.
": Of all the strategems, to know when to quit is the best. -Chinese Proverb"
Saw that too. Very bright. Was out fishing until past dark. Beautiful evening.
At the Labor Ed workshop, older activists want to know how to reach out to younger activists It's all about building relationships.
Thursday already... Welcome:
Tebow will be starting by October Romey. People like him don't fail.
haha well if you do it, call me :a hahaha :D
Yeah. Wanna talk to her?
me, me me!
yeah just sick of it it is a daily thing
The best gift exchange ever. Leopard print panties, bacon toothpaste, and the Book of Mormon.
"And what about fat people's rights?" ......alright you lost me
Good morning and Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there and a BIG shout out to all my riders. Newark Bike Blessing today. Go bannanas.
This ish Cray! About to enroll for a 2nd bachelors. RT : I haven't been there in forever!!!"
Hating on the next bitch, is irrelevant af!
Gonna miss Lyons, but now YOU have even more of a bigger opportunity to shine!
Just saw Shes so amazing.
Biggest snub- no SKIP SCHUMAKER off the bench? 2 rings.
As soon as Uggie came on screen, my dog came over and licked me. Seriously.
I FOLLOWED XD
Having marathon before season 2 starts tonight!
Hey Golic, Shrek called and he wants his face back.
"...it's like the Miami airport: a refugee camp with runways". Channel. LOVE this guy!!!
RT Welcome to #AARSBL - first History of Christianity session is tomorrow, 4 pm, on Augustine and the Trinity (A19-304)
we definitely will! Also, make sure you sign up for MDC Alerts! www.mdc.edu/alerts
proposals due on the 15th!
I agree with you completely! I see your point 100%.
lol that shit is true doe
Can you post the Mike Nealy interview online so those of us who are blocked by cox can see what he said?
I'm in love with you too bay
The poor editor probably wants to change it and is told, "It's PATTERSON. He's rich enough to buy you and send you away."
But humans came out of the world. So nothing is wrong with humans either. They'll do what they will, till they won't. ;-)
Everything, schedule-wise, is falling into place perfectly for the next week. I love it when my calendar looks like a winning Tetris game.
'98 NBA Finals. #Bulls win 6th title,and the dynasty came to an end RT Most memorable Game 6 in Chicago sports history?
I am. Who is your real-life avatar present in this room with us?
Wow. I love the new Strawberries and Banana smoothie from Burger King!
hope they go home crying!
Wade wit da killer crossover den haslem wit da CHEESE!!!
Tonight Beckett’s is thrilled to welcome back the brilliant 19th Street Band! If you haven’t seen them yet, you’re missing out!
I am so not going out tonight, I have the worst luck, if I'm not going out for work I'm not going out.
i like this one more
No im a bail bondsman. A lawyer can't walk you out of jail. If you know someone in jail holler back.
My Momma gave me $50 now i have $23 opps i didnt mean to spend dat much :)
I'm listening to your song O. It relaxes me and I love the song
Happy hump day.
I wish I didn't have to take math in my major
Any ideas of what kind of contest we should run in February?
Last up, - was seeking ideas that would change our minds about libraries. Not there.
oh i know! but fully clothed.....<3
Ha. Thought it was a 10% >> 100% typo. Thanks for the tip, that is 10% of help I'll happily take.
pull em together #Kidd. This is ours to lose, we just gotta play like we got somethin to prove.
taking a break form live tweeting to shout out ,: spotted in the #SocStart panel
Strong language,lady, and ENTIRELY appropriate.
#Attention #Atmosphere , #nostalkin but I think I'm in love with .. Woah now that's A WOMAN!!
LORD BLESS THEM ALL WHO ARE WEAK and they don't know and trapped in world with no hope. Give then light, food and love.
Laundry and moving day...oh the joy!!_
Back to Basics....
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Many attorneys claim to be "highly professional"... see for yourself before spending a lot of $$ with one.
#Iamproudtobe: from the ISLANDS!!!!
Summary Judgment argument this morning. Ready to go! :)
Oh Lexi can't wait that long. I have to hit Ralph's this month. Holla at you when I am.
Only 48 hours left to get in on the ground floor and say you made it happen: www.PortlandBoatTours.com
you should check out Sungha Jung... :) If Kylo ever followed me on twitter I would freak out and be so happy :D
RT : Irony: I'm in the DC building that houses MSNBC. You can't get in w/o ID. You can vote w/o ID, but you can't visit MSNBC.
Rain rain go away, I need to mow my lawn today.
“: need to hurry and come home..... Lol”===>awe ya miss me! I'll be there soon dahlin!
Merry christmas!
Two words. LaMichael. James. What if.
William Walsh~ I can endure my own despair but not anothers hope.
want free honey wilders. go to thehoneywilders.com and download it all for free, ya free.
Thanks to for letting us play with and tonight! Next week, we play with !
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. - J. Harold Wilkins
I'm a sophomore!
GOOD LUCK WITH THE HEALING PROCESS..REALBUCKSFANS STILL REP #6 nomatterwhat
Music is LIFE/ shout outs; to all the artist,producers,models,magazines,directors and stylist were following!
RUSSY your taken ;)
Have Fun? And be safe. Hope u can do the game tonight.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Just keep going a little longer. Almost there!!...... OMG, I'M GONNA DIE.
Great to hear!! Hope to have you as a #FutureBearcat! RT : it was awesome! My favorite so far!
ari doing good getting stars and in the third grade
R.I.P TO THAT CLIP D.
and are just too perfect.
Beer Camp is back on August 20th! Learn about beer with a multi-course meal and beer pairings. Call or e-mail for reservations.
Newt: you do NOT articulate my values. Look up "Grandiose Delusions"—it describes your form of mental illness perfectly.
Tico's? Ruben's Taco Truck??
Benefit of sagging: You get to look cool like you're thugging.
when does that train leave lol
i care about his happiness so much
..and people ask me why i hate my life.
NBC&#39;s off-beat comedy &#39;Community&#39; returns, for now
did you see the new shirt?
MAN THAT "WORLD ACCORDING TO PA " BE JAMMING.LOL.HUH TEX?
I know betty draper is a shitty mom, but doesn't she realize that every year or so she comes home from the store with a new bobby?
cmon dont aim so high- jus pack an infants tube sock w ya
The Chicago Bears scored 48 points yesterday. Awesome.
": Once you hate someone, everything they do is annoying as fuck."
holy mess that was so long ago.....
right right.
of course hopefully by 530
bored af right now
Gr8 conversation w/ Tim John (Blue Mound Graphics, Inc) about starting a business; It takes an idea, confidence to start & action. Thx Tim!
Hey Frank, loved you in WARRIOR and THE GREY, but unless you sent me a DM, I think you got hacked. Good luck!
so many weird sounds outside my window right now...
Glad you enjoyed! RT : #phxprsa lunch fun fact ~ Disability Empowerment Center put out some A+ eats. Nice job!
i missed my old icon<3
Had fun, now just waiting! :)
kudos, ! that was pretty impressive customer service...
Gail Rosenthal planned a terrific program last night at Beth El Synagogue. More than 300 people attended the film screening.
I hate when people touch my stuff it hit my nerved and man that tickes me off
I'm still making it nasty tho!!
im sorry i wasnt talking too you babe but call me back i well i swear love you<3
too sweet...glad to be here
Thx for following me
I am doing a church tour next month. Just in the Phoenix metro for now!
You have it wrong. I have faith in Fitz, I dont have faith in Young. If VY spends year as backup, I'm happy
Happy Earth Day to all my people on the planet Earth!
it's going to be WILD! RT Who else is pumped to meet Frank's brother tonight??
it is a known issue and there's a fix waiting for approval from Apple. Should be available soon.
Step 6: Pause and reflect. Celebrate.
damn girl you make the shoes, the shoes don't make you!
We're happy and excited to have you and the rest of Team Penske here in the D!
Cp3 got more for some reason smh RT : Glad Tony Parker got some MVP votes
DUDES WATCH BOXING TO SEE A FIGHT AND CHICKS WATCH BOXING TO SEE SHIRTLESS DUDES FIGHT IN THEIR CHONES
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
or someone you love dies. I notice the same thing.
A friend of mine did a wine/choc pairing at a choc shop a few years ago, said it was amazing. Hope you do it and post pix.
High-profile Mira Mesa real estate agent accused of mortgage fraud. Eric Elegado and wife Charmagne face money laundering & other felonies
We're experiencing some MAJOR technical difficulties with eBay on the auction items. Hopefully the link to the items will be back up soon.
I will go to his locker tomorrow, convince him to love him, glue a picture in his locker, and force him to look at his face
"What does that mean?" "YOU said it." "Yeah but what was the context?"
I'm at the queens gate ready to fight the tyranny of leisure. I can't keep sitting around day after day with such joy and abandon. Can I?
Don't judge me monkey RT coming home drunk >>>>
#art21preview Segment on Catherine Opie is first.
Most do not fully see this truth that life is difficult. Instead they moan more or less incessantly, noisily or subtly, about th
Interesting to note that most of the tweets from #oah2012 are by public historians
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Chipotle Dry Rub 4.56 / 5 Stars | 6 Reviews by Kristen "It's easy to make a smoky, flavorful rub for grilled mea
Nothing hurts more than being dissapointed by the person you thought would never hurt you
Merry Christmas to you and navy brody be safe and enjoy!
Adam Schneider of Palace Sports and Entertainment joins Eric right now to talk summer concerts at DTE.
Wow...Kelly Hill I've not bbeen there since I was with the 197. 1-18 E. Co.
My hair is straight party lol
<3“ Wow im really feeling the love #SKCNation”
Best of luck with the move! Any last-day instagrams planned?
*CORRECTION* BOX 31-15 1 ALARM FIRE not Working
“If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.” -- David Sedaris
G-20 talk about need to prevent disruption of the world's food chain, but they can't ensure that if there's a disorderly financial meltdown
thanks for motivating me to do work
you just can't hang with the cool kids.
lol yeah my dad works for Vans so I might be able to meet him
I b trying not to b so hood early n the morning but future n tity Boi keep poppin up....I need a morning playlist
Ward 8 turned out for Gray Town Hall meeting-yes!
Am so happy you jumped in, I've been meaning to email you and see if you wanted to get together soon :)
Heather Catallo is beautiful, just like Maria from CNBC
I can't wait to go see Tom Izzo speak tonight at LN. Possibly my favorite college coach behind Bob Knight.
being yourself is the prettiest thing someone can be <3
In a time when #kodak and #polaroid are on the verge of bankruptcy #instagram acquired for $1B. Those are 13 smart (and rich) employees!
don't you mean #nopants?
Haha really? I don't see it on my end. :/
stoked to be following tonight! make me laugh!!! (no pressure)
Omgg you made a new account!(: Ah I love you!<3
F.N.O.- Failures No Option
I'm hoping to have some really righteous stuff for
That's awesome! Hope he continues to do well.
no but maybe there is something better! :)
Are excited about your next album? I can't wait (:
Interested in moving to Detroit? =)
You should have heard them graduation night when i started playing some ADTR in the car. I think Jen about had a heart attack.
Today UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE rec'd a donation from Amedisys Corp to continue granting wishes, $5000 what a blessing!
God answered my prayer and you made my day with your telephone call!!! Thank you danorush02
you could of just said yes O.O
hopfully hanging out with sadie this weekend :) than going to my grandmas sunday! :D
opens at the white house today at 3pm
It actually is bad, right?
the stage for a talk called "Forget Wall Street, Invest in We"
I feel like more cheating goes on in college then in highschool times ten lol
Were tf u think i been ?
yes and yes!
#OWIF: Wait, is the raft... moving?
I have been offered weed like 30 times in the last 5 months
Kids were late for first time this school year. 2 HOURS LATE! Little Sam was really confused about why we had to go to the office.
You can join when you visit next time :)
I said my prayers now im off to work for the night
Thanks for the follow Paul....right back at ya :-)
Don't say that word! .. What is IT? Ahhghhhh LOL
And now 7 p.m. feels too late to eat. I'M SPIRALING!!! (And yes, I do owe you a reply to your email!)
RT : President Obama to comment on #Egypt during 1:30 pm ET speech at Northern Michigan University. Stay tuned for...
Ironically, this one didn't come to my phone, which clearly believes I'm only interested in your tweets about Kardashians.
I think you guys might need a special Hunger Games themed cupcake...
Yes indeed! 10am-7pm daily at 3037 N. Clark in #lakeview -come see us soon and tell your friends! Have a wonderful weekend!
moving would be a lot easier if you got achievements
yes! there are so many plot twists!
Hello, shit storm at SFO. I just want to get home!!!!
IF I COULD I WOULD HAVE 4 MORE KIDS. I LOVE KIDS
We found chris brown's fist in Rihanna's face... okay, now I'm really going to hell LOL
unless Tiana got an email, no. sorry :) -Abbie
My boobies hurt.
Master Database Applications using Packt's latest IBM DB2 9.7 Book and eBook - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT Had to go to the next hole in my belt. I hate to admit that diet & exercise works! LOL! But, it does! Woot Woot!
Think I'll just start calling this the Moores jinx. #Houstonwehaveaproblem ;?/
happy 20th birthday ! hope its everything u wish for!
I'm gonna try spend more time on this account now! Atleast once every day(:
me too lmao
We concur! Beautiful home and property.
Which Hawkman headpiece do u prefer? The original helmet? Silver Age helmet? The yellow hood worn by Carter near the end of the Golden Age?
Killed it last night. Congrats to Jay.. getting for vegas!
$ 9 Flight to Italy - Every Saturday ( 3 Cheeses & 3 Wines)
Great call my friend.
Haha That's A Site I'd Love To See.
Good luck 2 all the SD natives playing in the all-star game tonight in PHX!
Working on the #Cigarette #Cinemas #blog. Hard takes. Informative interviews. Stay tuned and visit www.CigaretteCinemas.com.
Howland determined ucla to lose by 10 pts and we miss the 1st half of
there no suprise
Back to the money maker
I a lazy lout, you a lazy lout, marry me, Antonia. - Spanish Proverb
dehydrated assorted mushrooms, heavy cream, brandy, touch of tarragon, cardamom. Off the top of my head.
im really hot ! !
I heart #farmersmarkets!
pretty please
Listening to on right now... He's so sexy ;)
Slit my wrist to end this bull shhhhit and then squeezzzzeee till its All red, I'm glad I'm dead- notorious big <3
is this about that person we talked about? Hahaha
some student at wshs planning to walk out @ 2 in support of teachers
So handsome x3
One day, I will be famous and live my dreams……while you are still working at McDonald's ·_· :\
working on a new face for our site gonna include a featured artist in the O every month.. Artists send you info to
I can't call it son what's been good that way
I think Ricky Rubio about to give Jeremy Lin trouble
RT Hey Milwaukee--are you hungry? The Vegan Food Truck will be in town tomorrow!! <<< I can't wait!!
Practically an annual event. MT The Penny Arcade dudes: still rape apologist assholes who have no clue what censorship means.
My son went to the potty this morning, ..highlight of the day !
Wanna get PRESTO To perform at my party and DeeJayCasper to dj my party
Sounds like a GREAT day!
Bill Godwin's Ink Spots will be performing @ Friends of The Lyric Theatre in Stuart, FL. on Apr. 15th @ 6pm & 8:30pm
My nigga I grind to hard for dis shit nigga its been a lil min but I'm putting on 2night nigga I put dat on my nikes and levis homeboy
thanks Linda!
Won't an ed. major be less capable of paying off the same debt in the same amount of time as an engineering major?
At youth group =D
I had a blast with this chick at the Tavern
awww Lizzeth I won't let it happen again
woof woof bark bark! (in dog that means follow me !) =)
Saw Joanna McClelland Glass's 2006 Palmer Park a few weekends ago, would recommend as a very compelling contrast to Clybourne Park.
when I was younger, my grandfather would hear I had troubles sleeping. His fast response, "it's cuz you're lazy" ha ur quote nicer
Thanks for mention!
Oh, PLA, why can't you end nicely? The 8pm Megabus to NYC just left. Does that mean my bus won't get here until 11?
alright, can't wait! Hope all goes well, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
did she really just say if you stomp my head in you better kill me...lol im guessing u already lost the fight if you even get that position
Thanks, buddy!
We will start raffling stuff off around 10am! Keep your eyes peeled on this feed!
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
haha yeah I'm pretty real, except when I'm not ;-P... or would that be, I'm pretty AND real?!!? Have a good day!
Honestly.. with six seconds left? I hate the rangers
happy mothers day to al
thought of the day part 1: some journalism that is stenographic. it's endangered by the fact that no intermediary is needed.
Happy Leap Day :)
Do u have a STD? Which 1? Tell us at
haha second time you tweeted those words to me in 24 hours, hombre. things will look up soon.
Your enthusiasm inspires people.
I like my sugar with coffee and cream!
PayPal: I will NEVER want to use BillMeLater, so quit making me click and spend extra time to pay for a thing. Not cool.
Follow Back (:
looking forward to 4 days of no work - get the catch up with all sorts of friends, sleep in, horse around, write and read. Yes!
I'm going to marry my dog. Or Jeremiah. Whichever wants me more.
Yeah. I'm classless. Because I have an opinion on dancing.
Your tweets are so annoying.
I hope so, but I'm not 100% sure. It depends on how long it takes to get the blanks in. Fingers crossed that I have mine by Friday.
Nick Collins Taco Dip--only $36---this will serve up to 40 People--perfect for your super bowl pary!!
check out Ojinaga, it used to be safe.
When the day come that Stan Lee passes, I'll be tempted to get a flag just to fly it at half staff.
Stop agonizing over your next writing assignment! Come to the experts! Your Thoughts, LLC!
Cir. J. Sack (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in Bessemer Trust Co., N.A. v. Branin case involving the application of the "Mohawk doctrine."
just glue some on! I do love them though. I also love Katy Perry's.
RT I saw Low at the OK Hotel in '94 and it was love at first sight/sound. Tonight, we begin a 2 wk tour w/ them. I feel so lucky
Doesn't look like the #Indians will be able to go to tomorrow. The #RedSox have worked him hard tonight.
#oomf just don't know
Toni Carbo, from the audience: we teach privacy at Pitt iSchool; students have to read & analyze #privacy policies
When you like someone and they date the ugliest Girl ever
Anytime! Youre very welcome
Thanks for the RT! We're happy to follow you guys!
my #1 request in this library? zombies. always zombies.
I've turned my back on my bracket...
Sadly, at one time or another, each of us becomes a cautionary tale.
Just takes time to build up the list of people you follow so you can enter the conversation.
Noted! Hope all is well over at the new job!
YEAH RAVENS get it done.
i'm really not girly at all. hahaha
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don't say sex.
Wait. We talking practice? Practice? Practice.
Omg..forever crying.
snicker, snicker, snicker, giggle, giggle *stifles a most unladylike snort*
... apparently there is a lot of data saying that kids under 14 should avoid sports that expose them to brain injuries.
For organizations and employees alike, the only real security is the ability to grow, change and adapt. ~Kearney
Gummy Bears :]
I didn't ask you what you were wearing!!! :-P sounds intriguing though
We are excited to have you today. Tweet us some pics!
good afternoon
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness -Chinese Proverb
whoops, it DOES have priority inbox. win!
Blasted through Portal 2 .. need a new addiction. Suggestions?
Looks great - I have WILD on my TBR pile!
actually I was certified to SCUBA in college since former bf said I couldn't do it I was too weak!
wowww tampons in a goody bag? never got some until my cheer competion todayy (: haha funnyy
clutch free throws tonight man! keep it up
New site coming very soon!
I love this weather .
TO ALL Y'ALL WHO SAID I COULDN'T DO THIS you made a reasonable assessment
Kanye West is a fucking prick! Dissing that kid Taylor Swift like that!
"One Direction" <33333
Rickey visits Atlanta injured in his good eye , he was 65% blind in a previous injury, please pray for sight for this great recording artist
that was forever ago. Somebody retweeted it!
hmm bye guys :'( i love you im really sorry for what my mom did :'(
Successful work out with and <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
I never have time for this account:'(
#gotit #Imjustalittleslow For a geek like me that's hard to believe! HA! =D
I'll help, but i don't even have one! how the freak do you get followers?
ATL bound... already got a $30 speeding ticket. atleast I filled up my gas tank for only $40 in SC :)
Hey! How is your day? + would you please follow me?<AB
#2KSports nba 2k12 is gonna be the best nba game ever. cant wait for it to come out
Do you need a professional website? Get started today. $99.00 month call 512 873-0447
Thanks, Cheryl, sorry again about that!
John Hayes CMO AmEx: We overvalue the things we can measure and undervalue the things we can't.
thanks Rissa! How u been
Lol, I don't care about Cinco De Mayo . sorry .
Keep this in mind. It doesn't matter what industry you're in. You can be in a MLM, a Chiropractor, or any other profession with a brick an
Your RT is much appreciated. Thank you!! =)
Wow, coming from a suburban mom, that's rough.
Get your copy of the Crack album #TheAddiction today!!
I think you are right. I use and like linkedin for contacts and networks but I don't think their bolt-ons qualify as SoMe
Doc Rivers is one of the best with the clip board. Rondo runs out the clock. Great game.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
The theory of relativity, becomes a law, in a line where you listen to fools fighting with the knowledgeable. Get in front of the fools.
i will try to make it! Have a great show! Let me know what we can do to meet your drum needs!
I need some strong deliverance
NorCal & Central Cal teachers there is an talk Friday in Monterey at the CLS conference. See you there.
: oh lol yeah i talk to her(:
Lol were any of them doing the mummer strut along the way?
YUM! Top that with some bacon and you have yourself a little party in your mouth :)
Reviewing this morning's major features:
It's only the bad bitches who stay flaws with their profile pics and don't give a fuck praise the lord for them
Happy to oblige. *scratches behind ears*
Been in four different states with and its only 9 am. What have you done?
And if so, what makes you trust Google less than them?
What's happening today? Well around 4pm I will be making my rounds in Irving Texas. Jenny Beauty, Hair Mart, American B, cme get FREE sample
yah! They're at dirks!
Walter Reed will speak about his unique perspectives on August 26th! Space is very limited, so rsvp to chhe at 513-487-3055 today!
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Camryn Bihary on the 14U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program
Fenway. Been to Wrigley and it's justifiably full of bitter fans. RT Which ballpark would you most want to visit, Wrigley or Fenway?
Cool, we'll talk about meeting up sometime!
Not watching the game, but just checked score online--looks like a good one! Go 'Boys!
UFC 110 IS ON TONIGHT !!! HTTP://WWW.UFC110ONLINESTREAM.COM
haha no just normal on screen makeup. But that would be hilarious!!!!
the guy eating the zebra cake is calling another dude chunk?
Mine too. I showed it to my 5-8 students. One of our tech goals is to work towards better collaboration. Fit perfectly.
too many to name. I have 200+ things signed. I have signed balls by every living HOFer except Koufax, Layoffs & Blyleven.
agreed. Very ugly icons.
Twitter proves that you have a lot of support - moral, financial, whatever you need. Ask.
I will have to look around
When is this summer going to officially start? I'm tired of winter....
I'd agree and add that there are probably violent convicted fugitives on the run who are more "deserving" of a billboard!
I think we still "owe" you something, right? I am so embarrassed! I can't imagine what's happening to the mail!
Thank you love!
Jimmy chuck corn and I don't CARE !
I always like to smell good lol.
ah yeah, there are things I could nit pick, but raises awareness for live theatre...ppl should be happy
“: #MentionTo your friend who doesn't like pizza.”
Monday, May 28th Im releasing the cover for my "Loose Change" mixtpae with ! Shouts to Charles Davis on the design.
sorry mandi ... it's a little hot in here if you know what i mean. btw you have a BEA pass.
thinks he can remember more than four moves at a time. HA.
i'm not sure i can think of anything better than writing letters in para coffee while listening to classical music.
I dont want the lights to go out!?! or there to be a big storm:/ Im scared!!;/
Mike Stanley comedy show tonite.. than The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT
It worked!!
in 3 months, has made #Lin into both #Elway (savior) & #Tebow (polarized), & #Braun into O.J. It's pathetic journalism
SOME women got lower compensation than SOME men. Most men, like most women, got NOTHING.
Happy Selling ;)
thanks, but I want more than a simple pass/fail, I want to verify that certain fields are being selected, etc.
at work..on break somebody stole my food# sad
Thanks for sharing the Knight rant gold! (Its been too long,fellow DLP..congrats on the 2 daughters!)
First outing pitching?
Unfortunately snow. However, this is a cool photo.
RT Of everything I will miss about 2011, I will miss due process the most.
you should see them shortly after. The process to post them to a student record runs just after midnight.
#imsofuckedup I let someone take me to a wop party and assumed I would know other people there
One day of favor is worth a lifetime of labor.
More Latinos say they use Spanish vs. English when thinking (45% vs. 37%) #latism via // you?
I bet you'd treat her better if you knew how much you actually mean to her..<3
Dear Mother Nature, Could you tone down the wind every Monday!? I'm tired of chasing garbage cans & trash all over!
By the way, the "Heatles" was stolen by James, Wade & Bosh. Damon Jones made that reference to the 2005 Heat.
Car alarms are so stupid. They don't deter anything, they just annoy people.
um followin can u follow me back mam??
I think I'm getting old can't sleep anymore !!
Everyday questions : " you look high, are you? "
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast
Our inperfection & flaws make us human. Finding someone who can & will love u despite ur imperfections is a hard task but its not inpossible
i'm allergic to nutella but i would lick it off justin's body ok
I would have loved it !!! We need to get together soon!
I pray that we all awake every morning and thank God that we have this day and many to come.
Is that a British accent? Or you just trying to sound cool and trendy.. Bitch you're from Ohio
holy shit am I on board with that. Too many people love to hop on the complain train. BE A PROBLEM SOLVER!!!
where do you stay when you go?
I'll cheer for the Spartans for you.
Hey guess what should follow me and RT this that would like complete my life! haha
#shoutout to for the nice chat. U are my new friend in Illinois. Woot!
Calling all vets, do your clients really know what's going on with their pets? You can help them: www.anatomynow.com
#Barbarella Tweet me for $50 Gift Cert to Barbarbella Gift Card for Halloween!
5 days left till #Christmas! Need last minute gift ideas? Check us out at www.meitracknet
The Over is 8-0-4 in the last 12 meetings between the Bruins and Sabres
Russell brand is on jimmy kimmel live
Rumor has it...
hahah you know me, always talking to myself! ;)
Oh any chance he could love me too? ;)
the ability to inspire beyond the classroom or subject specific information, to impart learning for its own sake = GREATness
whats that on ur chin?? oh wait its ur other chin.. >>your mom is so fat she snacks in between snacks....
Yes! We love the app! read our thoughts about it on our blog at tweetdonteat.com!
Hi Dustin, how are you? I do some tweets in Spanish, some in Portuguese. Are you following some funny stuff!
Pharma revenue growth comes mostly from raising prices.
9 o'clock needs to be here right now. I need to play some fuckin VOLLEYBALL. #sooooooooooooooooooooooSTOKED to be playing again!
THIS ONE TIME IN 7TH GRADE THIS GUY ASKED ME OUT AND I SAID NO AND HE SAID HE WAS GONNA RIP MY OVARIES OUT AND EAT THEM LMFAO OMFG
Are they all over the SILS classes these days? I think Prezis are best left to short, snappy presentations. It gets to be too much.
Last year's Newbery-winning "When You Reach Me" by is now out in paperback! Come in and get your copy!!
oh well.....he is a clown!
Thank YOU, Jason. That was truly illuminating and inspiring.
Nice chilled out day for me and my princess :)
fredericksburg, tx. Becker Vineyard, Grape Creek Vineyard. Beautiful hill country
From the 80's yesterday down to the 30's in some spots this am. We stay at least 20° cooler today in #mke than yesterday
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy
WOO WOO! I can't wait for the show!
Oh , you always save lives. :)
I just grilled. It's officially summer.
Savers is the worst second hand/thrift store ever
i know u freaking love Drake. i need ur help. would u buy Drake's album or Nicki minaj's album?
I just love having terrible ankles...
Why am i still in this house
you get the PDF, ePub, and Mobi versions!
Really nice meeting you at - I'm glad that I'll have a chance to learn how to tweet like a pro soon...
This ass Is dancing tonight thoe >>>>
still up
Sounds good to me, maybe later next week?
Gillian Clark: Are You There, Chef? It&#39;s Me, Menopause.
“: Saying so many curse words in my head...smh” um u ignoring me. Don't make me come to MoCo!
it's wicked cool! “: Squealing with excitement over the WorkSmart™ Suite from #cgxemerge Oink!”
I only tweet less bc I have so much else to do. But none of it pays. But no money no problems, right? Ugh...
Deefizzy loves pasta omg
You've got the wrong there. It looks like you want :)
I. CANT. BREATHE.
I don't appreciate you underestimating me. I may not look like it, but I do have quite a bit of common sense.
#wiki Still searching for wiki editors who might have some tips for a submission I'm working on.
You don't always need to be in a relationship to be happy..
Sorry, , just now seeing Young Adult. It rocks my world...did you go to my high school?
Thx for the info - I love the "Best Unique and Artistic" Category
Champ Baileys reaction that play was sensational.
I just left. What stores did you go to?
Thanks to Had the wrong address on an order and it shipped, they just sent me a new order for free
What does RT stand for?
weekend report: baking, conference winding-down, collection dev. and web design homework, watching season 1 of sherlock.
but i cant really go off of that
i ended up just having margs that were on sale. Jm happy with my life choices
inadvertantly participating in #uwspiritday by wearing a Wisc sweatshirt (which I wear on many days I'm not in the office!).
What's the deal fam
Thank god for pandora
Once Upon A December
I always had a thing for chimney sweeps and shoe repair men. Can't explain it.
Can't get 's GORGEOUS "Glamorous" shoes out of my head!! Adding them to my Christmas Wishlist!!! Where can I buy?
Love your mom everyday ...not just today.
Did you sing in the shower this morning?
Went to , listened to story club and heard 's amazing story.
Great game revis now beat the pats
And our bakery has a cranberry treat that our pugs love :-)
hahaha yes!!! Dibs!
wondering if every teacher sleeps well over the weekends... By Sunday night, I'll be ready to do it all over again, though!
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing Twitter for Good & How to Fundraise on Social Media until 11am @ booth #1112. Don't miss her!
he should start his videos "hey boy hey! hey girl hey! hey bitch hey! thanks for the thumbs up haha
Wow, its amazing what people from back in the day have to say now. I wish more people would do that<3
RT : Perfect day to rock tonight! Bringing weapons of mass distraction! #War!!! See u tonight Miami!
My birthday is coming up on the 28th. My mind is on making money not spending money.
At the east LA park! Tired as fck!
long dong silver lives
Amazing workout! Can't wait for Power Yoga on Sunday!!
Are you making it down to Spring Training at all this year? I'd love to be there!
Thanks! Drafting a blogpost about tech in classroom in near future and this is great summary and commentary.
I'm from the #OldSchool department stores don't give boxes out.
ONLY when Free Trade Deals R crafted to PREVENT Trade Deficit will USA stop hemorrhaging good paying factory jobs overseas!
looks cleared up now
Thst is the most awesome Mother's Day celebration ever!
Exclusive: Over 55 and jobless, Americans face tough hunt
ringalingalingalinggg! HELLo!? Hi Claude! It's #mofones! Thanks for the follow! Crime thrillers are great! xoxoxxo ttyl!
We are a traditional #Chinese #Restaurant and we will be opening our doors very soon. Our location is
My condolences to you and yours.
heading to the gym
vertical merge and center in google spreadsheets!
well you better call me tonight. Text me though. I have something to tell you.
you are foiiiine! ;p
You are at our namesake! Visit
u pick up a pair for your hs coach for Christmas?
It's a beautiful fall day, come spend it on The Avenue and have yourself one of our mouth watering grassfed beef burgers!
that's freaking sweet looking!
found you through browsing the site--excited to meet you too!
Go Orchard Project!!! RT: 26 Towson students conducted first neighborhood fruit tree count. Step One in building our lists...
Readying for 750 writers, agents, and editors at the #Muse2012 this weekend...that's a lot of boxes!
you?? Never!!
Plaintiff or Defense work in Employment Law?
Just finished our video now were back at the studio recording all night!
What is your favorite spring activity to do with your little girl?
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
I wish remembers me i was the girl who wrote him that long the talk to much for twitter thing
" I know I'm not perfect But at the end of the day Who is? "
While egg rice and and sauce/spice usually point to 'savory,' summer is time to think of fruit. HardBoiledEgg+apricot over rice. What else?
Wilders: on BBC he said that UK trip =pt of a series (next wk Italian plmt, then US senate, etc) Only the UK has deemed him 'dangerous'
Always something new in NYC. Just saw a women pushing a pig in a stroller through Times Sq.
More rain forecasted for the rest of the week. APD remembers its fallen heroes, & CapMetro releases video of student hit! Next #fox7 at 9.
I wish I knew. We couldn't connect tonight to save our lives.
that's what we like to hear!
*calls the lightning to me, hair standing on end* He. Is. A. God.
ear are still ringing. -_-
it makes me feel extra horrible when you think something is horrible...
what.what.what?
You should look into how much land in the Western US is Owned the US Gov and the UN.
Neverending Story!!! That was my fave movie as a kid...I think it JUST RECENTLY changed lol
Someone actually referred to me as a "teeny bopper". My night has been made.
Can I have one Damn day to be treated like a Princess? Damn is that to much to ask?!?! #NeedSugarDaddy Lmao....
#Bluefin is exercising my stats knowledge at
Birth control lol RT : What do I get a fast 17yr old goin on 18 who's going off to college? Suggestions tweeps?
Dude. Too bad you guys had to leave so early. We watched it yesterday.
I'm doing research on the cuisine des mères & it always shocks me how women in prof French cooking became obscured in the 20th C.
JAKARTA welcome .. Iwas the first time toJakarta INDONESIA .. in many culinary
Keep quiet, nothing comes as easy as you. Can I lay in your bed all day? I'll be your best kept secret and your biggest mistake.
Follow client - 5th rd pick signed his rookie deal today with 49ers - he just arrived in SF for practice
Is there funding for hidden humanities projects? Pew's Heritage Phila Program has supported such projects (e.g., PhilaPlace)
On Da Computer In love
I like Saturdays. Slept in to a record 8am. Fixed a hot breakfast. Now getting ready to go to the gym. Rest of day will be nothing but fun.
I hope you all liked the social network, any way will be launched soon once we have fixed all the bugs.
I love jonhas murphy so much and i have a secret obsession with i stare at him all 4th period <3
books4teenboys: VARIANT by R.Wells is flying off our shelves
On The Grind Management is thrilled to bring on-board two of Chicago's hottest up-in-coming MC's REG MH & STACKS. Big years coming for both!
I remember when I used to say "bammer bammer bammmer" really loud
No classes tomorrow Monday Oct. 31st at the Kendall studio Location. Have a great and safe Halloween.
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requ
RT : my radio show and maybe a calendar ;/) I'm also relaunching my site
Beautiful hot day here and now on the way to Destroy Quads with the PhysiqueRx / Y3T training combo
Great day at
donne with school. summer, where are you?
Aurelio's Pizza, established in 1959, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Appropriate to wear a polar bear costume to work for the white out party? More appropriate if I cut two holes in the chest for my boobs?
Same in NYC. It's unreal.
Every community needs a gardener and a mayor according to Masie
we're pumped to hear all about the #AllStarWeekend! Have a blast man!
Yup & i was trying to log into ---> but it said that i had the wrong password lol !
I agree; takes so much effort to create culture in which people are comfortable disagreeing.
You dodgers fans should be shame
Well I guess I'm goin to in SD on the 20th. Thx see you soon cc:
Hogs are down by 7 at the half lets Go Hogs!!
I can dig it! Peace, Love, and Happiness 24/7 man life is beautiful. Live it speak it and enjoy it.
Cya Preds! Coyotes vs Kings in the western conference finals! Wow! Let's go Phoenix!
When someone says "the fabric of our lives" in the south, is it fair to assume it's a cotton pun?
I'm sorry you're disappointed, but we cannot afford to stay open on such a slow night. Besides, I need a night off, too.
my birthday is today!
I like the food channel but maybe we should just start a pot pie channel instead.
tweeting because in 25 minutes I will know what to tweet. almost 50
we pull the boats out this weekend. You bringing yours out on the 27th?
yay I'll text u what days I can :)
- haha! Wrong Deep Blue Sea movie. But awesome shark attack! :)
Early bird gym session!!
You're cute
It's sad when alcohol on someones breath seems comforting. Haha. Oh well.
More of our outstanding sponsors of #Edcampss: Thank You all!
WTF is Charlie Rose doing on CBS?
I want you to want me, like I want you && I want you to love me, like I love you.
Spending 30 minutes on the phone with is not a positive use of my time. Where's my compensation?
Not a single adult beverage today. How's that Irish for ya..?
We're gearing up for the Yard, Garden & Patio show this weekend in #PDX. If you have interest in such things, we've got books for you!
Safe travels!
Thanks for coming out to see us tonight, good sir!
lol , yeah but over 10 Million views in 5days . she doing something right . . .
you just not going to tell me good morning -_-
How can you use FB & Twitter in the classroom? Lindsey Leavitt
Hands-on with the Samsung Continuum dual-screen Android phone
That shit is brilliant
Add me to your #ala11newbs list. First time and I won't really know anyone there. :/
Hi steve ,
its dinner time and im still in my pjs just poking around on my laptop...AH I love my days off :)
From what I've read online it's GREAT.
gettin it on with !!
Then Friday Jordan graduates! I can't believe it got here so fast! Last year were we learning multiplication tables? Big Exciting Week!
Respond Back Lol.!
As a 24 year old sales rep in NYC at that time all I did was rush. I would hurry my way through everything
"Yes, the first is the conventional way to make an acronym plural; the second is (forgive me) bizarre." (From the Q&A section)
Those might be a pick-up fam!
A lady is a woman who makes a man behave like a gentleman.
Use #MammothWesternNight in a tweet w/ a pic in your Western gear for a shot to win FREE tix to the 2/24 game!
no :( I'm so caught up with work.. Getting ready for the craziest year of my life! Lol btw I turn 21 next year :)
#Imagine Austin dedicating a song to you.
Just read up on some the tweets about Joel Ward. It's CRAZY we still have idiots that think like that.
#Imagine Liam takes your little son on his lap. He grabs your hand and watches you proudly. As your son falls asleep against his chest.
Latest Findings in Breastfeeding Science Presented at Medela's 7th ... - PR Newswire (press release)
RIP Dick Clark
"The best way to fight negative feelings is to surround yourself with positive people."
You have to help a sister out. Delete the others!
Hello luvies! Who wants a follow back? :*
Why are there instructional designers but not content designers?
happy friday! Bio sounds yum! Feel free to contact me about my dining vips visiting for a group dinner
all of those strengths are true for fb too though. not really clear to me how it adds meaningfully to fb
is'ent cool the Regular SHOW has a cool ring tone?
Cool. We will pass the information along to Kathleen.
Happy Valentine's Day dear friends!!
No school tomorrow. Yes!
thanks!! I hope we win!!!
I love meeting awesome people :)
Who knew Ben Bernanke had an interchange on 1-95 named for him? South Carolina, of course.
Wow. That Hunter Thompson was fulla shit, man.
Kelly you are the best. Should've had the stage by yourself.... God bless
TOMLINSONS BUM is trending , how lovely it is. :) x
Watching this Grizzlies game <<<
Happy Birthday!! Stay Classy!
:) and as it turns out, there was no reason to leave. Flight is delayed. I should learn how to use technology. :)
We just created a new video
Love voiceover work!
Father's Day Special! 2 one-topping pies for only $25! Sunday Only! Place your order early, with this special it's going to get busy fast!
thanks lady !!
Second half, let's go!
ultimate goal: get the RIGHT people [people that love to learn, want to change] on the bus and the WRONG people off.
U EVER GET DAT TURTLE SHELL? I GOTTA CHALY HORSE IN MUH BAKK! * N MUH K<3 VOICE*
Guys, what movie should I watch? I'm thinking something dramatic and/ or mind blowing.
has 80K film fans that would love to connect for
In this time of economic trouble, we need to give some focus to our youth & the quality of education, as this will determine our future.
Loved, loved, loved #NewGirl!
thank you! Will do!
What's new at Mail Masters? www.mailmasters.net
like I said I won
Thanks for the blast of awesome! Monday morning feels good! : ) : ) : )
Pf Chang's crispy green beans <U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E32D>
Love Me Love Me say your gonna love me!
Bigger time commitment, but I like it much more than fantasy football... If you're a big baseball fan, give it a go next year.
Post-Eire-move convos with were pleasantly confusing for me. "Wait, when did we start agreeing on all this stuff?"
Nice crowd here tonight!
#NeverTrustaGirlThat is always up in the clubs. That bitch doesn't have shit going for herself. She's an attention seeker & always drunk.
Here's to the directioners who cried watching the More Than This video.
how long have you been coaching soccer and basketball?
On this day in 1933, MI became the 1st state to ratify the 21st Amendment to repeal prohibition. Cheers!
oh how I wish I was then I would have an excuse for it! Lol
sorry I got on your shit. Carolla is under my skin. I know you gotta do what you gotta do. We Good?
Well? How is it?
Since its summer.... Anyone down to go camping?
It showed me and my sister in this weeks #wantedWednesday flip!! So excited!
Cities I'll be in today - #Chicago #Milwaukee #Sussex #Waupun #Madison It's a #HappyMothersDay tour!
So according to my DM spams, seems like everyone is talking about me.
Once I said I had 30 minuted left the clock started going slower. LOL oh ok.
My phone has been caseless all day..
Close but no cigar! Here's the thing... they might work on a 00. Or just a plain old 0. A couple sizes bigger... not so much.
Retweet if you live in the Indiana area, and you want to come to Indianapolis!
Hey fans, we checked out a couple of new venues last night. Tell The Venue and Braza Dancante, both in Allen, that you want StoneAge!
I dont like how twitter look on this phone...
Resting in bed at 10:30 pm. Yah - I'm definitely sick.
Yeah heard that.
the top is done and the bottom but no middle lol Im Bouta tweet u a pic cuz idgaf
I LOVE YOU MORE
Ah getting closer to game time :D
Happy Good Friday, all!
pep rally((: go elks!:)
It's March...let the madness begin!
As much as I love Pokemon, it has no place in politics. This guy is such a joke.
That Tupac video at Coachella is truly breathtaking.
is like the sweetest girl ever! Love her :) #SimpsonSistersForLife <3
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
These defenses are playing very physical right now, New England will have a tough test in 2 weeks. Pats offense in the dome is nasty though.
harry too? oh you can't fool us we know it's April fools day! Nice try tho(: I love you<3
today is a good rainy day...good sleeping weather
BRIANNA!! when you come on check your direct messages
People on twitter be wit the shyt like they cant follow i be acten like its cool but its annoying i ant gon front it be
I'm an expert in smartassology and Idontgiveafuckology ;) please note it and take caution
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Future boxing writer Leon Washington? lol RT For the People who don't have PPView I'll keep you updated.
I'm excited the morning after an election; That hasn't happened in awhile. Congrats to and to the folks of
#WhoToldYou had game because they lied...
oh nothing much. And you?
"there is nothing i do better than revenge" ;)
" Thanks! I replied. I really appreciate it! #Fashionistas unite!! :) ox" No problem. Fashionistas unite!
Yea that's one of the problems when talking with people all over the world I never think about the time zone.
#koman foundation's recovery will take years.
obviously.... That's implied. Its tough narrowing it down from there
For one it's no one for me and two it will waste 5 minutes of my life lol
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner
“ Im Tryna Save Money Ask Me How Thats Working Out -_-”
Wow, 6-1 win for #BCHockey in Frozen Four semi-final. Here's to another dominating performance over Ferris State in the Final! Go Eagles!!
probably because the economic recipe that ran news-papers is gone & they won't be around much longer in paper form at least
Hey people in the CBS truck, turn down the music and turn up Jim, Clark, and Steve's mics
Off to choir...yayy....
GET UP!! RT : WHO WANTS A CHESTBUMP?
dude it's okay. She's gotta keep your ass in check JR. >:)
McCarthy : "Childhood poverty has increased by 30% since 2000."
A Detroit tour is my goal in life. Yes, please.
Connolly is a great guy, but #Bowdoin getting in is messed up. 25-18 does not deserve an At-Large Bid.
didn't tweet me back :(
my hubby is taking it off with me, and they're girls, so they're fairly calm, but duly noted. Lol!! I will think on this :)
Just saw The Avengers. Am I a bad person for wanting to naughty things with Captain America?
I enjoy chillin with ppl not being raped tho lmao ah summer is starting off great!!
Holy thunder and lightning! Strong rain as I drove in this morning. Rob says it won't last all morning, but definitely get the umbrella!
he's good to think with: best example of a historical "bad guy" in my diss, while also a model of modern bureaucratic expertise.
Upside to having the same Subway lunch every day: When you forget your debit card they let you 'pay tomorrow'. Still embarrassing though.
I, I b on it like my nigga big boi said!
That perseverance pays off!
How do you like the new green look?
Is Tom Baker's regeneration? Isn't it curious how he never wears an oversized scarf?
Seriously. Well, at least you'll never get bored! And this seems like an extra fun one.
stole the show
i wish i was blocked by
No seatbelts on the bikes-they are very safe! However we do provide helmets if you choose :)
yeah.. a man and woman. period.
and we all know my opinion on Starbucks!
I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw!
The start of the month has me listening to N'Sync. Huh?
#winterx and naps. Just what January should be.
You too!!! :) How were urs
YEs and I hope I don't irritate that one eye of yours! :)
It's a New Year make a resolution to support Black Theatre
Gun in mouth, I pray for sunshine.
Skin Care Tips 4 healthier/beautiful skin: eat healthier, hydrate, exercise, monitor sun exposure & practice a regular cleansing routine.
Fred Couples 2010 Masters leader (-6), Tiger Woods two strokes back as day one of the 2010 Masters came to a close
that's exactly what I need it for :) mentioned it a tweet this morning LOL and they actually replied LOL!
You just made my night
Burnett got signed to the Pirates so obviously he's just looking for an excuse to wear an eye patch. That's dedication
Personally I would tell my friend to fuck off.
Wonderful to hear all went well at your launch ! Thanks to and for making it happen.
I love roller skating I love it
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
Kitty says, "I'm always serious when I'm waiting for tuna! I like to run and jump on the furniture & terrorize the peeps."
In hallway outside courtroom standing room only inside approx 20 supporters outside. No one looks happy.
I'm not confident our understanding of what "liberal" is matches. Plus it's sad that you see only two opposing sides.
Yes sir! RT : Must be joy in Hoosier Hoops country as has IU ranked # 1 in recruiting 4. Class in 2012 !
I'm done with the 3 ring side show circus @ work...........bunch of clowns!
Caps are finally playing the hometown team after 3 years. Watch out bruins!
thanks so much Megan!!!
but standing up to a most likely drunken idiot is definitely fair. We are all humans with emotions and I think people forget that
bulls liftin they skirts up....smh
1. Defining function of human genome sequence - Dr. Green,
The Sibelius finale was electric. Bravo (and brava)!
Sharing! Friending! Tech meme'ing!....RT Brilliant --> "I’m an Article About the Internet That You Repost on the Internet"
Ah! A SNAKE crawled into my car engine! We've tried opening the hood, spraying the car with water and moving the car. He won't come out!
RT: Tonight and will be guests on #mediachat for their 1yr Anniversary of ! Starts at 10pm EST!
What's it feel like to get eaten by a lion?
thanks girl! :)
i'm ready for my next break now.
are you serious? You're not done yet?
Okay holdon If i'm nt Dunni can i be you??.
Only 16 days until Mobtown Madness! Follow for all the details....
haha well i guess the big shirt u had on the other nite wasnt BIG enough...#justsayin hehe
It's too fucking cold in Philly. I'm taking my talents to South Beach.
It's, like my fingers forgot how to type over the weekend. Backspace, backspace...
me too! so excited!
How do I check in 5 hours early for and yet I'm still in boarding group C?
I got them all for the low @ my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE www.NikeAirYeezys.Us www.AirYeezy.Info Pennyhardaway.Info
I feel sorry for duke fans I hope we never sign a player named Pat Forde
If I efiled my taxes today when should I expect my refund to be direct deposited?
thank you very much for the reply and thank you for your service to our country and if you have facebook and myspace please read my profile
“ Baby Cakes :D”
Never flush cotton swabs, cotton balls, hair, facial scrub pads, diapers, sanitary products etc... down the toilet. This can cause a flood.
Bring it. RT : Duke. Whatever.
And who do u think is the FATHER
I LOVE YOU!!!!! You are my television BFF!!!! Is that creepy? Well, I don't care if it is. Keep on keepin' on Whit!
maybe it's cuz everybody thinks I look like JB. But do u want a shutout?
sorry!! we had something go wrong and twitter unfollowed a bunch of people.
he's still really cute
If she said "call me definitely" there's no way he calls. It's all about the game, folks. And yes they have that in Canada.
If I don't know you in real-life, I'm not gonna accept your request to know where I am around town.
#oomf asked me for a graduation ticket hm
Going into work 2 and a half hours early <<< fml
I don't know what it is either.
I'm Feeling you Homie.. Now he's Gotta get My Ravens over the Pittsburgh Hump!!!
When you finish a play and have a free afternoon<<<<<
tommy Streeter will end up being the steal of this draft in a few years
DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES.
Mikael: Linked Data cloud: only a fraction of the sources use RDF at the storage level
lol i hate doing that shit :p
Wesley Mathews to sign autographs to support his winter coat drive. Beaverton Town Square Fred Meyer. Tomorrow 6-7pm.
Even a blind squirrel can find a nut
Go look
thanks for ruining it jackass. Guess what: Anna Karenina dies in the end. You're welcome!
How can we best inform younger voters about the long-term stakes of November's elections?
I feel like imma throw up. ):
I wonder if got some good
RT if you stopped to enjoy nature today :)
Bitch! I'm not rihanna.. "I hate the way you lie"
good now follow me on instagram ;)
Thanks ! Sad to confess I couldn't bear toi rd last 3 issues of The Sandman
instagram*<---takes pictures of everything around you and nor just self poses
okay okay. I'm just kidding. I got another on my ear. But that was funny huh!
Senior Design: 11 weeks of busy work, 2 weeks of design work, 1 week of presenting, 14 weeks of stress
NO! Not yet! Don't tell me, I watch it tomorrow. How is it getting back to real life?
Once upon a time i held you down better than anyone. But all the others got first draft maybe if I didn't do such a good job. Shit who knows
where do I sign up?
Breaking a mirror Is seven years of bad luck. Breaking a condom is 18 years of bad luck.
I remember watching Corliss in college & thinking he was a physical force & in the NBA he was another dude...see same thing
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
Wow! in san Diego! Love this place
I understand.. How it's hard in the beginning.It will Always be easier said than done.You'll be fine. You're a big boy! Lol
If that Dos Equis guy were real he'd really be mad interesting! Fellas pay attention!!
Honk and Drive all volunteers, we will meet at park in Miramar 37th Ave and Pembroke Road at 12:00noon!
congratulations sir. Well deserved
Whats wrong with smocking weed? I havent heard of anyone who OD'd on it!!!!
Welcome to new followers:
what'd you do?! does that mean you'll come to the riviera with me soon? ;)
Chilling chilling..ball tourney saturday baby
Lawyers love me, apparently. Every time I've been called to a courtroom, I've ended up on a jury. Three times now. :-p
The best and most beautiful things in life can not be touched or even seen. They must be felt with the heart! :)
listening to you right now!
Keep your eyes open for updates on the New Year's Eve gig!
it looks nicer than yesterday!
CMU students sing at the Campus Superstar FREE semi-finals SUN Feb 19th 7pm at Pitt's Wm Pitt Student Union. $5000 PRIZE!
well i am now ! what are you doing today
I'm so sorry, I know what it's like to lose someone close. It's so hard & life changing. Just hang in there, it gets better.
wrapping presents. baking cookies. & watching christmas movies. with the boy :)
ALERT: Hot Rod is on comedy central right now. Why this movie didn't win every academy award is beyond me
One more night on the road, in Charlotte NC, then back home to Pittsburgh. Been a long but eventful week.
Happy tears going on here for both of you...Tucson can't wait to have you back!!
Something about rainy days in New Orleans that makes me smile.
I will continue to proudly wear my lumberjack beard!
So I just heard on a radio interview that in 20 years we'll have wars over 'drinking water'... Thank God for Electrolites! (idiocracy ref).
NBA games be on late .
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day
If I give up now, I'm giving up on my family, I'm giving up on GOD, and everything that I stand for. Gotta keep pushing.
apparently, that is what he said after the japanese bombed pearl harbor... a quote that I use for my own personal motivation
attack the enemy today sir!! #letsdothis!
mostly old switchboards and things - working on family history project with daughter
yep last leg!
no cause the Oreos will be there to protect you
Hi! I'm well, just two months til graduation. I see you have a new job, congrats! What are you doing for Clear Channel?
Cool people to follow
“: 's in Arizona so I have to keep myself occupied lol”--I'll be home in no time babe.
The perfection of Khloe and Lamar is indescribable
What's just a solid, basic Facebook widget for ? A lot of these plugins are kind of old. Are they still goodies though?
I've had this same thought. Or at the least a "share this book" feature. Especially if you could target it at specific ppl.
Awe I guess it doesn't hurt to wait! Yup.
You finish all 3?
Im Famous Bish
sorry I spend most of my time doing hw, being a bum, & when to a job interview !
So happy I got my poster signed by everyone and of course :)
"We All Have A Really Short Friend" its me.
that is great news!
I'm with Andy, doesn't seem ready. In fact, the Wings should just give him to the Hawks. ;)
Thanks for the kind words!!! I hope you got some great shots.
im an asshole
#design for clients is like a person not wanting to #jerkoff so they come to u for a #handjob... and they always want it their way.
a/a for two hours. smh.
at wiscrelic.com
Men In Black is bull$hit!
why does twitter keep deleting our @ mentions? it's getting ridiculous.
and after you pass your test, you can take a 1/2 day any time you want. Too sunny...1/2 day. Too warm....1/2 day :)
It's bitter sweet
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
stunning. love white.
Morning Farm friends, come by today & pick up our strain of the day; Mr. Nice Guy!
It's early, but the K-zone is very normal today.
Holy crap, is this football on ice?
If "to husband resources" means to save & protect them, what would it be "to wife resources"?
I've picked a good brunch place for when you and are here. The staff is cute enough I'll ignore your hot husband.
in Memphis ck us out great music!
I'm going to need you to play "Friday" at least 3 times on tomorrows show!
Your tenth stranger request this morning: Would you read aloud your “The Place Where Ghosts of Salmon Jump” for... (1/2)
I still do! I can't even move lol
Not all #sxsw tweets are created equal. Thanks for good editing and interesting tidbits.
I didn't know you smoke cowboy killers
Meeting downtown to discuss "tour production" or as we like to call it, "make big sound go BOOM!". Love it.
Hey, John! Your byline is still at the top of my column. Just thought you should know.
how kind of you to say such a thing
I can't get that link to work - the page keeps timing out. Your article is just too popular!
Q1 Saying "the content is available digitally" is assuming youre dealing w/a public that always has comp access Thats not a reality
We had so much fun at the TX Clay Fest today - and wait until you see all the AWESOME pieces for the Silent Auction!
:) Case by case. Do they are on the registered offender list or may think ur flirting. If "Yes" to either, then steer clear.
"Age is a matter of feeling, not of years." George W Curtis
Dear Eirik, No YOU are the greatest knife ever. YOU are! Love, New Knife
the cheap collections of the free Kindle eBooks generally fix the formatting issues from the free versions, worth a look
major shoutout to D Hell, hasn't smoked in 8 months!!!!!
Finishing up psychology then worrrrkkk at 4.....#BLAH /:
Rock On
#140Cuse "Your cause can be whatever you want it to be... The real thing is how you get people to rally..."
Yo. Dudes and gals. Go check out our purevolume, you'll effin' love it. www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
My parents said to never take food from strangers, but when a lady hands me a perfectly good McDonalds hamburger, I can't resist!
Thanks for sharing from our blog.
“: I am so glad to see you two together again....gives me hope #missyoutwo”>>aw thanx babe! Miss U
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I can't do this by myself.
I miss her so much <3 are kisses are so perfect it's crazy when you kiss a girl everytime in it just feels right... :) <3
I heard cigarettes are actually quite nutritious, so long as you get your 20 servings a day. He's confusing cigarettes with weed.
Folgers Black Silk is not bad I agree!
I'm on point
Someone changed studio speakers to WPGC while I was in bathroom to freak me out. I taught everyone here that trick!
Happy Birthday babe! Hope you're having a grand time.
awww the guests have arrived!!! Stream live at power983fm.com
Phew! Web application maintenance complete. I'm glad to have that done, it's been weighing on my mind for weeks.
You have no idea, no idea that I'm even here, I'm even here.
Let's go Miami Heat they working tha Knicks
always in motion bro.. u?
I recently made a major decision... I am not longer on Facebook. Too much time spent there with little to show for it. Twitter & Email!
Where did all these people come from and where r they going? And raining too! Unbelievable!
Can't empower students if you're not empowered.
Today's magic relationship word is LAUGH
Happy President's Day!
Happy Easter to all!
Was gonna buy a sandwich on the plane but they ran out. Flight attendant says, " I'll take care of this"and hands me a bunch of free scotch.
English is Dayana's 2nd lauguage! c'mon now : Ivanka even had a hard time not laughing at "I've never called you a word" Ha ha
Hopefully I'm not alone this Valentines Day like I am every other year ._.
Little Dig!
PS3 Freebie! Go to NETWORK, select INTERNET BROWSER, select CRACKLE -- watch and stream movies and TV shows.
they are... i got them Lebron 9 southbeach and the retro 4 cavs and white blue retro 4s today
I'm interested in doing an event with you guys!!! :) do you have an email address I can contact you at? Thanks!
Our program today is Understanding and Promoting Brain Health, speaker Amy Schultz from OPAL institute.
Is it just me or is it that #jelena is always on the beach making out?
Hurray!! That's a fantastic feat. 1390 online guides.
RT Claiming that someone else's marriage is against ur religion is = being angry at someone 4 eating donut b/c you're on diet.
K,Ai ai ;S
“Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.” ~~ Samuel Johnson
Arnold Palmer and Vodka ! Yes says I ! :)
Hello in your humble opinion which book has the sharpest opening lines? Who sits the standard I guess is what I'm asking.
As a 38 year old big nyc sports fan, all I have to say is Jets = Mets. Case closed.
Bellhaven Scotch Ale... nectar of the god's my friend. Enjoy!
I'm so dang Hungry, I'm about to get a whole bunch of food, start my homework, && SMASH.b
Blessed to have life and the things to look forward to in it
A week of rising equities was probably too good to be true - futures lower. Market will hate Obama's millionaire tax. Europe still wobbling.
This argueing thing we got going on is getting old.
It has a bruise which is a bump in the tire
Happy Friday Colorado! It is very green outside. The rain did wonders to our grass and trees.
#beauprez to #mcfarland at #lpr2011 - how does europe, russian and energy /world economy play in all the current events?
the tear tattooed on Amar'e's cheek? It's for the death of his career.
A reporter called our film OF DOLLARS AND MURDER.
wahoo congrats thank you Jesus for your gifts and talent
I love everyone at work , always giving me positive talks and making me feel confident with school, tomorrow enrolling for summer classes!
first Myspace, then Facebook, then Twitter, then Tumblr, whats next...
Sculptures by the Sea ... the Bondi Beach with 90F and blue skies folks.
Talking dogs would totally KICK ASS
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
7pm central : So what time does the draft actually start tonight? I could look it up but too lazy and this will probably be easier
text me.
okay sounds good. Yeah me too... kinda lol. Have a good day sweet cheeks
hey I followed u so u can dm me if u have questions x
lol have fun wit those 2 there not dj they will stop hitting
Love your new song, Biebs! :)
Ooh - another cool article examining the plight of #fashiondesigners & #copyright (, I think you'll enjoy this!)
Ask how you are, being a nice person cuz I actually care for the answer you would give me. And you don't reply back. Bye dickhead
Have you ever wondered how to determine when it's time for new brakes, tires, hoses, plugs. . .?
thank-you!:)
Opening night of #HenryVI.. I need to take my preshow poop.
Thought my personal favorite, Capital Island Wheat, got the snub
Aw<3 did you say that to her too?
RT! ARE YOU REGISTERED VOTERS?
Idk why that pissed me off but it did grow up your like 4 years older then me.
also i'm so looking forward to #sxsw and hanging in austin next week. keep it weird y'all.
Twitter Analytics: Any Good Free Tools Out There?
Vegan 101 is proud and honored to have received an endorsement from the incredibly talented and fellow vegan, Rikki Rockett from Poison!
Check this out : Search ‘Zerg Rush’ In Google, And wait for a Pleasant Surprise !!!
Suck on that Giants!!! Romo we are flying now!!
*blush* “: … I was complimenting for their responsiveness. Great use of social media following a story.”
Rajon Rondo is the best PG in the nba PERIOD
Michael Floyd will be the best receiver out of this draft
You know you like it. ;) lmao! :D RT : haha thats creepy!!:P
Late nights, early mornings
Why don't we ever hear the "I can't believe I have to haul all this heavy camera shit up this mountain again" Ansel Adams quotes.
My internet has been a bitch all day.
I've made a coffee table, but only welded for the film, using the torch was fun.
So, can we get a new Outkast album please?
You should have your mom call. Good luck! :)
I need a new twitter application.
Sol week= an excuse to dress like a complete bum everyday.
awww, James looks so cute with glasses!:)
James pukes, Wade craps and Bosh pisses when game on the line ...
roads r icy so that means theres a good chance there isnt school tomorrow :)
It was great - thx for asking! RT : thanks! My weekend was wonderful and very #green :) - yours?
Goodnight Gotta get to sleep for schooll Yuck so goodnight Twitter
that is the drink of the Gods!!! It will take you to the happy place indeed
I'll be there tmo w/Bronx for the bulldog beauty contest, and then the Young Alum Barktoberfest. Good times.
Dese hoe mad abt a nigga ion even fuck with this how u no im live
Found them
"Ive been waiting all day, for you to call my baby. So lets get up, lets get on it don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight" In my head c:
Wonderful food, amazing people, fun things to do @ SingleGourmet.info
First night of language classes at the School of Continuing Education at UW-Milwaukee.
Swear all of my follower Aviis are pretty!!
Why can't I fix the whole world?!?! Rawrrrr
She was drowning in her thoughts
No fair Do you get to go there today??
Giving someone the rejection hotline # as if it was yours
Thanks for the RT Geordie!
looking forward to meeting at the Democratic Convention
“Hard effort is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.” ~Vince Lombardi
who wants to be my valentine this year???
America Now is on right NOW! Learn about Cuba's diplomacy and an ancient Mexican drink that's making a major comeback.
I'm pretty oblivious to current events :) Are they talking about the stuff that was labeled as Organic?
Oh god. There planning on making a black ops 2. Hope they fix the problems (don't fix zombies, its fine)
zombie spacewalk is super cute.
i hope you come back to new york soon i miss you!! <3
Adam and I worked together on it and still didn't finish them
all the pressure That Sanford Police Dept are getting over this neighborhood fool killing this young man IS GOOD. he could get what gave.
The worst part of a conversation is having to pretend like you care.
World Cup is over. Now ESPN can get back to programming that doesn't suck.
We're still figuring out our plans. Word is some of us might end up at #Moonchine tonight! #Sushi is always a good idea.
Nice to meet you too. I emailed you that link for
“: just listened to use to know ... Good shit” - Thank You !
Why the heck is "sensual" a category of business card design on Vistaprint? No thank you, I think I'll go with "floral" or "modern" instead.
I can tell, u didn't even spell "so" right ur so pissed
i still cant get over ur senior quote...y r u always thinking about food u moron
omg! your so god damn lucky!!
awwwhhh last semester!
“: Why Do People Hate On Lebron For Winning The MVP..? He Balled Out All Season..! #Haters”RT he's MVP for a reason
thx for the follow, go Yotes!
"I thought I told you that we wont stop..eh eh" *Diddy-bops*
So you go do that and not let us know
thanks for the follow Joy!
This dudes swimming shirt says: "my time is faster than all your times combined"
hey kelsey, i love you.
Thanks for the hugs. was so nice to meet you on the studio. :)
aw! Thanks boo! I miss you!
What's with La Plata, #Maryland? They get the worst weather in the area every time.
Come On & Ride On This Funk Yall !
Yea but MJ won so quit about the flu and talk about denver whoopin ass": 31 = Kobe scored 31 points after getting an IV
Be awesome. Be as awesome as you can be, and never apologize for being awesome! Just stay grounded ;)
whats up ?? where you from ??
@ Gift Theatre benefit. Awesome night. Talented actors. Good food. Michael Patrick Thornton - you rock! Congrats on 10 years of NW theatre.
thanks for taking time away from working at work to share that with us
Are you tweeting while he/she is drilling???
Just saw a wonderful performance by Dorota Piotrowska and her group Her music is killing!
:15 weeks and the paws ARE enormous.
Brr it's cold
It's the lowest note in the #MozartRequiem Kyrie subject which gets stressed, not the highest. Same with Handel's And With His Stripes.
The lovely just sang "What Makes You Beautiful" to me
Wet yucky hump day
my mom is forcing me to cook breakfast for her lol
ARSENAL SCORES!!!
Watching Dr. Who. I love this!
hey, you should check us out. We're a legit band new to Vegas. We moved here from Florida. Let us know what you think! :)
Yo, Nashville roots musicians, publicists, etc. We are Music City. Who's up for helping organize an informal concert 4 ?
Just had a beet and falafel pita sandwich from at and it was delicious! A must try, people!
I don't think there is an option for that anymore. I'll look into when it went missing and try to add it back in.
Lakers at Thunder!!!
This pact is about to be on and poppin'. Lol.
Okay :D I'm looking forward to it. -raises eyebrow- I made a Typo in the last one -_-
Sometimes it takes more talent to make less noise. Choose your frequencies wisely. #HandwrittenFortuneCookie #Damnit,NowHungry
Alright, I'm done reading about Oden tonight. Very bummed, but I'll still hold out hope for him until he calls it quits.
BMW low-emission London Olympic Games fleet unveiled | Car Advice
Wish I could, but wrote that 3 years ago and didn't keep my research. Ironically, I don't remember what sources I used.
I'll help!
I'm FEMALE friendly. Not ECO friendly.
thank you bud
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Flughäfen
Yo it's so HOT in this damn house
you know, just the whole bizarre weather patterns this year, that's all
Throat's parched. Bout to go to da fridge n' get me a cold pop.
Bitch I know Santa, I'ma tell him to put you on his naughty list.
Taking rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Staying at home and watching movies with my mom > going to the boring ass skatepark with Caitlen and Johnny.
My source? The same place I get ALL my news; Twitter. I'm just a little disappointed that I only get one "official" month.
“: So, 6x launches this week in 5 days worldwide... ( ~100 hours, actually!) Is that a record? () doesn't count!”rt
Sure could use a Big Popper right about now...
#BeliebersFavoriteLine "We can go nowhere but up"
That awkward moment when nothing is awkward... O_O
AH OUR BOYZ ITS OUR BOYZ OMFG.NICK LOOKS SO MUCH OLDER AND TALLER ZNFDSHRESJISICRDH RINIJJMHUR
"Falling Back" is a crime against parents of little ones.
check out our "SOCIAL VIBE" section on our blog. if you'd like to donate for the cause, all you have to do is spend 5 minutes of your time!
In Soho - time for retail therapy... :-)
Feels good to have a little workout :).
Dressing up as Santa tonight for all the little kids (:
BOOZER!!! U still soft as fuck tho
Happy Birthday to our good friend Daniel Creegan!!!
just ready for david to come home
That nap was on point
#onlyinamerica may be one of the funniest shows on tv right now
Thx a bunch Mike!
Anyone else notice fellow librarians can make some of the worst patrons? This woman just now almost brought me to tears.
Went to the Mr. Brainwash art exhibit and wound up in a cult.
Our good friend always gives a refreshing look at the
he's on trial for perjury, not for using steroids.
blood of virgin maidens lol. and you're flawless, shut up.
I thinks it's about time for change.
End of 2nd and still scoreless. Hoos have left 4 runners on base; Mitchell with 5 Ks thus far.
hahah glad you liked it! I did it just for you ;D haha
Let's get 40,000 #followers. He's a good dude!!! CEO of Shop today!
Send Moen to the semis...
damn.. Good call. I've never been to one
Author: A fool who, not content with having bored those who have lived with him, insists on tormenting generations to come. **NOT MY WORK**
Lamentably, yes!
man I hit you up lololol the phone work both ways lol
Who's going to tomorrow?! <3 SO many amazing musicians playing. spread support.
Ugh, Tam Tams.
As much as I hate Kobe I have to admit that man is very clutch
lmaooo my necklace?
The #BeachBoysReunion was incomplete without
Im hungry:o idk what i want though.
RT : RT : Omg twerk team dwn here today ... :D<<< Endless Music Tonight!
I would watch! Lol keep up the great work.
My Understandings, ohioisonfire
how are we going to tell if it Is or when the boobs tweets start?
I think I had one for all of ya(; miss you too! I can't believe the only time we leave for easter you guys move back!!
I LOVE Tigers <3
will you guys have any android version soon?
Lucky u huh???? Get a clue hunny and buy u vowel and complete the phrase for yourself... u r a h_e
RT : Red Arrow Labs looking for an experienced PL-SQL application dev to add to our team located in Milwaukee. Know anyone?
It be great if mcarthy wouldn't abandon the run so early luckily the packers d is playing out of their mind!
So where's my free movie??? :D haha
damn, looks so good I just wanna jump in!! Hats off to ya for picking that one :)
'JOIN' our Yahoo Group TODAY + Come to Victory Church Of God EVERY SUNDAY for service @ 10am & Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service
TDIH 1793 - George Washington's 2nd inauguration, he says only 133 words! GW aka the forefather of Twitter -
I believe in God's healing powers
Whenever I go to starbucks, I go out of my way to say Small instead of Tall and Medium instead of Grande. It makes me feel victorious.
Is Pavano trying to look like an old homeless man in the dugout? 'Cause I'm not buying it.
Just wanted to say Congrats via another social media medium!!
Awe can't be that bad baby!
Pulled a hat trick with McDonald's today.
God bless the child that blows the strong
Annual argument with tv/Internet provider... Turned out good this year!
I am calling you out for leaving significant details out if your twitter feed.#just saying
Sounds good! Tuning in! (Scott Ford - Portland, Oregon)
my boy continues to be a poet <33333
I had a fun time last night. My cousins party was fab!!:)
lol i got some other stuff to yipppyy
How tall are you?(:
maybe this just means that (like you said) word frequency is just not an ideal data reduction-
MUSIC VIDEO: Mindless Behavior – “Valentine’s Girl”
Yeah so tweet me back! lol
Drink deeply. Live in serenity and joy
We'll try to make you feel like you're there.
I just drove by a semi full of little piggies going to market on the interstate. Whew, had to hold my breathe. It didn't smell like
Good Morning! It's a beautiful day and I feel great! Helping a friend this morning this is back to work! I'm also planting winter vegetables
What do I do when I'm so in love with you?
Doubled down on watercress and #chia in prep for Cookbook Webinar today at 3:00 EST. (Need Dr. Pepper) Can't wait.
GET IN TUNED!!
Hi : ) I am doing great! How about you? Congrats on being one of the top tweeters in Country Music!
Doctors appointment on Tuesday. Finally.
Pretending to wait for the cashier to wrap my (super inexpensive) gifts , but all I want to do is stay on this armchair & sleep.
After all you're my wonderwall
Burke is #Gopher hunting today! Boom.
We love having u! “: Always have the best time at the & parties in Vegas! Last night was a blast”
Color me intrigued!!! Tell me more, tell me more, tell me more!!!!
Thanks for the mention
i love when the boys arent covered in make-up.
"The woods would be very silent if the only birds that sang were those who sang best." -Henry David Thoreau
thank you!!
Everyone should try and love themselves. Its not the same as being cocky.
You not in the circle boo!!! Lmao
Would you trade either Berkman or Morse for Brandon Phillips? If so, who would you prefer? Thanks!!!
Dear people of the web: Do you really think spammers cannot figure out your clever info[at]gmail.com tricks? str.replace("[at]","@")
I want to make comic books with
What do you inoculate your starter culture with?
Drake concert was amazing.. Had so much fun..
Which 10 fascinating PDX characters should make it to 'revel in portland' volume 1 and give you their own personalized 8 top picks of pdx?
cool!! I'm editing, should take me a few hours, so look for it tomorrow morning!!! :D
“: WWYD IF I WAS BALLHEADED ?! LBVS” roast you until all your hair grow back
I told the waiter to get me some of the snaps on the snipe and make it snappy
I wanna go get in some trouble tonight!
Doctors say im the illest cuz im sufferin from realest!
Off work and headed to Time to ride
We did! Still always interested in meeting interesting folks though!
Shout Out To Hot Vogue !!!!
RT : Jamey Moyer, hero to middle-aged men everywhere, wins again for #Rockies and becomes oldest player to ever drive in a ...
- what's nwobhm?
almost choked on these damn selects
Ruth and I biked up to the Botanic Gardens today. I was a beautiful day for a ride in Chicago and we thought of you frequently.
dammit i slept weird now my joints hurt
I missed old caillou! they never said when is he gonna turn five! i've been waiting since childhood.
Goodnight to all. Believe in your dreams.
That's just the way it is.
Wish i had an iphone
9 out of 10 men prefer women with big tits
Just a side note- <U+FFFD>Gary Vee<U+FFFD> is Gary Vaynerchuk, author of Crush It!<U+FFFD>maybe consider changing this for accuracy
Charcoal grilled chicken has to be the best invention ever. Thank you, cave men.
Happy Mother's Day to all you amazing moms I follow and to the mothers in your lives! Flowers now for everyone. OneLove.
I'm literally about to supper and then shortly after I will commence the slumber...
Gay-Mo looks nothing like me!!
Is on set powdering sweaty soldiers..life is good!
RT “: (RICK ROSS) I'm on a diet? somebody lie! i got 2 whoppers in the car! ugh!”
not much. Why the quote? Cause it's all good?
if you die before me I am going to see to it that that phrase goes on your tombstone
Had a great night I look forward to seeing you guys soon.
First Easter without family :/
Cedar plank salmon with smoked lavendar branches
RT: We are never justified in harboring unforgiveness towards anyone.
Summer is here!!!!
I'm always getting side eyes from my colleagues at work as I giggle in the morning listing to Star's Crazy behind! LOL/CTFU
Yes for Monday Social.
5/19 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
Thanks, Marliese! I'm definitely planning on blogging about it for :)
Steven Tyler needs to stop....right now.
what did you think? I thought it was fair except for the "get drunk and ride the metal ball" deal.
Hell Yes!
next time you can come! Yay!
When did basketball players stop "scoring" and start "scoring the ball" instead?
I think I wanna rent a Hamptons house this summer
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another. - G.K. Chesterton
getting ready to go to Santa Fe to go and look around. Really excited. And just got finished feeding my uncles cow watermelon.
What was mrs Jackson HW someone ?
615 am in the office, film at 715, practice then practice...can somebody say "READY TO BOUNCE!" Wait its only 220...uh yeah im tripping!
it's all good big dawg I still luh you
yeah but even those songs have a completely different vibe from their earlier stuff, nothing like For those who have heart
#onlyif I found a cure for cancer
Your guts, just my big foot...seems like its YOU that keeps rockin..way to go.
Hi Betty nice to hear from you .Larry
your first funny tweet!
I need to take a drive...
Stay tuned for another amazing announcement from ! We have 5,000 reasons you will be excited.
I totally understand how Anansa feels
My wife says, red light. Blue light. My 5 year old - what's blue light?? My 6 year old. The cops are coming. LMAO
...how is this different than Google docs, where you could save PDFs and share? Have you heard of an IPR challenge to that? Hmm
Here we go!!
she aint say dhat we was just curious cuz we havent heard about it in a minute
My brain hurts!!! It's a GOOD hurt...maybe I'm just over capacity on great info!
we used to get free tickets all the time. the supplier base dried up though :( bummer :(
RT : Am I the only one a teeny bit underwhelmed by Rooney in Givenchy HC? (No disrespect to peerless Team Tisci.) #oscars nope
I just realized that somewhere along the way Twitter 'unfollowed' for me. No wonder I've been so edgy...
Who's at the game?!
Check out , great for writers in social media.
I wonder if Justice knows the whole school laughs at all her tweets....... Embarrassing
HEY LYNDSEY, nailed this song on american idol season nine did she not?
Cougar Town is funny every year!
Talking in your sleep... Brooke: FLYKTOGKF!!! Me: what? Brooke: leave them alone. Me: leave who alone? Brooke: the shadows. I'm concerned.
2012 in America, and we are oh, so close to talking about the real issue of God, menstruation, and what is unclean, I can hardly stand it.
how do i be cool like u
Sounds like you had a good time!
I second that! RT : And I don't like these jerseys. I like the purple pinstripes.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
You don't have to convince me!
You guys should be bumpin' "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Damn i heard tremors wasnt fast last night
Ha! what story did you rip off from me? I'm flattered! Unless you're playing a joke on me.
With all the talk of authenticity, it's surprising how many tweets are (obviously) automated.
interesting fact re broncos steelers you would think they would have met sometime in preseason over 51 yrs
ooVoo with the lovely !
You were looking for epic, right? Faily McFailfail is clearly more epic than simply McFail.
~ its good to see singh at the he's one of my favorite players
hope u got to stop by!!!
The lineup for WANGO TANGO IS AMAZING!
I'm ready to get into something the day is young ^_^
what does that mean? :-)
I had so much fun, too. What a wonderful mid-day treat. Hugs to sweet C!
Ursula gets impaled by a ship.
": thanks for the #FridayReads shout out!! Did you enjoy Diamond Life?" / yep...what's next??
That new jj song definitely samples a Charles Manson parole hearing.
but going back and forth with the gate agent will get u nowhere but left at the gate
hey where i can watch the video? do you have a link?
its funny how when justin berly tweets all his fans go crazy n start sending message n other tweets lol
Received a Citicard phishing email. Where can I forward to?
We be based here at Lake Cumberland. You on a houseboat bro?
Im the best I know
No, I bought a ticket, but couldn't get there. It was after work and I would have had to take 3 buses & skip dinner. Wanna go?
Just tried to pee in a empty pepsi can, stopped halfway, too messy. Can I borrow someone's di*k ?
that is awesome
Seeing today at U of Iowa. I can't have my student loan debt increase through higher interest rates as an educator!
Very happy that Phil Hartman finally won an Academy Award.
today Rock Center has watercress & potato w/bacon and tomato w/parmesan. all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons.
Yea. I like hearing that. Mike and his crew do a fantastic job!
WAS THE WORST SMELL I HAVE SMELT MY HOLE LIFE
Seriously? An a Capella group awarded 4 being an influential Jewish tweeter...but no1 representing the Boston community? (censored)
ACCEL Points Eliminator kits for FORD V8 #2020 Are almost completely gone. 1 left in Ebay store Auction & 1 left on our online store only.
i know lol but i want him to call me soo bad lol
And your true colors finally came out. Who knew bitch was a color?
I would not like to be a flyer tonight.
CD on the way to work puts me in a good mood every morning :) I can't wait to see him!!
what did you do to your shock absorbers?
On the way to leather store for strap makin' stuff....
Just posted photos and a brief writeup of a recent Sunset Hills Vineyard tour. pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
thank you!
dont feel that way hold ya head hun
This is not the life I chose but this is the life that chose me---
On the 100th anniversary of Lucille Ball's birthday, her daughter is asking fans of the "I Love Lucy" star to be joyous.
Folks &quot;dancing for diabetes&quot; in Ellis Square
Just told my cab driver his car smells like pancakes and syrup.
Looking for summer volunteer opp for 18 yr old son walkable from downtown #Carmel. He has low vision so can't drive, but is ok to work.
you're a creep
This is about the time where the whole "so much studying left, so little time" comes into play.
i don't think anybody under the age of 40 should be rocking a coach purse ... it just seems so granny-ish lol
there are those of us who live in the economy - and those who run it :-/
Man, who knows how many #Twitter followers I'd actually have if I quit reporting
Tweets are entertaining "AF" :)
#youknowyourhighwhen what if the music i hear isnt the same type of music you hear, so we all actually like and dont like the same music
Turkey creek
So far as I can tell, The Hunger Games is just (Stephen King's) The Running Man repackaged for the post-YA fiction craze.
thanks for the RT!
really, pissing on a tree with with 20 open potties 2 feet away
When leaving a job with a 401(k) or similar plan, rollover the assets to an IRA so you can choose the funds you want.
Thank you so much for the kind words in your return message. My Mom is better, but the even greater thing...she's happy again! THX
Im glad weve crossed paths- everytime I see you, I learn something about myself- sounds selfish, but you are an inspiration to me
Anyone able to sell t-shirts at Garibaldi or Turner tonight?
I hate how I'm so hungry late at night
Organize your business details with the Google Places dashboard.
I'm so pissed that they took you! You're a great player....kick some ass for the Impact! You will definitely be missed
you're right women need eyebrows
I hired a cleaning lady for the first time and she just arrived...I'm in heaven!
Spring break for the kids. Today was about riding bikes, volleyball practice, and karate drills in the backyard.
I love going all the way to class just to find out its cancelled
look at bailee with a twitter(:
I need to get my nails filled... asap
Who ready for the superbowl get at me
Happy Saturday--Thanks for the RT, Remind me...you either sacrifice speed, quality or ? I forget the third element
I'm tired as hell... it's gonna be an early nite...
hahah someone's bitter, lil bit of gardner as well for good measure
im not a basic human being
I tried and the dude literally said "Bank cards work too"
-_-....WHAT?! RT them African bunnies are no joke B
hey girl! how is your earring line going? thought of you bc I want to carry some pieces for my store, !
Dis is my movie
Oh you are a cat , then
Two great vocal jams Local 802 Friday w Frank Owens at 6pm. Monday IWJ at 7pm at st Peters. Antoinettemontague.com
I'm so over itt... and himm, shit i tried.
SAY SOMETHING CAUSE YOUR DRIVING ME CRAZY WOAHHHHH.<333
still, it's admittedly underwhelming. p4k can pull artists better than that.
RT : #mediachat okay. I am totally interested in now
": Lmaooooo Kevin Hart Short ass"
So muthafukas towed my shit 5 min after I got out the car 100dls to get out I told the driver Its dem tires go e cost u more...
Why? What's going on ? #gladurhavingagoodday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Haha I know, right?! Where is my storm story when I need some news! And no biscuits either...Forsooth.
any good spots in Georgia for a soapy tit wank????
Your favorite bag from your new collection is that on HSN, I think I missed it, because I got to have that bag.
Wrapping up another fantastic week filled with green roof, living wall & rainwater harvesting projects. We design/bid/build/maintain -oh my!
We feel free when we escape - even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire. --Eric Hoffer
Rehearsing for There's some pretty hilarious stuff happening.
well I bet you are a stud. Do you only run the 200?
Thank You Jesus...!
Lmao. Its funny how u dont hear from people til they in need of something. U know i got three kids and doing this parenting thing on my own
We're training CPS educators for our Facilitator Training the next 2 days on using in their classroom.
the power went off in my school all day and we had a lockdown for like an hour because of the tornado warnings. Crazy weather!
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/24/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Very proud of my oldest son Cody who graduated with is Bachelors Degree this morning from Texas Wesleyan University. Well done C
Ugh can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
we were so bad ass. we seriously have SO many pictures together. I miss you too ! so much :(
submit it!!!!
Based on? Skeptical how this news got to Miami before Chicago.
On this shift, I have to do coffee, then work out!
I go #running during my lunch. RT : Anyone who works in an office - how do you get activity throughout the day?
Lol totally used to do this! “: Faking the date on your homework so it doesn't look like you did it last minute. #funnyfacts”
At Big Woods Brewing Company on a date with (my husband). We pretty much just talked beer and critiqued the brewery.
are you 'inserting' the date or typing it?
:: is hosting its 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic this Sat. 4/7 @ 12p on Haulover Beach, FL. FREE food, games, & music.
Thanks for the kind words man..
Rain #1 and Bulls game #2!!!
My mom says i have to start early if I'm gonna make my dreams reality ... I'm ready to start now(:
I get sacred everytime sends me picture mail
Quote Twiwaa Japan Mo Potion De Il $$$™
hahaha i knew what you were doing when you texted me!!
Spa day with mamma rob and gma rob :)
You do not want to miss PGHTee tonight ! This is a great chance to see great art and drink tasty homebrew.
Sumbody gotta hate me, cause too many people love me<U+2764>
sounds good!
Happy Birthday Beautiful Lady! I hope your special day is full of love and joy! :)
used by 1.5M+ devs, is #1 mobile app publisher in Apple’s App Store making it a #FASTech50 on.wsj.com/lc42MJ
schwartze had 2 and was the intercept. And was the last try.
So good. So good!
Don't hold a phone interview via cell? Most of #GenY only has a cell. Hold cell phone interview where calls are not dropped.
Work every day to BE YOURSELF and fulfill your brand promise. The best brands are made with consistent & persistent performance.
Discussing banks for next year with mi padres so I'm not broke and living off of and her family in Terre Haute...
Freshh cut for the weekend.
The #mysteries in #life are what make it stressful and exciting at the same time.
Because love is unconditional.
You make me loathe humans slightly less...
Tomorrow open at 1030 AM Hoping to see the Irish get another win.
: It's not the type of school; it's the environment, vision, and techniques used in the school.
. is very behind. Saw on that scored, then waited to see it. #Bruins still have a chance to repeat at this rate
Happy Birthday!!!!
#thursday is the long day of babysitting
Thanks for your comment. What's the better question in your opinion?
At some point it'd be worthwhile to read À la recherche du temps perdu in French; can't ever see myself working up the ambition.
Stylist is dening it..
Want to cut your debt? Pay off your smaller bills first and then focus on the larger ones.
that means a lot coming from u, Bradley.
Sounds like a plan!
In bed, watching my saturday morning cartoons while eating cereal out of the box ^_^"
of course I will tell them. We miss you all and love you all too! <3
Controversial Republican Christine O'Donnell in #DC next Thursday, August 18th &Noble downtown to sign copies of her new book
There is a difference between not knowing and not knowing yet. --Shelia Tobias
Acid Staining Concrete Floors Atlanta Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta Ga 770-380-5277 Check Us Out !
awesome story on Thai Basil, Nur! Thanks! Beers again soon?
i like to burp and sneeze on people
What's up bitches ?
some fraternity or sorority on campus.
"the betrayal" episode of "Seinfeld" is on right now
A: The beach, but since my parents never brin
You're right! We can have a contest! Would love to see Anna spitting out seeds on Ball Circle!
Damn do she ever tell me goodnight.. :/
we have a butter cow bandanna at our booth if you want to add to your collection!
lol yeah we played alot and wrestled! :D so yeah she was def worn out and so was dad :P
ah OK. I love photography. I have tons on my Facebook. I also use an app called pixleromatic to edit
that sucks!
you're welcome! :)
Flying now to Singapore on my way to#WPA in Jakarta--long trip ahead--time to catch up and get ready for a great week ahead!
I second that! When will it end?!?!
Gonna watch Spongebob bye
by chance see #theraven yet, big Cusack and Poe fan, is there a chance it's good?
Talking about politics kind of makes me feel bleh lately. An exercise in futility really.
hey a women that can get what they want without giving up the guds #respect girls who give it up just because need to be saved
writing....i'm already on page 14. :)
oh I bet!!!!! I'm I'm west anchorage! RIGHT by the epicenter!!! Scary!
Old School Mix on til 10p then on deck Alter Ego Sundays from with
More to come, for now goodnight everyone =D
Gee thanks! =)
Hehe. I had an uh appointment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I agree-ery.
:o thats scary
16 when auditioned, 16 when called back, 16 when got the part, 16 when told i cant do the part because i am 16.
Great work out .
#Smash not holding my interest, so far very disappointed. Too bad really like Debra Messing
USC Grad's Second Olympic Chance
you bring your friends we will bring ours!
Datz My Favorite Part Hhaha..! When He Wuz Going To Da BathRoom
Young Avenue Deli, how is it even possible to do business when you have nowhere to park?
Thank you for the re tweet
I love my Glee playlist on Pandora... Especially when it plays songs from Disney movies! Perfect homework music!! :-)
you give me butterflies :)
"What are ya gonna stick me with some fuckin needles?!"
Happy mothers day to the best mom ever
at a party i was at someone just changed Justice to Miley Cyrus. WTF
Teaching my friend how to use Twitter
Watching end of #NASCAR Budweiser Shootout. Lots of auto racing #sportsbiz conversations recently. Still TBD if something there.
I was on our Tactical Team for 19 yrs and I know how hard it is to leave but I saw your other Tweet Congrats on the State job
try Maggies on the South Hill instead and then go to Chaps for lunch
one of the panelists was from ; we bonded over our love for the great ladies in
Based on the costumes I've seen, I've concluded that Michelle Pfeiffer is some form of pixie, faerie or sprite.
March 1,1994:56am Weighed 7llbs and 11oz.He Grew up in Stradford-Ontario,Canada with Christian,Ryan,and Chaz.I know more.
Close #OKCThunder game force me to wait until late to run. Just did intervals in the dark at 10 p.m.
Happy Fish Fry!
LOL OMG THIS MADE ME DIE IM GOING TO BED WITH A SMILE
Charlie Sheen is my idol and I would love for some tiger blood in me!!! Charlie Sheen should be president!!!
I like this. RT : The Pacers have lead for 6 out of the 8 quarters .. People better start realizing they CAN win this series!
Really liked your link on css learned a few things!
#Kim #Possible is trending. In my world, this makes sense.
Weddings always have to be stressful... Ah running around gathering everything for Alex & Mark's big day!
im at home
omg me too! My friend just got one and I'm so jealous!
Dear Universe - please send me someone to love. Thanks!
Congrats to Sophia for winning the giveaway!!
Building carpet removal started at 8am. I bet the apartments w/ bedrooms next to the stairwell are loving this.
Favorite day of the year ... not.
you did though!
Would love to discuss! Can you send us details!?
good to meet ya again. If you need a pedicab ride again anytime, hit me up. Heh.
There's a lot #WalkScore doesn't account for. It's no gold standard.
stayin in tonight..not feelin so good :c
Commission public input hearing from Whittier. Watch now at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
Today's ideas must take into account tomorrow's mobility demands.
May the lord bless you and keep you for that. Kate is the true miracle.
The Third Principle of Kwanzaa is Ujima (Collective Work and Responsibility).
hey I luv u so much plzzz follow me!!;)
If a man sleeps with over 100 women on yo ass then ur pussy must b awful
Feel free to bring him :-)
cuz i made you walk !
arent we all hustling ...gotta stay on it.... lock in
#Knicks somehow keeping it close. Not playing Toney Douglas helps.
Don't know why, but columns never save right in I'd read a lot more of their stuff if they did . . .
how do u know? Did the lord personally tell u that? Or did u read it in a book written by man?
Yeah. Something with a browsable front-end. All the good services seem to be media-type specific (Vimeo, Scribd, etc).
RT : Tickets to the show are going to make the PERFECT birthday gift.
thats why you switch to girls
If anyone can tell me how to get a 600GB 6Gb/s SAS 15K 3.5-inch HDD in the philly proper area within 4 hours, I would love you forever.
will make you a dirty sully next time if you bring the olive juice
it's a strange thunder rolling through my head
babe i tested you love and you just failed the exam shame ..
Refer a friend a get $5. Go to dealoria.com for details
for the x factor!!!
leading our office bracket - go heels
Me: "over 40% of women think marriage is outdated. Wow!" : "100% of men think women are crazy!" lol touché.
that's not a surprise!!! You the bomb Anthony :)
Mark probably has one of his grandkids doing it for him... ;p
how many techno invents were made possible by the technology and materiality of the post-it?
#NACUA : Many institutions report having implemented hiring freezes to lower employment costs.
Anybody want to go to burrito bros today?
i should point out that the article includes women in that list. Women, Latinos, Blacks = tickets! ;)
I will share some photos from the show Hedda Gabler shortly.
#BackInMiddeSchool single A girls basketball was the highlight of those 3 years
when i got cute texts >
the seniors are lucky this is their last full week.
And just like that, Amy G. starts to get the hate tweets. Poor girl, 162 games until its all over.
You guys did a great job! The students are lucky to have such awesome alums! :)
Please hold hearing & vote on HR 2885. 7 million illegal aliens in non-ag jobs. 20 million Americans need job
Ha! I love that this is so shocking. I would've joined a while ago, but it took me a while to decide on a handle.
Agreed. RT : Great strategies! RT : Super insight from
I wish you could google how people feel about you.
Could be a killer for OTAs...they better keep an eye on this
check out our article on how we think #jagr will do in the nhl at www.weeklylineup.net
Jonathan and Charlotte were so good #bgt :)
Anyone selling their #SXSWi badge? I'm looking to buy one for #sxsw interactive this week.
once i'm back from recovery we'll go out & look for what equipment best fits us
haha. Oh sorry! I'm not sure. I think we are trying to do it tomorrow night. I'll talk to kristein and tell you more! :)
bastard! Let's get cub nation after him! Tell her to find a cubs fan. We treat the ladies right!!!
I will never reveal my secrets
When YOU dont text back <<<
I like the feeling of a little jalapeno pepper juice in my eye.
baby you a groupie .
I really like the points the kid in the camo hat keeps yelling out
.com check it out THANKS...
And that had nothing to do with my disliking of the Cubs either.
Marika our sound editor is on a roll. Sven's music is great, she says and by this time we should be complete. Talk about exciting!
To wear pants or not wear pants, that is the question.
time for lunch - i'll be back for the afternoon sessions - more to come!
Skipping the kickoff party at the Pilot in favor of the librarian pajama party at the Marriott
Look for our new Crisp & Fresh spring themed white wine rack at the downtown #Indy Marsh location!
that is a lovely quote
she need to shut her ass up
It's crazy to be able to see how one person can inspire so many and give people something more to believe in.
Our top tweeters this week!
me TOO
"Hey. I'm a Super Hero. Royalsman. You, wanna grab nachos sometime?" As you can tell, that line always works.
Give me a follow and I'll DM you back, young papa.
“: When you Smile, The Whole World Stops and Stares for a While :) .x” awh stop Harry, you're making mi blush <3
A sedan extravaganza in the Big Apple A slew of mid-sized, full-sized and luxury-brand sedans will be unveiled at the New York auto show
Netflix, I will punch you in the face for not having "Field of Dreams!"
Kobe doesn't look like he is going to last the entire game.
yeahs! can't wait to get caffeinated with ya**
GO TO BES
why was FSTV the only one televising the #OneNation march today?
Yeap im not
To the tourists who casually jaywalked and endangered their own lives on 17th St. just now, you guys are so dumb. A car can hurt you!
Got my Dayglow ticket yesterday.
I love that song. Do you want to hear a funny group to listen to? Haha. What my friends listen to?
Of Course! Thanks for keeping us in the loop with your great blog!!!
getting ready for a roadtrip to Bend tomorrow to see bro Matt, his wife Nicole, and baby Ivy
Guess who I saw today!!??
thanks Brian
dude that was so hard to read my mom was lookin at me weird haha but that's sad
I must have rode my bike to work in the pouring rain today because my brain is so smart it can convince me to do the stupidest shit.
I'll take them on as wards of Stoolman manor. Raise 'em to be the proper Hawk fans their dad would be happy of.
Momma Knows Best - Jessie J
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing that doesn't know of my existence and I sit here all day talking about him -___-
Novak on fire! Cold as ice. He is both!
Order Magic Article Submitter Separately for $55
Lmfao proper wish I had a welsh accent
Thanks to for helping in our phone bank tonight!
Herman Cain is a public access cable character created by Tim and Eric.
Everybody is a genius. But if u judge a fish by its ability 2 climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it's stupid -Einstein
Scandal.....wow....Scandal went there
is the warren coach getting fired?
are you serious? Is SHE serious???
ill translate for ya
Hi, I see that you are a marketer. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
Got the Burberry shoot plus another shoot this weekend and I'm up for two runway shows. Hate to say it but YAY ME ;)
I made myself a healthy LARGE energy drink. "ELECTRO MIX" dietary supplement (found @ sprouts), 1 liter of HALF CRANBERRY/ HALF WATER.
naw lol, that's my blood cousin justin, im kyle.
right.. I see they cut Melanie last night..
Happy Valentine's Day Kids-Art fans!!! <3
Many #women with #BV actually have no symptoms at all, though some may experience burning or itching or discharge.
shopping day! :)
Me, too! 5+ hrs on email yesterday & now you can't even tell. Worse thing it was only home acct;school acct a mess, too!
All time saying right there
All natural does not always mean healthy.
I hate dumb hoes <<<<
We are seeing more examples of #creative #audiences in #SNS. If you find an example send it our way for our next book on social media
Andy Katz was just asked on radio if anyone in New Orleans is picking Kansas tonight. He said someone: #Badgers coach Bo Ryan.
This weekend try our "Take-Make-and-Bake" cheese pizza kit with dough ball, sauce, cheese & instructions for $5.25. Also available in vegan.
well its about My Little Pony so totally plausible :P
Forecast for Friday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69. Light...
what? you don't like slow jams?
All this talk about what Brady Quinn said...who cares? I mean come on it's BRADY QUINN...nobody's ever really wanted him
What type of luncheon will it be?
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him.
Thanks so much for sharing our invite!
Awww feel better cuz!! That always sucks Rt ": Back 2 work after being off for 2 days. Being home sick sucks!"
Me thinks the worst of #snowpocalypsetwoelectricboogaloo is past us. But then again, I ain't no meteorologist.
Happy to have you following. Enjoy your weekend:
Haha, the dog has emphysema #the middle...awsome show
What I thought was going to be a bump in the road has turned into a pretty steep hill... Gotta' find the right gear.
Kobe plays to shoot as many times as possible. Lebron shoots 53% while Kobe shoots 43%. Sounds like Lebron wants to win more.
How do we create a movement? Developing passionate communities and having a clear call to action. People want to help.
Hanging out at Arbor 8 Great Hills for the 2nd Annual Grateful Dead Meet-up at the Movies.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Having to find out things from another person rather than from the one that was supposed to tell you <<<<<
I am a very lucky man! I love my family and my job.
TOO MUCH DRAMA
Is it my imagination or is Instagram a modern day version of Polaroid on still video ?? #justwondering ....
that's why I left when I did. “: 2 of the homies about to fight each other and I ended up with ranch on me. Glad I'm sober”
Which plan is more crazy: running for president with no money/experience or moving to Canada? Discuss.
Okay, didn't loose any poundage last week but lost 1/2" of waist and 2" off hips. So still considering it a major win.
Lancaster Chamber orders Prosperity Indicators report
Inception takes its FOURTH Academy Award for
If and when Torino's decides to rebuild, we'll be there to support them!
e-Transaction screen reports are starting to be run more often! Looks like it's time to make sur ereports are done by the experts.
Retail therapy isn't as effective when you're broke from previous retail therapy sessions.
”I don't think any pleasure should be guilty” Right on Glenda!
Who the hell invented "my yearbook" that shit is stupid!
Girls on panel explaining importance of Empowerment of Rural Girls#UNICEF So happy that we're streaming this event. Important topic
The background on your page is fierce!
Based on ur Jacob portrayal in BD1, I suggest "I Need a Hero". An oldie, but I bet alot of Twihards would say it suits you!!
Honey 2 will never ever ever be As great as the first honey, I really wonder why they tried to make honey 2 it's straight up WHACK!
I really dont like Jim Schwarts. What a turd.
Expect anything from anyone.
Nope, and for that reason, I'll only buy my shoes from zappos. Much less hassle, better selection, faster!
These guys are cool -->
no problem :)
On a Day Basis Outfit? What is it? Xx
do you smoke weed?
It will happen!
i lost my twitter touch.
Great talk by Dalton Caldwell - a true master pivoting
Unfortunately I don't think I can use urban dictionary for this.
Happy Birthday, !
-Saw your remix. Great!
I'm gonna tell you late I'm going to take a nap :)
Looking at latest radar: I think snow will end between 1-2am most areas. Until then...let it snow!
-got svc on 10/28 it didn't work for a month, then they sent a repairman called me stupid twice - now a bill for $566.55 SUX!!
Let this be a lesson on trusting "gossip sites" as reliable sources of information.
willy called to tell me I'm a pansy
I got yelled at for shaking my head at someone! Duude
Why do I wake up early on the mornings I need sleep the most!!? Then I can't go back to sleep...
You never can really fix my heart
who heard that j.cole album ...
Saying the iPad is just a giant iPod is like saying the Weather Channel is just a giant thermometer.
Awhh okay, I gotta find my way up there to hang!
There is a very intense game of Bananagrams going on at The BeerHive right now!
Patriots Day and the #bostonmarathon. Do you do anything to celebrate?
yeah I just realized I read that wrong lmaoo
and all the players, thank you for a great game tonight. I'm proud to be a fan!!!
So looking forward to the SECUSSA reception at #nafsa12. Um, okay it's not 2003...never mind!
invite to you come meet the candidate for Cleveland Clerk Courts today 5pm-7pm Grumpy'S in Tremont on west 14th
had Tony Hartman recording steel pan at the house. "I Need Some Money" b/w "To Be Named Later" 45 coming this fall on Green Vinyl
We spotted search crews out near Skyline Elementary again today. Hear what we learned about their efforts at 5pm
let me know next time you go, I have unlimited free tickets
Our podcast is similar. Beginning to try creating content rather than just recording lectures/events.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.11
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Check out SAPB! presents 650 North - a free concert! this week!
lol, thanks so much! .::mush::.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 10
authenticity is everything.
Q from : is it possible to segment an audience to a point of it being too small?
hey what's up? Its my new nephew
Google something funny!
How Much Would A Person Do in Order To Go To Their Happy Place. ?
Busiest days of the year for the post office will be the next 3 business days.
I Cried when I saw the Movie The Lucky One! :'(
4 things we say at New Tech: 1: I need a charger! 2. Do you have a dollar? 3. When am I gonna need to know this? 4. MR. MARTIN!
Another photoshoot-filled weekend!
The rapper guy was pretty good.
You go lady! : Feels good to be running again.
I got golden rubbers in these denim pockets ;)
how come the death of children is a favorite subject for the Sun on Twitter? How about some insight or some inspiration?
THINGS I WOULD DO TO THAT MAN n ;p such a nice ass
Ugh FML it wont let me delete that picture whatever #YOLO :p
I'm sorry for what i've done, who I have become. I don't know who I am apologizing to, mostly myself I guess.
Tomato soup - Drat! I hate when things like that happen. So not fun to clean up.
Feeling depressed & being tempted. please pray for me
Will Ferrell AND Zac Efron in town this weekend. Tune into at 10p to find out where you can see 'em ;)
My snow shoveling efforts were lackadaisical. I like shoveling after a snowstorm when the sun is out. Today, gray. Let spring do it, I say.
yo happy birthday man!!! Scorpios unite... Celebrating mine at the next SNS!
I'm craving NY pizza now. THANKS
Glad to hear it's a bit better!
I wish I could play the theremin.
Thanks. In Paris right now. Going to Brittany tomorrow :)
RT : Appreciating media who wait to confirm things today.
"What a shame that bitter irony has no nutritional value." - a bumper sticker my mom saw
Top of the Morning to you, smoke somethin tho
Growing up, I had the same answering machine as Diane Court.
Looking forward to sharing my new Electric Six video with you shot here in Portland
Not surprised will be at both. I see that guy everywehre.
How is everyone on this awesome saturday? Good I hope:)
Did you know that every 60 seconds 695,000 #status updates, 79,364 wall posts and 510,040 comments are published on #Facebook?
House is open! Who else is here for #mystere?
&& yu guys wonder why girls do yu dirty! Wtf!
What's worse the officiating or chris webber?
RT I #justread LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN by Colum McCann. it blew me away. now on to GREAT HOUSE by Nicole Krauss
#HouseParty #Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills! Ladies *FREE* all night!
hiya!! :) im just chilling!! Just got home from school about 20 minutes ago. Hbu
Note to a certain Governor in the presidential primary-profile pics of you and a puppy does not make you any less of a d-bag.
been to the year 3000 not much has changed but they lived under water& your greatgreatgreat granddaughter is doing fine.
Hey y'all you should follow for great insight, updates and inspiring family news
I'm going to jump in and disagree, on the discovery front. Summon has improved our web presence significantly. #libchat Q1
About to start talks
Looking to connect 11th grade Advanced Spanish class with class in Spanish speaking country. Any suggestions?
Abercrombie & Fitch , I love there clothes, there high but i like it(:
Bases Loaded! Lets go Gordon!
u are too cute :D and tattooed heart sounded so good
HAPPY BIRTHDAY You are still such an inspiration to chase my dream! Larry's.
I'm delighted to find my city councilman on Twitter. And he's a librarian!
well you better get an A on it den lol
Hm should I wear shorts today
Amen....I lost a lot of respect for him...Even if you disagree with the pres....you still show respect. BAD CHOICE
Its been a while.
I am hosting the tonight from 7pm_11pm playing the best of, 2011. Also making an announcement,at 8pm. Tune in www.xpn2.org
Phone night for my hubby - just talked to a man who told me he votes how his wife tells him. Amen to that!
I want to text but I'm too lazy to go get my phone...
Go Detroit!
Brigham Young was married 55 times but Mitt Romney doesn't think gays should get married a first time
Sorry Henrietta, O.N.E. just set the bar too high for all other Yeasayer songs.
GUYS! IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING.. I GOT HACKED AGAIN. FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!
He died before I was born. His choice to end his life affected me. We never got to meet each other and I never had him in my life.
If you thought that shot of poor Prince William's bald spot TMZ
your cool too homie. :)
Pretzels are popular during Lent because they are made only of salt, flour, and water. The shape comes from arms crossed in prayer.
don't jinx us.. living in sin has been far better than marriage.. just no tax breaks, so I guess we'll get hitched soon ;)
Thanks for dropping off cupcakes to CBS Chicago!
GUESS WHAT?:D
Lyrical madness son. You better win!
volley back to
The scene where Dash is outrunning the henchmen's blades? Perhaps my favorite scene!
Here in Kentucky <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>derby city is a bit wet but not enough to take a chance on a great race or two<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Who are the artists that can pull us together? Jerry Patch
U can be #blessed by holy
Lunch special is a spicy lemon pepper chicken sandwich. Burgers tonight from 5pm-10pm for $2. Book your Easter reservation today
MT : TweetUp on #kids wins in the #ACA begins in 25 minutes! Come prepared with Qs for #HHS Dr. Askew. Use hashtag
I will. Deal. (': ": you better pick it up quick baby girl! We are Gunna go ham"
Just got done doing #Homework....now im wide awake needing somebody to text #SN: ytf do I like doing #Homework lol it gets me going!!!
Sweatbands are a breeding place for bacteria
yeah here in about an hour I am.. you?
Sorry about declining your friends request on #foursquare but I don't know you! For all I know u could be a stalker or a psycho!
On the bright side, I learned today there is an official way in iOS 5 to style a popover. I always hated the default popover look.
happy birthday!!
Someone should stab my stomach area. Probably would be less painful than these cramps. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Church was awesome! I'm feeling renewed & restored! I can't think of a better way to spend my birthday than hearing the word w/ my kids
location location location!
Jr is the son on Pastor Marvin Winans.
Same to you!
Every season requires adjusting to change..Every adjustment is Gods way of growing you so you will always provide a fruitful life!
Go out on a limb. That's where all the fruit is - Jimmy Carter
yea she told me you and jojo
shot out to everybody who decided to chill at the crib have a drink bloke a blunt and just get the bullshittin
Koreans cant drive for shit.
Happy Easter everyone! :3 Enjoy your mounds of candy ^-^
oh good! my DVR is set b/c my BF will make too much fun of me if I watch it. He's putting together furniture for me so I gave in
still no table draws ehh? :/
Good for you! If the real you isn't good enough. Then it's their problem and not yours.
so yo bi-polar ass going nw ???
Postal Service & Postal Roads are in the Constitution, but it doesn't specify where/when of mail delivery, so there is leeway here
Pabst meeting in Charlotte with and = no beer drinking until at least noon :(
I Earned Ma Strips Nigga! Sun Up Ta Sun Down
In Carmel/Monterey Bay for the next week. Have a favorite tea spot I need to checkout?
"get in the car, shut up, and hold on to the seatbelt for your life. I'm driving." wise words from my best friend..
! What are all of 1D's official twitters?! xD
will drop an email with details
Excuse me miss, but sexy can I?
stretch vs. shady
Shred it, yo! (do I sound legit?) Have fun!
The stress of the hurt leaves you RT : How do you know when you have achieved #forgiveness?
I love Jesus <3 im sorry if you don't.
Whoa small social world- i see simon's () tweet and Jessica () is in it. Crossfit meets highschool!
hey we were up n I didn't wanna hear that and he didn't too haha so were like uhh were gone 30min later we were back there done
Who is Stanley Tucci for the
RT : Asheville & Hendersonville Deals & Info on Ur Android or iPhone. Download free App!
that's cool, mines November 6 :)
Finished 's QUIET. Required reading, especially for introverts, teachers, and parents.
s/o to that athletic chick
Too much of nothing is just as though.
“: S/O to my 400th follower ! :D Thanks (: ” ur welcome!
old enough to FREE MYSELF FROM THE OPINION OF OTHERS :D...cheers
sounds like fun
Woodruff gives me bad vibrations.
also, if you're interested in the annual mission in general, check out CHPAA's website: chpaa.org
Happy mama's day to Mama Maslow to!
People keep saying the spurs are old...are they watching the same game I am?
could i get a shoutout?
Im gonna write to the and share my story ... young fashion designer on the rise :)
Thanks Jordan, your tweets are bite-sized brilliance and it's gonna be great to have you on the show Wednesday!
I'll eat the laser tacos anyway. A little hot sauce will cover the spoiled flavor.
Wow it'a been 35 years since Roots?
As the 1st generation w/ social media. Wonder what we will post when we r 80/90 yrs old? Walgreens is taking forever! Just Checked n 2 Bingo
Still time. :) There were several in my group who did it after retirement. Oldest in my group was mid-70s.
Thank you Jim!! It's great to hear from you!
If Courtney uses her little girl voice this episode someone is going to get maimed.
M-Town BANG.
“There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle." Albert Einstein
need more followers tell ur friends 2 follow me thx
good stuff...small businesses need to be aware of what/how to help themselves online!
Super Bowl = Gross
i'm glad i'm not alone!!
The NFL's Miami Dolphins are delivering a free daily mobile video experience to engage the team's community of "Finatics.
that's good dude! :)
The only true measure of success is ur happiness
RT : A virtual assistant can maintain your calendar for you.
now i know how to use this thing thanks dru
She say its so.good more then worth waitin I say if its that good then baby we might as well get naked!
We have 60 salons in the Charlotte area. 20 in Charlotte itself. Would be more than happy to recommend a location.
Hey FOX, how do you like them
i dont have a phone but we can talk here if u want
don't worry, that was me..Mike and edited by chief of staff: Chris
You know who was a totally underrated boy band back in the 90s? Soul Decision! You know who cares? Me neither...
lol naw im good bro hit me when u get back in
#confession I love the water.. I started swimming when I was two years old.
I love being FOR THE PEOPLE .. Everyone should be, right and
it's hard to see how facebook is worth much of anything. remember how fast the bottom dropped out of myspace?
just because I don't talk to you like I used to doesn't mean I dont care about you...
New best fweinds? :O
Perfect. RT : I recently worked with Kermit. Behind his back, I was referring to him as a “Goldman Sachs employee.”
I hate it when you're peeing and the power goes out...
Fun opinion poll! Which is the best #Transformers #Voltron or
Venice is the most magical city in the world
ARIANATORS! Has Ariana planned her live chat??
it's really hard when your boyfriend gets mad at you with everything you say, everything you do everyday. and makes it a big deal
Something doesn't seam right. He's saying stuff and you're saying something else. What the fuck.
Well it Thursday nite & you know what time it is, yup Acoustic Thursday, where music meets good food and good friends & it's MAGIC...
haha why am i so weird
USA Today readers shall inherit the earth
plus the bible also says to exile women when they're menstruating. The picking and choosing of what to ignore...
Got part in #TheTomb..Sly/Arnold flick..never have worked with Sly..very excited..films in 1 of my fav. cities
yes, we love TangoTab and NYC!
Alright, Twitter. Round 3. FIGHT! (This is my 3rd go at this. Hopefully I can stick with it this time).
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
Man vs Food at Ye Ole StHs! That and national signing=homesick. 3rd Saturday in October can't get here fast enough.
#betterma Is there too much control because of a long serving mayor that will not let go of power and drive more innovation?
stay focus
Up All Night from 11pm.-2am tonight! Food, activities, and prizes of all sorts! Siblings over age 12 are welcome. $5 to benefit St. Jude's.
nice story! nice cupcakes! Right down the street!
Coming from a true queen !! I'm always honored to see you at any show that I'm on! I love you girl.
RT : #1: I'd rather be paid in Continental Air Miles than Citi stock.
The fortune telling kind if 8ball? -- "You are most definitely high right now."
APD is looking for a man who broke into a woman's bedroom through an unlocked window & sexually assaulted her. Details at 9.
You're killing me!! HA! Yogurt Shop was filming location for a young couple from Vegas! =D
Didn't think I'd survive this crazy work week. But I did. Someone upstairs must be looking out for me.
he goes on around midnight
Any plans this weekend Bros and Bras?
Got any more of those drugs? “: I left him drugged up w/Grandma.”
The Tile Oracle: Using marble tile in a bathroom
I'm glad you like it! :)
Some men just don't know how to take no as an answer
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
too late to enter?
What'd one ocean say to the other? Nothing, they just waved..SEA what I did there? Im SHORE you did BEACH..Yeah BUOY..WATER you laughing at?
me either >__<
thanks for your input!!
NBC needs a head check
oh the sound of sirens on fourth of july just makes me wonderr... -lauren
should follow 's and #MHbrain. They're live tweeting brain surgery rt now
what, what?! Lmfao we both don't know what's were talking bout:)
it was a movie sorry/:
“: OMG, OMG!!! I'M GOING TO THE TOM PETTY CONCERT!!! ”how long did he play? How long did Regina specter play?
sometimes my dad really pisses me off
Me n bj gettin pudgy in the club
Oh... not much.
A great #FlaPanthers season! And now Game 7! Thanks to #BelieveRed for making the NHL relevant again in this great hockey market!
SENNA is my fave kind of doc: I have zero interest in car racing (never even heard of Senna), but it was still totally fascinating.
We're looking for people who work/have worked for 38 Studios right here in Boston. You can stay anonymous, we just want to tell your story.
get his attention: walk around in a low cut shirt showing alot of clevage, he'll notice you all day...
I feel like I should say something positive so it's awesome that they have a Lazer Tag category.
Now that Aaron Rodgers has Discount Double Check-ed out, shouldn't Oreo revive its Double Stuf Racing League with Eli Manning?
It is Aemricas Finest NEws Source
lemme youtube it right now lol
Orioles will NOT be there come Sept-Aug.....
when is the swaggets comin out wit a song????
France!!!! Section 42 hope I win! Xoxo
Feels terrible!!!
A. US Turkish what?!
Tells us where and what you ate this weekend in 140 C. or less and we will post it on our blog! Send it in a direct message!!
Happy Friday everyone! What do you have planned for the weekend?
what kind of snack is a pastersnack?
Having a girlfriend that is a gamer is a miracle
Happy birthday, my dear!
It's got a bit of a seminar like quality ;)
ok deal!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
i didn't get lost numbers either. that's what led me to quit for now. can't spend 2+ hours frustratedly trying things
:O my dog's name was Gucci! aww i miss him now! lol
teblew it. thank god.
find a date for prom so i can know whether or not to start gettin shit for prom
Being early is on time. Being on time is late. Being late is unheard of... Such wise words and so applicable.
Hi Philippe. Today was errand day mainly + some online training in mobile tech. Chilling out now --planning week + month. Cheers.
you are a busy woman with kids, a music career, and running a boutique! You have a great sound.
CEO Crane: Detroit alone shouldn't lead EV mktg. 1 of the best opps for pwr cos, who must play leading role too. via
I have VERY VERY strong feelings about it!! What do we have to do??
John Hammond has a sad. :(
I'll pick up a nice sensible pump! (I know about your bunion problem....) :-)
My dreams are soo obscure......
T.money wasssup
It's friday<U+2764>
Excellent day in Chicago checking out some shops with Andrew from 10768
Vegan ice cream and #Skyrim - what a wonderfully nerdy afternoon.
Great advice for this college bound guy in the fall. See what Sunnie does, then do the opposite. Thanks!
“: now following” --- welcome to my world
Reminder: ECC Career Fair tmrw Dress to Impress,bring plenty of resumes. For more info, call ECC Student Dvlpmt Ctr at (973) 877-3350.
texas executed a dude 3 days ago & last words "go cowboys" no BS
no why! I don't wanna Chicago to get eliminated to =[
Not how I diagrammed up opening weekend in Cincy and Chicago.
EXACTLY. when he "ignores" my tweets i know he really doesnt. i know its hard for him to reply to all the tweets!
Gunna take a nap before I go to work :/
nobody would want to go with me.
3 auditions, and a groundlings show...now thats a Sat!
In hockey they're called goons...
Interesting that as Microsoft and Google are rolling out super minimal UIs, Apple is doubling down on skeuomorphism and rainbow colors.
can u tell to follow me please<U+E415> Im desperate
*Little Boy At The Doctors Office Screaming At the Fish Tank* MEENO! MEENO! #KidsLoveNemo <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>
“: Tell your new friends that no one knows you like I do”
I have been wondering what's been going on at The Shore all summer. Gonna find out soon! #GTL #Guidos&Guidettes
Just a note of correction to our last post that our lovely chorus member and mezzo soloist Lynn Torgove does not spell her name with an "e"!
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "September 1, still plenty of time to finish up the year strong"
I think I got a DM from u, but can't pull it up or reply. Just wanted to say thanks! Go #Yankees!
good call on the lineup
Brew Dr. Kombucha is now available in Oregon City at Singer Hill Cafe!
I Had Dreams is #5 on US #Drama #Fiction, #683 for all books promoted free today on #Kindle. Thank you! Get yours now! www.traceyperger.com
was it the free at noon?
You know I'd rather walk alone than play a supporting role. If I can't get a starring role.
I detect a tad of sarcasm. You're learning from the master.
So did Tom Russell!
Jordan tweeted about a comment that i wrote on his video and agreed with me..... he totally proved my point.
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 13, 2012 Facebook co-founder gives up U.S. citizenship Eduardo Saverin, the billionaire co-founde
it eventually started working normally again. Dunno if it was you or us, truthfully.
It's happening.
on the block getting bent for my dawggg
I need a good #photography challenge. Any ideas? Anyone?
When grinding on U.S. sites, I'm surprised when I see 1) people from other countries or 2) genuine fish. Dunno how either of them got there!
you should have the Spurs game on.
explanation to come but yes.
Excited and nervous for charity canoe race tomorrow on the Mississippi!
Just discovered that 3 of 6 items in my latest collage are from I've never ordered there. Have you? Dish.
I love this view!! I want to come visit you just because of this photo...and I miss you! hehe xoxo
Is it weird that Im 16 and has never masterbated???? (X
#musesocial Developing an online game for people who will never visit physical site: worth it?
show us a picture!!
Rockin' my Moxie with and in Ft. Collins, CO!
at least procrastination for another hour or so. You have a lot to learn before you get to college.
yumm. Just had some tacos (:
Our frindships are about to be tested
“: WCW? How hard did Big Show hit his head? #RAWTonight”
“: I am super excited for my good friend His show Beyond Belief premieres Jan 24 @ 10pm EST on OWN. Please tune in!”
wuuut who has off ?? wahhh same .
": Didn't get a chance to give a goodbye kiss ??" i just couldnt take the sadness of leaving you
I should probably tweet things besides where I check in on FourSquare.
that's a good looking floor!
Just recorded tomorrow's It's 20 minutes long & jam packed with insights on how silos are killing the #highered user experience
Love sees with the Heart not the mind<3
I wanna see that so bad..inception
my check gone to rent and bills plus no1 comes 2 my house
hungry...big time hungry!
Two Oscar nominations for #ASeperation. Make films, not war with
Waverly is special to me because I am TB positive. I found them while researching TB. ":
He argued that the basic anxiety of [humanity] is anxiety about being-in-the-world, as well as anxiety of being-in-the-world
Watching the duck game on ESPN
Just bullshitted that whole paper...
a health care system controlled by private insurers cannot be sustained if it is to actually provide health care
I'll take the diamonds though.
you got it! Give me about 30 minutes!
worst part is you just know people are going to be semi rude getting off the plane, trying to make connections too. Good luck!
. as head of developer marketing, i'm assuming you approved this? in your own words, how does the video portray women?
if you in town come by retreat nightclub nyc tonight. 11pm-4am. no cover, no lines! 37 west 17th street between 5th & 6th aves.
Id love to give a s/o to these lovely ppl for there great music
RT: SHAKE THAT!!
Anyone looking for Thesis customization work? I am booked and have leads to share. Link me to your portfolio - could lead to more
have you never seen Hook? D:
people should be more pissed at Michael Bay for systematically ruining our childhoods!
Lights out at the gym I have nothing else to do but Poe Up! SMH
Aye Guys. Why Is It So Hard For Yall To Respect Ladies? Its Not That Hard, You Should Try It Sometime. Youd Be Surprised At How Easy It Is.
RT : Im with ya! 20 minutes till the show. RT : Whos coming to #jobhuntchat tonight?
It's funny and interesting and scary how you can marry your first cousin in North Carolina but same sex cant marry
"love her conversation but its late rite now I need to beat.".
Can one person in this world not be an asshole to me wtf
will be featuring 2 new properties this week. Elmwood Park and Lake Forest
I hate crazy people.
I would of had a case but I can't put it on one handed!
OH MY GOD, this could be the best day of both our lives
#arttoinspiration friends - It's been a super busy day, so I haven't been able to visit all of your posts, but I will soon :) #can'twait
more like its ass ass beyond ass
My TL is on point.
Thanks for the #ff. Hope you are good!
#np get down love this song!
she all i got!
RT : While Humanities are coming late to the postdoc they are not behind w/ surplus adjunct situation
something like that. i'm digging dude...alot. trying to play it off n be easy breezy though. you know how i do.
#Broncos plane has OFFICIALLY taken off....
Making the effort will make the difference
I tend to agree with Brandon re: vision/hope; people have to see themselves as empowered to not be ruled by food.
a lot of people are going to.het killed. Calicoe, surf, x factor, o red, Qp, and b magic. Blame smack.
Any #spacetweeps have a good video feed for #OV101 flyover?
Interested in a film grant?! Check out this link - www.fromtheheartproductions.com/howto.shtml
What's the best fast ride in six flags ???
Chris just disrespected the tweet,
I have my doggie all cuddled up with me so I'm not watching alone. I'm pretty sure I'll hold my pee until morning though. SCARY!
My goodness. At first I wondered if that was for real. Horrendous.
I will for sure. Thanks. Also watch for me in the Killer Hayseeds as well
Thank you for your kind thoughts and retweet!
TGIF! Only two weeks until KISSpdx and I can't wait!
Leaving town just as SXSW begins. But boy could I use that vacation.
Doo doo doo. Can't sleep. Is it bad I'm used to waking up at 3am like clockwork now? :/
Thanks. Never expected to find that family.
I believe everyone ought to get wealthy and famous and do everything they ever wanted so they can notice that it's not the reply.
#guilty RT : "94% of people have their phones within 3 feet of them 24 hours a day" (via )
Facebook is the cause of way too many problems
Everyone go check out new music video ! #ThanksForNothing ......kiss my ass
I've recently become rather obsessed with Stevie Wonder, good choice.
Yay! Excited to see you too!
describes the season
"I put my elbow in beer and I'm mad"
health benefits Pomegranate Miracle Fruit from Heave | Healthy ...
#ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: Question everything. Then do something if it doesn't pass the smell test.
I really really want to see One Direction but I'm so broke right now! :(
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I dont think niggaz know how hard I worked to get here. Bitch u wasnt wit me shooting in the gym!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi, I was wondering if you can help promote #Movember here in #Cleveland!
lorax vs. jersday...too hard to choose!
lol shut up
Anxiety attack beginning now won't be gone till Tuesday afternoon...chemistry is going to kill me I want to cry right now
What next? Sustainability, internationalization, professional journal management.
Your chances are running out to get into the Spring Fling Main Event! Earn your seat tonight @ 6p in our $125 Qualifier!
That awkward moment when you realize how much adult humor is in kids movies
hm.... Nikon D800..... time for a camera upgrade later this year?
Thanks for following us, Laura!
Fruit flies are the new mosquitoes.
Jets Defense/Special Teams was my best fantasy player this weekend... there's something that's just not right with that...
Big fight tonight for Bernard Hopkins, but no way it compares to that time he took down Muhammad Ali.
ok everyone go like my new profile picture because i'm awkward and dont have friends
It's like checking emails at work but just half the amount.
It's not that I'm mean. I just don't care to kiss no ass.
You have made an excellent point.
No more Fighting #thai ! accept #BlockB apology
Save The World Second Get Money First!
My top 3 : Jessica, Joshua, and Skylar yup in that order
Looking forward to surviving this day and seeing at tonight!!!
because it don't feel like it will lol
he's a fucking clown.
Well that was a RAPTUROUS weekend, now wasn't it?
15 second mobile video ads > 30 seconds ads, enough time to get unique selling proposition out there!
International Spy Museum's Spy in the City Game: mobile i.e.on the streets, group version coming to play w/ up to 40.
well, if we ever meet the first thin I'm gonna do is give you a hug.
Benjamin Sheffield we don't use poster giant because of their business practices. just an fyi.
Righht?! The greeting isn't hello it's just a dick pic lmao
I am absolutely LOVING the Dexter teasers Showtime is putting out.... S6 just might top S5 ;)
A: change in #RVA pride and large scale events can happen here
I feel like it's been forever since I've seen you!
Torn between Arizona State University and The University of Arizona...
Bike Week is over in Daytona Beach. Usually participate but could't this year because of studies. Hope to next year though!!
I Love Saturdays <3 (:
Stop down at 1501 W Center Street, or call 414-372-7666 for Delivery. Luch is just a short ride or phone call away. ashleysbarbque.webs.com
I encouraged a WD recently who has no foundation in study. She's starting from scratch after 8 years of practice.
thanks man! I'll shoot you a call!
When i taught u were the one
yeah man, let me know!
Hi Kira! We just sent you some information about our new free Chicago-based app, ! Please let me know if you have it!
any #runners ever use coconut water for electrolyte replacement? if so what brand do you like?
How are you?
I guess that's a long winded way of saying absolutely. Since math is absolute.
Praise the Lord, I'm at the end of my life and I need a word from you I just can't make it in the world
Will you marry me? ;) and follow me please?
On the tree wen it was an earthquake
u can automate your betting with this
I bet you fool a lot of other directioners , huh? :) - Blanka
Nice looking service! I want to do a search for anywhere outside of the USA. Possible?
You buy it, but promise to stow it away if it's cursed like mine!! LOL
Gunna call cause if I keep this shit locked away I'm going to go crazy.
nd sum slp what a day.
Before #GameChange, there was Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio-- worthwhile 05 movie w Julianne Moore and Woody Harrelson characters married.
me? Haha im partying alone atm and its soo boring. Gettin crunk is lame unless you're with people. Fo sho
#entarch < true but most business ppl think they are all the same
50 days, 8 hours until the World Cup!
The #props definately meritted... You both cut thru the shite and present it as it is. That's huge 4 all of us!
Was it a politician?
#1 is just straight up weird
I am pretty sure that closing of the #Community episode was done in case it was a series finale.
While you busy trying to fit in, im gonna stand out. And view my life through this lens and see how it pans out
Sad song plays on the radio.. Look out the window and pretend you're in a music video..
Pet Insurance for Dogs &amp; Cats with ASPCA Pet Health Insurance
Mitt Romney "can't remember" anything but we're supposed to trust him with a 3am phone call
- Hugh you Rock! Great actor, singer, dancer - love watching the joy you have when performing! :)
That's better than some!!! Did you do the polling thing?
great tweet ben, really top notche, keep up the good work bro! Proud of you...peace!
I like the way you touch me there && when you pull my hair
Iowa rolling. 35-24 about 3 minutes left in the half. Badgers committing a lot of turnovers.
TV reporters enter courtroom - Sharman Sachetti from Fox, Janet Wu here. Hillary Chabot and Katy Jordan from Herald also in courtroom.
Just thought I'd let this be known :)
What is White Elephant gift game?
From ~ and i wish all our military families a safe easter wknd both home & abroad. in our thoughts, prayers
Poe. Edgar Allan Poe.
NFC tags are awesome! Def the future
Slim Dunkin I do it.... On repeat Rip my niggas/free all my niggas
- That's just crazy! He should have gone to jail a long time ago!
loving my calendar for the next month. i will be in NY for just 50% of april. airport living.
a stat I need to know: other than Darren Clarke, who was the last smoker to win a golf major?<<Angel Cabrera, 2007 US Open
had a great time at the #halsteadannual meeting :) great food, drink and company can't be beat
RT : CRASH UPDATE: Kelly and Water, westbound traffic on Powell backed up to 39th, allow extra time
7am... yaaaawwwwnnn... and the day begins! :) Thanks man... I appreciate it though!!
I'll try! You too.
Kevin and I are in a twitter war. You best keep out.
Well that was sufficiently awkward....
happy birthday!!!!! Hope you have an awesome day!!(:(:(: <3
Trying to remember what I learned in my SPSS classes last year and failing miserably.
Why don't we ever see your kids?
And so it begins...jumping feet first down the rabbit hole...
Greatness is Contagious. You'll catch it if you stay in its Presence!
Birthday pedicure with ! Thanks roomie!
$1250, and no sign (as yet) of ass crack... I wonder if this is legit?
I wish I was there. Is that a green ecocuff on the right wrist?
oh yeah, that's a great song! Love Rancid!
So glad you are enjoying it!
cant wait to see it :)
celebrates #FollowALibrary day! Following all libraries, librarians, & info profs in the SF Bay Area region. Come join us!
finna go hoop
Yeah, I think I'll forgo it. At least until all this holiday business slows down.
It's only 3?
check ya later!!!!!
Headed for Tampa Wed for 1.5 weeks. Yale Forum (climatemediaforum.yale.edu) will post Tuesday -- Q&A w UCS Pres, EPA CO2 ruling press, more.
You should walk out to My life be like by Grits....
You could have probably googled him in less time than it took to tweet that lol
Jon, the last time was December 31st, 1960.
"it has to be possible in both moments"
No Lincoln audition for this guy, a 10 yr old girl can grow a beard better than me! So sad, thank you genes...
if you wanna say that in the comments it might help me win furniture. #prettyplease???
Ayyyy must be the money
and no invite smh when I get the wheels y'all niggas is walking to scoo in the snow lmao JK Jk
Thanks for the follow Bozz Man!
Saw The Beautiful Truth documentary last night. Another amazing one--a must see! Not sure I want to go to the dentist again.
Staff just reviewed its process for selecting qualified firms.
yeah, I do not like you
Spending this gorgeous day with amazing friends!
Every now & then, I experience a new kind of focus that brings it all together,makes me realize what I'm doing & why.#sense of purpose back.
oh, and i found out that when im drunk, im really honest. talking about boys and shit. it was intense,
I'm that interesting? ? Lol
you're a good person
Stressing out so bad that I'm breaking out xDDD haha
Anybody else workout at #lifetimefitness ??
RED! Always has been ;-)
I went to a Floyd's barbershop in LA. Should have had fix me up right!
On my way out to the subway I heard a band playing the Legend of Zelda theme outside Independence Hall. Definitely a pleasant suprise to me.
Congrats! Maybe I'll get there soon. (THNX for following!) RT : Woot! Hit 1,000 followers today! Thanks everyone! :D
Yesterday I got the lucky one for 50 CENTS. YES
This crowd makes this worthless “: Crowd taking over this debate a little bit. It's a different animal w/ no crowd in room.”
GO JORDAN! GIRL U R GOING TO MAKE MOM HAPPY! BUY UR FAMILY A NICE HOME, GET YOUR MAN JEFF!! HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE 4 U JORDAN! WELL DESERVED!
- Thanks Jerry! - Nick
I just figured out where the good basketball players are from high school, playing for ivy tech hahahaha
What type of style do you decorate with in your home, contemporary, modern, country, etc? We'd love to know!
In about 20 minutes I'll be giving away a Gift Certificate on 99.9FM V100!
The awkward moment when your blinds just move without nobody touching them.
Cool--small world!
Been gone for a min twitter! I'm back! Just got off work & I'm off 2morrow :)
Ask me questions on formspring an play me on draw something Formapring:Peyton112 Draw something : peyton hammock I think that's right
"OMG! You won't believe what this girl did!" That's socialcam to me.
“: yo what you guys listening to today? lol #leapyear”
We're at the South East Lake View Neighbors meeting and Walmart is here. There's a line of 40+ people with passionate questions.
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<3:(
Tampa Bay seems to be attracting top free agents, Miami Dolphins not so much! Who's to blame?
Stupid airfare prices...i just wanna be able to go meet adele next month, is that too much to ask?!
Alaina- are you always this dizzy?
Early bird.
I hold the wheel to let it go Don't wanna stop,don't wanna know If it gets you down,well just don't blame me
Is it really a countdown if you're the only one counting?
Enter 4 lunch through 6F doors.
Ironically, the end-of-life planning team is the first so far to mention an exit strategy.
Looks like we will move one step closer to a potential UofL-UK Final Four matchup.
<U+FFFD>I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can<U+FFFD>t accept not trying.<U+FFFD> <U+FFFD>Michael Jordan
lol, I read the first one just fine!
Back in the studio tonight to work on the new record. It's getting close to being finished. What!
I can scrub seeing Al Green from my bucket list.although the moments of magic were overshadowed by too much Vegas revue schtick for my taste
Got to get my computer back home
Neon nail polish, cupcakes, Rodeo Drive, and Nylon! RT: What's #AWESOME to you? Tweet back- let's get #AWESOME trending!!!
but wait, don't "good game" and "**** you" mean the same thing? ;)
Not unless you count his time at Oracle! LOL
Captain von Trapp!
#askalexconstancio Do you love your fans???(: And you should come to San Francisco this summer!!<33
Use your United Way of the Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Belle Vie MedSpa! All Caring Club members receive...
God only speaks 2 words about my past...."What Past?" Pastor
never jump to conclusions.
Ew. #foodpoisoning. Bright side? No eating = 3 pounds lost. has kept me alive.
Came home to a spotless apartment and a homemade 3-course dinner. Really benefiting from this whole spring break thing!
This quiz shouldn't take me very long. But I'm just... frozen in place. I'm almost as unmotivated as my kids.
Reed Wotiz (ReedWo) thanks for the follow.
that same day :-)
He didn't hurt her bad, he just shot her in the leg. YA, I'M SURE THAT DIDN'T HURT BAD!!!!
aww thanks! i feel so special. lol
Stephan Meadows of El Cajon Brewing Co. said his biz got 600 applicants and hired 60 people for their eatery, most from El Cajon & Santee!
RT : Love the site! My matches were pretty accurate!
If they had combined Wild Wild West and Jonah Hex into one Steampunk/Occult western mess, then a lot pain could've been avoided .
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need <3 SWS :)
Well my mother gave mhe my money late...and she knew that iwanted to go but owell im going next week
If you get #NESN, they're airing a #NegroLeaguesBaseballMuseum Tour on #MothersDay at noon. (cc: )
is a super beast!!!!
My dad just gave me $ for my starbucks. 5 mins w/ the rents and i'm 16 again!
she means the people that won america fav vote
#dexone brushing up on marketing and social media strategies.
I myself find humor (especially an episode of 30 Rock) or a quick workout (cardio) gets my mood back and mind clear again
What cocktail will you choose to wash down your Thanksgiving dinner?
I am the master, bow down
Oh, I think I love you!!
Bro come earlier brah im trying to see da #MARO whipapeel nigga all #RED joint
And has never disappointed me, so I'm sure it was probably just that particular associate who wasn't well-trained.
No Superman for this Halloween??
Both are cool but I think
my nig. what it do!
Unfinished sentences and words left to say.
so hot in this room -_-
Ah. Well good luck!
Pretty sure I've fractured at least one metatarsal. And the earliest I can get in to see an ortho is Feb. 28? What's the point?
Hey, does anyone have a favorite band/artist they'd like to share with me? :))
I miss you, come home to me already.
Damn we bout 2 have retweet party lets see how far this goes..lol
": "As long as you're green, you're growing. As soon as you're ripe, you start to rot."— Ray Kroc"
Hello all! our hosting service has been very bad with communication, we will be changing our hosting service this evening, sorry about delay
Today in my 9th grade classroom we discuss teen dating abuse and students were shocked to learn about red flags
I'd do just about anything right now, to get out of this traffic...
I'm not worried..[Breathes into paper bag] " All Bent Out of Shape"by William Broad magazine Been doing all poses mentioned.4years.
I feel you.
I love Pip! <3
Courage is the power 2 let go of the familiar!
Please check our website blogs for more information, character descriptions and the latest updates at www.simboya.com
a big thx to all our new followers! too many to list but we still love you
I'm goin' continental like breakfast.
no. Lol it was just the three of us. Taylor went to church with his girlfriend and her family.
Waitin on u lazy ass
thanks for the RT!
Life is but a dream...
don't forget to try to get to follow me!!!! I'll love you to death if he starts following me!
If you engage in crazy, you will end up becoming one of them. FYI
FAI underway, Memphis, tons of people, first showcase at 3:30 w MPress Records. Good morning!
They shouldn't all be gone! DM us your fave Zipcar home location and we'll see what we can do.
Someone boy kept pushing into my sister at the concert tonight and I turned around and yelled at the dude and he stopped. (was so pissed).
Heh. You are QUICK. :)
is still in her #mifflin shirt
what taking food from children, get your head out of your ass
My neck hurt
This San Diegan is now totally allergic to Skew-Ts! LOL. I think I just twitched reading your tweet!
I Think I'm Getting Sick. :c
Uniformed officers always get FREE coffee & cookies at Byrd! Thank you for your service!
#chicultural2012 3) Are there lessons learned from these instances? Clues to people, places, how to get things done.
If your not married your really single
Vh1 just got cool again,
It's sad to watch my former papers die. It's worse to see what it's doing to my former co-workers.
ABC shot an episode of new show "You Deserve It" in our dining room last night, benefiting a wounded warrior. Episode airing Thxgiving time.
WANDA, i will go on one.
RT “: Getting ready for Annual Student Presentation May 20! See what our talented students achieved this year! Details soon!
I'm giving up on everything bec I know u will never follow me ever ever ever and u will never tweet me.call me!812-679-1479
McQueary knows more. The only logical reason to keep him on board.
@ Alice in Wonderland.
So is John Nobody Cares About Lauringaitis fired or not?
the preview for Moonrise reminded me of you even before I knew it was shot in RI. Boats and the east coast and what not I guess.
Real love, loves first
: thanks for the RT, keep following!
that's good perspective! Hope we sweep the Cubs again this weekend--I'm going Sat & Sun and need to see my first MP win of 2012!
Hard to compare different eras. Comparing Davis with other Freshman he is best ever without a doubt.
:) That's GREAT! RT “: Im feeling today is one of those days for me :)))”
how do i watch said episode? i saw last season via netflix. please don't say
Wow. So he ends up getting a bigger deal from someone else and leaving Arky in a mess. What a jerk.
yep. but a large group was threatening to hack it. maybe it has started.
Sound like me RT : Nigga said all I gotta do is give him da word &amp; he gone murk dis nigga.. DAMN!
my girl does that shit all the time. Love it! <3
um...leg....cramping.... too, much, studying.
Jason Best of at thank you for the quote for my entrepreneur article. I really appreciate your help!
Killer Muay-thai workout with coach Joe Garcia! Gonna get me a knockout win come May 18th.
Sorry food duders, there will be no food dude tonight. Stay tuned for updated info! #GoRangers!
Great to hear that the talk had some effect. I was on the NP campus on Sat. Let me know if you ever want to trade teaching ideas.
"All the darkness of the world cannot extinguish the light of a small candle." St. Francis of Assis
Just heard back last night, after I sent that tweet. Thx!
I'm gonna buy colored gel. Blue, red, and green :3
From the Islam bibliography: Muslims' Place in the American Public Square by Zahid H. Bukari et al. , a project of Georgetown Univ.
Yes! Isn't that great!!
We had an extremely busy day today. Thank you for all the well wishes on the anniversary of our Senior Transitional Housing Program!
so odd that something of huge public benefit is viewed so suspiciously by individual orgs re:c ulture of licensing
Going to bed early , no goodnight texts, no falling asleep on the phone. Just me , myself, and I. The way it should be.
Ezra Masch is practicing right now! His full performance will be on October 12 at 8 pm - write it down!
I heard a rumor that POTUS was in town today. Can you confirm? :)
For some of the most unique art please have a look at
Mary J. Blige - I Can See In Color - 05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'll be rooting for your Knicks.
i didn't think I still loved you, now that you're gone.
your a real teenager I'm so proud of you.
okay, good night (:
Ah, the glamorous life of a game developer! Good luck with the beta launch today!
What's the difference? I am sure it is something subtle :-)
Man City is destroying West Brom
You know it! Are you going to Duke of Perth tonight?
Well, free crappy signal beats pay crappy signal, which is what I've got now. Pay strong signal would be preferable, tho.
About two-thirds of the $1 Trillion student loan debt is held by people under 30. Are you one of these people? I am.
and you have nothing better to do then call me out on sharin my opinion. this didnt involve you. Bye
the giants will dominate 2day!!
i love you..
Going to watch The Hunger Games... Alone
how long can i lease for 11 until i pay for the rest of it right ?
ahh SAT the good ole days
NO!!! SIOBHAN MAGNUS SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN VOTED OFF!!!
Michelle Trachtenberg in "Take Me Home Tonight" could do things to me that'd make me cry in the corner like a lil girl. And I'd let her.
Chiana:After our talk, I have to agree- tweeting is a much better way of "marking my territory".
#Tbh i wish.i could put u in.my pocket. U could be my lucky charm ;)
Perfect day.
They actually printed something I wrote as a comment?!
its not just about sex tho I dnt need sex if it get that bad I can get myself lol or a toy
You out of control( hahahhaha)
you heard wrong chief
I thought that gingerbread supported PersoArabic charactor's display. EVO 4g's new update doesn't! Why?
Strawberry & Banana Milk & Powdered Doughnuts, Bomb(:
that don't surprise me and what u doing friday
This is modern airline travel a la Delta: check yourself in, pay to check a bag, and wait one hour in baggage line.
MACO after party bust. Where are the artists?
We do our instruction face-to-face, thus far. We are considering Elluminate, though!
:p Eewww..... RT Ceebeelah: Love is like a fart, if you have to force it; it's prolly shit.
Fascinating planet we live on.
So's mine haven't been on in months RT Dear people who follow me on : My life is boring.
I put that on everything
I wanna be up there with the stars so bad. :)
Sent out an email to the office, ten mins later get a phone call saying I gotta close it up, HR called one of our higher ups
Thanks for sharing!
#CyberMonday! One of the best holidays of the year... :)
i sent it out bro lets hope for the best
I wanted to ask for a picture so bad today on set, however I didn't want to come off like a crazy fan. Hope you remember me!
: Earn a Lowe’s gift card with #plantatweet while supplies last. #PlantWaterShareIt! planted.it No purchase necessary.
So scared for the rest of the week
Shouldn't my bluetooth mouse work when it is like 2 feet from my laptop? Keeps lagging. Weird.
Please send to hello at magentalabs dot org.
Great link, Ray. Brewer baked her brain if she ever had one...
Had to get the sides of my teeth sanded down a lil to make room for them to move...eek
Got my STD results in today! CLEAN~!! Practice Safe Sex and get tested regularly!
OMG yes!
haha goin crazy their gonna kick me off watch. wait for sunday football bahaha
Working on convincing my wife to allow us to live the rest of our lives back in CO waking up to the flat irons. Let's see!
Hope u save some lost souls up there in New York, Tim Tebow, cuz brotha u ain't saving the Jets.
Should Nevada go for 2 after they score the inevitable TD...I say no. Play for OT with the home crowd.
I do it large like 3X
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music, I just hope they split us up by the music genre
Thank you and for yet another fabulous event - flip cup tournament was a blast today!
Homophobes: that's that shit I don't like.
For the people marching on Wall Street: A job is NOT a right. Capitalism DOES work and you Socialist Rhetoric is killing the movement
My thoughts exactly
Diggin' that lowdown, dirty Penn Station sound-system jazz funk.
Ultimate praise! “: One of my students said this about me today: "She is a book legend." It made me smile. . a lot. :-)
nah it was just a fun thing I left on that car.
Speaking of Mase...what about Cardan? what about Herb McGruff?
Alia best not be grounded on Friday. I might beat a nigga.
I beg to differ, SOME KINDS OF SUGAR are poisonRT : Sugar is poison.
Im picking up a ton of #men's #clothing on Monday....Im very excited Mia Every item I sell is hand picked by me!
Can I just say I love your Volkswagen Bus. This #Vodka knows how to have a good time! #Samba bus??
good feedback on the article so far...but FYI, we will never sell ANY alcohol. working on possibility of BYOB-or maybe BYO Keg!
i wanna puppeteer miss piggy.
First hour of free WiFi ran out, now back
Wow. Feeling lucky to have the opportunity to work with so many incredible people
First caffeinated beverage in a month
Saturday - sleep in late. Not happening this sat. may next sat.
not true
Freakin love it! What yeast strain?
I've nearly forgotten what it's like to have the back in the playoffs...but I like it!!!
physical therapy it's str8 Still in tech school tho
all day everyday gettin it in every way
Got a sol test 2morrow, lord smgdh
My grandma is yelling at me to redo an english assignment, I have an 80 in that class.
Win #NationalPublicGardensDay contest prize w/photo of Tudor Place we'll give you a free membership. Bring your camera free tomorrow!
Happy mother's day! Young and old have a nice one!
Sure thing! :)
oh cool did ya get it done yet?
sounds awesome. Shareable or are u just bragging. :)
By the way, a genius, or too on-the-nose, double feature would be a paring of THE BROTHERS BLOOM and THE DARJEELING LIMITED.
I Fucking Miss Y'all Though. <3
Just tweet me if you want a follow :)
you better follow back bitch ;)
At Diamonds South. Cash flow
hey ABQ! it's less than two weeks away from our show? got tickets? need 'em? check www.rocktheink.net for details
Oh shit, I meant to turn off my email from getting notified each time somebody tweets me!!!
Q7 I cut. Ripping fabrics scares me.
YAY! You're like an engineer and stuff! :)
Tueday Tips, GO! Come and get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 liter of Soda for $13.99. Call 414-372-7666 for Delivery or Carryout
I gotta whole lot of music to make...this is life!
Packers' safety Nick Collins finished for the season
70% of internet traffic is video. 90% by 2013. ~B. Fallon quoting Cisco.
It's pretty sad how often I have to ask 'Does this person still work here?' before sending an email.
Ten bucks says Madonna presents the next award with an Iranian accent
"Just ask the for a ride!"-Me. B:"I would but the based god doesn't come this way!"
- Do you have any suggestions for people looking at out of country medical procedures? Medical Tourism destinations you might suggest?
gets a mention on
i think percussion finals got everybody sick. i dont know of anybody that was there that isnt sick.. but totally worth it!!!
RT : Kenseth is feeling very refreshed and #Zest fully clean in P5. Look at those colors on top of the TV screen!
"Let Laramee take care of me until they bury me." Best country lyric on a very non-country song today. lmao omg. Made my whole day!
Seek to establish YourSelf then Seek to Establish Others ~ Karen Armstrong
No other guy makes me as happy as , seriously..
overheard at work - i dont know the difference between a smart phone & a razor. sadness cause my company has several apps
What does it mean that every time I try to write 'rehearsal' predictive text changes it to 'rehab'?
shot out to my homie about to put it down at Ol Miss this year Jk the profit is returning
you can't stop the waves, but you can always learn to surf.
Lets talk about putting condoms on
i'm in us history-.-
...almost got hit by a truck on my way to lunch. I have decided to only use crosswalks now and breathe coffee all day.
I'm also against the NDAA, HR347, and govt reading emails or tracking cell location without a warrant.
yeah my big issue is the lumps these shots leave for days and the red marks and they itch like mosquito bites for days.
Watching on espn2, what a class act :)
and what did we learn from this?
Can't wait to sing my new original song this weekend!
Anyone else? Dhalgren tonight?
tonight the Holland Dobbins Little Big Band presents their #jazz #christmas program. Starting at 8:00 at Tala Vera Cantina
Just In Time For Autism Awareness Month: The Children?s SPOT is Offering Integrated Speech, Occupational and ABA/BCBA Autism Therapy Se...
Playing upstairs at the Blue Nile tonight, 10:30-1! Free to get in, come get funky with us!
Harry potter was definitely the beat ride ever
whatever happened to having good manners :)
"Injustice anywhere, is a threat to justice everywhere."- Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience. John Locke
will do!
Just seen #avengers wit Shit was dope
Hanging out w/ Thank you for providing Awesome transportation to downtown
I get all my protein from avocado
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 44
whats going on
So sorry for your family's loss.
change is always bad!!!
thanks 4 shout out im following u follow back ;)
Way ahead of ya!
Have you visited my website, lately? Thanks!
Hilarious! Here's hoping he doesn't keep that promise of not letting it happen again.
Fridays are my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Just saw Actor in Paris movie theater. The movie is phenomenal.
I don't let a dude smash on an important night and I get ignored, sucks to be the chill laid back pot head girl cool with everyone... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Teaching indoor cycling at Delta Fitness at 6:00 am Thursday morning. Y'all come!
you can touch a lot of people here, my dear! xox
Why would the Steelers just let Mike Wallace go so easy! They better do what the can to keep him!
I don't hate you!
my dreams make no sense
D'oh! Didn't realize. But I should've. As the Census Bureau knows, I got three Latinas living in my house! cc
Reason to connect with recruiters varies...do you need to ask ? before you apply to decide if job is right for you?
ass so fat i need a
Going back home to the land of the Sandy Beaches, Palm Trees, Blue Ocean, Sunshine, & Happiness... FLORIDA!
Yeah, well, I guess we should be glad it's not South Carolina or Florida.
Don't spoil what you have by desiring what you don't have. Remember, what you have now was once just something you hoped for.
After some great rain in LA comes breathable air...take a deep breath ppl won't last long
"All of a sudden, everything had to suck." Best meeting quote of the week.
The new BC album is too same sounding for me, I think. Not much variation between songs. I'll probably grow to love it tho
I hate watching #Republicans and most importantly #Boehner...embrace reality and let's get on with making our kids life better
I may be a turtle, but I finish the race.
haha, yes. I'd be the same way. Hope it doesn't happen to anyone else.
trust me nigga, I DO lol
andrea I have for you already voted 10 times my friends with me now and you can click on follow me please please please
is swinging tonight w/ Orquesta De Kache. Come get your salsa on! Bout to take the stage for our second set.
Annie: The crazytown in your hair will go away as soon as I finish brushing it.
AbeBooks totally replied to my tweet
Sure not 2 make her seem "elitist?" RT : Scott Brown on why he calls Warren Professor: "she's a professor, she's earned the title"
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
Very excited for our 5% day for tomorrow! 5% of the days sales from Pearl and Fremont will go this emergency pet food bank.
*wanted* Senior technical artist (europe) - A developer - for more info contact .uk
on the verge of homicide atm. I'd've been better off in class with that girl lol
SW Exclusive w/
i said i didnt want to go to school my mom says learn something for once
Check the LifeStyle
oh hey bro. *handshake*
You have excellent vocals. Me gusta.
i tweet hard
Today starts with remote support of clients in Denver, Newark, Dallas, and Atlanta.
wow your inbound marketing presentation was awesome.
no they were romney thugs.
Aight! I'm about to call it a night, but I've got an idea or 2. Basically I can share my own sticking points. Hit u in the am!
Getting pumped up and ready to Launch or new series of Retrain , Rebuild & Renew classes! What would YOu like to see? Suggestions?
If ain't shit changed by midnight I'm done crying I'll just have to admit it it's true
can not wait to get out of this hell you call school. FLORIDA HERE I COME. <3
80 I bet you need a map just to get around :-)
ill see when I can:)
ha ha nah, just a normal day here lol we laughed
Morning service #Nice!!
will attempt to get back on twitter
. Thanks for the retweet!
so proud of you!
If Bobby Petrino were caught with Castro as his motorcycle passenger, would he have to apologize?
AH you're right!!! (hangs head in shame)
Take a look at the Boilerplate theme?
in Havertown. I'm ready for spring!
"WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY- oh..there it is."
Seeing my best friend today whom I haven't seen in over a year! So excited!!
i love you and paul. honestly the cutest couple, so precious
Our generation rocks. :-/
Are they opening? Neat! Love them.
...on the bright side: clearing out a lot of my backlog on retouching! Ready for a productive shoot tomorrow! :-)
this is adorable
Hey thanks for following me!<U+062A> I followed back!
Thats gotta hurt.
i love nitro circus
Am I the only one who doesn't have a famous follower? .-.
Nasty traffic on the 805 north, if you're trying to get the 15...beware!!
u know where's dicks sporting goods in cary is?
Would LOVE to not be working right now and instead be in the SD sunshine! But, hey, I'm grateful I have a job..so thank You, Lord!
Feel like such an ass. It was 65 out today so didnt wear a jacket out. Now sittin in my car outside locked out bc keys were in my jacket :(
30's are AMAZING years (though I'm only 31 this year lol). Happy Birthday! You're amazing <3
im not fucking perfect, i make mistakes too. #ihatepeople !
#InstantTurnOn guys who KNOW about cars!! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Way to go James! I always knew you were a terrific Dad! I'm sure he thinks so too! Have fun. :)
S/O to for being the 300th follower check out his reverbnation page and download his music!
Fascinating seminar with the American Brass Quintet this morning - incredible commitment to contemporary music over a fifty year span.
Anger Sharks.
it's a suitable occupation for you! Only if you wear the plaid though.
If this is what its going to be. . . . i dont think Im game.
Thx for following! Be sure to check out for all of your #mktg, #adv, #pr and #graphicdesign needs.
Let's get it
crafting with human nuggets at the co-op today. wish me luck.
The Rolling Stones, the Beatles, U2, Nirvana, Motley, Van Halen, Radiohead, Dream Theater, Led Zeppelin, The 77s
what up bra i talked tomike bigga and i got a photo at 559 holla back
One more follower and I promise I'll go study....
fuck bitches get money (:
i've been tryin to get to follow me.....but he hasn't noticed me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Leaving my dads house heading home saw 4 deer outside just starring at me
Is the Wichita area having Internet cable problems??? No announcement on phone or website!
I finally got one like 2 weeks ago. Best thing I've ever spent my money on(: hana
i'v never cried this much before :'(
Movie Monday: Did you see a great movie this weekend? We'd love to hear about it. Share with use here:)
I'm a throw it at ya, can you catch it!!?
ooh exciting! No decisions yet on that!
Thanks for the warning!
Well done, Manchester City! Great finish!
Always weird to listen to Paradise by the Dashboard Light when the sun is out.
Pedicure time!
#BecauseOfFacebook I know everyones problems and where they are
Awesome show today w/Robert Kaplan! To sum it up, revolve your world around your customer & more customers will revolve around you
Love You!
This is stupid weather. Rain. Hail. Enough.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Everyday is a get your money up day
Happiness is getting to spend time with my kids....and them being happy about it!
As YOU do, Elizabeth! :) I love your Spanish version of "Skyscraper." In fact, I think I'll tweet it! ;)
We're looking forward to ushering in the first of the 136 new clean diesel buses with tomorrow. 55 will arrive in 2012!
Awesome. No humility required!
lol ok I was like spit it out Aubrey lol
haha no not at all he makin me mad cuz I love OKC and he jacking lol
you and me both! I think we got jailed at the same time!
Alright #Aztecs, let's show these #ACC haters what's up!
yea definitely. When do you want to make the song?
right back atchu buddy :)
has discovered Sima Rabinowitz's review of ALPHABET OF THE WORLD, the new book of translations. Comprehensive and timely, for sure:
Being around my soccer team has become like 2nd nature
Finding true love is hard so when youdo find it ... Dont give up on it. Love aint perfect. You not either. So deal with the negative things
don't get me started on this :)
Yeah! His team blew a 22 pt lead to my #DukeBlueDevils Made up for it next yr by winnin title
S/O to all new followers. You are appreciated :) Spread the word. Prodigy Groupe is now accepting new clients. Email for consultation.
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico! Fun! But, we are building a new school here as well! Leave it better than when we came!
Excited for worship this AM @ #TPC. After an INCREDIBLE week in Haiti I LOVE being at my home church!
I get that. I'm pretty entertaining.
Program Team meeting. In need of a serious coffee run!
next time let's get crazy and watch a talkie!
Alison Hinds, Red Hot Flames, Iwer George, Benjai, Talpree, Skinny Fabulous & much more.....keep it locked.
Here at my throne. :)
how would it be in their interest to talk to JCK? Their customers don't read it. I'll have drinks though :)
same same same. I wish your schedule wasn't so crazy so I could come visit or you could come down here!
you know you've been in europe too long when people outside are speaking english and you don't understand it.
“: thanks for the follow :)”That's supercool that a tv reporter writes back for following.Impressed
goodnight twitter world KENNY FUCKEN POWERS IS ON NEW VIDEO WILL BE UP TOMOROW
Now is the time to get in the best shape of your life! It is almost summer time! If not now, when? msg me for details
#BieberOnTheVoice He is amazing and very blessed in the looks department(;
No really, I am ok. Nothing specifically is bothering me. Onions just make me really, really sad.
Glad you came out last night! You'll be here for Halloween, right? ; )
Yes !! To another day of life !! Yes to a bless life :) morning dudes
yo dude! What's going on??
I didn't know the NFL also had a "Big Baby" Davis?? Nice tears Vernon! Go 9ers!
why? what happened to u?????
Ready for Community Manager Appreciation Day on Jan 24, 2012? Thank ur #CMAD in blog posts, tweets, cupcakes, beer, or #BaconHugs :)
prayers coming your dad's way.
Standing outside a stadium in a circle with coworkers who are talking about drinking.
are you in vero?!
thanks for hanging out at the chicken
Ooh, found a Kansas City brewed beer in my fridge. Perfect for the MU-KU game.
what who is Nate????
Bloomberg NOT GUILTY......smh. Why so surprised?
u ok
hi whats up
I'm looking for an option that won't involve you at all.
it's like im making it obvious and he just can't see it...
Thanks for coming out last night! Got mad people saying good things about the sit in!
inbox me
Going to try for a blog posty thing on the end of the semester and meeting Charlaine Harris before heading home for the vacation.
Nobody ever made me feel this way I must stick with you
We stopped in briefly...it looks like you had a full house. Nice job!
now i am heading to cedar point to go have fun
I would kill for an icee right now!
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself. - Thomas Browne
File complaint in space provided: There's an empty patch Where my gold star ought a be - Metaphorically
that's really weird, not sure what's going on there. Thanks though, I'll check it out.
Hope you enjoy your cookies.
getting ready for wedding rehearsal in sl
Bertucci's photo shoot this Friday! Shooting "The Other Woman" with the talented Paul S. next weekend!
shoot!! See how Mike miller walks now???? That's be Kobe in year 22 aka yr 20!
Hey Orlando Rep supporters LA Acting Workshop is offering acting + voice workshops in Central Florida --become our FB fan and find out more!
My heart goes out to Kiesha
Yep, thanks We feel so violated ...
every chance I get to see him, it always gets ruined... :/
RT : Look over your shoulder and tell your past: It's over with!
I'm just tryna pee..
Once again... Kobe!!
ha ha. I recently thought the same thing!
More Bielema mental errors in big games...see a pattern here??
Didn't get this far being stupid
well its like saying its not the normal game of checkers, its super bloody
Photo shoot time! So excited for this senior shoot!
awhhhh! Call me in a while.
.... TWEETING! and thinking of some great deals to offer my followers
Vault is poppin is killing it! Lol
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
Thanks brotha man!
I'm as cool as a penguin ;)
saw u today.....(i looked like a big sheet)
nothing was on the counter 10 years ago! That's the sad thing. OK maybe some Drakkar cologne, but that's IT! hahaha
I've decided I'm going to keep wearing my #naturalhair in 1 style... until I master the style and technique... Up first the twist out.
Day got a little bad, but then replied :)
Thanks for the Shoutout!
Thank you thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>..I know that's what I meant RT : lol nah its cause you had mad stain
Holy crap! Another time-sucking app--and I only have a 34! Low status now quantified! I gave +K about Comedy on
RIP Irvin Kershner. Empire Strikes Back is still the best of all the #StarWars films.
Oh my gosh! Can I have some? Haha! I love salmon!! :) I had a grilled chicken salad.
missed ya last night!
Niall from one direction is not ugly he is PERFECT !!!!!the way he is <3. If you think otherwise keep it to yourself :D
so all time NBA history milestone for KG but he is not granted as a winner on todays fix, good to know your standars...
YouTube has a new homepage. We like it. How do you like it?
I keep forgetting about twitter... Weird since everyone and their mom is using this thing..
I'm too good at this rap shit
as long as you go for the spurs!
"How do you enquire about Sabine's beshatted wall? Try re-ordering the sentence for emphasis."
I believe that there are two kinds of people in this world: those who pay attention to the 140 character limitation on twitter and those who
Ain't no shame in that
lol. I don't know anything.
Cuts off his beard RT : I'll be giving the last 2 copies of #MLB12TheShow! RT & answer: What does the man in the wheelchair do?
Great combo night. Everyone played really well. Feels good to play jazz!
LOL! “: Eddy: Have you eaten something? Patsy: No. Not since 1973. #AbFab”
Solar flares!
How do I get these fake tweets to stop
is austin in love?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
i gave up one weeks deed!!!
Where should I watch the mayweather fight tomorrow in NYC?
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Glad they got it right.“: Fan backlash wins out 4 Danny O'Brien.Edsall admits mistake, can now focus efforts on making Terps better
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show. The more you deny your feelings, the more they grow.
Who has asked more questions at the gambling panel: moderator or ESPN's ?
We <U+2764> #WI. Love from
I knew Tupac was alive. Now where Biggie at!? But for real i want to create a hologram of people now.
I Want Bottles In The Crib Just To Have. Never know When You'll Come Home From & Hard Day On The Job
7 months from today I'll be 19 , am I really happy with what I accomplished so far? More improvement is needed
3 out of 3 in my bracket so far.
I was definitely meant to be born in America.
the Tweetup is a gathering of SI twitter followers. We are going to tour the storage facilities & discuss SI social media.
Many thanks to round two of practice tweeters it up!
So many shows coming up! Get stoked!
lol wut. I didn't make a hate account against you
just being put down for being a guy who likes ariana
What would be the most horrifying sight for a #tree? I'm guessing the inside of a
Starships are meant to fly.
I have to take Miles to the Vet, he won't stop throwing up. :(
Drake is such a handsome guy! The word "cute" does not fit him.
Jaguar game :) good luck to all the players <3
Listing what you're willing to be dependent on the gov't for doesn't make you less dependent on the gov't.
Such a beautiful day I decided to walk the dog. :)
thank you Prem Group for the order for the casey building friday.. Everyone Have a Great day!!! Visit www.Gemcuisine.com
“: they were long but it went great, thanks! :)” when do we get to see them :)
Daylight saving time sunday.Trying going to bed 20 minutes early to avoid difficulties adjusting. Get up early on Monday - call 881-3449!
aww miss you too!!! Hopefully we get to see you soon :)
I follow back! Follow me like Dorothy followed the yellow brick road!
My wish has come true on 11:11 </3 wish wasted on i hate that kid now!!
HPT uses instructional technologies to improve the performance of individuals, staying closely aligned with organizational goals.
Thank you Cheeze! ~ I can't wait to be with the dakilang nanays soon!
Just tapped #Rahr Whiskey Warmer and #Ommegang 3 Philosophers!!!
and if he doesn't like your question he will rip your head off and feed it to the reporter who asks the next bad question
great, I'll type up the questions over the weekend - just respond when you can. Send me a DM with ur emaill addy (no sharing)
i told my family the tuhin-carrying-german-girl's-entire-life-in-a-suitcase-over-his-head-in-barcelona story tonight
Took the mirror above my bed down. I didnt wanna chance it getting knocked down by the thunder.
You didn't tell me I got a cool video of my X3 being built in SC! Awesome and going on the blog. :-) cc
that is to funny man! Love it!
The Elon Jazz Ensemble will b playing 2day @ Grove. Free show, doors open at 6pm. Bring a chair. We'll, of course, have food & wine 4 sale.
GMEN ALL DAY BRAH...LETS GO IN!!!!
haha true that
poor Angie. Go Cardinals?
okay girly! Hopefully Rose will have some good parties coming up then we can go.! haha. (:
So need a night out!! Who wants to go??
Hahahah, well you my friend are very wrong.. He's not distracting hes just got his hotdog out waiting.
I hit u back yesterday, but fasho, I ll hit you lata 2day and we can schedule a meet
can i get a shoutout?
SISTER WIVES is on..
It's kite weather in Chicago - a little windy, a little chilly, a little sunny.
definitely #winestorming tonight There may not even be a glass involved...
I'm looking forward to it already!
need some mojo
ONE DIRECTION BETTER COME SOMEWHERE IN WASHINGTON! I don't care the time, place, or cost...IM GONNA GO.
Good time to give into peer pressure. Earth Hour tonight: RT 830pm I'll turn off all my lights to conserve energy. Will you?
Thanks but um... yeah. Look at how I have things playing out from here and... you'll know why I need some miracles to happen.
Goodnight Twitter fam.
Let's do lunch soon! Are you near Union Station at all?
Wrath of the Crows ninja!!!!!!
Oh wait am I missing something going on tonite
Ahaha! I have found a way to have access to my friends withour using facebook on this mountain! thank you
Thanking God for this opportunity!
LOLOL “: “: Don't lose someone you love over your pride...” hacked you booski?”
I only know iron maiden from bill and teds excellent adventure. " put them in the iron maiden!" "Excellent" execute them "bogus"
give him credit for
I approve of any time when Monty Python can be used in academic discussions.
During this morning's commute, my husband told me he wants a "Kindle Nook Glow." I asked, "Which one?" He responded, "A Kindle Nook one."
Harriet - it would be ill-advised
I miss you :)
Ugh just realized tweet from scene in W. Baltimore shooting went to "drafts" earlier..
yes I did.. And I thought I was obsessed with him
thanks! How do you insert icons?
and go to school sleep and play and eat .....hahaha
well im not there. I watched it with my parents, but it was fun! :) Im loving having a winning season so far! Its more fun.
How many women are wearing boots at this party? It must be more than 50%.
I finally found u lolz
Too many fine women out today
Read my info wrong. Missed my flight check in by 2 min. $75 charge and 3 hour wait now
Looking for a job? don't know what you want to do? might be able to point you in the right direction
WILSON'S HOT TAMALES 15652 Euclid ave cleveland ,Ohio 216-249-2659PARTY AT RICHMOND&QUEENS SLICE BAR LOUNGE
time for record 2 bro!
This May Day, celebrate May Day by explaining to me what May Day is for
its wonderful
Well done to on today. And wall art rocks!!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Lower cost of living.
Thank you, It's been good so far.
Last day of MCAS ever
Batman: The Animated Series may hold up the best out of any past cartoon.
I am so sick of this moody la weather.
: #Food Factory. What is that!?! it sounds like a place i need to know.
The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat.
is that is disguise?
now following
You don't remember me? It's me Stephanie the massage therapist and I'm also Vee and dents cousin, I use 2 come over your house
What makes you beautiful - Boyce Avenue cover >>>>
Srry. Did I scare ya?
Next time I go to LA um getting my marijuana prescription
Best. Remanufactured. Transmissions.
LOL G LIFE
giants went after williams kid, saying they knew hed been concussed,went after vick after he got bell rung in ATL/broke his hand
ofcourse i'm going to the front door for you.. I'm going from Holland to Miami to see you! This summer!
you have a job? That's amazing!! :D
About to play at the autumn cafe, stop by!
Somehow blame for this loss will all be pinned on LeBron while Wade continues to skate by with no ramifications.
“: i cant be a hype-man. nothing authentic about all that self promotion
question - are you dudes going to the beach for memorial weekend?
Ahh the Earthbound sketchbooks are one of our favorites! Glad we could spoil you! Thanks for shopping with us!
thanks for the leads!
back to reality
Getting ready for the final round of The Players in between taking my Kompany shirt off and slipping into my new Schweinsteiger.
are you really?? Why
The significant problems we face cannot be solved with the same level of thinking we used to create them. (Einstein)
LOL! Thanks. Ain't nothin changed about me though, besides my facial hair :))
beautiful, beautiful redesign (but quick, fix this typo on the portfolio pages: "lauched" ) :)
he has a spaulding look going! 50 bucks he eats it
Awesome can't wait to officially meet you all and interview you !!!!! =D
I was honored to visit the Habs site and see me as the background. Then I realized it changes everytime you click
She lied :/ never got shit from her
follow me back please :)
love you too. id very much love a catch up as well!
You are appreciated!
Excited to check out some films at the International Film Festival this weekend! Let me know if you want to go!
Sleeping every class >>
"Brew at the Zoo" at with music acts, unlimited beer tastings? Hhmm, never been there but May 26th just got marked on my calendar.
Wow, half of the weekend is already missing. Bummer.
Criminal Mischief: - Clay Today Online
"Why do you linger over inessential melancholies?" (profound question for the day. Thanks, Calvino)
K #Celtics let's start playing
I'm listening to this you got an ear for talent... sheezzz
picked up some beats pro for the studio
Just remember this when we finish 38-44.
Oh, now that cracks me up, "A true 'Rogues' gallery!"
well you couldn't have the
#AJStream The US went into #Iraq with false "intelligence". The data is not theirs to keep. 1 step away from issuing patches to Iraqis.
Thinking about you! Are you halfway across the country yet? I can't wait to hear about your new job!
Can't wait to apply to this summer!
I miss y'all too! <3
One right and honest definition of business is mutual helpfulness. - William Feather
No problem! :) If you get any other kind of tea there is a brand named "yogi" and they have a tea called "Throat Comfort" it
#welcome to my newest followers...glad you're here
Kat, you always know how to give me a proper star fucking!
yeah watever, I didn't read the one last year or the year before so.. I'm just so not ready for school lol
Set up time for data mining. Don't assume that the answers you pull from your surveys will be obvious.
that is one of my faveee songs of all time. so good!
Same here :) I have aboard on pinterest where I collect what I want it to "feel" like. Now to just bring it all together :)
Im so happy did not ive been screamin randomly 4 a realy long tym cuz i was confused (tears of joy now!) :)
Blasting Jonas Brothers music cus I'm cool like that B) <U+263A>
You've got all these thoughts running through my head.
I could sleep all day
Are We Really That #brilliant?: Fix-a-Flat WARNING: Do not weld can to rim. (um..ok?)
How long until someone puts out Survivor: Recall or Big Brother: Recall?
Is your painter brushing you off? That's not how we roll! On time and on budget and with pride.
#txla is winding down. Great show!
You are very welcome. Thanks for a worthwhile post.
DTLA How many coffee sleeves have you seen today WITHOUT your brand message on them? We can solve that issue...
Oh, snap. RT : Q: "Are you going to the Gamification Summit?". Answer: "No, we're building an actual game instead."
We're here at the Meetup, looking forward to announcing our first meeting!
play bob & slim thug so high please ASAP
Thanks for the follow, Wyatt.
I get a kick out of how NASC*R fans are campaigning 4 sponsors 4 their drivers. They seem to work in packs. Cc
Brush my hair, i know you care.
Happy Admin Pro Day to all those who work diligently to keep their managers, supervisors, or companies running smoothly!
Verona's Tyler Reinecke, Waunakee's Zach Gaugert and Madison Memorial's Brad O'Louglin all finished at 113. Teeing off for playoff.
The fastweather APP on my phone says the storm will likely END in a few hours, followed by HOT weather.
Got my skyline fix. One of the best parts about coming home
Well, i suppose that's that.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Excited to see my babe in december and to spend the holidays in seattle with my fiances family :-)
The better question is, how do they let people know it's the real deal after telling them beforehand it's just a drill?
Missin you insane! :(
Gasp! Say it ain't so? LOL It boggles my mind when people think writing is the hard part of the job. It's the EASY part.
It's true, I'm not good enough. I don't really get the stuff they say on cnn. But i'll work, get so much smarter. I can be perfect for you.
The opening reception was attended by over 1700 peeps! Here are shots from the event: tinyurl.com/3qknv6m The exhibit continues thru 10/23.
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!.......
You seem lost, the argument is that the Romney incident is strange for America, the Obama incident is normal for Indonesia.
World Series Of Boxing Tonight! The Fillmore Hotel Miami, Beach 1700 Washington Ave. 7:30 PM ET CONTACT ME FOR MORE DETAILS
boring and good at the same time i havent went to school since friday and i was at the doctor for a long time :/
Depending on the situation, speaking on the use of the word might be life threatening, but you don't have to be smiling.
Awesome. Wheel just came off trailer I'm pulling. Stopped in middle of road now. 60-90 min for a wrecker...
BTW..u have a follower...yaaaayyy
but it increases the amount of people with health care and how does tht take away jobs??????
Up and In! RT HOW TO: Get Your #CRE Property Brochures "In The Cloud" and on your iPad for Vegas
hey lady! Working on it....how are you doing??
How is that not a balk?? Strangest thing I've ever seen a pitcher do from the stretch.
#NP Jaheim - Put That Women First >>
I have done it with wet n wavy which is the popular look, I work with milkway and black diamond the most
naw bro we fell asleep. that ITIS kicked in.
nah you wish;P
just received another 4 star rating from Charity Navigator! Good works, folks!
yes sir he is
That's awesome! Hahaha. For a second, I thought you were coming back to TN.
happy bday have a good one
Flashbacks are all I've got to look forward to.
Foggy day at the Capitol w/ Marie, , Liz, and Zach. Finishing up Oly tapes for
Eric's having nachos for breakfast...he's slowly turning into me. Muhahahaha
Eyes heavy.... Let's go to Chicago... Fuck it!!! It's still early lol
haha you love our old logo, don't you?! I don't think we will ever re-release anything from that shoot. Sorry dude!
Just left ACT im feeling a lil better than before but we'll how long dis lasts.
thank you! Hope you are doing great today!
Yeah, not so clear w/ ID, or IT or Ed Psych, or whatever. Mine is "IT" how confusing is that?!
Thanks for all ur hard work. Looks f'ing beautiful!
well that's me. Lol but yea man! How bout tomorrow we meet up!?
We offer our customers towing to our facility, 24 hours a day seven days a week, through a partnership with A-Albuquerque Towing.
Ugh! School I don't wanna go today:/
Say hi to Juan Pelota for me.
Increasing inequality; climate change; irregular battlespace are all contributing to security issues
...back to work tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
my sister just walked the stage. almost done with graduation. the dinner at the parents. i need a drink.
I guess it's possible that you could have wireless in your cave. Not sure about the cell phone reception.
Our drummer Andrew lives in L.A. now. West coast friends, please give him a warm welcome! <3
what show?
Meeting with some homeowners today to discuss what's involved with doing a short sale.
RT : Best score on TV: Legend of Korra. Clever stylistic mash-ups, great orchestration & luscious melodies.
Sometimes you just get tired of everything.
I feel sick..
lol I know . Why aren't you texting me ?
u famous n u really just put out dis song n think its bout to fly
no, no, no.....a burst pipe destroyed our records is more likely .... put your $$$ on that!
I just saw someone with a HORRIBLE new haircut and I think my face gave it away.
That Question He Asked Today Wuhhzz..... EVERYTHING
was in vienna last month! missed it!! no!!!
Does anyone have a good site for Triathlon and Running tips? Looking to read up and prepare for the race
Sean McGarrity I have 2 more spots in South Jersey. Looking for #C# #ASP .Net #Oracle Developers. Did I mention they were permanent? As in …
lol sorry i ruined our streak I couldn't guess yore drawing !
thanks! It ran in all the metro papers. woot woot.
Ps Secaucus blows, and so does this noisy, stale smoke smelling hotel room. Where's a good pair of red, ruby slippers when ya need 'em?
Do you have a link to the MLS live stream?
Nicely done, ! #miamidade budget hearing speakers supporting the Arts!!!
Happy Birthday!!
Thank you so much for the retweet!
hahaha. I'm gonna miss you sir
Heading back to the office to prep my clients family one last time before our final hearing tomorrow... Wish us luck!
So I have been officially given a new nickname by the beautiful Ms Troia, since I am always calling her Lite Brite & Glow Worm
Guys I just really love The Parent Trap...
Were you the person connected to my iTunes library via Home Sharing today? Wondering because I have that Cee-Lo song as well.
I think I am one...
I miss real hip hop. I don't like this crap they got out now
he's not fluid laterally and lacks quickness. He's a straight-line athlete. Glorified gunner. Lacks instincts/anticipation.
thats wass up! Im getting the car and going to prom ! xD
Merry Christmas 2 everybody. Hope u and ur families have a blessed one.
Well, I am certainly glad I did NOT decide to sell everyone on our staff on Delicious so they'd stop using IE for the bookmarks. Sigh.
T-minus 4 hours until my showdown with history. Bring it.
Yes! I met with Brittany and I look forward to collaborating more with all of you and actually meeting you IRL 1 day as well!
In much need of some fun and upbeat moods. Here at the yailyard till 5am. With no one to watch the sunrise with and haave breakfast
K , i REALLY hate when people bring up my past .. yeah i made mistakes ? But #OhWell ... Ain't regretting none of it .. So #FuckYou .
Sometimes it seems ChaCha knows more than Google... >.<
While you give Love grief, just remember that Pretty On The Inside still kicks the shit out of anything you've done.
blah. Sorry, bud. Go back to bed.
An overturned truck spills 18 tons of yogurt onto the highway
Glad it worked out. Enjoy your caffiene buzz!
"if a man with pink hair wins the main event I will move to france & open a refrigerator magnet shop!!!" you are the GREATEST!!!
"I have nipples, Greg. Could you milk me?"
Laying out pool side! :)
Yup bus went out of service after a block at 15th and U. Cab it is.
Why u reteetin me y'all played us
Working nights on a film can drive you insane but in a good way...so much to learn
tomorrow u should come over
please never stop making music.
thanks for the mention with
Best of luckz in the #BetterWithUTour! Love u xoxo.?
police an dey will go through d da ab supena ur ip ill sue u 4 everythang u have u fuckeddddddddd up now u hava nice day now
Just got home from Olive Garden, but this time it wasn't nearly as last time.
I might be getting annoying,but I really want to know if you guys plan on coming to Chicago this new tour?PLEASE ANSWER!!!
Four wins in five games. The Reds are really starting to look better.
I'm gonna end up beating the shxt out of somebody tonight
Satisfaction (A Rolling Stones Show) will be performing at the Historic Plaza Theatre in El Paso Texas May 6th @ 8:00pm.
RT u have no idea how much I like u, how much u make me smile, how much I love talking to u, or how much I wish u were mine.
Cat kept me up all night cuz he wanted outside at 3am and I would not let him. He's at the vet now being neutered.
I Fuck His Bitch && Yo Bitch @ Da Same DAMN TIME
I love those moments with my dad that people walk by and give us dirty looks so we try to do the same faces as them lmao(: good times
and remember m is to m <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i was watching how is making a change and thats just incredible i was crying just to see how kind he is<3
So many annoying people.
I'm going to Be on the News (channel 5) to night (friday) at 10pm so tone in
We never did catch up. Any opportunity to work with you to fill that newly created opening marketing with the Rays? Thanks.
“: says you look like the Red Ranger from Power Rangers Jungle Fury” || Well, he does!!!
I like this website
Is your grad night, Prom, Ball or Wedding coming up? Make-up should always be done professionally. Inbox me to request and appointment
Dissident case poses test for U.S.-China diplomacy
You must have misunderstood me....WHEN do you think he'll lose WABC? I want a date.
Done with "I" or "mine". Same as pleasure same as pain.
whose your team
I love promethazine uma codeine fiend
That math seems correct to me! Awesome!
We shall slay in honor of your loss of evenings.
RT : RT : #Brewers will wear throwbacks tomorrow. Last Friday home game every month. NICE!
Thanks so much for the follow! Tonight was absolutely incredible. I can't wait til April 3rd!
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! <U+2665>
Burgess clearly hasn't interviewed Dr. Sha's JMS 481 class. We could match any liberal arts major's inquisitiveness. # JMS481
$1 coffee after 3pm! Come try our sledgehammer blend
DON'T DO TOO MUCH.
you guys are dorks
yea it is
Happy Mother's DaY!!! May your day be sweet!
I can't enjoy my paycheck being on time this week because I'm still mad about all the previous ones being late.
WOW 76's beat Bulls!!
I'm in a good mood :D
haha aw! Man i'll watch it one of these days haha. I watched when she had to choose between Gosling & Garfield
We'll get through this, damn it!!!
s/o
Never fails, everytime I head out door in my padded cycling shorts, my kids ask "Seriously, you are going in public wearing those?"
Bruno Mars is putting on an impressive show!
Those little girls on #RHONJ are out of control.
trying to figure out why there are so many tweets.
to them, they will most likely be talked out of it. I know that if my cousin showed any signs that he was going to do this, we would've
There is not one sufficient reason anyone can give me as to why gay marriage would negatively affect anyone or anything.
Nothing to loose
trust is lik a mirror...u can fix it if its broken but u can still see a crack n dat motherf....n reflection
god i know. rADIO FUCKING DISNEY IS FUCKING HAVING HER ON THE SHOW. shiiiiit
Foo Fighters is the one band on my bucket list i've yet to see live. Grohl does every song like it is his last. love it. can't wait.
Was told would have an answer on the 30th, called today & 7 people later now told I have to wait 2 more days.
Heading for the Denver area for the next few days. Apparently it snowed there yesterday. Goodbye spring, hello winter.
gee your lucky. Those alive ones are a bitch to get out
Suffering through a massively boring pitch about a reasonably good product.
Thanks for coming Brian. Good to see you. Have a great night.
hopefully! Down with Evil!
Maybe that is why unadulterated love has not found its way to the street. Blessings to those who are spiritually liberated.
I'm moving out this summer. You come to the real Chicago and crash at my place! Haha. Then, I'll make the trek down to IU.
I said "GIANTS! YEAH BABY" never saw your tweet sorry
#Imagine: Austin: "I really like this girl..." You: "Come on Austin, Just tell her." Austin: "I love you [YN]" <U+2764>
quick question: why not put A Collinsworth deep on punts? Wouldn't he help flip field position? #go irish
today was a long day!.
Check out my website see my new photos www.yourworldphotos.com
Thank you , , and for your time and great information this morning.
yea!! LUV Betty! “: Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me.”
thinking everyone hates you and you're just the center of this big sick joke
I love when Nashville guys get played in Chicago coffee shops. Ten out Tenn. Proud of Music City
I sorta made a silly fool of myself, and it was FUN! #SMCSea cc
Common sense doesn't often seem to enter into historical interpretation.
My friends are so nuts... I love em'
The People Vs. Mike Wickett
Haha, that's a good starting place! Girlyy, study time just started.
I think the 16 gb is more than enough!
my parents just got back and they said go bye and left again to go hung out with some friends
US markets open in 20 minutes showing strong gains initial jobless claims may be seen as some good news in a volatile period for
No.. I do eat fish, eggs, dairy. Have a slightly complicated medical history which is part of the issue...
I like when you do this; 1st Marlins new park now PNC; nice work
At Barnes & Nobles on N. Rock working on my sermon. Question: In your life, what has caused you to walk away from God?
And once again is the MOST intelligent person in the room I bet...seriously!
Found 1 roomie, now I need another. ANYONE? 3 bed 2 bath by #SDSU, gated complex, $500 + utilities.
leaving twitter for awhile till you all chill out and stfu
Yep...#MixNationwide is sounding hot right now
Closed today, but Appalachian Granny will be baking Lemon Meringue Pies fresh at Acme tomorrow! Order yours! 614-732-2803
congrats to you both. Good work to be done here.
Ahaha Crazy How Ah Nigga Barly Kno Ah Bitch Not Even Ah Week Now But On Ha Side TF Outta Here !
Tired as fuck. Hoping that tomorrow is bullshit free or I might go off.
Kuroda with a gem for the Yanks today, 8 innings, 6 strikeouts. Glad I picked him up for the spot start!
“: "You're in high school. You're not gunna marry the kid." #truth” I definitely said this on the daily. HAHAHAHAHA (:
FYI... St. Pats Corned Beef & cabbage broth & veggies = fab split pes soup base...
I'm going to take over the Occupy Baltimore protest and make it an Anti 667 Area Code protest.
love it love it!
The worst thing about crossing a line is when you don't know, you already have.
Ladies, it seems like dudes only give you credit for the bad feelings you give us. I wanna say thanks for the good ones, love you all!
Heh..."dividing" You simple creature. Enjoy your day.
Hey man! Long time. How goes it?
Lobos need to win tomorrow
Exactly! RT Ok now I've got the hang of Google+ and I like it. Everything I did wrong on Facebook I can get right at Google+
You are the man! Many thanks for the cargo collective hookup.
will be tweeting #oscars red carpet commentary beginning tonight at 7pm with ! Head to web site to check it out.
Fixing a trouble spot is almost the same as writing, right? This spot has been haranguing me for days.
Daughter rode bike 6 miles today while I ran. So much fun, talked the entire way.
Competition is getting pretty fierce over here at the #madhatter Throwdown!
is one of the sickest hardcore bands in all of Indiana!!! Make sure you don't miss them at #Kylestock!
I think it's about identity construction.
What's happening family? Headed home after a long weekend at the Olympic trials. This morning my strength was renewed.
OUR JAM RT And if we go down, we go down together best friends means, well best friends means
heyy merry christmas honey !!
I miss you! Thx for stopping by the blog, it's gone through a few changes. I haven't had much time for it lately :(
Yes you did :)
Buhaaaaaaa. I agree, that was bad.
practice at noon then movies later with my boy for our 5 months. :)
Acknowledgment-"for thine is the kingdome, and the power, and the glory forever"
Most stores are closed RT hey, what are you and doing in waupaca
oh yeah? whatcha gonna do about it?! :D
I have no idea how you have the patience for this job. Rest assured, people still like you!
If getting Bin Laden weren't such a big deal, the GOP wouldn't be trying so hard to minimize the accomplishment...
I'm totally coming in tomorrow for more! :-)
When the battery dies, you're in trouble. When the battery appears to die, but only needed corrosion cleared away, you get a pass. Phew.
where are you taking your class? Sounds like a fun new hobby!
yeah the 9832 one
:) RT : great chatting. You are awesome. Cheers.
Kevin Martin: talent enables the business to adapt to change internally faster than the market changes.
No, I was laid off :( But Im making the best out of it, as you can see! lol How's everything with you?
Haha!! Did you like it?!
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad leave the door open when im at work and it's -10 outside!
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market "I love this game!!!!! It's very addictive!!!!" by Angela
what! please tell me that actually happened!
For a girl who hasn't done laundry or packed and is leaving first thing in the morning- I'm not making good decisions. Let #sxsw begin!
Just had Caputo's spanakopita for lunch. Yummy! No plans for dinner yet...
For some reason, it remind me of The League. If you're not watching that show, do so immediately
This hotels pool is outside and the people swimming are freakin yelling!!
i'm addict to you...
is there something in your eye. No wait, it's just a sparkle. ;)
Items is only available on Square for iPad at this time.
Some people are dumb when comes to a relationship that they have to cheat
Agreed, and everything about Kashmir is awesome.
RT : Busy day today, but looking forward to hanging out at camp with this weekend. NO this Saturday night.
We're shooting a national commercial today!
Thanks for the follow artists
Of course The Ultimate Jobber beats kane
Neither will win anything in the next decade ;)
Gonna sell my car and go to Vegas cause somebody told me that's where dreams would be
You talk shit about me and the act like we're best friends?
that's true :)
Thank you for the Follow...right back at ya! You guys Rock!
Totally ignoring the dress code the last month of school.
tonight Elgins friends will walk in carson in a candlelight ceremony in honor of his activism...Turmont and avalon at 8pm
Working on the intro film video!! Have a "wing it" version---probably never see the light of day!
My family passed up LOTR, The Matrix, and Iron Man. I'm not related to these people.
Great winds blow on high hills.
trail running vs work...hmm...I think you made the right decision
Good Morning Everyone! We have been getting some great feedback via FB and Twitter for our FREE Cookie giveaway! Thank you everyone!
Danny Glover leading the Jobs Not Cuts Rally Saturday Oct. 15 at Laney College 1:00 in the PM
The flat area along the stern of a boat is known as the transom
Cannot wait!!
I look like I have three elbows right now. Thanks, Cottage Grove
post the details to exist-open - i'm sure someone will be able to help!
Our brand new twitter account. Website Launch Soon. Plz follow for updates on the best in Chicago dining, things to do, deals & discounts.
curse you Sunday! I just scheduled 10 things in my DVR between 8pm & 12am tonight. RIDICULOUS.
you too lady!
yes! Call me!
Moment of silence for everyone in school who can't watch on live twitcam . 9:10 am
#CommonTattoos A big skull saying “I hate tattoos” Who doesn’t have one of those?
Everyone follow !
Walked into to buy a bottle of wine and discovered a 50+ bottle wine tasting
#endoftheworldconfessions no no no don't listen to these people. WE let the dogs out.
Always re-evaluate your choices and decisions...some will be validated and others re-purposed!
: Once you dump marriage, you are a free-floating radical. "Going Gaga" means not appealing to the state
Thank you for your kind attention to the difficult circumstances facing #fostercare children and alumni
so sad. U dont follow mee crying
Portland says their retooling instead of rebuilding. If he's there, do they draft Andre Drummond or trade that pick for Varejao?
Vegas Racing...launching tonight @ 12night!
Follow my son
United Airlines shopping for new regional provider In Tyler - KYTX
Can I take your picture?
that's stupid
then i check on " @ Connect " then he RT me again! Then Alex tweeted about YouNow and i reply him, (c)
“: I'm a vagina.” Pshhhh #YouAllReadyKnow !!!
RT : RT : Framing issues: climate disruption, women’s rights, economy, religion,...
Fantastic day in Lima. The sun was out so I hit the markets and the Parque del Amor.
I have had a defender since i got my iphone more than a year ago. never had any damage and i am a klutz!
gave my #payitforward bracelet away today, thought someone else needed it and the message needed passed on. Thank you!
Jes! I saw it. Just haven't gotten around to messaging you. Sorry. Writing a new blog post!
I just don't know if I am ready to be Ja-made crazy.
thanks Ma$e.
spring menus coming soon. And all the goodies growing in my basement. Neighbors are wondering about the bright lights emanating
Holy fat grams! I have discovered the most amazing (and most expensive) Deep Dish Pizza in Philly! Garces Trading Company, baby!
Thanks for spreading the word, and ! Here's to neighbors, community development, and dinner parties–
Hatred is a poison that fills your body
design is not just an art..it is life style of a person...
Ali Fitzgerald called me that on the blog, back in the day. Was my username before I switched over to salvocheque :D
Omg its cold outside, jacket much...
I wish knew I was alive. I love him! If I met him, moment for life<3 YOLO! <3
If get's a girlfriend while he is back hom ein Bradford,UK im gonna cry no JOKE! -.-
Unlock this badge for 10% off and a free bar of Provence soap in Oak Park! www.kupoz.com/carefulpeach m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Happy Friday! Who's working out today?!
Dear , I bet you a hundred dollars you can't go into Jasa Kabob in Canton Square and EAT a whole Biriyani! Too big even for u
omfg RT forks, Washington called me today.. it was Edward
PooPoo O'Hara can't win Drag Race- its like voting Bush into office again!! No
already follow you too
lol your welcome? x) tell Taylor to come meet me!
Sadler is comingg! go salder you can do it
Looking forward to it! I'd also love to know what you think about K-2 vs 3-5.
What's worse than putting 1 hot curly fri in your mouth? That's right putting two a hot curly fries in your mouth!
On the fence and need help from #sqlfamily: Should I rename 'STOP! Consolidate and Listen' to something clearer (for attendees)?
RT : RT : Deja Vu: When God thinks something is so funny he has to rewind it to show it to his friends...
Most people either loved or hated movie "melancholia"...opinions? I loved it.
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Made an account and pretends to be a crazy fan RT if you wanna know what account it is.
You can officially start drinking now. Being Cinco De Mayo and all.
hey sorry for the late reply how r yu
Yes. In spirit. Hey, exciting play.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 3
follow me Will Smith
- Thanks, I needed some research in this area...
Just got done with Bark in the Park. 2 TIRED pups!
Would you like to get in touch with my coworker about it?
Their team went to Winnipeg.
Happy first day of spring!! I loved being woken by the singing birds this morning! What is your favorite thing about this season?
You've got a good life, right? You live in a free country, right? You've got a keyboard, right? So, who are you taking a stand for today?
awh how sweet of you.
I ALLMOST CUSSED u..RT : lol try u a big girl.. Yu might like it! Or get crushed in the process of finding out lmao
Though to be fair, I did find my future husband whilst punting on the Cam and enjoying my Pimm's today.
Oh hell yes. Dave Chappelle is on the twitters. Follow him!
It is 11:08 pm on a Saturday night and I am ready for bed. Something is wrong here.
everyone gets up for crunchy frog!!!!
Where at?
Who's the guy at Fenway sitting behind home plate wearing the suit and the old fashioned yellow headphone radio?
the weather for today is clear. summer, are you finally here?!
Becca's songs out :D Everyone listen to it .. This is the best one, yet ! My Moment - Rebecca Black
If you haven't heard, is having an after party in Chicago at Angels & Kings after the concert!!! 21+
make it rain, baby! Make it rain!
Lol! Yes!! RT : You ever had silent sex? NO music, moans, talking, tv on, NOTHING....shits weird as hell
Beautiful day, new quarter, lost students… what more could you ask?
Can't wait till my skates come in.
The most Smokin' updates on the HOTTEST spot to ROCK the #Vegas strip! Follow opening at the
This weather is amazing
Sweet looking kitchen! Is that coming-soon listing at Woodbury Heights? How many parking spots??
we need the old Polo!!!
You guys, iced coffee is the best.
So you won't like my joke either then I guess.... I guess that Brewster finally found a way to get the axe.....
The 28 million $ question: Where will #PeytonManning go? One guess! Mine is the
Not yet. I write stuff down and crack people up but im thinking about making it a serious thing soon. What about you?
At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters
Mal o Jacob'un sözüüü görmüyormusun? :D
mancave taking shape for my wonderful husband, he will be so happy, who knew there was Dallas Silver and Dallas Navy paint colors
25 more days until school is out, OMG YAY.
I think mine is a 7
link me when you have the photo up - would love to see how you use it :))
Thanks for having us!
RT Tonight I got to dance in the pouring rain with 52,000 people. I will NEVER forget it.
I missed some of tweets... I should be ashamed of myself lmaoo
Just gave a 17 year old ideas for her senior paper #agemeplease she is going with my topic suggestion, though.
thanks. first wanna step out of studio. use more natural light. work more with color, composition, light and shade. nice backdrops
I wont be online very often after my crash thing its not good to go online it could make me have sierzures
RT : You have to have a mentor/coach and a mastermind group. They are non-negotiable. Kelly Thorn Gore
#flyers failed despite the line switch but I had an awesome time, great to hang with you and
Sounds like a great #kidism ! :)
ong <3 i subscribed to ur fb :).. i know i sound weird but im not i promise
Pizza time for the kiddos then I'll be back! Looking forward to a holiday weekend!
Wit Upshaw n Kruger the Ravens will b fine but Suggs ur an ass
why is it difficult to give up control?
Love the apples2apples comparison: www.mndigital.org/projects/preservation
Okay, that makes more sense. Can you please rewrite Google's Help section? It's useless.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday. ~Robert Nathan, So Love Returns
I would rather have Crabtree as out Main TE let Finley go play where ever.
Hey Charles Barkley - Obama's campaign was kicked off in nearly a half empty stadium at the Ohio State University!
pear cardamom upside down cake and tiramisu complete. holiday rolls and artichoke spread up next.
Dynamic Customer Journey via !? Yikes - need to read up more on that :)
Having Diablo 3 server issues? Take a break and listen to Agora Forte, it'll help.
waiting for my hard copy to come in the mail and it's honestly the hardest thing I've ever had to do!
"We'll make some s'mores, man!"
Had a fun time tonight with my boy :)
Sounds like GOV talk or big corporate round table speaking about the surfs below getting less
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand interviewer: whats the last thing you broke Prince: rarayray broke his arm hahahahaha
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with Nate and Alaina!
totally agree - awesome talk tonight, took some notes that will last me a lifetime...thx for coming!
I'm not sure this commercial on NPR that says, "Buy postage stamps at Staples" understands.....much of anything.
we do a food show in Sept. In NE Houston. Would u like some info? Your bio is mouthwatering !!:)
The final trailer HAS a lot to offer. You will be blown away!
Kobo Touch eReader - an alternative to Nook and Kindle, modern design meets the eReader
Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay", I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, "I know you're not"
Since when I had a GF 0.o ?
Turkey's PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan crows abt weakening regime of Syria's #BasharAssad. , you're not much better!
just don't pee in the water
BJ3 and The Mississippi Bullet are about to light shit up
been to the market lately?
Yes! I'd love to see more programming put on by our ridiculously talented individual staff members, whether in-house or out-call.
I want to go to Tropicana.
wait for the altar and take the full wedding party photos after! Do grooms side and brides side separately before!
I still frequently find myself double spacing and then deleting one, after several years of trying to stop.
First game for the new bball league - gonna be SORE tomorrow!
The Thunder played horribly tonight and lost. Ugh! We will get them next game.
": “: Smh The Line Look Like #Obsessions Saturdays At #Next2Naked Lol! We Went In Lastnight!”"
how was ya day accomplish ya goals for th day?
follow me so I can reply to your messages. We live about 15 min from Thousand Oaks
Lol n dont gain a pound!!! Tell yo husband that we gonna have to go kick it oneday all expenses paid by me!!
I want a man... Not a boy
Derwin...I really don't give 2 shits how horrible that show has become. As long as he on it, I'm watchin. (sometimes on mute though)
Feeling a little melancholy and missing the Hirshhorn on days like today when it's buzzing with anticipation (and anxiety) for a big opening
When I say things like that, nobody bats an eyelash. I'm not sure how to interpret that...
Missed your AMA - do you have any advice that applies specifically to coding for a nonprofit? I'm from
Not feeling school tomorrow.
I would advise that I be left alone
I am an Entertainer better than any other and a great songwriter better than any established that's why my name is ILlestSonGRiteR
Cannot wait for no food sickness, puppy walk, run, and then coming home.
Happy Easter big guy!
Miss you!
Signs of a great workplace? trust, unlimited vacation, equity shares, work-life balance, two-way communication and fair pay
I'll be posting a link to our introduction thread, and pointing out some of our posters on Twitter who have provided their background...
you will dace for me on tv tomorrwo on sportsnation ?
What inspires you?
can't ignore the fact that you both are hella talented tho!
and someone is always watching RT jaredmelzer: - Careful what u post socially! Nothing on the internet is private
You're annoying
I used to count the days with you but now I just subtract them....
Jk bout that last tweet, im the only reason austy wont follow us! SRRRY ~xoxo luv and kisses~ SARA
#WorkOut #SkateSesh then its back #Business ..for those who take time off, enjoy your day!
Dinner at Cafe Geoluread (cafe surse. New name. Don't ask) then TJ's and Target before home.
RT : Mobile polling at #COFLA #fundertech session shows 64% in room not yet supporting #mobile in grantmaking strategies
Starting TODAY: Shop at Saks Fifth Avenue Austin this week & mention Austin Children's Shelter to have 10% of your purchase donated!
I got that mop situation covered for you
OKAY SOUNDS LIKE A DEAL, YOU STAY IN AMERICA AND I'LL STAY IN THE UK. SOUNDS GOOD.
and think that I would be your love
why you gotta be so mean to mean? why you don't know what you mean to me? why you always playing games? why i feel like you're ashamed?
I think im bout to go run
such a horrible thing to wish upon someone haha
if that's true, he probably doesn't judge king james english.
I wish there were italics in tweets.
Oh you're cute.
Spirit of Truth...what a gift! (John:15-17)
Had a blast touring the Bourbon Trail in Kentucky thanks to this weekend. Check them out! It's a great TASTY time!
If i'm single, rich, and famous that means i'll have more money to myself and I could go out and party when ever I feel like
damn it! If I didn't get a phone I would have totally gotten one!
I am loving the pink suit!
I know rite how old are you turnin
I swear FML!
Getting close to 1,000lbs on the leg press!
I feel you! i was reading that shit between you & shea Hicks. hate her !
: Practice safe text, use commas
Gov. Scott Walker's $12.1 million in fundraising since last year breaks previous record of $10 million he set in 2010
Awesome! Thanks
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people.
ugh. I'm sorry. What a horrible day for you! I hope he gets better soon, for your sake
Lavish Wrist Restraints Fleece Lining @ www.kandizone.com
New followers! Check out our songs on Facebook and say hi to us!! :) POP/ROCK
Wow lots of tweets about FP not Winnering today.
Congratulations to #RACC students, Christina Buehler & Patricia Sturz, named to All-PA #Academic Team, sponsored by USA Today!
whenever I watch them I feel like I'm going to throw up hahahaha
Anyone coming to #Vegas this weekend for Mayweather vs Cotto? Who are you rooting for?
Bein in a relationship isnt about the kissing or the dates. Its about bein with that person that makes you happy in a way no one else can.<U+2665>
I honestly don't know what I would do without my grandpa, please get better soon ! #Myhero #myeverything <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I'll take a Gin and Boyfriend. Gin and what? "Well, I'll take the gin, my friend here wants the boyfriend..."
#Success over
QUICK POLL: What's your fave smart phone app?
You HAVE to join Panem October :)
#ratchetgirlanthem --- I wit #teamflipphn #teamchrisbrown if she dont shut it up then it's
guess who lost my moms luggage?
I was listening to The Fray performing the National Anthem on the radio last night and it sounded weird, thought it was the signal,guess not
I <3 ! Just met some of the members, can't wait to see them perform!:)
no. i'm not eating cookies.
Nice! I like it....Tray is great
i just moved to a new spot... getting situated... I got plenty on deck... how bout you bro?
That sounds unpleasant, hope all is well
Porsche drops plan for entry-level model, CEO says Porsche has dropped plans to build a two-seater vehicle which would have been smaller
thhinking of changing my twitter username.. any ideas.. best one gets something.. you pick
Stirred up out of bed today by a super sexy soprano sax street musician
good luck dollface!!!
RT #Capricorn's mind are in the gutter most of the times but you would never know.
Calling all Los Angeles City College Performing Artists!! Only days to apply for GHAPFM scholarship!
Our new album hasn't come out yet, but we're demoing up seven new songs!!!!
Haha no not really...
No Problem
good morning to you also...HI,
Remember to bring the kids in for 99-cent meals tonight happening at all Colorado Applebee's!
Wish I was in #Boston for #MarathonMonday!
Way to go! RT : Thanks for the new page likes! We've reached over 5,000 fans on Facebook!
Just how I roll.
just make eye contact, he's prolly on the dl anyways
My question to the President - How can we reduce red tape -- so Am mfgers can get funds quickly to build & construct wind/solar panels. Vote
6 more tweets and im to 3000.
Happy Friday!!!!
those words will get it done.
so far its working. he's txted me and i didnt respond. but instead im going to txt him at around 6
Took the time to figure out that there are only 26 school days left until summer
Dont lead a girl on if your jus gonna drop them
Love how chris brown gets to sing on the #grammys. People aren't held accountable for anything they do in the world today.
Yes, I usually see six or seven of them during a season. Love the sound of them pecking :) We're in Missouri.
Even Craig Sager's suit isn't up to par tonight.
Chef Cantu and Chef Roche did a great job on the Today Show!
Such a great feeling to see good friends genuinely happy.
Thanks for the follow & sexy icon ;)
so, today, unlike any other day. I've decided to look for a new place. :)
Aaaaaawww... I totally forgot about that show! I loved it, too! <:(
care to elaborate?
Dear Lord, Please carry me through the day today <3
Can you join us in tomorrow morning?
as turnaround times get longer. The culture of the organization
ok it's weird how people can like animated things
What's this I hear about the return of Non-Binding Agreements? If its happening, Im for it-Im still paying down AltaVista stock.
please follow
I think y'all look alike
oh jeez, cool, i looked, fTags are a whole site, collection point for that topic, do I understand? arrrhhhgg...
u want him to return too early n mess it up even worse?
I get tears in my eyes when I listen to Justin's new single, turn to you
Hehe, awe I'm good thanks, you? xo
's favorite Pacer in the game - Psycho T!
Listening to a band named "The Naked and the Famous" while eating Nutella on toast. Wonderful and peaceful way to end a Monday.
no. thank you! Your constant support means so much to us!
#Clean Jobs: Silver Lining in San Diego’s Economic Cloud? Media event today 11:30 – 2 p.m. DPR Construction, 5010 Shoreham Place 92122
Everyone Looks Fatter In White Including The iPhoneFast Company - digital calipers
Happy birthday to !!
I wanted to see a table flip.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Can't wait for y'all to hear this (MERCY Remix!!!) #DOPE.. It WILL be dropping before I leave to North Carolina on Saturday so
yes, please be prepared for some YouTube awesomeness headed your way! :) gotta get settled first then vlogs ahead!!
Hahah i did too so did like all my friend cause they all think ur supa sexayy
chopped and screwed but yea, kinda awesome.
I love the movie orphan especially as acted ester :)
I love my life!!! I'm killing these masters classes!! Less than a month to go and first semester done. God is so good to me!!!!
trying to explain to my husband. omg.
Will do. Just downloaded mp3 so I can listen on my laptop.
Dear teacher, it's not my fault I'm failing your class, I'm learning from YOU. Sincerely , blame yourself.
Tx for the favorite!
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8851.
Booking the june-july tour , So bands if your trying to package with an amazing band get at me and lets talk business
aw someone in there feelings
You're welcome! RT : Thanks! for sponsoring the
Worst dating website ad ever: "Don't die alone."
Idk man I just love (:
Pictures/video or it didn't happen
The music industry is currently interested in "what's next" in terms of technological advancements following the mp3.
Writing, rain, meeting, writing, visa, writing, meeting. Most hated Texism: "finals", what's final about this? All a process. Just say exams
Follow back? :D
Which is, of course, a perfectly fine reason to like something.
yeah but didn't you have snow like a week ago?
TGFAD that wasn't promised to me#early tweet
Whats up sir? UofL needs to focus on winning the Big East before we can try in get into any other conferences.
asked him re: Twitter. He doesn't have one, not planning on it soon, but may in the future. :)
What I'd like to see right now is a pause in this baseball game for Prince Fielder and David Ortiz to wrestle for 10 minutes.
thx for the add
goodies > anywhere
No homework! Doing absolutely nothing tonight!
Cosentino: Most common math mistake: ZEROS. Even PhDs in string theories get this wrong
Sam will finally learn something too!
hell yes. bare bones would take it back to the good ole cod2 days. I would love it!!
It's really just a good movie :/
Which team's supporters are doing so??
Good morning, #Chicago! Who's looking for a new apartment in the city this morning?
Want a followback? Simply RETWEET and FOLLOW :D
Look at this weather..... Going back to bed <U+270C>
Don't let anyone tell you that you're not strong enough<3
Eww! I hope you don't have a dog.
Who's hiring???
This for sure. AND of course one COULD argue that a few hours away from wi-fi might (*might*) do THATCampers good. :)
:'( fine then leave me alone!!!!
I'm spending the weekend hold up working and writing. Call tomorrow evening. Hope all is well.
My dad just called, after hearing a report on NPR, to ask "Have you ever heard of Berger cookies?"
RT Dear Linked Open Data peeps. Please take a peep at iconclass.org/help/lod and point out the stupid mistakes.
aw yea! That's why we love you Kobe <3 ;)
I would rather let all of my teeth fall out and die alone (probably buried in a pile of pets) than get another root canal,
I want to hear Mistletoe by
yes we did lol some nasty shit
": whats your booking info"
Thank you Rich!
#RESPECT RT : good job Caron... let's close the game Friday
#ff He has wise things to say, and is amazing live in concert! He's also very sweet
thank you!!!
In need of Security Supervisors for your hospital?We'll find them working onsite at other hospitals and lure them away for you. 513 899 9628
A bazillion. Did you see the Salvation Army truck? You can deduct a small percentage of the retail value when you donate.
Sleepless in MKE. This WOULD happen the night before a day shift. Bright side? I have pretzels.
Smart move! People just laugh when I put items on my Christmas list...
you're a mean little tree
how awesome I got you following me made a bad day better thank you
I failed 3 people last night -____-
Let's just say it's awkward at times.
And i just told our bartender. Sorry that Hanson fans are crazy. And he said we are pretty tame. BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
im so happy and not
Nice! RT : it's cool i won one awsome award from
I think email has a place, but it's not a replacement for #directmail. Reason 1: promos via email or fax are perceived as spam.
Ha ha!
so much more sense.
WE WANT SEASON 2 OF NIKITA. You got it, ? Or I swear I'll kill myself and everybody around me.
With Klout buying Blockbook app last week, just has been getting me thinking about block by block Gov 2.0, possible or a stretch?
Last day to book an appointment for today (8/15) and receive 30% off any and all services! Call now and mention this tweet!
I just sent you an email!!! I hope you check it out and let me know what you think.
Need your car detailed? Scratches? Dirty Interior? Stained carpet?
The song "I Don't Like"--that's that shit I don't like.
I'm woefully ignorant of all iParaphenalia. But has the gear!
Attended excellent event last night: Benjamin Percy reading from his novel THE WILDING.
...a different band or could find a jam session...something like that. Lots of options...
I'M LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST I ONLY FUCK WITH THE REALIST SO FUCK WITH ME CAUSE I'M 100
What's your first tea of 2012? Mine you ask? I went with a Morawaka BOP1!
Introducing Keg & Kitchen Kevin Meeker has revamped Cork in Westmont into a homey pub.
Principal's Remarks Generate Concern Over District Writing Instruction: Parents and Board Trustees are examining the district's writi..
Of Mice and Men headlining Warped Tour this year? I think yes
It is of great importance to know when you are no longer thick... You are just fat ma'm.. so stop it with the''thick''pics
If you're a drag queen come in tonight from 7-8pm for free drinks. We're planning a huge drag show and want your help!
Come on down to Carver Park this Sunday at 2PM for the 5th Annual GE Softball Tourney! Rebels will be playing and taking home the trophy!
I'm in a good place. #Hope this finds you well.
smile 24 hours of the day and 7 days a week.....you never know who's falling in love with it <3
That's cool.
Morning Rockstars! > Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
I wish this #Oscar show would take a cue from The Artist and just be silent. Shhhhh!!!
can u follow me please
“: Due to the weather, tonight's President's Reception will be in the Lemon/Lime Rooms 5:30-7 p.m. #FLACON2012”
Your welcome!
So Tired<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6>
#TFTBIE Cutting costs while you're in a shootout with speculators = Bringing a knife to a gunfight.
Pages; mission control for your business on Facebook
Bruins with a lot of opportunities but nothing doing.
Happy Birthday Little Brother !
yeah that was a good day :)
Sitting at MedExpress with about 20 people in front of me. I hope I can endure this.
let any city employer with a take-home vehicle or chauffeur get sponsored first.
why is it that technology is never quite as shiny at the office as it was at etech?
When you wake up in the morning, someone is breathing their last breath. Be thankful for another day. Don't waste it.
huge back up getting on to the pike from 84, why aren't there more lanes for fastlane?
Happy Birthday to your Mom Jay.God Bless her and keep her.She shared her family with all of us.Ty Mrs.Osmond.
#womencantresist Guys in band T-shirts(;
You have to hold the book up, obviously.
I'm really sorry.
Well good evening. I'm just now winding down.
Corn on the Cob with Mayo, Lime, and Chile Powder: Basically Mexican Style and it doesn't get any better than that ;]
reat timing now... Cuz im getting sleepy af! But how can I sleep to dubb... If all I wanna do is stay up more and jamm tha fuck out haha ...
Agreed RT : Very happy to see a social platform being used again this year at
Let my weekend begin!
#Wicked was so good.
yea, don't join the military. This shit sucks lol
sorry about that
Dear Los Angeles! Hope you're having a great weekend! Stay dry and drive safe in the rain!
uhm well today was full of surprises!
This Week Focus on your Result or What You Really Want and Your Purpose or Why You Really Want It as opposed to What You Have To Do. Enjoy!
Maria Sharapova is almost American she has lived in America for almost 18 years & I wanted her to win so bad today!:)
Welcome back!
Lol yeah I know. I was expecting more. How's the weather there??
I need a mechanic! Small engines a Plus Let's see if this Twitter stuff really works One of your friends needs a job! Re-Tweet
If you want a discount you can use the promo code goodtimes gets you 10 percent off the shirts and we have new designs soon
:)) my pleasure
Lucky! RT : Jeff Probst is directing a movie & is using my room to film scenes. I'm meeting w/ Jeff & the art department. It ...
23 days till my birthday YEAH BUDDY
enjoy #AC big chief
Port to the left, starboard to the right raise the sail when the winds just right
JENNA MARBLES FOLLOWS BACK!!! WOO :)
I live in Roslyn Harbor!!!!!!
do you love me?
Great presentation tonight by at the .
well you were crooked as fuck haha I lawled
Port Wash. man barricades himself in his home and is in a stand-off with police. Neighbors say this is the man's second stand-off w/police.
Thx for the follow! Refreshing to find someone in branding with a stream thats not the usual fluff. & a fellow Chicagoan! *beam*
were u interviewed by KNX re self-identification Mexican vs Latino vs Hispanic? Sure sounded like u!
Thank you so much!
Coffee in bed
Welcome to the Loop! Your website is making our office hungry (and we just finished lunch...)
#harrypotterlive question: whats your favorite scene in the movie!!!!???
“: Big win last night for the ! you guys must have been good luck! #BeatLA” let's do it again tmr!
Damn I just messed up my whole leg and my toe trying to go to the dang bathroom :(
dude sick poster. I am awful at guessing those.
Oh my god, I hate doing presentations in front of the class.
It's the little things he does that keeps me hooked. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I wanna adopt another dog so bad..
RT : Once you decide to do it, begin immediately. The sooner you take action the more you'll accomplish.
Happy Easter for all my Twitter friends
i hate it when the class is suddenly silent for longer than usual..
He is part right - do need pass rushing DL, OLB opposite Mathews, and maybe a corner. Could move Woodson to safety.
I support Coyotes. I was really into hockey when they first moved here. Havent been as much in recent years, but back on bandwagon
: Thanks Emily! XO
I love #SaySomethin so much that it's my ringtone on my phone!!!!! #MahomieThing :)
can't wait to hear it...Miss Texas! :))
$119,922,500? Thanks for the benchmark Edvard. Quite confident about May 15th at Christie's.
by the way ur work and writing is exemplary great stuff thats why this old coot follows u
I might run up to the wood to see Shavonnie!
#Heartattack Many Military Vets in College Plagued By Thoughts of Suicide Title: Many Military Vets in College Plagued By Thoughts of Suici
RT : WARNER BROS GOES SO HARD WITH CATERING
you actually asked your coworker?! Can the #DonnerParty attend? I think we'd make great zombie fighters during the apocalypse...
Holy Crap a Manatee Holy Shit Never seen one before, coolness
Just occurred to me how frightfully good is at writing teasers. Terrible for my attention span.
The missionless walk not equipped to rip
RETWEET if u followed so I can follow u:)
and I are seeing our first step show live
How To Predict the Future: Trust Your Gut and Know Your Subject...
Ice cream without sprinkles... Upsetting.
Yuck! I swear it has rained in Ohio at LEAST every other day
haha you would. He's such an awesome dog!
desperate lonely one eyed hoes gotta have someone to hump.
you never know when shit falls from the sky...?!?
Indeed. None of us have a monopoly on knowledge
The #SocialSecurity Trustees predicted 18 shortfalls since 1958. Guess what? SS still here, still going strong
Cheers Matt
Sucks not having internet at my house. :/
I feel like listening to John Mayer right now.
Follow the live tweets from today's business technology seminar! Search #crackingthecode on twitter cc:
GD economics and your laws of supply an demand.
it's Thursday !!!
Only my cousin is in the hospital with the gown and some JEANS on... WHO DOES THAT????? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
CLUB TAO SHAKING!!!!
I might have had a shot of tequila before I posted that..
If you want Lobster Mac or Crab Mac you better hurry we have already sold 11 Lobster and 8 Crabs... Only about a dozen of each left today :)
Great. I dont evenn wanna go to school tomorrow. :(
yeah, I would love to see Stamkos get 60 as well! Rangers looking good, I like Tortorella.
Tired of people telling me what color I need to wear ugh...stressing
Just owned Miami hard with a fantastic model that should not be mentioned :) YEAH!!!!
Today is my party inbox the kid or call me if you coming threw its going down
thanks boo you were making me werk. First work out post 1/2 marathon.
ima go bak to sleep its to fuhken early to be up at this time on a Saturday
+1 RT : I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him. Truly.
trying to create value chains for edtech strategy. New mantra: one stone, flock of birds (no birds hurt during this tweet of course!)
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free let college coach see you skills
I doubt he'll ever be forgiven. That dog's death will haunt him till his own death, which I think is the truest beauty of it.
WITH THE MOVIE THEATRE BUTTER
that may be a plausible reason. One last UK hoorah.
Here's what I love about the Blazers. You have a guy who doesn't play who makes a great play. Believe in those players who are hungry.
How many of us watched the speech by our PRESIDENT tonight? Some of you were out spending and consuming start a company and hire somone.
In one of those, what the fuck am I doing with my life, moods
Not a big fan of a lot of these "good, new" rappers. Idk where music is going but I wanna go in the opposition direction.
you talkin bout the dude that's said to be right?
lmfao I know, I feel so cool.
I can do that 4 u. Just let me know when is your event?
Follow jong_rivera twitter <U+E057>
someone at the fda hearing i've been watching all day just mentioned x prize!
stayin home cleaning n gettin my child ready for school tomorrow I just go to school n stay home not a woman who n club or bar
My ears are so hot! Someone must be talking shit!!
Whoever at KY who is letting the IU agreement go south should be fired. Mitchie?
Skyping with my lil brother who is Paraguay! I miss him!
hey what's up thanks for following me
“: Nice picture, she's pretty (: ha screw you. #overit” you tell em! (;
gosh we were just talking on the phone and ur so mean im fina talk to christian
feeding your children right & exercise is just part of good parenting - its as important as a good education.
bout time someone did!
that is true lovin the Ohio weather
I am a dude and I don't want to kiss Christian Beadles. I would love though to meet him and pray with him and all that!
Allan Boyer scores in the bottom of the 3rd to put the Wild Things up 1-0!
yup u bin school today?
Hi Betsy, Glad we connected! Love to send you samples of our to try! Just DM me your address
YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!!!
you did awesome tonight! I'm definitely going to watch it next week!
I don't think it's satire. It's not consistent enough on any position.
": I gave in to temptation and watched the video for "Moves Like Jagger." That curiosity killed three or so cats." LOL
Ooh, Mobile Uplink? (kidding) Awesome, Thank you, Sirs and drive safe.
geez that pool looks small
Emmy award winning series premieres online "Alien Invaders" 06/02 a doc on the Lionfish Invasion!!!
At this time in 2 weeks I will be on American soil. So weird to think about.
Id rather b at the #metgala.. #What #Cloe'callme
I bet it was. I guess you will be a Lobo now haha They better thank drake haha
possibly Shaky over Swain, mainly due to punt/kick return abbilties.
Twitter relaxes me. lol.
Justin thoughT tht u & megan wer n relation !!! _keeps staring at you^
all the kid had to do was be an adult and talk with the school. You can think your faux outrage had something to do w it tho
I love my love muffin.
S. Jackson 's team building workshop was A1. already learning new things.
#HowAboutWe just wait for now
Your like a bitch with no ass you ain't got shit
i see on youre bio youre no longer a Social Media Wizard, you are just a Social Media Intern now, practicing black magic huh
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH. this proves that I need to go to bed .. Awkward .. Time to delete that tweet ;)
I think tanking is way worse than what Lawrie did.
My son has a soccer game today!
OMG!! i hope i can go ill have to beg if i cant ill be so sad</3 will he ever come to Boston??
hey I follow u now beautiful, please follow back!?
bout damn time
How about finding an article or piece of news that interests you, something you want to comment on?
Holy shit, Bradley Whitford & Pete from The League's love child sounds like Jim Nantz
Seeing tomorrow. Waited over 6 years to see/meet them. Hope I don't cry :P
Falling asleep waiting for joey to call
Apparently dressing like a lesbian is the new style for girls.
Awesome start to the morning when I find out one of my childhood heroes retweeted me
Now That I Am Older I don't care where my spouse goes, just as long as I don't haveto go along.
Marine Lance Corporal Zach Smith, 19, of Hornell was killed while serving our country in Afghanistan.
Gotta love the text mesagges i wakeup to
RT More for the falls arts preview: RT : Arcimboldo Exhibit at National Gallery of Art East Building
Lord, help me. This line is long as eff.
Herman Cain is a hot mess
#Cancers are very responsible, cautious and capable of doing their job up to the mark. They are all about themselves.
Gym+sweat - stress-anxiety = relief
no I'm not interesting enough to blog and you know I've never been shy about talking to you directly.
bahahaha. sweet girl! that girl is a slutty bitch. geeze.
Apparently the #Broncos did enough Tebowing for Manning!
You bet. They were delicious.
Deadline to apply for the 2012 Southwestern Black Student Leadership Conference is today @ 5pm. Turn Apps in the Student Leadership Center
I like him. He makes me laugh. Just analyzing it all in my head now lol.
BRICKTOWN BAR CRAWL THURSDAY FROM EDMOND OR NORMAN FOR $15 EACH! Contact us for special pick-ups of 10 or more passengers. 405.447.2446
RT : #FF & pledge to drive distraction free!
hahaha, funny guy, why the hell not I'll even get ya premium parking... :-)
Horny hour just started 1/2 off all drinks all night. 2011 s. 1street
RT : Best quote on walk-ons from "if you get a scholarship out of high school it proves u can play HSl fball
Happy Reading Day, undergrads! Enjoy your day off from classes, but try to get some studying in, too. ;-)
I am not pregnant.
I love skyes vagina.
It's geared to tip it. I prefer print, but the costs of ebooks are intentionally lower, so print suffers.
tomorrow.. 3 point shootout at chelsea piers against called by We spot you 15 points!
R.I.P. Gary Carter
Everyday is a great day to aim for more in your life :)....
Just had revelation in Macys JrDept fit. room that I'm a grown ass woman & there's a reason why GAW shouldn't wear clothes made 4 13 y/o's.
Darling, maybe it's the same restaurant?! ;)
wine or hot cocoa and baileys? That's what I am trying to decide between!
the cuban coffee down there is amazing...have a cup for me :)
Turkey Burger sliders :) 4 #ppv each #weightwatchers That's what's on my plate! #health Making major changes to the life I'm livin'
Im Still Super Hype On How Follows Me!!!!
your wedding was beautiful! I cried<3 you looked stunning. And everything looked amazing!
There's a chapter of the new book on GRRM's website. It doesn't help much, but it is a bit more.
can't wait to have a dance party witchu fools. I MISS YOU ALL.
Old testament. Definitely one of my favorite classes. And Tuesday is one of my favorite days. =D it all works out. Lol
Glad you liked, Peter. :-)
when are you going to run sattillites for the 10k showdown in Hollywood?
I'm a software engineer who sunburns easily and watches a lot of TV. I think indoorsy is an understatement. :-)
How did I miss you? I do miss you. Glad you liked them.
it's also new moon in tours ... a month of healing it ends on May 21.
#Spurs up 14pts
cant get her off my mind
your welcome! hope you having a Happy New Year as well!
my head hurt...i feel like im gettin high blood pressure
theyre such cool guys and great musicians! i met them too haha i ran into them at 6 flags.
Market Leader Launches Comprehensive Best Practices and Education Program to Help Real Estate Customers Accelerate ...
Thanks, we try! :)
Looking forward to tonight's #RachelZoe Project, but I don't know why.
Excellent point. More time has not proven to help in the last eight instances.
omg it IS my birthday this week, Friday to be exact.
This movie Christine on amc is so good
whats wrong pal =(
Da weekend almost here.
Ha, no worries. I saw you leave just had to give you some grief.
Easy compadrae! If you want to throw down fisticuffs, fine. Ive got and waiting for ya, right here.
Scandal can be TIVOed.
Wow! This codeine is unbelievable.....
Going thru the 13 steps I'm stuck I'n anger & denial!
whenn my hand made contact with your ass ;) hahaha
Never mistake activity for achievement.
communicationenhanced, social interactions advance, a Thumball celebration...come join the conversation! www.thumball.com
sure thats what they all say. nosa im just joking with you Lol
These niggas did NOT tell me if im spose 2 be going 2 da club w them or not today
It's crazy seeing the little ones growing up taking the wrong paths you didn't take... #reflections of what would've been
Listen, coordinate things with , I don't have much patience
ed: that goal was bc of Semin!
Bghnymjufvr im so tiredd ... And i still have to be in school for another 4 hours...
Geographical arguments about Kathy Acker, why not.
if you're on your profile page, try clicking the little world icon and you should be able to see your cities on a map
Woo Woo .... #nyr vs #devils ...rangers vs kings Stanley cup finals!!!
All good. Our clients just want green, understated, and socially responsible
Does anyone know anything about Dr. joel furhman who is selling this 3step health system?! Scam or legit?!
Amen! RT Finally, a great idea: Dont fence in the beer gardens!
at Whole Foods in Hillcrest at 7th & Univ today 10am-4pm. Visit booth & sign up free registration & 30 mins free drive time.
also agreed. And he's sexy. Rawr
I'd rather show u y dey hate me den tell u bout my hataz ANYDAY....#QueenTalk!!!
I'm in a hot wheel
#www.gwclaw.com Put Illinois largest personal injury and workers' compensation law firm to work for you.
A post is forthcoming about trash strewn across the city, let us know about any garbage in public spaces
If it was up to me, youd be with me right now, in my bed, me holding you, kissing you and never letting you go."
thx for sharing. gorgeous works of architecture!
#MINDBLOWN RT : #KnowledgeOfTheDay If you Google "Ghetto" it's a place not a state of mind. Thank you Tenisha
hmm. it's working fine. you on phone? If so i haven't done the phone app yet.
No dinner for me. I ate all the grapes.-andrew pytlik
passed 2 people on my walk to campus this morning.
I need more followers lol big sis help me out lol
pocket frog ate my week
I can tell you a hough by the pose in your avi
Ah, the first late train of the #nerdtrain trip. And it's the last train of the trip, scheduled to arrive to 1:30 AM back in DC.
lol i could tell!!! i even said to myself "she must be in the RT complaing stuff mood." lol
Orlando, FL from $469* INCLUDES 3 nights,Walt Disney World® Dolphin. FEATURES shuttle to Walt Disney World®, Sea World® & Universal...
Lol watching ABDC just can't help saying YEAHH Buddy
If I had your voice, I never would talk again. I would sing everything!
It was Tom's ONLY steady job, he was the assistant worship leader and David wrote and amazing letter of recom. for us!
how was the big OKC ?!
ANTM study break
Chillin at my friend's house getting my sip on. This mane house is so freaking huge and beautiful. Just gorgeous!
she of course wants to go out drinking instead. I just reminded her that she's 18 with no fake ID.But she is 21 with heels on
Glad you and you're family were safe through that. Could you hear the tornado?
prepping 4 a staff dev session on teachers using twitter. Whole campus reading your book & moving forward! Great job!
Have to watch out for those babies, you never know when one will pull a gun.
tonights episode was SICK!!!! Finally a great episode.. What about Jasons visitor?!? OMG! What the F is Arlene going to do?
TGIF & thank you fantastic new followers (hey girl!)
WHAT! going tubing without us!?!?
Kick ass, Michael! Hope to see you on Sunday!
Not everyone who accesses you sees you on TV. Still think it've been better to have SATURDAY in header of the page.
I saw you today!
Pride and Prejudice, the Web Diary Edition - TIME
thinking that there should be a girls night soon
I feel like sometimes I have no one and no body cares about me.
you should do a duet with your sisters !!!!!!! <3
Social Media Lab : Killer Content series. Stories and videos rule.
haha! Thanks to Ivan for zooming in!!!!
New Orleans bound to cheer on the CATS!!
we just sang happy birthday to you& you didn't wake up lol love you pretty girl :) hope you have a great day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
connecting the Mac to the tv with a VGA blew the tv! #techhelp #pleasehelp!
Thanks for the retweet! I guess you can tell I don't twitter as much as I FB!
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
"...don't screw it up, Nathan." *Nathan proceeds to screw it up*
Want your high school games broadcasted?! Contact us at today!
was so easy!
"Seven days without laughter makes one weak." -Mort Walker
but they lost!! Haha!
Peanut butter burger? For reals?
What do you mean Mike isn't Monette's secret love-child? WTF! I totally read in a comic I can't be arsed to find now!
Thanks for the follow ;)
While i am definitely a wine & vodka girl (although not together lol), i really enjoyed our Tequila 101 tasting!
CFers, have any of you gotten migraines while on IV antibiotics?
Yeah I always wondered that
let's see. rode in a limo for the first time partied all the way to the hotel. shopping then catching a plane home tomorrow. life's good. :)
nice. I have some stuff to play you... Ever heard of KING? ()
Here's to Rockin' in the rain festival
I know, I know. It was either coffee or dairy . It was a difficult decision, but in the end I think I did the right thing
Take long enough to be safe :) RT : Car repair this morning for hubby- hope it does not take long!
Descern your relationship, some relationshipships are seasonal ans some are for a lifetime!
www.miamiherald.com/2010/10/23/1887752/body-of-missing-kayaker-found.html -- Body of missing kayaker found off Cocoa Beach
I love Austin more than a fat kid loves cake. seriously though
I should upload this mad ass Bitch; lmbo that would be mean though
I clicked on the link but there's an internal error. Thought you'd want to know
Gingrich, Romney on Dream Act: No citizenship if you go to college, yes if you join the military. Read books? Fuck you! Shoot well? Welcome!
Maybe you need a creme brulee beignet eating contest,too.
Working for you!!
More Love, More Power, More of You in my Life
Having to force myself from reading all the 1D Facts...
Thanks for the follow Kevin! Hope you are well
Haha, That Made My Day! .x
Grigoriy Burtayev - "Every Adam and Eve had own Glory and Happiness, behind their fails, under the Tree.."
HAHA! I had my new one for a month now. All my other ones get screwed up! It sucks!
Risk Revival is probably one of the most underrated indie records of all time. Existence & Rejoinder are my favorite songs of that year.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - can establish what role each spouse has in a business now or in the future.
Anybody know ifPerkins School for the Blind and/or Boston Anthanaeum are on here? I'm having trouble finding both.
Exciting find: #homemovies of #Omaha, Neb. African American community residents & activities, late 1930s-early 1940s. Soon to be online!
#CeNation come check out the new pics (:
kobe meet leonard lol <3 it
#FowlerCanFly damn still has that speed we all love!
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
I have an idea: for National Teacher Appreciation Week could folks just hold it together. i don't need dinner, just a lower level of chaos
excuse me, what?
Did anyone else feel that #earthquake ?? Nothing like a little wake up to start your week!
guessing 3 hours sleep before Accessibility Camp DC will have to do. See you all at MLK library. 901 G St NW, Room 215.
Back out on the #Bricks at 6:38 with some cooler weather today, but warmer weather soon!
Free ticket to Wilco? Don't mind if I do.
Green , sticky, breath taking...
Exercise is so painful after one month of just sitting in front of a computer. I need to find a way to exercise while working. Any ideas?
thanks for the shout out. Looking forward to seeing u and everyone at the Milwaukee junction entrepreneur week!
This isn't the right context, but "true knowledge exists in knowing u know nothing.." leggo
ok wow so being called "Butter" and or "country crock" is a huge complement!...
had a great conversation over the phone with a really nice friend...
You should expand your news sources beyond the RW echo chamber.
If you are following shout out the twitter for all fans and athletes to follow
Which means I'm one degree and 25 years of accomplishment away from having The Anfield Road End named after me.
Ariel Investment's Mellody Hobson: Why Patience and Diversity Lead to Better ...
wow, congrats on your win. I know that you must work hard for those moments of glory!
New Bizarre magazine has a suspension article by featuring me, and lots more! go check it out!
Wtf is wrong with my phone rite now..
I did! Thanks for having dinner with me!!:)
#PutHoeInTheTitle JLo- My Hoes Don't Cost A Thing
agreed, it's just a matter of time.
Crystal Castles in about 90 min. Suuns up first at the Roseland. Let's do this.
its the age of the aquarian.. im an aquarius.. its crazy
Twitter always comes first!!!!! Hell yeah!!!
for my organization, the digital native isn't a myth it's the future. Engage and involve the future!
Sometimes marketing is a real pain.
A Saison's effervescence will clean the palate of the cheese sauce,while its spice notes offer the dish a depth.
In 2 years :) RT : The fact that ima be graduating next year>>>>
You'll HATE us if you like over paying and bad customer service. Let us show you what a real contractor should be like.
numero uno: you're a douche for starting to watch #arresteddevelopment now. numero dos: that's my favorite quote.
Well hello San Francisco. It's been too long!
happy birthday STUD.
love your texts
rest test
Dude, these are great! Thanks so much for sharing! :)
gotta make a decision after i graduate high school on what ima do
Congratulations to them! Could we please post that photo on our site?
Thank you sweetie! I hope all is well with you in NYC!
Going to my cousins birthday party today! :D
Wow, Beautiful as usual!! I'll check in with you after the 24th! Thank you!! They are going to love it!
Thrilled to have you guys here. Just got a look at the eco scooter! So very cool.
Vegan Prawns are just a vehicle for cocktail sauce. But, I guess that's okay.
kevin hart a funny lil dude lol
We are off and running! First meeting yesterday on creating a space museum in the Carolinas!
"Shake that ass Watch ur self Shake that ass Show them Wat ur workin with" -kelly,13 Lmfao! Cause she is sexy and we all know it
Ugh, #House. My faith in TV characters' humanity is dashed. I "lobed" them! :'(
My life has never been more student-centered.Online meetings ,11pm,12am, etc. Life for tech-based #Qual researchers. But it is worth it!
Santa Monica Pier for the day!
so rude.
I growled at my kids this morning as I passed them their bowls of cereal.
Stop supporting #SOPA !!!
that's a mouth watering tweet.
. follow on twitter people with 1:1 classrooms and get involved in the discussion. I have learned most of what I know from my PLN
I spent $83 on groceries today. But in my defense, I really wanted that diet Hansens.
RT The FBI has arrested a man who allegedly hacked dozens of Hollywood celebrities, including Scarlett Johansson.
daryldorsey.com is about to take off to help you move forward!
here comes the heat again :-(
<U+263A>Life is full of frustrations and challenges- but eventually you find a dress you like.
ur my go to man for anything tech savvy etc. sitting w/ u for 2 minutes I learn a million things lol
now that's an idea worth considering
why is no one talking about how the "payroll tax cut" confirms the notion that the social security lockbox is a lie?
Dem's: stop demagoging entitlement reform and scaring people with ridiculous ads showing granny pushed off a cliff. We need a conversation.
I think we should release him, where has he been all season!! get in Del Piero if SAF needs someone with experience..
Re: Hair question. Two votes for it's rude/impolite, one vote for it's a compliment, and brings up a good point.
me too! I'll have to see what's in my queue. but first…gym time #ugh lol
I don't need a radio. Music all the time. Today woke up humming Toni Braxton's He wasn't man enuff for me. Oh the irony lol
haha oh alright. (:
I'm at the point where I'm ready to #votecthulhu2012 we don't need the lesser evil anymore...
I met your brother and today :D <3 they are such amazing guys.
if you want to do lunch, and I will be at sandy's...
hey dom thanks for bringing Jynae.
I know! It's so great!
Nothing to do on rainy days
#BHM Fact: Today was the day the 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which abolished slavery, was adopted by the 38th Congress.
please don't!
Doing a little work on loyalists' libraries today, just for some Patriot's Day irony
So much info in last #GenieFair2012 session! Lots of records at US Citizenship & Immigration Services unavailable elsewhere.
thank you :)
because u don't say hi to me
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
Glad my gram isn't suffering anymore but man this hurts ...it's too many deaths too soon
Oh dear me. School then work then home then sleep! Tata my day is jammed packed :)
Calling all Students - We have many ad hoc temporary assignments throughout the summer, Interested? Call 01636 701702
THIS BOSTON #REDSOX #REDSOXNATION GIRL LONGS FOR HER IDIOTS...
: I like your interview process!
Done and done! Thanks.
Talked with friendly librarians and researchers about new content and features in ProQuest databases while in Manhattan.
No one wants to hang with boring people!! Show people the real you! Don't hold back !Be crazy be wacky be live be comfortable being YOU!
yeah, hopefully
Its almost here. Had some setbacks..but we never said it would be easy! Ur gonna love the new me!
Had a great day learning new things and adapting new projects. On my way to better things
new grumpymoparman vlog his view on the tiger wood speech funny @ spoofcommercials channel on youtube.
There were a dozen cupcakes in the break room here today. That helped.
First Chai, now mocha...about to get a green tea latte myself (@ Starbucks too)
Fuck, jay broke his finger, fuck
Exactly, anything is possible..lol
Maybe its just the people you know just hearing about it lmao
molly! this is adam--saw your dad, tweet to u about your chocobunny.
Emergence Capital Co-Founder Jason Green Appointed to National Venture Capital Association Board
Building studio all day with Now watching the Jersey Shore cuz its fucking dope =P
You did an amazing job!
Yeah right! :)
Biology STAAR is going to kick my white ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
“we should love, not fall in love. because everything that falls, gets broken.” - taylor swift.
#ThatOnePerson You Always See,& When You & Your "BESTFRIEND" Aren't Friends You're Like damn Why Weren't We Friends Instead
Thanks, Matt! Can't wait for this season. It's going to be a fun one!
yeah you can lol
Book publishing is 'cranking up the machine' - when is it worth it?
- Hi, we only have one cupcake bakery that has vegan, 2 flavors, absolutely inedible! I was so bummed. I am in Oklahoma City.
it is pointless to get mad about twitter. Especially if u haven't been spoke about or mentioned in a bad way. Plz refrain from that.
MARGARET at #WiFilmFest -- self-dramatizing teen girl confronts a tragedy. Sprawling, messy. So is life. Long. So is life, if we're lucky.
Let us know what you do to make money.
hmm... need a sax player this summer? It's a total long shot.. trying to come up with a scheme to be able to take my
Hahahaha been there
And we really love u tweet back. THANX!
Can't wait to see you on #DWTS Go Double D Go!
oh ok koo
face &music always calms me down!!!!!
I think knowing that you'll never mean nearly as much to a person as they mean to you is the worst feeling in the universe.
#StrickerCutStreak You can put a fork in it. Bogey, double puts him +5 with 5 to play. Awesome streak Strick!
Happy Lovers Day lookout for the gift that keeps on giving, may it not come to you.
": Yes, I do adore parsnips, too. In fact, I might like every vegetable that has a -nip in it." Me too! Roast 'em. YUM
Wife just had baby, Ford F-150 IIHS top safety pick, will wrap the truck with image of Chad riding DejaBlu and PBR logos
Start your weekend with one of over 35 whiskies or a delicious craft brew! They go great with our now-famous burgers!
sad panda!! What project? Are you on Ravelry?
and I almost forgot, HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3 I hope you have a fantastical day! woot!
Welcomr to the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV family.
Who's a part of my team?! We're taking over!!
A confused mind always procrastinates! via
Having recently taken my son there twice, I was overwhelmed with how great they are. You know Sam?
I watch cartoons... only cuz it reminds me of a simpler part of life.
I'm totally grossed out! The lady sitting nxt to me at luncheon just finished off 1/2 eaten piece cheesecake that's not hers!
I'm ready! Sock it to me!
Check our web site under music news for whats happening with some Classic stars --Baldinger
I'm glad you finally understand me.
No one is right if everybody's wrong - Buffalo Springfield
#HappyMothersDay To All Those Beautiful, And Lovely Mothers Out There, And #GoodMemories To Those Who Don't Have One
Tonight I pour 1 out 4 my hommie (plus the beer was brutal) A real Beer Legend has past today I hope to hear from u again.
i dont care.... k tweet ur number ill tweet mine who ever tweet me that they wanna text me ill reply them back... what deal
First, i love Alphas series ! I like your character in the show. You are doing a great job.I'm your fan!
good luck sir! Notre Dame nation will always cheer you on!
I'm in Denver at the #nascio conference. Looking forward to talking about #opendata with state CIOs
Me too.
Saying "okay" a million times just to get your parents to stop talking.
don't forget the four square check in for a free quesadilla :D
What I have done for even the small amount of success that I've had: WORKED HARD.
how long have you guys been touring together now omg
Ground floor retail is struggling (esp compared to upper floor businesses)
i would never thats baby right there
Smh I'm sleepy!
Now the #goldengods awards officially begins. When Jericho yells "give it up for Sixx AM," nobody claps.
Oh how I love when ppl mind their own f*ckn business!
I'm So Happy!
how's the drive going? When you gunna be back in town?
Interesting to see TWolves publically offer Love max deal. Making PR move to trade Love if he does not accept deal.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
Anyone who doesn't have the Pete and Pete soundtrack on their iPods at all time is missing out on a little thing called LIFE
Thats how you shoot
Recycled Paint the hot topic for 2011!!!!
are you joining MFD?
We hope to see all of you at ISS Long Beach. Stop by booth #1014 and say hello!
I don't think you should ever give up on your dreams.
You had a good season, #pens. I'll try to keep my depression to a minimum.
Car(e)-free day: sleep, Figaro brunch, playtime, kid's movie, laundry, bed (soon). Perfect Sunday for this kid and his mama!
i feel that a bulleted list's proper role is in the home. it's the American way.
Yes, Hollywood really makes me proud right now!
sweet dreams<3
Honestly, i cant wait to move away from my parents.
we have a brand new promotion for Summer 2011! "SAFE TANS FOR TEENS" all summer long teens that choose to get a 'safe tan' get 1/2 price!
I know...somuch going on lately! Getting easier lately ....had to chg churches to find more friendly place for Em:-/
-It takes a lot of courage to forgive someone, but it takes an even bigger amount of courage to ask for forgiveness.
All A's this six weeks :))
We give ourselves pep talks every morning! Keeps us going! Have a great day!
Oh well that's a different story then. lol
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. – Edmond Burke
yeap, my boys missed a week for a family trip to Cabo, got a letter from the school saying as much. Its all about the attendance $
“: thanks for the shout out Mr. President!”
Santa is is really sweating out the booze today...
I'm bout to send you a dm.
Even as we move relentlessly forward in time, I am contemplating becoming a tourist in my own past.
Tell her that she's pretty. Show her that she care. Be their when she needs you. Show her that you're rear.
so far not a bad weekend me and my mom we have just been chillin' at home. enjoy yourselves and please sign my petition
"What to Expect When You're Expecting" SPOILER ALERT: Inconvenience, pain, severe unpleasantness, baby.
I haven't been to the gym since Monday. I'm seriously going crazy.
Keep that pistol by me like my lovely mother.
Jaso has come through a few times this year- enough that later on he probably won't.
went to trader joes and dicks sporting good with and
Quote from outside my window: "Who takes children to see Scream 4?"
quit trying to make a pass on me
I was wishing that something interesting would happen today, and it just did! Now back to cooking dinner and driving to soccer.
Thanks for the retweets this week!
rainy day, new grill, organic home made burgers with fixins, and shopping for Oregon honey. Not a bad Monday evening.
Be jealous ! Ha, idk I think i should but i don't think I will.
Happy Tuesday Everyone! Make it a great day! "The best way out is always THROUGH." - Robert Frost
We are going to discuss what professional society publication programs will look like in the 21st century
I need to fall asleep now!!!
Whatever a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship.
and yes really
Tomorrow a fitness instructor who works out hanging from the ceiling!
What's everyone doing today for St. Patty's Day?
Thanks Jerry for the RT - so kind of you.
via chip me up, he had a significant bunch of his win bought by Micon, ouch
Why does Sir Patrick Stewart, a man who is constantly working in film and television, charge fans $200 for his autograph? Because he can?
Tonight: FREE artist talk by Nava Lubelski. She uses the art of paper quilling in her work. 7 pm. paperless' only NC artist.
- unknownThe worst prison is a closed heart.
Retail #adpeeps :: We've got some great holiday articles headin' your way 2day.
What the?? What are the odds of that happening haha
Carefree where ever we may be...
High-Five right back at ya! RT : 27 days til I land in Vegas for #DL11 - Get excited, people. Who's with me? *Vegas high-five*
I am gonna hurt you someday... Mark my words.
“ To worship yuu i live((: #Jesus ”
anyone awake in Orlando FL
That's what speed can do!
For sure. Although I decided to read it again myself. Quick read though. I'll give it to Jay one of these mornings.
I know! He has like thousands of girls bugging him (including me) but yeah haha :) he trys :) Gotta love jey
I heard from a little birdie that you are coming to Houston for Gilman. Looking forward to meeting you in person!
My bones cracking got into too many accidents. lls
Strange - tonight I feel oddly happy. Seems like every time I listen to this happens to me.
And would those coaches like her to bring them anything? Food or various sundries?
Stop what you're doing right now and follow - vote and give your fav eatery $150,000.00 makeover!
okay blood gang we in this thang young money bitch look at my chain lmfaoo
Getting ready to get on the road :)
I'll send you a picture of one since I bought two
hey how u doin
I don't get refills. One Red Bull or Latte each day and no more than three sodas, unless it's a game night.
I can handle cleaning up messes from my kids. But cleaning up messes from ex-coworkers who suck balls- not something I signed on for!!
i had basketball! -_____- I SUCK AT ANYTHING THAT HAS TO DO WITH A BALL! AHAH
They should put their backup in. Ben is getting shredded.
finally landed in pittsburgh,pa...united flight 352...delayed luggage!!! ah!
that why it's easier to be there... Drinks ballpark food atmosphere
Glad Morgan took that one. Get the guaranteed out.
I'll see what I can do. I'm not THAT desperate...yet.
wat happen im.at the movies
Rockies on the Road, Nuggets Play tommorrow....Guess i'll go to the Mammoth Game........#Denver Rules
hey stranger!! How are you?
Happiness Rule #5 - Expect less or nothing...be grateful...
“: iPhone accessories are to expensive to be that fragile..”
Our #PdPlus call w/privacy expert starts at 1 PM E.T. - Dial-in: (712) 432-0075, code: 336319. See you all there!
We're with you! RT : I'm starting a #CiteYourSources campaign.
Carl Pettersson wins RBC Heritage Carl Pettersson had another fast start and finished with a 2-under 69 for a five-shot victory over Zach
Yowee. Hit a record 118 degrees in Phoenix today. Did a seven mile run, felt like one of those rotisserie chickens in the grocery store.
That A Girl
Updating some goals.
Can't wait to see all your unmentionables! RT : Woohoo! I'll be a vendor at the ! Very excited!
I have an idea for a cutaway. J. Edgar having gay sex. Or Judy Garland smoking crack, Clinton causing 9/11. Some ideas!!!!
dnt make fun of my disablities lol howw am i typing this if i cant read omg its a miracle
If this is true, I wish the best. Great, Great Packer! Wish he could suit up for the 2012 season.
Chillin like a villain.
just curious, how much weight did Braun's pending status carry in your Brewers ranking?
I must agree! They are different and so modern, love them!
Canola. Done.
at grandmothers house going to take a walk and then go see hunger games oohh
what was the answer about Dell? They were definitely innovative back in the day
ha well if you wanna come I can list you
MT : #DC // RT : On this tax due day, remember 618K Americans are taxed without a vote on the floor of Congress.
Just confirmed with WOGX that they WILL carry the Broncos-Bears game this Sunday instead of God-awful Jags-Bucs!
: can you please help me get madison to follow me! :D i've been trying for over a year now. :(
superior online experience keeps my funds with BofA. If I were to switch, is there a way to compare alternatives based on online banking?
Thanks for the RT JB...long time no tweet!
oh no. we've returned to a Cieslak Who Is Obsessed with Cars. Public Transit Cieslak, I miss you already!
can't wait to taste it thanks. I'm trying to get to that RAW level!!! One day
Record A's turnout at Big 10 Pub turnout with 19 players/supporters out tonight. Big Ten A's fever is contagious!
Jackals are assembling at the blue wall, in anticipation of some type of a media event. Possible GOP leadership avail.
at a derby party
It's not by permission from the government that we assemble;it is by permission from the people that the government assembles.
thats fuuuuuuuuuuucked. hope he turns out ok
Eating a candy bar and listening to "Wicked Games" at my desk. Somehow this feels naughty.
I'm real! :) RT : are u real...or is this a spam twitter thing?
lovin twitter!!! thanks Abbey!!!!
....is on house arrest....ugh! Relationships...
I think you are more likely to be effective if you view students and parents as customers you want to satisfy.
if you read the hunger games and did not know Rue was black then you obviously cannot fucking read
I didn't watch sports, let alone the NBA, in the 1990s. I also happen to dislike Shaq.
Special thanks for for making me crave #tacobell while trying to concentrate on my work....
take after their dad
Last night for piano blu!!! Help them finish strong!
Crews working out in #Hartland #Pewaukee #Greenfield #Okauchee tomorrow. Keep an eye out for our #asphalt paving trucks.
New Hampshire: House panel weighs allowing liquor sales at grocery stores. Via NHBR
<U+270C>goodnight beautiful world.
": Why is everyone saying bel air is stupid? Lol" because it is. :p
Blake Nelson I'm bored
just downloaded a trial of Sales Force () and I think I'm in love! you would appreciate how excited i am!
you talked to my mom?
spending the night with .... he always knocks out first -_-
Nice to meet you and good luck with your stove. It's an excellent idea!
Juss tawk to my ex think i still wanna be wit ha but idk if she feel the same guess well see
Pedicure on lunch... Ah relaxed
@ the doctor they be taken forever
we are on the same mission! Let's touch base soon.
These boys are getting pissed though. Oops we're kicking ass <333
Why does taste so amazing? I could drink the beverage all day long.
Women thats beautiful, book smart, independent , and have big ass >>>>>
bummer. They have a good water park I guess... And free drinks!
Come Bounce with us tonight for the #NYRANGER game!!! Don't forget to wear your watch to get 15% off your meal!!!
year by year I'm looking better on my yearbook pictures lol. (x
Come to an info session Tuesday March 13th in 1121 Humanities at 7pm to learn about changes to this year’s Block Party
#ACommonEngine has advanced to the 'Break Into The Big Gig' FINALS! Saturday May 12, 9 pm, Up and Under Pub in Milwaukee - BE THERE!
Stop everything your doing and build robots!
now the Saints r gonna hit harder and hurt more just to prove they don't have to get paid to give big hits... Revenge?¿
Jerusalem I believe lol
Behind the wheel went well:D
Testing, testing 1, 2, 3. Who is seeing this? And if you are reading, reply to this question: Are You Ready for IN BIG D: 2012?!?!?
guy it's hard to not think about them or want them. It's like they have some kinda magic spell over us.
I made it home safely! Thanks for everything Aly! You're the best :)
How many Jims have you told that to before?
ODOT cam...Disabled motorcycle Sunset Hwy. EB east of the VR tunnel..Right shoulder...
This Saturday! Newmatic farewell show 9pm!
this would all be different if DeFerran had money to bring in 2010-2011....
Even though people are cuddy, I am going to remain true to who I am, bc I like me
HI KIAN. Having a god day?!
Why am I still up?
Can we ban all kids within 50 yard radius of my table at non-kid restaurants?
NFL League sources confirm that #manning will make his decision by Tuesday
It's just something about a man with drive and ambition that just turns me on... Talk NERDY to me baby lol
Before I can return your DM, you'll have to follow us. :)
Recommended to your Twitter by Deby Rourke, a good local friend. looking forward to your content!
I now know how to build a frequency communications plan for a navy strike group
I really am just ready for graduation. Please come sooner.
the fuck. this is so confusing, meow.
Everything I do.. WELL DONE
Big Brothers/Big Sisters positive influence! RT : The POWER of Mentoring! Travis! Edison HS!
Just had the best drink I've ever had. mojito-piNacolada-margarita, all blended up in minty wonderfulness. At RevoluciOn on Morgan + 27th
Pre-BlogHer Twitter party Wed. July 13th - YOU will not want to miss it!
Yes! Even after our landlord put another layer of soundproofing between our shared bedroom wall.
From one ex-pimp to the next......"Add more powder to your palm and all your problems will be gone"
free dippin dots, snow cones and cotton candy.... awesome day
Would be my pleasure. Unfortunately, didn't have proper lens 2 take all the pics I wanted. I'll forward good ones.
My son thought Thor was Clay Matthews.
And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living.
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn some other dudes boxers are under her bed lol
Saint Cyprian~ There is no salvation outside the church.
Quickbooks is making me want to poke my eyes out right now. YAY Accounting!
Google's Android OS is activating over 160,000 devices a day!
SO GLAD you got to go to the ! Sad I couldn't be with you but I'm just down the street! Now you can party!
Turn on NHL Tonight only to see Katheryn Tappen isn't hosting.
LUCKY D:
They all see Jay Gatsby. Only a few - perhaps a certain person in particular one day maybe - know James Gatz.
Happy Easter everyone, thankful to be sharing it with my family <3
says Wordpress is so easy his mom can do it and the only thing she knows how to do is check her email.
It's official. I'm addicted to my daughter. Going for the record in speed shopping for groceries so I can hurry home to her.
just found your blog! Love. best of luck on the underdog! Excited to follow your journey!
Sometimes i wish i could have that Sarah Jessica Parker sex in the city type of life style..
Feeling low and uninspired. Drinks with old friends from out of town should help, I think. #whatyoulisteningto?
Oh god he just touched my shoulder with it O_O
You betcha. These are important conversations for us all to be having.
": Standing outside watching lunar eclipse. It's amazing. Not the eclipse. The fact ..." Take any pics?
yes it does I am slowly learning how to TWEET! and more by just doing it even if I stumble and make mistakes!
- I don't really want Josh Howard. And the Mavs deal feels like we aren't getting enough for 2 of our 3 best assets.
"I`m pregnant." -Katherine Heigl "With emotion?" -Seth Rogen
Definitely. I try to quote Einstein often. So much more than relativity to learn :-) Happy New Year too!
Excited for band practice today. We have a new song we're working on and hope we can play it at tomorrow.
why did my mom just hang up on me? ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
well we all just wanna stay in touch :)
. A 4 y/o's ability to become a 5 y/o ought not depend on #BoA lending practices. #MTR & Lending to coal companies must END
“: “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.” - Leonardo Da Vinci”
I second that !! Have a safe trip guys!
What TV programming genius put Soul Train on at 8am? Nobody is ready for that much soul that early.
MusicLocalScene thanks for following me on Twitter!
---that "I just got head" smile on his face.
Thanks, this will come in handy
and the winner is... Leila Darantinao!!! Congratulations Leila, please email or pm me your mailing address. :)
RT “: Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, only what you are expecting to give.”
lol miss u too lovely! happy easter
Sweet Bird of Youth, I will get to you.
yea yea wats good doe
it's our indoor pro lacrosse team! Game is at 7- freedom hall- you can join if you'd like! We always have open seats by us...
"A moments insight is sometimes worth a life's experience." Oliver Wendell Holmes
u should probably use ur hands to drive instead lol
please follow me I ask am one of those you most want Beliebers:) please I beg please <U+2665>
S/O to & for being #adorable <U+2764>
Gryphon Hard Rock 2nite! Major G.A.U.G.E. list. NFL players hosting Signature Models party! DM me names + hw many 4 free entry n drinks
ugh, miserable!! :( haha
3 gigs later. Done.
Opening night for Adult Rec League. Prime Rush drops in 7 hours.
Making a change for the better. Gluten free from now on. Does Chick-Fil-A have gluten?
The Wedding will be exciting after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
damn alright
Returning to Bartok, Berio, Rossini transcriptions for concerts with D Stoltzman later this month. Always a new adventure and many changes!
Came home from work only to learn won. *fistpump* Such an exciting final note to end my day.
My past is blocked off so now i only see the future.
"I don't wanna go to court, got a budget for the lawyer doe huh" lol
UR playing right?
This year sucked anyway
heading out to the Rose Garden to participate in Scratch-It for Schools. We're excited to meet the students from West Powellhurst ES!
Thx for the follow!
Well I suppose men think different than women :)
“Success is dependent on effort.”~Sophocles
Your Welcome! You have a really cool Bio! I like your portraits of pets.
thanks for the follow! Im a big fan!
Up at Fitz for some interviews before the CD release party! Come join the fun tonight!
thank ya. Still destroying in DC? How's book 2?
Wait...a +K doesn't help my score? BOO! :) I need to get Beiber numbers!!!
you watch FNL? We are obsessing over Tim Riggins together for sure.
I was hiding behind the camera.
Your mistakes should be your motivation, not your excuses. via
The truth hurts, but it don't kill. Lies may please, but they don't heal
Fabulous, love the "monochromatic" suggestion and of course the mug of love, java! Hugs!
<--- another one of my fav rappers
congrats dude
The will to believe is perhaps the most powerful, but certainly the most dangerous human attribute.
- Simba, all that you see before you will be yours. :)
if you gotta get on your tip toes to kiss me
Great article on minimalist running: The Once and Future Way to Run by in the
I saved Mufasa in my dream you guys!!!!! :,)
quicker than you think<U+E057>!! But a bit nervous on the side too. Lol
welp ya gotta go on your own on this one kid, we were only planning on staying one night.
Was in Oregon in Nov and had a great time at
shush you flyweight kid
April 21st were playing in #losangeles be there!
House-Obsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
Dolce & Banana
I have an asian woman taxi driver...not to stereotype or anything but the odds are not in my favor. #1stTimeIve EverWornASeatbeltInATaxi
2DAYS TiP: Try to consciously see the beauty in everyone & everything & do not resist the feeling you get when u do
yes lol AW your so sweet! Glad you liked it!
This drama between LA and N.O over is justified by both sides; CP3 wants to go and Stern is trying to keep the league talent balanced.
math equation more FA = less success.
Lotus Flower Bomb on Replay
Thanks for following me back. I love your music.
what's good My nikka
Everything is determined and will remain so until we reveal that determinism to ourselves. That provides our way to a love supreme.
I like that plan... do you know where the vacuum is? Or how to turn it on? ;)
Maybe. I have a busy day, so we'll see,
So, while I gave up the notions of publishing at that time,I never stopped editing & refining that book--R.A.Salvatore
Had to stop for gas, put air in her tires, and still had to stop at bank to hand cash over to said teenage daughters..
Thanks for the follow. I will try to be a part of this when I can. Am a bit behind right now.
can I please get the #nuggets shooting coach on retainer
Hear Dennis Rodman’s tear-filled Hall of Fame speech on HuffPost.com. Definitely respected as a player; now perhaps respected as a man.
Running out if tix. Good problems?
Tigers lose 17-3 to Texas State. Next game is tomorrow at 1pm at Trinity University.
she is ok. thanks ..doing much better since the orange are playing ball now.
aww man! I missed happy hour?
Succumbed to Hootsuite's iPhone charms....
The human species and I were not meant to coexist today.
The X-Factor sucks, plain and simple. Didn't watch a full show the entire season. Brings nothing new to TV.
Plus the power of the beard defies your constraints
in Hudson Valley for the holiday. Headed home sweet tomorrow.
Wow, that's really sweet!
People these days are soo rude!! But it's ok
Welcome To Brazil AGAIN Demi
I see you ! Pimp game too strong lmao
In Austin for ? Come visit the museum #Latino Art #Museums #local artists!
We will see with Stoglin. Mike Jones was a good shooter too, but Gary only gave him the yellow light...Stoglin has the full green!
This Napoleon Dynamite Cartoon sucks! It tries to hard to be funny.
the new movie "drive" looks like a complete ripoff of the transporter
sounds like we are living the same life..
i love sweaty cock in my bumhole expeshially green knobx
Amazing at the street skills we are sometimes forced to use at home! Being an EMT-A has paid back many times.
your packing already?
I dont get why we insist on going down early vs. this team
At the location where modern architecture died
Damn everyone agree with me about breaks huh
Am I the only one who really doesn't care about Donald Driver and DWTS? The media coverage is giving me nausea.
Looking forward to joining of LA Times & Greg Andrews of IBJ for panel gabfest today on investigative biz journalism.
This phrase has been on my mind for days now... "If not now, when.... If not you, who?" Thx
Excited to bring music to patients with tomorrow
Top o th mornin to y'all! I hope you all have a wonderful st. Patrick's day!! :)
I wish the #transit meeting for Southeast #Michigan was not during business hours. Would have attended too.
George #Zimmerman has likely never lived as a #Hispanic until now...satisfied 2 B passing he now wants to claim allegiance 2 his victim
The Women's Basketball game vs. Loyola Saturday will now tip-off at 5 p.m., one hour earlier than previously scheduled
U 3 legged dog crazy RT I know thinks I have issues.... lol... I don't tho. I'm slick serious... Sometimes
Great!!! I'll be there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#truth, but who wants ugly.....in personality?
I love "clumsy thumbsy"
QUOTES: Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. _Voltaire
That's somehow both amazingly temptingly delicious sounding and totally gross! Love it!
Some ppl really don't have standards anymore. It's sickening.
maybe im too stupid to realize how the world should be...
Aw, shucks.
Deb, sorry I didn't see you at AWP - saw John at the table - hope you had fun!
RT LOL : RT : Okay, here and ready to talk turkey :)
Wow El Dorado, I'm disappointed. We have a stupid ass motto.
Christmas parade 2day
Hey , it was only 10 yrs ago we took our talents 2 the turf of Camp Randall!
Could technology bridge financial problems in public #schools?Which #tech companies u recommend?let us know
Come hear Offering at the Carytown Watermelon Festival! This Sunday, 2-3 pm, corner of Shephard and West Cary in Carytown.
I love Camilla
Hometown shoutout (Whole Foods Roseville); thrilled to send friends/family to checkout the interactive touch Customer Comment Board!
By the way if you ever want more playtesters for games let me know :-)
Back home w & our guests Having ourselves a little wine.
absolutely - very elegant!
sorry to miss u girlie!
Screamed 'that's a wrap' with Liam, Dwayne & Dito, then went running to the pool with every1 & now I'm sunning with paparazzi around.
pretty much. Messi is sad
Audition Sunday yay!
Good Morning Twitter!!!
its okayy :) i dont think he ever mentioned it
Oh halloween...joy of children...nightmare for parents
This is usually the part where people scream <3
Looks great -- thanks for posting the photos.
Real talk
Bout to smash on some Butterfinger ice cream n see who I can chill wit today
heeyy hey heyy its fatt albert hehehe your not fat i was kidding<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
when do the 2012 calendars arrive?
lol what i laugh as in support.
What are you doing this Saturday? Come to the Badass Business Women Anniversary Party. We work hard, but we play harder!...
Hufflepuff represent! Let's all do things pretty darn well!
don't bother with these 2. Like pounding your head against a wall
Finally got enough survey responses for my research study. Now the fun part begins: statistical analysis.
Medicinal Mushrooms (Herbs and Health Series)
That's a long bus ride home MT #1 Men's Lacrosse defeated Towson 10-3 tonight to move on to the CAA Final game.
I blame movies for my high expectations in relationships <<<<
If the win the NLCS we are giving away an 18 1/2" Weber Kettle Charcoal Grill. Re-tweet and follow to enter!!!
And my day just got better when i came to lacrosse to find out we'll be getting pizza delivered and having a karaoke contest. Yes
I scored a used copy of Hotel Dusk for the DS and I CANNOT put it down! Can you recommend any other cool games for the DS? -JJ
GOODMORNING AND MANY BLESSINGS SHEREE, GET YOUR WORK OUT ON.
First day of our awesome new Ballet Fit class! Come show our new instructor some support 6pm.
Got my MacBook in the mail today!i<U+E345> finally switched 2Mac. Setting it up now.
5 year old still not getting that I have no incentive to get off couch & open her cookies. She is going to be a terrible hostage negotiator.
you rocked the house tonight! We had a blast! All the better that was Utah!
Dinner finished now bed time work flow tonight
"'urban equestrienne' = you look like a douchebag" (is not what I told myself after getting dressed this morning!)
Omq..... That pic of him,and That little qirl is SO cute!.. That's nuce of him to care Bout people,...... :)
Dame Edna Everage gets diet tips from Mel B as she's unveiled as new face of ... - Daily Mail
As a child, I thought 11/11/11 would be the luckiest day I'd ever have. As an adult, I know even better - I should double down.
“: I still hate Jack Co regardless of where the K is :)” sounds like a KU answer!
Passed my first boating lesson.
Coming home to rain is not what's up. Im such a flight risk this stage of life...
I am disgusted that Rodney King has yet to receive an apology or something but people wanted an apology from those in the LA riots. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
wonderful day. first time I've gotten to play since in Bucharest, and we have a show tomorrow night!
tiger blood.
haha happy birthday buddy
Thoughts go out to the family and friends of Adam Yauch. Beastie Boys forever.
lol, I wouldn't be braggin' about Missouri too much down here.
haha. sounds fun! c: ohh, stop it! you're perfect!<3.
A dude say baby let me holla at you? Black Girl say : boy bye yo dirty ass White Girl say :What a wanster
Freakin excited to watch The Pauly D Project tonight. "Yeah Buddy" - Pauly D #PaulyDpregame <3
On my way to my first soccer practice in... 10+ years? So going to get my butt kicked.
Do you know what one thing you should never say if you want to sell your home on your own? Call 702-245-7227 to find out.
Sounds good. I've already recruited a colleague to head up to Looking forward to it!
Today, will release great new analysis of iTunes app store educ section - target age, price, more.
Need Female Reps this Weekend at Kansas Motor Speedway Sat-Sun. Email ASAP with your info!
I am trying to understand your VimeoDotNet code ... it is awesome! I hae an ap that many users will use to upload to 1 acct..
and you understand? Lol
in such a bad mood today !
Chris brown<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Not really besides working RT : lol awww poor ting!! But do you do anything physically to counteract it?
Knocked tht ass out in round one.
Poor September...
Slicing a warm slab of bacon is a lot like giving a ferret a shave. No matter how careful you are, somebody's going to get hurt. -AB
Two great Uber rides while in LA. Congrats on the expansion
Traffic Directions and Information is SYNC's subscription service which provides in-vehicle traffic reports and directions
Why are there so many haters get your weight up then holla at me.Bitch
Putting together NSF application, any suggestions for sources / books with clear "innovation process" steps?
Want the key to a happy marriage? Why giving your all to your spouse...isn't always a good thing. On Your Side, at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
Get Paid To Download Music - By simply spending $1 to download a song you get a slice of that musician's pie and support their passion.
life is a b*tch and money her sister
thanks for spreading the love, julian! :)
Thank you for all of your support and for what you do for Portland as well!
Feel better, Kim! Not my best weekend, either. Hoping I get infused with some holiday cheer + energy.
they have I in Crete! Come check it out!
For the minister RT : On a headstand RT : #3WordsOfAdvice pop that p*$$y
When every single little thing reminds you of a certain person....ok.
Finally done with my power point, now 3 more papers to write due thurs & fri. Help Lawd!
I no longer drink... :-( I'd prefer a real one.
Happy Valentines to me !
Yes, how can we make it happen?
#DBLsocial parking at the Hallman Lindsey lot or driveway to the lot. various street locations maybe.
what movie??
I luv field trips to the MOVIES!! Oh so we rant going to the MOVIES...THAT BULL S***
hope you're having a good day
The article is really announcing a 300 page concensus framework on how to improve science ed -- which is the real news.
Both iphone and ipad need charging but I only have 1 plug/cord.
It takes all types of people to make up the world, it's not my place to impose my beliefs or opinions onto others.
mines too lol
Worst. Airport. In. The. World. F. M. L. #O'Hare
RT & Follow to Win 2 Nintendo Wii Consoles, a Kinect Xbox 360, or a PS3 Move Console!
I cried before every swimming event, picked dandelions on the soccer fields and feared the baseball yet she came to every game
:: What a great day, ! Not quite the 10 we had yesterday... But a solid 8.5
Check out my little brother on VS. right now! He won the round last night with an AWESOME ride! Definitely could win this event! PBR on VS.
The Ballad of Gilgamesh
yes-I may set up at state st and old world 3rd this weekend thanks
You're my idol and the work gives me good experience, too. :)
Well by your pic it's all the time!
Heading to austin for
Our hearts go out to the victims and their families of the #terrorist attack in #Oslo based on #religious and #cultural superiority.
Why don't you reporters do some real reporting and investigate why Federal Funds aren't going to schools but kept by LAUSD
Happy birthday ! (:
Hey buddy, how's it going songs?
Children seem to have settled in for the night. All's quiet. Maybe they're plotting my end. At least I won't fret my novel.
Lots of petty crime, but also corruption, tourists stand out...photog equip etc. If you are with an org., they will care for u
Heading to church to get a piece of ash.
For my view point I'd call it ”Invigerating”. The Glass is half full;-)
Thanks man. But, speak for yourself buddy, you're super cute.
"its raining!".... no its the freaking Apocalypse -_____-
Gosh I have bored from these msgs!what the....
: no you might've eaten me!
The West is Killing!!! Kobe for MVP
I think tears.
attention all real (street) niggas be at erotic tonight
you just tweet too much! Oh and did you get my text?
Sweet view at the "Your friends or mine?" session at The Chicago Tribune.
Eating a taco salad from Whole Foods to honor Cinco de Mayo. The black beans make it *extra* authentic. ;-)
We're celebrating 30 yrs n the biz on 11.1.11! We hope u can make it! Big FIESTA planned 4 the whole day w/ lots o specials!
Thank you for the follow! Great to join you here on Twitter.
Almost vacation time!
i'm ready FOR you!!! Take your big tool and show me How a man really Fucks!!! I want your baby batter all up in me!!
just set up my personal magazine and think it could be a nice addition to my Personal Learning Environment #PLE will see how it learns
Aw, they're just like a perfect couple.
I would imagine that is the situation. I wasn't aware of what they were calling it on the ballot.
Turkey also has some of the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I might come back married
awww those are bad. do you have anything for it?
Never been so proud of my state, way to go New York, you did the right thing!
ME TOO!
that's awesome :) I was just talking about that with my sister.
us Verizon folk don't see the need for talk and surf ;) CC
los angeles angels of anaheim of orange county in southern california of california of the united states.
As my mother used to say, "don't waste the pretty". Take pics today...use them forever.
International is my song I juss wish had a longer part but It was was Gud tho...
Thanks! I need it. First impression, not hopeful. :(
No.7 Lehigh and unseeded Maryland meet in first round of NCAA Men's Lax Tourney. , , Thoughts?
good! it was $$$! lol RT: Your back page menu in the cheap eats made me hungry.
looking forward to seeing you tonight !
Heard you were in Austin. We're playing a few parties down here if you want to get on stage with us again.
--my dad came home. *laughs*
penguin!!! I miss you to
Phillies fan to death but love get better beardo,
hi daughter hope your doing well
Nothin' like some fresh merchandise. I hope you guys like buttons.
thanks for the update. I like your airport updates and do not look forward to my Wed departure.
sup dude, long time
Yikes! Ill have to read this....
Looking at soul eater and fixing some thing to eat
Agree with 's piece calling for real digital scholarship. NINES has played a supporting role, hopes to help others innovate.
I would be going armed and loaded with off spray if I were you!!
Gudd Shidd Bra...Keep It Up
of course! The nice thing about twitter is u don't have 2 ask....just follow! Welcome!
shit hell yea
truth go hurt you
“: Hey ! More like Pey-DONE Manning, am I right?” Did he get the boot?!?
Kerney, your going down.
get you a nice peace of red velvet cake
Me too! If only biz gets launched by a wave of the wand....
about to go to church(: Christmas in 2 days<3
When life hands you lemons, squeeze them in someone's eyes then RUN LIKE HELL lol
well we still love u
I can't say I "regret" dinner, per se...but I can say, I could've eaten it a little slower, and maybe not every last bite. :) oy.
Thank you so much! Congrats to ALL of the finalists
#Thrifting is an addiction... :) RT : My parents just spent $90 at Goodwill
but of course <3
yeah buddy make me proud :)
no problem my friend. Let me know. Can't wait!
I think the Yankees forgot the national anthem today...we got God Bless America instead. So confused.
My baby brother fell asleep holding my hair lol what is this
Correction: Bus still leaving SF City Hall at 6am, but going to Larkspur Ferry Landing for solidarity action.
George Hill
Thank you for the RT!
how does it feel knowing you can finally block for someone that can actually hit holes and be productive?
I look like a hooker with my costume makeup on
Getting ready for today's Law Week Action Line - please call into KHON2 from 11AM - 1PM today for legal information regarding employment la…
Singing Call Me Maybe to a really hot guy, who we'll never have a chance with.
My fridge has salsa, hummus, & GUINNESS...it is moving day & St. Patrick's Day after all...I'd say I'm prepared.
I finally rembed a song that you need to play for your landlord- Joe Walsh, Life's Been Good. Since I assume the hotel is on him
Lady walking lamas (sp) on alameda. They looked happy
my follow button is feeling sad, if you just poke him, he'll feel better(;
Red Box Music Academy
At Runyon w/ don't call us, we won't answer for the next hour. Peace
A recent survey by the Hoverson group: Webinars are one of the most effective strategies to create wealth online
ROBOT CHICKEN!
Security is mostly superstition... Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. We may affirm that nothing great in the world has been...
looking for IT procedures/rules for working with DH scholars. Dean wants sample policies for new VCU Humanities Center.
i wonder where might be..? i got the candy!! #yeeeaahh!
LMAO! I don't think so! =P
lol...try a month a times:( sucks!
What happens Wednesday??!?! "Terrible People", the web show, goes live!!
i landed this morning
sounds fun! Email me details when you have them.
yeah I know
following engaging thoughtful presentation, the mental models of "can't" surface quickly - we can learn from our questions too
males are very bad at multi-tasking...
arvo2010: Leveraging Phase II Study Data to Effectively Select Primary Endpoints and Sample Size for a Phase I... - Tammy Hsu, May 6, D898
where we going
#1DVEVO I deserve the poster because I will never meet the boys so just a simple poster would make my life. Please(':
that's why I fucks w ya! Haha. Where vid shoot at?
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense
when you get time send me those pics of us please :)
Congratulations! What a happy occasion! :)
hell yea it is <3
add me on Facebook plz
Really excited for a 6 hour flight full of new music!!
"The Rocky Horror Picture Show," @ Museum Lichtspiele in Munich. They have shown it every day without fail since Sept. 19, 1976.
Finally having the coffee I made this morning.
Im all in, till the coffin
remember when websites were single 5 page basic sites with some animated gifs...oh where we have come from :)
Happy anniversary to me! i've been living in san diego for a whole year!
you get a new number bro?
I was just shhhh'ed by a child patron on the other side of the desk "It's a library" she said.
RT : The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Edmund Burke
going to #UTDallas today to get classes straightened out. so convoluted. is it too much to encourage students success? hate the
Ok so I'm totally going to go see #TheVow tonight probably cry my eyes out! Has anyone seen it yet? Thoughts?
Great quote: “Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.” Earl Wilson
did you know? Despite my deep roots here I'm not a Ravens fan.
yes I can! Lol
; squeaky ass chairs.. smmfh.
2nd Body Count album/ICE-T singing through a pitch shifter apreesh.
the booth is looking good. Make sure to stop by their booth and see their deals.
The Twenty Won Sunday RT : gota name an ice cream sundae tomorrow at ghirardelli square tomorrow... any ideas???
At the end of two, #Badgers extend their lead to 4-1 over Boston College
Monday again? Stay tuned! Be positive!
Perfection! You are a blessed girl indeed. xoxo
Please share our page with your friends and family!
AWOL isnt the word for me, but come to Baohaus, cuz I seem to be living there. (137 Rivington 4-11pm)
Classy move by the #Cubs. RT : Ryan Dempster presents Chipper Jones with #Braves flag which flies outside Wrigley.
Bout to eat some pizza
RT : UM 2012 team lookin reeeeeeealll good for this upcoming season boy
Thank you!!
My sunroof would break today
Now David is almost caught up again/ we did make him go to the park w us though
I'm obsessed with post-its...they bring out the passive aggressive in me....
"Id say my greatest strengths are all my single lady Divas!! And my weakness..... Godiva chocolate martinis." -me in a job interview
such a beautiful day today we cleaned up our patio & had a nice lunch outside! Spicy spam in stir-fry ramen!
RT : Oral History Follow Friday!
Thank God For Another Day...Thats Cool
Come by on your way OUT. Grab a pick me up & take advantage of our BIG SALE. 10-30% OFF. Enjoy Small Business Saturday. Open til 11PM!
Indeed. But now my weekend is getting underway, and I have 8-more hours to enjoy than you. LOL. Happy Saturday!
"The bad news is that almost all your passengers are hijackers."
": Having to take finals because I've skipped too many classes #great #senior12prblms"haha not in miami :D
Watching Glee for the 4th time today.
Blessed in the morning Blessed in the evening
so bye bye chinese imports?
Pittsburgh is the only city where all major sports teams have the same colors: Black and gold.
I just listened to the livewire&my head exploded.I want DashRipRock,Tab Benoit,Soul Rebels....
Does everyone have their tix for STP on sun??? I just looked on ticketmaster and saw section c 3rd row up for grabs!!
Lions is all we know no lambs.
i'm good :) ok hun see ya <33
Chris brown concert was amazing!
" It bothers me when the gods, get to actin' like broads!"
check out the song I just uploaded. Its called bullshit. Reverbnation.com/paully thanks.
“: LMfao awe ill dress like a bunny and come visit you (;” dress like a play boy bunny ;)
Are You The Dog? (:
Here comes the rain again.. :( Summer is definitely upon us here in
RT : As temperatures drop and residents are without power, The Salvation Army makes the rounds in Branson with warm food....
The anticipation is killing' me.
RT : shares a few helpful tips on how #college #students can stay safe on campus. Read more:...
You have a ton of fans out here. Looking forward to your next move! Keep us posted
thank you!!!
Awww <3 RT : I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN EVER
Final thoughts on Royce Clayton's acting chops?
That is a rather amazing one.
That sounds like a good evening. Why does age have to be boring?
Meh Oscars for a meh Oscar field. Also, as one who endured it, for my money "Midnight in Paris" is worst best pic nominee EVER.
Just as I suspected (y)
That site is great too, Alistair!
Thank you my luv sorry Im late phone died did not charge it last nyte....MUAH
Just landed in New Mexico...
Poor Anne Romney never got the chance to know the "dignity of work" ... at least not by her husband's definition.
Making carrots with dill from the garden!
Ha. Love it! RT : he should recycle #google's unused motto "don't be evil"
"Love On Top" is just so dope.
I GOT MYSELF A NEW APARTMENT!!!!
#WhileInARelationship girls risk a lot just to be with you because they love you... the least thing you could do is treat them right.
(William Penn) If thou thinkest twice, before thou speakest once, thou wilt speak twice the better for it.
i slick want to go to Hilgrove high school
Does any one use Foursquare? If so, what's it like?
The name "Castle Garden" was given to the old fort in the summer of 1824 when it was given to the city of NY
You totally need to start following
Only in high school cross country...it was distance medley and I ran the anchor leg! I enjoyed it, very challenging!
The insanely, inanely designed intersection of the Cedar Lake Bike Trail and Wooddale Avenue is a fatal disaster waiting to happen.
Sweet I can already hear the sounds of us sippin on margaritas with our toes in the sand! Call you soon to plan! =)
I did! Lol
When life is Hallmark cards and cookies. Fake ones help like hamburger helper. When you fucked up! They treat you like STD.
Unless they are the official celebs saying !!!!!!
"It's a Wonderful Life" on TV, some classics can't be beat. Just hope no one decides it needs to be remade.
clearly, not a sports guy
Noted Israeli magician Lior Suchard will be on my show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM- Listen and spread the word!
er, my bad. Our new promo code is "AuteurCast." That should work!!
The school district is waiting for a report from the LAO -- the legislative analyst -- on whether midyear cuts are likely.
“: #MentionTo your friend who looks pretty with or without make up”
Getting ready for my 6th Annual Walk from Cincinnati to Columbus. Theme is children's hunger.
Congrats !!!! Where can I see these photos?
Be succesfull today, and paying bills like you know you can, you deserve more out of life?
that is a powerful picture! We prayed for so long to dwell in our own land at Home.
it is extremly cold in my room
help me, someone help me, please help me my neck hurt my chain heavy
if i was able to be loud without getting kicked out of this stupid trailor park, i'd scream to the top of my fucking lungs right now. ugh
I have selected your #gamedesign application for my dissertation #research working with 7th-9th graders.
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. - Les Brown
No problem. I'm guessing it won't help your case, but maybe it ensures you aren't the only one that feels that way.
Romney finally runs out of steam by asking for money. Get it? Romney asking for money. Man, that's funny.
my sister has swine flu..i couldnt find mask so im wearing a cowboy bandana..fml FML fml. -lauren OH HEY okay eugene made me tweet..
can't wait to see u playing for the Wildcats u r awesome
You might be a redneck if you're at Catalyst. Jeff Foxworthy at Catalyst.
hey I took a pic of that today right after I stocked up on fresh Sporting KC gear
another tight deadline. 2pg paper due in the morning. I'm going to bed. Up at 6am to work on it again. :-p awesome.
bella can you plz follow me
"I want to be all used up when I die." ~George Bernard Shaw
I don't know, we need to download a whole show and watch it and discuss it
Well, this is a fun meme I can wholeheartedly get behind: "The Unbearable Ginness of Being"
The scientist Guillaume Duchenne electrocuted living people in the face and took photos of it. Oh&he mapped the current through the body.
just now read ur comment, I don't think we've seen your accordion pleated skirt in a post have we?
sounds like a kick ass company to work for, im looking forward to working in the industry soon.
Excellent! RT : ditto! I'll be back soon. Maybe next week if schedule allows!
" Greeks this morning "
Someone entertain me!
I ordered a pair of the Lunar Augusta green shoes last week, but you sent me a different style. Now all out of stock. Sad face
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch McDonalds to finally get my order right
Our state song is entitled "I Love You California." Who knows what the very last four words in the song are?
I wonder this too. Sign of the times. RT : Why the "news" just report on a celebrity unfollowing another celebrity on twitter?
Haha, no you're right--even imagining it gives me that five o'clock somewhere feeling.
Thanks, , for the totebag plug. Were we really curating telephone poles in Marfa a week ago?
Bobcats get the Magic and Knicks in final two games, could decide 6 seed?? Could MJ lace up?
NOBODY is cooler than Gosling right now..
great you still in D.C
I'm about to let this dude have it. That's exactly why I'm not nice to people
Can anyone explain to me the need to remake Dirty Dancing? Would there be world peace? No. Would it boost the economy? NO. *Sigh.*
A web savvy fashionista! :) RT : Wait is co founder of ? Who knew. How lovely.
Using the laptop so long that when you put it on your lap it burns!
Ashley has my heart at the moment. #completelyhomo!
. Romney is a coward and a bully. They go hand in hand. I wouldn't want a daughter married to a man like him much less POTUS.
Bummed I'm not watching the BCS Championship (sure miss having ESPN) but keeping up with the score online. A lot of good football lately.
maybe in the remake michael flatley can be the ahole reverend and show them how to get down at the end.
hey there ms mccurdy!!!
Dnt gt crunk u gt my number
for like saying that on ur blog
I posted the screaming meemees on Facebook
A kid-friendly twist on Brazo de Mercedes
Im not just your bigest fan by hangin posters Im your biggest fan because I really embrase your musical talents plz follow me
I know. GAIDBWIDBAKBSSODB
oh absolutely! We definitely appreciate you and all who choose to make a career in building the indie community..
I'm performing with Milica Parnosic's "New Blues" tonight!! Very honored to work with such first class musicians...
Thanks! And same to you Kang!
I'm with my roomie & her family on a Carnival cruise & were stopped for the day in key west!
I just gave this little 5 years old kid life tip "don't be mad at your mom"
.......wow is it fun babysitting
CBS = Cars w/ Boomin' Systems?
This. Sucks. Camel. Dicks
I really, really, really need to get to the gym. Didn't go past two days because eye was bothering me so badly. *sigh*
Boston an Baltimore are in da 17th inning, one of my favorite things is when position players forced to pitch cause all pitchers been used.
LOL - are you live-tweeting it? ;)
In my limited experience, Blogger is easier to set up and use, but Wordpress is much more customizable.
ZOOMER-THINK TANK: "Mention the Middle-East and most Americans think you're talking about Chicago."
gotta get that milli
That moment when you like all foods you can't decide which one to eat and in which order.
My twitter is busier between 1-3am then at a lot of other points throughout the day. Only boring people keep normal hours
That tweet about about show biz thing is NOT me!!!
I would like to kill the person who programmed the "waiting music" on our teleconferencing system. Kill them! ...or myself.
This is my weekend off. I want a win so bad!
New Work at WWW.RLIMAGING.COM
Hair care Tip:Try rotating the shampoo and conditioner periodically, your hair responds differently to different products
You're most welcome!
Tomorrow the Caps invade New York and Ovechkin is hungry
that looks great! Think I will try that this weekend!
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales & Service 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
Surprised? I stopped being outraged years ago
Watching HIMYM has me craving a Cuban Sandwich. Anyone have good suggestions in #Tulsa?
Make fun of me? Bet I wont tell our server to give you my bar tab. Mess with me again, I dare you.
Hi IA Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#fridayreads Beijing Welcomes You, Born to Run, Season to Taste, Cloud Atlas (again)---I'm grazing.
No wtf is dat lol -- Erica Gaines () lol its like twitter but just with all pic. U can download it to yo phone.
oh, hi AA. You doing alright? :)
Michelle is drop dead gorgeous.
Watched Happythankyoumoreplease last weekend and am still thinking about it.
Well, I am a YA author from the Pacific Northwest. Let me know if I can be of service. :)
Love #Boedker, but can't credit #Vermette enough. Fantastic.
glad you liked the final product. We are very happy with it.
Today is my pep assemble am rocking the orange go sophomore class of 2014 lip singing today :)
Kleindez... I like the sound of that! ^jom
#BlackParentsQuote do not be talkin to me like im one of ur lil friends or else imma slap u!
Just got out of another Doctors app. Having surgery tomorrow..
When ur penis and your heart lead you to the same place you kno you've found love! Lmao
Really? I was so deep and thoughtful til the drivers part ;P And I stay away from east Orlando for that reason with you there;)
if your brain only had the ability to think of one thing and one thing only, what would it be?
i feel like dissapearing >.<
Going to bed. Good night! Turning on my high school musical night light.
Can I still block all of my photos, in one privacy setting, with Facebook timeline? Anyone know?
Developing a new course in Desire2Learn today.
yeah seriously!
oh ok
is a fabulous boy
Ordered some Gospel concert on DVD. Fred Hammond,Marvin Sapp,Isreal Houghton gives you that Praise on 10 I love watching the Musicians rip..
Beautiful day today! Go outside!
O.O
Its Monday and I'm already exhausted. It'll be a long week...
Am I distracting you? Haha that won't be good.
#Ijusswannaknow YOU HAVE SEX IN THE MIRROR 0_0
This is great, via "Mobile maker lab shared between libraries? Shared expenses? Traveling tools?" #libmade MAKERMOBILE!
{If I have one last word to say, let it come from my heart}
Wow. Officially the worst day of my life.
Nice, I had my doppio espresso today and poured half and half over it. Close enough but not as pretty! :)
Luv #FlavaPennetta! enjoying getting to watch her play :) she's so cool :) #BNPparibasopen - we love
Sorry. The correct answer is 73.
Is it possible to have too much caffeine? Because I may have hit that threshold about twenty minutes ago.
RT : New Nebula hardware arrives in a week. will expand 's compute & storage capacity by 50%
Porsche AG boosts revenue in first quarter by 32.4 per cent
Twitter is so much more drama free >>>>>
just got out the shower, lemme get dressed!
feeling out apps
God Positioned Himself For Greatness, He Recognized A Opportunity. He Also Qualified The People.. #Matthew3v1 Click Here...
Go Chuck your self ! Pieces ! Some Say ! No Reason !
We had a special visit from Executive Director Jose Ortiz Thanks for the tweet
Early Voting Has Started! Please get out and Vote! Every VOTE counts! Let's make it happen! CHANGE IS COMING TO DISTRICT 2!...
This is what you get when you don't give Nicki a #GRAMMY...you get this boderline, demonic, crazy chick performance lol
We're currently working on our own Youtube channel! We will showcasing our LAN Center and various events at the store! Stay tuned!
oh surgery on what?
hey are you at Table 52 yet?
I just got hung-up on by a Delta Airlines representative during a chat! I didn't even get a chance to print the info given. How rude!
Sarah Palin Is In Rage! Tensions in regards to leaked
I just need you one more time... I cant get what we had out my mind.!!!!!
Ok were are my Gin drinkers. Check Smooth
Bke. I like that
Sounds like fun! RT : Join us tonight for 1/2 priced bottles of wine and live jazz!
Pleased w/ ' use of signifier "Computational #Journalism" rather than "Big Data" or "Smart Data" or "Data Journalism"…
Just became the first game developer to play in #maddenbowl history. Thx and
We work with a number of video production studios, film fests. Would love to give you an overview of our services! www.fliqz.com
so great to see you as well. puts on quite a party and you definitely added some great glamour!
Let me take my drunk ass to sleep before i do something to stupid
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. Euripides
I hate crying at school
“: “: This "pretty girl" is a buttaface. Js” DON'T HATE HER CUZ SHE BEAUTIFUL” omfg
Just a trill young nigga mayne .
why thank you!!! I'll go vote and tell my friends AND tell my family ;)
And she's also petite. The ironies abound.
www.therealchrisfaith.com if u looking for hot and I mean HOT Christian music visit my site now!!!
get the one republic cd and u got a deal.
#Winning combo.
WE ARE TEAM
Hey Leslie, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
send me them pictures form the show girl!
MT : My commute would be lots more fun with a rocket pack. <- Yeah, but harder to write.
Unhealthy amount of time playing Skyrim all day! ( : Maybe I should do more homework, OR MORE QUESTS!
um opposite opposite ....
1984 was my first audiobook and I loved listening to the author pontificate those British accents.
I look forward to it
Any of my twitter followers interested in a twitter contest for 2 tix to the Cavs game today at 6PM?
All I want is to go I sleep and wake up next week.
One good thing about the Mizzou loss. I can now happily root for all of the upsets without regard to what will happen to my bracket.
"Dear Pearson, Pineapples don't have sleeves. Ok. Got it. What about grapes? Sincerely, Tammy, 4th grade."
That was by far THE worst
Doug Sanders PGA, Guy is at houston metropolitan chamber golf tournament!
Nice to have a president who can actually talk about achievements vs. the goof before who had to keep making excuses.
We used to live in Louisiana, and my daughter thought that "thing" was spelled "thang" because that's how she said it!
My thoughts and prayers are with my sister and her Sigma Kappa sisters. Never take life for granted.
Only The Guys From 1D Make Beanies Look Good(; are #sexyandtheyknowit (;
more from public health side since PT doesn't really need more applicants. Students already flocking
I'm not playing this weekend. But I'm playing Monday, Dec. 26 at The Jazz Showcase
You are the best. What can we do for you!?!?!?
didn't know he had surgery, but Im glad he's ok!
Dear Twitter please lift your limit on people I can follow.. I wish to follow far more people then you allow me too :(
I'm still reading and doing the research so I can plan meals a little better with doing the paleo diet.
Hope it's not edited for WC. RT : fire alarms going off during It's kind of hilarious--worth watching @ 530p
“: Kings Cross - wow! Let's have some of that in Leeds.” And Newark
Every King needs a Queen so why u aint here wit me... Say that to a woman when she not around when she supposed to be lol
Perfect day for a frozen margarita slushee!
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom, dancing off the tailgate in the full moon.
Honestly, the anguish, discouragement, grief, heartache for those victims is very real, very present. We deal with it daily
Somewhere in Africa a villiage of NatGeo subjects r waiting for some New England Patriots Super Bowl champions t shirts
You are very welcome. It's amazing to see how kids associate products with branding.
& why does the holy ghost make people go crazy like that? Why they can't part seas like Moses, walk on water or something??
Possibilites of visual programming seem TOO vast? Try "Starting out with Max/MSP/Jitter: Creating Strange Loops" Mar 5th, 1:30, UA Folk Hall
going to bed
Michael Powell #ces - today's children are "homo digitatus" - ever seen today's #kids in a power failure?
did nd win?
i used to own a bieber twitter & i have so many edited pics of justin if you want to use them. (: haha.
I sure will!
should I try and trade miles Austin for Antonio brown?
You would be surprised how much a woman would do for you if you treated her right. I admit, id do everything you asked.
is he considering
Sorry, I didn't go to your house to see the fight.. I made Kiko go alone.. Bri is asleep she has church in the am..
Every failure is a step to success.
I'd love to know what you're doing and am happy to share ideas! Right now I'm selecting the Mosaic books for next year.
I can never except losing because that means someone has out worked me in some way. And I never, I mean never will be outworked.
To apply for a teaching position with our schools, you must be currently certified to teach in New Jersey
I remeber when i saw one of the greatest treats this piece of crap town ever had.
Doggie Tweets and Doggie Eats right here!
Ahh I love watching fire ants DIE!
boii if it was dark in a room I wuldnt be able to cu.
My colleague Steve Fraizer says a "Big One" may be winding up for Tue & Wed. I'm going to squeeze out how much snow he's talking about @ 9
Love can exert the same stress on your body as deep fear. You see the same physiological responses — pupil dilation, sweaty palms, and
Never blame a day in your life Good days gives you happiness Bad days gives you experience hope everyone has a Blessed and Productive Friday
so how do i start this essay...
Dido on the victorias secret show!! Theyll both be deleted when I unplug my Directv mehhhh :(
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
great day to all and an even better night!!
what's it sound like?
pure torture!!
Premature preparations for 60 day western road trip include downloading music. Any albums I shouldn't leave home without?
i really hate that stupid blue whale
yayyy! remind me, did we ever actually hang out at blogher? I can never remember anymore... brain=sieve.
haha. my point is that you must have had access. can you teach yourself without the access?
changed my profile picture;)
Getting to the end of my rope with my Android phone. Starting to seriously consider the logical next choice.
You're right on how important this can be. Still a lot of downsides for top-tier IT pros.
It's our one month anniversary tomorrow! Who wants to give us a present?
I'm done with him.
btw guys, ITS A MONDAY. and that means I AM THE MASTER COMMANDER
thanks for the shout out. :-)
Ops Oh my
Mahalo for the props, Krik. Much aloha!
I still have 19 locked messages on my phone that I probably won't delete.
I wish!
Hooray it's bronchitis yay!
did you go pick up your biz cards??? 's have butterflies! Need to show them to her!
I caught you guys! On the south end of Union Station near Track 6, with two vintage locomotives.
will they give the point and momentum back too??
Brewers vs. Cardinals isn't simply Miller vs. Bud... it's and vs. Go craft beer!
#lazyweb: please make me a keystroke counter with a competitive community just like
I love late night baseball games <U+E016><U+E022>
epaa I feel espshal now ! :D
Pageant hair and makeup all weekend! So proud of my girls, one crowned and a first runner up!
Thank you much for the mention
At least the #Nuggets guarded Kobe on that last three.
very cool! Such a great idea and workout!
how is the weather. Did you go to the walk
Looking forward to
Thank you so much for the support Kristen! Hope you might be able to make it out. If so, definitely say hello. Take care.
that would be an awesome thirtieth birthday present to myself.
GUESS WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO BE SO EXCITED !!! Please answer back :)
I am officially tired.
#ConfessionNight I hate being alone
That awkward moment when you want to send a text to twitter from your phone but you accidently send it to your sister whos saved as "Twat".
agreed! “: great set last night. You guys sounded fantastic!”
For those who don't know, rotator cuff injuries are extremely painful.
Congrats on joining the Saints and wearing your dad's number !!!! Big Daddy
Haha why is his girl tryin to txt me now too ?
Not right now. It's being re-released by Siren-BookStrand next month.
NBA fines Gearon (called Garnett dirty) more than Ivan Johnson (flipped off a fan). And here I thought KG took pride in his dirtiness.
Check out So many cute puppies! I want to take them all home :)
are you kidding me
any tips on getting in with Getty Images? I like your work!
Everything's going normal. Why you asked?
Back to work tonight..let's get it in..i love my job..i love being a cook..
How Is That ?
Solo Flamencos - classes for tonight are cancelled due to the Light A Fire Awards! Solo Flamenco is scheduled to perform tonight!
I was just thinking about how I can't wait till Tuesday to tell about my weekend and realized she won't be there
Folow Me For One More Follower And A Shout Out
That is awesome to hear! Thank you!!!!
Escape to New York, the 3-day music festival in the Hamptons, is going for an unusual vibe.
Had a great day yesterday at K Mart, US31 S, in Greenwood..actually had a record breaking day! We have the best Customers in Indiana. Thanks
Talking to my boyfriend he always knows just what to say, thats one of reasons why I love him so much. He is such a Supporter! #Blessed:-)
Time for a Kyrie shirt design..
Anthony Davis is an animal!
It's been a strike all night. Why not... idk, start adapting. Calling Mr. Narron?
reading 's 4000+ word blog post about jury duty, while awesome, continues my internal conflict with blogs and unpaid labor.
Good morning, Princess Rose! *hugs tight* God is with you!
ha ha ha
or the number #1 team UK!
lots of clothes and jewelry.
Oh my! I have decided that this year will be my last... too buisy! But "service above self"! As we say!
I wonder how my twitter crush is doing. Hey krystal my other true love milfy cakes pompis
APD: Snowshoer spotted remains off Eklutna Lake Road at about 5 pm Tuesday. Unclear whether foul play suspected. Awaiting autopsy.
Best investments at ages 45 to 54 With 20-plus working years under your belt, you're beginning to close in on retirement.
women fucked up soo much in life for giving up to what they see on tv 2 da point if they dont come to me and talk to me i rather die single
idk my mom let Aunty lohe use um n nvr give um back cuz her Caleb's mom n my mom ste outside planning samtin
meant fine lol
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Happy Father's Day!!
on my off night going to rdv for a drink with friends:)
Interesting question. But at a point doesn't that become a bit "stalker-like"? Checking up on others activities?
Haha I love that face ">.<"
Gotta love those Yoga poses that make you so sore! Argh!
Is this the toughest job in finance? Goldman Sachs seeks social media strategist - Finextra
soon. Dig that no more using the t.v. light damn!!
THE GREAT CHANGE IS COMING - I just got a call from my DAD, he was very angry, and going to Church; he says we need to "talk".
And what happened to saying please and thank you to people who are working customer service?!
#AngelsAndGentleman Never set any expectations for Cody, because he'll always be higher than them. <3
nobody on OKC got a chance of guarding Mamba. Or Bynum. Or Gasol. So it's gonna balance out lol
Dude said his wife better not ever gain weight or he will leave her. THIS coming from a man that needs a bra.....lmao
That's true. Maybe a 66 game is better, but the schedule can't be so compressed
Panera is amazing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I'm sleepy as crap! I can't hold on until Suga Foot comes home.
I dont wanna go to school 2maro
I don't want my teachers to leave my school. >:/
Very ready to be home for the summer.
The goal of a #leanstartup is to move through the build-measure-learn feedback loop as quickly as possible.
Sitting next to a girl with a dog in a suitcase; boy with suitcase, upright bass, and a solar panel backpack just boarded.
bahahahahahaha I love it!
how sad are you that club Bucky is 364 days away
I really like such a cool lady and she's comin with some heat in the booth
...you can have that...hoe's are for everybody to enjoy...-con-
Hitting golf balls with dad!
RT : hacking on archive server w and first parser w also on IRC channel Freenode
Work in the food industry? Learn how to recognize common backroom hazards and recommended safe work practices
SAVE 60% off on a bottle of Skyy Vodka&VIP table at Fleetwood in the <3 of Downtown SD! No Ideas for Halloween? This is it my friends!
Q5: employers, hackers
and most of all Michael," The King of Pop"
In our marketing discussions outside twitter its y you'll never get quality audience with twitter.
This is my favorite time of year
Right behind 210. Best $6 I've spent tonight.
Welcome back
you're really the boss
just to let you know, I pretty much have all the rapping part in UNI down. big accomplishment.
It's a thing of beauty when someone is a constant reminder so I wouldn't have a reason to forget little things about them
I just dropped something in the mail :D
Very surprised! I don't typically like 's music, but this new album is quite good! (cc:)
dude is a monster..."I'm an alien" yes I KNOW another one of my "brothers" was out there! we're coming!
RT : Free Library gets to keep the lights on. PA Senate passed necessary legislation this afternoon 32-17.
keep 'makin moves' and you're bound to move right into a set up...stupid jerk offs
half day then I gotta hit the DR.. Ugh. But I wanna go out I stood home all last weekend lol
I really wish my sunburn would go away already. My forehead and nose are still bright red.
I just discovered there's an asian candy store a few blocks from me. The candies look so good, I'm going to have to be very careful.
Ooh, where's the flea market??
The only thing fresher than Ryan Evans high top fade is his fade away jumper!
i remember when your first icon was you in a hat on your phone....been trying to get you to follow me since then
Happy Wednesday! :)
Zuma is open today from 10am to 8pm...come out and meet ZOOM (our mascot) between 1pm and 5pm. The Fun Starts Here!!!
I wonder how many consecutive saves will need to get until it becomes a major story.
I think you're right to call it *mild* censorship. But, I think, probably necessary. Lots of libraries esp non-US are closed stacks
yay! I hope it's a smooth ride from the airport!
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
yeah definitely, they got shitloads to do & see...just don't go to time square....lmao
yes!!! Waving!!
omg i gotta pee so bad!.
Let us know when you come in! Looking forward to seeing you!
Great tweet ! What a powerful combination !
My fingernails go through hell during the #NHL playoffs. Go Caps!
Really really really want my packages to hurry up and get here. Patience is not one of my mastered virtues...
Aww... Sorry it was a bad experience for you. Hopefully you'll come back.
no they don't. They are the Lakers smh
they're defined as a judgmental hater
2 the new reg customers..I dont have ur contact info..u win! BEST Adobo...need ur trix of the trade! So tender & not sticky,chewy. Ring me
Spies, gossips, and thieves. Gods help us.
Game 7, All or Nothing.
FIU making us sweat it out here!
Am at Tombs. More awkard preppy dads. More Nelly and Ke$ha. History repeats itself.
Going to my parents to wish my dad a happy birthday....hate days that the brewers are off but at least there is the nfl draft!
Enjoy a #swinger discount getaway $100 per night Caliente Resorts
woke at 4AM cause dog. Start watching CNBC and they asked "why watching a 4AM schedule show" forgot to add :)
... Daniels' daughter said "These people don't get it. We're not afraid you'll lose, we're afraid you'll WIN."
hahaha I thought I knew!
his kisses are so sweet and tastes like skittles ^.~ <3
The world is our office...
u at the beach?
Im so nervous.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. Henry David Thoreau
My folks weren't about to let me go cause I was too young. Really hated them for that!
This Anthony Wilson-Larry Goldings -Jim Keltner show @ Blue Whale is already off the hook!!! Amazing.
Changed my mind on the UFL,Cory Ross was just severely concussed, (Doug Flutie was so flip about it) NCAA+NFL football is more than enough
Going to work for him now.
ouch! so vision gonna be okay?
End of day 1
In Woodbine's 5th, if #3 Cool Gold goes off less than 2-1 then I will try to beat her with either #9 Forum's Best or #10 Sweet Margi.
Listening to Black Moth Super Rainbow, reading up on todays matches, and just ate way too much peanut butter.
Ive never seen an asían hobo...
My kids are very ready for school to end!
oh you wear kneehigh socks? Rec league softball must be your thing.
Today's #Pricing Tip: Set your normal high list price and offer discounts to customers who “prove” they are price sensitive
Going to the mal.!
stop that.
You as well. Will you be attending #LMA12 so we could meet in person?
Always classy never trashy
yessum You are very mistaken, it will be in my possession very soon.....
follow me? :)
It was great to have coffee with you Thursday Morning. This is my most active account. Follow me here instead!
All right you degenerates! I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
almost over. i hope.
and congrats to him!
tHATS WSUP iLL CHECK HIM OUT :)
S/O to my #NewYork followers!
For some reason the compact view in #gmail makes it look to me like I have more emails and thus: more work. Compelled to
i love the chachi sweats :D
those business law guys, i tell ya, they're all down with the clown
hahahaha yes I am!!
Weetabix Food Company acquired by Chinese venture Bright Food
Special thanks to who killed it..btw! Very humble, down to earth chick! Thanks to those who came out & supported her!
#mds3180 Twitter chat sure is convenient...however, it's hard to expand on ideas and answers to questions with the limited word count here
HA I'm always buying in
Looking for someone to paint faces in Sacramento on Saturday, please email carl for more info ASAP!
Tribe game with and
#JustinInspiresMillions.....of blonde gay children!
Final exam. The room hasn't been this full since the first day of class.
easy: matzah, tomato sauce, grilled chicken, mozzarella shredded cheese and put in oven for 10 minutes at 350!
SO EXCITED TO SEE WICKED TONIGHT!
Emily Lowell and her car for class couple!!
Rocking a set w/ headed by @ All Asia 2nite w/ artist pick up freud. Starts @ 9 pm
Cans tonight from five to close. Come play some dice
LMAO .... woo what that called ... ROTFLMAO ... Wow that was Hella tight .. Bruse is that idiot savant .... SMH
brewers have been so good this year, i bet many parents are having convos w/ their kids similar to the "santa isn't real" talk right now
To be clear: Romney protested FOR the Vietnam War draft AND got a deferment?
everytime they say they r gonna get a new one....never do
Such a great evening. Tons of #ROC Love cc
We've been driving in Texas since 10 this morning and we're STILL in Texas!! Aaaahhh!!
Anyone else going to the kanye west and jay-z concert in Chicago on 12/1?? #watchthethrone So excited!! :)
If you don't like JR Smith, you don't like basketball!
Yes 100% green Seal certified carpet cleaning...
Anyway I just read "punk'd" again and I feel like I'm in much too silly of a mood to stay awake.
A Troubling Confluence of Events is Affecting Sales and Marketing Executives ...: is The Kathy Freeman Company's latest proprietary r...
I can't get You're all I see out of my head from
Hey, could you please help me? i need more followers !
I grew up conservative and now I am liberal.
anyone else think it feels like a Friday?
A terrible day in motorsports. Our prayers go out to the families, friends & fans of Rick Huseman and Dan Wheldon.
idk yet its making me mad
I love mine! You feel like your skin is actually getting CLEAN.
follow back please:)^___^
I would race you but you aint ready yet lol
Why must I work on the day of 'El Clasico'? Blerg
lol... i'm not sure how i missed this tweet from my acct :)
Honestly, a girl like her needs the right man.....if only that was me.
Ellen Brazer, Clouds Across the Sun to speak Jewish Heritage Club 400 people Oct.10, 2010
Jordan Taylor sinks his first shot as the shot clock buzzer sounds.
haha! you should send it to her, it would prob make her year
I wonder what he'll do?? Can someone get him a spare tux??
"I am NOT going to hold my butt open!"
Wow just realized that I texted we're here on twitter instead of my bro... Wow...
Just need to type out this freaking rehearsal journal page and print it! Why is this so difficult?
|#quotes Just by being private, the culture will change. We won't be forced to make decisions that are 90 days in relevance.
The Bat Segundo Show: Tom Bissell, Part Two - Reluctant Habits
#IfYouReallyLikedMe u would follow right now
I hear u! I am guilty of that tho cause I got something to say and I kno they aint ever gonna respond to have a convo lol :P
you are? cool! :D RT : I'm monicals most wanted Twitterer ;)
i almost hate having so many options for my next step...i'm getting completely overwhelmed way too quickly. not helpful.
About To Roll Some Motivation
I'll pick Kevin,mark and Tony let's see who gets it right
Sexual Favors for Money and a Home is so Gay! Fortunate2012
gonna be a good time!
Pining for SUMMER
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>RT : Real recognizes real, and honey, you don't look familiar.
Hoi Polloi show tomorrow, excited! Can't wait to see my friend Saori doing her thing!
Culture is the opposite of war: humans doing the highest work for each other. Peace is what happens when war is not. Are you at peace?
Shotgun shuts his cakehole! Let's go!! :)
Ah! Super tired! Get our new tv tomorrow! Yay! :) Nite y'all
Morning all! I get to see the new cut of the video today with all the parts together today :) almost done
Ok Everyone Tomorrow night is my last night in TN Till the end of the year So come out to Linden To the Commodore Linden Hotel for my...
To unpathed waters, undreamed shores.William Shakepeare
yes hopefully the 1500 WSOP re entry tournament. They are expecting around 5k entrants. I'll gladly use my one time
lol i feel asleep on the couch just like that lol
Tell them hello from me & !! We keep up with them!
YOU are my Favorite Choreographer<3!
Thanks For The Follow!(:
Wow, amazing. I was there from age 3 to 23 so had an adolescence or two myself...
that's....that's a dumb bitch.
Who knew athletes went to Rice??
RT : Hello great to see you RT : Hi everyone! <-- happy to be here!
I rarely drink soft drinks, but I'm jonesing for a ginger ale right now for some reason.
Come on Miami, beat the thunder!!
Thanks for sharing.
Postscript: we do not have any pens in this office that I like, and it secretly (now not-so-secretly) drives me nuts.
Last day of spring break...fuck
Partying at the Boom Boom Room tonight.Looking forward to cuttin the dance floor n shakin it up..
Good morning!! Have a totally fantastic Tuesday!! xo
All other residents are safe as well. Building is standing but... If you know Lewistown her apt is close to the Civic Center and totalled.
Thanks for the feedback...appreciate it and you listening!
Pretty silly but so excited that I got the "Nightmare Before Christmas" collector's edition Monopoly game for birthday!
The day for what?
I wish I was in Texas!
He's playing better... But reality of it is that lebron is better
We love Mooseltoe! RT 'What's your favorite holiday-themed children's book?'
thx! Thinking today about bioanth markers of 'elite' hunting & feasting, & wondered if symposia could show in such analyses.
Oh what a day, what a day. Can't wait for it to be over.
Going to 58 Degrees tonight for Dine Downtown, can't wait!
Just a reminder, those rolling objects are tumbleweeds not rolling cats. Do not be alarmed!
#WhoYMCMBWillSignNext Gucci mane
She picked up the leg sulkily and led her cow away, the poor animal limping on three legs
my maneger bought me flowers cuz i act lke a mom
The music of #CPEBach is shockingly different from his father’s and from anyone before him.
Show off ya hats, show off ya tatts
"Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. Safety and security is the illusion."
Thanks for all the great material this afternoon!
Bringing pain to Bottom of the Hill in SF tonight w/ opening for O'Brother. Come catch us kick off the show at 9pm!
you know it
lord. i can not wait until the 20th. CALI here i commee!! :))
Looking for a great place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Next to Cheesecake Factory!
When people say unnecessary shit!
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving. - Dale Carnegie
thanks for the follow.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought. - Matsuo Basho
cracked the screen on my iPhone 4, tgod for nice people who give me free ones.... LOVE APPLE LOVE LOVE APPLE
Um...maybe don't fail them? Just a suggestion.
#TwinDay at school today...obviously #Twinning with !
I think your mom has it right. What a poor casting choice. SMH
Thanks for this vid!!!!!
That awkward moment when you yell your own name during sex.
Monday Mailbag: Poly's Risks and Rewards, Leather Grips - Tennis Magazine (blog)
Pops in the falls is a great dinner after biking 11 miles on the bug line.
#youknowyourparentsareblack if the only thing you keep to drink is koolaid
How many times can someone say "someone" in a sentence?
6pm tonight at (1241 GH) learn how to apply for the #EotR Distinguished Artist Award - $5,000 prize!
Camera's ready prepare the FLASH!
This is really funny
What a wonderful blog post. Glad to connect with another lover of Whitman.
Teaching a kickboxing class at 7 am. Holy moly! Wish me luck.
the book is getting publish in America first, and i'll have to move there for the book tours
Im Making Bands Listen To Wat I Tell
Email to register!!!!
So after todays loss when is gonna start spending that arteta $? I mean losing to bolton&having howard score the lone goal weak
Catching up with old friends
Artest's 3-ball at the end was killer. Yelled at the TV RonRon could go fuck himself. Buttsteaks. Haha
There's a guy out there who's going to be really happy that you didn't get back together with your crappy ex-boyfriend.
how beautiful SHE is*
Who's nathan ? Oh never mind I'm stupid. But I'm too lazy to delete that ^^. So enjoy my idiotic lazyness.
haha. We loved you, obviously. have fun touring. i hope you come back to the BAY for a REAL CONCERT.
we are so glad! Thanks for thinking of us!
Maybe not, but less guilt if you don't answer?
Mickey Mantle's greatest problem in his first five years in the majors was a tendency to strike out.
Lexus tell you .?
#InstantTurnOn phis food ice cream by ben and jerrys
Aye that's buckets baby, that's a time out Kobe did that boy too nasty wit that last jumper
Mary Gwen Wheeler, Louisville #talentdividend: mutually reinforcing activities - New "Count Me In" effort involves pledges
Hudson Valley, here I come! Hooray!!!!
OH NO SALLY DEAR GOD
Guess I'm staying up all night, gonna need some coffee. With that being said I think I'm ready to lose my Dutch virginity.
I wish i could do more for my friends & family.
“: Why don't people shower?” bathing is the best part to a day
Had fun with friends both nights this weekend but the fact that Ive gotten home by 11 both nights makes me feel like I haven't done anything
isn't that the whole point of a dramatic turnaround? A 360 would just land you back in the same tired place.
Tonight 5-8pm Don't miss out on our Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20% off the entire store plus champagne.
I think it does
Thanks for following us :)
Speaking for myself, I was fine until the rap lipsyncing... Oy!
do you live far from the beach?
very great week so far!
It was really good - we just put too much of ginger. Will have to try again.
Hurry! Now www.Vaporizerinc.com is providing the biggest discount offer from the top most brands.so for what you our waiting for.
Want to know what classes to take Fall '09 - gotta wait till Jan. 29 now! Schedules are to be posted then - a delay of one more week!
Tomorrow I start another term. Thank God for the straight A's. It must be Him. I'm not that smart.
Open auditions for Hollywoods Top Voice competition tonight in Boogie Nights at 6pm...If you have a Top Voice we want to hear it. BOM
Next up: Prof. Oded Meyer to talk about blended learning models.
I just ordered online at Five Guysl!
That's what she said!!!!
Dear feet I am so sorry for being on you for 16 hours! Maybe someone will rube you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lover you
Me too. It's so hard to focus with the internet calling!
Get me out of here --this job
Leaving North Carolina in the a.m. holla @ me baby
Interested in the Online & Weekend Learning (OWL) program? Join the online information session on 3/30 from 12-1pm. RSVP to
S/O to my new followers!!! *M*A*G*I*C*
Thanks for the follow! I love the name so I'll follow you too :)
Mad Max
Absolutely nothing to do todayy. -__- what a great way to start spring break.
It's day 3 at event in Chicago. looking fwd to another powerful day of life changing activities.
But if it gets me in this band... ;-) RT : Don't think you'd catch or copping to "critic," though…
I just found you, and a bit too late! Do you only have one creative retreat a year??
#theawkwardmoment when drops a condom on the red carpet...
Portlanders tomorrow is your last day to vote YES for libraries!
Splinter sends a hearty hello. I'll head over to Oakland when you guys play them in April....
Man last nights game was crazy... I think this series is going to 7! What do you think?
Whose ready, I'm ready! :)
S/O to #ForeverFly supporter
Ha Charlie sheen roast is a classic
WOWOWOWOW. LMAO! RT : Snookie is pregnant? This calls for a fist pump, within the first trimester.
Walk away as if I don't care learn to shoulder my mistakes
iOS 5 may entice me to continue using an iPhone due to the fact I no longer need OS X or Windows OS to update the darn thing.
RT I have to appreciate that Snooki is at least doing her part to try and convince Santorum to change his stance on abortion.
RT : I feel like a freed slaved now that I've been doing all of this reading #quotes [ Amen, sister. ]
I think some of those teams will be turning those records around pretty quickly.
heading to Kroger soon so I can make some delicious butterbeer :)
OMG! The step and repeat!
"Up jumps the boogie. The boogie jumps me."
Interesting. We don't like California due to its emphasis on tofu and fake everything. I think you'd love Austin though!
Been crazy day, haven't commented on Nancy Keenan's announcement. I think I'm still in denial. Enjoy watching me go through stages of grief.
Big Congratulations!!!!!
hey feli you'll be in miami next week?
The ontological malaise of existence is always a nice starting point. ;-)
RT : RT : No shit Irene was a message from God, The message was "Climate change is real, you fucking idiots."
Nice job
GREAT sushi at #woknFire in Downtown Wheaton
persons with a developmental disability = talented, loving, kind, generous, thoughtful, compassionate, a hard worker who deserves a job
Good morning beautiful people! Hope you have a mind blowing Monday!! Get it! ~Natasha
I wish me and my dad were as close as we use to be ! We use to be bestfriends now we can't be in the same room with each other ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Come out to The Spelman College Department of Art presents "Free Thinkers" Senior Art Exhibition at 4:30 in the Suites Art Space....
you heard that? Lol
created cc videos to explain various Greek battles, turned out great & kids enjoyed. Critical thinking very evident.
Obama has not offered ANY clear spending cuts. All general BS. This guy is LA-A-ZY. adultwellness
Nah man, gotta be selective.
Working on a 15-20 page writing sample in case I apply to grad school. And taking a third class. Maybe research assistanting.
I've done so much good today I've got, like, a soul boner.
We will have a prize giveaway within the hour! Be sure to stay tuned!!! :)
Like seriously someone hashtagged unfollowwepraise1D and said "rot in hell" why because she didn't follow you? So what! Calm your tits guys
Best day in a long time :] Got excited for my trip to NYC, dance recital, and got red mango with my mom and <3
My mommy is taking me to get my nails done x
Night x (:
i been listing to alot of Spanish music :) paulina!!
im tired blahh school makes me tired!
that wasn't apart of brandy's image, and without that her resume still better rihanna's
have a blast brother!!
I feel ya on that.. that doe doe make me thonto!
Interview time...
If you thought the #NFLDraft was manly then you'll love this AM.
Boy: I want to work at the pancake house and I want to be a pharmacist cuz they make a lot of money.
Superhero Movie Quiz: Boyfriend Personality Match Quizzes | Teen ...
23 year old Tierrasanta murder suspect was determined mentally "gravely disabled" less than a year ago .
#weak I have a Cold
Happy Holidays from Carmona Pictures!!!
you've come a long way from cleaning meaty and mini horse poo. I'm proud to
stop talking to me
I just think you're terrific<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
well...they do look like little lettuces. lol
I can't believe I never read "Swan Song" before. This book is SO good.
Got damn that bitch was ugly
followed by a nap
hey i havent been on twitter for a while. do you think we write letters to each other saying whats going on in our lifes?
where's his pen and a pad?
thank you!
It is not question of protecting the environment, but how, for without a healthy earth mankind is doomed.
Come with me, we'll travel to infinite
Getting really excited for next week!
I use to want to be a model.. I think I can rip the runway..
OK, good, I'm still on TCM. Thought I might have bumped the remote and changed over to some OWS news footage.
I was eating grilled cheese then i bit my tongue! :( it hurts
I learned something. Thought I would share: Sympathy is the most powerful tool in any human interaction. It can save your life.
Well ending it was the only way to stop this madness, but this is the harder part.
I need a vacation to recover from my vacation.
I LOVE THAT.
i can't wait until tomorrow! so glad to have the next two days off :)
“Now that it’s all said and done, I can’t believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down.”
I'm from where we carry 4 5's like change for a 20... Cole world!!
We're talking self-defense this morning. When, exactly, does the law allow you to shoot? And should Ohio have SYG?
his hips don't lie...
i follow everyone
now I hope she remembers and changes her mind
Scale out block, without cache coherence, without intercluster network, but own NIC software, own initiator, own protocol = CORAID
Since my cousin works at Target I asked her to put flyers in the bags. So far off I printed out 400 and we ran out. :)
My sleep schedule is f*cked, as the kids would say.
Happy Birthday! You were such an inspiration while I was in school at
These braids are starting to itch O__o
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs dead at 56
Just heard the most romantic thing EVER, 2 young love birds planning to change their relationship status on Facebook at the same time! Puke
Aw no, that's no fun. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> I hope you feel better soon. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
totally agree!
Back to work in a few
Pimpin ain't easy but it's necessary
don't be jealous ;)
song=mouse trap, album=nowhere
“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.” Albert Camus
I really don't wanna do this essay but i have to ughh. man -___-
Greensboro, NC... I'm sure you've been here before... :)
Cut the shit, be real with me. You're the only one I ever fucking judged.
Your Welcome, Still new to Twitter, however we get a lot from Facebook, using the reservation link on our page, saves 10%
I received my backpack last night. Awesome service and shipping. Thanks so much for helping make my college career more pleasant!
re: the OTHER thing in the Harvard memo on open access and library journals, what's a good study on the actual impact of pay-per-use model?
Dedicated volunteers, board member Steve Zimmer, and more: Sunday’s Volunteer Appreciation Brunch will inspire!
1. fucking a guy next to your best friend whiles she's high playing temple run
i see you with them lyirics :)
Great presentations in #JOUR4953 today from and great, in fact, I am up until 1:15 thinking about it!
On the radio with the fabulous Claudia Marshall this morning and will hang with til 1 at as we continue our friendraiser
Just finished a hook and verse for the homie Loc The Blacktopper
see y'all tonight at LUSTRE?!!!?
It seems that denial has become a hot vacation spot 4 me lately... #Time 2 come home
dinner at 'Anthony's Pier 4'...yum! Http://www.pier4.com
Voice lost, check. Can't feel my feet, check. Night one epic success.
That's the only one we know of at the moment. If you're patient, will probably build one at 3am one night soon.
Holding on to grudges is an ugly trait
Friends in Hawaii check out DJng tonight!
what do you do during the day after work? Your day must feel so long, having to get up at 4am.
Thank you so much! While we didn't take first place, it was still a great day. Check out our pictures below!
Seriously 90 out of 1000 applicants to reftourney and they pick these guys. For the better of the tourney those guys should be sent home
Yo, can you tweet me the link? I'm looking but I'm not sure I'm seeing the one you mean.
yep! Been in my head all morning. Btw: roll those confits please.
I never use Groupon on a date; Most escort services don't advertise there.
congrats on the win look forward to seeing you healthy next year GO PACK GO!!
is that okay for you? Cause I can't go tomorroww :/
Just called home to check in...ahh...when my boy says "mama" it is just the best...soon he might even be able to understand a video conf.
maroon jeeps are complete torture
Get outta my head. RT Glenn Close in a suit? And I don't think she brushed her hair :-/
writing a form based application for fun
Lectures today on the Civil War as background; and on origins of revolutionary Europe. Then se time in Butler's archives!
- bonus: is also on the twitters. :)
Good gravy! Have we got some sweet vendor applications! Better stay tuned, darlings!
All of that time and I didnt even do my hw.
My legs hurt from work, my back to, ugh. Rub meh down..
Maybe if I listen to AP Biology material all night, I'll subconsciously learn it all For the test tomorrow...hmm
hella yeah im good baby girl wassup with uu g i miss u like a bro lol and hell no we dont go
Just another day in my complicated life.....smh!!
Trail mix for dinner... I'll survive...
gotta go to the mall today. kill me
“: Crash reported at Hampden and Parker” plus the 2 on Parker road and Broncos Parkway
I'm officially jealous. Congrats!!
they're up now
oh, so u only b on twitter now wt bout facebook
My 1st #ALAyma about to begin. Very exciting!
It would be worth it though.
that old lady needs to die
follow us? We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter!
Best News I have heard all day
And then, with a mixture of pride, disappointment, and lube, Santorum slid out of the race.
Wow - Pollen count at 9369 - the highest ever in Atlanta! I can even feel it.
I cant wait to move in wit him! Maybe ill be stress free for once!
RT RT : When life hands you lemons, you should take them back to get bacon instead.
have u followed me on instagram yet?
Tomorrow is the first outdoor Farmers Mkt of the season.
Morris Chestnut was an actor. 2pac was the real life "RICKY!!!!"
jaden follow me please:)
ran into some pageant girls this weekend, made me think of you!
I'm trying to follow you! Return the favor please? And you can follow my band here as well :]
I'm reading it before my F&H re-read. I think it will help a lot. Just read two Tam Lin picture books today for a base.
Seen my first snake of the year earlier. Gonna be a long summer.
almost as pretty as me
Mire than ever there's more room for commercial growth in DF. Looking @ you
what time is detention over ?
Thanks O'Shea! I appreciate you!
everyone has their own opinion...but you're talking about it which is what they wanted. And people still drink and drive on
Can I just have you already !
today is a perfect day for a puzzle
+1 RT Love this one! RT : Quote of the Day - Kindness, like a boomerang, always returns.
Congrats on the App Store Deal ;-D
Aw thank you love (:
I did leave it a while but that's because I'm intrinsically lazy, not because I had to.
after bar
Very welcome! It's been and continues to be alot of fun. So as long as it remains that way! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> Cheers!
00063b Wed 21mar12 . Clock out 1830 . worked on Spool No. 002 - continued to stitch pink & yellow thread to exposed top
The Black Eyed Peas are the Kevin Bacon of
God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them
Dj Boo and the rnb group sensation Next gettin down at Kimballs carnival Oakland tonite
Nobody is going to stop me
I was happy they were able to come. Next time I got to get my older brothers to go with us
christian has better handwriting than me .. :o
In Flagstaff for the night. I love Arizona! Way better than New Mexico
Good morning :) The morning weather feels SO perfect ! But it's gonna get hecka hot in the afternoon :o
Feeling a little better today. (:
I don't want to think about packing this Thursday.
I agree
Wonder if many museums assume teens aren't interested in the first place. As a teen in suburbia, I wasn't aware/interested :(
English Lit can fook off, thats enough for one night, glad to say it's the last night of it too
Omg this day
Thanks for the follow!
I'm coming down with a cold. Just in time for my half marathon on Sunday. Lovely.
I wish the season were still as good
How To Manage Chronic Pain: Eat foods that heal. Boost your immune system by eating foods such as cayenne pepper, fruit rich in vitam...
Good morning(:
Hope to see at UK. Show him love UK ladies
Twas very nice to see you standing pain free last night. Now you can just get drunk for the joy of being drunk!
Hi everyone!
I sent that yesterday in the morning....didn't you get a notification?
Always glad to share info on ! How are you doing?
“: Love love love Maroon 5s new tune! #thevoice” totally agree and Adam is so hot!!
Thx for the tip! I'd love to visit for sure. If I have time, I'll check out the museum, too!
Time to stop watching the Olympics and start working on a guitar strap.
yeah ik I kinda figured :( but I'm happy for him :)
Welcome, to the cesspool of the social conscious!
good to see you guys!
4 Days away!!!! Its almost Here The Most talked about Event 2 hit Detroit in a Long Time Blezz Red Carpet Release Party Mandees Downtwn det!
Happy B Day Please RT PS I Sent You A Letter Today
This has been an alterately awful/amazing week. I wish it'd make up its mind; the bipolar swings are making me nauseous.
Got to get up and start therapy. Got to get stronger everyday right, and ?
If it was Rondo, the narrative would be lumping him together with Beckett saying "they don't get it".
At Buffalo State College watching my nephew Norman graduate with his Bachelors degree. Congratulations!
Estime & Irvin Associates seeking for Custodian for Pasco County. Please send resume to or call (727)851-6116
So many cool toys, so little time. #fun RT : Hank and I are unattended at Toys R Us. This could end badly.
3M is the gold standard in taking social insights to affect change across the entire company via
“First we make a small du’a—which is a prayer,” Sanah explained. “Then we must step into the hammam with our left foot first..."
I am APPALLED that EVERY DAY I have 3 new porn site following me. Back protecting my tweets.
oh god. What
good deal! Still working on getting stuff together :-) keep me posted on how it's going :-)
Watching The Vampire Diaries with Viggle Thu | 8PM | The CW Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Uh oh! I will put on my safety helmet just in case.
lol:) your welcome
Looks like South Beach affected the Miami Heat, not the Pacers!
Blushing! RT : I just want to burn all confidentiality agreements and posts pics so EVERYONE knows what a...
all is well in Chrome as well. Wonder if the upgrade to Firefox 6 caused a conflict 4 me anyway
So JB is October 4 in Rome?!
Editing P2 today. Been exactly a year since my last P2 edit.
uh lucky I don't know how to do ustreams??? Lol
I refuse 2 live a life that is not characterized by living supernaturally. Anything else is beneath my royal privilege.
Happy Mothers Gay
At least you're remembering. ;-)
RT B2B mktrs must know stakeholders influencers & create emotive connecting powerful content strategies
I once had to judge a tighty-whitey contest for Lambda Kappa Pi. Trust me, I can handle anything.
Thanks for the follow ! Don't forget to check out the #FreeArtGiveaway!
Ok, thanks.
awesome about your #foursquare obsession. This is the next step of understanding to #rule social media. #GoodForYou!
and single-handedy just made the chamber show a chamber show.
It's hard to be friends with exes on Facebook. Sometimes it's too much information both ways...
Ok. So I'm going to put up lots of pics and RT!!!
yeah cuz my eyes are irritated..
Take a look at our complete April Calendar now online!
last year, Anzac day march
Flow Me ! Plees & flow you! Cx
pissin on your ego is the jam!!!!
The Djs is fuckin wit us... Much Luv Dj Vdub on the placement for the new Dj Vdub mixtape.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
Join us this Saturday at the Tifton Library with author Mary Kay Andrews!
put my lucky $1 coin in a meter today. Freaking out!!!
I can't hear you haters, I'm Chris Saaaaaling away
RULES cont: 3) Sweepstakes open to legal US residents 4) Void where prohibited 5) Deadline for entries is NOON on 3/27
performing with Cody Simpson today
keep me posted
Thanks for the RT today!
People in #Austin come by G&S lounge (Oltorf and S.1st) at 10:00 for a free encore premiere screening of the The Red, Black & Blonde
See so you know what it would be like lol.
sexy self....
400 CDs boxed and ready, emotional ties been holding me back, but time for a new long distance relationship with my discs!
Thank you for every follow, RT, encouraging word, audition opportunity, idea, telling my joke back to me. I appreciate it all! Thank you!
We're looking for student workers for the Fall semester. If interested, please email us your resume: email is hrc at princeton dot edu
Have anyone seen Dr.Oz show this afternoon? He had graphic scenes from operating rm of doctor changing a man's sex organs into a woman
#teamfollowback #iFollowBack #beliebershelpbeliebers follow us and we will follow you back! :) we love <3
song on fucken repeat !
Packed! And with 6.5 hours to go before the movers get here. Time for sleep. Tomorrow - pack food, pry open elevator door. Won't miss that.
Frustrated about the sound disaster at the Rock & Worship concert at Orleans last night. Several issues. Seemed like game playing to me.
Planet Tennis: Got out there before the rains today. First play since last weekend. No hitting partner solutions in sight yet.SuperOrnery ;(
sucks for the crew at work right now...I hope it wasn't too busy
Remember nobody is perfect; we all make bad decisions with the best intentions. We're only human.
HR to Lukas Foss on Fri at 6 in NYC in 1980's when I was BPO Choirmaster: “Why r u running?” Answer: “Rehearsal in Pittsburgh at 8” (!)
Contract Executive Recruiter for Excelacom. Must have exp recruiting sales and consulting exec's. Send resume:
It's hard to root for a thuggish cross-state rival, but GO KINGS! Make some history!!!
What the heck is crossfit and can I do it myself at the gym or it some type of class needing an instructor?
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS THERE IS!!!
Lo Pan loves green eyes so much he resorted to making them for replicants?
lol right. I think some fans take it to the extreme.
I'll give him that.
Never thought the day would come where I would rather NASCARs qualifying over PTI.
Me nd da bae made 2 months today. It may not seem long to y'all but dealin with me it's a miracle lol I <3 My bae
Abby gave that calendar to Michael before she died. She prepopulated "dates" in the New Year so he wouldn't forget.
I'd like to signup for an account :)
In a meeting today someone said, "They are knowledgeable" but I heard, "They play dodge ball". That would've made it a much better meeting.
lol well your saving women's lives everywhere, so they don't make the wrong decision on what to cover their breasts with.
I didn't like Rango for kids...too much adult content and too scary for little ones.
kay..thank you darls :)
At the fucking hospital. Feel like I'm in the world of Brazil. And I haven't got a 27B-6.
LIFE IS GOOD!!!
Watching Big East Tournament, Final: Teams TBA with Viggle Sat | 8PM | ESPN University HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just finished up at the ATL Celebrity Kids Fashion Show #Salute to everyone who showed support tonight.
you didn't know. It's better than Tai. And I thought nothing was better than that. The rice is so yummy!
Reading class has become an Accelerated Reading, Model Classroom. This is back to back Model Classrooms. Congrats
I've been saying this for a long time, when will someone listen???
i wanna see this video of when she broke her nose! thats odd that it was actually caught on video!
I choose 1215 ( magma carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
we always love to have you lady. if you wanna work on some beer/cheese pairings let us know!
They have the sample of #newtwitter up to try. Does anyone know when the new format will go into effect?
In the Northern Hemisphere tonight? Look for Jupiter & Venus next to the crescent moon. Won't happen again until Dec. 18, 2052
GM All!
Yeah it's pretty mind blowing.
Cubs would pick up a huge chunk, if not almost all of Big Z's salary for 2012.Grow the arms is great in theory. But, Jo-Jo Reyes?
No wonder they have amazing figures-they're dancers. Go, dancers, go!
Thank you for the RT!
how about bad jockey on seasbiscuit? Good bet?
thanks for the link. I wouldn't mind watching a few films w/Portishead. I'd probably pass out from their badassery
Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well, according to Marcus Valerius Martial
Can't wait for spring break
Congrats to Jon Small from Middletown, RI for winning Premium Artist Sprays by Krylon during our Reader Appreciation Week!
R&B singers, Rock Stars & Rapper tell your friends to follow I talk about sells in the industry "making money" facts
TONIGHT!!! ALL TEENS NEED TO BE AT CLUB FUEGO FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT FOAM PARTY TO EVER HIT SAN ANTONIO! EXPECT OVER 1000 TEENS!
Can't wait to write about Davis's RE24 and WPA tomorrow as part of his platinum sombrero.
Previous tweet means that the ALADIN Catalog and myALADIN are down. Will let you know as soon as we hear from that they are back up.
lmaooo no I don't. You must be used to sleeping in the wilderness since you dont mind it being there lol
we've had it for years :)
please dont get annoyed with me, I must get more views on my youtube videos. www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Thank you!! retweet!
good luck today holly!!
People wanna say we are under grace not under da law but u still have to TITHE -the TITHE is part of da law keep makin pastor rich ya dufus-
I've got an idea--an idea so smart that my head would explode if I even began to know what I'm talking about... lol
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
When u leave, take God with u
We're biased, but can anybody else help? RT : Does anyone have experience with or know someone who enjoyed it?
Thanks for passing along our hashtag!
welcome to 36 mate!
Lol.. we'll see you soon, good sir!
Getting a cuthair
Either that or I would have been chased out of the room. lol. As to the drínk, I like the way you think...but you knew that.
The eyes of the LORD are on the righteous and his ears are attentive to their cry; Psalm 34:15
lmao! I guess I understand ... I try not to hold it against you that you're a longhorn
any post-experience visitor evaluation for these projects? Wondering about the lines, how multiple people in the room affects visit
the iPhone should require a double click for links in Safari - single click makes content-dense sites like huffingtonpost impossible to use.
#bookaday DETECTIVE BLUE by Steve Metzger *****
Organized training doesn't always work, but tries to use webinars, brownbags, vendor sessions when possible.
Me Please!(:
WOOHOO! No more Yuni! RT #Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez.
We have great penthouses & balcony suites! www.bluechipvegas.com
I was there. What a night. The energy was incredible.
Snap ya fangas do ya step. You can do it all by yo self let me see ya do it. Aye let me see ya do it. AYEE!!
In short...our pal is doomed!!! WAHHHHHH!!! LOL #lionking...one of my favs!!!
I am so flippin' frustrated w/ it's not even funny. I wouldn't be a Geeksquad customer, but it's my phone coverage ... blech.
Sue Clement, I can't wait for your free call!
omg no y did u do that!:(((don't go
While the selection is fantastic, that fact that it doesn't look like Napster-era Winamp is a continuous gift.
somehow my island and hawaii seem so different.
I was just jamming to that yesterday!
big things happen when you sign a strategic partnership with NBC. Polling FTW
"You can't project my problem onto all of mankind." --Jane Austen
Had a fun afternoon with the camera today. Will post the pics this week
- The defenses has some control over that also... get the offense into more 3 and outs...
right on, that is awesome.
Horny & Hungry? It's a beautiful day to skip work and come down to the Gold Club for $3 Beers & 50¢ Wings! Dakota & Rejiel are looking HOT!
even the #shbp is not dubstep free...
Thanks for stopping by tonight, sir!
The East Sea
You are going somewhere:) #supporting you forever, h8ers gonna h8 #MAHOMIES gunna LOVE
omg I'm going too!
That's an interesting concept. What are you putting on yours?
that's beast as hell
So when do you announce the new name of the winery? I'd re-brand ASAP (but that's just me).
Second straight turnover on downs.
I 2nd that. Go Packers. Yeah football is back.
Celebrating #NaturalBodyAppreciationDay by going shopping for skinny jeans ;) okay well i did that before I knew it was NBAD ;)
Thanksgiving in less than two weeks away, can't wait for all the deals
that's a big sombiatch
RT : Damn Romney knocked this out of the park. <-Have to admit - he did.
Happy Friday everyone!
This Monday we'll announce a celebrity who will be making an appearance on our 50th Episode! Let the speculation begin.
god ;), how bbout u cutie?
"Look at that he hit the bull. Guy gets a free steak!" RT Need radar for that. That shot didn't even know where it was going.
important for me too. Thinking about skipping sat. morn. sessions for on landscape infrastructure at GSD on
talking to my dad on the phone about him getting a passport and going to India...this is his life dream..
I've been presented w/ the most awesome dilemma ever... in the world! Another moment for all of my amazing friends to cross fingers. !!!!!
Great progress building the set. Turning out well. The actors played on the set for 3 hours yesterday. What fun!
“: I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me than to keep a "friend" whose mission is to put me down secretly.”
I want to win the
yeah has to be. I just get real creeped out by The House of the Undying guy. Haunts my dreams
Had a great time at#redrooster with my girls! What a treat to meet u after the Eric Benet event!
If u r going 2 b a "zone" team the 1st thing u need to address is how to play trans D into zone. It's the 1st place u will b vulnerable
Thoughts on the Underwood release? Surprised? Seems cold even for BB...
Ok ppl want me to tweet here is the start
Girl: "How was Coachella?" Guy: "It was okay."
Finding it very ironic that I have to write a cover letter as an assignment for class when I just wrote 5 real ones in 2 days.
The single life just ain't cuttin it no more #needlove Asap
Thanks to Spotify I just deleted my itunes library and freed up 10 gigs of space on my iphone.
what do you want me to bring?
Hugged a reporter yesterday. Still feel kinda dirty.
without me :(
Of course they are. Just like Best Buy and everything else that's stupid...
What a perfect day for enjoying the antipasti bar al fresco! See you all at 1pm.
three days til im finally not a teenager anymore.
I called you creepy
think ima go to the tracks in a few
I'll be at the matrix integration tech expo wednesday showing our digital signage/website solution with #businesscatalyst on 5x3 video wall
#Imagine Austin: Your eyes are Dangerous! Me: why? Austin: "cause they make me fall for you everytime i see you."
FB plays from 105 cappers posted with consensus now on both games going Friday and more to come..back later
Starting to get a headache. That means time to do some qigong and tai chi energy workout.
Interesting things on the horizon today! Stay tuned for news!
she said hey! :)
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. Nelson Mandela
Attention gamers! RPG, old school D&D, xBox 360! www.Areswargames.com is THE place in #ABQ to be! Another showcase site. COOL!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. ~Ralph Emerson
Today in #JOUR4953 we talked about how a reporter's identity can affect the stories he or she covers.
So proud of myself :)
you know you're with when he knocks over a ketchup bottle at a diner and it shatters all over the floor
Thanks.. but I'll be back in the US.. But with them you are more then covered! :)
; good night twitter. :)
Wings make the best teams look childish. Rock on Detroit.
Until put up that offer, it felt like this was another get on #Sharktank as a way to boost sales on website.
Watching Rocky for the first time. This guy is kind of a loser. And Adrianne...geez.
Haha RT“: Adam Schefter tells you what the present is right before you unwrap it.”
Avengers comes out May 4th! I'm so there! Who else wants to go?
no problem
Sounds good to me!
(the other Noel in my team!), explains how #oracle #wem optimizes the online channel for #cx success:
I wish and could do commentary on every NBA playoffs game. That alone would make every game worth watching lmao
I say "sorry" a lot. Mostly because I feel like everything's my fault.
That would be family first...this is the icing!! Missing my boy!!
Still awake. Can't fall asleep -_-
Join Help local women meet hygiene needs. See flyer
RT Katie Flood would have beat all but one US pro and would have had a shot a top 5 at #NBIndoorGP - just sayin ;)
RT Hey looks like we'll be together on 's #BeerDiplomacy in March! Looking forward to it :)
Like I want to come home and the first thing I do is give my plant a big 'ol tree hug.
good riddance sir your a horrible influence to the great sports fans of northern California
man am fucken bored
arrived home, every portable device I own has dead batteries... I suspect there's a metaphor there somewhere.
When I was younger I used to put a ball under my shirt and claim I was pregnant.
my number may be on my Facebook page. Your hair and your eyes are so beautiful. You deserve very nice things.You deserve happiness.
Goodnight! Sleep tight!
Beautiful sunny morning. . . heading out to a quilt show.
Stop paying attention 2 the people who aren't trying 2 make an effort 2 be n ur life & start paying attention 2 the ones that are
Thanks for the follow, but who is this Rebekah chick?
Halfway through our contest almost 800 votes have been cast. Like this status if you've cast a vote.
dodgers bullpen takes a dump again
I just saw a girl wearing a high school basketball shirt I got at the thrift store. I'm guessing she was actually on the team.
omg lol! i love that dinosaur im like i want a stuffed animal reptar!!!! lol and their Halloween candy reptar w/green goop lol
i LOVE Boomerang!! I watched Johnny Bravo and Power Puff Girls and Teen Titans is next!!!! :D
I try
"Illusions Michael ..."
Definitely not economics RT : "All information should be free!" sounds like first year philosophy major.
it was really great hanging out tonight. Glad you could come to Detroit. Hope you come back soon!
Thanks! I really felt like Forrest Gump running across that bridge!
Im soo into paranormal state right nah!
basketball Anthony basketball although I have no doubt u would b great in baseball because tour awesome in everything u do
ok, two line pass -
don't hate!
yu still gotta look up 2 kiss me tho ;-)
can yu call me asap
right there with ya brother. Old and bald ftw lol
we need to do lunch!
Thanks for the mentions!
Duck n noodles never fail to impress me!.
class 530....reading
added you on fb too btw :)
Where do you drink the most coffee?... at home, at work, or in the car?
very happy birthday to my freng #SU super star Matthew Lottes.
just got asked where one could find high-waisted pants & my mind went blank. Last pair I got was from 4yrs ago
I want to know like 10 languages...just because.
I miss TLC...": RT : Today marks the 10th anniversary of Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopes' death. What happened to the rest of TLC?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , you're an awesome dude thanks for the chat yesterday...you and Jesse were really funny!
way to go! I predict you'll start to notice changes (how you feel & look) this week
He does call the jumbotron "God's TV"
It's a big, BIG advantage to know people in the biz. But there are actors who made it without that so...
I like not only to be loved, but to be told I am loved. ~ George Eliot
"You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures." Charles C. Noble
Ditto what Pete said. We still got to meet up Joe! :)
"CLAMZ"--license plate outside shipbottom shellfish
I would love to hear your version of "The Chauffeur"!
Hey! Looks like we're hosting some fine folks from today. Welcome, and happy #coworking!
Note to self: Two Oatmeal Creme Pies, Two Welch's Grape Sodas, McDonalds Caramel Frappe, and a Chicken Sandwich DO NOT MIX!
Thanks for taking time to follow...
hey beautiful
All about the bike situation...then we can ride out to the beach! :)
A2 I'm a planner (which is good because I'm a travel planner!)
monkees reruns are on tv. i used to watch these reruns... and hm.. get smart.. the brady bunch, three's company...
Million $ idea. Develop an app that kicks in at 12 every night so every time you send a text you get asked the question: "Are you sure?"
ERBODY GO FOLLOW MY BFF OK
ve u more den u love me aint afraid to say it, ur not my queen because queens are human queens make mistakes ur my angel becuz
My friend Kevin Sizemore is starring in "Redline", a thriller feature that went into production yesterday in Los Angeles.
Enjoyed this encouragement, thanks for sharing. Hope you're following me as well.
who r u?
Happy new year! Be safe!
Copy editing in dining room while mom's Brunswick stew bakes in oven. Snow on ground. Love my home.
Retweet if you're downtown!!!!
Ok... Sweden it is! I feel an entrepreneurial idea coming on... I think LA could use one of these
By April 27th I we be certified to work on nautral gas vehicles!
listen here m'lady i'm like a grizzly bear...i need my time to hibernate
RT : Looking for tips for 2yr anniversary #baconwrappeddates contest. Water, beer, singria to accompany?
Can't Stop Yawning... So Sleepy ...
Back to PHX tomorrow....good couple of days meeting with some quality people. I'm so lucky I am allowed to pursue the career I've chosen!
Tyler and I are almost back to Manhattan after a cute little jaunt on Jitney to the Hamptons! Feeling so waspy.
Ate at #Zocalo in Chicago! Fantastic and reasonably priced!
We derive more benefit from having our faults pointed out by our enemies than from hearing the opinions of friends. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
We could, it's the biggest mall with most options. If we go somewhere closer though, Mission Valley or Fashion, I can get a ride
Got my copy of the Metal & Hardcore book! Amazing book, a must own for everyone into heavy metal, and everyone who appreciates art!
follow me or retweet
A big welcome to the - just joined Twitter! Great NZ regional museum. Take a look!
Please follow us to help promote our high standard in telecoms customer service. Don't waste time being left on hold...You can talk to us!
When are you gong to roll through Denver???
Hi ! Sorry but I gave them away and kept 2 for myself. :s
“: you were eating alone?" Sure was. But the only awkward part was the baby-making music they were playing.
Sex ain't better than chicken
Im making the trip to Nola this Friday-Thursday. Grind the $350s and try to pick up 15 points
you okay beautiful?
Half of our newsroom is a few minutes away from uttering to a source "Yes, sorry. There's a marching band coming through the newsroom."
Getting a listing - working on open house info. - then off to work the night job at
what post-surgery? I thought the chemo was successful months ago? Wtf?
#NathanSmartFact he has one younger brother
A lunch entirely composed of side dishes.
thats what im thinking
So yeah. All these single people from our pre-baby life - not really working out. Drink, drink, club. Eesh.
"Cannabis is not an addictive substance. Less than 1 percent of marijuana consumers are daily users." - Ontario Justice J.F. McCart, 1997
its hot as hell in my house well all the way at the top
sorry, it actually was the first thing I thought of though.
My Dad made chicken marsala and cauliflower in balsamic vinaigrette for dinner... Yum
Come see Sean at Provenance Logan Square 3-6p for Languedoc wines and Vermont cheese (raclette!) tasting.
how do you overcome the 2k person following limit?
Happy New Year! Hope your 2012 is off to a great start. We'll be closed today and tomorrow, back at it on Tues.
CHump of the week Anyone in the Cubs Bullpin.
hopefully both
man i love country music on pandora... it's like they know exactly how I'm feeling and play the perfect song for my mood.
Today...not a single fuck shall be given
Brian Quick getting drafted early 2nd round? App State representing!
Gotta trick my mom into thinking that im actually sick just so I can hang out with my hoes <3
F. Major sanchez!
Oded Meyer: immediate & targeted feedback is key in online courses. Showing box plots example from stats course.
lol thanks so much!! =)
Fettuccine Bolognese for #lunch #downtown #today for $9. Mike's famous burger again for $12. Show us u follow= 10% off! Flawless victory.
Maybe , and friends would make one for Charlotte.
Take great care in managing your reputation and relationships - best asset
I need to finally get around to taking the GRE. My brain is itching for some new challenges...
Hasn't even taken off his glove yet.
Pandora shuffle to work by today: Dusty Springfield, Van Morrison, Eddie Vedder, John Prine, Diana Krall, Leonard Cohen, Cool Jazz
Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward. ~Soren Kierkegaard
"Monday" totally gets a bad rep from donkey punching "Sunday"...MONDAY Y U NO LIKE SUNDAY?!?
Pickled rhubarb. Discuss.
Man Dirk is clutch tonight
Twitter helps free kidnapped South African from trunk of his car
Life is full of moments where you feel like what the heck just happend??
thanks x)
I liked it. He basically turned The Knicks from one of the worst defensive teams in the league to a top-five one.
Down to Earth: Green opportunities abound in Massachusetts - Daily News Transcript
Sex, drugs & rock n' roll. Speed, weed & birth control. Life's a bitch and then you die. So f*ck the world & let's get high!
lmaooo ! Miss you girl
Fred Knapp Trio:Friday Jazz at Enso 4/8
I don't think Courtney should make fun of Kacie B's tiny ta-tas. She's no Anna Nicole afterall.
Joe might be able to use that for publicity. Hope he had some smelling salts and/or brandy on hand.
“: Hi, my name's Meagan, You might want to remember it now, because you'll be screaming it later!” OMFG LOL...
Sitting in effingham il today watching race, go Kyle
Yay! We're excited to have you back-long time no see!
ALL of us here in Chicago havent stopped voting for you guys! Does that deserve a follow?
You're free to call 'em whatever you like. To each their own.
This "old & broken" thing is never going away. I've been home for 2 weeks & my niece said to her mom "when I'm old & broken like auntie?"
Looks like a beautiful Wednesday -- warm and sunny. Be safe everyone and have a great day!
Cody calls you?
*Sitting up, the blood draining from my face* When was this?
Hey, thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
and get Steve's Deli for lunch!!! We are!!! (ordering in)
how did it go down?
Hey it's Scout. Want to check in with you kids. Is this thing on?
In this day and age risk management is important and will become more so in anything we do or say!!!
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities in MI! LetEmPlay.us
what is this???
come visit us soon and talk marketing with me :)
somehow he got my # and he is texting me. He asked if I was looking for a bf and said he was gonna ask me out. .
Next week is Spring Break but all residence halls remain open! All University offices will be open normal hours as well.
Madden Curse = regression toward the mean. It's statistics!
Saturday Night Resident Dj Phillip Goyette It’s completely free and completely fun. 10pm – Last Call
From Middleton PD: The intersection of Parmenter & Elmwood is closed due to an injury accident. Will reopen in about 25 minutes.
Barcelona are always trying to cheat
Looking forward to meeting the students tonight for a discussion about non-profit PR w/
cont...I love ya broseph! With God everything will be A Okay! :) :)
This guy is funny. Go see him RT : I will be performing in Denver next weekend. For tickets click here...www.comedyworks.com/
I would LOVE to be the lucky one!
I do, I do, pick me!
I can't come in to work today. The muffler bearings have gone out on my van.
I got too much class!
Yeah I never bought it. Just tried it out.
Al those hours and 1/2 a song?
Can. Not. Wait. RT : Who's excited about the #HeatWave coming this week!!
I had bad coffee yesterday and thought of you. Tasted like aids.
yeah, omg this is looking so good!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Ran out of milk for my coffee so I put in ice cream. Been holding my arm up for 30 minutes waiting for Jesus to high-five me.
No WM yet. Probably gonna get the replay sometime this week. Raw was sick. Can't wait to see where they go with Lesnar
Dude I forgot to send yours. Hahah I was out of envelopes. I'll get on that! Or just wait for the next one (:
haha phones....displays :)
This is their 7th studio album. Who knew?
because they can put on their best face and pose and they know it's gonna come out somewhat descent.
Kobe...Derek Freakin Fisher is defending you. Score.
I will be!!
9/24/1942: 900 Jews from Aleksandrja, Ukraine, ghetto were murdered. Judenrat forced to put their clothes on trucks then were murdered
I don't find cigarettes addicting, so I don't believe anyone has an excuse to not be able to quit smoking other than them not wanting to.
That's how we make the internets.
sir charles ftw
Can you follow me?<3
at the Plainfield one!? No way!!! I'll be there from 4-9!
two more top 100 comscore publishers now live for demand partners
haha! We were such weird kids
Did you see the trailer for that shirtless Zac Efron movie? Saw "The Vow" yest. & immediately added that to my "must see" list
great weather for a run down to Farragut North and back to Van Ness
Ive decided im just gunna let this final rape me.
My apologies if you received any spam tweets as our account was hacked and just reset our passwords. MAM5ive is back in 2012.
So depressed..wish my dad was here...he always knew how to make things better
That is so great! What are some of the newest songs you have learned?
You make no sence!
that's not happening
Watching #ProjectRunway ! Should be an intense episode ..
I really don't know :0
Dam I'm ready 2 c avengers lol ima kid at heart
It's Hockey Time!
I went thru grad school, pastored a new church plant and worked. You do it 1 day @ a time. I will pray God's grace on U
LAST TEEN WOLF I REALLY WANT TO WATCH IT BUT HAVE TO ASK MY PERANTS IF I CAN STAY UP TILL 10 CUZ GOT TO GO TO SKEWL TOMARROW WISH ME LUCK
I miss you girlfran. Can we hangout before you move to Ky?! lol
Still looking for a Wedding Photographer in New Mexico? Email me at Thank you and have a wonderful week!!! www.awpnm.com
says Jan. 20, 2009 and I believe them.
#NowPlaying Art Pepper's "Blues for Blanche", for his favorite cat. Complete..Ronnie Scott's 1980. "..into cats, cause that's where it's at"
thanks so much...what a cool picture!
I need to remove the word "probably" and the word "so" from my vocabulary.
good way of putting it. Are guys really personified by that European slacker dude/idiot?
I Love him. X
What has been your most popular dish to serve at holiday parties this year?
Aigoo! I've heard about that. :"( It might make me sad because he's my ultimate Bias.
But WHAT will you learn ... AAAAHHHHHHAAHAHahahahah
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!!
lol. Nope. I am a JUNIOR...So people that know my dad just started calling me that.
and me?
Judge Payne: "We need our workers to do their work in real time, so that our data is real time. Then we can make smart decisions."
Don't fear the unknown. Accept it.
Not having fun today...
RT Not sure why everyone is surprised. The groundhog told us about this last week.
So impressed by Mary J Blige "Rock of Ages" solo on #DWTS - did not ev en recognize her at first - cannot wait to see this film!
We are bus comrades!
Happy New Year!!!!
Can u follow back?
Great. I will email him right now.
Move it or lose it.
#ItsAwkwardWhen a person with perfect hair says thier hair looks like a mess
My leeedo sister: "Finish all your homework today so you can spend the rest of spring break with me." Gahhhh, I love her. n_____n <3
Going to pick up my #pokemonbattleroyal prints from !
Hanging out with Rachael at Eastfield College.
TUESDAY..GO DIE!
No, I probably should. I figured out it's allergies. But I'm having chest pains and earaches. It sucks.
I'm 1st in ERA & WHIP, yet I've lost a few of those. Suggests I'm getting a bit unlucky. This week I turn out around!!
That'll fix it. RT : viewer tells me she's rallied "a group of gays"; they're descending on the #coleg in red capes
FOOD IS AMAZING :)
Maggie takes Angel, with whom she shares custody, and they hit the road toward Baja.
Correct Butch! The close is the EASIEST part of the sales process--IF you've done everything else correct up to that point.
I'm so glad I'm not alone in this. And FYI, your and commentary has been amazing.
My friend was bragging about having sex with his teacher but he is home schooled
I miss being best friends with you.
I don't wanna get rid of my kitty :(
Rest In Peace Dick Clark
Just walked into to hear Margin Walker
Awesome photo Michelle!
I CANT DEAL. I CANT DEAL. I CANT DEAL.
True. Wish we had the pop up piano programs like they have in NYC!
I'm always so confused when I wake up.
About to go back to sleep finally;
We hanging out the window, man it's bout to be a Suge Night!
Looking for an Arsenal fan to write a regular blog on my site. If interested, email brad(at)soccertools(dot)com
"If you dont stand for something-" Dont finish that quote or ill kick you in the balls
Only reason why I check twitter is to read 's tweets. So quality.
Where are you shopping for eco-friendly and handmade gifts this year?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <U+2665> WE LOE YOU
well then maybe the stakes should be higher!!
Puppy just bit one of the girls
Wet Dirt for the win.
Hey I feel like butter and I'm on a roll!!! o.k. I know.. Enough with the stupid jokes!LOL
I don't think George Zimmerman will ever have peace in his life either in out out of jail
Taylor Swift - Fearless - 05:06 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I hope you do the right thing and oppose SOPA and PIPA
Ozzie Guillen returns to the Marlins tonight after his suspension for pro-Castro comments. They face Starlin Castro and the Cubs
Finally finished moving. Hope I don't have to move again for a very long time.
thats how i feel about it lol
Romo come on man when does it get old. "My team put us in a position to win. I lost the game. I have to get it fixed. I will do better."
This is one of those rare humor 9/11 stories...
How does it feel ???
No Matter What It Is You Can Talk To Me yOUR My Brother Im Here For YOU Kid
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(: (: <3
#077 both mikey ! :D
one day soon! It will be epic! :)
Great documentary on Jesse Owens on PBS.
LEADERS LEARN - Getting ready to attend International conference of ASTD today. 4 days of learning and networking
Just made the switch to apple from windows.
Bring in Triple H, it would be more entertaining
Wreckin like a Texan
Happy Easter Stroman family!
not even going to be close. BSU got screwed getting put into this game against ASU. I just hope THEY come ready to play.
Uploading my video that was SUPPOSED to be for 's birthday, lol. I'm a month late. But better now than never. :P
I'm so hungry!! foooddd
Wish I knew this awhile back when I purchased all the ebooks. It's okay, though. I may reread.
is it time to make judgements about prince and his 0fer series against Oakland?
A misty moisty morning
GROOVES is setting up the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix! Any requests?
I still don't understand how Bynum only has 8 boards tho....
Finally renewed my ALA membership. Getting that student price in while I still can!
Confucius say... Boy who go to bed with sex problem on mind...wakes up with solution in hand.
It really bothers me how girls are such bitches to eachother. Grow the fuck up all of you
Good morning tweethearts! We have only just started our day but already looking forward to Vinyasa tonight- what does your day look like?
that's singing and rapping the first verse. I'm on the second verse. he made the beat too
RT : Still need a summer internship? I'm looking for an intern who can dish it out in SEO, Social Media & Analytics. Please RT!
Thank you for the wonderful card! That was so nice.
Lunch Break ! Join us for a groundbreaking portrayal of gender, identity, and the unswerving bond of twinship despite transformation.
HAPPY 18TH BIRTHDAY TO !!!!!! <3 <3 <3 i love you doll face!!!
God damn I just killed that shit
So tonight on the #bachelor the girls get offered a night in the fantasy suite. Courtney will be on that like a duck on a june bug.
The awkward moment when you find out you've been pregnant for 3 months...
oh yeah!!! its monday
your welcome.
Feels like fall outside this morn ahh I love it :-)
Its so awkward when the guy next to you oon the subway keeps almost falling asleep on you
its tammy and yea thats fine just whistle? i guess or call me 2012417196
great prenatal yoga class as usual!
Friend: What time Austin Mahone was born? Me: 10:14 am. Friend: What time were you born? Me: Hold on, I have to ask my mom.
love it! Shane and Marcus rock!
Maybe while is at Lollapalooza the can snag them for a MKE date.
From Stranded movie: Above all, we had a strong sense of unity. This solidarity emerged ... because it was necessary in order to survive.
#TMI tweet of the day: email completely hijacked by #RoadToSisWedding *sigh*
Ya bitch is wack she use to be my
Lets see if stepmom wants to take me shopping later>>>
Guess who has appliances AND a kitchen floor?! Oh. Probably everyone reading this tweet.
Errbofy knows Sean Howard does not gang bang.
Matt: "I'm at Nicolatrtolis right now and uh...I'm over hearing some interesting convos."
Thing is, it's not always a great idea to tweet while writing papers (cuz your brain is all weird), esp when your committee follows you.
Jeff Jimerson will be singing the National Anthem tonight at the Pens game! Contact us to book Jeff Jimerson & Airborne for your next event!
RT : RT : RT : After fixing and testing our system, Looks like will launch in a week!...
Unprofessionalism, bad communication skills
Happy Mother's Day to my mumsy and all the mum's out there. I am in no way prepared to raise a human person, so you're all pretty awesome
Told my parents about #smash. Now they're making me watch the pilot with them.
In New York? I cant believe it!!! MT : Exclusive: LI businesses sue gym for excessive noise from crashing and clanging weights
Making people blush. That's what we do here on YOBI Live. :D
San Diego hotties all the way!
Bingo! : i don't wanna sound ungrateful, but...useless/duplicate #wedding gifts are annoying. use the #registry people!
I'm in a love/hate relationship with Costco. Love it, but SO busy! People are pricks too, I should just start throwing haymakers
The House Committee Holds a Hearing on Strengthening the Borders
we all got issues dat need 2 B tackle whitney had plenty friends in the industry where were they when she needed help strangers in the shade
neglect's harder to detect & respond to than attacks. NPOs diminish without protest. Remember the frog in boiling water?
Make no mistake media controls your destiny, tred carefully in the infrastructure of this ideological system.
Do a column on David West. Maligned for taking a big deal by some. He lets his game do the talking. Double-Double machine.
Applause decibels x length of time clapping = Steal my Idea presentation score. This is cool!
Did you know the heart is shaped like a CONE...not a "heart"? hahahahaha!
#Syracuse and #Louisville with the win. Let's go #Bearcats and #marqutte. Go
#NowPlaying: Set me on Fire by
Hawks game. Great seats. Fabulous company.
Icon changed to something more "Christmas-ish" :)
Watching this fight. I love boxing.
Wave if you see the car in downtown Indy. We want these #superbowl fans K-LOVIN us!
Toney Douglas 6-18 tonight. This guy continues to shoot like shit. Pathetic.
Steve Blake sucks.
#ItSeemsLike everyone forgot about me.
I know she'll call back
I propose that all of us stop using our cars and trucks so that we can start using horses. I hope that hay is much cheaper than gasoline.
Thumbin threw that check
OMG come down with diarrhea. You need to go!
Bored at work? Check out and follow - Why because you love me!
Good luck to you from all of us at WD!
I love when Liz comes to New York. it makes me so happy asdfghjdkalhal. :*
and he wanted to stop talking to her nice try again.
The #MrTerrific solo #comics series is gone, but I suppose it existed because if done right DC wanted a #TomStrong & #DocSavage substitute.
The last 3 days brought many memories and laughs. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> Was quite an experience - I'll never forget it.
<U+200E>"Nothing works out according to plan, but it always works out." - local motto in Chihuahua, Mexico, via
Its def way to early in my life to make that kind of commitment and be tied down like that
Rather be at the gym than working right now
I would #sculpt it. A few month to build a snow village. I would never come in out if the snow!
i think that means you both got sloppy seconds :|
I'm pretty sure you've had the most eventful host family experience out of all of us (oh no, I just used past tense!)
<U+2714> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+2708> {link--------------
no :( well i'll be home in 2 weeks so lets hang out like every day
Congrats to and Val! Had a blast working with both of you and Lori , you rock!
Follow me please! I love you so much<U+2665>
And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.
That's what it should, you should love the person that makes you feel happy that you're alive.
yeah it is a peaceful little town
We heading to the top, if you comin' come on...
Happy New Year! I learn a lot from reading your tweets.
He is like one of my best friends.
AWW TOO BADD ME AND SiS iN-LAW WONT GRADUATE TOGETHER -.-
Great session on managing up! Thanks Lora, Kelly, and Andreas!
I would tweet more often if I thought anyone was reading this
I always love the pictures that you post. :)
Done with the #pooptweets for a bit. Cuddle anyone? I just showered, so I'm clean.
Fun Fact: There was once a roundabout in the intersection of Wilshire and Western. It did not last long.
Smiles smiles smiles! :)))))))
either there's something wrong with me for wanting such treats for breakfast or it's a start to a perfect day!
Yeah but its like they are inventing holy text that doesn't exist! What's next? Jesus condemned video games and pot??
and their music is the only thing that can get me through a shitty day!
October 1st...this bitch is getting crazy!!
Usually the color of the porcelain tile carries through the whole tile.
you to ask you how you were doing, how you were, & 2 take care because I saw this movie that I thought was going to be happy but
Brady offensive player of the year. Not at all shocking
You know the worst lines come at the best times. <3
Happy Daddys and Jonas LA Day! XD
i just said its NOT based off tonights performance. Guy just doesnt have the "it" factor.
Seriously... those w/o health insurance & have to rely on the county hospital for mental health needs suffer. Not enough docs to go around.
I think I'm just going to do a free write today on one #script and then scene cards on another!
work school work work school and then I'm just so exhausted
Check out RX at Primary Stages. Great and simple.
We closed on Mondays. Sowwy :(
I've been trying to figure out what I need Twitter for...thanks. :)
well it couldn't be in The car the whole time!
My cousin's watching twilight in my room... And in Spanish.... Well there's an exit over there.
hey whaats up
cracks me up, and I love him!
2012 right around the corner man!
Ok this really upsets me.
You just try to make everything complicated don't you? That would just confuse me...
I have a feeling that today's gonna be a great day.
If you were to look at who I follow, you will get the most skewed perception of who I am as a person. Lol.
Still up
Shoutout to the BLACKBERRY USERS on my TL! They just keep quite. Lol
DID YOU SEE THAT BRUH!!!!
Love this collective effort to help non-profits! I just referred you to a new rescue in Chicago!
Just need to spend the day relaxing in the sun!
ACCOUNTS ASST £15K A motivated team player with strong accounts experience. With ledger, credit control, bank reconciliation, payroll and V…
Happy Birthday! I hope is a great one!
its hard to tweet when somehow gets mad that a jobless person has time for social networking
Every time i get a follower on twitter, i spare a life and let a child out of my basement.
Amazed how some nights can end up. Don't know what to think. I think I need a good nap and though process tonight
In your face Elton john , keep talking shit..
When you're overwhelmed you miss the details
I truly apologize to everyone for the broadcast, but I assure you we did everything possible to get it on air.
Tip of the day: if we start with a false premise and reason ina valid fashion, we'll always wind up with the truth..too bad people are liars
you could hand that post to a virtual admin as a work script and pay a bit if you wanted to be more personable (at a cost)
the best films in theaters right now are all called WEEKEND!
Thanks for the #FF for our new twitter! !
wanna play @ the orphanage???? contact Spoon @ 773-807-5157 for music booking. thanks David
Thanks for hosting a sold out sour patch show. Joe Wengert brought the house down.
foi super bom , e forte u.u
Oh, I think I mentally added an "again" that wasn't there. Something about the construction fooled me.
So excited to be going back to Girl and the Goat tonight. Last night I dreamed of brussel sprouts, pig face, and pork fat doughnuts.
Yes, it knows exactly when I'm going on vacation.
Is it weird for any other #skirtathon12-ers to wear pants again today? Just me?
I caught my mom singing #SaySomethin SHE'S A SECRET MAHOMIE!
Congrats Brett!
...i dont get it i called you when i left the house..and youre still not ready? youre about to be on cta
um how is it not their fault?? Please explain this to me
“: Lest we forget: Newt served divorce papers on his wife while she was hospitalized with cancer.”
Glad to join the party, virtually!
Its the 90s and im watching hey arnold
..love how our friends to the north refer to the illinois / wisconsin border as the 'the cheddar curtain'..awesome
Jill Scott looked Amazing...Go girl!!
OMG!!! Thanks for the LOVE and support, we Appreciate it MUCHO !!!!!!!
i have made my mind. after tomorrow i am taking the next 8 days off from the gym. only simple wrkout at home and jogging! whiskey!
you should follow and watch his videos!!!!!!! - youtube.com/tysonthibodeau
If you one word reply me, you will not get a text back haha
what's good my homie
LOL. Guys: don't be creepy then ask me out.
Russia:) I just googled him :D ..and you're australian? I watch X-Factor sometimes but I never knew he was on it.haha
don't kill the good message (RG3), cause you want to try to dig at the messenger (LL) cause of twitter vendetta...
any questions for me or jensen then ask away. jensen is sat right here next to me.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Doing what i want now..
...Jeremy no they not. They be great. U be asking questions me and my bro be wanting to know. F*** them mehn.
cool. so you aren't going to the LAST meeting?
coffee break w/ and women in leadership L&L on Tuesday!
Thank you for your Match Day donation, Ali!
thinkin bout upgrading from the BBerry what do u think?
Ate McDonalds tonight....now I remember why I don't go there, but once every 3 years.
I love Put your Hearts Up, everytime I listen to it the song sticks inside my head(:
I thought that was your term! I will take ownership of "clown".
Performance clocks in at 5 hrs and 2 mins and 48 seconds - let's see if we can get it under an hour today!
Got my shipment this afternoon & can't wait to try the Syrahs. Going to try to come to the June 30 open house
Reached following limit 4 today u can only follow 1000 a day sucks. :(
Florense’s team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Special thanks goes out to those new fans who came out to see us at the Old Brogue this Friday. Thanks for the support and keep listening!
It's one of those funny days when you sit at your 'puter and watch your calendar appts disappear one by one due to rescheduling.
Hate this weather<U+2601><U+26A1><U+26A1><U+26A1><U+2614><U+2614>
Come check us out Monday 10 to 3 to get a Shellac mani or a relaxing pedi. 434.525.1105. Ask for Jessica:)
Why did they get a hotel to have sex? They didn't leave town did they?
Marry Christmas everybody!
Any chance I can get a hat for my husband? It would make his day.
No webinar -- sorry! It's a live conference in DC.
tell her nvm...we'll wait till next week
words/phrases i can't stand: "husbear" ... and "cub" (for grown men in their 40s or older)
No problem. Let me know if you have any questions about it. I'd love to do more research in this area, but, you know... time
you know what's up
and those people need serious help.
Participating in the online Discovery conference for work - good information for Credit Unions.
when r u coming back ?
not feeling so well This morning champ?
Cool, let us know how the presentation goes!
EllenNaylor: Thanks for your insight at our spotlight CI panel at #sla2010 w/Jan Herring, Claudia Clayton &
Cloudy weather + School = Horrible day.
Shopping we!
Im awesome over here in Arkansas!:) And thank ya!
It literally breaks my heart that Pat Summit stepped down, :(
it wasn't actually that bad...moved fast
the Lakers are guaranteed to have 2 players with a pulse
chillin and studying.
Amen. That's right. He is an awesome guy.
clearly they can't hold it together...but was a good game!
Thanks, Mitch!
Anybody else just got their IGCSE results?
RT : Tim Tebow invited to NYC for NFL Draft. Also invited to Hamilton for CFL Draft, Vegas for UFL Draft & Tulsa for AFL Draft
g'Morning Twitterr
He was jus having a party !
Hugs can do great amounts of good, especially for children.
tweating from Tv
Cheers to that! :) RT : What the world needs is people who are alive and awake, aware and authentic.
watching t.v. And you
I can be a real brat.. Don't make me sad
I can't even sleep over this dumb thing.
We've got Mad River Steelhead Extra Pale Ale on the menu!
nice. who is sponsoring?
My brother's underwear don't fit my shaved balls.
Twitter just recommended that I follow Clearly, Twitter doesn't know me.
My mom is so corny... Smh
oh ok:D
Let's go USA!!!
victory oh so sweet
I wanna
Why do cashiers make things do awkward!!
!! I lOVE YA you are the maximum !(: sorry to bother you but I'm your mega fan! I Hope that please answer me this tweet!
^^ you're Fan of justin?
haha, having fun with google's homepage! check it out gumby fans!
Really! Wow...brings back memories. Used to live within walking distance. One of my favorite places. Beware the Maggie's!! ...
Goodluck to everyone performing tonight :)
gl with the 10k man
hello Pastor. I'm part of your noon Security Safety Ministry and I am leaving overseas next asking 4 your prayers. Thank u!
What kind of music do you like? We have plenty of great shows lined up for the summer, I can probably suggest some to you =)
Love the ICANN news! Any chance you'd have time to chat about it this week?
Good Luck Paul! Hope you have a great run.
Thank you. It'll be less raw with time.
hahaha your last tweet made me giggle big time
Wearing a fany pack today. I can't be tamed.
I got a great story. Takes about 2 minutes. Might make you a lot of money. Might not. Want to hear it?
that bitch be rockin
That's what I said, basically. I guess the thinking is that length bothers him. What are SAS's other options? Tiago? Blair?
It's so muggy outside. Ew.
“We have approximately 60,000 thoughts in a day. Unfortunately, 95% of them are thoughts we had the day before.” ~Deepak Chopra
...well aren't you nice.
Hate waiting at the doctor's ugh!
2NIGHT!!! 2NIGHT!!! MPIYA'S VERY OWN I-POE LIVE !!! COME OUT AND WITNESS DA ULTIMATE HIGH!!!
Merry Christmas folks :) Best wishes from
Tonight is a no go if you're gonna be there, Im not gonna feel outta place
It annoys me when people tweet song lyrics and leave words out.
I am now able to do a mobile update
thanks for the rt! We hope to see a lot of kickballers this friday for our special!
girls that text you first>
RT : Have you ever been to a Bar Camp? Very cool unconference. I'm today presenting on Social Product Development
Thanks for covering 'A Rolling Stone' show!
Don't doubt yourself so much.
Arthur makes me Angry. I think I'll use that one on our FB page
You're the one I wanna be with when the sun goes down
From the Top Down! Keep it going!
A follower has moved from head knowledge to heart knowledge.
Somehow I ended up going to maggiano's and cheesecake factory in a span of 2 hours.
o neva went to france but i always wnted to go r yhu french?
you were fuckin hilarious
Yay! You got your wing wednesday on! Just went to Bubs for the 1st time in Downtown. uhh-mazing and so full!
hahaha me too easily
My babe taking a nap .
Phil's got the right idea for kiddos these days!
t swift!
What exciting events do you have planned in November? You'll need the perfect catering & Big Tomato provides it! Delicious Food, Great Servi
So ididnt go on the date but im with the guys
To those of us with a touch of insomnia - I never said sleep would come easy, but I do say it will be worth it.
Are we there yet?
I'll have to go OK Cupid & send really critical PMs to women there. "Tip: don't incl pics of you w/ women better looking than you."
he's in a gang. Actually he's probably in jail honestly
Man does not live on bread, or Braun solo homers, alone.
dat you do!!! ;) once we get thru banner day... lets get that going!
Thanks to mayday parade, i still am unable to hear out of my ear... :/ this is bad... Lol
I love Messi but not more than Drogba
I know you retweeted this with me in mind ;) RT : My bestfriend and i can speak to each other through facial expressions
Make exercise a priority today!
My bestie comin w me 2 twin cities next wknd. Lv him cldnt ask for better. Camp snoopy bitches!!!
#FightingWords I'm leaving you for your sister!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 44
I have codeine. THAT shit is relaxing.
Vegas needs you.
You could not pay me to be 24 again.
Thank you! Amazing as always! Can't go wrong with stuffed mushrooms & sweet potato ravioli! See you soon!
Cant wait for the love that " APRO.PK " will give in penny stocks this week
In bed#happy tweet
Charles Yu, LA native, reading from novel How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe at Key West Literary Seminar
Whatever happens tonight, I'm proud that the never gave up this year. Just one more time and you can rest.
thanks! Where did you get them from?
Nice job posting our song bruh love the Bullet Effect . :D Thanks
so apparently interns were sobbing at the mere sight of Clooney walking down a hallway. I get the same reaction when I see Darrel Issa..
I wish Vincent could have gone to the VMAs... It would have been another dream come true for him. ):
Lets Dance..Shall we? Go Gators!!
When lebron jams like that its like he enters another dimension mid flight
I'm also tired of seeing pictures of pregnant girls I went to school with. I don't care that you fucked your life up by not using a condom.
So early for that too. ;) RT : White girl wasted with my ladies !
Want to discuss *ONLINE* outreach to K-12: resources, tools & widgets, gaming(?!) - Meet me before or after #RAO Section Meeting
looool ain't that the truth (x
get tyller to bring youu food. (;
yup, I know the feeling. I suspect you not only bring home the bacon, but you cook it too.
Only for my mom do I wish I could've chosen a different career path, just so she didn't have to see me be gone from home so much.
Tryin to keep my head up.
Fake ass bitch
FacePainting/Henna Fri & Sat 7pm @ Golfernoggins And free Sun 11-3 for Baby Bonanza Marriott Pyramid North! Hope to see you all there
S/O to for making "reality tv" interesting!
I just wanted to get the truth out and off my back
Thanks! Glad you like it. We're starting tracking on our next EP that will launch sometime soon.
Jesus Bowel-clearing Christ.
You're tweeting!
I'll be making the rounds sometime in the first quarter of next year, I'll be in touch, lots to catch up on, happy holidays!
Why? Why must you hate on Brodus? It's so bad that's it's hilariously great
Chanting "banks got bailed out, we got sold out" as we march.
Sounds like you had an awesome night!
I rather be in Dallas. lol.
favorite place in tampa : downtown. favorite place in florida : ooorrrlllaaannndddooo
I've been in musicals my whole life LOL!! Have you seen Les Miserables up in Detroit?
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw. Good morning
Oh man, seriously. No more unsecured debt once it's gone. Ever. Ugh :(
I have to no problems rewarding performers vs non-performers. Easy fix is to negotiate this into the bargaining agreement.
You were right and i was wrong! I love you like a best friend you had my back thanks lala bear
Living in Texas it seems like I defend the ravens almost everyday. Cowboy fans talk so much trash, but....
You know what? I still stand by what I said. It was a great show!
I can't watch mazz talk with his foot up with a straight face!!! Lmao
In the studio with , who is currently recording an amazing synth part! :D
Tony Plohetski: Buffalo Bayou in downtown HOU is way out of its banks.
well you know I'm.here for ya ;-)
Curious to see what Michael Irvin (Dallas' former #88) thinks of the Broncos current #88 Demariyus Thomas. - Brian.Las Vegas. NV
I've tried so hard to replace you, forget you, bring you back, drive your memory away....but i know you'll never be here again...ever...
I have an account too and browse often. Don't like the lack of information about images & clicking many times to get to origin
feeling very sickly today.
I worry about the English language when Amazon shouts, "50% off or more on women's bottoms from Lee".
#HappyBirthdayAustin said it a million times but we love you Austin! Hope your bday was as amazing as you truly are <3
poetically apropos. Nothing expresses complicated feelings across languages while maintaining cultural nuances like a jazz riff!
okay at first I was like :o!
Kobe has got to be pissed off, D-Wade has his arm all over Kobe. Should have been a discussion about a foul, not who knocked the ball out
It's Monday! Did you remember to set that one fab goal for the week? Do it now and see the results! www.IamINC.biz
What are your August 2012 predictions?
It's Friday!!!
Sleep night
bout to get on the turntables and kill it. We are packed with beautiful drop-dead gorgeous girls. Love it.
lol. :) i want to go to Canada.. seems cool..
or Kevin Jones. I agree though. 20 double doubles this season.
A boys sleepy voice is the sexiest thing ever
#HintsTheSexisWACK IF SHE AIN'T SCREAMING
I think u just did
Good night, what a long 14 hour day. Thank God for a nice break with the kiddos around dinner.
you know more shit is gonna come out
Reminds me of Texas firing Johnny Oates after giving A-Rod MLB's biggest contract. Owners expect one star to uplift team.
Survival job interviewin' -- please pay me to do stuff while I write more plays.
so glad you came! See you next time!
Regis and Kelly are still trying to get my attention. It's over, people. It's over.
I'm alright. Wait no I'm not.
those are PE's bro!!! Hahah
I don't usually SCREAM at the TV, but needed to after THE KILLING last night. To watch all 13 episodes & NOT find out who did it! Really?!!
Lol, I look like a lobster.
yur the greatest bad girl ever yu made the show 10x better than it was
I'm the type to compliment a girl out the blue, just because :)
when people tell me they just go on my tumblr to listen to my music >>>>>>>>>>
heck no! I'll be here :) I know we need to go out this weekend or next!
Be sure to check out the interview oh Mike McBain on KOMP Las Vegas 630 to 700 am tomorrow. He will be talking about the Hoka Hey.
what? Where and why?
I'll message you details
Yup I studied, sum crazy stuff right
At school working on compositing shots and working on foley. Gonna stay overnight. I don't need sleep, what's sleep? Haha!
Blake is on fire! Yay!
thats a serious accomplisment #baus RT Congrats bro! RT Just finished filming my first scene for Diesel Dongs 23
Life is only going to get better from here because I've learned that nothing can face me.
Happy Leap Year! See you again in 2016!
Just spotted Tim Robbins on his bicycle downtown #Nola. He's a cutie!
Fantastic #aam2012 session on museum PR, embargoes, exclusives, and more with and Best part of conference yet!
stop talking and let these hacks fire off these gems
must also b at policy table that allows rape n sexual assault to be biz as usual
Should we be nervous about potentially playing UCONN in the 2nd round? I feel like we shoot it way too well to be upset by them. Go Cats!
Infographics should be short and to the point, people want to be informed quickly.
Bwahaha! RT : And keeping me from a cocktail is #storymark... Pictures with voice
“: Those practices where you run your ass off. #LaxerProbz” every practice
WTH? My water bill is too damn high
That was the point I was trying to make with my daily show reference, You are more succinct and straightforward.
I know exactly what you mean!
Man, trained a little too fast this morning...think I am going to hurl.
wa ? u inboxed me on fb so then I was like blehhhhhhh oh well ( :
Going to the Polo Lounge, Beverly Hills Hotel. Will play there from 12:30 to3pm if you want to come say hi.
Woah! San Diego is more polluted than Baltimore?! RT The dirt on your city: Top 10 most polluted cities | ti.me/nQlOld
. I use it for "work"/it's my attempt at being professional.
#random. just so you know the morning show in Bmore sucks without u !
Oh gosh, I always make myself look stupid when texting people.
No worries Glad you could make it! Day is going well, Thx! Great call with the campus Move-In Picnic!
Tribe vs. Twins game 1 of 2
RT : Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by
#artpolitics politics is noise, overheard.. An intimate relation to the political is cruel optimism.
No! Not Davy from the Monkees!! I had his poster and Barry Williams (Brady Bunch) up in my room many moons ago. :( :(
Rep. Cusack: "I am thankful that the Speaker’s office has acted swiftly in confirming that no inappropriate behavior occurred."
Ive had this a couple times. Not as fun as it sounds. RT : Dislocated kneecap for #Knicks PG Baron Davis.
shut up! What r u doing? Be safe! It's supposed to get nasty! They sent us home from work already!
My mistake. Yes, he sounded like a fool on Mike/Mike. Glad he got his face-to-face with Uthoff, time to move on.
much better than #tebowing, hey what shoes you run your marathon in? Gonna reward myself w/ a new pair after the semester.
thanks for the follow! Have a great day
"Can i get a # 7 with tator tots and a large sprite?" "Nigga we dont have no muthafuckin large nigga we serve route 44's"
RT "Don't put a Question Mark where God put a Period. #truestatement"
we received your taster app for our next event however you aren't following us so we can't DM you if u r selected.
It feels like friday, the week is going to slow.
thank you. Will save this hint for future reference. Problem solved for now.
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: Ok, fine. When I stubbed my toe this morning, it wasn't Obama's fault. You happy? Jeez.
Tell me about it then
you better or I'm going to whoop you ;)~
I LUV HI RIZ!!!!!! I LUV THAT GIRL GROUP:) STICKS AND STONES IS MY FAVORITE SONG:)
it's not too late to join :)
exciting!!!!!!! That's my goal someday.
it was a lot of fun!!!
I'm crying! I would really like have a day with you. I love u so much Christian<U+2665>.
verdasco beat Nadal..(well son of a gun). wow! congrats 2 him.
it's like cutting your wrist and bleeding to death. A slow slow death.
Could you say hello to my library school classmates? We're having an end-of-semester tweetup.
MORNING .HOW U FEELING THIS MORNING
": we ripped the Knicks heart out game 1"<<< yea yall did, that was horrible way to start off smh
LOVE this quote. It's so, so true. "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky.
Ready for Christmas to come and go
That should tell you something, Mr. Hollinger. RT ": I had Blake Griffin 5th on my MVP list. He didn't get one vote."
no, but are there in RL? ok, yes there are but you seldom get a badge when you complete one.
Glad you like them too :) Have a great weekend!
seems like he's getting all on us now...
Thank you for the follow! Hope you enJOY a cup of tea!
yeah, what are we gonna do? Root, root, root
Of course not homie!
"My mom and dad are gonna be so MAD at me!"
double or nothin this year
Q4: Integrate! How to train health providers on non-medical factors that undermine
RT : It's the most wonderful time of the year! Apps for our Childhood Cancer Research Grants arriving for today's deadline!...
Tonight! Take a time out with , & ! 10:30pm for FREE at !!!!!
Best to you!
Why choose?
why are there 3 police outside of the new Bottom Dollar everyday? And how is it possible that you aren't making jokes about it??
that's what scares me...
really? They just don't want people to know the truth. Conspiracy? Maybe. Sucks ass... Yes! I got you!
don't agree?
we should start restricting use of the microwave to paying customers.
Next Level Marketing: you will attract you to your own business first and foremost! Lisa Ann at American Wedding Project
Join the ranks of expo prize winners. Stop by booth 6703 to find out how to win an iPad.
maybe i should get a new account so i can be an opinionated bitch on it. or maybe i'll just let loose on this one
The Good Wife is as smart and mature a show as any of the current critic's darlings.
So many people in NYC dressed up going out for Mother's Day. Wish I was in LA today so I could see my mom!
Two ways to join us this weekend - tonight at 6:45pm for Shabbat services, or tomorrow morning (8:37am services, 10am for our youth class!)
On my way RT : is in the house today for #ahaa2012 #latism (@ InterContinental Miami Hotel)
#MacBook Apples MacBook Air has fortuitous timing in face of hard drive shortage
we'll see
Q for the developers... in ME3, will the Mako make a reappearance?
I do love that dress. Red is my color. How are you doing? Miss you.
STILL have not heard from my baby!!!
Strength is noting more than how well you hide your pain.
Give me a sign, I wanna believe.
Fugg y'all everything y'all say...
good shit niggahs!!! That's what I like to hear
Follow the cause "Not Wrong Just Differnt" Changing Autism in a Musical way #teamfollowback #Autism S
yes. It's right next to oil can Harry's. On 4th.
ITS NOT LIKE MY SUNDAY'S ARE FULL ANYMORE.
Always should be someone you really love. ;)
Lol yeah“ Can u talk this letlate??? Lies“Some of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me! I run stuff! Aha shut up!”
I hate the feeling of the need to get something off your chest but it's not the right time for it.
Dinner, movies, sex, walks, random drives etc. Someone to be with this summer would be nice. Over the single status.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I don't even know why Network Solutions offers a VPS service. It's terrible, unsupported, slow, and no one in support even understands it.
Love your enemy and treat others with respect as if every day were the
Register down at Starbucks = free coffee :)
RT : an ex is like jail.if you keep going back, there must still be something you haven’t learned.
Legit: NYCers want my Groupon for 1-month/personal training at Health and Racquetball Club? Joined a gym, don't need it! DM/reply to chat :)
Oh awesome! Is that movie available to see online? Trailer on youtube maybe? I'd love to see it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to my last two shows of the year! So much to come in 2012 :)
Bhoys the game vs. chelsea in NY is going to be real close to our first leg of the champs lge qualifier AUG 31
#worldcon multi-person masquerade contest entrant reveals itself to be the most elaborate Rick-Roll ever.
I'm aware of them, but I'm suggesting integration on your webpage to make it a one-stop destination for info.
this is amazing.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3g
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "#QUESTIONS...If I Experience You, What Will I Experience."
#OneDirection AMAZING job you guys looked as smashing as ever. Too bad didn't get slimed. ;)
Up late watching "A Rage In Harlem" on Blu Ray...one of my fav movies.
“: Hulk & batman are hands down the tightest super heroes!!!”also spiderman"
Today's BTU inspiration: "A mother is not a person to lean on but a person to make leaning unnecessary." ~Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Chrysler, minivan heavyweight for 29 years, mulls next act Almost 30 years after the minivan was introduced, after attacks from all sides
Can we get a vial of that to keep in the studio?
Amplify the aura! #MCN2011 keynote.
Dislike the new color question-WHY do we need to take out crayons?! What was wrong w bears?
I love cuddling ;)
will be "away" for an update starting ~4:30 pm pacific. I should take about 30 minutes. See you soon!
My birthday is next wed. you know what would be a great gift a spot for a general in july.
I promise the Michigan family and fans I will make you proud again.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.-- Eleanor Roosevelt
Frank Thomas
Mark Barron wins award for biggest gold watch of this years draft
Just hanging out with my son at his school for lunch,
I'd say good luck, but you probably don't need it. You'll be brilliant!
No school for me tomorrow im off too texas :)
The rumors are true... Us, Today's first album "RH Sessions" is now available on iTunes!
Again, maybe 20 people out of one of the largest fan bases in sports said something. Is this news??
haha I have met him before though when he was dating the cheetah girl
well thank you! Tell your friends about us! help us spread the word if you don't mind!
Back into the Matrix! This time it is encapsulating my tone generator. This is getting interesting!
Sag Actor available if needed for your projects
Anybody else remember their ICQ number? Mine is burned into my memory forever (11481548)
I feel like weight watchers for men would be more useful to me than the normal chick version given the amount of beer & bar food I consume..
#Dolphins draft key #12: Do not believe any of the crazy, ridiculous, silly rumors out there before the draft. They will get your hopes up.
Thank you so much! Hope you and your family had a beautiful weekend as well!
"I was so lost. I looked left and right to no avail... That's because I never looked up."
I bet the one in Times Square is a nice, relaxing place to catch a meal. If it's not, I'll blame you.
No relation to Colin lol
Ugh. Wasting valuable writing time waiting for my computer to work
BACK N DA DAY IT WAS I HAVE A DREAM BUT NOW ALL I HEAR IS I NEED SOME WEAVE!!!!!
This whole being a dad thing is awesome w/
#ChicagoBudget specifics: The average Chicago homeowner will pay an extra $120/year as water and sewer rates double over the next 4 years.
I have been craving Chicken Parmesan for about a week. It's my favorite comfort meal.
Thank goodness :)
Hope you'll listen to our benefit CD for the Tells Twain's life in spoken word & song. Eastwood, Buffett, etc
Sigmund Freud~ Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
Who's coming to the #168HourFilmFestival this weekend! I'm getting my weekend started now!
When Wal-Mart first came to California, I thought it was a store selling wall art.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm so annoyed #GoingToBed got better things In my life to worry about !
Hang in there. I get discouraged sometimes too trying to promote music with little response, but I have fun and keep rollin' on
#ThingsILoveToSee my grandmother
How your family gone be your enemies.....Dirty World.....
Beyond tired
Welcome into the sign of Virgo;-)
WE ARE RECALLING WALKER TOMORROW!!!!!!!
Why wait till after Labor Day? Start your degree on MONDAY! Charlene would love to hear from you! 1-616-603-6942 It's time to #shine!
I will never sell my soul to the devil..real nigga from the start ,real to the end
i got my life 2gether, instead of u all n my shxt. . . try 2 catch up hunny doll
That would be awesome! The snake got a bad rap in Denver!
“: Let's break a leg. ” LESSSGOOOO
wish I could help XD
An amalgamation of film, food, reform, debate & democracy... just the way we like it! Mondavi Institute Love Lunch 5/24...
yes the Ray....had me lookin' like who??
NYT article: Good job on not calling that thing a "smoker". It's a grill. Let's go get some grilled brisket! Wait..What?
idk y my baby daddy stop fucking with me he stuipd he lost sumin good
working on a new song. Got a Led Zeppelin feel to it. Just need a melody and a chorus...hm I need ideas people.
For the record, every1 I've spoken w/ lately about Paul Allen tell me he's re-energized about the Blazers & possibilities around draft & FA.
During highs and lows of life, it's supporting football/calcio teams that give you some great moments! Grazie ! Today was amazing!
TSRT RT Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
safe travels!
your welcome
War. Rape. Murder. Poverty. Equal rights for gays. Guess which one the Southern Baptist Convention is protesting?
Man we enjoyed you guys so much, hurry back! Well bRT : thx bro! We enjoyed PHX when we were there...
Mention me if u a Mahomie
lion and bear has a drummer! so pumped CJ moved to Nashville! Watch out!
Friends,watch the SVU marathon on USA today&I might just pop up on your screen during the 7pm episode =)
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts is a HUGE fan o breaking molds and creating new outlets to express rselves
To many people want attention from celebrities. Just remember there human beings like us not super hot aliens ok?
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." -AC Clarke. See you in the morning!
RT : Indiana just stole one in Miami...wow.
Um this 6 grader his name is Angel B ...
Haha!! Cuz we GOT IT LIKE THAT!! <<<< I see hahah that wassup, yall hook me up!!
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you had a great weekend!
you've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice
Guy in front of me at the post office is playing bongos on his bare belly. Really, sir?
Depressed.. If is in the UK I need to see him!:( 9th june!
o I'm very scared of the saints and 9ers, saints can outscore us and SF can stop us
#musicmonday Shut It Down - Pitbull, "Can't nothing hold me down, I'm gonna touch the sky"
Jazmine locked me outside :(
RT Happy Womens Day! We do what we have to do! Another example of
Clever. Come get it.
Tweaked our house sausage recipe yesterday... it's kind of some next level stuff.
Hola friend Good morning Happy February.
We're happy to welcome our new partners! Big things to come
Recording dekepod, a panel of photo shop experts, at the studios
I want a IV drip right now
Shit I need Help Promoting My groups Musik Message me ppl i need u lol
IPS Has Asked Me To Put Together Some Workshops To Help Motivate Black Fathers To Be More Active In There Children's Lives. Need Suggestions
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... Your enemy snipes you, BMC's cause you respond. THen locks their account up.
love your video on twitter diigo delicious devonthink scrivener workflow. just got devonthink and am building my flow now
"Truth is generally the best vindication against slander." #quote From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
I bought a newspaper today and loved seeing 's face all over in multiple sections!
DO YOU LIKE AMERICA ? #followme #askzayn (:
lunch food hungry
Where can I get the best bowl of Pad Thai in all of New York?
Peanut butter on ice cream
Last weekend planted a new herb garden, lemon and lime trees. And the mint is growing like mad. Now we just need the Bajan rum & I'm good!
Oh, right. is awesome. Too bad the BoR doesn't pay that! Gotta be < the BANK they're spending on D2L.
like it was so long ago huh? Even though it wasn't it was like only five months ago berly !*)
I know a couple people that gotta 4.0 and smoke daily..
Had a wonderful time this evening CTJR with Marianne Solivan.Her voice allows her to move from one genre to another depending on the moment
A bow tie wearing white boy !!!! WTF!
Had a good time tonight
Lol. You should be easy to spot, then!
Happy Fertile Females Day , <3
I am a Filmmaker at heart. Appreciate all that goes into the final product. We must remember the business of show business.
Woah. That looks amazing.
That's one of the clearest memories I've ever had..
Congrats and good luck! RT : Just signed up for my first race with training starts tomorrow
On the way to #trekworld !
Congrats ! Great partay w & every1 else!
In Grand Central Station while a movie is being shot
I wasn't expecting it, but Blue Like Jazz was awesome! Go see it if you have a chance.
RSVP done tickets printed!
Come At Me Bro Lol
should be fine for this series, only worry is if he's not back for the celtics. That would be a big blow.
a drop in the ocean... a change in the weather, I was praying that Niall and me might end up together
Neck hurts...
nothing like a 5.80 trifecta payout....just as thrilling as a 1000 dollar one with the Black Caviar involved
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
No problem :)
RT : Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.
What up, what's happnin', all u haterz
Hope its nice out later, I wanna go fishing..
Sorry I'm not the girl you thought I was. I'm just me. xo
I like to believe that Google was founded in a barn in 1904 by a young entrepreneur named Bartholomew Google.
B/C goal isn't 4 "a kid to go for a complete game" it's to WIN the game. I'll try again he's SCOTT DIAMOND! Stats tell U why
got to experience this last year at Julliard. Wonderful inspiring piece.
what's really going down big dog?
Oh we're half way there, woahhhhhh oh it's our sophomore year <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
D:hive is to 1,000 likes! Share our page with friends if you've benefitted from D:hive already!!!
Blueprint 2 a gift and a curse
RT : Congrats! That is awesome. Love the idea. We may have to plan a trip to the 2013 Arts Stroll. :)
RT If you can't deal with a #Cancer's mood swings then you don't deserve their love.
Finished #gameofthrones book 1! I think I'm in for another 7 book commitment
It would have to be a pretty big book.
SOLO SHOUTOUT-----> follow them!!!
I love my neighborhood.
US spec car, I doubt the software has been upgraded but I could be wrong. Maybe I should shoot for 140? ;)
don't remember, lol.
Eating again :)
you're the only girl that can rock red hair. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
did you have Rosin then? Yea well interesting thing is next year it will be freshman and Upperclassman orchestras.
congrats and keep it up!
Comedian Jeff Allen- FREE show at Legacy on Central @ 6:30! in about an hour!!
I need some forty yard dash to get me through today. how soon until the next write up?
I wish I had my best friend when I'm feeling like this
well it is englewood......
Boyfriend sprained his ankle wahhhh.
Dennis Gannon (Microsoft): cloud services can provide a sustainable model for data access and analysis to long tail science data
Wimp! Around here there's no going back. Time.to save some $$! :) PS U have a twin!
thanks for being so patient
Hopefully the game will be under control and he will be able to rest and won't have to.
you nvr know wat you have till you almost lose it or lose it, i dont wana lose it, im not gonna lose it. im gonna keep it. ive BEEN in love
oh, I'm sure they make up half of mine, I just don't have the energy...
It seems like the harder I work the more behind I get!
you have energy for regular tweets?
So, after you reflect on that, you should go out and hire a lawyer. We are wonderfully helpful people!
that last tweet made me laugh out loud!
re: impact - I wish I knew. Similar to the impact of a publication, I guess?
Follow me on instagram:
Suggestion: America should pay their soldiers Hero Bonds instead of dollars. It Just happens that they hold the same value.
Experimenting with the new sonic sweet potato tots and popcorn chicken
CITIGROUP is the world's greatest bank franchise. Buy. No more government ownership
This walmart chicken>>>>>>>
You can celebrate my b-day as much as humanly possible... no harm, no foul ;)
Well, I got 13th place or something. About a 17:09 so I still gotta get my time down. (5k)
I'm still a little disappointed the #Rockets got eliminated from the playoff chase for the 3rd consecutive season.
Why doesn't Bynum stuff it more?
Smudging out
oh well. It's gonna be gone tomorrow..
aww thanks! You too!
appreciate it. Ill give it a listen
There is absolutely NOTHING as wonderful as hot water therapy after a long day of raking leaves and cleaning the yard! aaaaaahhhhhh!
i thought that said "at the end of the day we will always be on each others insides" lolol
Thanks for listing us! How's it going?
some guys complain about fake girls who want real men, but those same guys go after the girls with fake nails, fake hair, & fake boobs. haha
Ethan is VOLUNTARILY playing with Jacob right now and I am besides myself with joy.
Love the life you live. Live the life you love -Bob Marley
Bring it on!!
I need to wake up and realize dat maybe it ain't meant to be that it will never be a me and u again but wen u really love a mufucka its hard
It's Cotto vs the world tonight.. Mayweather gets paid 32 million just for this fight. How much would he get if he fights Manny?
Dove men's+care products rock way to go
in about 10 more years these "Mutts" bout to Take over, White nd blacks bout to be the minority lol
settling in to watch the PACKERS!!! It is going to be a good game, with a packer win!
Coming soon! The 2012 design! We hope you love it!
As of Monday the state of illinois owes my company $1.5 million.
good game today, sky is the limit for you my man.
Thanks appreciate that AND thanks to everyone else for the nice comments earlier today!
Song stuck in my head all day long
In 1911, a fire tore through a factory in NYC, killing 148 women. Tune into tonight on MPTV 10 at 8 for
Thanks for following. I'd love to send you a copy of The Birthday Questions Think you'll like the idea.
Pedicures and Manicures with my Momma :-) >>>> <U+E106><U+E253><U+E31D><U+E303>
so bad lol
Ate 24 wings and now country drunk with some new friends
most def! Wish I could make it to the panel!
Sounds like an awfully long flight....
checking FB for updates on everyone. Happy holidays!
I'm in such a peaceful mood tonight.
who's performing?
Doers out there show yourself !
Good morning. Today is a great day! My juries is this morning at 9:24am and after that can we say SUMMERTIME! :)
that's good
we got 3. Normally get 3 of whole for our girls & 1 of skim for us...roughly do that 2x a week ish. Lol. We love milk!
Bats were cold but pitching was HOT!
free no bullying patch with team order
RT : to play the for championship this Friday in Virginia. A quick rundown on the...
okay let me call you with my imaginary phone!
that's what I'm talkin about!
Looking forward to see y'alls reaction to "Richard Nixon" video droppin' on President's Day
Kansas City bound! Someone text me.
real talk...
25% off ALL Bob's books
booyah! Well, I love #BCEagles but I hate #FireSpaz. Not exactly the same thing, but still conflicted.
RT : Right now God is working and you will see what He's doing at just the right time. He may not be early but He won't be late!
Good to see another Councilperson start tweeting!
what's up nigga
haha thanks. I really don't care tho. I just hated the class
26 'likes' to 600. Tell your friends about LOSING GROUND!
We are getting EXCITED!!! Our biggest sale of the year begins in just 3 days!!!
Oh no!! not again. I love this crazy, super funny episode of
stop in any time we have Two Week Trials for all first time members.
HA HA #gowhiskey is right thanks a bunch!
Hi Alex. Wanted to talk with you at the PBS mtg. Will you be tomorrow?
Police, OWS Protesters Clash As Authorities Clear Zuccotti Park
Hey & , I found a mystery gold bracelet while #springcleaning! (Real question is should I turn it into my landlord...?)
Dan #Cortes: The hair of a young Luke Skywalker.
Never Pear
no problem
Harry of course! Can't get past those curls and green eyes ;) not to mention his amazing voice!
Gorgeous, congrats! Bring her over here if you need to get out. The gentle hum of the printshop will put her to back to sleep.
lol I wouldn't faint...I'd just be in shock
Smiling Moose tonight Live performance by Paul Jay Slimick and others. See ya There!
I couldn't forget you if I tried. <3
i know your shoes so much better than i know you, but you're so much cuter
That's now the second air conditioner that has caught on fire in our apartment in 2 weeks, battle back equinox
#BreakInTechniques Bend the shanks, bang the shoes on concrete, soak them in water, KILL THEM.
went on a ride today in perfect weather, could've used a ride partner. Hope you're enjoying Lebanon!
TXT HER
No problem!<3 i see the hate you get & i cry seeing all of it. You dont deserve it. Im here if you ever wanna talk.
A reminder of why we are do what do here at Just In Time
can't wait to hear more about #Cult ! Been sending you good vibes!
The #42 is looking out for jet dryers to draft with :(
Yea, not a scent one would like to have in your dreams... or the sound effects. :)
u guys have the weirdest conversations lol
Morning Tweeters, breakfast than off to start my day.
I SWEAR THE WORLD JUST DOESN'T WANT ME TO MEET A JONAS
Robert Stebbins on serious leisure: hobbies are parallel careers & make real contributions to discovery
Dealing with the messy fallout of a Turkish SQL injection worm. Not what I was hoping for today.
“ Putting my number in a tweet is the most unsafest thing ever ;o”
Forgiveness is the scent that the rose leaves on the heel that crushes it.
Look at your discover. You'll see ;)
Doctors office /:
RT so they'll invest money in a backup qb? >>> I think we saw with Kolb how valuable an asset that can be.
thanks! My concentration is in computer applications and Archaeology, but I don't enjoy Archaeology much anymore.
Excited for member party on the campus. Speakers are President Young, and
Word to avoid at all costs: Dated. Try Vintage. Try Classic. But Dated? Run-Forest-Run!!!!! Let's #GO get it!
lol that was a long time ago...
Off to help teach 10-11 girls how to use lilypad arduinos!
Beginning on 3/28 we're doing Chocolate & Wine Mondays every Mon. from 7-9 PM! This Monday we'll be tasting the Paumanok 2007 Merlot.
Now is the time to be on Twitter! Big news from and to all of our friends in just a few more minutes!
Just checked out 's walkthrough at and am swooning.
Sorry to hear about the car accident! Hopefully Santa will bring you a new car
Is there any doubt?
Winners share at The Players Championship this week is $1.71 million. Total purse of $9.5 million.
cut it. I hate my hair.
THE BEST THING ABOUT ME IS THAT I NEVER LET WHAT OTHERS SAY CHANGE HOW I FEEL. YOU BETTER PUT SOME ACTION BEHIND THEM WORDS!!
They'll post it online in a bit and we'll get a copy.
Constant Contact is advertising with a live read on B93.3?!
LAPTOP TAKEN AWAY FOR A MONTH TOO........ FML.
Runnin out of paper, writtin on my hand.
I am rather excited about this year - especially since I can just take the ferry over each day!
The 2 lovely human beings Alex and Jack on Punk'd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I can`t forget a fan like you! You`re awesome!
hehehe! I'm about to take one now
Today in #Theatre history (1917): Helen Hayes was found and named the star of Pollyanna.
Love our new Follower from "across the pond"...how's england holding up today? :)) Would love to come catch Wimbledon this year
You Suck
I think they are counting their time as Vs. as well which was pretty much, where in the hell is that channel?
what's the best way to reach you?
After the third yolo im not taking u srsly.
I swear everyone at school knows everything i do, and i dont know how the hell how , im not even joking
headed to Tampa bay? Damn! Good luck mike, #RedSoxNation will miss you.
how rude!!4real
We are happy were able to provide an alternative!
A friend told me how wonderful you were to a group of kids in Boston @ NikeTown. Thanks for caring so much for the youth!
What did you do to get internet famous? Or intranet famous at work?
My Adam is sick :(
Watching One Direction on Icarly. #OneDirection cutie's :)
...that moment when u realize u could have slept another hour and still been on time...
Lmfao im late to school again xD fuck it thug life lmao
Unfollow this page and follow my new account now
turns out it's mustard. They do have plenty of mustard here. Fancy stuff!
has so much to do. Mexico in 4 days. G-mother said "You never know how you'll return." So, I'm cleaning under beds, couches, bookshelves.
Today's soup is Italian lentil. Come eat with us. Patio is open!
About that length of time mr prez it's getting short
The top four teams in number of picks for the 2012 NFL Draft were all SEC schools: Alabama (8), Georgia (7), SCarolina (6), LSU (5).
still like Coca-Cola logo better than pepsi logo.
I finished installing my work last night at Gallery Black Lagoon. Hope to see everyone there Friday night!
some and it's gonna get tough. Just fight. Fight fight fight. I struggled. Huge regret. Just fight and you'll be great
I told get a gotta girl but shit she dont care
I tired going to bed alone.
My baby always want kisses when she wants them. But as soon as i try, she says no or ignore me
on second thought now that you can afford that view how about Crain's sponsoring the fireworks instead of us "peon" taxpayers?
I learned a 10 year old boy in my town died of NF. Parents have a website and I keep forgetting to send it to you.
“: Oh, you liked my picture from four months ago? You obviously weren't stalking me.”
Can't wait - see you Friday!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 15
Self must be crucified, dead, and buried with Christ. If not buried, the stench of the old man will frighten souls away. -John Hyde
morning babe...
So good to hear. I'm excited. Preparing for a trip this summer. Also, jazzed about 20% student discount in store.
Tweeting about football players punching themselves in the helmet?
3 years of work creating a new mls, no borders and global
Dear everyone to whom I was recently explaining what "ratchet" means: This is trending at the moment:
Yess! We've been looking forward to it all week!!! “: see you tonight!!! #PARTY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>”
:O I didn't even know follow you was out on ITunes! I'll have to get it!
and 34 year olds, trying to look 17
answer your phone! RUD3333...
See you soon :) RT : I'm on my way
Should I watch #Budrus or should i read some more about Islamic feminism?
"Burger" is a weird word.
Interested in learning about or ? We having a webinar coming up and will be happy to add you to the list!
really?! Are they just in Chitown to see you?
Just realized: 4 1/2 weeks until I graduate. So much to do before...
Dbl gallery opening TONIGHT 6:30pm Dawn Currie and we have a book signing w/ Joyce Athey. eccoffee.com/events.html
Romney says "hijinks" is the new name for "assault".
Hey EASTSIDE? This Friday ROSELLA we'll be in Mentor rocking the Live Wire Club with 2nd Half and Impending Lies! Free tickets are available
BoW BoW BoW.......SMH BoW BoW BoW......FLOCKA MooD.! LoL
Culture King visitors are AWESOME.
A two point win meant a lot for NMSU at home. For us it was just another Saturday. We had a shot to win it but never scored again after 14.
what's wrong with me :-(
Celebrities out and about
what up girlie!!! Busy Busy Busy Keep up all the good work' You're super talented and im proud to know you
and so what I'm not talkin about the game tha fk ! lol
Waiting in the RAIN for first SXSW film. New experience for me! :-) Hope we get in soon!
Nobody doesn't die a virgin, life fucks us everyday already .
yes, me too. Re your dm about twiter. I tried to dm ya back but td was acting up lol. Thanx for heads up. :-)
Im sure you still looked amazingly beautiful, Hills! :)
thank you!! It was so lame!
Any of my New York friends looking for a computer savvy graphic designer @ their company? My brother is moving there in Apr and needs a job!
I'm honored :) thanks for following :-)
yeah no kidding. I guess I need to make nutella crepes next weekend now...
#IDidntTextYouBack because..well...I just didn't want to. You sicken me.
He can fuck you good, but I could fuck you betta!!!!
MCA, I hope you're getting down with no delay.#RIPMCA #Beastie Boys
An oil boom in North Dakota is drawing more exotic dancers to the state that's got the highest percentage of churchgoers
Its Friday #teamhot1061 hope you enjoyed #BBMS ! up next!
Just got off the phone with my Ameche and sis in law I can't believe they walking to Douglas its kind of #spicy outside but hell they bored
So excited for brunch today with the author of !
Accident: BYPASS&MCINTIRE RD CTY: 2 vehicles involved - smoke coming from on of the vehicles
Holy crap, they added a lot of stuff to the Chrome Web Store since last I looked!
question?: out of the 7 candidates left who do you think will drop first? My bet's on Huntsman. He pulled a Giulianis with NH
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
really!? well im glad im the best tweet you seen all day :"P
I break relationship molds.
We want to use mobile to engage in conversation with people in the galleries -
Gift Idea Shoppe is giving a prettyNpink bracelet away: Recognize someone that has had cancer by sharing @ www.facebook.com/giftideashoppe
Dude. The weekend is almost over. Fuuuckkk! <U+E40E><U+E421>
What an amazing weekend in CHI CITY... Didn't even have time to tweet!
Was ESPN just showing a raven atop the backboard in the Rose Garden?
Been there. I bought a pineapple then had to go to the ER to have it removed.
Ok. Will do!
sick! Coffee is taking over life as we know it
Much obliged...you have yerself a good day now... :-)
Let me know how that one song is on pro guitar.
yes you are! Don't worry, one day you'll see yourself as I see you :)
Thanks Leo! I'll post pics and video soon!
Thanks! Made me think a lot of your rec of Janet Malcolm.
Great job Tiffany! RT : Sake sake and more sake flowing !!! Thanks for the warm reception...
Thanks, playa. You do the same. Check out "Crawfish Bottom" on FB or listen to the Craw interviews on webpage.
if it were a 100 white guys would it hurt worse or would they just take you to Denny's afterwards?
So precious! You guys make the best babies :)
I hate it when I type the wrong word correctly ..... Game on :-)
There was something special about being a Jet one second, then a war machine with a push of a button.
consider some things as a blank slate. as if authorities of the past are no longer relevant. as if the people who got their way were wrong.
I saw that too. Do you know what happened?
Literally when I think back at some of those things. I was just stupid.
;) def a pleasure!
OH OK IDK EITHER WAT I HAVE UP CAN'T DO TO MUCH HURT MY SELF ON THE COURT YESTERDAY
I wasn't ruining your ever-original "Scott Rolen is so old" joke. Okay yes I was. But Frazier DOES look like Pat the Bat.
idk I'm on there now. Hopefully he's not in there overnight lol
THE DEVIL IN MUSIC, the last Julian Kestrel mystery Kate Ross wrote before her untimely death. Have been saving it. Gave in.
put him in a body bag Johnny
thanks everybody for the #FF, S/O, RT this weekend. you guys are bad ass!
for the record, I am trolling you.
picked us the perfect seat outside at and the conversation flowed. I wish you could have joined us!
Winter is here.
4 guys I really like. 3 are interested in a relationship with me, but live far away. The other I really like, doesn't want a relationship.:/
I was at the game.
RT : THINGS JESUS NEVER SAID: "I'm giving up chocolate for lent."
It wouldnt have to be this ugly. You can still delegate / send notifications in js and use setters for named args
we need more of these
well i didn't put colors in anyone's else's hair today
I had lunch with my Mom today it was nice!
hope you had a good birthday! Goodnight c:
Sitting by the bay with the homies. Ready to catch some fish Tom
Why You Should Visit Health Forums Before the Doctor
Work never ends with a perfectionist
what happen #billboards2012 ... il volo didnt win .. get the next if il volo do not win im going turn off my tv .... is better thing to do
Thank You CC tenants! We collected over one full barrel of non-perishable items for Feeding America yesterday during our holiday luncheon!
battleship was a good movie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Q: what kind of messaging and toolkit will come out of this? A: fact sheet, posters, video, advice tips
You must've never seen the movie. I'm like Brad Pitt in many ways.
Now you have something
- You should thank him for being such a loyal fan and supporting your film.
really good to know! Please put some vids/EP out soon!!:)
Of course we hav eour ups and downs, but I gotta have you around.
i am very well thanks
FOLLOW KUEEN OF KRUNK!ANYONE WANTING AN INTERVIEW ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CONTACT JENNIFER @ 2107846094 OR LEAVE MESSAGE..HIGH VOLUME PHONE CALLS
aaarrrgh visa IS everywhere I want to be!!
follow back faggat
follow back?:D
Katy Perry Performs On American Idol
I guess it's too late, Guys... So #ShadyDreams Fllwrs. Goodnight, brothers and Sisters :D
Your welcome sweetie and most definitely I got you!!!
We hope to connect with as many of you as possible and Build a newark list Network that Is a Resource to all!
If you are ready for baseball to start, click "like" and let's see how many likes we can get!
RT : #Libya In 2009 UK+France sold $680,000 of "Chemical or biological toxic agents", and 'riot control agents' to
Back from dance, what's happening?! :D
just got a nice lil baseball workout in
we felt so neglected :) ...thanks for following along.
good feature of riding bus? Full cell data access. Unfortunately you'll use it for a long time because traffic is so slow
nigga u lyin im always high
I go to parties sometimes until four It's hard to leave when you can't find the door -
heres to the good life!
#ASimpleWhiteName anything thing that doesn't involve "neisha" or a ( ' )
DMX goes in!
REALLY upset that Access Insurance just told me that if they can't contact their driver they're going to try and deny this claim. Good luck.
We are not meaningless.
it's some chick from Arizona I guess.
#BOYFRIEND is AMAZING!! #Swagg ...you make us #Belieber 's PROUD :) RT plz!
After changes upon changes, we are more or less the same.
thanks Rocks!!
Love you too!!
this is embarrassing bro... I'm speechless.
I'm excited to see the results from the Iowa Caucas tonight
Really enjoyed being a part of #pr20chat tonight! Work/life balance (or integration) is important at Affect. Thanks, everyone!
In the future I fully believe I will be cheering on and all of cast for their amazing film!
Power Rangers!! Hells yea!!
hey seniors, last week of school.
you are crazy though..
do you have competition!?
Stella (age 7), re: an upcoming sleepover: "I just feel bad for Celeste's parents. I hope they're ready for it."
This has been a pretty solid weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Oi! I don't know what sucks worse: reprimanding people or being reprimanded.
Don't forget to RSVP for the OVS 2nd Night Passover Sephardic Community Seder that will take place on Tuesday, March 30 at 7:15 p.m.
Innovation drives brilliance.
I just assume they have ancient phones without a real keyboard
That said, I'm betting that Donovan leaves today with an 0-7 record.
I can't believe you did that!! Caitlin falls off a balcony & just gets scratches, u fall down stairs & can't walk lol
Drake, Wiz, Tyga, Lil Wayne & all those other stupid fucks society calls "rappers" are garbage.
My opinion is A. Jones is going to have a big year but won't sign with the O's long term b/c he wants to win. Not your fault.
lmaaaaao can't argue with that
i swear im in the studio holla
Don't sweat it time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
Wonderful #MileHighCity feels gr8 2b doubtd N prove all'them haters wrong
and for $79 year u get amazon Prime; 2 days free shipping on all purchases
sometimes less
damn im tired, this new job is exhausting
everything looks yummy!
I want to see who is listed in US News' enginnering [sic] category.
Wish I could jump through the phone and punch U in the Face....Uggghhhhhh..not. Gonnaa let u fcc up my day
RT : This year #AVTweeps ~ BIM is picking up and architects are embracing it. Have you built yourself into this environment?
Plan for the day: wake up, survive the day, go back to bed.
GAME TIME!
follow back? #boyarianator <U+E405>
I enjoy watching Anthony Davis play. It's going to be sad when the spaceship comes back for him.
I heard that Reed guy nevr wud hav made it if it wasnt4his great&wonderful basketball coach LMBO! J/K4those who dont know me
Great Tweet!! Thank you for sharing, it sure made my Monday.
cool. Gotta get me one!
I just received a text from a coworker. She's stopping at Einsteins, do you want her to pick you up a bagel?
If you haven't been inside City Hall before, check this out! Tours on 2/11 :30AM & 2/19 :30PM. RSVP to .
Enjoying cool tunes at sxsw!
Hi Susana, you have the most beautiful face I have ever seen on a woman Omg! remind me to hire you for an actress part! Lee
what you dry hatin for???
Great picture! We hope you have fun on the rest of your trip!
Bands can also be obsessed with other bands! All 4 of us have our obsessions, but we can definitely agree on The Strokes and Radiohead.
R.T IF YOU LOVE VINCENT CASTRONOVO
gotcha. That's an honest answer.
Rock on.... Hope you have a blast going fast.
looks like someone is bored ;)
lol i knew u wsnt i just felt like making a comment
Justice without force is powerless. Force without justice is tyrannical. ~ Blaise Pascal
it's like i have a kid
Doesn't that go without saying? #rookiemistake ;-) re: Know the Network before submitting your material. Pitching 101
Been up since 2am sleep is not in my vocabulary right now. It's Saturday better make it a day and get this monkey off my back.
5 - 7pm don't pass our happy drinks: $1 small sake, $2.50 draft beer, $5.50 sake bomb (small sake+large beer).
Top Airsoft Retailer Takes Aim at Facebook for Latest Promotional Giveaway
I'm sorry HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Shots shots shots shots!! You can take mine too lol
I feel so drained. Yawn. I need rest.
it certainly doesn't make you a bad person... hahaha
wishes everyone a very good nite #Smiles & #Hugs & #Love Yah's
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. ~ Oscar Wilde
I was kinda dissapointed didnt do any of their old songs:/
You mean even an episode with Will Ferrell is no good?
that juice has me feeling nice I'm telling you.
Hello how are you doing today?
it's not that guys don't want to make me theirs, it's that the one i want is still hers.
sleep schedule is messed up, probably going to be up late again doin hw -____-
Stu is a great guy! And Scottish! Love to listen to him talk.
Just got back from Atlanta where I did a video shoot with the rollexband. Those guys are crazy!
check out our fb page where michael puzzo and adam fitzgerald talk about the play!
Swimming!!! :D
Kevin's in fox lake.... I Miss you boo!!!!
(And it'll be true, actually - one of the things I love about composition is the way you can transform mistakes into intentions).
Thanks! You too!
": Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today. #BeHappyMakeHappy". I try to smile as much as possible! Joy for me & u
Amazing new #ElevenElevenWatches coming in very soon!!! You're gonna love what's coming!!!
im down
that'll be the day I drop dead lol
Hope everyone has a E.T. weekend :)
Crazy headache, need to run.
Finally. RT : Via : President Obama: "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
If it ends with anything less than President Snow getting pecked to death by mockingjays, I might be disappointed! ;)
yeah , well nice talking to you have a good day
I don't know what you're talking about...
No #FF for me?? Dang
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
yours is badass awesome Jo! :-)
Prayers to your family and yes block out the negative
Oh the times are hard, & there makin' me crazy don't give up on me baby..
if the prez is for gay marriage and North Carolina isn't, does that make NC estado non grata?
Be yourself everyone else is already taken <3
Haha , you're just beyond cute .
Yes, yes, pretty excited! Quite a journey to get there but very close.
this is the most important thing I will ever write
excellent double dose of #DTHR today - thanks and -
vsencoder won't compile on 64 bit systems because your cpuid ASM is broken. cpuid is probably a given by now. Why check for it?
Miami getting trashed.
yes sir ima fall through has gotten lost so image roll by my lonely
You know who can't say he's "evolving"? Romney.
Dear , thank you for bringing back the skunk. Love, all of the hustlers
The cake was AWESOME 's Book Signing tonight. SO MOIST!!! The Wife & Kids tore it up when I got home...LOL
NOT GOOD
and the battle for global domination continues
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat. ;)
To all fan of Keg-a-Que please help us out and post a review of our products, THX
im so proud of my best friend tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
k and make sure fridge and freezer ate both closed please you kno that stopped thing b playinnn
Thought the #gospursgo had broken through when they went ahead 80-79, but that only fueled the Grizzlies' resolve to close out the series.
(cont) a guy who couldn’t make another abrupt job change even if he wanted to. So this may work out for the Sun Devils.
Here Cancun alone!!
already got it :)
sounds like some paparazzi I know!
New year, new beginning, new start, new path, no matter what has happen in the past, there is always a future you can change.
well once i marry cody or rob we will have our connections
feel better babe
it could be the jazz, but i have a feeling that this summer i might could possibly, actually, accomplish some really important things.
is Titanic 2 supposed to be how it leads up to Inception. That'd be awesome.
got the beta last week... It's so great !!
Saw your video, The Emotional Stages of Writing a Novel; Great stuff! It was all so true! I'm currently revising my YA MS.
I have no problem with being weird. Why would I want to be like every other person in the world? It's so frinkin boring and tiring.
wats good fam. Been a listener since 2000. Thanks for the follow. Check me out www.reverbnation.com/zigzagdaarsonist
Finished day one of a Public Information Officer crisis communication training class hosted by the Dept. of Homeland Security. So much info!
#NeverShouldYouEver call me a hater i dont off nothing or noone lol #Subtweet love ya bay
can they send some headphones for me next time? I just wanna be cool.
Thank you!! *opening the bottle now*
Right back next Thursday!! #Next2Blow Open Mic
We haven't really even had a proper thaw and already... Ants! Nxt thing ya know they'll be piggybacking things out of the litter box...
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
Hey bro whered you get those Carpenter Jeans from? They even have a loop for your hammer.
cool man... photography is a cool gig... well worth the studies and learning theory behind the art...
#BnBWed 1:00 and we are pooped. Heading to bed. See y'all on Sat afternoon
Wholesale Printing - FREE SHIPPING!
is now pitching at
sounds like a full agenda!
that's why I said 'one of'... And the notebook is not the best. A walk to remember is:)
how was your week Miriam?
Most of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Sunk Costs refers to business primarily but also can be used in relationships. This means money OR time invested that cannot be recovered.
Badger basketball season opener! Kennesaw is not a real state.
oh okay! thank you (:
I can see the Falcons going all the way this year but I say that every year lol
So tired, need coffee, but its already seven, what to do about this ?
LOVED the second lap wreck at Daytona. Dream scenario. Going to be a cool night now!
It's paradoxical and maddening, but true, I think.
Peace, love & creativity
The vow is on demand n.n guess what I'm watching tonight? <33
Power flows like energy. Violence is a feedback loop.
if you meet give her a hug
Hahaha love ya gurl I mean, technically with the amount of work she's had done, her face IS new..."
Tell the people you love that you love them, at every opportunity.
Cage the Elephant, but sadly that's the only concert I've been to :/
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 2
Thx for the interview!
but I need my journalist friends :)
Have a squirrelly weekend! :-)
My little bug keeps waking up! It may back fire on me but I'm going for a cuddle!
thank u honey! I'll have a few for ya..Lol
Coming back from my Zumba class, just saw the most beautiful rainbow!
Is their anything worse than seeing an old dime piece flame that let herself go?
#Abricot in Pasadena is delicious. Fav new restaurant. Spicy pork belly sandwich. Try it!
Heading back to the studio
: where you at
Does anyone ever not regret going to White Castle the next day?
Unfff Alex Gaskarth put it in my ass please
Are you in the UK now?
Who's gonna come down to barroom tonight????
I have two canon FD lenses that have shutter issues and can't focus correctly. Are they worth holding on to?
I really appreciate all the #love you gave my blog tho u still need to chex out
Sanchez says "nothing has been too tough to handle" with Tebow around.
North Carolina F Harrison Barnes (ankle) will play vs. Maryland. Barnes was listed as questionable.
Should you spend $3000 to become a best selling author by writing one chapter of a book or should you pay your child's college tuition?
of course
followed follow back?
Fenna lay down & listen to music. I'ma read later. . I need to get in my zone. TML ! <3
Told myself I was gonna have an easy senior year and here I go adding another ap class to my list of 3 that I had already
15/hr. so boring but easy money. Only thing that REALLY sucks is the shift hour
who is Romney kidding? His plan was the inspiration, the model for ObamaCare. Smdh. Also no need to kill a dead man...
Thanks for coming by! We hope to see you soon!
Had a wonderful time just driving the car. Feels so good!
I mean, I know it's the law but they do NOT follow it consistently. Only apparently when I fucking leave my ID in my JazzFest bag. Nice.
haha -- that sounds dangerous!
Good night twitter world.7 more days till Miami
Like the idea but, while I'll happily eat rabbit, still have pet bunny uneasiness with handling & cooking
damn it, i thought that was witzigreuter!!
I love Demi so much! but MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN:D
Howdy! Any thoughts on maybe doing a thing in Baltimore? I'd be happy to help out.
happy birthday jortney!
Tell me why it's snowing right now?!!
Online presence is starting now in the Jones room
- We are excited to be featured in your newsletter this weekend!
Sent Final mixes for The Paper Trail live at the Elbo Room (Chicago) to the client. Glad he is happy with our work.
Every year I suffer through The Masters. For Hubby. And every year I think the same thing: Phil Mickelson needs to buy bigger shirts.
Tuesday: MENTAL SUPREME brings the VP of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM.
None can do it better
Naa Not Yet I Been Busy Link It To Me Ill Check It Out , How Old Are You?
So apparently Marjorie is a big whore now.
me too
I luv Quick and Kopitar but definitely cheering for the Avs tonight!
A real man wears pink...and cries. Congratulations Add Masters Champion to your profile.
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next months #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle area food banks.
I don't smoke,I don't drink I just go out and have fun with a fat ass bank <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
6 or 9 and watch some hardcore porn too.
Had to unfollow today. Valentines Day was gonna be unbearable.
its nice of u to check up on us brian.
I just had my granddaughter walk in my house so I think I will get off and visit for a while.
Wish I could go or have a cookout lol
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
Uh oh... #oomf is hitting on another #oomf baby mama. Lol she is a pretty lil mufucka tho
you guys hang in there. U had a great season and great future. I can't wait for next season. Please let there be no lockout!
"In Agricultural Production, Let's Move Forward in Compliance with the Seed Revolution!" #northkoreanposter as translated
It's music festival season, which means lots of running around outdoors and dancing at Falcon Ridge Folk Festival!
wat we talked ant earlier
Whenever someone tells me I look "really nice today" I can't help but wonder what they think of how I look every other day.
Encourage yourself
wtf, that just doesn't feel right. You should be in OKC. #MavCoverage ;~}
Of to to see Norwegian film Oslo, August 31 Great to see my mother country represented.Support your local films and festivals!
help me find a new job so I can get a new #vwbeetle. first person who does gets to drive it.
U wanna play i can play
Heading to Palm Springs Film Festival. Minimize Me is in the midday lineup!
I'm looking forward to digging through Gnosis College as well - Hume Hall is some pretty tight setting art - DvL
I miss being young.
Kobe will be playing Westbrook going forward... Ramon on Thabo... I don't like Lakers to win the series... just tonight...
What genre do you write?
Something tells me that awkward Otto Porter shot wasn't what JTIII drew up. Sims fouls out, 10 seconds left, NC State shooting two
Painting your home will make the most dramatic change for the money.
Kind Of Sleepy !
#StarWars trilogy marathon tonight!
I'm not sleeping in the bag; I'm just enjoying my privacy. (perfect metaphor for privacy settings?)
Agreed great brand
Checked it out and applied. oompa loompa doopidy dee, if you are wise then you will call me :)
Third time for the #Pens to win with a 5 - 2 score :D
Had to close the bar solo and didn't even make a bill. Well at least I have my Man Drama to look forward to,
....whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction.
Thank you God for allowing this world to have such a great singer as Whitney Houston. You are a just God and I praise you for that.
Massive Rocket Radio is going to start fresh again, w an all new facelift and a new model to follow to lend its services to SA's Music Scene
Xmas Tweets: My nephew bragging he got the prize orb with the most candy. Claims it's proof he is the 1%.
Long day ahead ...
throw a party mothafukka
Just like Hell.This bus is hot and crowded.
Starships are meant to flyy, hands up & touch the sky..we can't stop cause were so high.
Always got A paycheck never a paycut
Whoo we "We are sorry for the inconvenience" in a robot tone really shouldn't cut the mustard anymore.
everybody in my family know wat me turning 21 means!!!!
You're the only one who really knew me at all.
#exhausted....and nowhere near being done.
My instagram is always food pictures -.-
the internet...enabling creepy men for 16 years and counting.
oh trust me, I know he's real. We did a hunt here four yrs ago.. weird shit happen to me. I don't go to the bathroom alone at night
ha! Oh yeah can't wait for you guys.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday.... free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag! See you tonight!!
top tip, never push the red button with Sr. folks @ #dell #platform + #ibm if you have avoided cat /proc/sys/fs/file-max
I didn't hit you. I lightly slapped you.
#noobjections Also, good reference.
hey, should I credit the photos to u in the blog?
When he makes refried beans, he only has to fry them once
Great day today, even better night! Will spread the good news as soon as I know :)
One of my goals is to be a Grammy Award winning songwriter.
I missed your Stickam... No! :(
Question of the day, as asked by : What motivates you to click "follow" and follow a person or business?
yep im hungry lol!
#LiamNeeson is very cool.
thanks :) we'll throw you some discounts codes once the sites's up, as long as you send some pics of yourself wearing them!
Risk on! $JPM dividend boost.
$7? “: I'm having hard time seeing difference between Cora Barry's 2010 election Giant gift card ordeal and Biddle's Red Velvet
Slideshare, down. LinkedIn, downish. Internet trouble or sign of an impending #WWDC ticket offering?
Today's Feature: Tempura Fried Shrimp Po' Boy w/ shaved romaine, onion, tomato, pepperoncinni & citron aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
#nageltechblazers 6:30 is a hard time on Tuesdays...my mother-in-law can't be at my house until 6:30
s/o boss status<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
congratulations hard work paying off! Oh and happy 1500th tweet
Glad to have met you this morning at the workshop. Will follow you here. Sadly I won't be at #PAS2012 too much longer.
Learn from your mistakes and move forward with greater confidence.
Thanks for the great feature in ! We love it!!
good to see ya kickin it on twitter bro!!! Miss seeing ya at the ball fields!! How's life?
Lilys Closet - a Childrens Clothing Ministry - closets wardrobes
Thats session c301...Imagine & Dream Big. Where's the creativity?? Frustrated...
me And my bestfriend are gonna go see never say never for the 10th time tomorrow :) We love you!!!
follow ya boi, heard from TP ya'll were interested in working with me ....DOPE!!! lets get it
I'm pretty sure my new neighbors are drug dealers..
working 2 full night shoots my first time working till the sun comes up.. #RedBull to the rescue!
Auditions squared away for my new movie
Yeah, I will def be there in August!
Wow has become the 3rd most visited social networking site this past week, everyone must be planning their wedding (via )
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show 7PM EST on The Blaze www.wwradio.net featuring TY
The #tijuana craft beer scene is on the rise. When's your next trip up?
Morning! Hope you guys enjoyed your weekend.
I keep having the same dream, & I think that I just realized what it means <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0086>
I wake up and mtv puts "boyfriend" hm.
"the canary sings" - what my client announces to her colleagues when i submit copy.
Trick or treating with my family at the mall.
I do most of my parenting on Facebook. My kids post that they're smoking pot and having unprotected sex and I reply with a sad emoticon :-(.
Happy Holidays and Happy Birthday to my son Marlon who is my X-Mas present every year, in 1993 I brought home my son on X-Mas day, Peace
Kick off SugarCon in the Sonoma rm :30am tomorrow and listen to Bill Harrison discuss mobile CRM and its effects on business
Sorry, just seeing this (no notifications?). I honestly don't know. We never make it past 1st round ;)
Drop Slowbiskie and get a west coast veteran receiver in here, stat.
Who's coming to Kegs & Eggs w/ this morning? Festivities start @ 11 am!!! Green eggs anyone?
Teaching my sister to ride a bike is probably one of the many reasons why I will never teach.
Now playing "Until Tomorrow"
more like the land of disenchantment! Never hated driving through a state as much I did NM when I moved to LV!
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Did you know today is Global #Accessibility Awareness Day? Follow 2 find out what u can do 2 help raise awareness! #GAAD Plz RT
Show at Celebration Disney, Florida tonight at 9:15pm!
I don't know+ my name = Asdfghjkl
This aint even bout love........Street Beauty Entertainment loves the gurls!!!
Poll: yes or no, will the #O's snap the losing streak and get back on track?
So my alarm just went off for school... It's Saturday. Now I'm bored at 6am :/
What unreasonable request are you making today. Cynthia
Happy "Get Drunk, Wear Green, and Dance Like A Leprechaun" day! Or, as they call it in Ireland: another damn Saturday.
Suzie shut up, if you didn't want to be in the middle keep your mouth shut. How you grown with kids acting like a bully
muah! thank you
Does Wawa make a good milk steak?
Town Talk
More than a dozen friends or family of teenagers charged with starting fire at Woodburn HS at juvenile court. Waiting for hearing to begin
working on floors all week, working evenings, better than taking rain days, I guess.
"How To Avoid Dating A Jerk" workshop this saturday, must be at least 18, $10 includes lunch - some seats, 412-829-0100
Awesome! RT : I now get on orangebloods more than I get on Facebook and twitter combined
Haha yes :] 82 and 93. The greatest women ever. They hold my heart! :D <3 It's going to be just Lovely :]] What R your plans?
In rihanna's Man Down song I thought she was in front of a bagel truck.. o_O
You got my head in the clouds. <3
#1 > We need to reconsider compensation for those that commit to education. Invest in those Entrusted to inspire greatness!
Got it. So long as you have your thang ;)
its gone be weird not waking up every morning to go to school
#DanGirardiWarrior Girardi's face looked like stoudimire's hand only thing is he played still
RT To beat the best you must be better than the best. Work harder, longer to catch up. Take a little more risk.
Highlands will not give up a point Saturday! Towels will throw for 5+ Td's and runs for 4 Td's Bold Prediction
House hunting in DC... I have long awaited this activity!
No, but I'm not finding TQ&TD a slow read. I'm just...not making time to read it. :/
#FF Some of our great members:
got hoodwinked into swimming a local LCM meet next Sunday. all sprints 400 Free, 400 IM, 200 IM and an easy 50 back
The myth is strong because the need is strong.
rawr. too bad about you being so far.
Made it to time mgmt class ...just in time!
well in regards ya know at the end of the day we're no better than the nazis. I mean, i knew about kony 4 years ago.
How do you organize a space party........... You planet<U+270C>
we good
Take can't and impossible out of your vocabulary and your world will change. Everything you touch will become an asset.
Bassam's talk is next week 3/1. Today is a brown bag with MAAS alum Timothy Kaldas at 1:30pm.
I also made spicy&sweet pears!...will bring then to the market asap!, do'nt miss it it's delightful!.I know I owe you pics,that's not fair:(
“: I will personally give you a shoutout or follow if you follow HURRY :)” no you won't
Get the sparkling smile you've always wanted to start out #2011 with confidence! #NewYear #WhiteSmile www.kravitzdental.com
Ah, Twitter. Bringing the gas station bathroom wall into the 21st century.
Must move soon or it's about to be over and out Captain.
The Target by my house didn't have any Brewers gear :(
RT TransforMED welcomes the US Army Northern Regional Command. TMED's train the trainer program is a perfect fit for 15 bases.
just wondering! ;p
Listening radio in the morning. Why not
MT : Lakers much better when they feature Bynum and Gasol. Coincidence?
We're focused on meeting the needs of legal firms & knowledgeable in all Rules of civil procedures to accommodate your needs! 877-527-5737
Read Daniel Pink. Money is not always a motivator. Autonomy and respect are motivating.
Hot Dog!! Congrats to 3 of my favorite people in sports. Scotty Rolen, Jay Bruce, & Bubba Watson! Great stuff today!
Great - still an extra step, but better than leaving the browser. Thanks!
RT : Super PACs! A fact-checked, info-rich, musical explainer video from and graduate David Holmes.
Retweet it because it's funny. Don't retweet because it's important.
Daaaaammm what a fucking hit!!!!!! #NHL clean? Dirty?
Remember, weekends start on Thursday's!
Thanks for the heads up! We'll add it to our calendar.
The heat and the drought are taking their toll on local trees. Diebacks, disease and death abound. Call for care!
If I had a gun I'd leave it at home, unloaded and locked up.
Did you know Global Elements sells FB marketing packages?We help small businesses get on FB and find their customers.
: that's a natural feeling until the 1st or the 15th.
hehehe I'm the girl on the right :'P just letting you know
I followed!:D
Q5 Green bean casserole and waldor salad! Must haves at my place!
It’s hard not to surrender to the bold and comely words what sway the bloody minded what hang above the graceless herd.
Is It A Good Idea To Microwave An Aerosol Can?
just saw her second song on SNL and thought she actually did a really good job. Much better than first.
Pedroia is dressed like Little Red (Sox) Riding Hood.
Fascinating >>> : My week on twitter: 5 retweets received, 2 new listings, 125 new followers, 11 mentions
Argentum is the best place in town. Always the most consistent color output.
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose. ~Heda Bajar
But it is. RT : Baylor being undefeated should not be a surprise
I just a shirtless man riding a bike while adjusting his long, long blond ponytail off Davis Lane. It must've been 's new bf.
I have, saw a bunch of videos award shows ect. Realized no matter how cool or trendy you dress we all look like a seal when clapping
Great night!!(:
Yes on the early stuff between 02-07. The new stuff is more commercial & accessible, less blues more pop. i give it a yes too.
I have an essay 2 projects to finish a letter to write and 2 tests to take
at the family reunion, who we introducing...
he's hot
I just saw this! Much to discuss indeed, like that dress you just tweeted!
Montgomery west of Jefferson
#Stanley Cup could NBC's coverage suck any more? Emrick misses the winning goal, then Roenick breaks down on live TV
I think those are UK only. We have the journals and the mugs with those covers.
#confession I want a kitten.
It's a dying medium. I hope to be a part of the death of it.
I got a crush on you...
I agree my minds not on h50 either right now. Im thinking bout tvd too. Im sad & mad bout it too. Im shocked over it.
Cubs win!
Donna thank you for listing my Twitter accounts in the Jazzerati List. It's wonderful to have such company!
Hail to the Chief.
I guess assault and stealing is the thing to do around campus now.
What friends?
'Don't Be Tardy For the Wedding' simply isn't an acceptable show, even for reality TV. Please tone it down, Kim.
I'll let you know when I get through the entire thing...good so far.
Is anyone else super NOT excited for Monday? Let the countdown to Friday begin.
u already were! Just needed to have more confidence!! :-)
"A bloody, gods-fucked, gender-swapping, black-humored tragedy."
Lawd Sen help <in my Brownie voice>
": BK: If Edgar, Allen and Poe hit free agency Rex Ryan will try to sign them as the #Jets mascots."
Up next is Black Caulk (lecoqnoir) and
Forecast for Today: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73...
& are pulling out all the stops tonight. Girls on the bar ALL NIGHT LONG! We don't need a reason to party! WE JUST DO IT!
Final game today at 1pm vs. a very good Cal State Fullerton team. 3rd game in 3 days (in 43 hours to be precise)
lool hm well I gotta say kendall :P hehe how about u? :] x
I added u my skype name Samantha.bueno2 I really hope u add me plz
You aint gotta like it but I guarantee you gone respect it
Yes. And here's the discussion we should be having around that news.
sticks & stones, & weed & bones.
Do not know anything about you, but the family is blessed to have you. Great interview on FOX. We choose Justice and Life
Niggas don't want no smoke
Everyone go and follow!
Looking for more cities to beta test YouTown. Completely free & we will watch 1 hour of kittens on YouTube for every city that signs up.
Right? I live in the middle of SF and for some reason most companies don't have the infrastructure to support my building.
too much food!
I can't help telling my students to be good when I dismiss them on Friday afternoons. I already love them quite hopelessly.
I promise thats gone be my auntie at my grandaddy funeral cuz she dont do a damn thing for him but spend his money!
RT : I'm Mexican and a poblana at heart, yes, Cinco de Mayo is overrated and another St Pat's Day
Good for Kirsten Powers - even tho..lol
Two New SNO Shirts Coming!!!
I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy
A little shopping here, a little shopping there....a little shopping, here.... shopping...
when traffic lights all the way down the fuckin street are red <<<<<<<
Met a dude at the pool doing Eagle Creek! He was indoor swimming in *full wetsuit*. Not endorsed.
Heh. Seriously. One missed attribution after pumping out all that content? Harsh...
"We do not want to lose (this) opportunity in El Cajon," developer Neal Arthur tells council, still plugging this four-star hotel near ECPAC
Sure have! The Ichetucknee is terrific.Can't beat a kayak or tubing there.
Music, Corporate & non-profits trust us for CD/DVD duplication, printing & custom t-shirt printing. San Antonio & South Texas trusted.
I agree w/ ya buddy. Ill betcha he does retire. Just my guess. I like watching Eli, too.
jibs in the bibs.
i KNOW right? next time I'm in there, I'm going to rate random stuff & get some bold 'recommendations'
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." - Alfred A. Montapert
Thank you so much for all of the RTs and support!
oh I read the summary to that! mine was the one about carriers. dude, it was kinda disappointing tbh.
You're welcome!
Ate too much!!
there is a god!!!!
SMH~ totally not interested in shopping for this. NOT...sigh...could have sold my things instead-or gave to appreciated party.
College life :)
you're adorable<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i know it hurts but there's nothing much to do for her but be there for her. Let her calm down and when she'll b sober (c)
WHERE'S THE LIKE BUTTON ON THIS TWEETER CONTRAPTION?!???
UGH, people who saw avengers opening weekend and not know who thanos is makes me ROLL MY EYES IN DISGUST.
Sometimes its nice just to sit and have a beer. Traveling (even for leisure) can be really exhausting.
I cant wait to see them live!
"Remember... We used to finger each other down behind the board??"
worst schedule ever
my vote is for
Hopefully it's gunna be another good day;)!
RT : i miss the lips that made me fly.
I know your reading this, don't deny it. ;) Hahahahaha, just kidding your not reading thiss..
can't wait for tonight's #RHOAReunion Part 2 on ... Can't wait to see what has to say!!!
yes that would be so fun (:
Back from an awesome senior party! Glad I know a popular senior's lil' brother. Played capture the flag at night... Legit
ok, now you're just rubbing it in ;)
RT : #Harvard and #Stanford #endowments have nearly made up losses suffered during the financial crisis, and
lmao took your gum?
Here's to wishing you a beatific day of celebration! :) ....'clink'
Fond farewell to Shaq O'neal! Best wishes to Kobe Bryant! And a special thanks to Dirk Nowitski on a spectacular comback against Miami Heat!
Lastnight I wrote a song
Does anyone want to play some paintball? I am thinking of getting a group together to play sometime in May.
'I need to tell you something...' Oh boy.
Sorry for the delay...it was nice meeting you as well. Keep in touch.
oh, we'll talk about all that in good time :)
San Marcos Pass 154, my favorite part of the trip to Santa Ynez. Love the drive through the mountains
THIS SATURDAY at (1917 9th St NW DC) is the #CAKEandKISSES party!!! starring
Not sure that Alex Gonzalez is a good move for the #brewers at ss need more of an offensive threat, this is a lateral move from yuni
#JoePaterno - He molded men? By him NOT being a man, and stepping up and reporting this animal, other children were molested!
I was looking for it on Direct TV and they only have it in certain areas excluding Chicago
great, and I'll look forward to returning the favour... I also wanted to ask you about your trailer: OK if I e-mail you?
we are excited you are featuring #SJMO member
": #oomf is sexy as fuck, especially with them Tattoos , the things i would do to him ;-)" lick my tats Lmfaoooo
Be sure to watch tonight 8pm! Tell us where you see the posters and which ones you see
Someone come save me from all these bs people.
- they had to make the first match 18 seconds to make sure there was enough time for this Funkasaurus shit?
Black Friday is absolutely my favorite workday of the year. I've already been exponentially more productive than I was this M-W.
cool...we're patiently waiting
That's tough! You're a Spanish major? Both Valencia & Malaga are great. But in Salamanca you can do an internship w/
LOL! Not at all :) Just participating in the
Finally had my first shwdwn of the day. Bottom pr n a raised pot. Got dwn as low as $15k earlier. $27k now...
Nothing better than dinner at #HarryandIzzy with good friends and a beet salad!!!
I'm willing to hear you out, but what have the Nats shown you that gives you the impression they will make it to the Series?
Now Airing on Gygs TV. Pull No Punches
Ik im exicted for her new ALBUM !
Couldn't bring myself to read "Anna Karenina" on the train.
Hey SVP are we going to see you in Madison on Saturday? Herbie says he'll buy the first Fishbowl at Wando's......
almost at 1,400 followers, support and spread the The Sliders!
Of course! You go girl! And of course, anything for Ashley's lovely sister with a great name! :)
Spending money I don't have
I am joining the tweet world finally! Apparently Facebook works the same way so why not!
Thanks! It's version 1.1 of my app named Dark Time. Free and OSS, I use it as a teaching tool.
Don't forget about your lil' buddy Justin when you drink that.
me and my sisters are comedians.
The #223project exhibit has moved to the Leavey lobby — check it out today!
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all your latest news and feeds on the olympics and the NHL. Register and join our forum enjoy.
Don't tease us over here!
Any suggestions on other FREE cover photos you would like me to make?
eww i dont wanna talk to you you are so boring to talk to!! i'd rather talk to someone else :)
props:to_string is a debugging representation. It was not intended as a serializer. It could be added I suppose.
still, just seems stupid to pretty much guarantee them points.
then your years gonna be pretty great(:
Yay it's Easter!
Design Methods makes me want to quit architecture!
horizon league?
Anytime. I'd recommend inviting Matthew [ ] on as well. That would be a blast.
#bookaday - Dan Gutman fun - MISS DAISY IS CRAZY and MRS ROOPY IS LOOPY!
As goes almost without saying. Of course, there are other roads to that realization, too.
what up Sucka? How's Tawas treatin ya kid?
A special Valentine's Day Dedication Show is coming! Stay tuned to nkairplayradio.com for details!
The saddest part of my version of #I Am Legend when I tried to kill my computer mouse with d-con and it didnt work. Please follow Retweet!
Loved your mother's day post.
I get a maintenance screen every time I try to get past the Sale the company web pages. I can't sign up, can't even complain.
except Justin.tv only displays in flash and the app costs $5?! Bah! Next time I'm at my laptop :)
I wanna give a shoutout to the beautiful and the talented for their show tonite. Good Luck yall
Perfect weekend with the perfect boyfriend :) and the house is clean! Woo
I need ta clean out my ears :/
Bet!!! Trying get some for CIAA
might anyone have step sheets and task cards for an elementary Glogster project? thanks for any resources...
Thinking of heading down to the GO Burger truck for my #PricelessNY free lunch.
Welcome back to school! The reference desk is open for business.
Thats so true in so many wayz
Nah, I'm stuck in the '90s with a regular old phone. And it doesn't look very nice on my wrist either.
Daddy Ray is back in the USA. : )
Were my Toms wisely chosen? Only time will tell
At Smoque in Chicago having Q.
Ryan Longwell cut by #Vikings. Team could have spent his $3.5 bonus on a new stadium...or at least bribing a few MN politicians.
I am. But I'm not proud about it.
I think a common mistake is I thought nothing else had to change-- assessment, in class-- I think it all has to be reevaluated.
the pullout no matter who made the decision its happening on Obama's watch! He will benefit politically!!!
There are only as many miracles as you choose to celebrate. That must explain my constant smile. I celebrate everything
Whatever happened to commenting on the blog, probably just easier to do it in Facebook....
o where she/he live lol
Hi! Happy Morning!! How are you today? I hope you have a great day and you're enjoying your time off!!! :-) love ya! <3
It's a beautiful Monday morning here in CO! Certainly means that a great week is ahead! :)
#SometimesIWonder why the prettiest girls are so insecure.
I didnt know u could fanboy
TGIT! I don't have class tomorrow :') or any other Friday
I imagine it was scary D:
I'm sayin I lied to some females too last night lol... We was too drunk
I acctually thought there was something there.
Could the Twitter UI not break so often in Chrome, please. Thanks!
"YOU BETRAYED THE LAW!" "LAW"
Suck it Steelers
Intelligence decreases when you are a #cocky little brat about it.
I wish I could be outside enjoying this weather. :(
text me back dork
Where the eff is is he alive? Oh snap let me txt him.... Haha! i need to get on twitter more
other donation options: Paul's Place on Ward St or the Goodwills on Baltimore St (west Baltimore) or Broadway (Fells Point)
Depends how far, I guess. I didn't die in a twin prop from Toronto to Rochester in zero visibility fog over lake Erie.
I love to work, I'm a workin all the time. I can carve my initials on any ole mule's behi-hi-hind. Yodalay-hee-he he-he-he-he-he-he-he
Game changer!
rewatching #celebrityapprentice #celebapprentice & laughed at the nose pick.lol.too funny.Gotta love the Clay.
*tesco advert* all ben and jerry's is half price. Get to the shop, only the raspberry shit one is. Wankers.
RT : I’m not single. I’m in a long standing relationship with fun and freedom.
#iusedtothink the salvation army only rung bells & had thrift stores, now I know we have 15+ programs for people w/ any need. pretty cool!
haha! I'm glad I could help!
thought James was talking about riding out there to chill... I'll hit him
Big mouthed people <<<
Good ga.... This is #outtacontrol !
GREE Selects Oracle&#39;s Sun ZFS Storage Appliance, Oracle Solaris 11 on Sun x86 Server for Data Analysis
Is DVD called Chuck Jones Collection that has RTT, Cricket in Times Square, White Seal. Didn't realize all animated by him
glad you could make it tonight!
I'm glad I got your approval. I was so fucked up someone asked to take me out to a movie at a house party
what the hell did I do?
Yeah! Read up on it and now I an ready. Geez! Just following one person and got a whole bunch of tweets.
seattle is rly ugly rofl
Have about 40 more bows to make... make it stop. :)
Just over a month till the epic #KingsIsland adventure with
Who would a batlle between Godzilla and king kong? Chuck norris would win because he wins everything
thanks, girl.
hey Im good you
2. Nas - new york state of mind part 2
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
she's gonna be on glee for the season finally ;D
Just delete this account. Ppl are already saying how pathetic ur being.
Earthquake Straps! Please!
Lolz @ email chains. Glad grps going to diff teams b/c they didn't like the THREE mobile application options provided last yr...
answer: print-to-voice features are a great add-on for ebooks, though not all books offer them.
Saving up for one now, have a feeling if i get that game i will not convert.
Make that
(3) New Years Day (January 1, 2012) Tweet the pics to THIS account.... Thank you<3
I need to take my ass to LA Fitness, being a skinny girl with a gut has never been cool.
RT HEY MARIO AND ROD, STOP TALKING ABOUT THE A'S HITTING HOMERUNS
RT Live in or around houston?? let help you find a place to call your own! < Thank you! hope to hear from you soon
gotta sho this thu, however we can set something up soon! xo
Your on?
Today is #BLACsunday make sure to check out 's live stickam chat. STICKAM.COM/OFFICIALBLAC 2 PM pst, 5 PM est.
Also hate when someone reverses Likert-scale to all 1s and then goes on to love-fest in comments!
I have a sudden urge to make both crab dip and wing dip. I'll most likely think about this all week.
hugs and good vibes
Can't b an nba analyst & not follow college basketball during the season & have sound input. No Kenny...Duke never plays inside out.
Hoping the weather holds out today for my after-work cookout event!
Saw two bike cops arresting someone today in Cambridge....happy spring!!!
People sleeping on Dunkmans. Not that i give a shit but i been gettin compliments all day on em
this was such a good movie, saw it a couple weeks ago
RT : Congrats Phyllis Sager! You've won an online NCLEX review course! Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at the NSNA...
Happy Birthday !
No matter how long or how many times I do this, I still get the adrenaline surge at offer time. It's time.
#RT : #MNlove s/o thanx for the follow back!!
Ha you are crazy! When are we gonna have another bonfire?
I' miss u baby
Thank you for checking out our 3M multi-touch display. We are working on some videos
can't wait to see you @ 930!!
Sorry I've been slacking. I'll try to produce a great fart joke soon!
YES THANKYOU LOVELY
Rhetoric & DH update: impressive number of apps: 40+ from 60+ people. & I are skyping today to discuss submissions. More soon.
Trying to get in all the top docs: watching Buck - not super taken with it.
Chicago Bulls are favored by 3 points over Miami Heat in what could be an Eastern Conference Finals preview. Heat won 97-93 earlier in Mia.
ON THE WAY TO VAULT. I HOPE REMEMBERS PROMISING A SHOT. HAHA
Join our discussion on Facebook about reincarnation and children who remember!
And no goodbye: How fast did the Current/Keith Olbermann news go down? Current's "Countdown" page is still prominent on its website
Do not let Trayvon Martin's death be in vain. Fight or march for justice.
New Clues to Preeclampsia - Wall Street Journal
for a #friday nite, there are sum decent games coming on tv this evening. #ncaa,
Everyone needs to watch Derrick Rose's acceptance speech for winning the MVP. Emotions. Class Act. First words that come to mind.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate just so you know, once I'm done with my pills I'm down for sex
One great looking Saturday!!
What were you drinking on ?
trying to stay cool in face of southern exposure
ask judge Sankovitz... how many times he saw my face...
Ur ice cream just made me cuss.....in front of my mother.....a former missionary. Best. Flippin. Ice cream. Ever. Damnit.
haha, yay! a nice turn around. hopefully it stays that way.
Hanging at the event today at the Frontier Center...stop by the space and say HI!
I'm excited for black friday! I've never gone shopping that day though lol!
oh, because you sent him that picture? That's cute(:
aww don't say that! what happened?! :(
wooaahh is gettin' drunk with all those beers ! (;
NO Boo school. =[ K keep us updated!
I'm so hungry
RT : If a #Capricorn loves you there isn't anything that we wouldn't do for you.
cte gives me a circus kind of feeling and andrew with his new top hat just makes the feeling stronger
6 foot ceiling.
change in line-up: confirmed writers reading on Feb. 7 include Felicia Luna Lemus, Brendan Constantine, Mandy Kahn and one more tbd. Thanks!
I hate seeing men with long ass toenails in flip flops.
RT : Are you at risk for AMD (Age-related Macular Degeneration)? This is a chronic eye disease that causes loss of......
YEAH! Great to meet you in person! I sent you an email on SSP content. :)
When things start getting a tad bit stressful for me, I say to myself "I care about this, but NOT THAT MUCH! :)
You've been single too long if you look forward to spooning with your bed bugs
Forget the pants ;D
I thought your dress looked lovely!!
hey uncle ken!!! All is well up here! Was very sad to hear the news about grandma! How's everyone holding up?! Praying for u all!
Excited that I don't have to wait until July to see my utah homies again :)
Maddow tonight is the preacher, the choir AND the congregation. Excellent!
Crane owner found not guilty in deadly construction accident case ...
#ROC can you believe how beautiful this day is! embrace it!
Your Birthday flier will be done first thing tomorrow, just followed up w/ the designer. Saturday is going to be off the hook!
Please know that you are loved,cared for & wanted. There are people who love you and will be there for you no matter what!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
Just got some new lyrics, let the writing begin! ;)
lol it's the last one pager, go out with a bang.
Yes girl yes
Keep up the great work bro. Don't forget to hook me up when I see you on HBO or ESPN. Keep working hard!
At least he's not a lefty
I'm proud to be born & raised Floridian if it means being associated w folks like Levek , Hear Hums. Crazy shit brewing!
Mega NBA All Star party coming up next month ..hit me up to get on the A List!
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
g'morning!
lol I sort of figured
No lie!
Weak arguments. Cubs need presence in dugout who knows what it means to be a Cub. Hold players to HIS STANDARD. That's Ryno.
don't worry you will be #backontop in no time! <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
aw mom, I didn't know you made a twitter, why didn't you tell me? love you... :) miss you.. I'm going to bed now bc I should :)
Liking the twitcon!
Baylor-Mizzou! Good game with good friends. RT The game that I am looking forward to most this weekend is _________________.
i wish i had friends to go on a walk with me .
Changes in context: : Our history is being reintrepted in terms of the environment and sustainability
Another say grinding away at work. Lots to do. Coffee time needed!
We're so thankful to have the opportunity to know and work with each and every one of you and hope you have a Super Rad Thanksgiving!
met him at Curlys pub at a TV taping. Talked to him along the way out. Great guy, very humble. Signed my tix stub!!
Love that you guys have a Packer!
Staying focused on last week of work is never easy....
The game starts at 7:30, it's not even 4:30 and I'm already on my way to the arena lol
none of my stuff has come out. I've sold a couple of script, but none have gone past production.
I got some cold stone jelly beans
Four days riding in a row? Yes, it's happening. Hitting the cable tomorrow.
Is proudly and expertly caring for 150 patients and their loved ones tonight.
Make us to know your ways, O Lord, teach us to live according to your truth
Auto show traffic. Ugh, yuck!
We need a chant.
I need to be sleeping but " sons of Anarchy " is so damn good<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
yep, almost clicked but saw the link redirected to a sketchy site
you need the Cat Effects App! you would die (courtesy of )
jeez, you Sound like you like Justin Bieber.. Takin all this time to tweet tons of people hating on Justin. DUMB.
Y'all stop sendin me spans please and thank you
RT : #WorldSeries is all tied. Who do you got tonight - Cards or Rangers? RT with your prediction now.
New recording update is up in the "notes" section! Be sure to check it out and leave some feedback!
Just getting in... Good Night world!
But the amount and speed of muscle build-up will be determined by nutrition
your welcome & hopefullyy I will(:
He took one on the 1st of may and I'm just like "Oh.. New month huh?" and my mom said to him "Is it a holiday or something?" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Discussion is linking 18c ephemera to digital pedagogy.
omg im in love w #bloomingdales :-)
Best of luck. This #Bills fan will miss you in B-lo.
RT : Also, the Nuggets have added a 2015 second--round pick going to Minnesota.
haha de boa k
I say goodnight!
S.Taylor Signature Pie, serving San Diego by the slice!!!!
Booking 3 Day Cruise aboard the Royal Caribbean Monarch of the Seas today
btw who's in first? Lol
Yeah lol im laying in bed with my phone in front of my face and while i was relpying i droped it and it hit me
happy Monday love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
copperhead. Poisonous!
I wish I was the 7000 you followed!(:
indeed to the Neve ...organics
great show tonight and your comments at the end were fantastic
If the Brewers lose this one, could sting for a long time considering their current record.
Busy day at #TFOB. Come by the #NuestrosRaices tent at 1:00pm to see Rene Colato Lainez read, and me look silly in a fish head.
26.2 miles: That's almost 385 inside-the-park homers at Fenway or 736 laps up and down the Garden floor.
Better your mind than your heart.
when you ready? come out here to the east..or maybe u see me when I get to a convention out by you soon.
Another surprise gift gone! Three left...who's going to get them?
Javale McGee the worse player ever! He just tried to dunk a free throw? Foreal man!
long heel, red bottom
Someone please bring me to a hospital
Good Morning ! Have a nice day :3
New poll on website: Do you think we get Jefferson or Harrell to add to the front court?
i might love you again.
you should come to Kentucky! (: i think that should be your next stop! <3
Agree to disagree.
I hear ya there... Long day, but at least no bad damage or injuries here!
to steal one of your gimmicks
Raining so hard in Playa it sounds like hail.
If the change of pace outside the organization is faster than the change of pace within - the end is near - Jack Welch
The theme of new catalog is "innovating in the spirit of Steve Jobs." The 3 lbs of paper its printed on begs to differ.
Why is there no for women? Women hate shopping too, right? Oh...only me?...I see.
God made coke; He made pepsi. God made me; oh so sexy. God made river; He made lake. God made u; well, we all make mistakes.
lol made candy n its delicious=]
I was overwhelmed by the ARTISTRY of War Horse onstage, and overcome by the STORY of War Horse the film. Have u seen that yet?
I think it's all about where you're at... guys house, I always put the toilet seat up, but if you're at my house, seat down, thanks
GREAT concert last night featuring the JJO, BYU & Snow College Jazz Orchestra. 500 in attendance, a good time was had by all...
Smoking is related to loss of vision. Cataracts and age-related macular degeneration are two diseases caused by smoking....
lmao i wish they answer this
join the fit challenge no matter where you are in the country you are welcome to join my team
#Freeinharlem Beginners Yoga 11AM #SYVW You gotta start somewhere.
i would cry too!!! tears of joy.(:
four loose here but nothing yet. Go Bella!
Tomorrow I have a reading with TWTP 730@ the Looby Theatre. Sat a show in East Nashville supporting the Haitian community here.
Existence in itself is beautiful.
Minnesota Senate is now voting on the Vikings stadium bill
well have safe travels bro. Hope you have fun.
Great meeting yesterday with Board Member Ellen Blais & NYC/NJ Youth Opportunities Program Coordinator Sebastien Venuat in Harlem.
My bf doesn't like Disneyland... This is a bad sign hshah
beautiful snippet thanks for sharing!
COMET PING PONG ON SATURDAY!
Happy graduation day to my baby cakes !! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
why am i awake right now?.
...and wishin I were a fast-break train a just chooglin' on down to New Orlean'. Born on the bayou...m, m, m
that's good. Gilgul Hang Out would be *interesting*.
- NICE!! What I'd give for a homemade meal- tired of eating out!!
no...just get drunk :-)
As in, when will leading figures on the left call Ann Romney "fat" and "angry." Probably never.
Lord bless the hypocrites. AMEN!
thanks! I will! I have mine set too! Haha :)
Yeah, Captain America is another one that I didn't see. Maybe that's a good thing??? :/
I suggest on your next day out! It's the perfect place to escape to alone.
I'm excited for 2012
It really won't be the same
many thanks for the shout-out!
#MaryJane session with my babe ...ready for #Nas Behind the music to come on
As I am tweeting this I am talking about use of social media in
Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. ~ Tom Lehrer
I could be wrong but it sounds like we are agreeing! haha!
Thanks Man..
Y its such a turn on when women luv & know about sports???I say let's go sip &watch 2 good NBA games tonite > he all smiles.
Yeah I dont mind driving over there but we gotta wait til she gets back. I live in garner.
when is that alblum droppin? Folks gonna be on that thang!
Follow what you're most passionate about and you'll never feel like you've worked a day in your life via
Spending this week in Tallahassee was kool, and now its time to hit the road.
I gotta unfollow sum people cuz they b tweetin bout dumb stuff
Nice! What'd you end up with?
Fun new game: Listen to the Spotify 90's Hits Playlist on random and see how many artists I can name without looking. So far, 9/9.
#TurnberryToDo: Using colorful supplies, design a beach tote as a reminder of ur sunny #Miami vaca! Laguna Lawn | 3:15pm | $15
Clumsy MS Employees?
Posted a picture on Instagram and it really brought how pale I am to my attention. Oh dang.
only if i was a "fellow stoner" ......... #faggot no u did that on purpose!
Los Angeles should be renamed to SAGAFTRA, CA. Seems legit.
So pumped! RT : The ONYX chefs are ready for the #dolehealthsummit group tonight! They have a great menu planned for everyone...
or in my case red nd black ;)
congrats homie im on my way to my spot.wish me luck
Goodbye 2011, Hello 2012. Happy New Year everyone.
Peter Diamandis: "Since my early teenage years I've wanted to be an asteroid miner"
wait! My dad's gold watch is in the arcade. “: Chemical building too! ;) MT : Yeah, I'm pretty sick of seeing
How tall are you?
Puttin in WORK! RT : Great day today tho,... I got about 13 Tracks done. #veryproductive!
Tried to make it as fun as possible cause I'm back to school Monday :(
anotha one .. Reporter: what do you think about road trips? Meta: roaches??? I don't like roaches
Home now, long day, and looking forward to one indulgence, homemade oaktmeal cookies--my favorite. Please help me to limit the portion!!
That is why I have my gato. She is my BEST friend.
Brian Anderson is obviously a baseball announcer
followed them!
bahaha gonna be real good lookin! I cant grow out a stache this march since the show i am in is going on now. Its lame!
How can Will Schuester win Teacher of the Year when we found out, thanks to Ricky Martin, that he's in fact a terrible teacher?
not sure if *friends* would walk away on you
If people don't like me they should tell it to my face and not talk shit about me behind my back. js. true friends dont do that.
#sacscoc ADA compliance MUST be taken into account and addressed.
Sorry to hear it - have a good Thanksgiving!
What happened?? Our power went out due to an accident and I didnt get to watch :(
At this rate, how many Knicks will be banned from Game 2? #championsleaguerules Eh, back to the Caps.
I am so tired. its only Wednesday -___- i need the weekend.
Thanks for following from across the seas!
My wife now has the option of literally taking me to the woodshed. Our utility room outside is now for my pants-down correction.
Great display of tackling by sterling Moore. Way to wrap up.
TWEET ME
I do me y'all don't do shit
Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot..!!
I love the food channel :)
Sex without love .. is like a phone without a dial tone .
Headed to DIA on the way to Jacksonville for meetings with & of course TacoLu, best fish tacos on the east coast
you must go to gymboree. my SIL found them there. apparently they have large sizes too - :)
Remember: downtime is just as important as doing the work. Don't be afraid of recharge mode - it's usually passive, and it's good for you!
I never realized it was gonna be this way. But I guess that's the way it is. That's how it was gonna be. No one can change it. Not even me.
We are in final stages of planning for the big event 9-25-11. 50 years! Please contribute rpcvw.org
lebanon goes through to the final round of #wc2014 qualifiers for the first time in history... thanks to a south korea victory!
3 wins and a draw in my last four road games... Suck it
So I love it here and if this doesn't work out ill cry :(
#2012rsa paper printed! Looking forward to 3 exciting days in DC. 3 days of panels on my exam items > 3 days of studying for comps by myself
Back among the English...
No I agree except that Morgan was walking away, yes he was jawing at Carpenter, but he was walking away..until Pujols got involved.
's Judith Scott-Clayton talking about benefits of 's policy evaluations.
Having the worse problem ever with Serato Video. FML
Traffords traffic is
pony up for one of the new car/planes...
promo fig: IHD 20 dl in US, 6 in UK, AC 1 sale in UK. Final ranking: #679 of all books on promo. #5 of US Drama Fiction! Thank you!!!
Awesome tribute to Mercedes Ellington at the 52nd street Jazz feat. Great music, danced and spirit. Fun crowd. Antoinettemontague
. People criticize capitalism when they mean to criticize mercantilism; they don't know the difference.
interesting, I wonder what the sheet music looks like for the saw.
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that’s bad for you! ~Tommy Smothers
Me and connecting Friday night to put work in!
I am glad you enjoyed the groupthink article too. Cheers!
I love when I read in an article that some respond to a claim, at length, on twitter... 140 characters is at length now?
Awesome two a day workout courtesy of Hit Fitness Warehouse. I'm an athlete at heart
I design #custom #made #clothes join me at
Yes, Satan?
We Miss Michael Jackson - My IDOL FOREVER
you know some of us aren't studying (hardly) for finals. So chill out bro, no time to read your witty tweets.
Why is the price of gasoline going back up?.... Is it that Wall Street thinks they can nickel and dime us once again?
I'm blessed to have gone to your concert in Houston.<U+2764>
Oh my kittens. It's snowing again.
Take it you've not seen the squad then!
that's good 2 hear. Progression is key
Their is always gonna be that one guy you go back to no matter what...
21% of surveyed pubs don't check metadata at all
Thank *you* for the shout-out, !
Tks for following me! Your twitter page makes my mouth water!
oh I can't believe it *t pain voice*
My grandma said I have Obama's ears.
my dads questioning me about a guy i ended things with more than a month ago. #littlelatethere #awkward. <U+270C>
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead-to-know basis.
Just arrived in New Orleans for an extended NYE weekend!
You a Freeeakk! Lol Ion even know what to say to that haha :)
I'll be on Imus 7:35 a.m Monday morning. I have to pick 5 of my favorite songs for him to play. What would you pick?
The Sex Pancakes "Anar-crepe in the UK"
At thos point, it's the 2010 49'ers again. If their losses lead to the people in charge getting fired, I'm ok.
RT : I would like to cordially invite you to Fuck Off
#edchat #cpchat #sschat Reading and writing should be the spine of all content area teachers! For a good read , read Focus by mike schmoker
Well taffy just pulled a crown off. :^(
Watching Alabama-Florida. Played for Coach Pelphrey and Coach Pujol. Both great men and great people in this business.
can't breath good when laying down and her feet is swelling really bad. She has congestive heart failure.
Not only does reviewing for ap exams suck but the storm outside is intense
Never thought I'd listen to Mayday Parade so consistently. Beautiful music.
Words of Wine Wisdom: "Artists and poets still find life's meaning in a glass of wine." ~ Joy Sterling, A Cultivated Life
Van Halen tickets coming up next.
I'm really tryna hit up the movies again dis friday or saturday
omg whatt! i have a broken love story</3 o;
you win / 'chain so big cant pop my COLLAR' / weird when santa turns into a lawyer at the end.
Things will never be the same
I've never had it so I don't know what to expect but I think I'm going to give it a try today or tomorrow :/
: I will be happy! It doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means I have decided 2 look beyond any imperfections!
Hi John.Seth should make a podcast because is his birthday Hope you read it. I love your music, Have a nice day. God bless you!
Those chocolates are too yummy! Trying not to eat the whole box. ;)
hey can you please retweet me for all Ur dolls in phx!!!! Love ya khloe and lamar!!!!
uploading pizza to lunch reserves page.
Well yeah, they're depressed.
im going to be by your side 24/7 i love youu<33
Good luck to the #usmnt today vs. Italy.
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
Thank God we don't work in cubicles here....and thank God for technology so no one knows if we're on a patio while working.....
,NINO THE UNDERBOSS !COME CHECK OUT THA NEW ALBUM STREET SHIT OVER WEAK SHIT,HOT SINGLE NINO ,FEAT.SLIM THUG NEW SHIT!
No. No more than they are right now.
call me fam
you don't know me so don't even try .
Been Sittin in A Parkin Lot For 3 Hours Cause I Rather Not Argue! #Bullshit #CantLiveLikeThis !
Q: What's the difference between an onion and an accordion?A: No-one cries when you chop up an accordion.
awe! I love your new profile pic, btw!! So cute!
My left eyelashes are longer than my right eyelashes. Does that happen to anyone else?
that was my team dylan I was relying on them
Blah I want food.
on his way to 110K. Let's help get him there by letting everyone know what he's all about. #Class #GCF Only The Finest <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Unix is user friendly - it's just picky about it's friends
Come visit our repair facility at: 20423 State Road 7 #F-1 Boca Raton for an extensive selection of parts & accessories for your phone.
is currently pooping :)
Students & #aoahill = GREAT combo ! RT #AOA advocacy meeting in Washington DC. It's time to fight for optometry!
Been working all day on my site upgrades. Now time for bed. Another early morning.
Jamie Dimon's mom really washed behind his ears today, I have no doubt...
My cousin just got proposed to!!!!!! ah! Screw my chem final, it is time to celebrate!
Never doubt anyone…
How did I end up right here with you? After all the things that I've been through.
Tonight's pages will be lovely thanks to inspirational lunch w/ and his equally lovely significant other! Plus, I do a favor...
Is Google + the official death of Google Buzz? I hope so
Finally back at home in VA! And looks like maybe a white Christmas!
Thats exactly the idea :)
Work WITH Wisconin's citizens, instead of against them.
that's nothing new, he did that all season
I'm trying to read the books but I just don't have any time to
how what?
route 66 casino coupons
please pick me di time!?!
thanks! Hey do you have an FB account?
Better not be! I expect an exciting night, With or out out NFL news lol ! “: Quieter than expected so far tonight. Will it last?”
I hope to get down to LA sometime this year and I definitely want to meet the new lil one!
#Blazers on a 21-7 run to cut 20-pt. deficit to 6. scored 8 straight for Portland.
If it's weird, it's grand. =)
Tell me why there is actually a one legged waitress working at the Ihop.
sorry i forgot to give a fuck
Faithful are the wounds of a friend; But the kisses of an enemy are profuse. Proverbs 27:6
close enough I guess...
so that's a yes for tonight then right? Tell her my chicken is already in the crock pot and bring Mia too she was fun!
We have #Playaway accessories , check them out. #Earbuds, #headphones , #replacement battery door covers and much more. www.showcases1.com
Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
cousin's here :D
I suppose bed might be good . Gotta be at bright and early to make my peoples their donuts and coffee ..
slasherz be damned, the way you look today restored my faith in all mankind
Meet Let her know about any specials going on, and she will tweet about them. You deserves lots of followers!
Draw something! adam.zahoran <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
LMAOOO!! --> RT : If you ugly as shyt you should b nice to everyone && stfu !!"
": I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents lmaoo" I WOULD HATE TO.
Great evening hanging with our Tar Heels & Charlie, & now Trey, on Franklin St.
HAven't spoken to you in so long1 How are you pretty girl? Look at that pic rawwwwwr!
lol! Where's the Gladys Knight's sweet tea maker?! EMERGENCY
you have no idea how excited we are!!! cc
I hate not being able to say what i really feel >.<
you're welcome
wheres the pics of you hitting that trippy stick. Thats what we waiting for.
Phone calls from ATL n CALi I'm startin to see the bigger picture.
#IfMyDreamsCameTrue I'd be married to
Did I mention tomorrow i'll be getting PAID!!!!
Home from work. Time for Game of Thrones!
I can't tweet my entire book. I RT what I think is interesting. So does everyone.
We need more engaging content like you create. I know how much work this is but keep going!
Cash for Hot Tubs. You guys always have the best ideas.
And who are back up QB. Is gonna be after literally trading all of our other quarterbacks for 1 guy
Sandra, just one. I'm here to peer pressure you. It's BASICALLY summer.
At my first Diamondbacks game!! With and Julia!
wow it's gonna be special.. Poor things, they might choose to go with the bears! I'm thinking no photos? ;P <3
Don't go to bed before reading about the School Cave! Part 2 up at my blog.
gonna shout it from the rooftop...
that will happen.
Sorry, know what that's like, worked a lot of the conference and most of my free time last yr. Hope u get more freedom!
Are you ready to make it happen today? I am!
Touche, ha. But I won't let you "lawyer" us out of this discussion quite so easily. If not "punk", you could use "garage".
Betty White is endorsing Pres. Obama...mad cool!
I don't. I just have gin and horse tranquilizers.
HOLY! That looks amazing. That's definitely a meal in itself though. Too sweet for me. Enjoy! <3
LOL U been living the good life huh?? I am just chillin for a minute!!
word?! We need to get together!
You can kiss my country ass!
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down. – Unknown
I dont think you know how big of a smile you put on my face knowing that you'll be here in less than a month <3333333 #sofrigginexcited ...
<U+2640>Hope floats, So to reach it you have to rise above negativity<U+2640>
sure hope so
awe ok lol:) well I'm going 2 bed I'm super tired:p I'll ttyl
We'll certainly have to meet up one day after my return.
Exhausted as fuck
If a woman dunks in a basketball game, does it make a sound?
oh chuck.
APPARENTLY #SNAS ALBUM RELEASE PARTY LAST NIGHT WAS BIGGER THAN THE OJ CASE & CASEY ANTHONY CASE. AND I MISSED IT. CONGRATS CHIEF.
Dear "friend", After everything you have done, you have no right to even speak to me.
"too bad I have herpes and webbed feet" LMAO I love him
Thank you very much Rt Presley's career is looking like it died while on the toilet.
does your lab coat say "Pediatric Neurology?" That's my dream.
Some people need to mind their own business...
Bout to head home
And when your fucking her. I'll be in your head
Levon was and will remain the personification of true American music.
Happy Birthday Darius!
I can't believe you just said that. Take it back. Now. Please?
Coachella is expected to make an announcement on Monday. Likely concert dates for 2013, but possibly a Tupac weekend.
So happy Pka is found! Best wishes to you!
Rep. Molepske says he will run for Portage Co. district attorney.
Monaco has more people in its orchestra than its army! Lets rob them. What are they going to do, hit you with an oboe?!
I think it's funny that so many people talk about "stay classy", when you know everyone hasdone some unclassy shit in their life
“: Wow...another call...filled w/ opportunity. What a week!! And I still have the afternoon, tomorrow & Sat.”
you'll find out soon if they did!
To vote for your favorite photo, just "like" it in our Facebook photo album.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "VOLCANO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
oh my christ please tell me you're still working in olin and are willing to share thanks bye
I seen this dude get his ass beat.damn
Don't that get on your nerves QT : I can't stand people who always saying they kin to every damn body
Couldn't agree more. I'm thinking this is my last semester spring break can't come soon enough!
Should have mixed it with Cointreau from the liquor cabinet.
I moved on to drinking teat from my mug. Still on the couch.
O_O RT : The Thunder are killing the Lakers by so much, James Harden's beard has 20 points.
send me your email address
RT : Jabee Just finished an interview with from the Daily Oklahoman! Look for the story in the paper on Friday!
#amwriting and making myself giggle. This means the stuff is great... or I've had too much coffee. :)
Its so nice out, I think Ill walk the 100 blocks home
“: are u at the Peyton Manning press conference?” no sir. Im in LA
TEE TIME
I think I'm going to enjoy NYC a lot more now that I'm not a student!
Smart stuff: RT : "You can't get ahead of anyone if you're always trying to get even with them."
There'll be a break from 5:15 to 6. If you need food or coffee recommendations, feel free to ask the volunteers in gray shirts.
ima have to get wit you a ball brodie
Please mention me in you next tweet. I will follow back to.
that fat nigga
is also SO over.
RT : In order to lose $80 million, Terrell Owens would have had to spend $15,279 A DAY from his 1st NFL paycheck to his last.
Not sure who you are but that statement is false. The majority love her and are sad to see her go. Her timeline is all love
Attended the State of the City Adress by Mayor Tomas Regalado on Friday. Excellent speech !
Oh my! Too much rain!
How is it? In Austin, at least, it's apparently nowhere near as hot/disgusting as it was last week...
we'll hopefully have the demo out next month or even earlier if we can. We'll keep posted
just working my dude! How are u?
From Barcelona to Las Vegas. I will be attending the Digital Signage Expo this week. Looking forward to it!
I just finished a 4.01 mi run with a pace of 9'28"/mi and a time of 38:00 with Nike+ GPS.
is tomorrow gonna be another live Saturday??? O BUT OFCOURSE IT IS.!!!!!!
RT : Hey north Austinites! Come see me at Whole Foods Gateway today from 11-3 and try some #m coffee buzz!!
Keep up on twitter Byron. We luv ya!
you gunna be there tomorrow am?
I like where we are. Here.
You look amazing!!!Love the necklace on you!
That's what we were made to do. to love and b loved by u
Yeah my favorite person in the whole world is here this week! My Nana! Can't wait to go shopping, sew, and spend quality time with her
Throw down the mattock and dance while you can.
Q4 via : What's the funniest street/public sign you found on your travels? Photos?
The #webslam food was demolished & loved. The little left went to to help them get through opening night.
Evan Smith is doing an outstanding job pressing Jill Abramson about the Murdoch era of the Journal. She stayed classy
you should let me and write for yu cuz u ass..lmao
Every time I study finance depressing music shuffles on. #nofutureonwallstreet #butI'mstillacapitalist
I hate when ma daughters is Sick I wish I could take their sickness so they can feel betta
New Spring Lunch menu is now in production! Check out our new Yellowfin Tuna Nicoise $13
Wed. #HighSociety at Club SEXY Ladies Free & Well Dressed Men Free B4 11pm. Txt3235235851
And Julian Edelman covering Cruz. Relax.
i didn't know that. Don't do army though, do marines. But if you do go in the army, try for the rangers and maybe delta
We recommend following for Follow Friday
Because Chicago needs to know where they can find the most authentic ethnic food in the city. Cabbies know best.
then I will see it tommrow :)
Big thanks to for allowing us to meet there to hit the road today! They are the best. Be back late tonight!
People always ask me why I seem so happy--I always have the same answer; forgiveness.
Did you know that KC is the sister city of Freetown Sierra Leone which is only 308 km from 's hometown of Kenema?
Hi Carlo! Things are going good. I am much better since I had a stent put in my heart. My blood flow is good. Hope you are well.
i'm always impressed with these awards shows and the people who do the staging. they always come up with new and interesting stuff.
Day 2 and she is beating me like crazy. But I love each moment of it
Totally forgot to reply to you. Thanks for sending the articles! I'll make sure my chicken is antibiotic-free now!
I'm glad you feel the same.
i dont care!
We need a remote location for house/farm concert in Atlanta area for If you can provide, contact me please.
I could not agree more. She's the best and like you, she loves actors!
I would love to hire you to host an interactive video chat with your fans. DM me for more info.
Do about what?
yeah that's what the pass was:p
Are you a pinball prodigy? A high-scoring Skeballer? If so, checkout this 52% off offer from Nickel-O-Play. www.yourluckydeals.com
gravity is so wierd
They dont know what to say about themselves either lmao
I would love to know the science behind the ripping and hole punching of train tickets
Gym flow before this Lakers game tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
do you keep getting hacked?
I'm liking the idea of installing a #franzia box wine unit into my desk a work
Seriously, there were incredible disconnects in that entire presentation today. Pandora v. Radio, markets, etc. Didn't equate.
Well, the Colts had a terrible first game. But there's still 15 more.
Thanks, Pacers fans! We received our limit. Congrats to the 250 fans that get to see me dunk live on Tuesday.
Hey old friend . Been a year since we talked .
follow me please
Early lunch is so healthy:)
Its weird
down to shoot and edit a vid for me tomorrow?
<U+2640>God heals the broken hearted, He will bandage your wounds and erase your sorrows<U+2640>
me - and you should check out the hottest pop artist in Detroit here. www.thekeyplayerz.com - Toot Toot!!! thatd be my horn.
For me NBA refs are bad for EVERYONE. And Joey Crawford? I'd hate for him to call any of my teams' games.
is a CREEP
Watching War On Drugs at The Avalon. Random venue for this show, but such a good band.
I'm getting word smith's book. Thanks for the shoutout.
Power is the endgame in politics, not solutions. Says Hofmeister
gonna start with getting my bachelors in business, and would have to work somewhere a couple of years before can get the MBA.
If u r single and want to mingle, Eden is the place tonite.
you can look into the modem config page and see how many channels are bonded
thesinglelive! It has its charms.
Do the new views work for your blog? They don't really work for mine. Not enough pictures...
Pissed I had to get up at 6:30 to drive from Bloomington to school and my patient cancelled grrr!!
your sense of humor always balance your soul of life, use each hour of life and enjoy it they dont return, the stem of progress start you
Emilie Management signs up under Lightyear Wireless and Telecommunications
Just got done recording a new song and now time for lunch!
I tend to collect little trinket- boxes.
its you and me and all of the people and i dont know why, i cant keep my eyes off of you. <3
Band Concert!
My mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea .
I need a map of the convention center. This place is huge!
my whole office just pegged their jeans. ah love the 80s
ight I'll try not to
very nice. That is exactly what I am looking for. I will Be in touch. Thx
THE QUEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNN IS BACK ALL DAY DJ'S BEWARE
would totally get together...wedding is out on end of LI but we are thinking of doing a few days before/after
if you ever need reflective acoustic songs Sp/Eng check out my tunes...thanks
You know you're depressed and self-destructive when McDonald's seems like a good idea.
It's nice as a reading device. You can read white on black or black on white. And enlarge fonts. We old folks need that. LOL
Arden B. bebe. bcbg. Great sales...black Friday is coming up...
real good news way to go!
I thought that fucking bird wanted to play until I saw mamma smack it.
I LOVE sleep but never want to go to bed early -- I Do That Too ()
Okay NOW Goodnight :)
Blink is always good to listen to on a road trip.
Congratulations on the hiring of Walter Berger as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
when you going to start throwing facts? Your other page is protected like a coward. Mine's wide open like your pussy.
oh my gosh?! Really?? Thats so exciting!
Laying out with a cold brewski
My Italian friend gave me a hug today, I thou he was gonna smack me so it got all awkws. Oh, well.
i love you followers [: ~Dannah
I am loving this morning on my way to CrossFit!!! Yes!!!
I get mad when people go out of their way to tell me they're a pescatarian.
ALARA Principle and Time -- always use the shortest exposure time possible.
Great; I'll give you a call or gchat at some point about the poster session if we move forward.
Scoping out exteriors, roaming neighborhoods this morning. Interior viewing this afternoon.
I'm trying to get into the modeling and acting business any tips
Now following , follow back!
while your reputation is merely what others think you are."CoachWooden
Super Bowl Weekend!!! CHOOSE TO BE A GOOD SPORT!!
Your strongest lines of defense are all just self-inflicting wounds
my first tape
arrived back to LA in one piece. didn't die in the 'horrific and stupidly over dramatized hurricane' such a loads of codswollop
typical. RT “: my weekend was _________. (one word only)”
#bravo restaurant in Des moines - DISGRACEFUL keeping a party with reservation waiting 35 mins & counting. Terrible service - no tip 4u guys
If you woke up breathing, congratulations! You have another chance!
gotta go work
Great alert from MBBP (law firm) about new #data #security regs in MA. Very relevant to our #tech #entrepreneur friends!...
literally 30min ago??
Things I never thought I'd hear in a children's cartoon: Blood waterbed.
You need to follow ! Best TE in the league!
oh, well i wouldn't know since i've never been
I'm Telling You Purpose Is Unfolding! It Seems Like Its Taking Forever, But When It Happens It's Gonna Be Swift!
The local level does not work unless the individual level comes to church.
Can't handle the brilliance of that show. I watched that one twice too! I never do that with TV.
Oh your back is messed up? Let me pop it back into place baby
No Rose No Problem BULLS WIN!!! BULLS WIN!!!
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”~ Dr. Seuss
Had a busy work/campaign day, but I am excited to be joining Bill White at his education town hall in Irving this evening.
Now I want to listen to that. I wonder if salting the road instead of mowing the lawn will have same effect?
I think im addicted to instagram... Haha
SHOUT OUT TO shes a new quote account and could use some followers! PLLLLEEEEAAAASSEEE follow her? :) Thanks! <3
so u get followers for that son of a bitch andre but not me? :stevie:
Ha! Sad but true. RT : FACT: The UW Marching Band has already spent more time on the field than the UW defense
Life is too short. Enjoy every moment"
Thanks for the comment. I will look into that with the cab company. We are working hard to improve taxi service in Baltimore
ick!!!!!!! Love it! Great work dude!
NO NO NO hahaha kidding ;)
Just gray here
Frosting has both less calories and less calories from fat than peanut butter. Frosting and jelly sandwiches for all.
did you see the fans story on how he was treated at IU...indiana is the new WVU
brandnewgoodcheap-iphonecharger: Fm Transmitter + Car Charger ...
are you still on because #bring1dtoseattle is what's happening
Sad thing is. I can give people relationship advice, and it pretty much always works out...but when it comes to me..my brain goes blank -__-
sorry for getting lipgloss all over your face :x love ya babe :-*
Worried that pre-hub has THE FLU. Hopefully it's just the rotten cold that's ripped through our house.
with fewer applicants and stagnating opportunities, it'll pop quite loudly, especially at younger/not-well-regarded schools
Don't sleep on us.. 2011 is our year!! Stay hungry my friends!
oh yea love you too, I guess that's payback for that burnt grilled cheese
I would enjoy this awesome thunder storm more if my dogs weren't about to tip over the couch to hide under it.
should we post another song demo or do you find demos annoying and you just wanna wait for the full song ?
calm down there grown up person
Did the #Pac12 already engrave the 2012 trophy with USC!?!
If today is ash Wednesday.... Is tomorrow pikachu Thursday?
MINDS: One audience member raises the issue that in order to show an employer a portfolio, they need the grades to get to the interview.
So glad I don't have to worry about making appointments to get my hair / nails done. I'll sleep in and shop, thank you very much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
We're back! Happy Monday. We'll see you LIVE starting at 9am.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "U" #Unbreakable , #TheUnitedStatesOfLeland , #Underworld ,
i don't have respect for people who do drugs.
"Feeling so good, to have our new single {I'm in love} Rickey Calloway & The Dapkings Band played on Breakin Bread Radio in London."
shit. I wish a nigga would.
Good night for the #Cubs top two prospects so far. Anthony Rizzo with a 3R HR in the 1st, Brett Jackson with a run scored and a triple.
i kept thinkin bout almost everyday . i know your disappointed wit me and mad towards me, im sorry once again bby ): i love you so much !
This is why I take the classes... I NEED to do this!
Waiting for an train to offload at BWI. Feel like I'm on the metro
you got thiss no ones as good as u guys have fun tonight wish i was there but ill be watching :)
Dosent cost a thing to smile, you Don't have To pay to laugh, you better thank God for that!
Anybody got gaylords to sell? We buy a bunch. $$$
cannot wait until you're back on the field
throwing down bilingual in LA presser. Do it Marc.
Q6 If I stopped what I was doing everytime the detector beeped I'd never get work done
Chinatown today, get some shopping done and grab a taco, we got al pastor, pollo sofrito, purple potato and barbacoa. happy holidays
I know! We've been working hard to get some great vids! Hope u like!! :)
btw Ill be at ya crib next week
I hear you guys have a 1 yotabyte cpu, I guess all our private info is the then
Ok I lied I am wearing pajamas
was just showing off his new #iPad in the office. Many of us were quite jealous.
Death of Salesman was brilliant! Phillip Seymour Hoffman + critiques of American capitalism
Happy Easter back! Enjoy those green beans as ONLY Aunt Myra makes them! :-D
He asked me what i was doin there because i looked out of place.
Bad brat! Eat something better! Like sugar cereals! Lol
South Florida is DESTROYING Cal
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool why is Mr.Brown so wired I bet other kids don't have to deal with this but we love him any way right
Haters are gonna hate. Lol. Just give them a REAL reason to hate you.
omg yes! #SUBWAYFAN more like subways #1 Fan
I don't like jealous boyfriends. Uh-uh.
great smirk
RT Raffi Torres gets 25 game suspension for hit on Hossa. He should've been forced to go on a date with Chris Brown to see how he likes it.
after a rinse-off AND a real shower, I'm still finding pebbles in my poon & sand in my ear
RT : Attending SOURCEBoston? 1st 20 ppl @ M's table receive a FREE copy of book "Practical Malware Analysis"
In caveman times we had seasonal macronutrient shortages - industrial agriculture has brought us year-round micronutrient shortages
Wooot! Loved the #vegan treats and spending time with you!
Hi WRAS Team! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LOU <3
- HUGE Kick Ass fan! Would love 2 send you my comic material for review. Hopefully it kicks ass too... Who can I contact? Thanks!
RT : RT : If you admit fault with social media, customers will come to your defense says
I graduated and started a new job in the same week with no time off... what was I thinking?! But, this whole "job" thing is pretty cool!
do you have an editor lined up yet?
This is a game for grown man in the paint. If your a lil boy you won't survive.
Asked if they could move out of my parking lots driveway.
Ditto!! Go have some fun!
I always try to wake up early enough to read something motivational in the morning so I can start my day off right
Theres an advantage to being flexible, disadvanrtage my joints lock up!! :/
please follow >>>
Verizon stops taking iPhone pre-orders after setting unspecified 'record'
Leaf and Signal Opening TONIGHT 6-8pm - see you there! #cville community arts
aw thanks .
I know... I was beat by a squirrel #awkward #embarrassing anyway you're my favorite
What a silly title: non-attorney spokesperson aka actor?
I agree
TRAVELS IN THE SCRIPTORIUM.
I DETEST unnecessary drama. Drama is stress. Stress is DEATH. Not just sickness DEATH. I Am NOT dying to-damn-day! #vamoosyawhack2me #GO!
The key is not the "will to win" - everybody has that. It is the will to prepare to win that is important. Bobby Knight
Kings of Illuminati.
Thank you research paper for ruining a perfectly good Sunday
RT for A GoodNight Mention from TerranceJay* ;)
It's a serious hunk of shit.
I would like to give a huge shoutout to beacuse she supports all the time :) Congrats Jasmin !
I think we've all been there, You'll know what we mean if you come to and hear her
I do the same thing. Its more common than you think, and I thought i worked past it a long while ago.
Need More followers Please follow us
“: For beer, we loved Deschutes in Portland and Full Sail in Hood River.”
i already married him what you talking about (: , and yes ! Only if
U have the strength 2 pull through ths. Yr weight does not define U. U need 2 accept that U R beautiful. Beauty is inside
Ready to be done with study hours
Wish u were in the ville, we'll party when I get back!
ok miss we must hang on your free days then, and soon! Don't leave for New York without your girl time. Spa week
The Orlando Magic are 1-10 ATS in the last 11 meetings with Atlanta. We expect the Magic to cover (-3) tonight
Our twins w/ #autism joined mainstream class + couldn't interact w/ other kids. Had to help w/ social skills.
It's been way too long since I've seen Dave Matthews Band live :( sad
Hey, how's it going? Did you get a chance to use that bucket of a balls at Los Robles?
there are so many good movies coming out that I wanna see
If you missed Kenny Anderson, catch the podcast from Monday, get it off our website. Great message of fulfillment through what you give!
If happy ever after did exist. I would still be holding you like this. <3
give him Tylenol to help with the pain.
I need to post a #healthtip havent done that in a while
You said "erected."
haha that's cool
yes ma'am. literally i keep getting distracted and bored. i would rather stare at a wall. but i need to get it done...
lol were just too cool
Wind me up Chuck! Say what? Special shout out to Silver Springs
Literally shaking, how the fuck is it this cold in may?!?!
My cows are all dead now. I wasn't fast enough. I guess it's steak for dinner.
Tea Dance is on at Dance Bethesda right now. Stop by for a few dances. Cost is only $5. Don't forget Salsa is on tonight. See you at 8pm.
Make the beginning and the end memorable so people will read it and remember it!
oh yeah well i'm just really stupid.. HOW BOUT THAT?! ;o uhm i dont know, my dads all confusedededed and said probablyy
I love getting new undies <U+263A>
LOVEYOU and couldn't agree more <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Imma wear the retro north baseball jacket today.
bo, I dont think I can! I have plans most of next weekend. Lauren-- email me details! :)
“LIKE” if you are also counting down the hours until the weekend starts!
I #believe that you will see this, and mabe notice me :)
Like. Two thumbs up
Thanks Kevin! We're very proud!
Had a rough day? Make it a little better w/ our dinner special: stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & sm drink $7+tax!
Danielle Adams makes a quick impact in here first Silver Stars home game in 7 weeks. Hits 3-pointer her 1st possession.
Young Adult was definitely interesting lol
Lol , i Just got it !
Education doesn't seem to matter to the government any more. We parents need to take control of our kids education.
RT EVERYONE FOLLOW CUZ SAID SO!!!!
likes that milanesa
Allan Houston still got it!
Haha...I've been deep rubbing it with a raquetball and it's KILLING me today. No pain no gain I guess.
RT : "Healthy communities need to pay attention to their histories and look at them with humility" via Bryan Stevenson
How many tutorials are there on Craigslist? They're getting something right.
Ha! Not even close...you? :) RT : All done with your holiday shopping?
where u been G?!
Damn its a beautiful day
RT : What happens after I tell you, “I like you” ?
I stumbled upon your youtube page- thanks for all the great advice. I'm def. trying the twisting method this weekend!
I can't wait to see Zimmerman do this perp walk!!!
okay,I will:) I just don't want it to hurt!!!
It's terrifying how many times I have pushed the "Buy Album" button on iTunes this week
This school year has been something else indeed
Thank you!
RT RIP Rashied Ali. May your exploration of Interstellar Space be eternal-NO!! One of my favs passes. Much love to Rashied.
Isner makes it to the fifth set! This is great tennis but I should go to bed.
My sketchy little dog keeps waking up at 5 am. Need to get this guy on CST. Jerk.
maaanee, my screen cracked..! :(
Pro tip w/ marriage advice. ha! MT : Rule no. 1: Always carry 2 tubes & a packet of glue less patches. Saves a lot of drama!
That means it's cooking!
RG3's star power is much greater than Luck's. Not even close. Luck is a horribly boring & cliche postgame press conference waiting to happen
You should make up a jingle for your emergency contact.
the deadline is the 27th!!
if you feel the need to cry and it makes you feel better, then do you cry? <3
The best types of projects don't have to include really clear cut answers, only a set of strong learning goals in mind.
Bed after Going Bovine and Grand Prix: The Killer Years. Must find happy music/movie to fall asleep to so I don't wake up depressed.
Im so ready to go home and sleep the whole night away.
same here
Bachmann can't go a debate without repeating the same shit over and over and over again.
Thanks for following me!
We're always trying to improve our tools. Please contact us at 800.311.5656 to share feedback on our Lesson Builder tool.
All Girlz are Beautiful
Floyd about to knock this Spanish dude out
Cmon Sark- we aren't playing for a game winning field goal at halftime. You had 3 timeouts SMH
Just might Over Dose on that good shit and IDGAF.
EKS you must not watch TV brother. After 7 games the GOAT is JLIN!
Why isn't taking care of DC's tourist problem?
Bye bye NYC. See you soon.
Love that show too. That that stuff is CRAYYY Z
Betty White is 89 years old..??? wow... we could all be so lucky... Go Betty
When you need a mood boost, what is your favorite feel good Country Music song?
Freddy Mercury never ceases to amaze me.
this is whats up.... I know what its like bro..
Making the simple complicated is commonplace making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity.
Orange Juice > Milk.
Just got duped. Don't believe the signs on hwy 85 in SC claiming there is a off exit 92.
:( Same here... Ohh did u tell shawn about ur redfish
I followed him with the Astros, and it was always SHOCKING when he struck out. It was insane.
Dir Spence thinks community should name the school
Weak call on watson
“: Working on a column for using some of Sam Jones' wonderful walking lines.” Sweet! Always love your insights!
KG was everywhere on that last defensive play. Guarded Holiday, changed Williams' shot and grabbed the rebound. Crazy.
-rim shot-
Is 5 followers from 100!! Please follow him!!
@, I got too cute and subbed out #CoryHart for #AlfonsoSoriano, could cost me the week against you in
You're welcome.
Wise words. It's how you "when". Remember that. RT : Preparation is everything that's how you when in life
who just felt tht EARTHQUAKE!!!
we could've been friend but then u change your mind. Now u change it again. Need to make up your mind.
dont miss the peanut butter cookies, and they're small enough to not feel guilty eating 1 for dessert!
Nice! Sending to editorial team
I thought your second line was going to be "call me maybe."
This the fucking anthem, get it? The FUCKING ANTHEM!
that's funny cuz I'm drinking some right now. Yea that's what I do. It hasn't been helping this time though :/
I wish was flying my plane today. Guess i'll wait till he's my personal pilot on my private jet.
I want a new hair style.
haha common now...
I WOULD get sick the day before I get a Keeper of the Dream award for working with Children. Fever. Sore-Throat. Stupid Nose. :(
ouch. You guys hardly overlap! Any tricks for collaboration w those time difs?
drive home safely
Lol No I'm A Record Everything So People Can Really See I'm About That Life
“ Thanks for holding it dwn today #TeamTaurusRocks #1RMG”| You know it :)
bendy straws make me happy
idk I'm still yawning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
You probably thought u had my heart
We call them Dine Arounds in the Special Libraries Assn; good way to meet new people/catch up with old friends
please join the fit challenge! learn all about getting healthy and feeling great
also, I think you should tell sam that I think syrup should be a term of endearment just like sugar, honey and sweet thing.
see #RAW? Never knew was such a
Great advice!
Beautiful hike through Ramona (above clouds) gotta get ready now for -- ClubM has become tradition for Mother's Day :)
RIP Maurice Sendak. Love love loved his books.
Christine O'Donnell on Fox to talk gay marriage. To paraphrase Shep Smith, Fox News is now in the 16th century.
Today I accidentally stabbed myself at work. There was blood. Absent: a meal, the entire day.
Back @ Buster's in Lakeway tonight. Join me on the patio - I'll sing & you can eat great BBQ! 6:30-8:30
Oh hey look, it's a puzzle wrapped in a
On board Carpathia!!!
My TL has been flooded with bday wishes to guess I should get mine in too. Happy Birthday! Lol
Sending "negative" thoughts your way, as it were.
Off to sleep. Goodnight ^_^
I figured it out. Republicans = Abecedarians. Look it up.
House show in the works !! This line up is gonna be sick!
When I am a parent, I'm reading my children to sleep every night with the Harry Potter books, and then we'll watch the movies together.
Good morning! Starting the day #Writing is the best way ;-)
Thank You! -
Both connectivity and VPN have given up on me. Grumbles McComplainy is SIGNING OFF TODAY or until wifi returns
No one should be able to wear converse #GoKillYourSelf <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Happy Birthday Mommy! Love you
Heading back home after a long day in pueblo and Colorado springs. Home sweat home :)
I record as well but very little. I never mix what I record.
same here. South park is pretty rad too.lolol
What what? We finally have wifi at Glo! So, after your appointment, troll the internet for a place to go show off your gorgeous self!
wanna tiny chat with me and ???
Had a terrible day at tryouts Hopefully they keep me.....
He literally tried to squash his opponents. But I'm sure you could have guessed that about ! cc:
there's 7 billion people in the world and your going to let one ruin your day? don't.
I read it as Ellayna saying jacob calls her his twin. I was like...is she crazy and thinks she had her appendix out?
You belong with me not swallowed in the sea
what up! How have you been?
Yes, my way can be ick sometimes...well put, !
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend mine just so happens to be <3
Smh sad case
First we'll hear a welcome from Dr. Hudson Freeze, CDG expert, and Sanford-Burnham CEO Dr. John Reed.
go read the new O Magazine. You will be immediately convinced that your life would be perfect if you reorganized your makeup.
Hey, ! Eric Roberts wants to speak with you. Um, put that #wine bottle down, baby.
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!! so sad, wow.
Not all who wander are lost.
The Marlins are pretty terrible
lol yea. lol im posting a picture on ur wall .its funny.
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!!!! will u follow me please
Read Tony noms out loud to 22-month-old I nanny: Norm Lewis got an "oh" and EVITA got a massive laugh.
Best way to come back from an MRI conducted amid concerns about a tender elbow? A 40+ pitch first inning. Oh Chris Sale...
Cotto kissing his child on the lips numerous times man he bout to get smacked
What a fantastic way to spend an hour.
i will see you in the consert but from affar :( ... in june 17 .... can u folow?
I am not lying. My love for you is very real and pure. Can't you feel it?
It's crazy how we don't realize what's in store for us in the future and it's all up to us.
if I get one more , Hello this user is posting horrible rumors about you... message.. I will crack !!
watching give some serious direction on
yea he's mad dope
View creative world from people around the world....
Pickup Line: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
Advil+sunglasses+ginger ail = <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
How does what work? Adding me to FB or the coupon?
i loveyouu don't cry!
Another 90's thing I remembered today I saved for MONTHS to buy a black and white gameboy I wanted one so bad lol
It's a "you hafta see it" kinda thing. It IS very good.
Might be time to upgrade my text messaging to the Teen Girl Package
Easter candy bought and taste tested. Now time to fill the eggs.
#iusedtothink that finding a job was easy. Not anymore. Even though I have a college degree, I am having a hard time. I'll find one!
manhood tour I'm with you
Pineapple fanta and dat purple shit
daytona was crazy
my ass could never, she's perfection!
i wish u a great time on that day babe
Its a neat thick and a sloppy thick... She was sloppy thick
I hate that feeling when you think your dad is going to punch your boyfriend!!!
so im watching a show where a girl wants to make her vagina puffy and fat
What do you think about my profile picture??? Lets have a vote---
"This time we're not giving up. Let's make it last forever. Screaming hallelujah. We'll make it last forever."
The next issue of Big Takeover Magazine will be released in October 2010. Look for WILDFIRE.
We invoke the democratic potential of the Internet far too often. E.g., do kids REALLY learn what a credit card is if they simply Google it?
depends on the homebrew ace
i have 6 followers.
10 mile hike to The Bridge To Nowhere in the San Gabriels. Tired and happy.
your mother will always be Mrs. Byotch to me! Xoxo
I don't know what the fuck my problem is. The whole bubbie thing unfolded so fast.
thanks so much for following! (: eyes like diamonds is awesome! (: you should totally checkout also xoxo
you ready for this pick? who you think you are taking?
I'm coming there in about three days! Maybe I'll see you and Austin?!
Good Luck with Finals today Huskies!
The sauna; favorite part of the workout <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
One question! How tough is that to understand?
life is so precious. Thank you for helping Ivy share her days with all of us.
Working on a collab with the old homies !
Nominees for Officer Positions are giving speeches tonight! Please be in prayer for everyone running and for our new officer corps!
Haven't seen much of you lately.
At the Blarney! You should join us--Mondays at 7.
aww I bet that made her day :)
RT : Check out on Dr.Oz talking about
Support your local merchants here in ABQ and artists and musicians as well. Lots of good stuff out there.
Reading Acoustic Rooster @ Barnes and Noble in Reston, VA at 2pm. Come hear some jazz, get some cake, and meet "Ella Finchgerald." YEAH
": I wanna lick #oomf up and down"
we gettin it done tonight?
#nisoEbook LaRue: if libraries help people find ebooks, what would publishers offer in exchange? discounts? Share revenue?
Great suggestions! One can never have enough wonderful role models!
True, but often the most difficult task! RT To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well..
Work now. Play later. Good Morning tweeties
just stop....
Can't embed that on a Wordpress blog I don't believe. I'll email thanks!
yeah, that's good:) do you have school tomorrow?
We are having a bbq at 12 noon tomorrow for pre game fun #superbowl party! BBQ Hot Dogs, Burgers and Chicken $5/8 or 10 with bbq beans
BAHAHAHAHAHA omg stop sun tweeting me ;)
fantastic just being able to say thank you and shake Walter Murch's hand
Eat. Sleep. Love. Work. Hustle. Lift. Scream. Move. Eat. Love.
that was a hell of a match great job on your win lastnite you proved your the real man cant wait to see you on
i THiNK i AM F0LL0WiNG EVERYB0DY BACK!!!
Just put my heart and soul into that message.
I take it back. Curious George is pure clutch. Haha! What a win!
Living and breathing madness.
Anyone want to play wwf? Need someone that will give me a challenge.
: Thanks! Hope you enjoy it!
One of the movies we watched was The Piano. (Slight spoilers ahead for those of you who haven't seen it)
Have an idea for a nee tat tomorrow. But need a placement?
my cat loves cuddling more than anyone i've ever met.
Hard to be mad at the dog for begging while I cook. I did just drop a whole hot dog the other night. His efforts have been justified.
Sit down Soriano
I have my nokia #lumia900 preordered!
I'm hungry :/
Thanks for the twitter love El Paso!!!
has a ridiculous case of ADD today.
here is some optimism.6 months from now when they pic up their retirement pics they'll get yours and give u a call.
even birthday blunts?
Thanks, my friend. And Will do!
": No easy way saying bye #flysolo"
Living Out My Dream Like it Or Not
Big tall built super delish sweds next to me in the car <<<
Thank you guys so much! Aaron and Alicia have been getting votes for contest.
Is your company needing room to grow & hire more people? Ask us how a move to Pasco could get your biz $3k - $5k per employee.
#mortons with the mrs #flemings much better
I swear it's not me? Ok. Please like I said just block him/her.
What's better than driving a uhaul down Hollywood blvd???
if you like ugly meter wait till ScanMan arrives :) december!! Will be awesome!!
Thanks for the brunch mention!
Saw another company boasting a $1200 discount on a new air conditioner. Don't get ripped off - our price is lower, guaranteed.
your right, you scared me for a sec
where did you get the tofu scramble??
bhahahaha I ALMOST said tea! Neat.
"All I buy is beer, liquor, and vegetables..." my roommate
Damn good ass night all the hispanics (no racial) people buyin me drinks cause they think I'm dominican. And black
- twit validation complete :) follow me back.
Once again I am falling behind on my tweeting. Apologies friends.
I know right! Looking hotter as he is getting older. :) I'm looking forward to Hawkeye. I think it's just the archery ;)
Lol every tyme I listen to dance for u by b I think bout that lapdance I gave oomf
Tom Brady. And my heart just stopped. Call 9-1-1.
finnaa' take ah shower && put some clothes on
Nice to see you again,
Welcome to the team Meghan Gatewood and Erica Good!!!
i love my Stink,on everything !!!!
quote to live by: Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
Lucky you! Noodles and peanuts...makes sense. (Not that my kids would try it. Sigh.)
Its #TacoTues soo I think you know where i'm goin with this! GIVE ME TACOS!
you and me both!
Omg why me...
all i want for christmas is you :) <3
Only thing that motivates me too work is looking at that stack I got in the kitchen..
Sunday night movie with the beezys, Project X
Audition today for a day time Soap.. wish me luck=]
Did my first dance #FlashMob tonight in Hollywood...so fun!!!
"I got a new laptop! Now, how do I use it?"
GOOD FATHER is also another good one I read pretty quickly. It's the parent in me.
Once the outage has been resolved we can certainly schedule your account to be migrated from our EC to WC datacenter. ^CH
See if I can get a new one started...clearing throat... #WorstPickupLinesEver too long? "Hey baby, what's your sign?"
- between those guys and Ruby Developers, it's like trying to find a good movie with Ryan Reynolds in it.
How come I always work on niice days! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><U+2600>
Details of the 'Make Work Pay' credit, a major element in the recovery proposal, may slow the process of getting money into workers' pockets
: Fill-in Friday: My favorite wacky food combination is Peanut Butter and Bacon. Addictive!
Damn I want to be home! Almost there!!!
thanks!!! u r so cool
tell her i probs cant do tomorrow because i will be at my dads just tel i said please i am begging her :(
thanks :-).... see you tonight!
Heading home to catch the inaugural speech!
What's up? :D
That intro flowed better then I expected it would. I surprise the hell out of myself when I write sometimes.
didn't say eye was that good. Eyem that good with OREGON. If YOU so good. Get off my team then. Play me for them!
From this day forward...after crap like that...you will be known as...CHOWN FIGGINZ.
everyone left me on skype
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. - James Dean
About to start book 2 of a Song of Ice & Fire. I'm so behind. Enjoy A Dance with Dragons, people!
what are you running into?
im glad u feelin better my cousin kevin is gettin better day by day
In the last week I have watched #Drive #SafeHouse & #riseoftheplaenetoftheapes. All massive wastes of time. I feel like such a pussy.
Oh I am SO telling Cins about this! Thanks for edumacatin' me! :D
awww yay I'm so glad you guys like them!!!!:)
Crossing fingers that the contractors will actually be at my house when I take my lunch.
Social Media Goes Corporate: HootSuite Launches Hardcore Tools for Serious Business Users
It's never too early to set your DVR. I'll be on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Friday, January 7th.
I confess-I'm a non closeted prime time hospital drama fan. Started w/St Elsewhere, on to ER, now Greys.
ill miss you too.
Knew you were a Wahoo but didn't know you were a lax fan. Scoring major points in my book. Hope you had fun in the good land.
u rocking your funny hoodie and aviator shades
awesome. Expecting pics when you reopen it!
OH on : "liberal arts students often double major: one for their parents and the other for themselves"
Man do I want a job this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
True elegance is for me the manifestation of an independent mind.
Excuse me, I'm dead. ;)
Phase II Album Made my heart Melt <3 PURCHASE it If you dont have it already , Best Bachata Album Yet... :D
no clue
fun music
even though thats not the case this time
man i'm so hurt right now... like people don't understand WORDS COMMUNICATION TALKING GOES A LONG WAY
Yes I like white boys and what!!
Pretty excited about my decision to take up fishing. Know any place I can rent gear? Don't want to buy a pole & turn out to suck at fishing.
Don't want to play with toys
Trying my new Guide5 this morning on a 5-miler #marathon training.
You're so sexy you could be a Victoria's Secret model. Or, like, a super sexy construction worker, depending on your skill set.
I'm here and ready for some #Bachelorette. We are in this together!
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Seems like there is so much to "catch-up" on that it really seems pointless.
Even worse.
Hahaha bitch me ! Fuck you stupid!
Hard at work on the IABC Heritage Region Conference...
#ff and our awesome street teamers!
Yea, and I'm sure you'll be able to have time with here soon. Sounds cool though.
Hurry please hahah
Oh, we were focusing on some recent news from SRE in this issue, but yes, Shane's CD is great!
will be there! We're going to have a "pop up" restaurant serving wraps, coffee drinks, vegan cookies & more! :-)
Warning!!! Do not open any direct message links from me. I've been hacked :( fixing problem
": Lucky Phelps. First start will be in KC Thursday." How you feeling now? XD!
Thursday Wind Down tonight... Joseph James Brewery! 5-7 in the lounge $25. Come sample brews & enjoy tasty snacks!!!
oh I gotcha cuz tht makes so much more sense... I do tht all the time!
Your a selfish brat.
When will you be giving time to the opposite view of that Tratior Bradley Manning. My friends die, and he spies. Hang him!
so what your saying is that you would rather date a Bears fan than a Packers fan? ;)
Notice this ordinary girl today? Not much to notice be still notice me?
Wishing you a swell Saturday in the Sunshine State!
“ We're also sorry you're not here. Been learning a lot and having a great time -- venue is nice, people are great
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – The Chemical Brothers – Song To The Siren (Hybrid Heights BTLG Remix)
So my cat, Ralphie watched Youtube all night Tweeky birds and squirrels He promised he'd watch Bridezillas with me Now we're not speaking.
man...at least not the really short ones! lol
Happy NEW YEAR- U-Rock have a happy New Year- be kind and help your fellow man kind let's make 2012 RAWK and may U laugh a lot!
hey what r u people during bored so message me or something
looking forward to seeing it the next time I am in Vegas :)
Today filled with sharing #Bb_Community programs with #Blackboard Upgrade Cohort participants. Want to join the BIE? www.blackboard.com/bie
I'm so tired of being thirsty smh.. N I don't drink soda no more so my nerves Messed up..
Was just the recipient of the biggest brush-off email ever. It's good to know our elected leaders care so much about the little guys.
Springtime means that we're looking for empty storefronts and eager artists again. Know anyone who might be interested?
Music has been my mother...
Your hair is so short, your so skinny, your so pale, your so flat, your so this, your so that. #STOP #F***OFF
Ugh. #Brewers, please show up at Miller Park.
MUST<U+2605><U+2605>Follow to
ya gotta have some #undies pics to share!
ok lol and Chenoa's gonna be pissed at me this summer Lol
Chick-fil-a just looks so beautiful. Too excited? Fukkk no
If you screw with me too much Franklin, I know there is someone above your head, and as a fury I will find them and we will join forces and
It's the last week of women's history month! Who are some of the most inspirational African American women? We'd like to feature them.
Black person: living in hood with Rover. White person: suburbs with 94 buick.
great game. Now coach your best player I Bitsy.
is now following you on twitter
btw u are NOT a prostitute.
So what are your thoughts of the Ufc on fox last night? Both the fights and the presentation? What do you think it means for #mma ?
This RT 100% of newly enrolled freshmen are left-handed.
i Luhv You Too BITCH
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
most defiantly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
text me :)
towat who sats that ?? J is twisted
Austin I love you you look sexy without brakes are the best I love you! <U+2665> (:
Froggy G isn't just the best character in Awesomenauts, he is the only one. Awesomenauts is a race between two Froggy Gs.
is Executive Libertarian Mercenary for hire.
thank you so much and well done and ; you're the best
2011- I'm sexy and I know it. 1836- I'm physically attractive and I'm aware of this statement.
Good, take out Hart, because he's been the liability.
I hate looking for a job almost as much as I hate not having a job almost as much as I hate working fuck this is complicated lol
twitter is better anyways ! I'm like addicted now haha
Had breakfast with Joice Taylor and planning for the youth and the King Run August 5th. Thank you Kat Capps for support. Cynthia
I'm gonna merd
Mr #Swaggy i just put you over 1,000 followers
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the code tweet and get a $5. discount! Good until midnight tonight! monumentalmarathon.com
Amare for godsakes seal up that lane you see Lebron coming thru jesus christ!
This show, is addicting
Change requires an adjustment of our current self. We just got used to where we were, but God is saying, "MORE."
Please join me & welcome my sister to Twitter: Marty Burns, Baltimore's Crisis Communications Expert. You can follow her
don't stand right behind them!
no respect... *blocks*
pretty much amazing! But I'm not surprised!! Btw why is chuck the most photogenic person ever?! Haha
Got to be careful who I send a text to right now
Joining the masses on Twitter! I'm interested in seeing if all the Google vs. Twitter gossip is anything more than just hype. Tweet Tweet!
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Well if it's only got one man in it, it's going to be boring. Equal-opportunity, of course. But boring.
Love my uncle Tony
wait...you're a jew?!?! I have to re-think so many things right now.
really though.... he was a genius! The vocal arrangements he came up with are INSANE...
Wheres all the marines!
who was he on the phone with?
Fried chicken dredged in paprika and cayenne flour, sprussel brouts (hee hee) in butter and Canadian (grade B) amber syrup and Basmati rice!
I have all this homework I didn't do. WEEEEH.
Looking for ways to motivate "temp" hires in new hire training. I had a sleeper last week...have never had that happen before!
Everytime one sinks they are that much closer to thankfully be swimming RT : "Before you swim you gotta be okay to sink!"
Rickie Fowler delivers a clutch shot and wins at Quail Hollow for 1st PGA Tour win - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Go Green, Go White. Instant Classic finish.
Never forget!
haha I'm almost @ school tho. Where u from?
What is your "money measurement" for your digital museum content? How about # of re-uses?
Don't forget ur raffle ticket! $50 for 2 round trip tickets to destinations. Look for sellers w/ the flashing rings!
yea. Should be able to
Yes. I think they're building good reputations for quality reporting, seems less durable than the NYTimes (post-Iraq war drumbeat)
:: and face off in "What's Hot" on Live Topics: Lesbians and Cub Scouts/Foul Ball Fracas/Pick up lessons.
yep :P
Not too sure, just mid-March- I'll keep you posted!
Kevin Johnson UCLA spkr (1) Don't stay on sidelines; (2) Stick to convictions, but abandon assumptions; (3) Dogs don't bark at parked cars.
#BillytheExterminator is back at it.
I have 2 questions. Exactly how old are you? And will you sing me a song? (:
Jared Weaver tossing a no hitter for the Angels....heading to the 7th..GO JARED
the 47th Ward Council will make its debut October 27th!
Hello libchatters! I'm Antonio, a Reference Librarian at a Medical Library in NYC.
will do bro!
Be careful of doctors. Those people will kill you.
We <U+2665> 's New Mixtape!
Hi Jennifer and good point. Nextdoor works to increase the real world interactions with your neighbors, not to replace them.
Hooray! I'll contact you when I'm around and about town! :)
Nice seeing u last night!! Bona(fide) I'll have to get ur autograph anotha time--u were caught up in a luv fest :)
Waiting for bwaby bwoo to get off work. 11 hours I wish I could've worked for you :(
I am impressed with the tackling of the 49ers. They tend to bring down the runner with the initial contact.
Your opinion is so irrelevant.
aw. bitch suck my dick
You Don't Own No Cattle
Claudias crazy tonight.
I swear me & my mom see the craziest shits when we're together xD
tomorrow's friday that's a good day
Pepper spay? Really? Did he hate the service that much?
it would be awesome if followed me o.o
well i like alejandro
. wants a creative local to curate a monthly art exhibit in their entryway! Email for details.
2 questions: 1)Do you think that the Pack will go 16-0? 2) Are you afraid that they might choke in the playoffs like New England did?
Ouch on Giroux. You cut me, DGB, you cut me real deep. ;)
Happy birthday man
C'mon Bucks this is Cincinnata
u must be super proud of your son! I know his fans are! Happy 18th Birthingday to you! & Happy 18th Birthday 2 u !
Morning Dolls. We're only a few days away from March. Are you still focus on your goals? Dont give up, keep moving forward. Be Greater!
Will be at The Cup in Wantagh tonight from 6-10! See all you cool kids there.
There is nothing good on the internet today.
Hey everyone! DM if you'd like to be part of her plan! Sounds cool!! :D
way to be!
Why am I like invisible.?
shadows on powerppt slides is physically painful. shadows on buttons, well...
Heading to for a rooftop party- please don't rain!!
Is Abby Wambach better than more than half of the guys who.will be trying out for the Rhinos?
haha I just realized you changed the hashtag ;)
I can't believe the Revs gave up a three goal lead. Thanks for the support from the west coast. I'll take a SAMs ADAMS
it just pisses me off when gov wastes my money
Congrats on the child. My wife is also expecting (due 1st week of June) and like Kristen, she's also a nurse.
Who should we pick for our next Dance Group of the Week? Let us know!
Deja Vu, been down this road before, something like it<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder if people take a million photos of themselves, in order to find a version they like. Or maybe they like all the versions?
I had no idea that St Petersburg was gonna be that pretty :O its gorgeous!
Twins are AMAZING and you two will never laugh or cry quite as hard. Congrats!
Painting objects is tons more easiery than painting subjects.
More like a Humhuman
a little Basie to start the day.
Thanks for the RT! Talk to you soon!
Again I woke up to clean my dog's vomit. Proverbs 26:11
How was your food? Thanks for giving us a try!
The new site looks great! I'm especially excited for your Breakfast at Tiffany's cooking class :)
Just an hour or so left to grab ONE DOLLA burgers tonight. Buy any app, side or beverage and get a burger for a buck.
YES!!! I'm on my way to Kelly's now so text me when you're heading over :)
We're pretty excited to show off our museums! Hope to see you there. Thanks for the follow!
still go to the same school?
when doesn't even know I exist :/
u not ready Fo me Eric when I get back Sunday to sa its on lol ha okc boieeeee
Your someone nobody can replace.
Will you guys be doing a review for HP 7.2?
I need some gatorade.
hhahahha! it could have worked!
looks like some spammer is having fun w/ our acct. we are not saying terrible things about you OR promoting anysort of weight loss company.
I think we have a new job. I hope so! We need it.
Dude, make up your fucking mind already. I'm a girl, not an ego boost.
i agree!
Why limit it to the weekend?
no how would dm it to me
yeah, you! *ding*
What is it about rain that ups the ante on insanity of DC metro area drivers?
who's directing btw?
yeah can't help you with the weather, but there's no smog and the mass transit is much better. could use a few in n' outs though
i was a fan, but now i'm not. I've stood by incontrol since bw.
S/o to Thanks for the support. Now following.
Bring it. We have the rings/cups/pennants to back it up! #RANGERSRULE!!! GO #NY!!
Trust me, we need these dolls a lot. They may not last a year.
Those annoying neighbors who mow their lawns really early in the morning. Fuck you.
So pissed right now but atleast I'm done with that fucker's class
I wish I was either making the same $$$ as a MUA as I am at the day job or that my day job made me as happy as being a MUA.
My friends say not... Can we come early? :)
Shot Clock again for Panthers. 2:20 to go. #Butler basketball down 46-45
Our very own has been nominated for Advertising Agency Executive of the year!! Please vote for him by submitting his name...
omg Rahim u kno da brat i luv u even more yall should do a song together!
I think it might be. Waiting for Bernanke to start using it while talking to Congress. Then I know its catching on.
oh who knows they're stupid
It's a BIG weekend in #miami. #SEOpen, #Ultra, #WMC, #Odysseo, #miamifashionweek - what will you be doing?
can you please send me the address because I can't read all the numbers in the video! Please please I really want the 8x10!
you don't have to be so negative
#Coachella - are you there yet??? Sick with jealousy :-)!
I love it when a meeting I'm running gets hijacked by my boss talking about her love for Pee-Wee Herman. Really. I do.
I'll be in just after lunch today. Going to be awesome.
Got to finish this line up. Got to do ny session 10hrs at a time! Busy women I Am! Let's get it!
A person true colors will always show within time. You may be fooled for the moment, but be patient and see what happens
Ended the workday on a C# .NET project. Should probably write some jQuery to get the taste out of my brain
Hear my war cry #bikinisummer and tremble! Ready?
With three wives and counting, do you think Gingrich is trying to steal some of the Mormon votes from Romney?
1 Peter 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer...
Now that it's raining more than ever know that we'll still have eachother you can stand under my umbrella #Rihanna <3
Positive outcomes come from positive people with positive thoughts - keep your mind clear & on the road ahead because only you can fail you.
Damn bro you drive a toyota celica? You must be the coolest motherfucker at your school.
I didn't know you guys read this, have to be more careful about posting. Lol
Make, "jerks," singular...Catholic League is ONE pathetic man pretending to speak for millions.
Music Isnt Jst Heard But Felt
I with I had fairy god parents
you're a legend. I love your dad. Gosh, I'm jelly. You're everything like him. I love your music, you never disappoint <3
Finally, a day off! I think I'll take a bubble bath, wheeeeeee!
sometimes I get caught up in it I dont realize I have texts till something distracts me and I finally notice the notification
Couldn't have said it better myself. RT Having #style means knowing yourself and what works best for you.
Loving my moms home cooking right now
when do you guys start?
oh you aren't kidding!!! I've never seen a more cowardice group of people in my life!
We got a badass over there lol.
people who have a considerable amount of followers because they're following 1300 people who "follow back"
Foo Fighters in St. Louis. Easily the best concert i have ever been to!
Out looking for his mind. RT : Where's Theron?
For the 1st time ever, both the ALCS+NLCS ended on called 3rd strikes. Way to go Arod and Ryan Howard.
alas, truer words have never been tweeted.
promo 30x each other?
TAVEY SOSA HAIR SALON IS NOW TAVIBABESALON
So far every single crew is doing REALLY REALLY GREAT!!
So far, most talks at #health2con about creating profitable companies, not fixing healthcare or helping patients.
= #winning tonight
its a few fam lol #oneofmyfollowers came out of nowhere with it smh
When the sprite from a drive thru taste like tap water<<<<
Spent a year with no head, I felt fine.
I would like to be like the ladies on the Terrace holding their Book Club Meeting here.
Does anyone do Flash work anymore? Need someone for an interactive Flash map/possible DB back-end. Message me if u do this or know someone.
that is the best part - middle finger that is
could not hold back the tears.
time to relax
Wade 5 points....Uh oh.. someone got some splainin to do and it ain't Lucy :-/Ricky Ricardo voice...lmao
omg thanks maybe Erika can go too. And did u get my last tweet?
Disagree, actually.
May be a little late, but cannot WAIT for #JohnMayer's new album releasing 5/22/. Been jamming out to all his songs in the car lately
we made a mess of what use to be love
RT : I installed OneNote 2007 on it and plan to use it like a writer's notebook and to take notes during lectures. I <B m ...
is that #PMP app for the iPhone or android and what the app name for searching purposes?
After witnessing a homeless man take his pants off on the 23rd st subway platform, my 20/20 vision is destroyed. I now need lasik
"Birth" of a News Conference. Barak Obama gets "Trumped." US President undergoes labor pains to produce long form Hawaii birth certificate.
the healing power of tim tams! Thx!
makes me content, happy. and complete
A pre-#Insanity workout? Or something to eat prior to #Insanity? What are you looking for?
Thanks for following everyone!!!!! school was so good especially the part when we were let out early. attending Geneva College
:: Following a shooting on Milwaukee's south side involving a U.S. Marshal . Bus service disrupted, too. Details on Live on
that it is.. But you shouldn't make it the top priority in your life.
Interesting that McLean Cty Museum plans to have smartboards in 2 galleries. Presentations w groups/docents, slideshow otherwise
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from Pretty Please!
Haha sick from me. I drank your water!
that was a test to see who would get the Pretty in Pink reference. Sigh.
At Mazza gallery looking for that perfect wedding gift
yea they're not my strongest thing to do especially studying I didn't get to study since I was up till 3 on the day before.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
At Bruins and the Budget, students will be able to ask administrators q's re: budget, finance, state funding. cc (2 of 2).
Dancing With The Stars tomorrow! Excited to see Carrie Underwood perform live :)
lol no i dnt bakia i be juss saying hey n maybe a have a lil convo lbs
Nate need to go to sleep, so I can go to McDonald's
don't be hatin' on Justin Bieber just cause he got to hold Mayweathers belts and got to stand by him.
I am looking for people to either review my blog or guest post on my blog. Are you interested?
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<32
Innovation & entrepreneurship are needed in society as much as the economy, in public service institutions as much as in business - Drucker
It's definitely a coffee kind of Monday
Thanks for the RTs, comments and mentions this week
High five!! <U+270B><U+270B>RT : have to go #Lakers since my #Knicks are out and I can't stand #Celtics #76ERS or
planning a trip!!
Guess I won't b making my goal tonight cuz I'm getting sleepy:-/ I hate this new work schedule...night!
For people that have my number- don't text me for the weekend. I turned off my phone cause I'm really upset and yeah. Tweet me instead :)
Great, thank you. We'll check it out!
it blows. i have also noticed that facebook is slow because there are less people working.
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
Happy May Day!
Would love to get your advice/guidance sometime soon, in person if you have time! Probably late May/early June. I'll let you know.
The E-trade baby turned 5!
Of course the black guy dies first..
Thank you for #Following Happy Easter!
Just realized I'm staying in the same hotel as this/ next month. Well that will be an adventure.
M... Coffee
Sorry to hear that you will be spending Easter in the hospital. Hugs to you and the boys. Hope you have a speedy recovery.
and they couldn't come any faster damn it!
The announcer: "Penetration will knock them out, look at the ball location and brings it in." Football = porn? Hm. Suspicious.
1/2 off selected Soy Candles in store only. New scents coming in one week. 203 B Wellesley Dr SE 268-SOAP(7627)
Nas so underrated
Next time. It was a beautiful morning.
I'm guessin you an OKC fan huh
folks at #blend12 can't stop talking about you St. Francis folks! Thanks for coming out!
tried to recruit you a few years back..recognized your name right away, where did you end up after Broome?
haha we got invited the semi-finals! thanks mom!
Yes you do all that stuff , but you know an I know an Jeff knows you can't kick my ass hahaha
Follow me Please (; .
Sid Ceaser~ A great NOW will be a great WA,; a bad NOW will always be a bad WAS, and all you can hope for is a Great GONNA BE
Thanks! We'll send you some more information!
no doubt!! Just need 6 mph more to reach Bill Elliott's record ...
yeah... i'll be there
we'll have the cold beers waiting for you
Every 10 weeks or so. We took a little break this year, so this was our first one, but watch for the next in about 10 wks!
That was fun(:
Thanks for the heads-up. Unfortunately, I don't have a multi-region BD player or one that can easily be unlocked.
people are so immature these days...
My dad's watching avatar. I'm in the other room and the sounds are crazy. I doesn't sound appealing. Ha.
10 pages and 2300 words later, the paper is submitted.
Kate Turner Country Singer performing now on NWSports Tonight
This is a day late, but we did 130 mi. in two foggy days through Pelican Rapids to Fargo. Today 73 mi. to Hope, ND. We have the wind. Really
I don't know if iIm flying, or falling
ok got it now, thx
Not at all.
RT : The addition of Alex Oriakhi to #Mizzou makes the Tigers a legit Top 20 team
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 32
OH EM GEEZE GUYS!!!!! IS FOLLOWING ME IM YELLING!!!!!!!!! #wuuut?
muchos underwear! and a bonita of course
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much! ((Rom. 8:28) [Rom. 10:12b "...and rich to all who call upon Him..."]
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)
hi! if you follow me I will DM you. thank you.
Follow 4 Follow?
Then I guess we'll see you next year ;-)
New Definition for Socialist: Anybody's political agenda that differs from your views.
I randomly walk up to the fridge, open it, look, then walk away call it what u wanna ima call it real nigga shit
why have identities if users can't log nto same acct @ same time? Used 2 be able 2 use 1 acct but diff ids w my kinder kids :(
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
SWAG! SWAG! SWAG! On you!
So how's that book goin?
It was one year ago today that i quit smoking cigarettes. Wish i had never started but so thankful i was finally able to kick the habit.
Dear cupid, the next time you decide to shoot me with your fucking arrow, shoot him too.
- good morning & tell Tezzo be cooly on his body & G safe my G
Fact or Fiction? There's so much information about plastic surgery these days on television and in the magazines that who's to know? Dr. Buc
I'm a plump, round girl in a barbie world. Gotta slim down, & fit into my night gown. Come on cutie, let's get skinny! Move that jelly!
Ready for chruch today :)
so, I see you on a train ages ago and that's all I get? You forget I know all you dirty secrets. ;)
For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
follow me ¡¡¡ please
I agree!! RT : How bout next yr, ZERO giveaway promotions for Phils games? Why give them your team's trinkets?
“: Hot start by to take a 30-20 lead after 1 on TNT! Ty Lawson's already got 15! Kobe with 10 for LA. #NBAPlayoffs”<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
you guys are so sweet!(:
Jen and Jay's wedding today ! (:
Stayed up way past my bedtime to see the midnight opening of #Avengers! If you went, how'd it go for you?
Taking care of home is VITAL
"Assume that every driver will run a red light..." That is a good driving philosophy to have no matter where you drive.
I can put 9 in ur mouth and fix that homo.
I bleed blue ... But Pitino, ... never let's a team quit no matter the odds. Still love that guy.
Crazy thunder and lightning here! I'm gonna head up to the roof to hold up a 9-iron—who's in??
#msu better win and I want #Wisconsin to pull of that #upset also
more Yoga Illustrations
off course :) just text me whenever you want and I got you!
great! let me know when. the bar...err..door is always open here.
So when will the countdown clock actually be counting down?
And you say my tweets are weird.....
At terrible as i feel workaholics is making me feel a bit better
I am taking a course in fiscal & financial management in higher ed & at this point, I need a separate course on acronyms!
RT : Even when the pain is great, the goodness in your life is greater.
I'm going to go counter to the trend and not watch it.
Eating Your Way Through Finals | Kosher Recipes – Joy of Kosher ...
. has announced their headliners & 15 city tour. Are you going?!
how long u back?
I kept forgetting to tell you: Been dreaming about db and development for days now. :) have a killer day!
George W, Nolan Ryan, & I (along with a stadium full of Rangers fans) just set a World Record for most people wearing sunglasses in the dark
Let's see what Abbotsford is all Abbot!
A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.
“: ill do damn near anything to help out a friend”
Welcome the newest member of the Gameday tweet club.
Happy Valentine's Day to all of of wonderful fans!
The VA loan program can make it much easier for veteran to secure a home than with other loan solutions.
“: your in the dirty south?”<Yep I'm in the south that's dirty!!!
There is a couple doing some next level tongue slurpin' in this bar right now.
Headed back to Nashville to finish the record! Can't wait for everyone to hear it!
didn't get your text!
THANKS!! “: Just bought "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" from Amazon. Awesomeness!”
I can't do this OR can I ???
Thanks for the mention. The whole team is thrilled to have Shauna join. Many exciting things on the horizon.
": Word to and " << Already! Website grind!
Jelousy wont get you anywhere , after all your only making yourself look bad.
Seems like a pretty rad person to hang with. Lolol
haha!! :) glad to hear that :P I'd loved school around this time, everyone is laid back and fun.
it's cool. I'll be doing HW in the computer lab 'til then. Lemme know.
and then the crazy man said, with great sincerity, "thank you, thank you mister librarian."
awks moment when idk what that says cause I don't have an iphone..
When you blame and criticize others, you are avoiding some truth about yourself. - Deepak Chopra
Have you ever wondered what happens to your mail when you're done with it? #AdvancedMailingServices offers a variety of safe mailing svcs.
Uh-Oh!!!! Just got the motivation for another song!! Tee-hee-hee!! This one is going to be fun
The end result shouldn't just be in OUR mind, it also needs to be in THEIR minds. Via
Thor Rocked! I was pleasantly surprised by how well it was done. Kenneth Branaugh really created a rad film.
At with
lol hey shush she's my girlfriend
Played kickball with kids at mother-in-law's house during Easter weekend...hamstrings are killin' me now. Not used to running!
"I find the greatest thing in this world, not so much where we stand...we must sail,...not live at anchor". Oliver Wendell
Looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
Just watched live on - great job guys! Looking forward to next Tuesday
omg, thanks for reminding me! Lmao :P
just recommended you!
Nonstop morning.
thanks for the retweet
right I was thinking that. The problem is that I want to define these people's activities not just directly from the webinar.
Being a male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentlemen is a matter of choice.
Thanks for the like on Facebook!!
You guys r the best. They edited out the part about how MB is the friendliest of all interview spots I've done! Boo.
That's the only show I watched when I was little!!
Fucking Twitter and their 140 characters...
back in Philly.
Me and r gonna go to a satanist cult for the fuck of it one day
thank you!
See you again? You mind putting the # in my phone? It's so hard to type with this drink in my hand
Are any Paralegals using Pinterest for branding or networking?
Why was the moth so unpopular ?He kept picking holes in everything !
ESPN NFL - Bucs involved in talks with Oregon coach Chip Kelly about head coaching job, sources report
I'm so mad at this
watching #TheGodFather ~ Al Pacino played his part very well. 2 thumbs up! :)
Hey cool person! Whats up?
On the road to Cincinnati to see my Reds play! Running on 4 hours of sleep, we'll see how this goes...
no... I tried but they're all unavailable. And you have to update billing stuff that confused me.
Huh? Which one? I miss that beast like CRAZY.
Okay... so maybe this Computing stuff isn't too hard. I feel smart being able to debug and decode programs and macros. :D
one more month until the album really looking forward to the album it's been a while since I've heard some good old Juggy D.
Happy mothers day from Downtown LA Law.
on the way to class bumpin more about nothing. the guy somehow incorporated the best tv ever in the tape. cant wait for
Nerissa Myers steals home to put the Cajuns on the board first. ULL leads WKU 1-0 in the bottom of the first.
Shivers BBQ = the best <3
just booked a new film huge! And getting shredded for party in
Always! And you? Doing a decent amount of traveling, but...not too bad. ICON was good. What's going on with you?
lol nah, he just moves that way, actually more like he's 92
Off this week trying to catch up on all the household chores i have put off
#JohnnyDepp stars in #TimBurton's #DarkShadows – in theaters this wknd! Text DARK & your ZIP CODE to at 43549 for local showtimes.
When you walk outside in shorts to go to the gym and it's only 44 degrees <<<
Its like that when you're hella famous like you are.
RT : We are performing "The Only Place" on Letterman tonight 11:30PM on CBS! Tune in!
Sippin' Italian soda straight from the bottle! #HighLivin'
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
The feminine one who cried over his dead cat?
I would, except the code4lib wiki isn't letting me register :-)
I now require 4 pillows or the equivalent to sleep.
only camel boots are riding boots. Have camel mary janes and nude pumps.
The event team has me convinced that the studio is haunted. Great. First the evil doll they've tortured me with, now flippin' ghosts.
Phoenix! We're hurtling towards you at high velocity in a big green ball of steel inertia!
I have a love/hate relationship with how easy the internet and #Apps have made buying stuff online.
Gaustad and a 4th for Nashville's 1st. Buffalo makes the best deal of the day and now has 2 1sts and 2 2nds.
Thanks! Watching now!
Imagine that you're always surrounded by Divine Loving Light. It infuses your thoughts, feelings, words & actions with Pure Love & So.it is!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!
Thanks for having someone call me so quickly. I'll be updating my (already positive) blog post w further compliments for TWC.
Can't figure out how my legs got covered in bug bites. SO itchy!!!!
My heart and mind r so different it sucks
Caller says a guy got busted driving while naked and making knuckle children down 390 yesterday at 11am.
i did absolutely nothing this whole break, yet i still feel quite accomplished.
Decided I want breasts this year. Tired of waiting.
He makes me smile :) <3
Robert J. Collier~ Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out...
Carson, Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it. -- W. Somerset Maugham.
Yes we are! RT : Thanks for the follow. Word on the street is you're coming to the BIG CITY
The return of the Wurst-Burger.
sadly no :( but we wouldn't have without you anyway :)
Sounds like u r going to have a fun night >>: (Literally) dusting off my heels for the Asheville Music Video Awards party ;)
I got dibble on. Harry <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Working on a Sunday: There's a dog here (returning books?) with its owner, and an old man jamming to Rihanna.
it's all good (;
Haha. Tell your wife hi for me and hope to see her at more Minn. events :)
Excited to be @ SF Pitch 2011 event today! If you're going to be there ping us :)
Have you seen the tables? Is that a fact?
Can we get a replay of that Denis Phipps catch? Helluva play.
I'm feeling pretty good about how i've started my business. #smcash has been confirmation for me i'm right on track.
money makin mike? is that the other kid...
I f'ing love Shelby on #AxMen. He needs to have a show of his own!!!! Theyd make millions!! Lmao!!! :-)
So what happened to KONY 2012? I thought people were so "committed"........
How Im feelin right now <<<<<<<
I need to get my lazy a** up
For dinner: ROASTED BUTTERNUT SQUASH RAVIOLI, apple wood bacon, sage, crumbled goat cheese, roasted butternut squash, candied pecans
And we look forward to it!
She crushes on every smart comic. It's sorta creepy. Esp considering they're in SEPARATE ROOMS. Weird.
I wish I was where at....gettin moneyy!!!
Grizz survives late Ciippers surge to advance to gm 6!
Getting ready to march in the pride parade. Looks like a beautiful day!
Workin with pen and ink today in 2D art
Even feeling like shit somehow managed to hit the gym with Max and even suprise Amber at work too
Facebook credo: Move fast and break things.
Finally made it back in Ann Arbor. Now to attack the 10" of snow in my driveway.
#WhatMakeGirlsHappy tickets to meet or <33
Cutters, Wing It Cycling take final practice race before Little 500 - Indiana Daily Student
BONER JAM
Oh that was Drew! He screamed and scared us all!
God bless the broken road that led me staright to you!
(Robert Half) Asking the right questions takes as much skill as giving the right answers.
Do not manage the rate of failure manage the cost of failure
Friday cant qet here any faster.!
For me, they are fun and exciting to look at when on your shelf like any art.
I just heard this, "Damn it's wetter outside than the last bitch I fucked." What a prick -.-
Not proud to claim #NC as my home state tonight; what a sad comment on human rights & equality you made. Good night and good luck.
SO HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO SHARE THIS OPPORTUNITY WITH MY PEPS
Precisely the reason why I try not to get attached to any one pair of tights. They will all meet their hole-y fate eventually.
so awesome!
So the newslincolncounty website has if KFBR, I saw KRFB and KFRB on facebook. Which is it? What call letters did the FCC asign
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. ~ Kahlil Gibran ~
Overheard: Men discussing "unimproved land" and "timber." Also known as "nature" and "trees."
The simple truth will always prevail over a complicated lie.
We go threw hell In get threw paradise
Where do you find it?
Dream BIGGER...it can happen for you.
If you're coming out to the 7P show today, we suggest you allow for an extra 30 minutes of travel/parking due to streets being blocked off.
Someone Like You! :D
The incident makes for a fun story. Although going through it was sub-optimal.
Grey's Anatomy finale.. why are the characters explaining what happened and not just showing? Do they think we are dumb?
don't worry Rachel and I only have to leave you one more time anyway haha
well at least you've got a workaround. The reports I've heard seem so sporadic that's it's hard to pinpoint the cause.
I am disappointed; my crush is taken.
Of couse they don't. Especially when the "california roll" comes from Kroger.
BTW, check Google and News results for "short sales" and "strategic default." is owning. Will send report + pics tomorrow
you don't have to thank me honey
I am a live in nanny mon - thursday for an 8 year old boy! When I go home I leave silly little notes for him all over the house!
I ask what he's going to do whit the success. His Response: "Fuck Hoes".
Everybody be calling Jordan 'Jo' these days.
RT : I love the SyFy channel! #IAmNerd don't judge me! LOL
Do you want to work with your therapy animal at hospitals, seniors homes and hospice centres? Contact us today for details.
We can't make U be ready. We can't make U put your hear into your voice box and push fire into the mic. Somebody better though
RT A bold and powerful realization for us writers! Then we just help them write their scripts! <=Yes!
will do my dude...that's what's up....
why hello donna! Happy Weds. We are having ur England weather in the us :-( chilly and rainy xoxo
Thank you Brig for your return message. Life is so unfair to a lot of people. Your last profile comment truly inspires me! THX
Hey I heard you were a wild one ;)
Anyone wanna help me make my wedding playlist? :p I want sort of an indie type feel.
I'm reading the Hunger Games series right now... and I just cannot stop.
Keep up the good music bro!
I'm ok. No clients this weekend. So I'm doing nothing,staying in I guess. Whatcha doin in liverpool?
Starting in Hales Corners as an ASM for next week!
Can't wait to sign up for the gym. Summer bod here I come
follow me chris
campus, then i had to pay like 175 for those fucking books i took back late. STOP RAPING ME IN THE ASS OSU
That tweet was to all of my followers except
Can't find time to work out? Try waking up 20 minutes earlier and going for a quick run. It's easy!
INTRODUCTION DAY!?!? First the #iPad 3, now a new beer from #CoorsLight ?
Friday at last <3!
Listen to Charlie and Mike from Finch's Brewery and Jim and TJ from Beerhoptacular talk craft beer on WGN 720 AM tonight in 60 min! 1a.m.
I'm flying on SW. It's worse here.
I think ima just come to afterprom on some dumb chill swagg not no skirt or dress.Uh naaa
Nothing in sight is on fire and I can't smell tear gas. Looks like this Monday night will be more calm than last week's.
welcome to 38 hours ago ;)
Dear Mac users, please stop including ._name. files in your damned zips!
The White Puma was awesome.
My favorite memory of school by far is watching historical documentaries. So yeah, I guess you could say I'm a people person.
nice, lobster tails?
peace to my fellow insomniacs on the left coast while we try in vain to ignore the rest of y'alls "good mornings" lol
which two parter is it? What happened?
At AS luncheon at Emeril's.
Thnx for following. A MicroSite on AgooBiz [free] for Dubli connects u w/ #smallbusiness users & helps u reach more markets!
Added! Can't wait to see why I'm gonna hate you :P!
In Tiger's online Q&A fan asks: what r in those little bottles u chug? His answer: electrolytes...I get them from Fuse. (Great planted PR!)
Back from NYC just in time to start season four rehearsals tonight!
Love braising me some greens...
God I love live tv. Phillies fan cuses in live interview with Mark Stout. Hilarious.
And now LeBron hits the floor. Shocking that it took so long.
send us a message if you want us to come to your business and promote your company. 5 person professional crew.
For sure <3 thanks !!
the teacher, who you know well, found me so annoying she literally let me color all class.
SO TIRED OF BEING TIRED I JUST DONT HAVE ENERGY TO DO ANYTHING AND I KNOW I HAVE TO
West End Rocker and Viking Blond as the wildcard. COME ON !!
makes u wanna "shuffle" lol!
IN #MODELLAND, TOOKIE HAS 1GRN N BRN eye “: Can this b tookie's cat?Luv it!Matches her perfect! ”
lets go to orlando and make this stuff work out
good question! because we play hipster music, but we don't think we're cooler than everyone else. :p
It could just be from receding gum line.
We have a new thought about every 1.3 seconds. That is 60,000+ thoughts per day. Choose wise and desirable thoughts. It is you.
sorry to hear your visit wasn't for better reasons, Yes its so beautiful. I miss all the green, but the snow not so much :)
Shut it!
I want some orange juice from sonicc.
“: For me, it's Cinco de Stay-Inside-o.” haha
Since my youth, O God, you have taught me, and to this day I declare your marvelous deeds. (Psalm 71:17)
You mean wrestling at The Dolphin with guns at Broad and Tasker.
more tired than ever rite now...work 5-2 then home for a long nap. -_-
Thank you for supporting Durango HS and Project Sole Shoe Drive
Make sure you come out to Operation Caregiver @ Horton Square from 6am-6pm. Bring cash, wipes, Gold Bond body powder, sunscreen, OFF Repell
Thanks. I've narrowed it down to lulu and Walsh printing in Maine. The pudding is in the proof!
Is watching burn notice on Netflix.
Happy Mothers Dayy to all the wonderful mothers out there! :)).
Okay. 2am. I gave it my best for the night. Goodnight fish tank.
Man my legs stay feeling itchy as hall after practice
“: #pla12 business plans for each "product" to address who we're serving with each and why.” Interesting idea!!!
Breakfast,then getting ready for the RUE 21 fashion runway show!! <3 :)
Yesterdays Commercial, Interview and Photo shoot was a huge success!
UGH. I feel sick. :x
How was shredding this season? If you are getting back in shape, prevent #exercise injuries with #chiropractic care.
Good morning and Afternoon to everyone!
Tonight on #ADELEANTE, we explore new programs at La Causa Charter School, including Robotics and Television. On MPTV 10 at 6:30 PM
haha just this?
thanx doc u have a great outlook on MMA look 4ward too future discussions with you!
You never want to be known as "that hairy chested chick"
Haha I go to airports an hour early just so I can people watch
#JARRETT WORLD OR NO WORLD L'S CITY
Wow. Which Chuckle brother are you??
Guys have no idea what it means to girls when they tell her "You look very pretty today"
Looks like a big ass church.
So you're leaving at 5 today?
Buffalo United is like Niagara Falls basketball team only bigger dbags
Welcome back. A Raystown trip shall be done post haste.
You Have A Twitter
Married life has many ups and downs. May all of yours be between the sheets!
having a jersey shore season 2 sesh.
Katy perrys on replay, she's on replay
GOING TO THE DODGERS GAME!!=D my birthday week begins NOW!
- Yeah, we do. Excruciating at times.
Charlie Mingus - Flamingo - 10:01 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Big girls you are beautiful~
Trying something new and hope it works!
I am so scared of needles
#itannoysmewhen they show the really good parts in a movie on the commercial -_-
#mustaches are the
The way you make me feel > everything else.
if ur ever looking for a gf im here for ya! All ya need to do is ask! (: <3
you gave super admin access to the wrong account. Please grant it to this should be the org.
aren't we on Southworst? Can't check in until Friday!
Who has some trouble for us to get into tonight?
Most food advertising on children's TV shows is for fast foods, soft drinks & candy..
haha at spell. Concur*
Even the most misery bastard can crack.
I want to go to Ringling College of Art + Design, holy crap!
oh man I will look for it! Playoff time my friend
hello beautiful
probably. Or they're just doing yet another government demographics survey...
Trivia: Ludacris started doing radio.
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired...
Indeed, credit where it is due
How did the interview go?
Listening to #AmyWinehouse and
Dude. You balls like to be on Bernanke's chin? You should see someone about that.
It's so much easier to be sick when you're a grad student: I have nothing to cancel tomorrow.
Vote for your favorite Orlando Club at www.hgpof.com under club tab
Crap, Napoli hurt. That error might be the best defense the Cards play all night.
I'm making a fake military ID just so I can eat free at Applebees on Veteran's Day. Who's with me?
Fucking white people and their Ferraris.... Just you wait >:O
- thx for sharing the post!
kidnap the santy claus throw him in a box leave him there for 90 years then see if he talks. Kidnap the santy claus :) x
Reggie was on there. Kris was on there. Kanye gon' be on there. Kim is a genius.
Having something half wayISharder thanNOThaving it at all!&once milk is spoiled when U got back2the fridge it still gonnaBspoiled
#questionsthatdontgetanswers: How is the womb sauna preventing misscarriages, curing fibroids and PCOS, and empowering women?
I'm so glad my dog is a Gecko killer...Ugh I hate those things!!
What do y'all think about doing another live stickam chat?!
okey dokey :) tell me which one you like better, and if u like neither choose one u think would be good :)
Rue 21 just pissed me off!
OMG GUYS!! LETS TREND #EbenOnEllen FOR EBEN!
Former #Badgers running back Zach Brown heading to Buffalo for a tryout with the
Rapid transit: Guy on bus cracked 24 oz beer on mercer island, finished it before emerging from I-90 tunnel
My favorite part of Hunger Games was every time Katniss would pull her bow so far back that it would smush her nose and lips.
lions and Lost... it just doesn't get better.
Grandkids here. Love us some Audrey and Owen. 6 special days coming up.
Boom. Go #Seahawks!! Nice first half. Sorry all you #suckforluck, go flat for Matt folks. I just don't have it in me to want to lose.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 9
Never underestimate the heart of a champion.
Another beautiful day in the Gaslamp. Enjoy!
Tomorrow is going to be really hard for me guys.. Please keep me, but more importantly my Mom and little brother in your prayers.Thank you<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I hear Mrs Obama say she wants to leave the White House, never to return, and a thrill goes up my leg!
follow back
Best live songs: Bobby Jean, Surrender, The Rising, Rocky Ground, Dancin in the Dark. 2 my Chicago folks: buy tix for Wrigley!
Tough Loss , , , Time to regroup for SEC Home opener next weekend
Its on 11 o clock & my TL dead af
so happy dat vinny followed me..didnt think he would.. mood: shocked but happy:)
Excited for all the great events this week at Wisconsin Book Festival www.wisconsinbookfestival.org
In college I majored in free internet and minored in sex.
Settlement #2 of the day is a wrap and I'm headed to get mom her crab cake fix. I can't think of a better way to celebrate.
This cold weather needs to go away.
#RandomThought...women that fall off and let themselves go..then make excuses and not try to get back right..#FAIL #DoBetter <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
always interesting to see how things pan out!
No , he is an inspiration to give it your all , everyday and at any cost . Live Life To It's Fullest
Glad it wasn't just me RT love when says "the good news is, it's really simple" while heads explode
MT : QR codes are popping up on gravestones. Scan the code, read the obituary and see photos of the deceased. (via )
although johnny stokes is a complete douchebag, i do enjoy reading some of what he has to say. he's not dumb.
think pink
On average men spend 51 minutes a day grooming themselves
I'm pretty sure 99.9 percent of my followers know that I don't really think Claiborne is among the smartest SEC athletes..
That new Nas joint goes Hard!!
and I felt like tech people in other parts of the US would care less about the CLT/life tweets
Why, thank you! How'a your day been?
Might go see a movie by my self tonight or tomorrow.
I'm not sure how I missed their new stuff. Just found it today.
#BOYFRIENDReview i love your voice it's so deep
Exciting start of the #aggiesoccer season. Thank you for the play play play
I love sarcasm... I just hate the people that use it
wow, I think I be a HUGE fan of you, guys. Hahaha :) The song is pretty awesome! :D
Catching up on The Walking Dead... now THIS is some scope! Why'd they wait til the season finale to actually move the plot along?
convenience is one reason, and the snowball effect I find effective, as well
Thanks for followin brotha. I am diggin your music. Lovin After Tonite. Have you played the Roxy or Troubador yet? Best wishes!!!
I will not be there to visually support the #Lakers today, but my <3 is in the staple center, sitting next 2 Jack. #NBAPlayoffs Go
learning how to play the harmonica cause gino said i couldnt do it . CHALLENGE ACCEPTED !
It wasn't wicketkeeping at all. It was wicket-regifting.
My husband just read mine for the1st time a few weeks ago & I started it last Sept. Obviously, not interested.
Fingers crossed that laptop battery makes it thru session.
when will u come back to meet me baby <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
lmfaoo not of they act like you they not gone have that ctfu
JUST KEEP EFFING SWIMMING
Most work at my office is so pointless no one would even know if I did it or not. I'm just going to say I audited those case files.
Just ironed a light cotton dress by kimchi & blue. Can't help but think of those cotton commercials.
Got an awesome shave and haircut at tonight
I'm just about out the door but I will leave you a DM here before I leave.
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Niall. I got tickets for your stop in Chicago February 24th I'm so excited
team trivia at 8pm. 35 cent wings til midnight
woahhhh... i love your background! sparkles! soo much glitter! aha the littlest things make me like soo excited! baha :)
So he-who-must-not-be-named was suprisingly REALLY nice to me!
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper. #odd facts
yeah pretty cute! #soulmate?
"Saved by the Bell," the whole series, is now streamable on Netflix. And the first episode is terrible.
I was getting there... I'll make you a deal: you buy me a baroque bassoon, and I'll buy a kilt and wear it while playing.
So fun seeing you two yesterday! And I'm not just saying that b/c of the swords.
I miss having an office.
AWWW YEAH JB AND USHER. SOMEBODY TO LOVE.
good one Arda
"La Quinta" is Spanish for "next to Denny's."
I guess being an attorney is not enough these days...she has a part time job as a dominatrix. We're talking about it right now:...
RT : God blessed us with this Sistahwarrior...#Rape #SexualAssault #Domestic Violence...NO!
Mars has water, minerals and an atmosphere that can be used to produce oxygen and all kinds of fuel
that's not gone happen
Milwaukee is dancin' and romancin' on the dance floor at 's Mardi Gras party at Turner! A very cool sight to behold.
The StartingUp Skillcenter launches April 18 and provides an integrated business planning and social networking solution....
comcast hates me cuz i'm poor and jobless so they killed my cable and internet. weak sauce! bo hiissss!
i'm starving right now and you've just made me salivate by saying the word Chipotle.
Ahh new favorite song on repeat! Till I pass out :P
where y'all at?
being nervous never helps you win anything
Ricky's so cute when he runs <3 haha ..
RT #ZodiacFacts The ability to think expansively makes a #Sagittarius an extraordinary visionary.
no, i live in florida.
Hi Chelsey. Space is limited, but you do not need to RSVP. We recommend getting there as early as you can. Can't wait!
Having a dog rocks. Going on a walk or to the park is the most therapeutic part of my day.
Looking for Carolinas IT contacts with large companies. My wife is looking for work as programmer/systems analyst/database person for mainf…
Watching Robocop and filing taxes. It would be the perfect afternoon if the dishwasher hadn't exploded all over the kitchen.
wondering what to do for First Friday and welcoming any suggestions :)
If the Rangers somehow lose this game, I hope the refs have protection leaving the Garden. I've heard their lives threatened a few times...
Guha Shankar encourages us to maintain focus while keeping in mind where an oral history project might lead.
Watching "Gridiron Gang"
go to bed ily
gumbo deficiency.
Who wants to take me to the Spring Fling or the Pima County Fair??? =)
New Meatball Shop in the hood. Breaking out the husky pants early this holiday season. Cc
Okay but if you're gonna text me about that you gotta hit me first RT : we can't be friends anymore
YELLO!! Don't know how to use the reply option yet...
Why does the Right love heterosexuality so much, anyway? It wasn't long ago that they thought asexuality was bomb diggity!
Shelf Awareness: if the point of art is to touch...then A Silence of the Mockingbirds (by Karen Spears Zacharia) is a work of art.
Hair afire? “: Somebody will have to let me know how that turns out. RT Michael Jackson to appear on Pepsi cans”
Sounds lovely. May I join you? :)
glad you enjoyed! Thanks for coming in tonight!
I see its more Nino browns than dr huxtables on twitter..
(15-24) 62.5% from the free-throw line won’t get it done
GIVE BACK THE IPOD NOW
children of men? Yes lots. But it's integration is remarkable. Most things aren't noticeable.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. ~ Jim Rohn
I'm buzzed, I'm bored, I'm chillin...times likes these wish I had a man to cuddle wit...blah being single SUCKS!! #:(
And I just screamed because I discovered ramen noodles next to the stove :D
Just sent in my corrected thesis for final review. I will be doing a slow happy dance until I hear word about its completeness.
I would not have survived this night without and thanks girls <3
miss you too
Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Grinders Recipe from Bon Appétit
Dinner Theatre is amazing<3 love show choir!
I've seen Sassy Girl, Dream High, Beethoven's Verses, and I'm slowly working over Boys Over Flowers.
I like women in spandex bring on that cottage cheese!!
5. Opens all the soups at the soup bar. Swishes them around. Doesn't buy soup.
When did reality become TV? - old school punk now playing keeping me motivated during cardio
I could use a cup right now! Brew it up! : )
what up J! Glad u got a twitter! So jealous u were out doing the MJ without me!
God bless the Swedes.
oh really? damn
Competing fashion stores will run swimwear sales starting on Sept. 01. Yes, end of summer!
Just look for the #witsphl tag and you'll find a ton of women who work in/around/with tech. :)
Killin' it in the front row
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
The booth folks are not only nice, they're holding a drawing for a free trip to Greenbuild in San Francisco in Nov.
Is that really your Mom in your avi?
I don't doubt your passion, brotherman. You're a purebred go-getter.
Wsop main event start with 30 k. 28.4 k in. Early trading.
I really need a recording device for the home phone. I've had a field day with some and look forward to tomorrow.
Ethan: My dad liked coffee and ended up being drinken like coffee, Circle of Life Peter: Lion King all that jazz lmao
great seeing you at dinner, more beautiful in person!! hope ya'll are loving the beach!!
awesome - I'll tell the chef ;)
Is A Cabin In The Woods any good? I wanna see it so bad. >.<
in our seats and ready to rock
Album is officially on its way. Title will be revealed in a couple weeks
This just in: Eddie Murphy totally cool with not ever being relevant ever again. Rest of the world responds: *shrug*
- I am doing pretty well Lee. Staying a little too busy lately, but trying to enjoy life :P. How are you? I miss you!
Its down too
oh, that's a wonderful area! go to dolce vita and all the places around that area on duval!
If we can get to at least 8, but it'd be better to get to 10, then let's do this. We can have a draft party w/ food after 5.
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 14, 2012
We love you too.
well he lost his skills kuz he can't hoop on this worldstar vid
knowing your so close and I can't see you!
Doing my hair :D
Make it three hours and you've got a deal!
bout to wake tomorrow and finish my nail art
aww u all gave up. )': I sad now but imma keep trying everyday!!
I thank you for that.. And I hope..
The wrong person walked out of my life, and the right person walked in.
all i wanna know is how much Tirico makes.
Too excited for T in the Park!
sounds AWESOME! haha Moviegoers must be jealous.
please follow mee
I'm on the #LorraineKelly show tomorrow and Sharon Ozzy is presenting,i will be off my fucking tits on poppers, should be hilarious
Wishing everyone a #productive #Monday! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 22
IKR!!! Wish I had one! Wonder if it's too late for me to go back to school? :)
Follow me!!
oh I know right... Haha but nope, just renting!
so I like it
feel sorry for the football players!(: its raining!!..:/
Soo proud of for all her accomplishments
i know :[[ it makes me sad.
Are you going on younow today? D: i really wanna see you(:
Ha! “: Got a good little buzz going on. Who can I bribe to go get me some beer? ?<-heard y'all take bribes”
THERE ISNOT A FUCKING T IN Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr WHE GET TI FROM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol just wondering
its been a rough night,but i wake up in the morning, and that was yesterday, now today i think of what i can do better. -zach hughes
We need to get as many people on board as possible! I did the math and we need roughly 1,500 people to tweet our 'trend'
Definitely not, if you're a diligent drinker! :)
thats really weird
So excited to be joining the family and wear some amazing jewelry this holiday season!!! #Stella&Dot
So you can put George Clooney in anything and it'll will win a Golden Globe. You can put him Diary of a Mad Black Woman 2 and it's winning.
#FirstthingIDoInTheMorning is thank God for waking me up...:-) Thank ya!!!
Just got lied to.. Smh
#Thankyou for helping us create #Confident Clients ready to make a powerful first impression, a key preparation to successfully land a job.
Jazmine Sullivan got a bigger nose. RT : What's the difference between Adele and Jazmine Sullivan?
Bonnie, #champagne ambassador of California with , says Perrier-Jouet "Belle Époque" is the Aston-Martin of champagne.
thank you so much for the FB page! perfect!
Wordpress... you can never get around hacking around...
: why can't you retweet um
just got back from the salon AND I LOOK BEAUTIFUL
lol lifting metal an painting an construction but everybody been fuckin with me today they keep saying im rushing myself
You're very welcome.
I know that just happened to me im like ohhhhkayy LMFAO
thanks! all i had to do was turn around & look out my office window!
anything but death parts me from you.” 18When [Naomi] saw how determined she was to go with her, she ceased to argue with her; #Torah 20/9
Wait why did it change to ??
Guitar tracking starts NOW.
CCP sabotaged KMT like the American colonies sabotaged the British. Or like the North sabotaged South in Civil War.
Oh God that recolciliation with Johnilla isn't gonna last 4 very long.
Aw, I know the feeling. Sorry, hun. :/
what a sweetie mother's day episode of
you will never catch me in capris
yea so now the alphabet ends with y
• I never would've guessed. Just assumed Uwere younger than me! I'm 33. Female also, why I especially don't like his comments
Sometimes u work on something for weeks & it sounds horrible then randomly in 5 minutes u put it all together OMG FINALLY, YES!!!!
I am speaking! Are you going?
Dude you sound like Seth rogan, hahahahahhahahaaahahahahahahaha
I'm not a freak, i'm just specially limited edition :)
Good morning tweetharts! Hump Day. We are almost there for Happy Fridays! Have a good one :-)
surely shone their LIGHT at #WMIM! They turned a quaint cottage into a Goddess Cove! Subscribe to their list for goodies!
Thank you for your faith, sweater makers who provide extra thread in a baggy with my purchase as if I'm actually going to fix that shit.
Miss a retweet of you girl D:
The last 2 months in sports betting. Im hitting over 65%. Im doing phenomenal!!!
RT : Things you hear at a museum convention: "We worked on WWI together."
kill surf.....LOL
Think I might hit up Fogo De Chao today after work
I'm on! I'm at Dollar General MARKET! ;D haha. How are you?(;
'Know why you are marching,' a sign at nearby M.L. King Academy reads.
Quote of the Day - LOL! RT : #nptech IT is like a box of kitty litter. Most staff don't think about it until it stinks!
Come join The Circle at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
pick me up a few shirt while your there xL yea dig lol
Murray State is No. 24 in the AP Basketball rankings! AMAZING! BOTH of my alma maters are officially on the list! #GoCats #Go Racers
lol oh! That's okay :) julian is a tad bit too young im 15 lol but I love him
do you understand how much loves you?? you should follow her to see her tweets and cheer u up when ur down:)
okay, thank you!
Still on my much needed, EXTENDED vacation. I'll be back soon! Until then, all inquiries can be forwarded to:
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Just got out of my amazing acting class taught by
Interactive Web Design Blog » Blog Archive » The Click N Bank ...
Congrats on 500!!!
I'm all about life-balance, but sometimes I just love too much of a good thing.
didn't think the sound system could get worse but it just did. Section 336, you couldn't hear anything.
i hope
The machine is working hard. Making deals and doing what he is born to do.
Santorum seems to be doing really well in tonight's primaries. Is this backlash from GOP base about recent contraception debate?
Gotta throw away these people's crap tho
Hannel just text me "of course I wouldn't forget about our road trip baby"
"The color of truth is gray." - Andre Gide
I am excited to say that we have officially begun the rebranding process. It is a lot of work, but our customers will love it!
it's
My moms so horrible, I can't use my laptop till Wednesday.
I wanna go to broncos training camp this summer, for
Hey guys and gals...can we please stop RT'ing IU jackasses, just for tonight and just enjoy our win? We'll get more than enough this week.
guys help get to 700 !!
I may like shopping but I've spent my limit & I'm fully stocked. Jeans, shorts, shirts & shoes. Need to buy toms but I got the essentials
Ya boy stay fly like he was dressin for Easter
keep a suicide watch on Josh after the LSU wipeout of his boys.
S/O to my new follower :)
Plz follow my other account :)
Texting you, brings back all the feelings. And when you don't text me back, brings back all the reasons why were not together anymore.
RT : I want playbook :'( it's cuter than ipad <3~ tell me wht a #playbook is plzz!!!
The Dictator looks like it'll amuse me.
This train is slow as fuck
Does anyone know who owns Donna's on Rampart anymore?
what's wrong with the winky faces;) haha.?!
Hahahaha. No problem, Hondo! I do what I can :)
oh my seven glasses of wine - watch out for some crazy tweets :) and misspelling ones
Congrats! What discipline?
the rest of the country DOESN'T know the goodness of scrapple. We are trying to get the word out!
"O that...they would...keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children forever!"~Deuteronomy 4:29
since I don't know every statistic of the Lakers whom I'm a die hard Fam of, he calls me a fake fan...lls
Kingman Park rocks! Fireworks EVERYWHERE!
promises....I hope I never break 'em.
So with mistrial of Roger #Clemens, & looming trial, I'm thinking is this the best use of OUR $? How 'bout Wall St. Execs.?
Just love having the same "bedtime" as a toddler for having 1 d on my report card... -.-
Better than expected sales, created a lot of buzz, great connections, discovered new markets, looking forward 2 build off of
Never feel weakening always boost up! is it key for healthy LIVE
I leave in the morning lol smh
April 1 the duo at Viper Lounge. working on a full band date for later in the month. The nudity is up to you.
The fact our govt holds congressional hearings and trail after trail about steroids really shows how out of touch and incompetent they are
Tuple meeting still on for tomorrow evening - time and place?
#Chiefs Rookie Camp LeGree was the ONLY QB at camp all weekend. That is a lot of passes in 4 practices. Shows toughness.
On News10NBC Today at 6:30, find out what lawmakers are doing so you won't have to pay more for your favorite brews
I like the word association you have going.
Hope you got 20 followers from iTricks , we want updates tonight!
there are other players on the ports. “: Max! Go Ports Go!”
That sounds fabulous!
Saw a rehearsal at & Deb Staples was phenomenal! Go see THE BLONDE, THE BRUNETTE AND THE VENGEFUL REDHEAD
Hmm.. Never mind. Too lazy and i would probably say bad things because i only like a few people.
Reading details of our financial collapse in THE BIG SHORT - seems it always at the center, perpetrating outlandish fraud.
what a terrific panel on youth and incarceration at CASA; great job facilitating discussion!
Road open and we're off!
can everyone stop obbsessing over one direction.
hold on. You hung out with a cow?
would use a "social app" that constantly displayed/ published: <U+266C> jams now playing <U+266C>; RH%; TEMP º F
it was great! Perfect weather
Hitting up New York Sports Club for practice tonight! then off to a team dinner!! Can't wait!
he just needs practice. I agree starting guard middle next season.
maybe xP
First time in so long that everything personally, academically, professionally and life in general are all awesome at the same time
Welcome new followers, you'll find that my Tweets are worth everything you paid for them.
Awesome first 2 picks by Pittsburgh
Officially just got to watch people from jail in court & got to fill out their info yup
Much love RT : Great day on Boston w/ my boy
Prepare to be fascinated. Don’t miss the Leakeys on BONES OF TURKANA, as they unravel the mysteries of human evolution. On MPTV 10 at 9PM.
thanks for the shoutout.
There is nothing more I want to avoid on a rainy day than laziness and boredom -- the ultimate enemy duo.
Please support Monroe County Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) for children. Call (812) 333-2272. Volunteers needed now. - JDG
Beer selection is so terrible that I am having to watch ECHO and the stone cold sober.
PS: also thinking of replacing buttons on another coat with leopard print buttons... inspired by your new cobalt blue coat :P
Why I started calling everyone monkey? I can't remember and I'll never know. Y'all can take that shit tho. Monkeys.
I had no idea you had an art minor.
Try our organic flavors for electronic cigarettes. Made in the USA and the flavors are delicious! You will love the taste!!!
ISLAM IS BEING HIJACKED AGAIN.... WHERE DO THESE IDIOTS COME FROM..
Patriotic millionaires, give me a break. You don't have to wait to be taxed, write a check to the US Treasury right now.
Happy Monday! What did you and your Audi do over the weekend?
Not only is #JohnLegend a great musician, he's a supporter of #CIS!
You're most welcome! :)
Who doesn't?? hahaha sorry, i have to go :/ bye.
This was my first trip back in 4.5 years, and to make sure I go back soon, BBC shall become my main radio station
Do not forget about our Clearence sale... $15 dollar dresses, $10 tops, $30 dollar sweaters! We love you!
Didn't Danks have just 2 swing and misses another outing this year?
Who's going to Brad on Sat??? :)
he's a stubborn ass 4 sure.won't forgive me 4 a temple marriage til i put a grandkid in his arms.
#ExcusesGuysMake I can't see you, i'm ill.
This week, cracked 9mm visits in the past 30 days.
yea...that sucked.
OMFG retweeted one of my tweets!:D that made my day!<3
Took a little finagling to get it up, but otherwise it has been fine.
Now when I delete spam emails about donkey dicks I get to see a ad of a guy giving me a thumbs up
Four way volleyball scrimmage at Moby Arena at Colo State. In my mind the best athleticism of all NCAA Womens sports.
since you only seem to tweet now: your email keeps spamming me with your dick enlargement purchases.
lol yep saw the opportunity
Today's one of those days where I just wanna lock myself in my room and not see anyone.
stave was 11. In any case how many qb's should he recruit in a year to be to your satisfaction? 5-10? 1 yr seems reasonable
listening to #underthemistletoe and WOW. im speechless. incredible album man
I see death around the corner !
#mlanet12 reminder: I'm taking suggestions/questions for exhibit hall blogging!
2what degree is this über heavy, non-age appropriate content alienating students from learning? Weeding out the non-college bound?
Watching the #Nats game on MLB Gameday, because I'm a
If you know what hurts yourself, You know what hurt others.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Your choice of Tide laundry detergent, free with $30 purchase! (Riverwest)
Lmao! Use the semi-nicer bathroom up near the wings and auditorium!
Happy Birthday to my inspiration <3
I think my stomach is slowly gonna explode
Saturday with cramps and a brunch crowd
So glad you liked Being Human! And there's 2 more series!
What's with all the hype of TISA? They relabel other brand's garments with a shitty logo and people actually pay a premium for it?
look forward 2 meeting u n Aruba Ronnie.
I just found the most adoreable Chihuahua background! Couldn't resist!
This dude pays 3.5k a month for rent wtf
One actual class today! :D Then just roaming the halls.
How is it up there?!
"opposite, opposite" FTFO is on Nickolodeon right now on the East Coast, thats why
aw That sucks, why do summer class? Are u behind on your studies? I'm okay, busy, no social life at all. :)
KOBE THATS ALL I CAN SAY. LOL!!!!!!!
Yeah I have!! WW2 happens to be my fav time in history!
Since CHE brought us so many readers, we should present CliffsNotes. First #omla is a shared Twitter account tweeted by 150+ members
its my new favorite restaurant in falls church :) I love seafood & they have a lot of different things.
spending this whole week installing my exhibit at East Los Angeles College, Vincent Price Art Museum,
why must my body decide to fully wake up at 6 in the morning?
I got called "sexy" all day today. Damn, I'm loving it! ;)
Great road trip! How's da ankle?
why don't you just hop off my case no one asked for your opinion on what I do or for your input
thanks for link on repurposing eLearning content for online performance support on Desktop PC, interesting to apply idea to mobile
playing bingo blitz on fb.
I MISS U SO MUCH
dear Catdog, what muppet are you?
i would love you....(: haha
Skipping my first class so far this semester... =O
#What2ChainzWouldSay hair weave killer
Don't protest to the police; stay on message. They are there to distract you, don't let them - ignore them like the pests they are
On my way to Northmeck to take my SAT!!!
We appreciate the Poised Creation follow on Twitter!! :)
hey!! Thank you for listening it means a lot! :)
We have got a party sory for party rocking... :) xx
The Blast has 15 minutes to get back on top.
Sup Dee
lmfaooo you pee your pants
: So long as capitalism thrives, war will thrive.
late lunch....have been in the studio all day. Now. Must. go. shopping.ugh.
Good morning. On my way to Chelsea. ;)
im up checking you out rt now ma
Sounds interesting. And not that I doubt, but always good to have sources on things like that...
Website coming soon!!
I heard your DJ skillzz a couple of nights ago.. you were amazing! :)
Hi babe!!!
i know is not gonna see this but i love u!!!!!! marry me!!!!
This cold wind has my hands all dry and chapped! :-/
The reception will be at 6:30 at the Village at Ed Gould plaza room 229
I am confident he's going to shake the building!
busy. Sorry for fallen off twitter that last time we talked ;-)
Concert at Millenium Park in Chicago.
I do, more or less. I'm starting an internship tomorrow.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
thank you! And yes sir!
just realized Seminole leader Wild Cat had morphed into "Wild Car" for the last 5 pages of this paper. whoops.
I think I saw a crop circle from the plane.
This will give you chills. "Somebody That I Used To Know" - (#Gotye cover): via
I bet so I have heard that before
we'll figure it out haha i have the game on my phone but its not really good
Monday Vent - Start every day with a smile - and get it over with :)
and North Carolina Central =)
I'm about to max this sweet po taight toe pie!
true facts dude. between that and his bowl of nuts/yogurt combo we have serious issues
"I like the one about the lion"
Facebook increases the number of shares it will offer the public by 25%, seeks to raise up to $16 billion.
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333 PLEASE?
No kitsch for her: Sister has sinister replica of barber's razor as fridge magnet, gift from involvement with Sweeney Todd.
Happy Patty
then we can do that I'll ass cypher
since when is conventional wisdom best practice?
thanks :) yeah it's whatever
thx for the reminder
RT People in trouble often act out. We can help them without accepting abuse.
Everyone on the West Coast must be laughing their asses off about how we silly East Coasters can't handle a simple 5.8 earthquake.
Its So hot in Fresno ugh imma die!!!!! :-)
stick with auditing, work on the comedy during the copious amounts of free time that you have.
Goal of the Day: Set your printer to default to "draft" mode. You'll save on ink cartridges...helping your wallet and the environment!
Only 1 of the 4 of them hasn't put their foot in their mouth...and the opposing party is very delusional
Morning ! Just referred your runway, style and production services to colleague - she'll be in touch!
This game has turned into a snoozefest.
G'morning back!
"caca goes down the toilet and you never really know where it all goes so there you have it that's where black people come from"
; I wana be layed up w/ my baby right now, my head pressed up against them pornstar titties <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>.
Welcome to Twitter St. Louis Langauge Immersion Schools
Keeping our history alive in genealogy. Learn how or just get some assistance @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
Portland has FREE light rail service within the central zone. And they have bike racks in each car. And every rider gets a free cupcake!
if I tell her I know you, will she spit in my food? :)
Great idea!!! RT : Thinkin bout goin to the #travel agent today to plan this
and teachers can't see why we're so unhappy
well if I don't like it when its done I'll take a trip to home bargains :L <3
I'm putting ur name in the Rainbow Parade. You may not be gay, but you can make some gay men happy.
sorry you missed end of americano futbol season... go padres!!
A2 In services businesses employers are expressing their brand as employees’ many personal brands, like it or not.
Excited for tonight #danceparty #beautybar with
MGK is the hardest rapper out bitch aint no one mad he is on a world record breaking tour slutface
you doing Juggernaut Index this season?
lol yeah , i was crackin up for a while .
Good to hear. Good to hear. Now you get some rest and all is well.
u better do no such thing.
Working on a C++ Program now - thinking about my little boy, who is growing up so fast.
Lemme know if you need musical accompaniment! I'm an excellent whistler... dare I say, flautist?
I might be more excited for 's birthday than she is.
visit www.dateonlinesingle.com
oh ok , thankss
Is there a way to set your Twitter to block all tweets including the word Lebron in them?
Disappointed I'm missing church tonight...I know its good. Guess I'll order the dvd. : )
Enjoyed my first Marlins Park experience. B+ overall. B for the park, but a plus for the fireworks and low stakes gambling.
Celebratn my bday like my normal day routine.
Good morning! I had a great date last night. I hope everyone has a fabulous Thursday! (It is Thursday, right?)
The Language of Flowers is a family-owned business that strives to be as green as possible. They have a gorgeous garden perfect for events.
I'm well. About to take lunch. U?
You still rocked!
Ah the little moment from the wiz is inspiring me. I love it omg awww I miss my childhood.
lol i wouldnt doubt that. they all down here in Florida. Like me :D
your graduation party invitations are adorable!! :)
Hell back to you ^^ & I'm good, thank you. What about you? <U+2665>
COOL! Looks like you are doing what you love, that is great.
Awww I'm going to miss you! Suck we didn't meet earlier though. But its okay.
Omg yall i swear i ALWAYS forget where i park <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Repub's s well as Dem, worship political GOD'S! I DON'T!
if its anything good then they dont know me
that's a weak ass statement
..Main plot is MC dealing with someone's death, moving, etc. Not enough hook.
I'm the guest dj at old town social tonight. Hope everyone still enjoys the melodies of Too $hort!
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality
Finally got sushi! No more #Spartacus or #WalkingDead but got #GameofThrones tonight! & just 3 months until
How often do you want to gig?
My latest obsession:
Be caller 96 and win front row tickets to Jimmy Buffett.
Fuck. Why are you so cute?
I was fine until you walked into my life.
Stomach hurts
-- Do I have a time limit for Friday?
Right On!
That moment when ur in a public place w/tons of empty seats & a guy sits down facing u
Why what's wrong what happened?
I love to dance! :)
Rail<2'e
guess what the doc said?
YOUR MUM!
...Indicted: John and Sophia M. Zayas, of Holloman AFB, for torturing and killing their baby. Cigarette burns. Broken ribs. Skull fractures.
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Marketing Essentials International » How2 Series: How to Use a Light Meter by Matthew Jordan Smith bit.ly/prX1Xc
Not great luck in the past with finding a provider to save $ I would look for someone who 100% green if U are envro conscious
About to play in between.
Everyone should give a follow and a warm welcome to our pals over at Great tech people.
AP has declared Rick Santorum the winner in the Louisiana GOP Primary
I like visiting Snoqualmie Falls. Especially now that the weather is nicer.
a social feed is inherently noisy / awkward / time consuming, = no feeds, real friends, real plans, very simple.
Why does it have to be so hard.
Vestments repairs at church between Good Friday services: so peaceful, so meditative.... Blessed #GoodFriday to everyone!!
Beautiful family. :)
Oh, just and hanging out and doing customer support on Sunday morning at 6 AM. Like ya do.
ill settle for being ya friend but can u try to make an effort? I erased everything to start fresh from scratch cool?
Haha the #NewJerseyTacos suck but the #Austin ones are great!
Once they stop talking to you they start talking about you... #FuckEx's
the guy we're staying with.
Loving Fridays! Enjoy summer, tweets!
He's working for CSNNE for this series.
I wanna rock with you. All night.
“: I pray before i make my moves . #MAG” str8 like dat!!
3 breakfasts to attend: ECRC, Graduate & Professional Developers, International Institute for New Faculty Developers
Good story until he dropped a "David" on Westy :)
WHY DO PEOPLE LISTEN TO NICKELBACK. WHY.
I'm a Minneapolis resident. I elect city council members, state legislators, etc. so I don't have to vote on every single issue.
RT : Rabbi Ted Falcon of 's #InterfaithAmigos opening #CompSea12 with a blessing ... We are Streaming Live:...
you inspire me through your generous spirit! xoxo
Welcome new followers
Freaking project cockblocking my sleep -.-
I don't know, I watched some Austin City Council mtg 2nite on pub. access and it left me feeling like a flummoxed dibbuk.
omfg, people at my school do that too. they're like emo with erasers. -.-
I am picking Lakers all the way! I think this is the toughest series for the Lakers
Thank you! RT Congrats to with ASCAP POP award
Getting ready for the opening session at #sfsnacubo. Should be a terrific conference!
Ping if you need anything else, & enjoy your time on Maui.
Wear green on Friday 3/16 and Saturday 3/17 & receive HALF off any UV tanning single session!! limit one per customer each day
I agree
The minute I tweeted about sp*m I got multiple sp*mmers. ZAP
Thank you!RT : Happy mothers day
first experience of a gas leak issue at the new pad. missed lunch with some good friends. gas is now fixed. belly is still empty. damn lol
Motherhood is the most difficult job on the planet! #HappyMothersDay to all the moms in twitterverse
will u b coming back 2 Chicago soon? It's a lot warmer now :)
Not sure we have KCLS's marketing ability for something like Take Time to Read, but maybe we could at least do Adult Winter Reading.
Throat surgery was a success, now the hard part not talking for a week :(
Do you live near UNC? I bet they have some youth arts programs available.
Woah! 40 K followers! Thank you guys so much!!!!
I have gained some weight but I haven't blown up like a cow yet but I'm loving my Boobs there Huge!!!!
when u comin home ??
HOLY SHIT you're cute!!!!
how u doing fam
I have had Queen's "Somebody To Love" stuck in my head all morning. At least it's not anything by Lee Brice.
I'm excited to see just about anything that would be offered, Was mainly curious to see if anything was set in stone yet :-)
Bout time gasol
Glad to have you NC! You have great ideas for figuring out the criteria of a "best" practice. , thoughts? ?
Nice, sunny days should be legal holidays.
The Seven starts a week from today! Tickets are still available online or by phone at 766-9412
Too bossy
Aw, sadface. :-/ Well, I'll send your team spirit on your behalf.
the Michael episode was absolutely amazing!!! Definitely worth waiting for!!! :)
BURGER FOR YA ASS
Hope you don't mind if I RT & fave this pic too Taryn! I just love that sexy butt of yours so much! <3
haha yeah I'm gonna scare them
Kobe look like shit.
Donald and Peta totally blew everyone else away! Amazing Dance!
omg i hope to make my parents proud when they see me on tv <3
that was an impressive TD throw.
"Mothers are all slightly insane” J.D. Salinger,The Catcher in the Rye -If we can all admit this 2gether, how much less lonely we may feel
Tasting today at Southport Grocery & Cafe from 12-2. Come hang out with Kaicy...she's a blast!
Need stages set up for a Super Bowl party? We can set up anything for events. 305-232-3344
Back in Detroit. Feels good to be back on such a nice day.
craziness...what a change...we will c if it can continue.
What is going on everybody!? Happy #Humpday! I don't know about you but I'm ready for this weekend and some #Bartab drinks already!
you're my bestest friend i could never let you down
cuz some ppl n my fam had a fight w/ eachother over dumb ish.. I aint been getting none . & I lost 100 2day tweakin
Please Follow Funny guy!
At baynanza beach clean up with ! Happy earth month!
Sweet! All the other bands were way better than us. Wish you were there :(
Also, add in with that last one too...
A vacancy rate below 5% in #NYC constitutes a housing emergency, but a vacancy rate higher than 5% has never been recorded in NYC's history.
Today I discovered awesome women thanks to : and
Everyone knows the best way to get the weekend to come faster is to start drinking on Thursday!
enough with the fucking gucci, it rarely even looks good on anyone and its overplayed.
They give up to 8GB of free space so I thought sure! I'd tweet that. ;)
congrats big sister :)
Hey there!
We do, keep 'em comin! RT - Hey thanks. I'm glad you like the articles.
lol singing I can't rap lol
YOU are loved. Believe it.
I'm not even trying to work today... too bad the boss had other plans
Tornadoes in DFW. Friend said, "I haven't spent this much time in the bathroom since the last time my mother made her chicken spaghetti."
Today is earth day and you get a free bag. Awesome going to target :)
March is just around the corner! You know what that means... Live Music on the Patio every Sunday from 2-5... beginning March 4th!
But it's always dramatic like he's about to drop something. He takes a deep breath, pause, "I'm out"
This day...fucking sucks. I just love being ignored. Not.
Its a great day here @ #Paradise Valley Mall! 20% off any jewelry repair when you mention this tweet ;)
accept it!!!!
You know it's just a burnt toast kind of day. Literally and metaphorically.
haha but any hairstyle looks good on me
that puts everything in perspective. here i am complaining about how my dad gets so mad at everything and i hate it and... wow
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
thanks for retweeting!
Good music, good coffee = good morning
Hi Darrin, I used you as an example in a PW training I just gave in Macomb, MI.
We'll have the big screen fired up at Lot No. 3 :-)
": i should be long gone.. #whatsmyproblem"
yes! We will have two new tanks available when the new line drops
There is always something preventing me to go to the gym. Makes my goal that much more difficult to reach.
Thanks for the heads up on ASIST!
I rember when I use to turn on spongebob, and knew any episode playing.
Not being able to keep up is making us lonely. Hell is making us lonely.
checking out Threadsy, as a way to link my FB and Twitter accounts. Thanks
night sunshine miss u...I'll be seeing u soon in Miami
Disgusted seeing a couple make out in public. Don't flaunt your heterosexuality in front of me! That's a life choice you made.
Can I skype you Tomorrow after school?! Pretty please :) <3
GASP why not O: text me instead doe cus the laptop is low battery :P
The RW24 is TODAY! Team Vice Squad is sponsored by CCR for the second year in a row. This year we mean business!
cough, cough, lol
well,we talking now aint we
Im Still trying to figure it out RT why are u up so early cousin?
tell me about it -_-
according to my fortune cookie I could "prosper in the field of medical research" - I think my fortune cookie is on something...
its a long story
Hmm love talking to I new girl and really hitting it off:)
suuuuuuurrrrree "tear in my eye"
Olive oil truffle was amazing. Gave my gianduja pop rocks truffles as gifts. Wonder if Pasadena has magical chocolate maker?
nope not yet
New blog coming soon! Don't miss the best of the best daily deals today!
and everybody else... SORRY meant to send those as directs. Getting back in the swing of this whole twitter thing!
Also tomorrow I have to get back to #NaPoWriMo. 30 poems in 30 days, y'all!
oprah is straight sexy
is a tank no doubt!!
How about a country song cover? (: it will be up on youtube in 15 minutes! You'll have to wait to see what it is... ;)
I am so weird
Please welcome infliximabus to the Max life
Im ok. You?
Right. I heard he's doing something here though. Not sure what it was.
Why can't real life be more like the movies ... #dreamer lol
What's the new gig?
hey love your videos! you have a great voice
Many thanks for your mention
thanks so much!
Just made a pre momz day breakfast for me Ma! Now to go do the shopping for dinner 2morrow...I'm cooking for all the momz :)
"You can't bring back the past. It's gone. All you can do is let go, move on, and make better memories for the future.”
Don't Be Cruel Bobby Brown
thanks, it will, one way or another
incorrect Saturdays till 10
MINDS: We are now discussing how educators can receive feedback.
The girl I want to marry is such a grumpy pants haha
yes it was. I pay for it the next day. :( perfect conditions last night
not really... i didnt even know he was outside. if i dont get a hug from him i should at least get a yearbook signing. lol
Here we go 35L to go!!
All I see are the boxes..let me guess are they babies?
I WENT HERE! RT : Dorchester is the birthplace of the first public elementary school in America, the Mather School -...
I just got a woody. I think you nailed that tweet.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life. ~ Sophia Loren
Heave-Ho Productions is making the plunge into the Twittersphere. Look forward to info on what we're doing and cool stuff around the web.
great seeing you today. Thanks for speaking at CPCA.
What about Bob? Funny movie
My gastrointestinal system is experiencing discomfort
R.I.P. Grandma Pitts. You'll be missed dearly. </3 -Sara
isn't that a positive way to look at it. WE AGREE!
ill do my best
Feel better Dominic so that you and Lauren can get out dancing soon!
(Just in case it wasn't obvious, I'm kidding and glad you feel that way about the ending! I look forward to it.)
lots of reasons & they are hard to explain
Can't believe the fucking Heat,wtf was that bullshit & I know gone have hella shit to talk
Goodnight to da fag bitches out thurrr' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Two words: College Radio.
RT : "We can't afford to NOT automate tests; the manual retest time takes away from adding new features"
lmao I'm sorry! I heard one of their club mix songs and the rest is history.
hopefully Willie did some recruiting
Anybody else in Rochester having trouble with there Time Warner Cable this morning?
Speaker Silver on NYS budget says "we need to close it tonight." says likely vote on Wed. or Thurs.
Take him to the carnival ;)
Grapefruit and strawberries. Good way to start a morning. :)
The most Dynamic city in the world!
Has said a word on this?
No NFL on TV today :( ........Thats cool Irish Pub has .35 cent wings & cheap beer 2nd best to unwind after hard days work. Cheers
Fix that body Fix that face
I kind of miss those days (on the third floor, sames).
I'm a terrible Giants fan. I'm currently wearing my Victoria's Secret Giants belly shirt, but more excited to see Matt Kemp play.
#churchplanters You will have to People even if you have been betrayed before. Don't be in the defensive always be offensive.
Don't say yes, run away now.
Boys I love you and all but I will never under-fuckin-stand you!
Yo do u record songs by other writers as well?
Cool story, bro..
Follow me,i follow back :)
hey what up man I'm trying to get in tuch with thierry muglar do u know if he has fb or t
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon! xo <33
For a story, is anyone locally having regular #Girls watch parties, they way people used to gather and watch #SATC?
Loving the summer weather in March. but I hope we don't pay for it with a blizzard in April or a major heat wave in July.
There and in Upland. No one wins.
Yea...that's the worst! Agreed! RT : oh i HATE hearing/watching myself. i feel so stupid/awkward
Spaghetti cat came on <3 oh jack
#GirlsShould realize when enough is enough.
wazzup want chriatian to go to your county/state/city? go on facebook click on #where's Christian and post were you are its simple!
Finally watching blue bloods!
Maybe sometimes it takes a lifestyle change to make things work. And then a change back to make them work better...
who's we'll?
LoL I wish Adam was my Spanish teacher! xD
Always questioning every single thing.
That's fair.
I love BHOP, he's 47 ,still champ and the lineal champ. Dawson is tough, but i'm rooting for BHOP
I used that as a way to get the toys I wanted or should I say the baby wanted! ;) you need jazz to add to that set.
Happy Law Day.
Last class as a freshmen. Home in a week
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. ~Winston Churchill
omg i love you like so much i think yuhr hot and i would love if you followed mee
Which seniors (high school or college) are #TeamGraduation ?
This week and next week: 80 degree weather = shorts, tank tops, and flip flops
well yeah... But missing alot of things in life...
#SaintsPunishmentUnfair just wait until the lawsuit when coaches and players from other teams must testify under oath about their bounties
That's what I'm saying. I honestly cannot believe people haven't pushed her to resign and never run for anything again.
Let's go BOSTON!
I will
No I haven't, let me know the details! Would love to work together again!
Just bought some Transformers and Batman gages from Spencer's !! <3<3<3 them !! :D
comin in hot!
Modern Family rules the first half-hour of the Emmys. Much deserved.
Get your half price drinks at crisp and watch the game on the 150 inch screen
Haha, well, I'll try not to give anything away. But it's batshit insane and I love it.
Nice. Great card.
Sad that the chocolate factory in grand ave is closed :( sniff sniff
then eat crazi
diggin the new track
Lee’s cream cheese brownies are one of life’s tiny dark pleasures. Go ahead and treat yourself this one time. We swear we won’t tell a soul.
On facebook and watchin pretty little liars *StoryofUs:)
Thnx! RT Happy #FF museum and art folks. Thanks for following!
what time are you leaving?
the giants won
Yayayayyayayayyay #FeelBetterMikey We LOVE YOUH so Much Mikey so Glad that the Trend is Making youh feel better <3
Thanks for the plug Shannon! We love you at Arts Street.
You're my favorite thing.
Hope everyone is keeping it safe for St. Patrick's Day
thx for the response. Will keep an eye out for any notices posted. Yay
he is so beautiful & Germany loves this Boy. His Name is :) follow me please? xo
4 hours at the lake ain't bad :) jet skis, lots of food and a banana ride
HEY! How's your BIRTHDAY so far? Nowhere better to spend it than at the PARK MILLENIUM
We are releasing the 1st of 5 EP's this April. Can't wait!
Probably true. The US is still in great shape politically (comparatively) but wish ppl wouldn't run on platform of fighting.
How'd you like the master? I think It bumps the whole mix up 100%. Great work on your side. See you 2night
Amare...most player bust glass with a slam dunk.
www.rosegardenboutique.com wishes everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
Or Verdasco could just concede and really get it over with
GROSS! the worst airline food ever has to be Aero Flot Russian Airlines!
Thanks for the follow. I'm quite interested in #placebranding. What type of work do you do here in DC?
Thanks for giving me a fond memory of my grandma :)
Welcome to the world, my son, Charles Jordan...Born 12/27/2011 at 9:46 pm...
Was gonna read an article before I retweeted it, but then was like YOLOOOOOOOO
Should I? No. I'm going back to bed.
It's About to be midnight and I'm hungry As hell!
I think I iz so therefore I iz
I want to learn how to fight with a giant hammer
You need to lose 3 pounds. ": Tired and sore from intramural soccer #outofshape"
The last presidential candidate Hillary Rosen closely advised was Hillary Rodham Clinton.
1 more chance to hold you close
Who would pay $10,200 for someone's deadlocks? What the hell would you do with it? We have some rich weird people in this world
thank you you are too ^^ its evening over here now bhut ithink yur sleeping so txt me when yu wake up^_^
You are most welcome!
Great time at Tequila Night, cigars topped it off nicely.
It's haircut day, let's hope for the best
1200 followers = will follow one of u
I love big bang theory o:
yu at da crib now if I get som gas I'll come thru I gotta make some money
hey you! Miss you too :)
happy valentines day! exercising 30 minutes at least 3 times a week will strengthen your heart muscle and increase your metabolism
I really do need a drink after setting up my mom's new tv and trying to explain how to use it 20xs over.
I say absolutely!!!
team sean matthew fredella! cmon kid beat that damn cancer for the 4th TIME! ur only 11 u got a whole life to live RT if u support him
welcome FALL ...
Tickets for the FW Invitational Brewfest go on sale in just a couple of hours. Southern Tier and Boulevard will be there now as well!
Aced it!
I have something called 'onlingo' sitting here, unopened....
When a young lady is walkin, mindin her own business, why you guys have to break ya'll neck to see her and try to talk to her?
On a Another Note Im Hungry
ack.... you made me look!
Sorry we missed you tweet, but no, sorry we cannot deliver alcohol at this time
Punbelievable. RT It's like a tweet wave.
Thank you for coming!! RT Thanks for another great
THE SOCIAL DUDES CAN HELP! “: Can my followers help me get to 2000 followers today lol” Follow y'all! RT
Night every1:D
"i don't shake hands with substitutes" ha
Yes I am !!!! Ive been eating wendys for 2 streight days D:
Last night's win for Dems:Shift in #voter attitudes may be helpful for Tomblin's win this fall. GOP agenda in trouble w/IND.
Tori Amos just said, "Sup?" on this live album.
For the life of me, I don't understand button down collars. Are you worried about the collar getting away from you?
you look familiar but I'm not sure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> lol I miss you too girl.
Who's coming out on the Pedal Mill for Halloween weekend?
any personal oscar faves for this year, brooke?
thanks for a GREAT chat tonight! thanks ! and
Thanks for the update. RT : you were famous at BAA audition today! Thanks for all your help! Went really well :)
Dude, I know, those people were *awesome!*
Yes I got a burning question..please tell me you're single?
Good thing we don't have that Ramos guy.
Just bought some thanks to you and a RT from Looking forward to it.
Sometimes life has a way of putting us on our backs to force us to look up. - Charles L. Allen
just don't forget to give me an slice of apple cake :)
rt RAWartistsWDC: If you love our RAW: Host - Lauren White - SHOW HER SOME LOVE &amp; "LIKE" HER PAGE! She's so RAWesom
pm @ mpm is pretty great. love the at night especially with
Did u forget Taylor and I are in another band called Concours D'elegance? is playing Cal Anderson park this Saturday! Come!
I feel like i just got dumped
did so walking and running
CRASH in Mulino: 16000 Block of South Union Mills Road
definitely interested in helping in some small capacity
It's about to GO DOWN
No looking forward to getting up in the dark tomorrow morning.
whereabouts in SC are you from?
Hahahaha my cousins land lord found my shit after how many days we left that must of stunk I kinda feel bad now
I cant believe that my birthday is right around the corner! Im getting old!
Thank you!
-sup bruh my name cory. -how the fuck you get in my house cory ?? -i walked in.. duhh -who the fuck... who he talkin to, lemme get my gun!
RT : Are you a #milspouse or #milfam planning a Walt Disney World vacation? Ask me your planning questions!...
WWE wrestling at the Carey house people.
Congratulations! Good to see an Atlanta neighbor doing big things.
Game 7! Lets go Denver!! The lakers got Nothing On US :)
I feel like I've blocked that out so it wouldnt ruin the movie for me
That's Sick Bro. DM Me So I Can Send U Some
I would if u actually knew that was a joke but u didn't until I told u so sit on it
RT : I'm tired of hearing the Post Office operates @ a loss. Know what else operates @ a loss? The Pentagon Social Security Fire Depts
Q: Do you have an suggestions of types of movies that do well?
Sunday 5/6 9-3pm: Come cheer on walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ t-shirts! Stop by or stay all day!
we'll be back soon! & i like your name haha
Glad you and had a great time! We don’t have another one scheduled yet, but we’ll share details when we do.
The Reality lies beyond the limitations of the human experiences. It eludes any direct description.
All that is really required is just a mustard seed of FAITH!
hey buddy :) good morning
instead of tweeting about me you could talk to me about it to find out my side of the story
advertising steak selling bologna
I like the games like the Smurf one.
Where is my cousin?
I got some cute ass followers! & I say that too when I get new followers :p
tru well khill after u do wat I said
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 8
When a relationship loses trust its no longer a friendship/relationship it is considered acquaintances...
to not lose rather than to win
Spontaneous Healing of Colon Cancer – What Do You Think?
Bort is ugly
I wasn't ready to go either so I agree with you
Might go out to eat with my mommy today just her,me and the kids awhhh
Very fun!
Drake Younger and Eddie Kingston jump out of the car with baseball bats and beatdown the Sons of Anarchy.
I hope she just recieved her Doctorite off that ishhh... hahah!!! that was a damn Thesis!
You're the station on my heart radio.
ahaaha, sorry about that, & thank you
meh, could be worse :D
What an awesome idea.
OBVI. the friday dance at the bumper car pavillion sounds pretty effing dreamy, and the saturday night stuff sounds fun too...
We're finally out of school!
Luv to hear! RT : Stopping by on my way home is becoming part of my routine. Hooked on The Big Daddy burger!
my b
I have few projects going on that I need backup singers for, inbox me if you would like to audition. Thanks, Baoku
tell us things
oh boy, more reasons to drink coffee are a dangerous, dangerous thing.
I feel like such as stalker lmfao
RT : What's your area of research? >> at a crossroads: psych, wmst studies, education. grad w/ BA in Dec, then not sure..
"Hating on is like kicking a puppy." via
Tornado averted. Still alive.
It's #free, it's cool, it's $50,000 in shiny quarters arranged into works of #art! Come see: 3020 Children's Way 8-noon today.
Nothing says "I've given up" quite like sweatpants and a stained XL t-shirt. It's the male muumuu.
All in all, many people, in fact, many so-called intellectuals; & many Occupiers do not understand how our govt works
Im getting ready right now.. gonna hit the Clarendon for the Rooftop SUNSET.. come out let us play your favorite song for you! 401 w. Cl ...
At 1:00PM 'Death By Medicine' will be showing at #RedJacksSaloon! Come one, come all!
It's my guess that we (fellow Twitter people) share similar tastes in rock music like Bon Jovi, Springsteen & Aerosmith. Rock on ;)
Let's play The Boys Are Back In Town on a stereo and crash prom.
The #Warriors have scored 62 of their 91 points in the paint!
TOO LATE, Taco shack is right next door. but MAN do you have good tastes
I got out when I realized that when you googled me you could see where I'd been
Ya, Monday is good. Lemme know when you're done with Podacast.
says the Oberlin party on Girls is too well lit.
yes, yes thank you.
Stayed home tonight. Fuck it
I just looked at your new twitter picture... What the hell...
IKSADFHDSJKHGKLJSDHGKLJG THEY WONT FOLLOW ME OMG OMGOMGOMGOGM. I KNOWWW
My Girlfriend Got Hair On Her Nipples...Smh
you're never too young or too old to dream... BELIEVE
says the cylon.
I'm rich because of the people in my life that I love....the richness of their love makes me happy. Which is something money can never buy.
Step up your game Chelsea!
you're so "ooh", but also so "gay"
I hope one day you realise all that I do for you
#icantwait for summer
Gurlll I went yesterday!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being a freshman. Gag.
#mjimmortal tonight show opens in Vegas
i run on dunkin.
new to twitter!!! looking for people who tweet about the fashion industry. wati until you see what we have in store for you!
What are the questions left for the Spurs other than will they win the Championship
Can someone help me get to tell me who's going to ask me to the homecoming cus I'm freaking dying over here! I want to know!
yep, can't wait to play them again!
Enjoying a cup of enhanced coffee while writing ads on Backpage and loving it
I'm learning how to tut!
. you can't copyright a fact, which is why the US takes a friendly legal stance on text mining, UK following
Rec 1: State ed agencies should collect data from districts on instructional materials in use. Currently, only does this.
just uploaded camera+. despite recent bad reviews (developer made rude comments to users), the app. has some really great features
Head shop boys
Absolutely Loved #MIOBI Awesome ending! love you all!!
How is everything going?!
Bought some beautiful vaseline glass trading beads today! New jewelry pieces to come!
: Sorry it gives you a headache, I get one when I don't have that first morning cup to start my day!
Run with the boys.
thanks papa!
The rock chalk game is under way!
Waiting for the rain to stop so we can start the game
Impromptu after-dinner trip to the park. But ice cream first, of course.
you have been hacked by lol love you Kayla<3 Everybody go follow <<<<<<<<<follow now
Tron= Eye candy + a whole lot of sub plot substance (-) minus a dash of pit falls. Over all it tasted pretty nice and worth seeing.
Morning Rockstars! > In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia. - Author Unknown
This celebration will help show students history from the perspective of the soldiers. A unique learning opportunity!
At the risk of sounding inappropriate, only if my bed is involved. ;)
Mahomies Love Mama is trending <U+2665> we love you <33
One thing you can depend on in life is it's full of surprises...have you had a good surprise lately?
Random fact of the day: I can never stay mad at someone for more than a day. I'm just not the type to hold a grudge
4 years after Von Maur shootings, reflections on foster care system - Lincoln Journal Star
Flight booked. Hotel suite booked. Excitedd for my first trip of the summer!
Hayden is a sweet loser love mary kate :)) Mary Kate is the best :) love hayden
Very early thoughts and reserve right to change but seems having the back end picks this year in fantasy drafts may suck! :(
Use SportingMembership.com rather than JoinSporting.com due to a DNS provider issue. We're working with our hosting company to resolve ASAP.
Moby Duck, My Korean Deli were good. Good Thief's Guide Amsterdam not bad. Wolf Hall fabulous. Readers add whole new dimension.
"We'd love it if you came to stay with us during summer break." (or summer vacation)?
When first favorited my tweet, I flipped out I texted every one on my contact list and that took like two to three hours
today is beautiful: bright sun, blue sky, chirping birds
not for all YET but working with most local bars and restaurants.
above 500ft. “: Are there reports of snow anywhere else in PDX? Big flakes flying in East Multco.”
There would be a line again. Smh.
Hey, this was fun! I'll be back #libchat crowd. Thanks for the awesome dialog!
The problem with working from home is the absence of sexual harassment.
Another great morning at Fitness by Design! Nothing beats helping people work toward their goals!
Hope you are well lady. Keep me posted on all the goings on. :D I will text you when I find my phone
hey Desmond! We need some help with a pop up kids art studio May 18-19, what do you think? :)
Paul gets & nobody else does = Sadly, America's morals changed. That's the only real problem. America won't serve God.
True true
I have been in Kobe's condition. But at home, close to the bathroom, rocking the chicken soup and STTNG reruns
Have you heard rock the tables yet?! You can tonight!! He will be blessing us with newbies and oldies.
Will be headed to NOLA tomorrow
Def trying your Speedy Almond Berry Cake Fix (butter and flour free)...
I'm having one here at Sherri's! I forgot to tell you. Spread the word!
and gotta move move move, and maybe i can fly
the best kind! I'll get back to you
We're sad to hear about Adam Yauch of the #BeastieBoys passing away. We loved his energy and musical talent.
by the way, that is a lovely photo :)
so no shirts friday then got the memo better do my situps now
sorry didnt take any, will next time..
hm, i think i will.. i really noticed it on my 2nd hunt, went past a room and got an overwhelming bad feeling
As remote / flexible workers, we rely heavily on Lync to communicate between our immediate team and larger company
A light started flickering in my house so I thought it was Jesus trying to tell me something.He was! He was telling me to change the bulb.
I think I got cheated on even though we aren't technically together??? Why me!!! :(
Rereading "The Shack". Very deep and interesting book on one man's struggle with his faith after the death of his child.
Hoping I can get jobim's Wave out of my head before my theory exam.
yuck! It reveals more about them than it does the women they tore apart.
Yes, that is my favorite since the mid 90s.
and I! Pumped and studied are way to victory!
bRiCk HoUsE
The Raiders and Vikes came up short on Sunday..
Sorry I can't be at #pii2012, despite being in town. Should be a great conference.
Israeli people do not hate Palestinians. Israelis will be the first to help them rebuild once the terrorism completely stops.
Met somebody from Best Advantage CU in the FV and #bbhill came up :)
Players will report on July 28. First day of practice is set for July 29.
See big rock? Big rock see Wolk? Little white bump over green wall = That rock has own Twitter acct! Big ego rock!!
Looking forward to seeing your Rembrandt exhibit.
Snooki's pregnant? SO WHAT?! She's been pregnant hundreds of times. This is just the first one she's gonna keep.
SPEAKING OF EARS PIERCED. fucking stabbed my cartilage today. SO MUCH PAIN AND NO MERCY.
Uhh sadly I am not up to speed with what DM means and am barely hanging on to Twitter. my email is :)
Listening to the #ljadultbuzz to hear my buddies and Perseus bring it.
I really don't understand why no one ever wants to hangout with me. like am I really that bad to be around?!
FLUSH...then wash ya hands..
congrats to all the winners I will DM you shortly!
RT : whenever i listen to J. Cole, i feel like im learning a lesson
Nice :) I live in LA This town is amazing I love California :)
Hate how #Seattle doesn't show #Blazer games... Wtf.
is there such a thing?
A #ff of do-gooding organizations and resources for musicians.
We have to expect different things from government and ourselves. Citizens don't complain. They fix things
God’s power is activated in me when I believe. Today, I choose to believe that in every negative situation, God will turn it into my favor.
You are the only reason i choose to love at all .
you gonna try to get in the responsive game?
#JenniferHudson tribute...? #no, #unmoved, #raggedy-hair/make-up, #flat, #fake. And #swole again
Rise Against & A Day To Remember concert @ the UCF Arena!! :D <3
My condolences to the families of the 15 people killed on the flight to Jomsom Airport in Nepal, one of world's most dangerous airfields.
Experiencing a major RCN NESN FAIL!
In The West I Trust
Constructive criticism isn't my issue, I don't mind that
it looks good! you look fresh. :) better than the pic of you holding a gun. acting "gangster" is so 2002.
Alec thats a standard work day anywhere lol.
That is rad!
The one with the doors! You can guess the high rise for bonus points though :)
#erl12 #libleadership . i owe it to my profession and institution to own "leader", even if it makes my stomach hurt
worse than not understanding oneself, however, is failing to be oneself. That's the worst, though insanely frequent.
My ring finger hurts on my right hand, I type with it a lot.
oh I LOLd at this big time!!!
that's quite an interesting pin you have there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Seriously #Santorum every other candidate had a real life person here to talk...you have a video.
Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his Phily Cheze Stakes.
Thank You for the support. RT : thanks for a great season, we will get them next year
Thanks adrinah! It'll be for sale on hallmark.com in August. Hopefully in stores after that...we'll have to wait and see. :)
I didn't take it personal. Was just explaining that our hands were somewhat tied by a shot clock of sorts.
I am like the Victorian urchin tugging in crafty woe at the silken skirts of !
In Music Meeting- Devo “Fresh” sounds just like Devo and THAT’S GOOD
2- Communist newspaper recommends a workers' revolution as the solution to pretty much everything.
I'm still proud.
Baking fresh Whoopie Pies made with wholesome ingredients including cage free eggs, butter, cane sugar, unbleached flour baked from scratch.
I saw your blog post via the Digital Humanities LinkedIn Group & only found your twitter handle post-tweet. Nice to meet you.
You better win then! And bring me some too. ;)
So what to do tonight??
Can't write code to print something w/a Makerbot? Thingiverse=catalog o'things! Looking for cataloging help from librarians!
tell him me and him are over
lol at this couple that both have a facebook album called "Life in Love."
Convince yourself that youhave no limits
As an aside, I really wish more students, admins, and TT faculty were here. It would be great to hear their perspectives.
"How can anyone govern a nation that has 246 different kinds of cheese?"-Charles DeGaulle. Have the cheesiest (or some macaroni) day ever!:)
Terri's Tuesday Tweets - Reg. now for Transform 2012, 4 tracks, 30 speakers, great information - 25% discount with TTT25
The reunion on #therealhouswivesofalanta is something serious lol
Allow me to summarize the progress we will make on development issues unless good health is affirmed as a basic human right: NONE.
When your lens focuses just past the horizon, your journey is nearly at an end
He is with my nanny now. I love u guys so much and am praying for you. I know they are looking down proud!
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
I Know you do...i don't hate her...i just don't like her as much as i like other artists, but i like her music :]
Really enjoying the color theory / hot neutral anchor talk from
Youth competition deadline Friday! Bring application to HQ at 119 Washington and check out the art!
Happy Monday to you too!
"she's cuter when you're not paying attention to her"
God damn Barajas. The second I turn the game on they hit another homer
About to get vans yay (:
that's my motto!
Haha that's crazy. It is dangerous, but let's not be cowards, right?
no one has been on this account lately. SO HI. this is hannah btw. my butt hurts really bad from running.
But their weapon cuold be used against them if we draw clear lines between us and them, especially with #occupy momentum.
FDA proposes phasing out antibiotics in farm animals
overdose. No pity for an addict who didn't want help
It's not good to have to measure the work you bring home by mass.
The 405 freeway is a piece of shit.
I want more pictures of cameron =)
I'm bored . AMUSE ME!
Watching Underworld while these guys go through my yearbook -.-
beautiful meeting so.far outdoors at AZ Center. Temp at.7:30.am is 90°
Love that! RT BAM! RT True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love never ends....
Devil man!
call me ASAP please thanks
Yay! It's my B-Day ;D
'look good, travel well, party hard.'
your welcome, thanks too ;)
I own way too many scarves for my own good.
HAVE FUN. we will talk after :)
@ family fun center with all family, immediate and friends. Too much fun!
BRING YOUR BUT DOWNSTAIRS
I'm falling asleep, and I have a lot of pain, I'll call you tomorrow around 2pm.
I fill my #Vegas itch about 270 times a year. Locals have it so good!
GO AWAY RAWWRRR
Thats objective; opp of an apologist RT Dont want to sound like a Kobe apologist but he wasnt very good last night w/o question
My pleasure! Talk to you soon!
The man at 50 who views the world the same as he did at 20 has wasted thirty years. ~Muhammad Ali
working on it right now
wanna text about it? might have to close my laptop for class.. :/
Inspiring bfast w/ CEO Ben Pingree. A friend of & fellow Alum. & the boss of my bud
cuddling & watching Disney movies sounds really good right now. <U+2665>
Day off today! Haircut taken care of (thanks ). A few more errands and then time with the kids!
Hey Ladies and Gents, we do eyebrows too!!
u still r hahahaaaa RT “: When I cut all this hair off. Imma be a ugly nigga”
our wedding philosophy is to keep it simple & elegant & you'll always be in style!
Yeah, I wish I was prepared to make the email lead to something much more interesting. #vague :)
Forgot to change my Google settings before Mar 1! Now the world will know about my addiction to...
Good evening
If you've never heard the Detroit Mix of the What's Going On album, you've never really heard that album. Ah.......
It's Renegades night!!! WPB best country nightclub. We'll b there dancing, performing & partying w everyone. C ya tonight!!!
Pain is weakness leaving the body. Can't say it enough.
Aint kno all i had to do was tweet to get some followers
im so into pinching people's cheeks XD
Join us this morning for Group Reformer and PULSE at 8:30! Great way to start your day!
Please welcome pAmsLoVe to the Max life
RT : "It's impossible for you to let God down, because you were never holding him up."
Lobbyists in that photo represent ethanol producers, environmentalists, oil companies, automakers, advanced biofuels, corn growers. Party.
Is Wine Expertise Genetic? (Wine Spectator) A controversial new study finds that wine professionals taste wine differently than consumers
the pleasure is all mine...
People need to get over themselves.
Time for 's word of the day! Inviscerate.
6K tweet goes to c:
Great Ratings for the TBS game, but who is the math wiz who decided playoffs games need to start midday? Bet SFvPhi rating were low
Starbucks frappuccino happy hour. 50% off fraps. I just got an extra coffee caramel frap for $1.88.
We found dove in a soapless place.
Wow, congrats A. I pray that I'll be a part of an amazing project there too...perhaps my own. Sundance 2010 was so fun!
#halfbloodprince. hopefully i dont fall asleep this time!
Awesome, keep me poostedon what you're working on and we can see if I can help you with anything.
#dailyfeedback: Songs that compare human features/parts of a body to landscapes/elements in nature: Harry Nilsson
"Molly lets get pregnant together!!"-
Great day at thanks
A mind lively and at ease, can do with seeing nothing, and can see nothing that does not answer.
You keep my name in your mouth but it keep your bitch on my dick
Hmm, is it proof read or proofread?
and all i do is wait..for a text that will never come..containing 3 words that will never be said..
Bijoya Greeting to you all from Enlime Team
I'm on my #GAMS... Grown Ass Man Shit
You're super hot, fire hot somethin' like the sun in the sky.
Writing old-fashioned print headlines. It's comforting, like a plate of mashed potatoes.
I enjoyed...lolz I was gonna ask yhu what but I was bein slow nd didnt see yhu put it up all ready lolz :)
"The Cerebral Approach to Fitness"...This is MindFirstFitness
Proud of my little bro, Brian Dickens, in his role as Fantasia's manager....he is always a winner!
omg got surprised at work by my bffl
So everytime I do this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> everyone thinks I'm coping & but I'm not it is also an Okay sigh! So chill<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
welcome to AZ!!
Just got my Incubus tickets!!
S/O TO ALL THE PRODUCERS WHO KEEP SENDING ME BEATS FOR MY MIXTAPE THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE...
I know if just saw you at school , but I miss you already . <'3
well I've been in the same boat as you, so just go for it(:
Ever since Android got instgram all these damn followers now,some stuff jus need to stay iPhone only ..
it's just a shout away
What's slimy, cold, long, and smells like pork??? ...Kermit the frogs finger ! [Its #dirtyjokethursday] What u got?
we have the same color bed
Thanks for sharing your story at the event this morning!
I wish it were more then just one project, though I must say, creating a 90-second stop motion video is hard work!
I know, it was SO LOUD. Thankfully I had Judy to hang out with. No idea what happened.
#theLabNYC Thx for the time today. will try to catch you next T/W? Plenty of SeeS.aw feedback.
": Any thoughts on the Jacoby Jones signing?" Love it. There is ur Return guy
i love both versions!!!
Thanks for the follow ! :)
Nick, please follow me? It would mean so much. <333 I'm not kidding, I would cry. :')
if you're coming to the next SY (2/14 RRB 7pm), pls pick up some toiletries, esp tampons or sanitary napkins; collecting them for The Haven.
Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Tevin Baskin on his commitment to Appalachian St.
": i kno denial in public has to be a bad thing but shit its just twitter." (she thinks Twitter is the public) #getalife lmmfao
well really they are two mistresses fighting for the hand of Uncle Sam
Sure we all voted for mason ryan instead of sin cara to fight evan bourne. Really? Even non smart fans would have wanted that.
having poignant thoughts in my medicated dreams today, maybe.
everyday:) 2 hours minimum a day.
im cool like that
I just called my guy on the phone because it's too much to go downstairs and chat with him.
lol I'm at work sorry :P
New Viewer's Choice Results are shown in the 'Viewers Choice Results" tab of our Facebook page...enlarge it and enjoy!
Bailed out Government Motors now to build Cadillacs in... China. Yup.
This summer I am thinking skirts and a panama hat.
The Lions do need a cornerback something fierce. I'll go with the best cornerback available.
Dear Roy, tomorrow's practice = Defense and foul shooting! Bad performance in Vegas
Hey did U see what Miki said !
Nothing in the story suggests that was Gingrich's motivation.
Three Stooges Sweatshirt Larry Viva La Stooges Royal Sweat Shirt
Was happy to see my detainee client in Irvine. In 2 weeks we get to convince the judge that he deserves to go home.
you're on fire!
the current system, dominated by private insurers, is not sustainable in the long haul.
#Nw The Wood
you hit me up earlier today, right?
I think in store so its like in their face yk? Lol and yeah dude she was the bad worker
Waiting at a bar for 45 minutes to get an order is just disrespectful. Thank God it's a Strip Club.
Yeah yeah yeah
conference proposal submission deadline extended. Now if we could only finish these papers by then too
I just saw it! Thank you so much! I'm looking into it. Keep me updated. Good luck during orientation week!
Pretty Rickys songs still does something to me, makes me feel like I'm being made the best love to just from listening to the song*
scorpio rising = me... ;)
I do think KS is doing something fresh, though. The relationship piece and cutting out middle-man change funding.
#kids Kids Rhythm Club at Music 4 Life, Inc., Sat, May 12 11:00a: Calling all kids to drum together for fun, making new friends! Drums...
Schedule making for
I'm LOVING @ #luckyFABB! I'm definitely going to make sure to listen to that little voice inside me
Who has played the latest Gears Of War Three game yet, and what do you think?
I don't think I can make myself any more obvious that I still care.
The unpacking still continues. I think it will be months before we're settled in here in Ohio!
At fridays hungry than a mother
about midway through ... I was at the bar.
it's sad that great shows like these don't appeal to the general public in this day and age, but maybe some day...
keep it G tho .... You love me like a fat kid love cake
Shorty rode me smooth as my mercedes ride.
Haha Douhat must have goten an ulcer from typing that last paragraph. It was a 2 step game; The bishops got schooled.
He kissed me #ImNotFallingForThat follow
of course
Did the lovefest break up? No wonder he's been so moody. Either that or he's been on his period.
Packed and ready to roll!
RT : i'm following you because of !!! 5 days a week!
I am so enjoying our shared wedding pinterest planning! If I see cool branch pics I'll def pin them for you. :)
You know me...I tout Thrive every chance I get
hm. no one told me that... but oh well. I can reschedule if needed. Or just the girls. Whatever :)
My parents. Bought. A shakeweight.
Anyone going to any good concerts this weekend to wrap up the summer?
If you added negative equity from a prior car, you’ll never reach an equity position unless you covered your negative with down payment
Studio flow
Fremont - I'll take it! I want him to be British but not distractingly so. Alex Fremont. That works.
Could the earliest signs of life may actually be from the future?
Our Spring Dinner Dance begins in less than one hour! Stay tuned for live tweets covering the dinner and auction.
A poll shows 50% of Chicagoans now believe that the city is on the right track, a five-year high and way up from just over a year ago
AT&T just launched to encourage conversation around education in America. Join the discussion with
I've seen it. Called. While on the phone with 9/11 it stopped to pick up a passenger. Weird.
Traffic sucks right now, ugh.
Need to make my next to-do list....
good advice, had almost made that decision myself. U pushed me over.
UNFOLOWING EVERYONE RIGHT NOW UNLESS U FOLLOW NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!? GOODNIGHT! I LOVE YOU!!!<3
what's the deal?
": Do not lose hold of your dreams. For if you do, you may still exist but you have ceased to live - Henry David Thoreau"
Detroit at the moment.
#plone trac currently has ~300 less active tickets than a month ago. Let's keep going!
They may just stop covering Finley
Flavor of the week- Tiramisu! Need I say more?
Can't believe the school year is basically over and I threw it all away by not giving a fuck what my grades were..
UW associate AD Justin Doherty, who needed to receive the letter by the end of the day on Fri, was out of town and had no idea doc was there
I cried when was shot on CSI</3 never scare me like that again:(
Thinkin bout cookin 3 different kinds of chicken, hot wing, roasted chicken & some lemon lime chicken w/string beans & rice pilaf w/season
your the one that was supposed to remind me!!!
I also may have Q-fangirled all over her, but she was very sweet about it. O well, it happens.
y'all are too kind :)
Time to round up your karaoke backup singers
Soy un perdedor ": I'm a loser baby. So why don't you kill me? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>"
It's February! Feels like March. Very skeptical of this weather. But enjoying every sec. Excited for some time with the hubs tonight!
Shopper or Grocery IQ? Discuss.
RT: Infographic: 'Systematic' and 11 other 'most misunderstood' English words t.co/f2qnb10a
flash light or light so u have a flash light if u need one.
sounds great!!! Yankee girls are ready to party!! Woop woop!
Your idea for creating a Design Bucket List is fantastic ! I'mma write one, too!
Enjoyed NAGAP and SACAC this week, but DC to BNA to Austin has made me so tired. Ready to go home, and somehow run the on Sat!
I might actually watch this NASCAR race. Go all 42 drivers not named Earnhardt.
I liked Jeremy Renner more when he was gay.
Today's Special: Steak Fajitas! Come on over for lunch!
I know nothing about ours, wife bought it a few years ago, I never read instructions, I just dump stuff in it and go
“Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!”
Girls, don't wear so much eye liner to where you look like a raccoon.
you don't understand the excitement all #13millionbeliebers are going through. We're such a big and happy family.<3
How Will I Know
Why why ?
Merry Xmas to you, Kia. Hope you get everything you wanted ;)
grappling with the role of #broadband to empower isolated and non-English dominant communities
I know you're just talking, but I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. Few people can survive unearned riches at those levels.
JAMES HARDEN
Happy February? I think this calls for some #freebies!! Check out www.wearelux.com
got my eye on this 2012 beamer, put all the trust that i go into this fucking shell keeper,
Bitches in the crowd creaming themselves when Corey Hart makes contact
P-butter fudge, pinwheel cookies & Buckeye's are made. Cranberry scones, biscotti & more later. LOVE making Christmas goodies.
Bieber may be hating it, but Selena Gomez is LOVING it. :]
should follow me back, ive bin voting all day . .
Shots shots shots ;)
I know. And it that game vs the Reds was just sick. Seriously like a Steelers playoff game at PNC.
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action. - Catherine Pulsifer
Also dude you gotta do your -moz- testing!
Thanks to all my new followers!
:) I LIGHT UP Britney Doss's life!! I feel smug :) Love u Lady!
Eat healthy, think healthy, be healthy!!
"You know we have to talk about my drawings." - (cc )
If u want it. U woulda got it
Im versatile I can flow to anything brah
Do you/did you work for 38 Studios? Talk to us. 100 percent confidential and anonymous --
Wowww...how old are you!?!?
WUZ UP EPPS HALLA AT YO BOY !!!!U KNOW I GOT THE PARTY BUS !!!
state tonight! can't wait to dominate!
It's memory lane Monday #DBUalum! Tell us about your favorite Winter Break during your college years!
Just tapped, Brewing Tricerahops Double IPA (replaces Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA)
Ugh, I hate being sick. :/
dude im playing u guys too better be ready
The Website Redesign Kitcontains a how-to video and instructional e-Book:
#FF Make sure to follow the official feed for our sweet new loyalty apps: !
Off to a good start on the baseball season with a 4-1 win today.
is killin shit in the booth right now
Big game vs the orioles right now. Dont see them again until the end of July
More ignorant females on my timeline smh
idea! Thanks for the heads up. Might have to git'er done! LOL
ugh I'm more than jealous. Hope you're at Taco Toss right now drinking an Orange Crush on my behalf.
SHOUT OUT TO DAVID BANNER, THANKS FOR THE POSITIVE MESSAGES. MUCH RESPECT BROTHER.
Kathryn Whorris (Cold Case....this might be my fav)
by using the algorithm.
No...5 days of green smoothies for brekkie. "Recipes" included handfuls of fruit (varied) plus 2 handfuls spinach! Yum
for a second I thought that was a bathrobe. then I remembered the sweater.
I get to Atlanta Thursday.
Who is going to watch Desiree on this morning?
Did you know that will be sending an interactive truck to Dallas this week? I'm going!
agreed! But i still like s hill over both. No k wright either!!RT": I rather have Quinton Coples than Whitney Marcellus! #Bears"
nope, and he's not winning it tonight either
Too funny!! RT : If the #FinalFour was #WrestleMania one of these players would be from "Parts Unknown"
hahaha me too!
Dat Dude! Wow !
what about continuing education and vocational issues in
I wish people would be classy. Classy is the best.
Frank Sinatra is great driving upbeat spring music
I don't really get on twitter, i'm always on instagram.
we are so overdue for martinis and sewing.
The weather just schooled me.
Vacation weather here in NOLA and of course I'm going to work.
Pandora just gave me "Single Ladies" no thanks! Skip....
Whys are all the MMG conference videos private?
Love nightlife Love to blog. Contact us .
With the over 60 degrees out this week was a great time to clean outside windows. Wow what exhausting work.
HE FOLLOWED ME AH!;D
that's what I said
RT : Stay out of the pool until you get some swimming lessons. Stay out of the gym until u connect with your #fitness #trainer!
y do females get so offend when we leave the toliet seat up?yall dnt hear us complaining about yall leaving the seat dwn...
AWW thank youi so much. i never get tiered of hearing my fans talk about my movies.
Just got back into Pandora. Loving it.
Conjunctions/Connectives in less than 4 minutes (AQA B)
dood that tattoo is gross! D: lmao
So much for pizza.. closed...anyone at Emerald Loop?
aww Love you too, but you'll be back i promise muhahaha!
my phone has stopped working...again
AZ's immigration law enrages Latinos - #BarackObama must be saying Republicans thanks for polarizing the nation's largest minority
I really don't want to finish that psych paper
We tend to agree. It's not like anybody is prohibited from having photo ID. We're a little surprised at the ruckus.
I am to freaking happy over UK's win! I love my wildcats! <3
You know, we don't right now. We're still working on our new EP at Blackwatch. But, we don't suck!
I left my phone in your car..
Fareed Zakaria: Global Public Square. One of my favorite Sunday programs.
i thought better of you than to pull that... guess i was wrong. fine... IM FUCKING DONE!!! have a happy life.. i wont be anywhere in it..
Also, mosh pits have never gone out of style?
Came Along Way From Making Tracks On The Webcam, I'm Just Glad To Be Blessed Fam
hoping you're at the vet right now young lady.
-- why you do the beat like that tho
I remember how the darkness doubled. I recall lightning struck itself. I was listening to the rain. I was hearing something else.
Im sure whatever you decide will work out...btw I would to shoot with you someday, Im trying to develop my portrait photography
i dont know if it was THAT epic...
Hey you say it like you're not surprised!!!
Publicists and are at #Letterman waiting for ! Don't miss him tonight on
hey I didn't mean to I'm sad about it
Haha don't have a camera on your iPod?
GOOD MORNING MILWAUKEE! Who needs a limo for Valentines Day? One of our biggest nights of the year - book NOW!
Believe it or not, I'm glad I came to work tonight. Forcing myself to smile and encourage these patients is blessin my soul.
That's great!
(: how are you? Lol
Juve still UNDEFEATED!!!!
#blissdom2012 might have to be on my list this year. Was sad to miss the last one.
Having nice clothes...good for you. Being snobbish at your customers...TOTALLY not required.
Do we know whether Romney's 3 son's used 3 different surrogates or are all the son's children brothers and sisters? Inquiring minds....
is gunning it to 88 mph.
I'm still in college and this hasn't happened to me in ages. You owe me some pizza.
Good morning #ROC! I hope you have a brighter day than the weather outside!
Aw, thanks!
I just noticed how awkward hugging is when you have boobs and hug another girl with boobs.
radio show tonight at 6pm live on
im sorry but i dearly hate you
~Frederich Leopold von Hardenberg~ The richest soil, if uncultivated, produces the rankest weeds
follow shes new and needs more followers+she follows back!
Awkward moment when I saw Mrs Reyes at the mall on Saturday and today at kohl's....even more awkward that we parked right next to each other
How to politely tell neighbor I can hear every detail of their sex problems through the walls?
Cootie face
"'Tan mom' becomes action figure" #cnn The doll appears in tanface!!
Audition time
You say you love me, but all you do is hurt me...
How was the walk yesterday??
I can't wait. You and Shawn same time
Software test a go. better than anticipated results.
second 4.0 earthquake today to shake the bay area. w-t-f?
Y do my heart still love you when it knows ur not what's best for me
#TOURS Julia Holter New Dates
#youknowyoufromatl if u say liberry instead of library.
My film WHAT MATTERS MOST, which i wrote and directed for r4 productions is now streaming on youtube! go check it out!
Believe me I'm quiet for a reason, Give me the crown 2 coming soon for now enjoy these hot ass singles an videos I'm dropping soon!
": we r awesome." Haha. I was thinking the samething..
joined team beachbody as a coach
Not fair guys. Have not seen the Crüe live since Dr Feelgood and you don't invite me!!!???
haven't seen it--I hope it comes here. Looks like an allegory for today's wars. Love Sayles and the cast, though.
never RT : he make struggle beats now. He lost his hunger
Why is how i met your mother so addicting?!? :D
They Dykin They Like It.#FreeBoosie.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Which Christmas pudding is your favorite.....Figgy pudding, Plum pudding or Yorkshire pudding?
YEAH! Like retype your independent and dependent variables and all that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> it uses up the word count
flipped swooped bang straight on the sides and back
How did we get here?I used to know you so well. -Decode
&#39;con&#39; folder in WINDOWS | Zealous Engineers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMES FRANCO! <3
hi Kiki, our site is mobile friendly, you have to cancel and still click play to view...
Nothing says TGIF like a vigorous early morning workout Happy Friday, y'all!
Now You Watch Your Mouth
Congratulations!! Hopefully this will make the final push a bit lighter!
Delta Air Lines and US Airways closed today on their agreement to swap takeoff and landing rights at LaGuardia and Reagan National airports.
Instagram I will follow back, mzviciouz
On my way home :D/D:
Hooray!!! RT : No deal 'imminent' for Vince Young in Buffalo
Tyler's wild #tooooooodrunk!
Idea isn't to avoid making mistakes but to make them cheaply and early...learning from them and increasing your resilience as you go..Sargut
Ready for some summer partying :o
What would you do if your acceptance letter was revoked?
davids face saw the ring...a little blurry there
Freeze them for January!
Always breaking new ground.
Good Morning Cupcakes! Hope you have a fabulous Fri! Stop by CF for all your weekend festivities!!!
It's so true. Great info shared from them! RT : Love being in sessions with and
Word RT : word some wendys would be good right now
We'll be giving away 5 plans at tomorrow's event. A year each of Small (2 winners) and Micro (3 winners). See you at !
thanks! let us know how you get along with them!
Thanks for the mention! :)
Yo, James and I use something called WorkTimer... I think. I'll check in a sec. Really simple app for Mac.
Go follow super tight pop punk from knoxville.
Rehearsing tonight for next Sundays recording session with nick/joe mcd. Quintet!
- Richard Seymour says Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce should worry more about his defense than criticizing the Raiders
- are you aging that feta?
give me an error message with a row number there damn well better be a row number on the screen - looking at you portfolio manager
Name something that no wedding should be without.
Thank you for your donation, comrade!! We promise to be the best Socialists that we can possibly be!!
There are things in life that you want but can't get
Unconventionally working in my pajamas... at least for the moment.
word me too:/
Attention all haters please proceed to the nearest tallest roof and proceed to take the fast way down...head first please. That is all.
lmaoo imma call you tomorrow hoe I'm doing mad school work right now!
Throw a Holiday Fabulous Party With Jeannie Mai It 's time to ring in the holidays —fabulously, of course! How Do I Look 's Jeannie Mai
I'm pretty sure you love it because it has coffee in it.
I had a dream Joseph Gordon Levitt was trying to have sex with me last night. But in my dream i was like "Lol never gonna happen" WHY?!
damn is it that serious ma!
All the talk from conservative christians and Tea Partiers, and the best they can come up with is Gingrich, Romney and Santorum?
You are very welcome.
Hey thanks for following Missy, you seem really bizarre.
better<3 the ice that Joe gave me helped it alot, n I think I'm fine :) the true test is tomorro morning XD
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
Young and stupid Left wide open Hearts are wasted Lives are broken
My girl wants to party all the time, party all the time, party al the tiiimmmmeeee!
DocuWeeks going strong despite Oscar rule change
Where?how!?
Stay up to date follow follow
yo there is nothing funny about that!
Shout out to my nxt bf... he's gonna be lucky
see there u go this is war shawty lol #shapow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
darrrnnn. i was gonna see if you were free
anything we can do?
WHATZ UP WHATZ GOING ON THESE DAYS
bout to do the english one too.
ME,I am an artist! Please follow and DM me! Thank you.
Alcoholism Statistics Advisor Is Appointed by Down To Earth Video Ltd.
C Rosario rushed an errant throw, allowing Blanco to get to 3rd...and Cabrera pops out for the 1st out of the inning; c'mon Buster
Worked only four days. I already got my first paycheck? What
I love you....and your cute butt
Greece is on the list too lol. I have a cousin in Spain, friends in Ireland, France and Albania. I need to come back!
just gave me another ab exercise. Apparently the #roos do it at the end of every workout - 3x.
Over here chillinq with my lil one n my qrandma finna chill for the niqht watch some movies.! Church in the a.m
yek. But it has to be done. Play some fun music or something!
OH MY GOSH YES YES YES!
Good luck. Nice to see a daughter of Vindication running so well.
OMG June.
#fridaythe13th is a day where I would rather not go camping. But, cheesy movie marathon is a necessity.
Wait...there are new shirts?
All of did amazing (like always) i just don't want to be upset about what happened, cus they were all amazing <U+E022><U+E022>
Planted potatoes, onions, carrots and peas today. Sore, but feels good.
Nigerian papers boost security after bombings
So awesome! Such a fun day! “: yall look great! have you seen it yet?”
"Now that's ridiculous. How could two people from the same family need therapy?"- Homer
got ya DM... I appreciate the opportunity, hit me up and let me know what I need to send you
IGD up, y-day for dividend re-capture, x-div. Maybe catch today at limit buy price. Didn't buy when bought for more than div. pmt.
Actually, it means HE can run any country while US Prez. Will probably start w/Canada, as Mexico has 2 many Mexicans.
I'm going to move so you can see it more clearly.
It was an honor to have former #MN05 Congressman Martin Sabo on the campaign trail at our event tonight. Thx to everyone who attended!
I hate the feeling of waking up wishing for you to be next to me, just to realize your nowhere near
You guys were great tonight! Glad I got a CD before you headed out. Will you be back next Tuesday?
When I needed a place to hang my heart, you were there to wear it from the start.
i am not even sayin i agree that a ref should all the time be demonized for their calls but calls like that are why they are
Hope everyone's having an amazing Christmas! :)
The heat need a nigga like me & on there team ..!
haha=) what do I need?
Hi Maegen, we'll get to the bottom of this and figure it out for you :)
BTW, look what came today! Buying boots in 80 degree weather is totally normal. cc
I feel super sick
Happy Birthday to JustAskBoo! Thank you, JABBERS, for all you do to help each other so much each day.
Here now! At table 54 :) w Kenny!
I'm actually a fan of the kits for #SportingKC .....
you sing a crappy song on KISS FM Can I get a RT??
I been on autopilot. Need to snap out of it
Coffee & cigarettes = the perfect breakfast!!!!
Free pie is ALWAYS the right choice. So happy I'll see you guys there!
Sellers may be more motivated to sell now as a result of historically low capital gains rates, which may be increased in 2011 after election
Wakefield finally gets his 200th win as #RedSox win 18-6 at Fenway- only took his eighth try to get it. Jays did not go quietly in the 9th.
i want to be a English teacher but i cant spell to save my life
New Go Local member, , now offering $25 off for two premium dinners, or $50 for 4. #Go Local
GOT IT. #twittersmackleague Whiffle-ball tournament
I can't wait til next week, I'll finally get out of this hell called Garden fucking City, and go out to the country. <U+2665>
I love driving around #stoned blasting #phish each betrayal begins with trust every man returns to dust
Holding an LGBT roundtable @ Hamburger Mary's! I love the gay community! I used to be a bear in the 80s. As #chicagomayor, I'll fight for =
Come in tonight for Southbound at 9:30 this band plays all the Rock'N'Roll classics! We promise you won't be disappointed!
Junior Seau has died? These reports true?
why do seem more comfortable retreating from content into discussing forms?
Minerva tickets go on sale this Monday! Only $25 through the end of May - can't beat that!
S/0 2 My brother from some other mother.... ....Bro come thru when needed...
Sorry, can't help. I poke my eyeball with my finger enough by accident . Don't want to start doing it on purpose.
Okay Twittersphere, I'm going to be gone all week with no net access. Please "@" me if anything interesting comes up.
The "friend zone" lol comes to mind
IDGAFOS set off my friends interest is the entire EDM genre. Props
thanks for the spoiler. ):
the switch! ... & I would b careful to not often Bay
you look better with the lights ON ;)
Done with tanning. Time to head to class.
heading on over for some #CraftBeer you going to be around?
Woot! RT always a good time with Todd @ Russell and Hualapai!
You know how we do! Philly style :)
You've been unlocking an awful lot of badges lately. Come home already?
UGH. i hate people.
Best session in a while. 12 hr poker session paid off well.
Turnt up last night
Go follow me on keek, I now I have one video up. Just go to keek and type in Alexa Treffeisen or Scootch and I should come up. So follow :D
so i should just wait for an event to see you lol i see how it is
Ready for worship!
yea when??
I'm not saying Tony Romo is the best QB in the league. I'm saying he is as good as anyone,
instead of coming home w/o a job. We're able 2 afford them serving other country w should b able 2 afford them to keep our country safe.
A HS classmate! RT Yesterday we arrested James Sroufe after he tried to pawn some stolen metal while driving a stolen truck.
Our brands differ from the darker, Euro Sprecher portfolio. We offer lighter, more American styles.
umm June...whenever nationals is over ...long season :/
Next week is the week we are all waiting for. will be on #Punk'd ! Hell Yeah!(:
DM me please
I'm excited about bringing the #Aspire Network to #ATL. I gotta get in gear with my ideas and scripts to catch his ear!
Let's go
I loved istill physco. And I love you, your amazing and so gorgeous!! Follow me!? (:
You share the same addiction, I take it? Those are just SO good... *nom*
thanks! Good to be back under a new alias :)
Woooohoooo! >>": Watch us on Gospel today! , "
“: I'm gonna hit someone or something” get some!! :)
you're kickin' butt on the exchange. Do you have plans to add content to your current resources?
"Subway map" to show development of tools/projects over time at UVA (using VisEyes/SHIVA) - neat idea
Nobody is perfect; everyone has their own flaws
#ReasonsNewspapersShouldNotGoOutOfBusiness Cheap Wrapping Paper
I hate driving my moms car
"Love my shirt "bringing hope to the hopeless' " AWESOME!
Last night I dreamt that I met and I got to hug him I hope it comes true one day (: <U+2665>
I eye is red and itchy
You're all grown up.
The Normandy background, the red dust moon background. Its INSANE, so much detail
: elephant revival $10 but more than worth it! tell doorman AJ hi!....he's super nice.
English. Gym. Cat.
any idea when the little toddler shirt/shorts combos will be back in stock?
no because in stay in Scotland! :(, you? <3
hey there, come to tweetchat and join the party!
hmm saw my saturday going a lil bit different. at home by my self what to do what to do
Hi Jane, I'm James Adams, founder of AirPay, a mobile social wallet provider. Who should I approach about partnering?
Have an artful 4th of July!
thanks for the #FF!! Hope you are well! Met one of your new colleagues at te OAH
hey :D
is gonna win
not really..ready for the weekend?
And now it's pigeon vs. dog in the Sunday morning battle of the yawps.
they tied a game they needed to win.
Browsing French connection at this time lol
LISTENING 2 REGINA CARTER NEW ALBUM, REVERSE THREAD, AVAILABLE NOW!
featured band on PureVolume.com
Last day in my 20's- bottoms up!
ever time i see that i just
I've been to Olympic wrestling trials before, but it didn't have as many spectators #iowacity Wow!
AUSTIN<3 how was your dayy.?(:
Ding ding ding!!
Great wine tasting all, 4 wines for only $14, guess the 1 spanish wine for $2 off! (Hint: exquisite aftertaste of fruit and fine herbs)
I hate a person betray the body of yourself to a Guy Of Fake Love !
Also I'm throwing citrus at my own head for saying "You go girl" on the internet. eeeeeesh
People stay going on Lebron and comparing him to Kobe at the end of the day he still make more money than you will EVER see Lol
huh will i dont really like them lol
Hilarious representation of the US & Canada boiled down to: United States of Canada & Jesusland. -
I Swag In My Snap
": If I had a bf with a cute penis I'd kiss every morning ha !" Lmfaool wtf just popped in my timeline lol
haha I forgot what was tweeted
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I dont like people being disappointed or mad with me.
Man. I love how Justin Bieber loves his fans. And Peyton Sanders(: Austin doesn't treat us right. Alex treats us better than Austin.
So I found a #revs jacket, a #rapids jacket but I have yet to find another jersey at ross. Where are you #ravegreen !?!?
First election I've ever won
Rhode Island has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
#ParadiseJune5 Can't come any slower!!! Hurry!! I'm so excited
I Hate When Guys Are Named Bj ... It bothers me
I apologize and withdraw. I thought we'd met at the annual CPDA seminar in Redondo Beach where I taught the Pitchess section.
Grrr. It's all b.s. yet so effective at slamming even smart women's self esteem.
Pathetic. Clearly some kind of last ditch effort. “: So, Google+ has resorted to TV commercials to get people interested?”
Ok. Gonna give Downtown Abbey another shot tomorrow night. I'm on a mission...
Psalm 119:96 To all perfection I see a limit, but your commands are boundless.
Pilates class at Chatham Village today at 6 pm.
The fates have seen fit to give me the day off. I think I'll go for a bike ride, take some photographs, & have a drink, or 4.
Time flew by! Thanks for joining us and be sure to check out the #Happiair truck
RT : I get concerned for these babies out here whose mother's are out here with a different dude every week ..
you know he's gay tho? so he can teach ya how to suck a cock lol
LOL some girl is plucking her eyebrows in the hallways. then she like brushed it out with the spool thing lmfao.
Thank you for your donation to RIF.
Super Bowl will be NY vs NE part duex
I stink at maths.
I wanna go skateboard
Home from practice; time to take a nice cold refreshing shower.
I already had retweets turned off, so no change really.
Omg hi!!!!! How's it going? Having fun?
Clippers dun came back, that came outta no where
In the 9 o'clock hour: Alex Diaz Merengue Jazz NEW + Music from our 3 CD Latin Jazz Bundle & mre. Jazz 88
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim recorded 879th career win, tying Dean Smith for 3rd in Division I history.
Of course, all these esoteric budget facts are what's really crucial to the district, but closures grab headlines and TV cameras
oh Plz believe...I totally understand..
im having a brain freeze whats the name of the guitarist? For ai?
you a fool for that one
Next week is Show your support!
Getting my nails done later :)
we are actually gonna be dropping the STAND UP VIDEO today!!! and we will be giving away tons of BikeStyles and iPhonic gear!!! stay tuned
Have a great weekend!
This Feels Like Bullshit .
Why couldnt the penguins play like that in all the games?????
Artvoice is looking for new sales reps. If interested contact
I don't know what you're talking about? (:
I'm at the bar, come out and say hi to ur customers!
It ALWAYS feels good to score a goal
I know! It is so hard to explain! I am always looking for good examples!
Tax free weekend is here for back to school! We have group messaging for all those school clubs, teams & groups.
Sounds good. Perhaps you can send us a DM with your email address and we can set up an online demo next week. Thanks!
Rock County driving reporters on deadline crazy as website goes down again
I'm hungry! Who wants to cook for me?
Mom always said that if you can't do something with a kind heart, don't do it at all. This means you...
Join the club.
exactly why you should head on over to fifth ave tomorrow night!
Here's the question for the prize. What year was Spot Organics started? First one to guess correct gets it
37% of relationship experts say infidelity is the hardest problem for couples to recover from.
If I managed social media for the Standard or the W or whatnot, I'd get you (or ) to man the Twitter.
Another crime debut with a lot of promise: KIND OF BLUE by Miles Corwin
I hope so! That would be amazing!! You working today?
We love
Sorry to hear that! You should be prepared with our app!
LISTEN UP GUYS. idk whats wrong with my twitter,but it sends stuff to people and linksanyways i'm sorry about that hope you can ignore that
That was one of you Agile Ninja's sticking his foot in the front wheel, total setup! He's pretty light on his feet
And remember, never point your librarian at anything you don't intend to access ;-)
i hate the entire school now.
Gotta make this happen!!!! Will not loose!
wow that's amazing! :D congrats. Spend it smart
“: People never change. They just become more of who they really are.”
UXCF – A UX Competency Framework - Update | World of Knight
Everyone is looking extra stylish today! John-John Williams from is here taking photos for Glimpsed at Work!
Student billing statements are now available in eSIS Student Center instead of QuikPAY.
RT: BREAKING: Tim Tebow currently in locker room watching a Bergman film, smoking Gauloises, contemplating "God's awful silence"
": Great coffee and convo at #sova with :)" thx for coming all the way out to
I'm not sure that's a lady.
Flaubert FTW! Nice find!
RT You have a dream, go for it. Take the limitations off of your self. Aim high! Excel.
thanks for the love !! See you in a couple of weeks!
Let's go Sens!
bad avocado but i'll eat it anyway
The New Raw Menu is here with Live Falafels, Wraps, Pizza, Nachos, Oregon Berry Salad and many more raw dishes Awesome Salads, Juices & more
Today's enrichment.... fossil finding excursion on the creek with the world's best preK teacher... Granny Bryn Peterson!
wow you guys are awesome. Big Fan here!
thank you Salil!
ITS Just so easy to say idk man
11 o'clock, Saturday night. That's when women are supposedly the most frisky.
Pattillo with the dunk...Jam leads the Energy 28-20 going into the second quarter
"Talent is a gift. Character is a choice."-Anthony Grant, Alabama basketball coach, quoting John Maxwell
Yahh...summer is a little bit....not optimal. I'll DM you my email/phone. Love to talk with you about it!
About to go get this "W" real quick game at 3:00 pm. Then home to relax a bit before the Jordan brand game tonight!
#IfIWereAPet I would want me as a Mom. I Love my Furbabies :)
Yes it is.
Nine days 'til Santa Anita
Holla' at the MILF at the mall.
see you saturday. Not bringing a bday gift. I didn't get one last year.
$10 for $20 Worth of Pizza and Beer at Fatso's Pizza -
In the tanning bed and a song saying " zoooby zooby zoo" came on...
Interdisciplinary research methods. Does such a course exist?
And yet somehow "helped" it?
All the boys are too busy pretending they never watched the movie to admit that they didn't know it was based on fact. :)
Tweeps, make sure you're following , tomorrow is the last day for #DD99CentIcedTea sweepstakes!
okay so i just read your twitlonger and i'm here like....YOU'RE SO LUCKY OMG, and all the boys follow you right? insane!x
Who's ready for day two? The fest is open from 10am - 5pm with tablers, workshops, lectures, a film fest and tons of fun! Bring a friend!
what's good fam?
I love my fiances family <U+2764>
Cool weather and cupcakes go great together...we have been baking since 5am make someone smile today!
They drew your name as a winner at the closing. Said they would email you :D
Definitely not. So good.
haha no way, you win by a mile :)
hey there Mz how r u? Did u make it to da boat the other night?
happy wednesday, guys! (: its been a lovely day here in washington
I worked out this morning. Makes me feel great all day....ugh!
lucky! I still got another day :/
you said something about not being in a band anymore or something xp
Thank so much for helping us support #volunteers! FYI: We've extended the grant deadline to March 7!
Stosur beats Venus Williams to spoil all sister semifinal at Family Circle Cup
plus keep in mind how many weeks (months) y'all had to work on this project.
Freed from pneumonia quarantine, going to dinner with my bff and her hubby. Best part of any week.
OK, so singing is not in your job description. Fine.
Okay we're so down! Just let us know where! Do we bring the cake? Lmaoo
better then being sad ;)
how about a rt for those about to go to work all night haha also
I was raised sailing on the C. Bay. Almost crewed on the Pride, but my wife was pregnant. The child a bigger adventure.
Oh my goodness that sounds amazing!
If you haven't listened to the rap group Redcon-1 you're wrong
Time to finish off the B's
I give up. Im done fighting to do things right. Im going home. Maybe on Monday Ill feel like dealing with idiots again.
Thanks for RT, Fran! I drove through #Colombia #Virginia & wondered why it was so depressed compared to neighbors.
I see you
Where's Dan Rather?
How does everyone get those pictures of people with whiskers? I want to make some!:P
Your post is oddly optimistic! :)
I have given everything I see all the meaning that it has for me.
and your post assumes you have access to everything the govt does, which you do not.
can't understand crazy unless you are crazy Teabaggers are crazy RW nut jobs. Count yourself among the confused on POTUS racism
RT : It is never too late to change, for life is eternal & no one needs to stay the way they were, on this journey of life.
Aint that the truth nigas be lettin the devil use them
If someone ate it I'm gonna knock everyone the fuck out.
Got a lot done today, but could have done without the migraine
me too! right cut seriously.
clutch pick. My brother is still in first. He has Matt Cain as his last player
#whatilove the new Call of Duty... and playing music :)))))
What is a neighborhood?
hahaha this kid is hopin bitches
Do u even know how to dm me
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
Traffic has been backed up for hrs and hrs in indy for the race
Thanks for the RT!
I received +K in potassium.
Yay is following us. Now we are cool.
I hope you alright I miss you so much love you amy please be safe
i hate when you text me right when i want to go to sleep -__-
It takes calm, thougthtful, prayerful meditation on the Word to extract its deepest nourishment. - V. Havner
Thank you to all who participated in tweeting #Torah to the top! Chag sameach!
Great #uwebc meeting coming up on March 8 on Managing Web Teams.
thinking about a big change I want to make. need advice from UC, my parents, and my friends before I decide.
that's the "tolerance" of the left
Yes! Travel crazy the next few weeks. Maybe cafe trip the week of 5/14?
Can't wait to hear it!
has a mission: to find jarred Huitlacoche and flor de calabasa somewhere in OC? He's looked almost everywhere...
Getting a shine on my shoes before giving a $1,000,000 check to the Visiting Nurse Services of NY.
I am the deer in the headlights.
Thanks to and for sharing their story for tomorrow's SMB San Diego
Cardinals celebrate Senior Night with a win over Louisville Western, 70-46.
#DCmusic free download a day could be more than just Bandcamp, also hip-hop mixtapes and tracks like today's 'remint'.
If you need some good curriculum for small group study regarding POVERTY, check out Foundation's vid series "Seek Social Justice"
(never met him though, so I can't verify)
Calling it a night early
UGH I need to know who wins HOH
XRadio Media Corp. Just signed a 2 year concert and tour deal with investors. Finally the industry is taking our brand serious.
KD had 33 points 5 rebounds and 3 assist. He's going for #MVP and OKC is going all the way this year
So excited for a 2nd season of Portlandia #PORTLANDIA #CACAO!!!!
Just stumbled across Unplugged with on Palladia.
#nowplayingonrepeat taylor - (jack johnson cover)
I relay to change lives
Woke up this AM realizing how blessed I am. I mean, you should really wake up like that every day, just some days it's more obvious :)
Why hello, Monday, where did you come from?
Guess you have to follow us to receive DM......or Dm us your email
you know you love me and my slide show! Can't wait to do the circle of life with you.
Yeah...what exactly is the problem with that? It seems like pretty standard, esoteric PhD material.
idk, I've never listened to the dude before 30sec after sending that tweet hahahaha
She is fired up. Arv would feel the same way - he loves himself some TGIFridays and Olive Garden.
Isn't it funny how when you're a kid,you wanted to be grown. And now that you're grown,you wish you were a kid.
Thanks for the links. Will check them out.
I've passed your studio so many times in the last couple of days. I think i'm just going to randomly come in and check on you
Dear #MLS, Your This Way Up campaign is going well as refs are easily finding their asses & inserting their heads in a timely fashion.
do you like drugs? yes
I'm actually too excited to see at tonight!
just got home right now....
Get at least a basic understanding of finance and your MOU. RT : #andypoll: To the new MLS grads, give them some advice. Go!
never said not to have a nice lunch, for those who are having trouble losing weight they can eat a little less at lunch:) thanks
definitely the snake! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008D> or maybe even a horse to throw me or kick me in the face. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E> as opposed to a pit bull. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
The Independent
never forget who was there with you from the beginning..
everything about you
how are you feeling these days T?
Sneezed today when my mouth was full. AND FOR MY NEXT TRICK.....
LOVE catching up with our partners :) RT : Excellent meeting yesterday. Loved meeting Shana! Excited about future plans!
I have no idea what any of that means.
but you on deck tho?!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry show life you have a thousand reasons to smile.
All you ever ask me for is time..
Okay. :) Think about it guys. :D
8 days and counting until an awesome weekend of dance !!
Well neener neener neener don't u have nice toys! #envy RT : Playing with the new Twitter analytics for
Our official Webpage will debut in July, with the first issue out in August. Exclusive interviews AND free contest swag!! Retweet! ;-)
planning to-do list for tomorrow...it is already longer than I had hoped.
Tonight im probably going out for a few drinks, u?
Please follow for a shoutout on my other account to 500+ followers tweet me a 'done :):)' if you have.
Thank you for opening up and making the people about mental awareness.
Who! Congrats!!! And well done!
well. we have a lot of catching up to do.. still waiting for you to come all the way up here to spend time with me
Dont feel bad:(( your so amazing and i love you xoxoxo
Please FOLLOW me:D
Oh Lindsay <3
Good Morning Everyone. It's a great day to enter our competition! Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms. Keep watching for updates.
LOLL highly doubt that
Not at all. I did something similar for my younger brothers a few years ago. It's neat for them to have when they get older.
wtf is craig sager wearing?
Jersey Shore tonight!
I need to get my account verified!
Yeah they talk but I can't hear what they say... cuz I'm flyin.
I c it's nomo fb 4 u only twitter
it's a great day to be a San Diego charger fan
nice can i join lol
oh wow. directionator
fail? did you not attend the same conference i did? pro-abortionists got next to nothing, and lets not forget
Happy "Leap Day!" from The University of Rhode Island Harrington School of Communication and Media!
1000 flavors?! That taps into my childhood mini-obsession of combining fountain sodas in strange ways.
fuck ya we do the same. will have some for ya soon man!
Heading to NY today
How exactly do you make sick??? ": The Gross Lab is open this and next weekend, making scabs, poo, sick & burps."
tend to agree, lots of assets on that team though
Customer Testimonial: I'm just glad that 311 was able to help me yesterday and I'm glad that this service is available to help us. -Apr 5, 2
but Im never content on what I have cause there is so much more
"We have merch for sale and business cards."
We can make all your diamond earring dreams come true! :-)
what was her name?
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.-Vince Lombardi
should invite me again
" Everyday day that I'm alive, I gotta LIVE! "
NYPL is using crowdsourcing to transcribe its historic menu collection. 450k dishes transcribed so far. Releasing soon.
I love that the stories in honorary resolutions still have to use "whereas."
I think ur Twitter bio is supposed to say one weak
Yo whats ur number to ur show i keep trying to call but i cant get the number
I hope all of you are ready to hear our new sound, message, and identity. Tonight. Get ready.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1840 the first successful photo of the #Moon was taken.
That super sketchy moment when your paranoid about everything
I think I just saw Grape Ape OR it could have been a co-worker who OD'ed in purple
Miss replying to my Twitter messages. This Blackberry refuses to let me in :-(
and I getting old waiting for to "put the plane back together" with a tool they dont have for flt 2365 to Honolulu
WELL HOT DOG!
Since I am STILL trying to get over my ex ugh
Ignore. Ignore. Ignore. Ignore you!!!!
</3 It sucks because I don't think I won. :(
#UndergroundHipHopChroniclesPt2 "Ace Royal Flush" 05/14/12 COME AND SUPPORT BOSTON LOCAL ARTIST TOMORROW NIGHT
Twisting at The Showcase Cinemas Woburn, Ma. at 11 am in the Lobby for the Thomas and Friends movie! Making Thomas out of balloons!
i was just wondering. i don't mind seeing her face everyday i go on my profile. :-)
Congrats, ! You won our contest and were retweeted for our 1,000th tweet!
listening to Benjamin Netanyahu address the UN - wow, it takes courage and strength to do what he is doing.
oh yeah
that means a lot to me thank you very much Zoa. :)
OH: Look for people who seek the truth, and run from the ones who claim to have it.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!
What's for dinner? Hot Trax!
Is anyone attending in Philadelphia
:-(. I no we gonna need 2 do better!
Read on the radio, I see ya!
Ur aim 2!“: I had 2 have a drink 2 exercise my liver 4 man weekend with ”
Note solo
Yeah, I may do that too. :)
Thank you everyone! We made it :)
hi- nope! But will hope to see you soon!
SEND IT TO YOUR COUSIN! MT : Got my comic-con badge. Now let's see if I make good on my vow to never go to the damn thing again.
Happy Birthday! Don't let the Debbie Downers get to ya! #screwthem!
#SomeWhereOutThere is a woman who wants to tear Mitt Romney apart. HAHAHAHA!!!!
Life isnt a bitch you are haha
how'd the conference tweeting go?
whoa just woke up and the boys are picking me up in 30 minutes.
but really!?! Ooyyyy
I'm so glad that my generation is rediscovering my grandparent's generation's love of cocktails!
I am at sparkles wedding and it is amazing! I love all my friends from rice university.
Me: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*
haha. well make up ur mind! i dnt wanna b a slut AND a bitch!!! i mean, ur just a hoe!
When I yawn, I wonder if deaf people think I'm screaming
Your welcome!
I guess I'm confused? who was paid what? didn't they all put their lives on the line?
Having no homework >>>
call me on my cell please
Lol. I'll put one up soon. That's good to hear. I never was into Twitter, but it seems cool.
that just made me hate you even more, good job <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
had a productive meeting on urban agriculture this morning!
so, what was kill list about?
What is wrong with these republicans, they say let a person die if they don't have health insurance, what is it with you people, shame on u.
It may be dark out, but there's nothing dark about our fro yo! Come see us to kick start your pre-winter mojo!
RT: I hope Romar has a Gordon Bombay speech in him...(maybe not the Ducks part, but the motivational part)
#hth2012 Alef - integrating the practical and the theoretical work in Web based collaborative research
txt me. 5136003654
Thank you for all that you've done in New York Mario! Once a Giant, always a Giant. You get nothing but love. God Bless!
lol I was so happy when he kissed me and I got 5 hugs from him it was incredible!!! I wish I could be his gf lol
Of course!
passed no less than 2 horse drawn vehicles on the way to #marac conf. Yay PA!
; cause i honestly don't feel like dealing w/ these people today.
you get my message last night :)
We are grateful that our members collectively saved over $100 million in transportation expenses in the last decade. We hope to save...
Number one is doing fine, I bet your disappointed!
I forgot about that
Brrrr.... It is COLD!!! How much snow did you get?
“Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity.” Will Smith
I assume that your "4G" label is analogous to painted on flames on a car; pretty but not intended to actually convey speed. 2/2
yes MT There's marketing in everything, it's not nec a dirty word!
Women who don't smoke can still get lung cancer - Kansas City Star
A3: Don't read print first thing, read later in day, news habits had changed before I left.
I love Sundays. You get so much work done, but feel so relaxed doing it.
#FF thx&welcomes new follows Move your way!
It will be, once it drifts away from the American continent.
I remember Duck Dunn played at the Bob Fest at MSG in 1992. RIP
Happy to follow. Any healthy shoe advice! Shoes have always been a big discomfort! Duck/monkey feet r best bare.
if they have an app that can find the closest open donut shop, that would be the one I'd get
you don't want him living next to you!
Wow! Just had the most productive meeting in months!
also, I just said "so far" in my head too many times in a row - now it doesn't even sound like English :/
We're loving the weather as well!
<U+200E>"Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." -Malcolm S. Forbes
pears aren't even good. I think they're the only fruit I don't like.
Any good resources for ct? I have town info but cannot find birth or death records.
But the main point is just that advising is outside of the economic/fiscal question. Advising is totally unquantified.
Haha I know the Kings are doin work on Vancouver (good cuz everyone hates them!) The #SJSharks on the other hand are gettin owned
ANYBODY wanna be in a Hunger Games RP?
Finally catching up w/ Twitter today (hence the RTs!)
Follow me. All the news, notes and numbers you crave regarding #BigTen sports.
mus be nice...
Ok so I just bent over laughing re your CraigOs 4 square tip .
Offer extended! Still only $22 dollars for a Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil ($45 value) Get yourself feeling refreshed!
I'm in my way home now guys.
Any followers joining us for the opening night of #LetX by ? #iwannasayhellolater!
impressed so far. Many times the #Packers offense turns it on in 2nd half. Cautiously optimistic at this point
Dancin' so hard with & and Casandra <U+2665>
Listening to "Crazy" and the whole studio is bobbing their heads! Look out, #Remede is coming at you!
The surface began to bubble. I knew that now was probably the best time to leave. I just couldn't tear myself away from the scene at hand.
It's time for the #SPURS!!
Baby on the way? Upload ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook by May 1st to try win a 4 piece prize package!
Future is bright in Augusta!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
going to watch avenger with my beloved friends :)
#PutYourHeartsUp on Thanksgiving
The call me maybe music video is funny she's so dumb lol
One of the actual lines from #LeapofFaith #Broadway #StJamesTheatre "I'm a disco ball for Jesus!" hahah
Getting into more writing in addition to Yogi in the Community. Any topic requests? <3
Fun 2 meet u! I had sashimi. U? RT Met up at Mitsuwa and with we met :)
Matt Barnes hasn't been good since ucla and Bynum does weird stuff all the time.
lol, dosen't it feel a little squishy?
I've forgotten what a meme is...My mind has been taken over by all this shit-busy-work...
Don't let text marketing pass you by. It's ready to go right now! www.zesmo.com
Thank you & glad you liked it! Ordering some more too. Happy #WW!
I'm trying to.
have you had it with these motherfuckin' critics and there motherfuckin' computers?
People, you all need to cool your horses on the politics. That or a sword fight out back.
Sad at loss of Dwayne K. Ward. He will Be missed
We had so much fun at Cherry Tree Massacre this weekend. Thanks so much to the Chimes for hosting us, and to you guys for coming! /te
you better get your game face on!
I hate her hits <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
whats up everyone
": She’s strong enough to walk away; but broken enought to look back."
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! I love you austin!(:
how do u make coughing look. cute!!!!
CONGRATS ON YOUR HALL INDUCTION....YOU WERE ONE OF MY FAVS!!!!
Chicago for the night
The weaher today was perfect. Now off to dinner with and friends. Gambool later?
Meanwhile, Ann Romney is lucky she had the opportunity to be a stay-at-home mom.
I'm finna go check out my nigga new sh*t!
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
Great read. I agree 100%! #EraofKharma :-)
all having our own beds is awesome but we all wish we were at
We need a #Walkerville of people living in tents made of those large "Stand With Walker" signs, because they're just going to waste.
Staying in luxury tonight at Hotel Albuquerque at Old Town. So excited!!
SWEET CHEESUS LORD HAVE MERCY SKDJDJDJDKDNDJBDIDND
Cuomo: both parties have extremists in their conferences
Haha No elton john? ": My iPod is having a mid-life crisis. It's played so much Madonna and Whitney Houston in the last week."
I'd rather that you blow my mind than blow below my waist. YouTube.com/KennAustriaTV
I feel absolutely beat :/
Nachos, Lemonheads, and my dad's boat, you wont go down cause my dick can float!
Next time you spend money at a mall go to fhtmus.com/indirawilliams thousands of stores all in one place and earn rewards
everyone's gettin engaged or havin babies, gives me the wedding fever #cantwaitforthering :)
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
DYK? Lynn Whitfield, humanitarian and actress; "The Josephine Baker Story" is a member of AKA. ..
RT: " & ALL WEEKEND LONG!! yeah I can't wait!" Yay!
Producers, submit beats to we need quality beats.
aww omg what happened?
Yes they will!
Getting my color fixed by the fabulousness at Kim Vo in the mirage.
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON! RT IF YOU AGREE!!
Tip of the day: if your cheese isnt cheesy enough then alls you got to do is whiz some cheese whiz cheese on the cheese.
its too awesome for television
late work
It's so weird how bipolar I can be on a dancefloor. Having a great time, but then feeling like bleh a moment later.
Hesitated! : Hesitated! : Have you abandoned all physical reading or have you hesitated to jump to digital books?
weird you didn't DM me ):
bitches these days-SMFH
I Try To Follow People That Haven’t “Tweeted” In 2-3 Months..It’s Less Pressure On Me…
That Scorsese doc is good. Some weird picture shimmering prob in WALKED WITH ZOMBIE but otherwise that set is awesome.
not around me :(
awesome!!!!!! We're a big fan of your work! Cheers!
Baked red velvet cupcakes from scratch. Get in my mouth now.
Looking into getting a new jogging stroller...
Rainy days are great for reading! Loved meeting some young readers at the Westland Area Library this morning!
Wow, I walked in from my car and turned the game on to find that the #tribe is now up 6-0 in the 4th with two on and 1 out
wow, kinda late to that geek parade eh?
Phone is being so slow! .___.
A manic-depressive fan base matches a manic-depressive team.
Have fun tonight!
Time to relieve stress and sweat it out at the gym. Ab roller I C U. With la gringa
Bought a football at Dicks. Gonna play a quick game with some guys, trying to get pumped for NFL.
Joe can sing.
ok,ok,just want you to focus on the full part of the glass and enjoy life as much as possible
best present I got for Xmas was your book. Love it!!!
#kids are outside....running and playing
Shopping carts double as strollers for your kids if you're poor/homeless
RT : Got a new pair of Cat Mids today. See how they hold up to some #bmxFlatland I'm used to
i'd say you're winning!
Damn! RT I been single two long ass years. Wtf is wrong with me. Lmao.
Ford Mustang Raglan Shirt – Glory 1969 Adult White/Red
HIGH FIVE!
What's going on right now?! um Full Monty, Greasebucket, & Cyrus Youngman in mocha's! You should be here!
20-month old revealed a preference for Grey Poupon direct from the jar today. Freak? Snob? Freaky snob?
I am officially the worst person ever.
not. a. bad. idea.
Harry Potter wasn’t the only one breaking records last weekend. Women’s World Cup set records for number of tweets per second, with 7,196
New icon<4
Based on my developer experience, the best way to create a new app is completely make yourself to think in a new way.
Thanks for the RT
I love females that have a sense of humor. Serious moments are ok but sense of humor is the key !
Had a great talk with the AZ Tech Council about the 2012 Science & Tech Festival. Hopefully we can help out!
New Chadima report details victim #2 as a former football player. Alleges alcoholic drinks were available in trainer's room after a game.
Anybody know me from itsmy add me k
Your My Favorite Rapper Also You A Spitter
jill scott , i love ya honey but yu can go now :) i'm not a fan of your "music".
well I wasn't complaining about him for once, but yes. Rugby ninja. When are you returning to Tuesday soccer? haha
Vilma gets a year? But Hargrove, who obstructed the investigations, only gets 8 games? Must be because he told the NFL what was up
cos I love you? I worry about you when your like this.
Off to work I go.
thanks loves! Have a delicious spicey day!!!
Happy Birthday Nick i <3 you!!! Hope you have a NICHOLICIOUS Birthday(:
“: Christopher Guest et all MVP, best thing all night. #Oscars” I concur!
must not be tall enough cuz this six footer doesn't have any homework <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Good Morning everyone, sleeping in is such a rarity these days. Appreciate those days a lot and a supportive wife to keep the kids off me.
I want some german chocolate brownies
Seriously NO one has said Narry yet!! I keep getting Niams!
how do you win?
Gym time then pool! Time to get motivated!
You know u really care when you have to try & convince urself otherwise.
my daughter is memorizing my hubby's line..yup shes on her way to being a actor or director
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
HIV has had a disproportionate impact on some communities. HIV continues to affect gay and bisexual men more than any other single group.
#RunSupport would help here......
: Agreed. There are lots of us that want that for our city, you and I being only two of those folks. Collaborate! :)
Def moving my domain and hosting to when they expire
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart. -Arabian Proverb
WE HAVE A PLAN FOR WHO WERE SMASHING CUPCAKES AT!
Happy new year (almost)!
totally! "it's all over bar the shouting", says Paul.
Good luck coach. Was where ur last September. Made it2the Elite8. Hope2get farther this year. Good luck again!
Wat u UP to
Did you seriously just blow in my ear?.
In big ways had way too much fun even though I yacked for and hour
so Tim Collins wears a glove. he must love it. it's old and shitty. great fuckin story man.
Finally got around to watching "Drive" last night. Enjoyable picture, but it's another huge victory for composer Cliff Martinez. Greatness.
This weekend is awesome for sports- Olympic canoe/kayak trials , Presby Criterium uptown & 2 local cycling races in Dilworth & NoDa!
Okay, weird roommate, if you're going to bring a guy over please 1. Tell me 2. Wait until I'm done making dinner and 3. Tell me
Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day. I mean it is Friday
In your opinion is there something more going on here if the time frame is that long?
I love how he cares so much <3.
you know the people involved have never stuck to anything for five days..that's too much like work in their world.
Experience the down home "bleus" sounds of Daddy Mack this Thurs. #RetroOnthePatio. The video isn't that clear but the sound is...
Only Gronk. I really wanna hang with this guy.
I agree, it's a myth. I suppose if you are overeating it would be true but then again wouldn't that be true for any sport
no our team is a bunch of pricks
already they fuckin wit the right one! Do ya thang lil mama!
If you don't understand the way I feel by now there's a good chance you never will. And I won't wait around for you to catch up.
RT : Have your W-2 Handy? Plug in your numbers to the Federal Tax Payer Receipt and see where your money goes:...
Levinson says it 's as simple as "Do not lie on your GAB paperwork."
Happy birthday to this little cutie named Liban <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Agreed. I think one of the great things about social media is that you don't have to be an expert to use it!
Michael Bush to the bears! I like it.
thats nice I can still eat fish..u like fish??
#WhyisSBKLIVE missing me?
Groupon now offering a discount on their own stock...
New Costume Deluxe Muscle Captain America Costume
You bitch made, I'm old school !
Phyllis!!!! Give her my best.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends whom we choose. --Chinese Proverb
I was made to love you <3
Anyone use Twitter to teach conciseness?
soul game tonight!!
nice to meet you:)
hey just wanted to say...really beautiful work on GH yesterday. Such honest work. Super impressive. well done!
Cuse game is prohibiting me from getting ready. Maybe they will make a comeback while I am in the shower!
This is going to be one of the best #NCAA #FinalFour tournaments in years!!! Lucky !
Hey! Text me!!
us not use US!
It would make me the happiest if we decide to kick it tonight <3
it's so beautiful and different! Any type of culture is beautiful on general so you'll have a great time! :)
Aw yea keep going lady you gon get yours. Karma is a big bitch and she loves to snap on ya more and more.No 1 can cuff her not even can fuck
i love Justin Bieber's music but not even now is it cheering me up. ):
Why is Google TV trending? nobody seemed to care about it 2 years ago
Brewers now 6 games under since hiring
Finally relaxing after a long day. Drinking Belgian beer and watching the Life is good.
I'm gonna be in Montreal in Mayzies
Have you been snorting butter cream?
NM Environment Dept officials and Los Alamos fire chief emphasized greater spread of the fire is a more immediate concern than rads
Can't wait for Late Night with Jimmy Fallon to hear the new song "Mercy" by
31st Annual Jazz Spectacular :Concert and Swing Dance, Jazz Orchestra I and Vocal Jazz Ensemble GUEST ARTIST Vanessa Rubin, vocalist
I probably sound lame but I hugged Spencer!! We are picking up where we left our relationship
never will I forget about u
thank you for your tweets
It's barely 8 in the morning and I'm already having a bad day. Freaking great.
No snooze here....lets get it!
yeah good luck with that ;)
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information. Thank you!
How lucky am I to have had finals today in the first slot at 745am and the last slot at 725pm.
It's beautiful!! I love the organic yet controlled design.
my boo <3
Thanks for helping to spread the word about our 3/29 panel!
Agreed! So many examples are U.S. only. Great work by
I just finished a 1.07 mi run with a pace of 10'03"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
I was referring to the London blog posts from the fall.
We have to take care of the ball better it's not over. But mistake free play is needed
Happy Friday Fans!
There's a family named Grayson in the show "Revenge". Now if u just change that "a" to an "e" we'd be good XD
Twitter breaks out of the micro-blogosphere and into 140+ character space with the purchase of Posterous.
Ask your parents for Saturday!
Want to celebrate your birthday in style? Have your party at the hottest teen dance club in the Midwest! More info coming soon....
“: ill kick totino's ass” haha what?
BIG thank you to our Cars for Homes donors this year! You've helped us raise $16, 871.61 since January! Let's keep it up in the new year!
#valkilmer...he is the bottle on the top shelf.
so worth the drive for some tapps 3a basketball ...
Going to the Armory show opening party tonight! I had a great time last year taking some photos - hope to do the same this year.
Just once I would love to hear Gov. Chris Christ say Harrison Ford owes him money.
I love seeing bicycle riders that are smoking cigarettes. It's like the ultimate zen balance.
“ The party doesn't start until a #Leo arrives.”
Great podcast tonight which included a nice preview of the Hoosier basketball season!
Thanks, yes - now let's the enjoy the sun.
BadInfo.org -- examples from the media, the Web, plus business cases and personal stories through history. From DowJonesFactiva.
Boarding gate in Dallas to albqo
Wee Rescue and several other recue groups are at the Domain with their pups. Come see the Wees and all the other dogs!
where ya been?
we hit #ballerstatus all week next week on #SB2K12 with a little #surfing and #skimmer in there
Good night
What do you have to do once you want to get rid of it? Shave it all off?
la lala la
slow cooked some pork butt with an onion, carrots and turnips. perfect for a cold rainy day when im feeling sick!
According to trade value chart, packers won the Worthy trade 390-359 and Hayward trade 284-166. gravy for 2 great players
I'm trying to get some work done, and this dog keeps BARKING! I'm about two seconds away from teaching it English.
If u don't want our state in your church, keep your church out of our state.<U+E404>
Can't tell who has shittier arm, Oakland QBs or Oakland pitchers. This never would've happened if were still alive.
| The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously. RT
Officially done with my freshman year of college!
Damn..suspensions way worse than what I thought it was gon be..not surprised tho
What do library vendors expect from librarians during a sales meeting? Express the library's needs; make time to listen. ProQuest Webinar
RT : Among other things there is a growing market for consultants who help businesses and organizations "Go Green"
Sounds like my grandmas gonna be staying here for quite a while
=) what's new with you?
bro we need to go play ping pong!
Thanks for helping us thank #nonprofit #volunteer heroes!
#sschat, discovery, pbl, student centered. essential questioning all used to create rigorous lessons, yet still struggle with grades.
Nothing says romance like secret service and metal detectors.... Valentine's day dinner w/ and Obama at vermillion
The way I live my life: Not caring and keeping my hands in my pockets and my head in the clouds.<3
I have basically 0 respect for America these days.
Havent been on twitter in so long!
I never loved the move because I'm a big Cervelli fan.. Girardi loves Stewart's defensive ability though.
now i have to go get gas and fail this dumb AP test with a bruised ankle
I really wish I could see the inside of my eyelids for more than 2 hours at a time...
thanks for the RT!!
Don't wait too long! Oil changes are very important for your engine.
oh haha no he's not
Anyone want the good old days back? Like May 10, 1990?
Im still here. I swear. Ive been busy. And learning to spin records.......
Opened SHORT $NZDUSD @ .7601; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 76% SHORT
Lana Del Rey - Blue Jeans (Official Video): via
I say what I think if anyone takes it personally they must be guilty - if the shoe fits feel free to wear it (;
Alright, I'm sorry for the obnoxious tweets, all right in a row.
It wasn't that he left, Bro. Martin, it was that he chose to do it for an hour on TV. While the whole world watched!!
i figga really bout to die in this iupui library!!! ..........um its goin down outside
Getting into bed: Pillow? Check. Remote? Check. Phone? *feels around...kicks cover...Phone hits wall and knocks battery out* -__-
Yep every Tuesday and Friday are my upload days..so make sure and check out my new vids. :D
New show added March 9th the Old Brogue in Great Falls, VA !
I'm on my way there now, when U coming.... Bring a coat
what's up woman? Where have you been hiding?
got extrra faded yesterday !
Houston loves you! You and wax were amazing tonight! Next time you go on tour keep us in mind!
Wearing a Judas' video inspired outfit is the easiest thing ;) LOL
hey wanna donate free taco coupons 2 the first few people that donate old cell phones to our fundraiser benefiting
I will look into that.
Greater is He that is in you than the one that is in the world! (1 John 4:4)
#MUSICNEWS Take an early holiday this year and get yourself to the John Foxx & The Maths gig in Madrid, Spain on 26th May. Don't think su
Today I am #grateful for a wonderful husband, 3 amazing dogs and a fire to warm my bones!
the important question is, did the team win?
It's such a fun project. I just finished The Shining on audio which was
I'm so exhausted I'm dizzy. I don't have a day off till Monday! But this event looks cool!!
"You wouldn't coach football by lecturing about it for 9 years and THEN letting the kids go on the field. So why do our schools do that?"
Just watched the original Star Wars with my 6-year-old son. He loved it!! That is why it will always be the best...it's timeless!
My mother is ill, please keep her in your prayers, if you can or care. I am so worried.
Dworkin: here to present taxonomy of types of reading that are "poetic, but not necessarily musical"
#Scandal time!!
Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots... Of Pepto? -________- Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn.
I can't be your Superman.
Steve () has shared a tweet with you 3 months for $99 two locations plus all group fitness classes are included
hockey predictions are like vacuums. They all suck.
GOOD NIGHT!
Great share! One of my 2012 goals is to go to a show at the Funhouse... I keep imagining it's ridiculous and awesome inside.
now that I disagree with 100%. Kid played at 222 this yr. Was 224 at Sr. Bowl. Was not out of shape.
crazy game. I was hoping you made it home to watch. :)
"WHAT HALF A BILLION BUYS YOU IN D.C." #huffpost For billionaire Peter Peterson, hoped for cuts to Social Security & Medicare. What a guy!
My parents are going on vacation next week and they gave me permission to get drunk with my friends... Uh holler <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Off the cheer practice:)
Can we start a music revolution!?!
It's a windy day! Contact Desert Pool Cleaning to get your pool cleaned up! We service Phoenix and Scottsdale. www.desertpoolcleaning.com
CONGRATULATIONS Tim! You've proven yet again that you're the #Ninja Journalist I've always said you are!
We Thx u for your input! Have a great weekend! Peace and Love!
thank god your back christian i love u
my favorite was riding around following a boy band with my best friends for four days!!
LMAO RT : If a wife forbids her husband from reading playboy should the same rules apply to her for #50ShadesofGrey?
looks great! thanks for the pic!
hey man weres justin bieber
Are you seeing snow in your area? Send your photos to www.krqe.com!
feeling lascivious
Listening to local rapper Pashion...Copped her CD from her in Harlem over the weekend...the chic is nice...great music
Watching last nights Mad Men. So excited!
Cia bounce takes down team takeover. Tyler ennis pg has some game that is really developing. Wiggins beast of course.
Where are you going to hide the Pizza Planet delivery truck in #Brave?
What's this we're hearing about scarves in the future???
“When I was young I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures, so I did ten times more work.” - George Bernard Shaw
was it of hazelnut creamer? Haha
Haha, yes we should:)
ouch! I'm sorry to hear that.
AH followed you!!
I'll see you next Sunday. Will be there for brunch.
Super Mario Bros. for Wii ! Gonna be a good night(:
Thanks Joan! Would love to talk to !
any way to review calendar conflicts in #outlook07? don't want to review them day by day...
Off to school....
IMY to girlie it don't matter just let me know when
Can STAT's contract be voided because of this?
you're welcome! We had a great time!
I think you got hacked guys/gals...
Thank you I got to be a cog in the machine!
Nasty Gal is basically Coachella...all year round...
Tonight's recap: Lower Body Power Circuit Training Workout + Intense Stretching + a 3 mile Fat Burning Power Walk. It's recovery time. Amen!
You are a former tax attorney - can you tell me what a statute staple is in today's tax law, and where it came from?
Miami tomorrow after school. Fuck yeah!
fb is totally boring these days
It's funny how one person can make your whole day. <U+2665>
Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me <U+2665>
“: DT Marcus Stroud says he is considering return 2 NFL this season." Please reunite with Jack Del Rio! <--
Today I FINALLY got to be that jerk in the parking lot who got your spot.
They got like 5 schools on the street!
The day totally flew by... probably cuz of the drugs i hav 4 my allergies tht just make me drowsy, thts it, doesn't help at all.
Any holiday specials posted will be retweeted on our Twitter page and
guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are God my Savior, and my hope is in you all day long. Psalm 25:5
I see so much of t-mac in kevin durant
stop by Common Grounds coffee & meet Derek & Graham of b4 5pm if u r in the area :-)
had a great time being interviewed by john and allie from swingerscast..
#NP Photographs - Rihanna
I dnt even know your last name
"If you play to win, as I do, the game never ends." -- Stan Mikita, hockey player
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds. Dogs only have about 10.
Posting some more pictures up
RT : Great clubs, incl. Seattle. Why overhype Sounders? ----- Look at Keller's clubs. No "big ones" there. Seattle right there.
You never achieve real success unless you like what you are doing. Dale Carnegie
apparently today is #NationalBestFriendDay happy day! You better be celebrating.
please stop sending me the same automated message over and over; it is getting annoying. I have already asked once. Peace.
OMG THE 24 HOUR SHOW WAS THE BEST I WON A SIGNED WEBCAM AND HE SAID MY NAME OMG DID YOU GET THE GOD DAMN VIDEO.
RT : Congratulations. Youve succeeded in hurting a girl who truly loved you.
I say we chow on some chipotle to celebrate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Q4: Clean work-station (canning "mise en place"). Order & rhythm of the process better than any equipment.
Hockey players have the best last names.
You gone write me up cuz I dont have my hw done for another class for tomorrow you ain't ma teacher ! That's why it's called homework! HA
less then 5 days until the #FreedomwalkNYC2011 save the date, learn more at www.FreedomWalkNYC.org
Almost 10 PM, maybe I should start studying...
Awesome, congrats on the house :-) //cc
Ok Coffee doin its job and all will be well
If I'm immediately bored by the powerpoint about how to teach, does that reflect upon the lesson?
Guys. I can't breathe right now. Oh dear Jesus, lord above. Phillip Philips, father my children?
AND HOW WAS THE SPRINGSTEEN CONCERT??? really wanted to go!! love bruce. did he do badlands?
Hoping the homeless found shelter during the snow storm this weekend. Donate warm, dry clothes to Denver Rescue Mission.
Merry Christmas everyone :) don't take the season for granted, cherish every moment!
plus lots of #eyecandy that won't make me fat.
Enjoy DC! Not sure about the sculpture of Kennedy. What's the story behind it? What did the students think of it?
The only thing i hate about it getting warmer is all the damn bugs
um so long as the same thing doesn't happen again I'm glad to work with you
Thank You for your help, Happy New Year ;-)
thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day!
I am SO SO SO DONE
A lot of buzz on Stanford WR/KR Chris Owusu today after his Pro Day performance yesterday.
we liked hearing about your racquetball realtor friend, do you play as well?
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. - Dalai Lama
dunno...wish I could see it with you! That would be an extra butter topping event.
Wish someone would just come out with somethin different from this whole skinny jeans auto tunes crap...if so, then don't sleep on Colorado!
#whitepeoplewednesdays drum circles. Music festivals. Salvia and mothafuckin coors light son! ...together
omg he is SO hot! And my fav show .....
My auto correct eve phone will be laughing its add off, I meant ASS!
Seeking-motivated Legal Assistant with Personal Injury exp for our client that values a strong GPA. Great place to work! Call 881-3449 today
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb
+1! The moms & I wanna go cherry pickin' w/the wee ones! RT : When do you expect sour cherries to be ready?
Does Not Follow Back -__-
Obama camp's walking a pretty fine line in claiming their ad was attack on Romney but not private equity. Were his actions esp heinous?
Anyone dying to see the Vikings on Sunday? (2) tickets section 214, row 15, seats 9 and 10 - face value $74. Will take $50/each.
heard that this week by MS1s who just developed "Osmosis" flashcard program that's a huge hit at
Mono-occult.
Thanks for the link and interest! We have passed your info on to the proper channels! Thanks!
Capitale tomorrow! AlanQuinlan1: sorry I forgot to pack you in the suitcase today kid some..
every song you put out bodies the last... incredible man.
Muhammad Ali was the kind of guy you either loved or hated, but you wanted to see him. I happen to really love him. Gerry Cooney
thanks bro...really would love to get some exposure...what can u suggest?
don't forget UWSP also.
What the hell Idol voters? Jessica and Joshua are clearly the most talented competitors. Bottom three MY ASS!
don't think so. Someone in a Purdue dorm reported it too
I need to step up my athletic game.. I've lost a bit of quickness...
Wise men say, only Fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you!
I got so wasted last night - I mean, I wasted last night playing Call of Duty.
Thinking of memories from Florida with my advisory :')
watching jersey shore on netfix > doing my research paper for health
you too!
love your board short!
haha you weren't my Facebook friend yet! ;) free cake! Lol
Now this movie just reminds me of an episode of Emergency
bc then it won't come true baby (:
People watching is one of my favorite things.
I feel like its not normal when my chest cracks
I succumbed to the siren song of this dive bar.
I need crazy tracks email to including your contact info.. School time catch u later tweets
Great show man you killed it!! Thanks again for the hookup!
I hated 3rd rock too. Glad I wasn't the only one. ;)
I'm running early today maybe that's it.
RT : Great bosses are servant leaders. They guide, listen, praise, & remove hurdles so others THRIVE. -SC Edmonds
Looks like a nice chilly day out there. Time for some BBQ around the fireplace.....
Where youth are invested wholeheartedly in their economy: Costa Rica universities. Eco-tourism is their future and their hope.
rest of world uses MARC21 or USMARC.. In France, we don't like to do like everyone else, so we use UNIMARC.
what's tht mean
same! Lol don't know why I said 3 My momma and my dad used to watch the games all the time and apparently my 1st words was Rangers
Making Puerto Rican-Style Roast Pork Shoulder from "How to Cook Everything." Looking forward to the final step: "whack it up into chunks."
Thanks for the follow and ! Now, lets save the world!
Just realized I hit 7.O tweets...
Ay man im 15yrs old you thiink i can take creatine or am i gonna fuck my shit up? you kno im a Young Thannng pls reply
Interesting to see my friends from WI support UW and Marq. this time of year even if didn't go there. Doesn't happen for MA folks and BC.
you are now legally able to get drunk. happy birthday. :-)
Kids these days..
Rest In Peace. Love you, big brother.<3
I have to say the best hip-hop/rap artist of all time is
my 2nd favorite side of you, ha!!!77
Of course I sit next to the loud dude waiting for Obama, morale is low, food scarce, can't...go...on...
I think if we just focus on Roger Clemens and Sen. Edwards' dick we'll figure this thing out
The Q of the day is simple...witch a witch? What do you get back?
Brian Mitchell's twitter timeline is hilarious.
Iwant a blue coconut cream slush from sonic <U+E022>
I can take these 85 degree working conditions no longer
It's opening night for Everybody Loves Chlamydia at the ! So excited!
If they turned the power out in here, I think I would still be able to see Grant Hill's shoes.
Just got my tickets for in PDX. Yeah be jealous, I get to see Conor.
that could be the stupidest analogy ever.
I'm not lost you know were to find me you just never cared to look smh but its all good
Argentina here we come. Whats the best thing about being away from home?
My school financial aid office dnt ever answer the phone.
I said hi to DeWayne.. && he said "nothing hbu". Uh.. The fuck are you on?
First year of not getting an award.
Never knew u could give ur all n sumbody just take advantage of it.
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Perpetuities have returned at least in part in South Florida courtesy of the
Its easy to underestimate the power of a kind word,a friendly smile,a genuine compliment,a word of encouragement, & a listening ear.
Most Outstanding contribution in reggae - Brigadire Jerry
I already miss the break ugh school :(
Because Notre Dame has as more proggs and pro-aborts with tenure than believing Catholics?
I can barely feel my feet.
#Arsenal play AC Milan today and Vintage Reggae Winter Fest on Sunday...what a wonderful week
indefinitely, but the Bach pad is a construction zone so CPBG it is.
So glad it's the weekend!
absolutely NOT. Thanks for clarifying.
explains the origins of Media Commons + her recent work: from thinking about digital presses to digital networks: new ecologies
Justice of Trayvon Martin! We won't sleep!
that's awesome! I love that book!
Won't be long until that is MD. RT : BREAKING: Washington state governor signs gay marriage bill into law; measure takes effect June 7
I saw y'all on Nightline last night and I STILL want to be Janelle's BFF. :-)
My Mom said that the Outback in Springfield was on fire today.
speaks about the technology gap & learning skills. ACS addresses a key population that not everyone pays attention to
You never know what love is until you loose the one you love the most.:'( #R.I.PZachPebsworth<3. My cousin.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Who has been a bigger surprise?
Thought of you when I read this! RT : Courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway. ~John Wayne
Like it hot? - head for Borrego where you'll find upper 90s. Everywhere else will be cool - 60s/70s through Friday
thank you for the RT!
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Frog leg festival in Fellsmere, FL today then Lonestar in Stuart, FL tonight for lessons. See ya on the dance floor!
And Genius will add Wiz Khalifa to this playlist but not Guilty Simpson? I would make my own playlist, but that's just too time consuming
thanks for following ••Maauh••!¡!
the #Lunsford article points out that writing overall has increased because of shorthand. I think it also helps in development.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions. Albert Einstein Dream Big!
Going back to sleep
related news, I fly out tonight! Yeeeeeee
The concept of a classist space war appealed right off, & once I found the main characters, the rest flowed.
What a phenomenal game!! OMG it's incredible. People tune in. Tied bottom of 9th. Braves vs Phillies.
I miss watching dominate the #badgirls house x( she was so entertaining ... :o
Wildavsky rankings key benefit: provide external benchmark - and here to stay in Age of Accountability
What's the strangest food you discovered while abroad?
Glycominds jumps on positive personal MS diagnostics trial
nope, they were MIA.
preaching to the choir..i'm a fan. but i still love that quote from 'the 40 yr old virgin'.
this is ashleyolson I will be there tomorrow. Where r u at? I will be in SoCal w AshPederson!
Roddy White cant do it all
(expletives!!) RT : Wouldn't that be nice?! Can't get funding.
thank you my friend.
I'm trying to pee, and bailey keeps banging on the door. And now shes playing with my underpants.
thanks glad i'm not alone. Kinda feels nice if I walk slow ;) lmao
Their live to inspire people, gotta #fridayfollow the folks from : , ,
Back to work in 31 minutes and counting... Have a fabulous Friday!
My new word is "Fancy". Everything is....fancy...
Please follow me. (: Thats all I want.
How fun that my family (&awesome neighbors) are streaming my performance online tonight! Yay technology! :)
awesome! I'm picking up wicked lovely today and- I am going to books for the beast! You?
Most mellow song ever <3 I'm Jim Morrison I'm dead - Mogwai
Playing good poker live and online this last week and going this week.
DC; Join me at the SE Tennis Center tomorrow. It's early voting time for this quad. See You there and leave your pencils/pens at home!!
Hey ms I just left the compton court bailing a client out
How is there this much traffic at 7pm? My child is freaking out in the back of the car. "momma momma mommy mommy momma ...."
ha ha ha..love it! It's especially embarrassing when you are in a restaurant and the waitress addresses you by name.
Florida bound ;*
It was only a matter of time.
Bill agrees -- bears need to learn too!
Dude brought a bobble head of himself & Emily...creepy.
Excited to start another kitchen update...a small one...still waiting to finish up last bits of the larger one I've been working on!
report report report. share the good work that you are doing. grantors are interested in what worked and what didn't
preach “: Womens soccer is so clearly the best women's sport. second? dudes lacrosse”
LOL... good one!
Aw what's up babe?
Don't just check it...fill that bubble in completely. Lol. We need every vote for #AlphaAction to count. Thanks good brother!
Oh crap just saw Aaron's text! On my way!
do you not own an e-reader or do you prefer print?
With the disclaimer you are covered. I was speaking in general.
If you have hair down to your bum, I envy you.
you are just a cool cat!
im a former Marine turned web designer. Thanks for the rt! Thoughts on the site?
love this quote, so true!
"I thought we were playing telephone?" -
Regression analysis is surprisingly fun.
I'm burning up in this heat! Why is it so hot? :(
Happy mothers day mrs shepherd
Shower Flow...
can follow me? I have a question about tomorrows
Chief Keef,Reese,King Louie,Meek Mill
Greetings to you too! Didn't know you were out west. When are you back?
would the Flyers consider trading Bryz?
Making balloon animals and painting faces could be your job! Also, some of us (me) may require a babysitter/lifecoach on tour.
Love love LOVE me some "Low" helpdesk request responded to in 12min, resolved in 30.
Working this a.m. Going to golf outing in Crete, IL this afternoon.
HECK YEAH IT'S SPARTA!! #300 is a great movie
True life: i am jealous of my sibling...more like True Life: I am a drunk fat bitch.
plus if you use it daily you'll have a hard time putting the weight back on, even with cheat days and stuff
Something will come thru for u. Keep your head up.
props to for herding the thousands of cats that made #pycon2012 possible
If you have your own car your instantly hotter ;)
tell him I said please
“: Once you go to sleep on saturday night the fuggin weekend is over.”
Back to black hair Friday... Maybe
Everything is made in China except for babies ... They'remade in VaChina.
okay good! :)
RT - #Madden12Facts If you pick the Jacksonville Jaguars you can set stadium attendance mode to one, two or three people.
Ok then :)
No sleep?
Now checking messages
Wanted: study materials for State of NM Life/Health Insurance Exam.
One more info session left until final app deadline! Email if you can join Jan. 11 at 6:00 pm
After the holidays off, this wasn't easy! But I was here in the gym. Made some new friends. Start weight training tomorrow.
more shitty chains that take away from local business. Real fucking excited.
i am watching ur stop bullying video <3 Ur so inspirational i get bullied and it does not feel good but i stay strong
Everybody keep sending these followers to your boy
I will just tell her I brought some extra glitter home for the cascarones!!!! ;)
Maybe moderated and turned into a podcast by someone like you.
who can't stop reading imagines? I know I can't stop I love her imagines!!!!!
Lol if only it were that easy
Michel Gondry unveils indie film 'The We And The I' trailer - watch: High school graduates ride the bus one last time in the new Mich...
I'm seeing ONCE mothers day. Let me know how Peter is, want to see that next :)
Anyone have any #ISTE2011 hotel rooms to spare?
yeah I am,schools out at the end of may
thanks man, but Ty Rattie's game is what's beautiful
...I'd like to hope that classical, instead of on an assumed pedestal, is considered one aspect of a vital, real mix - wishful thinking
We have some exciting news in the works. Stay tuned...
Hey NYC, anyone want to come and see with me tonight at 10? Meet me at AMC7 tickets still available
rocking a middle part today! scary!
Did it hurt??? Hurt what??? Wen you feel from Heaven...... LOL
yay for dance icons
we going to be ghostly brothers
Interesting fact from , no superbowl loser has returned to the superbowl game the following year since 1993!
Headed to TX tmrw. On my packing list: sunscreen, cowboy boots, beer money & a shameless collection of country music on the ipod. Yee haw.
yo do you work with vers'?
Not enough monster sex
RT The US university fellowship, the permission to travel gives everyone a face-saving way out of the Chen Guang Cheng drama.
sorry i'm falling down on the job today. i'm tired and busy and don't think you want to know every time i transfer a phone call. am i right?
Join a #video #collective about residents of
Good job & good luck from WI! RT 3 and 1 on the day. Play UBC first thing tomorrow
lol im not worried bout it aint nun bt some thirsty females that done said the shhh .....
Take you down nice and slow
aww shnap! I love you too! And I've been taking voice lessons ya heard??
Hey man, do you know why I would be unable to register to join your forum? You site never allows me to register.
I truely believe the one person most impressed with is Rachel Zoe.
New track on the ay ft. my lil girl called (All I Count Is Money)!!
Wolfram's new CDF looks interesting for people hip to Mathematica to make web-pages w/ data-driven interactive widgets. www.wolfram.com/cdf
Yeah, it is kinda hard cause retards move too much
Asked BF to name something I'm good at: Reading...falling asleep early.....waking up early. All the qualities you look for in a mate, yes?
Strange sight: Live turkey loitering on the sidewalk in Staten Island this morning. #justhangingout #nobigdeal #waitingforthebus?
Thanks! I love yours too! Did you make it? ;)
So full I look like a bloated pregnant woman.
i called finical aid at buff state and they told me tuition is a lil over 3000 and that i have more then enough and if i wnna
Kudos to PowerPoint users who just put up images! No text to read = me listening to what you're saying.
I want to see pictures
I find it engaging that most folks arrange their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
lol . Ms.oatmeal , ohh that sucks -.-
I'm in need for one. If interested, I'd love to see some of your work. .
El Cajon business owner Ben Kalasho, who ran for council in 2010 (and lost), speaks to council to "present myself as a possible appointee."
Justice Jorgenson presents on e-environment in ILstate courts: beginning w/ CJ Kilbride's words in June 2011 press release
Finally you asked me out<3
I'm tickled to have new Dunkin' Donuts in the area!! Welcome :+D RT : TOP SECRET: Check out
gonna make u shit bro lol watch
Yea EVERYTHING is bigger in Texas. Even damn roaches. I'm moving to Alaska. I'm sure they don't have em there a
Thundered the fuck up.
Eddie and Isaac will be at 's show at The Rock tonight, so come hang out with them and enjoy some sweet pop punk!
its still in the books for me brother, we'll be okay.
Ironically the original flag of the Confederacy is now the flag of Somalia
Out today on beatport: Raoul Zerna-Love The Things You Do and Damien-Boogie Beats vol.1
A little closer than I would have liked. Glad you had fun watching the Nats reclaim 1st place
Horrible information has been released about what happened to the Powell boys before they were killed by Carbon Monoxide Poisoning yesterday
Have you ever put FUCR into google??? lol I like the one about Cannabis and hemp! the other one scares me!
The Coliseum and the Islanders are a top priority. Losing them and all that comes with them is not an option.
Harry Connick, Jr. turns 44 today. I love him. I think he's a good person and very talented.
Floyd got Justin b and triple h walking in the ring with him. Moneyteam all day
Squirrel!! Lmao...that gets me every single time. Anyone who's ever seen the movie UP knows what I'm talking about.
check the group
Get your bass saxophone on tonight with Miss Cherry Delight & at 8 pm. Best hot jazz in town & just $10
don't know what the "wall" is. I do stories occasionally about the Trinity Cafe & try & keep in touch.
if you're out there, give us a follow! i'm curious to see who uses this crazy twitter thing.
Getting ready to melt some face! This winter break was far too long...
“Sex is kicking death in the ass while singing.”
Thanks for the tweet, Tracy! We're getting excited for National Walking Day next week!
android for now.
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward.
q Rico papa!
Good Morning Everyone :)
iPad3 is 4G, great for the US, damn what are we waiting for in France
#PhDStudentPanel regarding librarians 'cold calling' grad students by email to offer services: yes, please put us on a listserve!
Be authentic today.
#ItsBritneyBitch who's in? #Aville come say hi!
": how come - D12" [One Of My All Time Favorite Jams]
Ed has more than 30 years of strategic and marketing consulting experience.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
My brother averages a droid a year. Me, a few months. What do I *do* to them, you ask. they fly off my bike, get hit in rainstorms, etc.
I can't download it! Won't let me find it in appworld... you do it for me? ha
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>ing for a queen for this king sized bed
"...Now I know why he keep blessing me, Now I know why he keep blessing me,Now I know why he keep blessing me...So I can Bless U U U"
tell him to tweet me a picture of his dick
I hope you are doing better!<3
Have fun out there!
#twitteractivity tweet a pic of you holding your hearts up for a special video compilation of the single! :)
feel like watching the Avengers. wanna watch with me anyone? :)
Hash browns found! Eating outside MetroDiner--great morning!
Facebook is on the way out
My head is gonna be so unfocused for the next 3 weeks because ill be focused on one thing.
Officers from 15 WI law agencies are assisting Madison police, Capital police, State Patrol, Dane County Sheriff's, UW police, DNR.
Hope you're feeling better, honey!
Does anyone have one of those "Carry On" sized suitcases that a boy like me could borrow from Monday till next Wednesday? Flying to Midwest.
“: Fuck people who put you down, they're not worth your time.”
Somebody get me a corndog!
Watching UFC & farting my brains out,good times. My farts smell like Cinco De Mayo & hotdog water.
BOUT 2 POUR AH 8 IN AH 2LITTER AND KILL MYSELF!
ill give you a nice bag a skittles if you follow me;);) (not the sour kind) lolz
When I stand or sit next to people, I get a bit paranoid that they can hear what I'm thinking.
can I get a weekend weather outlook in there as well?
Is there any active development going on for b2evolution? Most things on the website seem to be several years old.
Sporadic rain showers and I didn't bring the rain boots today for the very moist ride home. Out come the plastic grocery bags.
#TNC10 25 million people in socialist system, govt operated, with highest satisfaction in US: Veterans - Howard Dean
Lol. Nothing set in stone haha. Just an idea miss!
Today I have the pleasure of presenting our Social Media for Job Seeker's Workshop for San Diego Housing Authority
Love how #GOP blames #Obama and #Clinton for economy but credits #Bush for Bin Laden. Their history timeline looks more like a knot.
Happy Monday All!! xoxo www.kissandim.com
I just heard a siren in the coffee place I'm working at. It wasn't a siren, though. It was a little boy warning me what's comin 4 me
is on the National Mall, picnicking, celebrating the 4th of July & waiting for the fireworks. Happy Birthday America!
Mother's Day is around the corner! What to get Mom? from on right now with great gift ideas
i already knew
Been in costume almost all day since 8am...wee bit woozy.
avatar reminds me of ferngully. to me this is a good thing.
Kenan makes a cute baby!
get at me some time! I need to see you <3
remember when you used to text me all the time? Yeah, I miss that, girl.
It's so attractive when guys actually have high morals and standards for women these days. Very rare though.
Bomb scare NYC at 46th st and Hudson river! Cops just blocked off the running/bike path. In Intrepid?
#pens goal.
My grandad was always afraid of dying from a heart attack. Guess how he died... From a heart attack. :'(<3
I eat it 'creamy'...are you cooking then baking it?
A parent compliment goes a long way. Thanks Annie T. from California, we're glad your son loves his #Trumpet!
Awesome! Keep up the photos so we can live vicariously through you.
still here! finish up! :)
I haven't checked the weather out there yet. Hoping for the best!
im gonna be 16 in 44 days :)
Watchin the ships sail in and out of the harbor,waitin for the right one to hitch a ride with,and there it is..the one you have waited for!
Does anyone know if the chemistry quiz was hard? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Me & are too raw! #swinging #oppositeways <U+E107><U+E405><U+E418>
thanks! RT : Great people doing great things ..
Congrats on the new "position!!"
#MichaelGelb #2011icf By picturing externally you stimulate your ability to picture internally.
I agree. We really need learn how to protest in the southwest
will you buy our music?'
Can it be Friday yet?
Show us your unfailing love, O LORD, and grant us your salvation. Psalm 85:7
Heading home soon. Had fun up here with Teena and Jen. Work at 9am
WTF Wednesdays Tonight at Davenport LoungeSA
MOTHA FUCKIN G.O.A.T BITCH
Take advantage of our July special: $49 monthly group class membership! Take #yoga, #pilates, #cardio. & #kickboxing for $49 a mth
If you're in Pittsburgh, its a great evening for some outdoor dining. Get out and see some of the new culinary additions to our area.
The morning's libation easing the sting of a 2:30 wake up call, erasing the suckitude of today.
no more jumping on the bed!
Watching tv with tony and jake
Awesome pic! #loveit re: Camera Department.. And yes, it was freezing! :)
The Advancement - Sunflower (1969)
Absolutely, unequivocally, 250% obsessed with Don't trust the B in Apt 23 - so. freaking. funny.
happy birthday!
Aww I'm back down to 699 followers again #wHy???
Unbelievable! D;<
RIGHT??!!! I thought that was a little freggin nuts. OK, just checking....RACE ON!! Haha
lol I'm usually right abt in the Pleasure/Relationship department! Haha
RT Good morning ATL make your day GREAT by planning LUNCH at open 11am
fosho unless u wanna come help wash a car
My brain is turning to mush
Thank you! :) re-tweeted!
when you walk up behind me and scare me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> >
you are welcome. Thanks for writing it! Happy Friday :)
...how bad are irregular sleeping and eating habits....
Man, I forgot how awesome the doc When Were Kings is. Thanks, Netflix instant.
Loving my life
Yeah!!! Awesome way to start the show! Great job !
ohh Brian is the one that emailed me! Brian smith
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over how many miles of DNA? What's your guess?
Newark's Best Kept Secret...El Pastor Patio!!! Party!!!
Hello. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Thanks for this Alex. Glad you found it interesting. Wish things had gotten better for Jazz in the 7 years that have elapsed.
Those other topics: #art #culture #books #media #writing #criticism #lgbt and more. That's my new plan.
RT Chien-Ming Wang plans to make his next rehab start Thursday at Harrisburg.
We're excited you're coming!
<U+2665> Love your twitter! Very detailed and informational.
Who would you rather scissor? or ??
couldn't agree more "Nights like these are perfect for baseball games...someone #getmetofenway"
The 11th Annual Dog Days of Summer is Here! Enjoy 2 for 1 drink specials on house cocktails at Twins Jazz Club Sat. Aug 7 - Sun. Aug 8!
That moment where you are alone at night walking down the street preparing for a ninja attack.
That sounds delish!
Celtics will kill you Philly..
soon! lol I've been over there a lot lately.
we have to see about gettin you up here inbox me!!
“: #FF because she's pretty & seems like a veryy good friend ^.^” aww girl, your soo sweet & pretty too <3
isn't that game kinda like warhammer?
Lmaoo ill be alright
so poetic. you're such a writer! but i'm pretty sure you made some AP mistakes...
Did you enjoy the gorgeous weather this weekend like we did?! Sunday Funday was a huge hit on our patio!
yeah i will pass
Officially counting down to the school library internship. I'm excited and terrified. 1/24 and the shit hits the fan y'all.
you're too funny haha!
RT : this nigga is in his GLORY right now! hahaha My nigga
Some exciting numbers: has gained more than 600 new followers in the last six months.
People are getting sick of the Newt/Romney Show
agree, but semantics is best left 4 technology rather than word play...#dreambig sounds better than #envisionbig.Touche!
Missing and Hyperbole and a Half, hope you're doing well!
hahaha I would have brought them back
is seeking two/three interns for fast-paced marketing company in Georgetown, DC. Social media, writing required. DM for deets.
When I grow up I want to but a HUGE house with a TON of land and rescue dogs from the kill line and get them re adopted (pref. pit bulls!!)
David McIntosh Promises to Serve No More than 6 Terms If Elected To Congress, Signs the U.S. Term Limit Amendment Pledge
This Mexican boy just told me i'm fucking cute lol the way he said tho >>>>
Texts btwn me and Mom... Me "Can I use blue Prismacolors for eye shadow tonight for my 80s party?" Her "Better use acrylic." #i<3myartistmom
is there a way to meet you at spin before or after a show for us underage #RPDR #fans ?
woo that what i was waiting for
RT : RT : Don't forget - tonight is the Teen Volunteer Fair at the Hockessin Library. We hope to see you there!
I've wondered about that myself. I notice that a great many posted comments are spamulent in nature.
Thank you for the follow
Kings will meet New York in the Cup Finals. I'll call that without a doubt now.
Met this AM with ED of Bflo Grassroots Gardens...putting our many MT lots to good use, like healthy food. Good work being done in the B-Lo!
"When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt." ~Henry J. Kaiser
Knicks get destroyed by the raptors and the bucks destroyed charlotte!
Did you know that the average woman smiles about 62 times a day, and men only smile about 8 times? Do you agree?
#WOTD: A #Wilco fan can help ya RT : Cool, since no one with a car wants to go see wilco wit! h me, I can't go. Just awesome.
. Great point! That guy's done!
Ignorance is love And i need that shit -Kid cudi
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Well, Julie got home last night from Nebraska (of all places!) with her new toy... A new Corvette convertible!
I can't believe how significant this game feels, considering it's only round 1 game 2.
Since the world apparently won't end before tipoff, let's bring the #rapture upon the Mavs! #ThunderUP!!
no no honey , just no
will be attending the last Tuesday in the Plaza in Healdsburg, goodbye summer:(
love this motto! I will join you in that! <3
“Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.”
never mind. I see paper.li can you profit from that?
Ocala, FL- Need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
i might as well be an only child..
Why does this kind of action happen after the fact~ Americans have been eating this foolishness 4 years!
The alkaline diet and what it does
Considerations that need to made are how to tackle the massive amounts of information being produced online today
I'm also kind of wondering what the 13-year-old pictured is doing in 5th grade.
today should be the day you follow me(:
Yes! +1 “: So awesome to be at ! Stoked to finally get to meet in person! Tweety Got IRL Friends! <3 #BigOmaha”
Perspective check. CNN's "Breaking News" banner is this: "'Modern Family' wins the 2011 Emmy for for best comedy series."
Bb is up again, temporarily. Switching servers was not as seamless as they had implied.
elders/HT's. not as personal, but just as good
you gots to chill. That my shit right there
thanks man! looking forward to some forest solitude.
wow only 6 minutes?! That's crazy!! Oh well, we'll catch her next one :)
this is officially the most boring saturday ever
Woking on an interesting ml training set while watching war games.
so I wanted to tweet both you guys and see what's up with tomorrow. Tiny any ideas? Hahahahaha
Very cool! Happy #FF to you! RT : We allow dogs on our patio! Bring em by!
We believed then and now there are no limits to growth and human progress when men and women are free to follow their dreams. R Reagan
I so which he would remove himself out my life...
I wouldn't have to be so ruthless if you would just back off and get over it.
At least those of us in the 717.
Heading to NYC for Legal Tech; meeting Sonnet there to see what's new in legal research!
Reluctantly coming to twitter.
*clickclickclick* what number are you on now? If its even possible to count that high...
I want a blanket made from Alice Hoade's hair
Do women find other women with glasses more intimidating or less?
love you too sugar mama
#LTBroadcasts "On this date in 1911 King George V held his first court in Buckingham Palace." (5/9/31)
A nigga don't care wtf yo friends got to say tf? Idgaf about nobody input
im going to bed goodnight!
I'm torn ... is it really worth the trouble to make a screen-grab of 10/10/10 10:10 in one hour, or is the real prize 11/11/11 11:11?
Tweeting All Accessibility Champions - Let's Follow Each Other. Together we can "Open Society's Doors and Minds" to barrier free access!
wins the Internet.
Patch the small hole in the roof
#30Rock writers: Just kill Kenneth off already. Geez.
Since it will be the Black Mamba vs. the Durantula, should the game be televised on Animal Planet?
oh, that's profound coming from campaign consultant! Follow the $
hey, check out my friend's new ebook on amazon: "You are a Writer, So start acting like one".
frankie beans is boarding He got to play with Boomer Jr and Stedman today
Need more followers
To the BPO. Director of Marketing
Drinking a Shiner Bock at Love Field.
No doubt -- it's much, much worse in the political realm, where things actually matter. Translate to Gov + Politics
You mean I won't get to see half of Copley's portrait of Paul Revere!?!? But the bottom half is my favorite part!
cant wait to see GCB
Who wants free sunglasses??? Look for us all over campus giving away free btownmenus goods! Ask about us!
I have tasted heaven and it is San Pelligrino Pompelmo flavor.
Guitar amp pioneer Jim Marshall dies aged 88 Another sad day : (
Taking a cold shower<<<<<<<
how lovely and true.
Maybe the most bro-centric press release ever written: "PENNYWISE TEAM WITH XBOX LIVE FOR ALBUM STREAM". At least they know their market.
welcome, lmao ! Yeah :) what grade are you in? <3
Ha! RT ppl r complaining about the snowpocalypse now, but in 9 months when 1/2 of them are in labor, they'll REALLY be complaining.
aye just chill my nigga we just clown ...he over there gettin salty...come on man we sapose to be brothers lol
The power of knowledge...
Can they fit on my 96 Carolla? RT : Damn near bout to give these 26's away!! Who want'em??
None of those sound like anything I would want to do during a workday with my co-workers, except possibly baton twirling. :-)
She aint you - Chris Breezy ~
yo call me
the parade was a blast! Hopefully you caught one of our beer koozies that we were throwing out.
wow congrats! Hope you have that Animal drum set saved somewhere.
I will be tweeting sporadically from the mn gop convention.
hey, thank you! Will you follow me too? ;)
Opening at 5pm tonight, with happy hour from 5-7pm!
Were all the sexy women at mentiion me and say hey
HahahaRT : My son on ,"When he sees or talks about Tebow, it looks like he gets fully torqued!" ....LOL
"I'M COMING BACK. Write it down in big letters". Well what is #YankeesUniverse waiting for...Mo has spoken!
aw I love her I miss u guys so much!!!
“: And just like that it got cold. #LAisaDesert”
J Montero leaves game after taking a couple of foul tips in same AB.
hate to see the price on an authentic. YIKES!
first of many homers at a #Cub. Congrats!
Stopped at a new Mexican Restaurant 4 some lunch take-out. No Corn Tacos on the menu. Too fancy for Corn Tacos, Señor?
did you need to borrow my snuggie?
like what the cartoon version of jersey shore??
CAN'T LIFE BE DRAMA FREE?-I WISH IT WOULD JUST BE FUN, NOT HAVING ANY HAVE RESPONSIBLITYS!!!!!!-DREAM(:NGU
yes another yr but like old wine its gets better the older it gets!!!
: a new twist. Haven't yet heard of a lawyer vampire. This your first book?
Everyone is telling me to get more active so thats the plan for 2012
# Who do u think will win the Semi-Final of Uefa Champions League Reply Barcelona or Chelsea
Lol.. he got a baby mamma now :p
Just picked up some great #books at #samuelfrench on #sunsetblvd. Ah I could spend days there!
"On the Coloured Light of the Binary Stars and Some Other Stars of the Heavens" (1842) by Christian Doppler
Just got a haircu finally :)
semi naked nerd pics will always be my vote. Hahaha
Q9. One place you've gotta go before you kick the bucket?
up and tired but bout to hit the bed...
she's hot!
new ava and new username wdyt?
Alphabetical order #FTW!
Need suggestions for a laid-back, budget-friendly vacation spot for November.
never stop...but maybe take a nap!
Stop beating women.
After dling the new version of Effects from , I downgraded back to 2.7. Reason? I'm not paying them again for the premium version.
check your dms! :)
Got a hot date with the stage tonight- Palms Bar in West Hollywood 9:30PM. I'm gonna wear my Spanx.
Hating this Winnie the Pooh movie. Pooh is a fat, lazy piece of shit. Cc:
Your even drooling :D
Ah!!!!!! He smells like cheese!!! Can someone tell him to shower?
Omg to many kids in one place!!!!
The news is coming... just a little late because of earlier basketball. Stay tuned! I'll have your full 7-day forecast in just a bit!
RT if you thinking about someone special (:
NCAA has never approved of college fantasy football. They can't stop it. Protected by law.
thank you b!:) RT happy birthday to my b yeeee yeeeeee
#obamaFirsts - 1st president with no authentic record of birth
A very successful first read of our upcoming Troilus and Cressida went down yesterday, with the biggest Porters' cast (21!) to date.
It would lol.
Celebrating the life of a Princess to Queen Whitney Houston. I celebrate her victories, a mom,her powerful love for one man, and her gift!
After watching "Social Network" last night...er...um...I hope you're not like that in real life Mark Z.
“: as long as they don't cross my path.” You say you don't have a problem but your statement sounds like a threat
Great! Cant wait to see you! Will be Good Times!!
We're doing good, we are taking this beautiful tuesday off bc of all the shows we have RT : hey how are you guys
Over time, the skill level of everything improves. Poker, professional sports, programming, anything. So trolls will get better at trolling.
I'd absolutely love that tbh:) <3
Why me and her still single,knowing that we love eachotha but its already feel like we togetha
What traditional stereotype would you classify yourself as?
Slow motion for me.
CRASH: Proctor @ Meinig in Sandy
HELLO HELLO, HELLO HELLO LEMME GET THAT INFO SHOW YOU WHAT I MEAN!
“: This nigga on maury said.. "i sleep with my eyes open.. the baby sleeps with his eyes closed so I know hes not mine."WTF lol
Arsenio Hall + Bill Maher is AWESOME
how many scoreless innings did AJ go in his debut???
Hey guys! Follow !!!!<3 Means a lot xx
its already done :) . Do they all follow you ? (:
you could get arrested for that
cb_Mexico thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I honestly don't care anymore.
shit I will do that soon man haha
RT : If I'm walking with my head down and your head is up, why are we colliding?
i just forwarded you my hip-hop recording artist precise dirty version for his single "it's on me"
Only until you realize your worth, will you stop accepting less than you deserve.
SWEENEY TODD at Citrus was incredible! Congrats to the cast for an amazing show! :D
join the club loll
I watched you guys on ABDC 4 times already. you were AMAZING, i love seeing you on it again. <3
lol---mental note to avoid howler monkeys! (unless writing an Amazon setting...) ha!
That octogenarian and septuagenarian grandmothers can cause this type of reaction is awesome.
I just found pictures from 7th grade... Ew.
that is a great picture!
Good morning!!!!
Many good ideas coming out of our placemaking efforts to make the 36th & Falls intersection more interesting, beautiful and SAFE.
I am so excited for you guys. Blessings!
Queen Chief #americahealing U cd not be Indian in 1800s LA. Had to be black or white. Some went white, some black. Eugenics & survival.
Im starting to hate it too but oohhh well!!! so what part of india are you from?
#sxsw #Startuplife likewise!! See you tomorrow at cereal bar!
Photo shoots are so much fun! (:
missed you too I've been sick all last night and today :(
#Fact: this life we are blessed with living everyday is too great awesome enjoyable and 1 of a kind for us to waste it! Enjoy it!
Finally colored my virgin hair
Well, I think my marshmallow war strategy was extremely good.
We're geeking out over the Apollo in our studio right now. This thing is pretty amazing.
Maybe they're setting the stage for him to return to Punk'd.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :(
What Pasco County city was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film industry in the 1920s?
sorry I know nothing about that
Blessings are gods reminder :)
In honor of the manga that shaped my writing...my heart goes out to the people of Japan today, the 1st anniversary of the Tohoku quake.
awe thank you so much! *big puppy hug* :3
Where's the line between courage and stupidity? And not just physical courage and general idiocy? I'm not sure I know...
OMG, when I get home from winter it will be ramp season! Yes!
I guess it's her time right now and not mine. *sigh* :-)
I know! Had a nagging injury the last week & on Friday I had a contract obligation! I'll be there tues, wed & hopefully fri
#NP Say My Name by Destiny's Child
At least you don't have to pronunce anything beginning with the double "L" sound in Welsh. That's the hardest!
Ah hell nah, my mom just called my dad boo boo.
Does anyone find Winehouse's death odd?
"...his shelves/ A beggarly account of empty boxes/ Green earthen pots, bladders & musty seeds/ Remnants of packthread & old cakes of roses"
Hold it down for us in MA Big Deion. We're praying for you. Lights off!
Good news! Woodfish is completing the final mastering process of our 2nd album today. Songs 2 b released online thru Woodfish's website soon
A half hour into the drive home both of my girls are passed out
My moms still isn't back from Puerto Rico....
Let's go flyers need this
saw jim monday in Nashville - what a great set!
is selling Kind pints for $3. Help them kick that keg tonight!
and it just struck a nerve with me.
": here's to the kids who avoid going home at all cost."
We've had a great response to the special Katie. It should be available soon on our regular menu!
Lol me too. That works!!
The guest is Rashida Jones, Quincy Jones and Peggy Lipton's daughter.
all eric does is fuckin flex
Interviewer : "What's the mean thing you've ever done?" Liam : "I didn't say 'bless you' after someone sneezed"..
Congrats to my UConn friends today!
I know it's been a minute.
Don't forget, tonight at midnight, we'll be on The Katt's Local Talent Show!
from the looks of it nowhere
I must be in Spanish mode. I just called a number because it had an F next to it. Fone? Not ehstupid Fax - blew my ear off! (embarrassed)
Sounds cool! Going to be a film major?
25 is nowhere near old. You're just getting started. Heck, half the time 25 year old pay teens on tv.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
Hurray no RAIN! That means it is gardening time! #Madison #WI #Omaha NE#
Agreed! RT : So many hot consumer co's *only* on iOS @ the moment: Instagram. Flipboard. Color. Milk. Quora. Pinterest.
Come over NOW for the Hippocrates Cafe on the ground floor of the Pre-Clinical Science Building (next to the Dr. Mug cafe).
Order sent to Rachael in VA!
Have to tweet something on a personal note, please forgive! Forgiveness does not come with conditions, nor does it come with anger and pain
": Negative, distrustful, fearful, or degrading attitudes toward anyone work against the self.~Seth/Roberts"
There aint nothing wrong with me
I'm In My Grand daddy's, Blowin on that Grand Daddy, She Like Damn Daddy, Boo Man Got A Smooth Caddy... now she wanna
that would be me... I have kansas over kentucky though
applications already sent!!x
the whole point of that rant was to express the symptoms of my illness. Now go do something productive faggot.
anyone know of an app I can use to enhance iM0vie on the iP?
My Grandma gives such good advice, I'm so glad I get to read them in Twitter form.
And the only real bad ones were the ones that he RT'd. I didnt see him RT any of the hundreds of nice tweets.
Had such a fun night with and ! (:
It is an awesome day in Badgerland, love when it is in the high 60's low 70's. Happy Mothers Day to all the moms.
I was thinking the same but thought it was me.
he was in underwear no homo..
There are those who quit at the 1st hint of an obstacle & those who conquer actual obstacles. Which are you?
Thanks! Yeah, it seems fitting to have bday Pi(e) on my bday of all days.
totally agree with wilbon about the Nike response
If I fart a lot. Is it that am getting the flu or is it due to allergies? My wife says it's from all the shit I ate. I don't agree.
Let's go #Bruins let's go!
Never seen a "grown" man cry so hard over a dollar...
hey i am following both of yall so can i have a follow back please
Hahaha what the hell bro
thanks for the shutout :)
Come Park at Peachy Airport Parking. We can give you a VIP Card. Also when your restaurant opens we can co-brand. We r srvng intl
blame it on April
I do freelance graphic design & that's my "real job". I also write t-shirts, write comedy, sell on eBay, etc. ADD is amazing.
LOL! RT : I bet Simon's milkshake brings all the girls to the yard.
Len, thanks for the RT. Hope all is well up in Boston!
ur up early
Get raped RT : Just MOABed one of Wiz's clan members HAHAHHAHAHAHA
I thought maybe you were just trying to shorten it for twitter ;)
i was studyin anatomy && that was only one chapt. && im still not done with it
The BK sausage egg croissant I just eat looked like it walked into a McDs & got the shit kicked out of it by a couple of egg mcmuffins.
That is a BLAZING speed!
We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
David Hale of NLM, crushing it at
i am dressed as a 70s rollergirl, i just took some jello shots, and i am on a party bus.
How people treat you is their Karma. How you respond is yours. - Wayne Dyer
hey but maybe you'll find a cute British boy to show
DONE! You guys are fabulous! Thank you and happy windy Tuesday!
Stevie wonder is my dude but it's time to cut the hair !
Your #Medifast Weight Loss Counselor will work w/ u to choose meals that best suit ur taste, lifestyle & rate of progress
I hope that wasn't a confession by anyone...
People who break your heart are not worth trying to get back because they could just break your heart again
I love black people laughs hahaha
Want FREE Holiday gifts. Visit Santa at Buddy's Rent to Own this Sunday (12/12) from 12:00 to 5:00, FREE Drawings every hour.
Your winky faces are hot.
Fun stuff! We'll have to add to the Holiday Lights website. Thx for sharing.
yea cause it's hard when your her daughter she can say no. I'm not getting over it I'm still pissed
almost got hit by a creeper van at walmart...
Big night for my Aunts, Carolyn and Edith.
THAT needs to change!
Finally on this since I made it like a year ago lmao
Mimosas make everything better. ;-}
glad u like pez which one did u get?
LOVE IT! All winning places, check out Paddy O's for the bar scene, awesome loyalty construct - spend $100 get $15!
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
you're welcome :-D
Just wants my best friend to come home now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Things some women do
Draw a mustache on the person's bird tattoo
seriously - my 3 yr old did that. humiliating!
how do you know they didn't? boom, roasted
King Tex fresh out the lock, grindin the block with new #Valentines mixtape coming VERY soon!
aww you rock!
There're too much bitches in this world.
if i get sent one more recruitment to work in upstate new york i might just have to apply.
Someone that i used to know-gotye so true in so many levels!
Okay, even though, it's a terrible day, happy birthday Julia Child!
exactly, banners on the wall..
Ha. What about like "try to describe this artwork in a text-based social media post with no camera." <- snooze
Yo where the barbecues at this weekend nothing but pool party responses .....le"go
What we create in our mind is what we paint for our future!
Will there ever be a way for server mods to add custom blocks without the need for players to have the client mod?
Don't be that person with the greatest looks but the most horrible personality.
lol ok ill be nice
Are you a Records Clerk who is a team-player with a personable attitude? Our client, a government contractor, is looking for someone like y…
Such a big fan of Apple Jacks. Always have been.
No need to thank me. If I RT is was my pleasure. Have a great day.
The chemistry test grades are on Edline. LMAO.
10 more minutes of #80sThursday! Finishing up with Van Halen, Bow Wow Wow, and The Motels.
Put yo guard down girl, put yo guard down
I MISS SAL
Great Event at Marcello's Chop house MDA raising Money and Awareness! #MDA USA. Also a great way to network for job leads for seekers!
Stricker really struggling with his irons today. Will need to make a tough up and down at 10 to stay even at TPC
Want to visit NYC in 2012? Enter our Photo Contest & WIN 5 nights in #NYC! See our FB pge to enter on.fb.me/u6SrRw
Strange things always happen to visiting teams at Heinz Field
why a ravens jersey
Back at 'cha! ;) And I look forward to seeing your work!
Duck News » Blog Archive » All Aboard at DUCK for Massive U.S. ...
It's Friday and we are working hard before the weekend (except for who is off to a chili festival! xo)
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. -W. Edwards Deming
anyone up for a #SuperBowl replay ? i still have enuff food to feed a hundred people !!! LOL
Just climbed a <f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BB>
Welkah! Put your bootstraps on!!!
The brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow will be on April 21th,after iCarly! It`s called 'iCarly' and it`s so exciting & funny!
me too lol. Got my fingers crossed ;-) haha
Wise people respect themselves because they know their value and understand their distinctive purpose!
we're in babies r us so then we can meet up
now you're just somebody that i used to know.
As much flack is I give Siri she's quite helpful… Sometimes
it's a damn shame
Not Really
can you bring your fondue pot? I'll get/make the stuff to dip in the chocolate
Reminder: Meeting tonight @ 7:30. Great time to be come check it out or become a member..hint hint
Woohooo watching the
Fact: Some of the most annoying people in the world shop at Whole Foods.
Good lord, this The Five show on Fox News is terrible. it's like they took their cue from ESPN: talk a lot, but say nothing.
Thanks for the shoutout!
< lol boy u crazy!
+ what a perfect sunday
I’m always afraid of failing. It’s great motivation to work harder. - Mark Cuban, Co-Founder of HDNet
it'll get good! In so happy I'm in a story like aobdkaydiauns THANK YOU BO <3
Gentrification on a global level? Can't even stop it at a local level. Sad but true....organize, prepare, be aware I guess.
#TXLege #VoterID In Vegas, they pump oxygen into the casinos to keep people awake.
Pb and Jay is diggin at the Junction South Boston
I love coming home to the sound of fried chicken <3
housing hunters call an sister up looking for a place suck
And the Cubs take the lead on a STRIKEOUT! Go
thank you :)!
I hate waiting for the cable guy to get here. I feel so alone without my wifi...
“: Vanilla yogurt + granola w/ raisins = hippyish, but yummy.” add blueberry and bananas and I am there.
People working in education know human nature the best. Educators rock!
SHOULD DEFINETLY FOLLOW ME!!!! On this fine day! PLEASE!!!:)
Congrats on your new project 8 Count! I hope to come in and meet you and Hieu for the bad dancin' host.
Q.6 What's on your culinary wish-list this year? just looking for stainless popsicle molds!
Headed to the FSTA (Fantasy Sports Trade Association) convention today in Las Vegas through Wednesday. Look for updates daily!
The Rangers are stressing me out...
Ever since I found this 2009 scrapbook, I've been in the mood to do more.
TRUE BEAUTY IS SO NOT COMLICATED.
<U+FFFD>May the bridges I burn light the way.<U+FFFD>
I fully support the NBA talk. Wish you did more... But that would require us actually having a team. Sigh.
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy , Dont jump on someones lap and frighten them lmao and dont hit them haha. Yes iv done that .
Mediocrity sux and allowing it to occur is sad!
Happy Friday Tweeter. Hope this weekend is as good as the last!
Needs 20 followers! Follower her pretty face.
hehehe we are the studliest spies alive
LOL. Sucks to be you
I've becomee a person , who gives it her all .
Stop that. And look to see where the ball is. Please and Thank you.
congrats Lady Aztecs! Mtn.West Tourney Champions. city of champions? Quite possibly!
eeeeep can't wait baby! Im bringing my lives savings with me lol
Cuz he know that it be a rap when im ridin it from the back . oh wait lemme see your phone cuz all them bitches is ratchet.
Note to self: take care when photo-ing just knees doing a hilarious dance. The resulting pic may appear like something else was the target.
Too soon?
Darn, Katie. Hope your day gets better!
I hate spammers. Quit tweeting me!!!
K... I give up I can't do a hundred tweets in an hour like some of u tweet heads...
yaaaaaay! i have mucho experience babysitting newborns, FYI. just saying. ok bye. xo
I was Joan of Ark in my former life.
many would argue that "quietly and privately" goes against a core mission from the gospels: evangelize the lost. Unfortunatly.
I just honestly am not in the mood to talk to anyone.
RT Most A&R's can only get u a placement if ur music sounds like everything on the radio. Be original vs. Compromising for a check
Thank you, son. You are an amazing man of character. Keep living for the sake of comedy, by God's design.
Weird Day, But Fun!! :)
! RT : I support Darien Brockington and his choices regarding his spirituality but I wish he was still making music.
no hate
Excited to hear from Jordan Boyd-Graber next Tues on topic modeling. 12:30pm (MT )
In those Fly Over States <3
p.s. you ladies always get WAY more kick-ass boot styles than us chromosomaly challenged men ;)
Just submitted a fix for the "airplane mode" error. Awaiting review from
White skirt + orange pop = don't mix
We're OPEN for business! Check us out, VACOEDS.COM!
What "world" series? It's a myth. The baseball championship of the Americas outranks a national baseball championship between league teams.
AND HOW.
haha well it'd be different if you started when you were young, you know? but yeah...these guys are amazing.
Sometimes its good to be out by yourself. You get to relax and don't have to deal with anyones bullshit.
National commercial audition this morning. All digits crossed! :-)
Hey, Pat, if you get injured from the diarrhea flying out of your mouth, it would serve the right.
RT : is waiting to record the Mostly Comedy podcast, with and Good times.
no nothing is wrong
Making the Printing Industry Affordable For Everyone..Banners,Magnets,Ebook fulfillment,Invoices and much more.....
Congrats!! I've lost another 1.8 lbs. That's 12.7 lbs this month thanks to and
Hey guys what are your ideas for shirt designs?!
Indeed, hope all is well, cheers mate! -CK
The perfect fan backstreet boys or music of my heart by NSYNC and Gloria Estefan
I'd like to have my brand involved and maybe even my artist on future events.
- why so buggy? Rather than launching new products, can you fix the ones you already have?
Doug Reside on "Becoming a digital curator for performing arts"
The world is out of
Eenie meenie miney moe, you aint nothing but a hoe, you think you're cute, you think you're classy, newsflash bitch, your fucking nasty.
Sorry for the lack of content guys. I assure you, we are still alive. Just lazy. Stuff coming soon.
Biggest female badass: Michelle Rodriguez.
Anyone else have trouble with godaddy web hosting? I lost all my site content even tho I backed up, and I have email problems daily. :(
Ha ha ha. I'm waiting til someone else figures out to get a tutorial.
Time for the Friday music question. Surf guitar legend Dick Dale turns 75 today! Favorite surf/beach music?
Great news! Maybe a sign that the economy is starting to turn around and generate more work? Let's hope it's a positive sign!
please do! And I'm going to your homeland this summer!! Im so excited hahha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7>
I wish I were half as frat as the 1% :(.
Only one Answer! rel to Hot TrendsMore Tweets
Don't text me if you have nothing else to say.
ah too many video games!
Shawn and I got dressed up and are at a fancy hotel bar for the hell of it.
Dear , I will be your devoted #cookie customer so long as I shall live. #Macaron heaven. THANK YOU.
You gettin' your Deep Purple on at work?
Shouldn't that be pretty much true of anyone and their performance? Thank you high school art for teaching me this.
Trying to make new music. Overnight success takes 15 years! My time is coming..atleast it better be
There's a difference in promoting a d annoying the sh*t out of everyone.
The cheese buffet was not as impressive as in the past but still enoyed it
I was the one who came up with "Filthadelphia."
Is there any documentation / tuts on using less 4 with compass? I'm new to sass & scss. Not sure the "read me" on git is enough
Me too.. Good Night!
49er Pro Blow Safety Dashon Goldson was not taught how to tackle in HS, College nor the NFL, he was taught how to tackle in the 6th grade.
Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Good to know we have fans on Twitter! RT : Oh, is here! <3 your stuffs! :)
It's National Merry-Go-Round-Day! Celebrate with the Jellycat plush Merry Go Round Collection. Ponies, lions, and owls OH MY!
It's a good thing is right down the road from the AAC. Got to have a few beers before
"Are We All Khaled Said" Social, Media, Dissidence and Participatory Governance in Egypt - Adel Iskandar
Niggas whinnin on twitter because they struggling to keep up with the new fresh competition. Lol, These Old Niggaz knees gettin bad.
Kristen Stewart always looks like she just sniffed a fart or is trying to hold one in
hey, how is she doing?
i forreal love you
Pictures R deleted, her book is deleted, number no longer exists in the blackberry but in my heart she still remains.. Moving forward
Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale this Friday 5-21-10 241 Drinks gonna be epic!!
Oh wow… My dad just offered to let me see all the old letters my mom wrote him when they were younger… I don't know what to say...
Duchess is missing ):
To celebrate their 15 B-Day, Boloco has free burritos at 1080 Boylston St. Boston. Say thanks by making a donation to LIG Playmakers!
I really want a Scott Walker t-shirt. Is there a place I can get one beside buying online?
#CanIBeHonest tired of double standards! Why can't white folks use the 'n' word? Lol Like what up my ninja? Crazy ninja! Ghetto ass ninja!
& will be out of the office all next week! We'll be live-tweeting from NALP's Annual Conf. in Austin!
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. ~Thomas Jefferson
I'm gonna scream!!!!!
No eating here tonight. Woo. No eating here tonight. No eating here tonight. You're on a diet.
I got off work 3 hours early. SWEET! Now I can spend more time cuddling and watching Ghost Adventures with
Focus on getting things done no sleep and no slacking to achieve the ultimate dream. #NoTimeToSleep#
follow? c:
How do u put pics on this thing?(: plz help
I will be spreading the love for from #spiceworld2011 today... Good times!! RAWR...
Sitting next to a music industry lady on my flight who helped Bieber, Jonas Brothers, and Taylor Swift get big. #menext?
the 'Reptilians' are feeding off of Manchester City fan's pain right now lmao. #Phillyphans know how u feel tho,
“There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.”- Nelson Mandela
"It is a terrific team with a lot of talent and I look forward to doing everything I can for us to reach...Stanley Cup." - Vokoun, 7/2011
Property Values: Real Estate for $800,000 An 1840 house in Providence, a Spanish Revival in San Diego and a Queen Anne in Nashville.
has no friends ...
"trollhunter" is fine and all, but it could use some boobs.
Attn: Museum gift shops, cultural/ historical venues...consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your gift shops.
152+ to 81+ minutes #grizzlies have led clips. Wow.
#Republicans are crack heads when it comes to #Oil. They can't get enough & don't care who they hurt.
RT Going out to Fallbrook Winery on Sat to watch estate grapes come in (Dobson's carries Fallbrook's Sleepy Hollow Chardonnay)
Tiz true. Tiz true. Someone should go to DC and take over. Nows a good time to impeach!!
pottermore is amazing. i'm in gryffindor. ;D
they go ham, i go gray
haha if I'm ever there I will take you up on that offer.
its not the greatest but at midnight i think it does the trick ;)
In elementary school, when you were line leader, everyone else behind you was your b*tch.
So distracted by the awesomeness of the I let my daughter spill my beer!
doesn't look promising in Baltimore ..
Do you mind taking some pictures of the arena or line? Thanks it would be much appreciated if you do. Whatever you can get...
any chance we could get and on NVC today please :))
Your Mayor is feeling fine this Saturday morn. Heading out to walk in snowy Grant Park and gaze upon the handiwork of Big Bill the Builder!
YES, Fear the Deer..... did you watch on that busted TV or were you in ATL? How is the TV working now?
I want some chinese food
bitch I'm back on my grizzy
off to bed. so happy about the trends! love you always forever young :)
Haha. why's it stopped?
Ever since Six Feet Under was cancelled, I gave up on television. I just watch Maury and Steve Wilkos now. Ok, and Khloe & Lamar.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool. - Lord Chesterfield
#StuPidasso Bout to go ham
RT : % of rapes reported in the U.S.: 16. % of conviction rate for those rapes: 2. (Let's let this sink in for a moment.)
Flight delays = streaming Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize on netflix
Hey , cap quickly before Ireland does.
Shouldn't you be working instead of twitter patrolling?
this marks the beginning of a new, huge sports rivalry between the #canucks and the #bruins ...
Yes, the online store is being worked on as we write. I am pushing the team to make it happen now!
Same! RT I haven't stopped listening to
Cuddling mood....
Misty's my new best friend. She hurt me...but a good hurt. My shoulder still aches, but soon it won't. Thank you!!!
I just died in tower of fortune. My hero was strong too. All the way back to the start. RPG + slot machine + 8 bit graphics. Awesome.
We're trying to grant Wish #9! Call 228-1099 to donate to the Make A Wish Request A Thon!
ouch! but yay nitrous!
i dont like the new twitter :(
Happy Birthday John<3
Wondering how late the staff will be for their shifts today?
- yeah! so glad we met. best to you and the twins too!
Life is full of Adventure. There are #resources all around that can help you if you pay close attention. #Insight, Baby.
anything you say you are , be about it . dont speak it . you are bus trying to convince everyone and your own self
Peaches doing her take on the Flashdance 80s classic, Maniac! #nowplaying Moullinex feat Peaches - Maniac
Be sure to "like" us on Facebook for my city specific updates about
#Protest in #downtown #Portland City Hall 3-10-12 to #support the #Tibetans in #Tibet so they can be
Great to finally connect. Appreciate the time and this is Rich over at Dream League ->
Good morning!! :) 10 more full days of school, 9 days of testing left :)
Thanks. I changed password.
You replied to my tweet with 1D lyrics talking about 1D lol
I just finished updating to Timeline. I have had the same glasses since 2009. Guess who is going to get new glasses after work tomorrow?
Retweet if your bored!!!!
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
now all i can think about is how much fun #zumba will be.
no! I swear I went to your twitter to stalk you c; and it said I wasn't following you.
Let's get it started next week #nightowls. Long season ahead to be #kronum K-Rec contenders.
HA! You already said it! :)
debt is much worse than you think it is.
Congrats to you! Do you know of other Bay Area finalists?
Make Starbucks deliver. You're Patton Oswalt, dammit!
Tehran example shows the foregrounding of political protest.
IMHO this is a white Boomer thing, but I also worry Gen X will replace this with idea that Reagan is year zero.
True. So I guess I'm still safe with that *one* thing in common
Knowledge is power. So be powerful... Learn something useful every day. #educate yourself!
I want a tattoo. (:
heh. #guilty RT : Post some more song lyrics as your status. Someone will eventually understand your struggle.
Im going to start ending all my sentences with words that end with 'ing' and puting a lot of emphases on those words.
Why not use Chrome? I only use Firefox when I need to use myUK now.
#mybiggestproblem ... thinking too much
Nothin to stress over today execpt happiness :)
Hope everyone is having a wonderful productive weekend! Time to read for now, stay tuned link should be up soon.
This a.m. , Pres/CEO & chair of , is on 's Lake Effect talking MKE's Summer Youth Employment Program
Do you ever watch Prime Minister's Questions on C-SPAN? Turn on now, if you can. Enjoy!
It's better off dead than 2 be a beggar - The Bible
I feel I've seen an incredibly abnormal amount of dragonflies in the city/suburbs this summer.
SUPER SPECIAL!! The first 100 people to comment on our FB Page question will get some really great gifts at this Thursday's REEL ROCK!
Math. RT : I don't know which TAKS I take tomorrow. &amp; I honestly dgaf. Commended.
Working on awesome video this week!
last years final. NYR/NJ in the ECF. LA with a chance at hockey title. Two years of NHL popularity explosions?
hey its the meaning of the holiday that counts (just as much as the pants)... i think you're in the clear :P
nice question about what, exactly, the anti-assimilationist novel was anti-ing!
My bracket... Dunzo.
"Life is a series of sales situations, and the answer is no if you donâ<U+FFFD><U+FFFD>t ask." â<U+FFFD><U+FFFD>Patricia Fripp
RT : #Ohio Senate Pres. Niehaus looks to pass pension reform sought by retirement systems before summer break.
RT : PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Snaps Losing Streak; Rises 6.3% In 1Q - We BUY
I did great in the last game I just think the team gave up!
He found the load ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
If I ever bet someone that I would be on TV at the NFL draft before my sister would, I just lost that bet
If Your Phone Vibrates At Home , Yu Barely Hear It, '& If It Vibrates At School Its A Damnn Earth Quakee. Smh.
So its Fathers Day,and i dont even get to spend it with mine because he got called into work,But #HappyFathersDay to all the amazin Dads!!
Dm As an entrepreneur you understand difficulties raising capital. For Edu most only support non-profit. How can we get help?
haha no problem!
darling...is there ever an intentional one? :) my question is isn't it uncomfortable??? Free your love handles ladies!
Dear Math, I'm sick and tired of finding your 'x'. Accept the fact she's gone. Move on, Dude!
Tornado reported in Forney right now. Headed to Heath, TX. Take cover, use emergency plan now.
Really thoughtful post. I understand your decision completely. I'm sure you have great Kane tag lines available at your disposal.
Fritchey to Clerk of Circuit Court rep on transfer of funds: How you justify your budget depends on what month it is. // Yikes.
: I'm signed up for twitter
Does anyone have a cheap but reputable place that does VO demos? The place I used to recommend closed!
So has a #Pirates tickets giveaway going on. Follow them and get your favorite #PiratesMemories together.
Someone take me to Dania Beach please
found three grey hairs and got called ma'am all within an hour.
I'm good. Been following Ignighters pivot. Great stuff.
Sent to the principal's office already, but I don't remember why.
Thx for the tweet
I feel you next semester you will b doin what u love to do...
If this new Tebow trade rumor is true, let's be honest. Do you REALLY think he'd even consider going to the Jets over Jacksonville?!!
Congrats on the MANDI award! Well deserved honor 4 such a wonderful project!
RT I know you mad but so what I wish you the best of luck, so now I'm finna throw the duces up..<U+270C>
Hi guys!, how r u?...i'm happy i don't know why (:
Love your name! I have a 13 month old Kenzie :) thanks for the follow. Happy holidays
I love you.
Sure, that's fair. But without those mistakes you wouldn't have the depth you have :)
Thanks. Glad he won, but I would've liked a finish.
LOL Ok, that's totally going to be my goal! When's your first ?
does their tear gas smell of maple syrup?
Why does some of my family feel the need to pack their whole lives on vacation? Just the necessities....
Pants on the Ground, Pants on the Ground!
I'm sorry, but LOL.
Molaro: Chicago Public Schools dropout rate african american males is 85%
Johnnie's beef
send them back and get a new size! ;D
a long hot shower & a good night's sleep sounds so perfect
what u got goin on today n tomorrow mann
stfu you suburban white girl from Miami you're embarrassing yourself..
$4.15 for a gallon of gas. Looks like I won't be eating for awhile -_-
Day 2 of organic only food .... So far it's not that bad
*understanding nods, hugs, wine, chocolate & a good cry*
Thanks to the City of Philadelphia, and SALT for providing tax workshop support and panelists yesterday. Great job!
I know people change and these things happen;
RT just working, what's going on? <> same here ...wat u working on??
Finishing up RfKS posters catch em on campus tomorrow.. What you think of the QR?
studio bro..Putting in work bout to leave soon
thank you. Stacy was very helpful and a pleasure to work with!
I Told Him To Be His self.... Now That I Think About It.. I Guess That Was Kinda Mean....
Dear Wisconsin weather: Stay like this please. Sincerely, everyone.
Woopsiiieee, didnt mean to send that today :d
@ Torrey wat system?
If I could find a guy that was my type from head to toe, inside and out, I'd suck his dick to sleep everynight & wake it back up in the morn
No she shouldn't have, but that's what some people think they need to do to escape the pain of all the hate.
Same 2pt conversion as they did against green bay, but off tackle rt...awesome.
Your play-by-play is giving Paul Allen a run for his money. :) Best of luck.
Happy New Year from our family to yours!!! Stay tunned for upcoming events for 2012........
so I bought silver support and finally got a response...
lol.. y is it lame? and vegas ain't so bomb either it's to damn HOT!
"What they taught me how to do in art school was to see." - Bob Schwartz ('73 industrial design)
It has suddenly occurred to me that it's time to write another book.
Unbelievable how productive you can be without a building full of rambunctious kids! Teacher Planning Days are so quiet
come snug
I'm bored! :/ so how is your day going?
Okay, I'm finally mapping out my plan for #SXSW. DM me if you'll be in Austin too!
DONT SLEEP ON ME, IM NOT A SERTA, IM CERTIFIED!!!!
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. Aristotle
#MySecondWishFor2012 is for to either RT this or follow me.... Because its 6:27 am and i havent slept and yea(:
thanks for the great night at WinStar! You guys rock.
Almost 200 followers. to have #RYV #share your vid, just add and we will tweet it. also, we #follow back to our followers.
Really hope I can go tomorrow and get my phone sorted out!
Explained Dewey to my dad when I was home for Easter. He asked "Are there such things as card catalogs anymore?"
SO MUCH FOR SLEEPING ALL WEEK.
I absolutely love this!
RT : Q2) When I choose an educational presentation and end up attending a vendor or consultant sales pitch. #lrnchat <Hate that!
I've often thought about how they monitor that. Safeways usually have a "pit boss" watching people.
Who plays a show tomorrow on main stage at 11PM? Missing In "FUCKING" Alaska does! BE THERE!
Financial Aid for Study Abroad info session Tomorrow October 20th at 10:00 am in Talley Blue Room. See you there!
All of StoryCorps is 25,000 hours of uncompressed WAV at 17 TB. Not such a huge disk array for something so big and valuable.
really? that would be awesome, thanks! I really really need one! haha...
#FOLLOW cuz she awesome! When u do tell me for 3 #shoutout s !!promise!! I follow back!!
I feel like a slice of butter melting on top of a big oll stack of pancakes - pineapple express
Always classy, Rodgers said he was honored to be on stage with a 4-time MVP - Peyton - and said he looked forward to seeing him play nxt yr
Somethings never change, hard to live up to my hype
Have fun at
Considering it? Do it! Do it NOW! We'd love to have you in Detroit.
We are seeking a volunteer WordPress developer to assist with our website. Please let us know if you can help!
It's our choices that show who we really are.
More than a little taken aback yesterday when a prominent public health prof defended child labor by saying: those kids have to eat somehow.
pain in the ass :p
“: I just witnessed a car accident. It was truly awful. I feel compelled to remind you all to drive safely
sports media free agency news = tech media firmware update news in degrees of pointless and awful
hahaha I can't help it! I do it for everyone!
RT : Congrats to this weeks #dellSF12 Boston #triviatues contest winner. ! <Hey that's ME! add 2012 shirt 2 my collection
cant rebound
lambvox: I'm a vampire
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.~~~~Bertolt Brecht
To truly love the game, you gotta be a student of the game just as much as being an athlete of the game.
Yeah!!! Party harder !!!
Eli is a king at waiting for applause breaks.
Japan is alright if that is the best they can do. I want to know where the action is.
“: I miss your musk”-- its strong this time of year. Ill mail u my theodorant
you're going to love it :)
I might be a little bias, but AGREE! RT : This. RT : We have the best IT people in the world here at
Come Get Your Laugh On! Oct. 9th 9PM @ El Trocadero in Newhall Yvette The Funny w/ special musical guest Vinyl Soul! www.2crazycomedy.com
#rockstarteacher causes a media stir when he bites the eraser off of his No. 2 pencil. PETP condemns act as inhumane.
*blush* I'm sure we'd be fast friends.
thank u for sayin that cus people are dumb. its part of the game!
Thanks to for helping make #milwaukeeday414 a night to remember!
is now also a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!"
and all the girlies say I'm pretty fly for a white guy
oh ok
Depends on what you make :)
Amazing to notice exactly when a perception shifts.....
#Oscars = celebration of Anglo-American self-centeredness, be it historic (King's Speech), arts (Black Swan), or injustice (Inside Job).
I was kidding..lmao!
Snow!? It's March
We're opening a gig at Bottom Of the Hill in SF on March 2nd.
In the main event, Drake Younger and Jimmy Jacobs battle it out in a Deathmatch!
i feel like im talkin to my self ):
This Would Be A Good Graduation Song.
Quote of Day: "When the stakes are high, you cannot afford to have everyone in the room in love with your plan." Tom Kolditz
no they dont have to donate, it would be a great gesture. hwevr if ppl r buying skittles as protest statemnt that shld stop.
Some of SoCal’s most established breweries will be providing tasters including , , , and !
miss you more!!!!
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty.
I can imagine! Much love and success to you. I want to hear all about it when I see you :-)
Ladies: Please dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
she tweeted selena a pic bday pic actually,which was nt her,bt selena tweeted her and gave her credit.so c got hate tweets (c)
Your right Chris ! They have the makings of a great team.
Hungry as hell
Honestly, I can't even walk my dog without a creepy old man following us around in his creepy old man mobile. C'mon give me a break!!! Lol
Looking to simplify your cash handling... ask me how Corporate Safe can help!
Amen!RT Rawr. It would be nice not to have to drive all the way to Clv Hts, Wstlk or Strngsvl to find some damn Aveda prdcts.
Same to you!
Come tour the Grand Lodge from12-3pm every Sat through the end of March. Enjoy a complimentary bev & apps, while chatting w/our sales staff.
I miss you!
I don;t blame them it was very extreme
Trying to order a good flip video camera for work. Any suggestions?
hood response for no reason
Cold sweats D:
Great seeing you last night! It was a pleasure being your stomache.
do you ship to San Diego?
Roenicke said Estrada was pitching as well as any of the other four, so there was no reason to skip him to keep Gallardo on regular rest.
yes, yes we are.
What do you think of Maguire's Classic Green Chile Lasagna?
Is it me or is Rick Santorum the best way to guarantee Obama a 2nd term?
I had vegan hot fudge sundae for dinner
hahaha I am in FL for the week... Two of my sisters are getting married back-to-back weekends. Play date when I get back!!!
Feel like hooping!
Finally someone will put Tim Tebow in his place. Sporano will use him to run and throw maybe 2 times a game #runningback but move not needed
Getting the day started.
This guy has really got me thinking about everything in my life, damn how are you doing this to me? :)
I heard was the 2010 HSMF Shirt-cocker award winner...
I'm pretty sure it's a full one
Oh! Bubble gum pink lmao... And near Royal Oak. Ever been to Sangria?
Albert ole hating ass !
Send them to my house when they're done!
"you stole the blue horn for me." ~robin "I would have stolen a whole orchestra " ~ ted mosby.
Programs don't build churches, "People" do. Great programs run by lifeless people never make an positive impact on people.
Keep spreading the word! thx! RT : Here's a deal that rocks - 5 classes for $29 + support youth changing...
nUnit, but we're about to be forced onto VS Test :(
The one night I decide to stay in, everyone decides to go out.
Definately deserved!!Such an excellent horror anthology!!
got tebow man
Looking for comments on pre launch www.vendorinmotion.com me and my brother shane meadows are raising money and giving training material to
what is kmrt ?
Dont worry about the people from ur past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to ur future
Nikki Giovanni~ Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts.
Thanks, lady! Big fan of your work :)
No show has ever made me laugh as hard as Ridiculousness.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
Last day in our office, heading down to 375 Hudson. I will NOT miss Times Square but I will miss the 20 minute commute and CRUMBS!
I am the master of destruction...Happy Thanksgiving...
Sounds like the same sort of approach as Except it's in DC so ... not as hip and with it as in #Baltimore?
appreciate the share, will have to try it out
We're excited to make buying and selling as easy as possible.
when I was singing with my wife Jessica sanchez?!
We just won our biz startup competition #SWMadison !! would you be interested in possibly doing a blurb about us??
yet the pirates are 5-7 and the pens are 1-3....neither is good,
brush fire just down the hill from me
As much as I miss the gorge.. For the 1st time ever I didn't even notice my plane landing cuz I'm so happy to b back in so cal.
I wanna go on a rollercoaster.. Never been on one.. :/
Also why would ESPN piss off FSU? Don't have exclusive deal w/Big 12 yet are exclusive w/ACC. Shortsighted. ESPN should have protected ACC
plus, there is patio seating. :)
Every single picture from #Coachella looked like it was being brought to me in Smell-o-Vision™.
wished i'd woken up in Sheffield this morning! #csnl2011 Centre for Study of New Literacies Conference 2011 New Methods for New Literacies
easy answer: be like me and have a coffee pot in your office
haha & no forest monsters bullshit! I ain't up for the dark ass woods! Lmao
Jazzy just silly stringed me >.< That's a declaration of a WAR! ((x
Scottsville Community Farmers Market is open Thursdays and Saturdays, but you can only get a Taste of India and Caromont Farms...
Love the #blackberry update! YES! Finally can toggle between accounts! TY!
Not if you do it right.
People who don't believe #Erie, Pa., needs a community college.
Rick Siskey - Angel investing + effective coaching = Success!
RT : Think as you like but behave like others.
I guess haircuts with a part is the new trend...?
It's Friday, Friday, eat a donut on Friday! Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend.
I really want to get behind you Joe, but you're making it very difficult lately.
Reginald Baylor is moving residency to Open Book in North Shore April 15. His next project is inspired by city's Fresh Water initiative.
Daz Ravage has unlocked the achievement "Purist" in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
i heard this from Urologist supposedly it was just..it being Coaptite....approved for wrinkles but is it better than Botox?
just kidding the goddamn bitch came back
five days and still no response from Leanna
Mike Smith decides he is fine after Shaw gets suspended.
big head
Free Rondo!!
Saunders and Galchen both teaching at Syracuse. Lucky students
To all my single friends: I want to get you laid. Come to #SMSK on 6/9!!! Tix go on sale Thursday
we can sip whenever lol
Im at war wit myself, & ion no what to do
hm...no comment...
O no, not myself -- but yes, Boston is amazing for classical music.
Does Climax HAVE to be playing on EVERY station right now ?
doing great! how about you?
Just finished the #P90X #AbRipperX and the #YogaX workout. Think I will do plyometrics tomorrow.
If you want to feel rich today, just count all the things you have that money can't buy. :)
#grahamforthewildcard is trending on twitter. Don't know the meaning, but thought you'd find it cool.
#netflix time :)
everyone please go wish my good friend a very happy birthday :)
lol what's up
What is the strategy they are going with? The pass was working so they run? WTF!
RT : And on tap we've got tasty Nutritonic and tangy Lemon Ginger Cayenne kombucha by Brew Dr.
You guys are really getting me pissed off.
I just finished a 4.84 km run with a time of 29:22 with Nike+ GPS.
be excellent- then step into opportunities before you to allow the divine design to unfold in your life. ~ such a great lesson
New Orleans wins! I already feel that I have watched the Super Bowl for the year...what a great game! The Patriots had a tough time tonight.
Spotted in downtown Brooklyn: Guy wearing a Harrisburg Senators T-shirt. Almost have him a high-five.
I know :D
i cant believe i didnt think of it earlier honestly.
One of the local homeless has arrived to yell incoherently in front of our building. It's a reliable marker that the day is winding down.
Peter's Party volunteer registration starts 3/1. Early reg available for those who stop by our booth at the PDX Golf Show this weekend!
great app, you guys are awesome... what about a posh party in Vegas?
okay, i can't read anymore. I have work to do. Honestly, that is one of the best comment streams I've read in a LONG time.
you're welcome<3(:
There's no difference between a man with no power & a man with power who doesn't use it. Unknown
4.7 earthquake SE of San Antonio just made my office sway. Was not expecting that one.
thank you thank you!
RT : Love art and academia? Looking for a job? Fancy managing the publication of Tate's scholarly research online?...
may the force be with you
kerrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn your profile makes my head hurt but i like it lls
Rooftop sun tanning with the girls tomorrow...pretty excited! If you're still in MKE come join us! 15 stories up= level 5
ok turned on the toaster and forgot to put the food in
well hopefully we'll figure it all out so we can all meet up
Many thanks Prof. Byrne!
looks better than my porkchop & rice w/ beer. Single man's meal. (Hmm...suddenly craving Sloppy Joes)
Whose idea was this AT&T race break stuff. Isn't this SPRINT Cup racing?
ya know what song really irritates me? we are young by fun.
Off to bed
: Not proud? But it looks like you couldn't stop lol
Find me tonight with my live band doing originals and covers. Show starts @ 10pm free entrance
still missing my cat that was killed by a Dog,But actually excited to be going back to work on Tuesday..PS3 may come sooner than i hoped! (=
Don't forget there's an election tomorrow. We sure haven't.
Whoa awesome dude!!
Enjoying a fresh cup of #oakcliffcoffee the best coffee in Dallas.
I would have if you had told me!
Of course my last day at #TFF would end with 2+ hours of traffic on a full bladder.
you're welcome;)
No one can sing it like Ella.
just followed u. Follow back so I can dm u.
i had the pleasure of serving as "virtual classroom coordinator" for that very course, long ago.
Been laying here listenin to John legend ever since i woke up
hey thanks!
Nonpartisan Wis. audit bureau says fraud hotline got 79 calls in 2001, consistent with prior two years
Jesus Montero goes yard. I knew he would do this
just checking some research, not in the market
you know its truuuu !
Congrats, , on another Indie Next score! You're deservedly knocking it out of the park again, girl!
it's true though I should have
my worst example of bad spelling behavior=sending back a love letter w the misspelled words circled..in red! Age 9
There's nothing quite like a smart phone to make me feel like an idiot sometimes. More coffee please!
Loving the solid gear hit for my client, in Oct' ! Went to high school with cover girl, Heather Morris, too!
Me! Going to fangirl just like Gibby! :D lol
Charge it.
Beginning January 1, 2010, www.rosegardenboutique.com is the exclusive, online retailer for fabulous Canyon Group chenille robes!
Ichiro could get 2 bases out of an infield base hit. #Tigers vs.
I am Shady's son
Hopefully he'll play so good he'll stay when Doumit is back.
Curds and Whey! Anyone eating cottage cheese with their lunch today?
u on facebook?
and an MJD 2000 yard season.
omg lololololol, me.
My abs are kinda sore! :/ ouch!
What's Roger Sterling doing picking up on Peg Bundy?
If all we had was academic talent then most of human achievement would not have happened. ME: how do use this to change ED?
Thanks for the follow.
Two great ways to get tons of reader mail: Eff up the crossword AND make a joke about Chris Brown.
#imisswhen Twitter was all about conversations and connecting. Now, all I see are spambots with tweets that are automated!
I forgot my money for that stupid library book . I hate Ms. Lynch ... -___-
what up girl
Watching my beast it up at her softball game!
Lol, just had to look that up. It's Jade! That's a good jam too. They're up there with SWV!
Why San Antonio & not Austin. Austin is the stuff!
me too! i went with my mom and grandma and it was so special.
After allthis time nstellar performance,Schlereth stillsays"he's not thatbig in stature."#comeonman he's very big in"stature"
Ah, the things I'd do just so I could avoid completing this assignment...
It's game day! Glad I get off at noon today....Who Dat?
“Money must follow children to whichever school they attend whenever they attend it.”
Henry Rollins "David Lee Roth, I will wager is more intelligent than you are and probably most of all of your friends."
I KNOW i'm a loyal friend
I Need You Now *u*
cause i have a pizzelle iron instead of a waffle maker.... yoi.
Watching MAMA MIA this beautiful morning
I'll show you for free, bernsie.
she dreamed of paradise!!
i have more friends than haters
I think Rubio will end up a better defender due to his positioning and active, long arms. Distributes ball better too.
I love your new single Roman In Moscow. That go in! :) Smooches <3
Hello nobody home #niners knocking
Copying Dilbert are we?
Hey there! Half-mast is over sea; half-staff is over land.
the deadline for receiving entries is this wednesday !
: I wanna come home now from talking to you on the phone miss you big time!!
I constantly need to charge my phone
What the hell ... Indianapolis it's haling outside what the hell really goes on lol
that what it say on here
FUCK YOU JOSEPH STUPID ASS MOFO HE GOTS NONE! YOU PLAYER ASS BITCh!!!!
they were excited about the game all day long. Our team does not have great tradition but they are getting better
I WAS JUST LISTENING TO THAT!!!! So good.
Grad school's over. New directives: Get job. Get more involved. Make art. Finish watching The Wire.
Offer services n the Caymen Islands it's a.m. n Singapore just need 2 announe the deal Sweet Dreams
“: Mostly looking forward to ushering your mom down the aisle!” THAT'S IT. invitation revoked.
President declaring martial law....dispatching the National Guard....
Really, right now is there anywhere in the world where there are more Ray Ban Wayfarer type sunglasses than Austin?
Hubster received fancy new light bulb in mail today. I almost told him to send you pic. Maybe I still will.. So exciting, I know.
Enjoy The Little Things!<U+2665>
uh uh cuz yo're suppose to retain your customers....smh...lol
are you biking this week for National Bike to Work Day?
how is he?
Deep fried oreos? Chocolate covered bacon? New cover tune for the grab bag with your Wi State Fair memories?
its open from 11:30 am to 11 pm so u wanna go in the afternoon before my mom goes to aquatica?
#IReallyCantStand people acting all Hard ! Like Bitch Please !
Pretty much a lock that he is OFROY, glad you stuck with your stud!
Thanks, poet!
have an amazing friday<3333
WHAT WHERE I LOVE CRAWFISH. Screw work!
My soar throat when I woke up <<<<
hate to say it, but if you do something you know is wrong, you deserve every bad consequence that comes your way.
I donate to DEMS, Act Blue, DSCC, DC, and PBO. Not a lot of opportunity to work locally in a very red state. Suggestions?
Thx to for the free months worth of premium radio. Sweetness. Programming my all MOZ station now.
yea me too I haven't read the books but the next one should be good At least from what I hear lol
my girl, whats good with you?
pretty sure that's not a state..
Wondering if i ever get a #fb from
In real life people get pissed when I make retard & midget jokes. On here I get praised for it. Well, it's official... real life sucks!
Heading to the West Virginia State capital
Thanks for getting a banner! Spread the word please!
It's a mai tai type of day.
Robert Rodriguez " Machete " to be released September 3rd! and guess what I'm in it. Yey me!
Jealous. Awesome idea by Wish I was there. Loving the atmosphere here at the meet-up!
Inspirational speech given by Supt. John Kuhn, Perrin-Whitt ISD at Save TX Schools conference
then my mom is ghetto
And the teams they beat to get there... every Eastern team seems like it was that bad back then.
Ugh!! I'll let u know if I find out any info from apple, etc.
follow back please
My man RT : Them espn critics can say what they please but guess what. They not playing the game. We gone show the world!
Everything seems to be alot more annoying when you do it!
thank you for such an amazing show <3 come back to chicago soon!
does this mean you will be finding out in a few months?
dude imma make you a sign!
looking to give my mom a spa day for mothers day <3 shes gonna be so happy :) she deserves it!
You always have that one friend that the only thing you guys talk about is other people.
i love ur status.
Enjoyed some delicious Texas BBQ and peach cobbler at #or11. I never knew conference food could be so good!
I like it when girls try to qualify themselves in really long sentences. A few forced laughs and 'likes'. I'll kiss your little forehead.
Nike Elite Youth Basketball. Gonna Be Some Good Sessions For Sure
the place for you to be is at the NHL Awards Show in Vegas next week.
Twitter is being gay.
Tonight's #FamilyGuy warned that #millionaires may manipulate opinion. Say, didn't get a $100m contract a while back?
Cracking up watching on "California's Green" pubtv show as he tries to make a woman nostalgic about a 1980s refrigerator.
lol yeah i know what u mean i do all the time smh! wyd?
NP Lloyd - Street Love...I knew it from da 1st time u said hello...dat u were special
Reverend Horton Heat Show. ...Booze... It's a psychobilly freak-out!!
New work and Travels | Contact us for locations outdoor/studio locations in LA CaliMAY 19th-20th.
If I was a player I'd want him to be my agent. He squeezes out ever dime for his clients.
Night girlie!! I enjoyed it as well!! xoxo <3
I'm shocked our society isn't more concerned about potential underage twix sales.
- can't wait for the show here on 2/23 - it's going to be amazing!
thanks for the #FF shout out :)
I would. You know...if I had a boyfriend.
Football, football, FOOTBALL....!!!!
Time itself is an invaluable gift. It is wise to cherish it carefully & give it away generously. -Maya Angelou
spelling it that way makes it seem totally more exotic!
What do you think so far?
was expecting my first revelation in India to be really profound, turns out the only thing Ive noticed so far are the chipmunks
oh fuck off
Thank you for RT.
aw you da best... Especially for someone who holds grudges
I was going through my TL then I realized everything I was reading was like from an hour ago LOL
Co-workers are killing us with these tasty-smelling burgers from #ShakeShack. Rainy day = no lines! What are you guys having for lunch?
Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different.
Getting to know some lovely support people from INdia.
#UNBROKEN its coming. I just hope your there to witness.
Up for no reason and i have class in 3 hrs.... #Wtf txt me if u go it plz!
Im not in Either of those places but i can get there...I'm a singer lo9okin to get my start...what i need to do???
an when was this like ten minutes ago when she walked out the door?
It's $5.00 Monday! All films just 5 bucks tonight!
#6moredays until gets his braces off!!! Yayyyyyy
sowwey about all the RT's :c
RT : When given the choice of 3 songs, fans choose the one that bemoans having an inability to achieve satisfaction.
Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone. - Cyrus A. Bartol
. on his government agency: "We're fascinated by #gov20 & using it; but we don't call it that, we just call it 'work' "
"Paul Draper wowed the crowd... The crowd often responded to Draper's tricks with gasps of disbelief and claps of approval."-Yale Daily News
Hello Mr Phill
thank you!
It sounds like the team had a really great time at #imagineRIT! They're reporting so many fascinating projects and exhibits!
thanks Ashley! I'm glad you were there for the announcement. You make me proud.
so what u up too today
yeah but hawes is too white
tell me what it means lol!
I've lost count....but thankfully only had to buy 3 bridesmaid dresses! It's always an adventure!
YO! Why is everybody stealing Miesha's username though...I thought it was her again
awesome. Thanks Kendall. Hope to make it to Vegas soon.
Made #pupsicles for the dogs last night and they were nice and ready to give tonight. Perfect timing!
Morning, Milwaukee! Chat up these folks at work!
I'm having dreams that I'm tying to be killed and I blame it on the walking dead and ... That book is messing with me
ingesting complex digital objects is a matter of semantics.
First Gary's peen and now this? I should just quit instagram. You win.
Happy New Year! Looking forward to working with and learning from all of you in 2012!!
Yummy food, that's what I'm dipping! Especially the s'mores choc, good stuff!
I have now seen everything.
Fuck you #chrisbrown ! You stopped being a man when you put #rihanna in the hospital.
All right, time for a six-run homer...
Chris had to clean her house for a week to be allowed to sing with her. Poor guy.
Studies show students want to take better care of their electronics, ie iPads, over their vehicles and other personal items.
Selling NYC & buying LA , & need to fly me out 2 help finalize house choices. Love( after IRS this am this could be love) fabulous clients!
from the way he's been with em in Atlanta I'm pretty sure!
im confused i dont know never heard it :/
Thankful Thursday to new tweeps
Launching Your Home Based Internet Business.
LFF or Planet Fitness?
#SYTYCD was awesome! LOVED Melanie and Marko. #NappyTabs are my favorites!
Finally saw Crazy, Stupid, Love. Adorable.
So today I bought used socks off of amazon. Not your best decision Brody
For a second today (ok prob a few seconds) I thought it was Wednesday. Yikes! It was a perfect storm Thursday instead. TGI (almost) Friday.
@ glencumbie Hey if your still working for work and u need a resume, u can make one for FREE and use the job board at minorityjobs.net
I love you.
concert Damn, they closed 200 level&put me sitting in club box4 row5, I wanted2sit in 207A
The "1 million moms" are hyprocrites. They are teaching their children that its okay to hate and judge people they don't even know.
omg are you going today too?! <3
Story of my life!
Well, I'm going home w/ a foul ball 'cause I don't think I'll have much competition. #thatsminegramps!
Just got my 100th like on FB! Pretty exciting, ready to start exploring wine to create some new flavors.
My dad just sent me an article on Milton Glaser. This is a surprising and adorable turn of events.
I just saw the funkiest scion Xa commercial! the Honda is probably more Amber J's style tho. more bayview-ish?
Send me review when you are done.
I'd be curious to know how many of the ~1000 people on the notification list ended up applying.
so you'll accept help from gay people if you need it but you won't support them getting equal rights? Classy lady, real classy
Will you be downtown this weekend?
. That makes me want to vomit. Any journalist who accepts that stuff is a shameless, clueless whore.
Why do politicians always talk about Pro Athletes? Have you ever bothered to ask a retired pro athlete if he has healthcare?
Strand Events Today: Strand Lecture Series - High Speed Rail - FREE 7:00pm
Best part of my lunch today was the dessert that was put in my bag...didnt know how good can be! Thanks
I arenkt really intoi chatting ever. (Did I get that right?)
lmmfao off she simple...
If I die never having loved, then I die never having lived. Alison
Don't miss Chef Mitch demonstrating Beta's NitroCream machine on Real Milwaukee today!
Cool new stuff coming later this week to a WebCamWindow near you.
I don't get it?? Smdh.. u don't get in touch w/ me because in some reason? That is already done? So you mean to say you WER MAD @ ME??
“Some people want it to happen, some people wish it would happen, others make it happen.” -Michael Jordan
drop a mixtape, call it 'Murder' cause everyones speakers will be killin it when they play it.
Studying....but getting sleepy and a little unfocused. Sigh. I've still got so much to cover!
People @ Trader Joes are shopping like they think the lights are going to go out again tonight.
Great! What part inspired you? ^staff RT : this is an amazing book it will change your life
Well south Florida, it's been fun but it's time to get back to Orlando.
What's the point of cleaning your room if you are the only person that goes in there.!?
Some stories are true that never happened
Hope 2 c u! RT : Good idea RT : Who's going to affiliate summit next month in Vegas? Let's hookup!
Glad to make your acquaintance.
#occupyportland is in effect! Close your account by November 5th. Join a local bank! Or credit union!
They're orange.
I am going to Tomahawk Chop Your Ass Back to Atlanta!
God is good.. don't let no circumstance or anybody on this planet convince you otherwise..
Love Youu Too Buddy.!
That's it. I want my socks and hoodie back. (You can keep the Joseph Smith scroll.)
I like to think you're correct but we get a lot of heat for self promotion.
“ Not even 10 yet and iv pissed 3 ppl off!!” that's the usual you.
I'm gonna be so hot, even yo mama gon' be talkin bout me.
“: I miss being able to wear stud earings, my ear holes are all droopy :(” gauge them :D
!Buenas tardes! What are you reading this week that is interesting?
Incredible Easter with both sides of my family today. What did you all do?
take a shower and get be ready
iReally don't know what iWanna do ...
If you're in the Boston area go check out The Anderson Project at the Cutler Majestic!
I really miss my ed hardy perfume. </3
good times
Of course mann
sorry to miss you too! save the date for our big awards show and party May 3. tx for your support!
Lesson of the Night: #BeStrong. I truly have some of the best friends in the world who are always there for me. Thank you.
Have fun in the Cayman Islands
God is revealing things that take my breath away- o the love my Daddy has for His daughter!!!
thanks and don't forget are FB and website
aw, fun! Love that city. Haven't been in years.
We would've hat-tipped too, but we ran out of characters. (P.S. Thx for promoting Lamb's piece)
Join us at to check out Lionel the jailbird. Show your SBB card to get a dollar off at the door
Beardd guy wit a towel on his head siting next 2 me, were on th same plane going little rock :/ at least if he kills us, i'l b th 1st 2 die
My dad is the first one in history to buy a car with golden dollars
Changing in to my lucky #kubball shirt and headed down to the man cave to get my #rockchalk on.
Really exciting!!!
VOTE CONSERVATIVE for lower tax,no mandates,less regulation, more jobs, more wealth
I just realized that I haven't had any #coffee today!
unity mitford punched me!
Had to retweet you
Well, any respect for you that existed is now gone.
YOUR MUMS CHEST HAIR
Awww...thanks! It's a good cause!
Let em porn stars know asa spades is that new drug around wat dey call molly lol yea im molly pop me i got u up up up up turnt up turnt up
Going to sleep... Finals tomorrow:(
GardenRidge, I Love U!!!!
hi gorgeous
Can please come home? That'd be great. Thanks...
#18conf getting ready to start the national conference. Today with CBCAP partners has been full of useful info
Drake - The Motto - decorations
Thanks for the props! I always appreciate client testimonials.
watching coachella live stream is a nice consolation price to actually being at
RT : By far Celtics vs Bulls been the most entertaining entertaining in a long while => absolutely!
I hope when I walk in the house everybody sleep
#ColdplayonIdol love this song(:
lets throw around some dates and set this up. April?
Tell me again. I will have had been going to have had cared, I promise.
Happy New Year Uptown! NOLA Food Delivery is open today! Order online or call us @ 504-644-3512!
Great idea! RT : Think I will take my mom to get a swedish massage for mothers day
Off to bed I go. Yall know vampires hate the sun. I'll rise when the sun goes down.
Smart phones are how customers are getting to the Internet. 79% of companies have no mobile strategy.
You had me at "Listen" RT : Listen here bitch
for my birthday i think i will write a blog post, then watch a cheesy movie, and hang up coats in different orders #yay!
Trimmed my toe claws. I am human once more!
wish I had time to catchup w/u&T! Unfort my schedule packed. How r u?
Awesome lead in to Nuggets/Lakers article... nailed that one :)
Study now!! tomorrow UTS!!
I'm bored AF!!!
We're building an empire!!!
Kind of assuming that everyone is watching the Packers-Vikings game. Hit us up and you won't even have to leave your apartment to get snacks
Not at all. Sorry. I hope all is well at Trinity. Watched part of Megan and MB's presentation at Educon- interesting.
bus football
Lol idk whose in the mob and whose in the unit but this is pretty funny.
Me : I miss you. Ex: I miss you to Me: APRIL FOOLS BITCH!!!
Ohh I have missed you
Thank you to everyone who helped make this year’s #WestoftheFest another success! What a party!
New fav casting notice line: "tasteful nudity". Do I even want to know why it's tasteful?
what the fuck? You are making me crazy, girl! Reveal, reveal. Tell all.
I hope so when you coming?
I agree 100% about service. It's such a great feeling to help others.
green lady?!
Doing fun stuff is great!
Why am I hot in the middle of March??? I swear winter only decided to make a special guest appearance this year
If you watch all the original Star Wars this weekend, I'll buy you a coffee on Monday. I want to hear what you think of them
I'm just catching up on our new followers - thanks for connecting! How did our paths cross?
Hi Kim! Great seeing you on the One Love Cruise! Your humility astounds me, u are an awesome inspiration...blessings
Jesus loves u<3
My boy is becoming a man
I'm in Mission Valley cleaning up the river with Pulling shopping carts out of the river & filling them w/ trash & debris
Had to read Sun Also Rises in 10th gr English. Drinking & "war wound" were abt all we got out of it. BUT, that's b/c we were 15.
kind of kicking the tires - but they let me drive it home!
Love is forever.
Whatever happened to personalized license plates? I never see those anymore
'only in last 2 sessions' How's that? It's partisan if R's block a D bill regardless of who signs it (or not).
Thanks for the follow Holler if you need us to fix your computer, network, or build you a Webpage. No job too big or small!
Did Jesus rise from the dead to kill Mike Wallace? #EasterMassacre #TooSoon?
It's cool if you like me, it's cool if you don't. It's not cool to be fake, however, so pick one and stick with it.
9 am SESSION: "Color Management & Workflow Process for Wide Format Printing" presented by David King in Rm. B112
has the deepest tweets at night<3<3 I think its his thinking time about how far hes gotten & everyone who got him there
I will do my best for you. I have *been* on twitter for a while, but going to try to start using this account more now
#missingmilwaukee Day 17 goes of course to / what an AMAZING time I've had here surrounded by so much of the clevers!
oh wow! Lucky. Have awesome time. :)
question about the genre dynamic between poetry and nonfiction...
I want in.
I was rockin that 'Green & Yellow' so hard today..!!
Man my family is depressing.
welcome to Club #broke. Membership happens to be inexpensive.
Ah fuck my life >:<
you want them to get in trouble x)
Today's comic *makes* me want a woogie plush. Considering your readers, I can't be the only one.
"she is just asking to be taught a lesson."
One audition down for the day. Back for another in a couple hours - Beatrice in Much Ado About Nothing. Hoping I can break another leg.
Then you have Sephora/Ulta. Clients can speak with one associate and learn about 15 different brands to choose from during one consultation.
And im on that Bull shit these bitches call me Micheal....Jordan,If it ain't about the money then that shit is not important
Send the entire team and organization to the Pacific Northwest. I hear Seattle is looking for a team
Congrats on graduating. I'm happy for you.
XD talk about cheap hookers....
Working today. Enjoy, though.
Amazingly Blessed Day: Rocking new hair glam by Whitney B.! Derby Hat is oh so amazing! Made the Model Roster to walk Dayton Fashion Week!
YES IT IS AND NOTHING WAITING ON EVERYBODY TO GET HERE
Thanks, buddy!
HELP! Any suggestions/requests for the Friday Happy Hour today after 5p? -
What do y'all know about ? Keep watching the stars cause he's sure to cross your eye sight.
one day, I may kill the iPhone! :-)
that would be the coolest short video ever!
I promise I just fucked up my thumb
You might tackle the relationship specialty. Surges of services flex markets to skyrocket their billfold.
A homeless man started talking with me, and asked me to psychoanalyze him, after I told him I was a psychology student.
Sunday Dinner :)
My thoughts were so loud I couldn't hear my mouth. Love
its raining where you going to go silly!!!!!! o_O
Show with Mercy Mercedes on Feb 17th! Contact us if your interested www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
#exponential2012 so excited to see you all too!!
Beautiful evening in Georgetown to do some shopping before meeting for dinner at Serendipity (but WAY more excited for dessert)
Fun cookie/cake and ice cream for birthday
Tonight its all about g/r/an/d in Stamford, CT. I'm spinning Commercial/Vocal House from 10PM-1AM! 15 Bank Street, Stamford, CT
“: BiG S/O to the woman that brought me into this world! #HappyBornday to my Mother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>” hope she has a good one man
TWEET ME A # AND A QUESTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT I UR BEST WITH!
check out if you haven't already, opens may 18 in sf.
boiiiiiiii what up how's jerzzzey
It's the first two lines from my fav poem, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock
Karma is a muthafucka so bitch keep living that filthy ass life,, yeah I believe 100% in all that:-)
lthanks for the
quit before it consumes ur life... at least thats what ive heard...
Having a big ass don't count if you fat. That's jus my opinion tho lol
": foreal bro?" Hell yea wish I wouldnt have taken mine out
That, I can't say. It wouldn't be fair. Just know the most is 31 right now :) Sorry! -Sandi.
too kind my friend.. How was service today? Know you gave a killer message.
I am suffering from tweeter's block. Suggestions?
There's a gang load of coffee...in Braazilllll!
Been hoping for a place like this in SA for some time. Glad UR here!!!
Whoo! Finally graduating :D
Tomorrows Stitchy Sunday will be hosted by the lovely Emme.
Schweinsteiger! #BayernMunchen evens up the match.
Heard on news media "my father was a (good politician) ,he never answered a question he did not WANT to."Good Really ? Plenty good in USA!
Welcome to Gina, Lisa, Bonnie, Sanjeev, Ruru, Sandy and Annette! 170 Likes! Thanks for your support!
o! Jealous.
It was u and Wallace on my team, also voted for u in the probowl. U R the Steelers future, and I'm so proud!!!
So, did you all catched "Beauty & The Beasts"?! What are your thought, plus your favorite part?! Let me know. Xoxo <3
Do you guys not use Spotify? (Probably due to FB requirement, I suppose.)
“ Where a man spends his time shows what he loves.. If he loves u & wants u he will cherish and flaunt u #MANOLOGY”
good luck. You'll b missed. Via con dios
I have to get my braces tightened in like a couple weeks... I'm going to eat all i can before then. I'm so not looking forward to that.
With #lobbyists #superpac #corporations into #politics, #America no longer a #Democracy its an #oligarchy #Plutocracy where
15-1401.1 of IL Foreclosure Act requires banks during residential foreclosures to respond to borrower's request for short sale in 90 days.
I'm really bored, somebody hit me up.
Main! i'll slam all in that pussy ..i'll #BlakeGriffin That ass!
IMiss My Phone..... :/ Somebody STOLE IT...
Can I follow your dad? He seems like a cool dude.
You just have to relax and simply but some small pillows that will support it :-)
aww, thanks! its been entirely too long! hope everything is fantastic!
dale...dale don dale!
"sexting scandal"? just heard this phrase on the news.
My mom set me up for the kill but what I told her got her upset lmao just call it even
Ray Charles also
Thanx! Just finished a 100yr anniversary ball for Fenway park-really printed well, psyched to get it up on the site.
Thank a lot man! You rule. “ : root of all evil is awesome.”
awe, I try to cut her but I couldn't because the picture was going to get blurry.
I'd love to contribute what I can. Let me know if you want to start a Google Doc or something.
Happy Birthday, ! Your music has changed my life, ever since discovered you on YouTube in '08
I have a bit of a temper...
No Shit. RT Trains blow me
Father's day RT“: How about burnt ends and bottomless bourbon for those of us totally stressed out from a day with momzilla?”
a bit awkward but it feels so good to be back
WHAT IS BEEPING IN MY HOUSE
YAYYYYYY those bitches are gone
I feel like I have no one to support me in anything.
don't all journalist have POV? Diff is that it depends on who they're working for. Bloggers don't have such constrictions.
you so much for the #FF mentions. Right back at you!
now we both have l's
does A21 have it set up 4 pple 2 sponsor specific women who have been freed? Like other orgs allow sponsorship of children.
lol I actually liked The Game Plan. Tooth Fairy however... Nawl.
RT : Remember to send your pictures & discussion summaries to Contact for more info
"All I smell is leather." -
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>I will and I love chatting with you to
Have a great weekend.
's invites parents to attend homecoming.
Get ready for a contest to win tix to our party on Saturday! Contest @ 5 PM ET
It looks like I have hit a "following limit"-- my apologies to those I have not followed back yet. I will do that soon! Thanks and God Bless
always an awkward conversation. How to do better?
Great! See you soon. :)
Thoughtfully Built: Esprit Park heating is achieved with an efficient in-floor hydronic system, eliminating drafts.
I hear the hijinks will be at the Westin though...
I guess I didn't do to Main Event tho haha
Fall colors in the Smoky Mountains.
I am Ivan Drago my Theoretical Math final is Apollo Creed
AW! They just got there but I miss them already haha are you going to one of their shows?
o I'm jealous!
Pretty much.
whats up with your hair? x
"Becoming a professional learning community requires action, courage, risk taking, and persistence." -Robert Eaker
what case do you have on your iPad?
I'm hearing #ABC's #TheBachelor will be holding a casting call in #Baltimore this summer..stay tuned!
scary. Why you say F me tho? :(
oh no you have been hacked?
Cant nothing hold me down...I feel like ive died twice over been through hell n slept with a few angels
White chicks with ass >>
I need my Starbucks .
I need a good book to get into. SUGGESTIONS?!?! I love all genres so hit me with your favs... #HELPMEFollowersYouAreMyOnlyHope :)
Hi there! Our quick report is still free, just like always. Are you having problems? Can we help with anything?
Let's spend the rest of our next 5 to 7 years together
that's not MetroTwit, it's a separate client. I tried MetroTwit but didn't like it and went back to TD. Also need multi-accts
money can't buy me happiness? so what am i supposed to give the bartender? i can paints her nails i guess...maybe braid her hair...
getting ready to slam some dilly deli with and
Clare Coleman: 60 providers utilize Title X in Ohio, of which PP are only a few. // Changing the law messes with all of them.
Excited for 80s Thursday tomorrow? Stop by for a special 70s Wednesday playlist!
You rock! Follow Dive officially ! Tell them how much you loved the show at The Machine Shop!!!
#DWTS Wiliam Levy is so Sexy!!!!
Romney speaking at Liberty University today...presumably to baptize the whole audience...
Nemesys is rehearsing tonight! Working on a ridiculously amazing surprise cover song for the Oct. 2010 CD release!
I'm only a lady when I need to be! LOL!!
AND Cinco De Mayo! Today is wonderful. :)
Great show tomorrow (1/12) w/ starts at 7:30pm SOLD OUT! so hope you got yours!
haha ! he would . you should make one and post a pic :)
happy bday man
“ great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people”
Love the intensity King Felix brings. Dude is a beast!
Happy V-Day, everyone! Have a wonderful day - filled with love!!!
Haha, been off #Twitter for a while. Must be one good lookin dude! RT : I found 's twin at Whataburger in Tulsa Hills!
Have a fantastic weekend Gary!
What a day it has been preparing for the expo. Started at 2:30am, and there is still work to do.
Everybody follow
It's alright!
yoo. home skillet. you should follow .. I'll give you a cookie. maybe even a cookie cake. ;)
Brrrr, it's a bit gloomy out today! I think I'll start my day off w/ a Premium Roast Coffee, 2 creams, 1 sugar and an Egg McMuffin. Yumm!
Def. the highlight of the regular season home schedule for us! Cheers!
The numbers are so random...its a 1 in 176million chance of winning
epa needs to go they just kill jobs and america to grow
I love reading my blog every AM only to discover that its rife with misspellings & forgotten words. My editor is clearly not doing his job.
Dynamic spoken word poet, Tasha Jones, takes the Artsgarden stage at 12:15 today as part of Art & Soul.
lmao bruh i swear i didnt even wanna do him like that he was just bringin dumbass foul..
as long as you can flush the toilets...
Forced sentimentality.
Okay, I'm gonna stop tweeting about the Avengers now...even though I got like 30 mins left in it lol
Kendrick Perkins never shoot
Lol, i mean which security guard area (inside, outside, bar, etc)
I'm gonna watch that low blow on replay over and over later! :D LOVED THAT Eve! <3
what's funny is the "other guy" owns
Living with psoriasis, Bothell teen is ready to help others
Thx for the #WeddingWednesday wishes!! Ditto :)
Love the belts. Too bad she is not selling right now.
Broadcasting from Vegas this morning. Giving you some love and laughs before I can relax on Spring Break. Gotta go to work Jay Bilas!
ALL DAY EVERY DAY when are we going?
It doesn't matter what you do in the bedroom as long as you don't do it in the street and frighten the horses. ~Mrs. Patrick Campbell
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good. -Oprah
Aww thanks for the support! Definitely listen to 'Im a man' though...you'll love the chorus!
I'm on a seafood diet ... I see food and I eat it
Since when was mastering your craft not cool as fuck? Growing as an artist and watching your art grow and progress. That shit is COOL, man.
Enjoying my salad outside...and then someone sits down beside me...and lights up a cigarette.
I get one in two weeks. I will model her welcome sign after this work of art.
Pill hits homer, I'm liking this.
Damn you daylight savings time I want my hour back!
bagno e finita_bath is over...i now it's time to wear clothes!!!
yes sir we do!
so how's school?
Jim & I trying to lost a few pounds-I weigh end of day (want to know my heaviest), he weighs 1st thing in morning. Wondering what others do?
thanks for the mention!!
UT College of Nutrition just placed 2 orders with us for events they have planned. I take that as a sign that we serve the good schtuff.
I saw something that reminded me of you.. so I flushed the toilet and washed my hands.
Let's hear it for NY! MT : New York Assembly passes DREAM Fund bill - private scholarships for children of
pitching isn't up to par, our bats go quiet when we got RISP, frustrating!!!!!!
I know lol to panda??
I wanna get out of this house -____-
what's the best email to reach you at?
Im Learning Jayys Part In Gfa
thanks for the follow! Let's go rangers!
I'm just not feeling it today...
That's why us people that make movies are weird because we care about the films then we do ourselves
why would I cry?
actually I really do love it, although in this case, things have gone Horribly Awry.
Its been one hell of a week. Hopefully things will show down so I can catch up, and be back on top of things.
What's everyone rockin' out to during the holidays?
This, too, shall pass like a kidney stone.
Thx for the shout out.
Kotowski kicking off the plenary at
Having fun helping customers pot up window boxes filled with herb and edible flowers today. Hooray for in-store planting!
My new roommate just started playing Put It On Me
Rapist, alert!
Watch for Home Instead Senior Care of Wichita to discuss companionship for seniors during mealtime on KAKE Channel 10, 11:45am Fri 08/19/11
NERD ALERT! Trivia starts in 30 minutes. Here's a clue: the garbage collector was not the wrestler The Roc, but it's close.
Hey #litaforum attendees, keep an eye out for an email with your Forum evaluation. We really value your feedback!
You Are a truly great mom to Austin .., MAHOMIES LOVE YOU <3 Follow Me ?
Madison, WI - get ready for at
It would rain on my day off -.-
This weather can literally blow me
Thanks for connecting! Persons with autism wander, have no real sense of danger, and are attracted to water
got all that penn station money
hahaha only us max
Follow for all the #WHCD coverage!
I couldnt be a gang-member . . . Why would I wanna "repp" & "own" this igly ass neighborhood. My dream is to get the fuck OUTAHERE!
happy happy bud day
My purchases I made today ^_^
Swag swag swag on you <3
O awkward
RT If I could be on Glee I would be Finn's secret younger brother! I already wrote the story in my head #GetGreysononGlee (:
Once you live ya life & stop living everyone elses! Its a Happier place. Choose ya Destiny...
most definitely, if only it were closer...
#headstart rocks - so much fun I forgot to give Chicken Butt tattoos! Come back if you want 'em: Gov. Chambers A until 5:30!
The best way to predict the future is to create it. Peter Drucker
#ff for making me long to be back in the UK:
I wish I could go back an relive the day I heard #FrightenedRabbit the first time. It was a good one.
Being ill is one of the great pleasures of life provided one is not too ill and is not obliged to work till one is better..
You know your happy when your mood has successfully changed into something that you wouldn't of expected it to become..
Me too, Hillary. Me, too.
Just got into a big fight with my brother
haha uh oh!
friends that copy you on everything <<<<<<
Alderman Burris Let me know how long you will be in Houston. I'd love to catch up. You already know who this is...
chill you have swag cus you wear a snapback.
I have already creeped out my English 2315 students with 2 weeks of Freud. Now I to ice the cake I will show them "Un chien andalou."
It took formal choral exposure to grow that for me. They'll be converts sooner or later, then feel bad they ever doubted :)
I have to pee really bad but I don't want to get out of bed Wee :(
Thanks girl!! Glad it's over! I'm sure you will rock your last 4 :)
Dude i just downloaded the new Julia Holter album. Ill have it teusday if you will be there!
I seen your new youtube video : ) you did really good !
Have a great weekend everyone!
I know. I know. That's how we drink it in Belgium. Its called a Belgium Dip.
4th goal this year!!!!
Rah, Rah.. Like A Dungeon Dragon!
Nifty! Tap&Play digital pen/paper enables parents, educators + children to easily add audio tags to their own stories. #chi2012 16AB
Nothing sucks more than when you give someone good advice and they don't take it. Like, why'd you even ask me then?
RT : AP: The bodies of 23 people were found hanging from a bridge or decapitated near city hall in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico
see you when you get to Long Island...good luck on tour!
WHY? MY LITTLE GIRL SNORING !!!!!
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. ~Charlie Parker
Ruthie Powell Edit SEEKING NEXT OPPORTUNITY - VIRTUAL, based in Atlanta Area Greater Atlanta Area Staffing and Recruiting
I've been getting into reading more and more.
what's next for the Great Promotions?
can't complain either. Working and photography 24/7 keeping myself busy
Do not be defined by who the world says you are but who God says you are, beautiful.
call me maybe video
Will you be at PCA? I would like to meet you.
I JUST watched it! Lol try again!
My pleasure
no problem!
“ If you fail, learn, and move on, you're growing. ~ Robert Kiyosaki”
Been on them kites early...
what's good Fam?
just put a few hours in on the court.. thinkin about BBQin now....
Music Artists/DJ's & folks that aren't even sure how CDs/DVD's & USB Drives can be used to grow their business!!! call 888)203-1829 BEST $$$
RT : Had a lovely flight on a brand new Boeing 737 'Germ Tube'. // LOL!
when you'd like silence but would still like for your mind to be engaged and entertained, look at a picture
all the four year olds will flip us the bird!
I got blocked because of my comment. What a joke. Truth hurts bitch.
doing good!! Thank u! Hes getting big! :)
also... I love project Gutenberg as well :-)
RT: This Thursday and will be our #mediachat guests for their 1yr Anniversary of !
I want a dang cig so bad!!! Omgoodness
There is one big celebration going on out on the street tonight by #Pens arena. Had to work in one Springsteen song title.
Nice job on Finley,what does Ted do about trading Flynn now??
Agreed! RT : is pure class.
why are your bar crawl events so awesome? how have you used emerging media+participation to make these experiences personal?
no...I didn't. Was it so funny??
i think im done watching the knicks.. ill pick up next season
Thanks everyone who made today's NYC 90-Second Newbery Film Festival a success! Thanks especially to , , !
Kitty, get off xfactor you annoying betch.
txt me
HBOs slogan is "Go Deeper." My first thought, "That's what she said."
nope I will lol
Me - "You only have one pair of shorts?!" - "They're a GOOD pair of shorts."
What was Marty doing just laying on the ice like that? Scissor kick out the puck? For real?
big day must be coming up soon no?
If someone seriously wants to be a part of your life, they will seriously make an effort to be in it.
my ankle lacks that.
Taylor's half court lob gets rim but doesn't go in. #Badgers down 35-25 after first half.
. Let's make sure we meet tomorrow in the desert!
aw man! I'm so jealous!!!
Music has no color, it's easier to communicate even without words.
hello to me! i'm tweeting at myself. how funny.
Tell your Mom Happy Mother's Day and she Has to be at #Runyon while we're workin on your Rockin Bod!
ADM Mullen: the question is how do we protect our individual freedoms and gather the information required to prevent the next 9/11
Oh, and Marino looks 12 years younger than Jason Kidd
im starving. Come make me food?
Overnight at the homeless shelter. Feeling for these poor souls in Keene; count your blessings
Good morning and happy Halloween
#congresslunch affordable healthcare right thing to do. If mandate overturned, face tough cuts
Dear Scar Tissue,/I want my softness to be safe. - from Black Peculiar :: Energy Complex by Khadijah Queen
So i guess u cant get a bsb cruise ticket unless ur 25. My dream was just crushed. :(
is back on the air for DirecTV viewers.
How many times do I have to whip off my glasses & sigh, before people think I might be The Hulk and keep their distance?
Today people are wasting money while I'm making money ;)
looking for food business partners
Finally drinking my tea :)
The new #LightsOutAsia album is incredible. These guys never fail to impress.
Sitting alone, giggling at beauty and the beast like a five year old.
great! sent me something he cooked up, but moar XSLT is always bettah.
i'd like to see yovani go-llardo (go-yard-o)!
Thanks for the RT, you rock ladies!
thanks for retweets:). I appreciate it!
Wow, the Denver Nuggets came storming back here! Going to make for a great 4th quarter! Beat LA! Beat LA!!
Glad you like our stuff but not at this time!
Since we.doing that
So Excited To Work With Kathy Strand Tomorrow On The Set For Day One Of Shooting For So glad she's back in the 'burgh!
you might wanna come before midnight the punkin turns at 12 lol
Yes! : lmao I was huh?:P
happy bday boss
you're awesome :)
great song
you're my other, much prettier brother.
Thanking for making my dreams come true! love u jasmine hope u have a great night:)
I know. Hey, what do you eat? I eat Fancy Feast. They don't make that for bunnies though. They should.
Frank Shamrock needs to get those braces out, dude looks like a meth addict lol.
Somebody in lobby has emergency broadcast system buzzer as their ringtone. Of course.
closets r stuffy
You do. But not all of them make the FB album. *whistles*
Couldn't figure out why I felt so awful today, then realized this is day one of guilt and self loathing season.
#SomethingIDontHave Time to sit on the phone for 1/2 hr with tech support
We are pulling together some of the staff's fave MOM-ents for Mother's Day! Can't wait to share the touching stories with you!
Astro Game today can't wait! :]
Yay registration is today :D
The funny thing is I'm in bed listening to some Luther!!
just printed 16 pages of notes, and highlighted them all for jacob. i'm seriously the best friend ever.
Oh fuck. I hate car repairs. This just fucked up my next week and a half. Freakin car would've been paid off of not for this bill.
Extra clutch when you get the fresh rice & chicken. Bahahahahah
great round today! I know you got #three more in ya. Sleep by the light of #Sang-Moon tonight, #PlayLikeAChampion tmrw!
heck yes bailey. one of the best!
Glad you enjoyed them, Marilyn. Thanks for watching.
If I had a dime every time someone called the office about coaching sessions, and left a SINGING message.....
Is there a way to send a client an email copy of Payment Received? (Quickbooks Online Plus user)
We're all feeling very zen and relaxed post-hike. Need to do this more often.
RT : RT : RT : Innovation is at the intersection of freedom & discipline - John Kao
Its all about us people! Peace
YEAH BUDDY!
Stay safe out there. Want you around for 2012. It's going to be Beast Mode!!!
Logging off now ... have a great, Karaoke-filled weekend everyone!
Ghirardelli...I've got some Ghirardelli. Who wants some? (btw...it's the 60% dark) :)
Just had an epiphany about my place in the world..funny, it didn't come from me..:P
Great day at the office today! Another new client and 2 new developers got their start at WDG today.
#Giants hurting at #WR need more help
Good deed idea for the day... Thank a vet! RT : Happy Veteran’s Day!
What happened to the writing on #30Rock? Blonde Tina Fey ownz regular Tina Fey now.
happy new year everyone
“: ": you sound like David lol" let him know lol”
1 game at a time Knicks.
My body is starting to lose it. I think it wants to catch up with my mind.
hey--how's oosfora?
No one ever accomplished anything of significant worth by doing things the way they've always been done.
We are now ! Same great staff, same outstanding programs. Follow us at for all the latest.
You're welcome. Since you are graphically inclined, what great designs would you like to see on a wine bottle?
Just listen to 1520, junt is classic.
500 days of summer was a sweet, wonderful, emotionally honest film. recommend it.
What's better than watching recorded episodes of #AdventureTime while eating Hometown Pizza?
thanks for the RT
Thank you &Entertainment for supporting the #ourkidsyourkids for
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Dha Love Of My Life!!
1 message out of today: clarity, ease, & ask. Be clear what you want users to do, make easy for them to do, & make sure you ask.
god help us.
PrinceGod doin his thing over at Demo Kings Studio...sneak peek coming soon!
re: dc's hate on booze. Time to move to the commonwealth?
so cold..
I'm bringing my camera with me everywhere today. It's #FridayThe13th, something interesting is bound to happen and I will have footage!
that's good that u r a g lol we gone c how g u is at the range lol
"Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect"
No one is as On Brand as Kinky! RT Today @ Main Liqour First bottle signing/Kinky Friedman Man In Black Tequila. Free BBQ!
"If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble." ~Bob Hope via
I think i Should Think before I click, :) i have nonsense tweets. >:O sorry for that guys. :)
IT'S LITER NIGHT AT The Anchor Bar COME BY AND ENJOY $6 LITERS AND $5 JAGER DRINKS ALL NIGHT LONG!!! BARTENDING IS JENNA AND SCOOP..
RT : i liked last year's VMA's better than this year.
We all will L. We all will.
Retweet if u love Justin <3
I wish I was living in LA.
thank you so much for the kind words!!! :) I wish you the same...let's make it a good one!!!
: Jeremy Lin is Brandon Roy reincarnated?"lin not drafted. Roy a #6 pick. : similar playing style though for sure
The person wearing the "conservative" label and denigrating "Liberals" is lecturing about not categorizing people?
thanks for the RT!
My Favorite!! And i hope theres More!!
Glad I've lived in NYC and therefore have a for realsies winter coat... it's gonna be a cold game today. Go Heels!
Damn Im Bored .
get a sucka to do it for you
Listening to the cure with my mom, odds are my mom is cooler than yours.
MY FAVORITE SNACK OF THE DAY! Organic Baked Tofu – marinated & ready to eat (). 2 peices – each piece 160cals,5g fat, 15g carbs,…
mid April will be our first test with it-
The top 10 people documented to have lived the longest were women
I have an uncle who lives in boulder creek. It's nice there too.
what's up dood? we're brainstorming some hip-hop shows - maybe west coast? let's talk about collab.
The Social Media Landacape: Understanding & Using it w/ #wfx live now
im watching also...this game was actually my first as a fan...13 long years ago..im 21 now.
Never seen someone so anti-nfl. Can't figure it out.
TS Lee has decided that 5 MPH wasn't slow enough. Now he just wants to hang out and not move at all. Laziest tropical storm ever.
aint no $$$ in retail...i like $$$ to much, gotta switch gears
me to but its cold n wet so i think ima just gone wear my gray jeans n sum type of shirt
Larry Scott on original programming for networks: "Are we going to have permission from the viewer to see how far we can go beyond sports?"
The study abroad fair is almost here! Come out to the Union Green on Wednesday to learn about our programs & enter to win awesome prizes!
"Admins...feared a scenario where "non-affiliates" would mix with students and bring with them a wicked brew of sex, drugs, and violence."
LOL fuck school! I was not looking forward to Segals class today aha.
thats your anthem now?
it's freaking hard. That's why I get so pissed!! Hoes.
Remember: when bitching about downtown traffic, you & car next to you are likely driving <1 mile to your destination. It's your fault.
lol big fail!
Aww thanks & I'm wishing u much success always :) RT : Also appreciate for the continued support as well
Baylor "Highlighters" are long and athletic.
hahaha swag! And thanks for what you said to me at the gym
- Did I write "ant"? I meant "aunt"!
Senator Glenn: "... at times, a plain flat out truck"... which allowed us to build the space station.
Spring is definitely here! How did you enjoy the 70-degree weather this weekend?
I was just on my way there when E decided to take a nap.
OFFICIAL GOODMORNING TWEET~ Mornin'! :) off to school looking pretty. I can tell its gonna be a great day!
Cleaning and packing al day..excited but right now
Providing smartphone support for
it sounds like one of those hobbies that can be taken as far as the bank account will allow :)
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)2
I think i saw hands down the finest woman in the world today
What I want 4 Xmas.. that be home with his family
Just think of how proud your mom is of you and how much you've accomplished <3 she loves you :)
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 18
not at all. I know karate.
thanks for soda.
aww, thank you!
No longer going to use twitter?
I am thankful for my wonderful friends and fans in Japan! I'm so lucky and grateful for ur support! x
I knew you'd love it :)
thanks for the homie. U killed it at the show. U got mad talent
Yes. I'm thinking I do want to see the Basel Ballet perform a very hot version of "Romeo Et Juliette" tonight.
Just a little under the weather at the moment - changing the channel...I haven't watched since Kelly Clarkson :D
Being on the Water Taxi dock today is not going to leave me very warm and fuzzy.
Serving Golden Wing & Cut Throat ! Fundraiser and food trucks
#idol - Joshua sstarted nicely and kept the sreaming to a minnimum. Pretty decent job overall.
And still haven't found a dress ... I'm failing bad, acting like I don't leave on Thursday
Thanks, lovely!
First day of 5th grade for my son. Another year of school :-)
GOOD MORNING!!!!<3<3<3RT : I love you! Good morning!!
over the hill..
Good morning :]
When I think of drug cartels, Wil Wheaton is always the first thing that pops into my mind.
Thanks for the Backstage Article retweet! I have a book in my "mind". Wanna help me write it?
Considering his tremendous foreign policy record, would David Petraeus be a viable Veep consideration for Mitt Romney?
Watching Alex and Austin on Youtube!!
cant wait for knock madness!
Marketing is what you do when your product is no good
Life is like Twitter. You just have to Tweet what you feel, Retweet the good memories, Delete the drama and Follow your dreams.”
We like that one too! We're teaching the wobble tonight!
i myself worry that the media isn't doing enough to turn my kids into mindless consumers
Had a fun filled day yesterday for the 4th, feel like I got beat up, body is aching, too old for this drinking thing!
in town for #FOSS4GNA?
7 more days. Just 7 more days.
K got it figured out twitter sent me email telling me to change pw... They're on top of their shit
sounds marvelous, enjoy!
So im starting to think, mabey its not my job to be happy... Ive been put here just to make other ppl happy
Cops are already stationed around Yale Park!
Owl Paws <3
If you click the drop-down menu, do document options not appear? What browser are you using?
lost 4 pounds since her last weigh-in!
Makes us feel Loved.
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." Anthony J. D'Angelo
ikr! I'm still shivering
Thanks for supporting #BookPeopleUnite!
who wants to get me those 12s playoffs?!
Shout out for me being a fan of ! Bro's gotta support another bro! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I SAW WHEN HE THREW UP IN THE GARBAGE. ME AND EMPREY WERE LIKE OMG LETS TAKE PICS! LOL.
shitty! I dropped mine in the toilet a month ago. I will say if you replace it, go to the apple store. It's about $200
i think my family is more two-faced then my school...and thats saying something.
Do or die
I thought we just trimmed "a local newspaper that's an arm of the Republican Party" for space considerations, no?
also because of the student #loans going on the books to make the #banks look better than they are?
USA's Community Acceptance Program Launched the CAMPAIGN to Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up.
when a good thing goes bad, its not the end of the world. its just the end of a world.
Great! looking forward to seeing you there, & finally meeting you in person. Looking forward to your perspective on the book.
Niggaz is bitches too...
Great show! Both episodes were fantastic!
UGH I'm not even waiting for Sticks N' Stones to come out in the US I just wanna get everything off youtube & download it to my ipod
what's up? U kicking ass in bowling?
So hard watching Kansas beat our third string in silence on this bus. Proud of #RoysBoys & always proud to be a Tar Heel!
You were born to #win, but to be a #winner, you must #plan to win, #prepare to win, and expect to win - #Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
Looks like Gobbler Heaven to me!
Light is the center of #design. We take light & manipulate it in ways that shape our understanding of continuity, space, contour, & value.
Not too much right now...you??
Singers and players alike appreciate being given cues. Assisting them in this area frees them to concentrate on other important things.
Smelling like a lopsided Rangers win.
I was in band with Callista. MT Newt suspended his campaign today, powering down Callista and putting her in sleep mode.
should have MORE twitter followers, so follow him! films have been seen by 150MM+ viewers
Humble-bragging about outgrowing Raymond Carver should be punished with Prometheus liver pecking
good vibes and prayers your way, mister.
Proud owner of an unused vagina. Lol
so happy your next single is #Ours <3 (: that song is completely my boyfriend and I. <3
Like Continental Airline's new campaign in Grand Central. Good taglines. But will it make u fly CO?
it's going to be elite hockey free box courtesy of panini
At least Phi Phi kept her wig on while lip syncing.
Baby Jay Z
No I'm thinking Thursday. Will let you know. And thanks for the reminder about the show!
Recommended by Susan Metros: Composing a Life by Mary Catherine Bateson 3 of 3
Next up on stage is the instrumental surf rock group Tsunami of Sound at Church rock club. Come on down and get your bronze on!
YES! A vote for #oneunion #sagaftra IS the way to move forward with strength and unity. Thanks for spreading the word!
who does that awesome dog belong to? So cute!
On my way to LA...bring me some sun!!!
i did pls shout out me pls!
Pretty successful day with
is tweeting A LOT today. And I'm completely okay with that. <3
Well this is not good. Not good at all. Hope you're doing better.
what channel?
Thanks for the fundraiser last night. You guys are awesome!
One week until we're at Oregon v. LSU, ESPN Game Day and the return of to DFW (with less snow this time).
So excited for you!
Healthy Cooking with Quinoa: Quinoa is a traditional Native American food which has lately come back in fashion to eat due to its nat...
Feeling a little wind blown after an outdoor meeting. Great weather in ATL today. Dreaming of the beach.
I know ... knows how to do it right
so I gotta ask.... You got a booty? Old gnr
Playing tonight with at with and Orlando le Fleming. 10pm, 2sets. come or watch online!
Congrats on winning Pudsey is so cute!!!!!!!!
I've been waiting on for 20mins... #storyofmylife #husbands :)
Too bad. Hope our paths will cross sometime soon.
Guess we wait another 365+ days to see #therollingstones? Bummer!
#Pens fan, that's why, lol
Wayne Balik haha I can't wait Barry! Was your last name Miles? I can't remember!
go embalm the whole state
It seems that there is a presumption of innocence on way and danger another. More investigation is needed.
I wish I was in Australia right now.. #nitrocircuslive!
We aren't going to tell anyone and see what they say after they try them.
lol drugging kids ... Shame on you
#20thingsaboutme 1. I'm scared of the dentist!
Happy St. Patricks Day! Come celebrate at Losers!
RT : Now let's pressure TED into releasing my TED talk about how to properly create peanut butter & jelly sandwiches.
Great idea take my Spring Break beach runs from the sand into the water. I'll keep runs solo & do w/o the fish, though, lol.
#ff I'ma start with us. Follow Such a good decision.
Oh I know right...I ran 6 miles yesterday, and I'm feeling it this morning...
Great luck to all of you who are auditioning this week and next!
They no, they no, that the real is on my side, ride with me! Iamjustspitting!
Playing the Chop House tonight in Pasadena, solo piano, 6:30.
"You can't evict an idea whose time had come." OWS on the eviction
Happy Fittness Day!!!!! WORK OUT!!!
love you too Hurleyy
Had 14 girls at our home 4 daughters b day - never heard so much noise. That is 1/2 of a typical class - how do teachers do it? No idea.
The man who is always talking about being a gentleman, never is one.
Come on, Brewers, I need cheering up. Could really use a win tonight!!!
It's been 4 weeks since I started Latisse and my lashes are already longer! I only have to put two strokes of mascara on now!
hiya. We're in front of Jack Wills. x
I think we may have now created a too friendly nature habitat in our yard :)
"Let the forfeit be nominated for an equal pound of your fair flesh"
love u guys!!! Just wanted to say :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
oh, definitely on board for this trip. marimekko here we come!
yes, typical Wolves! Really something needs to be done! Players have packed it in for the season & owners don't have a clue!
Happy Veterans Day everybody! Have a GREAT weekend!
I love Jamie too! I wish they would do a story line with him and a girl.....
I'm sure we'll see it on TV soon. It's too good to stay hidden. . .
well you can talk to this hot guy with no line babe ;)
Tweet about the show tonight with the hash tag
Lol! RT : “: Ugly on the inside, ugly on the out! #KillYourself Hater! (Do it right this time, lmao!)”
Ill be Tio Izzy lol RT : Im going to be the God Mother!!!
RT : “: The struggle is real.” The Mayans may be on to something lol>>>lol
tf it is , for all that you coulda brought a doggy purse I was all scared like who does that What if your dog started barking
Congrats to former Scobee Principal Kathy Gorsche, who has been appointed principal of Los Reyes ES. The new school opens Aug 2012.
Quote: "He can have heart, he can hit harder and he can be stronger, but there's no fighter smarter than me." —Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Follow me please. Follow me please.
Going through studio withdrawal!!! :/
NEW MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WHILE SUPPLIES LAST 12-4PM
great meeting you yesterday. Thanks for coordinating the happy hour and bringing so many ICT4Ders together!
" Your tongue can be your own enemy. "
If I smile at you too much mid conversation its because I didn't hear a word you said, but I hope its funny.
ive been voting for the past hour and yall still havent followed me...yall dont even see my tweets #cryinginthebathroom :'(
Back at work for a half day before heading to Punta Cana to watch my parents renew their wedding vows.
Thanks for stopping by for dinner last night! Hope your weekend is excellent!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com..........
Reading restrictive covenants and by-laws. Ahh the beauties of being the attorney of a homeowner's association.
Great night for warm, soulful live music at with from 7:30-8:15 followed by Joe Moe & Tom Melancon.
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
have you taken a shot with ?
Agreed. Chiobani has ruined all other yogurts for me
Wow MT : Podimetrics: Designed bathmat that scans feet of person standing on it, ID's ulcers b4 they're visible
Really thinking about going to the lake front TONIGHT
Man, I'm thankful for the Lord's present calling on my life. Church, job, city community group. What grace He has poured out on my life..
Today's #WSJ has a number of worthwhile articles on the European financial crisis. Begin with, “How a Radical Greek Rescue Plan Fell Short”
How long does this horrible sinus thing last? It's been 2 weeks of misery.
The Lord God is the SUN & the shield.
Power hour, my worst hour every minute feels like eternity, ready to go watch the game at Hard Rock! Then off to Washington, HOME!!!!
Thank you for following us. NES Financial is looking forward to potential business opportunity with International Referral
I can't believe that I paid $3.08 for a Mrs. Field's ice cream cookie sandwich.
I am in ready to bring in ya bday now !! Lol
Looking forward to #AORN12. Visit Stanley InnerSpace at booth 4511. Exhibit hall opens Mon at 5 pm!
Sadly RT Libraries do design like this:Include everything! Emphasize nothing! Add more advanced options! Fill up ALL the space!
"Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii"
#1 mom/pop arthouse film house; #2 getting a multipurpose hotel from (or Hotel Belmont) in town
Plz Grab Ur History Books Or Go on Google to Learn about ur Past So U can Understand where your Future is headed..
im sry but y r they all bout chris brown she is over it nd its done
Thanks for ending the conversation. I can listen to the game tomorrow night VS watching on mute.
Oh you are lovely! Thank you... but really, your super talented children are the ones to watch! :)
I followed back :)
Need to borrow a Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter for a new unibody macbook pro - can someone at #sundance help us out??
au revoir spring break!
pretty good.
when his mouth is closed.
Im in #TheCastle #Effortless Work
Our new favorite neighbor is - thanks for the deliciousness!
Meryl Streep was def stunning in her younger years but still seems to be amazing at what she does! Love her.
don't disagree but they like Randle and Hill better
For one of my classes I have to go to a wine tasting at a winery... Who wants to come? It'll be fun ;)
I wonder if the forefathers celebrated America's birth with some sort of eating contest. Probably wood chips or ball bearings or something.
its on right now! Lol
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Career Building- presented by George Washington University
Ive told you twice already! RT : I'm sick of these dark circles under my eyes. I look like I have two black eyes!
You know your morning dog walk was successful when your dog is crashed out on the couch unaffected by the smell of bacon being cooked.
I'm waiting outside the MD House Ways and Means Committee room.. Members are talking about gambling expansion-- PG facility and table games
#FF ::: Need beats, graphcs, studio time, mixtape covers? GO FOLLOW>>>
people are misinterpreting mike's post. it's not so much about being classy as it about being noticeable/marketable.
No, not really. After all, the results are based on the votes of readers globally.
r u really shure or r u shure for real
thank you!
shit bitch fuck up I miss u bitch.
Lol i love that every time we get drunk, i call "judbroiu" now hahaha
And now comes with the RTs. One of my favorite bits on twitter!
Just because someone makes you feel like you're the only one doesn't always mean you're the only one.
Happy Earthday! A gorgeous weather pattern here in Portland, OR! No complaints!
Franco Moretti class coming up & need several absurdly baroque projects drawn from graphs, maps, trees.
this time I wasn't eavesdropping, was chatting right along with them. So fun!
We hope so too!
just watched never say never :') its just so...so.. omfg.. :'D
#MyNextBoo will be HOT
If a wiki can be yanked by the wishes of an administrator or two, how does the wiki-ness hold any value over the long term?
I hate it when my phone has like 76% left and all I wanna do is go to sleep!
love the pictures! Love adidas more!
Break legs!! :) RT : I feel so honored by all the love my agency is giving me today. I LOVE BLOC! So honored.
Left eye cut, getting hammered, Gil Garcia still coming forward.
People always say i want. Well if you want you can work hard and get it. Me i want to meet 1d. I am going to try to meet them in 2013
Coming in 2nd place Silver is Eric's Double Czec Imperial Pils & in 3rd with the Bronze Medal is Mike's Cool Breeze Extra Pale. Great job!
Closing Time!
I don't see people!
I think not, particularly if there's scotch in the picture. *cheers*
We all feel like the only one for us is either , , or one of the .... Ik I do .
Hahah posing alert. "!" <- Metal Gear Solid and srs, they dont? Must be a Logan thing. C: *shrugs*
When do you get your braces off?
NO!!!!!!!!! RT : Mariano Rivera, head bowed and teary-eyed, says he does not know if he will pitch again.
FEATURE-Afghanistan, West hope farming will crush Taliban, poppy lure
Yeah, he made a classic and memorable character with Goober.
ringringring! Hi Danierra!! Thanks so much for following!! Have a great Friday!!
Thanks to and for leads on neighborhood and city level #digitaldivide!
don't. Sadly, The Sitter it's an awful movie. I can't believe got to be in such crap. I still like him, but...
I'm already calling it will be Super Bowl MVP.
Looks wonderful, although I suspect parking's a bear.
Thanks for retweeting! We are excited to be holding #STEM12 with you!
My BF's a SAS fan but loves Blake Griffin & doesn't know which side of the fence 2B on rt now LOL. U live N AUSTRALIA?
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness!
Make each day the best day! Neulympics field day at St. John Neumann School tomorrow. Remember the sunblock & H20 - it will be great! :-)
Said that ab a month ago and got chewed out.
"Prevention costs are only .6percent of county budget. Dismantle safety nets and you'll leave people without options"
It may be time to graduate the Padowan!
did Dexter get hurt?
With Perkins back in the lineup the Celtics did to the Lakers what they would've done in Game 7 last year. Go Celtics!!
First 100 people to The Bakken on Saturday - Green Energy Day - will receive a coupon for a FREE bowl at Noodles!
Sounds like Brittany...
Shout-out to that dad for shootin two turkeys today
<U+FFFD>All great changes are preceded by chaos.<U+FFFD> This one is so true (By Deepak Chopra)
You're a F U C K I N G IDIOT if you believe that. Why don't you leave America, Its clear you hate it. BTY F U C K YOU. Moron.
I was wondering if you could hook a sista up ?!? And if we could get together soon (:
Giants, Patriots, Ravens, Niners
Cosign!!! or my socks
Great stuff man.. JUCO Assistants play such a key role in the academic success of their athletes. You're big time!
I know it made me smile. I'm like omg frankie TWEETED bout my cousin. But I'm still worried
radical materialist poetics :: slow composing of care :: muchness :: but not world hoarding :: incompleteness and the little oases en route
I believe in the power of Prayer...
what do you hear about Drogba to LA?
I'm going to bed..... now. I know WHAT I'm going to do with my Prezis, just don't have the energy to do it tonight.
Baking with shortening really grosses me out. M... Trans fats...
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
New UPS commercial: driver delivers 100,000 "Duke 2012 Final Four" t-shirts to the needy in Uganda.
m, me gusta
Looking forward to #usdla2012! Who else?
Thats not attractive at all.. Stop trying to impress me I have a boyfriend...
If that's the case, then I assume thinks Philip Humberto is the best pitcher in
In what, debate? RT Is Georgetown ranked 6?
“ Love is nothing without action, Trust is nothing without proof, and Sorry is nothing without change”
Morning all... #happysunday everyone<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2600>
I'll hopefully get it to you by tomorrow. I hope its not too late.
That's right - you earned it! Congratulations! RT: so excited to be a part of hard work pays off
Needy ass bxtches “: I want frozen yogurt”
Coffee soon? Wanna hear about the biz
Just one week to go! The hottest event in Winston, Nov. 3 @ SECCA. FREE opening of "Out of Fashion." Food, music, cash bar.
Battled to find WiFi connection for the past 24 hours while traveling... how I wish I had you already
Listening to Boom Boom Box.. Luv that song!
I'm sorry
- welcome to the Twittersphere! We'll figure it out together.
Just so you guys know, y'all got real weird in your replies to my #guacamole tweets last night. Real weird.
Given the dramatic note that lots of West Wing episodes end on, the extremely jaunty end credits music is hilariously jarring.
Np Rick Ross- rich forever
Getting ready to head to the hearing for former dance instructor DJ Jaynes. Let's see how this goes.
we need something that aggregates the "daily deals" that are now out there... between groupon and local media i have at least 12!
The ol' drag across the ground on your belly, arms flailing scare. Blargh.
Right. Next season, we finally Meet the Mother.
it means NOW FOLLOWING
THE golden rule... "Treat others as you would expect 2 b treated"<-this is absolutely vital 2 b an effective coach & most important! Agree?
HAHAHAHA maybe like a tad prettier and a few pounds lighter
need 4 four more MVPs and a chip added to his name
I TRY EVERYNIGHT AND UP UNTIL 11:11 HOPING U WILL FOLLOW ME SO MAKE WISH COME TRUE AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING <33
meant to say O my gosh is the best ever but he was just so taken aback by my awsomeness to finish the sentence.
Also today, Leslie Bonci is here to share her new book with us! Stay tuned!
you know you're truly easily entertained when...
I have more followers today than I had on Friday - I have you to thank!
RT if you wanna play! <U+2665>
It's like I want to get up and make food...but that means getting up and making food...ever feel this lazy???
When's the app coming to the amazon app store? Now that libraries have a "partnership" w/Amazon it's expected.
Us too! We went to orientation yesterday!
tweeting you in school
never could :)
My life just got very interesting. I just hope it continues
tell Mohamed fozia to call me asap
this is bullshit!
i have #swaggé ;)
#Pens have lost their cool and likely the series if they dont create a miracle
Do you know if the game will be replayed later today or tonight?
Don't worry #Indiana punter. You will get MANY more opportunities this game.
I... Hate.... You.... Why can't I come to your FN graduation??
I'm praying that God will allow me to have the focus to work on my own projects this year.
Can I just fast forward to a time when I am not in school? Nah, enjoy life as it comes.
I've never been so happy to be under my two comforters before
one more espresso...
Today in bizarre follows: a bike shop in a city I've never been to, thousands of miles from anywhere I've ever lived.
Doonby looks awesome! Can't wait to see it!
“ Former Dolphins S Yeremiah Bell is scheduled to visit the Chiefs on Wednesday.”
Beyond stoked to see Conan in May!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:05 with Nike+ GPS.
I wonder how many bitches at #UK are bustin it open for the National Champs...one lucky girl gon have a unibrow baby lmao
Happy 18th Birthday <3 I love you! Hope you have a wonderful day!!!:*
. just found some of her really old CDs and is reminiscing of her days as a rapper.
My favorite bible verse is Romans 3:23-26
im fucked wore the wrong gear today
+ So find your other half and have a good time.
sun would def help with instability...you have sunshine?
Guess who got certified to coach today...
hot damn. should i wear my good shirt?
working on today!!! WOOOT or as they say
whichever is easier to get to...I think ohio city would be good
Getting settled in at Forrester Marketing Forum - looking forward to gaining & sharing some insights
I don't do funny business, not interested in fakers.... Don't want no paper gangster!
that show killed it
Time to finally watch Moneyball.
SO ARE YOU COMING, OR NOT?!
The beginning of the day I was border line insanity.... That lines been crossed..
That's been obvious for quite some time with that particular writer.
And leaked a new cogniac is coming out for a famous rapper.....hov ;)
Looking for 5 people that want to get healthy with me...A group of us are locking arms and helping each other...I lost 12 lbs in 8 days, my…
just TRY to extract me from Brooklyn generally and this futon specifically sometime in the next week
Please Hear this! You don't have Jesus is you dont have him all the way! Dont put christ in one tweet and then curse in the next Hypocrisy
No problem and thanks!
So many thanks for the #FF love. Wishing you a great CO weekend. xo
Thanks for following cutie :)
Someone just make my day !!! ^_^
once you get that done maybe you'll need an oil change. We come to you for a change!
If you have not checked out album chasing the reds then you really need 2 click on itunes store & own "Skyscrapers" NYCsteez
ALL republican candidates should be lined up for a lobotomy. Then we can get on with 2012!
if you stick a q-tip in your ear make sure it has that cotton bit on the end
Google+ needs groups--my eduMOOC circle is not your eduMOOC circle
Our Advanced English Class starts at 4:30pm. Practice your English skills in a fun, friendly environment!
RT : LBJ once mispronounced 'hors d'oeuvres' as 'whore doves.' ... Let's make that a thing, ok?
ha that too son.
I thought we were talking about Mitt Romney?
Back in class
Pre-mastered tracks are up and playing on adamevoving.com! Give em a listen and let us know your thoughts.
True, that is a considerable downside. Hm.
it will soon be a reality...22 days!
RT : Off to meet Jim Duffy at 3pm. Heard great things from and Sir Tom Hunter....
Just about to give my "Future of Libraries" presentation
what? Where are you?
Don't forget 2 eat a healthy breakfast to jumpstart your day. It will energize your body & mind to face the challenges that lie ahead.
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much....
Yeah so I really really really hate the beastie boys but 47 is way too young. So RIP
Flying tortilla? Wasn't he one of Shaun White's snowboarding teammates?
Once, but it was a long, long time ago...
Wouldn't agreement to pay that rate require the signing of a contract?
Good Snowy Morning! On today's show: weird baby dreams, comfort foods, winter makeup tips and a FREE trip! See you at 9!
That's awesome to hear Roger! A huge thank you for sharing the music! Glad your friends enjoyed it. Blessings :)
when will you return
get off netflix dog, i need to get my #TheOffice fix on.
girl I'll be home after work
A plotless drama starring people in rabbit suits, how is it that I have never seen David Lynch's _Rabbits_?
yes you do! You're like already in debt. Hahaha
how old IS he?
Did anyone else watching that Chris Paul / Gasol exchange think: Bambi vs Godzilla?
I'll chalk it up to autocorrect not knowing mediocre 90s basketball players.
Watching MC the Charlotte's Wings charity event at the Royal Park. He's the best.
does anybody know what time practice is tomorrow?
You can't defend this action by Josh Beckett. I love the Sox, but he and our other pitchers are showing no accountability.
Thank God I'm Fresh.
Spinach salad and tortellini & zucchini soup for lunch...sad that its soup weather in May, but healthy and delicious is a great combination!
Breakin out the country music
oh yeah He does need too be on her show xD
Awesome! ....What is it?
i'm terrified of the possibility of one of my pedophile friends on facebook showing up at my work and stalking me. -_-
Holy smokes what a night on #thevoice I'd SO hate making those decisions...What amazing talent!
Just washed all my clothes in the bathtub by hand and then had to hang dry them. Italy get washers and dryers that work
I miss u to
That's really awesome! You seem to making a name for your self and your comic these days ^^
I walk with a limp~
So informed us that he "built" his daughters bed over the weekend all by himself.
After the first, the Bulls lead the Pacers 36-25 while the Magic are dominating the Hawks at the half...58-35
#Foundersday convocation at Clark Atlanta University.
#RT IF YOU ARE SINGLE AND LOVING IT !!!!!
When you cry .. your tears are washing my eyes
cathy. is. a. worm.
trade jones you will get more for him. Driver is more reliable and a team leader on offense
thanks for the ReTweet
U can kidnap my style but I can promise u I'll never pay da ransom
I guess I can say I am a boy belieber! When I went to church today Iw as working with 4th-6th grade and they were dissing on JB
True that: RT Had a "what the hell am I doing here" moment 2 days into classes. Doesn't bode well for the rest of the semester.
Free adios and a double up in craps. Why yes I did. I love breaktime.
Thoughts and prayers for my fellow Australians as Cyclone Yasi approaches.
Why is #chopped the most awesome show on tv to me
BUZZ a teen novel set in South Texas will transport you to a whole new world Buy it at www.indigotreepublishing.com
Christine in the City, Adam & Steve, Grey Gardens, Sex & the City Movie...Where is Malcom Gets now?
TRAFFIC: Crash is Clear - WB Belt @ Todd Drive. Delays remain
Just dropped my fiancé off to head outta town for the weekend. :=/
I mean took a nap
about to get on the rattler
U got it bad <3
I think we need to take El Paso's "can do" attitude to Washington.
I never blame a female for a dude actions!
Interrupted paper writing so the thesis group could do a google+ hangout with -- best decision this week.
Should I change my icon back?? Idk about this one.
Thinking about going back to sleep for a little bit, it may seem weird, but working to 330am again will take a lot out of me
I stop and ask myself every day: "Is Mischa Barton Flashing Too Much Side Boob?"
I don't know about you, but I don't think God intended on you SHOVING your religion down my throat...
email is all wacked out homi, check the soundcloud and let me know which ones you like, ill enable downloading on them for you
sheeiit. Didn't realize it was that close.
I'm outside your house at the mailbox<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
kiss me, i'm indian?
now theyre saying no
even better is oh father. May be one of the deepest hip hop songs ever. Stays in my rotation
Great point! RT : I am convinced that the way we teach will have a greater impact than what we teach.
Not sure that qualifies as valiant by anyone other than Pecoraro.
My #fridayreads: Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions by Gloria Steinem. On my to-read list forever; loving it.
#Agencies, diversify your sales training. RT : Solve Your Toughest Sales Situations, 4/20 Seminar in Troy
Soo. Much. School.):
aha glad you like it, truth be told not made by me!
It's so good! We love it.
yes it will be, thanks for sharing!
No! I don't have your money, quit calling me!
anything going on tonight ?
You may not always be able to trust the person you love, but you can always love the person you trust.
Thanks #cmh airport for the constant reminders that this is a smoke free facility. what is this, 1989??
yep, not playing as in doing a show though. Just riding the rides and such!
"Sold, I'm Ever open ears and open eyes - Wake up to your starboard bride." ::bon iver::calgary::
MAC's Face+Body Foundation is amazing as well but I'm having trouble finding a good match for my skin tone in that one
It's time to watch asap for breaking Rivera coverage
Who doesn't, get in line. hehe :)
I'm hanging with my baby cousin, you hoes
Been writing lyrics for about a good 2 and a half hours, almost done& probably will record it within a week or two. #Waiting for Green light
"The power of the word is real whether or not you are conscious of it. Your own words are the bricks and mortar of the dreams you want to...
#packernation R U ready for some football!!!!!!!!!
Have a great weekend, #Cleveland!
lol...yes yes. I'm like you now haha.
Delish, really impressed with Cafe Benelux. Hopefully be back soon.
LS 1426 Inc is enjoying Will Downing and Najee what a Mother's Day Gift. Yes! I love my boys. Thanks again.
Love you :>
Singing.. I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise..giving God the praise..
Yea right lol RT : probably never ha
I really do hate driving
A Friends marathon it is!
I look for usage information in man pages first. When it's not there I guess how the software works. When that fails I read the man page.
My instagram name is horrible.
Spotted: Jared Padelecki at Hula Hut
yeah we have a good thing going with Decadent. We are essentially the city park on the Esplanade. Mostly quiet but.. :-)
#replacemovienameswithbacon Never Say Bacon.
Jagimo! The mobile social network that plays like a game.
Hi Rick
her smile iz flawless az fuk omgee i love a woman's smile -SELF'MADE
we are lurching in the Kickstarter room! Join us and we will seek food
This book has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever read. How a screenwriting book can suck this hard blows my mind.
my pleasure!!!!
Naysayers always hate truth #golions RT People are hating that I said the Lions have more swag now than Packers on
LOL RT : Is it weird that I'm a San Antonio native but I avoid Fiesta like the plague.
Austin bound for the 4th yr in a row to #sxsw. Ready to revel in the techie for a bit :) Can't wait to share new tech w/ my followers
I can easily not give a fuck.
Snow's falling fairly heavily here at
my thoughts exactly! Do you happen to know if he's been working on anything with Dance Gavin Dance?
support issues for two hours = unproductive lunch
Weather.com predictions for Fri/Sat/Sun: "Landscape lightning," "Disaster on the road," "Deadly car heat." Seems excessively dire.
- thanks for the follow
Stand up straight and love yourself there is no one on this planet that is better than you
I seem to have attracted some California followers who think I'm from Capitola,CA. Sorry to disappoint. Capitola is my name and I'm from NY!
Thanks, understood. Allbest, J.
I got moves like Jagger....well sort of....
It's coon hunting season!
Great weekend. Shame to see it go.
Last night I was on that tip. Im talkin 100 rounds
Going to see with my dad tonight!
April 12th INVITES YOU OUT TO THE NEW AND HOTTEST COLLEGE NITE CLUB AT "ENDLESS MUSIC NITECLUB" SO OPEN YA TWITTER APP ...
Wait, who will become what? Is this a trick question? RT Memories make us who we are. Dreams make us who will become.
Despite everything that's happened to you within the last couple of years, you came back with a come back, music. I adore you.
any idea when it's coming?
Holy rain in Centex. Dust off the
Watching an episode of The Green Hornet where the bad guys are watching an episode of the '60's Batman show on TV. Awesome.
#Writing is its own reward.
Slick rick
excited for tonight (:
took a couple years in HS and one semester in college but not nearly enough retention...translator app on phone helps!
“ Nobody ever pays me in gum!!!”awwwweeee lmaoo
m...doesn't an ice cold Mike-arita sound delicious tonight?! We've got 'em! You're welcome...
Enjoyed some eggs & bacon for breakfast :)
Not a happy camper about the Facebook Timeline changes for Pages. BAD news for effective social media marketing & list building. Argh!!
Good Night! :D
Saying "AH" in front of the fan to hear your robot voice.
why did the 34 bus (bus #2073) take off from forest hills take off with literally a line of ppl outside the door?
5 Rules For Choosing Your Online Dating Photos [EXPERT]
Totally read that TT as #HomophobesForObama not
RT if you think its really H.O.T
Writing a remix to I Want with know the usual haha.
YouTube Tuesday on BGP- Promote your YouTube Video for $50.00 to 170,000+ subscribers. e-Mail for more info
Just as long as it's not lamprey pie!
Or, Syrian or British accents. UNF.
I do too... indeed, what power!
isnt it obvious by now that the only ones whom still back PrincessJames are the hanger-ons
About to show Milwaukee how we party. PBR 40oz. Tailgate begins in 4 hours.
Black Swan has permanently ruined nail clipping forever.
I'm sure there will be plenty of those! Thanks so much!
Reading your tweet about me made my day <3
You're not obligated to tip anything. (But if you do, you're an extra-awesome Zipster.)
There is a dude on the train that looks just like (and as creepy as)
U are bigger... But no where as big as me.
Yes! A little too daunting for me.
So the Fake Geek Girls article was pretty lame, but I'm afraid most of the responses are also fairly poor.
She say she twerkin' it for daddy.
Wichita! You?
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them. - Aristotle Onassis
ahahah how'd you know....? de nada
the guy with the black trunks!
Done with all accounting for the semester. Great feeling
Anytime. He got the high five, I made sure of it. Pleasure meeting you :D
Do you know anybody? We are looking for a temporary Archivist for a 4 week project in Chicago, IL. Candidates must be willing to work 10pm …
S/O to you killed that Adele cover...
lol cuz the owner son took over day to day operations n he think he know everything
Were looking 4 ENT Professionals who r interested n being apart of our IN THE MIX ATL host committee. Email
Thank you!
Gila River Casino will match all pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes - call now 602-277-3003
Tonight after 10 pm, we've got Nite Owl specials. Stop in late for a great way to finish your evening!
Well... Now I dont know what Im gonna watch on Sunday nights.... :P
Rudy said that he used all of the negative that people said about him and the team for motivation! Show the haters!
I freaking love him... lol
nice look@ wingsonaplane
Some kids don't realize how stupid they look
Have you hugged your children today or told someone you love them lately?
Happy Halloween!
where is you family? I thought they were coming to stay?
So excited to record in july!
guess we should propose a talk together eh.
hahah u never know? Lol. He goes to Sam?
(AP) -- Officials: Suspect held in killings of 5 in San Francisco was ordered removed from US in 2006
Correia was one lucky SOB that inning. I got a bad feeling about this one...
Beliebers Have Swag
Brandi, thanks so VERY much for the RETWEET! All best to you in your book ministry.
hey sweetie! I sent you an email from ! Hope to hear from you precious!! Good luck with everything!!
Happy Halloween Every One!!!
"I need a scotch. Not scotch tape"
why are you doing sponsor crap now?!
Men need to be in service to women. The life force.
Last day for this weeks awesome deal!5000-4x6 Two-sided full color Fliers@ $185.00!Call me I will be answering phones all day!
I told friends I don't want to be a bitter old man.
'i'm just going to go back to work, put on my headphones, and zone out to bounty killer for the rest of the day.'
I'm SO glad that you enjoyed the show!!!!
Oh my goodness! Thank you so much! :]
Vonny keep texting slow and I'm going to fall asleep.
So am I. won't be able to make it this time. #newbaby :
-Shutting out the world the best way possible.
This will insure you the best possible scalp area to stop hair loss and ensure the best healtiest hair you can produce.
Lithium Networks will provide you with great IT support and networking/server management.
Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs Edits Bootlegs :)
RT : Spring 2012 could be the best for real estate in years. Thinking about buying a home? would like to talk to you.
a bitch ova here rolling off of #happy feet
What's the best cheese steak close to #acrl2011 ?
yup I'm just that good
Well at least you're not on TV all the time or anything...btw, hope your TriCaster made it to Canada in one piece!
RIP Donna Summer!
It's my pleasure. I'm excited to see you on the show!
Happy Monday to the most recent tweeters on our feed -
Good morning every one and god bless...
A high tech scriptorium will be featured at our exhibition, allowing visitors to examine the scrolls more closely, via touch-screen kiosks.
Sounds like you are determined to be an #NBA apologist. Refs determined the outcome of the game. Stats R 4 Losers.
well ya know how we roll #VampireLife !
Swollen hands and swollen feet, this can't be good
Food Court next Sunday.... let's hang out together...
one for the newsroom, one for me.
o really?
Locking down new partners. Business looks strong right now.
Wildness n class wit
Jenn Herrera from just read Green Eggs and Ham to the Kids...they loved it!
And here we go with the political debate!
The idea of a trip is both exciting and yet almost throws me into a bit of a panic...
OH OK CRACKIN?
I guess more profoundly the phrase should go. "Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to destroy your nature."
I'd accept space-cowboy.
Thanks for the help and we appreciate all you do for
I am no #ManU fan. Can't stand 'em. But if they and #MCFC tied at end of regular season, why goals tiebreaker, and not playoff?
restart did help, thanks!
I'm like a statue Stuck staring right at you You got me frozen in my tracks.
redesign is going to take some getting used to - the narrow middle column (shows up a lot in news-heavy sites) is hard to track
Feasting on fresh manna with Perry Stone.
I think I missed the first tweet. Who isn't kidding about what? Obvs Kate and I are kidding about everything.
Lol i don't like this :)
Snow days R just as fun as adult as they were when kid. Spending Xtra time on #animationmentor assignment
I could not have asked for a more relaxing evening after this day. Sitting on my porch, with nature, reading.
I am so tired. Tired of talking. Tired of listening. Tired of lies, excuses. Tired of games. Tired of waiting. I am looking for BRAVERY!
At the Brookland metro station with team members to promote my platforms. Real Experience. Real Commitment. Real Results.
#publishinginnuendo RT : I always appreciate a friend helping me finish off a manuscript.
Oh.. Is that it? I knew it had to be something like that. Thanks!
Crap! crap again!
The concern is that over-consumption turns into total immersion. It is impt to maintain time to interact and assist social dev.
why yhu leave me at work alone ! :(
plllzzz follow me I been waiting fir mad long now :-(
we can't wait to shoot you and Briggs! :)
How did your race go?
So Right, So True. Thanks for a great day driving back from YPO.
I've totally had that happen before too!
What will MITT ROMNEY'S movie be named? It could be called TOP 501 WAYS TO GET BUSTED ON YOUTUBE OR BY THE MEDIA WITHOUT HAMBURGER HELPER.
i love my best friends! on dat note.. good night!
Going to get my glasssesss. (:
lol, thanks! ;) free this week for some girl chat time?
I love you babe n.n
According 2 FOX, all Veterans deserve highest respect we can give; except Dr Ron Paul, a genuine Patriot of the 20th degree, who is rejected
yea one of the best I've seen in a while, it's gonna be tough for the dark knight to top that. Did u like it?
OK jokes on me, right? RT : I'm hearing from multiple sources that the #Redskins have agreed to terms with FA-WR Eddie Royal.
We Wish u luck! RT : thanks for following. hopefully my #nonprofit can get it's feet off of the ground soon
Why are some #USF players missing the emblem on their jersey's?
Omigosh.. is right--poor little forced-to-protest baby wearing a sinner tee shirt. Curiouser and curiouser.
It looks to be a fire hose.
What about me Steve? What are your plans for Milwaukee?
!!! RT : Why are those with private social media some of the nosiest people on social media? Never understood that.
Pulp Fiction
hornbook = cliffs notes for law students. :)
Yep. That's just what I was thinking, a custom jquery slider with parallax. Fun to see the creativity fly back and forth.
Why we don't get along?---->He's a skittle and I'm a dark cloud.......sh*t don't mix
Remembering Mike Ward - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Remembering Mike Ward Tucson Citizen by Andy Morales on Jan. 07, 2012, under Sports
hell yea cowboys!!!
where u working girl?
you guys on lunch break now, when does chad go on?
Already am! haha :)
I saw it, how sexual O.o lol
wow! Thanks!!
hey Tyler, thanks for the message I'm sure no one is saying bad things about us. How could they we are doing awesome things!
hey follow back?
Terrific show at Crackers in BRip kicking off in one hour. is your headliner and features! Ladies in free w/rsvp!
Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it.
better yet what does it smell like under that week old pizza dough of a belly.
Omg. Leave me the fuck alone!!!
With all the 's tweets about police and fire activity I've seen recently, it's a wonder I'm still alive.
on the road all day for work... putting he miles on the Suzuki!
I'm at Adobo this Friday night come and enjoy music on their patio with friends and cold beverages
Doing Shakespeare with the dog. He was my Brutus, and doing very well. Until he sat on me. Brutus would never sit on Portia. Bad Brutus!
Life would be great if I didn't have to rely on anyone else
it was fantabulous! I sent you a picture!
I am moving out to Waukesha in June! So not far, just not Milwaukee
I find something else to hate soon! Not to worry! RT : I'm gonna miss the #embracethehate Lol
really! I'll believe it after I watch mad men
bacon explosion + superbowl = unspeakable joy
Yes for
Ha. I'll take that bet, assclown.
He thinks i'm weird because I have a thing of smelling his armpit always <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
is so so cute in the movie karate kid!!
RT : #sixmilesofhistory are putting on one classy presentation. So proud of the cool digitization work they are doing
How can that be? Didn't the kids *just* head back to school?! RT : - I know, it's almost Halloween!
I'm great! How have you been? :)
baseball fan nation, hells yeah...
i'm sick :( make it better?
i just got home and i called u bakk
This is the first year in 3 years that I won't be with for prom!!:(
God the iclightmango mango taste so much better with Then
Agreed. We all knew the series was going to be a dogfight. RT We split 1-1 in St. Louis. I'm fine with that
i think i have a feeling i know what you got in mind....... haha
My last tweet: examples of good data but bad representation. Heed the warnings!
Tonight, come on down for dinner and enjoy great holiday big band jazz with Andy Stobie and the Greater Finger Lakes Jazz Orchestra.8:00pm!
Driving and I'm speeding
i had it for playstation.....still got it actually RT : Anybody had WCW Mayhem for Nintendo 64?
Me too. I can't wait for the awesomeness! : I am really excited about the face lift is gonna give my blog! :)
find yourself, before you find someone else.
Facebook is a two-way relationship, says On Twitter, there's a culture of openness. The risk of failure is low.
Today will be our last dry day for a while. How are you going to enjoy it?
When life throws lemons at you.... Sometimes there's a special friend there that throws those bitches back for you :)
at todayy! Omg I'm so excited! :D <3
love their stuff!
If I seem high, it's because I'm all hypo right now.
Ordered the neo legend from can't wait.
LMAO oh good i was gettin worried;)
Keep it real with me
Are you in Little Rock by chance? I'm heading there to meet some partners.
tells me I'm always on twitter and Facebook so you guys I'm outty let's see how long I can do this '<U+270C>
well it's jenn and will
what's the word at the Wood?
- Wizards win this game. WIN.THIS.GAME. Book it.
YES IT IS AND AGREESS
good call. i'm a little nervous about the rain/humidity for my dSLR. prob going to bring a point & shoot too
yeah, that was going to be my first step; I've done one recently for DCPU-16 so thinking about generalization too
hey friends! happy monday... got a lot to do, will keep ya updated with all the new & exciting things we're doing @ drivethrustudio.com
Got it - thanks!
Shout-out 2 Local Business!
"handle" it then mami ;)
I know most basketball fans would HATE to see a playoff game where BOTH teams have their backups on the court but I LOVE it
Come on Octavia!!!
I'm like a bird, I'll only fly away
You need to have shows in Alabama!!!!!!!!!! Please follow me!!!!!!!!
I'll admit, I kinda miss with his
Do I even exist?
Come on SUNY schools let me in already!
Twitter gets so boring at night /:
well, at least you know it. that's a good start. now to make everyone else know it.
Our technicians and staff are professionally trained to handle all types of car repair needs.
The One Night at tonight was amazing! I'm so glad I got to go!
If you don't have something in front of my name, no one on your TL can actually see it unless they follow ME too.
I don't think i can take another period od ms.hauer
Get ready for Social Marketing Automation to take center stage. Happily, is way ahead of the game!
are u ok frm earlier
Love it! Great use of coaches using social media!
agreed Perez!!
TRAFFIC ALERT - President Obama to speak at Washington Lee High School Arlington, VA around noon tomorrow
So are you :)
loll I'm having fun (:
Thanks for RT!
Ric Armendariz introduced me to ALIVIANE AND CHILO! I told them to put my uncle & my boyfriends DAD on the Board.
<3 I miss you. Hopefully after the dust settles I'll have more time to talk.
you would be in love. It's almost Nola like. .... And they just invited me to play. I may have to rock some D&D in a bit. Haha
Thanks, David! I'll post some Niagra Falls pics next week. Those old signs were AWESOME. Very overcast sky though.
UHG FUCK THIS! I WANT JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!
blake really..soul man..just tie a rope around a niggah neck and say "ils done caught me a niggah"
sorry to hear you couldn't make it. Somehow we'll try to carry on.
what are you studying for?
yer very busy. Howz the record coming along?
Today should be a good day. Two classes, then mall, study, the. baseball game =)
Start off the 2012 with a great lunch!
#TurnToYou is just PERFECT <U+2665> I've been listening to it all day & night
": I wanna go to six flags now."
i tweeted glozell like 20 times she hates me im gonna go cry for 57 years but omg dyin
well if your not American GET THE FUCK OUT IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE WAY WE SPELL
I deffo need to make it out there.
So I made a tumblr, who else has one? I'm only following one person and I feel like a loser XD
here is my first tweet for new twog dev
Some places don't have a "cheers"! They sometimes say "Irie" or "Bless up" in Jamaica :)
can you tweet me that foreign policy article you posted on #Kony2012?
Like to shout out to my girl for being extremely hard working. Congrats on this weekend
Kyrie Irving is already more clutch in the 4th than Lebron will ever be LOL
These niggas ain't hear me then? These niggas gone hear me now!
congrats!! What in?
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
No way. That's classic cinema. Any "Best Fights" list must contain that brawl scene. If not, it's for shite.
any suggested articles for schools as they evaluate on-line learning programs for college bound to at-risk students?
Thanks! Yep, we're getting married this Fall. Very excited!
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.235
Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet.
were finally launching the brand new rock house website, still in beta mode though not all features are available yet.
this nig be hating on the #Packers bro! He a #Lions fan! Dont hate on us when we winning! They average we #Elite!
I like Glenora and Anthony Road! Have fun!
well... hello there ;)
Listening to Switchfoot for three hours straight>>>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I use it daily!
also, are the lunchtime lightning talks at #jdcdc open? If I wanted to give one, could I?
Ariel Katz from University of Toronto "I want to talk about your friend, the market"
A Classic!
if you got the weed I got the light we can get high together all night.
Living the edge? That describes every trip I take! :)
Hi Sarah! Are you looking to move to a new apartment in Chicago?
You should. My favorite band.
Can I share if I bring a pint of creme fraiche gelato?
Ayers: it's a myth that is standing in the way of this incredible creativity at the state an local level
Ha. Welcome to Twitter!
Better yet, you be Dwight and I'll be Jim >:)
So and have all released new solo singles. Where is Aundrea?
day 3 for some of us who need every possible continuing education credit! A long haul but more than worth it.
Polymer? :P RT : Was just asked if I as referring to a wooden log cabin. Is there another kind of log cabin?
i missed tasting 10 different chocolate bars in economics :/
Yay for being caught up!
we write down our goals/wishes for next year in a jar and seal it with the air from the previous year at exactly 11:59.
Doctor offices are scary.
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step
RIP Marilyn Glick... thanks for making Indy a better place.
“ “ Wrapped in your covers and having the fan going >””
Bad enough FBI pushing the law, but they're sneaking around trying to do it b-4 public finds out, threatening companies not to oppose. WTF!
We will be at the Rail Club tonight promoting for the show. Come out to get your tickets (2 shows for $10!) and a free sampler cd!
"Why would you throw your phone?" "Because I have a case"
just recorded vocals for new song, Doin It. it might be done now. might be...
I gotta wait till Friday to cop. So #poor bruh. Lol
looks like Armon is 4th string pg? No shot for minutes? Liked his spark last year
"Human population" is a testing ground for nothing even as curious as an experiment. We are a side-effect of gross & willful negligence.
just went out again. Modem...power light on, enet light on, sync flashing on and off
I don't know what you're talking about. Now pardon me while I put this Obama shirt in eBay.
And SmartWool is totes worth going back for! Glad we could help improve your day, ! :)
am I hunched over my laptop on my couch, in boxers, jamming out to NKOTB? yes, yes I am. I've got the Right Stuff, oh oh oh oh, baby...
Thats pretty awesome!
People in the room next to mine are HORRIBLE. Can't wait for them to start screaming at 4AM when they get up to catch their jetport flight.
Sorry last two tweets out of sequence. Forgot to tag you on the originals... o_0
Damn I can't sleep :( thank God I got nothing to do tomorrow
Is it Friday yet? I'd like to see my boyfriend.
We have to be entrepreneurs of our own lives. Entrepreneurs build success through their networks. - Reid Hoffman
And, overheard elsewhere: Little boy: But I don't care about the dead guys anymore! Washington Monument Washington, DC
waiting for my packages to come in new speakers and car parts !
My mom ain't raise no fool
One big room full of bad bitches
for Manna. Awesome dance
How has your opinion of cannabis changed over the years?
Pope Gregory (590-604) banned the eating of eggs during Great Lent. People boiled them for storage, feasted on them at Pascha (Easter).
On my way to the Gold Standard to stuff my face.
Is it time to sell the bulletproof Pentax 35mm camera I've had since I was 12? Will I ever mess with film again?
“: noel really ugly af'” so mean loo
Everytime I try to stop smoking some bullshit happen dat make me wanna get high as fuck
WOO! thats awesome! what row are you in?
looking for someone in #rochester that repairs pool leaks
I wonder how many people had brain embolisms from Schindler's List. Or The Producers on Broadway.
sad-a-ta my dami!!!(pootie tang)
Amazing japan benefit concert last night. Kudos to all. Off to DC tour--posi music fest, a winery, capitol hill, & a church 'bout covers it
Tune in today with Randy Dean, an expert in time management and organizing email. Some great strategies for taming the beast!
Sorry we missed it. We are a Bethany family that goes to as well. Looks fun.
Haven't tried this before! I'm looking for Ian Jackman, author of EAT THIS! and former Random House author. Would you send me a msg?
it's ok cuz I have a iPhone also so that's the way u do it for it to work trust me k if u want me to show u
Finally out the door. Time to take the puppy out!
signals issue are tricky. it works and then all of a sudden just start showing signs of problem. we'll get this fix for you
aw I think she's already home
ok can y'all just date already?
hahahahaha , definitely. Guys are always dramatic
Well done, Josie! “: congratulations to for getting her young woman's medallion!! so proud of you babe!”
Now were friends we've reached the climax
yeah man! I just learned Marce will be going too. We're getting a sitter for the kids. It's family friendly though.
Best night of the year for a BC fan!
Not my best game...it's ok. Got it out of the way before our next game
Level 4 leaders: what's in it for them. Level 5 leaders channel their ego, drive, etc., into company - gr8er than self
hypocrite... you're jumping in my business right now
Girl: "I'm just scared you're gonna love another girl" Guy: "You're right. I will. And she will call you mommy."
At the Alamo Bowl tailgate. Parking lot C under the C-1 sign. Cold beer, bloody mary's, bourbon and brats. Join us. Sic'em Bears.
to the jb concert! But I was jk(:
Welcome to the party Mike Irwin :)
I'm proud to represent the Coots of America.
Does making the nw bandwidth info+controls visual make user power structures more explicit? Interesting thought from
I took a nap from 6-9.
Good morning Charles. Welcome!!
well being the sensitive and under standing person I am I suggest you log off twitter
April 19? And they're looking for witnesses now?
T O remember the stretch and press portible gym? DM me
Feeling good ,feeling nice
Now hiring promoters for Miami's hottest venues DM me for details!
thank you sweety for being my 200 follower :D you're the
I See Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Me: "Thank you very much." Lady at cash register: "You're welcome very much." She's making fun of me, right?
The role of Sid Vicious "is not a favorite of mine. I can't get away from it... what about all the films after that?" - Gary Oldman
Delighted to host via Skype today after students read his novel Pop Apocalypse. Thanks Lee!
Just watching last Saturdays Ustream. Crying my eyes out again. </3
Diggy Simmons goes too hard
lmao. Me too
You going tomorrow?
Heh. :-) I pass. But thanks for your kind offer.
When Javale McGee matures, he will actually have potential to be a great player
Lol, Vinnie from Jersey Shore is going to be in Leno soon.
art. creativity. people who love selflessly. join us on nov 8th in san diego.
How are you feeling now?
I love it when the bartender is just as messed up as the bar goers...
yo, not bay area, but I'm pals with a cofounder of Stylistics, this could come in handy for documentary
Yes got control of the tv. 1girl5 gays. Whoo I actually don't know how to be gay anymore. All I hang with is straight people.
seen. Seen. Next lol
Rented a D90 from for daughter's wedding last week. Excellent prices and service. Highly recommended.
“For me, poems are at their basic level one person speaking to another.”- Matthew Zapruder
That storm was amazing.
It's officially Steelers Season! Check out the Heinz Field labels on our '09 Chilean Malbec and our '09 CA Sauvignon Blanc in the suites!
Twitter needs a Like button!
Remember, our kitchen's open whenever we're open. Come by for some Chicken and Waffles or a bowl of NM Red Chili made fresh from the pod!
Lovely. Can't wait to fly to JFK in two weeks.
"call His Name... O Lord Jesus"....
are there good "tools" (be they languages or environments) out there for which the bar is some investment, not the wild west in bits?
When are you getting back to the Burgh?
And the way it floats is indescribable! #CodeIsBeautifulToo RT : google alexander calder logo animation is lovely
well closes today. get ready to see some really ugly people !
I saw a Street View car in my neighborhood yesterday; regret I didn't see it in time to moon.
thanks for follow HOB we'll do busines soon.. Do you have contact info?
Are the teachers of those classes on twitter? You've been so lovely to answer my questions!
Being real! That's all I'm sayin!.
Casino Madrid sucks so bad...
leaving for PC in the DR in 5 days while there is a current blizzard...couldn't be more siked!
Lions are fucking handsome and everybody knows it.
Guess who just got a meet and greet pass for !? THIS CHICK RIGHT HERE!!!! Aahhhh!!!
One thing I love about DC is on Wed @ 10p, the trending topics all involve America's Best Dance Crew.
You'd think by this time my phone would have figured out that yes, I mean "pwned."
Talking about the health benefits of local/organic produce on Visit your local farmers market!
#GOLF -- WANTS TO THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
personally, original Teen Wolf for me <3 tho if i had to choose twilight- i like the lead girl-- replaced by Audrey Tatou=hot
omg Sara! ;;;;;;; tho's are most gorgeous pic I,ve ever seen!
BtoBSocialMedia: 14% of people trust ads, while 76% trust consumer recommendations. Thus, the power of social media for busi
Spent the day learning tunes in naperville.
Today is Ryan Braun day.
seriously. needs to get his shit together
jr smith needs to start throwning up gang signs to make this game somewhat watchable
haha I just want a change! Lol
addition by subtraction
RT : : Happy International Beer Day! "To alcohol! The cause of and solution to all of life's problems." -Homer Simpson
next up: the labor report card sent to San Diego city council members. Lorena Gonzalez explains all the "F" grades.
Everything went exactly the way I knew it would. I feel better.
Playin at #Euphoria Lounge tomorrow at 10:30 P.M.
if the amount of sleep i got is any indication of how this day is going to go i'm screwed.....
where do i send fanmail?? Sorry to ask u this,i know youve answered this to many ppl already.i understand if u dnt reply..(:
“: I read my own palm today. It said it was going to slap you! #AMPED”ha!
Yip. Possibly best trilogy ever are the 3 Ninja turtles movies
Always best. Decaf is silly
If you didn't get to meet the Red Stag girls yesterday, they will be back tonight at 8pm. Come by for a great time and winn prizes!
This weekend don't forget to celebrate your freedom to read! www.ala.org/bbooks
Today is World Health Day! Follow The World Health Organization and participate in their online conversation
I was talking to mom who is almost 70...she said "I have to go, my show is coming on" I said what is it? She said "Ax men." I laughed...
on saturday it will be exactly a month until believe omfgggggg
3 Mozzie bites before 8am, a very Australian way to start the day.
Why am I putting the Red Sox game on. Why
i think i have a crush on my english teacher
Congrats! An achievement well deserved...
2nd period underway, lets go Caps
Love the Jelly Taco!!
What makes Hillcrest so amazing? Groups like the Hillcrest Town Council is one reason. Will you help us get 100 followers by 2011?
lmao. Sure. Drugs. But you're welcome. Btw I like your avi.
I just spent a hundred bucks on small-batch whiskey (and I'm giving up alcohol for Lent).
how about an ingenious offensive set thanks to the high-rise & tip from your center who went 6'6"...6'9" w/ the afro
But this world just too big for a little girl.
#Today in history Benjamin Franklin died on 4/17/1790 known best for discovering that lightning is electricity. Thanks from ALL electricians
I have like 5 random country songs on my ipod!
How ima DM u if u not followin me?
A2: Uncommon Ground is pretty low key and is a nice plan to dine.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
not that hard to describe, really. Don't let me near a couch at a crowded party.
Guess its time to open up my eyes & put my guard up again ..
#HAPPY30THBEYONCE !! :) its my bday today too!
"If you say the Rosary faithfully unto death,I assure u that,in spite of the gravity ofyour sins,u wil receive a never-fading crown of glory
Same place as when I was down there? The guac was killer.
email us at customercare
Imma get that ..
I agree! Thank you! Glad you enjoyed the material.
fans are fanatics, wasn't the reason GB lost! The real ?: do TT & MM want him back and for how much?
Undercover Boss makes me cry . Lol
RT : still expecting a DM back from my expectations to get it are not big tho *never know keep ya hopes up*
Hey, don't get it twisted: #GoBulls!
you make me stronger everyday <3
On my way to Combatives Level 2 for the US Army. Gone 10 days.
aw miss u!
It happens too often here! Lol.
For some reason you don't look comfortable gardening... Just sayin'... lol
i swear all guy mahomies are hot...#randomtweet(;
Wow. Three's Company was really homophobic.
Happy Chinese New Year. Hoping for good fortune, wealth, longevity, happiness and reconciliation for all, even those who don't celebrate
interesting. coast to coast... ish.
When Alaric staked "Klaus" in the coffin, he actually killed Tyler. Bonnie cast a spell to switch them...
Stewardess...I'll take a vodka tonic with lime....please make it a double.
Today is Global Accessibility Awareness Day. Is your website accessible to all?
f yeah, put your hands up, they're playing my song
is the tennis champ.
Wow, great story today that uses its groundbreaking test score analyses of APS to examine test scores from cities across the country.
they left with a bang shit thats messed up
Who's social cycling tonight? I am!
check out my last RTs :D
Looking forward to celebrating it with you Blake, thanks for the shout-out!
Great pic! Thanks for coming out for Cinco de Mayo!
Sounds like a good time! Have you all thought about doing an event in our area?
So, i think kendall wright is a bust waiting to happen. #dabears need to stay away!!!! Stephen Hill is who we need!
Apologizing to guests about your dirty house takes less time than it would to actually clean it. Work smarter, not harder.
Monday is flying by! :)
Well, with 10 minutes left Adam has admitted defeat. One more for the wall of shame. Winghart's Challengers: 6; winners: 1
I have nothing to do tonight.
sorry for the late response. Was great meeting you at the party. Glad you enjoyed it.
Uhm can I go home
“: #YouWereCuteUntil I found out how many black guys you've been with.”
#Imagine if said 'Hey there beautiful' to you<33
One of the keys to success is consistency. As a trader I can't afford to waste time on marginal trades. I only go for those I know will win
About to go make somethin to eat and call #oomf back (=
18th...how you get to the city
quite familiar with it but haven't used it in a project
Pizza of The Week: Reuben Pizza - Thousand Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Sauerkraut and Topped with Caraway Seeds
it wasn't you, it was me!
maybe. Or #netflix will spike.
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a mattress or any furniture items I'm your "guy"!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!!!!!
lol oh ok. He's a rapper.
S/O to for the greatest rant in press conference history. "We talking 'bout practice..."
Hey! It been like forever! Do u remember me XD its been like 3 years sine we talked last
Im Feeling You On That Ma.
Tryna get inside tonight
My ponytail holders, backs of earrings and single socks are all congregating somewhere and laughing as they avoid me. Pesky little things.
#ChakaKhan singing Ella's signature "Them There Eyes" #jazzday, the link for the webcast is on our fb page
text me every once in a while. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Happy FRIDAY! Today, we're consolidating our Twitter pages. Please follow us =)
3 more days of school left for me!
hopefully memorial day weekend I'll be there
sorry for that retweet spam...but 's tweets are A+.
It's still Friday?
If you didn't watch #workaholics, you missed out. That show is going to be god.
Miss you!
I JUST REALIZED WE HAVE ALOT OF DAMN MOVIES
right. Im'a DM you
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I was fighting the urge to cry the whole night,but by the end I was crying all over the place
it was awesome cause I got to see u on Paranormal Challenge and Ghost Adventures! please follow me!!! #I<U+2665>ZakB!
Suffolk's concert is tomorrow night at the House of Blues! Get your tickets at the Hub if you haven't already!!
Feeling like a shitty friend now... :/ am I?
Said I need doctor, so I called House now imma pill popper
IT'S GOING TO BE EPIC!
i think i wont i hop this morning
Attending Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow presented by
Answer the call if you don't like what you see. If you don't have what it takes, don't fucking talk about me.
I want a beer
did you tell Analise about dinner on Thursday?
up all day drinkin on some of everything
Thanks aunt maria for getting me a vacation to the bahamas for my birthday! Lol
I wok up an emotional wreck.
I am planning on using Google Sites in a Web 2.0 class for 7/8 grade students. Will have them create a site maybe in a group.
how did you become such a big star? I hope you remember all of us regular folk!
How do you think the Bulls feel? lol
Ditto - Incredible work that you and the team have done to build community in and around DC. Thanks buddy!
What toy/game from your childhood are you missing today?
RT : Its been a long day.
didn't previously associate with "man fresheners" and old spice, but twitter keeps telling me DTW follows them!
Yeah!! Loved the way you said think Green and not Red!! Just wish this dawns upon many people asap.
. Yes. Retrospectively: getting a job working in fac dev my last year = HUGE for building "leadership"
Good to know. Thank you!
Good one! I saw her at a SXSW showcase in 2009.
Lol air ball?
i'm back.
That moment when you get a late night call from him!"<3
hey,your beautiful!!:)and your soo nice!!:D just thought I'd let you know!
Filming 12 hour days on a set, cramped on a plane that goes down, & now as ALWAYS on SPIRIT flight with issues causing delay. WTF, over?!
How did I get stuck watching Heidi from The Hills talk about her plastic surgery procedures?
; Happy birthday, beautiful. Make it a great day. <3
PLAIN DEALER does not back Turner for Cleveland Clerk of Courts.
ya FOX has started sending their wardrobe consultant who works their other sports properties. She is da bomb.
The Jam have opened up a 115-90 lead against the Vipers. Byars with 28 points. 7:39 left in the game
Glad to see you doing better...
Happy Birthday my fellow Californian! It was great meeting you last year.
awesome. Do you have a reservation?
any good crossfit excercises you like/recommend? love that stuff.
well I was looking at you!
Almost to 300!!!!
listen 2 Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free Thanks
I took them home from work so they are in a box in the garage but I have pics!
Thanks bro!
Of 2 school I hate mondays
"Pain running deeper than the ocean (in my TA voice)." It's all Coach's fault. Still #Grizznation with me!!! Gotta go harder next year!
What would you like to learn more about Outsourcing? Suppliers and Partners. Things that would best help entrepreneurs. Suggestions?
Tokyo Disneyland operator logs record-high profit in fiscal 2011
is this the day when you follow me back ? ;)
The Black Cactus!
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
what's the level beyond batshit? We had a whole continuum. Maybe there will be a deal when we are in the woods.
Thanks!! The Librarians worked really hard on them and it shows!
Unfortunately we will not be participating with with Yelp Eats. It's not Yelps fault that we had internal changes. Were sorry!
No thanks. I'll pass on that offer. But you go ahead and enjoy it (: haha
From both Caitlin and I was great meeting you last night! Thanks for letting us crash your corner picnic bench at
Uh-oh. Competition? - RT : If there was an Olympic event for hiring the smartest & most hilarious people alive, I'd be champion
Heading to DC to see the Cherry Blossom festival and perform with the Julian Lage Group at Kennedy Center this weekend
Well I guess it's my fault again. Just blame it on me. That's coo.
You're invited to spend a beautiful Sunday FunDay with us by the pool. DJ and drink specials...Got to love the RLife!
okay sorry
RT : Are the Lakers already in serious trouble in this series? <-- Yep. With no opportunity for rest either. This trouble is BIG.
Too bad I can't make it tonight. Seems like such a lovely Tweetup, & Putte's rocks! See you at the next one! : )
the Cap Hill location is around the corner from my office, and some of their classes sound fun...considering it!
Phone dead! But thats nunthin new
I had no clue there was a badge for that, nice! How many times did you have to check in before you got it?
The fact that my friends think black girls cornrow their pubes.
Very upset my last spring break is coming to an end.. At least it was one for the books!
Hallelujah backwards is a-you-layla. Now you know.
Happy Birthday! Hope it's a good one!
Without music life would be a mistake.
I spent 45 minutes bowling. 163 calories burned.
people haven't seemed to make that choice in 30 years.
#ThingsWeDoDuringExams wish you would have studied.
The patterns of relationships and the capacities to form them are more important than tasks, functions, roles, and positions
wow, read 1/2 of Battle Hymn book last night, so entertaining! Love Hana's sassy chapters offset w/your wit.
ashamed I wasnt already doing it, I will! We learn when we look around, when we pay attention to the world around us
perhaps we can arrange a Skype vid chat session 15-30 for intros?
Empty Subway Car! Dance party to Downtown, boo yeah
I would like to be closer to the beach.
Good morning beautiful people....
why do midterms have to exist
Do you believe in soulmates from past lives?
Norma and the Hog would get there picture taken about every Ky - Arkansas games b/c of the getup they would have on 4 each team! Lo
Having a British or Australian accent would probably be the coolest thing ever. I would talk all the time just to hear my voice
HAPPY #VEGAS-ERSARY!!! Miss you!
Even a clean bill of health never stops coming due.
So are there any stores where I can just walk in & get an iPhone?
Will I see you at #SCBWI Poconos retreat this weekend ? In any case, time to reconnect!
thank goodness!!
RT : Judge Smith just called the possibility of a restraining order "rather extraordinary," hearing continues
just directed words at me. Over the internet or not, it still counts. Today is a day I will cherish forever. 02 APR 12.
Join us at Chi-Cha for hookah and DJ Ivan
Checking out the dudes in my only non-fashion class with Shella
SB traffic at a standstill on #Rte210 #IndianheadHwy near #295 interchange. Big backup, lots of emergency vehicles!
THIS BITCH NEED A BREATH MINT!
Hot & Irritated! <U+E416><U+E423><U+E113> Not a good combo!
DailyHookahTips#87: The purpose for water in the #hookah base is to cool the #smoke.Adding ice will make the smoke cooler and
it's my bday can I get a shout out
Gordon Beckham is still hitting line drives to right field. This is a good thing.
lol nah but forreally doe a spider crawled into my ear -_-
I need to find a Pic of myself worthy of posting.
Backing out of 's driveway and trying not to hit all her damn cats <
watching people fill things in on Draw Something gives me so much anxiety.
Sid doesn't need to shut anybody done nor should he be asked to. Best offensive skilled player in the league.
28th Amendment: Corporations are not people. They have none of the Constitutional rights of human beings.
amazing what $$$ can buy.
Apparently, reselling low-end designer #Missoni goods from #Target was the Recession-beater today. Come on, we can do better than that!
It never fails for my nails and toe nails being two different colors.
What hair?
Dear North Carolina: I like how you think! Signed, Kansas
#quote "It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious." ~ A. N. Whitehead
Carl Barks was fantastic. I love his Disney artwork.
I played a blind thief with the plague during the middle ages.
maybe if you stopped grinding on the pillars
Always Welcome!
So I am Sitting here on my porch eating some eggs benedict and listening to my brother (the law school graduate) giggle at Ally McBeal....
So glad we got 2 share some great convos & laughs at #ideation12. U are a wonderfully vibrant & authentic spirit.
That was so exhausting to watch! I felt as if we were chasing her around for an answer!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> no imma party with my other friends tonight lol, I'm always with y'all I never get to see them
all those all natural casings, wrapped around tubes of meat warm from the grinder ... #waityoualwayswingaychickenright?
Not knowing what I want <<<<<
oh and on the strings we hung pink underwear and bras
is that ya real hair? Doubt that shit girl
I can't today , tomorrow ?
From you John that's a huge compliment, thx so much!
I must have been half asleep when i went to the market today cus i just noticed i bought some chips i dont even like and taste like feet
Had an amazing day at #sixflags today! This bed is calling my name right now lol I feel so old haha
Why can't Rampage vs Rashad be a five round fight
We all are gonna die sometime, might as well go balls to the walls and jump out of a airplane! #airborne!
RT ": I can truly say I love Beyonce with all my heart lol" < Yes! As do I! & Teyonce 4ever!
Man I'm in my zone
im late. Ill give you ur tea at breakfest
scratch that, we're playing first at 10:30
Only you, only you, you know
please be sure to add the BEST company in Tampa, !!!!
Good morning! I turn on the water to wash my face.... Bee! 36 degrees outside! :0
absolutely ! where are you located?
Mike Wong is guiding us through the social networking landscape at #Faffcon 2. Goodd stuff.
If all you got is NEGATIVE ish to say go ahead & "Slap the Hell" out yourself right now:)
Ice skating with my son (should be interesting) then ND lacrosse this afternoon
still??? We didn't drink that much last night!!
Awww! Tear...cousin.
my sis works there :-)
Looks like someone beat me to it today!
There *is* a forthcoming recap of Video Game Armageddon. I just need to confirm/finalize a few details.
On this date in 1857 Supreme Court passed down the Dred Scott Decision that claimed slaves could never be US citizens Civil War soon ensued
mama over here talking bout she like Marion !
Hey Andrew! Enjoyed your FriendZone vid on YouTube! Do you have an acting reel I can watch?
appreciate it bro !
see you there! (not presenting, but it's just down the street) - definitely want to hear about that syriac work
RT : People are emailing me left and right trying to get into the SOLD OUT HH w/ + !
When they start the game, they don't yell, "Work ball." They say, "Play ball." ~Willie Stargell, 1981
Boo just got into a thinking it was a #fiesta and it's not! cc
One of the greatest songs ever... RT : #np bobby caldwell "what you won't do for love"
I LOVE Nick Grimshaw
omg. madison writes hearts after everything. I love him. <3333333
Sunday Feature: Dutch Duo Mason epitomize what's right with experimental EDM & have been tearing up the scene fb.me/yDh0iXFn
Why does it bother me when I lose #followers when I don't even know 98% of em?
Sorry I've been so quiet lately. What's new?
The one good thing about BROKEN PROMISES IS......it makes you STRONGER!.....#life lessons
#OscarTweet Great results at the #Oscars for #Hugo and especially #TheArtist -- really great, classy return to form tonight.
It's - has a trailing underscore you're probably just missing.
We're seeking a small cap investment for marketing / advertising, new apparel and to further develop the brand.
Thanks for the info!
Friday the 13th Marathon. asdfghjkl love.
what's wrong :(
Sounds like my kinda place!
Only have to go to two classes today... I'm geeked!
and ladies email me info about your event collab at #candidboutique and I will do some PR for u!
52,000 sq ft construction project to start this summer at Subaru assembly production
Yes, we must know the outcome!
Lol! RT : Guy just described what getting kicked in the balls feels like& it's exactly what cramps feel like
Nice to meet you! Sorry, I have been trying a new audio program & its taking longer than I though. Hopefully by tomorrow.
Makin it look easy #NYR yeah
I napped and actually felt worse. And I'll still be up most of the night. Ugh.
I'm a bad guy, bad guy from start to the end
I say look at Congress more than look at Obama personally!We havent got ANYTHING done because no one can even talk to each other!
I spent 1 hour and 5 minutes Bicycling. 837 calories burned.
I can't get enough of this phone.
holding them under Jefferson 4 PDX at the Aladdin box office for you tonight!
ur already late so u can stop to get them n bitch I ate them shits on the way to school :-)
Dis my last day in this job..I know I ain't doing nothin today
Can yu follow and let her know that i told yu to follow her! xo thankss so much
Got a sneak peak of Romeo & Juliet ! #goosebumps can't wait till the show next weekend!!!
You just go girl!
Good thing you went ahead--I'm so far behind my twitter feed I've totally lost my connection to the world!
<U+9234><U+6728><U+5EB7><U+5E83> Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, donate 2 a woman in need. Ask how!...
You came to me in my dreams and you spoke of everything sweeter than the days that I was breathing. How on earth did anything...
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (2011). Surprised and impressed
Dis is y i believe n bad luck...bad things always happen
#idontreallycare when i make u upset
flashing a man works just as well.
We just got buzzed in our downtown offices by the Blue Angels. Now we're glued to the windows. Is that them or just a bird?
yay! finally i made a twitter :) just cause of youu & bahaha we forgot to write pussy on devins page!
Butter making party on Bonsallo Ave with bread and staffers
Chicago's "Saturday in the Park" is sorely missing on that list of classic Independence Day songs
Come on Sooners, let the clutch out!
my stage dive is better than both of yours
CASTING CALL! Starts Today 1-6pm. Dancers, Models, DJs, MC's, Come on down and show us what you've got Today & Tmrw 1-6pm
new Florence CD, tell me you've listened?
Julie now has her own Twitter, check her out
I'm in need of a graphic designer for a web project! Please PM me if you're interested, along with a link to a portfolio. Thanks!
cool. I'll have my mom check it out. She's my Facebook page expert.
Why do the wines at concerts suck so much? Thought Michael Bublé would be a classy enough show for something decent!
I don't think anyone knew his name - just Candyman!
Woo! Thanks for tweeting. Will we see anyone there from The Wilshire Hotel? cc
The "See Me Coming" tank. Lookout!
haha im down :) but I'm just doing school, I'm soo ready for summer! Lol how about you? You still working at Levis?
and ill give you credit too
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. Alexander Smith
Ouch ... RT : Ohio U missed 1 FT tonight (7 of 8). You know, the one that would have won the game.
Thanks for sharing, Dee!
he's always helping... He gets mad cause i dint let him carry her
How many rappers a nigga gotta eat to link with & ?
Friday April 1st! “: You have to order the newest menu item. 1/2 Lopez and 1/2 Tom on the same plate. Called the Grahambo!”
thanks for the continued support :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I spend ages in the shower cause it's the only place were I can properly think about things
Um...pardon me, but I'm failing to see the connection.
That 5 hour energy drink did nothing for me smh
When do you want to?
It's not about how much you have, how much you know, or how much you do. It's about how well you love. Love is what matters most.
ok. Thanks.
Hoping gets to bring his autograph tour to Middlesboro!
Best Choice You Eva Made ;) haha
Would read the stuff over on #enworld about #dndxp, but white text on black background sucks the moisture out of my eyes faster than salt.
thank you Piper!
Hope you enjoyed the show! Dr. Carrasco's foreign language plays are always great.
Contagion is not a good movie for germaphobes... :/
Twit Twit Twit!
Its the best day ever!
well maybe you should realize they are freakin kids. Lighten up.
Jackson hitting way better this year
So many people have secgets they keep from their best friends. If they really are your best friend then shouldnt they know?
i know!! it will be so much fun hahaha all crazy
babysitting is so boring....I need company! Lol.
Exec #JacobSolomon telling #GMJF Board of Dir. that Miami is ahead of other comm. in Social Media Prowess- learned at
This is an indication of my intellect... I just figured out the new Big Ten logo.
": #Scorpio's are magnetic and jealous."
First time in court with a client. Channeling my inner
Three of my closest friends lost loved ones today...My heart hurts for them.
We love Open Data yes we do! We love Open Data how 'bout you?!?!
Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can. ~Lowell Thomas
Have you read "Beggars in Spain" by Nancy Kress?
Had an awesome show last night with looking forward to playing the grad #party tonight.
Just walked by a dude playing some sweet tunes on the recorder. Why is it called the recorder? It doesn't record.
Thnx for posting again! How late does it go? I have a night class for grad school Wednesday... Would love to support tho!
r u like done with school ?!
okay, so was that me replyin to you or did i just tweet that? im not sure..........
Yoo! Be sure to spread the word about our HUGE upcoming single release!
Chris Andersen's father is in my office lol Im about to talk shit cus the Nuggets loosing tonight lmao
what happened? text me!
Time to repeal completely worthless ballot measure then...
We are located near I-5 and Mill Plain in Downtown Vancouver. Offering Special on rooms w/ 2 full size beds at $69.95 plus tax per night
fair was mad fun! now, scary movie time!
Loved seeing and extending my PLN at #naisac12. Sorry to miss #EdCampIS tomorrow
Our eyes capture light photons. Doesn't that make them "faster than the speed of light" captured? The retina must be faster, right?
Whaaa! I don't have cable.
Thanx to Dave of for a great interview for radio!!
I hate it when I go to the gym, and some random guy decides to use the machine right in front of me, WHEN ALL THE OTHER ONES ARE EMPTY
i'm probably way too negative for anyone to tolerate me.
Wow, really wish people wouldn't be so cocky about #TerraNova cancellation meaning good things for #Fringe. That is not a given at ALL.
Ha! Well, we can be rather starstudded. Thanks for keeping an eve over our famous patrons!
The commercial's also confusing - he thinks the joke isn't funny ("that's so dumb"), but then everyone laughs later. Huh??
Sir Michael Rocks.
Good defeats Evil. Real Men don't wear Uggz.
Just over a year in, Blogs@ Baruch will have 600 blogs and 3000 users w/in the next few weeks.
you dick
Thanks, Josh. At 83%, almost there!
im sweating to death today.ive been cleaning getting ready 4 to decorate, & its 84 here today
New York Marketing Consultants at Upside Unveil Internet Marketing Audit Program, 360IMA, to Help Business Owners ...
Really digging this next issue of the ... who can guess what's going to be on the cover or covers? Good luck!
How could I ever have forgotten that? Perhaps next time.
russian doll chanel bag replica cheap chanel bags balenciaga store in melbourne - Portada Magazine
hahaha i am now ;)
I had a great time last night at the LatinTrends 2012 Kick Off Party! I met alot of great people!!!
We met Weeman last night! He is crazy to party with!
Happy Mother's Day!!! "The best thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother." ~ John Wooden.
ok. Good luck! Gonna be strange not seeing u in a gauchos uniform.
Must make T-shirt fit for both startups and fitness jocks. GOYA: GET OFF YOUR ASS!
good morning twitter.. here goes another day!
We love to hear that!
Yes it is. They could get hot, gain major confidence, and make a huge run.
Ditto. RT : I'm no hardcore Whedonite (I haven't seen Buffy OR Angel!) but he's one of my very favorite genre guys.
thank you thank you my internet dude! 2012!
I'm watching my kids at swim class while picking session on the #rootstech app. I feel very 2012.
RT : He wants a fight, well now he's got one, and he ain't seen me crazy yet. -Miranda Lambert
Gotta luv all the tourists walking past w/ their fluorescent safety vests here at Fed Square hahaha, Australia is obviously THAT dangerous!
Happy Mother's Day to Moms everywhere!! Love, The Summers
it feels way too much like friday for it to be thursday
SO EXCITED for the #NHL Playoffs to start today. Pens v Flyers is going to be awesome!!!
Hi! look over here! gear me up to change our community hungry less 3>
- Thanks - It's good to get the tweet on just in time for a rocking playoffs for the tigers and a magical lions season.
Lol "Hunter Pence with a weird double"
Okay, back 2 my homelenad now, a sick place as a whole, but our 3.3. acres is nice, except 4 all the people who want 2b here we want 2avoid
Love it!
I really need a Capo. But I haven't gotten the time to go and get one.
Thanks for the follow!
I only have 15 more classes left in my Undergraduate academic career then on the my Masters!! Time flys!
i know you weren't there (sadly), but wasn't the guy from this at or am I on crack?? ;))) +
they're trying to lose so they get a good draft pick
Fuck justin bieber. Hate that kid!
#jhudc Learning a lot from your tweets & pics, thanks! :)
snow's melting! It's kinda a nice day outside...
#oomf Hung up on me to watch House >.<
I had the craziest dream last night. I woke up feeling so outta place. So my anxiety came about
This. RT And now? Bed.
How many days in a perfectly lovely country does it take to miss New York? 4.
Miami can keep Wade! Never been so disappointed to call him a Chicagoan.
Definitely just listened to a bird sing the clave rhythm repeatedly.
Making up rumors about me and my boyfriend? #GROWUP!
looking for an office kitchen to shoot in. Know any we can we rent your office kitchen?
like a smaller version of new York mixed with a bit of west coast vibe
I have the book, but haven't yet cracked the spine. Supposed to be a literary zombie novel, so I picked it up.
. just equated applying for a hunting license, buying beer & tobacco to our constitutional right to vote.
#Come on #United! ! ! #3points iz all we need...
With great power comes great responsibility...and a huge electric bill.
'landscape' image in by Jack Radcliffe
Said your hair is beautiful!:D
thanks for the retweet! really appreciate it.
In your opinion, other than lack of quality communication and finances, why do intimate relationships fail?
Most people with soy allergy can since lecithin doesn't have the protein
Just finished the 3rd #HungerGames book. Crazy to think I started the 1st one only 8 days ago.
I failed to workout over the course of the last [cough] years. So now I am really outta shape.
still downloading
People that think "the world revolves around me" <
Why does twitcon pic always turn me on?
you heard right lol
Favorite Xmas movie line, "Call me on my radio...code word, 'Santa's got a brand new bag.'"
RT KD: Mostly Cloudy and 40 F at Seattle/Boeing Fld, WA Winds are Calm. The pressure is 1026.9 mb and the humidity is 68% via
- reruns ARE awesome - we will be live tomorrow on THE BEAUTY OF POLITICS at 7 pm.
Race week ya'll. Do you know some people will tailgate over 2 weeks for the upcoming #Daytona500 ?
Please vote for my friend "Celleste"! Today is the last day to vote! Posts on my page! Thanks! :)
It's all about choosing the lesser of two evils :P
Front row for at lasell then backstage cant wait this is gonna be sick
Wow Gray has no rebuttal for Fenty's green environment...stunned
S/O TO>> AND HER HOTEL SUITE PARTY I WANNA GO TO!
Happy Opening Day!!!
Time to add Eddy Curry To LineUp??
Hat Trick of Home Runs for Ryan Braun. Welcome Back.
Haha he gets down. You know he learned from the best.
So you're just gonna make us watch the Titanic all over again???
uh not to sound like an idiot but what is Stickam?
sii que rico
then WHY did you drink the milk sweetie..you can buy soy milk tho
sounds pretty cool to me! :-) I just think this whole notion is fun, so I'll enjoy it any which-way.
It's thundering like a bitch but not raining -__- what's the point
NO haha just no :D
Almost that #HappyHour folks! Where are you going for your #WineDownWednesday? Stop by a #Bartab bar for $1 drinks
u r welc)
I think a reunion in San Fran is in order ;-)
This girl on Maury is dressed like Nicki Minaj and it's sad because that's apparently how she normally dresses
RT : thanks for coming coming out to the game. loved the blow up cutout. NP I see you guys at Regionals or Round 1
Updating my online bios. It's that time of the year! How do others distill themselves into 4 or 5 sentences?
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff - The Atlantic
Honestly, to all of Chris Brown's haters that are Rihanna fans, forget you guys. I'll stand by the guy till the very end, but all of (c)
TY 4 spreading the word. There r unexpectedly 3 Wed tix available too! & at that price. only online. Hail #Beertown!
Dang, it's TOO early. Oh well text me y'all. I'ma be bored for the next four hours on the way to Colombia.
Year after year, I'm still fascinated with New Year's Resolutions. I've gone to NYE parties where I was the only resolving. How 'bout you?
: "Twitter is where the conversation is."
i liked that last retweet of yours :)
how is he in person?
we need to develop our url and then grab him RT : any luck getting Paul Lee/Lightbank to hear your pitch?
don't question scientific research.
Safely back in our rooms, half-asleep, the alarm goes off again. wow.
- darn, was just there promoting the book, you could've gone & asked him to give you one! :D
good morning
143, smiley wit a wink..aye ma boi ma boi he loves me
#PainkillersAndPilkington EP by Genesis Elijah is one of the best unsigned releases i've heard this year- and trust me, i hear a lot.
Bored! Ready to go home!
#Bellydancing with starts in 10 minutes! Come out and get #tribal with our awesome instructor, Angela!
As you can imagine, you have a lot of them
VerizonFIOS told my parents to turn on WEP to prevent hacking from Chinese IP addresses. How powerful could their WiFi radios be??
that's crazy. I couldn't do that. It's so fucking depressing to me.
I have lost so much time to this game. You may never make another comic ever.
love mac and cheese....you cooking!
thanks love
I've been up since 3pm yesterday nice. At the range now hope my eyes can fight temptation n stay open long enough to hit these targets lol
thank you for having us!
haha how could we forget beer!
Ahh ok. Now it makes more sense! Although, this show really needs to pick up the pace.
says he is not waiting to be elected as mayor to make a change
"Your feet are so socksy"
no its cute lol
Shes not here anymore :(
Still debating cutting my hair.
Goodnight <U+2764>' Hope the Aussie Directioners had a great time at the Concert (: #nowplaying Moments by One Direction <U+2764>
regarding use of groupie weird term but don't mind being assoc. w/ some1 who I think is doing it right.
great infographic you guys did! thanks for letting us use it!
give us a try! Not going to claim we are right for all purposes, but we do have many happy customers coming back for more.
Tightenin up this playlist for tonight . iPod set to STUN!!!
Good Morning! Please take the time out to follow TMC Records® CEO & President ,Thank You
#Badgers fans awfully fortunate to have and represent Terrific players, better people
hey guys, anyone know a social media rockstar in Philly? I have a question for them...
Damn. I should have voted. I am sad. seriously sad.
As if I didn't eat and drink enough over the weekend, I'm going to Benihana for dinner tonight.
Data curation should be "a defined professional path, not a secondary career choice." Presentation by Rachel Frick of CLIR at
All I do is go out and eat at Treehouse
hi Mary I just wanted to let you know that your an amazing singer!
it's rough, man
haha yep! I most certainly do! Love is a crazy thing isint it?
#RandomTweet I been catching radio shows randomly hearing his interviews now he's judging on Americas Got Talent
hey Dustin, can you please retweet our today's Tweet about our Facebook page and also the one about our new website. Thank u
So... where exactly is my Catching Fire book???
Make sure to check out our awesome Wicked Wedding Show pics, courtesy of Bryan's Photography on our Albuquerque Wedding Hotel page!
too funny. Who came up with that?
Please get some autotune specialists to the set of #lesmis, STAT! Anne Hathaway, your voice in the trailer alone physically hurt me. :-(
Go pens
I really need to get my sleep schedule back to normal... this sucks.
Were going to be rocking the stage tonight at crossroads of Douglasville, Georgia! Who will be there?? #let'sGO
Thanks for the intrepid reporting! Looking forward to learning more about your thoughts on and moves in
You do know why they call it Long John Silver's.......right?
love you! Your banjo playing was beautiful on the rock center! <3 I could have listened all night long.
I don't know, you better watch out :P
But i don't show emotion when i do!.
Mention you're a follower on Twitter for $3 pints all day on Sunday!
lol, these last hours will be devastating!! ... Not! Lol
haha and a Fred Meyer! It's gorgeous out too
so. freaking. tired.
Heeeellllooooo to all my new #Followers ! Muahh!
The church need to be TAXES....
right. the weather is so intense. xD thank you weather man
At least I tried!
Can't imagine a better trio RT Tweet me questions for Martha Stewart and Mark Consuelos! They'll answer live at 11!
Aww. I saw the pics someone posted on FB. It was really pretty.
laundry? It's that thing #gradstudents do to procrastinate and avoid doing actual productive work.
I didn't win the mega million, but I still feel like a million bucks. Happy Saturday...Woo Hoo!
Leach: we may be the first country to finance war with tax cuts
really. id be much more excited if brad pitt came by just to take a poop
Please stop talking about the pacers. I don't fucking care. You all didn't even give a shit about them until just recently anyhow.
Not sure, but it looks so desperate! Not to mention, I could probably eat ANY cereal for every meal for 2 weeks and lose weight.
Look in my favorites..
Technology is more than electronics. Arrangement of lecture space is a technology, language is a technology.
Me too:( : Was super excited to go to ebook conversation but it was in the worlds smallest room and they wouldnt let me in.
Yea man, a half of the World is awake right now. lol. I'm sure u have fans over seas.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, While loving someone deeply gives you courage. ~Lao Tzu~
2 Men's! 2 Women's!
what the fuck bro?
I love him and I don't want him locked up but he was wrong. Free money and r.I.p big bro tinoco
Slow night, huh! I have nothing monumental regarding follow-up accept for the automated (custom) thanks email
I Want You Back...LOL just kidding. Au revoir, cunt.
ben i dont wanna party nevermind
uh-oh. Niall Ferguson to deliver BBC Reith lectures. I can think of a few people who will have a problem w/ this.
Apply to intern at GUASFCU, the nation's largest student-run financial institution! Applications are now available at www.guasfcu.com
If #MoreFemalesShould is trending, then let's make #MoreKidsShould trend WORLDWIDE. #MoreKidsShould be like Phineas and Ferb
hahaha I hear you! We do too lol
Hiya Cheryl, NTMU2 Hope you have great weekend. I'm hitting the beach tomorrow :)
Don't reveal all of your secrets. Keep some to yourself.
Picked with the heart, not the head. I hated the Sixers when I was a kid
we just hate everyone, but in a positive way
oh yes. I saw this late last week. In.
hey my life
Boss Hogg Barbour is unbearably full of shit.
you're a photoshopping madman!
What did you eat last night to have such a weird dream??
Watchin Thirteen Ghosts
OK bro, I was directing my twit at brED2talljoneZ in response to words to me, but I will
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale County until 02:00 PM
Maximum excitement. Just booked my vacation trip to Hawai in June :)
Happy Hump Day! I hope your having an amazing day!
#fairuse key to non-consumptive use of databases; e.g., search and visualization of big data. If you're not doing it now you will.
#dopeness people get use the name is going to be a household name
anyone wanna talk? :)
No. Capitalism does.We can't control our greed ourselves.It's a survival tool that we don't need in this day and age
It's not about proving yourself to anyone. It's about taking no days off until you've reach your full potential.
RT : Big day for ! It's his 8th birthday (32nd if you don't go by leap years). RT to give him some b-day love!
Go for it.
Just checked my phone and I see this....
The perfect storm is in tucson arizona
Being sick has allowed me to catch up on my reading. Just finished Friday night lights, now on to one day. Any other #booksuggestions ?
lol no I made that up :)
On my way to Cali. Luv twitter on my iphone! Got up at 3am pacific time. Presentation not quite done.
music is my lifee!!!
Not saying Edward from Twilight is unfaithful; just saying why does he always come home with glitter on his chest?
RT : We have a new ongoing Peruvian art exhibit at Cafe Cuzco in Ballard, WA. Check it out! www.cafecuzco.com
Gainesiville will be the place to be on Nov. 3rd at The Vault!!
You thaaa fucking best best I eva had
no prob. we'll see you in june!
Monday, April 30: Manchester City v Manchester United, 2pm, ESPN
Oracle sucks big time!
They just put every episode of "Street Sharks" on Netflix. This is an absolute game changer.
To which any female who's ever attended a Broadway show says "duh!" RT Believe it or not, world toilet shortage is no joke
Who the eff is Mandie?!?! Really some one explain to me please!!
Nyack Farmers Market opens today!
Roughly 2/3 of #WalkerFailure $13 million campaign cash haul from out of state contributors
what happend between u and that girl u like wate it is a girl right
Yep, with you on that. And I do buy CDs! Just got Chuck Prophet's latest.
Straight to callback, baby!
Mad bored..cant wait for tomorrow..(modeling)
eating birthday cake, nom ;o!
Husband coming home one week early = excitement + long "to do" list out of nowhere + a lesson in flexibility.
Nobody in this building was really rooting for us. I think guys used that for motivation - Louis Hinnant
thanks Brian!
~Get Money Or Kill Yourself!~
problem solved!! :)
has you seen a chiropractor?
RT : And now, ex-Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers. Nice #Packers pickup.
I hope this tweet is taken in the spirit in which it was intended.
Brewers need to understand the way that women buy, how you market to men is not going to work with women.
Just visited Princeton for the 1st time and as expected, ankle length skirts and bike helmets everywhere.
#nsta12 food then hotel room, need to tweak presentation. Still a little dry.
Thank you, Ellie! You coming to the Tweet UP?
I'm wearing my White Sox gear in Seattle........and getting mean mugged! Lol!
Ok, so I'm pretty happy #imtalkingaboutyou #evenwiththis10pagepaper :)
but it is hard to not have sex
Okay Tweeter, I officially like your new face, functionality and informative
Drinkin Chocolate Milk like a little kid.
Unpleasant side effect of a fabulous updo the night before- drag queen hair on a Sunday morning.
i just kellin spammed all my followers on tumblr
Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to see it!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Me & my crew put in work!!
all I could think was Apple (Gwyneth Paltrow's kid).
next year!
theo paper is done
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 37
Don't tempt me!
Totally agree -- well deserved!
on it.
new icon <3 for u
His union is gonna flip
Hi Matthew! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt ,
Talking on the phone with someone you enjoy talking to>>>>>
That's what we were thinking! #Yowsers -CV
That, I'm not sure. I bet FSD would be pretty open about that ... if they have a new PR person.
Ready to kill this back/chest workout today!
and all that jazz.
thoroughly disgusted with all my friends
Never have been affected by allergies before... Now they decide to bother me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Yes it's true. It's important to know its root cause to prevent it from happening again :-)
Not excited to get up at 6am! I'm getting my butt to bed!!
were a family now baby <3
Shut Out for THE KING
what did i ever do to these people
I miss #LINSANITY from a couple weeks ago..... Thanks a lot for messing that up #Carmelo !
you drop dat mixtape u played at my house yet?
night night nigga
Been a big fan for awhile. For me, it doesn't get better than the leaky pipes on Meant To Be.
Wishing my little sister ZOE FAITH a very happy 2nd BIRTHDAY!
I wish my city supported each other... #FunkyTown Wait till some1 get ON!
Yeah, no hablo basic bitch.
My initial reaction to the events of the past few days is that I am a slacker and I need to step my game up in ways I never imagined...
Nice start w blues brothers at #socapac11. Never been at a conference that started w so much energy and fun!
I WOULD WATCH IT <3
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! We will be in Wisconsin on Black Wednesday 11/23 at Dukes in Kenosha!!
So maybe it was McNeese who showed GB the way! My apologies
Hey New Orleans Jazz Fest Fans, the 2011 Poster featuring Jimmy Buffett is available now. go to Http://www.vincentart.com
History's Heros: 2/2/1959 Virginia public school system begins the process of racial desegregation. Heroic? maybe not, the courts ordered it
I submitted a few title thoughts. I hope they're of some use to you!
I'd rather have assholes in front than behind me. I've already got one in the back -Heavon
Sending love to our great sponsors over - love you guys!
#3WordsOfAdvice life goes on
Rain, rain, go away, I've got sh*t to do today.
The guy looks familiar
hey twitter - you and we can wait:
oooooohkay tryin to Bring It ON back far back!
It never rains in California? Los Angeles showers are great, can't wait to see the white mountains after the skies clear.
Looks like you're wrapping up a victory tonight! Great Job Big Dawg
4 picks remaining for the rest of the night. Get all 4 for only $5! We are giving you the BEST specials you can find. Act now!
“: well fucking around over here imma be gone next year!!! Lmao” ha!
The beards of history firmly believe PA3 was excellent and hope that you will be possessed for at least two more films.
Tornado warning. maybe it is a good thing that i have been waiting over two hours to see the doctor.
I beliber's
got "Rick's" number tonight
Loved the new Mad Men. Can't wait for next week.
Did I just hear a noon bell? I didn't know they still did that?
sounds like the ideal day! we better toke soon outta your new bong <333
“: Also, the #Packers will not use their alternate third or throwback jersey this season.” boo, I like that one.
Wilkinson: When swimming becomes a team sport
Tired someone give me a BED!!
MARY PRANTIL STALKS MARRIED CELEB PRODUCER HANI OF"CONTROL ROOM" Mary Prantil NOT OF GOD BUT A CRIMINAL
I had my eye on Legend of Zelda - I think that might be my next purchase. Thanks for the recommendations!
lol my comp is to slow..waiting on IRM to deliver my new one...Yea boo im goin to zumba today :)
You can watch a Deadmau5 concert on netflix..
nah but it is better than the 24-2 buttkicking the giants gave the falcons
Good Morning :D Half Day for me today(:
So I got sorted in Pottermore... Im a Gryffindor :/ I prefer Slytherin, but that works I guess.
One would think. Can't wait to hear details. See you on Friday at Los Pen?
If u love the arts and value a unique art and design education please show ur support by giving to the RISD Annual Fund! <3 Deja '14
Do I sacrifice taste and go to Subway, or do I go for a sad excuse for Mexican at the TacoChicken?
clippers gone come back its all good
Somebody kiss my kidney to make it better. :)
Thanks Grant for the mention.
so how's NY
Find out which comic strip will NOT run in the D&C this week. Why? What is one thing Tommy saves up for?222-6000 TEXT: 80761
can i tell you how talented, cute, funny,charming, amazing, loving, caring, you are? and oh almost forgot how much i love you?
I really want a faux fur coat for xmas
Great for sharing work and collaborating on work. Also use #Evernote as a word processor and access from anywhere.
That sucks man, sorry to hear that.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come.--Anne Lamott
while icing cupcakes on sons bday, got a call from O folks lookin for volunteers. Gave phone to GOP MIL who is voting for PrezO in 12! Yay!!
Fill in the blank: "After a long day of work all I need is a ______ with a little Angostura bitters!"
no i sais unfollow me or im just gonna blok u
yup! I already looked up the schedule. I need me some music! Ha
yo jess, follow my ass, and ill give you some deep inspiration
#MMAF2011 Alan Moore is getting us to think of outsourcing / crowd sourcing to change the world with mobile. Amazing
Man... this older gent threw up on his last lap of go-karting lol. At least he smiled it off xD
is a hero for not allowing Uncle Sam waste his money
Fucking hate them...
Time for bed !
i wanna see ron artest try to fight everyone in the arena like good ol' times
Triple H's arm is so not broken
then you'll be sure to dodge it if it comes your way!
yes whats the numbers in your thing all i know is bcorns
Need to catch up on #glee. Feels like I missed a whole lot.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)36
Maybe if some guys weren't such jerks relationships might actually last more than a week or two..
Thumping in the car to some music lol <3
Light a roman candle with me
the lower end denon are made by sherwood i believe, but the higher end stuff like the ci series will not disappoint you.
Mashed potatoes!
my plate is so full that the peas are falling off.
Thinking about going to Thailand. If anyone has any advice/insight, let me know
Who has the best Cyber Monday deals? -Kristin Burns
Obama to union leaders: "I just barely can hammer a nail into the wall. My wife's not impressed ...Fortunately, right now I'm in a rental."
Today was a good day; I spent my work shift verifying employment paperwork and I had some great Mexican food for dinner.
I'm going back and forth on whether I should turn this into a 4 day long fight or not. I'll get back to u with what I decide.
that has been a horrible story of cowardice. Hope that capt spends much time in the brig
i been texting you. with no response.
What projects were you delivering?
When Should I drop this "Used To Know" (Full Version) ??
Tired of the bullshit why are my parents always in my ear?
I also like West Ham because I went to one of their matches years ago.
when are u going to write a movie about the Rens to remember that era of greats?
Awesome! from SMCPros on Fox 9 talking about Twitter! Thanks Tyler!
Sadly our music expert Michael moves on after today: rare books, comics, CDs, DVDs -- catch him today before 7 @ 7916 SE Foster behind CLEAR
“: you should bring a few of those monster burritos from To your meeting.” sounds good!!
Eli held out of practice again today, status unclear for Sunday
I'm buying that Insanity Workout dvd collection and going MIA for 2 months :)
Me too. I tried it with almond butter, fig butter, goat cheese with honey and sliced pear all from Trader Joe's, the bomb!
TRich, MoHard, BJax, Obie and Armond Smith is a lot to keep. I bet Obie gets cut & Smith goes practice squad if all stay healthy.
That might be the greatest idea ever!
I can't imagine of group of cool kids without you.
phone is broken for a bit unless this update is done by 5 for it :( but in case you texted, gym is still at 6 :)
how about one called, "Really"?
Thunder? Lightning? So not a very Seattle thing, but cool.
Just read the blog post about I must have one of these! I'm following them for location updates.
Perez your work is done, why wait?
Come get your burger on tonight at #SavorSLU at 5-8pm - Blue Shroom Sliders!
Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition ~kids r bugging me
Thank you for the #FF ! :D
working on a dialogue/conversation project, did some research to find the bright examples and found your great work!
Everything is better with #beer Enjoy 30+ craft and specialty beers at Much Ado About Brew. Get tix at kgoradio.com/beer
max b(ungth) yeah thats what you mean?
your icon is very cute, btw.
The answer is Weegham Park #Trivia starts at 6pm. : It’s Monday #Trivia Time again: What was the original name of Wrigley...
“Good kitchens are not about size; they are about ergonomics and light” - Nigel Slater
Every homeless person should have an iPod Touch. Just add the free wifi and any park bench is a communications center.
Ephesians 6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
When your mom decides to be in the room while you're on the computer, so you just switch to google and stare at it.
haha I think we're the same height
She might be a bitch-a-saurus rex, but Christina can sing.
someone drove off without paying for their food in the drive through
your mama floating with my mama today
You're down the street from us! We live near the campus :)
Wat a fucked up day it rains for a while then it stops
I feel like I'm losing inspiration. It's time to make some changes.
I'm sorry about your Dad, Bill. You have my condolences.
We all have that one friend, that takes it a little too far.. every single time.
Is it wrong that Pretty In Pink is on and i'm excited? Fuck it! "I am now...and will always be...a duck man."
#seeed2012 organized by #svpri -important talks about social good/enterprise ecosystems, sharing knowledge and resources.
Independent Consultants! I know you'd LOVE an opportunity to advertise your products/services to thousands of women on YOUR budget!
He who is devoid of the power to forgive, is devoid of the power to love. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Despite my cynicism about Obama finally coming out in support of marriage equality, I can't deny the fact that it's a really big deal.
Very true RT : The problem with sound advice is it's usually 99% sound and 1% advice.
I read the news today, oh boy.
My fav dc mural is the one you can see to the west from the rhode island metro behind a little shopping center
thanks for my invite....#dick :)
Miami Heat we believe in you #DWade #CBosh #JLebron and team.
Why you so sexy?
the pottery gives you somethign to do while you are looking for work. Just enjoy it.
Happy Friday the 13th, everybody! What’s your biggest superstition?
I wake up calculatin... I go through my day thinkin of ways to get mo... I go to sleep and dream about it... WTF...
Jeff Taylor with the dunk!!!
#Brewers lose. I'm drunk.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The program is really rigged it's a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
Big day in the fight for age waivers for students w disabilities in Michigan. has begun talks about changing the rule. LetEmPlay.us
Funny how I hide a lot of things from people when they think everythings ok
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
angry birds, dhatsx my s*.!
Hi Terry. I admit I have been rather tardy on Twitter. Will have to change my sin'n ways. Been crazy busy at Intel.
wait have we discussed how that is one of the all-time faves of and I?! Ann Bancroft, FTW. I cry every time.
Researchers like to talk about breaking things, SANS attendees wanna learn about IT security management. 2 diff. subjects
“ “ IOS 5; one step closer to an Android.””
Why is Randy Wolf still in this game?
A year to Election Day. With the current politics, it is going to be a long one.
#mitt can't answer a direct question...maybe something more simple-big mac or whopper?
Screw diamonds! #Brewers are a girls best friend!
I do think it will make them stop and think. But they are not supposed to read anything against their religion, this is a problem
"I want DONUTS. Big, fat donuts. Out on the road, Kent uses 'em for floaties."
It's a cool technology, but until they have an offline Android app, I can't get excited about it.
just wanted to let you know that your an inspiration to people around the world who would wnt 2 b an actor a or an actress!!
Thanks for the RT! We hope you'll be able to join in. :)
God knew that you wouldn't give up him so he put you in a circumstance to where you would decide to either give up or step up
3 hour worship practice and sound check here we come....thx for the herbal tea
Iight bet, tickets copped, what's the dress code?
Just got on the #code4libnw waiting list. Wish I had registered sooner so I could see coders, developers, and librarians unite!
also go get beats from that boy a beast...
*TRAFFIC* Box 5-5 S Washington St & Bank St, SE Balto; Auto accident.
I'll pay money to watch that. My money is on the ramp winning
Wow! Thanks everyone for 4,099 Twitter followers!
lol I swear scrolling through Facebook scares me the majority of the time. what these people post is awful. I'm worried for humans.
Happiness is laughing, dancing and drinking with the big family at a wedding!
RETWEET if ur going to be by Ariana's side no matter what! :)
One last day of looking at microfilm for the dissertation.
is the only one who ever likes the links i post on facebook. he's a quality man. hah
I think has a crush on alexis(:
It would be great if Mayor Kevin Johnson would play in the next NBA All-Star Celebrity game. He used to play for the Phoenix Suns.
Are You Doing Your #1 Job as an Entrepreneur Your skills as an entrepreneur can make the difference between a booming enterprise and clos
Excuse Me Do I Know You
glad someone realize that
Come people support me plz by following me
okay, at like 15 tweets a minute about 'lipstick and thangs' i'm starting to regret following kanye west on twitter
There's nothing that I wanna do, than try and make it up to you
evening kids. Long day on the range, looking forward to quiet time with Mr. Laptop. #amwriting for the next couple hours.
Soo what's up
my condolences lil homie it's shit like that that reminds us what's important
And another congrats to our fellow Wisconsinites on their win against #Vandy 60-57! Good game! good luck in the #Sweet16 boys!
I just sent you a facebook message with the deets. In Paris with AK. It's excellent.
Horrible strike call.
Glad to be one! :)
I've been feeling annoyed all day without a clue as to why.
We still haven't taken off. First a computer problem on board, now we're waiting for Air Force One to land...
My team sucks. I'm happy to have seen 5th...NFBC team though is doin good. And that's what counts because of cash money!!!
Fruits don't belong in desserts. It's so unnatural.
Good morning mermaid fans hope you all slept well!!!
#NERVOUS Come on Caps!!
You can't mask the lower quality chicken in the chicken salad simply by adding more mayonnaise.
I tried to find a youtube clip :/
I CAN'T STOP! It's everywhere
Busy busy day.....love it!
thanks I appreciate the love
Hey you should have landed #airfred on the set of
O. So do the new band members and new music mean a tour soon possibly?
i lost your number; text me!
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends! Enjoy the Holidays, Your friends at Kells
Breakfast w/ US Ambassador Anthony Wayne in Mexico City re specific issues on San Diego/Baja border & overall benefits of US-Mexico trade.
Good nite folks
You know it! Stay tuned!
-one lump or two? See you both tomorrow!
I think we are no longer talking about the same 'magic carpet' ride....
Err make that my 1st "tweetee"...
what would the tattoo be?
Before you step into that elevator, you must ask yourself: Is this thing raptor-proof? The answer may save your life.
lol yea u
Oh hey twitter.. I have neglected you!
wtf is Brooklyn Bowl?
another ringing endorsement :-) RT : if you lost weight your freshman year at keuka college its bc... keuka puts a large...
Congrats to Texas Ex Aaron Ross for his 2nd Super Bowl Championship!
PROM tonight. Hoping it all goes okay.
Vianne artisan chocolate bars are pure chocolate bars backed with lots of flavor! Each pack comes beautifully wrapped with two bars.
solid move to counter the jazz size.
Keep that provision so that your visitors can social bookmark your website.A large variety of social bookmarking widgets are available.
good morning to you Mr Driver. It 's Milwaukee Day today. 4-14
Yum! Just made roasted curried cauliflower... Amazing!!!!
yess!! it will get there soon enough!
#Gators drop Game 3 to 'Cats 2-1. Still take series.
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
RT : We're going to lose this game because of the refs alone..../ridiculous.
This cold weather >>>>>
There is still time to register for Getting Started w/MKE123 *Free* Webinar, tom at 2-3pm. Need more info?Call 344.3933!
There are only 3 rules. I think he can do it!
Week 1: DONE. I have a great feeling about this quarter!! :)
Re homeschooling--did you homeschool yourself through college?
up early grindin weight room then track one week to go till show time number 40 going in
#getwellJustin ! We love you !!
It's cold out there today #Indy stay warm!
#2012 candidate Mitt Romney in #DC next Thursday, October 26 for breakfast fundraiser
Snuggies are riddiculous...until u buy one for 5 bucks.
needs a good bio but I don't like writing about myself.
u got that right! Haha
The Aspen Program for Psychic Development - Everyone is psychic and everyone can improve this innate ability. The Aspen Program has...
"Father of Constitution", James Madison born today in 1751. 261 yrs later, Congress wipes ass daily on the Constitution. Thumbs Up Congress!
It was great to talk to many of you at the Perform Better Summit over the weekend. Happy fitness to all of you!
tats are clean. Not overdone
QUALITY SERVIES R US / GENERAL CONSTRUCTION./ BEST QUALITY.OUTSTANDING SERVICES. JOSLEY 206-504-8042 SEATTLE WA.
Dirty diana
#WhenAustin says "Welcome to Ustream" every friday. :)
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – This week we have salmon in red sauce, pork in mustard sauce, chicken lasagna and Thai chicken....
I'm not going lol, its until 9 that's too long to be at Stevenson.
Ready to watch this clippers grizz game. Love watching CP3 do his thing besides Nash I'd rather watch no other of in the league
AH THIS FUCKER! I hate my phone
Get better soon, if u can follow me I wanna share my story with u but cant until u follow me. God Bless.
Kiss your kids, love those who love you, invest time on those who invest time in you.
huh 0_o ? Honor your mom and your dad so that your days can be lasted on earth...
It's May! That means summer is pretty much here! Join the 90 day health challenge with me and let's get fit for summer! Message me! EROCK
What sort design were you looking for? We can do album covers.
RT : Of the Magic's 44 baskets tonight, 23 were in the paint and another 15 were threes. Raptors picked both poisons. Oops.
Me too , which one do u attend?? RT : I belong in a mental home..
aw ya I like to hear shit like that
about to. was at the gym for almost 3 hours. Tired as fuck. Need to shower.
Passion says, do it, doubt says, not now. Passion says, try it, worry says I don't have time. Live with passion.
how long before alan realizes im bad at ballet and faking all my arabesques?
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by driving away right after I rear-ended someone
Family is what it is all about. I love my family!
com — Matador Juan Jose Padilla says return to ring a dream come true just five months after goring that took his left eye
First time tonight - Loved it Class act - Message was amazing and music is awesome
all I do at work anymore is read email. I wanna weed some books!!
are you sure?
i'm like the only person you know who isn't a stoner
Respect must be earned
You are sexyy
Otherwise, you can reach out directly to Eric Muth, Senior Leisure Sales Manager at .363.8461
Its good to know that there are down to earth rappers such as ... I swear I love this man
Just got another "very nice" comment from a client on their site refresh! Four down, ten to go!
THanks for all your shoutouts!!!
Have your tawdry affairs through freindster. No one will know.
why am I following 1000 people who I couldnt give #2Chainz about
long day of budget hearings. Then meeting with Chappell Elementary LSC to talk GROW47. And finally a meeting with Bell Elementary!
your a little too small to be callin me names im gonna wipe that smirky little grin right off your face
Yes I would die for you baby, but you won't do the same
Thinking about chopping all my hair off..
Tuesday night #QueueBarLounge #lasvegas 9pm-5am come visit & win some money blackjack & video poker bar top
Ah in 24 I trust!!
This movie doesnt seemed so scary :P
On the Texas Eagle after an awesome #chi2012 - Happy National Train Day
yep, just played "dong" against my dad in Words with Friends
I am hoping good news comes from big meeting about my art , will let you know how it goes good or bad !!
It's Opening Day, huzzah! Time to predict what day the Chicago Cubs will be mathematically eliminated. Bwahaha.
going to mothersday dinner
IS SO MUCH COOLER THAN ME.
thank you :)
Dremguy ? Clark kent !
I bottle up my feelings until I can't take it anymore. That's my problem.
He has but it gets hot in FL He lovs his PJ shorts they r soft n comfty I do anything 4 a good day at school :)
Can I get paid millions of dollars to get a five second violation and miss lay ups?
After all the dust has settled, happy to still have 11 of the #sweet16 on my bracket. Including #mubb of course
The friends that you have tons of fun with but can't trust, and the friends who aren't but are trustworthy.
Thanks for the Traffic shout out.
this exam is going to kill me
I can't sleep. OH NO!
Another huge Revel Nightlife announcement! Calvin Harris announces residency at HQ Nightclub & Beach Club this summer. For additional...
way too cute! Friday night looks like a wild time at your house ;)
#DWTS is ma show. I'm so kewl
Happy Easter!
thanks and please tell your friends! We have a new winter drink menu too
Round 2... Deep breath.
#DoritosLocosTacos are amazing. Its on a whole new level.
no, unfortunately!
so the stimulating discussion about a grander issue should just be swept under the rug? Got it..
hello and thanks for following.
"bear attack" is on the brand new 7" we released a few weeks ago
Loved #ssf42nd last night. So much glitter and glitz! Really stunning.
im glad we both where we are now and we didnt let go of each other!
Finished a great book on our family vacation in Hawaii... Self Realization, written by Craig Russell.
uggh losing to the outhouse in the hill.
Can't believe I'll be done with high school a week from today..
The things I miss at work: watching Dr. Oz, why do women (and the 5 men across America) like this show?
Ray Allen to miami?????? lets fucking go
No, I said I COULD use semantics to win this argument, not that I WOULD.
There was bird crap all over my truck this morning. I sat outside and ate a plate of scrambled eggs...just to show them what I'm capable of,
Happy Friday the 13th people! Let's all go watch The Devil Within. :)
There is no such thing as one little sin... Give an inch and it's a guarantee the Devil will take a mile.
bet. if I do go it's gonna be on friday after 7?
If girls with big boobs work at Hooters, then shouldn't people with one leg work at iHop?
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it. - William James
Jetsons football had real coaches but the players were robots. Something 2 consider? (spacely didn't mind, George loved it)
It's a Good Friday ;)
Fourth of July Weekend in Cape May
"The Cold War is over." -Henry Kissinger on the Colbert Report
Anybody planning on going to the #radiohead show at blossom on June 6?
shooting a PSA with LLS Man of the Year candidate Jeffery Leving
right? People need to calm down. I will girl! Smoke it up, and ill still make it somewhere in life.
"Im on my way to believing"
fell into an early 80s reggae hole (wackie's via basic channel), trying to widen the circle of synth musics. Other suggestions?
there actually is someone named Mike in the book - he's kind of a mad scientist, key member of the bad guys. he isn't BIG, tho!
The fact that schools almost out and I can spend lots of time with Taylor >> .... Except,when he has baseball. Like everyday. Lol
so you got the X? It's a great phone. You'll like it
"And my heart beats/So I can hardly speak"
This thought is finished with the sun.
I hope it's good for Beer! :-)
yes lol im working out
Yup!! No problem! <3
how can they not be real lol
The girls in my modern class (with the exception of about 3) <<<
NO! How do I not remember that? I wish I knew her! ha ha ha
They got Paul Pierce too!!!!
Thanks for the follow ! Have a fabulous day.
neydah. we hope you know you are our oldest fan. You supported us before we even existed :)
Smiles to the Griffs! :)
' Pissed I fell to sleep on the reunion!
Bush 43. But it would be unintentionally funny! RT : Who would be the WORST person to watch host a talk show? Ready...Go!
in one table?
Thanks for the birthday wishes! Can't wait to celebrate this weekend!!!
The one thing I will say is that Axelrod and co will not be left at a disadvantage.
Hah, all that for 25 mph seepd lmt! To the guy revving his motorcycle on Rio Grande Blvd -- sounds like it works to me.
so nice meeting you guys todaay to! We'll get dippin dots again soon.
In other #SportingKC blogger related news, will be taking over "The Daily Wiz."
yeah I know. I'm still trying to figure out what those idiots thinks that accomplishes.
why would that be rude! It really depends on what you are looking for in terms of space.
Thank u RT agreed RT : S/o to for being one kick ass photographer. Someone to look up to!
Hahahah yeah good thing!! I was so mad all day! Skip your games one weekend and come visit
. Great turnout! Thanks to for putting it on & everyone for playing!
about to watch The Nun's Story, on Austin Pendleton's recommendation, following an email chat about Audrey Hepburn.
So much for your attempts to stay out of the 2016 fracas. I knew you couldn't resist.
"Frequency of emails is key" , Alchemy Worx
I wouldn't stop supporting #ows but we need a goal dispite possible divisions
Grats and That was awesome!!!
WOW. Only Jeter could capture the moment like that. #DJ3K Timless moment that Yankee fans will remember forever
brainstorming logo design for L-3's new hottest practice
We orginaly called our product gatorade
Hii beautiful people(:
Yo meet she likes to party and is coming to see you boys on Sunday
my pleasure enjoy your success
RT : "The most important unit going forward is the community." Len Nichols
you'll be really surprised how I looked. I've changed a lot, I had short hair and everything D:
-Very true, but worth it in the end! :)
Tweet us and tell all your friends most creative mention wins you big things :)
Okay, now let's wrap it up Washington and Cleveland, no reason to take the whole 10 minutes
The depth of a person's WISDOM can be seen in the number of people that he or she has positively and permanently affected...
never thought i would google "best reggaeton songs". god help me
call me when u get a chance ok i love u
Sending a "Shout Out" of thanks to Jon O'Brien of MBA for organizing the Social Media Roundtable. Great info presented by the pannel!
got stung by 2 yellow jackets and my bro got bit by a tick what a weekend
4 hours of math is not what I want to do today. Sigh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Save The World by ft. Nindy Kaur has some insane bass to it..I love it!!!
They know what's up. RT : Incredibly, blindly typing "lemticlu derbu" actually garners Kentucky Derby results in Google.
I fucking LOVE #XMenFirstClass!! One of my favorite movies ever!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
I just arrived... Where are you?
Watching a Kevin Smith question thing with my brother & cousin. Still don't know if we going to the party.
The one time I go for the Celtics, I lose $10
Today I pushed through
yes! I thought it was great! “: Thanks for the advice. Did you catch Million Dollar Listing?”
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have 10 pair of those favorite #Jordans , or whichever your favorite & are still in box not touched
she does look lovely today!!
Hey - Lent is officially over!!! We have got what you have been missing!
Did you pick up a copy of ' Electric Kissing Parties on vinyl in Little Rock? Tweet us a pic!
#askella - Wait, who's Ella? That's a pretty name :)
*sigh* @ unrealistic people .. #rip to most of your expectations ..
Is illegal drinking CROC in the DR, PRESIDENT is the way 2 go.
I have to go get my taxes done... bo! What a waste of a nice Saturday afternoon.
Our attitude should be like that of Jesus, who emptied Himself to serve. Phil 2:3-7
Hey #sgf #417 #springfield! Still time to blow off work, start wknd early, @ get to @ 2:30 today!
Bought a Boylan's sugar cane root beer. It's sort of flat. :\
Practice today..bring your battle gear!!! See you there!!
Thanks n same to you! RT Happy Thanksgiving
u know "Mindless Behavior is taking over" is trending world wide?!!!!!
my bad we was both driving, I'll see you again hopefully
That's the sexiest disease I know. Aside from Ewan Mcgregor-related typhoid.
People change. Memories don't.
I never heard you say effer
Drake && Josh Marathon At My Place :)!
everyday i ask for an update im told the same lil o lie "next week for sure" so who knows the truth :/
RT : Thinking about submitting an EA proposal for 2012 conference? Come see Cynthia Banks in the NAFSA Commons #1017 now
There's always lunch break for sun... AND the sun doesn't set until 7:28 p.m.
Cause u got 1 chance for your 1st dance, SO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS SLOW JAM!!
"Roses are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage but laughing at you!"
just saw ur post about license. YAY. good luck!
": maybe only Sen paying #studentloan surreal listening to Dem colleagues lecture me on #studentloandebt" so what do you propose?
Going to the movies to see the help with my 2 aunts & cousin tomorrow :).
I wish followed all mahomies! (: my new 11:11 wish tonight! :D
And I take back yesterday's tweet THAT was the most breathtaking sunset I have seen in a LONG time
Hey, Mass. friends, join me in asking to vote against the #Keystone pipeline? Thanks! RT if you agree!
"I wonder if in Europe Miles Davis is known as Kilometer Davis" - Steven Wright
. . Who is #going to the #Milwaukee #Irish #Fest this #weekend? " #Thirst is a #shameless #disease so #here's to a #shameful #cure. "
are you?
Thanks Bruce!
love the ink work you did on where are you located
Sweet!!!! So was there really a meeting at Glendale or just breakfast?lol
HA I didn't go
Now she question if it's real when i say I love you
My light bill was 15 bucks this month. I'm never home
i sleep so much better when my air conditioning is on!
I need to stop gambling with
#oomf is acting like I'm suspect. Seriously!?
Im so bored
FEELS LIKE UM GONE HAVE UH GOOD NIGHT
Haha. That makes me feel better about my liquid intake.
I'm tired of being lied to by government, by the media, & by every corporation I have anything to do with. -L. Neil Smith
congrats you must be excited
yes, and USMC are the men (and women) too!
You're a Babs fan, yes? Have you seen What's Up Doc? Because it's the greatest.
And sleep! Remember sleep? Or not having to rip and run from one place to another with no time to catch your breath?
There is great force hidden in a gentle command. -George Herbert
What do you guys usually play as? I played as soldier in ME2 & 3 (because of the emphasis on action)...
Inspiring words Nikki :) you do a great job keeping your word with your fans...I love that about you among other things <3
HUMANS Locked-Up INHUMANELY by the Millions -- Costing Billions of $$$. USA's Incarceration Rate NOW at HISTORIC-HIGH Rates.
Is Derrick Rose your of the NBA? Will you let Derrick Rose "in the club" also when he wins an NBA title?
1st to Tweet "Worf is Uvenk" wins a Mass Effect 2 prize pack!
#1DdaretodreamUS please one in ny!:)<3
Its on! RT : Just arrived in Vegas. My god!!!!!! My room in the new hard rock cafe tower is just crazy...It gonna be fun
I'm thinking about going bowLINg tonight
Thanks for keeping #Cedarville updated on Twitter, ladies! How did chapel go?
what should we call the fever for ???:)
Whoever reads the last line/has my gratitude./Please give it back.
FSU is balling!!!
I havent mentally prepared for the crazy adventure ahead of me.probably just psych myself out if I did.Am I really doing this?yes, yes I am
I just realized my birthday is 4 months from today!! Yay!!
Coming up in June: Bowling to "Strike Out Child Abuse" June 1 and #Soccer Tournament benefiting VFC June 25-26
heard about you from the radio show
I could really use a booty rub and some more ish right now ... From ;).
Every time I turn a corner down a hotel hallway, I think those twins will appear.
Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer? If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now
I'm so happy! I just sold almost every banana tree I have! I'm only keeping a few. They take up too much space & aren't attractive.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Birthday and congrats on the fabulous, new space !
It's so hard to stay awake in these long ass classes. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I posted my blog on my Facebook fan page. My follower count was pissing me off lol
Happy hour b4 work flow
My dog smells like Herbal Essences
I would!! DX
Laid back, with my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
My goal in life is to meet Betty White.
Great to see you here DC (or thereabouts). Let me know next time you're coming!
This historic year is an achievement for our movement, our people, our continent and the world.
“: Ohh. Gretchen. Finally I found one person I sing better than.” oh lawdy. Poor thing ;) Looked way cute though.
Agree! RT : Have to say, has some of the best examples I have ever seen in presentations.
Well F me if Die Hard II isn't absolutely riddled with plot holes. How did it take me 30 years to figure this out?
"But my breath fogged up the glass and so I drew a new face and I laughed" ugh look what your tweet did to me... :o
3 years ago I wish I was 3 years older, now I wish I was 3 years younger.I am never happy:P
Strawberry Clouds to help us get through the work day.
y did u leave the shore this past summer wtf!
8 hours of work then trekking to TN for ROmania
Let's go #Mariners!!!
We'll keep tweeting here and , most likely. All the info will be on TAG, though.
Dominicks and jewel have nothing on marianos
RT If I ever need to know what's going on I look on twitter
Thanks for the follow Matt! Much Success!!!
Gotta look at a cannon camera!!!
saw you on KTLA and we are very interested to know more! would you send us a screener?
Great point from ! “We need to stop interrupting what people're interested in & start BEING what people're interested in”
Come on #FDA, make #PlanB more easily available! Women have the right to easily access healthcare
Confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence
Well good luck then.
#birtherblather New Hash I just started thnx to my friend Harmony for creating the inspiration
I finally finished unpacking my room
Hope the #LTDArmy has a great weekend! Make sure you hit us up for tickets to our show with Soulfly! They're moving fast!
Why do the window washers need to be so loud?
"The function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable." - John Kenneth Galbraith
A couple of folks have asked about wireless access during TILTS DH: hit up Matt Cohen or Lars Hinrichs for a code on Friday.
Thanks for dressing me last night! (Okay, that sounded weird.) You're Seattle's top model - and stylist!
With social media marketing, along with promotion, we can also make good relationships by sharing information regarding products & services.
Checking out some drum lines and bands on
crafting with friends. making your own designer duds is a great way to be fashionable and frugal!
We hope you'll enjoy our hometown! The city goes into full overdrive during #SXSW. Events 24 hrs a day for over a week...
swear I never know u profile pic, lol
I'm "wintering" in Tucson! Maybe/probably headed back to NYC for the summer.
Defense says William Balfour is "devastated."
it was great seeing you too! We always have the shortest visits haha
“: This is the third time in a week that I have seen with a goat - hm ;) ” no! The second time :)
theater is Back in action Tomorrow!!!
Charlie Sheen's Oscar Mayer ad: "WEINING!
but they know in *theory* how drip pricing might affect the market ...
Isn't that what google is for? :P
#IfBushHadGottenBinLaden we'd still be in Iraq with 150k troops and tanks enforcing an occupation based on lies.
No way! I saw them in Milwaukee recently, and they were stellar as always. Very different than two years ago though.
Dang, I missed my exit ramp, now I'm stuck in traffic.
Time for so
In case you didn't already know.. We have 12 different flavors on the menu every.single.day.
ok sometimes you should state your option in a good way even if you don't agree or like. Is that better
Congrats to SIMONE, you are this week's ROCKSTAR! Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to providing the best customer service!
Idk what college to pick
Pleasantly exhausted.
Good night and good luck.
craigs hashtag: you ain't the boss of me!
Music slammin ... watching the game bored af
has won two SCOOP tournaments on pokerstars already in back to back days for > 400k. Gross.
I am probably more excited by the fact that it's #Oscar nomination day!!! Can't wait to start watching movies like a boss!
cubs july 8
Immortals was garbage. If they used green screens for sets why did it look like they were having a swordfight in a one-bedroom apartment?
I need sleep.
that's an awesome idea. Do you ever decide to snatch a card out and rant about it anyways?
Hey! My band, Symfinity, is playing in New York this week (w/strings)! Wednesday June 8, 7pm at The Delancey!!!
Gotta pack early for #HOWLive, gonna be hanging in the NewPage booth all weekend. Gonna be fun!
Sec. Solis discusses the need for more summer youth job programs. Right on!
The Hill newspaper displayed prominently in HBO's "Veep" show.
We love Jeff! For our staff mtng he made biscuits from scratch & homemade jam from his #AnacostiaDC garden. Amazing doesn't describe.
Just started watching Being Human...not sure how I feel about it yet.
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward
Wow I've been at the hospital for like 9 hours and nothings wrong great!..
Wow. 76 people in attendance! Yeay little tokyo supporters!
looking for some neon green sneakers..
Matt and I will be in Rockford, IL TONIGHT at the Hilton Garden Inn - 7:00 PM....
sure thing! Hope to make it out there for part of the ArtFest.
Tin Can with bite out of it Sticker
Loves staying on the phone with boyfriend all night; <3
Shout out to my traveling toothbrush!
Lol *the laptop fell of my lap* ''huge mini-heart attack'' I did a ninja move to grab it. IM SO COOL OMG:D
Watching some Netflix. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
and u dance like the iconic boys sinng
ride around and get it
Uh oh! It's tax time! Are you completely prepared??? Give us a call NOW for your FREE tax consultation! 866.854.5513
What's everyone watching this weekend?
haha the cakes taste good on your face buddy :) *giggles*
Even us dietitians need a handful of chocolate chips from time to time :)
it's insane!!!
Damm! Now I have to wait till February '12 for my SSI hearing. I've already waited from Dec. '07.
Daring to LO of YOLO tonight. Busted a u-turn and going on a spontaneous trip to WeHo.
omg me :3
Thanks for hosting us! MT : Thank you for joining us last night & breaking in new Visitor Ctr!
TODAY: Hardwood install and a Demo.
I miss Rochberg but his written words are with us with such vibrancy His was truly a MUSE OF FIRE (title of BIG fl/gtr piece)
Great to hear! // RT : OMG! Just got some incredibly exciting job news AND acceptance to !!! What a day!
There's a time and place for everything. Don't be so in a rush."
Wow Soto has been a disaster so far this year - BB
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Check out Novel Writing Month! The goal: write a 50,000 word novel during the month of November.
Thanks! RT : Thank you for following me now following you.
Everyone is retweeting or posting nudes. Is that cool now or something?
Made Nashville & waiting to board.
Way to whip Lalonde's ass!!!
MO state puts in another goal. 3-0 with 8:56 left in first quarter
Do not lose your dignity ... For the sake available.
Thxs Kevin! :) MT : /Bob really enjoyed this weeks please keep up the good work!
Of course! We would love to do that. You can DM them or email, whichever is easier for you.
been practicing all day! tour is goin to be sick! check our myspace for the dates
... but the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things ... they push the human race forward." - Jobs
Wow! Sounds like you've had an interesting day...
haha I'm sure he will! and he'll bring selena gomez too!
I hate Mondays!
Without Wikipedia, watching television would be way less informative.
Mr. Paige, I have a photo you and I took together at John Elways HOF Induction in Canton. Would you sign it for me?
#fcbarcelona up 2-0 on free kick right before halftime!
i feel like i just got out
yes we should. Are you going to RCC Philly? We won't be there this year.
Love You Booski!!!
Applied for a ton of jobs and now am prob going to meet up with Sara for a run. I use to hate running but now I'm into it.
Wow! Was just calledup to the podium to speak on behalf of community for the "Men Reading in Schools"
no problem girly!(: & thanks so much :)
Do you notice if someone "unfollows" you? Do you know that there are ways that you can find out? LOL
Amen. RT : “I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
yay they got studios ?? (:
What do you want from me? I am just a kid that got in too deep.
I hope #oomf stops by tonight! :)
no, your like...gorgeous! Australia, you?
Browns offensive strategy: Maybe if we run up the middle with our third string RB this time it will work!
Don't let your ignorance spread like a deadly germ. Everybody souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
RT Never hope or wish for anything. Make that shit happen
have a good time at rehearsals austyy :)
Lets go Rangers! Yeah, yeah I dont even watch hockey. I dont want to hear it.
Thanks for the follow :)
Get me off this bus!!!!
Isn't drinking #rawmilk a personal choice like smoking or drinking? why should limit the food choices a person make?
Our healthcare search practice continues to see an uptick in organizational restructurings
You know what there was a lot of at yesterday's CDN Summit? Cable.
no it doesn't. Did you drive anywhere this winter ...? There were cones & barrels everywhere still.
Happy #HumpDay It feels like a LOOONNGG week for me
I need more tats >_< ...I still see skin
You have a beautiful publication. I can't wait to dig deeper into your literature!
When life gives you lemons, you take them, say thanks, and makes some LEMONADE!!
i just hit him
We also do strip tease dances. RT : following is a MUST. Between the 2 of us you will be entertained.
First #rain in #sandiego in months. Who else wants a #slippery #wet #ride on my scooter? What kind of #wetride were u thinkin ?
Now here is something you don't see often, homeless vegans.
good luck with the national anthem.<3
The 2011 NY Comedy Festival line-up has been announced! Tickets on sale Aug. 15! We look forward to seeing you- November 2011!
Life is a rich strain of music, suggesting a realm too fair to be. George William Curtis -
Hi pls follow me :)
smh u tell me whr my lil bro at lol but he b with his bm he got two lil fuels now
#Fiero sighting. Wow.
hopefully not! And I want to go to the one either at the end of this month or the one on June 14.
I've got to start to like the song. Its easy for me to be creative if its something that I like. That way the mix wont be stale.
Would any of you fine professionals be interested in a short interview to help me out with a class?
Chocolate withdrawal.... Ugh
I really don't like when someone gets mad for some reason at all.
congrats Allen! WTG!
Preview 'Lady Gaga: Inside The Outside'
That was then...this is NOW...
There is ... a land full of wonder, mystery, and danger! Some say to survive it: You need to be as mad as a hatter. Minnesota or Publishing?
lol i never got no text
"My friends say im a fool to think that your the one for me, guess im just a sucker for love"- Love me by Justin Bieber
me too... lolol #random. for me, i think it's from dancing at that party, i dont know about you. haha
All 3 branches of government are SO rigged, the only way we can effect change is to have a conscious awakening among our citizenry.
Apparently I'm giving a presentation on #saa11 in a half hour.
Persistence+Initiative+Extracurriculars+Scores+Internship+Community Service+Leadership Activities+Courses+Essay+Interview =Top University
9:00. Great! I follow #HR on LI. Found her posts in #RacineProTech LI group. She 'likes' posts by others in
not much, how have you been?
I just named dropped you to hopefully get into advertising! Hope you don't mind!
I take it the Woolsey has made his re introduction?
I was creeping. Lol bye
Thank you! I'll be here all week.
Yeah I'm real curious to see what he does.JJ has his #12 tho!
Headed over to good old moms house. Looking forward to stopping in and seeing her
Thank you!
so, random though- your picture is gorgeous! how long did it take to do that artwork??!
What are your Armory Art Week plans on this beautiful week? Art is in the air... and we are participating in a gallery walk thursday 6-8pm!
Live tweeting dean's reception for the new mba's at simmons college... Just kidding. Ladies and their partners happy to be done with school.
Are you on Pandora? I'm trying to start an Acid Jazz following there.
someone needs to text me im bored
Inflation is going to happen! But what are you going to do about it? Most jobs on an average is not going to give you a financial increase.
One step closer to making our return to rocking out! I hope you can handle the DeadPro!
It's going 2B 92 today Lets make it Wild Ice Cream Wed All followers who show this 2day get $1 scoops RT 2 let others know!
What do you call a rich frog ? A golf blooded reptile !
wanna splain that?
Like I would be the happiest person alive if I met YOU GUYS DON'T UNDERSTAND
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. ~Buddha
"In this economy, we're all trying to get creative with budgets." If this means working digitally, don't lose your people connecting skills.
Awesome! RT : In case u were wondering, cheese survived the great blackout of 2011. Open for biz and just as cheesy as ever!
Can anyone think of other jokes about gay monsters? I'm looking for clever ones, preferably having to do with closets
idk is it of selena gomez if it is sorry i wont after war she did to justin
I love these glimpses of nature's endurance in NYC....
why ashley aint hit my phone?
my bday cuming up and I'm trying to see where its gone be at
Of course "Undefeated" wins an
I followed :D her
sweet! Driving 5 hrs to go see in Dallas on Nov 9th!!! <U+E056>
Do you follow ? You should.
Someone did it today, in the trash SS#, CC# etc... Call us. We shred on site...
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
what ya gonna do for your bday, girlie?
Hoping to play at Wakarusa Music and Camping Festival 2012! Post on their wall to request Sabastian Roberts.
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
Thanks for the support! We really appreciate it.
Front Desk Friday: What the heck is going on? I just answered an insane number of questions about the #YukonQuest Sled Dog Race. #whyme?
Happy Birthday Hope you have an awesome one <3
Need help w / DIY Themes account! Can't find way to contact anyone there. I don't have login information. Email I reg with is not in service
AND in '09 I met them at the meet & greet! Super nice guys and I got their autographs. No photos thought :(
Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep 1 and 3 starring ERIC ROBERTS screened a second time today at LA Web Fest. Many thanks to all who came out to see it!
Those. Words. Unnerve. Me. So do 3-ball counts against Ted Lilly... UGH!
- I'm so jealous right now. You are doing one of my favorite activities.
We're Here Just To Change The World Basicly .
": Fallout 3 > Skyrim". I can get behind this.
where is the yelp booth? Been here for a while and haven't seen you.
Just curious! (Don't tell anybody, but I'm following Twinkie. Shhhhhhh!)
This is ny nightmare! I'm on a 3 hour road trip listening to Wade Fucking Bowen!
A modest proposal: Lower 33 Fox News commentators into the underground pit previously occupied by 33 Chilean miners.
#oddneighbors stop playing you tuba in the middle of the night stop working on your cars ppl sleep
": I swear all the angry people in the world stalk Yahoo articles and post rude and hateful comments." Omg! I think so too!
RT nephew : Hey American Airlines--you named yourself after our country. What did you expect to happen to your financial status?
you're also crazy if you really believe that! Beautiful isn't what you look like, it's who you ARE - and you are beautiful!
Mom is making peach knedlickeys
You killed it!
they were homies, tips was just really paranoid. Lol
Congratulations to : District champs with a 8-2 win at Turner. Moves the team to 19-1-2 for the season.
Emily> anyone else.
Watching the passaion of Christ on netflix.<U+2665>
lol I see that
What hurts more than losing people is knowing they're not fighting to keep me
Hurrah for the French - The Artist best film and best actor John Dujardin.
NO waistline + NO rhythm = Yo cyan dance...lol :)
Thanks, much!!!
Says no
I always fangirl when Glad you came is on the radio.
Hanging With Mr Cooper, Parent Hood?
Thanks for following. The album is available on iTunes!
I am great Thank you!! How are you?
FRI Dinner App Special: Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Golden Raisin & Pine Nut Couscous & a Stone Ground Mustard Butter Sauce
something you will never hear me say...lol
Oh my dee! JC.
T <U+0328>T<U+01AA> I am into this
What would you say if I spammed you? Would you RT me ;D lol. Idk.
Time to find some breakfast, take a shower and begin my day. I'm off to a late start...
Joyce Latham - Don't just ask, what do you need? Ask, what do you have? Celebrate and tap into communal assets
When it all comes down to it.. Who can you trust.?
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause you started to be a d bag.
whur u reside
,I don't think Peterson was cheating though,cuz he is the one who demanded the random drug test didn't he?
this is the 3rd time in 2 months for me... Seriously thinkin' about dropping twitter...
I wouldn't want it any other way!!!
Thinking about changing things up and not worried about the consequence.
tunks23 its definitely the stile you don't like. The beer is really good.
Where will #DJ be spinning next?
Pretty sure I look really haggard right now.
Way to start it off Rebels!!! Let's Run!
Hello Single Bella on who wants to talk to me
Happy New Year everyone!! New Years Eve & my Birthday! #partyy'all
We'd love to play Seattle. Stay tuned.
": Men who don't watch football... Straight #suspect"no cause I don't watch it..plus I dont wanna watch niccaz in tights
As a Christian watching over in the US, it was deeply moving to hear as well. He is truly Great and we owe him everything.
follow me dylan!
mikey<333. i would die if you tweeted mee. omg<3
Thank you for guessing!
You got it! Thank you funny people!
Ah shit, I fucking knew it :D
i miss you too! I'm most likely gonna come out tonight :)
#OWS Stay Punk Stay strong! However...fresh punks, can we tag some people that need to get home out? Burden sharing! New Concept! We love it
Thank you for following back! :D
what the what?!
aww so cute:) is he your boyfriend??!
Now starting: The LA Riots 20 Years Later in 515B
you should follow me :D
This junt I seen in tha store today tho<<<<<<<
N Ogden Utah preparing for Crystal Crest Awards at WSU tonight
The maid is so nasty a trick to be so old mama need to sit down
More Genji: "If only we were really in touch, how easily we might forget this dreary rain." Think politics and . . .
Im not mean , I just keep it 100 and don't give a fuck (:
Jeremy, I think it's time to schedule a photoshoot with Tom Brady (or Giselle)...I'm just sayin'
iPhone F****** rulezzzzzxxxxxxxxxxxx
O_o I see Tiffany wants to get disowned RT RT Congrats to all the grads!May u con't down the path of greatness!
No. 23 Gators hang on to beat No. 24 Vanderbilt in OT
No song videos but hope to soon. U have some video singing the song by James Morrison?
Expanding Mortgage Loan Sales Force in Charlotte, NC and NV. Contact me directly for adt'l info or apply directly. #mortgage #loan #offic…
Idc if its a short shift today I don't wanna go
Less concern about rankings, more concern about conversions.
that tweeted gaz is very true! and im trying 2 get to help you out:)
Lmaooooo at the goon that just tried hitting on
Happened again. Something rotten in the work-fridge and it turned out to be mine.
Our delivery special this weekend: If you order a pizza, tell us you saw it on Twitter & get $5 off a 2nd pizza! Call 521-9800
Needs to get back to working out. But needs energy first
Just watched a documentary on Jonestown.. So bizarre.
Finally made it to Vegas ..now starting my modeling profession
If the guy who made 1 million Wikipedia edits had a nickel for every Wikipedia edit he's made, he should still get a frickin' job.
how long did it take for u to get a grasp on XNA and coding?
BHO opposed same-sex marriage before he "evolved" into supporting it.
Instead of listing ideas on flip chart, can cut and paste chats into Word doc to save
KEVIN TRUDOU HAS SPENT A LOT OF MONEY TO KEEP HIS ASS OUT OF JAIL. HE IS A PARIAH TO YOUR AMERICAN GOVERNMENT. I LIKE KEVIN.
No responses to yesterday's theatre history question. We're reposting shortly. Stay tuned.
Ahh the pump ;-) : Push-pull #Jreps, -style
It's probably their Apple products using up that bandwidth! :)
What are you doing today to make not only your life, but the world better?
What a dunk by JR Smith shit was ill
Will adding engraving delay my new iPad delivery? Delivery date still says 3/16
Start your Labor Day weekend early... Join us for lunch! 3 courses just $25
Day in pictures: 2 May 2012
Good morning, Jay!!! Happy Monday!
Wish I could be there!
Welcome as our newest official bar reviewer. should buy him a beer since he's there right now!
Someone whose opinion I value suggested that ask twitter.
make sure to add a 4 in there. oh -- there is a giveaway coming up soon. I have a running co. sponsoring it.
lolololol that was a good laugh >:-)
how do you know her ? she's my friend from north carolina <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : A4: wife cant stand that I only read pres non fiction. I even analyze sherlock Holmes and cussler for HP
Sigh, how come 's RT and following everyone but mee :( :( I think he will never see this tho. :(
I like her sound.
This shout out is for my two new followers I just got to my first new follower and next to my follower thankz yall
So they get out in friday cant wait
#ItSeemsLike Kpop will never leave my life :)
Thumbs up on DS
I pass by this place every morning on my way to work and have been wondering about it. Now I'll definitely check it out!...
you. are. AWESOME.
Well, here is one viewer calling you out for being even handed and balanced toward both viewpoints.
I was just about to tweet..I know Cartman isnt singing I Swear right now! Lol
I cannot understand why or how the hell there is even a debate about this #cnntrayvon is America really still this racist?
since we have the same music interests, I'll listen to Mumford and Sons(:
I can't cope with how much I fancy luke brooks and skip from #thejanoskians omg
Lmfao, in my Spanish class me and my friends were making fun of it, so I put it on there. xD
austin!! Its my birthday today in my country! I don't think it is in urs, but can u wish me a happy birthday please? :')
Way to completely butcher a book! #disappointment #:/
Hey Justin u the da Man with mad talant and Awesome Swagg !! Congrats on your KCA AWArds U SO deserve them Congrats loveU!
Follow me back.....
thank you!
can't wait til midnight!!!!! Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie VOD!!
We are hosting some twitter giveaways at Empowered to Connect next week in Nashville. Make sure you watch out for our tweets!
First new client ever that has unknowingly sent me my own work as a reference for the work he wants me to produce.
Definitely some similarities!
Trying to find Bigfoot is my life long dream.....I wonder if i can wear heals?...
Dawes: criminals ostracized by society after prison not for their crimes but for confession, for speaking the unspeakable
This is why I love baseball.
Looking for gloves in all the wrong places
thank you! Don't worry about it I got it! they're wrong
When I lead she follows....
Follow me on instagram!! Rochellec33 I'm new, so wait for some quality pics!
thank you RT : was yesterday. love the food there :). i was way too full when I left!
Zagat's does independent coffeehouses a HUGE diss-service rating best coffee in chains.
trying to equate logic with politics is futile
At my school we have No Place for Bullies week and we have to find a saying and i put "Stare a bully feed your Soul" -VinC
Oh sry,we figured with the Buffini talk that u were in the Real Estate business.Completely forgot how universal his program is
#nowfollowing - nice meeting the team last night at event!
If you watch "Running Man" and you watch "Battle Royale" then you've watched "The Hunger Games".
Agreed. And he's THREE! Ew!
haha maybe one day we will, Vinny is my buddy , love that kid.
#Buck confirms roster moves for #Orioles. "We need more arms"
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
Thank Grimm it's Friday!
was it the new Doo-Doo flavored Snickers?
Forgive us our trespasses AS WE forgive others.
the likelihood of me shopping for invites is about as possible as me needing diapers. in a word, hail no. ;)
I ate the best food in the world last night prepared by my friend laney while he was drunk, so goo
Wow, two #2 seeds go down in one day, what a great day of games even though my bracket is destroyed now!
I know! That makes me angry lol! But we got some big changes coming up soon, of you know what I mean. Stay tuned...
I'm wishin' you the best Pray that you are blessed With much success, no stress, and lots of happiness
awesome! thanks for listening!
Need to pick up my Max Payne game tonight so I can get my video game thug on!
*raises hand* i Hoe For Nickels And Snickers.
Nice! Glad you dig the tunes!
haha! I did pick up Steak & Lobster (on sale at Giant), so I am feeling fancy. Looking fwd to being on :)
« “The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.” - Denis Waitley #FitQuote #Motivation»
Hug time.
God bless you!!!!!
I think w/ the money I spent at the buckle.. I could now own buckle stock.
Congrats! We hope you have a wonderful stay! Enjoy!
And as much as you love her and cherish the memories you<U+FFFD>ve shared together, you know in your heart that the friendship has run its course
Anyone else have an INSTAGRAM?
I got mines, when are you going to get yours?
um who is ed sheeran
Kentucky fans are the best. Other people just don't understand
Isn't it true right now? RT : Listening to talk about how Twitter has become the 2nd screen for major events
more on that RTW story coming shortly ...
Already! I see ya homie.....RESPECT!
Getting ready for the Badger game........ If they win--maybe Ed will do "THE BUCKY". :)
Thanks for the mention:)!
"Run run for the puzzle of it all-for the child in ur heart that's taking all the blame." ::pale young gentlemen::the crook of my good arm::
#newyorkers get out there today! The weather's insanely BEAUTIFUL!
Kudos to you for rescuing a woman from a house fire yesterday. You ARE a true American Hero.
I know! It looks like we will miss each other with you being at the Phil Vassar show.
- Thanks, much appreciated! We hope to keep rockin!
What the fuck is wrong with everyone today?
Sizzle, baby, sizzle! You know you love McDonald's breakfast!
great #quote! "Successful people are simply those with successful habits"
agree, it was somewhat warm and humid this morning. Run in the woods is easier.
: you really did ya thang tonight!
Google Glass?
Tank? RT : Steph Curry will miss the rest if the season with his ankle injury, source close to situation says
I really want to watch the fresh prince of bel-air right now
Awh you're so cute !!!
Ok...time to get back to work. How am I supposed to finish work for my MA when plays more #HARDCORE PAWN episodes?
Hahaha RT : pajama pants slang for boxers? cause lets be real, none of us TNTers wear pants hahaha
“: You first :)” I'm into alot of sport movies like baseball, Basketball, etc and shooting movies :-)
Would you like you. If you meet you
Then I'm ok with reckless correctness. I won't cater to the "casual reader" if I have to say something I know is wrong.
ah, don't have a link, since it's just word of mouth i'm doing for a friend. but i'll ask if he does create one!
M copper oven. :D
my love, your dad likes that show too!!
Happy Easter and Merry Spring people.....BTW I thought of this yesterday morning..lol I eve made signs..o.O
Feels like someones stabbing me in the stomach, but yes mom, i'll go to school
hi everyone I have a friend male professional looking for a room for May 1st 2012 in Astoria or anywhere nice call Frankie at 3479247425
Tears are words the heart cannot express.
When you have a bubble in your head try to think of the bubble in the head of the person you're speaking with
The weather is perfect tonight.
After today, I am going to lock myself in my room until finals are over.
History says today will go great or horrible. I have not had insomnia so bad that I got 0 hrs sleep in over a year. There goes that!
When you do the best job you can, the reward is intrinsic. Compliments are nice but not necessary to be satisfied with your results. -Me :)
The more you give, the more you will receive <U+2764>
that text i just got smh
If you have some hairspray then you may want to spritz your stockings to get rid of the cling.
#Becauseofyou I know dreams do come true <3
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW4
Don't think I'm gonna take a break with the questions...even if I have to come up with stupid ones.
I'll go with Froback. But I'm not doing the arm thing lol
no youre thinking of Texas
God I hate my life!!
I luv my followers
Just saw a status that said 'like if you have Facebook' These fucking statuses get stupider every day
besides the monthly subscription there could be deals with certain stores and/or ads. I gotta go grocery shopping today haha
Jersey Thursday!
Have a feeling you are going to be catching naps here and there for some time to come. Blessings as you enter the fray.
I'm excited to go home to some double strawberry ice cream...in a cone!
I think it's funny these large/legacy mobile players are filled with people with no follow through
TRAFFIC: Jack knifed semi Eb I90/94 @ the Badger Interchange
Thanks for the retweet of The Arts Fuse Classical Picks for May
So nice to meet you in person
thanks love! You too!!
welcome to my day pull up a chair and a cold one. Lol!
Thanks for the RT!!
Thank you, , for a spectacular performance tonight!
Headed to boston this month to see a long lost friend...That's gonna be a trip
Tweeting and updating tomorrow! I was asked to do a powerpoint on my idol and i chose Holland!
°o° New blog post: "Kidcot - The Case for EPCOT" at www.EarToThere.com/blog
huh? what's that? what were we talking about?
I don't understand you at all. It's crazy. How's next? hm..,
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 304
I need some weed cuz I feel like im gettin high blood pressure right now
I like learning new stuff
#AlexaFact: Yesterday was ALSO Alexa's mom's birthday! Happy Birthday to her! Oh wait.. She's not on twitter.
I just want to be held at night.
Thank you for being an animal activist!
I will not take a bullet for anyone. If I have time to jump in front of it, you have time to move!
quite well!!! And you?
Switching to an ergonomic keyboard - the Microsoft
Sun is out! Yippee.
One time i got a prank call saying i was in NSN3D i started freaking out.. it was fake they recorded all of it and put it on facebook. -_-
sometimes i sob myself to sleep at night because when nialls hair was blonde on top and brown on the sides
Dick Clarks stroke was more sad than him actually dying. He died twice.
I gotta say it was a good day.
i think i pulled something in my back.
Can you picture a place, where's there's a smile on every face ?
markus always keeps it real. Boom!
-- And if she bought them at Justice, Aeropostale, or Limited Too. :-P
It's great, haha (: My tv didn't record it all though so I didn't get to see the questioning part.
I'm diein up here today
Had a blast! RT “: just stepped onto set can't wait to see her do her thing. #timetoexplode”
Hey that's great! How is Jennifer doing? I'm actually working in a new venture with our old Uniden boss.
If #occupywallstreet were a bunch of tea party goofs in silly hats the media would be covering it 24/7.
yep and that's why parenting books should be illegalized lol
RT : Q1) You have to participate from home not the office I think! #lrnchat <True - had hard time trying to attend from office
I'm ready for this mother fucking game tonight! MEOW.
every performer at the #GRAMMYs has their very own stage that is put out for each performance.... Can you imaging being that stage manager??
In the republic of mediocrity genius is dangerous.
Just tossing up ideas..but I wouldn't be totally shocked if Semin made his way to Colorado
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about. - Unknown
that awkward moment when youre at a restaurant and this creep is staring at you
I keep finding that the apps through Amazon are either older or not supported. That's honestly what drove me to root my fire.
...Awesome, can't wait to see it in person!
#Imagine You: "Michele!" Michele: "Yes?" You: "I'll give you Austin." Michele: "I'll give you Austin?" You: "OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH!"
what's your email again
Their first fight was a battle, the rematch will be an outright war. "COTTO vs. MARGARITO II" TONIGHT @ 6PM PT, LIVE on Pay-Per-View.
Important: RT : Bo Ryan did himself no favors in recruiting with that interview. What's he tell parents, kids after that?
Buy $20 for $10 on Yelp!
#Wine Fact: The Cole Ranch AVA in Mendocino County, CA, at only 62 acres is the smallest AVA.
You are just like the GOP; RUDE! Don't try to bully Debbie W., wait until a MAN comes on to get forceful! Won't happen!
Wearing my Rick Santorum sweater vest on, and I'm feeling the power.
thanks! Glad to have you with us.
Forever missing Ryan's Hope. Wtf ever happened to those guys?
Best stage design you've seen since the year 2000 - Go!
I was thinking that!!!! Hahahahaha omg come
Thanks! Which ARG's? Anything where games / new media intersect on the theme works for me, as long as they also convey [+]
SWITCH!! I'm a hustla, creepin wit my hat low..Niggas know I strapped so, what they go do dat for?..
awww!! Congrats! Mac select moisture cover is the best. Its water based so it will look just like skin instead of make up...:)
OSU, Quette, and now we await the Badgers.
you look so beautiful for the #AMA2011. :))
We're going to the TMRE in Orlando on 11/7, are you?
To brag to your clients? "Look how influential I am"
Excited for whats to come in the future! I will be able to provide lots of cool music tips for beginners to moderate players!
haha! I did too. Pretty disappointed in myself lol
Well that was fun hehe
call me.
My night is nowhere near over.
I almost started crying at the beginning of Finding Nemo...I DONT REMEMBER THE SHARK EATING THE MOM OKAY.
i think i Vote 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebet are the Best !!!! ily
Head up to Toledo we'll cook you some delicious food!! :)
V Bogojevic: Emerson’s political ontology stems from ecstasy: absolute self not the smallest political unit in Emerson’s thought.
thanks....didn't see that 1 coming.
Here are some fun facts about the eight starters you won’t find in their past performances
lol it's 4:30 and I've already gone through school and everything
is exactly what her name says: Funny! Catch her this weekend at Sarcasm Comedy Club in Jersey!
Frank is so very very Austin - and they serve !
ur wellcome so what's up :)?
Lmao I just traped the cat in the bathtub it was funny :)
DA FUCK IS GOING ON. COME ON CELTICS GET .IT .TOGETHER
I couldn't resist. I am now following This should be very entertaining.
Tell me why you feel this way
Agree! RT : Today's #Tech Tip: You can learn a lot about sales, marketing and entrepreneurship by watching #SharkTank on
um do I know u??
"what do you do now twitter?" no dad, please u already ruined Facebook.
At the recylcing place turning in all the parts I replaced on our cars this summer. Cleaned out Mom's shed;recycling stuff the mice left.
I get up at 5:40!
The only good thing about working out is how good it makes water taste.
Reviewing the law for prayer instructions, I really only found one direct example Deu 8:10, #mkBiblechat praying after meals 2 give thanx
I'm loving that answer
Nice. Speaking of battery life, have you upgraded to the new iPad?
Grandfather is reminiscing over his '52 Pontiac Catalina. Says it nearly makes him cry every time he sees a photo of it
Lucky ducky. Everyone likes you :)
glad ya liked it! be on the lookout for the release June 4th now releasing on Beatport!
Just ate a cheesesteak for breakfast and it was incredible.
Operation MedSHARE a success!
So we should build more parapets, fear anyone not of our clan and make sure we're breeding faster than the Turks?
I am sensing a surprise package in the mail for design team
I'm sayin!!!! Oh sun dresses, summer couldn't get here fast enough!
you too Chris! Thanks for coming out and showing support!
Time to put those who are here for the wrong reasons on the chopping block!!! L.O.L. Spammers beware!!
Today i learned that water boils at 202 degrees in denver because of elevation. I am also out of breath
And here I thought you liked all my typos. Oops. Did I say that?
Subway wish: quiet cars. No kids, loud earbuds, busking, or obnoxious TMI chats—& license to escort offenders to another car.
My little sisters dog has officially made me salty. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
This muthafcka thinking I'm stupid, he must of bumped his head .
Streets and Hotel filling up with digital marketing folk
The Internet is BLOWING UP with lots of Irresistible Content tonight!
RT : i LOVE iT! ha ha!!! <<<I'm coming to scoop you...what are ur coordinates?
AH don't forget he is a former Canadien!
One thing that turns me off, ghetto girls. Shizzzz just isnt cute. intelligence is sexy for the simple fact that your not a Pinhead
How r u?
In Moore Co NC, committee worked to get responsible pet ownership into school curriculum. Also sees need for more low-cost s/n.
Liquid eyeliner, thank you from having to fix my makeup while drunk. Also, props to you, autocorrect.
your adorableness kills me on a daily basis. just so you know.
so fun to chill and play with you at you were #speeddemon on
What are you talking about? That photo is f'n golden!
Blocked! Story of my life. Haha. Have a great day. Woke up on Canepa's couch this morning. Wtf!
i regret that joke... </3
The airport. My favorite place. Heading to LA for Leno.
dreamt of small tress growing out of him as we discussed whether or not hard-to-find information is the same as hidden information
Gunna go skate
I cry almost everyday because it's sometimes hard to be strong when I've been holding on for so long.
Thank you very much for the shout out! Go check them out!
I'm glad that the Brewers broke that losing streak. Now to keep that momentum going.
sorry bout earlier
In Charlottesville for the DPVA State Central mtg-congrats to Gaylene for winning 1st vice-chair, and congrats to Susan for a grea try. ...
I wish I had a prom date.
he thought he was gonna sneak and get a nap but i sicked Blake on him...lol
Dammit. This tumblr is AWESOME. And I have homework to do!
true true
If we do not feel grateful for what we already have, what makes us think we'd be happy with more?
nah don't ever act normal :)_ that's how we like it! Night ;)
Seeing The Avengers tonight in 8 hours....
nothing sweeter than feeling the weight of my darling Ariel crawl up for a piggy back ride, her little hands on my face and I love you. :)
He my bestfriend , my world. <3
A student just asked if we were having a "Tomato Drill" because of all the tomatos in Texas yesterday!
It wouldn't be the Grammys without
my husband shouts this at every bar every time this song is ever played. sometimes after that he kicks a street sign.
Too Blessed To Be Stressed (y)
The Quad: On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the N.C.A.A. Tournament
Michelle's article is amazing re: fitness!!
please rt this thing is not passed yet
Retweet this for a free pick! Trying to get followers up so everyone can see that we're your best interest for winning picks!
We Deliver right to your Door!!
you killed it for the #lakeshow bro bro. I don't think u meant to hurt Harden. But he's ok now. U hurt #TheLakers more bruh
This is painful. Very painful.
Thanks to the team for the accommodations tonight!
Sunny, 68 at 5am. Up to 95 today. Don't think Phx is getting any snow today.
in other words, they grow up so fast! :-p
Anyone know who brews the #beer for the bar at the #Harley museum?
Do a search for related topics using keywords to see who is talking about your subject i.e. senior care. :)
Mike Daisey is a moron and it's sad he had to lie to tell this story. Americans need to think about where their stuff comes from.
Yeah I know, but he'll turn 18 soon ;)
In three years flat Ima have Caldecott Awards coming out the yang.
Starships!!! ": What song do you wanna hear on this hour? Totally gonna play one for a twitter friend!"
. w/ 3 dimes 2night. All highlight reel material. No need to tempt us...we will make another mix tape.
Leaving Guarulhos now, roadtrip to Rio for the weekend.
Dustin. I'M AN ASSHOLE! (does that mean you thought i was great??)
there was a chocolate stain on the coffee table so i spit on it.
I waited 3 hours. Is it time for cheers yet? *clink*
she blew me to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Me: "It's a psychological thing." Mom: "Nemoj da ti ja dam psycho." Gotta love her.
Watch give out sick handshakes, literally
Yikes my back is sore! Feels like I stepped in the ring and forgot to face my opponent !
same to you to :)
Austin's favorite candy is Hershey's Kisses.(:
is so clearly laying out our issues at k-12. Creatively presenting the big issues
Been reading up on Weinergate. Very funny. I feel bad for the wife though.
Make a wish :) it's 11:11
- lakers jersey with Fox on it
BBQ Chicken it is..
OH: Apparently, if you don't have a BIG following, you can't get the ladies.
Is still asking me to Prom!? c:
I only fuck with great talent!
R.I.P. Adam Yauch (MCA). I grew up listening to the Beastie Boys & loved 'em. I'm really bummed about this.
see you later today!!
Pouring rain in Nawlins. This could be the weirdest weekend of my existence.
"Big isn't bad, banks tell Fed" #yahoonews Especially when they're bankrupting the country!
cant wait for gdc...
#Faithful? iDont Think So.
#AthensMemories roastin session everyday at lunch and
due to a hilarious conversation with , i now have an overwhelming urge to watch dumb and dumber.
Have you seen Spiderman on Broadway?
My man! You'll quickly learn that I am a big time Daisuke fan
just heard mariounta on the radio !! >>>>>
Now whatchu want
Chillin at work
Pet peeve: recipes that don't remind you to oil your roasting herbs. The smell of burnt rosemary is not appetizing. Unless you're a hippie.
Is it safe to plug a outlet jack into another one? Lol
The smell of spring is in the air here. How are you spending your Sunday? #writing?
Who wants to come watch never say never with me?.
come on up. Bring Courtney and I'll get you in. I know people. ;)
Everyone in LA look like celebrities...
Love all my peeps!!! We have a great team!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 113
US are the favorites it seems.
and on top of that I go to India for 10 days a week after I get back!
Future of post-secondary ? PBL w/ the expertise of the university identifying appropriate entry points in place of scope/ sequence?
“The function of design is letting design function.” — Micha Commeren
hopefully will be about 6:30 tomorrow. ill be there to pick you up about that time. :)
Weirdest car chase you've ever seen...involving a tow truck. Maybe Metta World Peace is driving
HHS is the good housekeeping seal of Approval.
Moreland 2 run homer, then he just hit another solo homer to tie it up. ):
GUYS!!Checkout My TWIN Bro's MUSIC VIDEOS on youtube!! @ supra91411..or watch his main Vid supra-My dreams Are Our Dreams...PLEAZE!!!!!
That mistake is now corrected! Thanks for the follow up.
Congrats to Steel, our New Music Monday winner for April! Come check him out at Jin Lounge (2017 14th St NW) TONIGHT from 6p-9p!
What one thing makes you happy?
A little of both. We're looking at a window to phase out adoption. Meanwhile, supporting models of #beyondthetextbook learning
Would just love to stay in bed :/
I believe spring break and some other unscheduled events kinda derailed my rhythm. Next week...
report stated every 1 out of 30 will be infected..glad I retired from porn.
You guys are really good!
LET'S FUCKIN GO BOSTON!!!!!!
way to much! Shes getting to close to me! Lol
Thanks Mike.
Going home or having a night on the town for the holidays?? Make sure you have a reliable and safe ride!! Call VIP taxi at 520-300-3000
well and a Michael Kors bag.
hey girl hey! Found u!
RT : Hey... Thanks for the shout. Looks like you've made a fantastic documentary. Hope everyone watches:...
Last this, last that.
Are their any crackheads out there wanna make 2.80 washing my car? If so inbox me please.
Lol they better hurry up and let school out before these teachers go crazy!
That box of goodies looks like so much fun! We are definitely going to check out !
Kirk Franklin = Everyone Hurts. Wonderful song and fits my life right now! Thank you
finally found !!
#Goodmorning! What's going on in the world today? Tell us what current event/issue you think everyone should know about!
How's the bunny doin?
keyword "whatawin" doesn't work on the website
im always texting you. So you should know wtf im talking about..
I agree! RT : We *can* all just get along. We just need to make the effort.
Looking to buy and resell something? Look into our wholesale priced Food Storage. Do your community the favor of preparing them for disaster
off to my music class =-] <3 Blasting It's Just Me
As long as we have a few “remember whens”, we should not cry of the past – we should smile to what is now and what will always be. Us.
I felt scooby last night! In fact, I am wearing scooby doos right now... Them's is shoes in case you didn't know!
Wish we got to support her performance! We're thrilled Jean Butler sent us a good luck message!
I wish I didn't get in trouble cause I'm bored as HELL -_-
Could be lots of things. I'll check in w/ customer service 1st thing 2morrow & prioritize your issue.
is this the same guy who made people drink koolade in Jonestown ? Of so then we should do it
Wanna play a joke on your chiropractor? The next time he starts working on you, go limp and soil yourself.
Haha I love it!
Stopped traffic on 315. Anyone know why?
God damn that brisket was the bollocks!
Legalize pot Slap 75% tax on it Send proceeds to social safety net. Old folks retire at 65, get benefits, enjoy a fatty by the pool
RT if you're planning to head to today!
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows?
Happy 1 year birthday to ! Congrats to and on their venture!
and are at The Loft to hear if and when when they will go on. Please head over and support them either way!
Follow me? (: I just found out about ur videos and I LOVE THEM! You are amazingly talented and I think ur going to go far <U+2665>
At a GIS session so this seems like the right time to geo-tag myself with a check-in!
Books r in! I'd like 2 gift wrap them if that's ok. Who shall I say sent them?
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has
2day is my parents 56 Wedding Anniversary! What a great example of Marriage, Family & LOVE...Thnx 4 being such great role models dad & mom!
Looks like I'm gonna have to work the waiver wire
RT : As fir "Cloud-based iTunes," RealNetworks' UNIFI seems a complete solution. What do you think?
Once talked to Bas Hoefman about starting such a project here in Zambia and i have not heard anything yet
Apple Education Announcement: High School Textbooks priced at $14.99 or less.
you work tomorrow?
At the Lexington Home and Garden Show. Not very busy tonight. Come on down and visit. Take a look at the new banner in Rupp.
Wooohoo :))) thanks baby
Among all the kinds of piano which one is the best for you?
Mavs vs Spurs / Time for some sweet revenge
No one is defending rape. I think you may have missed the point.
Hours before #arthistory midterm: Freshman: "All of the slides will have captions with names and dates, right?" ... We need to talk.
Our newest customer is from Hawaii, thanks for the order Erica. 2 Puckett's are on their way!!
having pinacbet! if your filipino... you know what it is ;p and its good!
The holograms should be 2pac, Aaliyah, Biggie, and some more dead people.
lol but ur being really adorable. i love you too
society had biblical values as part of laws..transcending values. However, it does not mean all members are faithful follower
I noticed you're wearing pants, cool.
a HUMAN SUNDAE.
RT: RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "keep" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level. Self respect is power.
looking forward to repeating next year!
travel safe. I'm on my way up. Anything super cool I should check out?
I'm glad I saw Evil Dead - made me appreciate Cabin in the Woods that much more
FYI ": Tomorrow's other games (Cal-Texas A&M, Virginia-South Carolina) will be played as scheduled. #CWS"
My new boss is awesome. That is all.
Elegant, exquisite MATA ORTIZ pottery at Mingei International. Trunk sale today only. So much beauty at such good prices.
School isn't the same without my other Chewy
This songbird was tweeting to a different tune... Back now! Hope I don't make your ears bleed!
u telln me all late
tomorrows hangover will be so bad
When is fox going to cancel that awful show X-factor it jumped the shark when Simon went wwf come on can he milk it anymore
Enjoy your weekend! Life is amazing! :-)
Respect was obviously never taught to you
my nigga Won tonight!!
forget the TV (comedy??) series, I want to read this book now - swamplandia! - thx
I have barely run since the 10-miler!!!! Eeiiick
R.I.P Whitney Houston You will forever be missed :(
So thankful God honored our prayers! We're leaving soon, tucking memories w/ you, Greg, in our hearts. LYI
I can do other ppl's hair very well but I can't do my hair for shit!
that's a lie. I do!
half of the fun of this job is figuring out what the hell people are talking about
wat u mean
You know your bored when you braid your hair 6 times to stay entertained
that's there #EGO talking lol.. ur not alone to tis cuzit happens tome tho I'm not doing nothing!! Smfdh
We see so many monsters that aren't really there.
What are the rules on covering a song and putting it on an album? When Pineapple Landslide puts one out, I want to cover a Jack White song.
Also, of course, break legs!
that's really nasty showing it ass in public no Offense have some decency!! Ur totally representing ur Mother!!
Duncan: If they have access to technology, they can get to the next level.
Excellent... Thank you, Ms. Berman! :)
Hahaha Of course we are!! we are the original classy bitches #noonecantouchus #truestory!! :)
So I finally broke down and found out I'm a ENFJ (E-11%,N-62%,F-44%,J-11%). And another pointless fact attained!
Minecraft Android general release Thursday!
You should know why you're using Social Media before you start using it.
oh my!
The train arrives in New Paltz. Carriages are waiting to take the guests to the conference site at the lake.
Reason 623 why I adore you so much!
Looking forward to tonight! I'll be watching!
I dont regret anything
Had a good rest tommorrow going back to school #ehhh feeling better though Goodnight twitter <3
facebook probably isn't working cause mark zuckerberg donated their server budget to newark schools
Thank you for the follow! Looking forward to your green architect podcasts.
You aint gotta say it.. You real, we gone feel it.
Dear God the #MontaEllis is a
Lol so remeber that academic fair project i said i had to do
Celebrate & Share 7th Annual Women of Achievement Awards March 7, 2012, from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. at the Omni William Penn....
ABSOLUTELY! RT does tracking mean new Hydrovibe music soon???? :))
brushing your teeth and then drinking orange juice will never ever mix
I would so play that game and try to use here. Get on it Julie!
N.c trip this weekend
dude! You are so wise, and inspirational. You're like Mother Theresa but with better hair.
#fail. Its all good. Next Sunday.
that's awesome! Go Badgers!
thank goodness, no. I probably would have run it over. ;-)
#IWantToBe next n rotation!!
how do I respond to craigslist ads that lead me to machines at casting calls, the voice will not stop telling me to give him 7dollars......
yes I'm trying to turn it off. But yeah it's not working
Work til you have what you want....
Kare 11 channel in Twin Cities had production issue with Presidential address. Funny how they didn't have problem w/ adverts though!
What are your thoughts about including references on a resume? #necessary or
Web design can be both frustrating and magnificent
can y'all see my tweets? can someone tell me what my username is?
Kobe never got the ball on the last possession to begin with they inbounded it straight to Blake
Save it for the bedroom.
Good I'm glad. Look through my list and click on their name to see recent posts that you may be interested in - good luck!
Awesome! What local paper were we featured in? We'd love to see!
Gah damn, I feel like working out right now.
#artwalk Miami. See you there!
we are working on a fix for the wifi.
I hope so!! X
I'm not sure why #nomargarciaparra keeps saying that hitters are staying on top of the ball when they hit it in the air.
Happy Halloween! Celebrate at the tonight at and Disney on Ice!
I just want to know why you are a Chicago fan when you grew up in the Bronx? But come on now, Cubs?
hahaha!! totally not judging! ;)
Waiting for "permission" to share data/info renders SM useless. Leadership has to extend trust. This vol runs into many walls.
Whatsup ? U guys ready to make HISTORY or what? I'm like a beast trapped in a cage.
You look like 3 solid inches taller than me...are you?
Man, everyone is gay once in a while! It's Hollywood! -- Kirk Lazarus, Tropic Thunder
I dont care what kind of personality you have! Your BABY GIRL IS GONE. There's no way your going to stay calm and laugh!!
Being happy is essential to great health. Find out what makes you happy and do it. Laugh more, smile more, work less.
And I wish on a star, that somewhere you are thinking of me too...
2 free periods, 2 tests, and 1 movie, easy day..
Constantly losing myself. Constantly having to find a new me.
wondering if any tweeps or their tweeps use Alain Touraine or have ideas why anglophone scholars have (relatively) ignored him RT pls
MT : Bmore designers & developers stop by #WebSlam at U of B tomorrow 9-5 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
U can't sleep to
3. is a very long conversation. I am not sure I know the answers.
Not even going to lie
Moved to table in 1k. 67k at 2k 30 left He says "we don't take to your kind around these parts" in fake south accent.
Right.... cause guys like London Fletcher, Larry Fitzgerald or numerous others have never displayed the same (or more) class,
Anything photo-worthy happening on the ground near you? Tweet it!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dwight Richards °Rising 12th °Fort Wayne, IN °Travel Team: Martins Wolverines °Small forward 6’6
Damn bannanas are bomb in captain crunch lol!!
": BIG s/o to for answering my music publishing questions!!!" Chk out her music!
#TheWalkingDead here i come!(:
"Climate is what you expect, weather is what you get." ~Robert A. Heinlein
Awesome! Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
This is my first tweet
#sem2011 Historic walk. Liberty Bell. Now village whiskey. I'm excited about this drink being made right in front of me.
HAPPY NEW YEARS
That was awesome! Go Pack!
If you missed them @ the Ken, the Oscar-nominated short films are moving to Reading Gaslamp on Friday.
Difficult as it is really to listen to someone in affliction, it is just as difficult for him to know that compassion is listening to him.
The #iHeartRadio Music Festival is Live!! Watch it live right now! bit.ly/r0eMaD
Common and Lupe Fiasco are in my top 5.
Thank the Lord
I Be Beatin Ass
Talking to my buddy
haha nicee :P oh I finished Saint :D lol
It's Friday! Finally!
Shadowing my boss and getting things ready for #sdmardigras tonight!!! I'll be there :-) will you?
Should I post tracks from the CD as it's being recorded? I'm on the fence about it.
Thanks Jacqueline! We need to catch up! Coffee this week?
Listenen to old school Vanilla Ice, thinkin back to skatin @ Neville ...ah I'd re live THOSE highschool days!!
Congrats on your 1st day as PR Specialist at #Associated Banc-Corp
I tried to stop and couldn't. It still makes me giggle a day later.
That field trip last night was fun though (: definitely worth it !
RT : Reports - WR Wes Welker has signed his $9.5 million franchise tender, according to a league source
I AM CRYING. BRITNEY THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING OMFG
Announcement coming hopefully today or tomorrow about a booked date at the Whiskey in Hollywood. Make sure if youre in the area to let...
cleaned all the leftovers out... easy dinner
Elton John tix are still available for Roanoke 3/15 and Richmond 3/17 - get them now as they are going fast!
That's and ad hominem logical fallacy. Just because it comes from someone within a Union doesn't necessarily make it wrong/bad.
Got my Raybans stolen out of my backpack today. Luckily prostiution is somewhat legal in cph. Time to make my money back...
Thinking if I should get my tongue pierced .
They say seek and you shall find! Then they say don't go looking let it come to you! Sh** I'm confused!!!
its a possibility well come see you. You shoulda come over and watched movies with us :(
Just wants a place I can call home..
RT : Word press theme help in tech room
Former President Bill Clinton in Washington, DC next week? More details to come soon... re-tweet me for more information!
That moment when you arrive 30 minutes early to an exam only to realize you're actually an hour early.
Oh.My.Goodness. Prayers are with you and all at western psych - scary, horrible ...
they took to fear and loathing too? Wtf. Gayness.
Hey, Rex! What's with this crappy Jets defense today?! Nice job! #Jets Can we get a stop, please?!
Just gotta have faith :)
Am I the only Bloglines user left? What I am going to use in its stead? What aggregator do you use?
MD A&E District is hosting a National Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts today in Baltimore!
I'm so fat
of course. Thanks kidd ;) I'll pick u up one day n well get lunch or some shit
Gotta tell ya, not a big fan of the forwarded chain email where finger cramping scrolling is needed to get to the point.
I was smiling yesterday , I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
RT : RT : Training is not up to your employer, it's up to you. -- If only everyone was such a self-starter... :(
RT RT These females realer than most of you niggas...
Leftover ketchup and mustard groos me out in a special nails-on-chalkboard kind of way. Yeeeeeeeeeech.
oh okay I she okay
Getting ready to travel to Salt Lake City for a fun meeting!
LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?!x can't wait to hear them!
We now carry Lakefront New Grist to wash down your gluten free crust!
Anyone know of any good watch repair shops in Atlanta?
yes you are
Tattoo my name on you so I know its real <3
100th tweet, yea just a liitle behind I'd say
Dan Miagla just used the word "swagger" in his keynote speech...
I'm fully over #BB13, it's soo boring now..no Dani or Jeff for drama purposes, now just catty bashing.. How fun is the finale going to be
Ruth Wilson Gilmore is writing an essay on the keyword "Prison" for the second edition!
Everyone welcom Andre Miller as the newest Trailblazer!
ha! They do! It was funny, they were asking everyone that came in if they liked egg salad. Felt bar for girl who over ordered
Just move to Seattle for your KEXP fix :)
This technique just isn't working out. Perhaps we should try something else.
3 more till 300 I feel famous ....
Name the song! Subway's no way for a good man to go down Rich man can ride and the hobo he can drown... try to be honest and NOT google...
So glad you were there last night. Thanks for your contributions.
their first thought in the mornings is how can I make more money.. They have little principle
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attack social welfare problems!
a collection goal for school libraries..50% ebooks, 50% print in five years...i can only hope!
We are excited RT : looking forward to another exciting year!
Thanks for the #FF :) Hope you have a great weekend!
Now following
Going Out Of Town Friday
I like him, too. I'm happy, and jealous, that he gets to spend so much time in Italy this summer.
Go follow for a chance to win !
I guess the problem is that after it snows, it's just really cold for like 6 months.
RT : We're beyond the Republican and Democrat dichotomy
Excited to start my new position tomorrow. :)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who thinks they run everybody...
thank you so much! You are such a talented dancer! Had a great time this weekend :)
Tell your friends to like our page and also to follow us!!! Headin to the studio soon.
wha?? You're gravid? wowow, I've been 2 beezy this spring working bee swarms to notice. congrats!
RT : Just found out I'll be working with for Public Service Day! Woot woot!
That's a great idea. How many authors are putting the same book out under multiple names?
Congratulations! She's adorable! Hope you're doing well.
My Phone Has A Bad Habit Of Texting The Wrong People ! : /
sounds good. I'll get there as soon as I can!
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.29
Always looking for new artists to work with. Tweet me your email or a link and I'll get at you.
Yeah how about a "rappin ryan" lol
ok who Amazon'd us the DVD of "Shabbat Shalom Grover Sesame Street, With A Special Appearance By Cedric The Entertainer"?!?!?
just once:) haha but it was! I didn't like Bruno
Playing with Trevor Ware tonight @ parkway grill in Pasadena. Good times! 7-11.
It's freakin' Tuesday! Woo hoo!!!
is your dinner the birds of a feather dinner or something else?
hahahaha I was Like I think shemeans *do...... Awk (;
ah yes. That one is a sort of between book linking the back story behind the virus to the later books.
Make sure you are on WiFi and have at least 60% battery, then go to Settings app > General > Software Update — No iTunes needed.
Only $8 at the door
whatever you are going through, the Lord has gone ahead of you n prepared the way. Trust Him to lead you through...He already knows the way!
A frog jumps out of a well. A boy pours water through his palm to the base of a young plant. The frog clings onto his shoulder. \chinalake\
your tumblr sounds like mine ;)
I think I make bitches jealous
Merry Christmas Everyone!!! Go Celtics!!!
So relived to hear everything is ok now. :)
I dont bash niggas for not having they own place shit I dont have my own place but u dont have a car, job, nothing?!?!Oh no
I don't think it's been released in the USA yet. I adore Colin Farrell What did you think of his accent?
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy. ~Karl Reiland
visiting my grandma <3 and watching Telenovelas with her hahaha
Hi people...havent been on for a while!!!!!
Not convinced "Where there's Pepsi, there's music" even with Elton John in the ad.
If I was in the NBA, I wouldn't wear any active players shoes, unless they were mine, I just couldn't do it
@ Sup cuz! Lol!!! Happy New Year
First event in the Upper East Side. I feel a bit out of place.
I'm feeling very peaceful right now. All my windows in my room are open and the birds are singing and it's so quiet in my house.
Q: Why did the witch's mail rattle? A: It was a chain letter.
Come join us @ our New Venue La Stanza in South Philly for a great night of Networking
well maybe you didn't get the brains, but you sure got the beauty... where have u been, my love???
#sha2012 better not miss Vaccaros pastry!
And one day I will be followed by you because,I never give up on anything I love<3
I wonder what Ima see in this store today
Today was the first day of my 15Th year at the company I work for.
Beat LA!
+2 Adult-ing points for dressing like an grownup between holidays. Proceed unhindered to the Chai / Latte of your choice.
Real nigga street certified
Thanks! : Beautiful furnishing! Nice to know there are other companies that can say Made in the USA.
Tomorrow is looking good <U+263A>
I love that site! I'm thinking redesign.
My sh** ain't for everybody...it's for yo body....
will make my fans proud no doubt
A #critic knows more than the #author he criticizes, or just as much, or at least somewhat less.
WHO DO I NEED TO CONTACT IN ORDER TO SHOOT YOU A VIDEO BRUH!? what's the contact info? I can show you my work. I can tweet links
fact: Ancient Romans&Greeks thought that the Giraffe was a mix btwn a camel and a leopard. Hence, Scientific Genus name of"camelopardalis"!
This one smells good! Let me know if you need help choosing a perfume or cologne for you.
Came home from track
thanks Bri! You have such a way with words! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm definitely feeling myself right now. Shades on, windows down, roof open, playing boosie. making the most outta this lunch break cruise
[Book 5/100] Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell. Challenged my mind, and many assumptions I had. In the end, each story and analysis convinced me!
I don't understand it lol but being nice to ppl here doesn't seem to work
Only to facilitate. RT : I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot it tho. Depends on the situation.
you would live in a van... Down by the river!
Happy Chocolate Day,lets eat chocolate today! yummy
I gotta few weekends in SD comin up. Sounds like a partee.
yeah as always bro. See you in 15days
So bored, went to the dentist, ah my mouth still hurts
that might be the best thing I've heard all day. Just sayin'
#IwantSomebody that'll actually love me. Any takers?(;
The ones who never text you back , be the first to call you a stranger...
Thanks for sharing, Stuart. Hope you are well!
Fred gwynne. I miss him every day.
omg hey ! I haven't talked to you in forever ! What's up !?
What smells like marshmallow?!
I Can Never Love U Again Cuz I Know Ur a Hoe N So Do U. U Just Don't Wanna Believe It.
I am getting hammered today. I would appreciate your prayers. Love you!!!
": we clowned Monday-Friday" Forreal No Days Off.
is SO SO mad she cant go to fashion night out today ! ;[
Not a Nabisco brand.
thank you Matt!!
appid= in your demo? You know I'm filing that for future reference. :)
SPRING CLEANING: Half-way done!
Hm why would i walk when you can have whoever picks you up take you to come see me.
You're not a robocall. You're a person. The more Walker bombards the airwaves, the more people appreciate humanity.
And no fucks we're given last night
cool beat!! I want that sample!
": #wewontwork if you go to space, renos, mekka or the cove. I'm sorry."
TWITTER HOES IS TAKING OVER!!!!!!!!!! S/O TO THE VIDEO ON HERE #YOUTUBE TOOK IT OFF!!!
“ people should fall in love with their eyes closed.”
Grabbing a cup of coffee this morning and about to start my classes in forensic. I'm working on biology right now. I like this study.
back in Los Angeles!
True, link for Bloggers was under press-reg. Yes, confusing-it will change next time around.
I would if I was living in Vegas! Still have to visit since I've never been.
there are no socially awkward people here
Boy you think that you know me, know me, thats why i'm leaving you lonley, lonley...because baby you don't know a thing about me
ur song television love is so cute.! My mom even liked it (:
Thanks for the kind words, man! Right back at you.
i don't wanna sound like a pedophile, but that's a sexy youngin' ;)
Distilled 10x's bitches.
Whoever said "It's not whether you win or lose that counts." Probably lost.
Fascinating, great example of the increasing data obfuscation arms race
#nowplaying martha and the muffins
About to turn on the O's game, but do you want to play some COD after? DM me your gamertag.
nice apostrphe in Buckeyes, Fame. Obviously you didn't get into OSU with such crap grammar skills....
it's just in one more day
hurry the up mayne
#ArtFact - On November 20, 1929 Spanish surrealist artist Salvador Dali held his first one-man show in Paris, France.
Time to take my grumpy ass to bed!
I need to check myself into a software monastery. Are there any available?
if i still used myspace, i'd make my myspace song Jamie All Over - Mayday Parade because that's all I've been listening to
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives Bath & Body uses...
Not to be rude, but O's fans act like every Yankees fan is a scumbag and the devil, and that every O's fan is a saint and an angel.
Your welcome! Thanks for the great info!
i say we should rest folks in 2nd half #saints, #atlanta up 21-0 on
#Bruins' Prospects news: Dougie Hamilton's Niagara Ice Dogs Will Face off against Jared Knight's London Knights in this year's OHL Finals.
In #Egypt they riot for Freedom and Democracy... In #Vancouver they riot because they lost a Hockey game. Relax and have a #Beer, Eh?
He's in custody, yeah yeah. But what is going to happen to those wooden step-stairs?
I never like it when people complain about the new layout of a website...but I don't like the new layout of this website!
3 weekend robberies
Dats because u a donkey lil neck ass nigga lolRT : I think i can fuck foe 4 hours straight
Elbow elbow, wrist wrist, touch the pearls, blow a kiss! #royalwave back :)
Aw, that's encouraging. :) Hope you get some sleep soon!
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)..
I've always wanted to go to a goth night club...Bazinga. (BigBangTheory)
Its a shame we need holidays for an excuse to spend time with family and friends.
Have Heart!
Let me know when it airs! RT : Just finished a fun interview with BBC radio about
Can't wait to win that lottery... what will I do with all my money I wonder?
Cheese making on Friday night. Make ricotta, feta, mozzarella and butter. Eat Fondue. $45. Proceeds benefit UC Davis.
Hello Everyone! It's great to be part of the team. Look out for emails from Speakers Rule!
Here goes my long day :(
i have 666 followers...Ah.
fighting a cold. probably working from home - there are no snow days in e-commerce biz. :/
Are you watching NFL Football today??? Click "LIKE" if you are and cheer on your team to victory!
good trip? What was the weather like?
totally agree...I just saw the teaser, is that all there is so far?
Tigers should trade for Inge
Goodmorning:) thank God and Jesus for letting me and my love ones for seeing another day
Dude she's a girl. Girls can be like that. That's why you need to man up and just drop it dude, its done with :/
Anyone can have tea party values I would think. If it is just a Republican club then it defeats the overall purpose I would think
Headed to and then GLEE! It's confirmed- I'm obviously cool:)
You look good girl!
#preswk12 unique material but cardboard not designed to last. Will digitize signs. Currently in archival wrapping
Faith is to believe what you do not see.. the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Excited for the fall!!! Missing you
Well I'm bored.
btw you didnt have to remove my name from your bio :p
guys, i want a squidgy tattoo like
Apply now - techstars affiliated accelerator
We offer Rx Assistance. www.rx2you.com
#BORED as fuck in algebra with
I love bacon cheddar crisp from rallys a lot.
DAMN MEMPHIS INTERSTATE STAY ON STUCK MODE #ShidCrazy ON
Day 26 of 100: I'm thankful for a relaxing day
Its titty tuesday! Gettin closer to fuck her friday!
Everyone get ready to vote in the student government elections THIS WEEK! VOTE Wednesday and Thursday ONLINE!
listening to dr. sanjiv chopra detailing exercised hope
Cause we next and we flex like 90PX.
Nf my boo . Follow back .. Ian liking the name though .. Imma motherfucking BAWSE !
Discussing ideas for the next Recumbent Cycle-Con & possibly another Adaptive Cycling Roundtable geared toward health & mobility.
When will you ever follow me?
I applaud you for not succumbing to the "way too casual" style that many have adopted. It's an image destroyer
If im not your first choice, then I dont want you.
Only if they put it same room with Matt Dillon's hat...
not a regular sync; one that let's you wipe it clean and start over.
Love Triangle my ass! This was always about you 2 never me! You used me that's what you did!
meet out???
Bout to Drive around Nice Day
It's a lotta #brain behind all dis
Thanks again for a great season. You bring happiness to many.
#CEFACT #li The reorg really makes this work more challenging.
anyone know how much 'adjustability' there is in the rookie contracts? are these numbers the straight average, slightly hi/low?
Take a hint! My tweets are for you <3
Harry unfollowed you?
We may not be wingin' it tonight, but we do have $6 pitchers. Bring a friend (or your favorite good timin' aunt) and come on down.
cook out night
Excuse me not taking c/o
Summer book club reading/eating idea: Celebrate Julia's 100th with MY LIFE IN FRANCE & her famous beef bourguignon recipe...
I prefer
I didn't finish my dinner so i guess I'm not getting any pudding...heck no...I was just saving room for the pudding!
this guy got slung easier than weed on 4/20
This lady sitting next to me at wendy's keeps making her baby hit himself in the face and its cracking me the fuck up.
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
The world should start rotating the opposite way after that. Traviss who are you? Oh no no no no. Kaaameehammee-ha!
Hoes aint got no manners, like a old TV with bad antenna reception.
I DONT HAVE A PHONE RIGHT NOW BRO, IMA HIT U UP THO
idk but "when u gon let me cut" (in my big chief voice ha ha ha
Five fastest fractions in KyDerby history for Bodemeister? Mike Smith is loopy. And scared to run in traffic.
Catching up on Vampire Diaries!
Squatters arrested in #Portland. People living in abandoned homes? CRIMINALS!
Out with the old. In with the new. Another chapter.
I hate your face too.
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
excellent show tonight- YOU made it good.
He is awaiting Jefferson decision tom., as is UK. Harrell could see a UK offer by early as Wed. if Amile goes elsewhere.
stoked for the #timbers game tomorrow!
Thanks; we are excited about our Facebook page!
They were a good time. I was born in late 68 so I started watching in the 70's.
Welcome to my home town! Let me know if you need any recommendations.
footprint under each painting in the galleries...student asked how else was he supposed to balance his notebook. #wth?
totally agree! RT : A3: Get involved in everything! not just arts, but Chamber, YP groups, Comm. events, City mtgs.
Yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry.
On bass! (That's Jay Bennett on piano)
Send ME cookies ;) RT : Stop bringing cookies. Love it.
you should check out Milwaukee. Not warm at all but lots of creative community here.
Had a great day.
-People Be Dick ,
Happy St. Patrick's Day
HA HA LOL YOUR FUNNY !
RT : Are you watching ? Lakefront Marathon Kids Run and minimalist shoes on at 8:10.
Don't confuse your heart with your mind.
you heard it here first, people. RT : I'll shave it in the off season just for you ;) "fine, but you're hotter w/o the beard"
Even though I'm not a d boy I dress like one, lol Best of both worlds I guess
If the Clippers would like to lose while I am at the mall investigating white jeans, cool cool cool.
I probably won't be getting on more often tho /: I've already decided I'm actually gonna go out this summer, haha:)
lmao i kinda wanna work one last time. i promise id walk off while on the clock wit a bag full of shit. Beer n all lol
Lmao! Good morning! Not good nothing. :D
I hate driving long distances it is so boring
What if a guy told you "I don't eat pussy" how many points will he lose exactly
Somehow never got over it.
Design Tip: Take your time & build your art collection piece by piece so that it reflects who you are. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Really interesting compare and contrast of public #cloud vs. private #cloud by Treb Ryan. Some good use case examples.
Bullshit ain't got time for us
Will you send out a tweet when you post a new tip?
Something has got to be done to my hair. Ew
We're Live at OMSI after Dark. It's the chemistry of art using jpain, metals and even Play dough.
so no Florida teams no team in Phoenix....no team in California, Dallas either?
My starred tweets have turned into a "to do" list for the weekend.
I'm good I had my night out in town last night lol in only good for 1
P.S. The winner will be announced next week and may attend any of the last 3 shows!
there's nothing long about a long weekend, nothing short about a short work-week
i know they do@ i havent seeon one of those shows in soo long!
I'm a sun that doesn't burn hot, I'm a moon that never shows it's face.
Interesting to watch how is using her Win8 tablet almost like a teleprompter.
They were tasty, but I need to work on my technique! RT : they still looked very good!
Twitter at least two picks ahead of ESPN and NFL Net. Bad for fans, good for us.
wow,he really likes those distressed jeans!
we shoot all of our projects and own all of our equipment. Check out our site www.ThirteenE.com
i got that DM of yours just now :/ lol
Our school does cats. ^.^
Lucky you! ;) How much homework do you get?!
other than the fact that putting your things in any other medium always gives you space to contemplate
You're on the right path when inspired young people pause thoughtfully w/ wonder & possibility, then can't contain their idea flow. Love!!
Fuckn Right , Alright .
good luck, good vibes, good seeing you
Sad for all non-heterosexual people in North Carolina, you will have victory over religious bigotry one day
One week no computer..... I'm going to design old school
I should probably go to bed, but fuck it. Not like I have anything to do. Hahahahahaha
Head to the studio to put some new jams downs
Carrying your cross sounds cool until it actually demands pain, agony, and suffering for His glory and none of yours. Lord give us all grace
wow i dont feel like doing this presentation im not even nervous
Your not supposed to talk to your best friend boyfriend unless it's an emergency, or you knew that guy before her. SMH Im just sayyiinn
General Editor - Espn - Bristol CT
Academics, of all people, shouldn't respond to criticism by shutting down the dialog.
back spasms that won't go away. having to back out on selling food at volleyball game. grr.
I see Phillip as more of a Eddie Vedder =)
Maybe after work. How late are you open? Thanks.
Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
BE Satisfied in EVERYthing YOU are currently experirencing RIGHT NOW! Trust his: YOU"ll get to where you want QUICKER
“: Clothes should be optional.” #SwagLife Follow: &
ugh so bored in Math class :P but i look so pretty in my fairy suit (not to be cocky)
Yes knows what is good!!!
went hard today on BACK IN THE DAY CAFE
So iThrew Dem Bandz , shee did it With No Hands ;)
RT Rapper Heavy D Has Died
": When a black person tell you they around the corner they really 10 mins away" half way there means they didn't leave yet
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst calls the Portland Mayoral Race for Charlie Hales, and Jefferson Smith.
I seriously can't wait for summer.
if I ever meet you in person, would it be cool if I showed you some magic??? +smiles+ <3 ;)
Middle eastern people talk so softly.
I'm the stupidest/saddest/drunkest/silliest panda on the planet. wahhh....guess ill just go start blowing in the wind...
Three people from watching
Real Genius plus muppets?!?
R U thinking of a make over for your Living Room.Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" Will give it a fresh timeless new look. In-stock now.
awesome race! Amazing job by in rookie race, many more great races ahead of him!!! Congrats JR and Go Guard!
Some people may not know they have HIV/AIDS
if ain't got no money take yo broke ass home .
Guy & Eva Pays Your Bills has a 3rd winner: Michelle Adcock!You just won $250! Great job to her Style Advisor, Catherine Clark!
hope u have a great game!!
references (she loves Lena Horne, that's how I first learned about Cabin in the Sky)
We are the 99%, stand together!
RIP Whitney Houston
Congress or maybe the entire DC area should be the first one way trip to Mars.
Do real women exist idk
SAME and it's really hard for me to do any work because I'm still sick lol
A lot of people run a race to see who's the fastest. I run to see who has the most guts.
No..u will never see that again in ur lifetime on such a big stage
Congrats to on your engagement!! I am SO excited for you and Jeff. xo
Thanks for the #FF mention yesterday, Debbie.
It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards
These new themes are awesome !! Great stuff and easy too, if I wasn't so bacllogged, it'd be an early night!
We'll miss you, man. Good luck in MTL and see you when you come to LSP.
Success will often come down to you wanting it more than the next person.
Sick of being broke FML
should know that I'm on week 2 of this vegan lifestyle...my NYC boo.
go on thursday!!
NYY P Joba Chamberlain (ankle) is no longer wearing a walking boot. There's a chance he could rejoin the Yankees' bullpen late this season.
I just said it isn't fully because of temp, did I not? A southwest city in the desert shouldn't have an NHL team in my opinion.
i knoww! But we r gonna go snowboarding one day the whole crew!
“: missin my buddy!! How is the mrs?” she's awesome! She stayed home with a sick kid today :( no fun...
Swagger on a hundred thousan million and beyon i see you talkin to your friends lookin at me in the corner of your eyes
Changed my mind, happiness is in 11 chinnies yeah boi!!
you guys have fun, i think i'm going to hang out here...
wishing you an awesome weekend.
my school mentioned something about bullying today and I kept thinking they should sign up to be with defeat the label :)
my school has twitter blocked! <U+E408>
I Only Settle For The Best , Then I'll Know Ur Giving Ur All.
We'll sneak out!
Had a lovely visit today from Dr. Astrid Stuckelberger visiting from Switzerland.
HI!! i have not laid eyes on it myself, so i can't say for sure.. but i see *other people suggesting 2K.
Spiritualized opening with "Hey Jane." Everyone collectively agrees new Spiritualized is really good?
Attn: #Boston #IT folks is looking to hire a VP of IT - #IT jobs. Contact me to learn more
Thanks for the RT, Cheryl! Hope you are well!
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there! I'm just a father to two crazy puppies and 3 weird cats, but that's OK. :)
Your tweets always make me laugh. :) Are you still doing pageants?? That was so fun when we did the story on you
she may night have a drivers license, but she can rock out on a piano... you coming?
Freshman, freshman, freshman, ya a fresh man
your crazy!
baffled. glad you guys still find something to rip Ubaldo for. I'll take 15 walks from him if the scoreboard says 0.
Mellamphy now turns to Simondon's "magical age" that is prior to the point where objects and subjects are distinguished from each other.
I love my friends!!! everyday they make me so happy I hate vacations it hold me back from my friends and my boyfriend
awesome that's good to look forward too! Lol
bubba. U break that scale in the background?
Thanks for following!
Rachel Scarpati of at #Musicbiz2012 said: Tech moves faster than the law and that's the problem with setting rates.
#itAnnoysMeWhen i cant find anything to do #not winning
How do you like your CUM?: Facial or body lotion?
No rest for the weary.
umm too bad I was on break from the 15th thru the 26th haha. I would have if I knew in advance.
What's that thunderous sound of iron plates hitting the gym floor? It's Monday and these are deadlifts
I just got cash on the mail. Is going to be a great week http:/tinyurl.com/2565jfu
thank you for #FF :)
This is not going to work anymore.
Thanks, Eric! For me, writing is best taken one sentence at a time. :-)
or if it passes and the newly DFL controlled #mnleg passes a completely toothless bill?
Happy earthday guise.
Please tell me you're coming to Minneapolis for Rush.
RT Starve the bastards out! Tell the IRS to piss off. Change withholding, pay less taxes.
Welcome home bro!
well hey I'm still in high school and have go wake up early ha goodnight :)
that's the last thing we need! Already down 2-0! Batting inuries! Now we desperately need everybody to step up!
saying a prayer for my dear friend who lost her dad this week. Love you friend! Call me anytime day/night if you need an ear
Kardashian in Dallas?!
Oh yeah...
CHRIS MANN..IS AN ANGEL!!
Spin class makes me crazy hungry. I'm craving a veggie burger.
G-nite BELIEBERS got to wake up early to buy JUSTIN BIEBER FIRST STEP TO FOREVER(((: leave me stuff:)
The key to getting and keeping an audience for your online videos - Engage first, Brand second.
Truth! : people in Cleveland are real, loyal, and straight up badass! Screw the haters...
I take it there was a game tonight...
It was a great film. Abrams never disappoints.
I love sending people sweet goodmorning texts, I want them to know how beautiful they truly are.
Just bought shoes from the kids section haha
Let's get 25 people to order so there only 15$ and not 30$!!!!! Or 100 people then there both 10$!!!
COME ON EL PASO...LET'S EARLY VOTE!!
the problem is common sense aint so common
RT : #flatirons Weiser on 2013 budget: Need more public focus on "seed corn" funding for innovation, STEM, R&D and tech transfer.
RT : Datacenter mgrs are innovating unbelievable scalability solutions. Are yours better? Join the
enterprise rent-a-car has fuked me over 3 times today. classic bait & switch
WITH THAT PRICE, HOW COULD YOU GO WRONG? Actually, it may not be the most cost effective now that i think on it.
Disagree / dislike RT : Alright, I'm done. But seriously, if you follow hokieguru I want nothing to do with you.
what did he narrate?
I saw you AND HIM... Walking in the raiiiiinnn.... LOL. cc:
Congrats to more graduating seniors !
Thanks! But why the switch?
get your mom up and tell her..
Awesome! Sounds like it will be a great turnout. Thanks for the info.
i dont like you. you look like you on #TeamRapist. goodbye. have a nice life.
That awkward moment when your watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes on.
"The Pace will get faster next year" Meaning "We will plan less and implement more poorly"
Acceptance of self & the way life is is the key to contentment and happiness. What about yourself & life do you resist? Notice,let go & open
Sounds great. :) RT : Best morning of writing ever! Wrote about bank robbers, cars, and going car-free. So fun. :)
Good Morning!!!
some day I may watch Busytown just to see live tweet.
High School Summer League coming to the IISA starting in June. Info is up on the website: www.internationalindoor.com/leagues.htm
My Pleasure. Thanks to Jesse doing that great interview! Looking forward to seeing Undefeated.
momma just offered to buy me a costume.. please don't i want new shoes :-D
Lol Hell Ya! She Got Her Few Hits In Doe I'll Give Her Dat
Eden rooftop is packed!! Omegas are in the house.
Perfect! Thanks!
Wow Do U Know Me? Kelton :]
People still make Facebook statuses?
champagne also drinks well through a straw. And on roofs.
i <3 make the yuletide gay haha good movie :D
Sapphire diamonds blue dreams
thanks - better than I thought, worse than I'd hoped.
The best things in life are functional and supported. Being free helps too.
Twitter Exclusive: 15th person to tweet #spelmuse & wins autographed copy "American People, Black Light"
Like Idk its gonna be awkward if some people read it.
Can we please stop using euphemisms like "transmedia" to refer to "shit about videogames"?
It doesn't matter what you did or where you were, it matters where you are and what you're doing...
If you want to earn points for your Google doc, it needs to show work for the reading up to this point.
Going to convince my team to use Pecha Kucha for our staff meetings from now on.
thank you sir
Data quality is an issue. Need data on interaction w/ system, on performance, cognitive interactions, & used to make better products
When I get married I think I will hyphenate my last name....
I plan to continue the great food week adventure. Thinking Bartolotta tonight, Mundo for Cinco De Mayo...Who's down
Now is the time to be brave
i luv the 8flavas yall the best and im 11 thats not me on the profile and im a dancer i hope we can be friends hav a fav life
what do you mean OKAY? SAY NORMAL WORDS WOMAN!! NORRRRMMMAAALLL
The higher quality the vitamin, the better the result. Makes sense to us, how about you? Hieber’s has the BEST – 412-681-6400
Forgive my whine... but I want to be printed so bad. lol... ok .. i'm done. lol
how many white/gray hairs do you have now?
Awww....I miss our lunch meetings! When are you coming down to #bmore to visit?
If only i could be a night owl and early bird all at once..
GM twitter today Healthy Hair Products R giving away 250 samples at our 5 vendors
Lakers should be lucky that there down by 9
Not gonna lie, I'm a little bummed that we didn't win the mega millions.
I quite enjoyed the food at Kitchen 4140! It was quite gourmet & the chai lattes were ginormous. can tell U more, tho
starting a quidditch team at schreiner!!!
Trivia Night in Bellevue! Wednesday Wine Club! Come to Fremont to check out our new wine selection!
Glad you like! They're one of my favs
The rich are different from you and me RT Friday news dump! Mitt Romney filing an extension on his taxes.
So done for the night!
lol I deejay sat too!
Love this.
dear , you are awesome, that's all
RT Roses are red. I got a phone. Nobody calls me. Forever Alone.
Popcorn amd cherry coke
It's a full-moon driving kind of night.
keyword *dont. I couldn't agree more
Bet she was a cool lady.
Nail polish makes a fun and fabulous stocking stuffer! How about some OPI or Essie?
if you're riding in palmer park you can stop by the house grab a beer later?
#openingdaymiracle best friend got tix right next to mine!
You're welcome! Have a good weekend!
woo!!!! Miss ya too! And happy early 21st ;)
jesus christ, why are you going back
RT : Motivated by 's trash talk, #Astros win 11-4, begin their march to the Series.
Listening to Sade.
Back on my cooking grind
check out this kid on YouTube The Dan
He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help. ~ Abraham Lincoln
Go big Red!
I wish I could play the piano!!!
Hey Tony!!!!! I misses you and thanks for helping me look for colleges by you. Love ya Sexxie-Mexxie Doungen Dragon! <3Aly<3
I want your words inside me. Okay, fine I want you inside me. Its either that or the anal cherry goes on eBay. Great work!
We will be by Manpower on the eastside today. C U There.
you don't want to see my ugliness ;)
Listening to some interesting uses of Word-of-mouth in large companies such as Hershey's, McDonalds, PEMCO and others at
LMAO like she thought this was some kind of a field day or sum
you for the hurricanes?
and are rocking their performances with the great new storyline.
Midterm in 20 minutes. Having wonderful conversations with people i
Mouth vacuum. #nicknameinhighschool?
RT : One #YPF tech complete I love that these kids are getting the opportunity to see their work come to life.
just sayin hit that weight room lil guy lol
what type of classes are you taking
Had a great time hk, I rode my friend's long board and did go without a suit
Gosh..I freaking love zaxby's...eat more chicken or record music? That's tough...
Surgery will end Howard&#39;s season
#CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy we can't all just get along?
That's awesome!
takes a break from sports to talk about sex & relationships with Dr. Sonjia, author of best-seller
I'm not a proponent of steeping tea in a Keurig. Can't control water temp or the time.
just tripped so hard, his shoe came off smh... Funny shit..
Omg i saw him, i was leaving rehearsal! #sorry to hear that...
Music, I love you. You will always be my therapy. Please - don't ever stop playing.
Despite the loss at home last night, I still expect the Celtics to win the 76ers series relatively easy.
#ProudDad ! “: My 10 year old daughter just made a perfect catch & rip move for a floater with left hand. Made my day. Wow !”
Good morning I love mondays we starting fresh again Long working day ahead !!!!! :-)
“: we're ready to do some testing down in Atlanta, too ! (hint hint) :-D” b there ~ the same time as the azaleas! ;)
I believe it is the perfect day to dance in the street and catch snowflakes on my tongue.
Summery of Battle: Los Angeles- Marines fight Aliens, for two hours
Balanced scoring for the heat = No chance for a game 6
Opening day for the Reds! Can't wait for the game today against the
#terrible first commercials.
I love Asian-style noodles & have experimented many times in trying to get the broth right..love this recipe...Omg, delicious! Thks!
his groceries alone were $300 a month and I dont know that I could go that far.
I'd like to be added, if you're able.
big screen shows giants, they boo. 49ers they cheer. Odd i know.
Check your DMs.
You meant "soo creative" ; )
I watch every #nyj game. It's not so much where he's at right now, but clearly on his way to special status.
Tell your kid what you expect of them and explain the consequences they can expect if they misbehave. Then follow through 100% of the time.
Damn... player just blew his knee out
Good thing I got to work 20 min early today--it takes that long for my stupid office PC to start up.
oh fantastic! Saw your bit in WISh- congrats !
Avon's seniors need to step it up to beat that.
Health and fitness tips, recipes and more at www.carolinescottmagicpill.com and www.facebook.com/MagicPill!
Goodnight I love you so much!(:
lmaoo noo that's what I be saying when I tweet u because your name but you have to read it like a long Z.... mybad FL talk lmao
Sad to see it go but frankly few shopped there anyway. Almost glad for CVS buyout: one last hurrah vs quietly fading away.
Today in Literary History: On April 22, 1946 John Waters (writer, journalist and filmmaker known for HAIRSPRAY) was born in Baltimore.
I put my profession as hacker for years (on gov't forms, etc.), until I got yelled at by a passport agent.
IT'S OK I LOVE YOU BOO BOO!!!!:D -KEN
lmao ": y does look like a throwback Seatle Seahawks rep..."
And females lol RT : Lmao D.R. Has the best of all of that! Food, drinks, culture, music!"
I am so jealous. I wish I had time to cook. Try a little jalepeno in the cranberry orange sauce. Crazy but good.
: Is your hair really curly? Lol random and can I get a follow? <333
Shoutout ----> give her a follow!
True. Just makin' sure ;)
damn this injury not get any better!
We're so happy to be here WOMPing our hearts out!
listening to the amazing Brasilian sounds of Os Malandros @ Lucid in the U District. Get Down here if you can!
New episode tonight at 9PM ET on TV! RT : 4th and forever is a good show
i got that feeling when im with u ;$ <3
Party rockers...really?
not automated, but if you embed video in a GoogleDoc presentation, you can create class-only comment set.
I Hate the people with Heartless -__-
Huddle house.
good news: andy davis
im watchin that too
Consider who should be present and who should not be present during the
Billy Madison can always make somebody feel better! -- "Back to school, back to school"
awesome! I'm sure he would love to play in your garden
in a way... Except people who celebrate Christmas here do it twice......
That does look sweet!!!
LA is treating me great! How's Cornerstoneland treating you?
is it possible to use other shapes?
Great commercial for with Fred Karger for President
Gosh, Logan Comstock, you are the greatest friend. EVER.
Aspen Carlisle's trial ended in a conviction yesterday. Good for lexington. She is well on her way to becoming an excellent trial lawyer.
Just read my newsletter. Is it us or do these guys know EVERYTHING?
Have Jay-Z & J. Cole ever been spotted at the same place at the same time yet?
Why can't I ever get past 20? :P
true. i can get a mail order bride from russia RT : You're junk email is better than mine.
I miss those days ,
please tomorrow on USTREAM please
Sorry to ppl that hav followed me and I haven't followed back twitter is being annoying at the moment :p or since to days ago :p
Quote of the Day: "A goal is a dream with a finish line." -Duke Ellington
contact mics have been made. now on to
I just wanna see strip right now
Rivercats need 3 to win in the bottom of the 9th.
Lmao, let's go before it gets any hotter outside.
I sure am! Just made a decision and booked. Time to go to the next level.
You could wear your birthday suit
Vegas music lovers....Bikini Bar is where its at tonight!!! Watch Amarex, Crash Kit, and A Trivial Hero SET IT OFF!!!
I'll just order up another and pretend I'm alright cause the truth is im only drinking me lonely tonight <3
Wow, haven't seen it. Incredibly lame.
This #Eagles offense is so good when they don't turn the ball over, Vick is making great decisions and great throws right now
Why did Walter cross the road?
How do you get so mad over petty ish that you would pick up a bottle of wine to throw at someone's head? WTF?!
Video game time.
. And then the shoes will be the reward!
I think I'm blowing it with this guy! I'm so fucking wasted!
yes, I ghost write
does that mean that you'll be in MD starting tomorrow?
Nope, only mon and wed. Ok, if there is anything I've done already that u like, let me know.
A great day to kick off the Downtown Des Moines Farmers Market and ! Huzzah!
CORRECT: PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Steady In Asia; Physical, Investment Demand ...
Tryouts Today!!:) Does everyone have a place to go?? If you have a questions please post or call 816-797-4529. GOOD LUCK!!
Treadmill for me
count on my prayers.
there are so many options of things to watch. It's as if you could watch all night.
I get annoyed when people ask Facebook who's hiring, like get off your ass and find out yourself.
Have a mean headache.... so not feeln good 2day :(
A little sativa and squats 'til I puke.
Thanks for the #ShoutOut! :)
check out the halloween costumes..on my face book page.. search la comfortzone click on my halloween album in photos....
...gotta fight tooth and nail to use it in S. Studies "as" a text. Zines w/community connection-sweet.
<U+200F> Thank you so much for sharing our #job posting!
All I have to do tomorrow is take like two test and watch a bunch of movies.
@ home today, sick. Just now arising from slumber. No research today.
Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter #Toffee comes out this week!! You'll have to stop by the store for a taste!!
I don't need your money don't need your car I just need u to love me right both spiritually and mentally treat me like a queen follow me ;)
Everyone has the opportunity to health care just not a right to have your neighbor pay for it - go to work!
My moms a G for finding these pills for my hair and skin but boy these are some big pills!!
With love Happy Birthday to you dear Miranda :)
Ok...now learning about hashtags are there any haghtaggers out there at #30DC?
Somebody Skype me:*
What do you grok?
Shes just deformed!!!
How can you not love a pup that follows up an adorable yawn with an audible fart? What a loveable monster.
umm just don't go
“: dude. I'm 21 and darlings are still alive!? That's rad.” Fo real? U 21 now!?
may need another bag for #superbowl! RT : DEF bought the sweet potato at costco tonight. THEY ARE SO GOD :)
great to have Tanya Joshua in SoCal to listen to issues, I will be putting together a short video of her visit soon. Mahalo!
Heaven let your light shine down. Happy Wednesday!!
My bracket is blowing up tonight! Hope #Florida wins or else it's over for me.
thank you!
Stay tuned for our MoZer Bats Baseball Trivia Question of the Day. Winner gets 2 entries into the MoZer Bats Free Bat Drawing Nov 30th.
At the end of 1, the #Pacers trail the #Heat 33-16 in our Game of the Night.
Thanks! My partner sings this every so often! Love it!!!
does anyone give me some advice to sell tickets for my art show?
I have to pee but I'm winning at pool. What to do?
yeah I thought so. Melchor right?
And that is what those New York Yankees DO!!!!
I LOVE HOW MAHOMIES AND FRIENDS RETWEET MY TWEETS:)
Try El Burrito Loco: Flour Tortilla with your choice of meat. $7.95 from El Tequila Salsa! www.wausautogo.com
Bounty hunter. Classic movie!
RT I've never seen a crappy episode of . <--- its never crappy... Just redundant as hell. Love every second tho!
I love being called a bitch(: makes me laugh everytimee!
lol of course
I know it blows!!(:
Be sure to follow Thanks for the support!
Is it appropriate for us to post the new ultimate league in the FB group?
I'm not sure I'm that adventurous anymore...maybe in the daylight
So wait, Tebow isn't going to the Jets now? It didn't make much sense to me, but I thought it was a done deal.
where will the Puma's jerseys be today? Inside the MC?
we would LOVE to put your music into rotation... so smooth your sound is.
nope. it's just vanilla and tears.
IU: Top 5 wired college according to PC mag & Princeton Review. : IU's choice for digital textbook platform. Strong endorsement.
north hollow farm in vermont..... www.vermontgrassfedbeef.com
work tomorrow? not fun. Mall after? Fun :)
Want to go spend too much money at #sephora Must. Resist. Temptation.
12 hour drive to Houston TX
New version of OHMS being finalized soon. Very excited!
a girl that likes sports im in heaven
May I ask.. What was Sophia trying to say on the windshield? or did someone just write it there in case she came back?
His b**** badd looking like a bag of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>! He go and get it then he let me count it for em'!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Star Power Mixtape.... So fresh
can you get this anytime during dinner? Do you need advance reservations to get the TM?
is the podcast going to be available on itunes?
“What if you could find your family and friends?" -Tim Cook...so glad I was not in high school during the iPhone
Still on the road. Nashville's plane was late so we got a late start. Arrival time in TN is approx 2:30.
": #MentionTo someone you think about every night and day." Dennis Ray <3
A big penis doesnt always mean hes a pro in the bedroom. So dont try and use that "i gotta big dick" shit on me. Takes more than that :p
Know the difference between failure and temporary defeat
Dangg twitter! Stop being so interesting, i have to wake up early tomorrow! Aha
:) how about the highlands? Like 730 and ill justbe about 15 late?
I CONQUER!!
Don&#39;t Believe the Disinformation: Illegal Mexican Immigration Isn&#39;t At ...
Your support is awesome, Erin. I really appreciate it! Let's get that drink soon :)
Just realized that The Twilight Zone is on netflix. And I was worried I might be productive at some time in the near future.
aye are you going to have time to visit a home game this summer? Game day atmosphere is off the chain..
Busy day for us! Love Rock came off the bottling line today, and Pot Luck Packs went out the door!
If my life were a song, this would be an amazing solo...
Meeting in an hour for lunch… I will be reunited with Thai food for the first time since last August!
I often find myself contemplating which would I rather have the Dirk or the Nowitzki
Lol I see that mouth hasn't changed
in that case.... if you must... (even though I don't know who that is. haha) can we hang out soon? i'm almost done with class.
The UW-Milwaukee Music Library is now tweeting.
Congrats on ur acceptance to !!!!!! Yay ED decisions reaching students! New Baby Eagles!
Oh yeah. Watch out for projectile vomiting with that dude. But you already know...
cool but wat if teacher wants to see u giv it to ur mom?
Dreams like that freak me out.
How strange is it that I, at almost 60 yo, am really (REALLY) enjoying the stabbing and mutilation of stage combat?
We will have our cell phone ears on all night for any questions or counsel about your rights and responsibilities 800--529-1966.
I told my mom some of the ladies in zumba act like its pole dancing and then she asked me how I knew what pole dancing was. LOL WHAT.
Thnx 4 choosing 2 taxi w us!:) RT : hey, thanks for looking but I actually just booked one on Flash Cab's website..
lasting laughs Go follow
Kush is the
Thank you Buddy!
Apparently, if I was happy, my writing would suffer.
One of my CEO friends needs a Sr. Flash Developer for an awesome position in San DIego to do Online Games - resumes to
Yankees vs Mariners Today, Andy Pettitte On The Mound
Sad, but true. RT Ever notice that executives are 100% scheduled and that innovation needs unstructured time? A bit of a conflict.
Still hot out but the beers still cold!
Join us in "Connecting to the power of the full moon with yoga & Pari . What are you waiting for? Wed. 3/7 - 7-8:30pm.
Obama's EPA is crushing average Americans with gas prices. They show all the compassion of a Roman centurion nailing his victim to a cross.
"Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence.” Evidence for Christopher Hitchens' essential voice 6:30 tonight
Heading to Everest base camp in April. Would be happy to write a review for any of your gear. Let me know. Eric
There is nothing stronger than hot chocolate in the press box.
Goal And Goal by gudeman
"All in all an unqualified success". More detail, more quotes, more evidence = ideal NEC case study!
I haven't seen headlines... Maybe because there were no deaths? LOL RT : ha...you mean they haven't said that yet
Knock! Knock! Who's There? CLASSIC SLICE! Yay! NORTH AVENUE 270.1880 BAY VIEW 238.2406 PICK UP! - DINE IN! - DELIVERY!
When in doubt, play sims
Thank You!!!
I'm not following you though, weirdo! ;)
Step #6: give up on complaining.
Congrats, Greg!
Good morning to my new boo!
Best Hair Care Solution For Falling Hair With Haricarelover
She the hoe everybody runs to for a quickie
Thanks Carmelo! We will share with our friends and patrons...come see us again in dc
Couldn't agree with you more! #SomewhereSafer by is so incredibly timely.
yeah okay. It's fast food Mandy, they can replace you in a heart beat. I wouldn't feel so bad about quitting if I were you.
On my way back down to after a nice nap.
I live my girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Paula and I will do Sheryl. Please give Uncle Stanley my regards, I missed his party.
Right. Honestly, with everything else, I figured that was the least of my worries. I LOVE #Goodnites!! lol
congrats on the new site! lookin' good!
Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror.
Thank you and the wonder twins for the RT!!
I like music(:
hahahaha yea true
Wish u all happy holidays...U guys are the gift. Bless u all. Merry Christmas...
Im about to hit it up too.
wish i were in a day early, this one is on my list. Enjoy!
Mingle, libraians, MINGLE!!
That awkward moment when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them "Hey" but then your hand its the mirror. xD
Yay 4 xanax!“: The staged reading of one of my screenplays is in a few hours. I'm kinda freaked out that I'm not freaking out.”
Doing my patriotic duty by stimualting the economy in Vegas!
We agree. RT "In a perfect world, every dog would have a home and every home would have a dog."
tonight was actually pretty good.
If that wasn't pure luck, maybe.
RT : Who controls our brain? Who can I blame? The world seems strange at times somewhat insane.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
The moment I choose, I can be rid of Mr. Hyde. ~ Jekyll #MarchMad(scientist)ness
Soror, I love that segment! RT : Get ready for #Professionals with
RT : You say the sweetest things.
yep!! March 30 is the day we get in :)
Glad #nerdland didn't lose you! (From a #blacknerd that would like chess college basketball coverage!)
Why is janero pargo in the game right now?
hi! My friend Sydney gave me the bracelet for my birthday, thankyou!!! It's amazing(;
Thanks for the shout out! Right back at cha. Keep doing your thing!
well the"lazy" fairy and "feel like crap" fairy came by today but they forgot to bring the "cleaning" fairy and the "motivation" fairy
beats are yummy
Me too until I saw this! Yay! RT : All day I thought it was Friday. I just gained a day. Love mistakes like those.
Why soo angry?! You just need to be on that #followbackswag!!! #Justsmile!! :)
RT: : condoms?---- classic and that sounds so clutch
"it is our knowledge of place that sets community foundations apart" by CEO Lucas of
any idea when My Yo My opens in the third ward??? It's such a nice day for FroYo :-(
I've had very bad experience with cream liquors, so I don't think I would like these.
never given that I bought new Honey Dogs and Trampled by Turtles and used Bill Cosby, Peter Frampton & Springsteen
Hahahaha that's my word!
I hate arguing with him..
What resolution did u identify for 2012 that will increase your wealth, not that of an advisor, the financial services industry and Wall St?
Presenting two posters at #PAA2012 in San Francisco. Who else will be there?
You got it!
When I find myself in times of trouble Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom, let it be
But then again.... <U+E402>
Spending the morning preparing for our A Musical Legacy: 3,3,2 concert on January 27th, 7:30 pm @ Plum Street Temple. It's getting so close!
Honorifics are funny. Sometimes I am Dr. Miller, just Jason, Mr. Miller or occasionally Mr. Jason. Sadly, I haven't earned the 1st one.
‘Mad Men’ Creator Matthew Weiner To Direct ‘You Are Here’ via
I dreamed somebody missed me, wake up, shake it off, and repeat.
Hoopin at fred..
Finally home...
Cant wait for the concert tomorrow!! get to see on my Birthday! <3!
Mouth So Good It's Like She Ain't Got NO Teeth .
Tanning with (:
probably because they don't want to put a satellite on the top of the building just for you.
after getting all my hand wrapped, i wear a large or medium, depending on the glove
Ahh my bad I thought I was I followed you :)
meh. I like my porn name better
Went 2 my daughters dance class, love watchin her, then I stopped& looked around at EVERY mother on their phone texting. Glad they enjoy it.
You know when a mofo is ghetto when they wear their pajamas to the strip club.
I update my status more on twitter than on Facebook
but if your stupid enough to think a packer has never bit...gauged or twisted a face mask in pile I got news for you. It happens
I've gotta go shopping for mothers day before work. Because a real man loves his mama
Just saw my first grand slam! Baseball can be fun.
Sorry! Here!
One time, my grandma stole a muffin because the line was too long! haha! :]
haha let's get a cassette player to read it to us
Hanging out with Griff & watching the Winter Classic. Join us!
#TGIF Its going to be a hot one this weekend glad for our community pool
and then you slammed Trebec's mother?!
Hope everyone is ok! RT : Pedestrian Struck - 14th St & H St NE
are you serious!?!? Hahaha RT “: Each year, there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.”
I wouldn't go Miami with Vick returning. Go with Philly. More likely to get special team points too.
its okay!
i hope my first white hair is the beginning of a bitchin' bonnie raitt-esque streak.
Today's the 1st, so pay day 4 most of u! Be sure 2 catch early bird kickball registration while ur wallet is freshly stocked! Kickball.com
No problem. Thank you!!
Kinda wanna be a drifter but i dont ever want to imagine the words "your uncle was an odd man"
you will be great! Rock on!
I was over you until you text me in said I miss you :/
Did you know? Manhattan's highest natural elevation, 265 ft, is found in Washington Heights!
oh goodness<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>. I'll help you.
Thanks! Home of the
Sorry I've been MIA for a while!! Been writing a lot of new tunes!
is now following
Hopefully the devils win the cup so parise gets his cup and thinks about signing in Minnesota this off season.
13 months living out of a backpack trained me well - I'm taking just a rollaboard for 13 days in NYC and Italy! I am very proud of myself.
thanks! We're roaming around backstage if you have any questions and want to chat.
go back to Facebook, loser.
#UHsb Dara Pagaduan needs to just settle down, already with 2 errors - nerves getting the best of her right now.
my dads name is bob. XD No joke..
He had a little Kirk Gibson in that! MT : Matt Joyce limping around the bases just then reminded me of...
mastery, autonomy & purpose motivate, carrots & sticks don't-ty . TY Ann Deaton & Fantastic evening!
Nothing like rewarding passionate fans who fill seats RT : The New York Mets will officially be awarded the 2013 #All-Star Game
STOP BARKING STUPID DOG!
I love you so much and I've been trying to get you to follow me for so long, I guess it'll never happen. </3
Hade a dream last night my bros was free...... Sometimes I wonder if we dream the same.......Sigh
no! U need to find him!!! Aahhhh
Everywhere I go, my boyfriends legacy outshines me. Just stopped by my tailor and before she said hi, she asks "how is he?"
In appreciation, all military personnel receive a 15% discount on our services... Contact us for more information... (678) 653-1883
at least you get snow <U+E40E>it's so bipolar here
Dear Colleague letters are circulating in House & Senate asking for strong funding for Byrne JAG in FY13. Has your Congressman signed on?
"Valentine's day?!... What a silly crock of shit. Happy Valentine's Day ya silly whooas."
where can I find this? I have to see/hear it.
great aromatherapy + yoga workshop today with everyone left with a happy glow on their faces and smelling divine!
Get ready and work hard. We need at least 40 save to make these trades make sense and be play-off contender. Go Brewers!!!
So happy the Modesto Airport has open wifi. Surprised, this place is tiny. Off to Orlando via SFO w/!
#WildChildZ #SuperBowl #GIANTSALLTHEWAY im mad hype people Giants are gonna win woo bettin money in this yo!
Cotto wins by k.o. in round 10 or 11
RT : We have a wrap on 36hrs of pure joy w/ all our new friends in Portage Park! Thank you for the support with
Happy New Years! Keep things big in 2011!
haha yes! I wish I could have seen the words on the back of his shirt haha
Going to the dance C:
They'd have cut it at six days, but they weren't willing to give up their "seven maids a milking."
this time for Africa?
Jus got done "Shooting in the Gym"....bout to hit ~Old School By The Pool~ at the LVH & enjoy the rest of this great frickin day
thank you! EggDrops depends on active communities to work. You can start by tweeting about us and telling your friends
GOOD question! We ask the same thing, trying to figure it out! x
LOL Integrity in politics.. think we'll ever live to see that?
Thank you for the retweet!
im rockin like a taco bell swing'n in the Spring breeze lol omgness Starbucks is orgasmic *m*
On the road again...almost home to Minneapolis. Just two more rainy hours in an SUV towing a 30' trailer.
Look this week for highlights of the Men's coaching staff! Today its, Peter Mullenbach Biography - Seattle University Redhawks...
And what do u think about this: guy takes money to do work. Doesn't do the job. We track him down and he finally gets it done. Months later
Tired Tuesday (:
And that means the world to me RT : Anytime Matty! Once someone is my friend, it becomes unconditional!
It's a world event!! RT : Russia had Cosmonauts Day.
Pitt Penguins center Evgeni Malkin is set to return to the lineup Friday against Buffalo after missing 5 games because of a sinus infection.
that's a shallow, ignorant interpenetration of the review. You don't want to see it any other way, and that's fine/predictable
okay..now im know about you
Levon Helm - Wide River To Cross - 07:42 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
'HAPPY NEW YEAR NICK', MAY THE NEW YEAR BE DELIGHTFUL AND BLESSED... HNY! *(*.
Recovering from concert Wednesday, still!
don't worry I will be sure to cuss you out....put you in your place ;) f bombs
If you haven’t any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. <3
its going so slow lol
“ #Retweet if you are a little,tiny bit,nt so much nervous for college this fall”
all I have to say is a girl that dates u or is dating u...will definitely be treated with class! Everything u say is so sweet!!
plays the records of Howard Singerman and Janet Ray on Black Circle Revolution. Tonight from 11PM -1 AM on wtju.net
A day without sunshine is like night.
i know u wanna follow me so click the button that says follow :)
$300 for winning the battle and $200 for best original song (frog jam). Clifton springs likes us
Stuffed nose and severe earache won't let me sleep :( <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
yeah, it was awesome! Hope you're doing great (:
rt if u like sunflower seeds
It's your mom, though RT : LMAO. Look at me. It is what it is. She's on my mind 24/7. Let me put down the cup and chill out.
I'm too energized!
Cant contain
Question to me is, fiscal union requires broad consensus. Just don't see that happening now.
thanks! Think we would need to stick to free version too...
Skinny Fiber stops food cravings, lower high blood pressure, stabilize blood sugar levels, and so much more!...
Girls: Never lower your standards for a guy, make him raise his standards for you!
My fingers to the judge if the $$ don't move.
Wishing I was on a beach, surfing, enjoying tropical flowers & freash friut smoothies,walking the dogs outside my condo.
: Hard work paid off. Sounded great. BTW, I'm drinking Madeira.
Yes!!! We be lookin sexy. BTW we need to catch up. SO much to tell you ;)
on the pregnancy. #JustRememberThat the long journey is all worth it. Thanks for sharing so others could be inspired.
Thanks for the great #PTESocialMedia workshop, Useful to learn about the LinkedIn pages for the university.
I can teach you all of the sounds of love
Sweet baby Jesus Semin
I wanna feel the HEAT with somebody
Better not change. Try to last long with this ..
Any bets I get written up tonight?
Be thankful for a help mate, spouse, better half....doing it alone is challenging at times to say the least. I am #strengthbuilding daily!
didn't they not put out a bat til mid season last year ?
bouta fire on these oodles&noodles..not even playin!!
Thank you. Hope your weekend is off to a fabulous start!
New Media Earns Permanent Gallery at Newseum in DC - ABC News
Hey fans, for more be sure to follow our host too!
Either. Any info at all would be great :)
Are they playing the celtics or something? #whocares RT :
The person you tryna forget about the most. Is the same person you see on your "People you may know" shit all the time -.-
We don't wanna neva end.
Food glorius food
C's destroy the Knicks, 113-96. Pierce drops 38, Ray has 32 and Rondo has 15, 20 assists and 11 rebounds. Game 4 Sunday at MSG.
"We are what we repeatedly do. #Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
we thought it said "drink" like teenagers :)
I'm might wanna buy one of these away jerseys this year. Kinda classic looking.
I know I'm so far behind, but I held it out with and now I'm just simply obsessed with my #iPhone !!
Lol at my last tweet.
on tuesday someone came looking for me. turned out i was the wrong "micah" -- he was looking for someone else named micah.
“: hey Cece it's your bffe” hey waz up?
the sexiest curve on a girl is her smile
Outside My Window Somebody Was Just Playing Gucci Mane Lmao I Wonder Who It Was... I mean We are In Platteville Haha
Iam putting on chapstick while staring the fuck outta you .
make that 5 so far, I'm game!
Unless youre the lead dog the scenery never changes. I am definitely not the lead dog at my house! Can't take my dreams!
I Was Here by makes me think about my time at Westbury.. High school.. These were the biggest 4 years of my teenage life..
The Good Deed is by far one of films. I was in tears. Nice job.
My dog finally came thru a heat game this season
Spring break bust
Just woke uhp bout to go paly basketball
I can't say I live a simple life, I just strive for an uncomplicated one.
What is Jennifer Lopez wearing? Is that available at Kohl's?
Advil bottle dumped out in my backpack...frantically searching for it.
Stomach, stop being weird.
Yumm! The Waffle House always blesses my soul! RT : @ waffle house
The cheesecake milkshake from Ray's Hell Burger is rich, thick, and creamy - can't wait to try the coconut!
Great interview today with talking
RT Am I my brothers keeper "YES I AM" I love when the Duh Duh Man say it LOL
you are too kind! Would love to hit that milestone soon :) Thanks for the bloggy support &
hahaha yeah if I can I'll see if I can get a double horan hug for you. :)
Whoot!! Awesome that its been so accepted! RT : I love the #DaBusHNL app!
Just picked up 's new book - so it's "While America Sleeps" or Con Law tonight
Hey love 'CheckMate', but why you chose to get rid of the number pad for PIN entry confuses me. Don't need full keyboard.
Tonight I learned that my new favorite shot is Leroux Jezynowka Blackberry Brandy. Felt proud to be #polish for the first time in my life!
I'm literally dripping sweat...
I was the one that made the video but the artist is he could prob use your help.
Why up so late can't sleep
mixing work & pleasure: "Public Parts: How Sharing in the Digital Age Improves the Way We Work and Live" by Jeff Jarvis
The #Brewers scored 7 runs on 7 hits in that inning after scoring only 2 runs on 4 hits in last night's game.
How bout a rookie card?
Testing out Google Wave. Who wants to be nominated? It's kind of boring alone...
Bell Aquaculture Launches Fish Rich™ 2-2-2 Organic &amp; Fish Rich+ ...
RT : RIP to the late, great Maurice Sendak. We hope you find yourself Where the Wild Things Are.
Morning service :) ready to praise God!
I keep saying, "Transformers 4 anyone?" lol same page, same page.
Certain parts of the papertrail of receipts reminds me of all the awesome events and concerts I have shot
Everyone Needs to follow For The Best Tweets
To get where u have never been before, u must do What u have never done before.
DC I love you, but it's great to be back home!
must be in Port Henry by now! haha
Pink Carpet, Rooftop, and Models oh my!!
Followed Now how about that shoutout? :)
Hi it's Marisa, and I'm brainstorming some ideas for some current songs we could cover...any suggestions? :) xx
#GrowthCon Wow. Tears and beers. Another Great day. Thank you ups and ent mag.
On the bus en route to the arena to watch the team take on Minny for the National title!
Powerlifting well epic!(: 1st place, varsity boys<3 C:
tell me why the artist I went with beat his girl up,got arrested that was my ride I was stranded phone died. Didn't record at all.
I fuck everything up everything That i get close to
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
#wheneverimbored I read a book...Knowledge is Power!
Lunch at Beans & Barley then catching The Descendants at the #Oriental. I love Sundays.
Information not posted on your link for grade 5 reflections on iPads
I would travel and have misadventures with you in a heartbeat!
i was at sloans today.. i didnt see you!
I don't have lots, BUT I will inspire you to be a better person, and charm you with my smile. :-) thanks for reminding me
that's the way to go. Proud of you!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sounds like a solid plan. :)
We're looking 4 Web Designers who are willing to do some free work for a great cause Please contact Courtney 202-534-8151
Smaller homes and offices cost less to build, maintain and operate. The taxes are lower too! That's one expense we all could lower!
Even for Ellen, vegan road not always easy
#sljsummit transliteracy is about the enacted experience with information in creative, powerful ways, & through creative powerful pedagogy
stopping at a biker bar in Salinas to use the restroom was a horrible idea
look at my eyes ... ROLL 'EM *Kyle voice*
Living life at the beach.
#Jesus and #Arnold #Palmer were playing #Golf... >>> Read the rest of the #Joke #Now @ www.ICUGolfStories.com #LOL !!!
Live column climb on CNN.
Thanks! RT:Congratulations to Water Restoration, Project & The Council for Responsible Sports
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
someone made my day and I'm compelled to make urs dahhhling
Yum indeed!!
I just completely smashed in my kitchen
08/04/2011 - Transportation Committee Speaker: David Gornet, Executive Director of the Grand Parkway Association Topic: Segments E, F1, F2
I'm having trouble locating Rack City on the map. But I'm pretty sure it's wherever you feel like throwing
Delete this page Akia i don't want you on hear...
No Seahawks/Giants game this year. Worst news ever. Now who else do I want to see play? Hm...
um no, go get warm at zinc bar.
i'm too excited to get my hair done tomorrow :)
I was a cheerleader/tumbler in middle school. Cheerleaders rock!
nice!! #thinkbeforeyoutweet :p
I don't see why not! Let's discuss later?
I wish Austy told me happy birthday! That was my wish!
I really wish you'd jump off a 20 story building.
leggoooo we gettin smacked right now. But we all kno what happens where we're down by 14.
Hate. You. Gasol.
Sluts need to understand that STDs aren't Pokemon, you're not supposed to catch em all.
Holy shit he's cute
Justin: "I wasn't that drunk!" Ryan: "You threw a lamp at Selena and said: Hit the lights!" Saw this on facebook, lmfao I cant even!
Major props to this couple at the Death Cab show who walked in and sat down during the LAST SONG.
Sign Held by US Veteran at #OccupyWallSt Rally: “Second time I’ve fought for my country. First time I’ve known my enemy.” Happy Veterans Day
Ugh. I have to run 2 miles tomorrow morning :(
It was so much fun working with you everyone else at the museum. I feel lucky. Hope you're having a great weekend!
Dean David Garman about to give live interview with
dont like me? cool, i dont wake up everyday to impress you
of course. :)
Timbers awful this half. At least the winterhawks give Portland something to be excited about
yes obviously I do you're the one that texted me to ask what Cyber Monday was <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I don't know. Mountain Dew and hair band Friday could be a wild combination.
Damn I been sleeping to much -_-
I like that band. It's good. Thanks(:
BECAUSE YOU DO!
The problem AI faces w having Adam Lambert on their show is that he boosts their ratings... But they will never find another him.
Congrats on your amazing opportunity to meet today!
"When I applied for Welfare, the lady said, 'Yes, I have an aunt who writes poems. Poetry is fine, but what do you DO?'" David Meltzer, 1971
Even if you’re done with your holiday shopping, you’ll never be done with your “Waffle Shopping.” It’s ongoing.
" : does that underground sign mean subway in Italy? " Its in english... hahah
I already got one kicking around. It's Just easier this way especially when I can't get ahold of anybody.
After an intense last day of culinary school,...I feel strangely unaccomplished. I want to go back
Life everyday like it's your last and I promise all those dreams that you want to come true, will.
Small grandson to older grandson, 'You can't fire me. I'm the boss.'
Time to make cookies.
aah , you better !!
Who wants to go to the game when you can listen to Jon Sterling and Suzan Walman while working?
Don't let the person you like step all over you and take advantage of you. Move on from them and find someone who treats you better.
I think Scottie was my favorite, just refusing to apply to any school hahaha
hotter than hell party tonite angels & devils so wear white or red $3 red devils & halo shots dance with the devil and win $250 ladies
I don't know what's on the tv in there, but it sounds like someone is dying. Oh, it was some guy singing "Unchained Melody." KeepONNeeding
anything for my best friend <3 (: love you baby !
lol i knotht y u tried to facetime me yesterday. Beat up timbs, ripped jeans, yankee shirt, big beard
Just sat in bumper2bumper traffic on way from Cape Cod to Newport. I thought #midmo has the worst drivers...proven wrong. Thx
Shall We Dance? - Strands of Pearls
My Padres have me feeling the same way. Thankfully my wife roots for the Cubs - who are sucking equally!
Going over a bridge.. I think I am on the north side.. Wow Wierd trip
Enabling staff to cope with change is a major part of moving forward
Thanks for RT
happens every time!
No I am not
just need to bite the bullet and move
Lost in the sauce wit out moms
Nailed it! RT : I'm just gonna buy another laptop bag for my cat to use as a bed.
hey you subtweeted me too!! Hush
I love the gift of life & the blessing that is having a job...but damn I hate mornings!!!
I'm doing great-loving my J.O.B....enjoying summer! :) And you beauty? Things going well?
Oh, excellent! What's hidden?
I had this same epiphany about 3 months ago.
The weather has been great today I got a bit of a tan to out of the deal
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved
ive always wanted an easy bake oven...
Guess what?! I love you !(:
Your welcome :]
on foursquare???
Frontier Airlines charges $20 to sit in an exit row. Must be some kind of hero opportunity fee?
has to go get purple unicorn from mars to go fight off the evil ninjas working with Elmo trying to destroy all GLITTER from humanity
RT: When will this country be ready for an Amish president?
Thought "I'll wear jeans today!" Remembered I am too busy to bicycle, put on leather pants.
Hoodrats, I will slap theses bitches. RT : You've multiplied,
I hate it when i meow at cats and they dont meow back. Unbelievably rude.
I work with the weirdest people. Forreal.
ha, ok then! Phew
well it said something about bitches so nah nvm haha.
I've taken personal offence to the fact that has never seen Tangled. I don't think we can be friends anymore.
4.2.1 is available for download. Some new goodies, check out the docs for details.
Followes ya!! :D
"All work no play, makes Jack a dull boy."
how would they do a recount in #Ohio if they use Diebold voting machines with no paper trail?
I'm in the mood for some ice cream...I see Ben & Jerry's is now making flavors like me, Alec Baldwin, Pauly Shore...Schweddy Balls flavor.
NEver babe! I'm always saying hi and making sure you are having a great day! =D
fight me u pussy
Unforgettable February WWE Moments
ohmygosh stop lying :c
I couldn't agree more!
Was it me or was John Lucas bitchin cuz he ran into a brick wall? Hit the weights!
RT : There is no health without #mentalhealth How can a person be said to be healthy if they are undergoing mental anguish?
if u want more followers go follow she follow back :)
Well of course i do where would any of us be without fans seriously . . And thank you for supporting us :)
Kobe is bout to turn up!!!
I'll trade you two woods AND a wheat for that iPhone app!
I need to get on it, need dollars first
So much for not being nervous. Got it all going -- the shakes, the butterflies, the works. Whatever happens, will miss this until August.
maybe you died, because everyone asks me where you at
Thanks gurrrl! You rock. :)
i heard use were talking about me 6th period about how i am in english
HEY ! everyone hows your day been ......were writing some new songs
Had a stupid ugly dream.
I'm good hunny how about you?
It's a good class, Julie. Thanks for doing it! :)
He seriously snores with his eyes OPEN!
Buck was the man back in the day! Influenced so much of the SoCal country-rock back in the 60's.
Pretty dresses, punch and twirling around the dance floor ... it's almost time for the SEI Academy Winter Formal to start!
With the weather so hot and cold why not get a AC/heat window unit for. Great all year round. Naughton's has a great selection of sizes.
you can totally die in ME2!!
Which airports are you flying through?
And the #1 retweeter award goes to (:
Breaking News: Oprah finally got off of french fries
Time to make some money leis for all the grads :)
Time for class........presentations today. Only 4 people showed up so far lmao
Has voted.
aw good job Bailey!! So proud of you!
Help prevent child abuse and neglect. Join churches across the nation for Blue Sunday on April 29th.
sick what about you
Lakers AllDay Everyday. Let's go MAMBA.
I see you liked that tweet Its one of my fav, i found it not my own work. But inspiring.
It was Mel Gibson in the Patriot before he got all axe-y. Crazy what a misunderstood El Pollo Loco order can do to man.
Just count the memes re: how hard it is to be a mom vs how hard it is to be a dad. Count them on FB for a week.
"times r gettin hard,but just believe me girl someday I'll pay the bills w this guitar..we'll have it good..have the life we knew we would"
RT So thrilled TSFL success story, David Johnson, will be inducted into 's Joy Fit Club on the TODAY Show today!
PetLoop.com is trying to help find new homes for homeless animals that would otherwise go directly to a shelter...check us out!
let the lions have him!
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
I love it pan-seared then roasted. What freaked me out is the meat is still pinkish even though it might be fully cooked.
Everytime you interrupt someone your penis gets smaller.
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning my dad rushing me to get ready!!
YES! The God Father is on. "leave the gun, take the cannoli." lol.
MY MAMA GOT ME IN ALL KALAMAZOO CENTRAL & KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX HIGH SCHOOLS FOOTBALL & BASKETBALL GAMES FREE
EVERYONE who cums to our show Saturday @ Frank's gets $15 million!* (*Contingent on drunken, eclectic billionaire convention held nearby)
bye bf txt me
NP: Jessica Sanches' version of Turn The Beat Around!! :)
What percentage of total applications do you think we'll receive between 11 pm and 11:59 pm tomorrow? Reply with your guess.
u wouldnt even believe me if I told u
RT : Stay classy, Truman High School.
I remember when Jason Peters briefly played basketball at Arkansas. That's how athletic he is.
My name Jessyka and I m your big fan,i ve never begged anyone so,because they are very shy,you can follow me please.ITALIAN.
Wife is going out of town for a few days. My to-do list while she's going is tremendous. Why can't I do these things while she's here?
i tried adding you on facebook, but it says you have too many friends so it wont let me add you :(
Happy Monday! Clear your mind of negative thoughts...Live love
*FREE* *FREE* *FREE*Whoever can bring me a decent skateboard getz a free tattoo! Inbox/DM me for more detailz!!! *FREE* *FREE* *FREE*
Watching movies in the dark relaxing in bed by myself with no one to disturb me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
#ctia2012 123% in use of wireless mobile data.
Whenever I go shopping with my dad he gets me everything I ask for. My mom never does.
The video of Zayn, Anthony and Danny. LOL. What even.
When will you come shoot a video down here with us?
Correction, food blogger OR videographer for a PAID 20 minute shoot at downtown Pirmante Bros on Monday. Any ideas?
Singing at the people's church this morning with people who loved before i knew him!!
Does anyone else's work misspell iPad (IPad, I-Pad, or I*PAD) like mine does? Or am I the only one going through this hell on a daily basis?
Nothing says your back in Wisconsin like an ad for deep fried cheese curds.
Costco & made it their mission to fight heart disease in women by sponsoring our #GoRedForWomen Luncheon! Thank you!
is getting ready for Mid Week Blend! Tonight...7pm...Family Life Fellowship!
the Libertarian party adopted the name back in 1971 so too late to change now!
Trivia tonight at 8pm. Come out for some great specials and prizes. We'll have patio open for lunch too!
RT : But just in case you're underage and can't drink beer, you can always
"Belting...since 2011"
At Guitar Center with my son..What's that I smell?? OH WAIT! My credit card on fire, maybe??!!
Why can't I find sweet boys like my bro? He treats his girlfriend like the only girl in the world. Must be cuz he's a Brit...
Laybach Music...is coming.
Haha you made me laugh.<3 And of course i was playing creepiana a week ago!
This steak tastes OLD.
Hopefully they read my email!!!
Is it really your birthday today, or has lied to me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, trash is dumped, and so are you.
Mikeys tonight for live music; cheap drinks and free apps
As the rock says I can smell something cooking Friday for vs Temple. Also congrats to Harvard on their bid.
Fish where the big fish are.
EVERYONE IN THE CLEVELAND AREA GO TO SEE MY MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK' @ REGAL CINEMAS (RICHMOND HEIGHTS,WILLOUGHBY,OR ELYRIA) THANKS YOU DO IT NOW!
I fyour girl looks her best when shes with her frens its because your no longer worth the time and attention.
RT“: Breaking: Wilson Chandler has agreed to sign with Denver, agent tells me”
ur even on the commercial!!!!!!!!
I LOVE MORMONS SO MUCH.
"Stay curious, keep an open mind, try things out" Candy Chang
Don't hurt 'em granny
thanks ! Appreciate it
ActorStuff: Throw away intention, Throw away the words. Find the intention, Find the words.
Prediction: 4 or less of the Top 8 National Seeds will make it to Omaha this year
wow that's just terrible. Why would someone do that?
love you too derek! :) RT I love you guys
Tonight!!! on --phoenix emcee is a special guest with and in the mix-surprise guest at 2:30!
also endings like "if Chicago wants to get noticed" are just silly.
Off topic... but..... I love your purse!
“: don't be a hater brittney:)” I do what I want Hope!:) lol
If you think quality is important to teachers, tweet about us to your friends
I sympathize.
RT A smile is a curve that sets everything straight. ~Phyllis Diller
GURL DID U HEAR ABOUT VINNY AND LOUIS
NY-MIA. Man, being sick means watching basketball all day I guess lol
Opening day bitches!!!! GO PHILLIES!!!!
I wish u were here too. Could use the normalcy
"We stayed a long time. But I'm not afraid to die to see you at last."
wondering if you guys could help with our #onechance initiative which is helpng a school in Kenya with textbks and uniforms
Seated dead center on the Orchestra floor awaiting Itzhak Perlman's performance at So excited for this!!
Nice meeting you yesterday, ! Thanks for greeting those of us in the neighborhood.
So, I am a complete moron...never knew that people were sending me messages and responding on here...and that I had the ability to respond..
which one was midleton?
... I probably wont ever cast fems, probably all andro women.
Was literally trapped in an Arby's restroom for 10 mins. Not a fun experience
Shouldn't that be "polygynous"?: Gorillas live in polygyny groups
If I could find the guy who thought it was a good idea to give out neons and T-shirts, I would thank him with a punch to the face.
haha "headlands raiding" you and a band of bike raiders plundering marin before work huh?
can I get a RT or a follow from the best player in the NBA?
Grapple with tax software, or tighten the screws in my Ikea furniture?
8 weeks out, gonna get down to 145 lbs this week, this weight is slowly gonna come off
Happy Belated bday to 's twitter! What a bro!
Rest In Peace MCA... You will always be remembered and loved for your talents and good will.
Ok, I'm over this! Why do high fevers make some kids vomit? I'd almost rather be at work.
- LOL! Yeah...I always wince when I use the word hate. But, for sports, I think it's okay.
I would love to meet you all.
Live, Laugh, Love...
I wish I had instagram
Is it like don't text Vanessa day or something D;?
what are you doing Friday afternoon!? I'm coming home and I'd love to finally meet Ky and catch up with you :)
i miss u
Just Kall Me Biggie Biggie
Thank you, we appreciate you!
If your in the Downtown area, stop by our 4 Aces Grill and try our daily lunch specials! 1527 4th St.
What type of information would YOU like to see from the 36 Percent Project?
i want use "den a hoe" but I can't find anything worth tweeting.
wow, what an awesome day! I loved my first Christmas Eve with my wifey and cannot wait for Christmas Day now!
you are easy! :) RT : she's my favorite co-worker right now! haha
In San Diego. My body clock is confused and I need a nap. Glad there's no meeting today.
Thanks. Bummed he is leaving, but it's a business. Curious to see if Angels play at Busch in next few years.
You leave her 4 someone else,then someone else leaves YOU for somebody else!
"In the end, it’s not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away."
Sweet. Shoot me an email and I'll put em up tomorrow
T-Storms passing overhead, lightning flashing as we sit in awe at the display. Do U have enough faith to believe this happened by accident?
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you?
Oh yeah, dental appointment after work (oh how fun)
And IDGAF what u gotta say! That man can rap! Lol
Rushworth Kidder speaks about his new book "Good Kids, Tough Choices" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today at noon in the Rines.
The musical performance done in honor of the Beastie Boys was pretty bad ass!
they filmed us singing to her but it wasnt part of the episode. Just behind the scenes stuff I think
you still live in Avon?
"the glass is leaking"
Virginia's bats come alive in the 2nd, already 4 runs in as Knight is onto pitch for Schmeiser for Maryland.
I was supposed to be able to pee. I'm not over it. I'm not over this moment. My pieces---it seems like someone kicked me with cleats on.
omg Sara knows how to text already? :)
Good crowd for a wednesday night game against the cavs. I'm a bit surprised.
im on my way! save me one!
PARTY BUS NOW AVAILABLE! LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING FOR THIS FRIDAY NIGHT! CONTACT US NOW FOR DEEPLY DISCOUNTED RATE FOR BLUE MAGIC! 447-2446
Going to spend the evening with my GF
I think my head might explode if I got to have a pint with both of you at the same time.
so call me, maybe?
“: ": Man the #spurs so damn disciplined." Yo bro you spelled boring wrong” LMAO!
I was thinking candles but that probably proved to be a little dangerous.
Thanks for the follow, I agree Twitter is pretty special.
You need to get in my booth too. got a bunch of new shit in here
I finally made a wish to meet sterling hope they grant it :) but it will not be easy
honestly your a great friends, thanks for always being there for me. #AprilFools I hate you.
“ “ without God on my side , I wouldn't have made it through this year .””
Why would my score keep going down if my followers keep going up? What a rubbish system.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander - gps car dvd players
do you think supreme is a weird name
Who cares! Omg. Stupid Aliens.
it was deleted
Agreed. Although we have to invite next time! She's a Loring Park girl, too
"You either die a superhero or live to become the villain." I like that.
Thanks, Paul. I'm still sore, but feeling better than I did in the morning.
Dinner last night at Mini Bar after 9 months of trying to get a reservation! TOTALLY WORTH THE WAIT! THX
LOL u were crazy!!!! ;P
aahhh ilove your ustream!! Anyway your shirt said "free kisses" can I get a free kiss?!! *mauh*
Move The Floor Uproar is this Saturday! By the way, we saw Bridesmaids last night, definitely The Hangover for girls.
RT PINKYLILLY_ If you had big money you would have three cell phones
Switzerland is awesome....POOF!!!
Skype yes!! As soon as we get the Internet hooked up...we just moved into our new apt. Last night. YAY!!!
Quite probably! I'm glad the 2e-ness was recognized. One of my sts, extremely gifted & autistic, wasn't until HS
Dam drake fan much!
“: Those moments in your life that you play over and over in your mind.”
WHO IS IT?!?!?! This feels like my search for the elusive 1 house code (like "1 Elm St.") when I was younger.
plz b me
No time for lunch today yet. May as well wait for dinner now.
Who would be your candidate to take Andrew Toney's role?
and colleges have freshman, sophomore, junior, senior too.
Check out - a creative approach to promoting development in the "developed" world!
Did you know that #robo-calls will let the phone ring for an average of 12 times?
RT Herb Tillery recommends to to mandate all students complete a FAFSA
It's the last day of double points weekend!! Come in today to get twice the points on all your purchases!
lots of healing energy to you! :)
Aah! That's one of my favorite Sunny clips too!
Staying up to see Tim Riggins on Jay Leno! :)
another one of Shaw... It's comical how much he screws up
Cubs taking early $$$ vs Carpenter
we have a lot of holes would like to really sure up our OL. But a 3-4 NT can be acquired in later rounds
lol! I gotta feed the streets tho! U been actin real crazy ever since u found out Tupac Back
"Shout out to my haters, sorry that you couldn't phase me." "Haters are my motivators." Lmao shut up!
I am happy to be an alumni of Howard University!
Outreach to businesses about #water #conservation today. Distributing educational materials in Solana Beach
Loved DD on #DWTS even got the hubby to vote!
I got so many girls numbers & I don't even tell em anymore smh
": where you gone be at this weekend ?" In the H, yall playing?
Just turned the volume up for
we need somethin to look forward to in ADDITION to our sports teams cuz they still have it on lock
Gym done! Nice to be back after a few days off.
A certificate does not make you certified. Attitude, performance, commitment to self and team - these and a certificate make you certified.
So if I am unfollowing people, I'm not sure how it's happening?!? :s
where are your tweets?
Shooting "winter wonderland" with talented make up teal druda and insightful photog John hong
small world! Love it :)
Thanks, that means a lot to me!
just a figure of speech man.
I got these niggas flocking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I grew up in a house with an outhouse and seriously used it as a playhouse. Now Violet's baby doesn't seem so weird.
Thanks for the follow, you interest me. Keep it real.
The most destructive habit is worry.
Morning #LuckiCharmz ! Have a wonderful day at school! (: tweet me xoxo
Just wiped four hours of work... at least second time is always faster...
Let bravery be thy choice, but not bravado.
My last image with the Nikon D7000 « A Bigger Camera
what's up ? Are you okay? I just saw all your tweeds. You know you can talk to me if you need me.:c
Go Patriots!
I Screamed "no" that we did not clear that
I would like to meet u to(:
#truthis I try to be calm and hold everything together.. But everyone has their breaking point.. At some point enough has to be enough..
Geo-specific targeting copy compared to general creative often out-performs with CTR and ROAS.
Lol nigga found himself caught up.....
I think the point was that Instagram was worth a billion *to FB*. FB's mobile photo experience was terrible.
Joey's officially out of school and headed for Kindergarten next year! :)
Amen to that, my friend!
Yup. Third try and keep getting git errors. Time for plan B.
we do petting zoo programs too. Just lending out e-readers for ppl to play with has been great! Playing = learning.
I got the history of the wwe championship and the Monday night war. :-)
In the loft finna get the night started... Whats popin A town?
You ask if new image to text service "crear empleo?" I suppose it will, to aid visually impared people understand visual info
for lazer led Zeppelin. Gotta love that we have such an amazing community resource! And lazers...
HAHA! yes let's go get the I send dirty pictures to guys special (; Guys will dig it babe <3 lol love you too <33
I'm certified Tellington TTouch. Offering it in service to amazing Walter.
What's your favorite song on the album???
Been working since 3pm yesterday & don't get off till 11am this morning.
any time :) what was so embarrassing?
I once knew a guy who changed his name to NIKE RT : SMH RT : Nebraska man changes name to Tyrannosaurus Rex:
" 2011: Every day I'm shuffling. 1836: Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner.”
Hope you are feeling better
Is there some kind of StarWars battle going on against Gandolf in Middle-Earth?
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
You're welcome!!!
Ok, my #GameofThrones fangirling is done for the night. 'Til next week!
President Barack Obama is bowing to political pressure from leftwing environmental activists by rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline.
Back to school today :/
I hate reminding employees the importance of filling out self-appraisals...and hate filling out my own! I always procrastinate!
thanks mommy! :) Mrs. Jerrell liked our video!
In retrospect, boof had exactly the kind of career you'd expect of a guy named boof.
Who else thinks Jim Palmer is one of the best in the business with color commentary? Bmore....we are very fortunate! #JimPalmerClassAct!
Ok! "The idea that the president can guarantee #250gas is preposterous." You're welcome. RT Please RT #250gas today!
Its almost time, we run with the Devil! #Kovalchuk #Brodeur #Parise #NJDevils Put them fuckers away tonight!
oh snap...it's #cincodemayo Saturday and I'm legal.
a guest on NW Sports Tonight right now..cardiac arrest survivor...former husky
Thanks for the tweet and the link!
actual cartography?
It was alright, yours?
About to do these push ups I gotta shape back
I just learned what GNR means... Haha well I understand all gas but no brakes is just not safe
Danielle - what was your floor music? Mine was inspector gadget!
Why do you want to follow me?
Rt if you miss someone
Hearts shooting out of my eyeballs for
I have been trying to find/buy a statue of the virgin Mary, but the a-holes in these parts buy whatever ones we put out immediately. Ugh.
Funny. Maybe DeMaio was there after all, speechless.
If I'm I'm nervous with the effort Missouri is giving. Norfolk State's band has better effort. Final Four or Final Failure?
Appreciated, thank you!
i know but it's ma'am to you, SIR! :)
pray tell, which of my 197 rambling tweets do you speak?
RT : Today in 1866 Pres. Johnson vetoed Civil Rights Act & sent explanatory msg to Senate; Congress overrode veto in Apr.
Do you follow international developments? How much involved are you?
the book is a reprint from the 1960s, so there's probably a need.
Book 6: Complete. The final part of this tale now begins.
To hot for boots in Nashville!
-- I dig this Norm why can't you bring this more often.... I adore mi amore
Fabio does not defeat the old spice guy!
RT : Instead of saying U'll never visit NC, how abt fidng gay owned/optd biz in NC & be the best most frequent customr ever?
thanks for following if you come to #ATL come check us out 254 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga
me too, but for different reasons I'm sure
I am incredibly shy..
Can I delete your number now?
yes , should be
Oh no....not the belly...SMH. He need to get back in the gym. I luv me some Busta.
getting ready to do needlework
i'm not choosing between you and him..
First preseason games tonight. There was a time when these games looked to be in serious jeopardy. .
is at a 4th of July rooftop bbq. :)
OKC My Team.
it Aint even Gotta Be Like That !
Its really good!!! I just saw it today!
shhhhh! Nobody needs to know!
May better be bringing some damn flowers and sunshine! No more showers. #hopeful <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
The International Wizard of Club 2011 Convention has begun in Banner Elk, NC.
Greatest Easter ever with my amazing girlfriend and my great great family
Very interesting research from Jason Hong: context-aware scalable authentication - help you auth faster if we can reliably identify it's you
Just watched the grey and that movie fucked up my alaska fishing trip. Guess i will fish from the safety of a boat!
oh dang. My godmother and I have that in common. :-/
Same to you! xoxo
1 out of every 8 people on earth is on Facebook.
if you want me to score you free drinks tonight you gotta let me finish getting ready
you are so sweet! Thank you!
There really is nothing cooler than seeing throbs of fans waving towels in the air, but perhaps it is becoming a bit of a cliche'.
Bike commuting for 2 years has really changed my life, at least in terms of my work and exercise habits.
Student question about running Leo's privately. Hasn't looked into it except growing organic products. - Auxiliary Services
Rosalie: here's ur ice cream cone. Me: but its just a cone Ro: sorry I sorta ate the ice cream part. Me: ...........
Truthfully morally I don't think that's his position he is concerned about the rights of people not defining marriage
I literally have a mouth full o chocolate right now. I love that u r a spin instructor! I am certified & too lazy. ;)
GC Tip: If an event shift is long, bring a snack bar with you--they fit in your pocket and you'll save valuable time on breaks!
Not a HUGE fan, but I know everything about him bcuz last summer I was obsessed, I do love his music though best summer tun ...
How long will it take you to get there?
That was fun! Thanks again.
I love rock 'n roll, so put another dime in the jukebox box baby!
Excited for City Hearts "A Day of Enchantment" on Saturday, June 2, 2012!
Anyone with a Verizon iPhone able to get good service in the Georgia Dome? I swear AT&T sucks in any crowded areas.
Planning to vote early ? You have until noon today, Monday, May 7. Use Delaware Street for easy building access.
NBA & LA among top 5 global leaders in sports social media. FCBarcelona, RealMadrid & ManUtd are the rest.
To get free text messaging from #XfinityVoice, download the Xfinity Mobile app to your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Android device.
gosh i'm a nerd for the foursquare badges....nerd say what? (wwhat!:)
In tha studio with of Nappy Roots ... New Video COMING SOON for "LifeStyle" (Prod. By DJ Self Serve)
i don't think so can you?
The birthday messages my mom always leaves me >>
and gnashing of teeth
And George hill tells everybody to shut up haha
"Reading Habermas totally helped me understand Lyotard"
Tomorrow - mental health day at the #VMFA and fabric shopping in Richmond. My #workaholic vacation.
#thevoice Christina Millian doing her thing! What's her loser baby daddy name again oh yeah nobody!
Asian Invasion: CO brings Vietnamese to King
Thank you for staying with us! We hope to see you again soon.
#SubwayFan yupp he's in love with Subway he once ate Subway for a whole week...(:
Indeed.. How are you doing tonight
Music, music, music....I like big ballad rock songs by groups like Journey and Queen but Katy Perry is my guilty pleasure.
oh I didn't know you were the grammar police!!!! Haha
“: If his mom loves you more than she loves him #keephim”
Follow for future SimpleGeo API updates
I tried support too. But I want ppl to stop trying to make Brandy an actress. She is not.
With just over a week left in the Kickstarter project we need all hands on deck to pull this off.
hahaha I know nothing about coaching
If you want kindness, respect and love, you have to give it freely. Life is giving to live. Life is love, love is life. Love gives freely.
Nahh lol I'm too antsy and impatient n other stuff to stay in my bed for a week I disappear tho if I need my alone time tho
I hear u loud and clear!!!
Had my first #tsaprecheck. Reminds you how different things were 10 years ago.
YAY! Made a twitter
Ready to watch my black&gold destroy that useless team in red.
“: Fueling your body properly before a workout will increase your productivity"- As well as fueling within 30 min afterwards!
#smsportschat A2 The frenetic nature of social media means successful brands have to meet people where they are with what they want.
We love this!
Who is worse, Asma #Assad or Leila Ben Ali?
you're really really pretty nh.
all is well. What's new? How is Myles?
Watching "8 Mile"
I would sometimes read the horoscopes the day after. I was like, "well, that didn't happen yesterday." lol They're so lame! :-P
Yeah Adele, I remember when I set fire to the rain too. Wait..what?
you in?
i haven't seen you in a minute. how are you brad paisley??
lol...are u a cook?
haha ... Your not supposed to do that-_- ha
Have a great week
Always! RT : You ready for some ballpark food?!
“: get caught in the rain.”
Winter storm warning for Sunday in Sacramento and Sierras. Winds up to 50 mph. Secure your belongings and watch for potential tree hazards.
Indianapolis Police Dept. try to justify beating of 15 year old black teenager by demonstrating arrest techniques for those that resist +
Why not ? RT - The next person to RT this gets an autographed #TopChef t-shirt. :)
happy fathers day to my daddy whos in heaven r
The moon don't even look big tho
"Being negative and hurting someone's feelings is no way to win a competition."
awesome. She looks just like you.
Thanks for a truly inspirational master class.
I heard that Tuesday's White House launch will stream live. We'd love to tune in. Do you have a URL?
Great session for OVICN planned today with looking forward to learning more about identifying cognitive demand levels.
I still need you, baby that's the truth.
A very happy birthday and all the best wishes to new mama Erin Chambers Smith ! We miss ya !!
once got into it with cus he made a joke that i was going to xmen because mcavoy is cute
She's from Grand Rapids! We stole her, but are giving her back tonight and tonight only
Don't do it, James! Don't!
thank you sir for the trailer. as you know ive been asking you about it for a while. it looks fantastic.
Are you telling me I should expect another night surrounded by 4 trembling dogs?
RT : dipping onions on a stick in caramel instead of apples #bestprankever #YUCK Totally trying this. Good one!
u have changed alot wen u started to go out with selena u cut your hair and became less caring sine then fans started leaving
I can't seem to find myself. I missing my best side.
"when we buy or consume, it's like voting" Rafael, Northwestern university food service worker
We're launching into 2.5 weeks of _Ulysses_ just after the break in modern brit. lit. A fun book to teach… when they start to get it.
that's great!
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back up." ~ Vince Lombardi
I saw it 2day. Pretty funny! RT: TheGeishaGirl21: Hey has any one seen the hangover yet,,,,, am going tomorrow to see it,,,, i here i
what twitter app do you use for your phone???
#MikeBrown know he gonna get fired coaching the Lakers like tht and expect for them to win a game
How is that I didn't know Zizek was giving a lecture in Chicago? I've seen him speak but still would have been interesting nonetheless.
I don't wanna be here...
Church was awesome.. Homework is all done...Dinner was fantastic..Now, time to relax and listen to my iPod!!! THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY:).
The player who stays the lowest the longest, wins.
You misspelled "Ron Paul."
Who is going to see on their first tour!?
reality is over rated.
So Agree!! ...songs like "Someone Like You" + "Grenade" maybe send our youth the wrong message about stable relationships.
“: "k" is the shortest way to spell "Fuck you."” you are pretty bad at this.
Happy Friday the 13th Milwaukee! Are you superstitious? Tell us about it!
long as it's a weekend I have free. I'm sure you deserve it.
Thanks so much, Emma!! I'm so happy to hear you love it! :))) xx
We're big fans. As we said, there was just some tough competition in that flick. :)
#VSFashionShow! Hot n sexy!! Hot women angels!!!
Great conversation going on!
well i hate #chirstmas i never git anything so iv been #parting wit
Heart Gallery features children in foster care system - KVUE
Practice makes perfect.
It's a tweet sensation! Today!
one of the girls made it up its pretty good! Did any 8th graders from other middle schools tryout other than us and lincoln?
My dear sweet Thunderbird mail: FYI, the Board email messages are NOT junk. Also, your filters save my sanity. Love, swamped w/email.
you staying for long? Hit up Avilas and chicos tacos
November 21, 1934 -The Yankees purchase Joe DiMaggio from the San Francisco Seals of the Pacific Coast League. The cost was $50,000.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
Thanks for sharing IndianaBeerdotCom's link! :)
ive heard im picky but im not. im jus praying for my "him" and i dont wanna jus be another girl "hes" getting at.
Your my soft taco
One last time tomorrow
tell me about it. I'm about one cookie over my limit. LOL
yeah, that's the best part
Liverpool's independent Liam Fogarty posts a lively Mayoral manifesto: Former BBC editor poses a serious challen..
#lessonslearned Don't cook nude on V-Day..It may sound like a sexy thing to do but burnt ta-tas are NOT sexy....
Thanks for the RT
"I slept good last night." -____-
LSU...LSU...LSU...LSU....Go Tigers! Let's see defense join the party this week.
omg ava u need 2 get on more and guess whos home :)
Finally getting around to reading Father Greg's Tattoos on the Heart. Tremendous book on creating opportunity for people rebuilding lives.
Did I really talk to him today..? Or is he a poser...
Spanish speaking test tomorrow...
I'm doing well sweetie!! How are you?
That's a great addiction to have! Care to give the app a review in the app store?
WANT A TICKET TO INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY BANQUET?? go to the MSSC any time between now and Saturday to reserve your spot!
4. The eurozone is for pretty much everyone in Europe.
book cover. And if the next book I'm doing one for is assembled in time I might just have 2!
It's really upsetting that Aubrey Huff is the new Miguel Tejada
Some things that happen to bad people in fiction shouldn't happen to good people in real life.
congrats man, cant wait for u to ball & whoop some ass next season for the Bmore RAVENS!
Remember: Today is the last day to enter our Cold Frame contest. Click on the "sweepstakes" tab on the left. Good luck!
If I have 10 chocolate cakes & someone asks me for 1, how many chocolate cakes do I have left? That's right 10.
whoaa they did a cover? How did I not see this??
UT releases endorsements today. Clearly snubs Rik Hauptfeld in CD7! Politics as usual! Shame on UT 4 no mention!
Wow pick a key josh turner lite!
"My Birthday Cake" hahahaha
thanks for the retweet!
i made way too much food
So did the Patriots win that game or did Baltimore give it to them?? Hm
Somebody on the street stopped me to talk about Palestine, but I was running late...
go to bed!!! Lol
I miss you guys, please say hello to everyone from me ~hugs and love always~
Super stoked to host at the Magic Stick on 8/30! How's that for ?
My level of ticked off is between clubbing a seal and punching a baby.
For sure, dude. :(
Many times your story needs to be told to give glory to God & to help others-just be sure the timing is right!
(Gonna regret sayin this) we haven't had the big one yet.
in education? Just curious. That's what I do now. Love the FB page name.
LUCKeSHOPPER! You feel LUCKY?
That income tax was declared unconstitutional.
You are also are on the same album as - #Cincy Love for you!
ortega tacos.. wow...... dont even know what I can say about that
I wanna work out tomorrow but no one will come with me. Fml
It's sunny days like today with a slight breeze when you really get true enjoyment from a full mustache.
Also...listening to Vacationer. The lead singer does sound completely different recorded.
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
It's even better in person! Thanks for the reply.
vball tourny all day-- going to sleep
RT On deck: the Rev. Ben Campbell is set to discuss economic segregation in Richmond Public Schools at 7:08. WRVA 1140-AM.
Beyond. Rhythm section so tight you can beat match quantized music to it.
Thanks! Any multiplayer suggestions for 360?
oh ... lolz... i never talked to nobody on here from texas.. lolzz.. but thats whassup... im in ATL.
im new to the twitter world lol
when r we getting ijailbreak bracelets?
storms are a brewin
#ThatAmazingFeeling when youu get up really early , get everything ready and have time to go back to sleep :)
They sound great!
It was never your fault
Dear Bing, if I update the location of my library on your map, don't tell me it's too far from original location! Your map is way off!
Ready to go home & chill !
Getting Sarah squeaky tonight!
Words cannot describe..tonight was neat:)
Heard a chunk of the new unreleased album the other night. Sick!
TY!We welcome new followers!! RT : power tweets! Those not yet following you are missing out
(talking cows) 1: it's like a steakhouses worst nightmare! 2: alright were all gonna go to outback steakhouse, everyone in the kitchen!
Thx 4 the link to the LA Public's Teen site. Super creative web design!
yeah I had to get a pic with her...I never realized we are the same height
Strength: "Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an INDOMITABLE WILL." Mahatma Gandhi Happy Friday Everyone and ha…
Thanks for the RT!
even though its march madness in vegas, people are already talking @ fantasy football
almost half alive?
Thinking about a tattoo to get or come up with to cover up my scar on my leg
Need #NFL or #NHL tickets? Call (310) 801-1868 & mention Twitter.
Bracing for Demographic Winter: The &quot;Overpopulation Crisis&quot; - Center for Research on Globalization
turned out the hackscript affected an inessential bit, and Verian got the rest up and going.
NO FEELINGs... NO HURT.. NO PAIN!! STAT SINGLE
GREAT show last night executioners!!!!!! Day In Day Out on sale now!!!!!
Sex and the City
How could you forget 3 Andy Griffith Show changes... Andy- Madlock, Barney- Mr Furley and Opie- Richie Cunningham?
“: we're excited to try your brew!” Thanks for supporting, we hope you enjoy!
ill play with u another night, tonight was just a loner night
met you at pinkberry on sunday. youre a cool ass dude, sucks you get a bad rap. congrats on the baby and thanks for the pic
Lorissa and Diane behind the bar tonight. Cougar hunting? Lol
Im very glad I did!
Happy Mommy's Day weekend! So something nice for dear ol' Ma today. :)
It's so beautiful outside! I think I'll stay inside and tweet about it.
any way to many artist have short hair, ha ha
hello jesse how you been?
Baby, its cold outside.
hey pretty lady! LA has been interesting, but fun! Lol and I'm still working on the famous part :-) how are you?
Too bad I lost my job in 2008...
you should post the gifs you made online ok c:
Chris thanks for following us, we are following back!
hi :D
I don't want tomorrow to be Monday. WAH.
KEEN-wa. I just feel healthier having learned how to say it. haha. And yeah, I'm starved too but totally uninspired by my pantry.
YES SHE IS
Watching dance moms:miami , wish my mommy would have put me in dance as a little kid !
any chance they will let you use the value towards another carrier that will get you there on time?
uncalled-for for hahah my eye is almost swollen shut
You canceled my dog's flight TWICE. We moved without him! We miss him & are incurring costs for his care. HORRIBLE service!
on Skype, where are u? Lol
The clock that wakes you up in the morning, is sometimes the same one that keeps you awake all night
Today was so awkward in bio....we were learning the reproductive system. It was just all around awkward!
The 2nd tornado drill is at 6:55. Great time to practice your family emergency plan.
Happy new year! Sweet dreams. : )
Yeah buddy:)<33 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thanks! I will! You deserve one too!
So... How was the Talent Show Dylan? :D
I'm about to be there, possibly with
kimberly ! I haven't seen you since a lifetime ago. Mesh ):
i wonder if and actually read all the tweets they get..?
woah. What news?
says her judgement and priorities are different from the other candidates. She will accept no corporate PAC money.
Karen Handel Quote: “Just like a pro-abortion group to turn a cancer orgs decision into a political bomb to throw. Cry me a freaking river.”
#salty feeling when doesn't notice you.... did I say I was #salty?
forgive the lag time-- i went off the grid right after that awesome display-- hard not to get choked up at those call to arms
Interesting call in Game 7 with 2:26 remaining...
i just wanna see your dumbass and know that the only route in our future is forward. and destiny will take us there.
Putting my money on the designer; the editor is wavering and prefers the tight/loose line balance of paragraph.
it was clouded and the wind was blowing lol
im always grumpy..idk why though
IED's Motto "Simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication..." So for a well executed memoriable occasion, call today @ (617)682-0908
killa kurt wrote me n gt me feeling guilty n ashamed ... real nigga if u eva seen such (da mob)
And the second day of races are underway at the Texas Rowing Chanpionships!
Through music, a child's imagination can keep growing with the years. Give them a chance to keep their imagination with their love of music.
#smallfryarmy how was your day? Tweet me! Just got out of cheer practice, #Hyped for my cheer competition on Sunday (: xoxo
yes yes i was
fly up here, please
no its okay and ill tweet you when i get hom
Why do people add their twitter url as their website link on twitter? To top it off, that is the only information they provide.
did you close ? I bought the Boston Deal for Contrada's from you! They closed up shop! Are you both out of biz :(
The entrenched 1% will not go quietly into that good night without a fight. #NYPD will see to that. #OWS must
Thank you to all of our new followers! Feel free to follow all of us: , , , and :)
Thinking of a taking an anime/character voice workshop.
add a pic you big loser!
your welcome
Yo my face be looking HIT after practice! I'm so glad I get a ride home smh
We are playing in Villa Rica, Georgia at insomnia this Friday. We play at 7:30, come hang!
wow I wish I had a pool*
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
To create brand awareness for your business, you find your market and spread your word!
Experiment w nature and #StPatricksDay w "The Bushmills” Whiskey Barrel Sunglasses and
#FF #FollowFriday RT : As an avid Joss Whedon fan, I spent most of the Avengers waiting for it to be abruptly cancelled.
Smart (and classy) move, IMO. He told Roy he better get his kids out.
The #politics of remembrance and pneumatic reparations possibly at play in #OJ #Simpson trial.
Ready To Blow DOWN!
I want you so bad even the way you lean excites me
I wonder how my boyz are doing I miss them <U+E403>
looks great!
hey babe, can you hook it up with some movie tickets? :)
Got gifts from Ra & Trel to bus immediately...
well tell ha then!!
“: tests are supposed to challenge your knowledge of thesubject but they just make me want to drink rat poison instead" #mylife lol
love the pimp job the HRs man... Keep the "Get off me ball" swing hot!
Can we just stop this game at halftime? Nervous for the 2nd half.
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place in/around a REFRIGERATOR.
how are you today?
More Champions League drama and PUPPIES IN THE QUAD. Those Delta Sig guys are earning mega points today. What a good afternoon.
likewise looking forward to sharing the #insanity fun. And outstanding job the events today exceeded expectations
Now you're just somebody that I used to know. Hahaha how relevant.
What are you lurking at
went to a concert, and my dad did a stupid April fool joke on and my friends
This was all going fine until I got stranded at UMass Amherst...when I need to be in Boston at 7:45...gosh darn it.
Send him down, send them all down.
R u talkin about Mikes shooting story??
Working hard to get Twitter to work on our blog. Fighting me though. Grrr.
": My name is Peyton, not Payton." Ha just noticed this! Cut that meat Peyton..
what ?! Can I tweet what's on my mind love lol
Headed to Jersey tonight! Who's gonna catch us on tour?!
Did u hear McDonald killed Burger King in front of Popeyes over that red head wendy? The funeral is at K.F.C u going? I'm taking the subway
this literally made my night.I want to #losecontrol.If you ever come to florida let me know I will pay for a meet and greet
Actually saved a recipe for them earlier today so need to grow some to make some. Hear they are great!
Just saw iron man. Scarlet is HOT. Micky is Just creepy, and Robert Jr was pretty funny. All in all a decent sequel.
I've have 10 energy drinks so I can't wait to see ;D <3
thank you sir!
Beautiful SPRING DAY today & nothing compliments a BEAUTIFUL day like some DELISH CURRY!!!
. Did someone say something about dead people? Campbell? Cosgrove? Are you trying to trick me?
I feel so naive. hee hee.
I'm looking so forward to Out of the Frame: Conserving El Greco’s “Trinitarian Friar” this Thursday. Can't wait!! :)
closing in on completing album design!
Happy Friday, all!
What goes in your coverletter? Whatever would be music to the ears on the other side . . .
RT : Dream. Vision. Imagine. Create. Expand. Laugh. Defy. Align. Leap. Release. Breathe. Open. Surrender. Love. Find your bliss.
Carbo loaded and ready for
Garnett is getting whatever he wants against the Heat.
Friday Night Lights, Entourage, The Shield...My 3 favorite TV series of all time...combining all my passions!
Worked out now ready to eat. So ill tell you guys where you can get a butt load of videos teaching you to make money
Ready for session "in search of what makes an ideal web font"
and *donate* MT : If you're discouraged by the recent Vatican crackdown on American nuns, engage
M, matzah crack. We call them Carolyn Crackers, after their creator, in our family. But now I'm excited for Passover!
bro I feel the fuck out this shit man. Got a nigga over gone rt. FWM We gone make it
Love those O. Henry Prize collections! and you're in it , right?
Just saw the new #Chrysler 300 commercial that takes it out to the streets of metro Detroit. They know how to capture it and they do it well
I miss goodtimes
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
Thank YOU!!
Phew busy day today - helping small biz owners #savemoney - PM for a FREE consultation on how I can help YOU!!
Volkswagen Beetle Envy Spurs Pursuit of 10 Million Via Up: Cars - BusinessWeek
Heart like a lion, mind like an ape
Liquor steals your mind
You're welcome. RT : the subbing for the is working nicely in a pinch.
nothing really just editing some stuff and listing 2 PAC
Two sold out shows in MKE tonight and ... congrats! MKE loves live music!!
I can't make any of the May shows, but I started following them so I can find out about future shows
Ok massive win. s2e01 of the killing was free on iTunes.
love the hash tag ;) so r u gonna use what I wrote? Its ok if it sux :(
u heard it
holy shit! Why?
Golden Waffle Fries and Chili here at Hawthorne #Burgerville!
Cover your virgin ears.
what u gonna do
“: how come you got a new account? :(” tiers of the old one .
Many people in this town, and I still feel lonely :'3
thanks for coming! that's great to hear :)
With polls showing Kadima losing big in an election, most members probably OK with any arrangement that just preserves their seats.
How do I have energy to get a tattoo right now?
what does lmy mean! Ha! I'll be back soon
Gaffield: engaged scholarship / scholarly engagement to make a better world
Huge difference in crowd's response to Sleigh Bells songs from Treats vs Reign of Terror. Former: woo. Latter: meh. Their loss!
pretty good I can't complain, wbu? College life get any better?
Oh yeah tomorrow is Friday!!
Fans of Christ sit on the sidelines . Want what he has but dont wanna live the lifestyle . Only call on him when you feel its right to
I think we're in good shape.
I think i could literally fall asleep standing in this line at the post office.
I'm supposed to be getting drunk tonight. fuckkkk now i really want sex.
It is me in a cheap Ironman mask when I was shopping with my nephew at Toys R' Us #notscary!
Hi i love your website ;0) great job!
A woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; her sexual desire, four times; her intelligence, eight times.
That you shouldn't prevent people from doing something when you don't hold up to that ideal? Yeah, it's pretty tough.
28 days, Wisconsin.
2 more days in counting till I get it in......
nice, bro your mom makes the bombest curry chicken!
Disenchantment, whether it is a minor disappointment or a major shock, is the signal that things are moving into transition in our lives.
Don't be afraid to ask questions it helps you gain knowledge and makes you stop wondering.
#swagg RT : This nigga said I don't sell weed I smoke it I sell crack o.O ughh please give boosie the death penalty
Good things to come. New Novel that will benefit the Environment and my animal activist brothers and sisters. FOLLOW ME. XXOO
5k tonight, send me good and speedy vibes tweeps!
I could also just as easy whip up a porn site. Never understood what held me back from that. Totally capable. Could even be really good.
RT : Got it! Thanks for the delivery today! You Guys Rock! << No. Thank you! Great job w/ the #SocialMedia!
My team just told me that old guys shouldnt tweet so much. I'm not that old.
How ya' like them apples? Always thought your boy was wicked smaht. Congratulations Andrew! Very well deserved.
I hate summer colds!
Obviously I'm assuming the person was wearing the pants before leaving them. Otherwise, that's just boring.
Wat I'm felling >>>
Paris Hilton is sexy? would we get a Matrix vision of our best self?
Somebody play draw something with me..
Talking to Jared about how bad my septum piercing is going to hurt...yippee! xD
thank you guys for following, Ill have some cool stuff for you both in the future!
Haha that's always fun! Hoorah for Spring Break :)
The quiet, early mornings with God... Priceless
Check out the Bliffert t-shirt design contest on our Facebook page.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! :D
Forgive & forget.
Not to oversimplify, but if they win next Wed night vs. the hated Jazz, they make it. Might have to put my 5-0 record on the line.
You are most welcome! If you are new to playing jazz, I would also recommend LOTS of listening. Who do you listen to now?
Amazing experience. Let us know what you think. RT : Going to tomorrow for their Follow the North Star program.
Faith fell short this time, smile fades in the summer. Place your hand in mine, I'll leave when I wanna.
I'm mom always!. Nothing special james wanted some hamburger helper. Green beans. New potatoes. Easy quick meal today.
Re: photos, yes, they are promotional photos, once released, I am sure they will make the rounds. Thanks for the interest.
With all due respect, your twitter icon is demonizing cacti.
I do not know you
After I take pre-cal, I'm definitley learning how to read in C++.
Hell, Maryland.
I don't like May because all my favorite shows end then. This time it's House's turn.
filling out the fafsa is way worse than it should be. UGH
in the works! Any specific spot??
RT : Happiness is just a hair flip away...
I want justin bieber to follow me =(
U left it on the floor tonight! Went hard! says they gonna check in. Connect Up! Y'all R the future. 1Luv Yung Folk!
Bro I got three days Left ) :
sometimes I want to give up, but my friends make me strong, I want to show my enemies that they never see me fall
I'm very dissatisfied about getting kicked out of Eastern Michigan University twice since Fall of 2001 (January 2002 & August 2004).
": My heart has been played, stabbed, cheated, burned, and broken... but somehow it shill works. I'm proud of my heart. <U+2665>"
Finally... Like the drunk dude that was on who knows what said last night SAN DIEGO!!!!! ALAHLAHLAHLAHLAH!!! Classic lol
oh the desk piles await! I know that feeling . . .
Without struggle there is no progress
Seeing old couples makes you realize that someone can love you forever....
Mexico..woo -__-
you definitely should apply!
Looking forward to capturing some great photos and editing them to bring out tones.
That video was insanely awesome.Just purchased the album! You are giving me hope that there is still good music out there
like what u said bout leo's
Madison is pretty nice right now. :)
Bulls win!!!
How are you celebrating the holidays?
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Boyfriend is AMAZING Leonard Cohen
' I shouldn't ever be in same state as A. Huber Selig (aka aka 'BS'/'Bud'). I've got ZERO plausible deniability otherwise...
It 72 degrees in Feb and someone just said to me "it's gross outside. It's not winter" are you KIDDING?!
thank you!
Indeed: no mention of that appearance. Willie Joe would've never broken Marcia's nose. He would've taken a little off the ball.
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view. A cop who is really stern could say that it is
"We must unlearn the constellations to see the stars." ~ Jack Gilbert
I'm just happy he hit SOMETHING.
Thanks Rick, enjoyed it. It was packed to capacity. Learned a lot!
hope you are having killer long weekend,keeping the music and hotness alive :)
CST Interpretation Manual summarizes style characteristics and applies CST to strengthening people performance
At #sdcc and already met a couple of classy PR ladies. Gave them a ride. This will be fun.
If I were a reporter I would stand in the wind and rain and tell people what's going on
Wish you were here
who is you ?
Is standing next to an oval office in progress. I love my job.
time to work. sessions about to start in the #platinumsuite at ,
That certainly did suck.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great week.
<---Dislikes being trapped in makeshift booby traps
Please tell me being an atheist in Hollywood isn't THAT big of deal.
Tonight - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music @ Lotus Nightclub!
When you envy others, you deny your own uniqueness.- Rick Warren
I remember when Selena was ugly. HAHAHAH me neither.
webcam on www.aaron.tv
12:03 freaking out please pick me
your welcome!<3 & Follow back?(:
Pëpper Social Lounge tonight :-)
from way youve told bout raising AwesomeDaughter,thought youd been practically perfect...but c`mon,she shoulda seen Raw by now
all i want to see is posh and becks and then I'm done. you with me?
I don't really care what people have to say about me
I've always wanted to build an igloo / fort out of snow ..
I've been getting a lot of pressure to marry lately. Why is it so important to everyone but me?
photos of tiny tots in protest signs GIVES credibility to Nate story about selling candy at 2 You don't get it both ways--
we're working as hard as we can to make that happen! i just added ya on facebook too :)
In music the passions enjoy themselves.
Do you plan on dropping a mix tape anytime soon?
That's More Like It by Selena Gomez should be an anthem for every girl.
It's got to be something real common in the 50's
Today was really weird and awkward lol
ahahaha you already know<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Got homework this weekend - 103+ pages of database use cases to consider. Good thing I'm taking the train.
to stay home/run errands or to see 'The Soloist.' Decisions decisiones...
What a fuckin game. Rangers gutting it out. Oh hey fuck you obitchken you half a fag.
big sean dont talk about ass all the time , lbs
HES MY BABY BABY BABY OH
Facebook password protection assembly bill passes committee 10-0. Senate bill version passed 7-0 committee last week. covering
Give your service reps the authority to waive a fee or other on-the-spot solutions to retain a customer.
20011 will be a better year for subcontractors who use basic internet marketing as a tool to generate leads that turn into projects!
I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I turned the game off in the 9th. I have never done that before, wow. Shame on me, never again!
One word for the #SMASH season finale: amazing
no. that got changed to tuesday.
That sounds great! I'm out of town this wknd, but can I send my boss? DM me and we can email.
Bergson, "Time and Free Will: An essay on the immediate data of finding out that it's already like 3am"
go to hell.
glad to see you're alive...lol
Let me know when it's fully operational...
Viewing #BlendKit live stream from #slnsolsummit: resources targeted for those moving from f2f to #blended, no 1 size fits all
yes, I use blackberry. Soon changing to iphone :-)
Hooray for new twitter, boo for it being the only thing I've done since it's snowed.
I've bin voting like crazy today n still no follow back <U+E403>
:-) oh no thank *you* for the It Gets Better thing and like all the other things, seriously.
Why is it when telemarketers call and you tell them you don't have time, they get nasty with you? Why is everyone so angry?
Don't know why isn't owned by more ESPN fantasy teams. Tears it up for me every time he starts! Plus he's a former Mission.:)
They don't think it be like it is, but it do. ~~Oscar Gamble, NY Yankees 1975
Lmfao my mom was tryna creep up and scare me and I was turned around and she was on her tippy toes and everything lolol
why they be on that. I swear Cheryl, my momma, be hitting me. I b like wtf lady
Twitter should not be available to high schoolers. Some of these short, ignorant, misspelled sentences I come across... Goodness gracious.
no i dont want to grow up and i am #teamvinny and
ha! thanks for listening!
I think I am addicted to the song #Memories by David Guetta
James Earl Jones, John Larroquette, Candice Bergen, Eric McCormack and the entire cast of Gore Vidal's The Best Man on Broadway. Go see it!
I can study only so much harder! Lol working, working as well!
Happy birthday and mother's day to my wonderful mother
Lots of amendments from people who have no intention of voting for this bill. Wonderful use of time.
• Damn. To be noticed for any reason at 12 years old. Do we really have to COMPLETELY LOSE OUR MINDS though?
Please follow me! It would make me so HAPPY! <3
congrats to you! Lol no worries, I'll make sure my future hubby wear socks constantly
I was not at all nervous the day I got married. I had no 2nd thoughts, no Bridezilla meltdown, no last minute panic in a parking lot. S.G.
| Thks 4 the follow! Excited to connect!
i hope u had fun today
I think if you shart, whilst on the toilet, it can then be referred to as a legit poop.
Damn it Jim >get into the know & get that new new mix cd.its a party in the damn changer! Past to present rockin
Lalala might go watch the hunger games tonight.
I will see you tonight for gaysian romance. Bring a party. Sneak in booze.
Book club next meeting this Thursday, Nov 18, 6 pm. We are reading "Them" by Joyce Carol Oates. Elizabeth Evans will lead this discussion.
Of course you have to face the cultural insensitivity of the term, but what can you call smiling emoji poop, other than 'inscrutable'?
Idk kno where I'm at..I'm outta there
the #profit comes AFTER you
Not much, you guys? :-) RT : Whatsup?
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
they're heeerrrreeeeee. Why aren't you?
Another Beautiful Day Hope yours was a rewarding adventure!
Wash your face with Green Tea as it contains natural ingredients that calm your skin and reduce redness.
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, March 6
Congratulations Ian! RT : ": Congrats to on his #GoldenQuills awards with John Shumway!" Thanks Bobby!
"Stop, I have weak ankles!" - Rob Kardashian
More than 44.5 million Americans on food stamps---nearly 61 percent more than four years ago! How's that for hope and change!
talk to she'll try really hard to make anyone smile even when shes not
I'm not sure about internet in the studio - but I sure hope so!
Love seeing on Scouted!!
Lithium atoms adhered to a graphene lattice that will produce electricity when bent, squeezed or twisted By depositing atoms on one side
To damn Early for this unneeded Drama. Bitch do something with your pathetic life please -.-
A alum! RT : Chemistry prof & medalist Sally Chapman has been mentor to countless Barnard students
I love
who wants to ship to my house on May 12th ? DM me.
Sippin this jack3d before my work out
Wait why does it look like many people left the new Houston Stadium at halftime? #LSP >>
Visit Laurelwood Public House and Brewery on Friday and help children. 15% of the days sales go to the Bald Faced Truth Foundation! RT me
Can't function when i'm not talking to you
Interesting. Are you willing the Bucks to play live like your simulation?
...to be (reasonably) maintaining value of game, not ensuring that players can play with cards (which may be a distant second)
welcome back!!
followed by a tithe offering for the pastor for his service. Ha.
You're welcome! And yes!!! #orangeandblack :]
I don't have enough time to bring my bag to the car and get to the bus before 3:30 now...
I have a buddy from camp who jumps with the 101st airborn.
On a conf call learning something new at work. Very complicated. I already had a headache. Now I'm getting a headache on top of my headache
go to www.yourmotivated.com and my myspace account , many things going on guys
you shoulda seen the can on this tykes mom!
Thank you new followers ! ,,,,,,
The largest coyote I have ever seen just ran out in front of my car. Wolf? Werewolf? Ned Flanders?
hey will u get me 2 more followers im almost at 100
c...be able to cut out the crowds' oohs and ahhs while still hearing club on ball, wind and birds
WFAA lied to me. It said younger than 17.):
Great fan base, Camden Yards, MASN, great tradition. A new owner will fix it some day!
I love you! Too bad you will NEVER see this. :(
I've run out of snark. Congrats on the smoove design.
I hope you guys know that I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for you:)
Don't Want To Move.
Blasphemy RT If Sideburns ends up with Best Friend, I think I can live with that.
im so serious !
Headed to the #SOSMadison rally.
I'm watching The Warren Haynes Band with special guest Dr. John at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
I'm sorry :( I'm going to the dodgers game tonight so I figured I'd see if you were still going
STOP only trending about harry that still make him feel like he did bad.
Ima just gonna sit here and play #mw3 like the boss I am :)
it's only 9 here, so I haven't been outside yet. It looks like t-shirt weather!
the mother server is awake. www.aaron.tv
Join us in wishing our front man Drew a Happy Birthday! And if you see him out on the town buy him a birthday drink!
RT: 49ers signed undrafted Stanford free agent WR Chris Owusu, who was off some teams' boards due to concerns with concussions.
come hug me .
make fun of me all you want! Ahahahahah
I miss people tweeting me all the time . these days , it seems like I'm alone . Awesome ... D:
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
but your fight the system Sam
ESPN needs to give Junior Seau's family privacy and stop filming them as they grieve outside of his home
Well I knew who is going to win this game... #GoCeltics!!!!!!!!!
dinner was delicious :)
Had fun last night #prom :)
At Sunset Station in Henderson, NV on Wed, a guy in the race book won the $238,000 Rainbow PK6 at Gulfstream Park. His ticket cost $72.
“: Thanks sweetie:)” your very welcome....
Getting ready for the weekend!! Wisconsin State Fair, Here we come!!!
This is still a scary prank!
Francesco Schettino, Captain of the recently Capsized Carnival cruise ship Costa Concordia, is ASININE, ASI-TEN, AS-ELEVEN, ASI-TWELVE!
I was watching Frasier reruns. I could probably learn more about current events by watching Frasier than cable news...
really glad you came out! we were quite happy at the end of the evening with how it all went.
Thank you, friend. Not the first time that's been said to me.
Thank you for all the great info on your webinar: build a better business listing. Very helpful!
old Dr. King lead national marches; our youth today can do the same; WE must give them the opportunity.
Just received best present ever from a student: a jar of authentic moonshine. Thanks, !
Happy birthday !
that is eerie especially because I do that almost every night.
It looked like Rick Perry was lending a hand @ 9 seconds in..cool video none the less.
Yes, it's long underwear kinda weather up here:) we look forward to having you !
Let that shit BURN!!
Jessie J is one of the greatest & best artist.
Plantation Key ColonyTonight ! on S. Coconut Palm Drive 3shows throughout the night. Starting @ 7 pm I11);-), Happy Halloween
What's a Twert? (And does this count?) :)
at home chillin how about u sweetheart?
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
actually I'm on a 10 day stretch! Thanks I need it:)
saw on your blog that you are taking suggestions on what to do with the 2000 championship banner maybe TU Archives? :)
": Who wants to go out tonight? I need a night out" whatcha feel like doing:-)
Treat to see clients we manufacture CDs for perform last night at One World Theater in Austin, The Little River Band.
Peeps - two more days to get Carrie's Cinnamon Swirl Cakes...get em while they are hot!
More Than the Score lecture- Virginia Wine: Past, Present & Future with Chad Zakaib, Jefferson Vineyards; wine tasting included, Nov. 13th!
Interesting question Do you agree? English: useful business language, should be encouraged rather than mandatory
People need to stop spreading rumors about ! She's NOT pregnant!
she is your alpha your delta ...your soror line sister .. you wish she lived closer.. she's your front and you miss her
Issue number NINETY-FREAKIN-SIX of drops today and it's a good one!
Totally busted my toes up in Aikido yesterday (about time, rly). I go to the foot doctor on Wed but until then it's a lot of hobbling about.
good I dont want anyone fighting.
“: Did they say Aaron was getting a massage from jennings? ...” the bucs coach was lol
Something in the residence just got thrown across the room.
Shaking the hand of might've been the greatest moment of this trip to the food court.
Haha totally man - me, after failing to understand someone for a third time
working in New York City this week. Finalizing details for 2010 Clothing Swap America Tour
Summer in Baltimore is winding down. Autumn is on the way. Winter is around the corner. and Spring?
Happy Cinco de Mayo twitter fans!
Just got a robocall about the republican primary. On my cellphone. I'm certainly not a registered republican. Wild.
I FINALLY have a boyfriend who can and will wear a bow tie. And he pulls it off perfectly.
"Lost and insecure, You found Me, You found Me.."
Waking the dog at 2:30 AM by putting sale flyers & menus under my door is the best way to get me to not buy your house, food, services.
I'm gonna try that!
I would buy it
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 to be entered to win a FREE PIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
I can't stand when people do that...
that's what I've been telling single women on twitter. Just smile and never talk ever to get a boyfriend
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.
"Night Shift" an often overlooked classic in the guy-saves-girl-from-prostitution film genre
Brett Favre #1 football diva.....lmao
Welcome big man. U were a terror in #B1G, so glad ur a terror in green & gold now RT : PACKER NATION!! No better place to be!!
Life is just grand when we submit to its process. Today, life is beautiful!
Such good Asian bloggy conversation at breakfast with Maybe we need an Asian women blogger conference?
So apperently if girls are taking birth control pills, if you were to completely stop taking the pills you can lose weight faster :o
All computer-assisted reporting, no matter how advanced you get, is based on the concept of columns and rows.
Thanks Cindy, love to see what you're doing!
One more contest for today - RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT ! Always a party when he's here :)
Thanks to for a great presentation last night, to for sponsoring, and to for hosting last night's meeting!
Remove uninteresting guideposts.
Dear #whitesox, please pleasantly surprise me this summer. My hockey season has ended too soon :(
#FF It's no coincidence we all seem to know each other over the Internet.
Hi hun! I'm good. How about you?
just be cool who cares
If the 2Pac hologram (or any deceased artist) actually did go on your and came to Rochester.. would you buy tickets?
I hope you had a good trip home and get good news soon. Thanks for the tip on taking the train to the airport! Great seeing you!
I have a dick?
My Makeup artist AKA
Just booked a Documentery I have the number 1 movie on Amazon I Think My Face Book Friend Is Dead and it's only Feb. God is Good
Aw dang, look what you did. Haha just kidding.
I luv you guys to
Breaking News: named Global Spokesperson for Olympic 2012
Yeah, in speaking of that, I wound up working all night last night.
Tonight was my first time performing songs, that I wrote, for an audience and I got to do it in a place on Ventura Boulevard. God is good!
Follow Awesome music and great deejays. And
Sam Presti has done an amazing job putting OKC together.
Congratulations to all of the #UTDallas graduates today! We're proud of you.
Praying, praying, praying, praying...
Help please! How do you set the length of time for each slide in Google presentations? Can you?
Hit it outta the park, Chris
This could have been a good night, but you lied. "I am disappointed in you, you are better than that." Harsh?
My cat is dead: (((. He was hit by a car.
I love my job! :) Jobs, actually haha Hm, maybe you're actually stalking me?
Looking forward to It's cool to play Tetris on your phone during the movie right?
good I am just listeing to chris rene have u heard of him
Let me know how the show is.
Don't talk shit if your not gonna back it up
#imagine Austin: I'm sorry but I don't want you to be my girlfriend. You: Austin?! Austin: I want you to be my wife. <U+2665>
Break for food, awh.
In the ER- Brett just broke his ankle pretty bad. Please send good thoughts and prayers - he really needs it : (
RT : Even though Newt Gingrich is out of the race, I think it's important to remember what a hateful asshole he is.
Its hard when someone special ignores you, but its even harder to pretend that you don't mind.
Owners! Each day you are bogged down in the day to day-you lose creative opportunities to change the course of your company.
: We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
that game is postponed due to a blizzard. Eagles are pretty good though.
Either March 7th or May 7th... I get mixed up Dx
new business ideas
#yousayyougotswag but you have on a du rag and and holes in your socks.
Peets. In curry village!
Three days after getting a car wash, I need another one. Fuck you angry birds.
Who wants to come over for a slumber party?! We can play "who just got shot"!
When you walk into work, and the guy pushing the body to the morgue asks how you are, there is only one proper answer. "Could be worse."
Well i hope the boys of would follow me!!!!!
Don't you hate how everything is up for discussion
Don't u just love it when u have a coding dilemma for mos. only to discover the only thing that needed 2 be done is to do a search?
I wish I had a bullet big enough to fucking kill the sun.
With :) she makes me smile
Hey #nptech peeps: is releasing new survey research on #Haiti mobile donors tomorrow. It’s awesome and we can’t wait to share!
Just saw Jumping the Broom; what a great movie! Tyler Perry needs to take notes!!!
Had a great day today in San Jose leading a workshop for 170 dedicated migrant & special ed professionals. Kudos to all of them for grt work
Ever spend an hour just talking about porn? I have. Be jealous of my intellect.
have u tried charice?
By setting up your Craftlaunch site! (re: your DM) ;-)
How did Silverlight come into it?
Ahem RT See you at Metro Center tomorrow!
What do you love most about your mom?
Very little is needed to have a happy life!
OMG, OMG! I'm starting to believe my own publicity. Wait-it's over now. THANKS guys-you're awesome!
We just created a new photo
well you got my vote
You and me both!
i wanted to see Ed so bad, and the tickets weren’t even expensive :(
that's what I like to hear.
Gunfire is the cause for the most deaths of officers in line of duty.
this girl getting roasted up lmao...
just reading this is giving me anxiety lol
Happy B-Day Adele I hope you enjoy it!
We couldn't ask for a better representative. Congratulations !
Wow...I think Upshaw is a way better pass rusher than Hightower. Huge pick for #ravens. Suggs FINALLY has help
I just saw a smart car trying to parallel into a four foot space. People are always trying to push it aren't they?
SHit just keeps happening building a dream team over here, we shutting shit down!!!!!!!
"Seize the Day" "White Flag" = awesome traveling music
Welcome to Twitter. I'd say welcome back but you did 1 tweet in 09 so I don't know if that counts.
hot girl on girl make out session, heck yes (: #theblackswan for the win
Sure! I know how hard it is to track people down (with getting into fullblown stalker mode).
Shaana Way's scores for #Rising and #Knock are done. Thom Hickey and Everett Glovier's #Rising score will be mixed tonight! -JO
Old people clothes
Worst end of the day ever!!!!
Watching 4th grade volleyball!
My mom : who is this lil wing you listen too? LMFAO!
#100RT : I'm just out here trying to have fun and laugh because it's the best feeling...HAPPINESS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Listening to Armonie cd its nice
Silver eh? Call me when they're blue. Oh! Bells!
Glad your prayer was answered! We're building this prayer app to share the power of prayer: www.birdofprayer.org
Hi! Can you please help me to get Justin Bieber to follow me it would be A dream come true, Thanks!!
Setting in class with developer @ #jdmw. He is crushing it! I had no idea it had these new features!!!
"What do you mean 'If I can?' Jesus asked. Anything is possible if a person believes."- Mark 9:23
I have a hot date at ikea tonight!
I wish I could date you! You're so cool! Seriously.
Criminal Minds marathon>>>
Imagine if it was Layla instead lol
A little late, but what'd ya think?? Thanks for coming out! :)
I would go shopping today... But the malls close early like we live in Amish country, so that ruins EVERYTHING.
Night Dolls. May your dreams become your reality :)
That poem Moses did in Orlando was everything & more >>>
There honestly just needs to be about 10 more hours in each day
Fill in the blank, “The one thing that makes someone a great #pr professional is____________.”
Haha! I think the chef keeps making gazpacho just to mess with
We are proud to be apart of today's Images and Perceptions of American Americans workshop in Dearborn today
Hi! Just getting back on twitter. Been running like crazy! Finishing my album. Teaching a ton. Traveling between two cities is no joke!
Thanks! After I get some wedding design stuff done, I'll be all over that!
Good morning!:D
You better believe I did. I gotta remind him who his true boo is.
I agreed to For Better Or Worse, not to miniatures being played in my basement.
“: Setting up for the best damn session at all of DrupalCamp. Room 211h! #dcnyc10” Awesome panelists!
thanks for following & for the important work that you do. All members of the community should be represented fairly!
I think he winked at me.
Today is when Unicorns should make their debut and on March 14th dragons will come to life.
Putting together grocery list for the beautiful chicken and green veggie recipes in this months ! Getting' my bake on!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #7: “Pride - Pride is committed by a speaker who believes that public speaking is about them.”
thanks to a wonderful parent for that!
I love the quote "I'm on a drug. It's called Charlie Sheen" by none other than
you free for lunch?
I think so.
K I'll see if I can steal a car
Oops, wrong account
this is a perfectly logical method of choosing, I think.
RT : Join as he hosts a viewing of with the filmmakers Friday at 7p at
Me as well as the entire
Got one of those myself. I'm pretty sure I could dip my finger in hot water and produce a fine cup of coffee.
And there it goes
Stop listening to instruction, my son, and you will stray from the words of knowledge. Proverbs 19:27
lmao delete that
working hard but hardly working cause i LOVE my job! thank you to all our dancers and their parents for all their continuing support!
The weather has been pretty nice this weekend! Did you do anything outside?
is this the best time to put a dollar sign in parenthesis when talking about a recruit?
vodka, ginger beer, lime juice, moss garnish?
what didja get??
lol u fool she must still got u on dem weekends
Carl Lee Hailey says SET FREE 10% of the HUMANS Locked-Up Doing TIME for a CRIME. Help Turn 10% of the Humans Loose. Campaign
What do you mean "if" he wins? He won. 2 beat Obama, its going to take more than just holding your nose and voting for him
“: stfu dumb ass cunt, no one asked for your opinion nasty bitch.” yu have room to talk about someone beingnasty
Need to come up with an entry for the iSight film festival. Any ideas?
also sucks when you can't sleep and think there must be at least one muscle or body function that doesn't hurt but cant find it
I like it when the lead singer of three days grace goes high pitched c:
don't act like you aren't going to favorite the tweet as well..
Great title. I'm imagining an awesome cover.
New Twitter:D
OK, I ate the apple b4 breakfast, then had a breakfast burrito! At 35 weeks pregnant...my personal research may have to wait a few weeks:-(
": Hoosiers lose 79-71. Now they prep for the NCAAs." Bummer! But at least we'll be in the NCAA tourney this year.
I feel cheated. I went to Panera and didn't get any free cookie sample.
Happy Sunday everyone! Please join us at the West End Farmers Market today bring family & friends! More information here...
y? We need a worthy QB, do y'all know wut division we in? Do y'all see this record? Sheeeesh!!!
Community Issue 170 Insertion Deadline is today!
thanks! we got that double U!!
Expescialy when pulling up on you it goes like this first ( ae ) then then its back to ioweyou
i know the feeling...i played d2 for like 2-3 years.. lmao
2day is a beautiful day Brentwood 2 come & eat @ a food truck!We will b @ 210 Westwood Place fm 11-130.Hope to see you there.God bless u all
#7daysofsex is great Just make sure you experience it with someone that will be around in the Lon run
np! where u from?
thanks for the RT! We are super excited about the #DreamHouseRaffle!
Nath, ur account now looks like a fan account cuz of ur icon .____. Damn sexy photo though...
are u gonna start rapping?
Privacy fence going up #lowes or
well today was an extremely long day. im ready for sleep. cant wait to do this all over again tomorrow! WEEEHEEEW! no.
So pumped for the Survivor finale!!
I must admit, I've pushed the magnet at the bottom of the cup too....LOL
Let us drive! We will risk the roads to deliver you your favorite meal! www.wausautogo.com
my fiance ,he Jealous from you because I love u more than him !
Mom's Rock! Happy Mother's Day! ~ BC
Watching dancing with the stars and am not quite sure who about half these people are
+1 mt I <3 Teachers! 'Thank You' to all our teachers out there! Every day I see the faces & hear the voices of my teachers.
What's up, Raheem? We gonna see you in the line up in place of Freeney this week! Go get'em dude!
I'm having my first child next Fall stay tuned for pics..
Have your students write/calculate what they know - see what they come up with - "ED MEMORIES".
. By your definition of 'has-been" Christian/Edge/Undertaker/H/Del Rio/Punk are all over their 30s and not young. But ok :p
#mygraduationspeech fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, oh and fuck you.. GoodBye .. See Ya ! Im Out .
Thanks for reminding us! RT : I'm fully expecting analysis, fan hood and hilarity of for
Handling an ensemble cast in writing is a lot more difficult than it looks on TV. On a shows you can just have people standing around.
One sales lady managed to stalk our entire journey through Crate and Barrel. Made me feel very uneasy.
Where can I peep the music @?
I am singing a love song
There is so much wonderful art in the world, If you post it I'll read it and/or listen to it. Let me hear what you got to say
Worst. Night. EVER. :'(
check yo email bro
Hopefully! To Hyde Park. Staying in Chicago.
hahaha twitter just fucks up a lot :p
Had a dream about TWC soccer practice.
39 tweeted votes so far... keep voting and spreading the word! what is your fave charitable org.? top 4 org. w/ most votes gets a donation!
i'm wondering why you don't feel like supporting Miranda.. what did she do?
Getting my nails and feet done by the best!!
but shes only tweeted once.
Had a great shoot with Jim Mendrinos out on the piers. Will post clip when it's done.
Mike Smith is standing on his head.
thank you :) lol I need anything I can get.
because of digital technology, copyright is vulnerable - we need strong leadership in Congress to protect it
Traffic is a joke. A little police presence would be nice.
I'm not judging cuz I'm home all dressed and waiting for it to start. Watching my reruns right now! lol
truee maybe they'll make a new video diary video soon :o
“: I see u on ur twitter grind right now” yessir lol
sounds good! I'm eating right now. Nom nom nom. What's up with you?
I Love Bakersfield, But I Sware Sometimes It's A Dragg-.-
hey girl (:
Yeah she does kind of look like you :)
#Shoutout to for the great printing job they did for JenoLo Clothing tees #fashion Start of a new day...
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body
ty! Good morning! :)
thanks man
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
skipping work to be outside for 12 hours straight WITH allergies cuz #yolo. I love my #trackfam!! <3
have a great day!
Seeing the most loving, kind, generous, successful and all around baller person I know on Wednesday: ! So excited!
wen u gunna go down there?
You don't want a kidney stone do you? Go for the second!
Dropout rates for Blacks and Latinos in the Boston area region three times as high as those for whites and Asians.
i don't have much money, but boy if i did.
Really enjoying Some rad stuff.
Still have a couple of Lokos in the fridge chez les parents. Unless they drank 'em down, that is.
they should sell Kleenex next to it
"They've done studies, you know. 60% of the time it works, every time." -Anchorman
“: TEN DAYS” that's the countdown to Alabama Shakes/Jack White
aww thanks:) so are you!!!
Spending today in the digital darkroom getting all of my recent sessions wrapped up so I can prepare for this week. :)
If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first
Old barn turned into B&B
By the base of this excellent the dragonfly of fiberglass of wild decorative birds pond for the birds adds touch to by your fanta :-)
Ditto! RT : Don't we all! "I need more Tiggers and less Eeyores." Moroney.
I'm a stockholder, & have lost over $40 p/s. RS article was accurate, despite your lame attempt @ pathetic GOP spin. @
Rude RT : Rude or Okay?: Should you be allowed to text while in a movie theater? My vote is: Rude.
new microphone setup all under control. Looking forward to the next step (new camera) in an equipment change up soon.
Most likely.
Great charge taken by rob Wilson. I hate charge calls, buy that was legit.
What is going on in the NBA when Marc Gasol makes you think if he's the 2nd/3rd best Center in the game?
theres one among us whose not what he claims to be
Okay you're perfect lets talk more <3
Girl in class today was wearing Finding Nemo scrubs.
if he can't be with Lou then Cher is the only other person he can date! :D
Challenge yourself, after getting home from school instead of sitting down at the TV go for a walk or bike ride.
Someone can text me
Following us? Incase you didn't know, we have a new twitter account. To continue getting updates from us follow
Congrats on your retirement and a very successful 11-year career in the WNBA. Will you be remaining in SA?
Isn't that what the Pledge of Allegiance is for?
We will look into this right away and get you an answer!
lol no we're going to museums and stuff
Watching our three-year-old dance along wirh Mary Poppins. Who needs cable?
I tweeted the link for the commercial. Check it.
thanks Melodee- you too. Hope you are doing great, lovely lady!
It's spring all around the world. I hope spring comes to America soon. Austerity is built on backs of poor, here also.
Little league base running
Thanks Ted! That was very kind of you!
Unfollowed yesterday, he ruins the watching experience RT : It is, follow
Meeting with my friend Will Allen on Friday. Growing Power in Colombia? Hm
I wonder what Jesse Camp is doing right this second
You make money just to spend it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
thanks terri!
Volunteers needed to help tsunami survivors in Japan. Apply now at crashjapan.com
Your momma, she's a bitter bride. She'll never be satisfied.
Watching Half & Half , and CSI:Miami !
Let's get ready to rumble! Meeting the lovely at City Walk tonight. Huya!
LIVE NOW: w special guests & Join us at www.thisweekin.com/live
little bro went to the Children's hospital this morning :( Hope he gets better.
RT : #JustForToday messages/affirmations are daily reminders of what we can become even better at
Now that's science! “: The second White House science fair is today. I'm hoping for at least one poster board on Romney's AI.”
For some reason my fingers smell like Cookie Crisps... :C
i'm seriously so annoyed with like 50% of the people in my life.... tonight needs to be super good.
omg i feel like the whole of Miami is gonna be there
why u look like u got a mohawk in ur picture? lol
You have to start before you can succeed at anything.
In here beating azz in dominoes who want some Im giving them out all week
your hyperness was fine, it actually made me laugh! I got grossed out by the nuggets part tho, lol. Follow me? :)
Let me blow your mind.
Shout out to my 232nd follow # followmondays
Your life should be focused on achieving your goals. We spend too much time fooling around when we should be living.
": Here's to never giving up! ~ "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas A. Edison"
Thanks for mentions & RTs! Appreciated!
"She sat at the window watching the evening invade the avenue." All those lovely vees. And her name has one too: Eveline.
Just watched great documentary on photographer Bill Cunningham. His passion for what he does is infectious!
If there ever was a franchise I WANTED it would be a Shane's.
goodnight darling, hope you had a great day!! love you <3
Its time to get serious folks. Summertime means live the life. Fun weekend planned
yes we do! fill me in on new discoveries!
hello ladies how are you both
Many thanks! That was fun to unravel.
This flick "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" looks charming. I love flicks like that. My fave in that genre? Miss Petigrew Lives For Today.
Clear Brook's T.J. Johnson, Jason Campbell and Seth Etienne recently signed to play football at Mississippi College.
(Jean de la Bruyere) Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.
HAHA. I think I should be out already ugh
Ha!!! My source's source was off a bit!
Lee Grace Dougherty cries and apologizes in a Colorado court before sentenced to 24 years for her part in a shootout with her police.
So bored
srry I went shopping and i left me fone home
no sir. That was brown sugar butter
inspire while trying to create € seek words of wisdom in a world of hate !! Live for the future through the past in the present.
Confidence is the greatest key to beauty.
Great!!! so how is the preparation for baby shower going on ?
I teach Women's Studies, checking professional journals - what study are you citing?
Where will you be ten years from today? I will be at a red light on Main St. and 2nd.
"No one built this country on their own." ~ Barack!!!!
Would load #BeastieBoys on my iPod for my daily exercise run, but let's be real; #BeastieBoys were ALWAYS on my iPod.
Glad to hear! All is great- doing more & more with GTV, dance, fitness & image consulting =) LOVING Cupcake Chardonnay & Pinot Noir
please follow she is you biggest fan!41
- it "seems" not seem. Also, it's "millions" with a lower-case "m". This is why we need education reform.
Thanks for the link to Library Grits Daily.
they keep showing that F#$&ing Laettner shot as part of their commercial. Pisses UK fans off!
Heat and Pacers game tomorrow night with the boyfriend #soexcited <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+2764>
how r u? miss u haven't talked to u in a while
Nope. Didn't just watch a Snake, Rattle n' Roll speed-run on Youtube. Nope.
That fruit was delicious. And you know what? I'm full. I miss having readily available fruit that isn't a rotting home for flies. Lol
#SignsAPersonCantCook they have more frozen food in the freezer than FEMA has in their trucks
S.w.a.t at central
I had no idea you guys did sushi!! your poki is the bomb!
awehh thank u!(: If I do I'm gonna put all of u in my suite case and bring u with me<3
Cool so ill see you there! im helping back stage.
Two of my clients companies recently were acquired by larger (public) companies... Hope my design and incite had something to do with it!
Got a painless filling today -- thanks Delaware Dental.
2006 crown vic p71 for sale no mechanical problems what so ever, 160,000 miles, 3500 no low balls....firm price, not budgin
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who tells you differently is selling something.
Take her to the car bloop bloop, look like i'm speed racing..
Sorry to have missed what sounds like a great #PLA12, but super grateful takes good notes :-)
Wearing two hats #travel and #realestate tweeting about both from here
Very true... I'll be there next April. Plenty of time to train. Ha!
That spider I killed today bit me while I was sleeping last night. #fml They are my biggest fear.
Soldiers coming home from war in Iraq & Afganistan should stay in uniform 4 as long as they want to serve (cont)
#DanHeath #GrowCo 'The emotional system is the fuel for change'
This nigga at my house..
So guys I have a boyfriend now<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
De Longhi Pump Espresso
JUST INN>>> I WILL BE SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM AT A ORIOLE'S GAME THIS SUMMER WILL HAVE THE DATE NEXT WEEK.. WOO HOO
Early wake up in London; going threw the city so in the afternoon I can fly till Times Square :) Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Privatization means your tax dollars overpay a (mega corp) contractor, than the contractor overcharges you for shoddy service.
Magnum ice cream though?-.-
Wtf? Now I jump every time my ohone buzzes, hoping that it's you, and get dissapointed when it's not.
Dwan Bent-Twyford @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute! Listen now to have a chance in winning the $1000 CASH prize!
Im gettin A little Closer to gettin my Ipad HD
Welcome and Thanks for Following!
At the end of the day, it's about the people who are doing the work, not the work itself, that is of highest value.
And she gotta do her hair in under 2 hours at a salon??....good luck
yo im at your crib with penz where you at im bout to leave
:p my parents swear I need a job.
Baseball ... almost passed out
Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take. You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack.
But I talk mostly to guys. Only acouple of girl friends.
Wow, super chipper bus driver this morning!
chances are he DID roll his eyes
"I want to kiss you on the mouth and tell you...I'm your biggest fan"
OMFG please bring him out!
Two conferences in two days -- ready to rock this.
": You dude! You're what's up ;)" ha! Thanks bro
My U.S. History teacher just contrasted the actions of MLK and 'what happens in the school cafeteria sometimes'. lol heck,"#IaintEvenMad"
Visiting family for the holidays? Make your reservations with us now and SAVE on GREAT RATES!!
Project Overcoat begins January 7. Drop off new and used (good condition) coats and blankets to local Krogers stores.
nice to see you on here. :) How goes osci?
Oh oh oh! Happy Mothers Day to Gina & Dan Dan
BEAUTIFUL LOS ANGELES!!!!!
If I were a lion and yu were tuna, I would swim out into the mddle of the ocean and friggin eat yu! And then, I’d bang yur tuna girlfriend.
when are you going to get that twitter check mark?
Yahoo! Graduation tomorrow!
Got a new bike today! Just in time for next week.
no problem - than you for the eaves :)
We are closed for the weekend & will be open on Presidents Day Monday.
was it really you walking around the hard rock after the kiss concert last night?? I hope so!!
lmao it happened last week
: good stuff indeed. also done #amwriting for the night
what happened?
and be a dick to everyone
Going to the Amish country for mothers day. That's right! It's another meg episode. Am I Ohioan or what? Lol! Haven't gone in over 10 years~
TMZ News Alerts Junior Seau Dead -- Cops Suspect Suicide
Thanks man!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD!
We are! Please look out for who will be representing! RT : Hey sending anyone to #PdF11 in NYC?
Whoever keeps stealing mine and everyone else's money and clothes in gym is going down. Hahaha jk but seriously stop. Thank you.
Congrats to Brandon Petro of Baden winner of this afternoon's "Hillbilly Jeopardy" contest #Pittsburgh for tix
Humor is reason gone mad. Groucho Marx
...not my day. I hope you are having a good day. :)
Linebrink is a guy I usually shit on after his brutal finish to last year but he got out of a jam (well, Casilla is a joke but...)
Is now watching The Hills Have Thighs!
Starting our weekly Twitter giveaways today!!! Stay tuned for how to win a FREE TAN in any level at 123 W Madison
TWEET TWEET TWEET BIRD CALL BAYBEE!!! GOOD MORNING TO YA FOLKS HAVE A GREAT DAY AND STAY BLESSED!!!
The TCU Head Coaching Job: The 2012 Offseason's Circle of "WHAT?"
come up to Philly for it
Damn I miss Greg in GB! : I just have a lot of faith in you but yes RT : that's why you are a reporter not a GM Bedard
yaaay! Im such a loner right now everyone else = on the other side of the room, me = in a corner reading <U+E405>
om talk about kenny day lol fuck you guys
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis - Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony, Crystal Vision & Dj Rkylie
It does. I have some meds, not working v well. Thinking about trying 2 see a neuro as well. We have 2 take care of ourselves 2.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful
HERE WE COME.......LETS DANCE IN NEW ORLEANS!!!!
unknown isn't on my couch either. Crap.
You know the guy's the real deal when he gives you butterflies when he says "hi"<3
Farewell, Mr. Pistol <---dead link
that's a very funny movie :) always makes me laugh :)
Pay attention to the word lol
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH U FUCKIN MAD BRO? CAPSLOCK CAUSE IM AWESOME
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure. -Oscar Wilde
no that's why I asked you lol
RT Ya'll Ever noticed its the broke muthafuckas who always profess to be About their money
i miss george carlin. we should bring him back to life, he'd probably get a kick outta galvanization
Is there a girl that exists that doesn't claim to be "the clumsiest girl alive"?
All I am sayin is the TV CREW and specifically ABC BLOWS for these Finals. You'd think Miami was winning in blowouts by listening! A Joke!
#weirdfactsaboutme im fluent in 3 languages:)
why is it taking so long
Good day, matt!
Congrats on the great news, enjoy your work!
hahaha, how we looking now ?
It's a tricky balance between too little and too much....
Customers must book a Tickets & Room as a package for the Janet Jackson concert @ Caesar's we service many hotels on the Vegas strip
you are really awesome!:]
kissing booth.
so sad #desperateHousewives is over :((
Tip #101: The best betting line is usually bet, check, bet...especially in position.
well, semester is almost over. Might have to wait til fall.
yess that was me ! You shoulda stopped ! We beat prep !
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I hate people~
Currently at Healthy Coffee corporate office in Yorba Linda CA for vending machine training by Rick Aguiluz.
shampoo/conditioner/body wash/foggle/slide..oh and lotion!!
Happy Mother's Day!!
it's the perfect opportunity to wear the #Sabres jersey. Tell them you wanted to wear blue b/c you don't have a uniform yet ;)
Oh my gosh, thanks for the reminder! I'd totally forgotten.
We do?
Too early in the morning for bs. Like really ???
I'll try anything once, and I've already tried that and I don't like it.
thank you,I remember you dear :)*
not gonna make it today :(
totes. You should be on that show about memorizing lyrics!!
#metgala is tonight!!!!! prepared to drool over everyone's AMAZING dresses.
Still having some issues with the machine that runs our web server. Actively working on it.
I know I asked for the full Pac NW experience, but it's been raining for 24 hours. I checked the box, Im good. Let's move on Mother Nature.
...to go with 20-3 NFL ATS playoff record, 57%+ NFL regular season, 10-2 MLB Playoffs and 61% all-time college basketball postseason...
- most will give feedback no matter the approach. Your right ..a pleasant experience for both sides will always be remembered
All these trades have made me come outta the fridge, hows #packernation hanging?
Reading a very funny script. I love it when work is funny!!!
Good luck to everyone in the #teenhootcontest #maytheoutcomebeinyourhands;) goodluck
well going to do the dishes AGAIN!! TTYL twitter :-(
Beautiful sunset tonight after a day of bonkers crazy weather. You're nothing if not entertaining, #Seattle!
I know that's the truth. A friend of mine just kept bitching and was surprised when it started a flame war. :D
... to make sustainability a part of their lives and their experience in the city." -- Mayor Emanuel
so true!!
46 more days until I'm flying to Phoenix. :) avszgxdhfjuefbchjdk 49 until #BoyzHitPhoenix again.
I heard you sleep with a night light... Lmfao
is that where the 50 shades readership is? I know that's not "traditional" rom, but rom is many things
Ready for a long day of hockey!
Right?! RT : The Lakers vs. the Team That Took the Sonics out of Seattle. I can't think of a more repulsive matchup.
Day 3 of Level 3 I am actually feeling great...had a bug and think you kicked my ass and the bug out of me. Thanks!
This convo is classic
Thanks , we appreciate the shout-out!
Happy birthday 2 u happy birthday to u happy birthday 2happy birthday dear justin have a awesome birthday u deserve luv u
I showed up an hour late with dilated pupils & blood shoot red eyes, smelled like a rotten apple! Had a crazy midnight rally!
i feel god.
#2011RemindedMe all that I forgot
hrm yeah, what's up? and hello to you both xoxo
Great job though by Bo Ryan & staff, #badgers to continue the 4th or better streak. Role players (Gasser, Wilson) stepping up at right time.
wasn't me. But don't waste your time with that awful movie.
just left the detroit area! now working on out in the sf bay area. will b back and i will drop in! new web store will be up soon!
Who's going to the paradise fears show june 2nd? THIS GIRL
Perfect Sat! Listening to Frank, grilling and spending the night with the best people!
So just closing my eyes and jabbing with my finger is not suggested?
Eating some delicious pupusas!
Righteous. RT : My brother is going to grow up to be Sheldon from Big Bang. Guaranteed.
too many memories!!!!(:
Bosco Verticale is fantastic.I hope it works. The green space growing on top of San Fran's Nat Hist Museum is doing fine.
TMZ is a pretty cool show, to get update on the stars....
RT : Just followed advice. Sketched 100 things to come up with one thing. Great plan!
Haha, funny because I have never gone 0-2. Let's #gotoschool to #learnmath before we play videogames, shall we? Also, 1v1?
And now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray. Now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray.
I Love You<3
You want what yu cant have . Oh girl thatz too damnn bad ;)
Thanks, Joy!
Hello. RT : Well good evening, Mr. Wickett."
lol does that smiley face have a twitch ? (;, &CARmel
the reason why he is being attacked is because he had the pieces there and traded them away to be cheap and save money
Some good movies are coming out like men in black, G.I joe and batman rises and it all starts this Friday with the avengers!
what up
thts so cute they make a great couple, do u think liam or louis are gonna propose anytime soon?
How is it possible for men to sleep so much?
Have you ever seen someone on a walker boogie? Well, tonight's your lucky night! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
So let's go ahead and open pandora's box: what do you want out of next year's twitter feed?
#FridayReads reading the galley of Have You Seen Marie? by the amazing Sandra Cisneros! Published by the equally amazing
just saw last nights episode-WOW, can't wait til next week. My FAV show by far!
If you don't fight for what you want don't cry for what you lose .
Holiday Fair Coast Restaurant 12/4, 12 - 3. Benefits Jefferson County Food Pantry! Bring friends/family. Holiday shopping in style!
I'm a published poet today! Actually, my alter-ego who is named "Justin Guittard". The editors caught the mistake after printing. Oh well.
Lakers won so that meens 1 hell of a goodnight for me!
#LOVE creates #Leaders. #FEAR creates #Followers. -LM
You were so much my favorite on TC. Have let us know we're in Chicago do we can come down for some good WI girl cooking. GO PACK!!!
I'ma txt somebody.... 0.0
The #TeaParty wants women back in the kitchen, gays back in the closet and blacks back in the field.
Thnksgiving was a time 2 __?Thnksgving was a time to c family that we only see once a year n then remember way we only see them once a year!
It's gorgeous out
Starting tomorrow, our 2 new flavors? WILD STRAWBERRY (no sugar added) and PEANUT BUTTER. There are delicious possibilities here, people.
I think I need a new challenge...
I am drunk and I love your tweets. sober too
for following!
I won't be tomorrow!
It actually makes me angry to see the Blazers watch Dallas get offensive rebounds over and over again.
I just love you so much
Funny. RT Dear Internet: if you publish a story about effective uses of Twitter, please add a button to share on Twitter.
With my sunglasses on I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them I'm fat and 60. ~ Jack Nicholson
follow back? C;
- I don't know any well informed women who vote GOP, do you? They're misinformed (to put it kindly).
&uarr; Protect Your Kids
Congratulations jerrod Calhoun!! Great guy, great move! Im sure is proud!!
Thank God for DNA testing.
Tim Curry is the greatest!!!!!!
I think Oprah should be the President of America. She obviously knows how to make money n she gives out gifts.
Ugh, that's the worst. Sorry. RT : I'm getting trolled.
. There's no need to eradicate an imaginary god, but we do try to limit the damage done by believers to our societies.
U can't make people understand where I'm coming from and where I'm going..so I'm stop trying #F@#k you
On the hunt for a tiny toy apricot female poodle puppy! Oh, and with a pink nose!!! Can my daughter get any more detail specific?!
smoke like a junkie and fuck like a nympho
John Waters to host screening of Wizard of Oz here in Chicago at the Music Box! Should be a splendid event - tickets go on sale tom @ 12
You are the architect of your own destiny.
"The Force" is weird. How can a Jedi detect a planet being destroyed light years away but can’t tell he is kissing his own sister?
that's not the reason at all. Banks like #WellsFargo are sitting on piles of cash, they could hire if they want to
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011), on film
Cheers to the freakin weekend!
But thinking is overrated. I recommend not thinking. There are many things that can help you in the pursuit of not thinking.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!56
A newborn's body found in a #Salem home's backyard - hard to imagine that story. #BrentWeisberg with the latest next
follow back please? :) you're pretty.
The kid in front of me in study hall must hate me, I end up kicking him/his chair at least once pretty much every day.
40year old virgin. That's gonna be me bcuz every time I get close with anyone I get too scared
Hey! We're playing a show at on Tuesday, 9/20. Swing by, won't you?
The name of the game is quantifiable and measurable, people.
I mean I'm down like a hooker on a Friday night ;)
Im so happy im independed
will you be in DC or LA soon? Would be great to interview you! Best wishes!
UW defense dominated the 1st half of the Spring Game. Clearly, the injuries on the O-line are taking their toll.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love. Anais Nin
So do I tell a co-worker that he needs to shower because he smells up the entire office or not? The polls are open.
lmfaoo, that's so true. xD
Just went to Ritas!
first time i got out of bed at all today xD
Learn from struggles instead of letting them cripple you.
About to break bread with new partners! That's the business.
Nuff respect for heavy d his was great and he represented for us big people and overweight lovers
Monthly Organizational meeting is off the chain! 12 folks, 3new faces... Big summer plans :-)
Life is a highway! I wanna ride it all night long!
yes packers thank god Clay Matthews you were making me all nervous!
Mothers are always right! Ppl change..
what career field do you want to choose? How many children do you have? You can take classes on line now from home.
I really want to see the dictator.
Finna sleep for a lil bit
No longer getting Twitter jacked
watch the company you keep not everyone wants whats best for you
Spurs are gunna take a championship home this year ! <3 i can feel it ! #SPURS!
Tia Mowry & Pooch Hall leave The Game, do they have a strong enough fan base to still be successful without their two main characters?
I always get what I want, but sometimes I have to be very patient for it...
There is no writing. Only re-writing.
Rip Brittany Murphy
Oh hm.
Do any of my 8 loving roommates want to give me a massage tonight? :)
will do(:
hahaha I know its
your right!
damn straight. Come up to the track & get some new ones!
lol well enjoy it
christmas gift??
That is great!! Good to see you online! I hope you are having a great weekend!
Gettin it in!!!
“: Where do you want to see Sconnie Beer on tap?” #barHagemeier is a good place to start!
It is times like this that I bet my neighbors wish I didn't have blinds!
Audrey is so dumb. Forreal.
Im finna call these people and tell on
Celebrity Winner: Ciara Sotto and The Far East Acrobat.Congrats.
#Golf #Joke 80 year old Scotsman Claims Golf is the Secret to a Long-Long #Life! Read the full #Story now @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
Is it because they're older? Or are you trying to teach about correlation vs. causation?
A couple music meetings today and the filming for my music video is almost DONE!!!!
Your divide & conquer statement referred to standing up 4 taxpayers? How does dividing a state help anyone?
oh there are so many! Probably and tweepi
Last time around the toffee fan message boards were crushing and US soccer. Now they are celebrating
Captain Serious? Seriously Clutch.
cursed. I want to gut Lebron that half a fag. Hope his mom has hpv from delonte west. That shit is there to stay.
ya I'm pretty sure it is - glad to see her back in the socialite scene!
i ain't gonna be out my crib yet till the last day of school
City of God is not a black film, perhaps a film about violence in Rio's favelas that features blacks as those who live in the favelas.
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever :)
Time is relative but it isn't relevant. If time were an animal, it wouldn't be an elephant.
Q15 Crunch while watching The Biggest Loser. Take the stairs rather than the elevator!!
RT : RT : "100 small rewards better than 1 big reward". Give learners lots of cookies
Haha well played... I am seriously considering trying this out
Phone line dead. Phone line died.
youtube: rob colwill. Most acoustic based music
LIVE LOUD.
Happy dance! <U+E057><U+E106>
Nothing really!
work is gonna be insane today -_-
Scramble the jets!
Much needed run with a good friend. Work looms but life demands balance.
We "Initially believed" our trading was sound. But lost 2 BILLION because of "riskier, more volatile and less effective" decisions
Ended up going to the for the press conference and stayed for WESTSIDE STORY
S/o to all of my peers making progress
Chocolate covered strawberries.. Yumm. Thanks roomie!
Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Becomes Vampire...<U+2620>
I'm getting back in the swing of things after an amazing weekend up in Boone celebrating 40 years of ...it was so much fun
lol damn you two are on a roll tonite! Keep it up! ;)
If you're attending #CSM2012, visit us at USC booth 544, our Alumni & Friends Reception, and faculty presentations & posters: pt.usc.edu/csm
Well ribs aren't the best idea to eat in a professional office lol
RT : Who's ready for the next music film after #crashcourse!? Directed by , Starring again!? http:// ...
Hey Wynn hotel, with your fancy marble tiles and like mirrors everywhere, how 'bout some free WIFI you cheap douche!
I bet bumping into your bestfriend would be better... Lol RT : Bumping into an old friend made my day
Trying to read an ebook in Firefox and it's maddening. Why can't I read this on my Kindle? Please disappear web-only "ebooks," soon.
thanks mom. :)
WOah i haven't been on in forever!! I miss you twitter! ;)
This all sounds fair to me. Really though, no pressure. There's always next year, right?
The sexy blonde chick says "hi"
And by the way, you should read my book Part Wild. Then you'll see just how crazy I am.
Guitar Hero
come to chicago!
thank you! Going to post office is my LEAST favorite errand. Hands down. Hate it.
tell me!
I so love it when I walk right in my apt building and all of the sudden I'm dying to pee and I'm not even in my apt.
Your sessions were great. Travel safe!
reveals it's first iPhone app! Track your fav players, scores, news, tourn schedules, YouTube videos and MORE! Free at the app store!
Don't get me wrong. I love loud music in the car but now I have a massive headache. Oh well. It feels good out so I'll gladly suffer.
For you have need of endurance, so that when you have done the will of God, you may receive what was promised. [Hebrews 10:36
yeah like always. They know that most of us will change the channel after he performs so they put him last.
this is the story of a girl who cried a river and drown the whole world<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
it is too damn hot to be at this soccer game ! D:
Texas Battle League Freestyle Battle/Show in Austin on June 24, 2011 featuring Mr. Smith, Big Ke, and Dat Nigga Trigg!!!
Got beats for days for you! Hev talk to you yet?
No prob. Let's plan to get together soon as well! Maybe meet at Sweetgreen on purpose this time : )
Uggggghhhhhhh. Breaks my heart.
Also...just created a class twitter account during last week's awesomeness w/ the nobel summit & our all frosh model UN.
Yeah. We do regular sunglasses and prescription glasses. I run a store for an Optometrist in palos verdes
Sax, With Kyle ... Live right now ... Http://sax.sprnetwork.com ... 8 minutes of great sax
When I find a song I like I'll play it a thousand times on repeat till it gets old.
Improv Assylum in Bostin! Wish i was also going to
Our #SOT community project to raise awareness of the effects of combat #PTSD on families and children is nearly ready to go.
We help you send a #text message to hundreds or thousands of customers at one time with a specific offer, promotion, discount or message.
Have a few minutes before the first session of the day so I'm browsing looking at CW photos of Richmond
we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 some of the Yankees. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if U want one
ABDC RE RUNS ARE ON, IM WATCHING YOU GUYS AGAIN WE NEED TO TREND #ICONICABDCMEMORIES :)
Thx! The way I look at it, we're moving with sweet memories to this city's name. So it's only going to bring us back some day :).
Football is back! Come watch preseason football in the bar!
“: The average American drinks over 25 gallons of beer every year!" hah, lightweights
Once again the Heat F'n things up! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
thanks for the follow!:)
5 && why don't you follow me :/
i fancy Adam Levine. m
French Exam this PM ! But denstist before --'
oh I'm sorry I am in oregon
yes very tired
I know, great right! Seriously though, nobody knows how to spell "Yuengling", it's just a complicated name.
Goin 90 on highway 66 because we woke up late
Happy one year of being girlfriends to me and !(:<3 freaking love that girl but she's lame for not being in town right now.
Veuve Clicquot & seafood done..I'm nice & tired bout to beauty rest for tomm nite @ ibeza.
I survived speaking in public today.....That's relieved some stress! Now this weather makes me want to do absolutely nothing....
I Need 10 More Followers To Reach 500!(:
The real stock market crash is coming, are you ready?
Tweeting from 23,000 feet on my way to Indianapolis via Atlanta. These are amazing times we live in!
I don’t believe in luck, but… things could be going a lot better for me...
The Lakers are getting shat on
If you believe in yourself you don't care what other people think about you.
Yo Gang, this is what we're up against: said by a guest on a Des Moines conservative radio show, "I would vote 4 Charles Manson B4 Obama."
Everyone loves a game 7.
holy shit. That sucks :-(
wow, bloody twitter. I had clicked follow already and it didn't work. but forsure I'm following you now c:
He always got sumn to say
I'm actually listening to Le Tombeau de Couperin, Fugue and sipping on Bud Light, but 's multiplying significations are cooler.
How was it?! RT : I'm at #swmiami wish you were here too!
God I miss Dick. Dick was just so good. I don't know if I can live without Dick. I mean, I grew up on Dick. R.I.P buddy.
remember when UTSA all-girl won NCA?
Rehearsal w/ Crack!!! Playing Thursday at King Plow!
The Brazilian butt lift= most amazing workouts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
In due time a person will show their inner self.
I'm always able to say the right things at the right times... :D
i miss you too! i was just reading francesca lia block the other day and thought of you, lol
Back at ya <3
Up by 4!!! That is what I am talking about UCONN!!! Go Huskies!!!
To follow the Las Vegas Race for the Cure on Saturday, use #Race4Cure and also be sure to send pix to
I always hear sirens after 10 tho.
Which location did you go to?
wahh today already sucks :\
interviewing a prospective student worker today. fun fun.
Come on bucks, let's get it together. We don't need more blooper reel highlights
Love this & love perfume ": "A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting. " <U+2015> Christian Dior"
anytime Jade!!! I know you got a great head on your shoulders!!! God gives you as much as you handle!!! One step at a time :))))
belly JUST fell asleep for her nap...looks like its gonna be a long night lol
It's hard to believe the past sometimes. Trying to convince yourself that didn't happen.
Lots of pre-ACL activity in ! Lots of ppl &equipment moving around. Also folks walk-/running along roadway
Great job B-Dawgs!!!!
I'm always open for collabs whenever u ready let me know
c; ooh yes I member RT : all the time we make each other days with our randomness c'=
#SEM10 George Lipsitz speaks tomorrow for Seeger lecture. Very excited. You probably don't remember me, but ... your ideas are cool.
the only team with the best record that will win the title is the packers
Finally finished my project for the International Committee of the Red Cross!
Beach Party next month Details coming soon!!
I'm loving Jemele Hill with the wolverines tee on Jim Rome...the laid back look, and she's still hot.
Thanks a lot on data science, still an emerging field. Glad that 2012 is named as the year of Semantic Web by
My goal is to meet before she leaves Boca. I'm gonna make it happen!
Happy Birthday!!! My twins' was Thursday so I always remember ur right after. Can u believe they're 12 now?! Time flies...:)
Doctors have a duty to say no when saying yes does more harm than good.
have brooklyn call me!!!!
you guys ready?! GTS #4 I say that I hate a song, then you go request it the whole night long
Just registered and booked the hotel for the wife and I for Netroots 2012!
Go get laid & stfu
Time for #Truckeroo!! Who else is going?
done! Free hemming. Used gift card.
great last name ;) Go Rockies!!!
Walking along the Las Vegas Strip like a tourist is still fun :-)
So happy to be followed by ! Cheers!
That is too funny Kelly!
that goal was nuts. penalty kicks. lets get it.
SOUTH FLORIDA SOUTH FLORIDA. GO BULLS!
#RVA #easypass $1 fee? Let's give it up and innundate VDOT with coins. Don't care that other states do it, use your vote & coins to say NO
I hope the City of Chicago gets its ass sued off for the new ward map. Assholes.
The first cases of AIDS were reported June 5, 1981. As we mark #30years, we think back 2 those lost & the amazing wk done in HIV nutrition.
hey boo
dont talk trash about people just cause your not happy with yourslef doesnt mean you have to make fun of everyone you see including me
I feel like shit...
You know the world's in trouble when 'Kenny Cooper' is trending worldwide.
Got something new? That'll be 2 years and $2mil. Improving something? That'll be a couple hundred K and 6 months.
Hey Sam, next time you are in Florida come play in Orlando!
A much needed date night with the hubs. Aught sweet adult time.
#BeliebersDeserveRespect respect isn't deserved, it's earned.
I just dm u my #
Bingo. Exactly why an informed populace is severely dangerous to incumbents in a place like this.
ok ill say this and say it one time, i think the #NFL should help pay medical costs to past players, but they shouldnt have to pay all!
Anglo girl moves to Southwest after father is murdered, makes friends w/Latino boy. He's a bit exoticized but it's well done +
Hope Kelly Clarkson performs with James Lipton, Andrew Zimmern and Chris Berman.
Thanks guys! Heading out now for a SLOW run.
Well, not ALL the way. You do root for the Yankees. ;)
I think so. We might have met once or twice
Routine is one my worst fears ... I feed of a new challenge, a new city, a new point of view - I'm so ready to make the big move #L.A2012!
well there we go :)) sounds good!!!
dont 4get to nominate any heroes u met on the road! air tix 4 u and a 10K trip for your hero
That girl is my heart like foreal <3
So bummed I have to work today -- the #ATOC is going to be riding 2 blocks away from my apartment in just a few minutes.
text me! U got my #
Final prep for Rose Bowl Social Media presentation at today's #UWSocial meeting. Looking forward to some good feedback on our efforts.
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Listening to BandBaajaBaraat, feel like dancing in subway :d
If you like XiaoLongBao (soup dumplings) you MUST go eat at DinTaiFang over in XinTianDi area. They are world famous.
Darn. And here I thought you were coming to town. :) It's OK.
Leadership is action, not position. - D.H. McGannon
Watching Soul Surfer. Not liking it yet......
We hit 400 followers today! It's a good start! Be sure to tell your friends to follow us for all the best shows!
Wait, what?
Very true! :D
Where are our #oscars ninjas at?! Has your favorite won?
Most of the people my age in wayne county are going nowhere
Flew solo for the first time today with the kiddos. And it went well! They did their work and listened to me! I. Am. Awesome.
answer your phone! =P
Pretty proud of myself. Climbed a tree with no branches, that was slanted over a small cliff.
we're making all the same mistakes
Lol thanks boo! Im going to pray on it! RT : u should do radio! Ur hilarious :))
Love early morning Saturdays. The day seems to last forever. What's better than that???
Omg! That #ArmyWives preview!!!
Well at least there's that, I guess. Jeez, they really make you work to find it, too. Utterly stoopid and pointless.
In the laboratory, cooking up something fresh...
RT Total count for #Huguely jury selection Day1: 21people have been cut - 19 retained from the 40 questioned today.
If today doesn't work, when will you be downtown next? I'll DM my phone number if that's easier, feel free to call or text.
OH!!?? Where in OR??? I climbed Mt. Hood and stayed w/family in Hood River. Loved every waking min. while there!
what would I do without your witty tweets??
I heart american horror story
What truly makes you happy? I can't seem to answer it myself...
did you read the update details?
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools.Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
who wants to buy like 50 pies and have a pie fight somewhere?
is parked about 5 blocks (Pratt & Commerce) from the Convention Center. Head over for lunch,
New Show Casting 'Sing If You Can'. Auditions happening in Los Angeles. Limited time. email
Thx for the re-tweet. How are things down under?
hey man good luck to u and the fallen angel. I love it when you both are in the ring together. It's always a great match.
I have two different, unrelated ones that are looking powder-keggy, and I'm hoping people's keyboard batteries die or something.
Petal, it hpns every 10-15 yrs. It's a pain, but it's better than not having the right to strike? I think. Maybe not. Hm.
would you like to play in the NFL?
Yeah. The Online Search connections for PubMed and CrossRef will let you do that.
hey <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BA>! Um let's hang Friday, k?
Toronto Star and The Globe and Mail Form Joint Distribution Partnership in Ontario
SAVE THE PLANET, DRINK ORGANIC! Taste (and tweet about) organic craft beers with us and ! Tuesday 4/10 8-9p EST
Goin' For A Run !
are you picking a fight? haha
We're coming out with a "Lite" version in the next couple weeks. Stay tuned!
This humorous line of t-shirts takes the every day annoyances of life and gives
I went to church now wat else is there to do on a Sunday
I didn't know he lived in Oregon
Just watched The Orphan...that was one chilling performance by Isabelle Fuhrman... Now its nap time :)
Always important to tell your therapist how you are feeling and if there are areas of pain
Finally, the public beta version of SlateBox is up with a full API. The grand opening will be on 7/10.
"We're asian friendly in here!" courtesy of
One of my kids always got in the laundry basket after my wife emptied the dryer. Picture still makes me smile 25 years later.
I'm glad you liked the post, and thanks for adding the tip!
Yeah, obviously a very small sample, but he's not exactly a wizard at keeping the ball down.
Ugh, tempting. Maybe I'll go later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Saying my goodbyes on the train. Weird that you can be so sad after knowing people for only a week.
Don't forget we are available for takeout, so your family will love you more: 705-5030
If I could only predict elections like I do March Madness.
George Zimmerman charged with second degree murder of Trayvon Martin.
please follow me. <3
Hoping you would have time to join us on tomorrow or Wed. DM me plz.
Appreciate it, guys...can never be easy following Tyson, so just tried to be more animated than Leif.
let me guess raise the price of tickets but let the illegal immigrants slide Right
I support everyone, I speak to everyone, Im not stuck up, Im very friendly, but somehow thats a bad thing smh
thank you man
Nashville soul choir performs tomorrow Nov 19th Centennial park 10 am!!
you guys are pissing me off and Bailey wont follow me, so im going to bed. AT NINE. i hope y'all are happy.
Shouldn't be a problem. Submit the support form and we'll check out what's happening.
you're my life. i think and dream about u everyday, even if ur fictional, lol
#GameChangeBaltimore: What a movie! #GameChange was great! Did anyone notice the few #Baltimore scenes?
yeahh that'd be good. That way you know how much you would need to save to get it(:
I know what you mean. I would not be here but I found a gift card.
Consumer preference has spoken: e-readers that can be read comfortably in all kinds of lighting conditions!
"Interesting" is the new sentence filler, replacing "Um..." and "Like..." Class discussions can be so painful sometimes.
What do you know about "Digital Empowerment"? bit.ly/9pVIUK
I swear to Dewey if this guy doesn't show up I will cut a bitch. Waiting for 2 hours sucks! If I lived in a real town...
Any good diet plan ?
idk feel like I got a stomach virus or something
Shower time !!!!!! Nevermind bump dat I want a bubble bath in the jacuzzi tub tonight...them termites got me feeling yuckie yuckie
dug it! Pat knows his stuff and can articulate it like hardcore. Question: you guys use a two camera setup?
I've read a lot lately about how it's not necessary to stretch before working out.. what are your thoughts on the matter?
I need to charge my phone again im glad i charged it bfor i left yesturday
i wish i was a cartoon...
looks like I'll be doing some dancing soon....
Ha. Great shot.
have a awesome day!:)
Having translated 3 of several hundred pages from .cfm to .php, I am about ready to call it a day of glorious accomplishment.
keep in mind I was lovingly called the sign nazi by my colleagues...
The most American thing I've ever seen is Wipeout playing in a McDonalds lobby #merica,fuckyeah
Well I missed my 3000th by 3 but oh we'll this one goes out to the class of 2012 love you all #goodlucknextyear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
OMVG!!! Greyson thats sad..but ur right they will be okay ;) haha i love you so much...u just made my day Thanks :) <3
You are most welcome! Hope you enjoy Theo as much as we do! :)
Thank you, Amanda E Baker, Daniel Cononico and everyone at theSalon @ Creekside for hosting The Art Plant jewelry and photography show!
I like it when your dentist is hot and her tit is brushing against your head as she does the dentist stuff
Many thanks Groove Thief!
where the fuck are my friends, like seriously, ugh, July 18th is too far away !
hit up Nashville...
Don't be unequally yolked. If you are dating someone who doesn't have a personal relationship with #Christ, you are playing with fire.
Where would be a good place to put a supermarket or farmers market in Broadway area?
Best part of my day.. Seeing and pop in at my work :) I love seeing my samboo <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Evans and that shit is getting funny these people running around scared and idgaf
should I refer you back to your tweet 2 days ago about not getting your hopes up??
RT We have updated our race date to May 19th, 2012! Excited about our new partnership with Zulu Racing for chip timing.
I'd hate to be at your house right now, I can't stop coughing.
Waiting for my food
Shit is extra real from here on out
Zuckerberg saying that he's going to announce something "Life Changing" is dumb. Talk about building hype that you can't match.
Tuned into
Day by day, moment by moment...my motto this week. Through Christ, all things. Through friends, encouragement. Through love, hope.
TRANSLATION: We hope nobody points out that #iagov has been "touring" Iowa non-stop since his election.
the answer is always yes... gotta love steely dan!
Final 189-135. Naptowm wins. Great effort by our girls in gold!
well i was theree. p.s. what happened to
:) love that she is looking out for you!
Pinterest has experienced explosive growth.
no problem, i'm adrianna (better ada). ;) yea, what do u think?
you kickin knowledge this morning. Ya'll follow my dude Veezy of ... #sessionsMagazine He's doing big things!
OH! Can you send me your spreadsheet? I'm interested in your metrics :-)
I want Christian Louboutin ballet slippers
Thank you very much! :-) RT : hope the new job is going great for you! And nice avi very handsome
It's funny how people can talk abt you bhind your back but not to your face <U+E333>
let's try Sunday
in your article about the womens soccer team its Abby Wambach....
maybe. If I get close again. And if my phone doesn't doe
I HATE AUTOCORRECT SOMETIMES!!! But then again it could be useful when I don't know how to spell something.
First night of indoor Boot Camp was a success! The floor was AWESOME! Things are going to grow out of control!
Trade Igoudala, amnesty Brand, Let Lou and Hawes walk would be a start. Sell your first born for a star!
Never could stand 'Send In The Clowns' but Catherine Zeta-Jones of all people just changed that via #ALittleNightMusic '10 revival
Thats cool did ya'll win?
Guns don't kill people--hoodies kill people.
at last years major in wisconsin, lefty signed autographs for an hour and a half. Rory ignored all fans. Not likable, just a punk.
Have a tasty Tuesday tea lovers :)
just another ny elite: living in my highrise and riding the subway
43 degrees in #nwi this afternoon.
just heard on that a human head was found in the Hollywood Hills - hopin' it's not Danny Trejo on a tortoise
i really need to chill wit the laker insults ..lmaoo.
& any other time RT : Shame on so-called Muslims who've murdered 100s in terror attacks in Pakistan in the midst of Ramadan
Watch me tonight at 8pm on #lifetime's world premier of Playdate.
What happened to her? Weird..
if i make $200 a day it will total $73,000 for the year. I need that kind of dough! I;ve got to figure out a way to be Successful and Rich!!
#packers defense is way too undisciplined. The presnap movement is hurting them more than confusing the off. Guys out of position at snap.
Our phones fall, we panic. Our friends fall, we laugh.
Same here its better if we leave in the new year na what i mean :)
Teresa magnum discussed Iowa's new push for digital public humanities.
Done setting up TEMA's twitter pages.
Congrats to Denver and Tim Tebow! Not since OJ Simpson have people been so captivated by a white Bronco. (from )
Don't fall in love. She's a beauty. She is one in a million girls. Love the Tubes. An oldie but a goodie
Breakfast!!! I need breakfast before I snap!!!
Agree. Esp when packaging is such huge cost/barrier to branding, development, new product rollout, etc.
BK email still down! Use to reach me. We especially want you to reach me if you are a litigation paralegal looking fo…
"Swim for the music that saves you, when you're not so sure you'll survive." Jack's Mannequin
Keep your heads up to the skies
Thanks to the Giants and Patriots for a great game! Now I don't even hate Brady and Belichick anymore!
We are crowdsourcing a microfinance round to connect people trying to increase the biodiversity of their social network.
Followup tweets of victory: printing 300 menus for House of Blues, jamming a complimentary "Yo, Mami" mixtape from Ms. Gracie Chavez!
New website up and running at: www.amandafugatemoss.com
Tell me you have a show while you're in town. Please.
The flow of illegal entrants across southern border actually has been declining in recent years/ two reasons check out alsarizona.com blog
sounds so good right now!
On Computers: Giving advice on tablets a risky business
I agree
Good morning thanks for the followback. Make today your day!!
I wonder how many guys got hit with the question: So what are your short term goals?
": That works out great...for you."SO NO CONTEST HUH.?
guess i better watch my subtitles (I don't often change them when repinning)
LOVED your write up and photos, Lauren. Thanks again for coming out! Feel free to come back for the ribs anytime ;)
Everything happens for a reason
If you're still at #4c12 on Saturday, be sure to catch , , & 's talk on computational rhetorics and DH at
People, if you go to a dinner party in Africa, don't drink the genocider.
New favorite workout: zumba! Don't know why it's taken me so long to take it up! Don't forget, new single in the making, stay tuned!
what is your problem no woulder no one follows you what ever ok i love and deal with it so stop hateing gayass
Good Night gotta get up for work in 4 hours lol Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares
OMG, is prego??
If you binge on 37 heads cabbage is that bad?
Listen here twitterdees and twitterdumbs.. Were awesome so fuckin follow
Where is in all this frenzy?
you're my new hero!
I think I'm qonna feel like a qirl scout today lol.
The #gradschoolproblems hashtag reminds me that
my email is
Been there, done that...not fun - especially the first few days. Remember, if they say 'take these for the pain'...trust them.
The electronic music vibe and great lyrics (+singing)! Listening to it all the time right now.
RT": People change, memories don't."
RT : Can't wait for the ColumBEST Awards Party tomorrow at !! First 300 people get FREE Patron cocktails on us!
2 dudes sitting next to me at coffee shop are med students study for an exam, talking v. srsly re the shape and structure of... testicles
hey how about triple,h becomes champ on sunday
#thingsIcantStand living far a way from ;)
might get an iphone. Woot woot.
most of the time i'm 100% okay with my body. but right now i wish i was 40 pounds lighter....i don't fit in half my clothes
oh very cool! Can't wait to hear it. For sure we'll b back to Cali soon, This last year away felt like 100!
Philly311 Testimonials: Every time we call the agents are very professional and always gives us accurate information. -Apr 5, 2012
so wat u been up to
How am I still getting Farmville requests?! I thought that became uncool like years ago.
More interesting is pretty much everything around it. Long Beach, South Bay (the Beaches), LA proper. IMHO, of course. :)
8-0 run for Milwaukee as Butler struggles to get going again. Milwaukee now leads 33-26.
We get it it's raining...shut up now
You know, if I lived in NY I would now bring my iPad in all the time ... although I don't know why.
Fuck it. I don't wanna go to court!
Interesting! Do you follow any of those brand fabulous ladies?
Sometimes ... definitely. Often? Ehhh. I'm pretty sure Battleship is exactly what it looks like. CRAP.
First semester of grad school is DONE! Thank God!
Seriously #GreysAnatomy? A plane crash?!
omg don't scare me wat happened??
it is a small world! where are you located? I'm in Indianapolis.
I really liked harry potter as an audiobook. In defense of food was pretty good, too
Oh gosh , you have a twitter too ?? Lol
hey mama! u didnt give me ur number that one night i saw u! :( so sad lol
Oh my God! I am really enjoying #FinalFantasy13 !!!
Oh I enjoyed them very much thanks for sharing them I should them to Bree she thought that they were hilarious especially
You teaching in the morning? Haven't seen you in a while.
Also, if you guys have pixs from April event, email 'em and we'll post em
(: miss you too!
: HAVE a FAB day lady!!!!
I want twitter friends all over the world, you're my first friend in South Africa! :D
perfect! good! great! awesome! and yours?
thanks for the follow! I hope you're having a wonderful Saturday.
Let the other 2 have Ryder! They are haters! I'M ON YOUR SIDE You're taking down the Sirius XM "Celebs"!
Congrats to the winner of the Hong Kong trip
Do you watch vampire diaries??? I saw TVD in your twitter profile.
sounds like he's actually talking about PEOPLE!!!
Bill Edwards performing with special guest Channel 7's Stephen Clark @ the 4th Avenue Gallery this Friday night...admission is free...
good album west coast
They say your freedom isnt worth any amount of money -___-
true fact!
May you know and experience your loving-kind nature. You are part of the One Loving Heart. Happy Valentines Day. XX
You are much smarter than I am and can probably spell better :)
As always it's a fro yo kind of day! How 'bout some cake batter?
what is that app called that people used on instagram and it's like $1 and you can make a mini collage of pictures?
THICK BITCH, got mo ass then a motherfucka
me too :( it's out of our hands right now. We hope to be back Sunday. Bo
Yes RT : just explain it as the bible Olympics
The cruise line's lawyers will be working hard spinning that strand of narrative; the coast guard transmission was a killer.
OMG ! Congrats girl, I know you'll be a GREAT mother to your baby... what are you havin?
im hating this pregnancy
Chocolate &amp;amp; Almonds:Chocolate with almonds always tastes good
When my dad is out of town I still sleep with my mom Lmao
The kids are still alright!
I'm nice to the weird kid, so he'll spare my life when he snaps..
persistent. You fool!
can't wait for the beach on saturday!
yay!!!! Wish I could be there!! Have an awesome time:)
Wow, your Friday morning tops mine! I have coffee, but no hammock. :( Anyways, have a great Friday!
“There are two rules for success. 1) Never tell everything you know.” Roger H. Lincoln
#m sounds heavenly
I think it's time to change your twitter pic ;)
Headed up to SECs with to watch and other VOLs kick some ass!
S/O to my new follower she bad,sexy, and beautiful
What does #SGP mean?
The shit is crazy!
Less then a hour till Being Human!
Thank you so much! That is greatly appreciated! That means a lot to me!
Coaches can strengthen your mind. Your teammates can strengthen your heart. Can we count on you to strengthen your body?
YES. exactly.
Sorry again about the hitches in the website update. I've been told the changes will be made Monday.
Cant wait to go shopping!<3
Right - I forgot about that connection.
lol sure does added with a back hand and uppercut button too.
RIP Bob Brookmeyer: Another Jazz Legend Gone!
reminds me of so many of us!
Whoa with a rare tweet
Let's devolve the race for the Presidency into trivia. It's what makes America great.
Racine, WI (Senate District 21): John Lehman is the "Real Dem"! Vote Tuesday, May 8! Photo ID not needed.
I've been in this ghetto as place ! I miss you to fucking much !!!!!
Crazy TV Lenny is back on the radio doing American commercials. Sounds kinda cool.
so do I even have to ask you if you downloaded this new #krit that dropped today??
I can respect that.
Today. It's a good day.
I hope so!! And if there is I hope it is better than what was done for Mario's 25th!
my bday this Friday cant wat
I'd like to think this is neverending...
Happy National Kiss Day ;-)
GM all. Jus bought the hair 4 my kinky twist...so excited, finally gettin my hair done 2morrow!! :)
yea he will he just wont have the money to travel and i really wanna be a singer for big machine records i hav a question
plus I would have no idea who your friends are so idk what that has to do with anything
we have been..... duh
Hey Ed, Jay Roach also directed Game Change, so political docudramas are his thing. You'll be great!
Graduated yes, official a college grad, and my kids were there to see me walk the stage of honor, something to keep them motivated
Not bad, #Oscars. A few complaints: Viola Davis deserved Best Actress and Emmanuel Lubezki was robbed. But Billy Crystal was in fine form.
call them. They'll walk you through it.
We will not leave the cafeteria until we have finished the entire confection!
trashy yet highbrow! Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman by Stefan Zweig
Whoever invented Twitter hates going outside.
Hey i so wanted to hate WE THE PIZZA, but to be honest with you, thats the BEST IN DC, Thanks
he only notices when people fan girl and spam...
Well that fucked up my day good and proper.
bad beat jackpots both hands need to use both hole cards.
Lucky man? You kiddin? Dan Radakovich was and still is one of the best ADs in the entire country. Tech is lucky to have him.
Listening to organizers of the Texas Library Association conference share their war stories. Someone actually shushed us.
lunch this week? (:
Free the people
they have three wagamamas in Boston. asdfghjkl. I'll be searching all day! haha
the waiting game is much more difficult when you really want something!
If we get it, would also take a larger team out next spring.... how's school treating you?
big homie, where do I get these highline ballroom tix for show? At the door or online?? I wanna see duu in action
I got emotional reading RT : Former ND off linemen (now Bronco) Eric Olsen with series of tweets on J. Seau right now.
i tried to call you!! will you be around later tonight?
you could just come to Seattle and go to the show with me.
must be awkward to cast an actor who plays a character that dies of old age. It's like "you look like you're gonna kick the bucket soon"
That's cool! We always have cardboard ones with our names written in a sharpie....waugh waugh.
RT : Ready for the show tomorrow?...we'll find out....HELL YES! \m/
just got back form lifting... getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
I love that we both became running fools. :)
Drunken writing mode with The 6kness Click. Deadly combination.
i love getting graduation money!! $$$$$$
so u not following me anymore?
Whenever you place your Job openings, once listed, it will be available to All our Security Professional job seekers on the Bodyguardnation
The limit on users obviously isn't a problem with Google Docs.
Everyone wants a magical solution to their problem. And no one wants to do the magic.
so glad I am not there
yea I did tht imma do it again though
HE DOES NOT WANT TO FOLLOW YOU, SHUT UP.
Great day with the stepfam, but freaking exhausted!
3/5/1789-> S Meredith:Tho public Suffrage that places a Man in Office should prevent being swayed he may indulge continuance of attachments
I love you to the moon & back<3
“: I hope the makers of Coors Lite Iced Tea decide the name is too long and abbreviate it ;)” I agree, No comment! #c*!t
I have no respect for people who eat pizza with a fork. -__-
Hi. May I ask, do you paint or do any other art (besides acting, of course)?
I have more!! Lmao whats up bro?
People follow you because they want to connect with you. Don't spend all day PUSHING product.
Encouraging: With #PTSD and #TBI employers want to know more. Is not a deterrent for employment.
My sister makes so many noises in her sleep idk what to do lol
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
Ehmagawd, thanks! I j'adore your's!
..left NY but i hope ur havin a great time in OZ i love u guys uber much xx (2/2)
indianapolis stucco repair, indianapolis dryvit companies indianapolis dryvit companies indianapolis eifs companies, indianapolis stucco
My DRIVE Blu-Ray came in the mail. Things will get pretty groovy and badass after the kids go to bed.
Farmer's market!
It will be what we make of it, very good. Longboarding chat room.
Good morning Fashion 5.0 fans! Random question: What's your favorite breakfast cereal?
#Nowplaying at the outdated and behind the times Union Station: Hot Blooded by Foreigner. Seriously???
Happy weekend everyone! :)
oh ya I've been to Mexico too haha
I just started my essay and got writers block. WTF!
check out
I still don't understand this stuff. What it is and how it works
it means a lot, u might have been my first, always a special place in my heart
Standing in this line hoping to meet vince carter! So anxious
Watching the #DSAwards!
DRAGON BOAT RACES ARE COMING SOON! celebrate with a dragon boat sticky rice (with meat or soy) yum
agree....again: The stupid, it burns.
sofa king we Todd did? Say it! You know you wanna..,
I wish that RIP meant ''Return If Possible.''/:
hate the constant commercial deluge as I do, I would enjoy a curated, vinyl Xmas show!
That will do it. #UMass' magical run has finally come to an end. #Stanford moves on to #NIT Champ Game with 74-64 win.
Oh dear, my Omer counting has gotten mixed up. Help me out? Today is still Tiferet w/in Tiferet? Tonight we move to Netzach in Tiferet?
How do u get 1 old lady to say the "F" word? Get another 1 to say BINGO.
as soon as my dad gives me my laptop back
The shortest war in history lasted 38 minutes. It was in 1896 between England & Zanzibar. Zanzibar surrendered.
I go to hockey games in drag. And knit. ;)
Americans spend 53.5 billion minutes a year on Facebook, wow
Do you have a special St. Pat's Day coffee? The parade is Saturday,Good coffee and parades are a great match!
Also Pacers size & D effect? RT : Bosh effect: Heat shooting 37.7% in the halfcourt vs Ind. Shot 43.8% vs Knicks in round one
Come real
Please welcome AsianSwingers to the Max life
lmao you know you like that shit daddy
the outpost store that sits right below the PUP office in fountain sq. weren't a lot, so I would go soon if you can
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Sending my love to the east coast. <3
thank you for the help and info my friends.
#marc12 ready for talk by randy bass!
They have free coffee and soda here? Seems counter productive.
Shaping up to be a great day. Now to enjoy the one week break then back on my scholastic grind.
Observation: plumbers do not chew on their finger nails.
Strong coffee brewing, hip-hop playing, stuff-getting-done-sort-of-ing: welcome to Wimpole Street Writers monday mornings.
NBC Miami just reported that you won the NBA finals! #congrats Is that 2 in a row now??
best. day. ever
Work desk lunch is the WORST lunch. Flavoring everything with tears.
BnF offering a week in Paris for a web archiving workshop
you are seriously going to be the most precious teacher EVER <33
YOUR WELCOME
Oh hey thunder.
Man, this guy is screaming at his girlfriend on the train. I worry for her. She needs to leave him. Stat.
That feeling's back.
I'm gonna die ogmgngf jesus lord help me
keep on dancing till the world ends!(:
I just assume they are wearing it to hide their communication with the schizophrenic voices inside their heads.
The fact that I dwell on wordly things (grades, relationships, image, etc) is a reflection of me not comprehending God's love
Still interested in carrying a banner? We would love your (plus friends) help! Please e-mail at .
Heard on univision this morning that 2% of the nations organ donors are undocumented, but for the most part are not allowed to receive
Bad start to 2nd Q by the #Nuggets taking fade away Js. Can't be passive. Must be aggressive vs
MT : Obama injected Race, INFLAMING the tragedy! DISGUSTING!!bG // Jeez buddy. It's called EMPATHY.
what are the odds of pre-orders for the opening day scarves to then be picked up on game day?
aha of course.
Kim is delusional and should do something productive with her life.
#wordsthatwillgetyousome are you from tennessee? cuz your the only ten i see
awesome!! :D
Packinlg for the district of columbia! :)
No, but he will very soon I'm sure!!
I have to balance Tim LaHaye with Taylor Swift. Isn't that right, ?
thanks and same for u
THE BEST COMPLIMENT IN GAY WORLD " YOU LOOK FABULOUS!!" LMFAO
yep and i cant hate on that. but were talking about NOW and last year. yall will be back but its gonna take some yrs
for a minute I thought you were referring to Waldo!
Congratulations to our very own Lauren RS Birkel and on their Ironman finishes!
He will probably spend the next three months talking about how late it was and maybe some kind of of bullshit like how it's too late.
you wanna come work with me? I'd make you my tool girl. :)
wanna go on a date?
haha. I also need it to communicate with people outside. I just called my mom in the casita to ask her a question. :)
When I first begin this class with this state, I didn't thin that Louisiana had that much crime...until now! I'm truly shocked!
To all the students who failed in high school; just remember 2 things... 1. You tried your best 2. I don't like onions on my Big Mac
never understood why some teachers gets so pissed when you have your hood on..
People use FAQ pages as crutch, to put content that doesn't go anywhere else - see also 'about us' page.
Hey how is tomorrow looking for coming back?!? <3
yea I love makin money... Got a shopping habit to support<U+E405>
Hot temper, with the shortest fuse you . .
They say: you don't know what you've got until it's gone. Truth: You knew exactly what you had, you just never thought you'd lose it.
Mulberry did it to us this year.
shouldn't you be clinging to your child?
Take it too the Head!
enjoy and let us talk soon
"What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: High voltage towers and cabling cris- crossing the landscape."
YUM. The kimchi fried rice at the end is AWESOME.
SANTA BARBARA ! Tonic Glow party this Thursday . Gonna be crazy fun
The Sun made an appearance put a smile on my face! and the best part got to talk to some nice folks it touched my heart.
Feeling good and happy. Wishing you the same. xo <3 xo
I'm sorry :( ill vote for chile if you want me too!
Science CST today...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
BHAHAHA! Love it! You always find the funniest stuff, I swear.
Special good luck wishes to in the NFL draft!
Allergies have invaded my body!
If you know more, please share. Just moved here from SD a few months ago
Yoshis 3 days GO NOW Puerto Rican All-Stars w/Alfredo De La Fe+Ritchie Flores. LP recorded Alfredo in 80s...Get the CD at www.lpmusic.com
thank you Evelyn!!
sometime you just got to do u
Check out my interview with ! He comes up with a killer show idea! //t.co/9SVLSYFy
DREADFUL start for the #Yotes. Did they think they were playing in the Eastern Conference Finals?
Busy day and night
HAPPY MEXICAN MOTHERS DAY
Yes!This is why I love you, short man. “:Just broke the exit sign in the plane with my head, only a few times it sucks to be big”
Apparently Bryce Harper slammed his bat against the dugout wall after striking out. Bat recoiled and hit him in face, needed 10 stitches.
Uh oh, that sounds like trouble! ;)
It's important to address your users accurately in each market you plan to enter. Create internationally friendly forms.
Heading to NYC tomorrow. starts this weekend and I'm hoping to check it out. Any film suggestions?
Talking babies rule.
30 Probation sucks, but I'll do it for the Heat! RT : remember, you're on double secret probation.
After five years they give him a brush!
Headed back to the ville!
Second student this quarter who has told me that they've found the stuff I've taught them useful for other classes.
I guess they allow anyone to be a donor. Hope these kids don't inadvertently procreate!
Brand new everything coming our way for Fresh Kics. NEW website & business cards coming end of May. New designs & factory location in June!
It's Simp Shady
You ain't never told no lie, you ain't never told no lie.
Ditto MT : Fucking fuck. East Village veg-standby, Kate's Joint, has closed. Genuinely sad. So much history with that place.
the hang over is strong with this one!
Stay tuned for information on the upcoming 2012 Spring lecture series in the February newsletter!
Sorry we are missing the #brewerwedding. Congrats to & his bride
“: #MentionTo your friend who treats you like a child.”
dm me ... Ima get into detail . Since we being real doll
RT : Who wants to win Bruce Springsteen tickets? Come to Knighthawks Legends Night at Thurs Night!
Seriously, NHL, I don't care about the Flyers or what they have to say right now. Or ever, even. So quit retweeting them.
If you don't "mean" it, then don't fucking say it. You may have the freedom of speech, but you also have the right to remain silent.
Dear Twitter, is there a way to pay for tickets to specific shows at Tom Tom Fest? Or must I pay $55 for Here We Go Magic, etc?
Do I really need all these hearts?
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill
": here's to the kids who have dirty minds." I saw this as I heard someone say, "Just go ahead and put your meat on there."
existentialism doesn't scare me.
Francisco! That's fun to say!
Hey actives don't forget business meeting at 615! See you at FCC!!
Mountain lion sighting on Sweetwater River trail. About 2.5 miles from steel bridge. About a 50 lb cat.
sorry. At conference. Back soon.
that was original?
Single dumbest sports marketing move? The now Brooklyn Nets not going with "Brooklyn Ballers" as their new team name.
Luv u more! RT : Happy Anniversary to my favorite couple !!!! I luv u guys:))))
Whoa! Saw some of her Twitter Followers. Not supporting X escort services! Block. Block. Block.
I'm a good value in 2nd rd. Retired in '06 to focus on bball bench & lawn mowing, but scored 2 td's in 8th grade
¤As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what men do. -Andrew Carnegie
Trying to write music while your eardrum twitches is like trying to paint while your eye twitches. Or drive with foot spasms.
Opening my heart and loving deeply.
if by ruin you mean incredibly amazing then you would be correct.
Ok I'm late to tweet about Michelle Obama coming to Spelman, but I'm still excited. Congrats class of 2011!
humbled for the follow back
done... Dm yours
Tibbo: Digital Curators as a profession bridge many different functions in an institution, particularly content and technology
got our new agents access and even a discount, thank you Zopim (let us know when the next update is coming!)
Home at a decent hour (considering) and not reeking of smoke makes me happy.
RT : the cost of improving your internal engagement will be measured in how collaborative your organization actually becomes
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. ~Hugh Downs
haha I love that.
;; sigh .. This guy I really like was acting so freakn sweet when him and I was alone , but now that we're with his bro(cont)
I mean I guess they need an education to make us money so they can put us in a luxurious retirement home--
Love that!
Todays interviews have prooved to be a waste of time. Maybe tomorrow we will have better luck.
We love Austin! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Austin!
commack idol was awesome
Pretty busy schedule for this evening and then a party tonight!
": it really is!" Save me some
Joe Watkins on MSNBC: "It's a victory for America". No. Bastard.
Yeah, me too. Luckily I think it was just due to some funky food I ate; it seems to have resolved on its own. Huge relief.
Twitter on this phone is sweet.
Good thing Im single. Thanks to I have a site to look for a vendor in the future. Maybe...
Article Marketing - Three Easy Tips to Create the Most Compelling Titles for Your Articles
Ok I don't get it what do I do if I want to say something about some ones tweet do I reply or retweet? I'm so lost
It's hard to tell these days if people are terrorists or conceited.
i know i'm wrong. forgive me pa!
wouldn't sweat it. It had more to do w/ people being anxious to hear ur decision so impatience set in. They'll get over it
it was a pretty intimate show. All acoustic
which was your favorite tonight during #fashionstar ?
We would like to take the time to Thank everyone who made it possible. Without our amazing supportive customers/fans we wouldn't be here!
Just when you thought the #brewers were gonna have the #1 play on Hamilton has to go and hit 4 home runs...jerk.
I wonder why the #WashingtonRedskins selected
Not me-- but 2 allegedly surly looking youths have stoked them into a property-protecting rage worthy of a David Lynch movie.
Who are you more of a fan to? RT for Austin Fav for Justin Tweet me something if you just can decide!
Just had a fantastic meeting with about the New Event. More to follow in the coming days...
follow us
where you at though
......hahahahahaha! you're too stupid!
How are ya???
#ewa12 is gonna be awesome! see you tomorrow!
Thank you Daddy God for ya grace and mercy thank you affirming me
Snuggling with the puppy before a very early 3am alarm. Rough turnaround after working normal hours the last few days!
"mama said nothing good happens after midnight" lol if its just 2 people chilling I don't think its alright
I'm sorry I mean I love all the crews but MWC or Elektrolytes really deserve to win <3
come on stupid penalty im def gonna have a heart attack
On way to NYC
Usher is going for that Euro disco crowd with this track
yea ... If that were my daughter shed stay indoor forever lol!
Just finished booking my ticket to Dallas, Texas this summer. I am looking forward to my travels.
Coaches are masters at making half time adjustments. We are in double over time when it comes to eliminating CROWN first tackles.
FACT: Kissing burns 6.4 calories a minute...
Citrix Engineer needed for either Contract, Contract to hire, or Direct Hire. All levels needed for growing clients!
I had one of those once upon a time..
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwoods.
like, i would cuddle my teddy right now except the love it radiates is superficial and plain and Mike Kelley helped me understand that.
Watched an episode of and remembered how much I like the show - hurray documentary evidence!
This movie is scarier than any horror movie i've ever seen. #jumanji . wtf abcfamily ??
bringing in 6 mos. of free rent for tenant clients is proving easier than one thought!
I don't like when ppl do my laundry. That's how you loose/shrink your favorite shirt
are they original songs? :)
I think you could set Robin and I down in nearly any city and we'd find the dive bar.
Second Half begins USA 0, Mexico 1.
I have a canon powershot and really like it. Easy to use and takes great shots.
Last day of vacation-- back to work tomorrow! Going to Half price books new location in brookfield.
I hate writing lists. They only reveal the big picture and cause more stress.
Thanks for all the love everybody. Make sure you check out my mixtape titled " The Seed". New material from me coming soon.
You never really stop loving someone… you just learn to try to live without them.
" -- NEEDS WORK ON A LINCOLN LS" - ok, DM your #. Will hit you up this weekend
It was awesome meeting with you guys at your concert! Any advice for an aspiring singer? Moving to Nashville in the Fall!
I hope creator doesn't get fined or thrown in slammer, either. This has stirred up my interest in the "real."
Today is Circus Day. The Barnum & Bailey Circus was formed on this date in 1881. It joined with the Ringling Brothers Circus in 1907.
Star Wars.
Why does it seem like everyone upset with me cause I choose to let the Lord handle this situation instead of taking matters into my own hand
He want that cake!
Can't. Stop. Reading. #countofmontecristo #hooked(again)
Dinning Room Set $ 279.- HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! up to 65% off !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
LETS GO BIRDS!!! Should be 3-0
Did eat u said u wasn't gone do no more smh
Time to die.
Why is Chipotle so damn good??
I never got the point of rappers & entertainers having a huge entourage. Whats so good about having a bunch of useless people around you?
make sure you go the #extramile it is always a less crowded road!
all night ?
I love you. Thank you so much for inspiring me and telling us to always follow our dreams! Please follow me.
If I was there I'd back you up! :(
they recently wrote that Nancy Keenan was stepping down cuz she didn't think y fems were in the fight, when that's so not true
with our logo? let's talk ;) RT: If I get "F R Y S A U C E" tattooed on my knuckles, do I get free LBB for life?
Hey JJ -- you came up in my Twitter feed and wanted to say hello. How's Nashville?!?
wait, wait...HOLD DAFUQ UP. Zayn has officially admitted that hes back wit Perrie!?!
Mr. Clean magic erasers saved my life, my wallet and my bathroom floor.
Ha! True. Let's just say I'm the same age as everybody else from now on. ;-)
That sucks :( good ass movie too. I'd flip if that happen to my Fight Club lol
Annapolis is overflowing with support for the arts in Maryland at the 14th Maryland Arts Day!
justin and those leather pants will be the death of me .
Great buys in #Orlando. Housing market heating up!
BCS title game: 9 point first half and no. 1 can't get passed midfield. Thanks BCS...
Oh ok!
I had dreams about corn bread
haha. With a beard like that, it's no surprise he wins the wikipedia disambiguation battle. My own rivals: mostly sportsmen
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense
When you know someone is lying, it becomes entertainment.
I love Coach Carter. I could watch it everyday and it wouldn't get old
I just bought a shirt that says Team Snooki down the shore . :)
I love life in general...sometimes it gets u down though
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
what is a side nigga?
and the award for 'best dressed in class' goes to ..,
Lol I'm retarded.
Happy birthday <3 you are such and inspiration<3
It is better to give than to receive
needs more followers...come on and tweet me! :-)
I can report that the Russian Imperial Stout means business.
whoa, whoa, whoa. why did it take me this long to follow !?!?
You have come here to this life for a reason, & the purpose is to #discover as much #LovingKindness as possible. What #purpose is greater?
Cut five vocal tracks for the new CD and just got back from a great run.... it was an awesome day!!
You're so fancy today.
"Dats my chick" by feat. RT : WHATS YOU FAVORITE SONG ON THE RADIO????
You ARE social media!
Late nights listen to some Janis as I drift into dreamy unconsciousness
Hi , we should connect and share ideas on recruiting! Go #ADP and Go #TheRightThing!
I LOVE YOUR TEETH SO PERFECT AND WHITE AUSTIN!!!! I CANT BELIEVE!! i have never seen you without braces...
Testing out some Sass to implement in my next project.
Working with Steve at SKGraphicDesign - He's Awesome! Check him out!
come supoort #NABJ and #PRSSA on thursday for the event what is PR anyway ? CHECK OUT NEW AVI
Think of the last time #you tripped. You didn't trip the exact same way again, did you...? You probably haven't fallen the same way either.
#cataloging a box of dusty newspaper front pages from 1980. New York was pretty intense back then, eh?
Jobless Claims Tumble to Lowest Level Since 2008:
A couple of days ago it was 60F. This morning is 23F. Apparently nature doesn't understand gradual acclamation.
For #christmas I just like having family time no gifts needed @ all... Family is more important than gifts any day...
Wishing everyone a Happy Holi!
haa. I see you got some pudding ;)
"hell yeah we have a substitute teacher!" "EVERYBODY SHUT UP AND SIT DOWN!!!" "OH SH*T!" O___o
& plus, she got me a car for graduation. The one I wanted, she's the best ever. :)))
RT : #ltny LegalTech NY starts tomorrow. Don't miss all the excitement! See you at The Hilton New York Hotel!
Best back in the day cafe this week!
What a week for eating...MarketHouse tonight, Joe's on Wednesday, Farmhouse Tavern on Friday and possibly Avec on Saturday. Wow!
you seriously call that first shift?
thanxxx a lot for your support!
looking forward to your tweets for
I'm 100% positive this show is going to rock my world. Can't wait!
It is very classy indeed! Are the students taking to it? (This librarian clearly needs to get her nose out of the Gaylord)
The Applications Are In: CCOs Will Be in Every Part of Oregon - The Lund Report
Happy Holidays! Catching the Spirit!
Stop by our booth #736 at the NWFA wood floor expo this week in Orlando FL.
We're so lucky to have had 50 years of delicious Chocolate Shoppe ice cream in #Madison!
I thought so. I just read a great book where the author talks about her experience with them. I think it was them.
Celebrating 's big 2-1 tonight! Gonna be a good time.
Spent a good portion of today finding a a new shelving or storage unit. Nothing temporary this time- finally had success!
I love Kevin Young's game.
That feeling when you want to tell someone something but you're afraid of what might happen.
be glad when have my little cousin .
Hey this is Maricarmen fill free to call me anything please keep bad comments to yourself (: ~ Maricarmen
Live and direct. Shout us out any guests you want us to get on the show. Feel free to DM away. Thanks as always for tuning in. J-Luv
most cases of cervical cancer are easily treatable if diagnosed early (Wikipedia, 2012)
The paperwork to open a distillery of our size is mind boggling. The TTB folks are REALLY helpful though.
TGIF the 2 springers are plotting against me eyes heavy glazed; jaw stern, lips sag in disgust not the usual FU let go smile heavy
via : Trying to figure something out...
Murray updates please!!
Here&#39;s to hoping the Philadelphia Eagles got this pick right
im wit it bruh bruh lets get it
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The court can issue court orders, but the court can't issue a personality transplant for your ex. :)
That's OK. You only have to return it to one violent lunatic. If it existed. Which it doesn't.
Thanks for the follow.
no y wud i be
and that wasn't even the worst of what she wrote (that material goes in the book!)
I wrote a story with detectives, their names were HARRY COX & DICK smalls. My teacher read it over the announcements though the whole school
No problem :) Thanks for making it.
Great panel discussion with brilliant and unselfish professionals!
woke up quick, at about noon, just thought that i had to be in compton son
I am pretty good. Busy as usual. I was just talking about you yesterday. When are you moving back? :)
I was proud to meet w New York City Fire Officers Assn. members today. They're truly NY's Bravest, helping lead the world's best fire dept.!
Even fiber-rich ones? RT MT There's more nutrition on cardboard than dry breakfast cereal folks...
we are at New China in Chinatown. Checking in on foursquare
Why don't ppl learn .
Waking up at 1 on the weekends >>
please please please wish me a happy birthday tomorrow PLEASE
eep RT : MT : "it's on a hard drive, in a vault, and we're crossing our fingers" not preservation for born-dig materials
My brothers sleeping in my floor
Is this what you call a family?
i wanna roll you into a little ball & shove you in my vagina. you could just live there.. it's warm.. it's cozy.
Playing 26-2 in the left hand and Confirmation in the right shows hand independence but sounded gimmicky not musical.
Less than 24 hours remaining until the NBA Trading Deadline. What moves should the Cavs make, if any?
Listen before you speak and react; try again before you give up; forgive before you love and live before you die.
I'm not sure what time things are wrapping up here, but there will be after-parties. I'll get the loc for you soon!
Room for two more for Carnitas Class on May 5. Make Carnitas. Learn about chilis. Pair with craft beer. Proceeds benefit UC Davis. Cheers!
I'm in the damn jungle making a TV show for what seems like forever. At least there's fresh fruit and randomly a cat. Cats in the jungle.
#ILoveMyMother because at the end of the day, she will always be there for me. No matter what.
My mom is getting on my nerves already and she just got here. lol
Good morning and happy Thursday :-)
Good Morning! We are one day closer to Friday! Happy Friday Eve everyone! We hope you continue to have a productive week!
nothin ..... i got work tomorrow
I thought it was funny!
Happy New Year and I hope it's your best year ever!!
"Resumania" is a term to describe errors made by job seekers on resumes, applications and cover letters. Like this one: "OBJECTIVE: To o…
you have some good looking boys! Happy mothers day momma jonas!
BIG welcome to all the Casting Directors / Talent Agents who've joined the site today...something's in the water!
My first earthquake and I didn't even feel it.
be sure to DL our free app for iphone or android for all your ballpark trips! Info on parking, concessions, local bars, & more
no didn't see that one until now but thinking of upgrading to it. Love bubble baths and champagne!
Not even thinking about it, I scheduled focus groups on Memorial Day.
If there was a study researching long-term effects a Mac&Cheese and Crab Rangons diet -I'd sign up in a (one of my few remaining) heartbeat.
Ugh, This nigggguh
Happy anniversary to my Dad and Step-mom today! Such a great example of love :)
Dude on the bus is rapping hard as hell but not saying anything lol.. go 'head playa
Layed in my bed for an hour and a half after a woke up cause my ipod just kept playing good tunes
Sadly, but when I feel lonely or just useless, I always listen to sorrowful songs, that make me feel ever worse.
Happy birthday to the gorgeous ! Have a great day sugarr. :)
88 Rouget Echezeaux saves the day! Beautiful fruit and spice. Great showing!
We have paid spots coming up for clean comics at a spectacular, high profile, Hollywood hot spot. Send queries to
Aw, thank you so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Totally just saw cory from that's so raven at the casino... awesome!
Anit where I want to be but I gOt a few Hun... ROzAy Boss!!!!
Cleaning the house
NP - TOO COOL ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
New servers will be up this week and broadcasting our Stations. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused everyone.
omg im going to tell my mom
Skittles are gone
hit me up on my dm niglet
After wrapping my brain cells around my action script "Donors" for 16 hours over past three days, I'm back to Tweeting and fucking around.
Hey, um Austin? I got a question. Serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
Thanks to Mrs.chunkys fatt ass sitting in her desk all year eating, im going to fail today.
I'm in love with this O'Quinn kid. Nicest dude ever. Helps every Mizzou player up right away
LOL. You're funny today.
The Artist brings artistry back to filmmaking . . . makes me miss the year teaching film and editing.
Don't you hate it when your foot falls asleep?
Teaching a comics/cartooning course this week at the prestigious Sidwell Friends school in DC for the 3rd year in a row. Always a fun gig!
Wats up Twitter i c ppl rdy to c me do features with alot of great ppl shit look tweet me n another star you want to do feature
LOL Drink a glass for me!
those wigs hurt my soul
Goes to show you how often I play... I just assumed it was from weeks ago! Haha.
We're so glad you joined us!
His ass is fine though. twerk that ass nigs.
MERRY XMAS GIRL!
Im chargin A $1000 for a show can u afford date.and thats just One show amagine wat My tour gon make
Guess who won $100....
Wonderful, Sehul! How many semesters?
True actually. When I was researching, I came across some unpleasant phrases as well :/
Am I really turning 35 tomorrow? Say it ain't so!! Lol But I know one thing I thank God to have made it another year!!!
We need a pet store downtown #Seattle I want to get a gold fish so f*ing bad & now need to rent a car to drive to the burbs 4 one.
Rondo you're an idiot
They also only have 1 dman capable of helping them sustain offense
onus on govt to work out how to harness energies of newly empowered citizens
indeed i did. it'll be quick.
I know man D:
I KNOW! LOL. That's what I mean! I'm all OKC. Haha.
“: Romney is speaking at Liberty's graduation tomorrow. They know he is Mormon, right?”// But he is a Southern Mormon so it's ok
Yup you got it!! :-) Nicely Done!
$$$ARLERT$$$ BMSPF LOW FLOATER IN PLAY MONDAY
Ran into and at the MARN event. All the best people are here!
Ah who run the world? Girls lol.
looking forward to movie on the lawn tonight with the fam!
Happy Father's Day weekend to everyone! Also, love and gratitude from many to Azim Khamisa.
Little did u know the vending machine in the lobby stays open late and they have bear claws for $1.
Happppyyy birrtthhdaaay to my baby day :-*
Is Leyland's idea of small ball the right idea to jump start the offense? 248-848-1130.
Still haven't seen the #Avengers. Should I see it before it leaves theaters?... Well, I want popcorn...Who wants to go with me?! :D
The last 4 articles I read were abt digital media hires on both sides of the aisle and prez campaigns. It's that time again
23 days to go :) looking forward to returning home and being where we want to be.
Getting on the bus tomorrow night with Keith & Kristyn Getty to go hang out at Metro Conference in Dallas on Wed. You there?
RT : S/O to all my friends who came to support me tonight. Loved how you guys camped out behind center, made signs, and cheer ...
send your address.
Call in and dont suck! hahaha RT : now that your following me is a guest spot on coming?
Dick Werthimer~ The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Why is the FedEx print online site moving at the speed of dial up?
so ... Email::Sender::Server is insanely bloated software, ... I blame the author (me)... moving on, ... lets trim the fat
Thanks for supporting a FUTURE LEADER in martial arts! Vacation with us in the ATL at Battle of Atl! see www.battleofatlatna.i
Still obsessing over "Vision of Love" lol
I can see already they bout to be scrappy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, hope you have a Great day!!
you were the only person who said something about drake on my timeline . it'd be SICK if you guys did a song together (:
:) glad! Your almost there!
2 all d single mothers out there 2 day is ur day ****HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ****
A4: Keeping that longview, focusing on the macro of what we're doing here. A collaborative economy, integrated lives, creativity...
not yet, just identified problem.
Niagara falls is hands down the coolest thing I've seen this year
:) Just Smile.
Any committed musicians in Tucson, AZ looking to play in Draw One Card, leave a wall post on Facebook.com/DrawOneCard so we can talk!
i like movies that work as movies.fiction can do much more with narrative. not that i'd find strong narrative a weakness in a movie
Look for God
Oh really? o.O haha Hows that workin out for ya?
Having a gastronomical tour today, Japanese for lunch and Indian for supper with and
SAME HERE BRO, IM LOOKING FOR FEMALE FIGHTERS. I WILL LET YOU KNOW ANY INFO I GET. HAVE A BLESS DAY
"They love to tell you stay inside the lines, but something's better on the other side"
A Starbucks frappicino sounds amazing right now
Startin a new phrase called R.A.W.L= Rappers Against Wack Lyrics Join the Team!!.lol
From everyone at The Messages Project to you: Have a safe and happy Easter weekend with your family!
Now, that I think about it, I think this is the first day I have stayed home all year.
Wow, jacked up price for slow, choppy inflight wifi to $18. That's high enough for me to 2nd-guess. Never did before.
Welcome to 1975.
We often tell people what we do as we see it (sales pitch) rather than explain what we do as our clients experience it (testimonial).
How Long are you staying in Chicago for!?!?
when did tackleberry die???
What an unbelievable experience. Body shut down at about 9.5 mile mark. 2:16:37 final time! I'll be back
Blow up my mentions!
Would love to learn more.
Going for a run, trying to coax spring into arriving sooner vs later.
Its soo annoying when people mumble.
Hey thanks! We are pretty pumped about the logo as well! The news is exciting!
Yep havent opened it yet and yeah i never stopped haha
Dear plz, tell me, What I must do, because I want you to fallow me. ; ) Kisses.
Follow my new page now for a quick follow back!
I heard you fuckd yo friend is it tru??
Craziness...": North Korea moves all 3 stages of a long-range rocket into position for a controversial April 12-16 launch"
dont wanna revisit it in a few
420 bitches with sam
I'm glad it went well. A lot of people called the station so I assume that means even more on your end
Hour 2 is underway on the show! will now be joining us for #NBAplayoff talk at 11:30.
Taco Bell and Mountain Dew. Doesn't get much better than that. :)
I told my youngest daughter, "Dont be a smart mouth." Her response, "E=MCsquared." Smh lol! God, I love my kids! :-D
Getting ur wisdom teeth pulled sucks
So I guess the good thing about living in a hurricane zone is that I can report on it?
np! today... building websites! and perhaps brainstorming some ideas, how bout u??
they score 6 runs this weekend. Wow. KC owns this sad ass hitting team. 6 runs in 26 innings against KC who has a weak pitching stf
I have no clue what i want to go to college for and thats not good :/
Anderson Silva is getting rocked!
We're in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Great News!!!!
you were right the first time.
"When words fail, music speaks" - Willie the Shake
of which it was commanded, 'Do not partake of it,' cursed are my formations for your sake,
Sorry for all of the language Twitter.
I left my computer for 3 minutes...& good things happen! LOL Unfortunately, I can't leave every half inning with Batista comes in
wtf...hell no I am not! RT #Aquarians believe in being honest and sincere in a relationship. They are highly possessive over their lover
nope, it's just bad in a different way. Boring bad.
spring break coming up so nervous for my tests coming up... LOTS OF STUDINGGG:)))
I don't want to talk about it
Suprising! RT : 3 of 3. Most online donors switch to #directmail giving in subsequent years.
Al to the Ladies before... the funeral I think?
omg yes
What do you have planned this weekend?
You are lost in your perceptions, emotions and thoughts. You remain a captive of your own body, mind and intellect.
Help spread our group on! Two days left! . . . Please?!
Glenn. You have finally stopped using His name in vain. It's not time to counsel other on that one yet. I was trying to lighten it up be ...
LOL. Like I said, I think it is more common place in other countries, but I tend to agree with you. We get screwed up enough :)
Clippers advance to the semi-finals. Woo hoo! I love L. A. Basketbal!! <3
Tune into the Jordan Rich Show tonight - WBZ 1030AM as we discuss what to give people who never acknowledge/appreciate your gifts.
That...seems unlikely. But I am excited for seders! And soup! And that won't go away.
You know you're in love with someone when all you want is for them to be happy.... even if your happiness isn't part of theirs.
!|!+|_ AVOID THE LINE... CUM EARLY....$2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Some inspiring presentations today kicked offed by Tony Hsieh CEO of Zappos.com, follow post
So that's how you roll...a walking billboard! Truthfully, tho, I would wear an ACDA polo.
I don't understand why family members get so mad when you block them off your facebook page. They clearly can't keep shit to themseleves.
Optimizing for local -- in your meta tags make sure you provide individual geo locations and link to those property pages.
Broke my ribs at the deer valley skatepark in AZ!
#sljsummit Selznick: possibilities for narrative in tech that don't exist in traditional book format: together they teach you how to read
Happy Friday everyone! What's the plan for today?
Tweet UP in the Castle tonight! Leave us your twitter name at the reg desk so we can add you. Let's put a face to your tag!! Please RT
#libday8 starting to wrap things up before heading home soon
thank you for the mention! :)
At my last class of semester and were doing our Science project this morning. Hurry up professor everyone wants to leave #
So..how was your day? :)
1 in 2 men will be diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime and 1 in 3 women will be.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Why do people get mad at others when their broke? I can't help I did the right things in life to land me were I am. Do better.
would be awesome but then he would NEVER get reelected
I need to have a dog ass session!
congrats! we look forward to a great
It's so fun! The girls are working the catwalk...Tyra would be so proud!
Hello new friend! Happy Wednesday!
Has to find a place for March 1st or April 1st, looking for an affordable one bedroom in the #Seattle area... NEED HELP! :)
Happy birthday lady!!! Hope you had fun last night xo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Always stick up for yourself!!
Claire Redfield and Curtis Miller are both members of Terra Save, a non-governmental human rights organization (RE: Degeneration).
Approx. 2500 orphan drugs approved to date with an average trial size of 100 patients. Jim Healy
You are sicklicious! <3 ya Alec!
almost positive we'll be taking that room but I'll see my parents tonight so I'll double check! Can't wait x
I have never heard of Jerry Coleman
Desperately in need of a vacation. Thank goodness #Philly is in 9 days. Until then, happy hour it is- even if it's raining
Eli Manning: "[We] just won a championship yet I'm still the third most-talked-about quarterback in my own city."
true indeed!
Working like its my job....
How old is your little one?
tweet me sometime Chris!(: or text me!(: I'll dm you my number! Exclamation mark! <3
My boy that lives somewhat around my way. He raps & just came out with the Mixtape #CirocLife that's on
I wanna! Mamas being mean doe because I'm driving her car.
the dog in the background looks like a doll. Looks so tired too.
um, well, it's def raunchy (aka soft porn), but i really like the story line
Lord have mercy RT : Nyjer Morgan heading out to left field. Braun out. Bad day gets worse for
-- looked so AMAZING on this morning!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Long time no tweet...love you all :-)
Glad to hear it! I'm about to book the Venetian for the academic version of Fear & Loathing in LV :-D
Support the Fight against Cancer. 100% of 160z online CloSYS oral rinse profits to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
Last night's show in Green Lake was a lot of fun, but I'm really looking forward to playing tonight at one of my favorites: Luna on Vashon.
": Latest news on housing market 24% underwater. REO's sell for 36% below market value short sales 15%.
oh well
cnnctd+100 event is kinda nuts.
u didnt txt me
thnx so much! We r playing a small show on May 11th @ Plough & Stars in SF to kick off our CD release campaign. U shld come! Ya?
Google Argues for Dismissal of Authors’ Book-Scan Lawsuit
just saw the show! Come drink dude! On me
came close to having double dosage there
Voting for ArtWalk ends at NOON TODAY! Join us at 5pm for the Winners Announcement at 18 N. th Street! The suspense is killing me
hacker poker night round 2 dec 16 via -- link to fb page?
thanks for the plug!
It's too nice out for me to be at work all day
Don't bitch about your reputation if you still going to live up to it.
buzz within the craft beer community, lots of prominent craft brewers are experimenting with them, etc. = big potential
oh, i forgot about my pic with that you saw. i've never had a picture of myself as a profile pic.
#10 "I'm too tired. This IS a vacation."
Listening to the show about debut last night on #WWE Raw is even better the 2nd time. I smell what The Rock is cooking!
Twilight Imperium. Not as good as its made out to be. You need to clear an entire afternoon. Or day with the expansion.
HOPE U ENJOYED THE PROVINCES BRO!
: Glad you like the BigOven App! I'm the founder/author. Any suggestions welcome.
#idol If you have the results DVRd, go back and watch Hollie say "Yeah, that's right!" to Colton when they said Jessica's name! True colors.
lol , me too but some people just dont enjoy it.
Do you have any appearances scheduled for this weekend in California?
Atleast I tried
Give Joe Buck a 5hour energy drink, I think he's sleep talking...
earthquake felt Hickory section of Chesapeake. Chandelier swinging etc.
Musée de la Chasse is the move-in ready hôtel particulier of my dreams.
follow for some seriously hilarious tweets
in my experience I had to pay income taxes on Unemployment wage benefits. My wife, tho, agreed that $40/wk isn't employment.
i did not get an email...do u have my email addr?
Good call! RT : Debbie on FB meant stop lookin bc they tend 2 show up when ur not lookin! :) as 4 now let's stop the suicide talk!
But yes, that would be -1 to getting shot, +1 to getting a bad shot.
Ready or not, life goes on...
Peep 's new project, it's fresh... www.o-dmusic.com
a common complaint of ff, but memory is so cheap and plentiful these days that that doesn't bother me.
Just saw a commercial for baby bottle pop... Wtf
Watching the vow again (:
I actually sent this question to the SKC radio show. I think the over-confidence lies more within the fans than it does the players
titelles room is too dirty for me to share any ways
Hey salsa dancers, how do you do that hip-thing? I can't figure out hip-thing. Help with hip-thing! This is in reference to hip-thing.
Just found out Sharmeen Obad Chinoy is a fellow 7 Sister! Congrats on your Oscar!
Shout out to my big Homie the real a real
Have you seen her body slam a spoiled bitch into a dumpster yet?
Boo at the parting dig at Detroiters.
A long day, working on the book of Ruth, thinking about global Judaism. Glad to be home.
The phone seem to ring longer when you ignoring somebody call...
was that supposed to hurt my feelings? hahaha
Good morning, Princess!! How are you? Shall I send over some Chai?
That tweet made no mention of NC, nor was it meant to. Just a comment on a common phrase. Not sure what you're talking about.
4/24/1794->T. Jefferson: Nothing is more wanting than a thorough knowledge of [vegetation] by which the usual&inadequate modes may be aided
ya know just laying here, sick.. waiting for a follow back from that I probably won't get /:
the things we do to get men's attention...
RT : Dont be too long crying over anything. Things u're crying about right now sometimes are things you'll be grateful for later.
The HMP Difference: (Step 1) Total commitment to providing C-Level attention throughout each assignment by experienced healthcare executives
Protip: When ordering a value meal from a fastfood restaurant, ask for an icee or a milkshake rather than a soda. You will never regret it.
It really annoys me when I move my car for street cleaning, & 2 hrs later, it's abundantly clear the sweeper never came
I think if you do the most & you make the most you are the best
I guess I'll watch the
I think I knew that... obscure "Office Space" reference.
I'm riding to the Elite Eight in the clubhouse pool.
Not talking to in 3 days <<<<
Drinking platinums before I ice rory tonight. It's happening.
Yeah it is :P So how's life?
Today in 1937, #Houston City Council agrees to buy Telephone Rd. and adjacent land for a future municipal airport.
not much. Chillin with my kids. Just checkin in with ya
I have a Real DumbA$$ cousin that is a Kentuckian that is a FLA fan burns me to the core of my being I don't get it!
Do you have the link? :3
Some people never stop serving #alanperez here from the Dominican, serving on a Saturday
A few mins for intros. Who is participating in our #indieview chat this morning?
"May I use your bathroom?" Classic K move when I'm at person of interest's house.
had another very bad day with the bullies
Man, wtf did they do to my Twitter layout? I can't find sh*t now.
I'm always up this early... Can't never sleep long.. lol
#nowplaying Robert Palmer
thats awesome stuff!!!!
hahhahahaha I remember that! God times :)
cuz I left my phone on your couch.
The library is having a reptile show. There are at least 100 kids here...
Mario Williams signs with Bills. Why didn't Texans try harder to keep him? Purely financial or injury history or both?
O, Lord, open today your hand of blessing upon the C.S. Lewis College. Guide and provide for this vision! (Re-post / retweet if you agree?)
Just finished A Dance With Dragons, hope the next arrives soon. Now back to dystopian futures.
Cuties! I am in need one of some fancy headwear. How can I get one before NYC on Sunday?!
The police call it crack I call it Diet Coke
exciting tuesday night.....
I think I've reached my "mama" quota for the day. Not sure I can respond cheerfully anymore.
mad respect for your nuggets. Growth year for you guys and an impt step.
oh, what a dumb bitch. Haha
Problems are like farts, the worst ones nobody knows where they came from and nobody wants to take the blame for them.
RT : #Bears preseason opener vs. Peyton Manning and #Broncos exactly three months from today.
"Do what is right for your members, not just what is good for your bottom line." -Mike Long, Just one more reason I love MY cu.
Finland is also known as the land of of the thousand lakes, because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this coun
Good point by Sen Schneider student is technically not enrolled on school during summer
Done! Thanks so much!
#NP Black Sheep - "Flavor of the Month". We finish writing a rough draft on them, cool group who just couldn't get by the sophomore jinx GM!
Jeez! Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies!
How r u doing. Missed u on #FF. Hope all is well & u have a gr8 Thanksgiving holiday. Mom is doing gr8-each day a little stronger.
Listening to a 'Solo Piano' Pandora station. It's great for studying and sleepiness. #mutuallyexclusive?
it just made me stronger farreal
ey, that's miss Carr to you.
Awesome that all of ptz are represented in the final four.
Good Morning Sir!
I love laying in my hammock <U+2764>
your one of a kind. & I like that (;
Green Tip: Laundry Detergent: Add ½ cup washing soda and ½ cup of Borax as washer is filling add clothes. Cleans & Deodorizes!
we talked last night?!?!?
Jesus Christ! Give me your mailing address. I'm sending you a thesaurus.
To all creative creators who create great work. Please consider submiting to the award competition.
really? thank you! x
any recommendations on netflix instant queue movies?
Hey #software #developers, I'm trying to figure out which source control #SCM is most popular? What do YOU use?
Hello all you Vegas folk... I will be in Vegas for one week and I would like to see all your faces... so let me know.
All done filming! Now time to edit!!!
thanks a lot :)
First, maybe u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps good show
Seeking a Library Executive Coordinator for a University in #DC! An MLS and administrative background is required. Resumes can be sent to…
The #zerg player goes for a fast expansion while building #zerglings to defend himself against [
that's crazy
When I don't message you. Doesn't mean.
Good road win by The Cats !!!! LSU you are next !!!!! Go Big Blue
I'll trust you with whatever you say, just don't lie to me!
Tell BoDean he's a pig!! And I mean that with the utmost respect.
SUSHI HANA, you make me feel oh so very good!
#QuoteOfTheDay: "Stop calling her a prostitute! She's a sidewalk hostess!"
do us a favor and od please
do u even realize how much i like you? you talk to me like its nothing, but yet i feel like you barely notice me. why cant you see me here?
*laughs* we discussed this!! You a beautiful amazing squash/sweet potato/strawberry..beacuse..YOLO! o.e
Thanks to the people waiting on public transportation for making this beautiful evening taste/smell like an ashtray. This butt's for you.
follow me xx
oh i feel stupid, and no why?
Self-esteem is a sickness if it gives me approval for good acts but condemns me if I fail. ~ Albert Ellis
nervous homeboy big game. D has to show up early & o-line has to hold their own & I'll feel better. Heineken in hand.
Zomg! Congrats! Where at? Enjoy all the Mon and Ted time! I hope your liver is up to it! ;)
Have fun! But don't expect those W&M tour guides to be better than the lovely Red Polos!
#INSen "#smokefree" measures let charity gamers smoke in schools by night, while kids and staff absorb toxins next morning.
One day I want to bone a guy named #Jesus so I can scream his dads name out during sex....
Why do people buy into the hype of Black Friday or Cyber Monday? Supporting such madness is a poor reflection on our society.
So if girls are liars and say they hate liars, does that mean they hate themselves? They're stuck being miserable for being dumb
Had a great time at awards. Best part: Seeing recognized on stage & finally meeting IRL!
Why do I get so many emails about viagra?
Kemba Walker is my new favorite. That guy is out of control.
alright can you get a couple people to follow me plz and thx
Looking forward to what from has to say. Maybe he brought samples! ;)
Heading to Huntsville to hear Dr. Scott of UNT in guest recital
interesting! what are you going to use for analytics instead?
Roger will be signing copies of Life Itself starting at 1PM tomorrow in the lobby of the Newberry Library in Chicago.
I don't even remember lol..
so sorry not to have responded before... We didn't get set up in Lanyrd for this year, but will recommend for next year.
No way...dev be killin at that game.
second try on its way to you now.
Word... RT : this is…..upsetting
signed x
"I'm against being against anything" - Anonymous
must be a made up stat. Damn Moneyball...ruining the game.
Oh my god you're alive! And congratulations!
Didn't mean to twist your arm. ;) Glad to have your thoughts and reflections!
So basically, every team has drafted 5 All-Pros so far, is now clearly a division favorite. Sweet.
Kicking off the #marketo boston user group
Headed to lambeau to watch the beat the crap out of the bears
<U+263A>If you can never have too many friends, or pairs of shoes. #BornToShop #OrSex hahaha...I'm jus sayin' = )
Mahel makes great move to pick up extra yards!
Since when did the people who come to Sun Tan City become soo trashy??
Yeah, saw that. Can't ever tell who he sits with. Probably there alone
#trump hates black people
“The word of a gentleman is as good as his bond; and sometimes better.” -Charles Dickens
'Cause y'all know who the fuck, what the fuck I do I done put the pressure to every thug I knew Quack quack to a duck and a chicken too
Sunflower seeds >>>>>
we have office at Glendora! for sure they love cakemamas, how can we participate to your activities?
I love your default! So ThelmaandLouiseesque;)
those side streets vary.. LA too crowded man!
Turned on Pandora for the first time today and the first song that came on was Lonely Boy. Definitely a good sign, yes?
don't change the subject!!
Happy Sunday, my friend.
Blue whales’ low-frequency pulses are as loud as 188 decibels—louder than a jet engine—and can be detected more than 500 miles away
This Saturday I'm still celebrating my Bday @ #Treasures wit pre order bottles $100 think I'm a grab a #100bottles hbu
check me and my boys out strait out of minnesota holding it down for the home town tc 651 young blocka got um ya
hunt that thing down girl! Get a picture so we have proof
What a beautiful day Chicago!!!
I went and saw Moneyball tonight, but I think I only understood about half of it. It's about football, right?
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
Glad to see that surpassed the "Sophomore Curse". Congrats!
Why is it I can date a girl for 3 years. But I can't even date a gay for 3 weeks.
We're looking forward to seeing you at #MamasDay2012!
La Mesa Police Dept. will be hosting a neighborhood forum on Jan 13 from 6pm to 8pm at Rolando Elementary School in La Mesa.
Love the eyebrows moving up and down LOL
hahaha you can't see his face tho!
Thank you.
SCOOT OUT, SON.
glad I'm not the only one that thinks it. Lol
this tomato soup was a terrible idea and it only makes me want whataburger
d#essert sounds delicious! I had molten chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream, we all deserve a splurge now and them.
Screw off Mrs. Fillmann
I tweeted and they told me we can only use it in-store :/
Decent day.
"I hate, loathe and despise schools… School is bad for you if you have any talent." --M. Sendak, prob not quoted at educ plan this morning.
Just created our first newsletter. If you want to be on the mailing list please send us your email.
Apologies for the spam I unwittingly served up yesterday!
RT : Planning for '12 & asking : What can I really impact?" (do more of that); What's not making any impact at all? (stop that.)
Loved working the #spiritawards. Great show, in a tent, on the beach in Santa Monica. What is better than that?
two quarters of med school down and you're soaking up the sun in Hawaii!! Congrats my Lo Lo, so proud of you. Get extra tan for me xo
NFL needs to start again...i've turned into a drunk this off season and i'm sick of beating in scrabble
and GI too won both in Houston and Oklahoma a few weeks ago
#KrAzY $2 DrInKs, FrEe EnTrY, FrEe #FoOd FrEe #YoGotti Tickets... WhErE tHeY dO tHaT aT? #BODIROCK #Thursday. BE THERE!
Ill be glad to take your cash. When & where?
I'm traveling back from St.Martin today but feel free to give a call..excited to have covering PUPM!
Bout to put one n da air
since when was *I* the curmudgeon here? :)
Checking out - looks neat
I made one of the choirs I wanted. Oh well, 1 sophomore made it who can just go die cause I fucking hate her. Ok. Rant over.
Earthquake freaked me out! At first I thought there was a big truck going by until the house really started to shake!!!
looking forward too it
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali. #AAHHE and LA bound in the morn!
its impressive you were Still interested prior to them
Just installed iDisk for my iPhone, everytime it finishes installing the icon changes to an app I previously deleted - any ideas?
Saw a full grown human sitting on a bench eating chicken mcnuggets. #getapalate #seriously?
Remember when pocket change was actually enough to buy things out of vending machines: A) who has cash anymore? B) $1.25 for gum- WTF?!?!?
Fuck the nazi. I hope you're all havin a blast in hell. Pretty Ironic how you're the ones burning now.
ha! Jinx you owe me a taco!
G'day mate.
- thanks you for the mention and support!
I could go for some pancakes rights now!
First mention of the desirability of a partnership with ARTstor... now that would be cool.
Just Googled: "Ring Around the Rosie".... That is some heavy sh**
And the day gets worse....almost 1100 gone...
To whom shall I re-gift this unwieldy Matisse calendar?
Ah I see. Makes more sense now. Well I do since I grew up in Morocco. It comes with the Moroccan upbringing lol.
Bus crash on Ave and 45th, not sure who's injured
What just happened?
Oh haha ha ha ha.... yea... funny stuff ha ha... I was busy ok!!! I had things to do!!!
There's sumthin wrong with it... It aint uploaded yet or sumthin. Idk...
“: Boom! 9 years sober today!” congrats!
If you really have to buy something new, make sure to sell out the old stuff to cover the cost.
It's a great day to shoot videos over here.
Pizza is my
Loved the ep where Artie got e-legs from Coach B. :)
Go on youtube and search" hey rainbow blondes just keep it jesus " and click the first link. It's pretty much awesome.
damn straight!
#55, thank you for all you did for the San Diego community. You left a mark and your legacy will live on. Thoughts & prayers to your family.
is cooking me breakfast...finally! Lol
I saw you on the UPA hashtag, but couldn't remember why I knew that avatar. Hi! If you see me around, say hello.
thanks! Miss ya bud and now you're in #htown :-(
Listening to Mumbai/Punjab match. It's going to be close, but I think Mumbai will pull through.
At work!
My eyes are burning.... not sleeping tonight...
Congrats to you!
I have a q tip fetish
Mitt Romney finds miss children! What else do you want?
WOW! Excellent call! Tepid nuts are going to revolutionize Super Bowl spreads as we know it!
speaking of "interior life" I'm now going to venture outside and put some time in doing a little yard work despite the cold+grey
Beauty is when the love of ur life smiles at you and and it makes u smile!!!
Been a busy day today. I foresee a busy weekend ahead as well!
planning to tune into NPR's All Things Considered this afternoon to hear discuss North Carolina's Amendment 1 w/ Guy Raz.
I cannot express enough how big of a game this is for Boozer's confidence. We know what Luol is capable of, but Boozer won this game.
with me!!! We need another roommate at our house on 15th & Dunn!
Sow was once Prime Minister but was thrown out by Wade. He set his own party and today he is President because promised a different Senegal.
The Avengers kicked ass. Go see it.
aye you need to check your email ASAP cause I sent you something special.
Tweet me if i haven't followed you yet :)
another lonely night studying art. caught a cool 'the graduate' homage shot at the end of an ep of the office. woot.
when I first met the both of you ; his icon
i am going to miss you too! we need to stay in touch :)
Morning Loves Well just here at mexico listening to and you guys are just amazing XD love Yall
more money, 40 year old phenom. My 5 minutes of fame stretch beyond At 42 be better than 24 wake up TO! It's time for work!!
IS NONPROFIT SALARIES SPINNING OUT OF CONTROL?
Congratulations! This looks fantastic on my iPhone.
I had my doze of LAUGHTER for today ...time to face the stressful world! Ugh
Katie! New position at Idea? We are so long overdue for a wine/catch-up sesh.
Always nice when #KingFelix blanks the other team, or any #Mariners pitchers does that really!
Imagine if loses to Cotto this weekend. And then u wake up. That aint gonna happen
When you come to the show tonight, don't be scared to ask about St. Drunken's Day. We want to spread the good news.
All I'm focused on is "stayin in my own lane".....
I know, really disturbing!
Es you here?
As a youngster, my biggest dream was to be on the TV show zoom.
Get all your snapbacks on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com x
we're going through some member changes right now, so yeah we'll need a photoshoot eventually D;
Attention, type designers: Semibold is an important weight. Please don't neglect it.
Thankf for the follow..now following back
I think this is something that comes up a lot -- is ALA's main focus #libraries or #librarians? Or a combo of both?
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun. ;)
Can't believe its sunday already where do the weekends go
i know man! I hate waking up early! Haha
Do you think the state's murder statues are too lenient? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#sschat Also when I taught religion to 6th grade we did architecture study of worship spaces & did watercolors of mosques
There's a ton of opportunity for UXers right now. Go find yourself a place that appreciates you.
Really need to get my costume together...its approaching a little too fast
I'm currently typing this by touch after just having looked at a screenshot of the iPhone 4S!
Cowboy hat cocked to the side? lol
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!"
last day? What's up with everyone leaving?
That's sad i have 800+ pics in my phone...
BEAT THE LAKERS ALREADY DAMN I WANT THEM OUT!!!!
Having a fun time hanging out at CWU!!
Thanks for the
Thanks Doreen! It is available on Amazon although they haven't received their books yet-- but should arrive any day now!
except, when I'm not. ha ha
BP topic: story boarding vs finding it in the edit. i.e. Hitchcock vs Malick.
Make sure to go follow
Just named a new genre on Pandora...#ContemporaryFusion - My work is done. Time for the weekend.
awesome! I won't forget lol! I can't wait, this gonna be a bad ass show!!!
so Jason smith thinks steelers and ravens superbowl hm I don't think so becuz well one steelers can beat texans an ravens will hostNE
pitbull and neyo sound just like the radio!!
<3 the Hecks! My husband & I howl w/laughter watching I'd almost swear the writers have our house bugged!
Team Florida!!!! Are you ready for some football ???? Look up Team Florida - Exclusive Football league.
I'm going to ninth, and I'm kinda short lol
Katie Rodgers at the Henna Party Workshop
Had so much fun at my job's holiday party! I know,
thanks for the heads up... they don't :(
Proud to be an American
Sorry, 340 tons!
Oh my gosh, thank you so much! I am so glad that you like it! Can't wait to finish it, would love to send finished cd to you
i'm so hungry
This country is run by the super wealthy, super PACs simply puts that fact in our face. Wealthy people profit from privatization~gov bashing
Looks like I owe my fans a snippet of my new song... <U+2605>
RT : Just registered for , for "name" I put "Genuine Human Who Isn't Secretly A Robot BEEP BOOP", god I hope they buy it
'If I lost my ID, where would I go?' 'Hell.'
That is cool.
Lolin at this spanish packet! ap test is going to be buenoooo
Don't over analyze be patient eventually you'll find the answer you looking for
doing the tourist thing: on a double decker bus tour of nyc
Man I love that new Subaru commercial with the dogs driving!
Emily get off the high mountain you need jesus
The BMW Tent Event will be luxurious after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Will do! Thanks!
Son preference leading to sex-selective abortion has resulted in 100,000 MILLION missing girls globally #fem2 #IWD #internationalwomen'sday
....oh. I'm at home watchin movies til I fall asleep. U left ur food ova here
You should be online... right... now....
that was one of the cutest movies ever...
thanks so much I'm new to the shift from print to online media. It's so great to connect!
I'm dead!
We had about 500 at the game. Good time...bad score.
when you fall for someone's personality everything about them become beutiful :)
let's talk money , I talk bad [;
I think we are having bueno weather this weekend here too. Awesome! Zoo time!!
you don't understanded the comedy that the sheikie baby haset. Sheikie baby is camel clutch if you followun
Happy Birthday to our #hsff bud !
Thanks for looking out for little ol' #44. ;)
Can't bust a grape, can't kick no dust.. shit..
Bottom$$$services sendin out much sucess & BLESSINGS 2 all follow Be Dollar@ facebook & lets share! Free
*stupid girl flirty giggle* I think you're really cute. And you rock those drums.
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> it used to get on my nerves when it was in the radio but I like it now.
Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day. ~RT
come teach me and I'll pay the cost of losing to u. I'm sitting alone with a dealer
Best idea ever. Increase headways on Regional Rail - 15 mins max wait time. - Andrew Stober
Winning is about hrt, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
don't go to hard or you'll wake up with an awful headache again lmaao
Mom just asked my brother if he wanted to donate sperm to a lesbian couple I know who is in the market. #merrychristmas!
Still plenty of time to hit the top 10! I know it will.
Now I gta go translate it & see for myself, lmao
We made it!!
Happy Friday,
GOODLUCK ": 21.3 is the goal tomorrow.. I can do it. #TrackNation"
You're right. Ron Paul looks like a man among lunatics.
What an amazing audience. Thank you so much to everyone who came to Endgame tonight.
carnal flower by frederic Malle is super sexy. Hope this helps!!
Happy Friday!
It's going great man, got 3 new songs & a website in the works! Would love to book another show together
Fun Fact Friday: Taking a long weekend? You'll find cheaper fares & greater seat availability if you fly on Saturday and return on Tuesday.
e-portfolio is finished! (not approved yet, but all submitted!)
I promise you im done caring about you NON-FACTORS *bHADD)
True RT : #Capricorn prefers to play the background but somehow always end up in the spotlight.
for a limited time you can buy our book for only $4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
haha of course! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0086>
Two of my followers just need to admit they like each other and stop being immature about it.
you're a busy woman today!! Great seeing you!
It IS America the Beautiful - that made my morning! Thank you darlin! : < America the Beautiful ! xOx
hit me when u ready fam
My Chemical Romance-Dead
I was in the kitchen washing a dish
THE MILITANT IS READY FOR OPENING DAY! Even his underwear is blue!
I was excited to find you, but seeing that you have 49k followers, I'm feeling less special!
haha trust me justin were more than wildd..;)<3
Another gaffe by Harper?
kolby!!!!!! What's up buddy!
well in all reality you kind of did.
Thank beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT : you guys are too cute :')
Shop Atlanta Ann Taylor Loft today thru March 8. Donate a pair of gently worn pants and get $15 off a new pair (full-price).
Head over to and have an awesome Mint Tea. It's exactly what you need. They have awesome energy bars too!
Are you guys sitting next to each other putting this on Twitter...? That's just silly.
RT : Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear makeup, and boys lie.
They're just sluts
I was planning to fall to my knees and pray. She's coming to the June BOA meeting, so we'll have time to compose ourselves.
Whoever is the 37th person to retweet my next tweet, wins a FREE copy of 37 CD/DVD! Be watching ;)
I cannot believe that I am teaching yoga at 8:30 am and it is daylight savings time. What am I doing right now?
Huntsman: Debt crisis caused by both Dems & Repubs
this is impressive but I believe they r also owned by monster? have huge partnerships 4 cables and other audio parts???
I know right?? It's made to be more difficult/confusing than necessary
Sorry - couldn't help it.
I will probably be there at 9:30am. Msg me your contact number.
Megan is a BEAST! I'm loving her more and more each week!!
nice are you there ?
hey momma!
Egypt says it ended US lobbyists' contract - USA TODAY
My mom is making me go to a party I really don't want to go too
it's so freaking addicting!!
Feelin rite i didnt think i wud feel the creamery
Dallas Clark????
R u allowed to bring your own stuff for Davis to sign?
Great pic. Welcome to Washington!
Possibly THE most exciting, bizarre and scary - heres hoping the Cambridge guy is fine!
What if the Rangers don't make the playoffs? What would have to happen between now and their hypothetical and improbable elimination? Weird.
That's what we like to hear!
In between starting movies I've been checking TITANIC ..the 3D conversion seems pretty good actually
lol their call me maybe cover has been playing non stop on my computer :p theyre just that good
home finally
Girls fighting on the bus, so fucking pointless.
I wonder if Bob Warner would be pleased to know that I now carry his trading card in my wallet.
Congrats to John Fox and The Broncos for a highly successful season.
Let the National Library Week celebrations commence at #UDC !
Love Sydney! I was homesick on Christmas, but got over it.
Thank you to all of my new followers! I look forward to supporting you in your ventures as well. :) xoxoxo
Whole grain? No-name animal crackers? She wouldn't want that stuff anyway! Bring on the Butterfingers!
Can't you see, I'm talking about eternity
hello im so happy!!!:) zack finally followed me:)
Received the best visit from my little love this morning. Studying all day won't be as bad now...I hope.
Clearly you insult more than any. Does this mean you have no argument either?
what do you do on Friday nights!? Just started playing church league ball every Friday in Concord// u should come
See whats new with SWH check out our new blog www.seowebsitehero.com/blog, take advantage of our current months specials
thank you baby<3
Might teach tech savvy.
#gmail switched to the new format on my work email today and I'm hating life right now. seriously, why is it so bad?
Not watching the game
are you in training?
Much better.
lol yea yea yea
Thanks so much for the kind #FF s!
Most awkward award ever.... Usher, justin, or Eminem...... Uhmmmmmm.......
Can you please follow me (:
The logical succeeding pun writes itself. Oh dear.
Glee was so good(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
328: This Thanksgiving, I'm grateful for true abundance in my life, and I wish blessings and abundance for all my family & friends, too.
Kind of obsessed with
Just got back from the gym. Today was chest day. I finally think I'm getting some where. Will all the hard work pay off? Only time will tell
And a lot of great posters!
nice more picture
people that do things just for attention<<<
Thank you! I'm happy to send you a free sample. Email me at and let's partner!
Waiting for my Ikea delivery. Would be more excited if I actually had time time to put my new furniture together.
Pre-order your homemade tamales for the holidays from Taco N' Madre herself!Chicken, pork, turkey,Mexican cheese tamales oh my!
“: Happy 21st can't wait until tonight. Rock chalk baby!” thank you. It's gonna be a
I had crazy heartburn tonight, too. But then my water broke, so maybe it was my body's way of waking me up. lol
THANK YOU! The Chic'
Learning with at the Rethinking Debreifing session on English language learners
burned 99 calories doing 10 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
carter update?
Have any plans next weekend? I'll be headlining Saturday Night (May 19th) at O'Connell's () See ya there?
Loved your SMPP course! How do I sign up for #WWS?! Is there an early bird discount?? Thanks!
since 11. you know, when I said it started. -_-
i have been home all day . no me gustaaa
Why do I even bother calling or caring **Sigh**
is my inspiration for not giving up on my dream #dreamchaser til i collapse
D4 bbc sessions? Bootleg vinyl? Found it in chi-town...
far is a distance, but never a reason why.
To summarize: maybe hitting on others isn't such a great thing after all.
Me and put down today we let em know who to be watching out for our there
when did Utah become Los Angeles?
are you ok babe?
I'm scared.
WaSup Bro! I Like What You Are Doing! We Gotta Work! You Already Know! DM Ya Contact
Can't wait to hear da new #Solo by !!!! I caught word that it was Cold as ICE!
it looks fluffy! haha is it?
where's that single?!
Oh. Well whatever the case, he might surpass last year's walk total in a week at this pace.
please follow & as we are big fans and have your apparel! Rut Hockey thanks you!
What I wonder about quadrobots, though, is: How long do the batteries last? Pretty energy-intensive to hover and maneuver like that.
Negative. Got some potentially great news this morning though.
Planted catnip seeds today. All 400 of them. Should make for some very happy kitties this year.
...but one must support ones friends! Toi, toi Rachelle- go rock da the house this eve : )
Gift cards for Bed Bath & Beyond or Home Depot?
haha he shook and I thought something was wrong ha
If you have to ask me if I like you, I probably don't .
“: I'm so fat I drink chips.”
Of course!(;
I want to stay in my lunchtime workout clothes for the rest of the day. #dietbetproblems cc:
Sometimes you gotta know when to shut er down and go see a movie!
Chocolate has no calories if consumed (by students) in the 12 hrs before paper submission or (by faculty) during grading
vote for jaden
Hani’s fluid jewelry designs can be described as colorful, rich and textured with a flair for clean lines and a minimalistic presence.
I'm hoping to get some of it done today
RT : 'Topes on the board again! Scott Van Slyke blasts a double off the left field wall to score Josh Fields! 'Topes up 4-0, B-5
thanks! Perfect. Oh, any examples up there already?
In a test the condor used the least energy to move a kilometer. Then we discovered a man on a bicycle blew the condor away. -- Steve Jobs
the true fans added bioware to safe sender as recommended
One of the stunt guys on The Hangover 2 is suing Warner Brothers for a stunt gone bad. I wonder if it has anything to do with the monkey.
i have no idea
I loved BET Uncut & In living color :)
I am lucky. I think I made the right choice in choosing him.
She know that when IPhone that it's FaceTime
I can't stand hypocrites smh
thanks for the network hit u up soon!. Follow bak!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X14
im sorry didnt mean to upset you;)
There was no Food section in the today. A sad Thursday. I hope that's not intentional. cc:
what time is it.......really?
I'll keep you my dirty little secret.
MEGA HOTNESS.
Our office manager is regulating the candy bowl. For every piece of candy i eat, i have to run a lap around the office or tweet about it.
Crazy! Ma started bleeding from my nose, I may be dying haha
Lol what is on christina's head? I mean, it's sparkly so thats nice....
If I get into a writer's residency in AZ, I'll smuggle my copy of Pedagogy of the Oppressed into a public school.
Up late because I over think on something so simple... Now #watching Breaking Bad
Semisonic's "Closing Time" will get that reaction at Borders too.
ha.. thanks.. #Peter Parkers.. tons of them around here
lol dis bitch goes out with austin, then cody, then harry, WHAT'S NEXT, JUSTIN? holy fuck.
you are never missing a thing!
Just got done Cleanin the house,Watchin cartoons wit the kids...Bout 2 start makin breakfast....
ha! my time is coming, I'm sure of it
This reminded me of U- If I drink alcohol I am alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I fantastic?
argh!!! Los Angeles Business Journal website, Y U NO WORK???
“: I'm reading that stupid book 50 Shades of Grey and its not about Jennifer Grey and I hate it.” brilliant
kev was sweet that day.
said i figured it out...didn't say i honored it!
So I've watched captain america at least 3 times I'm workin on 4 right now
“: if she can roll better then you, she may be wifey material”
#GOPACKGO #packers or in Los Angeles... LA Lakers and Vikings. Just need to take #Wild as a second NHL to have a set!
CHECK THAT VIDEO GOIN STUPID BOUT TO GO TO THE YO AND MAKE ANOTHER I'M BRINGING MY SON THIS TIME..
Woot! Donald Driver is on #DancingWithTheStars this season -- I know who I'm cheering for!
sand tarts, butterscotch cookies, peanut butter cookies and chocolate pretzels. Also bringing sugar and comfort!
So i brought my camero to school n everyone is staring at me like wtf!?!
feel like flossin'
I have the best daughter in the world.
Seriously, Mormons. Be very, very careful before criticizing anyone about their evolving views on marriage.
funniest. thing. ever
Never underestimate the power of popcorn to help brighten your day!
On the other hand, the trailer for "Looper" is supposed to be attached to it. Must. watch. trailer.
getting to know twitter and friendfeed...took up my morning. I'm late for work now. Sorry boss...oh, that's me ;o)
*three days.
I do follow you :)
i see
go text my cousin
Brain blast for social innovation project: turning cell phone waste into a good thing for the emerging markets.
lol just got home. ha.
#BuildABetterWorld Great show tonight!
“: sometimes i think im socially challenged”
I love the DJ...!! Always a good time with the crew.
i just told this girl on webcam she got more titty than she got brain lol #stupidassgirls shes slow
You got the gut laugh on that one. Thanks for that. Just Don't Do It.
Keep your chin up, sweetheart. Remember always that we each create our own realities.
It's a damned shame when anxiety over how little sleep you're about to get keeps you awake.
will do:D
Welcome to the packers perry
I think Robert Osborne's birthday totally justifies my having leftover birthday cake for breakfast today.
#we all need someone to hold on to when we have a bad day!!
Knocked Up Celebs Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
If your over 18, make sure you vote today!
Maurice Sendak originally wanted to write "Where the Wild Horses Are" but changed it to "things" when he realized he couldn't draw horses.
Deadline for filing en banc review of 11th circuit decision on health care law just passed at 5 p.m...no word from DOJ
I think red box is looking at about 50 percent increase in sales
A big ole beastly Happy Birthday to my partner in crime, !
Bus, almost home(:
Ugh, waiting again but yes, Sharon Needles for the win
Everyone using the word snowpocalypse should go to snowhell while I laugh at them from snoweaven having snowgasms...
not looking good.
Thank's so much - appreciate the shout-out! :)
You should put out a book with every New Bev calendar in it. I'd so by that.
Dude. You know me and have worked with me. Do you seriously think I even know the meaning of the word "Discreet"???
Come in & get FREE copies of Energy Times, , and Muscle & Body. Great way to get new recipes ideas & reenergize your workout!
if they don't go somewhere with this season real quick, i dunno if i'm coming back for season 3.
Aww. Omg you just made my fucking night :)
Glad you like them!
#shootermac we've been ctc for 3 weeks and you still have not scheduled the closing so now you have to extend your lock.
Spotted: Dudes on Segways high-fiving non-ironically.
That awkward moment when you say something but have zero idea of what your talking about
Under no circumstances should a man ever wear sandals, mandals, whatever. Just no. It's hideous.
The essence of profound insight is simplicity. - Jim Collins, Author of Good to Great.
You a stupid hoe you you a stupid hoe
Hot chocolate to warm up on a cold rainy day, yup I'll take one of those.
All righty what's the best food you've had so far?
Days are getting closer to the EOG
what's instragram?
Hi! So pleased that you've heard of us! Please let me know if I can answer any questions about our wonderful museum...
Got a great message @ Church this morning....
how old are you ?
This movie is creeping me the hell out !
Love being with you, day and night! See you later today. xoxo
Why is nick playing for fgs instead of putting the game away with touchdowns? Bama playing to lose game .
Twitter concept: the equivalent of Mute Spitta' ... then I remembered there are reddit accounts that reply with only gifs.
Call now to get $4 off any 18” pizza, including specialty pies!
Samantha, you're 3 rows in front of us:-). I saw you pimping in the back row Andy. Thought you couldn't drink beer?
Change is the end result of all true learning. Buscaglia
considering I played Earthworm Jim all the time, somehow I missed that. I was reintroduced to with Ghostopolis. :)
Venezuela. Populist President running for an unconstitutional 3rd term. Overwhelming income disparities, corrupt elections
the Los Angeles Literary Calendar is now on twitter. follow them!
well you kind of are! I might set up a burrito party at chipotles on wed afternoon if you guys are interested
I think they all just forgot rt : Just heard that the #Lions practice has been cancelled tomorrow in honor of 4/20.
We found out that we're only layers of skin hiding bone.
MRNG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, AWESOME NIGHT & MRNG W/FRIENDS & FAM. COWBOYS & SOUP TIME, LET'S DO THIS!!!!
Whoa Cyanogenmod 9 for the One X? :o
Your caps are looking good!
Our sale is still in full swing and you've got the whole month of April. Check out the Essential Top 10!
So much eating well at lunch. My #Subway apples were best before 9-18-10. Yuck!
Good am!
RT RT life isnt a garden. so don't be a hoe.
The 2-day Easter holiday is over and the stores have reopened in Munich. No longer have to rely on gas stations for staple items
I'd rather have a decent new Magnetic Fields album.
What a bullshit flagrant on Indiana. These refs suck.
Oh yeah that. I need one so badly! D;
RT : 100 foods to eat before you die: No. 84 sea urchin, the spiky Nerf balls of the sea, can be found at
Jimmy Sabater Jr @ Taino Towers doors open 6:30pm this Wednesday in Spanish Harlem.
Sending my deepest condolences to the Carter family. Aaron, Nick, Bj, and Angel. RIP Leslie #LoveYall #BeStrong - XavierLT.com
Ready to see #SuperNova shut it down
Glenn Campbell...that was pretty awesome
Could you end me some times when I could call to interview you. Subject: Author Interview
Lol. But I Guess We About To Get To The Bottom Of This Tonight > >
DYK? Jane E. Smith, served as the President & CEO of the National Council of Negro Women was a member of DST. ..
#imagine Austin:Im not sure if you feel a spark.but i feel fireworks when i think of you *kisses you gently* -anna
Hop on the Early Literacy Bookmobile at the Spring Eggstravaganza, 11-3 today, Sharon Meadow in Golden Gate Park.
Romney taking credit for Auto Biz comeback is like Ryan Leaf claiming to be drug free. I don't think so....
happy thanksgiving to you & your family god bless magic man
Music brings people together and tells a lot about the person that you are and tells a lot about where you've been.
#TurnToYou is an amazing song,it touched me
If you aren't going to see this weekend your afro-wack!
Still taking entries to win 2 passes to the here: goo.gl/Au7aO Who wants to grub w/ us?
You can text a $10 donation to support via ! Text GIVE 9491 to 80088 to donate.
great job this year Coach!
you can help trend though. :)
Morning ride to get the mind going!
Arguing with my dad over text. Ohmaigosh. LMFAO. We go off on eachother...
to many tweets hahahahah now in days
If you are a small business with orders to fill as well as invoices to leverage, factoring may be the way to obtain capital.
i wasn't following u lol i thought i was
Weekend is here! Donating $50 per 500 new twitter #followers OF MINE to #pets #dogs #cats u can make a difference!
we did alot of stuff together we had a blast!!
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Why not have everyone rotate 3 hr shifts so no one needs a tent. Carry a book to exchange!
That's some BS, they cheated !!
Maybe I shouldn't eat steak 3x a week. Ahh fuck it.
They had to dig up the pipeline in our back yard last month for repair & told us about the changes.
Continuing copy editing and transfer today of 2012: Science & Prophecy of the Ancient Maya for interactive book for the iPad.
When guys run the relationship >
cool, friday am through 1pm is wide open if that might work for you, do you both still dial in on fridays?
I discovered there's such a thing as eating too many Lunchables and that's exactly what happened to me tonight.
Snowboarding for the first time in 12 years. Pray. For. Me.
New genetic tests a chance to spot risks early in pregnancy
Romans 13:10 Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Glad to hear this is over for you--looking fwd to working with you in Chicago in the fall. cheers.
its always a debate, but for me some combination of guilt and optimism always wins, even though I've never been to SAA
Can't sleep, fantastic!
myspace is a ghost town llab
Guy plwase pray for my aunt she is in the middle of a tornado
somebody tell me to get off twitter and create my final for this week's class.. "very distracted today."
how in the hevan did you no that :/
You're Welcome :)
the fact she's driving a Nissan, I hope it's her.
My yahoo account did that a few months ago. I had to go through and change every password on all my accounts...
That's a good answer.
<U+2665><U+2665>...you truly are an angel. Each time you've contacted me in some form the last month it's when I needed to hear from you most.
Friend me on ASW Inner Circle if you are members. Friend me on FAcebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
So excited! We're going to be at the Look of Love Bridal Show in Milwaukee on Sun. April 3rd!
But they do that with you two every time!
goodmorning, wishing you a happy and bless day holly.
": Good luck at this weekend! You'll be awesome!" ••• aw thank you. i'm so excited!
who told you that
haha it does! Is there any way you could come back for it?
Pink Slime is not icky.
No book review this week … bit.ly/ndYmKh … but have a guest post by Harvey Mackay about the importance of books.
Win a pair of Nordica skis tonight at Tavern Tech Center during the Bud Light promo from 5-7:00 PM!
Yes!! We Should(:
I think im the reason Luke dosent follow us. I call him a slut and a dirty little pig..
ur mistaken. I'm the pink panther.I will find out who started the rumors &who vern really is.hiding behind a hackers mask!
And graphic novels! Bone, Amulet are hard to keep on the shelf.
incredible finish.
digital short was gross, i was w/justin on that one..."what's happening!?" haha ;)
After judge's warning, homeless camp with TV, Christmas lights is taken apart - Kansas City Star Kansas City Star After judge 's warning, h
MIKE WALLACE IS GOING TO THE SAINT LOUIS RAMS
amen just call His Name.... Lord Jesus!!!
best news i've heard in a long time thanks to
Ok here we go round 2 interview
see u guys there :)
flat adverb singing or playing musical notes that are slightly lower than they should be
I know how to admit I'm wrong and apologize
3 largest US health providers give Wisconsin School Districts millions of dollars to fill budget holes. Districts hold out for recalls.
#LetsBeReal Mavs fans you can thank your owner for getting rid of your true competitors- barea, chandler butler, and stevenson
see some of my work at youtube channel: josephmancusoactor
xD I think we all would! This summer=Fireworks.
a little of everything. Nonfiction, magazine articles, blogs, textbooks, fiction in my early days...you?
I got five new beats and I got five niggaz in mind. No charge lets go!!!!
I miss you
I have a justin bieber 3D cup. LOOL.
Thanks! Still going through the list to add more..I'm cheating by looking at yours! ;)
After an RBI double by Mike Davis, Clear replaces Wegman and allows another run on a suicide squeeze. 4-1 A's.
Cleaning my house before I start my day!!!!!
the hell you say!!!
Will tonight's match end up being a MLS Cup preview?
And then Beasties + Rollins Band + Cypress Hill @ the Sportatorium, Dallas Texas, November 1992. Most dangerous show ever.
Weirdies among us? Forgot -- I live in Los Angeles. Ever check out the mayor?
She loafs you, yeah, yeah, yeah
This is gonna be a hard couple of months
Brunch at lavo. Not that brunchy, it's a rave at 3pm.
I tried to order a double cheese burger at Mickydeez and the lady said they dont serve those.....i may be illiterate but i can see, miss.
no problem :) x
omgeee lo.what do you like? You seem to not like a lot of thing..hey i didn't give you your bday hug
Oh boy EOC tomorrow...
U & Hyori r fab. Assume best, take high road, work with her & produce bicultural/bilingual album. U'll encouraj evry1 w ur mercy
It is 3 days, 12 hours, 19 minutes to #ReinhartWorldDomination OH MY!
BEST Mexican Food In All Of Oregon!
You don't glide from success to success you lurch from failure to failure
Enjoyed a double espresso from while Booker got a haircut. Very good.
Is it halftime yet? Looking forward to some orange slices and watermelon/strawberry Capri-Sun.
Could have had the best of both worlds plus another planet, and had a party, eaten wings, and seen an amazing VS show.
"For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison" 2 Corinthians 4:17
If you want it... you gotta go GET it!
Come to ! We would love to have you!
SB45 Biz Lesson # 13: Be yourself. Know what you do best and DO it!
Mike & Red... Nice glassware. #FAIL!
ur pic is wow y do always look better than me
I completely agree with you! I'm going to see it too but insidious looks way better
China currently maintains friendships w/ 160 countries and has signed 125 cultural agreements with other govts. via ZhaoheChe
Rickhouse is great for whiskey.
Bjork is about to take stage. Next time you see me I'll be reincarnated into an Icelandic fairy tree computer. Bye
I'm doing good as well. I'm Latoya nice to meet u. Where u from? I'm from Chicago Illinois
Nguyen gets follow up on non-mobility impaired disability issue
u make it to NOLA. Be safe and have a great time. GO BIG BLUE
nice win...lakers need a big bounce back game
which means you did something bad... what did you do Phil? Did you paint the dog with blue pain again???
Reading Neither Dead, Nor Sleeping! Fascinating! So John Edward but before John Edward.
@ That does happen. A girl I know told her ex she didn't want the kids but wanted all the furniture.
Hehe. ACORN doesn't even exist anymore. They filed for Chapter 7 2 years ago!
Let me help y'all out...GO TO IVCTV.NET to see independent and new artists represented right in their music videos!
Blueberry yogurt dipped pretzels are so yummy!
LOL, go get a haircut then!
I don't, but the CTA is pretty shaky, too! one of my favorite things is to watch people lurch forward when it stats up!
I love you so much Brian <3 you have an amazing life ahead of you, congrats(:
also starred at Sr. Bowl. You know what to do w/ 40 times...
Good night sweetie. Sleep well. ;)
#SanAntonio representing with 2 stories on : Kindergartner saves life & Alamo Heights "USA" chant scandal
We can make the world stop.
– David Reutimann landed a Daytona 500 ride as he will drive for By Bob Pockrass
Twitter high five
will your next album be in hard copy too??and when do u think it will be released??
True Entrepreneurs don't complain, instead they empower others - their clients & their team.
what are u gonna do in the big d?
#SomeoneToldMe life isnt gonna B easy..well hell they were sure right >.<
seeing you makes me want to run out and buy another case of Sancerre! Or Baumard. Awesome wine!
W. C. Fields
Changing in a crowded locker room... #notthafun ,but great lunchout
what about submissions by text message? No headshot but I've got an etch-a-sketch pic that's spot on. No? Dang! Haha
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Hooray for my 2nd favorite #NFL team
hey Rich it's Joe Tong. Just thought I'd say hello and see how you been?
That moment when you feel yourself drifting into the dark side.
Excited for new breweries in town 2011: Lantern, American, Burdick, Narrow Bridge, etc. North Sound Brewing already here!
Good to hear.
I will!! XD
Amen sister, happy to say I have one.
I have a PSA opportunity for you and Chef. Please email me at if interested.
Funny.On set the actors weren't really saying anything to script.Your creations were probably closer reality.
It was all a dream I used to read Word Up magazine Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine Hangin' pictures on my wall
ariel iz going 2 text u i think....lol...wat u doing
No. But I pretty much squeal something like "THE OLYMPICS ARE THIS SUMMER squeeeeeee" ;)
can't wait to get the stickers. (:
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Federal Analyst-Summer Scholar, Strategy & Operations for Deloitte Consulting LLP. Deadline to apply: Sun. 1/29
GUYS I JUST GOT CARDED
Sounds like a good plan to us. Want to share your goal to help others design their money saving goals?
Followers: I changing my twitter name to WKOW_SNG.
Took a #KravMaga class last night and I am super sore right now
when people say follow someone i always do it but when i say follow me or someone else they SADLY never do=(
Nope. Laying low for broad st tomorrow.
than take some rest
will you take to be your lovely weddie wife I don't if I spelled but I'm go ghetto lol
thanks for the retweet Jerry!
and if you think few trashtalk in that span of time, look up Sean Avery clips.
hilarious the remote works when u put it in freezer for 2mins
But the hook, it brings you back despite the terribleness.
Go ahead and drink some more water. Also, you're pretty (or handsome).
What's your favorite song
you can definitely.
What #ballet #symphony #opera / #arias are going on in the #UK during the month of February? <3
Since its Pi Day, I moved a wisdom tooth from my mouth into my hand.
I come home from my hockey game and the Rangers score 2 more goals on top of the goal they scored while I was in the car hell yea!
great sale! are others planned?
Completely wide awake. At least Jungle 2 Jungle is on.
<3 U R Beautiful!
good job on the Senate floor yesterday! So proud of your efforts to reauthorize VAWA!
Oomf is a female with dreads...
Fuck Cancer should be trending on Twitter, but it's not
staying warm over there? Woo
Good work in class tonight !
Working double shifts three times a week is wearing me the fuck out.
11/2 @ 7 pm Come to Witherspoon Cinema for the Peru Project! $5 to get in. All proceeds go to help Peruvean elementary school. C U there!
RT this if you're excited for our new single "Retribution"!!!
The moment you get a smartphone you suddenly feel the need to check facebook or twitter every 5 seconds...
when i read your tweets and you seem to have more drama than a couple where the lady finds out her beloved husband is cheating on her...
Very good clean vocals from Mikael on
BERKELEY BIRTHDAY GIVEAWAY! Happy May Birthday! Enter your name&birthday by May10 to WIN. The winner will be announced May 11.
Did you ever make it to a lax game for your cousin because you wernt there 2 Fridays ago
I doubt I'll finish the special operation. I refuse to A. spend real money on it & B. spend that much time on it.
Where to go for new years
That Roddy White seems like a system receiver.
I am as far away from Jon as possible in the sweetheart department.
hahahahaha bro your too much
Trying to watch 3 games at once at the Fishers Fieldhouse. Josh Whitfield & Demetrius Shaw on one ct. on another, & PG on 1.
I can't be alone with you.
done working out. planning a road trip to archer city.
I'm really sad you're coming to DC the one week I won't be here! Is this some type of conspiracy?!
Only $100 for a Llama?!?! The wife is not looking as excited about this as I am.
I fucking hate this shit part time job.
Putting together donation item for Rush Silent Auction & having a surprisingly hard time finding items to fill our baseball themed basket
why not? I remember you being super smart and artistic!
I think I just took 10 years off my life talking to smoking co-workers. Yuck!
Off to the Noriega Street Fair
If Theisman was wearing a cap would you do him???
Beautiful pic! Have a great time in Australia!
We had to. Nate plays hockey tomorrow night at 1030. Yikes!! Cutting it close!
I'm not watching. What's happening?
Then there was not cake. If there was cake, it would be appropriate.
QPR has showed up today vs City.
I love how all these Oklahoma people love Durant now, but they FORGET he went to TEXAS & all you ou fans was hating on him then huh?
I got a free meal yesterday dude. I was so happy.
Morning Rockstars! > The more business he has to do, the more he can to accomplish, for he learns to economize his time. - Sir Matthew Hale
“: What time so I can download it??”. Soon as phresh emails it over. It's on fire!
You're welcome. I'LLC give it to you during passing period.
Inmate escapes from prison in Shirley. The latest on the manhunt at 11:00 on
Woke up to 's thoughts on gay marriage. Thats really just what I needed. Best morning everr.
skipping the gym to do happy hour
god job :)
The crew here at the New York office is putting on our tuxes and getting ready to head over to the Grand Hyatt for the #PRWeek awards.
great job! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Maybe you should post a Youtube video about how you were treated at 2011 VGAs. You might end up at CEO's table next year...
It's a sad day. I am just coming to the reality the AJ Burnett is WAY better than John Lackey.
what did I do to be an asshole
nytnyt and sweet dreams idol brit~ love you so much~ hope you had a great day <3
come watch it at the beach!
Her and I go way back, I'm sure she's the best part about watching Angel baseball. Kenny and I always be slangin' jokes together
The guy that I have had a crush on for like 4 years came and spent the night at the hospital with me last night...! :)
I am tired of uncertainties that end in extra blocks
Tomorrows pretty much Friday!
We introduced the AMC to u so u know who they are..next episode we'll show u how they got to where they are! tune in! Sunday 10:30 MYATL TV
I don't know but it really did seem like she tried to act like the posture caused the injury. Oops about the posture.
no, don't think so
If you say jump, I'll say how high! ;) Great meeting you & Saturday. BTW, my 2 oldest kids are same age as yours!
Get hyped RT It started as an editorial meeting-room joke. It's become a reality. Next week: #PoliceAcademyWeek at
~*proceeds to getting unfollowed for lakers tweets*~
"Logos" - appealing to signs like the Golden Arches or Nike Swoosh to persuade your audience
Coach Ryan's first question... 'lemme see your feet son'
I fly like paper, get high like planes.
the #UHbsb bows look to bounce back from a rough weekend at #SACstate as they take on #UCDavis - we go on air at 11:20 am HT -
At the Arlington Dem Comm mtg watching make a terrific announcement speech.
NEW lunch menu is launching today ! Just tasted all of the dishes and they are fabulous! Come on in a check it out!
good night Teresa stay cool while you can
This day in Civil War history... 63: Skirmish at Lick Creek AR 65: Francis Preston Blair Sr. tries to negotiate peace with Jefferson Davis
are there Internet/smartphone app options for your morning show?
Emailing you now. Too long to tweet.
#today is the opening night of The Vortican (a vampire play). Come check it out if u r in NYC.
oh snap!
Just seen a boy that looked like #TrayvonMartin :-( ...really... Lady in line concurred ... Every 17 y/o does
You know i'm not given to sentimentality
it's upstairs haha I'll go get it...you should text me (:
Sounds a lot like some of the classrooms @ our school.
Dampening paper for printing is a Sunday commitment to studio work ... that I'm not 100% excited about. HA.
Those are bad ass! Now they need protein ice cream.
Thanks for visiting our great lighting showroom in Yonkers!
Holy crap. I lost 5 pounds.
a meet me at da exxon by bp n burger king right nw
I hate when I text people and they dont text back!!!
who works at best buy and can give me inside info when the rest of the HP touchpads come in? #barnesandnoble screwed me!
Let's do this NY Knicks. I know have some challenges. Let's rise up and conquer them!
haha can you send your chauffeur to pick me up? I am incapable of operating a vehicle right meow
Wow Oklahoma State. Wow!
when u were on it lmfaoo jk
How the Hoe Stole Christmas. #ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes”
Beer goggles, an ode to Sean Parker. RT : We're taking suggestions for new filters to be added to Facebookstagram. Go.
Is it Persian new year yet? I don't know the days anymore.
As long as the majority of people on this planet are more concerned with me instead of we things will remain as they always have
Amazing day for a
I like that too Plus everyday that play baseball the better he gets. Hopefully it pays off in the long run
#IWouldDoAnythingFor my tattoos to disappear over night!
not to mention great strides and activity in civil rights enforcement stuff folk ignore
luckky to what ?
It's important as black ppl to know our history, there's more to us than slaves, MLK, Malcolm X and ms. Parks.
well i made about $100 with 40 invested
Gonna Go Get An iPhone Today.
is in the house? I'll watch that.
I'm thinking about making over the JH website using Wordpress. A lot easier to maintain vs Dreamweaver. Would be 2nd makeover. Any thoughts?
u in bia's garage?
Now following follow back.pleaz:-):-)
Twitters gonna be so dead tonight, since all of abq is at the drake concert. :p
"Ron Paul Ain't Out Yet, Suckahs!"
#rugrats & texting , what have I come to -.-
playing sunset towers tonight, tower bar, in duo, 7-11.
So this week we are doing design related videos, they are also suppose to be fun. so no typographic rants I guess. -PS
If you have the audacity to say gay couples have equal rights, even though they can be arrested for PDA, you're wrong and lying to yourself.
This lady is such a Jamaican ---->
#GirlTalk crazy when a guy tells you he can deliver and your not amazed? Yeah, it happens. Lol
#TeamGLMA is the best. RT : having dinner w - if you care about #obama2012 or follow this guy. impressive.
I feel left out
Open tomorrow at 4PM! Look forward to seeing everybody!
FU GUMBY! RT : Putting. The team. On his back. Do.
Love the smell of the fresh country air!!
Facebook is buying instagram, and already I am concerned about the implications of this mashup.
Justin, I cant wait too buy tickets in May.! Omg, #muchlove please come to Indiana <3
morning sunshine
If it is you I don't want to be rude and interrupt your meal, but hello and we love your show. cc
I Just Have To Accept The Fact That You Lose Frwenns All The Time......
Phone making me sign in to twitter again when i told your ass to remember me!
No one liked that AT ALL. That wasn't breaking news by the ajc. Mentioned in 1st or 2nd board meeting as unheard of...
Time to go and own this Legendary Performers!
Also focus on controlling the chance of direction, plus work on GHD machine you will have that weight up real soon.
Same goes for the #Bulls lol RT #WhenTheLakersLose their fans ain't nowhere to be found !
IPad sales soaring.
Great meeting with Ko-Thi BOD tonight. Thanks for the inspiration!
Wildly gorgeous sunshiny afternoon in South Texas
You are actually the best. And so funny. Love<3
Just say NO to low paying lab jobs!
It's all on me I do my dirt on my lonely
I can't verify my email. I've typed in the correct address but Disqus won't send a verification. I get "Oops! We could not reach..."
I realize that everyday is unpredictable, but today is going to be full of surprises. I wonder how everything will unfold....
West Coast...thoughts on the Season 4 finale of #Fringe?
There are few things better for golf right now than a McIlroy/Fowler playoff. Congrats to on a long overdue victory.
I will never speak ill of you
You'd be surprised who RT'd in agreement with me. From what I hear. she is gonna leave.
the face u put O.O
Maybe it's just too late for forgiveness and apoligies..
Thank you, sir!
RT A4 Spaghetti carbonara Who wouldn't want to be surrounded by fellow bacon pasta & cheese in silky egg coating
my baby girl is 1 year old today!
Look at all the fake people posting about mother's day. You disrespect her all year but today you're besties?
We're nearing 50 of our 110+ goal of raised garden beds here at Woot! Woot!
Fb need to DM U business
Willy Wonka called and said he's got dibs on the first three babies snooki pops out
nah. I'm in NY
I just don't get it. Piercing I get. Something like that boggles my mind. What does he do for work?
Will you be at #ibs2012? What are you excited to see? Hope to see you there...
Thanks, Dawn!
Cats are the best bunnies ever lol
this tweet could be edited into an epic 80's montage.
are you attending #nn11?
Just a few more days! Just a few more..
Hittin the <U+E42B> field tomorrow >>>>>
Asdfgghkll why now? :/
U know what u should do? Follow :)
Blessed silence at almost 930p. The Doods got braided bully sticks and I get a nice respite! :-)
Ridiculous=Fun
My mom just called my dad a bitch! Lmao. your momma's crazy!
I ain't home tho /: I'm going to be back but right when I get there ima be heading out again lol tomorrow morning?
Film #the_Rabbit_Theory, selected for another great #Film_Festival, soon more info. Check the trailer out on youtube...
Lovely Sunday brunch outside in the sunshine w family. Life is good!
You don't know what I think now... <U+2665>
Wow, what a SPOILED brat! I'd be like well, looks like you don't get anything then, huh little one?!!
All nighter has been pulled, but i only got 4 and a half hours of sleep! someone is crashing tonite!
This year's tourney proving that I'm too much of a #big12 homer...
lol...actually, not true...that's the whole reason teenagers smoke.
obviously it is you, The Hicken!!!
seonapticsDamn Helena! Veerrrrrrrrrry nice pictures - u r realy talented! ...& thanks for following me!
bwahhhh love it!
Still too early for a sweater. I'm dying over here.
Wore a jacket this morning because the temperature wasn't 30 degrees above normal.
Wow time to get my shit together and start tweeting
loved you as the star but now it's my turn! Excited for tomorrow's audition! : )
Smells like somebody warming up a damn goat smh shit funky AF!!!
”What do you think of that, that 2 kids w/pens & notebooks could do what seasoned law enforcement couldn't do?” -60 Minutes
": Happy 4th of July everyone! Excited to be a part of PBS's Capitol 4th concert tonight. tune in!!" Gteat show. Thanks!
Cool! Hope y'all (and them) enjoy!
U look like a baby prostitute..
Egg sandwich
thanks for tweeting the #oakmtg city council meeting! It is the only way I can access it given my commute schedule.
It really doesn't look as dated as other things made in that era. Beautifully directed, animated, everything. Love cyberpunk.
Getting emails that start with "Dear Graduating Senior" will never get old...
Thanks for helping us get #AD4MH off to a great start by helping share our mission today !
Hahaha the guy at the red line Jackson stop is playing
Go Demons! : it's game day tweeps!! home game vs marquette at 1:30!! on espn2!! and it's our pink out game! tune in!!!
Wish I could hear John Sterlings call on Yes network in NYC. "the Yankees lose, the Yankees lose!"
that they did it against the lowly wizards. Gotta put the effort in perspective, right?
thanks for the mention!
They don't get rewarded ( if they know,) they get what they deserve which is a dishonest (horrific & dangerous) person.
Studying for an anatomy test covering the reproductive organs = many weird looks at the UGL.
You can join #purplecitybirdgang whenever you ready!! LOL
You would think that the networks would not end EVERYTHING on the same week.Our TV viewing does not stop next week.What R we to do?
Jerry would be the ultimate! the PERFECT person to bring back at ! Ranger Dave, get to work!
Do your thang tho. Who am I to say what's good or not. Can't knock the hustle
Still trying to get through Carroway's "New Worlds for All" and Seed's "Ceremonies of Possession" --
Happy cinco de mayo!!!
boo ! hi
Okay BMizzle ! dude got her own Language Lol
haha I know =[ I'm glad we got to kick it #cent201 style though
"A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice." Bill Cosby RT --()
When Life Hands You Skittles, Chunck Them At People And Say Taste The Freakin Rainbow xD
Happy Mothers Day!
follow,me
I would just go with whoever is offering the better deal of the two, if you're considering between them.
Tough loss in hockey tonight... Time to regroup for next week.
Beaser Guitar Concerto proposed with Maestro Serebrier in Europe! Play then record... this work is amazing!
Thanks for making my life better.... <3
When I went, no. Might be possible now. Check site?
waiting 15 minutes for delivery MT: "#Taurus see the benefits of short term suffering for a long-term gain. A unique feature of the Bull."
510 followers? :) love you.
Crack it. Split it. Pound it. All day.
To all #book lovers, if you haven't seen Woody Allen's MIDNIGHT IN PARIS, do. It's a gem. Adrian Brody as Salvadore Dali is a hoot!
That weird moment when you get two of the same fortune cookies in a row!
Blake Griffin.... Lob city
TAs are hard at work preparing for the #danceoff should be ready for some good dancing!
All the online reviews for the Roomba and Scooba are favorable, but I think they might fake, planted. Anybody?
I'm going to Costa Rica for New Year's and have done lots of research. Let's talk tomorrow!
Quick check of the #NBAPlayoff scores shows Memphis leading the #LAClippers 35-31 with 3 minutes left in first half.
dang i hope she help u
#DASER Comfort "elegance in nature is austere, potent, and clever..."
Thanks for all the RTs & new follows this week!
Si! Of course!
I try lol
Literally staring at the screen with nothing to write.
I *must* shower to go to campus...but I've got this cute boy cuddling with me.
Patrick and Bridget decided to stage a MMA bout at the bus stop today. No holds barred, elbows, knees ok to striKe with.
god sometimes i am the luckiest little shit in the world...
congrats bella on your Emmy Nomination <3 you really deserve it #CONGRATS :) :) :)
what is wrong with me im not acting like myself lately..
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there!
RT : watching the interrupters and it is an incredible story. Amazing, I so admire the strength of the people in Chicago.
Off to my internship then watching the #SDSU vs #BYU game!!
Are the lakers peaking to early?
Do the Humpty Hump! It's Hump day, Day 3 of the Coyote Tour. Let's see where our adventure leads us!
On average people fear spiders more than they do death
Baby made gluten free chili and is putting my dresser together. How nice
lol, exquisite like a leprechaun!
Looking forward to the workshop!
sounds good!
Yo ! Sad I'm missing #CBNRENTRUNWAY! Tweet twitpic's!
Two-out two-run triple!? I'm up for extra innings.
Evening all, anything exciting happening ?
Thank you for the kind words, Mitch! Glad to have your support.
I love taking cute family portraits with a family that has a good sense of humor. :)
Amazing! Our session on creating a digital humanities cert is moving forward. Hoping to have something up and running by fall.
wait is Nickersons project due tomorrow?
We are so segregated we don't see poverty & if we don't educate about poverty we can't beat it
she is right ! Cross all Generations! Love #MISTLETOE Babaaay~
him and Brandon Jennings will be fighting for shots
Danelle & I want 2 stand in agreement with you all as we enter into the Sabbath & Hanukkah. What r u believing God 4? Let us know!
. For me, allowing the community to select precepts based upon self-assessment of how things are going promises to be powerful.
I do not like the raised court. Bad idea
Thank you! You said what I've been saying since grad. from lib. school 15 years ago. Now let'c change it!
I don't know Benjamin but it sure is scary, and quite windy.
I have a very adequete boyfriend....jk he is amazing
Bout to get me a tablet
Agreed he could have cited any number of assistants to the rich
IM ALL FOR IT I WISH I HAD TIME TO SHOW UP AT RALLYS. I H8 TAXES.
Gonna Watch Hunger Games Tmrw I'm So Happy I Love Those Books Damn It!!!!! xD Can't Wait
sweet....that's awesome... I was over ur way today...Can't find your email..so wasn't sure where to post my vid??
Should I be worried that my Gmail hasn't gone down?
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
I had to train a former drug user, and she had hard time with comprehension and retention.
still incredulous that I have to proctor a final today! wtf
hey! Nothing much jut getting ready to graduate finally! How's your music going and everything ?
friend: on a scale of 1 - 100 how inappropreate (SP) r u? me: 69 giggle
Sitting next to a bunch of kids who think they're ghetto. YOUR NOT GHETTO YOUR FROM THE CITY!!!!!
Drivers giving you a "break" in traffic are dangerous!
Man! I haven't listened to Chicago in forever. Forgot how much I love this band. MAKE ME SMILE!
hello husband !
I made chicken brocoli stir fry for dinner. Yes it was so delicious.
What would you put at the top of your list of must-do/must-visit sites in California?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Pittsburgh niggas go to cheerleaders and pretend they're at King of Diamonds lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
idk you and your gf are just soo cute and it just makes me chuckle...
Sometimes I wonder... will I make it?
Love in the new iPhone commercial. I wish I could get tomato soup delivered on a rainy day.
hey sorry havent been online a couple of days :) how are you?
Guess what I didn't give a single one of tonight.
#ghettocrayolacolors i cant talk right Red
only 3 followers left until we hit 1k! who wants free music?? RT RT RT!
THATS AWESOME!!!!! :) this school year for me is gonna be ok, marci is good, but just seeing Natalie gossip about crap it hurts
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture
So I hear Rickie Weeks hit a "Long Dong Silver" type home run. Great job, Rickie! You're new nickname shall be #Anaconda sir!
when are you here?
a true
If you believe GOD is not in control then why do you call him or her or whoever GOD?
where do u get the wristbands? Sorry to ask just got on! (:
what the hell, really!!? They need to take that shit to he cuts. No one should be looking at your chest!!!!
Okay :-) RT : RT : There is no limit to the amount of SVU I can watch. ~ i feel u
You're so welcome! <3
I guess I'm gonna have to be I'm twittier all day since facebook doesn't want to work right now #FacebookFail lol
how r u doing
Where can I get a Manning Denver jersey?
give me $20 each and I'll dance for you all personally for 10 songs!
Thanks for the s/o
if coarse I believe his lying ass he had my mom call me n tell me ..Who ain't gon believe they momma plus Lil bro dumb like that
hope you didn't cross any black cats or walk under any ladders fri 13th can be a funny type of day ~
I just imagined you singing "I've been waiting for this moment, for all my life....oh no...oh no" Still laughing.
Yes I agree. We have had customers trip and fall and get seriously injured. But my picture was in the middle of Chatham St.
Starting to get annoyed with Karen. Is she a Mom, or is her priority making a point to Hank? BF is a-hole & she says "like you"?
SO BORED
Thank you very much for the mention. Glad to be of service :)
Don't let the world change your smile; let your smile change the world. <3
The country club remains a perk for many CEOs - USA TODAY
Happy #mothersday to all the awesome rocker MOMS that gave us #1D, and
need, perhaps, but not the change itself.
Ok fail again...2 tweets away !
Check out #CentralAustinJelly 's hashtag for some great pix from this week's Dog-Friendly Jelly!
Sure thing. Would you like us to contact you, or vice versa? Kevin is available today. 206-783-1986
i think they r all really talented
Thanks for the RT Liz!
You definitely get a retweet - nice work RT : Officially EverFi certified.
I just might faint RT : OMFG!
I'm bored as <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> hell! I have nothing else to do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>! Did u know it was <U+26A1> outside? Haha
Lovin the SF beat down!!!! Keep it up. GB to do the same tomorrow!
No joke! Obama to appear on Fallon, Kimmel to roast him at WH dinner President Obama has penciled in some hilarious appointments this w
You're right! #FF star and director of "Upload" RT : I think you're forgetting
Two Roseville Boys Hockey Coaches under investigation. What District is saying on Fox 9.
Who will go shopping with me today? :(
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in america. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Selecting Spare Parts Intended for Equipment | The Baby Heaven
i wake up on the sea
Does it not reflect poorly on your alma mater that WHH caught a cold after a long speech in a snowstorm and died a month later?
is serving #ChickenNoodleSoup #ItalianPizzaSoup #ChickenMushroomRice and #FrenchVegetableStew - Call Now to place your order!
This is painful...
My best friends my boyfriend <U+2665>
Just set my DVR since I won't be home when it actually airs.
You're welcome. Yeah it's one of my faves to watch! Actually your ep is on, AGAIN. You just rocked the blowtorch, lol.
Happy BIRTHDAY :) may your wishes come true :)
Looks like a Dallas rolling power outage on the V.
": Chilling at the office with my boy #BadSubProblems"hahahah this lady
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH THESE UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS BEING PASSED BY YOU TRAITORS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH & I'M MAD AS HELL
great seeing you and the fam today at Harbor House for lunch. Ready to enjoy some beers this year
I had to clean my room all by myself since my roomate dipped on me.
has caught the twitter bug. Seriously.
DAM IN GAY WOOD SHOP
Heard this question posed... If you had to chose - lose a kidney & keep a phone, or lose your phone. What say you?
“: "build credibility w key stakeholders otherwise they are going to go off & do it themselves" #rethinkfuture”
I love how my boyfriend gets mad when he cnt see meh, shows he cares (:
go help the Wesley get 5 grand by voting as many times as you can online at citibank.com! yea boyee
can't wait to hear how it went!
Thanks Kugsang for including us!
Yayyyy congrats you are so amazing!!
good. Hope everything works out.
They're probably his parents who paid for his university education.
Today is about me, LACMA, and Vivaldi.
Just saw a midget duck? Helped it out of the street with a for sale sign. No big
It's the third quarter of 2011; first down with time on the clock...Sir Speedy won't drop your ball.
U know we're finna Fool bra!! Lol
Itll be my turn July 16th
#3 Humility is a true sign of strength not weakness Bro, plus God hates pride! #BroTIps #GodlyBroTips Proverbs 6:16,17
I know, they're stupid. Rated by some dumb shit. RT : ha thats hilarious
I'm pretty sure he is
is such a good #example! Hes gonna be a great #missionary! I just saw him enter the #mtc!
Last two episodes of have been fantastic. Make sure you listen in if you haven't yet - always look forward to the show.
I hope Hubert Davis has taken good care of his money because he's fixing to take a huge pay cut.
Happy #Birthday to me! :) :) :) One year older...hopefully, one year wiser!
": Tonight we play the Starland in NEW JERSEY. Some tix still available (we think).. be here tonight!"
Beware of measuring how many students complete community college classes if classes aren't available. Bensimon
Concert in TWO DAYS!
Just attended a session on extraverted embedded librarian services. Next up, empowering copyright role models.
may I DM you about a few questions?
You're my god
So looks like my ipod is dead. :/ No covers anytime soon Dx
Actually made it in Pages, not the best tool for such diagrams (looking for others) but it worked in a pinch.
thanks for making sure I got out there. Very excited to get back into running again :)
Shooting at Patricia Fields house today. Kinda rad.
awww shoooottt your room is worse than mine !! Haha maybe I'll pass. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Here's 's inverview with answering viewer questions
Extremely nice to meet you Laura :) Gorgeous rockers are the absolute best! I'll be checking your tunes out tonight after work!
What does the B in B-Roll stand for?
Get him once again ;)
swim good
Pretty much in love!
are Overnight Lows playing at you tomorrow night or did I make that up?
Big thx to Conor Johnson for going above and beyond to help out a #mediabuyer. Pls give that kid a pat on the back!
Alright...what is it about...?
#FF today to Follow Karen to help navigate through the world of #MEMS (a.k.a. micro-electro-mechanical machines)!
What does a fat kid at heart do when she realizes she buttered frozen bread?microwave!
and they arent gay i think YOU ARE
Make me dinner and I'll bring them <U+270C>RT : I'm prepared to see documentation of these results, kthanks, byee
Yup, after even more pedestrian angst, I think we as a nation need a strong refresher course on "right" & "left" in traffic flow.
Happy Easter!
I like the idea, but do the #Mavs? You think they've considered?
try FB's on 6th. Great food!
it's what's on the inside that counts!
Hosted by Simon Borg.
sorry we didn't see you when we were in town. We barely even made it to our NYE party b4 midnight! Hope u had a great night!
I want that life. I just wish it were easier to accomplish...
Thanks for following! Tweet us when you need motivation on eating and living healthy! We're huge fans!!
Tbh I Don't Care That Jelena Has Broken Up Or Not. All I Care About Is Justin Being Happy And What Ever Makes Him Happy Makes Me Happy.
Who's in for a river ride?!
Hot night , wind was blowing where you think you're going baby?
(cc ) I can't wait to get an engraving on my new iphone
A&E is doing a marathon of your "First 48"!
Okay RT : I'm coo I ain't trippy I'm straight
Call me 216 240 3739 about the show this weekend Thanks Dan
thanks for the shoutout gorgeous! Everyone say gday to Keshia :D
It is excellent to have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant. - Shakespeare, Measure for Measure Act II
Will have Support take a look and get you an answer first thing tomorrow morning!!!
will you seriously come to martinos with me?!
The Pharaohs wife is a cold-hearted chick.
It's kinda weird when they first call you Dr. Chica -- weird but delightful!
or maybe even Wonder talks, like "I wonder what I'm going to say about that!"
we'll make new ones <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thrilled to hear another Hoya voice in the education! Am working with Alumni House to construct LinkedIn group. Interested?
We dont have 2 worry about Ron Paul sex scandals if he ever is a front runner. If there were any, he's so old women are most likely gone.
you better believe it BP
No problem at all. And thank you.
hm good observation
You ain't got ssshit on me
So. Tired. Wah I wanna cuddle
I wish I could tell you how I really feel, I wish I could tell you, but that's not our deal <U+E326>
Yes it is i wanna see it!!!!
what would be the most interesting deal you would want??
You can't sleep cuz you haven't got off twitter...
That's a pretty awesome post, thanks Lauri! :)
ok raging bull is the funniest thing ever
Why Are You Still Tweeting Me If You See I'm NOT Replying!
Playing around with which allows you to Enjoy Your Android Over-The-Air.
Why do I put myself through this pain.
Desmond listing country music artists he knows. "Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith, Garth Brooks, Jeff Gordan" hahaha
which beer/s did you have?
Kudos to my colleagues for such thoughtful and thorough Junior Seau coverage. Proud to be in your newsroom.
6972 was the official attendance per
Failure to see 'what is' doesn't make it go away. But it does take away your power to choose your future.
I got the same shirsey!!
I like french fries
I wasn't talking MPS. I was talking the County, which Walker is trying his best to ruin. Now it will cost his career.
“: PICK EM: England or Holland. #ClashOfTheGiants week continues, match kickoff Wednesday at 3pm ET.” That's easy, Holland.
send me a dm and I can give you the info to help with the fundraiser
About 2 weeks. Why do you ask?
Nice answer ;) And I'm good :) What are you going to do today ?
Yeah...it's been a rather hot week.
A shame indeed. Traded legacy for the dollar. RT : It was always about the money, and that's a shame. Farewell, Albert.
who gave you a day off!! Certainly well deserved.
to be topped only by my welcome home sausagefest... a girl can hope! Tell those jokers happy belated.
Great to see so many Aussies and Kiwis recognized/mentioned at the #oscars - ditto #union workers - AnneH's fake quarrel was dull though
i do not
i'm sitting with eunice and sandra at a booth like near the elevator... haha COOL...
cue bud light dog bringing you a beer
I come back to my office from meetings and errands to find out Vince Young is a Buffalo Bill. I'm not sure how to feel about this...
Any plans for showing in Albuquerque?
i fish in the lake near my uncles house in the mountains :) i think it's called freshwater fishing? lol :)
Yes, & gotta get you to SXSW. smh. College station please ... MT : You Shorthorns better leave this Aggie alone!...
Lidge on for save opp for
i dont like being sad
I think we could come up with something.
Ladies and gentleman...tonight's the night! See you at The Blood and Guts Ball! Doors at 8:00pm.
thanks for following us! So do you have that YouTube channel up yet?
": peace brova!" Peace homie! I hope all is well. Have a great day man.
How Steve Jobs came to play FDR in a 1984 Apple short film (Ellis Hamburger/The Verge)
RT Pause for Prayer: Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love.
same same
Yess! xx and just hang out with you..?! IM FREAKIN EXCITED!!!!! :D
Shut up little man...so familiar
is there a special someone?;)
I got niggas : I don't need niggas I got money : I don't need bitches
Impressed that librarians at Emory organized a Python class for themselves b/c wanted to do more w/ DH.
' I Miss My Boyfriend :(
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW BACK ? <3
The video has been removed on your Keving Garnett yahoo article
Thanks very much guys, I'll be joining The New York Times foreign desk.
3 Company Numbers to Closely Watch
Happy Birthday Katie!
No Brazilian Blur tonite. Barbosa out w/ strained rt hamstring. Bayless probable with sore left ankle. Stojakovic NWT w/ swollen left knee.
Hi claudia if you're reading this I need to pee and pick my nose but I'm still perfect.aight?!
please tell me you heard about john l. Smith. I am away from a radio.
Ideas for Caps game?
Dallas is smelly. We're headed back to
All women are but I still think you are awesome and you can always get eggs somewhere <3
too big for their own good. McD considered using org milk 4 smoothies but they'd literally drain the entire US supply!
Make your reservation for 2012 / 2013 before the post-Christmas rush!!
Just realized I have homework.
#question ~ do you think they named oranges before they named carrots?
hey I can't get to Bryan's you wanna just hang out later?
Followers > life
I hate it when I'm about to shower and I go to my room to grab Chonies and they beat to the bathroom ! #bs lol
Root canal done. Now to finish organizing course design workshop for Th-Fr and get ready for Italy trip starting Sunday.
Thanks, Nick. And BTW: congrats to the Giants. It came down to one play. Eli made it. Brady didn't.
I am glad that there are is not a penalty for excessive celebration in life.
you're still better than them, love you x
no thanks bro
awesome show!! I love me some Kerry she do rock!!
The intro alone is worth the price of admission
Hitting me up out of the blue cause you want something....
RT : Are you a wonk? Do you want to know? Find out /judyblog
The E:60 solidifies one thought in my mind: There's not a single other athlete in the world I'd rather root for.
Google is coming out with augmented reality glasses #sxiqexpand Question from Lev Grossman will we be judged by our interactions
oh man that looks so HAWT! I'll have to do a sexytime photo of my setup!
hope you feel better brother.
If they can't do right , we gone let em go
I like where you're going with this, actually coining the term a "Carson Daly"
the next time Eye come home.... It's a go! Will keep y'all posted.
You got it!
going to sleep :( my hand and head hurts so much tonight :(
lol i don't want Matthew knowing me as his pothead Tia :cc
Well took florida to the NC against matt and won it 27-24 hahaha better luck next year bud (probably be like 4 days in real life)
Got all expense-paid trip to Cabo. Any takers? Miss Piggy?
i really wish you would follow me. it would most definitely make my day maybe even my year. I Love You!
Happy Birthday Jessica and Rebekah Mitchell! I love you!
Hockey mask for soccer fans? Interesting mash-up.
brianna is my world without her im nothinn
Let's go Mountaineers! RT : #WVUnation all the way
in the atx tonight!!
Stay tuned for tomorrow's IAP Panel in photography, beginning at 10:00 a.m. EDT in IN Government Center South Conference Room C.
if you want to walk with T-shirts guys and fox 6 news on Saturday for the breast cancer walk hit me up asap!
listening to corynee mcsherry talk at GUs scholarly communication event. taped, so find it on website soon!
honestly will never drink again. hangover from hell.
Does anyone else find the Captcha phrases almost impossible to decipher??
can yu show owen hart tripping nd fallin at the 1998 royal rumble
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
had those on the 4th of July, so good.
my kid just got called to do a tryout/camp for a jrs team in Edmonton
I could really use a wish right now.
Soo many birthdays!!!!
I need a bookie. Clips have a shot as long as they have CP3.
Pitchapalooza = BLAST! My query is off and running, as is my persistence to see this book in the hands of my little Devins.
We look forward to welcoming the class entering 2011 in just a couple of short weeks!
More Grant Money JUST RELEASED!! Get yours today before its all gone!!
Basic lesson is that killing is nice, but not being killed is more important. Dying gives killer gold, hence "feeding them."
Old Simpsons...those were the days
I'm amazing and newly single. Couldn't be happier!
why is it called a tweet?
glad to hear! He is a great entrepreneur, person and friend,
|#quotes You look for stars. You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners.
Just logged show at Silver Ice with
GNC, it's a perfect place for you!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 18
she said she love my mind I said I love her brain but somehow I don't think we talkin bout the same thing
If you're in NY this weekend, stay warm! If you came out to San Diego for Pacific Symposium, we'll see you there!
"Children must be active participants in their learning, not just recipients." Sir Michael Barber, chief educ adv, intl.
Sleep doctor today on lunch, knee doctor tomorrow before work. #crutchlife boiiiii I think I should've studied medicine instead of business
never assume! it makes an ass out of u and me. lol
oh man... Yeah she called us. I legit thought she was crying lol. Now what!
Who knew a discussion about sex robots could be so damn funny? Where my pain meds at? My side hurts fron lmao.
i got a feeling!!!!..that tonite its gone to be a good nite!!..
Numeric Code: 93
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
working. With the new job...couldn't bounce out. Going to the game on Sunday though!
+K? Is that good? Probably awesome coming from you right? HA!
My pleasure! RT : thanks!
Les Nubians!!! At the African Economic Forum at Columbia University!!! Awesome!
Sure. Women in service to their country deserve to be abused. This is just outrageous.
you are correct sir, very cool!
“: its beginning to look a lot like christmas” not in NYC
It's been a really bad weekend. I'm heading to the gym right now to work off some frustration.
so proud of on #DWTS tonight!
You've been incredibly hostile to your followers lately, Jose. I'd like to let you know that kind of conduct is not appreciated
do u know when u will start filming the show?? Will it cause conflict with the tour dates u have scheduled?? XO
Bread and circuses allow the tyrants to rise to power
lol all you gotta do is ask. Ahha
spec op the line?
the sexpedition will be in action tomorrow. O ya :)
Oy. (How are you doing, btw?)
Took a small poll around the office and The Exorcist & The Shining seem to be at the top of the list.
When my brother tried these wings > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lmfao, can't handle.
Not Bout to sleep for awhile.
Raleigh cat foster care network gets $250000 - Charlotte Observer
today has been quite the day. asked to learn one thing new, and got shown two more atop of that. almost forgot my break to boot!
My dad dances to Ms. New Booty... Booty poppin' and all
Really wish everyone would chill the fuck out
Tags:hubspot news, customer success, lead growth
North Carolina's new slogan: No Clue, No Class, Not Cool.
Reminder to self: Sit in left field when Willingham is in #Twins lineup.
that place is delish!!!!
Tonight it's about enjoying a 2006 Saggi!
wtf is wrong with you
UGH IK SHE IS SOO STUPID I SWEAR SHE STUFFS HER BRA GRRRRRRRR......NO ONE IS GOING TO LIKE HER
Woop Woop! How does it feel to be a fiancé??
happy shopping!
i need to like sit in a corner for the rest of my life hahaha ha ha
How about a B.L.T. for brunch at The Noble today. Of course, that's a Bloody mary, (boxer) Lager, and (house-baked) Toast.
Because of the sold out crowd, we are opening check-in early at 7:30 a.m. 's Wealer Auditorium. Come down early!
I hate NBC coverage.
I wonder when will try his best to debate with me more about the importance of the words we use?
Might be less penalties at certain points, but that's no different then the nba in the final seconds or nfl in ot
yum. he's a keeper!
oh my goodness! I just saw it! Ah! I love it! :]
#fastcash ?? BOOKHOLDERS WILL BE FLYERING!!! SIGN UPS START TOMORROW at NOON
Why am I still awake? Can't sleep...
:O sorry Rafi
About how long did it take you to get your shoes in 2k12? I just got the urban city billboard endorsement.
Packing up and heading off to KC for
What do you guys want to talk about in our next video? :D
Got a interview $$$$ Nice...
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers
: Wormwood and all
Love it! 1st Healthy History Program unveiled at Ft Caroline National Memorial with Jacksonville Bch Elem. It was a success!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there from all of us at Phil's Friends. Blessings on your day!
Oh, nice! What brings you out there?
Dreamers unite for a better life..
When you send a text and regret clicking send :(
Just remembered that Wings of Desire was remade with Nic Cage and Meg Ryan.
Watching Scarface, eating a grilled portobello with Yoshida's marinade, drinking a Diet Dr. Brown's Cream Soda. Happy.
It's going on someone else's youtube page and they want me to email it. So I'm trying....
The MLS just got a little slower. Sending our love and well-wishes to Get better soon.
hi Mikey <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> Thank you so much for being such a great impact on me. You inspire me so much I can't wait til Chi town Aug<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Knockout Wings has some good chicken but... Y does it have 2B so greasy!!! Damn
I am not going to want to get up in the morning
Will not spend a dime on new clothes until I lose 10 lbs!
Congrats to Rod Pickney (Tulsa office) who successfully closed a $1.2M Dollar General in North Carolina this week!
what if they captured the radioactive lasers with their mouths and shot them back at us?!
thanks for the mention! Did you enjoy the game?
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. ~Bill Gates
Follow Back Black Beautiful :)
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
the best I must admit. coulda been better :/ trying to find a school to go too now at the moment
yw . And yea.
can't wait to see you again at mixtape! You were awesome back in january when I saw you in boston!
I love Lil Kim but if she don't leave that chile alone! Let this girl make her money!
especially if they're ugly!
2 day conference, client meetings, and castings.
When people obsess over themselves<<<<
I wonder what the Internet would look like if the KONY video had been released after the Trayvon Martin outcry.
Good morning!
Tweet us your favorite restaurant in Boston!! #BostonOnTheRun #BostonRestaurants #WhosHungry?
Who wants to see my mad tumbling skills? Everyone?!?! Ok! -make fool of self- TADA!!!!
BTW, great to see you again. AND to meet your husband!!
Gale are the good guys too because they gave me a free ride to the airport
your games don't live in the cloud though...
An antioxidant-rich diet is linked with lower stroke risk - take your Forever Omega 3 daily!
i love ryan huntermark(:
I'll be on a plane but it shouldn't be a problem unless theres a big delay
burger time!!
haha I guess
Love me, hate me... Say what you want about me... If you seek Amy
Well, was MI's 10th pick in the expansion draft...definitely going to miss him. He was a great addition to the team.
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
More of exchange: "..enhances relationships, + strengthens multicultural understanding." If there are many benefits, why isn't it done more?
Zulu in the morning!!! Gotta go to sleep!
Two suitors on the #bachelorette are from Long Beach, CA!! I hope they represent #LongBeach well!!
#FF powerhouse women to watch
Forecast calls for plenty of sunshine over the weekend in PDX, but COLD overnight lows in the mid-20s
God luv em, Coldplay's on here on the Palladia channel tryin' to rock, but they just can't do it.
and what do you throw into yours??
Mustache. Such a quaint spot.
Oh you're eligible...and a winner! Congrats :)
Good luck to all our AP Chem & AP Psych guys who are testing today!
subway for breakfast !
How much space can these lights cover...I am with a Parks and Rec.
will be in touch tommorrow.
Thanks, Ellen!
Headed to the Clem for a minute.
tastes like chicken
gotta make that cash '
Home finally <3.
Sending me the same message twice won't make me want to reply anymore than the first time
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. - Stephen King
Take the love that's right for you and your life door of success opens
You were amazing. Thanks for sharing your wisdom.
remember Haiti: text alahaiti to 20222 to donate $10 to help rebuild libraries in Haiti
im really diggin it tho...i was looking at porsches and BBAM
RT Hey bro thanks for the talk the other day. Prayers go right back to ya!
Peep me out. Thats wat u needa do! Keep it real! Have a fun&safe wknd!!!!!!!!
Stupid Italian & Biology Homework >.^
That Twitter. So buggy.
sweet, thanks! also want to get 100 of your books for our friendsofhalogen book series.
Tanner: I Tweeted! Sarah: That's gross.. -.-
Sessions has turned Matt Barnes back into the role player he once was in Orlando. Gotta Love it
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to keep up with the news of the world on a real time basis!
love you too! Upcycling rules :)
Hello :) how are you?
In need of a photographer to be there at all our events
“Pushing My Buttons” Really Doesn’t Work…I’m Like An Elevator That’s Out Of Order…
Rest in peace Maurice Sendak. You did great work and inspired imaginations of millions of children.
HELL YEAH! Let me know when you are coming!
My writing muse is in a loop. I keep writing introductions, never moving to the body of this essay. Write. Delete. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.
i hav one
Guys, just wants to know if POTUS is a lying, foreign-born murderer. Let's air both sides. What's the issue here?
and will never grow up. WHY IS THIS CAR SO INTERESTING?!
Okay, so three people that I talked to every day all stopped talking to me recently, what happened, lol.
I'll spit on a grave 4 ya (ht )
The birdie sound in the background of Beibers song drives me nuts.
Im steady getting my checks up, your at the club wasting your last bucks- P.Goods
ok well obviously we will let you know lol
#LazyWeb Who are your favorite email marketing providers for large companies? Something a bit bigger than Mail Chimp but just as awesome.
But they will soon
