he's such a dumbass ya I'm talkin about you start proof reading lol
I wanna beat oomf ass
oh word i gotta wait on my bro to get back
He is blowing my mind. RT : #TED2012 Reggie Watts is a totally brilliant and HYsterical comedian! Google him!
Jeremy lamb, kyrie, triston and anderson. The other 3 picks would only put us over the top
ok cool…gonna check it out!!! You da man!!!
Watching Max's face during judge commentary! I thought he'd go postal!
I got love on my mind
Ab workout wow... that was something all right. Ouch.
Love, not when youíre lonely. But love, when youíre ready!
that's quite the welcome
haha of course I can!! ;) looks so simple
After seeing Megan in her Draper-worthy apartment, #BettyDraper shoots whipped cream--then thinks better of it & spits it out.
Congrats to Judy and Jim Delisle re: the nomination for "The Gifted Teen Survival Guide."
RT ¤ Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves. Larry King
Good, and I hope you get a better welcome home than that at some point today ;)
nope makes me think of good times and memories.
Today G by Guess PULSE Unplugged Event. 30% Off Everything. Not a PULSE member? Sign up store
The new season is starting this month. I heart British costume dramas.
Wow ok that is weird. but but I was talking about the used catheter com,
Are You An Independent Artist? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!
What are House music DJs supposed to do when they turn 40?
omg this makes me so happy. Reminds me of my Grammy from Mae Sot
People be drunk as fuck in
The other day there were some people on Market Street holding signs that said "Free Hugs". I know a bargain when I see one.
Thanks for the link. Suitable for posting on a white board. Or two. Or three...
In order to make fans like me to continue to approve of spec racing, is to allow for diverse engine rules.
Anyone recommend a good coffee shop in Center City Philly or near #TempleU? I need a good semi peaceful place to study/read.
Oh my Jesus. It was him<3 c: . . I can't even be mad lol.
#worstmovietitles "S" ... I'm guessing it's about snakes? lmfao!
Ready for another crazy day at the studio....
. I love the idea of turning Iowa into a blue zone. Do you think that this can happen until we re-think our agricultural system?
Hope there are plenty for them to grab. hehe
looks like a good time
thanks veggie man!
yep gone follow back homie
You proud of your lil sis? Out of 450 on my CAHSEE, I got 414 in Math and 441 in English ^.^
LMAO, O, sorry for mentioning ass & off in this text. Be easy bruh
Glad there happy*insert sarcasm here*
#NFB GO FOLLOW HER N SHOW HER SUM LOVE.
On the way to Temecula, by way of Anaheim.
Yeah, it does. As long as you're willing to be that dummy using an iPad as a camera at a concert.
Weekend is to enjoy time with your horse, and for your horse to enjoy time with you...
neil get the word out...if its made in NC, dont buy it...#money is power and we have it
Pretty excited about Dreamweaver CS6 and jQuery Mobile support!
Probably not. Will do. Thanks!
Thanks for following. Looking forward to hearing from you
Tixs on order for June in Cincinnati -- great way to kick off the summer! :)
- I just have to say it but I have learned a lot from you! Keep 'em coming !
It may be poorly written however it's selling out and it has some steamy parts that make it worth it.
NOTICE ME . LOVE ME. FOLLOW ME.
Personally I can't wait until #paulchryst is gone I think he is way to conservative.
On gon pop tht pussy for a real nigga
Anthony's trying to convince me to learn #erlang and #haskell - I'm not sure, though. Sounds too easy. ;-)
Thanks for the follow! #nf fb .
I miss you too. Even though I've never met you... lol :)
your late night tweets, while entertaining, suggest you may be sleep-deprived.
Just got on & realized i have 812 FOLLOWERS ! That might not be alot to some people but it is to me. (: thank you so much
Mobile tour content wrkshp reiterates rule #1 to keep in mind: the audience is on their feet.
Just picked up my Evanescence CD/DVD today! My poster got ruined :/ But the CD is fucking amazing and I cannot get enough of it!
haha do you want them? T has Starbucks cups in the prop closet if you need one.
Super excited for the
Awww. That's nice of you. Those radiolab guys are amazing, right?
I wish would notice me cause I'm really really sick and it would mean so much to me and make me feel better <3
Four Year Strong live in Manila :O
I had the Zags on that one
I have no memory of anything !
HAVEN'T BEEN IN SCHOOL ALL WEEK. woo.
Home now after #NYCFun2Day -- now preparing for tomorrow's meal! #ILuvNY<U+2764>
Hey Bailee:) are you going to the Starlight Gala this year? I miss you!
Image is work of Cristina Paulos
hahaha. No not today. Everybody probably has plans cause it's Easter. Maybe like next weekend or something?
Funny to get a call from the guys to make sure were gettin together for taco bell tuesday
That moment when the whole bus full of softball girls starts singing "We Are Young"
Golf tryouts in a few with
sociology careers
ND game tonight and Dance Moms!!!
All I know is I was enchanted to meet you, <3
: Was he at #WI7? Swoon. Let me know about the app.
thanks! (guess now we know what both our Sunday morning routines are...)
"keep your swerve in control" ah, that's the beat!
RT : SendGrid customer service is just
#CENATION4EVER we stand behind our fearless leader any day! Win or Lose we always have pride in you RT If you agree
if I find out you watched more army wives we are fighting
Karma's a bitch...
All the street lamps on the north side of my street are out. #Dumbledore?
Wha wha what?!? It's not there anymore? I used to go there all the time !! When did that happen?
Also, stop yelling in Arabic on the phone. I know we're past that as a society, but...
Wow, Matt Kemp is unlikable.
Matthew, y n tf u got on a PINK JACKET on lmfao #im weak aza bxtch
good morning! Haha
When your sisters asleep still when you really need her <<<
happy birthday(;
endings like that give my game #hope also love the place by Riles
Free beer at sprechers pub tonight! You need to follow to get more info!
Thank you :) RT : happy mothers day!
The fact that Sam says she's not smart but just did a good portion of my bio homework from memory and doesn't even go to my school...
Exactly! I see u about dat life. Lol
Had to rescue my neighbor today who got stuck on his roof after his friend left with the ladder and forgot he was on the roof
Great things happening at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis! Come experience it with us!
can't stream Thor < $10 tonight. Fuck you, studios. I pirated it.
what dont i like is easier! with work and school is tough to play but im doing SWTOR, WOW, Skyrim, Fallout 3 New Vegas
You alright?x
Giant Rain!!!
Vinnie Chulk is in the major leagues.
I got mi mama crackin the fuck UP! Lol
#askmadonna Did you make an appearance @ Tracy Young's MDNA album release party in N.Y? Are you working with her to make new mixes?
Here's my issue with One Direction, they act like kids and I'm practically one still.
anyone up?!
Plane grounded in CHI for possible infectious rash...zombie apocalypse anyone? Start planning
Just saw Wonderland and gotta say not a huge fan which was a surprise!
Okay! Not a single problem with me! Even better :DD
At with , , and to hear U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor speak
bork, i feel so sick:(
Drowned? Um, if she only drowned then why was the child bound up & her mouth covered with duct tape?
Probably not necessary, but I also won't say no. I'll be home around 6 unless traffic is bad. I'll DM address
good thoughts on a regular basis
Hehe nope but I could watch The Great Train Robbery ANY day. In fact... I'm going to make popcorn and watch it again.
A strange article, I thought. Though chess may help with strategy!
Game of Thrones. Let it begin!
wheres it from ???
The Metra BNSF action at Roosevelt/Canal doesn't start until after 4pm and it subsides at around 6:25. Picking up the pictures before then.
Ma its too early to be tlking this much g-shit!
RT after this first album... on the next one... i'm going to produce, write, and record al via the iPad.
Now, Jovita, now. It's really to late, as I think about it...There's always prayer. :-)
here is some family to follow...RT
If I'm out of town and im hitting you up, clearly you mean a lot to me, don't take me for granted, a girl like me comes once in a lifetime..
oh well
have you tested Google + for collaboration?
wish I could be there too!
is their a Lush close o where you live?
March is one month closer to July, and then we have CFL Football!!! YES!!!!
Oh, most definitely, the internet can be boring as all get-out.
What do you think about new platforms & when is it the right time to try something new?
About to watch the Manchester #Derby Go
depends...what team jersey is that in your profile pic
Wish we were at #sdmediaPR! Hope you're all having great time! - Denise
We enjoyed learning about your Rock UR Athletic Storage contest this morning from
Great to be with yesterday at #ChildrensHospitalBoston for Management Grand Rounds!
Our 3yo daughter just told me my wine glass "has no stem." We might drink too much wine.
Poverty and diminished local control of schools due to corporatization efforts.
Until we are given a playoff system there's only 1 thing to do.....Boycott FCS College Football!!!
that is the second trucker serial killer story I've read this month. He isn't the only torture hanger guy...major creepers.
Yep. Whatever works for folks. I generally do Omnigraffle sketches to get myself organized, and then prototype in HTML.
TO EARLY FOR ME TO SLEEP
we could all pray to sweet Virgin Cheryl.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
I miss NBA on NBC
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
nope. Undergraduates seem to be highly navigation challenged.
is taking Lyss & friends to see #TheLuckyOne tomorrow for her bday. I'll be hanging w/ Ray & Jas!
Need a credit card so I can set up this gamefly account
RT “Children will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u cherished them.” Richard L. Evans
I started using turkey more. Turkey bacon, turkey chorizo sausage yum... Surprised how good they are!
Compline. Tonight. My house. All are welcome.
sure i will
hey can you please follow back? :)
Cookin sum food so I can board this plane and play 2k12
Darn. Another realist.
Fuck saying Eat that Dick up New saying is U can eat that ham
we'll see about that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Gemini center hooping.
Why do people unfollow me? :[
My mom doesn't want to take me prom dress shopping until I get a date, wtf no!
that sucks. Same way with the Gatorade recovery with protein. Taste like
"I think big,and then I allow myself to accept even more." Louise L. Hay
that thingy from the movie is more your type!
When life throws you a curve ball, buckle at the knees and bail out of the box. Because you're life’s bitch like that.
Lol, isn't bad we immediately think of terrible junior high BB refs when this happens? Hope baseball's going well!
Swagger on a milli right about now
Brantley () likens ebooks to flying cars
when u coming to Dallas brotha??
Thank god we have FOX news or we never know whats really going on with news FOX is the only one that's cares to show what really happen
Stokley is in for a visit with team today.
<3 go add us on facebook! We are under the page owner list. Carson and Trent post updates alot :)
ah sweet. had you considered zipcar?
We <3 it! RT : Just poured a whole page for #goreviewcontest for my experience! bit.ly/qTGJgJ
you stupid hoe !!
some times its good to take a step back where you come from just to be sure you wanna go where your headed
One of those nights...
Fun fact: a shark cornea is similar to a human cornea, it has previously been used in eye surgery.
Not feeling like myself.
On a National Guard helicopter
Does anyone need a car transported from PA to the west coast?
CHECK OUT THA MUSIC FROM THA O.G @ OGBIGGTRAI187/MYSPACE.COM OR GOOGLE OG BIGG TRAI AKA MR.COWBOY PEEP THIS DALLAS O.G OUT FRESH OUT TEXAS
NBA IS BACK!!!!
Calling #artists, what do u think of having your #art on #Pinterest? R u concerned they'll claim rights to it?
technically it should've been enferma..
Maurice Clarett was also a third round draft pick.
I think Mr. Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grindr!!!
Lazy day ? why not :P
There's going to be a "Battleship 2" >>>
I wouldn't be shitty for no reason? That obviously wasn't a damn joke. But ightttt
I reffering to possibly some news on Nestragel, possible news on VIBEX MTX being ahead of schedule.
People act like they never been on a plane before. Sit ya fatass down in the right seat. #whoop #uastupidhoe!
dude, have fun!
not by choice dear for work and go there every 3 months. Truthfully its not that bad. Peeps I work with are pretty nice.
If you like ceviche and empanadas Cafe Secret in Del Del Mar is for you. Staycation day 2.
...I didn't care one bit about work or money - that was the life
Austin's favourite colour is red
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS <U+2665>
I love because he tries to notice us and tweet us. He's so down to earth. Love him.
Check out Ryan Mack's new book, Living in the Village: Build Your Financial Future and Strengthen Your Community.
Millenials first generation of the digital age. Everyone else are digital immigrants.
I don't even find family guy funny anymore like I used to.. but the Simpsons has stayed as a good classic that still does...
RT with your weekend plans! Are you going to be visiting any merchants?
I knew it I knew it!! Isaac finna be a big brother #Kailyn and Joe
I can't wait until Monday @ noon. When I can finally relax.
"The Heat fans should throw rats on the court!"
FHS Powercat Robotics: selected by the second-seed Parish Episcopoal HS for finals alliance @ Ben Barber-UTA FTC Qualifier
I feel special that you retweeted me! I owe you a rt now
tell me now if you posted the winner so I can avoid twitter. If its not Sharon needles or FiFi le Pew I'll go on a murder spree
On our #teamfollowback shit. FOLLOW US, WE WILL FOLLOW BACK. ,,,
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
James mom is so mean.... Kinda.
thanks to you both. I'm about to be the new kid in town so I'll keep my eye on your tweets.
you are so cute
Join DC politics with Eugene & Chuck today at 11am. Our guest is Chief Cathy Lanier
so how you been doing working out??
how are you? im so bored. what are ya doing?
working and saving my money up so I can go back to school
yeah at DD in he PAC :) I hope you can make it!
is it possible for you to follow me today? #NeverSayNever :)
FAVORITE COLOR IS BLUE
in regards to the boy cave
Retweet this if you love your music outdoors! What was the last show you saw at an outdoor venue?
Turning the corner and being better aren't close to the same thing, but damn, I'll take whatever comes along at this point!
fort lauderdale
Still can't believe I met one of my fav LA artists, the oh-so-charming Mark Bradford tonight.
If you look too closely at the form, You miss the Essence. — Rumi /via
and I bet you follow them
#NP YOU DESERVE IT ~ FUTURE
Just finished a mtg w/ a local business man, friend and client. Love learning & sharing w/ sharp folks.
he sucks
Watching Degrassi. I missed too much.
know of any solar companies looking for designers? Product or architectural?
Now we talking the weather is mad nice out thank god
Third Annual Anderson v. Turpin Alumni basketball game on Mar. 3 at 7pm at AHS.
Isn't a lot of that testing rather than using data to make targeted copies, or maybe it's both?
Good Morning! If you would create something, you must be something. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Create your day!
This comedian again....
This is going to be a really busy couple of weeks.
I emailed you to see if you'd moved... let me know if you didn't get it.
lol she said she still your sis
Thanks for the love :D xoxo
Follow :D
always been a fan & followed your work & watched you evolve, but I swear your tweets make me to fall in love with you.
Greetings DrSuad: The PHC talk sounds like one I NEED to hear! Was it recorded? (fingers crossed...)
Enjoyed exploring ideas for immersive experiences in sensitive spaces: prisons & touchy topics:slavery/holocaust
Valentines Day Weekend has arrived. Don' forget about the wonderful make-up artist here at Betty Lash.
I'll email it to you right now! I hope you find the site as awesome as I do. :)
Thanks for the
: Amazing! Do you have a list of the bars we visited? The Sheraton for Karaoke--place was always full of regulars!
So at least he's for bikini-clad women...."How can I be anti-women? I even judged the Miss America pageant." ~ Rush Limbaugh
All I did was lend a sofa and crack jokes. Lol.
Try this. Go see #HungerGames then rent #BattleRoyale and see which is better
Let's just say worst case that Coach would leave, who would be your first Coach to get a call ????
My feet are cold. The sun came out for a few moments. But it's cold again.
Lmao only time me and my mama get along is when we dont like the same person
I SAID IM CUMMING!
Thanks to everybody who came out last night, it was a great time!
New Episode of The Virtual Zone coming up!
I hope this ends soon. What a nightmare for all of you.
Heading to in Roseville for some damn fine thin-crust pizza & drinks this Thursday. Drop by, say hi, 7pm.
I really cannot wait for summer
Dick Woodcock. Middle school could not have been fun.
Oh My God mine look identical!
no.. I have absolutely nothing to hide...
Watching chance of larger system (changes likely in track and type of precip) to impact Midwest by late next week; could be significant.
Yesterday was my first time visiting Poly in quite some time. Was impressed with the alumni patent wall. Loved the college acceptance wall!
Did you know that if you have a new roof your homeowners insurance will be lower...if you would like more information call me 303-922-1001
Develop and define his vision and start raising $. Then hire bulldozers to plow Downer Woods for an athletic village.
That dress is amazing!
I would love to have some popcorn right now and just sit back and watch classic disney movies all night but I dont have a VCR just a DVD :(
Way to go #Broncos! Great game for #15!
The banking industry prospers during hurricanes, there are loans to be given out.
My roommate is a total D-bag
if i had to choose between loving you, and breathing. I would use my last breath to say I LOVE YOU.
when I get asked to prom they better bring me chicken nuggets
Montana or Oklahoma?
Feeling blessed and grateful, there is something magic about making mud pies with my munchkins : )
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
Yeah that would be interesting to see but unfortunately I have to wait for TNT.
Whoo! Work was HOT today! Finally off...hope everyone had an ok day!
#brewers win!!
Good morning Jeff. :)
why yes!
Singing in dah shower *" :)
when I read "dead mouse," I read "dead mouse"
Learned lump of scar tissue I had removed from my hand is common among alcoholics... Hm
Good day of meetings, headed home .... thanks to JetBlue, will be watching first game at #Marlins Park. Let's Go Fish!
I was planning on attending the GIS session, but I may stop in to get some more ideas. I'm presenting at 11:00.
Bad River are holding a press conference in room 200 North
None yet.
The storm is headed my way. Wind, creepy sky, thunder......ajo & I-19 area
Thanks for the follow, good luck with the book.
Or Rachel you just need to put your beer goggles on...
It's more than a product, more than a service - this is an experience. Go
hi boo
: businesses can join the for free - email leah at acsf dot org for more info.
lol omg no yours were not worse than sniggle dwarf and ekanuggetz
hahaha stop being sick then! you know it's bad when some random band consistently tells you to take nyquil
awesome! Glad you guys could connect :) cc
I'm diggin the color scheme for this #Thunder #Mavericks game. I think both teams called each other b4 the game to coordinate this?
Cure for Agenda21 = 6 - 8 year term limits, anyone over 50 yrs. have to take mental evaluation each year for Eccentric Behavior =Gone Looney
Meryl Streep wins on reputation, not performance. No need to joke about half of America being disappointed...poor joke at Viola's expense
Toes are cold. Thighs are warm. Bottom Lip is chapped.
hello brotha man how are ya!
A wise fortune teller with 3 nipples told me Comic Book Men will be back a 2nd season!
who cares lol
listening to "I Want You Back" on YouTube.. God I love this song. :)
Yoo roberto was outside b4 :o <3
Hey long time no see =( lol can we set up a radio interview soon with me & my manager??
i know you are not responsible for the mess but you can be part of the solution
yea bro I got mad hats lol just give it to me whenever you remember
on google
he's barking up the wrong tree. haha. get at me later, we're messing with Milan's function tonight.
Agreed—plus I used to think consciousness was the fundamental function of the Self & I held a more blank-slate view of the Mind
A vending machine of fun
All bst SAH Tx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Happy Mother's Day!
& invoking a logical fallacy is exactly what YOU did (apparently unwittingly) in supporting ur argument, I just called u on it.
What games do you want couch co-op buddies for? I'm been meaning to find an excuse to hang with you, Justin, Keith, et al. IRL.
honestly surprised you haven't unfollowed me, I tweet way too much. thanks for following love ya <3
Stars/ have come down/ tonight/ what beauty/ we believe they are/ shimmers with its concept
First day of Graph Expo 2011 and we're staying busy! Stop by booth #4015 to see our new HP packaging.
Looking forward to participating in #NYSCATE Mobile Learning Summit later this AM!
You guys!! I'm on a panel, "The Future of Libraries: The Next Generation" for the Mass Lib conference this year. Mod by Maureen Sullivan!
I'd rather see some Black Widow sex appeal
haha will do:)
Thank you! And happy birthday month to you :)
Good morning all.
It's coming soon! I promise! P.S. Got the score for "The Heroine and the Cad" today!
All the speakers agree the main problem in maths teaching in schools is teaching to the test #QuantMethodsConference RT...
Happy Mother's Day to you. Thank you for the kind word. is fixing lunch for us.
we just got out of chruch and now at the library
RT : 55401: my neighborhood is going in the crapper. How do I know? The number of loud noises from #Badgers fans
Its 100 degrees and I just can't wait to get into my car that's been sitting in the sun all day
YES. Huge amounts of approval.
Great film subjects! ": Off day film study.... Jerome brown,reggie white, and john randle #badmen"
My Mind is saying one thing & My Heart is saying another… I want to listen to My Mind but My Heart is Overpowering Everything right now.....
Dumping Seesmic for Tweetdeck. No character counter and doesn't auto pick Twitter account with I hit reply. Irritating.
heey we can be real friends :) hahaha!
Happy Thanksgiving Jack! Hope you have a great day and good luck on the court this season.
FYI: If you're downloading and getting a lot of security Qs, that's Apple beefing up their security.
RT : RT : The greatest gift is #life... so don't waste a second and #MakeItCount!
lol no u don't
Seems like the entire DC fire dept has surrounded my house.
DS: quick note... I know Andy Dalton had a good year for a rookie... But by no means did he deserve to be named a Pro Bowl alternate.
What's your #FridayNight looking like #Madison?
its hard to leave a lover but if the lovers cheated,they've already left.
Blood of a slave Heart of King<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
RT : Gingrich announcing the end of his campaign today is like calling up your ex 3 months later to tell him you're over him
He took the goggles off! Quick someone go hide them!
KGL and Hoda just announced that those who sleep on the left side of the bed are more cheerful and positive. Hey, that's me!
With an anytime fitness on Freret membership- you're not just strengthening muscles, you're strengthening a movement....
China's looming conflict between energy and water - On Line opinion
hahaha not a fan?
Where are u my dear!?
the dream is real Kenny god bless you and your family I appreciate now and long before...2620!!!
The young woman who just sold you a ticket for sunset cruise on Havana Harbor isn't allowed on the boat. End #Cuba Tourist apartheid.
Tara we'd love to help out. Shoot us a DM we'd love to hear more about the opportunity.
any word of a possible trade for 76ers? They need a closer/steady scorer bad.
RE:| I got you! Thanks for the respond...
FUCK MY LIFE I AM ACTUALLY OBSESSED WITH TUMBLR RIGHT NOW! but im on the daily limit think so i like 341 pics to reblog Yeah! I HAVE NO LIFE
You'll get offers sent to your phone while on the GO! Up to 1 special offer sent per day from different places in the city. Ready..Set..GO!
M.I.A. and resumes in my office
What do you think THE EFFACING is? I'll tell you.... Once it is complete..
absoulutely": ": About to see the Avengers with " It was so good! Definitely recommend!"
my friend sent me a coast to coast poster in the mail and its signed :') i never got to see him on the tour :(
my boy!! What's good fam! I know you our there grindin ha ha
What the hell is the doing trading superstar Mona Ellis and up-and-coming Ekpe Udoh? The #Warriors are going to lose many fans!
he said effff this and went out for beers
I will talk with About the name.. I might be able to talk her into it!
Definitely needed!! RT : Great panel on atty/agent ethics at #SLA2012. Question re why agents dont have their own org
I am off to bed. Great night of living it up in Nice!
Oh yeah! Your day is off to a good start, i'd say.
hey there! just saw your tweet come through in my #NVEnergy search and realized I hadn't seen u in forever! How are u?!
it's that time of the day.
Sports Grill To Watch The Heat Game [:
So thankful God has blessed me with such a beautiful woman inside and out!
and to you as well!
Happy Birthday to me!!
OSU racquetball team wins 5th straight title
First day of summer...
If you're the mayor, then I'm the Governor. RT : I just became the mayor of Nicki from Greendale on ! Boo-ya!
My poor little feet
Do you have a favorite area car wash?
Just looked at the questions - I like! Will respond tonight after work! :)
yup. I'm under the dryer.
but they've not shipped it yet… You're using a beta service
if you wanted anything romantic to happen with a girl, what would it be?
Birds of Paradise! My mom has HUGE ones growing in her back yard.
Almost summer yeah! Hope you have great day!
Ahh, #starbucks chai latte. I wasn't kidding #cildc See you tomorrow.
LA THIS WEEK!
book lover and want an actual copy, i will have those available in the next couple weeks. Have a great night, time for some Chipotle!!
I think it's safe to say that J.R. Smith just threw down the dunk of the night.
Just four more days
"a jane austin hero in a john grisham world"
Happy Halloween. Have a Great One! Love You!
Trends are showing that the internet is the single greats form of Marketing for salons.
what. I don't know what that means lls
Hoboken New Jersey, birthplace of baseball. Did you know that?
i say we pitch in and buy him one. lol
Awkward day
Order sent to Renee in AZ!
yeah that's what I thought too
As always, another fun event from & the crew. Great to catch up with , et al
In my last class of undergrad, wow!
Watching King Kong; about to go to lunch & finish my exam! (=
Just went to wrong location for my audition. I'm at the beach audition in Hollywood. No worries ill make it!
sure but you need to get a frikin phone
I did.
Let me do you Bad, apparently THAT GUY wins...
Tune into the show tomorrow morning at 6 and 8 am for the number to call to donate for Bikes for Kids! Help make a child’s holidays special!
Its too nice for it to be christmas this weekend. I hate tricky weather
context clues are a bitch
So who figured out where my official birthday party will be?
Off to see at KenCen with !
Purple pink orange sunrise
that's just unfair. Mom and Dad making us choose.
I don't think it matters how religious you are, or aren't - the Bible really is the best place to go to for advice
Thanks for the shout out! I look forward to getting involved and meeting you all soon!
This guy is high. Or drunk. Or something
Nothing looks the same and everything reminds me of
hahaha, I remember writing a beautiful thank you note roughly 3 weeks after the wedding.
agreed. But knowing he will hook up new spidey w/ spidergirl jess drew..make it some weirdness
Could there be a bad one?? :) RT : Was it a good mention? RT : mentioned
fortune telling Lady, Cain, Abel, hunchback of ND, Good Samaritan, Ophelia, Noah, Einstein, Robin Hood, jealous monk, dr Filth...
Great white sighting in Mission Beach today? Oh great, just in time for me to go back there.
I love all the CUTE :)
THX for the #FF love! Really nice company to be in, too!
Hey-I'll send you a direct message to discuss!
Just got back from Six Flags!! Fun day but my feet hurt so bad haha
Hard work pays off.
Not watching the pitt hoops game?
Bedtime on #FF 4 and those he loved:
New love of mine These Kids Wear Crowns <3
you can buy cats !!!!!!! ahahaah jk u wont ur too cute !!!!
My sister acts like she's the most important person in the world. Not like I was trying to show you something or anything. Ugh fuck youu.
Looking forward to Mngful Use: Lessons Learned from Stage 1 Implementation. Firecracker moderator in /
as in anything can happen.
Feliz dia de el Maestro from USA for Mexico
Tom Cat and Jerry mouse.
where is the Compass bowl - its not on Siri 84 like the on-line guide says it should be!
RT : The funniest people are the most depressed. // Whether absolutely true or not, certainly gives pause.
I'm completely down with that
I want ZOO 2012!!
It's Fat Tuesday! Maestro is fueling our creative energy with fresh, delicious paczkis! Yum! How will you indulge today?...
not much sleep for me I guess. :(
Ex husband sent Chloe (8) to school today in socks as he couldn't find her shoes!! He did find them after a few hours but is he for real?
had a great time last night at the Our Lady of Lourdes annual dinner dance!
Suckfest! This Amtrak has no outlets! No play by play this trip
Working for one of the South's great newspapers, the Nashville Tennessean.
*sings along* ^-^ rt : how many times can my hands hit the ground? “: How many times will the clock go around?”
The more I'm myself, the more I learn about myself, the more happy I am.. with myself.
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe that America reads at a seventh grade level.
happy 4th to you to sir! What you got planned?
I think IA results say a lot to back up my previous assertion about Perry being Republican nominee. Just imagine if he was on the ballot...
Major downpour in Miami last night.site of Wrestlemania.. WWE officials are said to be concerned with weather tonight..would love a downpour
We're developing transition resources for #CCSS & conducting a full gap analysis. Using it to plan PD.
is pretty much the beez knees. So ya.
U already been knowin shit RT Had my first black Thanksgiving this weekend. White Thanksgiving needs to work on its game
we will go soon!!!
When you hang out with , expect things to get all serious. Complete with official calendar invites to drink wine.
You like that huh? Mean Church is an impossible contradiction. It's like round-square or cold-fire, or - in my case, clean kitchen.
#Chicago gettin in that #Detroit ass
sounds fun!
All I can say right now is that when it rains, it sure does pour. I wish I could be in 2 places at once for the next 3 weeks!
aren't we due for some face time again? Seen Zorn of late?
So, fellow academics, a question: does anyone actually /like/ grading papers? Be honest.
you inspire me.
just pretend they're greg castetter and you're driving a car
Any time I tweet then I just happen to get a random mention afterwards, I always have a mini heart attack thinking it's him.
Not going to sit in this house today I'm going out!
Did I seriously forget my Free Hugs button on Free Hugs Day? MAN.
holy shit the yogurt commercial parody was hilarious.
Georgia;Atlanta :)
This American Life had to retract the #iphone story, but #workconnectsusall still, even #sxsw hipsters and poor Chinese toilers.
Outrageous nerve!
are you surprised?
Glad you liked it!
According 2 the new Footloose, when ur mad u should dance. I know poppin' and lockin' for me gets it all out.
how rude -.- & I found out that boys name :)
Happy Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Motivate - Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
iStreamPlanet Drives Video Delivery in the Cloud with Intel® Xeon ...
Listening to our first record on vinyl. Pretty sweet!
at livestrong park last summer. it was awesome. excited for some timbers games too:)
I wish I liked football
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Let go of F.E.A.R. Fridays (Failure Expected And Received)
Stealthy pic FAIL. I didn't turn my sound off :-X lol
Once they unveil me, the tour will only be of me.
Students who use it in a positive and in the right way can market themselves to companies and become aware of opportunities and events....
Start Bledsoe on Parker. Grab some boards. Heal the injuries. Keep your chin up. Throw more lobs. Remove the glass.
As usual U R Super amazing!!! I loved tonight's performance! I want U & Joshua to be the Top 2
Selenators & Smilers Yay I'm so happy I'm both <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#DontGiveUpBecause that's what all them hoes want you to do
I mean I know I have but that's not always true.
That link was via , btw.
Apparently my knuckle looks, feels, and smells like a grape, because my foster bunny just bit into it.
Opened the door for Dan Bylsma and Ray Shero -Crazy!!!
So pissed off on how this night is going... not enough girls...
Your nails look awesome!
Need more followers!!! Lmfao
you're nothing but a liar.
Holding back your feelings stops you from getting hurt, but it also hold you back from true happiness.
RIP Dick Buckley.
it's not annoying!
You are welcome! I enjoyed it and would be happy to come anytime! Well, as long as there's Chi dogs again :-)
You know someone means a lot to you, when their mood can easily affect yours
GOD BLESS AMERICA
Thanks for the follows guys!
R u going to Kzoo? NCS?
If loving Hall & Oates is wrong, we don't want to be right
I <3 Indy! RT : Just heard MSNBC's Darren Ravelle on ESPN radio call #Indy the best #SuperBowl city he's ever seen!
Getting yelled at by stefan who is on Skype with me for tweeting in front of him, I can multicast stefan :D
heard 2 guys debating scratching out "wife" and writing in "girlfriend" because good cards are gone
follow me please!
Any man that isn't a vegetarian and says they don't eat Boston Market, actually eats cum.
girls are easy on stickam
Yes way :)
i get so competative when im apart of something because I do my best thats y im always known as another coach! Bc i carry my team with me
R E T W E E T IF YOU IDOLIZE MILEY CYRUS.
I have yet to see a single cat pop up on my frame, I think it was an empty threat :P
thanks for the response... any time frame? do we know when it will be fixed?
Giants get Super rings, aim to be dynasty Ten tables wasn't big enough for Justin Tuck. He wanted his second Super Bowl ring to be bigger
is heading to Miami in 2 days. Will be touring the Norwegian Epic.
Thanks for clearing that up!
yes saturday lunch was mis-timed; we asked to pull it back to 1 pm since people were hungry - they said yes but took till 2 anyway.
eh... we try ! tell your friends to take a listen :D
RT Braised beef sandwich is mighty tasty...
— How do I cancel your service?
Trivia for today: Where does our motto "e pluribus unum" come from? The answer is surprising!
I Was Going Thru My Call Log The Other Day And All I Saw Was Your Name, I Was Thinking What I'm Thinking This Girl Got Me Feeling Some Kinda
I stood the last two minutes of that game. The #thunder are so easy to cheer for and let's be honest, we don't see crowds like that in MKE.
I'll be in my bunk.
He ban me to touch my cellphone cause I've got bad mark and he hold my phone :(((
The CD for the Evening with Neil & Amanda is probably the most beautiful CD I've seen. I can't wait to see what this brings!
RT : Follow us and share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 WIN a ROOM NITE! Today is the last day!
Someone who will listen to me, let me ask questions, and give me wise counsel... and someone who will hold me accountable.
I'm hungry as shit might go sit down for lunch today
They told me to take a streetcar named desire&then transfer to on called cemeteries &ride six blocks&get off at Elysian fields!_ T Williams<U+272F>
#NowWatching Horrible Bosses
I no longer have my phone contact me on FB to get in touch w/ me
Hipster Rule: one of you has to sell out and keep your car for the days when your fellow hipsters don't feel like biking during rush hour.
I'm sure you are right. xo Auntie
SO I SEND my prayers out for your brother's fast recovery which prob wnt be that fast like ten days lol poor guy
Not really. :( But I will be.
In order to succeed you need to have more desires than excuses. Keep smiling.
boyfriend came on the radio and i had a spaz attack. Omg.
i got a pix of Nancy Polsi in flower dress & beads bandana '68 SF Ca she still fits the WS prots today 7 likes it
I completely disagree. I think, more than ever, they stuck to their plan.
Connectria Hosting Unveils an IBM i Cloud - IT Jungle
I'm always open to hearing about story leads.
At Sonic Then Starbucks Later With My Mommy <3
Working on The Juggernaut, hope to have it in the bag in bout a week. - Drummer
coming soon!
Here go the officials sucking lebrons dick. Omg so annoying
She's jamming out to your hubby again...
ok ok ya got us... our first tweet! Look forward to specials, event shout outs, and more info on 25th anniversary celebrations!
A few days off after a great weekend of shows! Thanks to those of you who came and those who didn't - we start back up again Thursday at 8!
They thought about holding us late. Wtf
skip i love ya man !
I wish i could say i even had a childhood Let alone a good 1
GET IT BABES...paperchasin tell that paper look I'm right behind ya!!
Dear #usgov ... lets not go to war with Iran.. they never did anything wrong to the USA, and lets not start a fight we cant Finish
You got skills!!! Great sound! Best Regards! Eric
In other news, I dyed my hair finally!! woot woot!
Ah. First sip of coffee in the morning. That's about right.
Marketing tip: Capture walk-in traffic using a fishbowl to collect business cards. Follow-up by sending discounts, coupons or specials.
At #Chicago o'hare airport heading home after 3 days - certainly better than #CDG last week
hi you on i g2g to bed in 2 mins big day tommorow
IM SORRY I WAS JUST WONDERING HOW OLD U WERE
im findinding this out seems he is growing by the minute he is such a good baby also i love being a mom HUGS TO U
Last night, Charles Barkley showed no love for the #gospursgo even after the win in Denver- he thinks SA is not even the best team in Texas.
Still at work
no worries! None at all!
Jump start your weekend with a delicious cup of our freshly brewed 100% Colombian Coffee. Get your free cup during breakfast hrs!
place of my dreams! I have old Colonial roots back to a bigamous Pilgrim (srs) & can't wait to actually see more of the area.
Hey! Thank you guys for spinning my song, "Glide." It is sincerely appreciated.
Chillin in my room getting ready for the next 2 meets in the the next 2 dayz <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
thanks again for producing that track for and I. Good work all around boys.
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe When people step on my shoe!
yep.... its in the mail!
Wealth principle- Keep your focus on your customers needs & not on your competition.
Teaching today, four students coming to paint with me! FUN.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. ~ Mary Ann Williamson
Answering student and faculty questions about education and copyright (Section 110 and Section 107).
Not only do I look forward to Mon nights because it's my free night, but also because it means #Bachelor tweets by
and furthermore....bedfellows, make politics strange
my boyfriend of 5 months....is gone
They'll just have to make due with finger paints until college, according Strip Club Logic.
It's SO beautiful outside! It helps that the JOY of the Lord is my strength too, because He gives me the ability to even enjoy the weather!
Spending time this week getting to know and how we might use it for Thanks, !
44 days til I move back to Chicago!!!
What does that mean?
Yes, really enjoy the #smss12 training. I get lots of recent info, and data from experts across industries.
lol xD Damnn.. Well are you still gonna be in there with us? Please dont leave you make it brighter xD
Text me 7024187833
"that's why I love her, she my gutta bihhhh."
I wish I could spend a day in the shoes of one of my followers just so i could have the privilege of following me
Oh, Yoghurt. RT If I responded w/ "May the schwartz be with you." Would you know what I meant or would you think I'm crazy? :)
Yea for Goldsmith... Don't be upset about that... You wanna go back to school remember? Lol...
Stewart Robson must be trying to give Steve McManaman a run for title of World's Worst Commentator
Skyline football
Ah, the RedSox lose to the Yankees! Fenway has survived 100 years of this agony.
Shaunie O'Neal says the future of Basketball Wives will be more balanced. What do you think?
The official after party for every party has a message for you W.mysong.fm/nine72
You already seem way cooler than i will ever be :)
I thought u had one o.O
how are you? long time no talk......
At least it's Thursday, right?
I know! I'm afraid to put away my winter clothes! Really strange weather this year!
Texas is so boring:(
I am so glad I decided to revisit big audio dynamite today...
To avoid any spoilers... it is awesome seeing Carl not be a wimp-child anymore. No more moping around, boy, there's work to be done.
How dat silk feel on ya booty girl LMAO Classic #gettinitin!
I am looking for an additional income stream. Who has the best one going? Looking for sub $1000 initial buy-in.
: We did it last summer so I think a comeback is possible. So good!
cute, I like! (as long as too much walking won't be involved. Dancing would be fun in those, though.) :-)
Awesome customer service at AMEX and I haven't even gotten my card yet
Very irresponsible.
Read about “Learning with Gadgets: Teaching Persuasive Strategies through Student-Created Infomercials” in Communication Teacher at...
Hey I know you will do great on your first single and many more to come I hope you have a great day
Life is an ugly, awful place not to.have a best friend.
This is great, Lucy! :D And thanks for the kind mentions!
RNR Hall of Fame induction: gotta love ! Donovan, Laura Nyro (ba so sad, loved her) Beastie Boys (no Adam-too sick), MORE!
It's early.. Headed to my moms work. #Chick Fil a please!
everyone plz follow one of my besties (FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK ) as simple as that
aw I'm sorry baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Who remembers when Ari 1st posted her 96,000 video?! Now shes almost at 1mil! Feels like it was just yesterday :')
We're not crowdsourcing anything that I know of, but the year is young, and we haven't planned everything out yet!
Excited to have you in Night Light! If you use Instagram, the hashtag is
Thanks!!!! Really great information. Can't wait to get out there and drown :) jk.
State lawmakers pushing to raise age limit from 18 to 21 if you want to buy smokes. What do you think of the proposal?
Getting ready to watch American Idol w/ my little bro ! =D
Head on over to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark #DC tonight 5-7 for #happyhour or come this weekend for #brunch or dinner!
thanks for reading and for the RT
My foundation no longer matches and my cheeks are burnt
wild guess. lol
let me know.so I can get my tickets early ...
Not so much! :) RT : evidentially the singing isn't very good ;)
Otherwise I may just ry to work it for Sundance. How about you?
But of course! Happy Friday to you all as well!
Woo hoo! Mr. Figaro performing this Friday!!! Come play!
I agree with you 100% !!!
If we have entered the digital age what am I doing with all of this paper crap on my desk?
long live the Queen...
Appreciate that Bro!! That means alot real talk
Country music always calms me down <U+2665>
thanks for the assist getting taken care of
Gotta kill you by a certain time, now that's what I call a dead line!
Had a great day today, a bit hard but still good. :} I am very relieved, I'm finally getting help for...everything. #StayStrong <3
Did you know that on Amazon you can SUBSCRIBE to monthly gummy grapefruit delivery? Yeah. Regular OR pink.
puños almost back! Looks like u gotta lot of catchin up to do. Hit me up.
DYK? Gladys Knight- Accomplished singer and actress is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
This NEW TRACK IS WILD ND IF U DONT LIKE IT
say the right words at the right time
my mom makes a song about everything she sees when she's in a good mood.
i love yuh (:
Most definite and your family as well.Everyone keep your chins up.Be strong.
Trees in Israel bear a particular significance. Trees embody the commandment to settle the Land. #Israel =
Lord, please protect me from brokeness "diddy voice"
Ice bathing after the most random 13 miler ever...
somewhere b/w wacking the heck out of binding cords and spinning yarn all weekend, mucked up my wrists.
I will always give good wrestling a shot ;) Hense why I started to watch in the first place
Awesome shot!
hmm.. our online summer classes for college credit are open! you can just transfer the credits.. let us know if we can help!
I'm working..
I heard they shit though..they tight
I wIsh you'd talk to me cause you never leave my damn mind. Even if i try it still doesnt
Wed Trivia: The modern version of this May day was first observed in 1907. What is the day? Answer at noon.
Getting closer and closer to a local gig...stay tuned!! The Birthday Weekend kicks off, tomorrow!!
best song by wiz in my opinion
as unceremonious as throwing away an old toothbrush is, it isn't without emotion. you served me well, you old so-and-so.
David Ortiz just left with an injured foot? That can't be good. (Imagine his HR trots when he comes back, though!)
This absence of feeling was relieving, comforting, but did not cease her racing mind; despite the overwhelming waves of intoxication.
Life isn't about finding yourself. it's about creating yourself.
Something like that you're gonna have to take as it comes. Men don't always clean up either.
"How much does it cost to get to where the wild things are? If it is not expensive, my sister and I would like to spend the summer there."
Don't run and hide because your problems will catch up with you until you solve them.
Jules You probably said something sassy
GRAD STUDENTS
Prank calls were so much better before caller identification
Good to know! RT : We'll be releasing more the week of 4/8 so stay tuned!
how about we separate sexuality and professionalism? not clear that this is an improvement.
so many nice people on tumblr digging the new song :) if you happen to listen to it, let me know what you think!
Getting this head of mine together
lol yea but its my group on Thursday haha
Looking dumb while running away from a bee!!!
Not sure how you track pt. data but perhaps identify some procedures indicative of prev care approach & query database?
I'm blowing up Ur twitter(:
Excited about this! Thanks!
Need caffeine.....
These 24-hour zinesters are really trucking!
im so nervous. i just found out im takin drivers ed next year in feburary and im gonna get behind the wheel #Scared lol
hitting up the Sat for IndyCar and Le Mans, and I just found out Joan Jett & The Blackhearts are playing in the evening.
Help them. They're nice. 2012 followers for by Dec 16.
Carson Palmer sucks. No one cares about KC and Oakland or watching Shane Lechler punt. Please stop showing this garbage.
He conquers who endures.
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mom ever!!!! <33 lovee her so much no matter what :)
How long does it take to write a procedure? Probably my least favorite question. Any ideas?
I think is going for a Jheri curl!
I'm so jealous
It's so nice to feel people care about u! TY 4 ur kind words! Hope u have a gr8 day 2morrow.
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20
Where are you this year for the welcome back concert as ASU! Was a blast last year..they got Lupe Fiasco to come...garbage!
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT!!!
it starts at 8:15 and ends at 2:15. How about over there?
I'm so excited, I just can't hide it... I'm about to lose control & I think I like it!
That's a good childhood. Favorite Motown number "I Wish it Would Rain" (there is a tough cover by the Faces on their boxset)
we added a long tall table at our SF office and it's a big hit.
Well, we have to get there between 8:30 - 9 am to sign up, then at 9, it's the warm-up stretch, and the walk is at 10.
If you like our FB page and tweet us a pic of you at the study abroad fair today, you'll have an even better chance to win a prize!
u welcome
Turns out I hang out enough at Boston oyster bars to have an informed debate with NOLA shuckers.
Maybe remove your nail polish in his room when he's going to bed tonight too.
Damn i want a Bakersfield Blaze hat..even tho it looks like a butterfly inside a flamin weed leaf
Why does it concern you if someone is a vegetarian? It doesn't so fuck off.
oh whoops! That's good to know. Hard to get my info straight from so far away
Lessons learned by successful/effective managers are roughly: 70% from tough jobs 20% from people (mostly the boss) 10% from courses/reading
Just saw a PG cop cut off an ambulance. Smh. Those couple seconds could mean life or death.
Lol good thing my eyes are way too dry so I didn't just cry.
RT Sunday is 's 25th birthday. All he wants is a Super Bowl berth. Go get it, young man.
YES-->Eliminate unprofitable services/products and focus on what makes money. Or outsource it.
Finally an episode of Glee where only good things happen! :)
Today was cool
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs have proven to reduce youth #crime, truancy, and improve #testscores.” –Amy R.
what are you wearing and did you win???
i remember warped tour randalls island and all that garbage getting thrown!! Haha
I love Austin Lee Stevens(:
RT : We want to see your pics & vids from from tomorrow's shareholder meeting. Use #VeriGreedy & #99Spring in your tweets!
happy anniversary weekend!!
RT This is a great day for the Buffalo community, the #Bills organization & our fans! ... See you at 1:45 pm.
just posted a picture!
Happy Winter Solstice. The Shortest Day of the Year!
“We want to instantly connect people everywhere to (*who* and) what are most important to them."
JT, regarding me getting points for a passing garbage truck: If I had a phone, I'd post that to Dad. He'd be so mad.
Thank you for a super fun catch up session ... way overdue and we must plan something again soon!
he's a badass sexy mofo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Literal or figurative? I have thoughts on both RT : What Part Does Saving-Energy Play in Cutting Fat From Healthcare Operations?
KU - MU for the national championship. Love the way they set this up so that could happen. Both teams got really nice draws.
HAHA thanks Patty!!
Im going to be so busy tomorrow its not even funny. The new NKOTBSB song don't turn out the lights is addicting. I sing it every day.
Udall: "Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man" Yes! It has to be about people!
Sleepover with
Peanut butter tacos. My life will never be the same.
Ill be in the building.5/27
I need to find a twitter boo for my bio. Everyone's got one but me : (
“: The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.”
If you a zero I can be yo hero lol..
Heard protester who bit cop's finger thought it was a hot dog.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Did you see the Jay-Z sketch on SNL last night? Jay Pharoah's impression is pretty good.
Your hunch may be correct. Maine lacks life on his fastball and confidence in himself. Maybe he needs a minor-league stint.
Shout out to my fam n the boot. B back soon.
keep your head up Mike. Still 6 rounds to go. You'd be perfect for Mr. Irrelevant
Wow, Ryan and I are saddened to hear that. Unfortunately, not a lot of Americans know of her.
The RUMOR out of China is that N.#Korean leader, Kim Jung-un was assassinated today. I stress that this is unconfirmed, pure speculation.
All the creepy ways of being hacked. Great, great finale!
U need to get me some followers now loll!!
I hate Mondays.. I never wanna wake up!
Need takeout? Just order online @ www.Mumbaibistro.com and your order will be ready in 15 - 20 mins for pickup!
Group applauds comment re: Dodd/Frank limiting business growth at
I have to say that the do-over potential of an Etch A Sketch life is mighty tempting. Just shake and restart!
What could it be??
Get her there! RT : Sitting at 499 followers.... Hm... Will it hit 500 or dwindle down !!
please go to a local shelter and adopt. #WaysideWaifs or #HeartlandSPCA are the two big names in town!
D-Rock's bachelor party is about to get going!!!
At dinner sitting next to a lefty
Working and rooting for the Timbers today. Also, trying not to buy all the new, cool t-shirts and jackets we got in. Go Timbers!!
Need to choose a hash tag for events that transpire in the DC public alley over which my apartment looks.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I rented "Moonwalker" every weekend. Michael Jackson was my hero and I couldn't pronounce the word "pedophile".
wait, what?!
Out Bitches! Come party!
#hipsterproblems skinny jeans too tight....bout to tear through them
Actually, it (hopefully) didn't end for good. A season five should still be coming. Maybe. Please?
How do start your fiesta??? By dancing in the rain... hell yeah!!
You know what? I really like using #disqus for comments on anything that needs comments. Thanks !
Just can't help but get indigant: I pay them w/taxes, pay extra postage, they have a car, I don't. All I'm asking is job-doing.
thanks for the retweet! We had a great show tonight ;-)
##to full
Finally Back! Forgot My PASSWORD! :D
Took a moment to reflect on my BIGGEST mistakes....guess what I'm still standing!
Yankees Battle a Shifting Tide Teams are putting the shift on more and more against the Yankees —and it's showing in the box scores
Thank you, I've been searching for the photos, but couldn't find them :)
Anybody else physically wave off Chalmers when he was doing jumping jacks for the ball by the 3-point line?
“: man fuck this I miss that nigga I was with” :( our old familia
With the announcement of the Foo Fighters being at Summerfest, I'm wondering if they will just let me camp there for the 11 days.
i think could make a better president than
DM me the acct tel #, i'll check and make sure everything is in order on my end
and people in hell want ice water (j/k).
We found the issue- country was being automatically set. The fix will be out in just a few minutes. Thanks for letting us know!
I miss you too
OK good!
yes I did. Thanks xoxo
when are you getting here??
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers ~
my birthday is in 7 days and i would appreciate it if i got a happy birthday from you when it happens
aw blush ;/
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher. -Japanese Proverb
yeah-I do notice that and think weather manipulation! Your thoughts on possible viral particulates?
:D sounds like a fun day xD
And we're back. Hotel is sending very mixed messages about what to do. Hooray for PCC presenters carrying on.
Starting a rainy Saturday with delicious , a subscription-based coffee service, after learning about it with
Ah!! Sportin' new skins! Look for me spinning my wheels around MKE! Woot!
And. Here. We. Go.
Watching #PrettyLittleLiars with Destiny :) then Lindsey is coming for a movie :) GIRL'S NIGHT
Cultural Stone-Malverne
what do u do when you have feelings for someone but now they are gone and you never said anything?
I swear I've bought wine from this guy!
you better yell it . change that to ain't shit vs no good . How the hell this nigga don't tell y'all we together . got his ass
Green Metropolis by David Owen is a great one that has been getting a lot of coverage lately.
come on let's go
A bad girl trying to be good:/.
"The most powerful motivation is fun." -
Leave this world, enter the next
LeBrick James helping the #Heat blow a 17 point lead & miss clutch shots late...while that 'old' guy Kobe dropped 48 on the #Suns..!!
Money Saving Tip #30: Give a gift of a service instead of an item.
That's awesome.
Thanks at you!
it's not about those who do not want to get married it's about those who want to get married.
Living in Salem during Halloween is like living at the North Pole during Christmas. So, yes, it is the plot of Nightmare Before Christmas.
I love going one mph on the highway....
Dont miss our final sermon in the Love Life Rehab series this Sunday!!!
Question: What do you call a male meter-maid?
#ThingsIHate Alex Rodriguez
your tweets are stupid.
Yup we're in Pgh Chi and Bos now!
Wow denver you now have mexican delivery call today and stay out of the rain! picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo 303-999-0785
and here goes :-)
Amen. RT : middle enduring, process is hard. Even when you know what God says its the preparation like Esther.
TIP: When you have a chance, sit down at a table with a pro player or jus observe them. Try to learn what they do and learn every second.
I ordered a set of clubs this weekend -ladies Di9. I'm ready to dominate-and when I say dominate I mean fix my out-of-shape game
Enjoy! Thanks again for using ShowClix Greg :)
Great people I follow and get immense benefit from always , , , , ,
SICKING IS IT NOT?....
Excited to be at the women's session of the Texas Evangelism Conference! Donna Gaines is about to speak so pray!!!
is my new hero. Love the series #AmericaRevealed on
#bandsimseeingin2012 Us! :-D
and tearing them apart on the right side. And is a beast.
Good morning tweeters!
Please join us for yoga this evening @ 5:30 & 7pm. New students: 1 week free of unlimited group classes & 1 free private pilates class!
What the fuck?!?! Things that trend this days make me sad...
When you're done, just hit SEND
Mayo?! Ugh that is foul.
Going to the dance with :D
Sad day get better Derrick rose
Amazing game boyss
Keeping the couch warm, watching the Phillies and getting into a bedtime state of mind.
Rooting for <U+2764> But everyone on that stage deserves this. Best of luck to all of them.
"Wax wings, High hopes. Long fall."
thank you. <3
Many thanks! Cheers!
I tip my hat to the social workers of the world. Quite the job.
channeling your inner Clay Matthews.
That's Seattle hop-hop. A but above. RT The word Bitch is always wack.
here i am aint going nowhere
words can't describe how happy i am to see the back on that abdc stage.
Merry Christmas :)
I REALLY hate being sick.... =(
Guys, it has been an absolute pleasure working with you all this season. Thank you for everything.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
lol hey kissy face! I would smash Wendy if she didn't talk....at all lol. What's up
u r the perfect guy. I love to go on cruises and spend time at the beach. I love romance.
I love your tweets there the best they make me smile thankyouu austyy I loveyouu<33
beware all suckers, ya froze like icicles.
It's your last chance to win $20 from Seamless. Get those guesses in before midnight tonight!
The power was out at my house almost all day yesterday, due to a lightning strike.
What do YOU like about working from home? Am taking a survey, so give me your opinion....I love what I do and live the life I love! Helene
found u on twitter :) u rock, john
If she don't reply the 1st time. Why would you think she will the 5th, 6th time? O.o
Hey, tweetfind.com has some free tools that can help you unfollow who is not following you and follow who is. games suck!
Who stole from the store?? The alarm was going crazy!!
Still can't figure out how removing "not for human consumption" and adding "JWH" would make any difference AT ALL!
EVERYONE TEXT BOMB THIS NUMBER!!!!! 315-378-7576 TWEET ME IF YOU DO!
"Better never than late." ~George Bernard Shaw
(Miami) tonite we live at 4 the homie b day bash!!!
obviously voting nonstop for mos wanted
Stanton should have 2 already :(
": are u going to amnesia" NO AFTERHOURS TONIGHT ,PURGATORY AFTERHOURS OPENS NEXT SAT
Sure, send me an e-mail and I'll answer your questions, eric at trulynetworks dot com
only if i was an older white man! i would have pulled it off. i seriously sincerely tried to milk this. wanted to go! go go go..
Spoke to students from Lower Burrell, PA all the way up to Greenville, PA and this year has just started.
Missing my siblings extra bad today. Can someone please invent teleportation, pretty please?
I miss you. I do love you. I did love you. I cared. You were my everything. I miss you so much. You were my complete part of life.
Today at school there was a character day where u have to dress up,& i dressed up like u DAHVIE!<333 i pulled it off(: im proud
I wish I was Pete Wentz's kid ugh
Lawd it is so funny to hear an elder say "azzmee" for asthma kmsl gotta love em :)
So did any of our followers watch any Prom premiere red carpet footage? If so, who were your favorites?
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Albert Einstein
The word of God burst life every day. Have a blessed week! Pas
Gimme some Mass Pike already.
Yup. Melvin said Gamel will get his chance to win job outright RT In part, it's because Green hits LH like Gamel.
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX Send Tweets!
I feel like I should watch Major League 1 and 2 this weekend in honor of
mornig vegas! new pics were fun to shoot and came out great hope all has a great day
You want me back but none of this helps you at all smh
You know that 's GF was a cast member, right?
i see wut u did there lol bt im serious..
good luck!
Newt teamed up with Chuck Norris lol All shall perish!
awesome!!! U in chicago?
The LORD is good to those who wait for Him, to the person who seeks Him. - Lamentations 3:25
Love that all pro foot ball players are wearing pink today :)
S/O to the guy who legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...That's pretty cool to me...
Thx for the job title love. I'm a regular at Buzz Bakery, Grape & Bean in Alexandria if you ever want to meet to talk shop.
Saturday the 19th would likely be the best day. and checking out your show would be cool
We were on fire last night wow! Great night and next weekend will definitely be a sight to behold! Happy Sunday friends!
I am going to drive down ASAP tomorrow to see him <U+E404> just look and cuddle! Hahaha maybe he should meet Brandy.!
Don't you mess up, mess up, I don't wanna lose you.
Upon install: "An unknown issue has occurred… Google Drive must quit…" bad bad bad
When are the Heat fans going to realize they have an #Average team
Blow it up
doing good buddy!
#ThingsIveLearned When something goes wrong, move on. It's not the end of the world. :)
#casually overdosing on advil.
The weekend is almost here! If you need a Munchkin Minder- let us know!
Went out dressed like Rosie the Riveter for an American themed party. No one knew who she was. Oh wells.
There's no point in having this iPhone. (My older one). But I'm not allowed to sell it. Okay.
Thanks for the #FF mention. Hope your having a delicious week!
NYU now has an Abu Dhabi site & build Shanghai
Today is another breath.
Your house wash away, it common problem.
Today I'm making homemade vanilla ice cream and blackberry/raspberry pie. I might as well not even try for anything healthy in the meantime.
Kobe's window appeared to be shrinking...
Bet that was a great show!
How was your trip?
Beyond excited for all of my friends going through placement tonight!! Love y'all!!
Headin back in
now I don't think if gannondorf when I see your tweets
alli can i get a follow from you? it would mean the world to me <3 i love you (: you are so pretty *o*
Personal Training Promotions this month! for more info!
Yeah - it's only a mile from my house, so that makes a difference!
If Your Tweeting Than Im Retweeting It.
New song Saturday. Can't wait
Barely more than 1,000 emails behind you ... RT : Sunday, April 8, 2012, 8:45 a.m., achieved the impossible dream: INBOX ZERO.
you should have answered when called you
This is taking waay to long D:
At taco bell yum! :p
Dunkin Donuts mentioned again: - RT oreo milkshakes from dunkin donuts &gt;&gt;&gt;
okay i paid $50 of the tickets. so i guess it is only like 3/4 of a ticket. but still. lol
Hopkins Homewood... we will be at the San Martin Center Carnegie Institution area today 11-2.
I noticed this after I sent the tweet. Still surprised its been down this long.
I rarely use my laptop, I'm mostly on my phone <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of Media Arts and Practice exhibitions, talks, workshops and more!
J.R. Smith for 3! Just spotted Mark Zuckerberg sitting behind the knicks bench.
awe too sweet! U my gurl!
stop tweeting and I'll stop cause I'm trying to sleep!!
#imagine Austin:Lets commit the perfect crime i steel your heart you steel mine You:Okauy how bout now*smiles*Austin:*kisses you* -anna
"Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons; it is to grow in the open air & eat and sleep with the Earth"
I might get to talk to John ocallaghan on the phone tomorrow
yes! I'm excited! And sounds good just let me know for sure
Another boring rainy day..
PodCast ready to go..::: Details soon:***^^^
Soccer pictures for aubrey
One of these days, I hope this truck makes it somewhere near the corner of H and Third in Chula Vista. Please!
I HATE auto correct.
Anyone else see the irony that our #railsconf lunch pies were cooked in an easy-bake?
Crazy! “ 85% of the authors on are unpaid. shares how you attract masses to your business to #smcsd.”
CD Release Party tonight @ Pops for Champagne for The Rose Colella Trio's new album "Small Hours" 9-Midnight popsforchampagne.com
Great book though. Love it
I really wish The LeBrontologist had to get through the West gauntlet of LA SA OKC Memphis and Dallas. Everyone hurt out East. *ASSterisk
looking for gigs in NWA
Had the Counselors Room last night.today breakfast at La Peeps,and McD's Angus burger with Hi'C Orange 4 lunch!
my laundromat has wifi. i have so many questions as to what is socially expectable at this point in time.
History lesson: When top tax rate was 91%, employers paid more with benefits to avoid those high taxes. Employees spent - economy soared!
and I'm proud of it!
No. The one from Maddie and I is MIA. I gave you the one I painted for your sweet 16. So yell at Maddie, I don't even have it.
I could so say something but I'm going to be nice to you .. This week!
Whats good man?
Happy birthdays
I'm melting
I'm sampling Schlitz and PBR at Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg today from 2-4p. Come visit if u live in the north shore area!
Careerism — the philosophy of governing to win the next election above all else — is the root of almost all that ails Washington,
Walkin to school
Thanks for the mention. Have a great week.
Of course(:
He better get this
Try to buy in your community
New phone tomorrow hopefully its not defective too
New study: Students report feeling "supremely confident" about ability to get jobs filling in bubbles. #WhosHiring?
Great pic. #GratefulDead = best band ever!
Just played with an Apple Newton...wow!
I've been doing okay with all these events, but tonight I'm feeling really tired. Bring on July 1st!
Your Amazing Sarah I love your keeks and tweets . P.S : #AlexSarahEqaulsWordsCutestCouple ~!Angelina!~
this week is packed but maybe next tues or weds?
great songs u guys <3
already impressing the vatech profs with yer
Hey Rob. I want to check out some of your musical endeavors. What should I listen to first?
That awkward moment when you're with Marines at the air show and yell out "Omg! It's Leon Panetta"... and it's not.
AIRBALLED FREE THROW! IMPORTANT!
:) what's your due date again?
...extra cheese is on the secret menu <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> cheddar and Swiss is another fave, also Swiss and bleu
i hate girls who act lke another girl is their ex like wtf
I'm too lazy ride today, but not too lazy to drink my team sponsor's beverages. Figures.
Thanks, the stream is looking lovely!
Saw SF State U Afro-Cuban Ensemble. Great voices, solid percussion...Dr. JOhn Calloway strikes again.
Pain tolerance, need more of that.
Hey Terra, we just met with a CD... We haven't worked with him, but he might be worth checking - www.theDoyle.com
love family
i know the feeling :)
Keanu Reeves turns 47 today. I loved him in Hardball. He's spooky sexy.
um, you're welcome!
"I just tweeted a good one."
“We might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain
So true! RT : RT : sore body today = strong body tomorrow.
im starting my story again!! :)
Cops: Alcohol a factor in wrong-way crash
Wen I had to change skol wen I was 9 this girl was giving the look then I started to flip!I had high temper but not any more unles u provote
is the cutest thing ever & when I watch his videos I can't help but smile. (:
2 points for puffy clouds!
Maddy.. text me, bitch(;
This girls gut man
The Chula Vista Chamber has endorsed & Susan Davis for the 53rd Congressional District.
lovely linda, i am not aware of any personally, but be in touch, if I come across any I will let you know.
oh thank you!!!! Will grab it next time.
yes, but what's the phone for?
Share w/us the most important lesson you learned about yourself when making your film(s)/writing screenplay(s)?
so proud of you!!!
Just confirmed: Johanna Kunin from Portland will join us for our festive holiday concerts on Dec. 11 at the Fremont Abbey!
I've got a date with the tax man.
I have to pay 450,000 Eavs for another 250 [I have 1750 invested in now]
Thanks! She's my fave
And then sometimes you have to kill Apache because everything seems to be taking a dump,
Like to welcome Sony Studios for backing the Block Card!
lol I was just about to txt u too . U saw the pic of Kobe crying ???
aaahh...hope you'll get better soon!
ladies, there is nothing dirtier than basting a bird!
"Space to yourself" is an important value in a relationship.
you too <3
Have a full afternoon/ evening of crafting planned. First up is a finishing class at Gauge (yarn store).
LOVE today's Google Doodle. :)
just sent in an email about endorsement! Hoping to rep arkaik soon!!
I always say that! But no one knows what I'm talking about. Haha
Just landed, back in my second home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Don't forget to follow all of Zack Bruell's restaurants. , , and soon to open
wait r u out or home cuz we r out and I'm driving, bottle when I get home.
Words we most often 4get. Please & Thank You. #Be kind
What would u do with a time machine.
Cashmere thoughts
of course :)
I guess you just not a leader nephew...lol
darn. was gonna join you if it was in midtown.
Going to see The Dictator at midnight
"So you're ruling out surrogacy so I don't need to know what that means" sometimes I relate to much to Joey and Phoebe
I can see clearly now the rain is gone...
Plus, you're just down the road from me. I teach at Marylhurst and direct their new English and Digital Humanities program.
Amazon redesign.... is glorious.
Damn, i seriously need to quit fucking w/ broke ppl..
talk to me
feel better baby girl <3 almost a week before I come visit :) #hanginthereboo <3
congrats on your national championship!
In an online poll from Special Events, respondents say the hippest colors for 2012 are neon colors.
Damn it, I'v had it with all this BullShit. I'm tired of fighting the GOP on one hand and fighting the Pro Left on the other...
Having a great day. Got a fab hair cut. Booked 30 Rock for Monday! & Now off to the theatre to see Ellen Burstyn in a new play. Perfect.
well then do you want him
seriously shows
So women can be the property of men, duh!
. Maybe it should be
True enuff!! RT Holy Fuck, you can substitute Greek yogurt for anything! I'm currently shaving with it.
I shouldn't pick on just Staples. Screw Wal-Mart too. Screw any retail shop that treats their workers like shit. Retail needs unions.
Is it the weekend yet
thanks... fixed itself... now accepting pw's just fine....
Looking forward to your tweets...
Cinco de Drinko maybe in 30 minutes, but I'm starting now.
haha yeah it would be!! especially playing lacrosse :P
#TwSIG Which is best to list, the @ and name, or the URL? Twitter icon "T" and account name is another way on a print piece.
RT : It is not only a screening but also a mini-FOUND show... what are you waiting for?! Buy your tickets now!...
OMFG HE GREW UP SO MUCH :')
Two spellers left...
It's a perfect sunny and chilly Baltimore morning!
Join Maestro @ 3:34 pm in front of ballroom CDE #astd10 to discuss : eLearning trends, what are you facing? Chocolate PROVIDED!
CEOs that flew on their private jets to D.C. begging for bailouts sticks in my mind as the height of arrogance and insensitivity.
If This Isn't Love , Tell Me What It Is... I Could Tripping Or Just Plain Crazy..
Backhanded compliment RT : Impressed by how many of my students have turned in their final essays a day early.
RT Rihanna and Chris Brown collaborated on new songs. Padmé and Vader to follow with "You Take My Breath Away (Force choke)".
#im going to school now :(
thank you so much, aw!
I would have so much time back if I wasn't tweeting. Thinking about a break...
more coffee ; )
Love your new avatar Rebecca!
Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you. ~Annie Dillard
wrapped again and be in pain.. Idk how to tell them.. Hm.. Sketchy
Yes! 10minutes away on !
yes that is bad but what do you expect from that class
RT if you use the women's bathroom when ever possible.
Great experience at #shiftvegas with & learning & building Coworking spaces 4 the community with
Successful authors think in a serial fashion, writing in sequence creates rhythmic and impact.
wow i just witnessed an amazing man for once straight up bought our groceries =P love u krew!!! ->KimBeezy<-
It makes me feel so good when women over the age of 1000000 tell me I'm handsome but women under 1000000 don't acknowledge my existence.
No and I can tell you why I dont....
you stuck watching big time rush or something like that big dog?
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS KEYWORD OPRAH
I just used the words "bourgeois" and "zoo" in the same sentence
Only a couple of hours away until the St Patty's day craziness begins! Head out to BRINK ORLANDO ILL BE SPINNING! OPEN BAR 11-12!...
Whatever keeps you warm at night...
hey, you l'eggo my Eggo!
it's brutal
# raw punk thank you thank you that was truely epic put down
I have hair that needs played with
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Laurel Tavern - Pub (live updates)
RT : Free and open to the public! #UDCActionSummit This Friday!!! Will Allen will be speaking!!
#69 | Because we already listed #96... ART!
New business page that's here to support all my people coming up in the game & wanna make history in this world. <FOLLOW PAGE>
It's 3-2-1 Tuesdays: $3 UV Bombs, $2 UV Martinis and $1 PBR!!! Show this snow what's up and get a drink with CRISP!
Need an HD DVR that you can watch on your laptop or tablet? Call me at 350-6428. I'm your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man!
thanks for the RT :)
So am i
why? how? when? where?
2nd period under way
Oh god, why'd I say that?
Thanks for RT!! Have an excellent day!!
to be Detroit for 30 mins - Completely burned out? lol
Jst got to work
Nation's Air Improving, Even in L.A.
free trade agreement bet japan and u.s
#YOUNGGOONIESRDK we sellin candy out here come chicago!!!
On the contrary. I just put when I learned to on my Facebook timeline. If it's on there, it's real!
This nigga over here cuttin up.
21 Jump Street was hilarious!
"Absence makes the heart grow fonder." Not really
does Mac and cheese count??
Daily Dose of Goodness: Today, deny yourself something. The cheapest toilet paper is quite sufficient.
one word:HOT.
are we talkin' Sean Penn's PLEDGE? or something premiering at Sundance?
#procrastinationproblems when i am totally ok spending the time/effort to do other people's homework and then can't focus on my own HELP ME!
Lol pay for my weave
As long as you don't water down your booze.
Somehow we got a whole bar in Pittsburgh to put $5 in for the Derby. C'mon, Dullahan... Erin wants free dinner.
Bridesmaids was great comedy. Definitely a rave.
sounds like a great $1 kalbi steak, pulled roast chicken or duck tacos tonight! #Ahhmmazzin!
wow i thought he was smarter than thag
Stoked for my boy that his daughter arrived! Children are a blessing from the Lord!!!
Why??? He is our worst reliever....
: wats ur # again i gotta new phone boo!
What time is it? Gold Week time! Come in and save 20% off your favorite products!
I need to stop eatin so much junk food
#followFriday #hilarious tweets about the dumb stuff bands do.
Do your actions make your customers excited about referring you to their colleagues?
Wow! RT : Banks Return to #CRE Lending #CMBS Market Poised for Takeoff Rocketing to Infinity and Beyond
#PrettyLittleLiars tonight!! Can't wait!:D
“: The oldest known goldfish lived to 41 years of age. Its name was Fred.”
Had a weird dream last night that Tim Lincecum got traded to the Cubs. The Giants received the entire Cubs minor league system in return.
“: We get it, your catholic. You don't have to wear your Ash Wednesday blotch out to the bar.” I'm wearing it behind the bar
God is just simply amazing.
I wanna go out to eat
Running with no socks is like running on a cloud...what does that say about me?
What u doing for your daughter birthday I ask n he said he didn't know ask u
call me a idiot, but after the MCR/Blink Civic tour line up last year, I'm relatively uninterested in the line up this year.
So my professor scheduled my last final of my college career..on my birthday
were at so i can post it brother
congrats bud!
We want to make an interactive community effort for local businesses and invite everybody who is interested to get into the game to play...
Maybe you can do a kickstarter to get the money. Crowdfund your crowdfunding!
your little sister >> anyone else in the world.
First final down in 13 minutes.
Talk to your local library about hosting a free program on a topic related to your industry.
#Weather forecast is spot on today except for being dead wrong.
RT : i dont give two fucks, because in the end, the one that ends up losing is you.
Today is turning into another 10+ hour day... deep breath... I love what I do, I love what I do, I love what I do...
Email the tracks so i can hear em
Haha. He followed Rayna and she called Alexandria when he did and screamed in the phone =P
Thanks and all because I read your blog last year about Doubleback
Yea bitch I smell like weed, quit fuckin starin at me b4 I get ur kid high
Don't know what to do anymore
We just saw a wizard literally
this guy
Im goin Ham tonight...
Thank you sir. I may need a transfusion but we'll press onward!
The perceptions/fictions of slavery, talking about papers (x2), and then talking about Islam in the 21st Century.
Need to find a way to force brokers into flashseats so we can see who is buying from them and sell them ourselves
I sang the banana boat song/day-o beautifully last night at karaoke!!! Did Mr. Belafonte proud!
not a good look...
are you also thinking about that weekend we spent together? You were so gentle AND confident, ya big slut u
#ABA update: discussing worker classification issues under #IRS voluntary compliance program
Thanks Dean. You are a gentleman and a scholar. How about those other accounts?
I already follow you sir
Pacific Northwest, you are crazy beautiful.
SHOT OUT to my FOLLOWERS who FOLLOW BACK
Ridin & came 2 a fork in the road we took the road 2 success if you not fully down for this ride we can put you out on the side of the road
not to crap on your dream or anything, but don't you feel like there's already a ton of symbolic/memorial HIV/AIDS stuff?
$alute gm tweeps! Thanks for the continue support,we are beyond grateful.We have have something major on the way.
Just got asked out on a date! He was such a sweetheart to, I hated saying no. But I got eyes on someone else... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
This conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute
Love Daniel Craig, but Timothy Dalton in The Living Daylights: THAT'S my #007. Last cold war Bond. A-Ha + Pretenders music. Last John Barry.
It ain't Krav is someone doesn't get kicked in the nuts (according to my Krav teacher).
let us not forget Bret Saberhagen and his supersoaker full of bleach that he used to douse a bunch of Mets' beat reporters.
How are you going to reawaken your childlike imagination?
Welcome to team ! I look forward to learning from you. ;)
A total of 7 players have 2 fouls at halftime. (3 for UK, 4 for IU.)
great day to be laying out by the baseball field with a shack wrap and pretzels!
I do! Big ups!
Friday. Friday. Friday. Maxi Burger on a french roll w/ bbq fries - oh yeah! Friday.
IM TIRED GOODNIGHT GREAT CONCERT TONIGHT
Happy Birthday!!! :) and I send hugs & kisses!
Just finished workout #1 bi's and tri's then 45 minutes on, "The Beast", the Stairmaster! Gotta eat now...
Moore, Fluke Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings. Wonderful SF exploration of whales, whale science, human exploitation. Thanks
You are welcome! We love Hope to have her back soon.
"Post twitter stress disorder" ~
False RT : Good boys ain't no fun.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "O me and this yeast infection not agreeing today!"
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Buenos días! What are your #scholarship applications deadlines? Definitely want to share them w/ our students! :)
don't make fun of me! Lol!
Then again, recognizing Panetta's writing from his time as Clinton CoS while I was at WH is special, lost w
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Dnt feel good :(
I can imagine the frustration Philly feels w/ Richie/Carter. It was an easy transition for me since I love both teams.
There was no way Mayweather was gonna lose!
Im gonna miss you so much! We tell each other any and everything. That better not change.
you WOULD retweet that..thanks bud (;
Cool dude! Wish I could have been there!
Make your intentions specific. Intentions should be like directions to your mind to tell you what to do in the scene since acting is doing.
Gettin hungry. Guess I'll play some #Esthero, shower, & make me & my hungover-honey some breakfast
Friday, I better see all you fuckers (: hopefully haha.
Happy Birthday to all #November Babies! #Paradise Valley Mall
just not as much. And think about the new jobs the maintenance of the machines has created.
Have some nuts pick 1 overtime winner!!! Going Fisher!
Thanks for the mention. Wish you were in town for it too!
no west coast dates at all? I have nothing to look forward to in the fall now ...
Which parts do you not think are accurate. Its based on stuff you have said.
That was a long night .. Waiting for my babe to get here then going to sleep !
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 23
sure am! I play in FTSK and this is my band. Hope you enjoy the music! --
go get 'em!
i actually still have the toothbrush in my mouth
sounds like you are though!
It is so hot out!
Rip to Mike Brockers career
I'm really sorry to hear that happened! We have released a new cup with a raised bottom so it will be harder for things of that
I can't WAIT for tomorrow night!!! party!
Underground Podcast #2: Ricky Landell d. Hayden Young with the Top Rope Fist Drop.
I watched the Jersey Shore today, for the first time. It was a dumbing experience. I could almost feel the IQs dropping from my intellect.
People say they're there for me.. But In the end I still feel alone.
. faces rival Minnesota-Duluth at 4:37 PM on Friday. Winner plays MIN/ND Sat at 7. We'll have live coverage from AMSOIL Arena
about to head over to the rio for the 25k HU. lets start this summer off right!
I wanted to share some godaddy coupons that work
Ever heard of a company maxing out Google's search engine???? OURS DID! Now we partner with Microsoft fast to do our E-
Lot of the probs with the story would be settled if Saber revealed his source. Or is it that there is no source?
Best part of today is looking for my goodie filled basket later!!!
I think we all did ;-) RT : it was boring ! But I liked the 12.06 dismissal :)
well mate. NYC is a hard little place but you will manage.
Who are the community "fixers"? Foreign correspondents PAY fixers. Don't buy food for them. Pay them.
If you have the right type of enemies that means you are doing something right
Angela! We hope that you have a chance to 2 listen to & dig you some Secret Skwirl. Best & Success!
Just bought some fresh lemonade from these kids posted up in my neighborhood. Feels good to help out some young entrepreneurs! Lol
Haha, you know it!
what is the best online website builder?
Some more Gadar documents in the mail. Will post today or tomorrow.
Anyone who promises to put one of my campaign Yard signs in thier frontyard gets a free Tequila shot!
Oh shoot.. too many commas RT It is VITAL to know when to put the period on the end of the sentence & close the book.
About to start Episode 5...get your comments, questions, concerns NOW!
Job hunting by myself :x
Dumb people shouldn't be allowed to drive in snow...
no problem sir. Looking forward to retweeting ya.
If you don't trust anyone, you probably can't be trusted.
Oh man, I get older next week...
#Health Tip: Boost your mood by munching on pumpkin seeds: promote the feel-good hormone serotonin.
yeah, the Min-Piece is great, but I've wanted a Camaro forever... We'll see if it makes sense
I hope you are having a great day!
Not saying you shouldn't see #JackAndJill but couldn't that one wait until rental? Signed #99 on the D-List
I am now going to use the phrase "battle dress" as often as possible.
Yes, what was that again?
I am free most any time after 6:30 If it's during the week and anytime on weekends
"In ime, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow." GREAT NEW FRONTIERS ON THE HORIZON FOR "THE TOYMAKER" ... Details soon!
My boyfriend and bestfriends are goin to gradnite and I'm here laying down in bed. I'm such a loser.
Writing my story on the new #USO at TIA and trying to watch the Badgers beat up on Montana is challenging.
Someone tell the ghost of MLK and were the first blk guys to watch "the man who fell to earth" without laughing.
RT - Watching this documentary on Bill Bellicheck & The New England Patriots on NFLTV....this mug is real
Love a #nude special vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
not good dm me
(Booty-Call) lol
Lots of great groups & NGO's at #Tcamp12 generating amazing data & content. Add that content to #Wikipedia to maximize its reach & impact
I cannot stand insensitive people..like seriously.
circle circle dot dot, this kid got some
Right, you are! But at least the day has finally come! Have fun!
#tweetdeck Can you add followers besides clicking on other actions-user-follow?
I thank everyone that is praying for me, the devil wants me destroyed, but the angels have my back.
Not surprised. <U+E402>
Feseral refund check is here. Ordering new bed set once the check clears!
I definitely feel like my skills have gotten stronger since graduating. Very good feeling!
Thanks, Ms. Aitch. But re "schlongendorfers," are you antineologistic, or just euphemistically unpersuaded?
Happy mothers day only place to celebrate 2nite is #LuxSundays | Text luxsundays to 74455 for free entry
your our eyes and hears from the tour can you send a live picture or video?
Thanks To My Bro For Shoutin Out My Followers Dats My Compton Goon
give and the passes they deserve them!
ah real cute..
On Fox trying to watch a missed episode and to navigate to 47 sec of footage I've had to 6min of ads, 3min of crying on twitter. What. The.
No kidding. Good luck to the kid, but lord, what are you thinking, Shabazz?
God Bless our troops. <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Thanks for the follow! Let us know what kind of info & updates a grad student like you wants to see from
#Headache :/ -A
A1: Can't recall if it was on a #MainStreet but once went to a Catholic church rehabbed as a brew pub, which was cool.
With muh girl tonight and party at tomorrow! #doesntgetbetter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I'm wearing short sleeves. Not because it's warm enough today, but because it was warm enough 2 days ago.
Zac Efron: Bloody Boxers on 'Paperboy' Set
Cruising along the 17 Mile Drive (Pebble Beach). Amazing.
Sagamore Farm history comes alive with visit from a Vanderbilt
being a Go Getter
#Shoutout to myself for being composed in such hard times. I got too relaxed. Smh
i agree about it being more oriented to reg ed. there should be some guidelines about how it applies to SPED.
... reading your tweets (grin) ...
#BuildYourFans - 2 people in the music business matter, the artist & the fan. Anyone else should add value or get the hell out of the way.
Happy Easter! :D
Thanks for the follow and Hope you have a great weekend!
Jests that give pains are no jests.
RT : Just laid down the first two joints for the HEALTH WEALTH KNOWLEDGE OF SELF album. I Am Alive Now & 4 Laws of Wealth.
RT If you LOVE GOD
iight G, sounds good to me. :D
I feel like something is going on.
Dreading the fact I have to come back up here at 4...
James 3:2 says we should "control our tongues". Watch your words today. Give yourself a second or two to think before speaking.
did you laugh when they gave it to you?
thanks bro!!
Instead of getting toiletpapered... We got toileted.. #Iloveswim :)
Im thinking bout that now lol
#rkelly is such an amazing talent. I cried when he sang I look to you!
Looking for taxonomies of wrought iron architectural pieces. Will AAT be enough?
I decided to be #mixed today:)
Oh my goodness! Where is that?
We meant to say it sooner, but our thoughts are with the people of Oslo & with our colleagues at Tapir & Oslo Academic Press. ()
I have a chili hangover
Stayed home again bit going bak to school tomorrow
Friggin' AWESOME!!! The Kaiser store on Nathan Road. Love it!
now that I don't do it for a living, putting on my FYC hat and proofreading things is actually fun
safe travels and great times and memories for all. The Force is with the Priest!!!
excellent, see you around 8
It's on my to-do list!! What is it with you and anyway? They paying you? ;)
So. how have things been around her lately.
that does look diariffic
Where are these to lakers rumors coming from
great goals!
We will get the video.
One more thing we can quote and laugh hysterically about together!
come listen to your favorite album on vinyl at SBS. Just got the new Friendly Fires album. Make your appt today (773) 252 - 9522!
Ditto, though has some Sebald starter kit recommendations for me, I believe.
Good luck to the Bat Cats tonight against UofL.
Question from : do you ever regret ur decision to wait until marriage to have sex? I'm adding: Do you wish you had waited?
hm I would try contacting your web host then, see if they changed something or can help you further :(
Season Finale of DEXTER!
Thanks! I'm still smiling and eating left over chili from Sunday's Packer game. :)
Hahahahaaa RT : Oh, this joke can't be good!
Imagining how awesome a BYX house would be.
Just got an ergonomic keyboard and mouse and am loving it. Seemed big and clunky at first but makes a huge difference. Highly recommend.
A friend loves at ALL times. - Proverbs 17:17
Just got off the phone with and Them niggas are some FOOLS!!!! Lmao!
"Don't waste time. Eventually, you will run out."
I have no idea but I hope they drop in more places
Aww, thanks! *blush* :)
I really feel you on this one.
I think we're headed for double digits in this Pens-Flyers game... Double digits for each team.
They see me rollin, im a third wheel.. (x
morning bro hope all is well with you today. Have great productive day
…Used to get this letter regularly: "Hey Sarah, remember that time we paid for your education? We'd sure love that $ back in tax dollars!"…
-People say Tebow isn't da guy, BUT there aren't any Young QB's (2 Yr's or Less) in AFC better than him except maybe Andy Dalton
If any girl at the age of 27 approached me and handed me a phone number and said "call me maybe"... I'd immediately throw that number away
Memorial Day Mat Class Special: 10 Classes ONLY $10 each!!
is it called shattering glass?
My life has just been made. I might actually start watching TV JUST to see 's commercial. I love you Nic. You fucking made it.
He whose spirit is without restraint Is like a city that is broken down and without walls. (Proverbs 25:28
That makes one. “: .: "This decisions is an opp. to build something better for the people of San Diego."”
#exhausted from this school year...I've never wanted summer so much in my life.
No I do not. lol And nope I want a hologram of me! :)
is that a typo? I think MJ has probably been inside that boys body...but not as a reincarnation...
I hate it how if a girl hangs out with a guy people start thinking their dateing? really people really?
If you r gonna have a long ass convo on twitter just DM that is why it is there
was my client even b4 I met you! Small world!
I'll set one aside just for you
Oh you follow 14,000 people and I didn't make the cut? You must have high standards.
Almost forgot about this...
The Blue Man Group showing up in all my favorite TV shows is probably the best thing ever.
what time does nkotb com out on lido deck
YES cant wait!!!!!
thanks love: )
Ive come to realize that i can be a jealous person
Listening to some weird sneaker pimps remix of 6 underground. Not sure why.
RT : A rejected highfive is one of the biggest insults there is.
Did you forget love was dangerous? I feel like I'm... *Chorus ensues once again*
Eating Ono Hawaiian BBQ's macaroni salad is like eating straight mayonnaise. So wrong, yet so right. But so wrong.
Shake it like a what?? F*CK U!! #HU4L trend it guys!!
tortilla, pizza sauce, cheese, and a frying pan. 10 minute pizza.
ELI AND CLAIRE ARE GOING TO FALL BACK IN LOVE!!!!!<333333
I have to vomit. I have to vomit my brains out.
so awesome!
Lookin for a midnight kiss, any takers?
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 6
Join Our Twitterview With Tori Spelling! Calling all Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood fans! Tori Spelling will be doing a Twitterview wi
Randy Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
There is no point of teasing myself with this warm weather and I gotta go work at 5
yo u up home skillet
Had way to much Cafine this morning !!!! <U+2615><U+2615><U+2615><U+2615><U+2615>
yeah it helps(: I forgot what time it usually is. I was thinking of Austin's Ustream. That'll be good(: I get hope around 7
They give them and many other Dutch Producers every week/weekend They prob have own towns
Channing Fugate with nice kickoff coverage for TN.
It use to surprise me that there were Hallmark stores. Now it surprises me that there is a Hallmark Channel.
FUCK BITCHES GET CONCERT TICKETS.
thanks to tacos I can eat lunch for $3 and die at 37.
JB: Maybe there is no reason not to toggle between objects & process on an axis of speeds and slownesses. This is what D&G do.
I hope do 2! Will checkout yr website
Thanks for the #FF ... BTW, check your Linkedin connections inbox.
I've shared your TEDMED talk ideas with many nurses! You rock!
Let's go Nova! Keep this lead.
#unisa is developing 6 signature online courses 2move from print-based instr. to online. A delegation is here w/us this week.
so is everyone going to start using the #insteadofdebating hashtag again?
:) I agree
Join & Ss Wed at 7pm EDT as Ss host & moderate #digcit talking abt 1:1 environments in school.
Ethics violations? RT : Yes, past performance does indicate future results. I will change Washington not manage the decay.
Y do niggaz keep lying on they Dick?
Great Los Feliz Towers Condo. Check it out! #kwri #Los Feliz #Hollywood #Griffith Park #Observatory #Dresden Room #dtwn #LA Live...
“: Wait... I actually can't believe I have an iPhone.” -- It's kind of amazing, isn't it? Almost heavenly.
got ya! Check out what I said to
HEY! A couple of us will be on NBC's FIRST LOOK tonight with The Cupid Players right after SNL! www.cupidplayers.com
you know it brah. Lol im sitting out now but we're 0-2.
Big congrats to the for setting a new domestic box office record for opening weekend!
its always work to just to catch up with what i did for complicated table cells, need better comments in code
The "texts from a dog" meme/site/Internet thing is cute, but in all seriousness I often wish I could text my dog while I'm at work.
did you watch the Portugal U20 game last night? Also is Nelson Oliveira part of the Benfica squad this year??
Thanks bro!
lol Yeah NOW
Coyotes are in playoffs and won division (pathetic attendance) ATL fans had a loser for 11 seasons.
yeah, you speak publicly what others are privately thinking.
Mr. Smithington...died 5 years ago of lung cancer 3 packs a day till the bitter end
Check us out! =D check it out and RT!!
yep(: & went to kmart, burger king & bought Emma a bearded dragon lizard thing :)
Saying YES it is then, I also found taking her to Anthrax when they are in town helps as well.
Totally caught the logic given there..
I love Milwaukee because it doesn't matter who you are, you can make Milwaukee your own! There is something for everyone!
better than eating the fancy soap.
Well said! Ours too RT : My passion is making ideas happen through technology
Im such a downer sometimes man :/
Another wonderful weekend in paradise. The sunny weekend made drying the coffee much quicker.
I wanna be at the beach with right NOW! BOO :(
I'm such a sucker; re-reading that post & thinking how awesome it is & there should be an entire blog in that style.
Showing up at 11:15 is typical of a Responsible Bar Owner. Especially when the sign on the door says "Open @ 11am"
Depends on how the folds/paper is. And if the holes are torn. Usually I re-use, in the few resewings I've done.
Woke up from my brief nap to find I have a reply from Christina Milian () That's awesome!
I hate selfish ass ppl
Theres always that one person who does shit in the most retarded way in a group of friends -_-
You still aren't explaining the scope of your edict.
thanks for the shout! :-)
can't listen to rumor has it without turning the volume waaayy up
People change, memories don't.
your're welcome :)
Damn you Girl Scout cookies...taunting me from the locked cabinet far, far away in my kitchen. #youwin you
Georgetown University please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details!
Lester was drooling on himself by the end of that game. Totally bushed. Get in shape Jon Boy.
First reference request: Researching history of bear dens at Franklin Park Zoo
Going to the DV8 field today in Florida. Bringing my PKM and XCR!
you keep askin, I'll keep answering: I'm scared of Tebow this week w/ Det front line, but, he's got more upside. I go Tebow again
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
I remember seeing the Sun one day... Ah! Boy was it beautiful....
I LOVE food
I would recommend learning XHTML/CSS and what a grid based layout is.
“: Popping pain pills like a champ. #grandmawspreragative ”
you're no fun ;)
y can't I jus find u..
go by yo self lol. I never wait on anyone.
Good points on Q2.. Moving to Q3..
doing great, and you?
now following the wonderful FB!!?!?'
U are gorgeous x
talked to the girl whose heart stopped, literally, after she scored a goal to win her field hockey game. On at 11
still sending me jobs lol
Chrome is nice, but it still doesn't format XML docs
ya i think the storm is gonna squeak by i hope
Thanks very much for this information - Prevention & lifestyle key to good health!
maybe you as a #celtic ? just kidding...
People buy possibility, not process. Sell the possibility first; teach the process after they buy (via )
"Au-uh au-uh, Dude looks like a lady"
stay tuned to athensdcj sports on reports from in regards to the 1st bball injury of the season
Who was your favorite band tonight ?
WE ON TO ROUND 2!!!
If you are getting burned out on the forest setting in Kingdoms of Amalur, head east adn you will find deserts and other more open areas.
Baltimore D!!!!
hot twitpic! Xo! ;)
My brother should bring me food. PLSSSSSSSS.
I wouldn't want all those opportunities to see how bad my hair and makeup look!
Merry Christmas!
Who is coming to Power Play tomorrow? We are psyched!
She call me when she wanna fuck. I never call, she knows what's up.
those are hard to find
Of the 612 participants recruited through the Twitter online social network and surveyed through
The answer to that question is so easy, even a caveman could figure it out.
G+ redesign is great, but they still have the same user base. Maybe adding my friends to the service is Phase 2
i was going to ask you your thoughts. there were girls screaming in my ear the whole time, but i got more than i expected
6 houses to look at in the next 2days to list. Vacation in 2 days. Figures
This weekends weather <
Nice meeting you!
Right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb.
Sleep well. I LOVE that liberals respect our heritage enough to at least have spirited debate :-)
thanks for the follow!
Intentional walk in the top of the 1st... really LaRussa?
no fair!
I wanna go back to bed ^.^
Looking for moving boxes. Anyone in rva have some you can part with?
Hope Justin Anderson can play guard, because it would make no sense for Colts to add a tackle.
Follow us on FB or Twitter.
A little Monday #inspiration: "Stay far from timid. Only make moves when your heart's in it. And live the phrase, sky's the limit"
Founder & former CEO of TRAVELOCITY.COM, Chairman of KAYAK.COM and CIO of AMERICAN AIRLINES set to speak in Baltimore! www.Roadmap10.com.
Come get your late night snack on now at w/ !
Once upon a time, I was playing One Direction in line for a concert, and commented and we became best friends.
I respectfully disagree. And also, I may need to shop at different stores. RT: Gents-your jeans should not have ass buttons.
Thanks for the interest and I hope we can get you a magazine or two.
Why don't you have fun with your boyfriend. I always knew you liked boys.
Just saw that Charles Napier died (RIP). Funny how the Russ Meyer films were suspiciously missing from his Brian Williams Obit.
Who said that?
Even more amazing than winning a Chipotle sweepstakes: Discovering Chipotle has menus.
Got home just in time to watch Varitek's retirement announcement on
that quote is from Louis from One Direction!!!
That moment when your day is amazing, but then you get home and it just kinda falls..
In love with the rain right now....but was scared to death driving in it. Thank you LA Drivers for being cool today...
So who else is enjoying themselves at #ISCWest ?
#SEXUALBANDS Do I even have to say One Direction??
Three hours.
Rad. Works for me! Yeah I feel like I got an e-mail confirming stuff from the stamp guy but now can't find it. Alas.
nice! Where are you going to move?
love it!
does that count as a "bin"?
it's a good point! those canines would love casa rosa.
I am trying to make up for the times i didnt tweet
is it too late to join stagecrew?
well no one cares! ^.^
guys love himm too
It's hi time for pie time!
Gotta rush - chat ya ltr ~
Now I'm questioning everything..
This girl sitting next to me needs to shut the fuck up.
Critical Thinking Wk 14: Alexander the Great told Aristotle he should not publish his ideas. Others should not know his strategy.
I feel ya MT : . explains why making my bed makes me feel better about my life. "Why Organizing Matters."
Pretty little liarrs
WHOA! Only 8 e-mails in the inbox. Take a picture!
maybe she's already got a bunch? fingers crossed.
Happy Friday everyone! What kind of fun plans do we have in store this weekend?
This may be the one of the greatest things I've seen. Thanks!
Urban Dictionary is like the wikipedia for every terrible juvenile thought the human species could have. I love it.
def not, buying the olive color, would look good with casual shoes
Watching Forest Gump for English <3
Goodnite! Hope you are doin great! Take care!
I love #she'samazing
It was all really nice and then there was Jesus stuff. Ain't that always the way.
Who did you hit?
Most annoying thread title in the SH forums, "Magma Errors".
I get my raise next week aw yeah (Pauly D v)
Lifepath is changing everything August 21
Ugh, taxes
Russian weightlifter gets 10-year ban
dude i miss You too! I've been tryin to get down on HW this is the last week of school before finals!
You will never feel my pain.
So boredd... Someone save me lol
we're all soo afraid of rejection that we don't even try.
I will cry if this isn't real.
Please follow us, we have big plans in 2013. And tell your friends about us
I wish I could kiss from on #NationalKissDay .. That would make my day so much better. Cuz today sucked :/
Welcoming Steve, Tiffany and Matthew...thank you.
good morning to you!
Sweet!! Will text you Fri morning.
so there's this teenager next door. and he's 15. but he's weird.
Its fairly brilliant. Fred Ward and Clancy Brown are great. They shot a lot of it w/ red filter so its real bad on hd tv.
I'm sort of offended that someone littered on my campus; but more offended by it being Keystone.
see the tweet regarding the "SPECIAL 10 FOR $10 DEAL TONIGHT!!!" Any takers?
thank you so much :) that really got me thinking and sparked a new wave of creativity!
9 hours and counting on our first night of opening on a Sunday. Something we can build on...but sleep is all I can think about.
#Fletcher: bike plan that works with other mayor's and cities a must.
Go'on tat my name so i know its reall :)
Hear that Economy Roar! Don't tell Central Indiana homeowners there is a recession. We're building, repairing & hiring. The Sun is Shining!
merry xmas to you bill and family
One the bright side..... Listening to 's whole album over & over again! it helps me think. (:
#vaumc11 so blessed to have awesome leadership from Rev. Alan Combs and Rev. Jessie Squires Thank you 4 your work
CD101fm Music Meeting-Sleigh Bells “Tell Em” Lot going on in this… tired of the electronic though
You're still on the Metro??? Harsh!!
-Love the polyvore doll! Great looks! xox
RIGHT?! glad to know I'm not alone. What's crazy is it was someone older than me who said this!
Greer always knows....
Maki Sushi: Rolled sushi, often with a layer of nori on the outside, surrounding a layer of sumeshi around various fillings of your choice.
haha yeah man...well shit, if u come up on some transportation let me know, until then i'll direct msg u some shit i thought of
going on a cruise in 4 years? That's a lot of planning ahead haha
we will have one car but driving really is what we want to do so thank you for the tip!
We appreciate the kind words.
the sky;P
Allow your client’s customers to check their current balance and real-time activity on your client’s website. www.clientrocket.com/rto
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
it is biased... I "ignored" her on a different day... and u seem happy she was busted
and a bit painful, not what we were hoping to see after the break
Basketball, Azteca, Pong, Flips flops... could be day of the year (and maybe taco cabana????)
So sad about Amy Winehouse. Another overdosed rock star dead at age 27. Keep ur kids away from that stuff!
Listened to 's #BigHoops on repeat to psych myself up for spin class! The bigger the better in reference to a tight spin booty!
lmao shell bring zac with her don't worry
to sum up everything i could say, God is good :)
RT "Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence."
Thanks for the RT you gorgeous thing!!!
how about rageblade on misfortune
I'm having a great time at Silk. is tearing it up and are a blast and I am having the time of my life.
thx Jerry! Hope all is well!!
The awkward moment when you're staring at someone cute and they look right back at you.
Can't nobody say I changed from moving !
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN!
text me and letme know how that experience went
YOU have school spirit?! Shocking!! ;-) RT : that spirit stick is OURS for homecoming
Curious what you think of #denver. Obviously we have variable weather. Have you seen the blue bear? Ask me about 1% for art.
Thanks dude. I've never had anyone tell me I have a nice wasp.
that will change once you talk to me
never let ya pride get N the way of sumtin good.
Dentist appt tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Make plans to see our Every Child Has a Name exhibit before it's gone! The last day to catch it is March 18.
what a nice tribute to your friends :)
Talking about pros & cons of TILT. Free, saves time -- but outdated and dated, too
Thanks, Denise! We all need a little more relaxation in our lives. Enjoy!
“There is no graduation from education.” ~Rachel Denning
still... that's sad =( the cheese stands alone, my good sir!! i at least have like... *checks* 0.56%!woop!
yum...grilled cheese
Recent studies reveal that 83% of American girls are lame.
My mom took mycomputer awayAGAIan -_____________________- i didint do shit this time and my room is clean , lml she forgot i have a ebook :D
I bet there are plenty of skinny people on WW too.
Cleaning a restroom that pre-teen boys use <<< I cant do this blehhhhh.
yeah he was in children's there a lot at the end it was presby as he was to old for children's. How often r u there?
Now and then I think about all the times you screwed me over, part of me believing that it was always something that I'd done
Come on Pacers keep ...it..up!!!!
trying to reach customer support by phone. our LNA databases not loading. are there problems at your end?
damn that shit look good :(
"I would send bill & ted back 2 get me a 1st c roman... take them down the candy aisle 2 c the look on their face." Love it!
“: #BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the drama. #STFUandjustworkout”... I can't take it nemore.
I mean...that's what it looks like to me, but his guitar case is kind of concealing it.
great to meet you also! Made it back to Portland in one piece.
ok, what direction should I head? East, west, north, south? #ohandcanmywifecometoo #shereallywantsto ;-)
Painted Words wishes you a HAPPY TURKEY DAY!
Good luck, we're cheering for you, "Mike"!
I Miss you To, Yu Ben M.I.A Lol
mashed potatoes with caterinekaz at 4am
that guy is such a little bitch, why doesn't he just retire and move to florida allready
I get all my political news via my Facebook newsfeed. Not sure why that is.
I am proud to announce that this Thursday Chispa Marketing will be a sponsor at the United Way’s Miami Taste & Toast Fine Wine...
haha, here's my recipe: a lil wine + a lil = so far so good!
awesome... what'd you shoot?
We appreciate your support! With your help we can and will do this!
the crimson chin is trending. haha!
h lee its kylie i changed my name to my idol
Really love this weather!
QoTD: "There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them." (Tom Krause)
PLEASE JUST LET THEM WIN.
on tap, Imperial IPA (replaces Demolition Ale)
Who are you? -who, who? Now I've got the song in my head, lol
Where did you go?
#Texas now with more ft's made than fg's made. Getting dumptrucked by
Read as "feet trash on"
Why are the days that should easiest often the hardest? Geez.
I'm finally, not sick anymore...
ill bite you back >:)lol RT : then ill bite you >:/
thanks buddy LOLL
nope. The minivan already has 2 #Recaro baby seats.
where they do that at lol
SAVASANA is playing tomorrow afternoon at !
Gonna have to start getting my musical theatre back on.
Thanks for all the memories Ricky!
ah, i see! at the moment we are adjusting to our 40 percent annual growth rate in submissions! Please be patient!
Heaven On Earth Foundation checking in at Woman's Success Summit
when will college basketball rankings be released? Didn't know if the holiday would cause a delay.
How long has it been since you were last sick? Mention or DM me you're answer. For me... 3 years.
Thanks! happy Easter 2. Love me some chocolate bunnies & marshmallow eggs covered in chocolate! Thanks again for your help!
Back in the boot
25th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft!! oh how that number reminds me of our amazing season! #GOBRONCOS! GB^2
In 1803 Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase for 233 million in today's dollars, witch obama spent while you read this
See , this is what lying does .. learn from oomf mistakes - dont lie on me , dont stunt on me , dont BULLSHIT me !
I actually recognize you by your Geomicons icon set! Nice job on those!
Great, see u Saturday! : Yes we do! About 25% of our menu usually is or can be made vegan. Love to celebrate with you!
Happy day to all the moms!
The eternal Friday afternoon debate: to bring home papers to grade or not to?
sure! lets get started on email:
Press pass . let me know what else you are planning to see this week. maybe we will meet up again
#WhatILove "The sound of a distant train..."
AWESOME...I'm all connected!
Both are great favorites of mine.
please call the hospital I'm in and tell them I need my bravo or let me out of here by Sunday 9pm. Heart trouble
I got that game but haven't played a lot , as far as i know most if glitches were patched with the 1.05 update
thanks for the follow Brittany!
Sounds great! We'll give you a call this afternoon. Thank you so much!
She say she needed somebody
21st Birthday Update: It took 15 minutes for not to remember this night!
#BJA Associate Editorial Board
"long day" was an understatement lol
99% of my cousins are fake . That's why I rather not talk or hang out with them .
-- 513-529-x is the miami campus exchange, right?
Thanks for a great first day at #gilbane everyone. Looking forward to talking with you at the booth tomorrow!
Social media analytics 101 1) Gather lots of data 2) Segment, Segment, Segment 3) Tie to business objectives 4) Act on data!
I love fruity pebbles, music, playing basketball, talking sh*t, anything Kentucky, eating, dancing, gettin $$ and girls too <-- I got ADD 2!
Gotta throw GATORade in there for the ex-gator too! Might help the taste as well...
thanks! abt. 90% of the movies I watch now are Indian, several languages. been watching for years now. :D
providing the soundtrack to the 49ers game... Dreams Into Reality
Hosting the Girls on the Run coaches training session at the Newberry. What a great program for 3rd to 5th grade girls!
it dont matter, u let me know when ur avail. Also, need u to find me a lil somethin
This is where I have to decide whether I want to be lazy or crazy with DnD.
Men getting married, If you don't acknowledge the red flags before marriage, believe me you'll see them again if you get divorced.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
My dads killing in dice! He's the master grew up with this!!
providence rhode island :)
Thanks for Retweeting the Un-Competition Project!
Guy in FLVS Final Exam Review: "Good deal, Good deal."
Finally the #Bruins get a goal on a rebound.
Thanks! Somehow we missed Corduroy Day, but the connection is obvious.
Cyber high-five to E! for adding scripted programming to their slate! Reading all about it in this week's Hollywood Reporter !
casual attire and atmosphere for Fire & Ice. Good question! :)
Whatcha gunna do with all the junk, all that junk inside that trunk!
LMAO, I ain't bite this time, sometimes an old flame needs to stay that way.... OLD, lol!!!
lets go together. :D
sounds wonderful. Let me know when you finish!
its coming(:
Anyone see Avengers in 3D?? WAS AVENGERS WORTH SEEING IN 3D??? please let me know!!
I have been getting too used to the gym, I'm gonna check it at least.
Niall!!...What would you rather be, a monkey or a banana?
No #arbitration for
- Mine is sawa. R u still jailbrocken?
I wanna watch Bryce!
no remember I said I couldn't for graduation.. I wish I could see you though!!
True or false... and I attended SAE Christmas last night as if we were still in college.
RT : “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up-we love you so!” - The Wild Things. RIP Maurice Sendak.
Time to brush up on your photography skills! RT : "Literal dream come true thanks to #tumorroowlandz"
Bringing religion to my office by blasting Jesus Christ Superstar.
I want to share happy moment! tell me!
EVERYBODY was telling me I do last night
Bus rides to game <<<... but listening to music on the bus rides >>>
I accept any and all blame.
Homer Simpson: Kids, just because I don
#kings up 1-0! Goal by Williams with 6:30 left in the first!
I really want to figure out who those women are. I have some leads. Duncan Mackintosh is unfortunately a very common name.
officially in colorado! heading up the rockies and skiing tomorrow. can't wait, there is no better feeling than being up in the mountains
Just passed an accident at 23rd and p...i think a pedestrian might have died... o_o
To be a real man, you gotta be a real boy first."
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>damn lol alright thank you!
F you What a coincidence you just left my building an now I have no Internet.
(626): He did plead exhaustion. And I made him push through it. I am like the motherfucking badass football coach of sex. /via
I love the pink
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #6 The Power of Conversion - people are taking longer to make buying decisions give them enough value to buy
damn beautiful state for beautiful girls and im from ohio :)
I'm at the pharmacy reading thrasher mag and I spotted kreayshawn and her photographer GF
Can't wait for #abduction to come out. Super excited and ready to watch on the big screen over the weekend.
How's the finals grind treating you?
Or "Oxen of Sun" in which you have to play through the entire history of gaming from Space War to Skyrim
Leaving Las
I love you guys &if i could have a day where you come to Kansas City Missouri Sprint Center that would be a dream come-true
#givebackDetroit RT : If you're a shelter, soup kitchen, charity etc. We would love to help promote you for free
without further ado let's get this show on the road shall we!!!
twitter couldn't find the link!
Keith thank so much for the retwit. Have to connect soon.
Good luck this week!
I Never Knew Love Could Be So Sweet. The Joy You Give To Me , Peace And Harmony !
So adorable! =)
hippos are going to have to take a back seat to my new obsession.... Narwhal Whales!!!!!! love love them!
Thanks for the RT! :)
That would be sweet if you won and they gave away free drink tickets at the gate. then, you pay for however many are redeemed.
...I'm aggressive these days.
Look 4 a new blog on VS Phoenix game 6 following the game tonight w/ game pics & commentary.
Preparing for a meeting this afternoon. SheaMoí Naturelle™ coming to a store near you!
Indian Country today article on sovereign immunity defense.
2012 already kicks 2011's ass.
Up to my eyes in HW.
Japan's soccer chief has blasted Urawa Reds manager Volker Finke for encouaging players to take dives, I am sick of it too!!
Today is national Pig in a Blanket Day. What's your favorite finger food?
ginos in teays valley delivering pizza
Ok the album is off the chain. Sang to me girl!
I believe RT : Hey, man, just go with it. This Tebow thing makes you feel good. Great story.
It wasn't all that bad! the first essay though.. i was like what until i read the documents
Radio: All the hubbub over Rush Limbaugh...Love or hate him...Great for the power of radio.
Wow you guys are tall but pretty^-^! I can't reach my coffee at Starbucks sometimes and it's embarrassing XD
Home to Austin. And St. Arnold's Christmas Ale. And KALE. And GOD DAMN strawberries and CHARD.
These guys are making a zombie game and i had a zombie dream #coincidence?
new York! Haha it's more fun
I know. I don't believe it either.....I thought she would have an account by now so Chad would follow her.
<3! which show?
Me too!
Hey everyone!! How are you doing tonight??
Go to Caddies RT Argument at the Bethesda Morton's. Only 1 TV and we want the Wiz. Little old lady wants the Series.
is amazing! Great #NFL Story
Ground ball up the middle BASE HIT FOR GANTNER! Castillo SCORES and the Brewers again lead, 7-6!
intense. left me thinking about so much. should i tell you the end scene?
I'm back from overseas just two days ago. Can't wait to catch up!!
Relationships are a two way street navigated by women who are backseat drivers and men who refuse to use maps
Roll Tide
Still morbid but funny. Ha! Now no tweeting and driving, ya here! Just looking out for my fraand. And come back soon!
“: So tonight will look suspiciously like Royal Wedding coverage. We'll be back next week unless Prince Harry elopes.”
A beanbag round to the groin may be less than lethal, but you'll probably want to die. Good shooting WPD.
Too true. (cc: ) RT A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. -Jerry Seinfeld
Big time kudos to for his line of questions for Josh Beckett tonight. That stuff (w/ an angry player) is never easy, folks.
I guess when you told me you found the one who made your life complete, you really didnt mean it, or it wasnt about me..
Mo money means mo dough to blow
House of Prime Rib in SF?
“If you don’t think about the future, you won’t have one.”— Henry Ford, American industrialist (1863-1947)
We live in Reno and we do do tht!
Should be good show even without this time around
I was thinking I had a 4500 word limit for a report I'm writing. 1500 words in, I remember it's only 2500. Oops. I see editing in my future.
''Ke$ha is a wonderful human being'' -Dirt Nasty
I have some invites. Who wants one?
congrats on your deal Lance! See you in Tucson.
uGot evry right to think&kno that wat u offerin him is more than wat he deserves @ the moment.
What's everyone up to, tonight?
'husband' loved it and the black zip. Amazing what men notice!
I stand corrected. THE ARTIST was perfectly inoffensive.
Sorry for the no-show on Friday, not enough hours in the day.
Got a list of 120 pro wireless systems at legit closeout prices. Email to ask for a copy.
Lmao my bf just got mad i was tweeting & wasn't tlkn to him..i laughed at him ctfu #jealousy *Shrugs* oh well get over it!
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken, but somehow still works.
Sorry, dude. Keep pushing!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Thanks for the follow
Shockers harvest wheat, and wheat is the main ingredient in my favorite food: cereal!!
I hope that's a U2 reference. (Also, those pajamas blend in well with the sheets; I hope you don't lose track of Linus.)
Heck, I am 15 years old. But I don't act like that.
i get it - he is old, mood, flops on the pitch - but when he brings it he brings it. why sell him? Because our other goal scorer is.....?
My sister LOVES to make fun of me.
I'll learn someday
Just gave another community member directions & tokens to get to the rally to fight budget cuts! #dcfy13 MT
It's cool, I didn't want an #ff today anyway.
FWD: : on facebook We need 1 more like 2 hit 400 ,lets do it ,
that movie sucked ass.
Sorry, dude. Baby Boomers aren't allowed in mosh pits.
haha yeah they were!
yes we are having our first tweet up next. Hope u can make it. Will be a great time.
people need to lighten the F up!
Up soo early
what's wrong?? Working to hard or did u hurt it??
sweet ride! How much was it? Do you ride for work only?
Hey there! Working on a style story. Can you direct me to PR/media relations on the West Coast?
RT Invites are going super fast! ! RT & Follow ! Last invites to be randomly given to followers.
Clemson is for squares
How do you find out if a girl is interested? Good Question, I usually just assume they're not...
all i want for christmas ....is.... UNDER THE MISTLETOE ! Thank you for the best album of this and next year !
In the studio right now and Anthony is laying down magic! This record is going to crush!
working my first Saturday at the m.... printers not working and all other sort of awkward entities afloat :-)
I don't always talk to Kentucky alumni, but when I do, I always ask for large fries... ;)
NO, you don’t have “haters”. People just don’t like you. Get over yourself."
Kick Axe is great, but C-Dog is special. Great beers. Thanks
i want some doritos
...to the hard of hearing you shout, and for the almost-blind you draw large and startling figures...
Florence + The Machine is coming in October, in San Diego and Mountain View. LET'S DO THIS!
always in the wolf pack
your little tweet about skyping with "Matthew" apparently wasn't me...
Let that would had been onee of my nigg's He would had died a little FASTER
California stars
Nice, solid run!
My thoughts i have none... "Boing"
I write in MLA and edit a journal in APA...most of my first drafts now are a weird mashup of the two!
BTW, love the name--both of them. Two giants of history.
The competition is fierce! Have you gotten your vote in yet? #brewersolympics at both Rohrbach locations
any ideas for exact dates or countries?
Spent the weekend in Austin at South by Southwest Music Fest-- incredible energy in this town. A beautiful city that still booming!
listing to pink floyd 's - obscured by clouds. in the new crib.... i need a life.
House is standing at ease until 2:35pm.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>25
Happy Birthday Alice Paul, author of the ERA!
Old enough to know what I want, young enough to get it!
awesome show tonight....
Great . . will be entering clinical rotations in a few weeks. And you?
I have to say right now is the coolest mofo on the planet to me...following his program and my body is morphing!
Rap City Bitch!
people who cheat at 'fuck, marry, kill' are the worst kind of people
right on man, where you out of?
Craving wings and fries again... There isn't a place close to me though :(
CAT sucks monkey balls
Yeah, I thought about moving them. Pretty deserted around there.
Collier to weigh fire, EMS mergers - The News-Press
Here You Go
The Hard Knocks retrospective is outstanding. Check it out on HBO.
Does get Subway endorsement deal now?
Actor Edward Norton's career could have used the boost that playing The Hulk in "The Avengers" would have given him.
she would hep a lot (: and GSA at school helps too
#RIP Whitney Houston
what is a consumer/patient's threshold for Health app burnout? How many apps can I possibly use and still find value?
Only had one final exam today ... Swag swag
Ten Athletes w/ Type 1 #Diabetes Will Run 3,000 Miles from Oceanside, CA to NYC bit.ly/nbqa8Q
I had to leave early, who won? As if the Star Trek domination of the event wasn't apparent
Crazy, eh?? I was absent for a while. But I'm back-ish LOL
#sharkweek who wakes up and says "i want to touch great whites when i get older" LMAO
Everyone check this station out they are amazing!
As Tina Fey would say, BLURG!
Haha, I always say that, too!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? -Albert Camus
Tweeting, for fun, from iCab for iOS.
Fuck that rip shit. I'm not disrespecting that movie. Imma buy the SE blu-ray too
Buy 1 Bottle get 1 FREE only at #RevolutionSaturdays . Reservations:
“: Now putting words in my mouth that's just to much. You seriously need help.” I do need help. Remind me what's your point
Then, in 2010, he abruptly became less involved in the seed exchange, & told Dr. Goldman he was distracted by a divorce from his 2nd wife.
: there is very little in the world that offends me, but "fuck Derby " is one is them
cool! :P
Don't be afraid to ask for what you want when working w vendors. Use your use data to define your needs.
thanks buddy
I'm having a great time with family today. I hope everyone else is having a nice day.
#Weightloss by tracking your every day calories! Works for me! Check out the
Startin "Good-Looking Mondays"
love your pic it makes me say my darling :)
"Jesus accepts his vocation and He does His work incredibly well."
Morning to all early birds getting their day started with Starbucks! I swear Starbucks drinkers are in a whole different universe, lol
hahahahah I know :)) there are some creepy people out there though hahaha
Yes, good suggestion. Thank you!
if rawr is i love you in dino then what is i hate you in dino? Answer: Grrrr
Looking forward to feeding you soon. P.S you might get hooked.
Thanks for the support :D
oh I am sweet and nice! But I'll be a bitch when I have to, naa meaan!
RT idea: "Breaking relationship between learning & time in Alberta" #abed rocks (more proof)
P***y is p***y but I'd rather it shaved! Ijs
Forgot to have my black eyed peas and collard greens today... hope this isn't a bad omen for the year to come!
OFF TWITTER. WATCH IT.
It's a beautiful day and I can't wait to play!
Things is my brother doesn't even want to go to this college.
Hi there Marina_Dee
Tune into ABC's Good Morning America this morning during the 8am hour. I'll be modeling some great spring fashions!
Thanks for tweeting about
What time do you think traffic will die down tonight? I have to drive to Phoenix...
Oh u fancy huh?, Oh u fancy huh? :-)
Pray for you and your community’s resolve to protect children by reporting incidents of child abuse and neglect
Indeed you do!
I'm gonna go be social tonight. See you guys at 7pm
you had me at "Death"
she needs to go :)
I like Taylor Swift, but no honey. I'll dislike you if you ever date Harry. I have my reasons.
ASCAP has a pretty useful online setup for publishing your songs. You can easily take care of that yourself
Shes part of a group who kidnaps kids like jake&emily to study them & try to profit from them.
I'm not a morning person....
Happy to have everything set to attend the 79th Annual Meeting of the Music Library Association, being held in San Diego
You're welcome! Our reviewer had a wonderful time!
ur so sexy can I lick u
Evil Alliance mascot?
Lucky you. Pathetic him.
I will always in my mind be the best in the world :) GN
Why is there always so much drama, get over yourselves
Twitter has been contacted... Now I wait and then delete if they can't help.. Sorry if anymore annoying messages reach y'all from me :(
If this was a ... free writing? Better ReTweet ...
Sitting down...
I wanna go
Boutta get lunch hungry
RT J of Audiences: "Why do they keep making these awful movies?" Answer "B/c u keep going to them."
Thank you new followers!!
Uh, how do you find people to follow on ? Anyone? Why can you only find people through FB?
a must read from the latest Western Historical Quarterly: "Rock Music and the New West, 1980-2010" by Todd M. Kerstetter
no there's like a minute left
uhh yea.. expect tat I didnt understand anything. lol
Wowww, niqkas be jacking my SWAG!
Back to School FX up now in Sound Design! Check it out on #productionvault!
Go Justin Go Justin almost 12.000.000 #followers !!
Wow. Gwinnett County Schools is facing a $90 million budget deficit?
TONIGHT - THRILLER with Lotus Resident DJ XES & Special Guest DJ's Justin George, Amy Lopez, Turtlefeet & Panda @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!
Cool! Work or fun?
So true! RT “: Roman Harper is so tough and cool he doesn't just hit people, he penalizes them. Gosh, that never gets old.”
Don't forget to get your ballot in for the primary!
A little more than 50 percent in, Brooks, Doorley, Randall holding their leads.
I'm actually watching #Survivor finale that immunity challenge was intense
Do you think that Mac will be able to maintain its unique innovative quality now that Steve Jobs has passed?
FYI: MT : Tomorrow @ 7pm 5 pours of award winning Compass Box Scotches for $15
burbank i believe
Thats how I read it, but I have been soccer drunk for fifteen hours. Your definition makes total sense.
Heh. I also think of that whenever someone talks about cooking with broccoli rabe.
I am imagining Web 2.71828183 - The Transcendental Web
not at the present moment but the sidekick is ALWAYS ready lol
RT If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.
Yes ma'am I'm fine. Thanks a MILLI for thine concern
thanx for your leadership against #humantrafficking & followback. Share in a blessed 2012.
your really cute(:
I have some magic beans to sell to whomever believes this RT : RT : Pedroia was measured at 5-foot-8 3/4 today
It's nice when someone you love reminds you of the truth...I do deserve the absolute best. I really do.
Cue "Aoki-Mania" in Milwaukee.
good morning bestie!
Going out to eat & shopping(: Are you doing anything with your mom?
I know I saw some other cameras filming Skyline Park. Does anyone have any good crowd shots? We need some more for Guinness
Excited as heck for Hotel Foster Residency Week 3 tonight with and Hello Death! 8PM!
New office, new branding, new office manger, new master mind, new bigger network, Yahoo I'm ready!
my dog was throwing up yesterday it was nasty...would not want his life ha ha
Did you know that on this day in 1919, big band singer Anita O'Day was born right here in #Chicago?
Today, two people next to me hailed a cab and said. “Oh gosh I hope it’s the Cash Cab!”
Funny how #lakers fans were so happy with that win... LOL... Just wait til next week when ur gettin swept by !!!
I'm looking for a few good computer nerds who like money. www.budurl.com/techbiz
new Fforde novel! Joy, now I know what to add to my reading list.
what was you're dream
There is a large diesel fuel spill in the area of Clays Mill Rd and wellington. It is best to avoid the area for a while.
oh my....this is not a good look for them.
#kamakaze San Rafael is half full with people, there is a huge loud family taking three tables, fast service. The hamachi Kama was great
I hate to retire my brushes for a while. You're making me sad.
Sitting in a hot seat at the hard rock! Thx for the 1000 free play! The HRH is the only place to play on 10/10/10!
your cake is super cute!
First tweet in two months. Been balancing family and personal crises. Haven't written in nearly as long. Just posted first blog since 12/24.
Goodmorning/afternoon too all
It would be a cool opportunity for you. I think you'd find that it's a lot of fun.
Okc ball clearly
All bc I'm not around 24/7 doesn't mean it's the end of the world.
Slight change of hours for Wednesday September 28th. We will be closing early at 5pm. Sorry for any inconvenience!
Th community in #s don't attend mtgs Only the ppl who get off,eat by 6:30&dont have 2 chk hmwk go . Its a monarchy.
Ok let it out honey, let it out.... Miss u.
Order sent to Ashlee in MN!
Thx for the mailing! Dig the Romero Pharis disc. I am admittedly biased, tho, considering how desperately I want 1 of his 'jos
Hands down Hugo's surprised they are still open. RT What has been your worst restaurant experience?
#YouKnowShesTheOne when you can drive from SF to LA and not turn on the radio to drown her out.
: love your #ladiesoftvissue #itsTVinAmerica people say I could be sister... ^_^
is it from the transformer fire?
just because he isn't the one...doesn't mean there isn't another guy out there that you can love even more than the one who let you go. <3
Hope your boss isn't on Twitter.
Big things have small beginnings.
The last post was the First Round of the Alliance Semi-Finals.
it could mean you have to use the phone and call everyone the rest of the day :)
i think I'd actually watch footage of Mitt tap dancing...
Hey you should rename the Sounds of Coachella channel to the Jack Johnson channel.
Wondering why the deadline is 11:59pm. Would 8am suffice? What does the registrar do over the next eight hours?
no problem. Popped in for a few minutes during your live broadcast . Neat session.
Alicia still sexy
i guess it's a good day to have green in your team name and kit.
To celebrate the latest ruling on #prop8, come in btwn 11-2 today & get 8% off your lunch food if you mention the Prop 8 special.
3 pairs of Mallard ducks swimming in Rouge ponds today. Wonder if they'll nest on the Living Roof again this year, or in the wetlands?
hi! Sorry I missed this yesterday. Hope ur having a fabulous wknd!
Mark your calendar- Thurs 3/11 Harrisons on Third: GOKickball pre-season party. We've almost made it to spring! Lets celebrate this shit!
New player on the block Will Ferguson (Herndon H.S.)
Well, hello SoMo. Hope to introduce you to Ramon soon.
Feeling fancy listening to Sarah Vaughan eating raspberries.
Yeah, I think it finally counts. We watched it at work during lunch.
The Red Sox jab was by far the best in that Top 10. Well played.
Twitter-inro: and if you don't already know each other, you should!
I literally just laughed out loud! Hope you and Mrs are doing well! Let us know if you are ever in Clt and we can get dinner!
SKC keeps playing like this, we'll qualify them as a nation-state so they can win the Olympics & WC 2014. ; ) It's fun to watch!
My right hand is finnah match a blunt with my left hand..
Why care about being buzz worthy? Because all roads lead to conversions and $$
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.” ~ Maya Angelou
what pictures I post?<---enjoy your narcissism!
what are the stat people by the sound guy keeping track of? In front of 210
What's for lunch? Tacos? Brunch? Diet shake? Too many choices.
You have good taste!
Welcome to the team ! Glad to have you here!!
I wanna go to Phoenix.... The temp tomorrow is 104.!!
Lynne Ramsay is too indie for that (jk but the Morvern Callar soundtrack is picture perfect)
I'm still selling candy
I still can't believe I talked to earlier. <3
Happy Holidays!!! We at the #RVA wish you and yours a safe and blessed holiday season!!!
You're welcome! :)
now, that's wicked
TRAFFIC: 2 car crash w/injuries EB Beltline after Rimrock. Some blockage, use caution.
Rhetorical question: When are the "powers that be" going to concede to reality and label FOX as partisan propaganda hate speech?
RT Facebook petition in #TheKillingJoke. He really wants to do this!\ Fans want Mark as The Joker again!
We just added our latest song
did Jim Vance really just say "Stay on top of Irene with NBC4"?
Kay:* I want my something on fb btwww
online place to watch???
Dreaming of love is not enough.You have to work at it. I love because they're classy and fun - and they get results!
your ah-mazing and i heart you! A tweet back would be great but if your busy its okay i understand
me likey too!We have been together since 1800 followers,does this mean you guys are really dating just like she said?
just got my hoodie!! 1 word Dope!! really digging the steez! really love what yall doing fam.
Can't wait to hear from the fabulous today!
where do you find strawberry soju?
Thanks for listing us as a part of your "great people list"
If a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a "wave" is it a "ripple"?
when is it dropping?? Strange Clouds IS Dope
btw did i ever tell you that my cousin's name was jenny shaw til she married, became jenny black (coulda been bshaw tho!)
did you all not play last weekend?
lol nothing just woke up too.:P noow just chatting and listening to Riri .<U+2665> xD loveuu.<U+2665>
#BroughtonMemories Fussing out Mr.Vandervort and getting kicked out of class everyday .. lmao !
“: Must be nice to be hung over on a Tuesday at 3 -_-” hahha YES!
Who is you favorite jazz artist of today?
and #Baltimore city by 10?
Feeling better then yesterday :P
Yahoo! The Pirates won! I hope they can keep the momentum going.
I can find good out of any situation, that's why I be smilin.
"Is that rain?" No, Zooey, it's everyone who hates you peeing on your house.
for sure!
I'm thinking about watching some mad men on Netflix....
MediaTech Institute (Media Production / Entertainment School) been trying to get in for the last 4yrs almost.
No need to RT : Someone today told me not to change
Some girl here thought she was Santa and tried to go down her chimney to get in her house kuz she was locked out. Lol
Oh wow I just found out that is coming to WA tomorrow. Who has more details?
YES YES YES!!! i wanna see the cover:) pretty please with sugar on top?
haha well thanks for the thought
Has anyone else witnessed the "Forever Lazy" infomercial? Promised to leave you forever dumbfounded.
different races...different cities...same goal...
Watching my favorite MUA LIVE at
Have you heard the song "Take a Back Road"? I think it's going to my summer 2011 theme song...
“: 1st reason why N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: It would be redundant. Marriage is already really gay.” and incest
Way to think big! May the fourth be with you! :)
Just had a conversation about this w/a friend who wanted maid service as a gift for Xmas.
In celebration of #ToniMorrisonDay I will give you 5 reasons why *The Bluest Eye* is my favorite book of hers.
ya doin secret Santa tomorrow!!!!!!! ;D
Just 22 followers away from announcing winners of the #VampGiveaway Follow for your chance to be 1 of the lucky 20 winners!
faaaaack, gotta get up and do that cardio my little goat nuggets
Congratulations on a job well done!
Watching impractical jokers and literally laughing out loud. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
NBC has ordered 13 episodes of the new show GO ON. Congratulations !
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. ~ Julia Roberts
does that mean it was actually a bomb?
Let's just get through opening weekend...baby steps!
gl play g00t and get a modicum of good luck
Hahahahahaha. It's cool that bitch doesn't need to live.
RT : its kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney
We realize we get a ~lot~ of AT&T bills, but sometimes it looks like the post office has stomped on them in a fit of rage.
Route 24 behind Suffolk Federal Credit Union
I've never noticed anything out of the ordinary. What's ordinary anyway??
Come play in the dirt on Saturday at Marion! We've got a mountain of soil to unload, weeds the need to be pulled and veggies to plant!
If the heat lose ima b hurt...
That's why I do the online dating thing. I have no idea how else I'd meet men.
Scratching your head over an answer to the "Tell Me About Yourself" job interview question? has tips for you via
"Step outside your shoes and think how people use search engines to find things" - Sheri Fitts, moderator
“: Jazz are about to come back!” < stop it!
Can't sleep
For every startup that makes something new, there are 6 startups there to support it, it seems. We truly are a "service" economy.
Fly into PHX Tues. Hope I don't need my passport from WI like Little Ax. Congrats on contract renewal!
Alright, made it out of the house, now what to do?
--aw thanks. miss you too emmygene....miss you too...
Happy FIRST Friday in May! Swing by the B tonight to grab a bite and some free stuff!
Yay! Fletcher saying no six figure pensions!
oh, thanks Ashley!! Those were some good times, but you can alway come to Kings Fishouse in the LBC!! I hooks it up!
its fine no worries :)
Enjoy It! “: Just got home and the postman has dropped of my copy of DVD that's tonight's entertainment sorted!”
Glad I'm going to north carolina
On break. Ready to go home.
": You're a monster" you are.
I didnt get to go visit MY FAMILY because, i didnt take 4 tests in two days.
read a few self help books, donate some of your time to charity, and STFU.
I love them and there's no complaints... Just a little bored I guess...lol
"When arguing with a fool, don't answer their foolish arguments, or you become as foolish as they are." Proverbs 26:4”
Lot No. 10 is a ROSE CITY Timbers jersey, autographed by team, and MLS ball autographed by
Progress without Destruction: would simply not happen without & They are crazy, hard-working angels
thanks! RT : Putting captions on my storm story, reminded of how talented photoj colleagues r. u'll want 2 buy 2morrow's paper.
Jealous, I am
Don't hope something good is going to happen, be stronger and KNOW it will...
how do psychos find such great masks?
OD tired night everyone :)
NOTHING...AND I'M WAY IN THE 407 :(
sounds like some exotic kind of purely medicinal marijuana
Once everything is finalized, I'm letting you know because we have to meet up, okay.
Turn Up The music , Cause We Found Love In A Hopeless Place :)
So it's called "the new iPad". Next year: the newer iPad.
I LOVE YOUU
Seriously, honey? I so would have gone with the movie. ;)
Carless: Is there some point to being able to trust an unelected admin?
great article on the SB. , , JV HS athletes, with a journalism degree & pen
What volume considerations are you concerned about? Different versions of data (one for people, one computers), etc.?
Thank goodness for my music <3 this would be the longest and worst car ride ever without it.
Wet them babe....
Whitney Houston is dead?? Wtf? 48 is way too young!
Sounds good!
Our open house showcasing our green roofs, living walls & rainwater tanks was extremely successful. Thank you to all who attended & helped!
I got this pizza but no microwave :/
Oh, I know about those ;) haha
just aloser station 963jackfm posted all internet radio are posers, I motivated my entire staff2 go after them...have fun.
The hottest models in the world
"Keep calm and get social" "Make your company social" Facebook
199 summer registrations and counting who will be number 200?
send a link
-- hooray and thanks! will play tonight via the program on
Totally off topic, but I found some good tea here at the convention center. Happy non-coffee drinker here.
I liked 3 in one solid glass frame_horizontal or just 2 in separate but matching frames. I couldn't decide either haha
Pretty fucking awesome weekend with friends in a TP cx, can't wait for next weekend to go to horror nights FUCKYEA (y)
3 more followers and we hit 500 followers!
hahaha isnt proper grammar a turn on! And yes I am yummy why wouldnt you be with me if I wasnt...hello! Your DILF day will come
I get the feeling his "evolution" will be well guided by gallop polls and think-tanks.
Yes, and we're looking for interns too! Great opportunities.
thank ya, I don't know where I'm going yet
"Stand by those principles [in the Dec of Indep], be true to them on all occasions.. whatever cost." Fred. Douglass July 4, 1841
Working on super fun luggage tag Save the Dates for a destination wedding in Puerto Rico!
#Everify legislation has been catching dust in for 7 months. HR 2885 would help millions of unemployed Americans
heat suck, GO SIXERS<U+E42A>
Hard to believe, but finals week at #EdgewoodCollege is here.
What like 10th parking ticket this year idc charge it to my bursar
Re-reading "One Writer's Beginnings," by Eudora Welty.
Something crazy is gonna happen tonight regarding Favre!!!
Airport food breakin' the bank
has new hair, and he looks damn good
Wow.... Micheal Kay probably thinks thats actually true
Do you like apples?
no fighting fellas.
Can't wait to see you in Oakland at the end of the week!
LOVE IT! has to be a good feeling to finally have your official season tix in your hand, right?
You know what you should do....? :D LOL.
Spelling errors in my tweets make me cringe.
Remember to #live a little and enjoy #family and
Nothing spells out "how to bond with family" better than a good drink!...or at least how to tolerate them...
Final film of the festival and Mira Sorvino looks beautiful in person!
Good job. Thanks for stepping in to do the presentation.
"#GuysNeedTo realize she's tired of fighting, She wants to be fought for, tired of caring, she wants to be cared for. & Wants to be yours."
will u help a fellow mahomie get noticed xx please DM austin to follow mee its my life long dream please pleasee help me out <U+2665><U+2665>
do they BBQ in CA?
obsessed with coffee
A dog bite is not my preferred way to start the morning. Oh well...
Yeah, sorry about that. But I'm not kidding. This was an utter disgrace.
Planet Hollywoodresort – Hollywood Action on the Strip from $75/NT
EVERYONE TWEET
And he's never looked back since. RT : Peter Criss left KISS on this day in 1980 to pursue a solo career.
Sunday Liquor Sales One Step From Reality In Connecticut
Movie Night <U+2665> No School Tomorrow.<U+263A>
Tear it up down there guys!!
RT : S/O to the girl who just fell outta the booth. That's what u get for coming up here & demanding shyt. #mandown <-LOL
Good Morning Stephen! Just letting you know that class Twitter accounts are now in Blackboard for our #WorkplaceTechnology class
great show congrats
I could drop a dime on Joe Starkey at anytime but I won't do it.
They're playing The Cab at Bdubbs.
Kev, you just killed me with that pic.
I thought would like to know Payne's BBQ was rated in the top 20 best BBQ joints by Southern Living. 3 were from Memphis.
#RihannaNavyHatesBeliebers that's nice. hating on other people's success gets you nowhere.
Woohoo! Plans are being made to open Burger-Fi locations all over Orlando, including LAKE MARY (where I live). Loved that place in South FL!
our population [the mentally disabled] also suffer from abuse and neglect. we work to prevent this.
he was proud that the canoli was only on the floor for 3 seconds
Nathan Sharansky + Michael Oren + Birthright and Masa testimonials = good plenary!
SMOKING IT
Good morning tweeps! What's the most interesting thing you've read so far this morning?
What was your favorite show you went to see us for this 2011? Who do you want to see us play with in 2012!?
Just finished Crank last night and got a msg from my library that Bossypants is waiting for me! Can't wait to start it later.
needa new word besides " swag "
Indeed, it is! MT : Thanks for a wonderful women's leadership society kickoff tonight. #STL is full of amazing women!
They say that good things take time But really great things happen In the blink of an eye ;) katy perry <3
Photos from sat are up, check them out...
Republic Wireless Officially Unveils $19/Month Service: Unlimited Everything, No Contracts bit.ly/ujPc1i via
Wednesday, the 18th (:
:\ Good thinking. Hope your headache fades away forthwith. Maybe think of bright copper kettles & whiskers on kittens :)
Instead, they were non-competitive anyway and destroyed their franchise in the process. Probably another 1/2 decade away still.
i was wondering cuz on the we are heroes website said the 10th
thanks for that bro tip..i sorta needed it..
I hate that the Kentucky Derby is on cinco de mayo.
Still awesome, just much, much faster. :)
Mark sold Facebook to the Government too they're both monitor and tracking systems.
UK Hacking Report Out Tuesday - Wall Street Journal
I am loving this California Weather, hope everyone in ATL holding it down.
Good choices :) RT of course and rachel roy
"Will Quicken WillMaker work on my Mac? No. Quicken WillMaker is a Windows-only software." < Not cool to die cool, I guess...
I might adopt this. Sample list of movie soundtracks?
Logged the related ColdFusion Defect for Error While Reading Header in built-in exception handling as 3132879
sorry to hear that... Send her my love
haha thanks its totally awesome :D p.s. i like yours too XP
fugger L.a is my town!
Happy Valentine's Day
Dont make me come after u Rampage!!! LMAO :-) U KNOW U SCARED :-)
We tend to judge others by their behaviour and ourselves by our intentions -Albert F. Schlieder
Thanks for the RT's!
A2 A good spaceship needs a lot of ducts. You can't have science fiction with out ducts, service passageways and corridors.
here you go:p
Zooey Deschanels voice is like butter. Or cream. Or buttery cream. It makes me want to fall asleep and be awake all at the same time.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at New Mexican Kennels today from 10 -3! 4401 Yale Blvd.
o & by the way that pic looks very very good. M
ksleidkqlw our mothers need to say yes
Fuck. We lost. Oh well. Game 6 here we go!
Chip Kelly just told the fans to shut up hahaha! Priceless
You shouldn’t cheat. If the feelings aren’t there, you shouldn’t be either.
Trick or treat?
uninstall now!!!! Terrible one.
Benches warned as Marcum hits Soriano. #Brewers not happy about Braun/Weeks getting hit twice each this weekend.
Bakersfield 99 Tulsa 85 with 7:07 left to play in the game... Butch leading the Jam with 19 points
Has it rained in chicago before?
they did and I respect it but she's still fake
do you have a #sdcc correspodent? Omaha native will be there promoting
what is what
Okay. That kind of scares me.
I never loved someone i didn't know until now <3
Rain, rain go away!
ok loves dem gritty ass drums! Refreshing :)
that's a little creepy...
You see this <0? That's how much I care of what you think of me.
_=P) I'am Very HappY
Love dustin Brown cant believe there were trade rumors bout this guy hes a phenom
Look for kids with positive leadership traits, not exclusionary leadership traits. upstanders > bystanders
Okay, fucks and fuckettes, stop tweeting and come screw with us live on-air and skype/chat with everyone. -- ZenLive.tv -
Never mind me, it is showing up now... thanks for sharing.
now he's back to "yes we can"
I hope maywether gets slept
patience grasshopper. Working on an plan:-)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x5
tell the kiddos that prim found a family She said she misses the girls but respects lunas decision to be the only cat
Dunwoody. Objectivity is good for capturing info, but does not add much to validity.
Can't wait to get my OF shirt <U+2665>
I can't lie, I had a brief love affair with the Rangers in October
Now they are. Boom.
RT : #WeWontWork if you're still cool wit your ex
#alamw12 bright and shiny faces at the careers-in-federal-libraries @ placement center. Come learn about #newfeds and fascinating jobs!
the streets let you breathe again, but evil men will soon be on the receiving end
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at
Sitting around a fire, drinking beers, and talking never gets old
Really want #KickboxFastfix! I teach. It'd benefit me & my class mmbrs! The world needs to know the awesomeness of KBOX!
Going to with my best friend Carmen for Cinco de Mayo! Woo Hoo!
Our collections team is presenting now on the status of our collections cataloging project.
thanks </3.....sorry I'm too fat for you
Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain
: Former Redskins QB John Beck agreed to a deal with the Houston Texans.
What's the odds that I would have a golf ball size knot on my back and a pounding cough at the same time. I am seriously fucking awesome.
Thanks for the RT!
How was the Music side of sxsw? Did you get home yet? Jerry needs an address to send Cameras too. Do u have his email?
oh, cool!
Next time just reverse the question to them.
I realize how great my friends are when they leave, and all I do is talk about how great they are to anyone who'll listen.
Fucking love you , stay strong <3
:) no problem. Great work!
Just looked thru ur pics & damm..Blow dust on da haters!!U only have 1 #LIFE and it looks like ur living it Winters Way :).
i'll always be here for ya Bro,
Thanks girl, I hope nothing kills me!
nice So ur digging the album then? :)
Something about driving the new-to-me to work this morning gave me a new found confidence.
up on today, on responses to Letters in The Mail
That is better than anything I ever expected. But we'll see if it's true this summer.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. ~ Peter Ustinov
You ain’t gotta, you ain’t gotta, leave..
making cupcakes...i know their getting boring!
What are "Tron" and "Wargames", Alex. Potent Potables for $600, please.
Life ain't about waitin 4 the storm to pass, is about learnin to dance in the rain
tks its very complicated and frustrating. But I can sum it up as a small child that behaves like a teen.
me too hahha
marry Christmas! <3333
No better feeling than sitting on your toilet, carefree on a Friday afternoon.
soo cute!! what where you for halloween?!?!
Do you LOVE to dance and perform in front of football fans?!?! Well than the NJ Sky DANCERS is JUST for YOU! Email NOW for more details!!!
If you guys need any help in getting more fans/followers tweet my other account I have over 9K followers
End Spring Break in style! INSANE prices on OKC Party Bus this weekend! Call 405.447.2446 now!!
ever miss an event/show/party and then see the pictures online to realize how glad you are you didn't go because it really looked horrible?
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson because he's utterly amazing.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3r
so say hello to falsetto in 3, 2 swag
Never underestimate your own intelligence and never overestimate the intelligence of others ..
working out of the PN Boston office this week, Dunkins never tasted so good
Damage control time Rangers
Popcorn and A movie . All Nighter Here I come .
just search your model there. If there are any big "gotchas" those folks will know about them.
Know it's old news but still cool that Hokies led only twice during the BC game--at the beginning & at the end, when it counted. Nice!
How can you pay someone through an email? It doesn't make sense to me unless there's something I'm missing. Thought PayPal was good enough.
CP3, Bynum & Kobe have knees of players 3x their age. Getting rid of Odom would have made Bynum annual injury a season killer
Havent been home in 4days just got home leaving tomorrow for another 4days
Birthday hangover, which I feel is only gunna get worse as the day goes on.
Hey your finished with your food. I'll finish that.
So sorry. My condolences. Sad news. :(
TRUTH you have an amazing voice and tweet about food quite a bit <3
Watching Memphis implode a second time is just a delight.
oh I'm all up in it for sure!
Congratulations! Things are really coming along! So exciting!
Bombarding my Indaba session with different versions of my song.
if you use Outlook, it's a way to keep messages outside of your inbox. Every new year I create one for the year before.
ima txt u
LOL... It's silly, but I think I just get stressed with numbers. *Especially* at tax time ;)
I'm excited too. I kinda just want to launch it right now. :)
Just landed in LA. Happy to be home, but wish Futures of Finance were my life.
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite Thanksgiving day leftover is ____________
#RememberHow I hated sleep, yeah, that hasn't changed... ever.
Some exciting new additions to the market this season including Cream City Forge - on the spot traditional blacksmithing!
I increasingly feel like Twitter is junky, and I don't want to add to the junk. I still have a work account which I'm active on.
Thanksgiving is so close we can taste the turkey! 2 days left to contact for our Holiday Shopping edition!
When selecting plants for a #landscapeimprovement project, look for a variety of plants with different sizes, colors and textures
u fallin off in obsessions this weekend my nig?
Had a great photo shoot! Hard at work at rehearsal now! Photo shoot day 2 on Thursday! More pics to come!
There comes a time when walking away is the best for everyone.
ah awesome ::) I want to make a actual fansite but I don't know how :p lol
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars are turning to rookie quarterback Blaine Gabbert.
Nice. I like their little faces.
Tell your friends & family to "like" us and help us grow our page!
In talking to a veteran reporter for the Inquirer on journalism: "You're young enough to get out while it's good!"
don't worry he will defend that by saying he different from potus because his dad paid not Academic scholarship thus better
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/17/12 is Sally, Dan and Ian!
OEL is one of the best prospects in the league and miele has a lot of potential, hobey baker winner. winnipeg fans are clueless
listen to 's #TurnToYou tribute song to his mom,it sounds exactly like this.
": I like immature comedies so much Im considering adding the phrase I like immature comedies 2 my bio." You're watching the debate?
lol, adult stories only suppose to be read at night, lol
I would do
Sorry but if anyone can 'Drop the world' it would be
you look fine the way you are!!
#On-site shredding! #TheDataShark can travel to your location for your hard drive & media shredding needs. Call today to schedule a feeding!
Smack time! Let the rain feel your smile... About to take my lil brother Ipod and go to mars...
The global mobile advertising market will grow to between $13 and $14 billion this year.
I'm digging the profile pic Leah!
can't fall back asleep. let's tweet about it.
Somebody really stole fucking $400 out of my safe. Surely this is a fucking joke.
Hahahahaha. Good point.
Walk off, Chipper!
What do your visitors get? Provide them the details with Google Places and you've got a customer!
I am going to work on that once I'm back at school. I don't think my advising team really gets what I mean. I need a sample first.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox2
Interesting. But when 60 mins devotes 12 mins of the segment to one POV & less than a minute to the other view, I wonder...
hello. Thanks for the follow.
Victory is mine! Victory is yours! Put God first in all you do. And stay on the winning side! 1st tweet.
I fixed it! Haha
I just viewed an image that will not be soon forgotten.
When 10 year olds act like they're the shit.
Think hiring a Healthcare Analyst is a snap? They are when you use us to phone source them!
Congrats, Shimo! :) RT : Closing on my house today, an expensive early bday gift to myself
I'm doing Dallas. And by doing, I mean eating steak in a bolo tie.
Are you at home for when the boys get home or do I need to bring them here?
where is you?
I can't wait to watch #Yankees game later on d-live, gonna lip-reading all game out of
Final 3 days of Sectional Sale! Sale ends April 1st!
alot of goodby's at Rice today, sad and happy
i miss monique.
“: graduslly learning that Snickers doesn't satisfy me.” sounds like the title of a blog post
call me wolf?! Wtfff!!! I felt something with the accountant guy
what happened?
"our company is 160 years old" that's just a little bit older than chamber!
Thank you for the RT ;) xo
thanks for coming in and supporting .
Surprised no one has named me yet!
I Was Hoopin All Day
RT Happy Mothers Day!!/thanks a bunch :)
YOURE ALSO ALLOWED
#ABA update: #IRS official states they do NOT share individual taxpayer information w re worker classification program
You're the 1! & don't worry. Ur invite is "standing." Alwys fun times w n on News4
I knew it RT Men who pop their polo-shirt collars are three times more likely to cheat on their taxes and get away with it.
Waiting as usual
Upon my return we shall commence
Child ate all my Almond Pistachio Ice Cream >:( Well I guess she'll wake up to no Girl Scout Cookies!!!!!! And I wonder why I'm a whale! ;(
I was just called a tall drink of water by a creepy old lady at work..thanks I guess..to bad I can't say the same thing about your old ass.
I really like Chris Webber calling this Memphis/Clippers game. He's doing a great job.
don't text me, cause I won't text back. I'm so serious about what I said.
From Vince (6:50pm): severe t-storm warning NW Racine & NE Walworth cos. Quarter size hail East Troy moving E.
it feels like it lacks a certain amount of depth, but as I drill through I don't think that's actually true...
come back soon!
when ever I update using blackberry it cuts half of my update...what's up with that?
#Durantula strikes again! Sit down Black Mamba.
Good Morning! I hope everyone has a wonderful and productive Wednesday! :)
My final speech was a success :) Now I'm just 1 class away from getting to see my baby after a month of not seeing him <3
First time I've had some serious thoughts about how I've been missing out with never going to Europe.
My children are following you as well... if you see them, it will probably be too late, though. :)
Thanks for the follow Pat! Sounds like the home show was a huge success. :-)
Did you get one too?
you missed getting an iPhone.
Way to Mississippi! Personhood my ass.
Apparently I'm dating Tom Luna. Hahaha
THat pussy heat wat I tell her wen.im in it!
aww thanks! I feel like I haven't talked to you in awhile! Since London!
Oh, how I long for a garden to call my own.
For too long, students have become tourists in our schools rather than citizens
On the Chinatown bus to New York to see "Anything Goes."
She use to call me asshole, now she drops that ass low.
yes sirr :p its on right now! On mtv.
#customerservice sucks, their iphone accessories deal doesn't work and they want me to call the manufacturer, what a waste of money
I'm following too many people.. I'm going to have to unfollow everyone that hasn't followed back so that I can follow new ones. ughh
icing my leg with a bag of cold fries cuz of last night!:)
Days like this I want to drive away...
Observing the Day of Silence
RT : In 2010, Sweethearts added a "Tweet Me" candy heart for Valentine's Day.
My committee approved my proposal today. Submitting to the IRB/ARB tomorrow. Nervous!
But also great is
Thank you! Please do.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
-- I haven't had the wild grape ones yet... :(
Go Listen & expand your tastes & your mind
Ok, I have 4 bakers hitting the kitchen hard for my team challenge fundraiser from Cedarburg to Milwaukee! Go team Wisconsin!!
don't let people fart on your pillow!
ya :) im new to this so im still getting use to it
Reeling after mixing a great show with Grammy Award-winning songwriter Loudon Wainwright I. Gotta get the whole catalog now!
Kalleberg details North Carolina's transformation from manufacturing to a service economy. Transformation = more rapid in NC than nationwide
I agree. It may technically be a discovery layer, but you're really just using a fancy catalog, imo.
I enjoyed The Voice tonight, how about you?
wats good ppl im cripin and u should be to.
I was just in an elevator with 4 sheriffs while blasting a track on my ipod called Sex N Drugs @ full volume & i felt super naughty!! Teehee
"Be careful with those drugs" Says the drug dealer. Don't worry, if i kill myself i won't mention you kind my suicide note.
One Day My Dream Of Attending One Of Concerts Will Come True& I'll Get To See Amazing Choreography!*Dreaming BIG*
Showing some luv for my new followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Sex is better than love
Supporting the local music scene.
I liked the profile pic; )
I would like to wish everyone happy holidays and the best of luck in 2010. Special thanks to our customers who made 2009 the best year ever!
Athens is def not my scene
Someone call fashion police cause idek what my history teacher has on...
And your running man dance, apparently RT : Getting my drink on!
when you think your life is all messed up and you keep trying to find the right guy, maybe its time to see that he's right in front of you.
make a blue phone please. The next incredible :)
Time to get this marketing executive job on the road! :)
We had a great time raising $$ for & ! Raised almost $500 in a one night - great job! RT
Well. My work here is done. ;)
At the Louisiana Art & Science Museum - us! We're located in downtown BR on Rivet Road :)
Today's #MusicMonday! What is the farthest you have ever traveled for a concert?
Oh and happy 20 to my brotherman,
Thanks for asking Chris. He is fantastic. Recovering very well and on his last check-up, cancer free. Thanks for asking.
i dont be on twitter too much cause im busy workin n gettin my money
i love you.
Damn good win by the Kings! Now 10-1 in the playoffs!
sure! I'll join. but im just gonna tweet something.. my parents wont allow me to post a pic.. :(
Great find! Love the lecture and visualization of the concept. Sharing with my cartoonist father.
I would survive forever !
Everyone follow , they follow back! Get them to 300 followers by today? :)
...so you are so disconnect, missing the bigger picture.
Thank you for following us! If there was ONE tweet I could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
lol! I loved that speech
Not yet.. We are going to see you in 6 days!
thanks my dear! Great to see you also!
he looks so big and fuzzy. I saw his picture last night!!
Haha(: uhm i have to keep both hands on the wheel(: lol andd no i drive again Friday.
oh cool. glad you liked it. i appreciate the feedback. best, pete
thanks cheeks
You got me fucked up...I see you everyday,smile so bright it could make my day& and now it turns out you mite be leaving :/
There's two possible outcomes if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery. If the result is contrary to
So I'm gonna try and save em before I spray the yard with bug and snail poison :(
I'm so sorry I didn't know you were waiting for the story in your car. The next version will air at 5:03 PM. Thanks again
Still down on Aug 15 draft deadline..July 15 makes way more sense to me..
Still no reply for me?/; well, i love youu..<3
: Who's coming to #WangoTango then? It's gonna be wicked!
wow. So what else has been up with you? Speaking of Piracy, have you seen Avengers? LMAO
Excellent! Thank you :-)
If ur going to be a big man, be able 2 finish; so, Vesely > Kanter now (in light of Seraphin)
Political does not matter - opt out
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!
Glad to hear it! Where's you're husband? We could use his support too ;) Thanks for following and thanks more for caring!
hello good morning is on dance central!? I'm playin that NOW!!!
::who doesn't love a pbj? we had in last week, we should swap folks across coasts more often!
March show at boro gallery. Mate Torres, check her work out at WWW.mayetorres.com March 4th 317 gold St, downtown Albuquerque.
yo what's your middle name and birthdate my mom need it for the tickets you can dm it
Thanks so much for following us!!
“: I Roll Up . I Fuck Shit Up . I Leave .” & Leave Smoking Tree Lol
I guess it's a good stress when you're buried in projects, so I'll take it. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
I Cried When you said we'd be together forever but you left me on our anniversary.
the fourth of july is nothing without FIREWORKS:)
2 hours of exams for 4 days :c
Whose even playing right now. SOMEONE ANSWER.
rt "It's not a water bug, it's a water feature."
I Doubt it. RT : am I the only one who didn't know that Tami was on the Real World
I will photograph that band anytime.
i dont know how to put mascarra on my bottom lashes.. -__-.
follow my instagram and i follow back yayaya
Yes, Goodnight
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business – Henry Ford.
interesting; tell me more.
and thanks for thew mention and support on the rural #broadband loan issue!
need a cure to this pain, im about to go insane
At 2:07pm CT, acknowledges death / suicide of / LB Junior Seau along bottom line, over an hour after first report.
Prayers headed your way! We missed you this morning! :)
Hunting for the correct weight and color selections of silk sewing threads.
Follow this girl.
word... dust that Spaceship putter off it's go time
One thing that didn't change: First official Earth Day green cleaner #Shaklee Basic-H is still powerful, green, safe & healthy!
"She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white" --KT Tunstall--Suddenly I see
Reading Gone Digital and it's making me crazy--half of my comments are "B.S.!!" and half are "Yes!!"
'twas a collective vision, of course. Also: ask Webster for the original email; this day was foretold…
I felt the presence of a predator in my vicinity. Thank the lawwwd!
When you don't have to work during the week time sort of stops mattering.
...I love to see God laying the foundation for a new thing....
I gotta ask: Does the "Vote4Sex" email really go to your wife? That's a bold move, if so.
tonight's the night! live at gramercy theater, 8pm. if you want the ill discounted ticket tell us now. if not, see you there people!
How about you vote the will of the people for a change and vote against SOPA/PIPA. You're a rep not a leader, remember?
Touch down in the middle of the city massive street jam up to new berry!
who hangs at work on their day off....
OUR NEW HIT "GO TIME" IS GONNA SPREAD LIKE WILD FLOWERS
a lack of agility that resulted from bloated management structures.
I think you guys should make bodysuits too! Ultimate inch loss! I'd wear that thing everywhere!
it was good, but now im at my house bored -_-
yea its good what interview are you watching?
He already has, several times.
Cool. Wynton Marsalis named cultural correspondent for CBS News.
Dinner outside now for first time this year. Thanks for picking up the tab!
So grateful for my friends and family. Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
my muffin is so beautiful ains
Just left Earth. Surrounded by busted-broads......
Spotted: Lots of Beta Iota Brothers in the library this week for FINALS! Keep studying, it will pay off!
#onthelastdayofschool im gonna ask Mrs. Parsons why she hasnt had her baby yet..
Step up in the place just me & my buddy everywhere I go they screaming out "KID CUDI"
I found out that I have reached the "limit" to the number of people whom I can follow (2001 users). Love to all!
I think I just got a 12.
...all I have to do is cut thumbs off gloves, sew a small hem & write-off my new sewing machine as a biz expense! Ur genius!
Of course! Gotta be aggressive to #getrecruited Good luck!
Simeon Got The W. Yesterday
If you're like me, very little.
#fb mobile hack boston just starting James Pearce MCing for the day
Follow your Bliss, Live in your Passion, Do what you love!
Bosch! Carroll
RT : bringing a bunch of bad bitches to - I wish I was cool like that. cc:
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
oi lad Pikey here..coming to the match on Sun? Carpool from the pub at 2
i swear by the moon and the stars and the sky...
Whatever, have a nice life.
Super bummed to miss all the fun at today. I'll play a few tunes to send good #thatcamp vibe.
Wait now I hear them laughing insanely loud... What do I have to do to get some sleep around here?!
Giving up sucks, but sometimes it's your only option..
my bad- totally different taco shop in north beach. Rob's fault but he bought it too.
RT : pleasure meeting #MTVMade Pageant Coach Kyle Haggerty at Miss VA United States Workshop! Loved the tips !
Hmm, maybe if you wear them in school colors..? ;)
Ooh! Always wanted to do that. You like it? Was it spendy?
stop tweetin n school girl
Starting a 5-10 NL. Come play. Call (702) 770-7654 to add your name to any list.
It's CHEESEBAR Wednesday! Stop by and see in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour from 5-8pm! Just $12 per person.
I can only imagine...as every job does...still though, very intriguing
Natasha, clever thought emotional warmth
right , right ?
Need to quit playin wit that thang!!!
491 - Discerning Undiscernment, the intentions of a lack of intentions in the digital age, wp.me/pIKxz-Dw
I am lol
#10FactsAboutMe I laugh when I tell the truth as opposed to when I lie
Yes indeed. Hope to see you again sometime soon.
Thanks for the pointer to #PerstLite! I knew about it but it had fallen off my radar. I'll give it a shot now.
During times like these, the best advice is in the music.
she str8 but she still a buss down
When making your new twitter profile, to get the best quality logo your image should upload a 128 pixel x 128 pixel image for your profile
Ugh im right there with you :/ but if its meant to be the it will happen.
Here we go again with Manny!
yeah, it's called the bright side of waking up at 4am. :-)
LOOKS GREAT!!
What does Larry Sanders between tip and the start of the game that requires him to go to the locker room?
statigram is so slow lately
I've been known to either Stomp The Yard and or Serve.
that picture is absolutely ADORABLE!
Audio Addiktion is hosting a show this Friday at Bunkhouse Saloon!! Be there or miss out on a night full of fabulous METAL!!
I need to start reading the bible again real soon... I used to be into it deeply then i just stopped reading smh
I really hope these boys can tackle. Nothing infuriated me more than seeing last year's team's inability to wrap up.
That boy's got the devil inside him.
To. Early. The lab better have my paperwork this morning. So tired of all these blood draws.
oh crap! Hope u recover quick, stay focused on nutrition so there is no backsliding!
Of Course!!!!! I most certainly positively will be in north carolina this summer<3
Not good RT : Reimold wont be ready when DL period is up on May 16.
on the bus lol what you up to ?
Oh yes. Fear the beard!
is wish I could mute him like in Mlb the show.
Thanks to Fells Point Corner Theatre's actors and directors for a great show last night. Good time had by all.
I would think that the preposterous notion that gay marriage will lead to polygamy would be a selling point for Mitt Romney.
Im feeling a little #COD tonight hm that sound good to me lol what is everyone else doing
Indians aren't having any problems with the Mariners...
I was wondering how these jackass business promoters were ending up on my following list. Those apps that need your password are guilty.
IF YOU THINK YOU CAN,YOU CAN
hotel on top, condos/apartments in the middle, retail/dining on bottom. No other hotel has unobstructed view of lake/MAM.
#imagine u walk on the beach in a bikini and you tripped and fell on top of austin. austin: not complaining *winks* -
Roxxie, we'd LOVE to have you shoot with us! (And of course we'd die to have you come back to the pad!) Email?
Conferencing with all the city leaders!
Going to class, dont miss me!
RT : RT : Being a lifelong learner means you don't have all the answers. And that's a good thing!
Anyone else suffering from Groundhog Day's fatigue? All the parades, the speeches, the groundhog burgers...
They fined coach Vogel for just telling the truth about the Heat?
LM Mayor Art Madrid's 3 people in the world: 'Those who make things happen, those who watch things happen & those who say 'What happened?'"
I've been talking you up all week! Every mommy or mommy to be! So important to have a network of friends!
#NP- Common- The Light
It's all coming together RT must be my lucky day I don't feel like playin games and its a No Games Friday....it is Friday right?
"the nonprofit sector should and can be the secular consciousness of this country" -Trish Tschume, YNPN Director
I feel like I've been hit by a bus. :<
I spend more time working on stuff than I do schoolwork. Crunch time..time to study!
Really taking an HONEST look at all the things I'm doing and WHY I'm doing it... Stress can be eliminated by getting my priorities straight!
Watching Soul Surfer<3 This Movie!:))
"truth stranger than fiction" ... yes, so true!
let me get one of those I survived tees, and I'll throw you a #halfcutco tee
Be sure to slack me in the back of the head and say hi! :)
Happy Birthday 1 of our favorite bachelor women ever. Have a gr8 day! Fans of the show plz wish Mary a happy birthday w us.
do your thing tonight!!
Anything going on today? Some game or something?
did you see her Weezy?!? Might have to give it another shot this Halloween!
- Saw your retweet. - I interviewed you for a Dillon Fence article in 360 fanzine about 20 yrs ago. Love yr music & playing!
excellent session at #digiday - perfect closing for the day. Thanx!
Yet another lineout by Stewart. Guy can't catch a break right now! - BB
conjugal visits!! lmao
#tnla12 ask people questions, then you can offer services that help with what they care about
#MyFavorite Michael Jackson Songs is...Bad!! I did not know it was a song, I found out yesterday! So now is my favorite.
last-minute
Its like we in a love game .
My appetite has been out of control lately!!
#TheloniusMonk was the High priest of Bebop, says TheloniusMonk Jr.
Girl: "Take off the condom." Boy: "Why?" Girl: "Yolo. (You only live once)" Boy: "If you get pregnant yoyo. ( Your on your own)"
Remember: Video is only have of the picture. A film is not complete without great audio!
use ta have a afro now its back ta fresh fade
Revolution room tonight. 8123 Broadway. 10p.m. See you there.
t.co/TQQ9ena has a for sale sign
7 days left of AP Chem
I so wanted a vet to win. Maybe Rachel will win it. As long as Porsche doesnt win, I guess I wont be too dissapointed.
His hands used to be calloused..Since he hasn't lifted in months (and he could never grab rim) his hands r soft
Why when its time for me to do somethin it never goes smoothly.
right back atcha!
The Team is working on quoting imprinted promotional products.
Happy Birthday !! <3
finding it almost impossible to get work done in this much pain, but trying my best. harnessing caffeine to my yoke.
#Thatawkwardmoment at parties when you read someone else's text and it's about some crazy sex
Beauty Is In The Heart ~Helen
Slinging Ink Tattoo Show@ the san Antonio event ctr. Drowning pool in the house. Say you saw us on Twitter stop by inside concessions.
I'm jealous. Enjoy!!!! Get some fried green tomatoes!
How do u spell perfect? A-U-S-T-I-N M-A-H-O-N-E
I feel for the 40% of NC folk that tried to vote that amendment down.
Okay. My new addiction? The song "On an evening in Roma" by Dean Martin<3
also I'm glad we agree about the faciness <3
The sprinklers are on on Thousand Oaks blvd. Really city of Agoura Hills? It's not like it was raining today or anything.
"Beyonce is pregnant. Guess What!! It's destiny's child"
Also, be mad at the invisible children people. They're the ones trying to get everyone to watch the video and learn about the issue.
Ill be back in oklahoma just in time for #Soak5 ayee
You're welcome Mike. Thanks for noticing. Happy Holidays.
RT “: You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson”
So many choices to make right now.. Fuck
already did <U+263A>
Haha wow that's like super true!
Big shoes to fill after fair Mayor Berni. Debating whether to choose the next via Sword In The Stone style or Fitting Glass Slipper style...
S/O 2 she kilt it yesterday!
Ok so CITADEL -- good movement, solid creeps & thick, meaty character yuck: emotional sewage vs. triumph.
Awesome! Thanks for watching!
Wish I was flying today... Those Cessnas are calling my name...
Why cant I find the game in the appstore?
"I just had an ADD moment"... This band IS an ADD moment.
Hey JP, you interested in talking about all this Bucks craziness on Sports Fanatics this weekend?
Awake, Missing, Grey's, Scandal, AI results show...I am glued to the tv and social media the whole night...lol
Say it ain't so Charles
follow me
Glad to hear it! RT: Finally tried out the bus racks at this am. Way easier than I thought.
Director Jarvis: parks need to play a larger role in society! We need to assert park's roles in our democracy
The courageous heart is the one that is unafraid to open to the world.--Jack Kornfield
Just saw Babygirl. I am so impressed w/the film I HAD TO give a shout: best I've seen you, you just get better & better....
What is your favorite travel memory?
I took a day off to sit here and do nothing. THAT'S RIGHT...NOTHING. Sue me. lol
Boston Loves Magic Coffee
Love is in the air. Happy Valentine's Day!
Ok I'm done thanks for hangin in there :)
I cannot sleep on my fucking back I feel like I'll wake up in a coffin or some crazy shitt
For Clinton, hypo is supported that when pres. is less & central average cabinet centrality is higher, job approval is higher.
wow so you broke up with Travis. WOW.
Lol!!! Love it!!!!! Thanks! we need people defending him! :)
Well, this didn't garner me any favor with either side.
I just realized. I'm not gonna change it.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. Mark Twain.
i am the little hawk
I would go there in a heartbeat!!
double hump day?
Didn't replace, some of the keys are still sticky.
People are to hard on Kim Kardashian and the whole family, no family is perfect, they are living the way they want to live there life.
Heading down to Texas for #HLFlake anniversary show. Stop by and see me if your there
Quote of the day: "Shark like, go ahead, keep screaming - I can find you." - Sinbad
"Hey, thanks for liking us. Now tell all your friends, vote for us here and here, Kickstart this, and..." --half of all bands on Facebook
#tie2011, a hot tub helps big time tonight, go new twitter people.
oh my god friday came by quick now it's time for #BTRSeason3 tomorrow night!
Lolz I used to stay n birmingham but im from LA wiff roc we stay n dah same area but he cum on vac. Sometimes
Giving away an autograph at 1700 followers
good morning to all!!`
long haul trucker. Great for accessories, long rides and dependability. I sound like a surly rep, but seriously.
Looking for PT/FT work. 10 years CSR Experience. Proficently Utilized SAP/Microsoft Office Systems Daily. Chicagoland area.
How the fuck is this not trending? Bring1DtoB96
lol successful people are willing to take risks that no one else will
say what u want about porkchop not being a good coach(your words not mine), but he fights and gets so much out of so little
Ladies & let me tell you, they are delicious & at 5 bucks I promise you can't beat that, especially how big they are ;)
- please email if you need help entering Dream Big at the Races
thanks. (btw: I was watching some videos the other day about a whiskey operation's malting floor, and I thought of you.)
"i hate zendaya she is ugly" hahaha i suggest you go get your face ready for my fist.
Sometimes you just gotta go and get it no matter how hard it may be:)
Hey now, I've left for work at 6:30 every morning this week!
artist:anytime i c that you've shared my music,i'll certainly return the favor!Thankz ev 1 www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 Lets Blues out!
taco night ? With yummy cupcake dessert? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Who wants some free food? Stay tuned, 10 minutes...
So any timelines on going live? curiosity is now killing me, or you could just tell us, the twitter followers. promise we wont tell!
Yes guys I was on Nintendo DS commercial :) *giggles*
OVERHEARD: "This guy has been in like every Afghan rebellion. The acronyms change and the groups change but the guys don't."
Thanks Matt! The site for is coming along nicely (although challenging trying to listen to many w input).
Theres no gr8ter feelin than seein Lexi smile big as she runs toward me full speed with her arms open to give me a hug.
i know Corey tells me al the time :)
After 2 innings, Century and Mayo tied at 3-all. Brown gave up an earned run in the 2nd. He has 4 Ks.
my little brother is crying cause his fifa game is scratched. omg someone shut this kid up.
on my way to work bae work from 4-12
I know, I need a haircut too! Lol
Win a free 2012 Orange Challenger
Thanks for the kind words Mello! Glad you like us.
Oh my glob:D
NYR with another power play..
that show is so amazing
I've had 3 nintendos, and only one snes which is running strong after 16 years, which lasts longer? ;)
Thanks for the congratulations - how are you these days?
when people see Justin Bieber and think of me ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That's what Steeler Nation is saying! I'm inclined to believe them! Mirror Ball baby!
At the #BrickHouse with and no sign of
Can't wait to see you, the march for first begins tonight!
the line already dropped.. where just re-opening a new site & collection .. aiming in december
but I'm not sure exactly why anyone would want to use such a temperamental medium for everything.
Booty Bassment tonight at the Whistle Stop. There ain't nothing wrong with a little bump 'n grind.
Don't blind off!
Jas I miss you:/ and your crazy self!
Be sure to write this down. 702 632 9095. Make ur reservations now!
I def gonna buy some of ur mezuzahs 4 my mom's house ....Really love ur designs !!!
If I ever win the lottery I promise to not live super extravagantly. But I will fly first class EVERYWHERE.
give them time.That 18-34 will be 28-44 & folks change as they age along w/ their needs/wants & it wont be hip then.
"when I was little I hated going to sleep ..Now I cherish every minute of it."
will do!!
So True: RT As an #Entrepreneur u make many mistakes, but it may just be the learning curve u need 2 make u a better Entrepreneur
old person
I swear I'm going to favorite every tweet tagged
I think my wife and son will be at #BBF11 today while I'm at #NEAFall2011 so our family has it all covered.
Cheers, David.
Get #youngsocialites tatted on you so we know its real;)
he can fix it cuter.
Sorry. Grants lose. Back in the closet for the 9 year old
that's okay! have a GREAT time!
Excellent. Let us know how well they go down.
favorite movie?
At #craftriot today in #Austin! Handmade items of all kinds! Support #Texas #smallbusiness!
cars are a pain. walking is no fun either unless with your dog and sometimes thats a pain as well. can't win, could be worse though. gd luck
its hot when you say dirty words!
Amare Stoudemire Hand Injury: Knicks Star Apologizes, May Miss Game 3 Against Heat - Huffington Post
Come to the Beta Iota Ice Cream Party, Brothers! Tonight by the hot tub in Sweethome @ 7:30!
Crap i ment to send that to my mom . Aha
I don't think I could ever stab someone. I mean, let's be honest, I can barely get the straw through my Capri Sun...
good night! and his name is
I just stapled a set of papers at the top... in the middle... not on a corner. Why? I have no idea... need more coffee.
tanks girl ;) hah!
Heading out to for the summer concert series tonight! It's a Beatles cover band... But going to tasting room first!
I now know what can unite our country regardless of race, religion, socioeconomic background or political affiliation. #MegaMillions!
It's a global preference only, though. I don't know of a way to control it on a per-app basis.
Good morning everyone n I want to give a s/o for all the love n support thank u guys
Phone? Check TuneIn App? Check Charger? Check Earphones? Check Blast off!!
Ha! I do sweat at the drop of a hat.
Country songs<U+2764> #attimeslikethis!
"There's no way I can pay you back but the plan is to show you that I understand, you are appreciated …"
Great hearing and meeting ! Hope to see you ladies again soon! And guess what? I do take karate! ;)
Life is too short to be anything but happy.
Love your blog! We're hacking special education, specifically in speech therapy!
Happy mothers day mommaa <U+E418>
Attending a mandatory two hour training on how to use a DHS background check website that I've been using for months. Thrilling.
and the lead in Twin Peaks. AND his assistant is the real mayor.
Got back from Brewster's B-day party it was uber fun
Some updates to the SOBER cast --
is that where you get yo shit from?
You're welcome. See you soon!
We ARE always developing new courses...hehe.
Maybe it<U+FFFD>s not always about trying to fix something broken ... Maybe it<U+FFFD>s about starting over and creating something better
Welcome to the Consultant's Club! Nice page, important niche … good luck :-)
HOW'S THE DAY EVERYONE?
yeah man. yo which instrumental did you want?
Can I wear a sleeveless shirt to school?
": Ugly personality can destroy a pretty face ."
Thank you! We hope to see you again very soon!
Many tasty items left at MN Bloggers Bake Sale at Midtown Global Market in Mpls tho I bought tons. $ raised fights child hunger. Hurry over!
GO BEARS!!!
48 days ago was one amazing morning waking up next to him.<3 now he is talking marriage.
happy valentines day to all
Ready for the mega powers to reunite
Jon et al, I will join your Talkbiznow webinar tomorrow, thanks for invite!
We can. Give me a call at 786-800-2510 and let me know if I can assist you in anything.
Likely to "Survivor Series" The player will be! He will fight against Kevin Nash, despite the proclaimed injury.
I just want to be friends again.
So happy we don't have school today
It's very good to be busy, but my brain hurts from doing like 8 things at once these last 3 weeks. Maybe that's why #Ihavenohair?
do tell
i was expecting the penises to be larger too...
Helicopter circling and sirens going off in South City StL. Anyone know what's up?
they were 25 each.. Black Keys came with the cd and a poster. Plus I already have HV mp3. But I'ma go back soon!
Of course!
#sljsummit10 Valenva: urgent need for school librarians to be involved in vendor decision-making and development. Bingo!
how ya doing dr.cheeks..wanna reply to my texts m ok
Strategy is everything. Execution is everything else. - Ram Charan
when I show a teen our YA section for the 1st time, I have an inner puppy saying look! look! we bought all of these great books for you!
Hey there! Congrats! So proud!
I turned this match on just in time.
Common theme @ #QCMerge. so true {RT Cincy is a place where you can make a difference & feel the impact - so true
John Harnage ... Passion of Dancing ... a student at Juillard. who grew up in South Florida #TedxYouth not only talks but demonstrates!
What's stopping you? I'm sure we could help you with that rocket salad!
By the way, we intended no racism with the zoo reference. Have been getting a lot of flak. Sorry to those we offended.
oh happy saturday .. as long as the sun is shining i'm okay!
See? They even made me spell wrong.
man i gotta get ur number so i can txt u the way shit happened was not right we was both tryna get in touch
Much appreciated, Jen.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Pussy bad, thats obvious. She thick, that body is.
#RightOn! RT : "We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give." ~Sir Winston Churchill
RT : I'm tired of swagging on the reggie.. if I could afford a loud habit I STILL wouldn't be able to afford it. lmao
I looked into it but all the cleaning fees/extra person fees add up! Almost making it cheaper for a hotel.
our pleasure!
Sometimes I wonder why I am even on twitter lol. So many damn opinions.
I'm seriously laughing so hard right now like I don't even know
Don't forget about Earth Week: get some FREE Seeds and a $5 game card voucher until 4/25.
Mitch = Niall. Niall = Mitch. Face the facts~
When I say I love you I mean it dearly. I do not say it becausr its what people want to hear.
As a friend told me about green borscht soup: she almost ordered it, but "the lure of the beet was too strong."
Happy Birthday Harry
Is Both/And a choice? RT : You can get with this, or you can get with that.
Getting ready for the Working Remotely session at #erl12. Any telecommuting librarians out there?
It's one thing to play stupid n b cute wit it n it's another to just b a dumb ass
you're a dukie. Does duke play true road games outside of Cameron non conference? Rarely. Why pick on uk and Indiana?
I love this shirt. I want to get one
yes mama u good as not usual
#WhoIsArcadeFire? Did anyone ever figure this out?
I wish Cyp was on twitter! Miss him
I am so ready for today's match. Never been so
Good point. RT : Hoosier fans: You mad bro? Lol champs always calls the shots!!! Make it to CATlanta.......
Look at me now....
dont let peer pressure you into having one.
you're a good friend!
Happy first 710 dabs up
DUDE. I sent you a few I made on Facebook. Do you want to post them or should I? lol
ACT tomorrow.... #yay. Jk bye moving to Idaho
I can't help it I'm addicted to the rubberbands.
#ff Would it kill you?
Would love to see a case study when it's implemented. See direct message.
Nice website. Good luck with the project.
Aww you are so amazing!!
Hey thanks man! back at ya! Have a good one! :)
YOU HEAR THAT, HEYAB!!!! Lmao. For that, imma take you out on Thursday during lunch. My treat <3
;-) we'll be there with bells on! (figurative bells... unless policy dictates otherwise)
You were the last person I'd ever expect this from .
RT : bad bitches...
Today will be good. I can just feel it.
That's a couple years off my life then. And a few more from now till next Monday surely.
NASH or VAN for Hawks? Why be for LA? I don't get it.
Those ribs I smoked up on Sunday were revitalized for lunch today as BBQ over noodles, so good!
Let's go
Put this with the anti-choice bias RT : I hate this autocorrect on my iPhone ... I type undocumented and it changes it to illegal
Its gonna be a warm one chicago!
So Hugh Hefner is getting married soon, and his present to his fiancé... A "here comes the bride" spread in playboy, awww? : /
All white...
You drink water ...But I drink Rum
Thank you for the follow.
just sprayin on some tan #wow much better
Thanks Graham!
Thatz straight talk!
It's #masters week so I guess that means it's time for me to dust off my #golf clubs.
May the Fourth be with you.
People lying to you <<<<<<
3 hours late for work, awesome.
I just saw that a produce shop in a 4th of July parade was throwing peanuts into the crowd in a small town not far from where I live.
aww u was waiting for me ya was still sleeping this morning I broke out n u
some shit people just take to far
Welcome New Clients: Lexi (the Mastiff) and two darling Labs - Finn and Daisy.
#happybirthdayjboogz I'm sitting here getting yelled at but I'm still trying!
you to
vital K is selling like hotcakes. make sure you get yours before its all gone. great coupon
Los Angeles, in spite of appearances, is deeply introverted. Takes most people a long time to learn to love it.
Into vegetarian? Is filet mignon your favorite? Or does seafood float your gondola? We have it all at The Milano Inn.
Ghetto story time with
I sincerely hope to see people like the koch brothers & those who support their policies go bankrupt within then next five years.
is Twitter better than Facebook?
I can imagine lolololol
Ralph's on Third and Vermont in Los AngelesTime: <U+200E>11:00AM Friday, September 9th - Come support grocery workers!! We need to send a message!
Thank u 4 sharing in celebration & honors! So great 2cu both! Looking forward to a brilliant & inspiring 2012!
Help us out and RT our HOOAH message?
wow!!! LOVE it! amazing! hot, sexy, classy, inspiring, trendi!
Great line up of #LosAngeles based bands tonight.
glad to hear that my lil cuzzo is growing up so fast! :D yes I am. Just want to finish so I can be finished and never come back
Remember, she is from the near North Country and has no formal training.
blue sky this Friday crazzyyyy
DAM DIVA! Don't have a Choice": UGH RT : If It Ain't Steel: Mike Wallace Wont Sign Tender, Will Sit Out.And Pout"
I'm doing the same thing, except the ski part! Aha
really? My sister didnt like it lol. She said it looked just like a long sleeve tucked into shorts :/
my sister said youd never notice me,then i showed her you RTed me, and she was shocked.Thank you for making yesterday perf:)
NOW PLAYING ON DOWN TIME, MUSIC BY TITUS RAMIZ "LOVE BLOW"
chillin with in the library.
Let's just simplify this: if Kampman actually practices or plays, that will be news.
Thanks, Ryan.
Are you from NZ or something?
no, i'm just sleepy.
So happy for Kevin Zeitler! Honestly one of my favorite players to work with, such a genuine guy.
old school…that shit was monumental for me
But it betta b not b hurtin by the weekend got things planned w/the family!!
Some Bout To Givee .
Last random fact of 2011: Albuquerque is the highest metropolitan city in America and it's elevation is 5,312 ft. above sea level
Proverbs 12:18 The words of the reckless pierce like swords, but the tongue of the wise brings healing.
Happy Easter! What a beautiful morning!
blehhhhhhhhhhhh, i feel horrible. ):
I would hate to be the Norfolk Tides manager with all these roster moves!
Today was a good day!
Such a nice day! Bout to get a margarita on the go ;)
My Bean Boots arrived yesterday. first pair, and look forward to breaking them in soon in Milwaukee WI.
CHEESE,CHEESE,CHEESE!!!!!#LoiterSquad CHEESE!!
The Heat bench is capable of scoring. Miller/Battier/Chalmers. Not gonna bring up the lack of intensity like you did for Lakers?
What no Necromonicon in stock? ;-)
Good morning sun or rain, I hope you feel radiant and shine! Be powerful...do BIG things today.
Every dog has it's day.
I heard that cats hate citrus. I don't think any animal would appreciate having oranges thrown at them.
hey new follower :)
followback! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
I've always liked , but her love for just put my admiration over the top.
Introducing Mr. I-didnt-know-you-did-that and Mr. Oh-thats-my-favorite shit.
John & Pat Figge Student Fellows will present their research tomorrow night at 5PM in the Woodstock Library
My mother told me I sound horrible, should I be getting better..
Ha. RT : After Years Of Tasting Like Deodorant, Cool Ranch Doritos Continues To Do So
What a great week at Tiangelo Promotions, an honor to create marketing solutions for our superb client!
Seasons 52 celebrates the new spring menu which launches today!
It was all you. It takes amazing people to love animals that much! Our hearts are happy... By the way, River liked him! =)
Come on trend MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!
Yr, like, my biggest fan.
Love you too
look a this guy suited up lol
CAN'T WAIT GIRL! You are my
Meetings for the day are done, now I can get started with my work for the day
YES!!! RT : I agree. always. it's ALWAYS bacon time. RT : I think it's bacon time...
#Fabio #Capello lobbies for #England Cup
Miss Wisconsin is about the only thing Kenosha has going for it
Believe me...I understand when u need to cut someone off from contact. But never have I been #forced to do so...until today.
had a turkey sandwich :D thanks again
Yeah I'm leaning more towards that thinking. I don't understand why they got rid of the vintage look...
Oh Uh I better go, because if I don't leave now I'm gonna say a lot of got nasty freaky things. How hot & nasty? O that hot & nasty Huh?
I didn't see that other message lol ill peep it now
yes i am!!
Nice to see you Doug! Hope you and the family are doing well!! - Howie
Thanks Wayne! Pd
no worries. Thanks for the info
Congratulations to PSU Softball for winning the PCSC Championship Series with a convincing win of 1-8 against Loyola Marymount University!
fuck I wish my car wasn't out of commission right now. craving phils bbq so bad.
OMGOMGOMG. so many cute boys
Thanks , we found our person but I will certainly keep you in mind for future work.
Hi Dee..calling you in a little while.
Wahoo for the Not-for-Profit! Bring it ON!
I'm an idiot. Haha
Teaching my kids how to golf today. For the oldest, a bit of a tune up, youngest was hysterical.
for 3mil, but yeah I think it will help you guys just hope he doesn't start dropping passes again! The rotating qb's won't help
JustinTimberlake says he "looked like a moron" during his #NSync days. ://t.co/axfkbYKp” you can say that again...
Going to LoFi to get my funk on with AudioSuite. See y'all in 13 minutes!
Congrats to for winning Cake Boss tickets for Saturday. I expect a delicious cake for the newsroom crafted by your nimble hands.
I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me
Rainy day; Bieber Blasting; Bed; Great day <3
Wow, that's awesome!
He does know about the live tweeting of this event correct??
Please welcome !
Thanks, Paul! Glad you liked the article.
Rock on! Thanks for listening! EROCK
Open on Sundays, 11 am to 4 pm. Free gift wrapping
Carlota Garcia Encina to : "I learned much; I now better understand Israel" Thanks! It was great having you here!
##BBN follow Julius mays big blue nation show him love make his followers go up
"keep the change ya filthy amimal"
what's gonna happen to your room full of posters?!
peanut butter jelly time..even though i hate peanut butter ..i only like reeses cup ! LMFAO im awkward.
I am appalled by the popular divides Obama is encouraging. He cannot build a campaign on his record, so he's building it by dividing folks.
RT : can't lose game 3 and 4 cmon We at home
you mean vistaprint.com? not free shipping, free EXCEPT for shipping...even better, eh? :)
Thanks! I don't even have a TV, I just want all the glory collected in one place for my viewing pleasure.
Not exhausting, irrelevant. Both careers are a series of cags. RT : The Romo-Eli debate is exhausting.
i dont really know what a "lana del rey" is and i think that is a very good thing.
Theres always that one person that makes you smile for no reason
There is actually a restaurant by where I live called that - it inspired someone to create a restaurant from that song.
Lots of smiles today! Great to know how much God loves us
Who the fuck invented corks? Took me legit 15 minutes to open that bottle!
We are too! RT : Experimenting with Facebook Landing pages using pagemodo. Any other suggestions?
sorry!!!! I cant follow you becuz it wont let me i have a limit
#10thingsaboutme; #6. My bestfriend that knows everything about me is (:
Steven Gerrard is trending as it's his birthday. Simply one of the best footballers ever to come out of the premiership. Legend.
how im hating?
Oh to be in Madison today! MT Neil deGrasse Tyson (ie my space boyfriend) is giving a talk at the Memorial Union today @ 3pm.
Whenever I'm sad, I just torture myself with sad music.
I'm heading to Bristol Thursday night, any ideas what the schedule is yet? Paul doing any autograph sessions?
Be honest, how many of you iPhone owners have asked Siri about your penis?
Go to get some breakfast
Sometimes your the one in the way of you. Step aside!
Catching the #Chelsea and Newcastle match on dvr. Exciting soccer/football.
You're a weird looking little douche.
Dear , guess what? Day 2 of my prepaid accoubt being frozen and inaccessible and Day 2 of no one calling. Tomorrow? CEO time.
Wow love the way I sound when am singing with my headsets..
#funfact Ronald Reagan announced Chicago Cubs games for WHO radio in Des Moines. Later he became a famous movie and television actor.
S/O TO ALL THE NEW FOLLOWERS....
Thinking maybe an early night might be a good idea.
Thanks! I really appreciate the very nice comment!
especially on a Monday, they should know better lol
If you don't know how to appreciate what you have, it will be gone before you know it.
June is going to be an amazing month. I can't wait for its arrival!
here's a MILLION ways to get it! Choose ONE
Lets do This!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I liked facebook more
Re-watching today's game of vs. (even being at home, I couldn't watch it at it's fullest earlier) Good thing for DVRs!
hey tell how excited you are to model for her!
1. I has no more money Dx 2. I left already .-. Sorry lol
Thanks to our new followers this week!
truth. Im going to the gym at 5 ish. Wanna join me?
on my #flyshit #getting it in
So now I get it: Ecclesiastes must have been a book critic. / "Of making many books there is no end"
ha! Lets blow stuff up tonight
While impressively long, that's way ugly indeed. I'll stick with hadoop fs -cat 'foo/*' | sed 's/\t/,/g' and save 45 lines.
awe! Love that you sew, my mom did. I hot glue!
Thank you, Stan.
I got that from Dusan Djukich's ( ) book, "Straight-Line Leadership." Great quote.
I'm at play in the fields of the lord of the flies.
I'm not clumsy. It's just that the floor hates me, tables and chairs attack me, and the wall just gets in the way.
Budget Hearing tomorrow in Eagle Rock, Huzar's District 6-8pm. Who can go to represent the arts?
Being poor is a frame of mind. ~ Mike Todd
what are they called?
Just saved $40 on cable/internet bill for parents. Go me.
Thanks! Very excited to work with you and the team!
Bridging "Between-ness Centrality" How much of a bridge are you between two communities?
ha yeah I didn't want one but I'm managing a hip-hop artist and this is how all of his affiliates communicate so gotta get wit '11
Thank you!
But Scared Of What They Might Tell Me Or Scared Of All Them Needles & Shit .
Pretty sure Fister could've pitched a complete game and finished easily under 100 pitches. Stop pussifying pitchers.
miss you siss!:)
Cracks-Freestylers ft Belle Humble(Flux Pavilion)
I really hate hospitals >. <
Yeah, there was a short period of time where there was an embed button on some videos. Haven't seen it as of late.
I just finished a 2.25 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
all i want for christmas, is you.
Classy, huh?. MT Statement by Walker welcoming Barrett to his "soon to be third statewide losing campaign."
good morning! I'm in a good mood today.
Operation "2nd Bedroom" has commenced. Four garbage bags on the curb so far. I have a lot of crap.
you can beat me at golf any day... Even though I suck... But still
Congrats! Will you be going to that Policy History conference?
Our mint might not be green, but it sure is good! Tonight we have Mint Cookies and Cream Ice Cream. So good! We are open till 10pm.
Writing up your findings reveals the holes in your #genealogy research. --Jeanne Larzalere Bloom at
What does that MEAN?!
#Orioles hoping the real Nolan Reimold stays here! Two bombs today. 5-4, Birds!
Gettin ready for the tri-athalon: passing accuracy, golf, and darts. Let the games begin for those rooms
WAIT, and
lol I don't think I wanna know haha
He's playing one of the Mandalay shows Friday at 5:30 if you're off :)
Headbutts to the nose make me tickle :)
Rappers ain't shit they need to bring the drought back and is the only ones puttin out watch the thrones not orginal lol
new to this lol n help ?
we playing softball this spring or what?
Our friend Wade just donated $25!!! He is a true Chum Buddy!!! That puts us at $3790!!!!
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Here you go.
no way... I've gotta say relish.. or al's big dipper.
We can't buy luck, but I can try stealing it from you.
I Love the IPhone :)
On my way to JEN! Can't wait to hang out with some jazzers!!
hey!hoe r u doing?
I think I was a bear in a past life. All I want to do is hibernate until exams are over.
Cops in Houston look like rentals.
Haha you're welcome! (:
to bad he sucks
I think GP or Sevier County's calling my name for next year
Ganna play pac-man
French toast is my number two pick because it is not soft at all
#ThingsThatINeed to follow or tweet me<33 Either one will do Austin(:
Follow back RT : now following
dude. total yay! like dodging a bullet :D
Waiting for bloodwork is boring. On a related note, I am starving. From the fasting.
Headed half-dead to meet w for a geek outing to the Long Beach Comic Expo. Blasting my ears w music to wake me the fuck up!
I just used the credits on to ask a question about then I got to use more credits to ask its CEO. Brilliant.
i could never @ someone (except family) because i never have the guts to do so especially someone "Famous"
So we have a single to release tomorrow. ARE YOU READY??
More $ on my check then figured #winning definitely goin DT for the #Indians game tonight! Cuttin it close tho
Where's the info for locals that just want to attend. Are there tickets or something?
No. Such a bummer.
hey look who it is! Been meaning to tell you about think you'd really dig em!!
the indoor heating makes a huge difference. I thought shanghai was freezing when I was there last week.
Come on now. You're only mayor because I went on vacation.
Learn something new everyday. So you are AF? My friend's brother is too, they are in AK now I think
I'm trying to watch American Idol but can't hear anything over the terrible styling. Seriously, someone help these kids get dressed.
I put decaffeinated coffee in the same category as non-alcoholic tequila.
WOOOOHOOOOO!!! :) How are you kids doing??
Things you thought you would never Google at work 'why does nelly wear a bandaid on his face'
You should learn to take a joke as easily as you take a dick, BITCH. -- Lil Wayne WEEZY F ()
In Elementary School Life Was Easy , Now We Have Pregnant Friends , Friends In Jail And Dead Friends.. F*ck Happened? ( Sh!t Got Real )
As #scifi goes the 4th wasn't bad. I like Christian Bale. It had that bleak apocoliptic Road Warrior feel. But not a #T1 or
I may be a pretty girl with a smile but there is a lot more to me.
so does scorpio!
okay mad for no reason ??
Today is officially the first day of spring. Or summer. Or -- wait. Who knows what season we're in?
The Pirates bats are pathetic. Why am I still watching this dreck when they don't even give a shit anymore.
We must reject the notion that privacy is an outdated value; Kerry quoting Obama at
I think you are right!
i wish some females will understand that
From Universal Studios Home Entertainment: Wanderlust
New Years Eve at Disneyland it is! Sure to be extreme in one way or another
"Lucky's an alcoholic"- she's a genius let me tell you.
- come by today for some happy hour love!
Best way to unwind... Trash TV.
Naty and I are hanging tomorrow! To the movies and for frozen yogurt!!!! We're gonna watch Dark Shadows. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
absolutely and have a great rest of the week!
My poem "Hot Pursuit" has been updated with music that i enjoyed adding to this piece. almost done with my Album "kingdom" people"
As the chill of night sets in, questions 'Happy Feet' as the movie pick: "Couldn't they have picked a warmer movie?"
:) 2 glorious weeks off
Thank you Michele! Thank you Amy! I'm very happy to have your support=) It's exciting & busy time here
I feel that a divorce initiated for the purposes of personal growth or development, getting a new lease on life, etc. is frivolous and WRONG
see there
I told my mom i was probably going to prom after parties. Her response "is it worth another trip to court" Are you serious dude?
Stupid Hacker
I enjoy skype meetings.. Save so much time and money.. I wish every meeting could be via skype and contracts electronically signed
yup I'm back from my 9 month extended stay at casa del Starbucks.
Thank u very much. If I have any problems or question I will contact immediately again I say thank u, have a good day.
you're just a hater. I tweet at athletes all the time, beg them for free stuff. Yet I am the coolest person on Twitter.
Thanks Except there's always something cheesy about professional head shot. Like I should have two thumbs up or something.
Never poor, your last name is "Cokes" lol
I've been reading #AStormofSwords and I have to stop now. Betrayal for betrayal?! Madness. Heart broken. When will good come?
Looking forward to seeing you at our #TedxYouth event ! Lots of hours of work from our young presenters!
I just went and followed that girl so tell justin!
RT : Be present, it is the only moment that matters. ~Unknown
If you happen to be at the SASCOC conference in Orlando, feel free to check out my presentation @ 10:30 @ the Peabody
Garmin, I have my $1,500 in hand ready to go. The wait on Vector is killing me!
for instance last night we had a busy day and we were both tired, it was so nice to just be together at home
Where for out thou is my brunette girlfriend
yep! me and my friends were trying to get tickets and it said it was sold out as soon as they went on sale.
ya if u tweet 2 many time a day u can't tweet 4 a few hours
I hope to get in some bikle path time over the weekend (sandwiched between #Giro and #ATOC).
": Nobody? Oh okay, kool..." Man dats fucced up, i don't know u but I got u:-) wat u want for Christmas?
Baby I'll show you sweetheart.
It's already 79 degrees here at 9:30 AM. Pleny of sunshine for the garden
u are not funny laceface!!
Just downloaded so much music to my iPod! Tomorrow will be a great day.
Been baking bread so much I'm chnaging my name to Billy Crocker. You may know my sis Betty
Hope you get well soon we all love you!! :) -beliebers
Not yet RT : y'all dead fam
I change feeling fast gosh!!!! lol
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys passes away today. Sadness.
yes, informational interviews can open doors. Esp if followed up with a nice note & keeping in touch on LinkedIn/Twitter
What you want to do, and what you can do, is limited only by what you can dream.
Why is everyone trying to give me a hard time today?! Wtf
Hey don't forget that if you refer someone else to catering we will give you $50 gift card. How about downtown? :)
I'm the type of person who will always be there when everyone else leaves.
I'm not sure I saw the incomplete, but we'll take the break
Take my pain and lock it in a box; there's warrior in my blood, and I was born to defend.
haha didn't really see any rage. You were leavin your hood.
And tanya needs to be quiet
If you or someone you care about is thinking of selling their home this year, here is some really good information for your review....
Toronto FC is only trying in competitions not named the MLS season.
Facebook is getting so annoying with sneakers stupid ass spam videos and more sneakers.
Been Rockin the F*** out of john barleycorn chicago 4 over an hour! right now and its only 11:30!!
A fave line comes from a #Gatorade commercial. Sources of inspiration are everywhere >> It's not where you're from; it's where you're going.
this is one of several blind spots in the criticism, which tended to be overly directed by poets themselves. I wrote abt this.
Losing you isn't the hardest part, it's knowing I once had you that breaks my heart.
Ms. NIa is glowing
S/o Real Nigga!!
Lol, I would man, but I really can't.
I am extremely proud to welcome our twins,Sonny James,and Daniela (Ella) James to our family.
You like fake. That's fine. Plenty to choose from. Go crazy
When getting up for 3 AM, the amount of sleep gotten is directly proportionate to my kittehz jumping at a barely visible bug on the wall.
The rent's too damn high. Well, at least the cost to ship packages is too damn high
Sushi is so Yummy :)
8 pm on Friday night at Cheeky in Suwanee. Very excited, have some new stuff for you guys! See you hometown folks there! Please RT!
Amazing Session with Francis :)
and old bay! :)
There needs to be more thunder storms in Wisconsin
ff# #ff professional recording, engineering and mixing in Cincinnati - his mixes sound beautiful.
call 202-684-7002 - we are having some issues that we are resolving ASAP. Sorry.
“: see you around Nash!! After this two day drive it'll be my new home! Woop woop! Lol” CONGRaTS!! Hollar when ur here..
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
So glad you are coming Cindy!
Good morning <U+2600>
I really just want to punch someone
: and was that you I was talking with behind the handle yesterday?
how is your day going???
It moves really fast...
saw #BostonShines downtown today! Thank you!!! #BostonNationalHistoricalPark Appreciates it!
Who saw the Knicks game last night? Epic-ness, 1st round playoff matchup?
Hi, when writing text messages in a novel should I Italicize or underline?
Do you need ductwork In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Haha yeah really awesome!!:)
is yr property @ Bedford Springs very accessible? Scouting venues for future events {Wounded Warrior Week}; 2 hrs from DC right?
Kings are dirty scumbags, and those fucking refs are rewarding them!
The more you recognize the immense good within you, the more you magnetize the immense good around you.” <U+2015> Alan Cohen
maybe will have to check flights... I only work one more trip this month and that is next week mon-thurs
Good Luck to All #TedxYouth day events happening today around the world! We will be Livestreaming tomorrow starting at 6:30 pm ET
I got mad game though. A wicked mix of Polson and Wiltjer. Ask about
Save the date! Annc 2012 Yale Publishing course July 22-27. Plus, find us today at the Yale Univ. Press Booth at the
On my way to my Lil did track meet. Let's go Concordia.
Are you going to be around this summer? Or are you staying in Denton?
Wish we had it in MD spring leagues RT Gotta admit I really like the shot clock in AAU basketball. No stalling here
For without Holiness no man can see God. Bible
You don't need a vacation when there's nothing to escape from - Everything is Sound, jason mraz- #nowplaying :)
Is Rush Limbaugh that important that every word he speaks is policy? Why don't we just ignore ?
Really ? A one-sourced brief on marijuana use, with that source being a vociferous anti-drug organization commenting on its own study?
nice to see you're crediting a source now.
Chippewa Valley #Wisconsin: Boys & Girls club after school, 4.30-5.30 Thursdays. Learn video creation!
sure thing! hope you're having a good one :) -lisa
If you weeped for the missing sunset,you would miss all the shining stars
Hearing news Brett Favre may attempt a comeback...seriously the #lockout needs to end now before things get out of control.
play some metal?
If you tell me how to I would be more than happy to
We're just getting moving (lots of fun in Chi last night). Headed to for some frittatas.
Gas prices are going down!! Or at least being steady.. and I'm getting money back, thanks to GlobalGasCard!
if I still lived in Noblesville we would so be going to get me a few woodchucks and Vegas bombs right now. #miss you!
Work is never going to be over today....I need some retail therapy!
Who has seen/played on our new G Trainer?
extra bored!
Gotta give it up to tonight. Gurrl was super super awesome to hang out with. Shot some cool video, compared abs, the normal.
CONGRATS doll! I hope u have all of the happiness I'm the world. I hope to catch #ShannenSays on demand
the best!!
Girl, I seen this hot mess on wheels in the turning lane going down division.
feel better soon Kat.
CV is still off the hook!
us too! Tried to introduce to friends in Chicago, but ding dong ditching is far more challenging in an urban environment, ha.
Any wager/payout/revenue data available in regards to Delaware's sports parlay betting?
it's too early for bed
Barbara Bates is trending, cool!
ARE OKAY JUST A LITTLE BIT STIFF, IM ACTUALLY SO GREATFUL IT COULD HAVE BEEN SO MUCH WORSE! IT WAS ON A 70MPH ROAD!xx
Waiting for tyrel to finish his homework then we gonna try out this jus dance 3.
learn something new every day!
Rocky T-shirt Catch This Classic Adult Charcoal Tee Shirt
Trying to incorporate #CMI into my #NCAA basketball picks. Do I REALLY have to take Connecticut, Missouri & Indiana?
The free OAuth API is confirmed to be back to full health. ^MG
omg lol I can't with you guys!
Yea, I'm fine. Just got busy with work and my life.
I wanna watch. Pik me up
. LOL, again. Your preamble reminded me of Jimmy from Seinfeld. Your point is right on! Like Dorothy saving Toto, be brave!
Oh gosh
yeah- that fucker is a story unto himself!
It will go on this afternoon. There is a tiny bit of Monk's Blood left
Is it possible to attach pictures on twitter? because I don't think everyone on facebook deserves to see my new look
Listening to This is what rock n roll looks like by porcelian black(:
will do<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Want to do something like over Christmas/summer break. Want to go abroad, practice French and volunteer for an affordable price.
Thanks for following, and yes, what if every electron in the universe was all the same exact particle? Would that be God?
Haha, of course I miss it! That's why I save up ALL my vacation yearly and take it all at once in the summer to go there!
damn! that's just taking it too far! lol..
If downtown Bmore is a police state, then North of North Ave is Deadwood. Occupy NoNo!
Thanks for retweeting the article! Claire had a great turnout for her first Art Opening.
Would you DM to me a phone and email address, and we can work it out from there? Thanks !
ok pass it on to Melissa and roni :D
FINALS WEEK PLEASE DONT LET ME LOSE FOCUS!!
“: Fleury is standing on his head right now”-->And jumping and standing on his feet, laying in his ass...whatever.
you're so beautiful (: I love you.
Night night. Time to grab just a couple of Z's. Not nearly enough, but oh well.
Y'all may vary across the south, I'm just speaking from my experiences in NOLA
Think Kreider wishes he was back at college? NOT!
YOU FEEL THE SAME WAY?! Omg yes. I've been using him to get to you ;)
love Tsukamoto, definitely one of my favorite contemporary Japanese filmmakers. Have you seen Gemini?
I wonder how long this Michael Jackson as a user pic thing is gonna last. I also wonder why they arent tinted green. Is that over now?
I miss when i was like 7 or 8 and i was jammin' to Jesse McCartney
ive had to face my biggest fear. living without you by my side<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Thank you! We are glad you like it!
and doing what we want to do!! [agree]
"Kristen are you gonna date boys in college" "no mom I'm gonna date girls"
RT : Last day of ST! Ready for the
The folks at are really on the ball today! Great service so far.
DeLucia points to the portraits of Mathers & Winthrops on walls at AAS, mentions how indigenous people might see this space.
we're watching tintin right now! My son loves em
My only requests for post-graduation are ice cream on the way home and a campout in the backyard
Dippin' Dots: the ice cream of the distopian future.
Just added to my position on AAPT. Pending Nationwide product release, I see this trading above .10 on news.
Purple Rhino Sold Out
I like dark boys :)
just got out from school yeppy I had a great day today laughed so hard today with my friend! Hheheheheh!
hahah you're probably doubling someone in the band. hopefully the saxes....
Dear Twitter, where can get the skinny on integrating Tumblr with a cms like #drupal or #wordpress ?
Google Rober Seth Hayes & support his release. His con't. imprisonment is a violation of the law, human rights, & God's law- aka love.
Shower time<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
he should be a good fit here
Today is gonna be a great day I feel it
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
"Window" for Baseball
71-58 Heat starting to pull away...Knicks have zero flow. Look out of control. No one to settle them down on offense.
its sad that there are only basketball magazines at therapy:( ~Devin.Anne<3
Channing Tatum is freaking me out on SNL
Poor Kurt and that trick or treat scene was funny
Thanks family farm. You made my year. Now we just need the weather. Planting next week. Oz county. Cabbage needs to get in.
So excited for the muppet movie on DVD. Although the bonus scene of Kermit walking in on Segal naked after the show is a bit much
Had a great experience with today! Phone fixed and got a fab new case!! Thanks guys!
Clay Bennett should be hit by a Starbucks truck. Yes, I'm a bitter sonics fan. Go GRIZZ!
Did I mention I was coaching at the MET this afternoon? : )
dont worry, im sure you'll do it and be good at i(:
hats off to the clippers, but i'm rooting for the griz in that series.
DS: you look like you have down syndrome...
Have you heard about the pizza party Friday I #Folsom to benefit the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society?
I'm not at home, but I'm so happy.
We're talking about having private conversations in public. Who's done it?
waiting for you!
Having lunch at Famous Dave's in Lake Delton then on to Black River Falls.
I hope y'all ain't on a buddy pass! But do yo'thang Homie!
At 5:30 on #7News, holiday tragedy in Lynnfield. The latest on the drowning of a 4 yr old during a 4th of July party.
RT Off for a run. I'm going to die after 3 weeks without exercise! Oh dear lord.
Love Me is my song -Tiaunna
you are both idiots.....
Usher's going to give her a record deal any minute now. I feel it.
The Color Run looks awesome! Have a blast!
Getting ready for the Derby. Placing bets and writing checks.
Chutzpah! I keep running into people with too much bloody chutzpah!
I. Don't. Wanna. Work. Tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
you already know! :) come drink with me saterday
Aw, man... so, you're saying that I have to start coming to work again? Is it safe?
“: How do you spell tanorexic anyway? Tannerexic? Tannorexic? Is this even a real word?” god you're stupid
Do Something and Pay It Forward. I Did! Children #StopKony - XavierLT. com
Man i feel dum i was just like seriously crackin up at this show !!!
Innovation needs a place to live in your organization.
My nose bleed.. been sneezing a lot.. wonder if someone has been thinking of me.. or yelling at me :-(
I'm thinking about getting another. Maybe an MPA, M Ed, or something in communication. Planning for life after libs.
aw I wish you could! :(
RT How is it that people hate Obama's health care so much but Romney went further w/ KENNEDY
Weds Sick At Home movie list: Hellboy & The Golden Army-Gran Torino-The Eye
ha, true that. Now i'm on to listening to Taking Back Sunday = sweet.
Brian Dennehy at gala: "When it comes to theater in Chicago, the audience is always the star."
If you see smoke frm the back of the PC, turn it off.
the fact tht city beat united,is lyk celebrating whn
Sometimes in life your best just isn't good enough. I've been cognizant of this for years but it often provides little comfort.
RT : We're just two shy from reaching 800 followers. Please RT & spread the word how we're matching #boomers to #service work.
i guess you can just leave me hanging then.
We can bring it there--just three actors and an airline.
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
hell no people RT her ass on my TL when they cuss her lame ass out that's how I know what she says
Way to go Fans! Over 2 million tickets sold for the season! Let's surpass last season's 3.1 million!
at least we aren't trailing
I'm so glad God placed you in my life. Couldn't have gotten a sweeter daughter. Love you!!
Nice and warm in the #UMBC library this morning! Come visit!
Love U Jacob Follow Me Please :) Thanks:) 1-4-3
"I wanna fuck you so bad right now." "what...?" "Damn autocorrect, I meant hey." lol
I might have a number of connections who can help--more details about the position appreciated.
But u didnt have to cut me off....!
Long story short: the current site is just a foundation; the goal is to serve #Portland artists w/lots more tools to empower & encourage.
HAIR!!! i got ownership of my name Diva Illusionz working on my business license to make everything official
Haha, #Poe is no
lou feringno green
watching the lorax with jeff and sam :) hell yes. :-D
I love yu
Shoutout To My New Followers !
tomorrow is friday, but time to find my next job adventure too... what will make me happy ???
Feeling unusually good about the New Yorker this week. Parker, Frazier, and Lane are all really excellent.
Yes, Here's to Hitty! And also Miss Hickory, William's Doll, The Doll People as well as The Friendship Doll
is that u
My 3 year old son says "fuckinassholeshit" like it's one word. The tard!
I wonder what they see in it that I don't. Or maybe I'm just still insecure in my writing ability.
Off to my interview with SeaWorld zoological dept!! Say a prayer for me :)
#alexisatruegentleman AND HE SHOWS IT WITH EVERYTHING THAT HE DOES
a big Rush fan, bigger Huey Lewis fan-but not even close for that episode of #Lost-RUSH!!!
Thanks for the insight into book trailers. I'm considering.
I'M SURPRISED
Words are powerful.. Yet so is silence
You ARE what you eat.
Didn't you just take a nap? lol Laundry. get some clean undies.
#Income #investing is not simply about #investing in companies with the highest dividends... More about dividend yield...
Fantastic day to listen to some Humble Pie on the way to work, "30 Days In The Hole" what could be better than Steve Marriot in the morning.
while you're talking behind my back feel free to bend down and kiss my ass
For #FreeU? That's awesome!
Saying I'm over ap english is an understatement, I know I will fail, so why am I bothering
okay seriously need to study. Must. get. off. internet.....after watching this video.
I love humbolt park n all it's flaws :)
For real?! What kind of asian are you?! For shame! Lol RT : Sat here being the only Asian who doesn't know how to use chopsticks.
I'm with u 100%! Not excited 4 this SB at all...should be watching Pack go 4 repeat! Brutal..
I stuck up for you the other when someone said you ate shit sandwhiches I told them you don't eat the bread.
2nd level of social biz hierarchy of needs is safety e.g. having a dedicated team
Probably my favorite sports book ever
start by giving me your address so I can get an autograph haha.. Can't wait for the next episode of Vampire Diaries
u just going ham!!! Dnt let nobody get u out of character hunni
Can't wait to get off going bowling
Gotta stay focused
Can't leave the country right now....I wish!
Justice for the death of #Trayvon Martin and for all the victims of racial crimes in the north and in the south of the Americas.
When I'm on 1 of these shows I promise to make-out with any & all hot celebs in the studio. #keywordHOT Also I'll be funny.
blueberry pop tarts just ain't my bag, baby.
Hoping for the best! What doesn't kill you makes you stronger... Isn't that what they say... Let's hope it's true!
uh no
If you ever seen Warlords feat. Jet Li, you feel me when I say that movie is raw af........nice
yesterday was a terrible, horrible, no good very bad day...hoping 2day is better. =\ work 8-5.
yolo n doe
RT : Citizen Schools teams on Hill now asking Congress to invest in #education and natl service.
Celebrating St. Patricio Day. Que viva Los Irish that helped the Mexican army.
send it
Now I feel like watching that.....
So how come nigga of all ages think it's OK to holla no NIGGA
Hi there!
That #Hyundai commercial reminded me of my grandpa driving!
Cleaning my room while listening to old broadcasts of Art Bell's Ghost to Ghost. Pretty sure this is what philosophers mean by The Good Life
I live right by Santana HS houses behind Albertson's.
I tend to have that effect lmao!
#Heats record against top 10 teams in the NBA: 6-11. Good stuff considering how much touts them. Including L against NY w/ Melo.
#thingsthatusedtobecool "Walking the Dog" with an X Brain
Statistically improbable phrases: "Jennings caught by Korver"
Hi - Thanks for the follow!
thanks for the follow.
thoughts on Lin tonight? We won't hear a word about him in a month.
Hii remember me ?
It's Saturday night, live it up!
ha okay I will. Don't forget to follow me
Happy #StarWarsDay and May the Fourth be with you!
There is no greater joy than knowing you are unconditionally loved!
All night marathon of 2 Broke Girls thanks to but she fell asleep on me!! -_-
Switching from Verizon to Sprint so my phone will be down for a couple hours. If you need me, send me an email.
Yes. RT : I will pay for online once the paywall hits. Will you?
"your 3 is grass"
in 15 years I've not once checked condition of vinyl b4 purchasing. every album has been perfect. that be says a lot.
Out at the Hamnett bout to fall asleep...
BUY 1, GET 1 FREE! GREAT PROMO FOR DIEGO AMADOR, ONLY FOR TODAY!
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital. -Joe Paterno
Aight check it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> The only woman I ever plan on playing #2 against is ya momma. Otherwise.. Foh wit dat bullsh**
Just finished advanced kickboxing session
In your joy, you misunderestimate my boy. He most definitely will retire with purple bling on his fingers. I promise.
You dead serious..we going to get into it;)))
I'M COMING FOR YOU JUDY!!! hahaha :)
Actually, I go back to it every 5 years or so. Very fond of "Michael Kolhaas", probably one of the greatest stories ever.
ok think its a game
what is sotu everyone is talking about it.. I'm lost lol
Not an Arsenal fan. Hate them. But totally worshipping the ground walks on. Winner at Anfield was CLASS! FIFA POTY
Congratulations to Matt and Simara!!!
So I almost just hugged a random little girl. She looked just like my halfsister. Awkward.
lmfao remeber that time when we thought the cops were down there & We shut the
that mouth dubstep was the Shit!!
We've come to the conclusion that well put together persons are either gay or European.
I'm writing an article on shy vs introvert. If you are either, I would love to interview you. Don't be shy! (Really, don't be.)
Its a full house for our bout today! Halftime score: Bombers- 56 Bleeding Heartland B team- 44
Could you rock any harder? NO! -->
I'll be talking w folks today re: creating jobs & fixing the housing crisis. Are these 'real American values?'
WBC Champ Joe Schilling Signs Multi-Fight Muay Thai Contract With Lion Fight Promotions
training Monica and reviewing open opportunities for imprinted promotional products.
Thank you for the follow as well. I look forward to your tweets!
Why not resolve to speak a new language in 2011? It's fun, easier than u think, and u can make more friends and $$! www.CalaAcademy.com
We're compiling a book for the anniversary. What were you doing Sept 11? us. All proceeds will go to charity
That was so good!
& in the house judging our final #entrepreneurship presentations [ ]
be happy with the win but the Tigers will take em down in the next 2.
The awkward moment when you fake sick and the next day your actually sick and your parents make you go
Love it!
The State of Excellence; the the distance between mediocre and the your Drive for success...How focus on the road ahead are you?
Happy Holidays, tweeps! TGP will be closed Christmas Eve & Christmas Day!
I may or may not have just read Queen Elizabeth I's "Tilbury Speech" to our family dog, Nike.
Trying to recover from a busy weekend. I went to a baby shower, a wedding, two birthday parties and had to celebrate mother's day X 3.
On the patio tomorrow doing Bloodies, Mimosas, $3 cans of Guinness, Brew Farm, and PBR!! Irish breakfast coming out of the kitchen!
Preparing a care package for the hubby
and kudzu wasn't even native to the south. Been nothing but a disaster since it was introduced.
You know your bored when you tweet the person that's right next to you.
So...I did it. I worked for just another half hour or so on a pendant, and it felt so good. I feel energized by creating.
My second day in Cleveland and I haven't seen Drew Carey once....
The Oranges and Peaches.
. is about to start murdering fools
Have you ever slept the clock around? I very nearly did within 30 minutes of.
“My hair is offended, I am not. Thanks for watching anyhow. : It looks ridiculous, that is why.”
JoMo's entrance is still the best ! Love the slomo !
OMFG SHE'S KILLING ME
Will be returning to Brooklyn, NY to speak with high school students in June about selling books. Career Day at MS 57 was a success!
Come out May 5th to The Roper Theatre on Tcc Norfolk campus. Performing Live wit the homie Rob B. ..Be there
Every emotion i feel just gives me another song to write.
Want Sarah or Shelby, can't wait to have one of them
Is Vickers in the 78 this week?
I am teeling you i live with a bunch of idiots
Everytime I tweet I offend somebody smh y'all make a nigga wana delete this shit
When you start to get close to someone just before it's time to say goodbye and go on your separate ways<<<<
You should get back on TC. lol like foreal. play your guitar :)
I still #BelieveMemphis! Good luck tonight in Game 2 of the NBA Playoffs against the L.A. Clippers.
I believe they do! Especially positive ones :)
Uggh. Bought glitter wrapping paper for baby shower gift, now there's glitter EVERYWHERE.
Just saw Newt on Meet The Press. He was actually pretty good.
696969696969- then I convos would be easier and funnier :) I'm so glad your in my life no matter how much we fight I'll always love you ;)
the other third of the DTLT students aides running this better give good tweets!
we'll c ;-)... I saw a Honda Rebel...considering it... But will decide after motor course this weekend...
I don't just blatantly say this to someone I don't know but U R one of the best actresses of our generation! 1 gal's kudos :)
So I have to be typing to make it seem like I'm doing homework ? Mother, you obviously don't know much of research papers.
5 minutes to close comes with a hug.
I'm way late to the party, but Attack the Block is the movie of the year. Allow it.
Tied? I guess I'll take a menu then.
Stop complaining about what you dont have and start shouting about what you DO have. Dr. Booth
oh for sure! Did you find us on Facebook?
How come nobody told me how hilarious and awesome Bob's Burgers is?!!
Yeah, Jay Williams for saying on National T.V, that college coaches watch a lot of things, including mannerisms on the court and the bench
Tell me somethin' good..
Convinced boyfran to watch the vow with me <3
Going to this basketball game with
In the movie Cars, how come Lightning doesn't just win the race and then go back to help The King finish? He coulda been the hero twice!
Frosty the snow man was a snow man snow man snow . . .
I want to be financially stable to a point where stuff just runs on its own & I don't have to physically b there to make $$
That ump gets a little too excited with strikes doesn't he? All crazy and ish.
hello, just thought I would check in and see how you were doing:-)
Great! Be sure to rt that, please!
Especially since he may also get dissed by the Cowboys soon :(
Happy Mothers Day Bestie!
Here Here! : Good luck to , participating in 1st swim meet! You inspire me as I sit on my a$$
so worth it. Go bruins!
my boobie fell out on the bull there once! Good times.
come see the Kent State University Orchestra's collaboration with KSU Opera this weekend in a performance of Handel's Semele!
This us mag special issue is $10?!?
Hey mama! If u need hook-up @ UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list: 703-407-3810
#GoodFriday service. God bless u and urs
yep! They were on clearance too for $2 a pack! I restrung my guitar and broke a G the same night at our show
LOL, it hits me every now and then...
how could I convert from my beloved transcendental melodic agnosticism? Monroe, 1:4-5
wonders honestly if Jim Nabors kicked the bucket!test ifttt
Nope, still here in LA. Pre-dawn writing session... sometimes the magic happens before the sun!
well then...
At the half Stetson leads 2-1. Quentin Albrecht scored the lone goal for FIU. Johnathan Mendoza has both goals for the Hatters.
RT : Look for an upcoming Hear Me display at with stories! Check out the FUSE stories here:...
anyone in library school at FSU in 1992? yes? ok. did you see where I put my wallet? -- (why did I think that was funny?)
e(: I refuse to shut up I am too excited. eheheeeeeee (whheeeeze lol)
Being forced to listen to the radio.
-- Pop singer Michael Jackson has suffered cardiac arrest.
He should stay with her he needs prove that not all deaf/hearing relationships are doomed.
Fewer new CDs in stock but we can get you anything your heart desires by special order! And our used CD selection is KICK-ASS!
Don't think twice about the end, u played a great game tonight. Unselfish play, good D, & sick passing.
can't wait to see you perform next time
Cool Dude Neil - he was the best! Never let's forget him, eh?
omg your following me...
Storm has apparently passed--for now. Expect more a bit later. Hoping Death Cab for Cutie show won't be ruined by a tornado!
Hoping to play at the We R Indie
Getting ready for debate 1/2 hour from now tune to WJCT staff will be live tweeting for me
why would you ask me that on the only day I'm not available for dinner :(
Yo that bitch got melons
My mixtape is gonna be dope with the help of
In other news im off to SEATAC with Karla for #mlanet12 and the WebDev meeting tomorrow :) yay!
So thankful work was easy today
#PlacesNotToMeet Sting operation
Patron Shots with my uncle aunt and 18 year old cousin equals a great start to my evening and a good Easter
RT How many pairs of shoes you own. . be honest!
Just two more weeks XD
Goodnight and yea it's because of the same thing :P lol
Fanbase would certainly approve. RT : Todd McShay's latest mock draft has Russell Wilson going to the Packers in the 4th round.
"you got a good looking hott mama"
Heck yes there is! RT : There is a bboy battle at this craft show. Holy what!?
Always have a blue tooth in their ear
fuck u bitch I love my chicken legs <3
BIG THANKS to B93.3FM for helping us spread the word about our mission to support the troops! Kids bring your trick or treat candy here!
Water sounds fucking great today.
this girls annoyinf
nothing pisses me off more than someone who protests the "tone" of conservatives while issuing physical threats...
I'm going to train for marathon as well
Amazing show with Mike Schmidt at Big Dog!
just like hurricane parties in the south!
look at that model!
Also my mom and I get the same drink from so that's cute I guess
Now that Rod Smith is in the #Broncos Ring of Fame, it's time to put Simon Fletcher in next year.
Okay then, if I'm going to weigh in, how many kids have you really seen breast-feeding w/ their hands hanging down?!?
get it!!! i love how ur last few tweets say suck it, oh yes, now get it.. hhahahhahahh mine is blow it
Also God Bless you & yours!
LIKE & Listen Win Free Jimmy Buffett tickets at 640a with Kidd O'Shea and Elizabeth Kay
Happy Friday
The LA Times report that the #Clippers and F Kenyon Martin have agreed to a $2.5 million mini mid-level deal.
watching easy A lol I love this movie its a trip.
#CMLS Sad for sure!!! Wish I could be there!
That sex last night
RT DRUNK HULK STEP ON DOVE BY ACCIDENT! PRINCE IS FULL OF CRAP! THAT NO HOW IT SOUND LIKE WHEN THEY CRY AT ALL!
#Amen RT : i refuse to pay for followers, likes or views
very interesting -> "Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?" 1% of population are psychopaths, and it is likely hereditary...
Not surprised Facebook buys #Instagram for $1 Billion cash plus FB equity. Question is, what company will be their next purchase target?
In Vegas for fun but did wave at UNLV as the cab went by. I love my job but some downtime after the fall app season is appreciated!
Hmm. Secrecy. What a thing of things.
Happy Halloween Hoofers!
random laughing!?!?
happy wednesday hump day! looking forward to the weekend:)
Obama got thrashed in 2010 because we didn't get those things. Republicans... whatcha got?
#Denver On Sale This Week: Big Time Rush - Ring of Fire 42: Who's Next? - Peter Frampton - Kelly Clarkson - Gabriel Iglesias
Time to go to work and dig a little deeper thanks for the inspiration
Speak your truth. Live your truth. Stand for truth and fear no evil.
getting a new one soon!!!!! I'm thinking 50mm f1/4?
Informal learning ecologies as seen in informal peer networks result in higher engagement and retention for students
hahaha oh, I am not proud of this fact. You're right though, that age is hilariously adorable.
When introducing Campbell's theory, use accessible text. I use Chris Crutcher's "Angus Bethune" story and the film in tandem.
WALK OFF RAYS WIN!
AOKI! Breaks up the perfect game with an inside the park home run! This is why I love baseball. <U+E016>
megan! if this about my house.. it's fine.. you probably don't want to stay with me because that thing i told you..
Wheres she bad I mean super bad follow her she will follow back.
Santa's comin tonight
We remember! We were there, and we are not going back ... to GW Bush3 aka Mitt Romney
No great thing is created suddenly. ~Epictetus
The Hi5 application doesn&#39;t work after I upgraded my Nokia E5-00 to ...
well we goin!
AND WHEN I DO. I'll rape Ian. lolwut.
I ABSOLUTELY HATE when people in a work setting refer to a project as "their baby" or "your baby".
good luck! IT'S FRIDAY THE 13th!
that's I ok. I live under the rock next door to the cave.
we will do our best, and you'll be the first to know
happy bday Von! Make it AMAZING like you =)
RIP Ivan Slain, owner of Ivanhoe's in Upland. You'll be truly missed and never forgotten.
Getting whisked away to the land of Tori right now. Tori Amos that is.
I hope not!
#Expoline crowds not that big, mainly because the train ends at 7. Can't wait to make a night ride tomorrow!
When you say something you dont mean when youre mad <<<
do you hear any privacy concerns from educators about using google apps?
thinking about doing a twitcam here in the studio with all these insanely awesome people! whatchaa think?
thanks (: I love how your name is spelled haha. I know people with your name, but it's spelled differently. (:
watching #thehills on netflix all day sounds like a pretty good plan.
Welcome! MT : Getting excited about #kipcamp Kiplinger Program Agenda looks awesome, hope to become a better tweeter
Its so much easier to be happy then to walk around all angry and mad at the world.
I Be Coolin With My Youngins
My bracket has more red than a Colorado hotel room with Kobe Bryant.
Finally got got home 2 nite very tired because of leaving without me yesterday maybe next Sunday?
Good morning! 9/11 never forget.
Yeah he likes me c:
#std could also be a good thing.. meaning suck the d (;
I miss my church family :'(
The domino effect....
a nice grandson would let him win
Arizona has thee best sunrises and sunsets by far:)
very excited to have you on board!
Damn KG
Very cool!!! Hoping to somehow get to the conference this year to represent the #ChristianComedyChicks ! :)
FAREEEEZING even in the SAHARA DESERT!!! Never just want the "TIP" eva! LOL! #KEEPEMCUMMINI'MALWAYSTREADY2CHILL
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for The Sea and Cake + Lia Ices - show starts at 8pm!
If no one hears from me or in atleast 10 min, call 911 to proctor. At some field. Thanks.
www.petersparty.com is LIVE! Check it out and tune into tonight at 5:45PT to hear talk tournament details!
Yeah...he shot free throws.
I think you should work out some sort of commission for votes... Lol.
heeheee. happy to help.
lol haha I put whatever I want
Irony: I fast forward through the ads while watching THE PITCH.
Become a fan www.facebook.com/Thegympro. 500 fans by Monday! Thanks for the help.
that so true!
If viewing photos of this on a regular basis is considered a "problem," you're doing pretty well!
I would get a mosquito bite on my nipple -____-
LOVED you on the wrap up show today!!!! Keep goofing on Scott: I can't get enough of it!
Happy Monday everybody! National Championship game is tonight! We open at 4, so come early to make sure you have a table for the game!
RT : this was our 1st First Friday & it rocked! Totally family friendly! Safe, ontime & courteous shuttles!
And here's the email from Lars' producer after the piece: "That was fun. Great radio.". Just so you know what it is all about.
hahaha that's totally fine!
Hi Robert, we do ask that customers carrying vouchers call ahead of time. Thanks for choosing to taxi with us!
Thanks Tony!
Knowledge is hip and cool, AND FREE:
In Jesus Christ's name, i pray 4 this daily bread, this daily drive, n this horible rain tht u may bless it 2 kill all the creepers, Amen.
If I notice your #webdesign related #tweets first, I will add you anyway. ;)
I'm not sure how a mint julep would taste after A margarita.
how about the NFL's 'biggest bust?'
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON
Thank you for holding a hearing on #NoBudgetNoPay A man of courage! Hang in there!
Nicnos brought us such good luck last night they're coming back tonight! Wahoo!
Great day so far! awesome yoga...headed to costco shortly then a big dinner with a bunch of friends should be a great night! happiness is!!
Made even worse when he licks his finger to turn the page
#Powder day tomorrow but I have to be on call? I'm no doctor & my phone doesn't receive calls right now.
oh snaps, we should collab.
Gawd, I love me some Cher. And glitter eyeshadow. Especially Cher IN glitter eyeshadow. I'm like a gay man in a white girl's body.
best way to go about it!!
YOU annoy me so much -_-
rainy Monday......tough when rains leads one of my toughest work weeks of the year....
Your the only one I trust to do it too.
Are u keeping ur townhome or selling
Martin Fulop, please go away and don't play football anymore. Please.
In retrospect I think taking time on my precious day off to pipe cupcakes would have been better than getting up this early!
They were rolling over in their grave for the last 8 years, now they are smoking cigars and saying go Obama!
I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER!!!! <3
lol yeh but not all guys are like that but we do need patience shit at least i do
Dear Winterhawks. Your fans are going to #fillthecoliseum for you tomorrow!
Friday is Amurica Fest 2011 . We don't play very many hometown shows so I know you'll make it out and go crazy or this one.
yes. So very much of this. RT : I am so ill-prepared for the stress of upcoming season finales. I NEED A MOMENT.
good!! Neighborly love!!!
I found a ticket to the world
two and a half hours later i can tell you that #avengers is in fact off the chain.
I'm going to start using these for everything I tweet. YAY!!!
I hate that the nicest girl in the world was played by manly leather skinned Shelly!!
"at least 28 instruments: obligatory at least 1 piano (4 hands), 2 percussions (membrano- and metalophonees) and a couple of guitars."
Lowkey this summer gone CRACK!
hope you'll check us out!
wassup nd I see u.made a new account
Good luck!
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Screw your bagels. All I want is a damn breakfast burrito.
Buffalo wild wings then going tanning :)
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives -
Meant to my iPhone.
awww poor baby :(
I bless the rains down in Africa: AfrikaBurn Music and Arts Festival
We are so glad you enjoyed it!
where tf is becca? I'm tryna get it to the liquor store
There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears
The site is down today because it's getting a makeover. *finger guns*
Nothing like a thrice divorced, disgraced lobbyist sponsored by a casino mogul articulating the most deepest held values of all Americans.
I believe so. I don't think I work.
I just hope he's neither a drill sargeant nor a cheerleader. I don't want to get too frustrated or annoyed.
It looks like the Beer Fairy kept one for herself.
you dont live in San antonio?
And... mechanical problems delay my exodus by 24 hours. What to do with my new found day? At least I'm all packed.
why am I so funny ?
Glad you're enjoying Black City Lights, Quinn! Good luck with the screenplay, too... sounds insane / awesome :).
Transylvania Basketball tips off Monday night at 7 pm vs. Thomas More in the Clive M. Beck Center. There are tickets still available.
Chelsea Handler is my favorite celebrity.
SLOW DOWN & UNWIND with your family today, it could be the best thing you've done all weekend!
hey love you :) I need not follow because it is impossible I understand are many..no matter i love you.
those are the wisest words I've ever heard. You sir would make a lucky woman very happy
Glad to hear it
God is not intimidated by impossibility! In fact God laughs at it because He knows there is nothing He cannot do! (Psalm 2)
": Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got. -Janis Joplin"
still here?
Great work on the tracks that you posted!
What a (NOT) great way to spend a Sunday! Uninsured in an ER with innards in full rebellion. Whatever this is came on during show Friday.
Since it is not true that we live forever, then the statement: "To live is to learn" is not true.
Looks like #floral designing today! :)
US history help please?
indeed, 5:30 would be great. I'll be studying at schwarzman all day, then load me up with caaaarrrrbbbbss!
s/o to my new sexy follower ;)
Sad day for the packers.
Create a culture that Shares best practices and puts clients first. Kristin Coda
okay i'll help u also! hehehhe
done moving! what a feat, and an ugly but successful call with ex-landlord. cutting the cord. now on to actually putting everything away...
I really have to learn how not to bite the inside of my cheek on a daily basis
Thank god I didn't have to present in English, because my freaking group didn't even finish our project!!
Only way will get a ring is if he 1.) goes to college, graduates and gets a class ring 2.) gets married. <U+270C> #Knicks all day!
extra manish out here today!
Just met some guy named James drunk as a skunk on 3rd St. He told me he just got thrown out of Rain.
Enjoying the Cancer for College event!
you too! X
Spay/neuter complete...they both did great!
i just cannot wait till sumer this year cause i get to swim in my giant pool ha and its to cold here now but i need sleep bye everyone :)
Doing nothing but shooting free throws tomorrow
Olivier Poupeney will be on the main stage at #structurecoface :40 today to announce #dreamface Cloud AD partnership w/ OpSorce
DM it to me, yesterday I put the # in wrong
: yeah, big difference btwn "journal" & "blog"…we all laughed at "blog" term when it emerged. now it's THE txt form.
I wish Cricket would just get iPhones and my world will work better.
what's the occasion? RT: day drinking
Same to you! Let us know if you need any emergency services or a free mold inspection! ;)
right?! He takes Muhney for granted lol~ :p
I feel sorry for your Mother...
Took Samadhi to see , talk about intense... Thanks for your help kim tomasello! Stay tuned for the review.
I think you underestimate my abilities of misplacing my car... LOL
Rick Reilly is such a douche bag! I can't stand it
A night I will always remember with RT Thanks to my dad for taking me to the Grammys a few years ago!!!
Our whore show is tomorrow. Get a babysitter&come 2 our whore show. centerstagechicago says our whore show is a must see.tinyurl.com/3xs4trx
saw you at bookmarks tonight!!! Happy 34th birthday!!!
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
ood Morning everyone :) ( ) <U+2665>
Man. They guy afew dope cats but mostly corny dudes.
Instead of "bouncing back" in practice, perhaps "stopping ball" or "screening out" might be good?
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead
is eating the biggest steak I've ever seen. 28 oz. but yes, he has a PBR to wash it down. :)
At Philly PD's 25th district. Wearing a ballistic vest. Psyced to go on this ride along.
Goodnight. <21 Could I possibly get a goodnight back? :)
#Heat forward Bosh could miss Game 3 versus #Knicks:
just signed on to #WellCityMilwaukee - commiting to make #wellness the way of #work in
Its nice leaving work on Friday knowing that I have a #great boss and team to come back to on Monday :) Happy Friday Everyone!
Thank you guys! Great time and great event! Hope to do it again soon!
Bangalore eyes financial businesses - Hindu Business Line
Shame on you! RT : I hate pumpkin everything. cc
He has quite the gimmick going.
print books were all shareable across consortia. ebooks are, in most cases, not shareable
fine. Ill see you next friday though :D
“ I Needa Be At The Gym Hooping!”
Leadership gravitates to the man who can talk. – Lowell Thomas
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. -Matthew 5:7
NFL Films just released a revised list of their Top 10 Heisman Winners in the NFL and debuted RG3 at #3. Sorry O.J.
?what is that?
I'm excited for the academic convo. Tomorrow :))
Night of 1000 Stevies was so incredible. Wonderful to see everyone again! Ali & I were thrilled to grace the stage! <3
yes i did. Thanks for asking. :) i hope today is a good day as well. Same to you!
Guys that wear boots<<< ion see a rodeo bro !
how the hell am i going to memorize 40 supreme court cases in one night
More items about to go up on Etsy. The pink peony has already been bought, so act quickly if you see something you like!
Anecdotal stories from DCWEEK panelist: Logging in thru Facebook releases personal info. All about privacy.
Believing is all a child does for a living. - Kurtis Lamkin. How much would "being more like a child" help you reach your goals?
Better Behavior; social, sensory, speech STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 760-772-1000 for info
omg I cry so much when I licen to this song couz I love you so much and u and patty mean the word to me I love you :)
steriods do kill. ask my dead friends....wait, you can't! But I am here to tell you, too, steriods do kill.
Bitches talk shit when they a mile away but won't say shit when they face to face! #fuck'em
You got what u wanted and now u regret it
deep thoughts for serious people.
of course :) enjoy the road trip. Where are you headed?
Who was your fav?
Following a leadoff double by Jonah Liebman, Tyler Marshall drives him in with a single to center. Trinity takes early 1-0 lead over St. X.
Thx for listening to customers & partners. The license update anncd today makes it easier to kindle the vSphere 5 excitement.
Groupies I like u let's have mind sex it works
Don't be a "GOMO".... Gomo= A person who goes through the motions. Work your process & celebrate the grind.
Just read your blog post, buttery soft it is! Look forward to working with you again soon.
Many thanks to Towson folks tonight. You know who you are. Great community.
Thanks, Allan. Hope you are well.
not even I got stuck with that! at least I'm being helpful... and counting a lot.
one of these days (or I would guess nights in my case) I will figure out what four square is for
The Bay Area is well known for hipsters and hippies but gypsies?
Triche is slowly taking over this game.
Down #pittsburgh what else is new lol I I'm here 4-5 nights a week
That's how everyone should feel.
Pay with your name? It's happening w/ Dream vendors- - sign up! cc:
So ready for this starbucks half off frappuccino happy hour thing starting tm! I picked a knew frappuccino for everyday AH
The 2011 NFL Combine has come to a close. Congrats to the Dow Lohnes rookies. Great job!
hahahaha not all asians have silky hair :p
GOOD PLAN! 2 MINS THEN ILL SEND A LIST! AND CALL THEM SHOE 1,2 ETC YOU TELL ME WHICH ONES YOU LIKE BEST!xx
STAT!! Best of luck at The U
yea so do you like talking to him:D
x10^23. RT : And I got to tell you if folks think this was vitriolic we've really, really lost sight of history.
ooh. i was hoping you'd move to texas! lol (:
wish me luck on my drama exam today? I'm gonna need it:') xx
Well since the Ravens aren't playing at home (ha), we can open up the lots at the football stadium.
Thanks for following
I am in LOVE with the IAMBIC PENTAMETER !
I am currently re-broadcasting my Panda project in a low-density, tweet-per-day form via another account, <U+30FE>(·<U+3268>·)/
I've got nothing but love for the small presses.
I hope my plan succeeds
It's summer and you are not a hamster. Get off the treadmill and go outside and sprint. Your body will thank you.
Only one day until #HungerGames movie and Twitter is buzzing. Are you going to see it?
yea she's like a soul singer...but look it on rap genius...it explains everything
You know that line in Alanis Morrissette's "Ironic": "it's like the cat hairballing after the carpets are cleaned"? Just happened.
you are my sunshine princess
Near 70 in ATL over the week end and now snow on the radar! Darn you global warming!
Lolol Yeah, I'm really glad I chose to stay in state and go to SUNY Buffalo
cuss ur a ass whole lol
To bem e vs como ta amora?
Congress Members Produce 30% Fewer Tweets After Weinergate And are much nicer to their wives and have deleted 100% of their porno files
Anyone looking to buy a used car? Selling my 94 HOnda Accord for like $1600. 200K miles, runs well. Message me about it.
tech blogging is a zero sum game
So what number will be wearing with the bills next season?
ladies man (;
Yes!!!It comes with K cups!!Can make one cup of coffee at a time,, so many kinds of coffee to choose from!!! A tad pricey!
also playing June 16th for with
preciate the love and support my boy
Some weed, hoes and alcohol.
Watching a local production of Spring Awakening and thinking of Hope you're well, friend!
Hey Jeremy. Thanks for following. I see that you're from CO?
2 spots left in A4C camera classes - Tues night and Sun a/noon. Email us if you would like to be considered or need info....
The nest is in a small Toyon bush that is only about six feet tall in my backyard. Nest itself is only about 4-1/2 ft off ground
iAm Beautiful iN Every Sinqle Way Cus Words Cant Brinq Me Down
Cincinnati is the 7th poorest city in America
someone searched "dry cracking stretch mark penis" and was directed to my blog. I'm concerned.
We love #TravelTuesday! Here's a few of our favorites:
Thanks for the RTs
Ground ball to the left side THROUGH for a base hit! Gantner scores, throw to third and Yount is OUT on a single by Sveum.
just file it with #bmi as a #workforhire for his share and pay him a dollar or two. He'll be good! :-)
a success then. an average of .300 is hall of fame worthy in some disciplines!
Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion
Hello. Nice to meet you.
so you rub mud on your face?
#glee Oh I love "Mean" by Taylor Swift. One day I'll be big enough that you can't hit me.
Was it a good bday?
That's what my wife and daughter were just sayin
listening to music
RT : RT : TMSpecial nominated for Sony Award for coverage of the 2011 summer in "Best Live Event" category<< bravo
burned 260 calories doing 120 minutes of "Cleaning, light, moderate effort"
What kind of challenges are you facing in your business?
All over city with my dear family then dance in Rasputin. Oh la la.
Our #freefriday offer this week is going to be
I wish Twitter would let me follow all of you back! It's preventing me from doing so-any ideas?
#ThingsIWantTheMost To be a lawyer, business owner, and a world changer.
This girl on here is eating roses and worms...
Babe LaHair again, y'all.
Today is the day kids... makes another trip to Cleveland. Maybe he will stop by OSU and tell them how happy he is for Kentucky.
Happy Birthday...Always stay #Kidrauhl You have helped me in so many ways you don't even know... so thank you <3
lol how do u ppl get so many followerz??
I saw a mahoning ave. Sign when I was goin to mickey D's :)
hahaha howd u guys find out
Pre-research report homework! MT : : Teachers-have students do annotated biblios assessing #webcred of their resources!
Busy couple of weeks ahead... DC (Watch out and ) next week followed by Vancouver the next.
It's perfect outside <U+2600><U+2764>
Two more days then roadtrip to Vegas baby!
": Lol !! "She wants me fool"" Lmfao that's it. Yeah yeah
I received a standing ovation from Director Phillip Noyce for my full couture look 3/28!
Barak Obama is also a few blocks away.
Things are looking great for Muffler Men the documentary. In two days we are almost at $1000! Huge thanks to backers present and future!
#Bova, Leviathans of Jupiter. Great to read some old school SF now and again, exploring Jupiter, contacting ETs, science politics & puzzles.
Having a blast with the gang !!
Evening news is where they tell you "Good Evening" and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Great job way to sweep those sorry Red Sox...0-6! I love it!!! haha
I want to love them because they're so darn practical (if you want the heels look, anyway) but I just can't get behind them.
You never understand me it was ways about you, another guys tells me to go for my stuff and then your sis doesn't you talking to me like :-(
John Dye was warm hearted,smart,sweet,dedicated, and was born with a beautiful soul. RIP John Dye, you'll always be remembered n loved.
LETS.GO.BULLS
See "the golden rule": 'those with the gold make the rules' Would you like unlimited Talk, Text, Web for your phone ?
. "hey girl, the things you own end up owning you."
it's amazing how much happier i am when i actually get a decent amount of sleep
Thanks for the tweet! Any scent in particular catch your eye?
Wait wait wait. So apparently Mandie asked both Madison and Nick to pick her? That's not fair hun.
not el rodeo DUH
of coarse I doo !!
One heck of a game!
The only reason I had kids is because I used up all other excuses to get out of work.
Oscar Wilde basically said Art is useless. I beg to differ......art can bring a new horizon of hope and love in our lives...
In substance, the court holds that the 16th amendment did not empower the federal government to levy a new tax~~NY Times, January 1916
I'm actually laughing out loud in the middle of class!
i hate how when you go to a park, and get on a swing, and some 5 yr old kid decides *that's* when he wants the swing..
: Too public, but . . . I interviewed you for HFR in Borgota in AZ. Long shot, but trying? ?
Off to "The Reel Thing" at the Academy Film Archive.
I love every to a certain extinct I just Barry a lil bit more .. Lol
whatever, it's a choice.
great blog post!
Nobody Beats the Drum... confirmed for the Day Party. Sat 17 @ Barbarella. Let the booty shakin' commence.
its early for u aren't u going out
I have read 7 books, read & highlighted parts of 22 academic articles, & skimmed/taken notes from 8 more books. All in the past week.
Kinsey on #taxonomy: "nature rarely deals with discrete categories... The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects."
Hey #Philly, thirsty for some Bock? is having a Bock Night on 4/6! Come get your goat on!
Great! We'll see you next week!
Tweet me a number and I will say something nice bout u!!
Is the birthday party in LA too?
hahahha damn not the little homie
I don't like this.
Vet-Stem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals. Learn more & call your Vet!
Frank Lloyd wright often included statements of philosophy on his buildings. From the Larkin Building: "Sincerity, Humility, Courage"
Ha ha! Today, I've been struggling with "your" and "you're". Oh, and it's one of my biggest pet peeves!
it's quite obvious no need 4 explanation. Good luck with date.
Shows the strange intersection of market exchange and quasi-kinship relationships.
Hey !! Let's work!
If you tweet 3 more times, and get three more followers, you'll be 66.66.66
feeling the same way!
I really don't wanna sit through this service, I would much rather be asleep
"So f*ckin sexy, u r a sexy f*ck" LMFAO really makes u LMFAO
REMINDER 1st half of research requirement due tomorrow 03/13
Watched three grown men YouTube and oogle Susana Hoffs for over an hour
I'll keep that in mind. Any other ideas?
cloth is an admirable, nice thought. Go with disposable. You'll have enough to do!
No… Cause what we got is solid gold. Why would I blow all that on some worn out old…
Good morning! Had an audition yesterday for a pilot... Still waiting to hear from my management.
Not wasting any time! RT you're beautiful. Just thought I'd tell you that.
Well it aint Boston in the playoffs without them choking one away...glad it's game 4 and not a game 6 or 7.
just a bit tho. Its cool
Good morning world
These Red Sox are killin' my fantasy team!
it's gonna be so hard to find a bar showing All Dogs Go To Heaven!
haha I told my mom we have to go the the concert of the top ten! I want De'Andre to go home. He's good but his voice gets old..
i dont think it's gonna go farther than just friends with benefits. oddly enough, im kinda ok with that.
i can't deal being in no hot ass room,
Gotta stop reading these stories about people falsely convicted of crimes and sent to death row, keep having nightmares it'll happen to me
playing with TweetDeck. Kinda cool.
Girl you talk to much. Shut up.
The tuna and salmon we got in today look amazing! I know what I'm having for dinner!
happy birthday kiddo, have a great one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
better than pulling out a shiv...
Farewell, My Love band is fucking amazing!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless! Damn straight :)
Locked out my house at 1 am? Okay. That's cool.
We will be open Friday 2-5 pm and Saturday 5-7pm, hope to see some friendly faces there!
Cards and drinks!! What beats that? :)
Thank you for existing :') <U+2665>
full of wine and pizza. yum.....
Food portion is CRITICAL 2 controlling caloric intake.
Oh trust me, I am. RT : Do it i triple dog dare you (; RT : I'm gonna blow up babes phone.
maybe he parks his cars outside on seven acres. Or bikes to work. Or that's a typo.
yeah that's what I was thinking. haha no big deal if we can't do anything. Just curious.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1851 Yosemite Valley was discovered in
Thinking about the course description for his large lecture section on "American Apocalypse."
“It’s in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.” ~Tony Robbins Every day. Every minute.
Ugh I'm so grumpy today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Food for thought. This is so true. That's why u r the bomb.com
omg. I am so irritated at my clumsiness right now. And the flip flops are my NEW Auburn flip flops my best friend sent me!
Today: Region 7 APS applications will be reviewed; tomorrow AOSII; Friday AOSI.
Me to“ Im coming over friday RT : Some things people need to regret and got to hell for!!!!”
your really pretty, just thought i would tell you that :D
pbr is actually hipster beer and extremely popular now
omg TLC with the tallest people show ad #my strange adiction had me screaming today......
Move your whole body and lets start the party too much rock for one girl can make her go crazy i need someone to dance with me baby
nothing is worse than wanting to get drunk but having no one to do it with... fucking lame sauce
Not being able to instantly get over things..<<<<<
im ok twitter mum sick of not sleeping tho x
Loving this rapid fire call with & ! So many good questions (and I got to ask, eep!)
Where did you land?
Memphis is like Lebron. They only play three quarters.
Is your new tattoo a feather or?
They were singing in French, but the melody was freedom and any American could understand that. -Audie Murphy
Come back to twitter after some wine and Skyrim to find that is using enough twitter API calls for the whole continent ...
#Indian gaming (casinos, etc) resulted in $30 billion last year.
:D xo
wee bit painful.
Haha! I know, but so cool. Loved your last blog by the way. Gorgeous photos.
I wore ugly jeans today and they ruined my day.
GO RAYS! UN-FREAKING-BELIEVABLE!
Such, such, such a good time on as always!
The only person you should compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
1 request for a secluded island where I can only think nice thoughts and be free from negativity, stress, & gossip.
that's pretty good news for natural blondes. And MEN.
My thoughts and prayers are with our Chilean friends after their 8.8 earth quake. God bless.
well, mr. Negative..
girl that's boring af don't even-_-
#supportlocalmusic Live with doubles. and lots of Status Green a great band that just ended. sadface. listen in to
whoa thats awesome
I love music, it goes well with my high
See you at lunchtime, Tweeple!
Turn down the lights, lite the fire, turn the music down low and enjoy a great dinner brought to your door by
I think I am on tv everyday now. What show did you see?
#VINTAGE #FASHIONISTAS Thank u so much for entering the purse giveaway with , the answers have been so Fashionably Chic <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Ok. I'll take a 24 pt lead at the half. Slackers. #goHeels!
Go Marq! Destroy ND with or without that big goofy bastard
Gala aftermath... tons of follow up...my office needs cleaning...but I'm glad it's over.
Classic Retort ----> RT what are you talking about?
My Maui-bred nieces are watching snow in person for the first time in their lives.
That might make a good Depends commercial
But, it is putting me in the mood for happy hour today.
It's almost May 15th((: #ThroughSInAndSelfDestruction AA<3 !! && Uhmm really stoked for the new MIW album, think it's called "Infamous"
including Alison Brie
Joshua! Follow me back!
#NAFEONATION Make sure to follow
I miss you :( just scared to go along with this again. You've let me down each time and kept doing the same crap. How is this time any diff?
I'm sure it doesn't seem like it to you but that seemed like it went fast. Enjoy your last week and safe travels!
yes! I created a fb page for our staff kickball team and we ended up continuing it post kickball season.
Excited to be singing in Poland @ Krakow JF (Jul 7th) and Katowice JF (Jul 6th) with NDR Big Band and the National Polish Symphony Orchestra
really starting to slip back into the darkness wanting someone to save me b4 its 2 late #fuckyoudepression!
Final #Fridayreads - Gin: The Much_Lamented Death of Madam Geneva by Patrick Dillon (research for new book)
The Cosco-meatball-loving bear is back in Glendale! Guard your meatballs!
I'll let you pay me 20 dollars to fight invasive dandelions.
Thank you O's! I'll take a gift.
ah I got to study for my finals today :/ ...
Bah @ the weather in #DC today
Fuck i'm bored....
Reporters fulfill citizenship duties by being professional observer : Rosentiel
Fuck!!! What the fuck is going on tonight?!
ayyy can I get a check? Nahh, we straight
Do you speak English?
Can I seriously just take all of 's music and her guitar skills and call it my own? They're all so good.
2day was a good day.. I feel madd accomplished, I can't wait 2 tell u abt this week.. but knowing us, i'll prlly tell u next week..
I think all mb fans would be mad If he did something like that :-)
Well Happy Early Birthday Then ! Haha (:
I know it's hard to remember the people we used to be its even harder to picture that you're not here with me
I had a dream last night I kept getting kicked off of different reality shows because I was Muslim.
well shoot...didn't even notice the link didn't work ><
Great Movie, my fav group for karaoke
Democracy Journal editor and special correspondent Michael Tomasky is now on Twitter. Follow him at
it's #iPhone time my friend. So you can wrap that thing up in a
I once got "You will be hungry soon. Order take out now."
The claw of ravens
5 days until KAHATF1HSWK!! :) I can't wait lol
No prob. Just followed again (un-followed when you tweeted that truck driver op-ed 10x) RT Hi Ben. Thanks for the RT.
One of my followers followed you >:D
You are welcome - Save your money, time, energy, etc. #Clear is an absolute nightmare. I'm just trying to help consumers.
Mother's Day is less than 2 weeks away! Make your reservation for our delish annual brunch in the John Eager Howard Ballroom! 410-332-1000
Hey ! I just followed them.... I think ;)
Don’t wish it were easier to wine over, wish you were better.
exactly! “: "Its not the digital divide we need to worry about but a social divide" Joaquin Alvarado, APM #infoneeds”
Consider yourself lucky.
Night One Kisses!
Thinking of how much I admire Oprah, and am honored that I shook her hand at my Spelman graduation in '93! I love and will miss the show!
nice knickers
Does Emma Stone have stilts on under that dress?
thanks! sounds awesome
Funny we #justmet in person this weekend, but always great to keep connection going. Your media session was awesome!
text me?
It's Always Darkest Before Dawn . (:
Wishing and would get the blackout regulations figured out...living 70 miles from stadium in alt TV market and no 4me
Can you help me with presale fan club codes for
RT : artists & community organizers: what are the elements of a good collaboration?
It's now or never. You're not gonna live forever.
are you in NYC for new years?
New live album getting closer to completion all the time, and then I begin work with a fantastic producer on the new release.
Get inside my zone <3
going to the movies. :)
Jags get Blackmon, Rams get Cox>, Bucs get Claiborne
thank you your story is amazing and we had to share it with our youth and the youth in DC who we take our gallery too.
MCM is looking for artists in fashion designing, styling,, to work with our Pop superstar Nia. TF project, .
Great to hear 's shoutout to your upcoming book, "Net Smart: How to Thrive Online," during keynote
PS, Hardcore mode is the only way to experience true bliss.
Don't drive drunk! From 6pm-6am on New Years Eve/Day will take your drunk self & your car home for FREE member or not: 800-222-4357
Another Hemingway haunt: Paris! Who hasn't haunted this town?
so I just seen some of your tweets and I :)'ed lol
I really hope it does!
where? :P
Sp-hers have not won the championship THIS season. #GoLakers :-) RT But...but...THIS season though... #Spurs :)
have you read that book?
Waking up this early<
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. ~Henry Ward Beecher
I dont have a clue, but imagine it was not done with one shot. usually those are stitched together, prob 50+ images? very nice
emily got 5th row for how to succeed tonight I'm so jealous omg
not yet! its on the to-do list for today haha.. I see you couldnt handle the partying, typical. 8-)
President's #FY13budget AGAIN calls for the consolidation of chronic diseases that share risk factors.
Little confused on how you can get 21 points by losing every race today.
<U+200E>"Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." -Malcolm S. Forbes
if i could get a happy new year or a hi my year would really end ICONic please nick it would be AMAZING!(:
Charlie Brown: Hey Snoopy, im bringing sexii back Snoopy: bitch please xD
RT : We're waiving his fine bec the smiles he gave us are worth more than any fines.
LOL well she changes... she gets better.
do you think the aztecs have a good shot with Skylar Spencer?
Shoot the last 2-3 months of being pregnant with my lil girl I was on bedrest... and also this last month... How you been?
Re: Prezi, if you find one, could you please share? Thanks!
people who subtweet <<<
Now the characters are blaming each other! Hey guys, blame the freaking sharks, they just ate two people.
IS THAT a good or bad thing?
Gah, i just don't get things.
HAPPY Hump DAY people!
shit forgot to do current event and its almost 9:00
I said on the Survey to let me know if you have any holes in your virtual audience and I'll try to oblige(signed up for 2)
Thank you! All we need to complete it is a baby boy now :)
If someone was going to win, I'm glad it was the guy who uses a pink driver.
Good Morning #Baltimore! It seems that days of sunshine have given away to a few days of rain. Be careful and drive with caution!
I love you like I love your sister.
Irrational Vaccination fears.
he doesn't always degen. but when he does, he goes against wesley snipes.
TEAM MARVEL LMFAO
you are too sexy for that kind of comment. :)
When I find myself wanting to code a 1st Edition Dungeons and Dragons module in Visual Basic, I know I'm old.
CityLit Festival 2012 was amazing and inspiring! So many great authors and events!
New learner outcomes: collab readiness; digital literacy; goes to the design of the curriculum not just the course.
so why did they both just try to take it to a national level? I'm still pretty new to political bs lol I start voting this year
I am going to punch in its bloated scummy face.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, want a shoutout?, so follow me maybe!
I've only listened to one black cards song and wasn't into it at all.
I like and
Hope I can get my car situation sorted about by tuesday afternoon. Im hungry for some marvel and dont want to miss The Box Arena!
this team. Need phil Jackson
Thanks for the retweets today!
Producing on location for 12 hours. Starting another 2 hour shoot back at the studio soon. Coffee plz?
A great president and a big stick!
Thank you! Love my #sschat nights...
My mom has never seen Mean Girls?! That is changing tonight
HalfPrice tickets to see Stanley Jordan!valid Thur, March 15th and Sun, March 18th, the 10 PM show only,Get tickets online, use code "SJ12"
Been on Facebook so much... forgot about twitter... gasp!!!!!!!
C.D. Jackson Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
I'm having a double protein shake with frozen peaches. It just sounded necessary this morning.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're always thinking about yesterday.
I missed the Galley Chat today. And everything interesting all of you said all day.
And the excuse "yeah things are really busy over here" doesn't wash. "Too busy" to perform a simple act = you, finding a diff. occupation
YESS!! Congrats! RT : I'm humbled 2B a part of such an impressive array of superstars n 's
Thank you - yes! RT reverb grew not just b/c of the prompts but because the why & your beliefs deeply resonated :-)
Sea Lions LIVE starring "Clyde" at SeaWorld!
i jus wanna leave.
Miltowntickets will be out and about this weekending marketing our site!! www.miltowntickets.com
Almost as bad? She cheered for #kU in the Final Four. Yeah, remember that, #como voters when she tries to Earn your vote.
Alright City of Praise AAU Basket ball team. They brought home the W!!!
i'll be there. looking forward to it. haven't seen ya'll since bham years ago. hoping to hear Mountain tonight.
yes - still active! can you please re-send the email? terribly sorry about that!
hey did ur twitter get hacked are was it u that just 5.
any managers who actually manage artists?
OK COOL NOW LETS TALK POKEMON
Who do I have to show my boobs to get one direction backstage passes...?
Appreciate those workouts u gave Alexis my daughter.
Vegas is a crazy place!!!
RT : Dear please join Celebrity Cabinet & attend our Aug 4th event email...
Pics from yesterday #MMENights going up later. We appreciate everyone who came out to Notte and partied safe.
4 errors???? come on
I second that! :) RT : Someone needs to make a film of Chess. IT WOULD BE GREAT.
It is interesting to not that the University of Missouri was the first University established west of the z.
is that Duck Tape? lol
YES! YES! YES! YES!
Nice to see you guys last night! :) <3
Best part: Sunday morning when the guy with the strong southside accent reminds you about "Cat'lic Mass" over the loudspeaker
I'm trying to figure out where this hair in my mouth came from <U+E40D> ... I know my face hasn't been near a womb in a long time.
We have Empanadas today! See you for lunch! And don't forget to get a Smoothie...it's hot outside!
RT : Visit CloudConfidence. The way to trust your Cloud.
Solution? Cut taxes RT : Okla. falls to 48th for health due to high smoking & obesity, inadequate prenatal...
Thank you all who came to Stay Warm! and Bartab love our fans!
WOW! ": Girls semifinal hockey action between Kettle Moraine and Onalaska remains tied at 4 as we head into the 4th overtime period."
Maybe we can trade for Kotsay at the deadline to not only pinch hit but also so Roenicke can use him to pitch the 8th inning
better fit "ho ho hopefully" into their setlist on December 10th. :'D
Japanese pm!
are you kidding me? 6-0?! not what i was hoping to wake up and see this morning.
awesome Yesenia! We will be sure to let you know when we are playing again in the area!
what should we name our monkey ;)
Israel better quit. Not joking
in corporate dallas for Amigos! should be a great conference!
Last night couldn't sleep. I am starting to think I'm not fooling anyone anymore.
Was there Monday and Tuesday. Too short of a trip for such great weather. Maybe next year. :)
Hey i wont kiss and tell ;) lmao my friend dared me to say that to u well good luck today!!!! you will do great :)
RT : we always knew it was a world-class venue; now confirmed by awards as venue of the year!
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis will usually find a way to shine, since anything else is unbearable for their ego."
Haha I do! Who doesn't?!
Indeed a mans man!!
Oh, it's good. Trust me (I know a guy, that knows a guy )
okay. Let me ask her!
The key to success is being able to take shit from shitty people
yeah I saw that tweet. But July 30th is still before the end of July lol See what they did tharrr?? ;)
After all the boys I thought I loved before... I didnt know what love was.. Until you knocked on my door
Good things are happening!!
how quickly the publishing paradigms shift. Yesterday's supposed rapacious villain is tomorrow's mourned departed.
"Retweet" if you put your hope in Jesus!
I'm so doing the snakehead. Tonight or tomorrow!
And papyrus!
RT : Did you know... the #Mississauga #ReStore is an e-waste centre? Drop off your small electronics > free of charge!
this is great for a smaller district. my grandaugher LOVES the student portal she is currently using at her site.
Pilates Plus client finished the San Diego Half in 2:35 wearing her "Vibram 5 Fingers"..nice job Laura
Trips to London, Arizona and Florida all booked. Three more trips planned. Gonna be a fun year.
Great day. Excited for the inspection on the house tomorrow...
took :40s off my pace today! Still nothing compared to how fast the front is getting to Brady tonight!
Pacers win! Pacers win! Game 5 tickets now on sale!
Awesome- I will add that to the list!
“: Stupid Trix!” silly rabbit trix are for kids<U+E412><U+E52C>
thanks for supporting he is another Twitter friend and a cast member of .
thats super cool !
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31? The number represents how many flavors they have!...
Follow back please? #OMGOE <U+2665>
There are mangled cars pushed everywhere. Debris litters every parking lot.
Hey, do you ride my bus?
Make sure it's a shiny one! :)
Wow. In learning of 's death yesterday, I turned to twitter to see if she was trending yet. She had 5800 followers. Now? 36,200!
In all seriousness, the site will #BuffAndBlueOut at midnight to protest #SOPA #PIPA. You guys should follow suit.
I'm loving how all the teachers are slamming tests on us with a week left of school. There's a things called finals aka A TEST.
had to go w/ brown. is a fan too:) cc
Then Can You Plz Follow me.?? <3
goodnight everyone, sweet dreams. (:
The site looks great
"H2O" tickets are moving like hot cakes. The Premiere might be sold out by the end of next week.
i laugh when people tell me I tweet too much. Sorry, but there's nothing else to do on TWITTER.
The leaders of the world are the people who are not afraid to walk alone.And achieve what they believe even through slander and ridicule.
ahh lol but that's so not an insult...
Totally killing it at EPA
Who has seen the movie five year engagement & what did you think?
yes they should
I love you<3 will you marry me?(: haha. you're so cute! Btw, when's your birthday? about 22 hours ago
In Milwaukee and drinking a #MillerHighLife. When in Rome, right?
God bless the child that could hold his own.
Great day of gym sessions and had a great Easter dinner! Hope you all had one as well! (: visiting with fam than bed! Gym in the morning!(;
stop cursing.
JOHN L SMITH #Arkansas? Best of the 90s retreads available? I hope he screams something about coaches screwing seasons up at the Presser
iphone keeps erasing the security questions it's forcing me to answer, as i write them. infinite loop. is this happening to anyone else?
Good stuff. Thanks. I might have to check that out. =)
She's the best buzz I'll ever find.. I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime.
Marguerite de Valois~ Tears may be dried up but the heart - never.
NEW!The 9 Worst Ways to Use Facebook for Business
Coffee was once $31 a pound in Nazi-occupied Netherlands.
because they prefer having a large quantity of bad sitcoms than a small quantity of gud sitcoms
Only 16 days until we draw a winner! Where would you spend your $100 Visa card? Maybe at Easton Town Center?
Quick little shoutout to my baby sis who never talks to me, only retweets me lol #loveyoutoo :) best lil sis in the world
Ugly girls shut the fuck up!
"Thank you so much for an unbelievable time. -JC"
I will remember your miracles of long ago. I will meditate on all your works and consider all your mighty deeds. Ps 77:11-12
I'm saying he has arrived. One of these days I'll write an email. You can only do so much w/ 140 characters...love the show
Never again will I watch a movie with
that'd be "demo-ing" not demoning!
That's a major miracle. Too bad you don't have a UPS driver like we do! ;)
Thanks for the shout outs!
The premier league is close to being sent home early in the champions league..
i majorly facebook creeped on you. be afraid.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Uncommon Ground - Coffee Shop (live updates)
Prediction: The 4 team CFB playoff will give way to an 8 team playoff in 2017/2018, amid complaints over unfair treatment of teams left out.
Miami is up to, so that means Eddie Curry should be DPOY
Pop pop, man u running yo lip?, well pop pop, man there goes my clip!
Oh shit! RT : It's National Grilled Cheese Day? O_O
Kemcial Warfare back in stock today
Art "means nothing if it simply decorates the dinner table of power which holds it hostage."
Take my mind off smokin...lol
I am the q tips biggest fan... Number one
Patient Access Solutions, Inc. $PASO is a healthcare solutions company focused on advancing the healthcare information technology industry.
Driving around Hollywood listening to MUSE on 98.7.
I respect that but listen how he rap tho bro he kinda has a Houston swag on him... And of Course Houston is Mecca in the south
Thanks Phil! We'll let you know as soon as we have our volunteer program in place. Go Ducks!
Brad Kesolowski is listening to the national anthem and thinking to himself "I thought Night Ranger was a video game."
The sad moment when you can feel you & your best friend slowly drifting apart .....
Absolutely AMAZING!! Matt Kemp hits a home run to give the #Dodgers the lead as rain pours down. Now if the game is called LA wins
sidewalk riding not illegal, but you must always yield to pedestrians. And not act like a douchebag.
Just Text Me.
Yes. Or Sh*ttle on most weekday games. Pretty much everywhere but Portland.
I want these 3 weeks to be over with!
Pratibha you've got a deal :>! Will u screen the film in the Pacific NW? We can host the event at PSU if you need a venue
wats good all?
hey beauty, how are you? :-)
guess we should think about picking up the house. kel's work party is @ our house in t-minus 4 hours. time for some teacher fun.
If West Virginia wins, will talk about how WVU won or how Clemson lost?
Back to 0xA0A0A0.
can't wait to find out! Loving this book, Terry.
Had an interesting conversation this morning with my wife, a librarian, discussing WEMI, #FRBR, and venereal disease. What the pho?
Happy Birthday!
It means that I have been in community theatre to long. Looking at my resume with all the shows I have done, looks like I cannot advance
*bows* Thanks, you lovely people, you! :)
Sometimes I feel really uncool when I don't know what a single one of the trending topics are about.
Imma blame how I'm feeling on eve. Gotta be cause no one has done anything to me and I'm snapping.
Every store I go to got 50 pple in line fa lotto
very cool!
He's got the magic touch
Os win, caps lose but all I cam think about is Seau. Life is awesome . Rip #55 you were a monster
that bit is funny, when have i ever lied to you?
Not cool , , waking me up at 9am with an unsolicited push notification. Makes your app seem very untrustworthy. Uninstalling.
i wish i wasn't so awesome! if i wasn't so awesome i could go to mediocre lectures to look at work.
Goodbye #ColtonDixon! Sad to see you go.
or UNM, or the like.
bring me home some beads ;)
already in bed tonight, have to take my mom to dr first thing in morning. Let's check in tomorrow afternoon? Miss u!!
Ducks score!
“ I would of unfollowed me to if I was u and there not my friends
finally polished off the last of my candy corn stash. That will save me about 600 calories a day
RT : Hey, don't hate on Acer! / sorry, didnt mean 2 offend! U know how us Apple fanatics can be obnoxious sometimes!
Still, I want to invite you anyway. Just come one Sunday & hear it out. I would love to hear your thoughts. The offer is there.
Congrats to Santorum. But he's a Huckabee. No shot. Romney should have played up his performance a ton more in speech.
Im getting tired if school wish it my last week
We're setting our sights on a few properties along Bryden and one in particular on 17th between Bryden and Franklin Ave.
will do i might come this weekend if i don't work gotta get my dog from my brother
Know what would be awesome? Angry Conservatives. We launch birds that look like Reagan at pigs that look like democrats
Love it. You guys gonna be able to make it to see those faces tomorrow night?
We hope everyone is enjoying their Easter Sunday!
The Poor People's Campaign began in May of '68. Nine caravans of poor people erected a camp called Resurrection City in DC
just finished it Monday. 100+ hours and I didn't finish all the quests. Amazing game though!
Thanks for the follow, Melanie.
Hey Spurs fans! Do y'all have a Kik?? If so, hit me up! That's where I'll be doing my gametime talking!!
We still need librarians, but we need to revise education and professional standards to keep librarians relevant.
Woke up late and missed all the obvious #LUCK jokes. #timezoneproblems. I would try again but it's time to
Don't get texts in jail. Something urgent call my office... Brb.
Naked skin is beautiful!
' Took another fire Ass nap . . . .well dozed off!!
I just slipped on a condom. Interpret as you will.
My current goal in life: to build up a smell imunity to body odor. But only other people's.
Today's "have you ever..." on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about #gfree #glutenfree #GF living! Come share with us.
Today at noon, radio.
The gym feels better in the morning. I feel more alive
its an africian language. my point was that i dunno how many ppl can sign or need to sign as primary language in my area
Listening to WXYT #Tigers intro, and and Jim Price introducing the game. Man I missed this all winter!
i can't stop retweeting least i know im not the only one who is annoyed with 95% of the population
#whatilove VINTAGE, Pin-up, Marilyn Monroe, and Audrey Hepburn <U+2764>
Big ups to Stephen Schott stadium!!
Prayers to the sandwich gods Reuben and Cherise answered: Ba Le Vietnamese Sandwich shop coming to the Loop at Washington and Wells.
I gave up a long time ago, debating closed minded people
Spring is here! I can tell because the cats ran through the house like a herd of elephants!! It was so loud.
LMAO!! We gonna be heading out there to get you in like 5min. I'll hit you when we're close.
Shirley bet not call my phone yo.
Boot Camp Lesson #3: We’re capable of more than we think we are. I can jump rope! www.Career3D.com/Blog via
EYES SET TO KILL w/ Barbarian, Awaken the Empire, For All the Enemies, Beheading Aries & The Story After APRIL 15 $12adv 6pm @ House of Rock
I'd consider any of those other guys "a key piece". They had a few toolsy high schoolers in last year's class. Jack Lopez too.
51 Cupcakes Baked 6 English Terms Completed 12 English Terms Started 12 English Terms Left Untouched
Jogging may add years to life: Study
Bikram yoga on a Friday YEAH YEAH sometimes you have to accept the need for balance!!
I often wonder why businesses treat customers so bad, then complain that they aren't making any money
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies. -Ann Landers
RT : Hey everyone! & are about to sing together live on #ustream -- I'm in the CAT CHAT here:...
The lady who runs my hair cutting place= the nicest woman I've ever met. I know it's all bullshit and I couldn't care less.
Spent most of the day working outside on the Saffran acre. Just heard #ROC hit 87° today—new record. Do I know how to pick ’em or what?
that costs extra. ;)
I didnt hear you, so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
nice! I had both the original RAZR and the Razr V9X and I loved them both. Looks cool man kudos
Exclusive offer here next bid on any auction item gets four free tickets to UP women's soccer tonight. vs. Stanford. Call now: 503-517-6123
Beyond frustrating! Same exact thing happened to me over Thanksgiving. Tweet your flight # + updates/cries for help to
I think I would eat granola bars everyday for lunch if would stop making fun of me for it.
I hope you know your air drumming sound like shit, moron.
please follow me please is my dream
oh tiger, its time to put down the club and pick up the chicken wing.
We <3 #tacos! Tell us about your
Fred Couples in the lead at #themasters There's nothing like working, watching golf and drinking manmosas!
“: Brunet: "Look a dead bird!" Blond: *Looks up* Where!?"”
Join us Friday 1/6 for next installment of our lunch n learn with Dr. Beth Meyerowitz. Noon at #LA #Museum of the
YES! The insight from the directors/actors after the film are definitely a highlight for me too. Makes it more "valuable" for me.
watching THE SHREW at Harman before FREE FOR ALL JAZZ w Sunny Sumter. COME OUT!
Why do *you* love PDX?
im making shirts with my friend this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder if Dick Hughes is still alive? He had helped hundreds of #homeless #children during the #Vietnamwar I want to learn more about him
aww babe I love you <3
Doesn't seem like any one has really laid a glove on Romney - Doesn't seem this debate will move any polls
so what r u doing these days?
Time to sit through another boring class!!!! F.M.L.
Win. I'll snag it from you sat so we can chill it for sun BBQ.
so wonderful to meet you @ Festival! I peaced out on Sunday but looking forward to hanging next time I'm in town!
yeap. We get it tO
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 37
Texture Contemporary Ballet's newest newsletter! Have you signed up?
Well said sister!!
that money anit gunna help if I'm dead lol would u?
TIL Henry XIII's "walking stick" was a handgonne (polearm mini-cannon) dressed up as a godendag (just look it up). Lovely man.
Texting someone all day and night never gets boring when you really like them
So people in Hollywood just lace blunts with crack that's not nice. That's how people become addicts.
RT : I think groundhog day is so over. Let's hear it for Honey Badger day! << Are u sure cuz the Honey Badger don't give a S^$t
Google wave: As of January 31, 2012, all waves will be read-only, and the Wave service will be turned off on April 30, 2012.
All they got is cells, so if you sell they got a spot for ya
Ooh, yummy. I'll have to take a look!
Forget you.
lol hell yea. She was like "You guuuuuyyysss..." *sad voice*
what the hell foggy as hell
. Are you hoping to get your principal reduced?
Don't forget Fitz. If only that guy had a QB...
They say, "Its lonely at the top." So I say "This is good practice."
My cat might be the only cat who wants to play fetch while I'm in the shower. He drops mouse in and expects me to throw it so we can repeat.
: When boys tell you that they can't get you off of their mind. <U+2764>
hi are you still living?
how about 12:30 tomorrow, same place as last time?
Chris's birthday is next week! woot :D
you sound like girl hahaha follow?
just sent song out for treatment to
Can I have a show of hands? Who gives a flying fuck what anyone in Iowa gives a damn about ?
its on monday!
Listen to music on my iPhone till it ring
Tomorrow on KOL, why this disappointment might be a little different.
Go tell the mountain, "Just meditate without me." I'll climb up later.
Woman got on escalator before me this morning, realized it wasn't working, walked DOWN, stood at the bottom confused. I repeat: escalator!
So bummed
Not sure what I want to do...
Drinking at Curra's. I'll be here another hour, if you want to buy the second round.
Too many times in life people try to convert the holy books word to fit their own personal lifestyle.The TRUTH can't be modified!
Hibbert is gonna look like Patrick Ewing vs Pittman
Against all odds, he was actually taken seriously, for a milli-second.
think Biden forced the President to make a commercial in favor of gay marriage before his 'gaffe' too?
I agree 100%.
Anyone have a brilliant idea of keeping squirrels from climbing the fire escape?
I'll be in NY monday/tuesday of next week - staying at - should be an adventure!
My real friends never hearin from me
Interested in checking out some property today? Stop by 2566 Wightman, 92104 today from 10 - 1!
Havin' a good time, tonight??!!
#TwitTip since ur new here... follow he will give you suggestions periodically of relevant ppl to follow . enjoy
ah amazing ep! Can't believe it's almost over this is going to be so sad. I need SAB in my life!
Gay is Okay
Really pacers?
I'm pushing everyone that loves me away, so when I chose to leave they won't be hurt.
ABX sauces transform classic items with sophisticated flavors that will keep YOU coming back for more!
YOUR MARRIED
Really? Well i hate bunions #random RT : #GirlsWithPrettyFeet is trending .. why?
Best night in LA. thus far!
threshold-o-meter: kettle corn guy at farmers market asks, "Do you do social networking?" and asks for Facebook post
please ask your friends to add
bases loaded, no outs. that's it yanks!
Cuz you have a picture with him!!!
": we're almost there! i will follow everyone who follows me from now until 4 million!RT" lets get Diddy to 4mil
49ers are KILLING!!!
“: Divorce yourself from the noise. Focus on the vital few. Play absolutely full out. Professionalism demands no less.”
jack and coke wiopll do.that for you :;0000
Congrats on the #Indy500 pace car announcement! We'd love to do a Skype interview with you about it - DM if you'd be interested!
Max Talbot knows the Penguins Weakness & Tendencies
SXSW is the new xmas for "marketers" RT : 7 #SXSW emails in the last 5 minutes. You're killing me!
A: #Galtung needs to be on Al-Jazeera on April 25, but he will come another day.
win! win!!! Awesome finish.
Getting coffee at my local Starbucks always involves a game of human tetris.
Watching scary movies with is too funny. Lmao
Kenny Lofton remains the only player to be traded and appear in both line-ups of one game.
follow back
I can't! RT : you had to kill one who would it be Downy JR or Johnny Depp?
Me and mii fav Jojo jus beat that ass n it's nothing to do it again baby
I CANNOT WAIT to recommend these people to the next client who wants "wow" or "pop"
Happy Love day :)
3 more dayz till' i get 2 go back 2 america!!!FINALY I get 2 c my friends and TEXT again!!!
I heard you accept the triple dare to go catfish hunting. Looking forward to watching! You are hilarious.
#ThankYouGleeCastandCrew I LOVE THIS SHOW!!(: I cant live without it and i have EVERY SINGLE SONGS FROM YOU GUYS!!! This is sad! :'(
Shout-out to 4 winning the Jacob Javits Fellowship!
So, I just got to wear a cape. Like a real one.
Smoking, for sure, contributes to MAD. What are #smoking habits llike in #Jordan, by the way? Is smoking widespread?
want to go see the Grunyon run tonight?
best husband in the world! On our way to Budakahn!! My fav!!
lol! #Legos rock - welcome to my world with my 6yr old boy!
I dont what's worse. The Red Sox play or the fact they'll play Sweet Caroline today & everyone will sing along like nothing's wrong. Wake up
Come and get 'em... Fresh packzi from Delightful Pastries are selling like hotcakes! Don't miss out. Stock up now !
More 7 evil exes ! With Scott Pilgrim !
RT All players who were on waivers yesterday have cleared.
Well, he's currently beating me up from the inside. :) 11 weeks to go. How are you and Tom?
just sang red solo cup with aunt nancy and lauren. #winning shoulda been here
until your gf gets to DC then i can be her friend amirite?
We delude ourselves into believing that we are a "work in progress" The FACT is that every moment is a NEW BEGINNING!
American Idol's steel guitar player, Jay Leach, played on 3 of Amy's songs so far on her upcoming album. He's excited and coming back for
Even got Dr Knight on twitter follow him
-- I'd call bluemooncamera.com in St. Johns. If they don't do it, they'd know who would. Or Hollywood Camera.
#100thingsilove crack cocaine
oatmeal raisin cookies are sorta healthy, right?
Just can't get behind Marquette, but their size is going to be extremely tough for anyone to defend. #ONWISCONSIN!!!
Expose Exploitation
am good,i don spread your song 4 IB city...
I'm super geeked about this.
when you think, are you here?
Actor's with accents rules!!! Go Sofia Vergara!!!!!!
I am still laughing... I can't stop that is pure gold!!!!!
milky white titties
RT : VEGAS WITH WHOO!!!! Wait a minute.... lol// Yessir! They grow up so fast! Lol
I love #Denver in the Spring!
AFTER HOURS: the Church 606 downtown LA featuring the best in upfront global house served up by resident djs Blackliquid & Mikey Gallagher
Fill up the goblet and reach to me some! Drinking makes wise, but dry fasting makes glum. ~ William R. Alger
The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 21
Wish me luck for today's football games, if I win this week I'm handed 300, if I lose, I'm handed 40.
Haha I won't. I'm working now on some of the more logistical part of an the award. I'll send soon for feedback
How do you motivate subscribers/members to become donors?
<3 Mac RT : The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.
#Consultant Search Processed: #CableCut / #FiberOptic Repair Claim / Damage during #Construction (Contact re: Cable Cut)
I need you to give me a quick lesson on twitter...seriously can't figure this all out! haha!
TONITE is the ULTIMATE 80s Prom Party!!Get ready to relive your prom all over again!! Come dressed for our 80s prom and get in for #FREE!!
Out of all the other tables in the restaurant you had to sit right by mine.
I here ya
I am a new member as of 5 mins ago!! SO EXCITED to find you!! BIG fan of WABISABI GREEN..so I had to be where she is!
Just wait till districts you bitches. You'll feel the same feeling we have right now except worse. Oh and we will beat you.
A recent study shows that the heart grows weaker everytime we do something opposite of what we feel.
The countdown begins now... Can't wait!
That's terrifying.
Packing makeup with Amanda for Seven Springs!! We are #insanelyeccited!!!!
Happy Friday! Any fun plans this weekend?
Couldn't sleep so I started watching Late to the party but I absolutely love it. I wish I had a dire wolf..
Happy Easter twitter fam!! Have a blessed day
I wish Charlie was here to watch this movie with me. It would be perf for us..
Good morning -_-
aw. Cute!
RT RT Telling someone why you love them, is like explaining what water taste like ...
I always feel so much better about my face after I get my brows did.
cant wait for the baby to be born sweey. Love u lots
Okay... I'll be back later, gotta watch my gay boys on TV & see my husband.xx
Life gives to the giver and takes from the taker -- Marie Forleo
RT : Parents of teenagers: Are your kids employed? Was it hard for them to find jobs? Please DM me.
The instagram thing feeds into Facebook's facial recognition, sure, but most instagrams I see show brunch or dogs so forgive my skepticism.
Everybody is a winner before the start of a competition, but the real winner comes after the competition is over...
"here is the chuch, here is the steeple. open the Double Doors. See all the people at my wedding :)
I like it when you call me big papa. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
wow he seems cute ur cat crazy :O
hahaha did He really?
So #TerraNova and #TheRiver are cancelled. First the #Stargate series and now this.
I like im just mothafuckin chillin in my underwear at home and my mom comes thru the front door with her friends wtf!
I'm super excited about my first basketball game. My mom used to teach Dwayne at Marquette! BTW I'm already the size of a truck!
Going to see w/ (if she ever finished getting dressed)
This one year deal crap is nuts...should be locked for at least 3 or 4 more #dumbnetworks&theirspendingrules
you mean he doesn't even get tested? must think he's living on a different planet than the rest of us
have faith niggy. Their lineup ain't shiiiittttt compared to ours. We got it
Egyptians used a form of toothpaste over 5000 years ago.
RT : I'd really like a slice of the roasted potato chicken pizza from It's so yummy and carb-y.
Ah, the Frappuchino ... the drink for trashy people who want to feel less trashy by spending $6 on a milkshake. Oh, and teenage girls.
I'm jealous your in San Fran! I've always wanted to visit. Enjoy your trip!
Never pay for Gas or Groceries Again,, www.gasandfood.video.com www.mpbtoday,com/corkyd I will give 500 leads a month,
Sme Day's I Be Like: Damm!! That was a close 1!! What was i thinking!! That would have been nice!! Dont make me do it!! I missed another 1!!
You know... I don't know! The Weekend Assignment editor is in later this morning. I'll have to ask. Thanks for the FYI.
Like the episode with Adam Baldwin. Not as much Firefly as I expected. Loved the spot after with R. Downey Jr about Avengers
Paper 1: Defining Successful Aging: A Tangible or Elusive Concept ...
Don't shy away from open mike night every Wednesday at 8pm : O'Neill's Irish Pub.
Ideas on good restaurants in shanghai? Hong Kong? Beijing? Help me Tom cruise!
Leaving beach tomorrow!! :-(
Hmm, seemed to have reached my follow limit for now, so sorry if I don't reciprocate for a bit.
“ Not being able to pull off a prank because you're laughing like an idiot the whole time.””
I was Googled 1 times this week! Google me in one click at vizibility.com/bruce - From t.vizibility.com
Ah shit here we go wit these fake ass calls
The #shoebox photo conversation needs to also be about editing, not every memory is precious enough to preserve.
RT : Good Morning #Greatness You have to speak your desire out loud. Voice print the atmosphere right now.
Appreciate the follow Justin.
Badger hockey fans, be sure to tune into for great color on tonight's game. I'm at my daughter's play.
Starting drivers Ed this week :)
I love love love to shop alone....
Going shopping with my boys is one continuous comedy act! Just as well everyone else around is smiling also.
so back to square one....u have no soul.
if you can still buy low on gallardo go for it. If I had to choose between the two I would go with gallardo (better team)
Got a little bruised by the fierce folks at the mother show in Chicago. on their radar, though.
Last night was crazy, made new friends. cant wait for next weekend.
good morning ;)
i'm thinking about it. c:
Thee best Gift I Can Ever Give My Mom Is My Love ;-)
Girl Scout Troop #4304 has chosen TCC as their Hometown Hero! Join the girls on 2/27 at Menchie's 2656 W. 32nd for Thin Mint frozen yogurt!
Ice cream & Cheetos , (:
Irritates me to no end to see the "No Insights til you hit 30 fans" message when I have 22 times that amount!!!
Four straight hours of nothing else to do but play instruments with the occasional hot toddy thrown in the mix.
The first draft of anything is always shit - Ernest Hemingway.
...why must my feet smell? WHY HAVE YOU CURSED THIS WICKED GENETIC TERROR UPON ME!?
u should really come to texas!!:-)
how many cars do you have? that are actually paid off? ive seen lambo, bentley, ferrari.
what's up !
Feliz Día De Las Madres. I love you mom! The only woman I need in my life <3
Going to my moms favorite place todayy,the swapmeet ^.^
Lol! Struggling artists.
San Diego -> LA -> photo shoot -> Public -> Beachers -> and GO!
I love the guy, though. But the cavs needed a high pick. Now just don't use it on Robinson or Barnes.
wont do it
U tried 2 call me??
We can get down with the boogie.
Finished Arcadia. The search for a new book begins.
Time is never on my side
I really miss who you were and what we had.
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to punch you in your suck hole.
Stealing and copying the keys to my high school. I wanted to be a janitor I guess.
What's wrong 'lil bro?
GETTIN READY TO ROCK COCO LOUNGE!!! OH AM I READY TO GET IT IN!!! 2012 BRING IT ON!!!
Finishing up dinner then home for the Laker Game!
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners! Looking forward to celebrating your success tonight! We are a proud four-time sponsor of the event!
DON'T TAKE A SHOWER!
? why does on chrome continually return "Sorry, that page doesn't exits" but no problem with on ? try it!
So good to get to see you today!! Can't wait for Friday!!
Say What U Mean & Mean What U Say!!!
Please answer this question, are you still scared of Nats?(:
oh for sure dude, I assumed you were already there
"May your father and mother rejoice; may she who gave you birth be joyful!" --Proverbs 23:25 (NIV)
future employers love to go back and read your old tweets...
Thanks, Ted! Glad you like it. Tomorrow? Slave revolts!
Well so did you...so...yeah.
Worried. If I tell you how awesome current show is, you might buy my favorite piece.
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 1 HOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D going to the airport at 12:30 with my dad to pick up my brother :D gonna be a good day!
Smh can I get u to follow please lol
Just a chilling cause I got outta school early :3
we got a groupon to a fancy hotel in Midland so two nights here we come!
Nicola, a friend of mine told me about an epi forecasting competition using twitter data.. are you aware of this?
is so great like omfg she's awesome forreal.
reading helps 87% of my problems
Hey everyone! Make sure to check out CRITTERS! It is a great 80's scifi, horror gem. Watch out, They Bite!
These Cruz and Dewhurst ads are funny ... in an unintentional, self-absorbed chest-pounding sort of way.
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(: haha
oh yeah???
Looking for virtual assistant services. Any recommendations?
Moving in with an elevator is so much easier!
Adam has been nothing but a total gentleman to me I love him for his heart that and he loves his mom
Dying inside but outside looking fearless ~
Nice Hock by
We are just north of Charlotte. Funny I grew up in Atlanta!
I've got Honolulu, Chicago, Chattanooga, Orlando, and McLean all on the support agenda for today.
Some potato chips with tomato sauce :]
Ive been using your site and it is a very good tool for artists and producers to promote fast and easy.
I think we should get a free for all gametype created, mabe even some 2v2, 1v1 action
Nope. A dive bar.
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: There are at least 2, and up to 5 solar eclipses per year somewhere on the Earth.
okay so now we need to follow us!
There were three good things about the movie Moneyball : Billy Bean's daughter, I ate Oreos during it, and baseball as romantic.
I love this new avatar. Makes me laugh every time.
not down with rude people.
but in the end it's not your company. They do what they see fit. Like it buy it don't well then don't... Pretty simple.
It was so good to see her, but it killed me to walk away from her<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
your prize is you get to follow the guy who sits next to Not sure if you heard but he saved the
Ooh, I like it. The difficulty I'm having is that all the images are different dimensions. Thoughts?
#How long does mourning a pet last?#
I see your hustle fam. Hope all is wellRT : Let's Go People We Live this
I bet I won't win the Mega Millions
Hey now, let's take it down a notch there ;-)
What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird?
Busy weekend ahead with Breathe Carolina on Saturday and Animals As Leaders on Sunday. Then Minerva Festival next weekend!
Thanx for the link Russ! I'll try to check it out. Hope to see you around W-B!!
Huge shout-out to data reporter Nick Heynen for his great work on the double-barreled campaign finance stories in tomorrow's paper.
RT:“ Laughter is not always “the best medicine,” sometimes its just “the best disguise.””
Four options remain in addressing #Detroit fiscal crisis: consent agreement, Emergency Manager, bankruptcy or do nothing.
Reverse that in Texas! RT End of July always feels like summer almost over. End of January feels like winter will never end.
i love you babe :(
ok now I scared.
tweet me ;)
Goodmorning. or should I say Afternoon...
i salute you, milady
Gonna feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> for a while.
Anyone think the Magic are having seller's remorse over not dealing Howard for Bynum?
Nuh uh. Professor Lauren taught me all the Guatemala things
go far my friend.
true, you guys sucked.
ah I see. I also saw the Ali app is out! :) congrats
I completely agree, that will always be my favorite. I will pass it on to my children I swear
had a great 4th with , canoeing the mke river with an boat
Albuquerque Avenging in - Boston Herald
Night bitches
thank you for the sapreston daily! it is a great source of legal / market information. i cant believe i havent seen it before.
Before blaming the new star, let's remember: the New GM, from outside org & likely had input in decision to fire coach.
awesome! We start around 10 PM
I'm in so much pain right now. :(
is this going to be your break out game vs the terrible defense you're about to be going against?
you've got to keep your own dreams highh, you've got to know that the sky belongs to no one
Ladies and gentlemen, Nick Johnson has a two game hit streak.
likewise.. Have a successful 2012!
needs to learn how to try at
Just realized I have exactly 90 days till preview of Fuddy Meers! AH!!!
Going shopping with grandma tomorrow :)
It's funny how when I know you don't follow me, I rarely star your tweets... well funny to me!
Wondering what is happening at Non-Human conference.
damn i miss Entourage
Kobe looked funny af' with the mask on for is broken nose, lol!
awesome life decision.
Impressions I'm getting from the too cool for school crowd: "There's only one way to do anything, and that's the way we do it." Smells like?
whoo just got back from the burton store ladies night! love the hook-ups heading off to greektown for some din.
LMAO... gotta keep it safe
true statement! I was there.
Amazing night tonight for the all the KDA solos, duets and groups. You all shined so bright. Congrats to the overall winners!
that sounds like it would be awful to put together
#CocaCola brought back the polar bears!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> RT : Feels like i never leave this place and i relle kinda dont . Another day with my girls stay blessed everyone !
At work
Agreed! I love how the Hags-Richards-Gaborik line is playing
“Let a smile be your umbrella, and you’ll end up with a face full of rain." ~George Carlin
Mountain was pretty off the hook today.. Nobody there.. Rode crazy hard, but glad to be home early lots of day left with the family!!
It's Friday! Let's get f**ked up!
(BTW...that's my score on a non-championship course!) LOL
Heading to now...Josh is going to print his own Made in America Tshirt!
Salad and black beans flow
had my first session of 2012 at Quonset Hut; pulled a "one-take nancy"...starting the year off right
Toys r us is the cheapest place to buy toys I got buzz an woody movie life size replicas for 100 dollars I have them both with right know
It took 8 years of being a vegetarian to convince my toddler like taste buds to give in to veggies and embrace them
I feel like a broken record, but I am still working on the book. I can see the end in site, though! It's coming together, and I'm so glad.
your dad is gonna say something lol
Yes boo so you need to try out too!!!!
What u up to this morning???
4 p.m. Tomorrow. Upstairs at Firehouse No. 7 on S.E. 11th and Stark. PR 3.0 like it's never been before. Naked. Just kidding. We hope.
make an exception!!
Trane EarthWise Solutions Used in Cooling Plant at King Abdullah Financial ... - Zawya (registration) (press release)
Start your day at #drupa with a special performance by du Soleil. Come to hall 8b NOW - starts in 8 mins
Daddy has just started calling me "celebrity" cuz I have so many followers haha =)
Nice. I've been playing with different platforms. Been using Tumblr for reading responses & convo. May try Posterous next.
RT : RT : Hussein Obama has done to Our Presidency what Lorena Bobbitt did to John Wayne Bobbitt!
A 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere
You'd have typed that in the "sarcastic" font if there was one, right?
I don't think the wind ever stops blowing in the Midwest.
it's fun being older
lol I know you are
Goodbye for now
My boy got a #fridaywinner today...time to #celebrate!
Get properly sauced and still make your 8am econ class! Earn awesome #Belly rewards like FOUR sauce cups for your Pokey Stix at
Follow me, please.
we're gonna party all night, have the time of our lives lolool
damn i was about to jump
Chuck Brown, the creator of Go-Go music, passed away yesterday in DC.
another idea - widgetized staff client leading to the Koha "app store"
will you please follow me it would mean the world to me
This is once of those beautiful summer nights where I dont want to go to sleep... But it's technicaly winter...
Damn her AVI is proper......I'm on my break right quick
Powerful Dreams Inspire Powerful Action.
I'll defer that to , but lets just say, me likey.
Happy Birthday from the home of Boise
#imagine *Liam gently kisses your cheek, you blush* Liam: I love it when you blush, it proves u really love me, like I love you.<U+2665>
Tomorrow I'm going to work on those mad procratination skills of mine. Or maybe Tuesday.
Don't judge a book by its cover... unless it's a Playboy.
He was quite the partier back the day songs aren't made like that anymore.
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Split Pea with Ham, & Chili
It's about that time for a forever girl
ill represent u. long as we get back to them college dropout days
AgreedRT : #amazingmommytweet RT : I #LIVE for my Zoey...She really is the only thing that matters to me in life ;)
Yo. Just met you at Charmington's.
Is it time for breakfast yet?
Love , Never Knew What I Was Missing . But I Knew Once We Started Kissing .
When I need sleep, I can't sleep. When I need to do work, I can always sleep. This kills me.
Not sure on whiteboard, I got sample but I'm just now working with the blackboard material - email me:
5 days left! I almost can't believe it.
Idk They Was Just Randomly Talking Mess About Me Then Started Mentioning Me
Don't limit yourself. Lots of people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
a coat of many colors my momma made for me, always the step sister!! My wardrobe can't compare to Tara, and drew!
try watching andy reid and his staff...
New follower here. Follow me. I might say something interesting.
Brausse Group is offering 1 40" automatic die cutter, model 1050SE at discounted price to any Buyer that can take delivery in next 30 days.
I totally had to pause my Sex and the City just for that play!
Watching the main event
BINGO! Anyone know what 111111111111 means in binary?
#astd10 who can I look forward to possibly meeting at the celebration?
Special Event: “Inspiring Minds” Speaker Gloria Steinem
ikr. Do u have an idea what i could you? xD
New computer is official, and now I can tweet all day... I mean, in between important work projects.
Class at the SERF today; Hey , any chance I could double major in Weight Lighting & Racquetball?
All of the ads for shakira on YouTube are in Spanish
hey babe try texting me something right now. Internet should be working but it won't send a text as iMessage for some reason
Thanks Lisa! See you Friday at ?? MT
#RUMOR James Harden's going to donate his beard to the Dallas Sweeping Foundation to make a broom.
soo like followed me :D day started good already \^o^/
Heartbroken to hear about Whitney Houston ='(
it's from a year in the making....
Yay! I just had mine yesterday! I pray for a swift and safe labor and delivery. Hang in there! :)
People who are 100% satisfied with their lives frighten me.
yes I'm am! Haha I just wanna rape him lol but yay! Haha
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
Demonstrators now moving downtown in May Day March
oh yea. happy birthday pduckee
" has provided support for decades."- Chris Mallette, exec. director Chicago Violence Reduction Strategy at
That's why I don't really talk to mine. Still a lot of tension, I just have to leave it alone and do me. As should u.
Holy Cross in command over Clay County in 2nd half. HC big man Tony Campbell is tough. 14pts 10rebs 5 blocks in 1st half.
Here we go!
I've had a lot on my mind lately but it's stuff I don't want to share on Twitter. So, I'm still around just not as jovial.
The "social voice" - FB, Twitter and Blogs is now much larger and more meaningful than all "old" media combined, newspapers, magazines, etc
During our pre-launch, all our initial 10 designs are only $9.95/sheet plus free shipping. Normally $14.95. Great deal!
Ready now?
Thanks to President Jenkins-Scott for all courtesies shared College & the tour of Boston with that special moment in Mattapan
Awkwardly hiding behind the living room door cus I don't wanna do chores lol
Reason #2 I love #hockeyradio-"And he hustles back to the defensive zone like the barn's on fire & he's got the last bucket of water."
you Shouldve known inviting us over would lead to debauchery
I don't play baseball but I hit a home run everywhere #everywhere Where are you going tonight??? #stayinin?
#worstxmasgift Not only a two VHS tape version of the made for TV "Merlin" starring Sam Neil, but also the script and a poster. Thanks, Mom.
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
#NP I choose you -Mario <3
Matty in the morning tripped on a wire and the Live Stream to concert went down! #Fox keep him away from
NO DONT REMIND ME. omfg im gonna cry
Oh. Yeah. I had to switch to hootsuite after that.
hahah little bastards
Thanks for the gorgeous photos of the Chihuly installation! Will there be any action to watch if I drop by tomorrow?
I think you could just go with What Makes You Beautiful? Gotta have the ? though!
We are working on getting a new promotion schedule ready. We hope you have enjoyed our freebies. Any food promo suggestions let us know.
Tmz is saying NFL Star Junior Seau committed suicide ... shot himself
Finally get to see stamp. Seski not patient. About time. Want party to start!
DOH! Sydney return is NYE, 1st day back in the chair shortly thereafter. Actually can't wait for the real world again!
i want to send you some:) where can i send it to?
very cool, have fun today! Im slightly jealous!!
Bwaha! That's great! I think their should be more MCs who get the flu, sneeze a lot, etc.
"Blah blah blah, blah blah and blah blah blabidy blah" - A Blah enthusiast & a dabbler in all things blabidy.
glad to hear you're enjoying the app!!!
swedish fish for me and m&m's for matt :)
God I can't even imagine the pain your feet will probably be in. Your heels are crazy.
I can officially say that a weekend with no plans is the best thing ever.
follow me on Instagram if u have 1, i promise i follow everyone back(: and i'll like your photos<3 : Peter Joan Grande
THEN GET OFF MY FUCKING NUTS. THIS STARTED OVER FUCKING BVB.
Seriously just had someone ask what the megapixels were on a 35mm camera....
RT help us find #ChristianLopez Yankee fan we have a present for you! Nice guys finish 1st! contact
Thanks for the follow! I hope you enjoy the reviews.
Gym time yippee!! Listening to a podcast is a rad way to inspire yourself & make 1/2hr cardio feel like 10mins! Let's do this!
Have been away from HTML for too long. We no longer see eye to eye it seems.
Best of the Artists Series Opens this Thursday at 6pm at St. Lawrence Gallery 3556 N. Ocean. Blvd. in Ft. Lauderdale.
Seeking Legal Product Specialists and Managers to be responsible for all aspects of SEC registration for an assigned group of mutual funds!
No... that's what makes there love crazy physco!!
Off to the movies...
I've cut back a bit on social media due to the demands inherent in a new role. Been at it 4 years though &find it valuable
Pulling an all nighter for B-Fest... and the movies haven't even started yet! Hopefully we'll have something good for you by morning!
Is ANYONE ONLINE???????
Take home some sweet treats for the weekend! Sweet Miss Giving's has delightful baked goods ready to go!
me: Hannah, we are going for a walk. Hannah: oh! can we go for a walk in the jungle? I pick the jungle!
waiting for 12 too see how many free agents are signed by the sabres... my guess, 0
Nutella and marshmellows?! That's a first...
I have so much faith in my team. I can't even put it in words...
well we will get our wish...Melo to play on Sunday.....and do may JR Smith.....
At 9am on 6/27, Rob Rojas paddled 24hrs straight to raise $ through the “Tread on #Trafficking” campaign!
#HungerGames was amazing im in #Love can wait for the next movie
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~Bill Cosby
So glad it's #Friday! So excited for all the fun things happening this #weekend!! :)
Good lord Ty Lawson.
Oh, I'm sorry. You are in my prayers!
Right, I think I may have just made an Internet friend, is that weird. I mean I have no intention of meeting this person so does it matter?
6:45 followed by The Shins
I don't think so
Fair winds and following seas, Wake! Great career and #RedSox HOF. We thank you for your loyalty and leadership, but it is time. Cheers!
On the beach chillin
Ramseyer. The froyo place is in Upper Arlington. I can drive.
Wish I didn't have to go to work today.
back is very sore from cheer...camp in 2 days!
The average college student watches 24.3 hours of TV per week. You might have time for a part-time job after all!
- another round by fat joe & Chris brown is my new favorite song <U+2764>
Never change yourself, people will always remember you as who you were anyway.
Not yet, Jenna! I'm not ready for snow yet...I'm cold!
getting ready to pop in shower! Then I will figure it out!
watching Drake and Josh ! :D
What you on Mil?
Time to Pretend - MGMT
“: Sharon Stone!” No, but I would love to work with her! Maybe be next time.
I just added Dindi and It Could Happen To You to my collection! Thanks for Great Music!
Some people are better off walking into the restaurant than going through the drive thru
Bruised, beaten, and tired courtesy of 4 year old in the bed with me last night. Ugh.
Rodney Mullen - so good to be here at USC because I have escorted off campus so many times
One of the best fridays in a long time.
A - To find of good writing coming out of meetups, & work with broader THATCamp community to work out how to use this stuff
hope u and Austin are gonna be ok in this tornado storm
Toenail #fungus: Clean the diseased nails with white vinegar using a cotton swab and apply some Viks VapoRub.
If reading ppts to us wasn't bad enough, now somebody else reads to us from on-line. I'm shocked more teachers aren't complaining.
Roar bongs>
Waiting on to pick me up from the aeropuerto... StArViNqqqq..!:$!...
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Big fan of Loyola's Jimmy Patsos-Wish him and his Greyhounds GL in a tough draw against OSU - Any Loyola backers out there tonight?
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfaces&ur money is soon worthless.
KRod...ouch. That sucks.
Good God it's morning...
please follow and i follow :D
#spurs what a great fit for you but disappointed you're no longer in Portland! Miss #towel #enthusiasm and #3goggles big time.
yeah they are the worsted :/ stupid unfollowers
is it? Still says by invitation only
yes! our chart is only a guide :)
The same principle that works for "saving" faith works for "active" faith. Heart believes -Mouth confesses - unto the benefits of salvation
High correlations for voting on tree doppelgangers. Who knew?
The only thing am ready for today is getting out of school to watch younow
Death. Via AP literature -___-
My bro just got Fireballed. Feel like I did the first time he got quoted in the FT. Pretty cool.
Looking forward to an afternoon of Sugar Skull decorating for Create Club and #diadelosmuertos!
#show Love Spell Entertainment I am sure there is a fine line I've just haven't found it channel surfing Killer Comeback
You're welcome - enjoy!
I have 11 mosquito bites on my arms, legs, one on my foot, and one on my wrist.
Wow, the weather got beautiful and warm really suddenly!
We stayed in the Gaslamp Quarter over 4th of July. Tons to do there, too.
End of semester busy time at the #WKU Store-Glasgow. ATP (orientation) for incoming freshmen and day of textbook sell back.
Yo are you going to the game today?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hope it's been a great day!
maybe I'll just have to plan a road trip so you can draw another.
Chris stopped making sense, mumbled something, then fell asleep propped up at the bar while watching Logan's Run. ...game off.
Do any of you know any men who wear those man sock garters?
RT : GOD will Forgive BUT don't KEEP on Repeated the same Sins OVER & OVER. - #Amen! We can't take his love and grace for granted
Imagine if biggie and tupac were still alive...we wouldn't have half of these gay ass rappers in the game if that was so
#ThingsMyMotherSays how was your day??
Hey Steph, I'm fine. The worst of the storms are over. :hug: No worries. :)
my zombie weakness=wanting to help stick back on all their falling off bits, or asking did you loose this? skill=invisibility
It's hard to see that upswing in medieval this year, but I'm glad that it's up for other subfields!
I just got back from Texas, only seems fitting to go out to a nice steak dinner with the homies
You rock Emily:)
working on our popular imprinted wine bottle openers for clients holiday gifts.
Loved AfterMath at Matrix as well. Long time friend Mark Taylor directed. Daniel Taylor terrific as well.
Sup cuz how's baseball? Haven't talked to you in a while
Ha, thanks. I could say the same of you guys.. “: #FF Soon to be taking over the world. #indy”
If you ever want to make cry, just show her videos of the #Reds hitting walk-off home runs.
Aside from a handful of guys boxing is missing the good trainers,
Ok, everyone go follow right now -- soon, our sports mgmt students will be all over this great Olympics travel site!
fuck squat and dead lift
follow me <3
Thanks for the tweets about our radio show!!
Ouch, this game is turning ugly. Brewers have played a fairly good game, up until this inning.
Its gameday! And bah!, I think im coming down with a cold.
If this is true... A) Chicago sports can't catch a break. B) I still blame thibs. C) Jesus Christ man this is not fair....
Be extra sure to tell the Red & Black that you're there tonight to see your favorite band, The Orchid!
WHY. THE. FUCK. DO. WE. HAVE. TWO. LUNCHES.
3 Weeks from today I will be in Vegas for #MayweatherCotto can't wait.
Thanks! I will keep them coming.
Aw, bummer. Have a great trip and congratulations on your book!
Anyone applying for a grant? Any #grantwriting hints/tips you'd like to share, particularly for the Individual Artist one?
BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS.
APES exam done, one more to go. On to psych now!
I did ! Lol , I gotta new number , unless u changed urs
And she needs to take BHO with her! Please, let me hold the door for you!
I am having so many mixed feelings right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
HOE I WANT MY FOLLOW BACK BEFORE I GO UP THERE AND SLAP YOU
Hm maybe I need more hashtags? # Hashtags
Yesterday was good. Today is a bit of a mess... better luck tomorrow.
Great meeting at the 43rd District Democrats!
hey hey sis
We love it when acoustic musicians join our fb community, welcome Taylor Swift!
had an amazing weekend in Athens & Huntington, excited to hit Lexington Saturday... AMERICA!
yes Becca. Constantly. You got me pegged.
I love so much! She's my idol <3
true but, tests do their job. for the most part stan tests are good indicators of academic performance
The press box suite and field tour yesterday at the mariners game yesterday was a great experience. Thank you Kelly Fox
i pray i have a good day
thx! I had fun at the game with Team Patsos!
I knew there was someplace I was going today! Dang. Which ones do you have?
amount of time then I try a diff pain med. Its a visc cycle.
"Guys.. shut the fuck up, and be quiet!"
ATT: all my San Diego peeps! Coffey will be singing live at the Rock church Jan 15th...all 5 services! Don't miss it! It's gonna be awesome!
More submissions and more auditions!
Hoping this redbull gives me wings
Good morning CRJ alumni! Please remind your parents that the Alumni Parent Workshop is tomorrow, Tuesday, December 6th, at 6 p.m. at CRJ!
Brittany got me the entire series for Christmas. To say it was the greatest gift ever would be an understatement.
And possible going to Cons :D
I indirectly motivate a lot of people and that's scary. Whether its the responsibility of that or confusion of "why me?", I'll never know.
this girl watching Netflix in class...damn.
Yes! “: From Don Shirley: There are more AEA contract shows in L.A. than we think! GREAT NEWS, ACTORS!
Jumping in the shower
Hi Brian, Romo banged up right hand on a pass rush, out for the game. Lanny Bassham
thanks so much for following!!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement. - Napoleon Hill
Wad up boy!
Up late cus of personal issues I had to deal w/ unfortunately. Plus, I didn't get home til 2:30 am haha
Any posters left? I would love one!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
« I never truly get you.»
Bus ride to Dallas for our first conference game!!
MT: Speaker:"Digital publishing is print+plus!"//I think that means you're doing it wrong. (need 2 stop somethings)
way to give me credit >.>
Ok, so go past the hey there's something bad on this site screen so I can fix it?
I'm officially changing my business card title to "Pastiche Design Genius"
Everything is so fucKingly boringly straight!
omg why do you show me these things. and why aren't we nordic.
well that's bc it's a baby donkey! And it is adorbs!
NEW MANCHESTER ORCHESTRA SINGLE OUT TODAY! INSANELY TASTY!
simply go to the app store, download Bartab & enjoy $1 drinks all over Chicago! DM your email & maybe we'll send ya a drink ;)
Good night Alex! :D
Happy Mothers Day :)
Reminder to folks that the hashtag has migrated to
I was tortured with Mexican Flags and prairie fires.
I believe epic != collection of stories. I believe epic == placeholder of a goal or idea. Stories may result but no guarantee
If faculty stress the importance of materials, librarians will notice and give the collection more attention.
Q: Best dress at the Golden Globes?
here I am
Yes, but don't get too comfortable. The best is yet to be.
RT!!! ": Some girls are clueless."
let da tricks fall while u ball
Working on a new charcoal illustration for you :)
Day 2 of crazy nap dreams. No naps tomorrow.
Unfortunately I had to take a flight right back to NOLA after my interview to get to work, but the projects Show looked amazing.
Its friday :))
Ugh I h8 lectures so much just get 2 the point and be done, period.
omg that is cute
Attacked by mosquitoes already ... crap!
#KatyPerry rocking out tonight on American
But It's all good.. Cuz I still dont give a fuck
Just saw a bunch of paps snapping pics at hollywood and vine of a guy knocked out on the street...I can't wait to be famous!
My dog smells like Doritos...
That was a terrible call ref!!! Ridiculous.
Actually work on all my wedding planning action items! That, and spend the extra time with my wonderful fiance!
When you're sad you must smile; When you're happy you must laugh; When you're weak you must stay strong!
I have already masturbated to it. Delete!
Joss Whedon is a genius. That is all.
Is it time for Beer Can Chicken Chilaquiles yet? See you at brunch this weekend!
Alpha-1 Symptoms: Vomiting blood (from enlarged veins in the esophagus or stomach), Decreased exercise tolerance, #charity, alpha1
I swear this mofo need to grow the fm up!stupid <U+E004>
Ha! I imagine and have many stories to tell.
Let's all agree that a high school principal should just be a high school principle. Ok? That would be easier. Thanks.
dork :b morning
I let my ring do my talking.
Driving 10 hours to Nashville to pick up the kid. I'm sitting on a tennis ball cuz my hamstring is killing me.
watching bad luck teddy right now (:
my url on my profile >>>>>
VIDEO - "Ogladaj TV"
a good one too. Sucks for them, they're mission out on a great guy.
is about to take Willie Nelson's advice, because I'm getting "On the Road Again."
Brushing boyfriends niece's hair (:
got both numbers. you may want to delete the tweet with you numbers on it :)
We all love dinner and a movie, but if your family often eats dinner in front of the TV, your couch may need an upholstery cleaning!
Life is short, break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, N never regret anything that made U smile.
i like cheese i like cheese
Hey LOVE we are following you!!
How is RCF prep going?
Using code from Proximity (for ) in #Hive (for Xbox) :D ...the benefits of having a life full of hexagons!
Been running around to meetings al day! What did we miss??
okay good because we still better have the same crew and not the newbies. lol
Wish your car was better? We save you #money on your auto maintenance through
Ain't nobody can drive 70mph eating an egg mcmuffin while talking about republicans quite like your father.
"Oracle - Sunken Earth" is a quick read, and it's only $0.99 www.trisefbook.com
Peach Milkshakes arrive at at the end of June
It's all an act Margie. He adores me ;) You need to move here. Looking forward to seeing you Parissa.
": Am I the only who never heard of Adele until tonight?" «you got to do better
It's great that the fans are taunting Rondo. He is a nothing against Rose!
Smokn loud every hit like a 808 hopped a plane aint seen my lane since it was 8:08
omg good morning!!! Sheeeesh
thanks*** hello) how are you?
I'm screwed. RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour can increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
came to visit me..... #eastafricanbeauty :)
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them" ~Walt Disney
Like really? Was that necessary? -_-
your a good guy <3(:
Surround yourself with great people, stay inspired, have fun.
Aww Tim Gunn is a sweetie:) I had fun doing "The Revolution"!
where are the plans we made for two?
That was your shit
Sad day for the racing world. 5 lap salute to Dan Wheldon. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends during this horrible time.
Student papers almost graded. No way to do justice to the #BritishNovel in one semester, but damn if we didn't try.
are you doing baking or cooking??
Come enjoy sounds by , , , and many more! is underway!
ahhhhhahaha, oh I miss you so.
People who were forced to 'like' in order to rage on the company's page.
“: #TroubleMaker” lol no that would be (Rick Ross)
#NF a great NY host enhancing one show at a time!
God dammit. The sun's up. I forgot to go to bed.
I'm confused =\
I said brother lol
There must be a plague covering Chicago, so many people are sick :(
without a doubt! Are you thinking about making the trip down?
LIVE LIFE, LAUGH OFTEN, LOVE GOD!
It's going to be a long weekend and DAY/NIGHT. Aye
awesome! See u soon...best get dressed then I reckon...
thank you! I can't wait to hear what you think.
so go back farther than that. Look at the team not making "sell" moves at deadline in 09, 10. Or even father back to Lee trade.
Thanks Sarah! I look forward to learning more about you as well. I have a Daughter named Sarah, so you must be awesome!
RT : Can't even sleep. I need some attention
40% off sale at Blick Art Supply today! ... Sweet !!
Nothing like a photo shoot to get my mind off of things <U+E008><U+E424><U+E31D> <U+E253>
Quite frankly, I'm glad the #Southern #Baptist #Convention kept "Southern" in its name. Anything else would be false advertising.
Super excited!!! RT : We could not have done it without you! See you tomorrow at the #ChocoTweetup!
S/O to my Asian friend from Canada :)
Swirling head, swollen heart.
hell yeah I looked on yours this morning and saw all those pictures It made me wanna change mine
some one got past those chompers?
“: we spent what little bit of money we had on wintergreen skoal and mainstreet gas”
if you go to Jack Rabbits with me tonight, I'll pay for you to go to the zoo when we go! Pretty please?
niggas know if they dont then they bitch does
I like sweatshirts and t-shirts, not fancy blouses. Get over it people.
Keeping time is a cognitive skill. Time Management is Emotional Intelligence. Watch for next week's blog on "got no time".
Now Playin The Warm Up By J.Cole... A Fucking Classic.
Never bow to a space zombie.
just received an SQL error when accessing a website on curating databases. OOPS!
HOPEFULLY! they win!
how do you create lists in Twitter?
Dear , house R's already passed a budget plan. If D's won't accept it, let them come to you! Stand your ground, sir.
Little bit
#FuckItttttttttttt Im In This Bitch.
Thank you so much for coming out to support WPA! You're the best!!
Today is going to be interesting... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If you want people to become passionate about a subject, forcing them to learn it in school is just about the worst way I can think of.
to play Magic the card game - even out here in the sticks.
yep. No idea.
already did
Sorry to all my Boston friends, but I am hoping to see the Patriots get smacked today!
lol! We could only hope it would.
I SAW ALPACAS TODAY. They are so cute<3 I'm gonna come back and steal one.
Italian day, Pizza at Pizzeria Regina, then Cannoli and Espresso at Modern Pastry in the North End
Raise the Jolly Roger with Nelson Cruz and the #Pirates taking two in a row from the #Dbacks!
thank you .
follow back
For one off kind of thing Skype would be ok--it's good quality video if connection good.
Um.. I didnt know that was a cop at the door. but I yelled "You`re not allowed!!" when they knocked. I thought it was my cousin.=O
Best text of the night: they aren't going to say who the mother is and I'm going to be frustrated
I swear my phone never goes off unless she txt or call me......right now she sleep #WeAllWeGot 04/14/12
Good!! Willpower is overrated, especially when cupcakes are involved.... Happy birthday.
Did you know that there will be three #HSFB games in Ireland in 2012. Tune-in to High School Football America tomorrow to find-out more.
You can follow the global No Pants Subway Rides with #npsr, or #nopantsaz for the local shenanigans!
All unsigned #artists #rappers #singers amateur #models #producers for further exposure get @ me.
Thursday, new songs in the works. Have to get through my job first though........
U only get 1 First impression so make em WOW!!!
What are you doing?
With #easter coming late this year, many in Hong Kong are combining Easter Monday with Labour Day to create a week long holiday.
I never would have believed the police would be necessary at a chess tournament.
you should of put, all my friends and atleast half of my enemies...
I'd be happy with "40 Acres & a Mule"!
Conference call with Jealous?
"uxorious"--she's excessively fond of her wife? ;)
We LOVE your ad campaign! Beautiful! We are featuring it on our website at www.swop-colorado.com. MUCH LOVE to you!!!!
Back from a 2-mile walk. Think I will eat a pickle now.
Ha ha ha. I think I shall stay where I am at for a while. How are things at the big V?
I thought all BR conf call hold music was just talking in his smooth voice telling you to hold
yes you will
There are 10 million African Americans who are eligible to vote who have not registered, and that's just African Americans.
I wish you'd just take the time to prove it to me..
what is that face for?
I just talked to both my cousins and on the phone #missyouloveyouwanttoseeyou <3
Not a good way to start off the season Red Sox! 0-3, SMH! Not happy with them at all right now.
Do it!!! MT I'm scared of music vids. An artist I love asking me to do one now, but... I think it's truly an art. 3 minutes? Yikes.
when you comming to the A we need some Quick in our lives!!!!!
Thanks for the RT about our update.
Yep. It appears the more MWP/Artest changes, the more he stays the same.
Ur welcome! Thanks for following me! :) I'll spread the word.
What a great weekend! How did you celebrate Mother's Day?
Aww, I hate not being to sleep. :(
you are too cute.
Matt! thanks!
Took Yogi to Vet to retrieve one of the girls Toy Tube North Amer. mammals collection. He ate and spit out buffalo, this prob. is the deer.
my doggy is so cute he sleepin my bed nd his head is on my pillow nd he has the cutest puppy face riite now :)
I used to have one and she made life much easier. Much much easier. But Google has really helped bridge gap.
: so excited for Mariners baseball!
You are refusing to accept that #LinkedData is about "Linkable Data" via Hyperlink enhanced Structured Data Representation.
We have a delicious brunch that we serve every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-4pm. Come check it out!
So yea. Ima go to sleep now.
you guys got it? We can play games against each other on there now if you did
well hey there haha
Super Stubborn Coffee Girl. Turns out "Cat Woman" was taken.
Is there anything better than watching the #Cubs get crushed at Wrigley?
now how do I do that?!
Hurry up and catch up! The end should be epic!
I love this!!
Do you follow and have you read the "fact sheet" about the debt deal? If you do & have, plz find me a fact.
Happy Hump Day!!! :)
Brie or goat, please.
Good luck to our AP Comp Sci and AP Spanish guys who are testing today!
I suck at twittering if I don't keep up w/my timeline...
can i have a shoutout please? love u sm
hey Hope Everything is goin good for u taylor
wah !!! Well when Is it good for all of us to go .. Or I'll go twice !
Here comes goodbye <3
undress me with your eyes, your in for a suprise, whats underneath my exterior - <3
thanks Lexi girl!! (: hope your day is lovely!
The play test isn't out yet right? I signed up I thought.
Better #tonguetwister "the wrestling #russell westbrook wears an irish wrist watch on"
Leaving work now to get to Miller Park! Go #Brewers!
Youu a Bad girl & ya friendss Bad Too . #Me&MyTeam
LADIES WE HAVE PURSES!!!!
2 suspicious envelopes w/white powder found at Portland airport &downtown Hilton.Hazmat crews on scene. reports 6:30.
This biweekly happening is to dedicated coupon clippers what the full moon was to Druids.
fun time at tenjune:)
try a migraine that knocks you out from pain that i can only describe as shot gun to the chest. Thanks to Vicodin 10mg plus!
So I'm changing my last name today. Initials officially going from ASH to ASS.
The song What Makes You Beautiful sounds like Kidz Bop loll.... sorry
oh yeah!.... I'm hanging out with her today..... HAHAHAHA
I Been Followed that person..!
40 minute run-walk during lunch break & I feel much better.
I luh them amazon joints. 160+lbs
NY Times erratum today: "Baku is a city of more than 2 million people, not a 'seaside village.'"
MAVC closed today...all practices are canceled for this evening.
RT : RT : Nonprofits added jobs faster than for-profits during last 10 years: report
I remember when you were trying to get 15,000 followers. Now you have over 400,000! Im so proud
I think should call and leave Me a nice voicemail to help me get through my day!? please?
I can't wait to see what's in store for Saturday! You are quite the wild one!
Most Definitely. I'll get on that ASAP. I should have a short bio for you very soon.
ayyee call me!
Myself and are looking forward to it!
Hold up. Coffee as a cardinogen. That's just wrong. Pickled vegetables, maybe (excluding cukes)
Today was amazing, goodnight everyone <3
Finished #reading THE OBSIDIAN BLADE by Pete Hautman. Cliffhanger ending. Didn't get to meet the cat.
... So, in order the fact that we are part of the crew, in order that we think the same, we will do the same. Morning Blue Pearl....
really? Wow that's dumb. Twitter needs to stop being drunk. Hahaha
Because of labor budget I have to cut 1/4 of my plot - chip away? or start over?
It's like I'm finally awake, and you're just a beautiful mistake.
Subway, yes. <3 #food>people
I get better musically each time...2nd2none
Also, I've got a lot on my plate right now. I'm my own boss & a full-time mechanic...
did my dissertation on adult 1st generation students. There are a really fabulous and courageous group. Thank u 4 the focus
"Adrenaline"......you will thank me.
Spot trending now in Lombard, IL: Mrs. Fields - Dessert (live updates)
Finally I blocked her :)
Ha! You win.
</inside joke> MT : u are a doll. i sure am! tagging -- he deserves some laura love 2. BRILLIANT.
mayweather dont want any part of pacman but i hope there are better days for.boxing coming up ahead in the future
It was a great event, but nowhere near as fab as the ones they've had in Denver! ;)
#Can I Live
Hoop Hour tonight at Brackets...come join ur Mustang coaching staff!
Woo!!! Chase Budinger over Diddy!!! Slam Dunk Contest
great minds think a like ? (; haha your gonna marry louis & ill marry liam harry zayn and niall deal? (;
We will be meeting at 6PM on the 2nd Thursday of every month at ZenCha Tea Salon
DERRICK ROSE. DERRICK FELL.
a Hoosier welcome to Twitter
Shiner and cold milk. Not as good as it sounds
If you follow me I'll release 33 and a half chinese nuns from my trunk.
SDCH to distribute toys+food to 1,300+ kids at Holiday Party at Golden Hall, Sat., 12/17, 12 to 3p.
My friend got a deathly hallowed tattoo I'm so jealous
Social search brings trust to search results
home base of the mega church movement...not surprising.
It amazes me how people can't spell my last name when the here it
this guy is annoying -_-
cute. Did you go ?
thanks Bob!
mom said thanks and she loves the cover of "Daughters" It made her cry.
Rushbots are apparently very easily confused… which is, I gather, why he has them as an audience base.
I'm Dress But I Don't Like My Outfit
March 9 - 11 in Cherry Hill, NJ
Not feeling good at all
in the library
lol Kobe has taken 17 shots. 9 more than the 2nd most on the team
#Leaders: You can only assess & evaluate so much, so choose carefully.
go to my bed now late
We would BOTH be helping animals!! i said to my mum i dont want to work with people only animals!
I can't stand the assumption that bc a woman is angry, it's bc she's on her period. It belittles our actions.
how about look up if a contract for life is legal in nfl. Seems like it shouldn't & Adams is just wasting people's time
Doctor says i'm overdoing it in the yardwork department. Mayhaps I should be (gasp) actually writing again!
For the 1st quarter of 2012, the S&P 500 Index surged 12% while the Dow jumped 8.1% making it the best first quarterpercentage gain sinc
BahahahaRT : "Everybody is beautiful in thier own way" -Someone Ugly
STBs! Sexually transmitted babies!
oh yeah haha
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Make sure you grab the current issue of Fangoria... I'm on the cover with the likes of Johnny Depp and John Cusak for THE THEATRE BIZARRE!
#nevershoulduever -disreespect ur mom or a lady it isnt rite at all
locked myself out of my ipod:/ gotta go to the apple store and fix it might aswell get a new ipod!:)
Thanks! Great to see you, too.
I get jealous because I care.
Hello Twitter friends. I'm back. Miss me? LOL
I cnt wait!!
we need to hangout and play cod or something!!
actually eat like 5 for me cuz i really want a taco right now
i wish i was as spoiled as these kids sitting courtside at the Lakers game...
Thanks for the lead! call Mary at 919-876-5997 and we will get you the right person to speak with.
I need to stop looking at all the nummy food on during lunch.... making me so hungry!!!
&#9825; Take a LOOK Camera Detector Pro Protect your home RonPaul
"Love it , so up lifting : Went to church this morning by watching BET morning services"
Alright. New half.
I'm ready to get this party started!!! So excited and much love to Greg & Lin!!
I can tell that burrito really got the best of you
Got a taste for homemade potato salad
Check us out at Dunkxchange on Feb.14 in Vegas (Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip) from 5-10pm. Special prices just for that day, so don't miss it
Update: kid is back with no food. So you ate it at the restaurant while I was watching your things?
Thank you so much! Working on some new tunes currently. Do you play music?
I got one 2 weeks ago. Meg is waiting for one to show up again, so let me know if they come back!
Dear auto-play videos: Just don't.
Thanks much MAN! - Appreciate the shout-out man!
I do too! Not hollywood ice cube though, I want the gangster one
nature is beautiful.
staying in tonight ..jus want to sleep
Shirt attempt number two? I like it!
What’s your wildest Monster In-Law story?
He's dead?! Was Kim Jong ill?
Thanks Natasha, I enjoyed the group a lot.
Just looked at my schedule...22 hours next week!
People pay according to the quality of hair. Synthetic hair is cheaper. But "human" hair, you can pay anywhere from $50+ per pack
Learning my way through #mailchimp!!
I just coined this phrase you might like: Go positive or go home!
#Raw Somebody call my momma!
I would be honored to tell the story on your web site. How do I proceed?
network gatekeeping theory - multiple aspects of contrl (inform., power, relationships) - need to look at the persp of the "gated"
When the circumstances are too hard to face, that's when we go looking for a second opinion.
I'd like to discuss THE MISSION LAS VEGAS with you. I think you may be interested in its sustainability and social focus.
thanks! Glad you found it useful!
Hip hop stand up! Pittsburgh salute! We are single handily emerging in hip hop thanks to &
definitely the new joint for friday nights :-)
Championship Tuesday in tennis and golf
Goodnite Twitter! (: Hope to have more followers in the morning. I follow back! (: <3
Just saw Dr Kermis at the movies hahaha the man does not dress down
Any estimate would be statistically significant with that sample size. Call it a population and drop the stats.
Thx Alex!! RT : For people traveling on 465 north at the junction of 86th watch out for #cops doing radar
I just don't understand how people believe in evolution. I do not get it. At all.
I Got My Belly pierced!
Greenpeace activists arrested after Sweden protest
And how very dashing you will look too.
If money didn't change yaa u didn't make enough
I still don't get why #LittleBear is nude and his parents dress in Victorian garb!?!?!?! And why doesn't he eat duck & hen.
anything by Dave Koz :)
What's wrong with two bitches in a dress?
I was on the road by 6:00 am-Hope your Monday in Asheville was fun and you got back to LA with no delays :)
Looks pretty fake. Silly people.
Its a #HappySaturday because its my birthday it fills great to be 19
All fashion bitches out there, how do you manage to wear blazers and scarfs(even they are summer stuffs) in this weather? I'm too sweaty
any #DCdesign jobs in?
RT : #NeverShouldYouEver judge someone without knowing them
We are right next to each other but it feels like we are so far apart.
Apparently it's only class warfare when the lower classes fight back.
My life would be shit without My Taylor <3 #ImSoInLove. Almost 3 years Baby! #AwwYiss! P.L.U.R.<3
Grateful Dead "Here Come Sunshine" from #dickspicks1 def the best version they ever played.
I hate when I run over an illegal immigrant and they have the nerve to ask to mow my lawn.
I have one C & it's in history. I hate history
Watchin the comebacks,this shit is comedy!
oh man im bored ready to go home
what happened ?
How many days?? And can we please have a celebration and/or sleepover the day you two get here? :)
Can my bus maybe not be late cause I kinda have an AP to take..
LOL Where u at
you need to calm down and stop tweeting so much! My timeline is going crazy..
Yall wanna know the kinds of things my mind wonders about? Watch the movie INKUBUS. IF U BELIEVE IN ANGELS THEN U HAVE TO BELIEVE IN DEMONS!
Tomorrow 8am-10am: Receive a 5-quart non-synthetic oil change for $29.99 and a FREE tire rotation!!! Not valid with any other offer.
Is it acceptable to go to five guys by yourself
Gave a beggar 75 cents. He gave me a tip on a c-box for my car = better gas mileage. He used to work for Chrysler. #Humbled by humanity
Stoked for the grand opening March 10th...Hell of a deal too!
Is a walrus the same thing as a sea lion? I feel like I shouldn't have to ask this at my age, but I really don't know.
#FromThisDayForward i will ignore everything she says
So you're telling me that guy I made out with on the street wasn't ?? That's on my list of oh-no-no's
Sleepless night at hotel due to annoying high-pitch tone coming from across the street. :(
Another #Spinners break... 18-13 lead over #Constitution 5 mins left in regulation.
Hey Q102! Great to see you connected on Twitter!
get on amanda diva's new mixtape too, . and come back to the city, you need to get from under that rock
Just checking in to check out the scene before checking out.
Excited that our company Holiday party is this weekend. We get to have drinks and dinner with the dinosaurs!
#dhtrial 2nd most interesting : watching the settlement Judge Bixon's court while parties moved between rooms in talks today. Fascinating.
Oh it looks awesome, great job!! I see the #BillGates quotes is still up there :)
My allergies are so bad it's utter misery!! WTF is growing here in Michigan..lol
i miss you dude!!!
A true rock legend and his sax were silenced! The "Big Man" will be missed. RIP Clarence Clemons!
Going to see Conan O'Brien with the wifey and
haha, some of our plugins or whatever only work on firefox. i prefer chrome, honestly
Happy anniversary!!!
Foster Buddies Network Needs Your Help!
I appreciate him keeping team here but other than letting Moore rebuild the minors he has been terrible owner
You're ready to GO! 39 days.
I'm up and starvingg
originally i'm italian. But live in Toronto now
Up in the nose bleeds Still fun tho!
Awesome!! A plus tard!
Editing this video 5 hrs in learned a valuble lesson, just because your own adobe cs5 master collection doesn't mean you know what ur doing
Why are you going to NYC?
Friday 10 and 12. Will you be there?
Wake up & make your dreams come true.
TC HOOLIGANS OF GREECE GIVEAWAY COMING UP IN ABOUT 45 MINS, LISTEN FOR PAULY'S CUE TO CALL 222-KISS!
ha a little bit :p but you know you like it c;
I'd take a jab at Kanye too, and a right hook, upper cut, axe kick, round house, hay maker, arm bar, triangle.. the list goes on...
That looks painful. What happened?
smg : Held the door open for a green eyed mixed gurl She never cracked a smile or said thank you....Baby girl you still a NIGGA!!
true. Not sure what an AP discount is, but team members only get 20% off. Cheaper to golf at Disney with an AP.
We hope that all of our teachers past, present & future had a wonderful Nat Teacher Day! We wld NOT be where we are w/out U!
because of 's beautiful voice, perhaps?
Finally broke down and purchased the Thesis Theme (Developers Option)!
As far as those classes, Direction Concepts, Media Bus. & Enter., Culture in Dig. Age, Avant Garde in Dig. Media, Creative Strat.
Follow me ?!
Doing a show at The 47 Spot,With Dj Da Dre,,,Team Jesus Baby
Im following way too many low-class people.
Day 2 sick with the kids. I'm sure all of my students are using the class blog to work without me right?
might as well cancel the show
Mathematically speaking, your life is the relationship of 1 to infinity. Solve that!
Mauer goes under the knife recently. Now, he's weak, achy with sore joints? Sounds like a staph infection to me. If so, that's not good.
I can tell you how it ends - badly. Heck, I don't even watch the show & I can tell you that.
RT : Richard Serra talks to me about his drawing show today at noon on "The Front Row."
Understandable. Thanks for the feedback!
Really dug your prep for accessibility. And the QR codes on the flyer was brilliant--definitely incorporating that.
“: May 1st. Avoid wal-mart at all cost.” wake up, wake up, wake up its the first of the month
you know what's up.
RT : For god's sake, Baltimore, you can't host a show on Cezanne & Am. modernism -- then close your Am. modernism galleries.
about 15% of women think men will be bad in bed if he has these... what??
LET DOWN
DVR alert 4 Blake Shelton on Tonight Show W/Jay Leno & Lady A on Late Nt W/Jimmy Fallon(NBC).
The Genius of Warhol: that people call him genius for his pop, all whilst being ignorant to real reasons his artistic action made him genius
RIP Dick Clark. You were an American icon & pop culture legend. New Year's will be rockin' a little hard without you.
The 1st half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our kids.
Hey everybody, excited to be joining the team!
Oh No! BTDT Next time use a slow cooker, you can be absent minded and not burn dinner. ;)
Found out that Paul McCartney LOVED the mix of his song that I did for a Linda McCartney Cancer Foundation benefit record! Today = good day!
true. And that's really the only reason I see for a presser announcing NBA bound. Everything else points to the unexpected.
Type Brick In These NY Streets. Bundle Up Son
RT : ppl did not have to "fan" the page to get a bumper sticker so ppl who fan are more likely to be real fans
I dined on several tonight. prefer the bottle to the draft oddly enough. drowning in hops and rain in the city tonight.
Oh! I will have to try the Vinho Verde next time.
lol..wth life it's such a wonderland!!! Just when u think thats it boom u get something extra hm wait fr it,wait fr it pow:)!
#SaySomethin IS AMAZING.. #SOPROUD IT'S PURE PERFECTION.. IT'S HEAVEN , I LOVED IT <3
I almost walked outside with the bird on my head.
follow me
Cheap ass food and drinks all day today.
Tough loss for #Cubs. Dempster looked great.
well unless u know something I don't let me know, I work for state police in Dallas . U?
"One feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be 'happy'' is not included in the plan of ''Creation.''' - Sigmund Freud
Hump day in LA is a lot harder than Boston.
where do you work?
cinnamon rolls for breakfast and rootbeer floats for lunch = (un)productive day!
such a fan.
thanks for reading & tweeting!
Concern for naturalist, David Attenborough. Antarctica is no place for such a nice old man. Stand-up to BBC. Let the old man go home.
@ you're right Henry has really shown up tonight
Since I have no power, can I burn my old #friendster account to stay warm?
I am not a Belieber but that person passed me off because of what she did! She's totally fake!
Don't be slave to other ppl opinion !
#ThingsIwantTheMost A girl that doesn't screw me over in the end
we were friends in Correia
lol yes very true. How's Xia? She in college yet?
please retweet lazy e arena. Monster truck show. Friday and Saturday night
I guess we can blame Obama for this? says top american companies "making money hand over fist" on
I've been seeing a lot of people here in Buffalo wearing these red silicone wristbands with the words "I am..." on them. I finally asked
Swear, if my little brother acts like half the guys I talk to, imma kill him...
I honestly don't know what I am going to do without 's #favoritethings show this year.
To the tiny, tiny container of cheesy, cheesy mac & cheese for $7 from Whole Foods...you get the Totally Worth It award today.
- having problems getting logged in to webinar
because when you live in those boundaries, you start to say, okay, life, it's on. let's make this happen.
Congratulations! What a lovely name too.
I've decided that I will not drink my 2008 Dogfish Head Fort until I complete beer school. What a delicious thing to look forward to!
I told you would take offense to that :)
Our short pilot will be showing tonight at the Hollywood Fringe Fest, with the centerpiece feature, Pure Shock Value. Amazing show!
I feel like I am going to enjoy the summer here :) Airing out the house today
when's that start?
I'm going to guess that you like them? Hahah :)
he's very talented!
Let's go sox!!!
I love you too! <3
Is it 5pm yet??
Quiet, cold wx pattern looks to cont for next 5-7 days across Upper Midwest. Small snow chance awaits come Mon/Tues; NOT significant attm
you can tell me you love me. lmfao. How are you feeling shump?
Thank you very much for the support and feedback. I appreciate the retweet too. Thank You, Kisar
I UNLEASHES MINE 3 HOURS AGO. beastest movie EVER.
My Dad just said how old is that....(we will say Madona to be nice) she's gotta be 80 or so! The things that come out of my Dad's mouth! ha
I FOUND A PICTURE OF THE HOTDOG WID OUT THE BUN IN DA PHONE
missed you today!
Very true. RT : Worry doesn't help tomorrow's troubles, but it does ruin today's happiness. – Anon #smile rt :D
#understatement MT : Allen West is a fucking idiot.
You're like the first piece of bread in the bag. Everyone touches you, but nobody really wants you.
Women AND Warriors!!! Your camps start Monday! See our home page for info. on both....AdaptTraining.com
in that case. Nope. Mayb tomorow :P
Yes yes yes please!! Where does the shuttle run from?
come on sunday! we need to have a practice with everyone there so we can win games.
NothingI just wanna an arab friend like U...! thats all
Snow forecasted here in LA for tomorrow?
These have been the best two days of my life!
My babe is always there when i need him, he keeps a smile on my face and we can be goofy and serious together . We got something good :)
Oh my what a weekend!
just saw your tweet! I was actually in Florida! Hope you had a great time in TN!
wrote a song: #niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!RT
YES! RT : Esp. in light of NY!! Go #runnerds!! RT : We r out supporting 4 their race tday!
I just went through the website. Now I am hungry. I'll need to drop by when I'm in Portland.
What an emotional morning watching those miners in Chile make their ways to freedom. Happy thoughts to them and their families!
seems like all the above. but it floats, it gets books around, pro-literacy... still neat
I'm a look a like. So hopefully I get laid. Daniel, let me smack that ass.
I feel like my hearts about to shatter....
no cavities! now i can go to australia
No Kidding. That article is pointless & offensive. The comments are also absurd. The whole thing is a complete waste.
she said thank you so much and she loves you too baby girl!
I declare next Sunday "Take a Jew To Church" Day! Let's get them some Jesus!!! #Right?? Also PLEASE vote GOP 2012!!! lol
I feel outta touch missed my twitter alot
It's strange how the things we regret are the also the things we deserved.
Im wrking on mobile app w &we're calling a grp of stops collection connections-but path works too [more]
okay? i've seriously been excited for this since i was in 6th grade for 's junior prom.
I was! After the fact, I hear I missed you Florian. Dammit!
My mother needs to say my name right , omg . Its Brandon !
hey...how is everything?
was at Beauty Bar. Ugh. And before that like 4 couples in front of us at a concert were making out. STOP IT!
wait nevermind cutie
currently at the Tacoma store and loving seeing the sun and blue skies breaking through the clouds!
I'm very excited to see Nerlens Noel bring his talents to UK next year
Kesha I went last march and it was crazy!! It was so humid. Not a fan...lol
Awww fuck it to feel like a champ I'm going to go take my daily run
#naisac12 we will be 21st century schools when our students are constructing knowledge
I probably will.
Got a red bucket and a bell and people have been giving me tons of cash! Best fundraising idea ever!
Instead of trying to accommodate the Word of God to our changing culture, we need to accommodate our culture to the unchanging Word of God.
Don't be afraid. It's not magic, it's #salesforce!
Do you have a heart? Obviously not. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Can't Wait Sorors! I will definitely be there! Love ya!
hey dave! i'm adding the Cinco de Mayo pub crawl to Girls Guide to Seattle. Do you know where you'll kick off the crawl?
is this the one tht stalks me?
haha! anything is possible with a keyboard and a mouse!
beach day. taking a break from work
Derek Morgan and Penelope Garcia <U+2764>
If you ever feel the urge to open a strip or burlesque club, promise that you'll name it Two N's, One Tease.
I'm sure you can find them in the city - the store I got it at is in Nassau county - lake success shopping center
Cuban in one hand... Scotch in the other... All I need is a French woman in my lap and I am the freaking United Nations!
leaving today for a story on protecting Mexican gray wolves in the Gila National Forest, will be back on Sunday
I personally loved 's performance tonight, I think he did amazing! But that's just my opinion. I love you Pip.<3
Turn your ego down a little.
iowa did that do when I was there
If she ask what you doing after the club
your welcome
Metta is playing great so far
Playing iPhone word games in the middle of the night in Vegas... not conducive to winning. FYI
I am having the toughest, silliest temptation resistance EVER right now! The tempter: Fast Food. Lord give me strength to make it home!
Please stay out of #WI! Ash Wed was illegal, one Senate Dem arrested would make it legal. This is about more than
It's a great day in Chicago to get drunk and watch sports.
I believe I said "you really don't look bad.. You're just being all Erin about it"
Oh oh oh sweet child o' mine
Follow/Enjoy
Not sure. But will look into it and get back.
Turn up and follow Mississippi party scene
Two days left to fill out your brackets - we're giving away a 32 inch TV to the winner plus tons of Capt. Morgan prize packs! Get in here!!
unfortunately neither of us have a whole lot going on there.
ha! filthy!
We’ll be at SharePoint training this week, learning even more about creating sites without coding! (fun for us geeky-types!)
Pinterest has spread its influence through the many social media addicts. You may enjoy it on a personal level, but have you thought abou...
as many bottles of "win" as your heart desires :P
we'll make plans in Spanish (:
Very windy day here in #GrandRapids. I hope the branches over my house hang tight
oh the preacher said he was a good man, & his brother said he was a good friend, but the women in the two black veils didn't bother to cry<3
Fair point. I think that the majority of the audience would be lost if they went into APIs.
after the flute incident last week, why is #katyperry fake playing the guitar on the AMA's??? N E 1 who plays the guitar can easily tell!!!
Cool! Thanks for following! :)
When you coming home for a visit? I'm thirsty!!!!
are in tough spot with Beckett
We got Peyton!!!! Just wanna keep Tebow too!
Why did you stop following me? ": Sitting in the Dr office. Their playing nice soft music. Out of no where "Is this...
Egan's advice: read, write regularly, give yourself permission to write badly so the interesting stuff can come along. Read!
i wanna put it on my binder xDD
i agree.
In #FridayListens, coming close to halfway mark of LOVE YOU MORE by Lisa Gardner. Not too gripped by this one for some reason.
I guess that's a simpleish one. I just opened up my notes and chose one at random. :P
ok... fine. Music on hold.
i wonder what im doinq after homecominq ?.
Is this a lyric to a Kanye song I don't know?
looking forward to Feb 15th at brooklyn Bowl.
but can one time, we get some breezies with a college degree, a future maybe? Even a suga mama cougar type.
Laura Veirs - Sun Is King - 11:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Good day for new York sports....
Just a little too late I guess...
I feel like shit...
So fun meeting my new writing students today. They named and as authors they admire. Smart students!
Freestyle jedi Thelonious Stretch performing at Smiling Moose in Southside tonite, one of his last shows before he moves to NY. Come thru!
Just tweeted my owns elf.....no more <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083>
FOX VINEYARDS AND WINERY are in Helen GA
Hey Jessica & patch team! I just emailed a press release with a Memorial Day story for you. Let me know your thoughts :) -Katie
It sounds amazing, and I'm so glad you're getting to travel more. What an experience. Enjoy the place, HH, & the students.
hello girl. Remember to breathe
Cloud isn't always the best option.
it’s easy to keep your pie warm when it’s 140 degrees outside. Bad news: you’re decomposing from heat-rot.
Hey do how is everyone? Y'all excited for raw!?!?!?!
Compare "The Queen Is Dead" with anything Morrissey has done in the past decade. He's got nothing to lose by begging Marr for a reunion.
Cobra Duct Tape, Nice. I'm down with that idea.
Life is good when your marriage is happy, your business is successful, and your faith in God is strong.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I know deep in side ,Mrs. Donohue is laughing soo hard at what the things we say
I love the
those who can,do and those who can't, bully
the same ol shyt!
Looks good! Can't wait to see if in person. :)
The banter on today is exceptionally hilarious. "I don't know what I'd do without you, Ralph." "Probably a better job."
Knicks need Novak, Smith to have shot - New York Post
": << This weirdo ..." I knew this cocksucker by the name of darell
Having a house concert. Surprisingly good acoustics & a lot of fun.
the small lebowski
I'm losing you and its effortless...
I am out of town but will call him when I get back.
charley you do have swagager :') just has to much swagger, we need to steal some <3
now that is just gross!
Just met an all girl Harry Potter dodge ball team The name of their team makes me blush.
Remember toast is only bread.
Bye bitches!
G.M.N.I.: Can't sleep. Reflecting. All signs point to the obvious.
Tired of celebs who retweet messages from their fans blowing smoke up their ass.
Good training for the party last night. Get ready for the 23rd. Suits dresses drinks dancing santa and charity
Russell is a transfer from Eastern Kentucky University
I'm so sorry, Joe.
Turned out to be a pretty interesting night =) After a 12+ hour shift... I'm tappin' out..
Messing with people on the sidewalk with lazer pointers>>>>
Baby I just need some motivation
Someone should do a study on how much less productive people are on rainy days. I'd do it myself, but I'm way too tired.
Spoke with 2 today about branding, feeling a lil validated >_<
like new york..haha..
Well said brother. Oye papo, when am I gonna see an live show?!
he's got some nasty virus, and his brother is off at a birthday party. It's about seventy times easier with just one kid, omg.
no prob, u check out the site?
Every year there are 9 "Pro Bowl" QBs because players differ, injured, or are playing in SB. Now there will be fewer "Pro Bowlers"
My niece always has the hiccups.
“: I miss working with & !!! at tropical heat sundays!!!”- Good Pple
My baby (my mom) got four teeth pulled today,,, i feel bad because she can't eat the good stuff
I'll look for you online this evening
I can't believe my friends just totally abandoned me out of nowhere :'(
Nah,but's that cool the Heat are third on my list behind the Lakers and Bobcats
yeah, it was probably best that I wasn't on the show. They'd just misspell my name
"Canada’s “hyper-competitive” mortgage-lending has depressed returns to unacceptable levels that aren’t likely to last."...
You get a lot of funny looks walking 5 dogs down the street.
Gray day on the Gray Lady.
Truer words.... “: man, i write for MONEY RT : do you write for fans or players?”
Scott Brown shouldn't be able to hold military officer commission and be a US Senator at the same time = interruption chain of command
Fear of the Lord is the foundation of true knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and discipline. Proverbs 1:7
How has social media advanced your career? Please share your thoughts!
Join us for happy hour from 4-6 p.m. with $2 pints of beer and half price apps! Then, tonight at 10 p.m., it's Open Mic Night!
Ah, yeah...I think I've heard of him. Forgot they were the Mules!
I think im gona end up dying at the gym somehow smh the shit I do lol
I really wish little queers would stop being divas and find something productive to do....
“: Oh, you replied to my text with the letter "K"...you must like talking about Potassium.”
good show last night boys!
Who's a computer geek now?!?! We all are now!
WOW! Look who Tweeted! Thanks! :) RT : Happy anniversary to my wonderful friends and !!!!
Loved the idea of fans as a picture on cover photo, but how do you do it?
"true" & "real" argument is wrong. If I wasn't true Bronco fan, I wouldn't be here bitching that I think Denver made bad move!
Watching Glen Beck because my grandparents are. Just what I need right now. Doom and gloom. #pleaseshutupif you don't have good news.
reagrding post, Twitter is a bad thing for 80% of people. Can't control themselves behind a computer
see you on the flipside motherfuckers
Sure thing!
Dear N/EUSA:I know unless U grow up w/earthquakes a 5.8 tremor is scary but U really do have 2 know that CA is laughing at you. Sorry.
Front row choreo practice today for new uptune went great!
I KNOW, I Am #Special <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
#NW The Voice
Actually charger but you know what I mean! Is it too early for a Bloody Mary or Champagne? Totally random but I'm in the mood
There were a couple points where I would have had the same confusion.
i followed u my lil sis and her crew we followed u i have a crew to but we live in new york danceannoick98 is the name
I can't wait to go to an amusement park this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A2>
Doingg my hw tonight so that I can go out & sleep thiss whole weekend :)
Read the lyrics of a song you sang as a kid. Try to remember where you first heard it. It's Arts & Humanities Month!
Getting more active on the LinkedIn forums.
#myraptureplaylist includes songs by Prince: New World, Emancipation, and Rainbow Children.
And the bands who goes to heaven can do an "overseas" tour to hell. Yes.
Watching the Houston Texans play the Tennessee Titans
Hive you that, however, 'the nerds' selling the approach to the non-techies might need diff words for diff audiences.
Cry me a twitter river
Watch your habits: They become your character. Watch your character: It becomes your destiny.
Wait, Gonzo hasn't matched that yet for his career.
has been awesome so far!
Another early morn. Hanging out with Rochester's jazz radio station jazz90.1 in a bit. Tune in!
I have a Skype interview tomorrow, too! And have the exact same plan.
Who are you bringing to ConnectPoint tomorrow? Looking forward to a family service full of families! See you at 10:30
got hit by a train. The #soultrain. Then Dragged over the tracks and dumped into dankville. Cause your nuggs suck!
“: Ever looked at the past and realized how much of an idiot you were?”
I've decided I don't need an education, I need a case of rum and a cat with 19 toes.
Feels like winter again.
Phil still has one of my favorite quotes ever "a great shot is when you pull it off. A smart shot is when u don't have the guts to try it"
Pretend you just finished a surprise quiz that's 50% of your grade. ;)
Much gratitude to for causing me to pause and inform myself before I financially supported the #stopkony campaign.
Oh 2:30am Quesadilla, how can you be so cruel, after I loved you so much last night.
Uh, Jose Canseco, for SURE.
so refreshing. Not everyone wants to hear about heartbreak. There are actually happy ppl out there. Keep it up
i dont like makin people mad i dont do it on purpose but im not gon worry bout it rite now im already highly irritated fuk people
#niallwhipshispenis is hot!!!!!!!!!!!
can we skip last block tomorrow and get the bronzing going? <U+2600>
Tip off for the Warren vs Ft Bend Travis state semifinal is in 30 minutes. Watch the game on TWC ch 888. GO WARRIORS!!
RT : Awe!! Thanks John! :) It's been forever it seems like! I emailed it to you, I hope you like it! :)>>Love it!
I'm going to go to the gym and then to eat a Doritos Loco Taco, because I like to keep my body guessing whether or not I hate it.
#LINsanity RT : And once again... The Lakers disappoint me on the road. :/
shoulda been in McKeesport this weekend I had to fight dudes lol
Just recorded the MOST fuct up episode of DontBeAfraidOfTheDark I've ever done. You shall be offended soon. I promise.
Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you. -Bruce Henderson
we're celebrating the day o green with fun decorations, green on the crew and green whip cream. come on down for a nw cherry chocolate shake
you could cut it
Round Trip Limousine packages for Denver Concerts starting at $75.00 each way. Call for a limousine Quote today!!! www.denverlimousine.com
I didn't know McDonalds actually served what a normal person considered "food".
The Mother's Day remake was just OK. Jaime King was pretty great.
new iPad doesn't impress me either ;-)
#INMIDDLESCHOOL tried out for basketball for da 1st time
RT : So, the same people who decided pizza is a vegetable now deciding whether censoring the internet is a good idea. Terrific.
I just wanna smoke my stress away
no no. Calm in here. No buzz. Not crowded. No prince. ....A little too calm.
Back To School
writing resumes/cover ltrs #jobhunting RT : How are you spending the last part of your #weekend ? hope you had a lovely wknd
MT : I'm not debating the process, policy or mandate .. I just want to be sure that your kids have insurance when you need it. :)
I'm sorry, but being from the south makes you hypersensitive to the whole church and state divide.
We are at the pier, booth 41001. Will see you next week!
heyo and I are going to dso may 29 at brooklyn bowl...
Chicken! He he. They're leading 25-24 at end of 1st quarter.
they did. Even mentioned one of my GitHub repos in the article (the one on forking).
RT It's FAR more important to START than it is to get it perfect.
I was just telling them to come here. Haven't seen them yet!
Careless World <3
my dude
Trying to figure out how to work Twitter...
Apparently, we only belong as the woman behind a man; methinks Grothman's had bad luck with the ladies. :
Ann Boyer: "Satanic community, composed of difference, self-negating.. We must be criminals, we must be perverts, we must be witches."
I still can't believe this. It will really hit me when I wake up.
Hey girl, you got copywriting skills? Because I need a freelancer to write some *exclusive* content.
Jon AND have already been up for a visit! With coming in May, I think it's a sign.
Yeah, he's fitting right in.
Highly recommend! So much activity going on at & even better with warm weather! Enjoy it :)
Great event with Clayton Christopher!
It's hump day and leap day...things could get interesting! ;-)
Good luck to Tanner and Caleb Childs today! They embark on their cross country push today!
Nice have fun don't get lost in the craziness up their
just got done watching & live on ustream which was funny now im heading to mc'donalds yum
The penalty for masturbation in Indonesia is decapitation..
girl don't get me started!!
Rolos are the best drugstore candy. I don't know why they aren't more ubiquitous.
you too rockstar archivist!
Does that mean gonna be tweetin about good drinkin n eatins?!
Who wants to golf right now? I do
hahaha...do us both a favor..stay out of the wx office.
Awww thanks so much!!! :)
We also have our famous pot roast on our buffet today! Plenty of options! We're open until 2 for lunch and from 5:30-9:00 for dinner.
girl you're the original.she tryin to copy.
Hey Steve! Just sent you a fun kids activity roundup idea for Save Me Steve! Would love to connect soon! :)
so you think i won then? ;)
Hey will you give us a listen? :)
Watching movies with Dominic
YEEHAW! BonfireJam is Heating UP w/ Josh Turner, Jamey Johnson, Lee Brice! Get those hot tickets at PEN AIR FEDERAL CREDIT UNION TODAY!
don't fret. I'm no , but I don't mind being your rebound #mandate for some
Check ur in box to!!!... Lol
its so good, the robot could play a drinking game with it
Thanks Meagan! Much appreciated :) Hope you like the rest!
Omg can school be over please
so whatcha doing?(:
okay thursday im coming! What are your hours?
I'm going to take a different path. Shout out to for schooling my daughter!
Today's Phillyhunt Question: On page 65 of , who is the Phillie pictured? Answer now to win a giftcard!
<bad news for Jermichael and the G & G today. NFC Norris looks like it's up for grabs
BabyGirl says doing yoga in a tanktop and panties is not 'yoga-ie' enough...apparently she has a specific idea of 'yoga-ie'...I made her :-)
“ #Libra ladies like kind, polite and real man.”
why do people even, like, care about things
It is St. Raphael, a Catholic church in Bay Village.
Great wine weekend. Recycle bin at home looks like a small restaurant just opened.
- Did you have fun at the Birthday Honors? We did!! It was a great start to the weekend!
I don't want to be all braggy, but somebody just ordered a cream separator! Seething with jealousy, aren't you?
haha thanks bud, great chatting
Everything good happens in time even michael jordan sat on the bench.
Parallel Parking is a ONE man job. Your friend can only spot you if there is less than 6" TOTAL clearance. Front AND back.
Thanks for the follow! It is much appreciated! Hope you are doing well!
If you're in the middle of a #blackjack winning streak of 5 or more hands, do you know what to do? Are you sure?
You can't judge an eBook by its icon.
Come to the Variations on Chaos PARTY! Jan 15th at Load of Fun
my mom makes so many friends when she shops omg
I love the Elfin Forest hike...especially in Spring.
Our mission is just beginning, we ask for your support, BE REAL, STEP UP, SUPPORT THE CAUSE..www.pledge4patriots.com become a member
hope you are feeling better buddy. campaign battle wounds are the coolest kinds. see you very soon!
Congratulations to Ken Fiduc of TeamLogic IT Austin - our Kindle prize winner.
Time to play #Maxpayne3. This game is freaking sick
Did everyone get out today during lunch? It's gorgeous! Sunshine
Wolf did what he was supposed to do. Now we need Parra to.
Fuck this day!
Mr.West - "PATRICK DONT BE MAD CAUSE YOU'RE GAY" lmfao I swear Mr.West my niggaaaaa
getting by one day at a time, John. Hope to have some things settled in a few weeks.
Dont want to wake its just school.
Happy Birthday !!! hope you have a fantastic birthday! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Love you too, Andy. Come back soon!
God never sleeps, God always hears your problem, just waiting for a moment because God will give a miracle to you.
"One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency." - Arnold Glasow
When i see you. I loose my respect for you .
What are your mothers day plans?
email them bro!
I love school popcorn sales! Still $.25 a bag?
YES!! Excited to see all of you tonight!
woahhh i was just looking at buying one today
. You will always remember your 1st and 500th.
Everyday I wake up her pillow fill wit make up and dat happens every week after she get a nut!
I saw you on roller blades once RT : I got crazy pussy in high school and I was drivin a moped
Happy 4th! Don't blow anything up!!!
Thanks Gretchen. Rotella is a bad ass reporter!
They're there for pacing, Benny
well dang it....but its another step in the right direction!
Yes, hving a grt day, thx. Always happy to share valuable info. You have a good one too!
You haven't had a truly nerdy conversation until you discuss data on cassettes and Weird Al.
hi niall :) how are you today? Hope tthe rest of your day is lovely xx
Gotta admit it - I'm a big Colton Dixon fan. He was stellar once again tonight on
Next will be at Guarapo in Arlington on April 18th - Sponsored by Bean, Kinney and Korman and !
Commission adopts final BoE districts
I don't think I know anyone who travels as much as you
I love it when my customers are excited to tell me all about their pets. It's my favorite part of making custom tags.
lol..good besides laughter is the best medicine :)
Question twitterfolk... In your opinion What's the best time to start dating after a long term break up? How do you know your ready?
At P.F. Chang's a 15-percent discount tomorrow only. Cinnabon will give out free bite-size cinnamon rolls from 5 to 8 p.m
Cleaning still
Aww #staystrong Erin! #BiebsMeetErin that would be so sweet :)
Will be giving away a copy of CD, April Showers, May Flowers, this weekend. Stay tuned on how to win.
the man's a beast when clean & healthy. Somebody will pay for all that talent; upside is enormous, may be worth the risk.
from california not hollywood but I wish I was in hollywood
androids always talking bout some " this app force closed ". force close this dick.
"Knock knock"..."who's there?" "9/11"... "9/11who?"..."I thought you'd never forget"
I can't wait either <U+E057><U+E03D><U+E324>“: Now I can't wait to release my new movie Mistaking Spell on DVD.”
Wazoo was a success!! Now for some wine tasting... gotta love R&D :-)
Apparently you can rape the willing. ..
Quench art poem mellow
About 20 in line at hibbett
Now I love Steven Tyler, but the national anthem was slightly painful to listen to...
I know your not my mother but HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
It has gotten warm out this afternoon. Come check out beautiful old sac and get some ice cream!
#MyPastRelationships have sucked but i don't regret them because they showed me how fucked up people act in a relationship.
your face. i like that shiz.
In Rita Ora's little video, she sings part of We Found Love and says "Calvin Harris did a good job on that song" without mentioning Rihanna.
Don't you just love my new background?!
I have yet to see & hold a print-on-demand book that's good-looking, has a good cover, nice paper, nice printing. Even from the pros.
Crazy night... I need sleep for tomorrow!
There are too many men wearing sports bras in this marathon.
It looks really good right now! But all that hair would be a bear over the summer.
Switched my phone to airplane mode and tried to throw it in the air........ WORST. TRANSFORMER. EVER.
Thanks for following You can never get enough business info.
Looking for fantasy input: Houston defense against Indy, or Cincinnati defense against Arizona?
No one told me that I'd have gray hairs at 20 something. Life's a bitch like that sometimes! ;)
What ever happened to Wilson-Phillips? Did the big one eat the others finally? An elevator was bound to get stuck eventually.
If you want more followers follow FOLLOW EACH OTHER TOO! <3
I wish my nephew came with a mute button , a muzzle , && a shock collar
Our #FF picks for this week!
My newest affirmation: Get up, shake it off, and get back in there.
THE PARTY IS TONIGHT! One Year Anniversary of The Artists' Faire! 5-7pm. The weekend is here...start if off right! Bring A Friend and ENJOY!
Finished War Horse. I can understand the love that kid had for his animal.
I fucking love coffee
Oh sometime soon re Noon O Kabab. Will need to pace myself for Chicago Gourmet this wknd
Yay! 1st day of December! I'm gonna try to look past the fact that I'm sick and make the best out of today :) #ChristmasInTheAir <3
ikr! it brings back memories, huh?
As much as I would love to get my kid to meet Taylor Swift, I can't do 3K...
Wtf you give him the ball for Ron smh
' It's cool I'll get a cute one lol
New pieces look good. just to get rid of one of them....
hhmm another contradictory tweet from another person.... if i smh anymore it will fall off
You're so broke...You can't afford to pay attention. lol -_-
OK, Bruins, enough with the turnovers, you're embarrassing me in front of my newborn. Don't make her look at 'SC.
Such a great event tonight at #Roth with WWRC.... 14 scholarships! cc:
90+ in portland. gray and misty at the coast.
follow cos they rocked last night
Daniel Moses of Collegiate Academy is Friendship Public Charter Schools 2012 Teacher of the Year.
I'm calling it Joe Johnson gonna hit a GW 3 to send them back to the ATL for game 7
How come most latins say if your sick take a shot of tequila?lol
Awww, one of my teens from last year's teen lit mag just came by to get book recommendations. My job is awesome. :D
Hey guys! Don't forget about today's ballet class! See you there at 5:45!
#Spartans are shooting 55.3 percent. This is one day after shooting 70 percent against Iowa.
Smaller venues are better too, you get to be closer to the bands:)
that's good. You making progress. Any big plans for the weekend?
funny jelly?
CHEESUS' I. LOVE. & HIS #BIEBERCONDA IT CAN SLITHER INTO MY ZOO, ANYTIME!! (;
will be releasing information on Monday afternoon about our Spring Team Training opportunities throughout the southeast.
RT please. "Like" my Oregon Ducks Football Examiner Facebook page for exclusive updates
Thank you everyone for such a successful review feud!
So excited to see tomorrow evening at Seminole Hard Rock!
Doing yoga to Brian Eno will take you to the fifth dimension.
Just heard 's 'blackout' on ESPN 2. I flipped shit. xD
At early screening of Ghost Protocol. Hope I get to see a preview of The Dork Knight Rises, the Mad Magazine parody of a popular movie.
well you could always follow me back :)
great job you guys
I thought u were better then that Boo???
Maybe, though I don't think zombies stick only to the well-marked roads.
Love doesn't mean you won't break up or fight. It just means you'll make up and make things right.
Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings. ~Miles Franklin
call mom we are singing to dad (bday)
I hate that shit
My mom made a twitter follow her!
Can't ever explain the relationship between best friends.... Love you to death
bought copy Ivan Illich "Tools For Conviviality" in Boca Grande FL library sale. Signed "Happy Birthday - Woody Brock 1973" U?
I am going to bed now. Good night, everyone. Sweet dreams & shit.
Simply put people don't trust God with their finances & the principle isn't always taught right from a NT perspective.
#Truth,spread the word > RT this Young Lady`s music is so Refreshing!!
HOW 'BOUT MY JAYHAWKS!!!!!!
I get off on seeing dorks constantly talking shit to then seeing him put them in their place
How's the planning for the #AustinWomeninTechnology conference in Feb coming along? Looking 4ward to hearing from you :)
Your mad cause she shared her story with the world,your mad cause shes dating your celebrity crush,your mad cause she grew up -Selena & Demi
Help SSRN hit 4,000 followers - Please RT to help us get there!
YOU DON'T NEED A NOSE JOB. UR BEAUTIFUL THE WAY YOU ARE<3
Its His Birthday & He Wanna Chill , Lmao Birthday Sex ? Ahh NO !.
Hey do i look fat in this, no you look hungry like katniss.
Just finished our paper work for NOW to send them the check. Gearing up for our 2012 season--first up, TROILUS & CRESSIDA.
Thanks for the response. I don't care for the dew but I wish you were still a Trailblazer. Good luck the rest of the season
only because Suzanne couldn't ! I feel lucky :)
Ezra Pound moves in. haunted by New Wave dreams. "The primary pigment of MUSIC is the SOUND, Eliot!", says Ezra. reorb.it/tseliot
It's a #scandal that my day went by so fast! I still have a lot of work to get done!
I really hope does a roller coaster fist bump with me this weekend...
Known to be a brilliant, yet tough task master, Meisner believed that “acting is doing,” even if the moment in a piece calls for silence....
something tells me I'm going to be single again very soon...meh
“: Oh, so you put "I'm pregnant" as your status the minute it becomes April 1st? How original.”.
The Hills don't need no stinking liberry, huh?
Don't ever think I won't find out something... Can't trick a tricksta. Please believe!
Thanks for the RT Christy! Have a great day
the vibrate feature on my phone no longer works. i will miss those random instances of bliss
Just think it gives more flexibility and its always been more efficient...little easier to teach and better vs. pressure IMO
IF EVERYONE HAS A HILLBILLY BONE WAY DEEP INSIDE THEN IM WILLING TO PAY SOMEONE TO FIND MINE AND YANK IT OUT AND TAKE MY GREY HAIR WITH IT.
Why is it that art students have to spend the most money for their school supplies and yet they are also the most underfunded?
Today's date, 1869 at 12:47 p.m., something really happened in Utah: east and west were connected by rail!
gl to in day 2 of the Venetian DSE. I'd rather be there than at my continuing education class...
Hello White Eagle. Hello hammerhead. Hello ruben. Hello fries. Hello hammerhead. I've counted down 5 hours of work to see you.
Just finished doing flash cards for global
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls. ~Aesop
Taste the wines beers food & see the artists of Mendocino on June 13 at Ft. Mason in San Francisco. All of Mendocino www.tasteofmendo.com
Just went into Sephora to see if I can find in tokidoki in downtown Disney. They don't have it
All explosions, no substance, don't trust him not to destroy a franchise even when inheriting a slam-dunk (TMNT)
Picked up 20k in first hand by calling 3 streets with QJ on Q high board,
no prob man. will have it up asap!
#3wordsgirlshate. There's someone else..
Calle 13 best song "Latinoamerica". In solidarity with students in Chile and Puerto Rico and all througout Latin America.
I'm just gonna listen to ASAP Rocky the rest of the night...
I KNOW RIGHT WHAT THE HECK
MeRRy ChRiStmas!
Battle of point guard sensations / defensive sieves!!
You have a chz drawer?
Great fight...two tough SOBs slugging it out...nice job with that match up Dana/Lorenzo!
spread the news...while detroit has Calvin Johnson aka Megatron, tennessee has Kenny Britt aka Optimus Prime
Happy two idiots:u and i...
Scheduling road work on 395 just outside the ballpark on the same day as MLB opening day was a brilliant idea
Yes! YES! Now everyone will know about my Veggie Wrap consumption!!!
I miss you too
dont get me wrong #Brees get respect as a top 3 qb
Glad to help. See you at the #SFIMA Summit!
let's take it over.
Your my favorite back throughout the whole NFL I watched you play in Baltimore I thank God when the Broncos signed you
Lololololol WHY AM I SO WEIRD.
Why not make an assignment where students write blog function tutorials?
thanks! always love to hear from the ol hood! and happy weekend to you too!
Working dj shadow tonight
I Really Wanna Take You Down . <3
enlisting won't do you any good in the decision making process either. gotta be an officer for that call.
Clinging to your job into your 80s, resisting change & avoiding confrontation: a recipe 4 disaster. I see orgs similar to Penn St. FB a lot,
Thanks to a great committee and adviser
can only imagine.
How'd the car work out after Edibles?
"I'm actually kind of turned on right now."
All these girls wearin sweat pants today. Knowin if I wore them, Id be the first person to get wrote up.
Trying Via Tribunali for the first time tonight. Many #pdxeats firsts today.
it is the style of play that allows them have this success
Home cooked meal turned out Nice! I will start cooking more gourmet meals..
Great pro day for Chris Polk today! 4.45 and 4.50 in the forty, looked fantastic in position drills.
i used "rise" and than the blur effect in the upper right.
I truly hope Mariano Rivera knee isn't serious.
Best dream ever
i fucks with
yayy ^.^ its to funny I love sheldon!
We're so glad you're having fun with the Pirate course! :)
U SHOOK....BLACK AND YELLOW ON THAT ASS
The last 44 seconds of 'I'm Addicted' from MDNA make me wanna put on a leotard and heels and dance like crazy under strobe lights.
That would be #2020F Fred!
": THE AWKWARD MOMENT: When you look up from your phone & the person you have been following around the supermarket, isn't your Mom."
Swear he just got mad af lmfao
All the little L6 kids are growing up! Happy birthday
What sux most is when your talking heavy with someone & for the longest you dont even know if your both on the same page .
I'm totally playing Bingo tonight.
best thing ive ever learned... and i learned it from a disney movie...
same goes for pinterest though. There really needs to be a good visual bookmarking site and so far I haven't found a better alt.
A little stunned by the Whitney jokes already.
I don't like riding the bus sometimes. I don't like just sitting here and waiting for another bus. When I drive I get home earlier!
Yay me!! Today I'm taking my son 2 get his cast on!! This is gonna b fun!! Wish me luck lol!!
Wizards could also get the job done I imagine. You know. Magic!
Good luck on finals this upcoming week. Love you!!!
message me your number!
I love the twitter updates! The more specific you are with ETA's and causes, the better.
If you have kik add me : colleenashleyy
Great event today with Clearly Promotions for Coke Zero!!
Gearing up to finalize 2009 WWVC speakers/sessions. What topics and speakers do you want to see at WWVC this year?
#BigTenNetwork loves showing last year's #Ohio State-#Michigan clash -- easily the best game of also-ran contenders from 2011.
Good Morning! The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.-Robert M. Persig Enjoy your day!
click on the link to yesterday's blog. it's there...<<THANKS!
Looking forward to this great weekend
many synths mainly Roland sh-32. Drops maybe 1 in 30 notes. Also occurs with note-off messages; some notes drone forever!
that'd require you to talk girly!
I am consistently out of the loop
Good run at the track now about to go to Golden Coral
I happened to be talking to KIM...why you always gotta be so fresh?!?!?!
"shut up bitch" - Rodes
Oh you know, just making me feel great. Got about three hours of sleep and have work in four hours hollaaaaa
can i get a follow back??? thanks love you<3
So for the past 3 weeks I didn't sign up for a massage but I lucked up everytime...
Anyone else craving buffet?
I think people that don't know how to use a code repository shouldn't be around an AWS ;)
do it!
catch every #TD from yesterday afternoon right here: bit.ly/nnCCKq (via )
Ok I admit it, I miss California.
Any good middle school history sites/activities out there?
Thanks - I got really inspired by the idea, many more layouts in the works
this season of bgc is the best
no where else to vent or have a response to it, #Twitter it is.
it's a full day outdoor show!
eat this dry dick
It was an accident!!
Amazing late night rainstorm 4x4 experience in flooding Atlanta streets with ROME blasting in the headphones.
damn. Yea bro I'll be in LA. All the homies need to plan a trip though.
We're eating?!
said it several times & had to spell it out, she's like "oh that's in PA" lol
Thank you.
RT: : This latest post goes out to the beer that made Milwaukee famous.
I love my team <3 WJVS
Hawks need to rally. They are the team that can do it.
"Dont ever look Janet in the eye, she's a devil woman"
i'll be out your way in the fall. looking forward to meeting you
Shout out to Everyone Up n On the Grind you know I am
When nights are cold & stars are few, I close my eyes & think of you. A silent hope, a silent tear, a silent wish that you were here.
Goldust where/how can I get an autographed copy?
Why am I the only person awake
If only I could take back that night and just do one thing differently
The more we are filled with love, the less room there is for hate.
ME TOO!
Everyones giving me dirty looks while im driving. Why?
what type of illustration?
No idea who theyre dealing with! MT“: gave away my room, refused refund & offered no help finding alt lodging.”
This is one of those "coach will look like a genius if they win, nutcase if they lose" situations. Bouch taking a chance starting Smith.
thanks for the Streamline info. Saw its billboard on the way into Logan this afternoon and was wondering about it.
Is it true the believe tour tickets go on sale this week OMG I am freakin out...if they are I need to get them my actual life depends on it<U+2665>
I think 's Man Down video is amazing. Inspiring actually... :)
I'm with you- loving your PSAs! So much truth.
Holy Crap Jimmy Cliff sound checking with Bruce people are gonna love this moment tonight See Jimmy at Midnight Hype Hotel 504 Trinity
Like there's mad precious lookin hoes talking about "yeah girl I be that pretty MF " maybe to a bucket of Popeyes chicken bitch
There's no need for revenge. Those who hurt you will eventually screw themselves up. And if you're lucky, God will let you watch.
But I'll be subtracting your heading from the word count. Better add at least three more words.
NYC what'd up?
I will try and be on more often, atleast while the girls are still together (Melissa & Diana) and not broken up as of yet.
Welcome to the #UC2016 family!! : Officially committed to University of Cincinnati!
#TheAmazingRace Finale!! Can't wait!
lmaoo your as aww lol i love you but imma beat your ass for slobbering on my pillows you foo..
Anyone found any good #kosher Belgian Waffles?
dankeldsen: ah, I think I disappointed on the juggling front - hopefully not on the content front though, eh?
Want to work with a great team pursuing health access for all kids in Sacramento? Stay tuned...job posting next week!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Justin beiber the wanted and one direction all right that should have gotten some people angry :)
eating a buttload of candy tonight so hopefully puking will be easier tomorrow :/
did you just say hella? Proud!
No, drinking the Kool-Aid!
it will be interesting to see how this plays out over the summer.
The Affordable Care Act (ACA) was passed to help to address these challenges
YUM...just as long as you are in the mix, too! ttyl...
If i'm wearing the hat I might as well wear the shirt.. *gets back in full Taco Bell uniform* btw it's all black
I cant stand some folks who use their degrees as a license to be bougie & look down at others. No wonder this person, stays single.
i know you love me! ofcourse you wont;):*
Don't buy from Dot Com unless you can be absolutely sure your items won't be damaged - if not, they will make your life hell.
I have no place to stay tonight.
NEED MONEY TOMORROW OR CAN'T GET SHIRTS!!!
that's what we like to hear
Gym = redemption
wear a dress wit no panties on
At top of my list of things I don't want to hear at 10,000 feet is "we ran out of fuel." And the PA cutting out afterwards wasn't reassuring
RT : Q3 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of Donut?
Follow bck please
I will be live tweeting Gonzaga 2012 commencement.
Yes, I do speak my mind. And no, you probably don't like what I say or how I say it.. but I wasn't taught how to say FUCK YOU nicely. :)
I love UD! Great spot for photos....
You're welcome. I will attempt to send to email from phone.
"Oh, I just took a pic of that awesome rock formation while I was flying over the Sahara Desert in a Space Station"...badass
I love your twitter! :-) <3
At home for a quick dinner then back to for my #stormready series with See ya at 10!
ok! We have standby tickets so we will have to get there super early to make sure we get in :)
"Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of good #wine" --°St. Thomas Aquinas
Ok, fans and friends. Would you rather hear a studio version of Brand New or Intimacy? Tell us why. Thanks.
Watching Premier Kim Takes NY; Can't stomach
have astrologers unionized? I can see it in the stars and is a moron
u right
Aw Google's logo right now is Keith Haring artwork. :)
Shot an 80. Lights out on the back nine, but was too distracted by the ocean views on the front!
Success can satisfy humans to an extent, but what happens when it all withers away? Do we know who we really are apart from success?
If you missed it, Josh Vitters clubbed his first homer of the season this afternoon for Iowa, who lead Memphis 6-2 in the fourth
Congrats to Quinn Lai of - recognized as Student Affairs Leadership Outstanding Staff Member
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Nice Word
I love you for coming out with the Blue Sky Record..you are definitely "Real Hip Hop" THANK YOU!!!!!!
#mscd name change to take effect in fall 2012 if legislature approves it.
Had a great family dinner night out tonight. Wonderful broiled scallops and key lime pie
Really?? None knows an #appdev for android that needs to make a few bucks today? I NEED HELP!
Congrats to on his STUDMuffinNYC clothing line. Now if I could only convince him to design me a blazer.
will do, thank you!
Memorable childhood gift: When 13yo from Gpa/ma: Tshirts 1 "Bringing home the bacon" pix of 2 pigs. Some things are as dirty as they sound.
Why does ICON get hack? It's only a dance website.___.
You (and all the other twitterites) can tonight at GATech! Bring Friends! We are looking forward to seeing you all there!
lol just for min , but I'll be that coolest lame you'll ever meet !
Long Memorial Day Weekend coming up! Sweet.
Likewise for the male in this scenario. Messing with another female while in a relationship deserves a shameful stare.
hahahah im pumped man!!!!! im gonna be there in exactly one week!!!!
i asked a question?
sounds like a GREAT problem:)
Why do people freak out if its only a drill ??
Calling all buying clubs! Attendees at tonight will be looking for you on FoodHub!
That event has since passed, but it was a great workshop from !
i thought the front desk lady said some like that, thnx
1 Peter 4:16 (KJV) Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.
Sometimes the result is NOT what you thought it would be...it's BETTER.
Wake and Bake! Puff Puff Pass! Light it don't fight it! Light it don't hide it! Be strong use a bong! Get my point, pass a joint!
I like waffels.
hit me up
Introducing RobynRyli Concepts feat. RobynRyli Designs on Etsy.com and Facebook. Lots more to come...
Go for Assembly 2013!
Here I come through the door, bringm' you more roses whatever else you want from me right now baby I'm just here for you
"You must grab social media by the balls."
Rancho Las Palmas... good kids pool.. nice restaurant walking distance from movie theaters, restaurants and shopping.
Sadly enjoying how much the tag #dontbeadouche is being used in #coleg tweets
Workin 32 hours this weekend in the psych ward, someone please prove to me I'm not carazzzzyyyy
Well making me a turkey burger for lunch
Same here!
I agree! If you quit you will never succeed on that
Oh ur man drives a car and not a truck? Tell me about all the Rad shit he does. #condisending994 I thought that was neat.
Jesus and his blessed mother. Think about it. Mother Mary was a stay-at-home Mom. She did a great job.
Hotsheet Live: Who has the general election advantage?
Because I'm pre-ordering at the concert!
looks that way
Baked beans made with pineapple chunks... MM MM!
Wisconsin Warriors women's football - kickoff Saturday 3pm at Greendale High School.
Mcdonaghs legs are more jello like than my gut. Dude has skated a whole game
i sent you a request :)
gotta be 21 though!!
I hope I meet you someday you are an amazing guy and any girl would be lucky to have you and will you please follow me?
Yeah - saw it. Wasn't sure what to think. Just ran down to KY-about to hit the gym and then settle in! Same old! Miss u!
Fresh out the shower & ready for school >
Working on finalizing NYC trip #landarch / #architecture sites to photograph. Any recommendation for must see sites?
ohh yeah, I guess we saw you, Sara, and Chad too...haha
oh mans
Foodies! I need info on good food near the #Esquiline - I'm starving and I want some pasta.
haha you are something else lol
yes, i found that really touching as well! something i hadn't thought about previously.
# your icon is #SEXY, and i like ur BG(:
What's crazy is these girls on #TheBachelor are my age.
What a bird
I'm sorry mom, for being such a bad daughter.
I'm listening to executives from Zappos, second life, burning man and MIT here at an interactive panel
LOL @ the obese couple driving by me w/ McDonald's earlier. Can't be mad that you're fat if drive thru fast food is your reg dinner.
Attention football bloggers and friends: Does the thought of reading a football novel (an e-book) in the month of May interest you? DM me.
3 more weeks tomorrow my will be 17. Aw, my baby all grown up. Lol.
Tell them you're a social media wizard.
umm, what ISN'T a good week for you guys?
Hey Dalton! You've got my vote to be No.1 on the Band Bus. You've got the sound to be No.1. Take care & have a great week bro.
I freakin love mindless behavior!
First tweet from the new iPad... I'm in the market for a case for my shiny new toy- any recs, send 'em my way.
Everyone should follow they're pretty hard core!(:
Mom's Naptime Rule: You don't have to sleep, but you must be out of my face for a good hour or so.
that's my return so far<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Shut up bitch, The only test you can pass is the pregnancy one.
Favorite #superhero = Iron Man. But it could be just Robert Downey, Jr.
Feel sorry for these people with jackets on. I guess they don't watch the weather
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU IDIOTS DOING? 45 min wait for the red. Line to SS..STILL WAITING!! 30 min wait for the D6 earlier today..
they won't be signing him, tampa bay maybe
And then: the end of humanity is declared. We wrestle with despair & the desire to give in... vs the will to survive.
any entertainment ideas in Denver?
long day at work i had 201 notices im in need of a massage anybody available ?
Just passed out 100 CDs of our new EP outside the concert at the 9:30 club!
Have you RT the #WBMegaSweeps yet? Just in time for the holidays, YOU could be the lucky winner of 11 awesome WB films! RT!
thank you so much for all your support!
so when u endorse 1 view of the future you're implicitly politicizing yrself. Im guessing this ticks him off.
Dude, tonight our feature is pork chili verde mac' and cheese. Do yourself a favor and get you some...4pm- all gone!
I'd rather be anywhere but illinois, my personality/dreams are to big for this state..
TAYLOR SWIFT IN 3 DAYS :D
Math was my Favorite class till now >.<. Its gonna ruin my Straight A's for this year :(
Good folks at Time Warner are working hard to resolve what I'm told is a massive network outage. Our newsroom is inquiring as to details.
price goes up to $60 at the end of the month! I hope everyone hurries up and registers!
#wewontwork if you dont care about the way you look
Tell her hi for me!! HAHA. So, how long have you been a "TFWE" fan? -Levi
holy shit are you serious. UGH COME ON AUSTIN. OR AUSTIN'S MANAGER. BRING HIM BY WHERE WE LIVE ALREADY. ASDFGHJKL.
I know I'll catch up on them. Loved the first season.
and the Giants are losing in frustrating fashion yet again, you're having a bad night chica
Today we're thankful Jared is healthy &back in the service bay, &we are so thankful for all of our wonderful customers, thank you & stop in!
Yeah I'd do it
i just looked at your foundation's website. Very cool! It made me smile. I have a cancerous brain tumor.Awesome page Greg!
"If she's such an angel, whadaya doing looking for her at 4 in the morning?" name that movie.
:O WHAT!!!! i (only) have like 10-12 but one!?!?! dear what does it look like!!!! xD
Random. Ppl still ask me ab my 'son'.I jus try&cut it off or b polite.or say"he good"But wut2say when dey ask ab dat hair.I jus say doin him
Yes! I just got an email from Brittany today!
invisible cities &c
We're thankful. #winning “: I haven't seen one, not even one "I voted for (someone other than )" on twitter yet :)”
you will get through this...be strong! hahaha!
Man I love me some snickers
I know you won't read this but I Love You!!! xoxo :)
#20factsaboutme 13) I have a pair of slippers that look like Sheep! They are so Cozyy!
I think i might loathe powerpoint. When it's bad, it's so bad.
Why I desire stainless however sink fairly than usual kinds | Uzabnet
Haven't we all had just about enough of Ozzie Guillen by now?
i LOVE !!!! just had to scream that out :0)
wrong bro. It means ur drop dead gorgeous
I'm working on it. You think fans would come?
Don't forget to set clocks ahead one hour this Sunday,March 11th! The series finale of #baggage will be worth the lost hour!
Who missed mehhh!!!!!
I don't know Jacob. There are so many new people. It's hard to have continuity. Did Nancy read? How did the POV work for her?
just saw that! I had to look twice to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks! Amazing & congrats :)
almost time for my work bridal shower :)
my friend just texted me that he got a house of blues giftcard so we're gonna go wahh im sorry =/ knife party tho?
I love your smoke signals.
Had a great turn out for a neighborhood walk for my campaign on #neighborhoods, #smallbusiness and #tech. Thanks everyone.
Army reinstating 1st female head of drill sergeants after she fought ... - Washington Post
Last showcase
check out ! We would love to have you on the app
: Did anyone else end up on the list of funniest archaeology blogs? Or was it for the win?
I sware if you did anything to it lmao! I liked the note in it too
#iLoveMyMomBecause she gave me birth
About to shoot some hoop.
Not looking forward to washing dishes during lunch, but I gotta do what I gotta do <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Baseball playoffs, Game 2: Moody 1, Victoria East 1 (top 3rd). Moody has bases loaded with one out.
THANKFUL TO SEE ANOTHER DAY. RISE AND GRIND MY TWEEPS. DON'T LET ANOTHER DAY GO TO WASTE WITHOUT GETTING ONE STEP CLOSER TO YOUR DREAMS.
I hear ya! Were you in chi town all 12 years? I was in florida, came back in winter. That was a brilliant move. . .haha
So what are you selling this time? I've got ride on cars and a Peg Perego double stroller that I loved! Also a mini basketball hoop!
Im playin we going down np “ I know that's right...do dat”
watch cover of Payphone!
|#quotes It is a pretty recognizable brand name. Originally it was "Jerry's Guide to the World Wide Web" but we settled on "Yahoo".
I'm just sayin... you could do better. Tell me, have you heard that lately...
Thanks! Jaimee, just assing some content...work work work, lol
Informal punch bowl poll at Oscar Party finds that #OTRC made a mistake in putting Tony Cabrera on the carpet at VF Party
Older man.....60ish......window down.....smoking.....blasting "Hopelessly Devoted."
Are you living your dream???
if you're calm, patient, and resigned it might be worth a try
oh man! i was wrong and chris brown won?
Let's play a game: Who had the highest electric bill this month?
Maybe I should have remembered the ";)"?
I attended a awesome women's business conference on Sat and looking at biz cards now...3 have the same template from vistaprint
No love...
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Don't trip, don't trip, DON'T TRIP!!
#imisswhen I use to stay wit my momma.. I didnt have to worry bout shit.
I wouldn't be surprised if you opened up a Twine it had Arduino stuff in it.
happens to the best of us
America Ferrera helping HIllary. Ain't mad at that.
Good Morning people!
Welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for !
Learning about how much an eighth of pot is in different countries lmao I love my teacherr. Then he adds "dont ask how I know this" hahah
"...and the funniest thing was riding the jet ski naked." -guy that just walked by me
Rise and shine #Philly! There's so much to do and to prepare for new candidates coming in the office today!
just watch what days you wear it. Direct sun = silly tan!
hey i just wanted to say whats up
really? D: wow lol
We are not only printers, but HUGE tailgaiter's too (UT Football)!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they don't regret the results achieved by divorce.
Thanks for the mention.
hahaha ohh yes, there will be plenty! =p
Salute to those who serve, have served and those who lost their life for us.
Glad the Hammerstep Crew could entertain you last night at the #StPatricksDay reception. Renaissance was a great venue.
Thank u for coming!
Why do i stay, when i know i shouldn't???
#MacBook Circumstances likely to see Apple push MacBook Pro refresh to November
I miss this! we need to hang out this summer :) #loveyougirls <3
Do you know if I'm picking anybody up?
haha they should hand out stressballs and herbal tea
Wise_Kaplan. You are a genius with multitudinous gifts. The rest of us can only, merely, touch the hem of your garment.
LIV creations is an L.L.C. (www.LIVcreations.com)! First Feature Film to be shot this summer!
I need to find an app that lets me locate where the closest bathrooms are- where can I pee on Yucca and Vine? Other than in my car.
“ Frying chicken”BRING ME SOME
Earn it, recognize it, act on it......Gods favor
then you wouldnt have a job...
Why do my doodles always end up looking so phallic?
yea I know I know
Hi Stacy!..:-) WOW!....This is a blessing,& I still listen to your music......God Bless
RT : BBC 'human planet' on bluray. Worth getting? - I liked 'Planet of the Apes' Better! W/ Heston not Marky Mark!
Dear MOM&DAD, sorry for every bad thing I've ever done to you.
The only thing that would have made it better is if Villa had been relegated. It's been an odd 9 days of soccer.
As a Houstonian I have to do a fieldwork on the Lakewood church sometime, We'll see....
" The boss drives people; the leader coaches them. The boss depends on authority; the leader on good will. The boss inspires fear;...
Yeah, it's going to be a sick album. Stoked for All Stars Tour!
That's a good looking group.
hope you feel better =)
take me down, oh yeah, spin me round
Welcome to new women students ! Look for me tomorrow! Pick up flyers that will be Tue Jan 31, 7p in Heritage Hall!
#JanetJackson killed the lap dance to #wouldyoumind Get it :D
Res booked : check. Awesome seats for : check. Amazing birthday weekend?
we gonna get think I'm crazy pt. 2 still?
Why hello hot violin Dad. Take your kid to class often?
Is Much More Than A Monthly Networking Event Now! Stay Tuned For Some Great Announcements On Networking In Atlanta In 2012
Jordan E. Kay. Junior Partner, Sterling Cooper Advertising Agency.
With what?
Vic is critical at hospital “: 900 N Port Street. Eastern District. Adult male shot. Homicide Detectives investigating.”
Tonight's specialty is Jack's recipe for Downhome Punch. Bar is open, come on over.
Up and coming producers... get your hard work on screen and check out our great new festival!
we WISH #Fenty would endorse the writein effort. We want him 2 continue his progress, but he hasn't responded to our call
lol yeah the kid part made no sense. They were trying to wrap shit up though. love what's his face Ritter so much
“: Black Swan crosses $100 million domestic gross today. Congrats !” Congrats co-star !
THIS is why Crabby is one of my faves! RT Until I see a copy of the new CBA with the Smart car i requested, NO DEAL!
you're a really good singer:)
I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by four o'clock this afternoon. -Henny Youngman
Witness prep 5 days in a row next week--
Big 4th quarter
You can email me to discuss further - jhigh at refworks dot com. Or email support at refworks dot com
# InterviewQuestion How are you coming with your child care #Jobs Illegal question - either leave or reprimand the interviewer!
Another turnover, game, set, match
"I am at war 'twixt will and will not".
Yea I Do!
RT : Tuesday Sept 27 come out to our Plastic Surgery & Medi Spa Open House - Complimentary services and products will......
I bet you a) end up working in dark or b) get a large flag to wave periodically to get lights back on
congrats all your hard work paid off.
Of course I forgot a fork for the salad I packed for lunch -_-
Great profile photo! Who took it?
Ivan the "Destroyer" is gettin it in. He's a junkyard dog that the #hawks need. Larry Drew's gotta find him more minutes.
2 visits in 24 hours? Thank you times two!
Check out: TRESemme' Cashmere Touch Hydrating Serum
*gets popcorn* RT : 10am E, ESPN2 Jalen Rose and I hash out our differences over what happened on yesterday's show.
lol ok just making sure!!!!
Awkward moment running with your friends and your leg starts cramping...i felt out of place... O_o
2 guys pried the doors open far enough for her to get out, still with the train moving. That could have ended so badly...
anyone there could talk to NPR about technology infrastructure? any way to contact you?
Dear Portuguese hacker: consider this weekend your worst ever. Sincerely, theWrongPersonToMessWith.
Vale Steve -- surprised to see how deep he had his hooks into my psyche. But the Jobs of the Apple IIe, not the iPod.
my phone is dead. im freaking pissed. i want me fucking ipod back
THINK BOUT IT
The pleasure of taking in the sights/sounds/beauty of Rittenhouse Square :)
agreed. Got home from work trip and saw 3-3 score at half. Fighting tebows pretty darn boring.
oh hell yes!! im ready to get the hell outta here!
350 million Facebook users access via mobile...72% of Baby Boomers have accounts on Social Media Sites. Compared to 79% Gen X and 89% Gen Y.
hm. Next Friday?
jealous! Want to go to new york 2!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
This is why I don't watch the debates. Oh the hypocrisy.
We're headed North and West, unfortunately. Let us know if you need a hand moving, I like free non-gym exercise!
M-a dollar sign son! Rt “: They are playing ma$e in Taylor gourmet another reason why this place rules”
College night at Judge's. 25¢ taps 50¢ mixers 1$ bombs. 2$ off cover with UWM ID!
I really want some jack in the box. Minus the horrible service.
And good luck. :-)
ICONic Flow trend it tweet it live it
I just saw that in today. Hoping to go! It's been a while since I've seen you.
It’s not really Spring until #TheMasters starts.
congratulations! awesome news
I will now fall off the face of the earth for the next month. These classes are going to kill me
how nigga ? And shit goes hard right?
Everyone go follow he is a boss!!!!!
Our days are numbered, so treat your relationships w/ the urgency they deserve. You don't have a lot of time to be a better person.
Touche. I'll quit my whining one of these days. Nice first issue, by the way.
Thxs William! RT : As I remembered best ribs found in little joints in Chicago Twin Anchors top of the list
On my second read-through of Dune, it's even more brilliant.
Students in lecture love being on facebook - how could this be tapped to improve not distract from the learning environment?
Whats you booking email?
First 3 songs off our upcomming album are mastered!! only 10 more to go! :) Hope your ready for this!!! =)
No love lost, no love found
If anybody needs to reach or myself this wknd we'll be at the table outside immediately to the left of the door at Cafe Gitane.
Exciting news to report about 2012!! Check back in soon for the scoop :) -Peace and long runs.
that's the way to go bro.
I just saw your video on and it's pretty bad ass. You are super talented!
Will Ferrell is cracking me up.
carryon is safer. My luggage has been lost before.
Just got home from a prosperous business day. Gained a new location to sell my products & had a wonderful meeting with my business advisors!
I'm tired already. Good night. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Check out new episode of MHSTV @ 5:30. I chat w/ Glendale Raptors James Paterson. Also see Nuggets Arron Afflalo & DU LAX coach Bill Tierney
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
Sneak peek of today's photoshoot pics coming soon. There is a new section called Vibrant KIDS in next month's issue of Vibrant magazine!
Debating if I should even do my eyelashes today :3 hmm.
You better not have just bad-mouthed Die Hard. Die Hard rules.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. Winston Churchill
ATTENTION! :) everyone follow my friend ! She's new to twitter and LOVES ;)
someone's gotta be given credit for Bush's budget surpluses, amirite!?
nope. No WTK. That's all the hints you'll get for now.
Pinpeople, you need to get on this—especially Just—yes. RT : Fill a lonely weekend by coating your TV in wicker.
Congrats! RT St-Germain, Champagne & lemon oil... It's a celebration! I'm officially ABD #PhDflow I passed my PhD exams!
That sucky moment when Austin is going to be performing in New York, Philly, and LA and you can't go see him at any of the performances.
LMFAO you're a disgrace.
Nothing much tired as ever lol
misery loves company
Thanks for the retweet, Natalie! I guess I'm not the only one who's talking to himself... Have a happy day!
Spoiler: everyone dies horribly, kills someone horribly, and/or has gratuitous HBO sex.
I know I read all about you!<3(:
lol haha and y dont u follow me but u followed my cuzins :(
The flu, PMS, and a full-time work schedule all in the same week. I need to cut back on the sinning because someone up there is pissed.
There is quite the buzz about everyone's astrological signs changing...but I've heard it's only if you were born after 2009...this true?
Only one more full week of school and I'm done
#Heat, good luck heading back to the AAC. Think that barn will be tough? It was fierce last night and there wasn't even a game there
A special thank you to LaUra for Rehearsing with me for the Grandmother competition: Belly Dance on episode 1.
BTW will we be seeing you at fEASTival again this year?
that time of the month, huh? .__.
Relationships and friendships are worth fighting for, but not if you're the only one fighting.
Off to my first commercial print audition in a while and I realize I feel much more grounded when I have sides in my hand.
yes, they're out on the nook also. The first one in the series is free. Zombie novels. :p
Depends on how much cheesecake I have eaten :)
If u want sex plz go for safe sex use condoms and enjoy
I hate having Scatter Thoughts .
Copyright camp here? Sounds like fun!
Flash of annoyance I probably shouldn't admit to: The Three Stooges isn't playing at the theater closest to where I live.
trying to track down a 1978 OLC memo--apparently not pub. in Opinions of the OLC.
Yelling at a guy for saying that Zac Efron is hott.
Heyy people(: Hott as butt out, i think the iconic boyz are outside(; Hahaaa,
Shit im staying up tonight:(
Somebody link me to a site to request.... Like that site auntie c put up.
Had a great workout today!
hope to hear from u and ara soon!
LinkedIn Adds the Ability to Follow Companies
Yay, she or I will be in touch. Is Tia still in Madison or Boston now?
I dig your use of the Olde English "grille" spelling. Makes them chickens taste like 1677.
Got the positive out the way...I hate being woke outta my good sleep for stupidity
IMA GO SO HARD FOR THE NEXT GUY I DATE.; TAUM BOUT IMA BE SO COLD HE AINT GONE NEVER BE OFF POINT
Chris Cunningham & Appssavvy killing it at the iMedia Lunch & Learn!
it's better if you gradually ease into the stretch, so as to not pull or injure any muscle fibers.
The app store just got a present from
YES!!! Interview #2 tomorrow :)
5/26 FOLLOWER Special 1 Day Only! E-mail
Cool take on the Civil War in the words of those who were there -
shut up Chippy Dale! That's rude. Chip chip.
definitely. This place is awesome.
stop keep asking.. that's what you should do for me!
WE LOVE SLUTS HAIL GORECOCK
went to college in Aalborg.. Love DK.
Thanks, Pat! You're the best!
Hello. I plan to travel to the UA someday. Got any tips for me when I visit?
I don't think so, but I'll maybe go see him if he's near my country c:
You are of heart one big friend good night the best you speak Spanish o not more Inglish I speak Inglish and Spanish
haha yeah it really is.what's the name of your band?
I dont even know why i wore wat i wore today. It's a turtle neck dress and i feel like im choking!
You know what's a nice, calming thing to see before you turn off the light? A mosquito hawk flying around your bedroom.
nothing really, just watching the game. how about you?
My thought of the day: The old adage 'you can lead a horse to learning, but you can't make it drink'... that applies to #learning too.
Do you want a Website that you'll actually like? Call Exibeo Solutions today and setup an appointment for consultation. 1-800-483-0438
the bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
#Nats layin the lumber tonight. Finally. Get that 20th win kids.
my friend through a rock at this crazy old ladys car and well she chased and we ran lol... It was crazy
you're welcome:), bring her to 1st one of these days:)
so sorry :( stay trong xo
IT ENDS TONIGHT!!! HARRY POTTER 7 LEGGO!!! Sad that this part of my childhood is finally coming to a close but happy for the experience :)
After the 'Terminator Roll',spicy scallop, crab, cucumber, Outside: tuna, avocado, you may say "I'll be back" LoL
Did u win your book?
The rap stations in Atlanta are definitely an upgrade, Jeezys on every station
": happy birthday!" Thanks!!! Any pro shop freebies for me? :)
Good Morning...Go White Sox!
Don't miss out on the opportunity to receive cash back for your purchases with
hey dude if you're in town, come say what's up at our spring release party at today!
cant wait for thursday tacos!
#oomf was on the same street wit me and didn't even get to see each other
thank you buddy!
How many #RObotz bought 's bracelet? :)
Follow Fast so far i know i will only have 50 copies....they will be gone in the blink of an eye #COD #BlackOpps #WEEKEARLY......GAME ON!!!!
So apparently I struck a nerve with people in the Renton Reporter comments.
right back atcha!
You mean this generations' John Lennon?
Dontcha say (dontcha say) goodbye (goodbye)
Join us in 1.5 hours at headquarters for a volunteer fire truck ride around town. Go Ross! 219 7th street.
What a great day here at Metro Eye! Thanks to everyone who came in for the Tom Davies event!
We were running out of pizza dough, I run out to get and my car dies. How much can I take? Trying and sometimes failing. Oye!
spring break felt like one whole school day... went by to quick
Yes, I'll be there. Swap is fine.
Pedro Alvarez single is the only hit the Pirates have had since the 1st inning.
If this was drug case… Martin lived in a minority hood, so being "black" shouldn't have been a suspicion; Nation blew this out of proportion
June 5th could not come fast enough!
Wish we were there! Have a great time!
Happii ThanksGiving World...!!!
sushi the day after a power outage? Not a great idea.
These giant new detailed yummy gummy tourist attractions are as sweet, supple, tender and delicious as a traditional gummy bear
Haha, you miss me and you know it (: #LetsSeeYouRetweet how fuckin right I am.
Killed another great crossfit workout thanks to amazing coach Sarge! Beast mode wild out!
Yeah, that mixtape/album/thing is a mess. It feels half done.
sorry about that, they both work for the same company. It was conflicting.
not quite awake in the fog, oceanside
which rita's
Yes I do. If you keep me abreast I will come to your games. We did a soccor game today in Bayer Park.
Dentist today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
thanks for letting me hang out with y'all!
Got the toes right today. Spring is near, short hair, new figure, new apartment I'm feeling fine. :)
Yes! I am def. planning on stopping by Fri. - keep me posted on ure schedule - coffee or a cocktail is a must! :)
Rick Perry thinks a No Fly Zone is the area above a man's waste.
Cause let's all not shut the fuck up about the Pacers because they're just now on a winning streak.
lol that just made my day!!
Today is just one of those days where your glad your related to your family, rockin out to Michael Jackson in a convertible...Best.Day.Ever.
Watching "The Cure" in health..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Happy Friday! The malls r really busy, be careful if ur out there for Black Friday
#ThingsThatBLACKPeopleDo get tired of these racist ass trending topics.enough is enough.we should love each other equally.not descriminate.
hey suzanne! glad to hear all is well, what are you up to? Still want to see Williamsburgh?
Charged with trying to kill his ex-girlfriend and her boyfriend. The new drug charges against a boulder cop. Live @ 5.
What 2 to 1? Still Need to have the races never know
First a new single, then a magazine this month now a tv show. Wow! God is really good!
That's hard, really hard. I vote #spotify though.
Tball practice and a church league hoops game tonight
Beer helping a migraine, is that natural medicine or foolish medicine?
Mtg re: , taco's w , evening Easter Mass, followed by an hour on the rowing machine.
GO GIANTS!! Even though I am a Jet fan I am rooting for big blue. They are playing great! GO NY!! Thinking of my dad. I miss my ol man.
can't wait for the Fest. We r actually headed to NJ tonight - Jesse Yip party
I still can't believe my little sister got an rt from this morning!
Ok made up my mind bout to get up and and do what I do best get dressed and look FLY AF like I always do aha, go get my check so get at me
Q. Did you hear the Energizer Bunny Was Arrested? R. Charged With Battery!
Need some last minute supplies for the weekend? We're open until 4pm today, come on in!
So, Because i dumped your lame ass, Im a leprachon?? Cute . haha
love that lamp, end table, and those shoes!
One thing I've learned is that referencing one character who was principle in your first book is a good touchstone for readers.
sometimes there are too many papers to push. I wish I could circular file them, if you know what I mean.
Just saved me from my own forgetfulness! Thanks for having my back, Lisa!
I gotta work all night downtown but I'll see you when u guys get in. Tomorrow will be insane.
Going to the mall, by myself -___-
Thank you to Allyson Van De Mark for her donation to Feeding America! Totally feeling the love tonight. <3
So, I'm in bed doing physical therapy on my knee. Snacking meds to feel better,yum yum !!! laying with my baby, and watching ferris bueller
Is your insurance going to cover everything?
Hey Heather. Thanks for the question about . The answer to your ? is yes ... and more! Connect w/ ^me
Im on the bus and i want to puke ughnot to sound snoty but this isnt fun i thought it would be but it isnt =D
I hate people who always talk about themselves.
MON HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
weeks is a long time for that.
Only Spurs fans can call him "Pop" the rest of you who are fans of those other irrelevant nba teams must refer to him as Coach Popovich!
i will dj your party that previously had shitty music but don't get mad at me when those thirsty hoes don't enjoy my ish.
The fact that dylan has party in the usa in his iphone makes me worried
Please help me reach 1,800 today. I'd appreciate it!!!
Absolutely! He's w/u! ;) RT : Thanks for your last tweet! I needed to be reminded today that God's power is always greater. :-)
Oh by all means use the quote. It's good to know that journalistic self-congratulation has such a long history.
is my besttyttttfriend in the entire world I love her #favorite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
You don't understand how happy you make me.
tx for the mention.
HEY! Anyone need any computer help or anything?? I need some extra money.
I've seen more commercials then game so far. Not bad otherwise. How u doin sexy?
4 example, idiot cops/lawyers/judges/liars/perverts/ everywhere slobbering infected thoughts, setting hog like examples 4other people's kids
Patrick Swayze quote: Good-looking people turn me off. Myself included.
my phone was off crazy woman
Record temp. Today- 107! And what r we doing? Camping. At least we have a cabin w/ac!:)
Selling my couch tonight
G (3 years old) showed me their pineapple, coconut, and TWO KIWIS!! :D
Well all I know is that BB has consistently gotten worse, it started out amazing, now it's got 160+ teams?
why do people ***** curse words?
I am still pondering on how someone impregnate someone spiritually .... or better wet... wasnt Mary 16 when ....
We got news for ya El Paso! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
I want to go. Anyone want to join? RT : BEN KWELLER 2/10 @ The Beauty Ballroom. Info on how to get tickets here;
umm just my notes that i took in the chap I think... Not much
The more lights you have in a room, the more freedom you have in lighting options. They don't have to all be on at once!
I wish I had magic to talk to him through my mind and have the ability to freeze time so I can kiss him without worrying <3
Kelly Johnson would be perfect in a Nats uniform next year.
u know what I am 46 and a royals fan for life It is getting harder and harder to listen to u bitch and moan.Relax it's getting better
future Kentucky wildcat.
Butch Blum, will be filming "Style Boost" at Downtown Blue C TODAY! Be in the bar by 5:30 and you might be their next Style Star.
Going to see and at The Recher tonight. First time to see Soja, so I'm excited.
Im not on my way yet.. Still getting ready
#occupy discussion at #afs11 suggests a session on macroeconomics and folklore, the human economy at #afs12. Count me in!
Girl on crutches... Way to steal the show. I see what you did there
Wtf didn't the refs get the $ from the nuggets?
Email for any graphic quotes...
Thanks Lady Di, keep grooving with us!!
what it do
Boise State's Chris Petersen, South Carolina's Steve Spurrier and Kansas' Turner Gill have banned their players from using Twitter.
I've made up my mind - I'm going to do the Rocketchix triathlon on August 1st - no backing out now I have to do it
#PaulyDPregame so excited to watch it!!!
hey Marena! I'm a bad twitter-er-er(?) but saw that you're following me! I trust all is well :)
Watching demo now - its from Pearson, not Google btw - seems more like a twitter/facebook clone than an LMS so far
Thank You have a blessed day... God is good!
Heading to Downtown #Tallahassee Farmers Market! Grab those local veggies
Not an uplifting morning listening to Guy called in to Divorce his wife on the radio...
Any chance you can fix the code for tags like ´ in headlines? I see stuff like "Jose´" a lot.
home sick :(
As a former pro wrestler I'm so glad that john cena did not win
Nice job ladies. It's over! RT Congrats to & 's wife Renee for finishing the #Marathon today.
KIlled the stage last night at the UROCK tour
i repeated this like a million times .Im sure lakers would have lost by like 50 points if Kobe wasnt around huh?
Thanks! love the name :)
Just got my #Springsteen tickets for Sep. 7th at #Wrigley field.
in the end, my hope is that I'm building a rep. for what I agree is the true measure: making good orchs sound fantastic.
10 AM - Noon EST Annual Christmas Tradition on ABC TV the Disney Parks Christmas Parade. Started out Live way back when. No More! To Bad!
Think it was an accumulated sentence? 5 for this violation, 6 for that, etc.?
WHAT?!? NO PARTY?!? -.- we should like hang out tuesday !! yes yes and have that birthday cake cake cake cake cake cake lmao(:
I guess that leaves me. I'll talk to the lady and see if we can make it happen.
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also making a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
The Dipping Pickles in Ketchup While Watching the Women's Entertainment Channel Ending Story
well please spread the word about us!!!
You cut me off. I will ride your ass.
can u please follow me back ?
But his Like Drawing Blood was SO good! I don't see anyone resurrecting the singles from that album...
I hate Races Movies Dey pisses me off
it's abominable
Have fun! ;) but don't get crazy.
That's just how much I love you xD
If only that book wasn't so good, I would have had time for breakfast and would not have had bad coffee and deliciously bad donuts!
burned 145 calories doing 18 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
lol what do those dashes mean?
lmao what can i say. ive had my share of fuckovers
Love getting as hype as KG while watching KG
Thanks, I'm anxious to get back on board...
Life is good.
looks amazing
This shit of american idol is so damn boring... i jus need the black guy 2 win
thanks! Lots of love from my home state!
Wake n bake
thanks dear!! Have a great day at work tomorrow :)
Mayor Barrett says he is confident running for Gov won't distract him from running city. And yes he just voted for himself.
What happened there? Did you unschool/homeschool/GED or finish up in the system?
hey man I make pretty cool music. Check it out if you have time, the links on my page -Con
yes! Call me in the AM !
you may have about an issue and point your mind squarely to the core of the matter. This kind of keen focus will see your way to success
Can they put Dice-K in?
The crew is here in Chicago, and lucky for Josh, I have an American made shower
Need monies, so much awesome stuff coming up this summer that I definitely want to do!!!
i wasnt on twitter honeey bo!
Working on some communications/marketing materials for -
There's nothing more satisfying than making someone you don't know roll their eyes.
but I dont wanna like waste time, if I do go and not like it.
TY for the RT, have a wonderful weekend :)
just sent over your next smash
The weather is fantastic, I've got the day off, and I just realized my shirt glows in the dark. This has all the makings of a great day.
slowly losing INTEREST
sure I'll try!
Apparently the #bills new GM means business.
Thanks for the #FF :-)
Sold out at #IUPUI Thanks!!!
Appreciate you my followers! :) Please help me in getting more, I know you can :)
Get ready, get set, suck my dick. Haha Jenna marbles.
Very true, that's probably right considering the more I think about it I haven't seen that many butterflies lately
ay jayla u should feel like texting me huh!!!! Never mine I have some one to text johan lol he's a nigga
My question is, why did it take so long for him to speak up?!?
what about Tampa
watz that suppose to mean but I was down there workin.all buisness no play time
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
No other college basketball team has more heart than Baylor. Great Win Boys
#RightByMySideVideo tonight :D
Oh really? Is your hubby an engineer? Are these your daughters songs or yours?
Cate Blanchett probably fired her agent after this turd. "Why did I have to lay in a clay hut for 3 months in 110 weather?"
Wen uu get to the point where yur #fedup #tired and #done its time to make changes asap !
yup :) sorry for late reply btw I lost ur number
Goin to bed feel sick tonight I guess....
Sorry for that dead link folks, we're experiencing technical difficulties. I'll get a working one up shortly.
yes! they were very nice and I finally got "you are here" on vinyl. please let me know if you AbKosher ever needs a free remix!
Blaming teachers for failing schools is easy because teachers' backs are against the wall.
How was it? I couldn't make it. Does that title mean the rest of us are doing it wrong natively?
yep. 4 beers
The dance school year is almost over & we're gearing up for the big recital!
Hallelujah! Check out the new Eric Church concert promo, sweep, and cue 2 call. From the almighty
Piss poor preparation promotes piss poor performance
right? Come on, give me a little space! ha ha
I'm really curious to see if they are able to track those rascals down
Ha I love reading #imagines.. :) . Props for those who do #imagine.!!
Looks like we share the same birthday. Happy birthday! :-)
#iamsotiredof 9million+ followers? Cuz he sings & dances black? Looks like a lesbian? Has a universal cure in his semen? What?
thats peace homey....
Hair is considered sacred in certain cultures. Touching or cutting hair is not allowed.
Please continue your prayers! much appreciated! As of right now he will remain on lifesupport for at least another day. He just turned 11
RT Welcoming canon eos 600d as the newest member of my family :D
There is a LOT to do in Milwaukee this weekend! Check it do414.com
Settling in to hear Lauren Willig talk about Jane Austen's accidental afterlife
Just read Ubik. Not a big sci-fi fan (though I've read most of Dick's novels), but good. Sci-fi for people who don't really like sci-fi?
No HBO, no Mad Men, no invitation to a MM party. Guess I'll go reorganize my sock drawer.
Nd follow back
Awesome you are an example to many
Mobile and apps are driving Social Media
gives the best birthday gifts!
Some are better than others, of course. And you can chuck the entire Brosnan ouevre into the shitter, if you ask me.
wc jersey unveiling televised???
Shoutouts to Follow these two!
Ok I just stopped puking for a moment...Shitty game, now clown is even more important. Good news? I got magic trip...it 's great
Had Neem juice :) and getting ready for my morning yoga class.
I love Pomodoro! Where did you learn about it?
at least your outfit coordinates with your sling?
Don't know what to do on halloween :/ Actually I really wanna go out but everyone's away this year -.-'
I suppose it's a good thing that I didn't get to watch The Bears game. Paging Kyle Orton.
my office? My house? My car? Some sort of pergatoryesq place in the woods? A long tennis match?
aaawwwwwwwwww! Not many puppies could top that!
What?!? I'm aggressive all the time! I'm a young lion! Rawrrrrr! What lion would ever even think to bark like a chihuahua?
I loathe spring allergies
i knew it lol
Your number is still in my phone for a reason: to not respond when I see you've texted me
Your write up did!
sadly, no. I'm just there for the last three days of my ship stint in May. Where are you going in Costa Rica?
--- Made the boys look, huh? (he said with an evil grin)
I want to start working out everyday
follow back :)
Harper, that's a good point and I agree. Again with Baum's intro: he wants to delight readers 1st
no. Sudden death overtime is the way to go. Playoff rules all season.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "If you want to FLY, you got to give up what WEIGHS you down!"
Now following new choir
lol not yet. Ill let u know if I ever do.. :p
Reading a 500 page book about the history of cancer is probably the most depressing thing ever
I spent many a lunch break listening,sometimes wasn't even hungry. Good luck on this opportunity, I'll miss my lunch buddy.
is so excited to bring this amazing neighborhood of smartly designed, energy efficient homes to Ontario!!!
I'm glad you are finally coming around to team jbay.
Check out the new background.
I am going to miss coaching this summer :(
Someone text me.
X-Rays, electrodes, a loud and painful(at the time) back crack. The road to recovery has begun!! Same time tomorrow ;)
According to search warrant the mother of the child who died after drinking gas smoked crack infront of her kids.
Snapdragon, Qualcomm, who cares? It will always be Jack Murphy Stadium.
#cocktail time where is your favorite place to go for an after work drink in #Madison?
Aww thank you! You guys are the best :)
it's a driving test kid you got this! :)
On the way back from Philly, AGAIN. That's a total of 9 hrs driving (rush hr yesterday) for a total of 15 minutes of auditions. My poor car.
Flying Fish in Old Town. You are my favorite sushi joint. Good times with Jodi and Glen.
take me with!
bickertons about to get about to the face
Doh! Yes, Tom! Thanks for the help. I'm sure I'll get it. :)
consider me an avid... spectator;) I don't actually xfit but have tremendous respect for it!
Thx! learned as much as others in the class- my learning & the #TRMA585 ah-ha moments w/ tools like twitter made it xtra fun :)
iCIMS is going after Taleo customers unsurprisingly with emails titled "Life After Taleo"
Breakfast in bed for my mommy! <U+E328>
#yougottaloveitwhen the #chiropractic patient gets better immediately. What #migraine? www.3cpdx.com
followed me on Keek! im so happy <3 Now i wish he would follow me on twitter... Please ;)
JUST THOUGHT OF A REALLY GOOD IDEA when one of the boys tweet me one day,you'll find out what it is so anyone wanna like RT me to their TL!?
WOO! Have fun!!
I'm just tired of the single life.
Have a wonderful and safe Easter Weekend!
I wish I could have everything I ever needed just delivered to the house
*Smiles, and hugs you* Thank you, Nessie.
I am super frustrated that I cannot legally download #OnlyTheHorses right now, because I do not live in Jolly Olde.
Will YOU follow ? Because I certainly won't...
I f#cking love to ACT! I love to be in it, watch it, do it, see it, feel it, embrace it.
did you get the invite for Weds nite Women in Technology on FB? Feel free to bring others if you can come...
Most of the time when girls ask a question we already know the answer we just want to hear it for ourselves.
"You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job." - Laurence J. Peter
ou thank you when you follow me :D
coming home from a cold night of work at the barn, and there waiting for me 3 HUGE racks of ribs! <3 oh yes
I've broken three glasses and a pane of glass since i've moved in. Is that good luck or bad luck?
follow if you are a playwright or producer and you want to learn something fabulous and new almost every day. Seriously.
iProspect study found that 67% of online searches are driven by offline messages, with 39% of shoppers ultimately making a purchase
these rewrites must be done by hand
Good luck!!! Thanks for keeping all your adoring fans posted. We are all thinking of you and are so excited!!! Hope all goes well!
o ok
My cat just woke up, licked my nose then went right back to sleep <U+263A> lol
Just skim through the questions & links I posted.
Booty booty booty =)
Oscar Week,get ur 1 guess in by Saturday 8pm EST for Movie of The Year..$300 n bottle of Crystal Champ..My Guess is THE HELP Im+21
haha. how long has it been going on in there?
Did they win the game you went to?
has an amazing singing voice. like no joke...i could listen to him sing all day. <3
Which isn't exactly a compliment haha. But yeah, he's always been a great rebounder for his size.
Relationships are fun
People want to help, they just want to be talked to in a way that inspires them
Im use to that one and done but you got that get it right
Be a blessing to someone today! Think kind thoughts and be slow to anger or assumption. Be gentle with yourself.we r all works in progress.
so sorry!
if my boy wasn't get married tomorrow I'd hit Austin w/ for Cinco de Mayo. Another wedding, lucky me...
noah wrote allie 365 letters, i think you can answer my text
Following man. And spreading the love #Mizzou'04
lol yea I'm cool. Jus been taking a break from all this social website stuff. How are you?
"Maine named most peaceful state in America" #huffpost Of course! Everyone is frozen solid!
well I'm proud to see your accomplishing things with so much on your plate
Thanks for the warm welcome!
haha ive been goodd, pumped that summers practically here how have you been doing??
I love deals! Especially at #sephora. Try code "extra" to get an extra 20% off sale items.
Last tweet goes out to for giving me the idea to use " #oomf" :)
Every time Emerick used the term waffle board, I crave the Rooty Tooty Fresh and Fruity breakfast.
That moment when doesn't text you back and leaves you all alone
nope i dnt lol u got ass hairs let me braid them
Nutella and Vanilla wafers=Happiest girl ever (:
CJ Watson needs to be your bama of the week, week!!!
Herman Cain's candidacy reminds me of Peter Sellers' in "Being There"
I had a great day with tori and katelynn thanks for paintin my car!
Advice on How to Start a Clothing Line From Well-Experienced Fashion Consultant Rodrick Rainey
I just created this account to find online network marketers to follow and become friends' with. Thank you for checking out my profile.
Ha ha four double plays love it
Ive Seen And Read Worst
yeah I'm the lazy one :P
Good morning art world! What are you creating today?
You should print your photo, dunk it in the mud, and tape a shitty piece of yellow film to it. Instagram'd! :)
Any city any town stick me where the hood at.
thank you for the RT and the favorite! James 1:19 is one of my favorites too and one I try to follow daily. God bless!
Here comes #CardiacCapps ... Hold your breath ladies and gents.
When women don't see other women in powerful roles, it's "symbolic annihilation."
Thanks, you too ;)
"Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts." Arnold Bennett
It's Friday
“: I found an Iphone 4 Yesterady...shit made my day lmfao...” Oh I'm glad you found my phone, I was looking of it lol
oh boy here we go againn
I'm admittedly not the biggest #MLB fan but missing #OpeningDay after missing #finalfour is tough when abroad. Go #WhiteSox!
so hes gay?
A study at The Kinsey Institute found some of the most common problems with condom use to be damage (74%), not checking the expiration da...
I miss last year
on it like white on riceq.
THANK YOU!!
Wow. WTG Palermo's! RT : Huge thanks to for incredible donation of 36,000 pizzas! You guys are amazing!
I know!! *excitement*
Celtics guard Rajon Rondo scored 4 points with 8 assists and 3 rebounds in the first half.
John 14:1 "Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me."
I'm running into problems working toward admin license due to not having teaching experience...despite 12 years equivalent wrk as psych.
their lining green up on Summerville... I dont know if I like that? Did you packet pick up already?
Sitting on the couch with :)))
you should totally do that! I'm pretty sure they'd lose the road war against cars.
WTF? I'm the furthest from being a belieber than i can ever be! i can't stand him!
RT : Don't miss my 2-part special assignment at 9 all about bones! Tell your friends! did an awesome job.
thanks for the heads up!
just gave me the best hair massage and wash!
Heavens no, let's kids get addicted to a genre! We can encourage diff genres in an APPEALING manor - but never pressure.
RT : Every nigga that plays for the lakers needs to tear an ACL simultaneously. (Damn! Lmao!)
Are the Bulls in trouble? What's up with injuries across the league? has those answers & more on the show now!
haha we will be here whenever you make it!
This info will be useful! RT RT : Barrio in Tremont serves Tacos until 2am 7 days a week.
And then I spilt coffee all over my dad's car.
ohh lord u dnt even knw what i meant
you are so beautiful! An with all respect your body is amazing! So so gorgeous!
tell her too close them too.... I could smell it all tha way over here
turning 14 tomorrow :p
How on earth was that a tech on Faried??!
So profound! After all these years, I just got outt my way. Amen to that bruh!
I get to do demo this weekend guys, you jelly? Lol
"Vigil" at the Mark Taper--2 hours of my life I'll never get back. Oh, wait, I got an hour back--we left at intermission!
Senior Expo at Foundation House in Bothell is going well. Love meeting these folks with their great stories and experiences!
Mr Davis is killing me with these reading guides!
2011.08.20 #Brewers 11 #Mets 9 | K-Rod goes back home / Blows the lead then gets the win / crazy good fortune
:D vas ir a school?
Congrats on your launch!
tag me
tweets too much
Want to buy book & journal & of course a t-shirt from , but there's a horde in front of their table. A mustachioed horde.
Not Rebecca Black's Friday? "Fun fun fun fun"
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
Sounds great. I have to say, I'm pleasantly surprised by the boldness of the vision on these boards. They went for it.
Have a wonderful and safe holiday weekend #Chicago!
I feel so far away being on the West Coast. Right now watching "Say Anything." makes me miss my guy WAY too much.
FWIW, I shopped at one in the UK and it was crap. But I wouldn't skip due to ONE bad location. Dunno if there are any here.
Bringing in more antiques today, getting ready for the weekend, hope the weather gets a little nicer though....
OH: I can't watch sexy people when I'm sick...
don't do that dunn sonn!!!
If your up text me!
Tropical Hot Dog Night... Like two flamingos in a fruit fight!
the trial, holy rollers, zombieland or any anthony bourdain...for starters!
Liam ! :o i Cant ' ah >.< another i miss , well next time (x
Can You Do Me This Huge Favor? FOLLOW ME!(: I LOVE YOUU!(:
Put in Wiltjer
1963- #Beatle George #Harrison was impressed by an unsigned rock band he just heard called the
I'm really excited for our carb day attire
bonus points for me, then -- nature has its own lighting. ;)
Sooner or later we will be featured in a mag !
Just ordered 2 Responsive Design Sketchbooks from
Sounds exciting! Looking forward to chatting.
I couldn't stand all the singing. Every dang chapter it seemed like there was a song! I liked the Hobbit a lot, though.
The Killing has gone on too long. Too many twists and turns for its own narrative good. And I can't be the only one weary of the rain.
You are uniquely you
still went. it was delicious!
sorry I've been #MIA for a while. i just have no time these days
but I don't live there?
lolzzzzzzz this is funny to me
hello everyone:)
thanks for spreading the word!!
#RadioWaves make sure to check out what is up to this week www.rftpmusic.com
Back in the USSR - or so it feels having watched a 4-year-old boy get body-searched before international departure.
Day 1: truck needs work. Know any certified weldors?
Brittany Griner is #Juwannaman. Show me that birth certificate.
we r now. Lol wicked storms.
New SINGLE called "DJ BRING IT BACK" produced by will be up for listenling soon.VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.VX!!!!!!!
Thanks for the motivation, got me in a better mindset to go out the door with! Got in 18.5 mi before the crazy day began!
Thanks! I am really going to miss the shuttle and all the great people behind her. So glad u made it out for this.
Neutrino a go-go.
Send Austin Fan Mail - Austin Mahone PO BOX 592288 San Antonio, TX, 78259
this afternoon's research question is about the loma prieta earthquake
...close win over clemson huh.....lmao...guess tajh shudnt have said our defense is average...they wore him out all night
The hubs not only fell asleep but, went to bed at 11:20. Boo. Happy New to me and my bottle of sparkling...
wassup morris just wanted n2 tell u dat u were my favorite player in college and now u got drafted by my favorite team
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Word is bond.
I know cuz we are going to be all excited and act like we high...on life (;
“: can you imagine how many hundreds of calls blown over the years before instant replay? championships won/lost?” yep
o m g, I think he was the best singer out of the whole show!
Mahomies can get trends going faster than any other fans <3 because we are more than fans and would go to the moon and back for austin <3 <3
good luck today sir.
If you're serious about your word, I suggest you start being serious about us.
: "the most unbelievably awesome hour I've ever had. Each entrepreneur is more amazing than the next" - Monica
Arizona makes me stay up al night this house it's this house I swear :p
sweet idea for the sandwich contests. The Fiona is awesome!
#milwaukee Good morning-Rise N Shine! Grab a cup of coffee, hang out with the staff here-do a little shopping before you get to the jobsite!
4th of July: perfect time to update New Year's Resolutions. Make sure that one resolution is to see Strictly Painting 8 at MPA.
Welcome back to the playoffs Grant!
Congrats to Cue Ball on their sucessful #oncue2011 event! PlanetTran was proud to be a sponsor.
I hate when people dont put AN in front of a vowel.
I'm for sure the realest hooper you'll find in a se park please beg to differ
I was messaging u in league of legends to play with you but I guess u didn't see it
keep calm, and love one direction<3
#FF thanks for RTs this week!
I can't wait to open the market with " APRO.PK " tomorrow penny stocks will trun my life around..
Haha well I was gonna go to the mall,Ohh well that's why there's netflix!(:
This Is The Part Of Me That You Are Never Gonna Ever Take Away From Me
What a terrific terrific episode of
That is without a doubt the coolest idea I've heard in a long time.
heyy:) do you have facebook? if you do could you LIKE something for me?! it's for a contest :)
whenever I see you talk to girls I cant help but...wake up from my sleep
The Human Centipede II - what the fuck did I just watch? O_O
Extremely proud to work for especially after hearing 's talk tonight at the #StartupAmerica event
you're in such good shape weirdo!
We hope you picked up a box ! After all, it was National Chocolate Chip Day. :)
thanks for sponsoring the show
What is WITH this show??? Disturbing. I like it!
THANK YOU for saying this.It was necessary.Some people don't get that they hurt Selena.
if we blame diabetes on "capitalist food production," do we disempower people to make their own health choices?
4. I WAS BORN & RAISED IN THE STL!
Absolutely ;-) RT Movie night with , ice cream slurpees & fresh popcorn. Should we watch ...#Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
The pubic wig has been around since the 1400s. It was originally worn by women who wanted to hide diseases like syphilis.
find me then its Cody Nicolas Argumaniz
don't diss our community just bc of one Twitter account Jen
Enjoy the vacay!!
Some crazy girl gave me her number and told me to call her maybe. Her name was carly rae?
Just saw Redtails. Awesome movie. Great history lesson.
April 22 -- when's your half marathon?
lmaoo , then the tv is heckaa lame .
i just woke up, but soon as i find some food ima take a nap lmao.
I am indeed.
Ive be wonderful and Busy... Need to catch up with you....
Lol you already know
Charles Barkley's talkin' trash again! He called the Riverwalk "that dirty little creek" last night, do you agree or is he talkin' smack!?
One thing that I would like to do is get to know #oomf with a phone call <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
So cold
Hey skinny new kushhouse cd coming out soon?
My mind has been on a totally different level lately. It's almost scary.
Cosentino: Watch your voice in phone interviews. Be like a Harvard Professor: often wrong, but never uncertain.
Spartans did not capitalize enough on UofLs horrible start
You know what? I'm done trying.
I have never seen something like this before.
oh hell yea, i love me some dragon balls
just did; Followed <U+2665>
thanks for the great article! Post grad job hunting is never easy.
hahaha baad idea. When I get an iPhone I'm switching networks. Sprint had a tower down and I literally JUST got service back
Up @ 4 am two weeks before school starts. Dear brain: PLEASE SHUT DOWN. (Oh wait, that's for computers, right?) starting to blend!
That IS good news! My 3 year old is still unsure about my little baby. Your boys are close together!
Music from The Thin Blue Line by Philip Glass.
So sad. is our fave.
Why didn't anyone tell me about skylight books in los Feliz? Amazing. I got my porn, fiction and philosophy fill in one place.
East coast to the mid-west
I want to go on the spaceplane. I lost my 200 grand on Chippewa though...
Custom Screen Printing - 800-724-0577 or . Get your estimate! No setup charges, no hidden fees!
I know you ain't cussn !
You can now follow the Progressive Community Calendar on twitter at
ATL in Sep to get that green ticket from
We hit a record 76 hits for 1/19/12. Hopefully this can become a regular trend. :)
e:-) Excellent choice to cheat on a diet. Well done! However that sounds way to tempting as I am dieting myself.
childishly, i like to say "googers" not "googlers"
The Usual Suspects is such a good movie, every time it come on I have to watch it... Keyser Söze... "And like that... He's gone"
Ciao Bella Jewelry is gearing up for Valentine's Day! Do you have a gift for your sweetheart? We have many great gifts to offer.
your brothers are seriously the cutest!!!
I just got a T3i which is a Canon's entry level and love it. The next step up is the 60D. Start small and see if more is needed
You got it David - looked like something you'd find valuable. Saludos!
Dad is going to get a TV for his birthday. I think he would rather have a bottle or sweet bread.
<U+2610> I Love You <U+2665> <U+2610> Friends Until The End :) <U+2611> I Hope You Get Hit By A Bus. jkjkjk lol
I missed it too but I'm going to watch it when it comes on next.
Resource of the Week: Amazing Animals of the World, includes facts about animals: where it lives, what it eats, and more!...
Kids did Secret Santa w/ each other 2day...Dyllan made Tia a video, Eli wrote Naika a song & the girls did Bama pics 4 boys! Pics to follow!
#ShawnMikael(s) first Fringe Fest. A blast.Thanks to for a damned fun run. On to Leesburg, Harrisburg, DCImprov
I hope you decide to join us at St. John's. It's a great place to launch your future from!
It's serendipity: his Chase IRA matured this month and he wants financial assistance while I'm in town...
I'm seeing this evening, time is slowing and working against me.
Welcome to twitter Susan!
Maybe they'll just skip real 4G and call it 5G. Or 4G For Realz.
Cuddling > everything else
I'm to the point where I'm done with everybody.
...incase Caleb wanted to know where you live?
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady lose shady
haha i want some pasta to
o i jus looked at ===> pro....i remember her cute ass...she was bout to get beat up by keisha rite!
stab someone.
Well it is finally here! 24 wks till #ironmanLouisville started my training schedule this morning. Got a great swim in this morn, run tonite
showing off some awesome shoes coming up at 6 - the best part! They are all under $40!
to be honest all the data journo stuff feels like a load of dingos kidneys.
Thanks.. DM me ur # so we can talk
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!X]
You're a weiner!
If Newt becomes President, there will be MANY volunteers to go to Mars!
How does May 3rd look for you?
i second this statement !
Right about now Deadpool is wondering how you got inside his Comic Book...
Diablo I is about to be released, guess I better order it for the library's video game collection!
Besides being an ethnic portmanteau, Blatino is a place in Bulgaria.
Thanks for the follow!
#SteveHarveyMovie----I haven't seen it yet but yes I am a DREAMER/MAMA'S BOY~BAMM
#pod #photography. It's beautiful and frightening. I love it.
Consider it pure joy when you face trials, they develop perseverence and that develops character so u will b whole lacking nothing...
Teen's drive led to EMT, teaching - Hutchinson News
Fact of the Day: In an earthquake, Tim Wakefield's knuckleball appears to be perfectly flat.
So sad to hear of the passing of Tim today. He was always willing to help me out when I needed it. So respected. He'll be missed.
Go Real Salt Lake!
Jonesing for #OregonTrail Photos! I know you guys are hard at work and appreciate it! Thx for covering the event!
So excited about St. Louis. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0086><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Most of us are cheaters , why because we cheat on our future with our past
#Badgers get four points out of one possession - a FT from Wilson, an O-board from Brueser and then a three from Taylor. 46-40 now.
What will you do with your free time? : )
RT Enjoy the weekend!
Wrong answer!
So funny because I think I saw one in my kitchen this morning..maybe if I send it love it will go away?
no only in private
looks like my #softball game will be cancelled - I was ready to hit some bombs tonight!
This fanfic > sleep
let the reefer party begin
and what about you?
S/O to my new follower
. Home Bar Staples: Vodka, Gin, Rum, Tequila, Whiskey, Triple Sec. OJ, Sour, Cran, Lime Juice. Ice. Adjust as needed. :-)
A favorite has no friend! - Thomas Gray
Beach Boys Pet Sounds and tribute to the wall of Sound is almost two weeks away. Git your tickets now!
I hate how I'm always the one attacked.
Had another great turn out for FNM 40+! Hope to see you all next week to throw down!
OK let me know when u free
That should do it
we had fun doe , that was only thing that ruined it
"the multiplicity of data references" will be the ongoing battle & grading goodness of multi references
Happy Halloween! Remember we have tons of deluxe/specialty strip on lashes to put that finishing touch on your costume. Be safe!
Any Web Design or Graphic Design intern interested in revamping our FB Page?? Let's Talk...DM us.
i'm on there but I never make playlists. I only use it on my computer.
He can u go to the movies?
Looking for a bass player. If you think you or someone you might know might be a good fit, send us a message. No slappin' da byass mon.
so , I've moved on . And I now hate you .
YIKES! I would be screaming. : A mouse just skittered across the floor.
HAAN RMF 4 4 Pack Replacement Pads Fast shipping and pads are ...
congrats on being on the "Best places to work" list from !!
I don't even think you have to ask, ME ME ME!
O your late lol
What on earth is hacker dojo? I suppose I could look it up, but that's not very tweeterific now, is it?
I don't wanna talk about you like you're not in the room.
yes! Text me
there's a ton; some of the best in short form online. But it will give away all the plot twists if I rec it...
*tear* I want to thank not only god but Jesus for the day I followed you :')
Thanks to : book "The Innovators DNA". Mastering the Five Skills of Disruptive Innovators
A mysterious holiday wish from an elf, Happy Valentine's Day from Spriggan herself!
We are clearly the cool kids for thinking of real live, consuming whales!
A group of TN librarians is in Washington DC this week participating in Natl Lib Legislative Day! TLA Prez giving updates.
thank you! we love it too! ^jv
Just because it is raining doesn't mean you can't still have fun. Stop by Decanter event at Pimlico! 12-6 PM
fine n u
GIRL RESPECT is trendin' now, we did our job well ;)
Visit here. Follow. Sign up for run. Do it. Lung cancer sucks.
Watching school us on the proper ways to use NSURLConnection… including the deprecated stuff
are you and Scottie still shooting that?
There are jello shots at this party but they do not hold a candle to yours
Hey Babe guess what? Ill love you till the day i .. Find a better girl
how bout the whole night? I want a Marcus Anthony/Jason Wayne match!
. appreciate the set list tweets, scott. and official grand opening congrats to
THANK YOU!! LOOK FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS TOGETHER!!!!
Looking for call center agents to sell beauty things to beauty stores nation wide in the USA... Please make comments if your intersted
come out and support tonight at 7:05pm!!!
Today is my "doabsolutelynothing" day. I think I've earned it.
Very nice turn out for Left Right + Christ event at Union Theo. Seminary!
cool lol oh and... i lik ur new pic pretty coll!:) lol cait wait till friday get to see my boyfriend yeah
I'm only mean when I'm hungry lol
feel better!
What's wango tango?
When are you going to get a verified account ?
What do you think the jury will decide in the Amy Sensor case?
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
I've been loving your tweets today.
whenever bro I'm down for whenever
I'm just the reporter here RT Dude, that's disturbing.
Just ran inside to ask .. who is playin #golf in #denver today???
RT Its been times when I would write a research ppr and short hand %80 of it
#Indians and #BlueJays both with 2 runs on just 1 hit.
Random late night question: what's your favorite literary costume?
if only! It was a great presentation!
~love the name you and chose for your bundle of joy.
S/O to for being one of the coolest and prettiest girls I know
how far have you read in the books?
It smells like eggs on the train, which can only lead to the smell of egg farts later. Lucky me!
I am pleased and surprised that you still hear that song. M. Is in good hands. <strong>GUITAR!!</strong>
As soon as you hit December 1st nothing arrives faster than Christmas!
Finally starting to watch with
I want to dress up. I'll just bring a wardrobe change.
I found out that Don Quijote dies so I don't really have to take Spanish 4 anymore.
exactly! I'm an experienced brand journalist - I'm growing communities through digital storytelling... how about you?
On my show I play Broadway showtunes. More of an avocation. My wife and I do lots of animal rescue work, though.
So I'm watching Avatar in 3D on my Samsung Smart TV.. This shit looks bad. And by bad, I mean AMAZING. #21stcenturyslang duh. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Thx for the follow ladies..:-)
Do you ever wonder?
Friend just alerted me to the fact that an ampersand looks like a guy dragging his butt across the floor & I will NEVER be able to unsee it.
well im in 2 hours im going to my spring football camp it is going to be fun
I love the tube of cream cheese coffee cart lady gives. Bagel get jealous with what I do to that tube. ;)
The longer you hide your feelings from him, the more you'll fall for him.
Kobe Bryant's night looks done with 7:52 left and the Nuggets leading the Lakers 101-73. Kobe has 31 points.
How is everyone this evening? Did you get to play in the sunshine today?
Just email me ()
Feel like I owe people an apology .
The sheep will continue to be sheep at the expense of workers.
Good morning
Another day, glad to be alive....and to work on time, always a toss up
blog girlfriend metromilwaukeeliving.com awaits hm maybe best places to go on a cold Sat in Jan brrrrrr
Reno is burning. It is striking to wake up to the south all smoke and fire.
We're sorry to hear that! What exactly was different from our normal service? Hope you'll come give us another try!
Like blonde blonde.
Oh No! That's no good. I'm sorry, Jill! it was great running into you today, drinks this week?
McDonald had a game score of 76 tonight. Tied his near no-hitter and Burnett's first game for the best Pirate start this year.
“ . Think I'M going to get married. I think it would be so so sweet.”
goodbye social life, hello the Sims 3.
Who did you choose to go all the way this year??
well what else could we do?
Reggie Aqui seemed sorrowful about the guy trying save his 2 year old in the river!
So glad I finally got to see
I hate people
oops sorry I didn't mean to tag you! :)
All is fine
Ahh, yes, and I've got all of those things, though I might hold off on the soup until a more reasonable hour ;)
#FriAt5 at C. Grace y'all up for it? i've been wanting 2 go to CG
Working on supports&training for our teacher leaders; would love to brainstorm approaches
I love the truly great casting directors...they just 'get' you. (You know who you are!)
Hey you sexy beeyotch!
#eagles and #cowboys lose! Great Sunday so far!!
happy birthday man
YEP RT What if I'm in love with someone who's introverted? Does that mean I get to talk nonstop for the rest of my life?
Got a lot of stuff on my mind today, thinking about everything.
today is my birthday! :) I hope you notice me :)
I'm scared of rollercoasters too,can I ride you instead?(;
Booze, small venue. Great peeps.
The Rodeo Parade starts in 15 minutes!! Send us your pictures if you are at the parade this morning!
after the fact? No thanks!
Ryan O'Neal's son Patrick on with us NOW! Defending his Dad, saw tweet and called us!
Two thumbs up and a big thank you to Arlington!
I wanna be Batman! :)
5 rose bushes planted, 2 azaleas and 8 strawberry plants. Celebrating the digital release of "Out of the Shadows"..Goin fishing later..
just seen the google maps car.
Work work work!! ;)
Determined to actually be productive today
Perfect snuggle weather. Nice && Cozy:)
You Would Make My Christmas 100% Better If You Followed Me. Love You!! (: <333
yea you should probably have this.
Thanks! And (I believe) all images are used legally. That is the tough part of presentation images.
So excited for
my boyfriend is adorable.
three more hours!
this is wild man
F the DMV seriously.
Why can't I get you off of my mind?
Lost our lease?
Practice tomorrow!
Tehya wonders why I'm putting things in the window. Oh, kitty, those are Christmas decorations...
I met the discoverer of the first black hole in the universe, Very humbling to be in his presence.
many thanks for the response.
Today's NY Times crossword puzzle, done last night in Dad's honor, is like an angry debate in a maze.
Watching Power Rangers Samurai
We have experience printing for political campaigns. With many products including, candidate brochures, palm cards, mailers... and more.
Get ready freddy for some music tonght in Murfreesboro, TN w/ We go on at midnight!
It's styling - 05/16/12: Peptides came to the cosmetic industry's attention due to their ability to heal wounds by increasing product...
you're welcome. What have you got planned for it?
Is it me or has micro blogging become stagnant? I sit here, I post, and yet I feel dull. I think I'll do something about it.
Yes...sadly, yes. Should be titled "Grandma Gone Wild", really.
Anyone taking bets on if I get "escorted" out of the hospital today? Is it bad the staff know me by my first name?
Linfield: attacks on #humanitarian workers part of wider attack on the concept of the civilian.
Helen Thomas is clueless and utters stupid stuff that she heard other people say. In this case, what Obama said to her in private.
#MonsterEnergy may be the same color as antifreeze, but I'd drink it more often than water if I could.
all the guy is doing is fitting in new curtains & he's already made a huge mess in my EX-TIDY living room urgh
Thank you Lord! finally got fired. Finally!
and I thought I had a blogging problem. :-)
FOLLOW ME TWITTER FRIENDS, PEOPLE IM FOLLOWING PLEASE DO THE SAME THANKS :)
Look at me when I'm talking to you .
you were 10 minutes late!
People all over this country are answering calls for help! Thank you to everyone that has contacted us to get involved! You are all amazing!
Questionable value in second trade of day 1 and two reaches according to NFL Network. Broncos likely to get low draft grade. Time will tell.
I really really really really like James Morrison right now.
still working...
$12+ for one 15" sub with chips and a drink at #Cousins?!!? Will be sticking w/ #Subway and #JimmyJohns from now on!
Come over and eat dinner on the island if you like today around 5 *if back in town.
welcome to the iPhone family.
Is it sad that I want to see the fresh beat band in concert... Don't answer that. It is sad, but I don't care! :)
still? Tell her I love her.
awful! how can we get community back?
#Np Wild Boy - Always Amps Me Up In The Morning
Originality is my favorite quality. You have to lead yourself before you can lead others.
Lol! RT : Only went 1-15 on lights on the way home but got hit on by high school girls in a Jetta so it balances out.
Chilly day in New England... What kind of #coffee should we get with our bagel? Or maybe... hot #chocolate?
There's an alley in Harajuku near the Stussy/Undefeated with 3 or 4 stores. Between them you'll find some sick kicks
#NowPlaying John in the Morning Show
I can send the numbers of the cards I used that were involved in the scam.
- You sound cool, too. Since your degree in horribleness is honorary, mine was earned. I bet we are equally horrible.
I just wanna stayy home stupid testss. :/
Don't need someone like that
Smiling at the bitch that hates me just cause it makes them hate you more
"The shortest distance between two points is under construction." Noelie Altito.
Have a happy Easter break, everyone!
Wow I'm sitting here at the DMV LOONG AZZ LINES
(it means you're obsessed with one direction)
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it
#GetsOnMyNerves when people show up at their own event LATE !! Really? C'mon now... Lol
thanks for the follow! MUFC fam!!!
get the fuck outta my face stanley.........o stanley
On that note I'm off to the P for some craziness, that would be drama free craziness! ;)
THXS TO THE PPLE WHO FOLLOW THX SO MUCH<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Don't let your ears hear what your eyes didn't see and don't let your mouth say what your heart doesn't feel.
The Puccias are 50% off tonight....
Grunge is so in, lets all dye our hair a cute pastel color yalll
Making waffles for breakfast >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
The sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you.# oomf
I sleep with my phone just incase #oomf needs me. <3
well maybe your new boyfriend can call you baby(;
Her mom was Jane Mansfield!
Hey ! We received our People Love Us on Yelp letter and sticker today! We are glad to be so loved!
Finally caught up on your Tech News Today interview -- liked it a lot! Also, nice to see you in video! :)
We're here @ the Anaheim Convention Center til Sat for the American Baseball Coaches Association. Sunscreen fundraisers = perfect for sports
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves. Francois De La Rochefouca
i jus taught my mom how to Reject!!! ROFL she fell a few times but she eventually learned!=)
they are already awarded says since 12/25/2011 and when I log in my gamerpic also doesnt show only my gamertag
Are G and the #Flyers channeling the whiney, entitled Pens?
Hustling to get to get stuff done
Tomorrow the #Xavier club volleyball team heads to Kansas City for nationals. Hoping they do well in play!
Can we please revive our COMPANY for Sondehim's bday?! Amirite et al?
Abt the home occupation? Not that I've heard.
aggressive joe
or when your in the tanning bed lmaoo
i never noticed it before, but now that you mention it..
Think that it's time for a game with of
- you're such a sweetie.
I love Apple but don't think I'll be standing in those crazy lines today!
Has it really been a week since #delany?
:( Ouch!!! Stupid iPhone elbow! :) I'm sorry you have that pain, I think I'm developing it too. I copy you a lot don't I?
Snooki will give birth to a cheeto.
I lov ur YouTube videos a lot
woo hoo! People are speaking up! This is Awesome!
Bar-b-q and beans<3
tweets every song he listens to. Someone teach this kid bout twitter
I miss being close.
Can't believe next year is my 10 year class reunion.
handled like a boss proud of you!
Still amazed at last nite's show. Duet w/ kid from audience, crowd-surfed, brought fans on stage, 3 hrs of great music!
A big stop by the Giants D!
A good choice by my Now let's see what the can do. They need to beef up the O line I think. Protect
The website is live and running.. the votes are crazy already. If u think u've got what it takes..become a member @ theeroticchallenge.com
A Thank You haha
Jackie, thanks for the follow
Everyone check out & follow
Did you check out some new places this weekend? Don't forget to rate/review on ! Announcing fun contests this week for users!
Thanks for the follow; Im releasing a single off my second tape later this week; check it out if you have the time -Con
Aargh US culture MT I was math-CS undergrad in Algeria .... 50% were female same ratio for Lib Science? Math was not a guy thing
Bible #totalblackout funniest show ever !!!! I died :D
#ThinnestSportsBooks #WNBA list of women that ARE NOT lesbian..
S/o to everyone who came thru the kickback at the crib last night too much #KUSH not enough swichers
Roll Tide
Nossa! É isso mesmo! It's certainly how I feel at times.....
Come check out our acoustic foam!
hey watcha up to i missed tweeting you feels like forever lol
CBSSanFrancisco Rewards via
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine? Once apron a time no body gave a fuck. The end.
It's an acknowledgment of similar tastes. If I ever saw you online playing SSX for instance, I'd DM you a pat on the butt.
Attn all poets - were looking for a special poem to represent our Org. please submit to
Love it. Great stuff!
Hope he has a successful surgery.
how long is the car ride ?
#peopleiveseenlive High School Musical, Hilary Duff, The Jonas Brothers, Cheetah Girls, yeah I'm cool (; Paul McCartney and Justin Bieber <3
RACHEL CROW!! luv that girl
hey was good
NICE jersey!!!
Fuck you, asshole who is honking at me. I'm pretending your honks are actually applauds for my amazing driving abilities.
Still no Internet at my place. But I WROTE ON THIS THING CALLED PAPER TODAY! Its not too bad :)
things looks for in people: passion combined with calmness + competence combined with humility
were they wrote in crayon?
well i dont have any names right off th bat. google it
happy new years!!
no it doesn't matter - I have 3 tracks you can download and write over - stay in touch your voice belongs on the radio
#PhiMA great point from Kevin Hein- facebook is about word of mouth and engagement-your customers r there
We're pleased to be at #NADA2012 in #Vegas this week! Are you attending?
I really like SKY 7. Shouldn't have waited so long to upgrade.
She's so sweet (even though she's crashed her Prius into every car on the street at one time or another).
ugh you done goof'd son.
BGC my show, but all dem hoes Weak cus they had to jumped each other for the Whole season
It's #Nationalgolfday and iam at work!
No other boat company offers more to customers than MarineMax! Working together towards one goal. Maximizing enjoyment your on the water!
for what ? I didn't even do anything tho ?
interesting note that Betty Crocker no longer advertises on TV.
so awesome! You guys must be on cloud 9! :)
and I are watching a channel that has all folk songs that we sing at camp. Where have all the flowerz gone lol
sometimes i do it when im wicked high.
w/ Jenny chillen in Math, waiting for the freaking bell to ring. -.-
in nerd glasses. #TutorMeBaby ;)
Raise your hand if you are tired of the "Kim Jong Un dead" vs "Kim Jong Undead" spacing tweet.
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if you’re thrown around, get up and go again
When do you get to Indy?!
Question: I need to go paperless. Recs for good systems? Scanner, software, methodology, whatever. My filing system is a failure.
Yep. Got a couple other stories coming on Snappers players: One on A.J. Pettersen and one on Miguel Sano. He's good.
If a girls biting her lip, you know your doing a damn good job with whatever your doing.
& I thought any heretic appearing on 700 Club burst into flames from the concentrated hate!
haha so u don't want one
yup after the Bucks game
For us, these are the days
Archivists, are you or is your institution adding photos to ?
Yes, we are currently just in the US, based in Washington, DC
These niggas on the 49ers out here hitting
“: Amazing! I never knew Faryn was the matriarch. When did she usurp Jen??” after we killed Jen!
We're all just walking each other home. <U+2015> Ram Dass
Workout time :-)
is my Netflix really still "retrieving" I hate when it does this..
The credo: 'Investigative' with a veneer of ignorance.
ah!! Me too! Possum! Haha I will never forget that !(:
No apologies needed! If we all read every article on every blog we get linked to, we'd run out of time fast! Thanks for asking!
your ticket to hell just got a little express stamp on it, girl ;) hahaha
RT : Life is precious, to be welcomed, cherished & celebrated
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. ~ Oscar Wilde
You know you're a grown-up when...you do a happy dance after a new washing machine is delivered!
When I hear "Breakin' My Heart" I tend to think about my Ex.....
Cory & Shawn <3
SO MANY MEMORIES IN THAT PLACE
FB said to befriend someone with which i have no mutual: friends, interests, networks, or work/school history. Yes, I still friend-ed them.
Oh, no, no, no. Bedrooms aren't for tv's! Bad Feng Shui. :)
Really? I'm sorry... it wasn't intended to be. It always made me feel better, though I can see how it could be taken otherwise
i dee kay.
Oh hey, back to disinterested Billy. Way to really sell something that was actually kind of cool, dick.
thx you too. Got real nasty last week but feeling much better now after the meds ;)
$20 that Kobe does not get his sixth ring this year!!!
Again I'm offered food at SBUX today - I'm told they're supposed to be specific - they really are McDs, need a new place.
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
I'm a big fan of the show, and you are the best cast they have. Let me get a shout out, I just got into dental school!
FOR SURE. better be prepared for Thursday tho..cause I got you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Okay I could get a facebook later or just follow me on twitter n okay tell me yo name
Start Bar. Atlanta. Tonight Be there. My favorite flavor of juice is performing. The Pomegranates. Suckas.
aaaaahate snakes! I would not be able to handle that thing.
the person all over whose wall a shattening had taken place. The German is getting to me…
it would mean so much to me and my daughters #1DMix933 please
I've got one of those loud phone people here too. Always ringing.
6th Annual SEATTLE LAPTOP BATTLE - This Friday 12/18 @ Chop Suey. winner of the Laptop Battle has the option of a showcase set 2010
Watching Peter Pan on my laptop with ! This movie always reminds me of
Men who participate in athletics in their late teens experience bone-building benefits that last for years.
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my attention span!
Ain't nobody but my baby & best friend show me love over break ! Fuck yaw :p
Chi-Town / Michigan.. 2 weeks..
Not yet. Where can I take a look?
Alrighty Ms. Gladys...lol. I see ya!!!
MDW cabbie back on phone. sounds hysterical. says do not trust media. more screaming
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. - Henry Ward Beecher
Ok, so technically the music I make is not Dubstep. So what would it be called?? Any ideas what genre my music may be classified as?
I hope dinner is on a patio at least!
u r an idiot. Stick to radio not sports
finished jogging after realizing cif is close for canada's day LOL
Eating Packs Of Gummy Bears,,, Drinkin Strawberry Brisk & Bo ,, aye
The grizzlies kicked ass and took names tonight. See you Sunday night at FedEx forum.
New music coming soon !!!
Just getting in under the deadline. Happy Birthday!
I still watch Glee, but I have no idea what the hell is going on during most of it.
These hoes will have you tied up, but Bitch I ain't no Shoelace.
See you tonight?
Dear Internet, that lemon party pic you sent me? Not cool, dude. Not cool. Sincerely, ME
Good job representing the South, y'all.
You should change your password to 'Freese'.
never been a true high note trumpet player, but glad to see the range finally coming in.
Going to have my friend on the phone from to give us the full story on the passing of Beastie Boys MCA around 4pm.
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
Why do people live in gated communities? Who are they really trying to keep out?
Going to visit mom today and will bring her chicken soup, the Jewish penicillin
Hes just a light skinned brotha
Do you enhance family life w/technology: digital mobile technology? As a pastor/fam man, do u think tech is a + for families?
OMG like twins! Beautiful ladies!
it looks fun though :D and really?:0 my phone is slow! Stupid iPhone is like broke
lol I like the tweets...well I like winter...since in the summer it really dosent seem like summer. We have no hot.days....
Oh boy this movie is about to have me all emo and shit.
Heartbreaker loss! But this gal still bleeds orange! Better luck next season!
I kind of want to see The Darkness when they come to in two weeks. Anyone else down?
RUSH is in Pittsburgh! Think Getty Lee will love our wine? We shall see......
am thinking the #kids should #volunteer a little this #SUMMER? any ideas?!?!
Don't let a pretty face drag you into an ugly world if you let a pretty face drag you into a beautiful world you must have found heaven.
USS Defense operating near the Marsh Channel and Hog Island Creek seems to have attacked the attention of the HMS Tamar.
“: #teamSINGLE hit the DM.” what happened?
World Champions!!!!!!
So so so exhausted but looks like I'm heading to a barbecue ! Sure I'll wake up when I smell the food.
<3 thank you :)
what was in it?
sitting in on a home inspection.
Daytona 500 :) lets go Kevin Harvick so since it look like rain today hope we have a Daytona 500 night race it be so cool!!
Stay Strong & Love Is Louder Than The Pressure To Be Perfect. That's my inspiration right there!
Also could be a more direct "nudge." Easier way to bubble priority to the top - compared to sea of e-mail.
Thanks 4 for the follow, have a good day.Good Bless
Ugh, that ONE guest is on one of my favorite podcasts.
I'm off to WalMart to buy a couple things I need for my workshop, and then it's time to do some major joolin'! Art sale coming up in 2 weeks
If it is true, sad to me that y'all wouldn't be involved, but I know the rights issues can be a complicated mess.
me too! The event sounded like a blast. We must get together soon!
lmaooooo real talk and u still haven't burn
I believe the correct answer is "the voicebox"
NO! Bobby doesnt work at McD's anymore :(
has been posting some really great discussion points throughout the entire show. Big thanks and shout outgo them!
Good afternoon everyone! have a wonderful day!
Isn't that always the way! It seems to b a common problem in large organizations
Indeed. RT : Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
If the Government really sent people to jail for having credit scores less than 630 (Boss' suggestion) the world economy would collapse
What if they lose on Saturday?
“: Now if I could only skype with that sneaky :)” let's Skype tomorrow or this weekend.
Go Big Blue!
Home Remodeling San Diego
Sitting in the dark kinda sucks! #WTF did people do w/o electric. Waiting 4 #TECO to fix
Yes, #4. You've been told to be proud of who you are. Never change for others. But that's not an excuse to be selfish and demanding.
Thx! I hope you have a good day too!!
Um......Goonies. Like, totally!
The mavericks stole one in L.A now I know that the mavs are going to win the series RT
according to the UK Politicalcompass.org/test am a lefty libertarian - just to the right of the Dalai Lama, I might add. Wait What?
Lmao....it be the ugliest hoes with the highest self-esteem!..ahahha #FuckedUp!..
I do not have to be perfect all the time for my family to love me.
can u help me get followers
I never thought I'd love a chihuahua, I was wrong.
LOL thats Very true.. Adult competetion in that game ruins the fun of it.. But cant say that doing it doesnt being back memory
thanks for the #Prezi advice!
Time to start making your St. Patty's Day plans! The Enders will be playing the Lafayette Brewing Co. on March 17th. More to come...
Congrats #USA Women's Soccer team! Its never over until its over!
pick me up a few things?
Thanks for the RTs! @ kascali and thanks for mentioning us in your daily!
Happy Saturday Eve....
That is the nicest thing I have heard in a very long time. (I hope you don't mind if I STEAL THAT IDEA.)
Ikr!!!! me too i usually wake up at 12:00 ,,,,,,,i wonder wat bug i got bit by?
The line for Sil's Donuts is currently at eight cars.
i love you.
how are you?
I thought it would be harder to say goodbye to my friends here. I know I'll see all of them very soon and that makes it a lot easier.
its rute not to follow someone back dude!!!
Our homemade hot apple cider is making the lobby smell amazing..
Awh :) I'm always here for you girl! Are you ready for high school?
Just so you know RT : Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
okay skinny boii.. Toast the bread, and add a lot of mayo too Kay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Need to get your cash out of your receivables to be able to run your business? Consider factoring. It is fast and easy.
They'll have to work!
Man I'm tired
plaseeee I'm content with a hello :)
School , then getting dismissed at 12:30 to go to Texas bitches . *; <3
learn time spell. Koala*
It could be identical mode
im saying that ur those kind of girls who are into sports
Krav Maga techniques are taught at different levels of hierarchy
It's a process. I can email you the info? My coworker is on the board of trustees there
If you add, "we will just go to ice cream without you," children become geniuses.
To get it done at work, get on the SNEAKER network! whats that? get up and talk to someone.
Great advice! A personal brand is 1 key 2 success! RT : Question to ask to help develop your brand: What am I passionate about?
Indeed it would be great in DC!
I'm done with my eassy early now I have nothing to do but listen to music n sleep lol :-)
Why did GOD put scrubs on this planet?!?
uummm ok :( if u can try to call me when u wake up , middle of the night or early in the morning idc just try, ? Enjoy ya rest hun
?how many of you have cam shuffled on www.aaron.tv
Follow me :D
I love you. Hope you had a good day! Do you think you could follow me?! xx
Don't know, but sure, where?
Isn't that the law of entropy or something? :)
what does ur profile pic look like.? theres a lot of Shania Sanchez's lol
2nd office is not so effective when the MacBook battery no longer lasts the bus ride. Grrr...
=] who knows maybe if you dig our clothing we can sponsor you in the future.
I AM SO STOKED. ALEX BIG LIPS MADE STAFF TOO!!
i will and ok
Tweet vic'ry! Our C'Ville Bears 4-2 over Reston Raiders. On to the Squirt hockey final tomorrow. Go Bears!
break a leg!
GLOW in the DARK 2night! Glow Sticks| Open Bar 9-10| 4 Katie's Guestlist, Tables, & hook-up call or TXT names by 8PM to: 7034073810
You are a smelly pirate hooker.
ah jealous!!!
On Sat 1/7 the talented & extraordinary Party Of Three, accompanied by Tom Shaw Trio, will perform at Martuni's in SF 7-8:30pm! $7 cover.
Hi Tricia! Good to see your face in my stream this morning. Thanks for reading & favoriting my tweet. Have a God-blessed day.
Bad trend for the Knicks heading into the fourth quarter: the clear disparity in +/- for Heat starters vs. NY starters.
Who is this kid? #dwts I am going to love this season!
who knows what would go down if u were in Florida
#BGDating Dating should enrich your life, not complicate it.
Weeks of awful bedtimes were ended tonight when I recalled that dream catchers also snag invisible monsters and hung AJ's above his head.
"Go clean your room." I already did. "I'm checking it!" NO! WAIT!
SmartGuy.com has created an online template for us to succeed in business in ANY Economy! >>> www.smartguy.com/profile/pro/webpromotion
I don't have many friends these days. However, the ones I DO have, aren't losers.
RT : For [humanities,] data is "big" if it challenges our hermeneutic. For science, it's only "big" if it challenges hardware.
RT : waiting on my sis to get home safely// Oh that's sweet.
as well as a stash of samosas.
so excited for 10:30... this is gonna be great :)
What's red and sits in a corner? A naughty strawberry.
Great to host here in RVA this week. Thanks for your chat on values and personal commitment
Hit it in the morning like Alonzo
Checking the Libra horoscope. Sometimes they're on point.
I swear little kid shows are getting weirder and weirder...
Yes ... and thank you! He thinks so ...
Great :) I'll be sure to tune in to catch it CONGRATS!!!
Dont Text My Phone Late As Hell Asking IF I'm Sleep ... NA , Bitch I'm Hoopin ! smh
You don't get what you want you get what you do
I am very impressed with Dan DiZio, CEO of because he really cares about his employees. Great episode!
Looking forward to volunteering at the festival on Saturday!
And, of course, everyone who participated. Thanks, everyone!
oh nice! Haha we just have a lot of cars, not a lot of people!
I am ready for love
those are symptoms of a good night
Today we honor our men and women who defend our country - Happy Veterans Day!
I'm looking for a space needle hat - one shaped like the needle - big! got one?
Hey web sites, I will NOT sit through a 30 second advertisement. Not patient enough. Do you want my 'clicks' or not?
Why are boys so malawiwhbsnamamwjwhw UGH
when did you get an instagram??
Anyone up for tonight? Need to get out of the house
That was the critique I got from a black sociologist when I sent him your video
Why is so freaking cute? Wish I was that hawt..
Mark Zuckerberg will be worth $100B by Friday..that leaves only 3 more days for his girlfriend to say "we need to talk"
yea I want more! Camping was awesome for us. Had really cool neighbors
RIP Doug Edwards: dear friend, KPFA DJ, tireless helper to jazz musicians, New Yawker, Bay Arean, loyal supporter of my work. I grieve.
M I love pay day.
Wonder what designers Sachin + Babi Cook for dinner. Well Tune into this week and watch Sachin cook with Martha!
Last reply also best read after elocution lessons. "The rain in Spain..." See also Singing in the Rain: "Cawn't." "CAN'T."
Great times at the concert last night ! Thanks to our amazing staff for helping out!
Gots to make today progress exceed the last....
RT : Get some benches for your swings!: BYO Recreation has the commercial park benches you are looking for in the sty......
great way to attract the Jewish vote.
If only Obama pursued transformative policies equal to the heights of his rhetoric.
Good work, agent Secrest.
why? my 4th and 5th graders work in the cloud on google docs all the time , love it!
On a mission to get my grades up
you know I got you!
Want to win a 4-Pack of tickets to the Circus PLUS 2 plush elephants? Head over to our Facebook Page to enter!
I've never had either! :O
I like your new avatar... :)
happy 18 birthday you will always be kidrauhl NO matter what love you
lol i bet its so fun after a drink n ya nerves are no longer jittery ;)
In bed before 11?
I think Dave is going to be disappointed. No one talks about Matt's looks except him.
I'm on a revising roll today. Hours working on revisions have done wonders for my WIP.
Looks like Jesus also said 'Marmol pitching with the game on the line? ....not on my watch' #tripped # injured
If wants to try out for next season, have her email :D
Write your legislators and demand they not recess until reaching a reasonable solution to the debt ceiling crisis.
Your biggest strength is your true self.
"OMG, your so pretty!" "No, I'm not!" "Listen bitch, STFU & accept the compliment."
If you worked at a Christian institution you could get Maundy Thursday off too! ;)
who is pulling for unc this afternoon?
People are people.
Big tings agwon!!! Equator Line!!!!!! lol J - hit me up putting together some footage need your help
Going down the shore today!
Two more classes and then I am done until finals next week.
It's pretty sad...they don't seem to care heart and heads are not in the game
You are truley a man among women
The video of my ghost encounter is now on facebook.
Love is when you've seen the best and the worst of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
come through! It's a great opportunity to meet and hear from this guy.
Thanks for coming too the #HealthyHairMeetup and spreading some love and giving healthy hair tips :-)
i think it's about time you follow us :)
It's National #Taco day today, but that's nothing! Lincoln's has $3 tacos and Coronas EVERY Tuesday, come visit us!
I wish the relays was all inclusive.
I wish I could favorite people's profiles haha
OMG YES MYLIFE.
He said "Nobody goes buy Dick anymore."
still working on this song... How about you?
Afraid to fly? Use your breath to calm your emotions.
idk I will tell u tomorrow when she get it done
Sorry anyone who is receiving some random tweet from me. I did not send that.
Hope you had a GREAT Valentines Day!
Great Stuff :)
You can tell its killing fox news to have to call 2nd place for Ron Paul!
Ongoing conversation on cataloging listserv re book pockets. Who says librarians aren't interesting?
A man right in all his ways is foolish... but then man that finds himself a work in progress is divine..
Bought a new shirt yesterday;wore it 2day.Just caught it on hanging folder hooks &tore it beyond repair.Good thing Im wearing a black bra :(
3 weeks off. Game speed! He'll get it!
Which is interesting because I thought thought the book just pretty good. Catching Fire is better. Odds on the sequel going to screen, too?
h know were I b
Downtown exploring and dinner on the riverwalk with my man <U+2764>
This just in: the parking lot will be a zoo.
With a houseful of kids...get sick and scared :) Maybe your fear of the germ keeps you well....
Thanks David! : Just saw foodieregistry.com at #techwk. Fantastic idea.
1419? Gotta tweet gotta tweet gotta tweet tweet tweet.
I need to stop these goofy tweets and get back into my music. I need a new picture too.
It is about damn time.
Cool! I won a laptop in #symantec poker tournament!
Now Playing: License To Ill... Damn, MCA.
Great show at the ..thanks guys!
I wish I was rich..
That first nut u bust after coming off ur cycle
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
I made it through airport check-in and security okay, but I am still griping about paying $60 in bag fees. First plane leaves in 45 minutes.
Love how genealogists have no problem airing their centuries old dirty laundry to a total stranger in the
I concur!
Good morning good #tea people! Making dreams reality requires building structure around ideas. Got a hammer? Start building.
So glad I have the luxury of sick days from work. I just took a 3 hour nap on the couch. I feel a LOT better.
lord I hate u having extra shots at it while I'm working.
Sri Lankan cab driver yesterday confirmed that there are no Sri Lankan restaurants, but says Usmania & Tahoora (great desserts!) are close.
Bronchitis! I have a 5 ys old? Bronchitis is a selfish bastard. It's all about him! Piss off bronchitis, I am going to bed, without you!
any idea when you'll be back playing? we miss you!
WELCOMES!..YOU GOiNG TO NEKA PARTY SATURDAY AT THE BLU?..BUT EVERYBODY GOiNG TO HER HOUSE TO DRiNK &&ND EAT BEFORE THEN...
Tune in for Democratic Strategist up next on CNN's Early Start. Find out her thoughts on Iowa and the general election
my hat? You're weird.
you can say that again. good night Mark!
DJ Styles in the mix at Dorsey's Locker tonight, 5817 Shatuck, Oak, CA. 7-12. See you there
#np gotta here my shit before I tap out
I aspire to own a chain of high-quality boutique thrift and consignment stores one day. I will have interns. They all shall be paid.
i'm over just fruits and vegetable today. i can only eat so many cucumber slices and grapes,lol. i need some real food.
I wish I could find one guy, just one that is just the little bit decent .. :/
you look so happy!
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!
Cleaning up for the cleaning crew is one of life's chores that I will never learn to embrace
To be happy, make other people happy.
Noise, parking, occupancy, hours of operation are just some of the things discussed by the ABC Working Group.
Woo! Let me go home! : Zidlicky ties it up!”
Dude. You, me and JD should suit up for the Lobos. We couldn't do any worse than the clowns that are already playing! ;)
NO MORE PROCRASTINATION = NO MORE SLEEP
it will be GLORIOUS
Alright we need new songs...what are some of your favs?
imma get u tomorrow!!U lucky the girl saved u 6th period!
Done looking for Mr. Right... Think I'm ready to just do me and ride dolo...fuck a nigga
What car wash?
-already has a winter formal date for next year!(:
Finally updated the iPad so I could install App -- well worth it.
Plus say my name three times. Or is it five? Haha. I dunno.
I know what you mean. It's really hard to have a conversation when the mannequin won't talk back. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lame. Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
well yo phone is DUMB !
Do you have to have tatooes to play college/NBA basketball?
..."if I was 50 years younger I'd kick your ass"
I'm really excited :)
LOLOLOL puff the magic dragon was the answer to the puzzle on wheel of fortune
Thank you all for coming out yesterday for Mardi Gras, recovery starts now. Bloody Marys necessary.
no, rooting for a Timbers loss is always acceptable
wait.. how the eff am i supposed to upload pics? by .. tweeting them? lame.
Fair warning history friends, it's about to get spacey here for the next two days . I'm at the #NASATweetup for !
No cashier and no water...is it time to empty the safe and go to Paris?
I completely agree, that is the best part
Nostalgia is a useless emotion. If its even considered an emotion.
following you right now girl
Enjoyed a fun gig tonight w/Scott Hamilton, Larry Vuckovich, Chuck McPherson and Jeff Chambers. Thank you!
Chubb: Promising models: Students move from station to station within one classroom with one teacher, incl. small groups.
My gym partner got Big without me today -_- *tisk tisk tisk*... Whats a girl to do?? Lol
I'm really excited for their comeback!
Oh my… I might have to get out there sooner than later.
RT : Currently killing in NYC, , me opposite my girl is coming to Dallas and LA Oct 7th!...
Silly :)~ RT : In honor of "I'll Have Another...." [stirs mint julep]
TryOuts members: Marcos comes home this weekend. Be sure to stop by and say hi before he ships out again!
Yes! Please do it soon.
Oh my goodness, I had no idea -- CONGRATS, mama (to-be)! Happy day, to you :)
Did you know? #Chicago’s nicknames include: The Windy City, the City of Big Shoulders, the Second City, and The City That Works.
#isedchat it was a long discussion! Pros and cons...eventually we felt pros outweighed cons
#White Sox just got a rousing ovation as they hoisted the BP Cup!!!
lmao they look like scrambled eggs. W/e you and are some haters. They were good as fuck!
Another reason to like Anaheim. It isn't about safety---don't care how they spin it.
Reality is nothing more than your acceptance of reality...
Trying to find some ppl to go to the mall with me
Byerly: What happens if in 10 years, humanities as "irrelevant" as ever but more expensive in wake of DH?
That kinda pissed me off. But the only thing that comes to my head is "I wish you knew" I'm such an evil bitch.
#np we found love - rihanna
“Do not be afraid.... Be strong and courageous. This is what the LORD will do to all the enemies you are going to fight.” - Joshua 10:25
Asking a cab driver to "be less bellig" in his driving style is vague, unhelpful, and condescending.
“ #Libra likes you better if you know how to differentiate rights and wrongs.”
Ask about the Bratmobile
hey hey hey... We aren't crazy. Just different
uh... what makes you think i'm not?
Just had a meeting about our senior head shots. We're growing up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Sorry if I offend you... haha... I'm NOT sorry! haha! haha!
There is a place deep in my heart that only the keys of a piano can touch...
Post meeting went well last night. We're on schedule to make the late deadline.
I live getting drunk with and thinking is 4am when it's really 1 haha.
He did some great (and hilarious) interviews with Colbert a few months ago. Immense talent.
They did not hire lobbyist to have us benefit with tax dollars.
it is, it really is
to the event thursday
#becomingfearless Mastering your fear
Let me rephrase, I think it's weird when people tweet at famous people they dont know as if they are talking directly them as a friend lol
Gotta mail my mother's day card tomorrow...
Too busy to work for nothing
Looking forward to a great day with and not being sick
How to start an African Violet from a leaf
aww I pray u feel better Jen! Love u :)
Dee Gordon with his first home run of the season. #Dodgers take the lead over the #Rockies in the top of the 1st.
#csa12 Gopinath: see fixity and mobility as mutually dependent parts of state arsenal to eradicate social forms deemed out of place/time.
The Xbox 360 broke AGAIN. This will be my third console. Lame.
Going Big Island for New Year!! ((:
The weather looks good!.. I think we going to have racing today!!
90210? Was that a show about the far distant future? Kids and aliens making their way thru school in the year 90210? Not familiar.
I love the way some people taste.
Thanks and agreed! We are excited and energized by the support in Pinellas County.
Tonight we start 's study "James: Mercy Triumphs". I'm so excited to go through this study with some great girls!
Wonderful! We need more of that.
me too <3
have a fun youth jamz!
What's lost can never be saved
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. ~ J. K. Rowling
My crush doesn't have a twitter :(
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls. ~ Mignon McLaughlin
Hello! Are you staying with us? RT : XONA Resort Scottsdale, AZ...
CE students at the Conf. walked up to of the NYT Lens blog and told him about their work. They aren't shy!
If God is your co pilot - switch seats
Two weeks until sophomore year of college is over! Well until summer classes start...where has the time gone?!
"distinguished thought leader"
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 83
Hey what's up señorita!
Great session on video and social media marketing at South Metro Chamber today. Thanks to
ditto! Just wish Don would give her some of that advertising revenue to get her teeth fixed. Also love: Julia Ormond as her mom!
According to Cameron Diaz (interview on the Tonight Show, "Google makes Grandparents obsolete." What to you think?
The happiest moment as a designer is when a client GETS your #design and expresses it the same way you do.
what a good memory! What a bad memory!
Thanks! I'm excited about this video, it's not our usual fare...
yea it'll be fun! but shutup ur like a big bag of pretty waiting to explode all over the world
Tea does a body good.
told u don't give up to fast
I am like super excited for this fanfic. Like I might die of anticipation. :D
If u were to tell me before the season that R Starks would have a 2 int game, my 1st thought would be that Sanchez was the QB
Tou'che! RT : or order to go for those home game viewing parties!
No more going out.! This single thing is getting out of control. Having too much fun. Need 2 chill.! <U+E056>
every time mothers day come a price tag dont mean nun to me ! i love mi ma duck
Also Aldous Huxley's Doors of Perception and Wayne Koestenbaum's new tell-all. It's titled Humiliation O_O <- mescalin eyes
not if you want to keep your money. Camp Randall is a fortess and the students have had all day to party with no classes yet.
Scheduling nine grad students for summer work is not always easy. :P
I know I'm not alone in this
I get the north and East, you go round the back
Just Finished all of my math HW with 100% accuracy with 1 minute left!!!!!!
Thanks for the coverage of Johnson County Middle School and their ninth Governor's Cup Title. does a great job for our kids.
Dress like your favorite #RockyHorrorPictureShow Character and get in for #FREE! This Friday starting at 9pm! ONLY
you never cared...don't start now
Good to see Joe Biden in mid-season form
thanks for the laugh! Lol
The new Final Cut Pro X looks very interesting.. Have to buy soon!
You're connecting with kids one by one and making your expectations clear. They will respect you eventually. Be strong, Teach!
this sounds like this will be every 14th Bday dream. Best wishes to you both.
Will your Super Bowl spread include wine? What are your favorite game day snack and wine pairings?
Today on the show welcomes to the show discussing censorship of the Internet. 11AM CST on
How have you been?
Yep! <U+E056> And this issue is one I'm EXTREMELY passionate about! I don't usually express my opinions but I can't stay quiet on this.
I have a GREAT new job as a therapist at BACA!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoe James and The Giant Hoe
Academies, soon to be a majority of secondary schools in England, are showing more signs of continuity than radi..
Looking forward to seeing here at
Headed to #UStreet this Sat 4/14 to fundraise and help a fine young man become a ambassador -How bout you? ,11-3 BTHR
#TVDSeasonFinale TONIGHT AH
Had a good night (: would have been better if he was there though.
Yes indeed!!! Who are you putting your money on?
Landed and time to shoot!!
That awkward moment when retweets something from
how do you spend your snow days? fun outdoors? work indoors? finding matches in the sock drawer? we're posting answers at 4:25am
No-sleeping work stressors, it`s what`s for breakfast.
if you are blind i shouldnt hear a sentence moreover a command from you that includes the verb -look-
idunno. :3 and I don't know, some people that live out there have kids in high school lol.
RT : Looking to make your home more #secure? Sign up for our "Free #Giveaway" and get it done for #free!...
DOLPHIN BASEBALL TONIGHT! Fins vs Fairfield at 630 here at Sessions Stadium! See YOU here!!
I feel like doing something.
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of One Direction, then you become a Directioner. :) xx
Character is like a tree & reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. A. Lincoln
Rodan tonight with Jeff, Josh, Johnny and Jim. 1030 p emm
Right When My Phoe Starts To Work Again, I Text Like Everyone Then 3 Hours Later It Won't Work Again .
If Lakers loose this it's a wrap there not winning game 4
Tired of guys treating me like shit. I'm going to do me and be me. And that's that.
awww of course!! :) your very sweet im following you to! :) getting the hang of twitter. i was so nervous on lifechangers!
Ahh woke up with sore throat and fever and I have to work...blah blah
I need Man City to win by 3+ goals.
Oh i think im in trouble with O_O
its only like a 1 day thing though....so you'll be back tomorrow
two more books left (planned) after Dance of Dragons. He is "only" hundred pages into pt6
Gotta get bad to get it good.
easier said than done! But ok. I'll pretend I think I'm funny in real life too <3
It was when I logged in. I'm a bit confused
Heyo New Zealand Earthquake Commission! We hope to someday bring our fun version of San Francisco earthquakes to yr neck of the woods
Do you need a little hip hop in your life tonight? ;)
So, Want a FREE copy of our EP? Be our 700th 715th, 740th or 800th LIKE on our FB page and we will send you a FREE SIGNED COPY!
#CallOnHim #HeListens Psalm 145:18 The Lord is near to all who call upon Him,To all who call upon Him in truth.
Weekend coming up, more house hunting
ok u have to earn it by showing improvement in _ _ _ _ _ _ -that on the left is classified
The South of France
YO BUTT BIG MY MONEY BIG WE GOT SUMTHN N COMMON
I start summer school today. I'm not thrilled.
Important for EVERYONE to be friendly, open, and communicative.
there's rain in these mountains of Albany! The Volvo needed a bath :)
A #brand that captures your mind gains behavior. A #brand that captures your heart gains commitment
Is that the only place you have hair?
Just left wal-mart.
You're awesome! That is so cool!!!!
How cute your boyfriend can get, than be a bitch the next minute
Uhm. Heck no. I was using it as a replacement for the f word.
Not sure there's a place on the planet that coulda been prettier than Lincoln Park today. Glor.I.Ous.
Off the top of my head, I can’t think of any movies that prominently feature a trampoline. Help me out!
Thank you for letting us stop in today!! The store is amazing!!
did it...but can hardly move.
Brian Williams' daughter is a cutie
Back in the ATL getting ready for the Mother's Day Breakfast, Girls n PEARLS Tea, Study Skills Saturday Session, with a moment of prayer
Rock & roll is a nuclear blast of reality in a mundane world where no-one is allowed to be magnificent.
Now I'm ready for Cinco De Mayo! “: Man in a sombrero wearing a boxing glove jumps on Sacramento cop car and shouts his name.
Fox News Hires Liz Cheney as Analyst and Substitute Host
Movie recommendation is Friday the 13th
1st the Earth cooled, then a dinosaur put a tingle up Chris' leg...
STUCK AGAIN!!!
No photo appeared. Can you post it again? Merci.
now imagine that you're part of a special frat only open to children of extremely wealthy & influential ppl... you form bonds
can we count on you to support our students and libraries by voting to level fund LSTA and IAL?
30 minutes of hail
Watching a documentary about the Japan earthquake/tsunami and learning about a similarly volatile quake zone off the WA and OR coast.
It is indeed! And we have a fantastic new UI team member helping us out :)
Friends, fast what's cribbage again?!
RT Hello Surrey. Social media makes things happen. The #edcamp movement is a great example
Kobe is too bossy!!
You don't need a special dislike for them joes RT : I have a special dislike for cricket phones
Whatcha doing next Friday night?? :)
what time is dinner? Lol
OMG! I remember that! I liked it better that way! We used to throw pennies in the fountain and make a wish!
Are you attending this Oct? We'll be live tweeting, so stay tuned!
What why is that ?
558AD- The dome the #HaghiaSophia collapsed under its own weight. The Emperor #Justinian ordered it immediately rebuilt stronger.
i can honestly say that i need friends who won't leave me out and who won't make me their last choice... I'm tired of it
no sir
i'm not sure i understand the appeal of betty white.
U dont like what I say... #unfollowme then!
Is His Dark Materials gonna spoil the Harry Potter series 4 me? I still haven't read them. I wonder how it compares to Pullman's trilogy.
Get rich or drunk tryin...
Congratulations Olivia!!!
Visit my blog to learn about my experience during the Civil War www.leavingarlington.wordpress.com
Biggie biggie biggie can't you see, sometimes your words just hypnotize me. :)
is a badass. If you arent following him. You should be. <3
My son, Isaiah, is rockin' out on the ancient Jackson Stealth with new strings! This instrument is now rdy for Sunday!
Demonizing Planned Parenthood is a scam by the GOP to get Obama out of office but is a great dis-service and harmful to all women & families
Welcome to Twitter!
A very moving tribute, Barbara.
off to a free grant writing seminar at the Foundation
Just saw the Brewers batting order for tonight. If I didn't know better, I'd think we had 2 spring training style split squad games tonight
Agree! RT A2) If you are hanging out where audience is talking, you're *never* overextended
Gansler on #bay: no panacea. Steps include building energy plant that turns chicken manure into electrical power.
I am obsessed with the Hunger Games....
I saw that as I drove by yesterday. A good, long summer to enjoy Sea Salt sounds good to me.
When we get called on with the most hardest question and totally guess and get it right
Hey can you please follow me I'm a huge #belieber haha just ask my sister lol
Blake Griffin: "I personally could do a better job rebounding, I should never have one rebound in 38 minutes of play."
good to watch y'all performing shit, old and new. and just doing the craziest things
U are a trip!!!!!!!!!!!!! #NeverLand. I am rolling LMBoooooooo
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/16/2011 and was under her calorie goal
ha, not this year!
“: "No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist." — Oscar Wilde”
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” -MLK
Does anyone know where I can find the highschool lip dub?
Crack kills people.. Pull up your pants
Crying makes me feel better .. <U+E406>
thnx for follow
nope I've been with him ...
haha. Fair enough.
that was quite a special time :)
SO on top of that. What's our hashtag? #Ongmemorial?
NHS: mixture of synchronous & asynchronous material in grad nursing program.
Getting ready for tomorrow's big public workshop in London with our good friends &
Have I died and gone to heaven? DEVO IS BACK!!! Fresh!
he's on at
I miss Johnny Carson.
Masters of Science in Writing: Book Publishing. I still have to put a portfolio together and write the essay. Ugggg.
Seriously, I'm not TRYING to be in this car chase. Look for my red mazda on the news!
Stay tuned for session video/pics next Wed!
My pants have been falling down all day.
No working on the weekend!!
kind of like "May" and "Exam...."
#Resume and #portfolio updated-so many new pics!
RT : China warns foreign media not to cover Middle East-inspired protests, threatening expulsion or a revoking of their credentials
is talking DVD menus - and that's pretty close to the last of the talks one has about making a movie.
This girl's ass... jesus.
Granger and James DO NOT like each other haha.
Hear the sound of my breaking heart...
RT : RVA! We need your help to make First Friday everything you want it to be. Thanks to ://fb.me/VPBg7v0N
who hostin it
On my way to the Wisconsin Broadcaster's Association Awards to get a few. I feel like a kid on Christmas.
Aint she sweet and genuine.. still funny as heck at 90!
Everytime sees your tweets, she gets upset bc you aren't following her! please follow her!
sale at R7500. Housemate would like to sell by the end of the week. Still sealed.
Why would you trade one repressive theocracy for another? Or it is because you 'hate freedom' since you are pro-freedom?
Nice maybe we'll see you there doll xo
Sat down to watch an episode of Detroit 187. Instead, TiVO had recorded 20/20, featuring Charlie Sheen. His craziness was no longer funny.
not a great throw, but still Barajas has to catch that ball before he tries to throw to third.
*gulp* ....I stupid & I no get it!! o_____o
That moment when your cousin you rarely talk to follows you on instagram <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
ESPRIT was fabo per usual.
returned home from North Carolina only to find that our backyard is a jungle and it was just as hot here as it was there.
OMG! The tickets sells are going great! Have you gotten your ticket yet? Ms Kim Fields will bring the house down. 4-15 last day for $35 tkts
on #conferences for #scholars: infrequent, expensive, difficult to manage. Not ideal in 21st century..
TRIPLE H, JUSTIN BIEBER on MAY WEATHER corner yea
That's not a foul on Sessions?
Being gay is not wrong, when will people see that?
yea you are, you put doee after (: lol
Not the michon effect?
Nice, that's only a block down from here. Japonessa!
Beautiful calligraphy wedding certificate on eBay - ends in 10 hours - item
Real shit at the tanning place.
In NJ for vs Nets and it's a sea of green.
yeah I also hope someday will follow me! I would be so happy wouldn't u?
Once comes out with CD's I will buy EVERY SINGLE ONE OF HIS ALBUMS.<3
is this a flashback or just your weird, pointless imaginations?
If a girl is in a bad mood, asking if she's on her period doesn't help!
That'd be OK, I guess. I'm sure won't mind.
Hi! Got time for a Skype anytime soon?
#harrypotterlive question for draco!! whats your favorite scence in the movie???!
Woohoo! Congrats Alex! You deserve it. Proof good things happen to good people. Glad you're staying in Chi.
Whos gunna win the sausage race today?
yeah I know! I couldnt do it either! That shit hurt like crazy all I did was 7... When I can do 30 something
#confession I drink. Some.
: Best thing I heard after tonight's talk: "Surprised to see someone from Sears participating. Which is cool." Thanks!
When you love someone so much you get arrested for breaking and entering.
I'm gonna retire PINKmascara_ for a while. Back to my old name :)
im at work
Alrighty, is back online. If you want to #post an #apartment for free, or search for some great new digs - go for it!
Price range?
Derek Wan is an amazing person. We thank you so very much xxxooo
Fresh manicure=happy Paula
Come checkout surrender night club tonight free admission for the ladies if u just use my guestlist Travis Sosa only
YouTube Young ju "cross my heart" and just begun..Fire...
The fuckk ? The conversations people talk about in my 6th period !
is it Alex Morgan?
there's always tomorrow :-)
RT : I disagree with Hubie. On a 2 on 1 you must force the defender to commit to you or a pass. (agreed)
Thanks very much! Backatcha! :-)
It is not what Salsa can do for you; It is what you can do for Salsa.
CONGRATS TO JESSE AND TONY!!!! Happy Birthday to Grace Olivia Schirmang, 7lbs 4 ounces, 20 inches
Gonna be home just in time to watch LSU kick some butt
SRT is so boring. Catching up on
I really would, but I'm a bit hyper still.. after effect from the gym.
speak it brother. No lie bc there is more stuff tht is better than him
Training Associates Press is the developer of
good idea, but too organized for my tastes. At best I ride with a loose confederation of cyclists. I would participate though.
I'm looking for inspiration in turquoises and golds, colors we'll find in Cozumel next month. I'm taking a million pictures for inspiration.
Rain rain go away!!!):
Life reassures us every time we tell the truth, every time someone helps us & we allow it, & every time we share love without looking back.
The rise of entrepreneurship & startups. RT : Pivot. Why is everyone using that word lately? Where is it coming from? A book?
Going back to school to finish my administrative license. Hopefully this is the last time I will return to school.
he was pretty big lol I was like
#PeopleILoveTheMost nice,open minded people
you up early!!! Good Morning!
I wish Queens Kickshaw would deliver coffee to my bed.....
So excited for a Cairo story! He ties with Dorr for my fave character.
can u email me that pre- game photo we took before the game? I will Direct message my email
that takes too long!! O: haha
You got my attention...except for the running part (well, and the Wenatchee part).
Two snaps and a circle.
ive got a spell on you and now your mine!.
im going to set the world retweet record today
#FF #1 Fan & awesome jewelry maker!
": The call from was great! #AlphaAction"~Thanks good brother! I just want to encourage and reassure my brothers. 06!
I bet you do. You should come in and do a vocal workshop lol
sounds like you need more lady friends!
Cool of u to reply. I will look for your update in May. You're inspiring, beautiful and you're a fighter. Never ever give up.
"its" enough? you mean "this is enough" or "thats enough"
bout to rip kief like it aint no ones biz
Sorry for the late response. Our acct was down. Send us the info! :)
Going into the final Week of League play! The Top 3 teams plus a few Wild Cards will be invited to the Championship via email after...
Believe - Begin - Become!
“: I will be working before the next budget meeting on amendment to extend TANF benefits.” please don't.
Dry Run of the studio- Thursday at 7 pm- 5/8/2011
Desk didn't fit me... Good thing my #HTCOne S is forged by lightning! I deflected the debris and made it to safety!
Bengals announce signing of Georgia TE Orson Charles (Rd. 4) & UDFA S Tony Dye of UCLA.
Wing Night!! You can only get them on Thursdays and they tend to sell out.. All homemade sauces.. Come get some!!
Movies based off of comic books are just more fun than graphic novel adaptations and that's what summer movies are about...fun...and A/C.
I did he dont listen RT : Obama may b open 2 Extending Tax Cuts 4 All. Speak 2Obama tell him 2hold GOP accountable
The Founders laid an excellent foundation. It provided base for amazingly free society. THEY were wiser than our crew. Time to retrace steps
Almost done cleaning my room, about to be a fun ass night.
Ion have no gas for this extraness
Blog audience management: not all strangers are bad, not all physical world followers are good. "intimate public". Aimee Morrison
New York City...Bitch.
BASE Camp has free food for our Families! Visit the BASE Camp Free Food Pantry Sat. Feb 4th: 11-3pm! Contact Cherly for more info!
Kudos Rep. Gregg Harper for your passion and commitment to equality and inclusion
okay, who was it that ask me if I thought the first lady was responsible for amanda's death...uh!!!
alas, no. this is it.
- Thank for an awesome presentation this morning!
#dcnyc10 The recurring theme in tech of our phones as > apps but = censors
Playing accountant is not as fun as being a designer! Not to mention I am not nearly as good at it! Happy Friday!
Kinda funny how the past comes back.
I know U was blessed @ Bishop Lester love conference with Pastor Juanita Bynum. God Bless you & hold on 2 ur prophesy.
It takes me so long to get ready because I procrastinate for 30-45 min.
Business proposal sent and now it's time for chicken wings!
u r incredible I admire u so much! Plse follow me it would make me so happy to no that some1 I truly look up to follows me
Let's not decide who should score just score
Happy Halloween Rochester NY!
Sunny day! Flowers are showing off. Amazing Spring flowers! Going to try out my new trekking poles in the park later.
Truth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> RT : When a #Capricorn is angry we spit fire first &amp; think about the consequences later.
“If you’re not living life on the edge, you’re taking up too much space.” ~ Anonymous
Dare you to *not* see a movie called "that's what she said" starring alia shawkat. Tonight at 8, at
New Joints in at BCK
cool! We should set up a mini lesson or something. What do you think? Hang out with the band at the studio for a bit
thank you :-) BTW love your hair color.
Sister love :)
Thanks Paul! Now it's tied!!
dropped Claudia off at school today!!!! !!!
“: There's a big apt fire on South First near Ben White. We have a crew on the way and should know more after 8 p.m.”
Do people realize how stupid they look while talking on bluetooth?
I have to silent my phone and turn upside down so I don't see the notifications! I wake up at odd times just to see who played!
I do work at school. I don't know why I have to do it at home too.
26. #Brewers 6 #Giants 4 | Some West Coast success / Greinke doesn't pitch so well / Ramirez bails out.
Honored to be a part of the momentous #womentogether Women's HR Delegation to AL now closing - "We are many and together we can be heard."
Keep at something and you WILL FINISH it. MAJOR CHANGES happen in TINY INCREMENTS! #PATIENCE&PERSEVERANCE
YOI WOULD MAKE ME THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN WHOLE IF YOU WOULD PLEASE Please FOLLOW ME BAVK<3333 YOUR SO ADORABLE SO PROUD OF YOU
Damn Twitter won't let me go to bed.
ROAD FOX WANT COOKIE? BABY DIRTY JUST KIDDING!! COOKIE REALLY ROSIN!!
HA amazing!
HOW WAS THAT AN ERROR???
hint hint<U+E402>
lol no! Actually I thought you're hair would look frizzy ...
Not gonna happen!
Sounds like a recipe for a riot.
Remembering audio pioneer and USC polymath professor Sidney Harman. tonight 6p
Good Morning All! Have a great & productive day!
I wanna get robot legs! And I wanna buy you a black cobra to wear around your neck!
When People Tweet, We Tweet About Everything & Anything . Whatever Pops In Our #Minds, We Tweet It . #ForReal .
i find it funny that my dad old saying is almost the same his is opinion are like asshole evry1 got one
Just did week 5, day 1 of !
Three hours straight of phone calls when I got deadlines to meet. Frustrating.
Common Sense
Re-dyeing highlights and getting extensions :')
I've been using Tweetbot on both for a while now.
biggie biggie biggie cnt you see sometimes them snack b callin me!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!__
So....kneecaps are not supposed to do that. Sorry T-wolves.
Wonder if ill actually get tickets lol well have to try at least lol work can wait lol
Sorry y'all-reception was horrible for #TrayvonMartin rally...couldn't get twitter to tweet! Just dumped a bunch of pics though!
Ha, Manning giving up on Garcon, goes to "old reliable"
i love your cheeks. <3 (:
If your my true friend. I will not like everything you tell me.
When you have challenges come up, do you take the opportunity to make changes in your life?
awe thanks Kez! You inspire me!
Let's get wet!! RT“: Tonight come to FIRE ON WATER for LEARNING TO FLY - TOM PETTY TRIBUTE!!!!”
Go ur azz back to sleep
#Pirates on top in the top of the 3rd 1-0 over the
Concord Fizz ~ finlandia vodka / red seedless / grapes raspberries maraschino liquor / sparkling wine/basil
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber. Hope we hear about #children's #health tonight.
Be ready to talk about your business. Everyday is a networking day! Talk about www.ZeusCreativeNet.com and get rewards for your business.
Shes the last girl I would try to be like she needs to stop talking her shit & not flatter herself,
79k seniors would have paid up to an estimated $14 million more for their prescription drugs had Walker's plan become law
Damn, lovin' the love for 's latest post. <3 to , , , and for the tweetage!
Yes we are and it's GREAT! Happy, happy Friday friends!
Just got home from riding my Indian Motorcycle- fantastic sunset! Busy tomorrow- trip to the dentist being squeezed in there somewhere...
doing good thanks! Just working away....ready for the weekend
Lol Me To
Crochetwalking - a way to multitask myself into doing two things i normally do well into two things i do poorly.
Overheard at our tax party: "Someone needs to punch California in the face."
Tell us what KCPT means to you. Use
We can concentrate the energy into energon cubes and store them in the new space cruiser.
safe travels!
RT : Really enjoyed myself last night for Freedia party @ Ceasars That's right y'all!
and for Michael words can't even explain anything, you are my LIFE, the reason i smile daily, so much to thank you for, <3
Yeah! Can't wait to see you tonight, it's been too long!
I retire from basketball. Got showed up by 4'2
yeah I live in both spots
Spring and Autumn are always intense. Still, they're both my favorite. ;)
"The world 'out there' won't change until the world 'in here' does." #in - Deepak Chopra
Bless up Fam! DM me your email please
After talking at the vatican about catolicism being a dying religion & the race of Jesus, I ate it hard and broke my fav flip flop
Late night. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
It's Erikaaaa :)
Jethro Nation - Randy Ellison Just won - be ready more gifts to come! Request Jethro at your local B&T!
Jazzing the Band.
Cats are natural paper shreaders.
this is gonna be a sick finish
exercise your right to a profitable business
Hello #Hofstra neighbors! You're in great hands w/George. Don't tweet about what you have for breakfast & you'll be all set.
lol agreed! its so cute & she even kicks me too sometimes at night if I move too much lol
is goin ham tonight
From Chappelle's Show and The Tom Joyner Morning Show I'm hosting tonight 8:00&10:30pm come laugh.
Was in such a rush this morning I forgot to put my makeup on.... Hello natural face :\
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA you. are. amazing.
Social Media at it's best for Boxing Updates
Um........?i dont know how to say this ???? PLZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME !:0 I ONLY HAVE 29 FOLLOWERS GOSH KNOW ONE LIKES ME UGG
Thx to for the plastics recycling. I probably wasted gas doing it, but I felt good about it. Now Eureka has to start.
We had Brandy, Monica, Aaliyah, SWV, TLC...man I miss the 90s!
(( Walmart & Sam's Club Freebies )) see www.groceriesandgasolineforever.com enroll www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd No fees, No autoship, Wow.
#FirstStep"By thinking about how to apply the core science to solve the underlying business issue..." Effron & Ort #OPTM via
any particular brand of pencil?
I wish we were all a unity.... But god has different plans.
#10FactsAboutMe I can partially speak and understand 3 different languages
Thank you! RESPECT! <3
Um. No... Not really. Should I know you?
Tonight's #ActsofInheritance will be a salon chat w/ & 's president Burt Kummerow. 6pm!
You're not suspending your campaign, you're dropping out. Just say you're dropping out. Politicians suck.
MT The first in series of upcoming SPARC policy briefs: Child Welfare Funding Opportunities ly/HrY3B2
Snow day with the boys..... making Christmas cookies!
what crews do you like this season best friend and follow me please :(<------------ puppy dog face
I would say they are spending the money on deliberately corrupting the data
here's hoping that and livetweet conversations from their roadtrip to west virginia with
I'm at Rasputin. New cook is excellent! Today I'm binging tomorrow starving :)
a #CLE #FridayFollow to & 's Northeastern Ohio chapter! Both working hard for this year's SS event on May 26th!
Now I have a date in Beverly Hills with an Italian man tomorrow evening.
Live, Love and Like You before you like me and others...
Add some PERFECTION to your wardrobe with these top follows - , , , , ,
for some green screen fun. #jimmybuffet #photography #alter ego commercial photography studio.
Compared to the weather at home, it's glorious!
G-town and Duke may get beat... Both down late in 2nd
just won a free day in stats!!!
I'll help. Campaigners:How close can it b 2 GOTV?
Just completed survey; beyond 3 options question, it gets better!
No doubt! Lol I'm great and urself?
i look good af right now ;-) watch out!
free play night on Caribe Latino right now till midnight on WKCR.org. (89.9 FM in NYC)
Devil Get Up Off Me
thank you heidi!!!
Reading application out loud for clarity. Will submit today! Thanks for the opportunity and your focus.
So right, they have changed quickly. I do think (and hope) it's all 4 the better. Did your kids do the lawn biz in 2009-10?
aye bro hit me up ASAP
+ 400K people were incarcerated and deported every year since Obama took office. RT #ObamaFirsts You have GOT to quit
i wanna move where you are!
well finally were on at the same time! HAHA!
I'm thinking it's time for to move to Seattle.
lmao you black! :)
Just finished working out, can't feel any better than this!:)
Verlander with a no hitter thru 6. Consider this the official jinx.
thanks Liz!
Nicholas Cage is proof that nepotism will never leave hollywood. He's the worst working actor in the universe!
are they preserving it via video? I'm headed out on business for 18 days...
A great many open minds should be closed for repairs. ~ Toledo Blade Newspaper
Just spotted at #lma12 ... Ross Fishman!!
It Came From the Bargain Bin: HALLOWEEN H20: 20 YEARS LATER
at least he was on for 10 min...people should be greatful for that
Sometimes I don't even have a clue about my life.Then I realize D day I get them all, my purpose in this world would have been fullfilled.
Tomorrow, I think I'm going to recap the Brewers game by using as many words beginning with "s" as I can.
Washington Wealth Makes Waves With Addition of Pacific Point, Opens LA Office
Casting! Know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
Pics or it didn't happen.
It feels good to step back and clear my mind of the everyday distractions that get us off the path of what god has for us to do in life.
"I'll never let you go"
A1. Agree with : Grand Canyon. Pictures/words don't begin to capture its grandness
happy birthday to u ;)
I am listening to Ann and Mitt Romney and their response to comments made about Mrs. Romney never working & what Romney would do as prez.
I am the acceptation to every rule.
i agree!
RT : It is good to pray but it is better to become the prayer. --Blair Lewis
follow me please
Woo go saints
Really liking this album, can't wait to pick it up
Sometimes I get it wrong. But sometimes I get it right. Either way, I always learn something.
A lot of times, God presents you with an opportunity, and all you have to do is put the work in. If you don't act on it, it goes away.
hey, I'm part of the team here, you can follow me personally at
Grateful for a cool spring day so I can be in front of my fireplace one more time :)
That would be a trick! But, hey.. who knows? I am *so* glad they opened the #AHG11 conference up for online participants!
Though I heard a ad on KPBS last night on a report on a trip through Baja -- does that air tonight?
Sure I'm late: since 401k doesn't save $$, why support it? Why pay to close pension now when city still in economic recovery?
you're welcome <3
This traffic tho <<<<<
insomnia over unresolved stuff from the previous day.
working out he wants to look like gordon johnson ;)
What a great game. The fact that this badger team lost by one point is pretty amazing.
fuck u dominique
Feige and Downey called what they were doing with it "unprecedented" at the press conference.
Hey guys!! It's TFWE member Levi here on Cody's account. Who wants to chat? -Levi
so sexy:)
Ugh just put a deposit on an intensive. Good god.
aww,thanks :D
Screw u auto correct I meant bon fire
Ouch. Hope you get it back. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Did your travel plans change b/c of Hurricane Irene? If so, please email me at or send me a message. Thanks!
Leaving for work and I didn't sleep at all.
Same! But it's all about staying positive and keeping a good attitude as hard as it can be sometimes.
Leaving for our USF campus in Crown Point to celebrate in the pinning ceremony of our new nurses there.Congrats to our CP graduating nurses!
i cannot wait #3days for the #BOYFRIENDvideo!! too excited(: lots of love Justin<3
By the way, it's Rico and John. Twitter knows us as and You know us as handsome.
Awesome, hope you enjoy it !!!
Have a safe trip homie RT : LAX stay packed.
at least now I can own my guns in Chicago, thanks to the supreme court. Need to find a gun 4 the wife. She has small hands.
I wanted to go to the Macys day parade and hit a few clubs going by myself so people are trippin think imma end up dead
And Lord grant me the serenity to accept my Lost Brothers whom I cannot change.
What's your question? We can help find you an answer, or at least someone to talk to!
Now all we need is a comeback win! RT : And a birthday home run from ! Nice was to celebrate.
Hate the gym? You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
Thanks Karl!
I submitted an expense report for the hookers and blow to the RNC, but Michael Steel told me to just take it out of petty cash.
Listening to our clients more than speaking.
I think so :)
Haven't been on here for a while :/
it's -__- I working though
Red headed boys....
My sleep schedule is all messed up
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
New #loudtableneighbors. I think she's breaking up with him. It's a very awkward, very loud conversation.
Totally! It was easy to get excited about the book!
WOW I AM SORRY TO HEAR YOU WERE HACKED. HOW DO YOU MAKE THE INCOME YOU LISTED ON HERE THE LINK WOULD NOT LET ME CHECK IT OUT
just did! hope to hear back soon.
“: Fell on my ass while snow blowing #fuckoffwinter #bringmespring” Snow 1 0
I WANT A GIRLFRIEND.
#ff shout out to for your opening of DAMES AT SEA tomorrow night. Break a leg!
Can you feel it? Nothing can save ya.
PSA, people. RT : If a "free" iOS app ranks number one in "In App Purchases", best steer clear.
It's starting to sound like a carnival up in here
Now is the best time to check your cars a/c unit.We can recharge it at your office!
Best friend's wedding in Chicago this weekend. Any fun ideas to fill down time?
Great Album Chad!!:)
brutal stuff
Hey does anyone out there use Workamajig project management software? If so DM me please.
Dubstep is freaking amazing!
You are the reason I don't cut my own bangs anymore. xxxooo
Nice! RT Heard you got rid of your ED?
Hoes is irritating like the hiccups
Production meeting for #SpecialDelivery - a second #JBCreative video project for #AlcatelLucent which shoots from May 5th - 7th.
Meant "still 5 years from now." Already a budding rivalry,
k i made one, how do you use it! :o
Jets win!!! now time to sit back and hope for an Eagles WIN!
Home again in Mexico: Illegal immigration hits net zero
My newest follower's bio: "I am not a skinny girl, so if that is what your looking for that is not me. please follow me."
Did you go see gotti
Great lunch with at Julia's Bistro, discussing Children at Risk, particularly on the topic of Fitness.
I dont think this night can get any more boring.
GOP Reponse: "Trickle-down government doesn't work..." even though the Bush White House approved, implemented said policy, and it's worked.
Pirates were at bat for about 53 seconds that inning. Amazing.
is there an emoticon for rolling your eyes?!?! Get over it!
AWESOME effort in the competitive Agility, Speed & Reaction drills w/ the guys today. Also worked on safe & efficient cutting/deceleration
thanks ... one of many reasons i love spring
Whitney Houston has now been sober for 28 days!
New Costume white Laser Cut Metal Party Mask
RT : THE DEMANDS by is "crackling" and "Billingham never lets the tension lag" -
with +bby getting ready for !
Yes he did. Next thing will be, co hosting w He will have to trademark
Had big hopes for #FoxNewsMole but he didn't really pan out to much. cc:
We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.
I miss #oomf's
plz follow. Make my day:) make me scream my lungs out.lol
Eddie was killin' it on the drums today.
good news!
Strong women wear what they want! Wear it like you mean it and feel like a million bucks! Find your perfect fashion statement
i love you<U+2665> i wanna meet matt so bad<U+2665>
thank you 3amfright!
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.” <U+2015> Meg Cabot
yes ah!
ugh gosh you are such a h03
Aaaahhhh ... I'm feelin' the caffeine running through my veins ,stimulating my brain as I pause my movie to let you know .....
thank you Hope you have a great Saturday too I just wish I had better weather here
i loved when u were ub the fbi in wwe
Clouds and drizzle will dissipate throughout the day. Highs in the mid 40's. Temps will be back in the mid 50's tomorrow.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
happy bday fool
Just smooth...but it's extra creamy. Pls tell me you're going to come try it! Last day is Sunday.
"So fuck whoever don't put 100% in" -Folarin
Apparently Benedict Cumberbatch was voted the Britain's sexiest man. Democracy works!
I know I am very close to something great, because my personal life is in the crapper right now
I wish more than anything I were with you!
God mawnin everyone!!
Had a pretty baller birthday weekend.. Como quiero a mi familia <3
#Random thought .. is there a good dubstep remix of boombastic? ... bc there should be
free design program has our design students building sites this week. If you need help with yours email me.
RT : Signed licensing agreement for Alexander Street Press to house my scores for academic research and composer study. V pleased!
No basketball tournament to attend to this weekend!...about to umpire sum little league games.
Am real tired of dc time to turn on the d backs
Do you know someone in your church who wants to make a christmas cd? Our AK Little Big Band is a perfect project. Ask us about it.
Josh tells me "shit" is French for "beautiful."
Interested in starting to exercise. Need 2 improve balance & core strength. Can any1 recommend? Still have trouble w/ floor -> standing.
Would love to be out running right now, but it's 40 deg. and raining here in Chicago. Yay Spring!
#Spartans RT : Michigan State will be playing on the road against Miami (FL) on November 28th, in the Big 10/ACC Challenge
I like how unfollowed me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm spending more time today with tech support than I did collectively all of last year. I guess I should blame it on the weather...
Thanks for coming in last night, good to see you!
I see you're now following me, but for some reason I thought you already were. I'm certain we've spoken here before.
when are you negros free! Lol
I love the way that is handling this whole #DontGo situation, with some humor!
does either of you wanna go to LA with me this summer???
Every One help get #HappyBirthdayMickeyMouse trending!
How does everyday life gets so busy?
Just saw a 70+ man in a sweat suit riding a razor scooter down Folsom street.
We are very excited to announce details for a very special upcoming event...stay tuned for more information soon, documentary lovers!
where are you at now, like what school???
Understand that it is ok to be scared or uncertain,however right beyond those barriers ultimately lies your dreams. -Josh Hinds
Get this a child die in a school van. In Boston. And the local new's big story is Brady's wife got pulled over for speeding. and no tix''WTF
Fuckin wit garage band on the Mac Book .... this shit descent
Jared weaver might throw the no hitter
Ouch I guess he really put the 'ow' in there; hopefully now he'll know to watch out for 'ho's.
When you have no one to talk to, but you realize if someone was there you wouldnt want them
Could we stop using the term, "Wordsmith"? As in, " Scott, can you wordsmith my vague ideas into something meaningful?"
Good morning Normal Illinois, are you ready to rock?
So let me get this right. You're endorsing a guy who calls an educated young woman a slut? Wow.
I may be the only person in this city not watching the #Pens. Pretty sure I can stay up to date via Twitter.
You are special, you are unique; may your Eid be also as special and unique as you are..
awww - (insert heart here)
I'm right there with ya. All shapes and sizes. I just want em!!
Yu know you got sum dank ass herb if yu can smell it thru the bag..
I just realized that spring semester is almost over, which means I have survived my first year of college :D
Some things once said can't be #forgotten, but can they be #forgiven? Trying to #payitforward, let's see if this works...
Everybody Gettin Ready to Party this Weekend! Hell Yeah! I LOVE It! My Part in Spreading Party Spirits is Working!
Same to you ladies;)
#CivSumm11 Tim Eatman is excited about the Civic Seminar and wishes he were there. Will stay tuned in throughout the day.
New Mantra: Embrace simplicity. Let the truth of craft, the realness of humanity shine.
so jealous of your jazz fest adventure!!!
#FearTheQuietGuys ..saw the promo last night...#BOSS!
the tips on those lightsabers always made me feel uncomfortable.
hey you guys going to mom and dads
So sick of the bitter commentary on #SeaMayDay from the likes of Michelle Malkin.
Do you have a cellphone? :/
I am sure I am a close second..been practicing since I was 2;) lol!
SleepIssues: the "Women and Sleep" issue will be available for download in March or you can subscribe!
well isn't he nice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
There is so much irony about the guy has "yellow fever" and "liking" an article I shared about online dating and race fetishes.
umm like 3 math classes a study hall English theatre theology
I prefer his maya angelouesque G0T ANY FEET PIC WHITE TRASH
Thank you so much! We appreciate all the help we get from sponsors to tweets :)
you know when you look at something, then you get pissed off because you looked at it? yeah just did that, fucking rad.
Calling all Honeywell security installers! We can save you money on equipment and help you build your business. Call us at 866.364.0030
I meant to reply. Yes....and I loved the 99 problems jayz remix lol
where have u been????
Fantastic, Fantastic Job. So Proud of Our City. ONLY (and I mean ONLY) downside: warming zones in SB Village are ineffective
Graphic and Web Design folks: What font management program do you use? FontExplorer X is giving me massive troubles lately.
Happy Easter to everyone! Who's going Easter Egg hunting?!
How soon to #teach kids, students about Bullying Prevention?? As EARLY as possible.
Cody has the coolest grandma ever
Tracy Morgan's apologies accepted - but how about casting a reoccurring gay character on 30 Rock? Perhaps ?
Loser Lemonade: Home of the 808
I tried to update the email in my profile, but the change doesn't stick. Perhaps its an issue with 'sign in with google'?
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Gamma Xi chapter at Western Michigan Univ on April 21, 1951!
You have to check out our latest breaking story about Cal Ripken. We'll have some video up on Monday as well.
What's the difference in wearing your bra and underwear in public if you can wear a bikini ?
Take my side, come on , you know you can:)
haha how is that supposed to help you get to sleep? Or cool you down lol
Our NEW LAKEVIEW location is OPEN daily til 9pm...Pick-Up, Delivery or Dine-in!!! Come Get Curried Away!!!
Today was a Brian Eno day.
went skydiving. Had a picnic on the beach. Pedicure. Now looking 4 a happy hour. L's b'day
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 5/26/11 2-3 ft knee to waist high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP:63°F
this hurts but I appreciate you being sassy enough to tell me to my sass
Where's my motivation
Enjoying our new social media tool: - A great tool for entry to professional social media marketing.
pretty much
First panel at #uniteforum includes superintendents from Fresno , , , ,
$10 microchip can reunite you with your pet. Stop by Indy Animal Care & Control during normal business hours. No appt necessary!
I can't make her change her mind, is what I'm trying to say.
He Flavio... I hope you like this demo
LoveDrug back to Dallas!!
who are you too judge me-.-
cAll me
I don't think my "raw food only" diet is really going to work until all my snacks are gone from my work space...
runaway love, with ludacris, is such a sad song :'(
Part 1 of the 4 part mixtape series droppin next week. All leading up to our 2nd full LP "And Then There Was 2". Austin, your in for a treat
I'm so pissed now.
Oh no! I might have to make a stop in visit for you sometime soon then.
"In our journey through life, we have obstacles to overcome. It is these experiences that shape you to be the person you are."
RT : Organizing to do what's right doesn't always work, but it's the only thing that ever has a chance.
Hooray, no new hashtag needed!
Man being Nice 2 people gets U Nowhere! Wow shit crazy! About 2 turn yall BitchAsses 2 dust touch by the GHOST.
o please share!!!
China’s military warns of confrontation over seas
When'd you get him/her? Name?
oh... Well that's a plus. How bad of a head hit was it? I'm at work, missed it
Follow Friday
oh yeah? Lol
You could forge my signature by dropping a pen onto a piece of paper.
I don't want to work today :l today feels weird ugh >:(
Get Money Go Home
What's the over/under on Lou Pinella going ape shit in the broadcast booth?
Not sure how it works. Not sure GMs do either, as CG kept talking about still learning new things about CBA in presser..,
I am gonna miss that little dude with the model wife. #Hollande is not real pro-USA we have to start ordering Freedom Fries.
Happy birthday to me (:
I hate how you act around them. You treat me differently and you don't even care.
Friday... what does that mean?
New blog post : 10 Foods That Make You Slim
every second i spend with you is a second i wouldn't want to trade for anything in this world.
hey Jillian, always great to have you!
I'm good
Where others nurse a cuppa coffee… MT : been given half a cup of liquid nitrogen. Plan to do pointless food tricks all night.
Another #Christmas in Washington DC this year. Can't wait!
I saw it when we met, at New Port Beach Film Fest last year.
is that static html?
Man today was heavy .
It's really fun being random. Rhinoceros.
There seems to be some system issues w/the Daily news I submit. I may need to stop the service. FYI.
that to the boys
“If A equals success, then the formula is A equals X plus Y and Z, with X being work, Y play, and Z keeping your mouth shut.”
Even more awesome? The fact that half of the library participants have received lay-off notices but they're still so dedicated!
So proud of and heard they did amazing at the Billboard Music Awards...Respect and Love them #TrueFan <3
Hahahahahaha yeah buddy
looking behind the scenes and thinking modern day Malcolm Cecil & Bob Margouleff's.
RT : I know right!! LOL!!! I'm proud of you bro!!!!!!! Keep working hard and staying humble bro!!// Likewise bro!!
does he go to our school? :D
If you are at #SXSW come on by our booth
Even on sunny days it rains on my deck.
Happy New Year from - thanks for a great year! Remember to drive safe tonight!
2NITE "THE JACKIE SPEAKS RADIO SHOW" IS LIVE AT 8PM WITH HOSTESS AND MUSIC BY ON
Think That I'll come running back baby you don't know me cause your dead wrong.
Snow in Chicago tried to stop me (or my plane); so far I am hovering over Dallas...
Caprario to Lead Art Van Warehousing, Distribution Steve Caprario has joined Art Van Furniture as vice president of warehousing and distr
Men can be so difficult!
What do you love doing the most? (:
Drinking Chinese Pu-er Tea may also help enhance blood circulation by boosting the flow.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold; but so does a hard-boiled egg.- Unknown
#reasonsThatImSingle because is not.
I just found out that my son and daughter in law are expecting their first child and I will then be a Grandma for the first time :)
"acting" like a manager? RT : Clint Hurdle “: Which player has delivered Sunday's top performance so far? #MLBFC”
Watched your movie bout 20 times and it still hasn't gotten old
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 42
Bald is beautiful
Indeed. It's not a "recreational activity." Fluke discussed birth control pills used to treat a medical condition.
Hannah Montana the movie <3
I don't want to know. I prefer to think of it as magic, rather than learn it's actually something disgusting or mundane.
- Clearly my alarm clock is Jealous of my relationship with my bed.
holy shit, have you never heard of the Weather Channel before? Or the web?
60/40 Astros...“: So, I need some predictions for tomorrow night's Astros fan to Rangers fan ratio.”
Responded to FIRE @ 773 Maple St, Brooklyn, NY 11203 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
I really want to date a pro basketball player....or just someone whose reallyy tall <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Oh how sad.
Basically, I'm a fearless, independent bitch on the internet & a shy, friendly slut in real life.
yeb, got one. Mostly like it for wake up and activity remainders, also like where their stats are heading :)
#DBUalum--It's the last home game of the season! Who will be there to watch the beat the OSU Pokes? Spread the word!
Love late-night chats with & "Magic Stick" playing in the background
How tight would it be if every major city's Subway lines played music from that city? You'd get around and get musical history lessons.
What heaven must look like...... thanks for sharing.... have fun!
Say what you mean, and mean what you say.
That'd be great. I'll pay for it with the lottery money I'm going to win after being selected to swim at the London...
Do you know why you need special Yoga Pants to practice Yoga?
tweet deck info continued..Works like a charm for managing more than one account too.
“: What does "Aloha" mean to you?” It means "my honeymoon" in 2 weeks at your hotel!
. "Past performance is no guarantee of future results" :)
Its war. Niggas betta strap up. Kissing condoms at ur local CVS RT : Can't kiss everyone in the mouth. It's real outchea
today was great! hungout with my friends i had a blast with Henryy nd Karisa :)
Got my hotel booked fo south padre cant wait its goinnnn down 2 king size beds whoop whoop
Welcome to #Tucson! The summers are hot, BUT not humid. Plus, the monsoons are pretty awesome. Where did you move from?
I love you girl!Your the best!!!!!!(:
whats worse the toddler or bikram??
Indeed! Well said.
Not true. Reggie miller is one of the best to play the game and he never won one
hey hey hey what up
It's a win-win! RT : I'd appreciate it also. i just don;t have time to post everything that i want to.
#mentionyourcrush some people might not be talking after this shit.
It could be a DIY project :)
I was thinking the same thing! get Al on the line!
- if we are, we want to probably get things purchased/ordered soon.
so what are your plans for today
S/O 2 the friends at SKAR. Gr8 2 see u at the
CAN SOMEONE KNOCK THIS JERKOFF NEIL OUT!?!?!? WTF #NYR!! DO SOMETHING!!!
G-20 meeting (another one) gives talking heads a chance to pretend things are under control, and try to keep markets at bay a bit longer.
#Instagram - naedemolish & I do follow back!
Aww,Mr Seacrest, My Parents are Dentist and They really enjoy ur new Pro Picture !;)
I haven't had much luck recently, dropped my phone down the toilet and now it doesn't work
Happy to share the twitter skies! Thanks for the connection!
Sweet, I get to go to a meeting at the Old Executive Office Bldg. Never been there. Plus, gets me out of my office's All Hands meeting.
This time next week, you all will have hopefully seen my debut music video, Down...stoked!!
Passion breeds success.
Do you think they are also going to sing the Candian National Anthem?
ABDC is on!!:O I am very Happy!!:))) gshshxbsuskdnuzkagxy! OMG
I'm sick. (Not lyme related) thanks for asking how are you? I love you mom!
We have so many eggs from our farm share so I'm gonna make a souffle tonight and get rid of them.
just watched the #JEdgar media screening directed by Clint Eastwood, starring #LeonardoDicaprio as #Hoover. It’s a good movie… not great.
It's Square Dance Day! "I did pretty good for a guy who never finished high school and used to yodel at square dances."---Roy Rogers ;)
if we do somehow loose this series LA is still working hard.
Going to get meds refilled. Oh joy.
I'm going to stand by my decision to drink before the gym. In fact, I think everyone should do it.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!57
Seattle couple committed to taking home, well, home - The Seattle Times
Fish friday! What should I pick up at the store ???
I was not a slut tonight! I'm a 201 them xD
I could not understand what this old man was saying.
Excited about them playing I'm in ,"Too Much Drama, To Stay Focused". By Earl Singleton
How? I want to like her but its like all I've seen is the bad
over it
what it do
now that was just. wow. ;)
Great fuel prices! ...........Thanks alot Obama bin Laden !
I doubt they will. This however does signify the end of Paterno's coaching career. Heads will roll all the way up the chain.
miss u!
hm , I'm bored now.
1D Come Home is trending and I kinda agree with it... the boys need a little bit of a break, at least. they work so hard!
its the truth ladies chill
Thanks Arleen, great to connect with you.
so if you love me baby this is how you let me know, don't ever let me go, that's how you'll let me know baaybaay <U+2665>
It's not so difficult to get used to.
Best wishes and much success! RT : I am leaving the Free Press to be a senior writer for Sports Illustrated
Life is like a piano. What you get depends on how you play it.
i aint got shit goin on! LD asked me if e wanted to do a diss battle so get on
Doctors lawyers accountants
UGH! Just got the files man. Wow. Well worth the wait. THANK YOU! Classic
$2.50 today! Quarter pound Polish and Reg Beef!! Try my new spicy chipotle n fennel ketchup!
Love is not just a word, its wat 2 people share together
or "chocolate" or "cookies" RT : I forget -- does the "C" in JISC stand for "cake" or "cats"?
I think you meant *< RT : Girls that bitch about guys not texting them > sometimes y'all gotta take the risk & text him!
I'm from #Bieberland :D what about you :)))
we had a great info session last night! #Can'tWait for auditions & the start of classes!! :) #TSStudioRocks!
Hey Kevin, hope you had a fun time! How'd you do?
And THANKS! :) There is also a GLBTQ Friendly Merengue Lesson. We'll be promoting on Homo Radio this Sunday Jan 1st!
LOL - Yeah.... I was browing the geeks on FBDork.com when my stuff went down. Stupid timewarner
Busy day at ! Interviews with and !
On my self esteem boosting mission at the State Fair.
my guess would be a little chilly!
Love the soup lol
only cuz the Wendy's line was too long
Did I ever tell you that having road rage is such an attractive feature? :)
I'm not worried about your mom & dad boyfriend/fiance brother or sisters. It's your fat friends & Chris Hanson who scare me.
Good morning my friends. Hope to see you at the meeting tonight :-)
Our students really enjoyed attending the opening at last night!
DS: Welcome to #Baltimore &
What's your favorite animal?
Adrenaline has rehearsal this afternoon. We'll be learning new songs for Wet Willie's on Beale St. this Friday.
lies lies liess
I read your bio ... but you're on the path! You'll get there :)
Hi Stan, ty for the follow interesting blog
id like to see T in the park someday
:( no worse feeling than knowing you never come first
TSA agent was surprised and annoyed that I wanted to know *where* he was going to touch me before he did it.
extraordinarily so... RT : newt = fundamental loser
Shall we sprint?
you wanna go! You gotta go!
If that was any indication of the future BRING THAT SHIT ON!
what the test bout like landforms or etc.?
In the end, people are the only defensible competitive advantage.
Again I don't hide behind a keyboard. Not afraid. You can't intimate me. You're acting tough on Twitter hypocrite
we are all set for tomorrow tweeple: speaker,dancer,boombox, coffee, donuts, social media will make for an awesome breakfast tomorrow
Best place to get free stuff in Madison...play the game !
But your Canadian! Lol your supposed to be good at anything snowish lol
Half a Club Sandwich from Raffery's #winning :-)
im at work :p bored as fuckkkk u!?
The Social Express will be a sponsor for the Flawless Foundation event held at Fred Segal in Santa Monica December 8th. What a great cause!
also, you're not following me. :( and Ang doesn't have one..
On my way to BAND PRACTICE!!! :)
"Aviators are for cops. Wayfarers are for Tom Cruise. i imagine you a young Tom Hanks. Red Wayfarers are where it's at. Look for them, Ben."
#MyCelebCrushIs D Wade
#10thingsthatannoyme 7. when no one answers my question.
She always get 's jealous, but it's only because shes afraid to lose you.
I so agree, I have refused to watch any and all shows that give GG air time.
thanks do much for watching and for supporting business women!
I promise I made that last tweet up even though I'm now aware roughly a million people made it up before me.
I love it!!! You're so ready for Summer!!
today is so nice and quiet
I'll suck dick for an invite to that party text me
Same here. I'm going to also chew doublemint gum all day.
I saw the rats brain lmao xD
#DidYouKnow? Choosing a gas storage water heater that has earned the rating can save you $$
On the road
That cute jeep broken down on the interstate is mine..
Any chance that Joe Jonas, Jennifer Love Hewitt or Susan Lucci will recur more often?
Scorps on repeat, all day every day.
On a quest for Raaaawwrrr shoes lol
Shit just blew the fuck outta me. Hoping the rest of my day goes better.
": I Know you will .lol"You wnt to meet some where so i can kill you
“: Yep sounds about right...doesn't it and ??RT : #Gemini is the life of the party.” SOTRUE
hey now...we'll do fine without him (faithful fan/season ticketholder hope here, ha)!
": is following me! O lawdy! She rides a wave of swag into the universe. Me = #fangirl"haha thank you!
I have had 45 minutes to myself this morning. In silence. It feels heavenly.
Sad reality. My video camera gets more compliments than i do hahaha
With a doubt,
Oh, I wish I was in France right now. This election is amazing. #Hollande!
libra fo life
You're single? Didn't know that. Or, is that a quote?
Only you would guess c*m when you see a picture of a big yellow bus! Lol!
PEOPLE ARE SO DRAMATIC. NOONE CARES.
how do u like new York my homeland
It's been a hell of a day and it's not even 4 yet
89 fans away from some super cool giveaways to celebrate hitting 20k!
Whitney Houston dead at 48. What a loss! What a voice! What a shame!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles She's Just Not That Into You
I am back in ATL! :) I play tonight in north GA.... :)
Good Morning East Coast!
I'm Scurred.
OH: I'm pretty sure I've never thought negatively of Dairy Queen. <-- Truth
Maybe I can stay awhile....I'm talking about all the time.
Hope they have a kill switch.
lol my other tweet was for u too lol come over I mean
TATI SAYS THANKS FOR ALL THE FAN MAIL AND LOVE SHE IS RECEIVING FOR HER SONG LOL
this Monday?
awesome guest speaker -- students loved you!
fixed RT : not sure if that's sarcasm or not? i tried listening a few weeks ago. i got 20 seconds into it and wanted to dance!!!!!!
Starting a gardening series @ beasilyscorner.blogspot.com. You live in the city? I'll address that, too.
I NEVER thought I'd be in this position again..:(
": No regrets, just lessons learned.Life would be a lot easier if I could put my feelings and thoughts into words."
Create meaningful, shared experiences. Get involved in church, volunteer, or pray together. You'll bond on a deeper level.
Al Lewis: Mortgage broker fights lender folly
I'm sleepy!!! :/ hope today things will go better... with EVERYTHING
sounds great
Looks like a useful original purpose. Given the passive aggressive comments I get on LibGuides already not sure can take any more.
Food! I knew I forgot something today! Had plenty of coffee today though.
ha!ha!! More of a meeting than date+ it makes life all the more interesting;) c u sat sistah
Headache day 2. Tried coffee, water, gatorade, vitamins, food, Aleve, aspirin, and singing my face off, to no avail. Guess it's a tumor.
Nope. Vinny has done enough of that for us.
Do it!
where did you find it?
yes sir ;)
RT : : A1: Accepting that I deserve to Happy, Healthy and Successful.
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW YOU
Tonight catch Al and Jenny playing w/ The Black Sands and supporting Jesse LaMonaca's album release 9pm.
I will be headlining a FREE show this Sunday at Bottle Rock in Culver City down the street from Sony Studios. Show starts at 7 PM and...
My Mum Got A Massage There ^________^.
awkward <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083> (that's a nose for any of you non emoji phones)
what up D Fish lol!
I got staff infection ;(
Why can't school just be over. It's a waste of time now.
“: I sustained a ping pong injury today. Who does that?!” If not drinking, one can tense up leading to embarrassing injury
I think it's Etats-Unis.
Awww, shoot ;) So YOU are the "especially you ;) x x x x" mysterious girl! WOO!
When there's no Cap'n Crunch at home what do you do? Go to girlfriends appt. and eat hers. Hah
Dude, I dig your stuff. Seriously.
indeed. This was definitely a cheese question.
Only fifteen minutes, hurry up! Come learn How to Build "To Go" and "Shelter in Place" kits in the Kyle Morrow room
I <3 Kenny from south park :3
Listening to Quincy jones exploration of Henry mancini CD. Loving the orchestration. Merry Christmas all.
Thanks, and sorry, I guess?
the week we we're on vacation killed my queue. I have 10hrs of commute a week which helps.
Tomorrow is my last day of school as a senior . It's over forever !
Your amazing(: Love iconic boyz <3
Finnick Odair just needs to get casted. I need to love him forever like right now.
looks like i'm not doing anything tonight. thanks mom.
#forgottenartists JoJo- leave(get out) and Too Little Too Late.
Well, that's not the only reason. It was also very cold. Kinda racist, but VERY COLD!
RT : Show ur #ProjectStyle love & let the Twitterverse know about it. Tweet #ProjectStyle & help us represent!
#TwSIG Using mobile devices to report twitter in fieldwork for environmental classes.
So over all this bullshit. I can't wait to get out of high school. Fuckin' aye.
We hear that DC Film Alum& Instructor is moving to LA. Our loss for sure, but LA is going to be very lucky. We'll miss you!
RT : Is Halloween a good time to teach your children about taxes? For every 10 you get, you need to pay your parents 4....
You best sing David Bowie w/all your heart.
So excited to relax tonight and I will try my best to not feel guilty about it!
Taking the stage tonight at the Comedy Store @ 8pm. . . All I can think about is a way to eat a banana without making me look like a slut.
YES! Might make me run for the hills and keep the std's away!
i cried a little bit earlier today. We take him back in an hour. This is much harder the second time.
what's up David! Nice to see you on the twitters!
Chicagoland Mini Motoring Club at Culver's, 2500 Ogden Av, Downers Grove today from 5pm to hang out, meet up and eat frozen custard. See ya!
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit. Anonymous
Thanks for the mention
Really introspective interview w Donna Summer--> so glad we had a 'Last Dance' w you
I got a free extra sandwich from yesterday when they were closing and just had it for dinner at work. Still good the next day.
LEDs last 50 times longer than incandescent lighting and 10 times longer than fluorescent.They also require less maintenance.
And you fell victim to my failed attempt to establish lists. I do better with chaos!
So, the furry thing was on his knees making a wailing noise. he looked at my puzzled face and said: "What? I am a dog."
No question about integrating mobile is considered to be "dumb". Are you considering a mobile strategy in your marketing mix, we can help.
Let's go Skins!!!
Can summer start already? I miss my $500 paychecks.
GUD MORNING FACEBOOK ! HAVE A GOOD 1 FAM !!!!!!! LATER
As a child sbusr survivor, I would like to thank you for one day eradicating abuse from our society.
#Teaparty blind ideology hates Gov't to extreme of giving all power to corps. Scewed thinking.
it says a lot about your living situation when stripping starts to sound like a viable career option. dude, they make tons of $$.
google us BOCK STARZ ENTERTAINMENT and LIKE our facebook page
Follow our friends they help protect your pet incase they ever go missing!
I'm blasting my music so I won't hear my thoughts, but the lyrics just remind me of what I'm trying to forget.
salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch
Yes! Take flight :0) RT : wow word travels far!! Lol! But yeah I'm having a blast! 6 more shows!!!
Please discourage your friends from outside of Madison from coming to Mifflin this year
please follow me <3 i love u and your smile :) tanks
If you watched Conan the first time, you can tune in again to see Ed play very soon!
Home run derby all day!!
Awesome sales at our kiosk in the Wa Sq mall. Come check us out right in front of Nordstroms. Xmas is only a week away, so get some Lunatik
I'd love to connect with some more mamas with ADHD or parents of kids with ADHD
I'm speechless! good thing Im typing! pleased to Tweet you!
Thanks for the RT, great weekend to you
We're going to the Super Bowl!!!!!!
Kaitlyn's ears are happy and so are we! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer. Happy 4th to you and yours!
Thank you so much for the compliment and for providing support to small NM businesses!
Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's. #Audrey Hepburn
i thought only old ppl eat their cereal that way :\ not calling you old tho! Lol
Hollywood, stop giving movies such long names. These box office fullscreens are getting too cluttered. Also, I still hate VizRT.
we'll evaluate product lines after the holiday season is over. Many of the kits are in clearance & will not be carried any longer.
YEAH BUDDY!!!
what a day. what a day. what a day.
Let's chat more, but I'm game, & interested in hearing things you guys do out there. Commencement is 5/12 but I can make it work.
wow thanks for the code!
I haven't read it yet, but his other stuff is about as far from that as Deleuzian criticism can be.
Sports talk radio drives me nuts. I'm thinking, shut up and let's play!
glad you dig your shirt - it was great hanging & talking today! - s
i'm overwhelmed how good Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl was. It's a love story for the ages, from beginning to end.
Any suggestions for a good dinner spot around Islamorada?
thank God everyone is ok...
DANG :O. Its 11:57 (night time Hahaha) Here!!!!
3.9 gpa your final semester of college?!? you are showing me up big time with everything else you do too
thanks again for a great night of food and karaoke
Slightly sleepy now, afternoon nap first!!! Ugh.
My kid came home with her 1st note from the teacher..I'll read it after the boys play. Go Cowboys!!
was the hug better today <3 lol
Good times at lesbian high
Huntsy: A Smart Dashboard for Your Job Search
new website coming!
My niece Sophie just asked me where the #girlscouts get all of their
Obama promotes manufacturing during Milwaukee speech
hahahaha enjoying this conversation immensely
great day you?^^^
God has an elevation plan for your life!!!
You can lead a horse to Sailor Jerry but you can't make him think!
Let's make one thing clear, he still tested positive for awesome.
I guess you only truly love once.
Congrats on your baby, my wife and I are also expecting. We play ur records all the time..
Dick Clark died?
at the verizon center.
LOL, was it wrong that I was hoping he would strike out during his last AB to make it 0 for 20? Instead he walked. Stupid non AB.
remember register early for May Day for $20.00. MPOA will be BBQ Tri-Tip and DSA will be doing their beans!
I got my mojo back baby aw behave!
you and me both Fam!
I'm great! You seem like have a pretty awesome band!
are you going to be in ANC this year?
Hello! Back from #London-- was cold and rainy... had fun but now i'm glad to be home in #Chicago where it's sunny and warm!
getting a giant headache...
Nonetheless, it was a thought-provoking tweet.
We're thinking of you all - stay safe!!!
I'm wearing a hat. It's an imaginary hat. It's the color of comfort and scented with lavender.
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3o
I don't want this best buy giftcard, is it weird to try and sell it out front of the store?
Responded to FIRE @ 2070 Grand Concourse, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 18 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Pitching a perfect game against the Mariners is as impressive as scoring 14 on the Red Sox.
cleaning my room for the first time since i moved in.
What cool project are you working on today?
My friend and I kept screaming we love you during softball practice<3 ! #yee follow baack(: ?
got it
CRASH: Powell @ Hogan in Gresham
are you my father? I don't think so
Tebow! Tebow! Tebow! I'm on one knee, fist to forehead!
N when she calls I act as if I dnt knw who it is lol
I got you sis
Prom is in two days. This can not be happening right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> #uhoh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
also I found out some of my friends in their mid 20s have no idea what a cervix is
I just got invited to a Manhattan roof top party for Cinco De Mayo on Saturday. I can't wait! What will you all be doing?
#followfriday Follow these guys and they will follow you back!
nice goals in your description. thanks for the follow.
A looongg night of homework whoop whoop!
I can't argue with that.
“ Who else want a shout out #RT THIS”
I miss everything about him. But he hates me. I can't imagine hating him for good.
This is all very nice but I'm willing to bet it won't be Angels/Marlins in the World Series
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal. - Thomas Jefferson
This, despite the fact I actually came in and *upgraded*-- trusting that Comcast would make it right
so jealous you're at #SpringTraining!
Only two features yet to program and a mobile app then will be ready to launch. Hitting a time crunch now.
Excellent! Keep up the great work and congratulations on the big milestone!
manic panic is vegan.
Everything we ignore costs us in mental time, space and weight. All while we think we are ignoring it.
I have a taste for a catfish dinner...
I know you know, I got your heart pumping. I know you know, we know we got something (;
Anyone know why Man U was wearing black arm bands today vs West Brom?
#freestuff pick me :)
what up blackie
Mustard wins.
Don't you love it when it says you have an unread messege, but when you look theres nothing?
please please please follow back?? ;))**
I did the the rope climb at the beach. Thanks, P90x!
Also, if you're in New Orleans, I'm going on the radio at around 1:45 to talk #Hornets rebranding RE: #Wizards rebranding.
I do not like green eggs & ham - but I love green glaze donuts! Celebrate Saint Patrick's day with us and try one of these yummy new treats!
"is there any love" came on @ the bar in Chicago
Just a heads up, my previous tweet was not a subtweet because subtweeting is fucking retarded.
Heyy! How was your day? I Love You too! xoxo
Me to soon as this heffa get out my kitchen so I can get to my private stock. RT : I need a drink
Thinking about #Luck, and can't shake the awful Massive Attack opening credits. Would've preferred Nick Nolte singing Way Down in the Hole.
But that's a top three school.
i feel like the unnecessary conversation amongst some women is what gets us in trouble like wtf does one's lacefront got to do with you?
raiders dmac? Seriously? Carson palmer?
Pleased it was only a 4hr delay! About 2 set off. Will b cutting it fine 2 make connection frm JFK 2 salt lake tho!
Welcome back!
#WeWontWork if you have a bad personality or no sense of humor.
Director, Writer, & Producer...
I hate girls that smoke cigarettes.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Thu, 21:50 PST
Focus=do "one" thing, Excellence= do one thing well, Motivation=do the one thing well to love & serve others.
In Atlanta, 760 Frenchmen / women voted in today's elections- 65% for #Sarkozy, only 35% for #Hollande. Seems to be the trend across the US
yw= your welcome
Rene, STOP reading news stories about animal cruelty. You knew it was going to make you cry, and now you're 10 min behind on work & upset.
#idol - Joshua has a great voice and the song was heartfelt but as usual he reverts back to screaming too much.
Sunny But Cold Really.?!
Hey we're 5 minutes into Happy Hour- are you ready for your weekend to begin? What's your favorite way to start your Friday?
He just told me I'll be off the market soon. Seriously?
Good Morning, Happy New Year's Eve, Eve! 2012 is your year!
I love that you use wax earplugs in Starbucks...
Very excited to work on the remaining wedding paper components for !
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
even for Black Tie and Boots ball?
At work tired and bored ...blah
So your saying I'm dumb for getting that for Bc I was thinking about getting her another one? Whatever you say I'll do
Good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
No problemo - I always appreciate your tweets & thoughts, ArthurG!
the twitter pond is fetid this morning with expletives...why do people feel the need to express themselves so cheaply & rudly?
Almost done with the semester! ready for summer!its gonna be sick!:D
You forgot to add my name for the topps archive box.
Bwahaha! Welcome to hell. Next thing you know, you'll be attending a dinner party.
its fun:)
RT : We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER.
Woo woo!
it will be on the radio streetz 106 Friday night
Also, Hawaii at Air Force will be on ESPN2.
We love Wednesdays because kicks off in just two more days! Make today count!
So I have no class today and I dont work.. why the hell am I up so early? oh well, might as well be productive
Many of our members are on Twitter! Follow
KING PLOW = WIN EVERYTIME!!!
Thanks again Nicole Hewitt for selecting to be shown at DC's Afro-Brazilian Arts & Cultural Festival!
imma do that too!
I'd love to read a blog post on that!
its my friends bday at el sitio tonight!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Why is it that I want to put a red bow in 's her hair and dress her up like GILLY.
I don't like you.
Look at the lineup on #ESPLin It's all #jeremeylin #allthetime I predict again #NBA finds a way to get him into #allstargame festivities
I'm trying hard to spread awareness (just awareness, seems easy enough) can I get a RT (since every1 else is, I want one 2)
End of the top of the 6th, OLLU and BC tied at 1.
i dnt understand how you cn drink but whn i smoke, all hell breaks loose.
I really don't know why I'm around in today's world. I must've been someone in the 1950's and part or all of their soul remains in me today.
Sure man. I think I can help you out.
polls are now open! Marion Co. Clerk talks about 4 precincts with problems this morning, nothing widespread. That's coming up at 6:30
I expected some sort of bumped badge for my consecutive checkins at JFK and LGA.
Good morning twats. c:
These #Bears need to step it up!
Excited that the Power will face Cleveland on NFL Network this Friday night!
You forreaaallll need to calm yourself.
Terrific finish for the Flyers and 06 Hobey Baker winner who earns assist on Briere's OT winner.
Just followed you. Nice to meet someone who also call out the dumb ass Fire Baggers. Nice to meet you!
hes already given us an xbox, what more do you want?
flattering! i have some thoughts abt your shirt selection in those photos of you and your parents at dinner
Gonna be a long day. I really dread these ten hour shifts.
Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins are about as perfect a musical pair as there has ever been.
: what's shakin bacon??? Opps sorry wrong breakfast food!! Lol....what's bakin biscuit???
love you too! I have a new sport you are going to har to play with me!
When I retire I'm moving to Kepler-22b
who are you telling...
I have so much homework, but I keep thinking about #GossipGirl tonight.
Hi sam- just e-mailed you a pdf of the article. Let us know if you need anything else.
my #gooddeed is trying to teach my 5 year old Autistic brother to talk & write!:) what's yours?:) (follow me?:))
Too Fly
i don't like the fact that google chrome keeps my bookmarks whenever i'm logged into google.
No matter what I'm going through, there's always someone doing worst than me. I should be grateful for what I have and who I have.
you rock!
McCarthy: we have come so far with our spec. needs children. Explain how we can reach these kids and keep the in school under this law.
Elation. Dejection. Back to zen base level. All in an afternoon.
That was entertaining. Make it to the symphony when you can. Love this crowd. Lots of long gray hair in ponytails, gr8 clothes.
Q3 Trying to do a little marketing, as we're part of a larger org and haven't been featured lately.
and #herworld pairing up today to encourage girls to pursue their dreams. Thanks Board president Garcia for speaking!
Yikes! Clearly, they need your help.
There's too much money out here for us to be bullshitting. #Smh Love is love and business is business.
As much as I heart the DC metro, I think its time to swap the avatar for the super-cool Fort logo :).
I trust nobody but my mom
It's hard to run away from my problems. They know where I live.
Hey Ken, how are you? Busy, brother. Got some BIG things happening for and
oh wad you really,go to school lol
Yeah, 2 accounts = confusing. It's like playing hide-and-go-seek. Only on Twitter. And no one finds you.
She's delicious.
Hey ! Thanks for getting the word out about Go Go Green. However, the date of the race is actually October 22!
we were all beginners once! Keep skating - LOTS - and connect with our recruitment committee:
Happy Birthday To My Bro
We need to rooolll
i am really looking forward to the best month ever.
emphasis on entrepreneurship in #COFLA plenary on building communities after crisis - proud of efforts w/
I gave $25. Request-Lisa Harrigan wants a Neil photo, as it's a very nice one of him and he sent me to you. Thanks.
Gotta eat dat pussy up b4 stickin it n. doesn't matter how wet she already is, lick up dem juices, & get her even wetter. Den slide n
Apopka: Just really heavy rain in about 20 minutes or less
Someone get me coffee. Please. Ah!
I followed them can I get a follow from you?
"Chill nights" are good nights...
Wife's sudden impulse: go see The Avengers in 12 minutes. I support this.
Great lunch with business insider
lol it's actually Ravi's, jokes on you all!
Ha hey Im playin burrito Bison
We will now offer the setup, explaination, and customization of twitter accounts for clients, also RSS and misc options. Contact us Today!
Wow, could have listened to an entire session of on paratextual gesturing
You're having a good profile pic day #justsayin Stopped by to tweet hello!
ik.. I let Anna borrow it In a race with hot wheels and she broke it..
It's getting more like, where can I go and not hear about Shadow People invading than, where do I go to find where one's lurking :(
When you smoke marijuana it reveals your real self.
True Blood was the best ever tonight !!!
Good game! And PM is awesome. “: Great game ! And thanks for what you do to help support #local!”
If you could get a meal "on the house" at any restaurant in Denver, where would you go? What would you order?
not the Chicago Scrubs!!
I don't think I've seen this many kids at any other corporate campus dining facility.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW Coby Kyros MID7015 7-Inch Android Internet
RT "You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mind"—Irish Proverb
I will most likely be wearing Lolita at the Ball <3
between RI and I could just settle into a life of agoraphobia!
Couldn't agree more! RT : is not a bad place to be a regular
About to be the 'Mystery Reader' in my daughter's preschool class.
Bout watch the Heat vs Knicks! Who you rockin' wit?
to punt..kick when ya don't get the 10 yards..no metaphor intended
Your favorite calendar app?
Good question MT might be a tough post, but should try research on temp variation. +10 deg inc. 2 days in a row, then -20 deg?
Keeping Christmas alive (in a Jewish household) by eating reindeer cookies.
#marshallstjmaxx #guests getting #giveaways! #guesstheprice #game :)
it looks amazing.
Did you discover South Carolina this weekend? Tell us all about! What did you do in the Palmetto State?
well you know. you tell me ? ;D
you should sing a song with
Thank goodness for Jeff though
I think I'm blathering every bit as frequently-perhaps your taste has just improved <g>. To be fair, had a lull during much travel
Found via Public Documents Masterfile: Afghanistan's narco war: breaking the link between drug traffickers and insurgents, 2009
I heard that!
Thanks for the mention
more than welcome, Dell always has something interesting happening around the globe.
That was a *very* bad baseball game.
I will always be here for you. No matter what.
Am chillin relaxing halla at me thanks
My dad has been obsessed with What Makes You Beautiful by One Direction for that last 2 weeks or so.
You just gotta be inspiring. People love inspiring.
RT : A1: Understanding that ANYTHING you do is customer service. it will get you far in preservation and beyond
and now we wait for Apple's approval....
can I have parts like 1-5.
o yes I do <3 I am soo happy for you
“: Being photogenic > Being me”
I have a bruise on my leg and its purple and it hurts
HAPPY BDAY TO ME "IM 21 NOW" LET LEGAL DRINKIN BEGIN LOL
Only 596 days to go!
Boo! But then again, if you are moving, it's not your tree anymore, so you "shouldn't" care. :o)
I will miss so much! You guys have changed me and helped me in so many way! I love you guys so much
where's my award dude?
Not looking forward to fall or winter weather around here..blahh
She's doing new media for a mgmt co!
On my way to Baltimore for some singing :)
I follow maria. maria follows me. liam follows maria. liam sees marias tweets. maria RTs me. Liam sees my tweets.
If anyone wants to try out wikis from #cmtraining, here at we offer free wiki hosting & support. Contact me if you have questions.
Please arrive on time, tonight's "In The Mix" event feat. will start promply at 6 P.M. COME EARLY, VENUE WILL FILL UP QUICKLY!
i dont get it...whats up with the wierdest fuckin people in front of circle k lately?? =P ->KimBeezy<-
<3 i look like sex xo
I made it one more year without becoming a mother, good job to myself
it's a PC and i'm just using the one that came with it lol
follow back please:)
yes I hate meetings!
I did pretty good but 1 tables check was 103 and they completely stiffed me! I was so fucking pissed!
$SNPK breaking out...
You're The Reason I Smile, Laugh, And Love Life. But You Are Also The Reason Why I Am Scared...To Truly Tell You How I Feel.
What r u talking about , ? <U+E40D><U+E402>
The 4th ends with Rain.
I recorded it
To succeed jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. Benjamin Franklin
...to innovation. All critical for those struggling to gain a foothold in SD economy.
no i haven't
Both my grandfathers were soldiers (Army and Marines) and I think of and are amazed at their contributions regularly. Happy Veterans Day
I will never forget the day you looked me in the eyes as I walked up to you& smiled really big and said "Heyy" I was amazing<3
What is the dinner party exactly? :)
You know it....
Nothing wrong with loving vinyl.
Just discovered I'm drinking Gilberts vodka. So that amazing.
Sry I can't help you--- I'm beginning to hate Google myself.
Gorillaz concert on this Palladia channel (post-MTV music television). Gorillaz contains more stage band members than Broken Social Scene.
S/O showin love at Rush Street with my amazing manager
I could use a BIG FAT PILL right about now! Ha ha!
Thanks for the link. "Church of Higher Efficiency": see footnote. It's 's n+7 treatment of CHE.
WHAT...WHERE?
Your The Best Husband Ever
#ff to every single person involved with #uwsocial and #smbmad! (It's like an Oscar speech ... you know who you are)
i found the shirt dress!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> lol
hey what was with the whole burning of band merch?
Those are some pretty lucky dogs!
Is it too late or too soon to make a hologram/Dick Clark joke?
Intersting discussion over collaborative databases and what is a historical publication in visualizing data.
u will be severely missed!!:(
My Next Long Term Relationship Will Be A Book I Write For Both of Us too Look Back on An Say we Set a Damn Good Example <3
you oughta be ashamed of yourself... what would say?
thoughts on Peyton coming back to TN? or better for him to go to Denver? You are probably the only one that knows the TN love.
hey hey getting ready for sunday school! and GOSH I AM SO HUNGRY I MAY THROW -UP !!!!!!1 WATCH OUT
can you make it any more complicated to buy a single ticket to a punk show? Felt like I was taking an exam or something.
Don't set out to be different, set out to be yourself.
Does anyone have the new iPad 3, I have the iPad 2. I'm wondering if I should upgrade it or just hold on to the one I have?
for laughs, try to imagine Romney chomping a cigar in the Colonel role. LOL
. As they say in Costa Rica, "it's better to be alone than in bad company."
Today The DePaulia will be live tweeting from Seminar on upcoming NATO summit. Check in for updates.
I wore crocs into the Apple store tonight to have them fix my 7 yr old iMac. The brand has never been less hip.
Omg ! I feel like 2 fuck six women at the same time.
Watching John Q in class, this movie so sad but good.
just about to get off then im going to get a hair cut
THATCamp LAC draws to a close. What a rockin' experience. Enjoyed meeting so many awesome people!!
Brazil congress set to vote on divisive forest law
thank you! :D
I love that you do that.
lunch w/ a client, mani/pedi.... Other then that I'm super free!! What are we gonna do?
Listening to a little DWTWN, check them out if you haven't already.
dignified black shows are unsuccessful but racist black shows are what the network wants.
that's cool, good luck!
Have faith in humanity? Try reading the comments section of any news website and we'll soon fix that!
Lets hear it folks, give me your Best Dirty Joke for #dirtyjokethursday [So we can all be laughing and happy cum Friday]
writing a chorus is so easy but its just what picture will it paint in the eyes of fans
Flavor of the week Mango Vanilla. Just in time for summer! yum, refreshing!
#ItsCrazyHow everything you can do I can do better lol
Ohmygaaaaaaaaaaaad I can't believe you just quoted that! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> this can't be life
remember when silly bands were cool?
What did the pig call a manuscript? A shoat story.
Bout to start driving
It's a crime to be outside today!
ya he was and it is so cool that u are from Europe I want to go on vacation there so bad it looks so pretty
Right now, I would really like to know the internal parts of a gas meter.
Big week of preparations at the PRC. New England Portfolio Reviews, PRC in NYC, and so much more!
Hi twitter!! Watching the rain
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them. - Henry Davi
RT Every time Hollywood releases film based on a board game, I will release a dangerous pedophile from prison
RT : Had a great 2hr long ass convo with my broski last night lol - n did hav a great convo. We need 2 talk more
What a great day. 2 of us, 300 signatures in 5 hours in Stoughton today.
She's so eloquent!
I want to but no one will go
what's that saying?, what's the Caesar's is the Ceasar's , nobody can't take it away , congratulations Adele...
#idol - Joshua's second song was much better, a bit over the top in on place but very good overall.
Adele's 21 is amazing but Its also so damn depressing.
and I talk about this a good deal. Would be awesome to have a DI style STEAM comp for HSers
Lamont Is Getting Punched Dead In His Balls. -_-
i have two. My good one is Stars <-Kelsey xoxo>
do u have tips, lessons, best practices that u could share w/clients and prospects? let me show you how you can leverage them for more biz!
Nothing like the feeling upon embarking on a road trip. Have fun!
#idol - Colton shouldn't be in the bottom three but it was a better call that either Phillip or Jessica
Breakfast in bed is always bomb :)
I must be getting old. Still tired from Saturday. I spent almost 10 hours at the track then hit up 3 Galas.
i really wish i wasn't surrounded by such close minded people
I hate doing simnacher's work t-_-t
please make a cheap bastard weather translator
Oh Monday!! You with your sleepy mornings and beautiful weather make me want to be outside ALL day long!!!
Another day..another struggle:-)
LMAO, me gusta. U remember trying to speak spanish last night? RT: : Breakfast of champions-- pizza and plan b
Frmr Brown Co. Exec Nancy Nusbaum will face GOP Sen. Rob Cowles in August 9th recall election after winning primary v. placeholder candidate
I'd love to see evidence that he's sunk $93 million into it. On what?!
Thx. NOM-such liars! “: LOL last was last month and the investor who spoke were from #NOM”
A 100 mother fuckers can't tell me nothing
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I'm @ my lil boy trck meet at Desoto High
Hello everyone ;-)
Bulaga moved before the snap on the neutral zine infraction penalty.
"We all need some form of deeply rooted, powerful motivation - it empowers us to overcome obstacles so we can live our dreams"
Our thoughts become our words, our words become our actions, our actions become our character, our character becomes our destiny.”--Gandhi
Florida, you were fun. time to get back home. milwaukee bound
I need a massage I need a volunteer to put your hands on me
I have full faith Maggie is up to the challenge.
Let's go
Why is everyone saying Adam Sandler died?
Looking to add some more business people on Long Island to www.LongIslandConnection.org We can use a web designer on LI to join us.
The art director meeting was a success!
DEAD. Tenacious D is so foolish with these lyrics.
if it means a lot to you..
Great answer! Will you be at #NMDD next Saturday?
hello love!!!
oh great, timeline for GARRETT!!
when was the last time u ate at mcdonald's? :)
The notes don't reside on your computer. So if you are using FireFox with the add on too, we can see each other's notes!
A man's work, is never done.
Check this out: we can just use photoshop if we want to see Peyton in a broncos jersey. - everyone
My Uncle is here from Wisconsin. Time to kick this Vegas Nascar weekend in gear. Woot woot!!!
Thanks for the mention!
If you live in Nashville we'd love to have you stop in and see us so we can help you make that decision :)
“: Sleep tight tonight Brew Nation, one of the Best days is tomorrow!!!” yes sir yes sir yes sir
Its summer time, she's still got class.
o! Paper! Now I have something to look forward to! Does that 3 years include your "internship"?
when has he been anything but a guy with huge upside? Constant disappointment and has NEVER consistently produced competitively
oh hey.
not muchh. you?
omg justin tweeted u....lucky!!!
Hell is the suffering of being unable to love -J.D. Salinger
Pregnant women making bets with eachother wagering having to name they kids Zebulon an all types of wierd shit >
It never fails. Whenever I dress spiffy for client meetings I spill coffee on myself. At least I'm consistent.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.—Bertrand Russell
You still have a few more years to stock up on guns before she turns 16.
Rapha is too posh for the Carrefour de l'arbre IMO
y'all some punks for that! Lol. I was gon get the scoop anyway!
If I tell you sweet William, what do I get out of it?
Damn addiction. Silenced another beautiful voice. #Whitney Houston
LOL good job! Not only can they wear it again, but if pockets are that popular, they will definitely want to as well! :)
Teach parents about early learning. Our classes for parents provide targets, trainings, and tools to use at home with kids birth to 5.
Over 2 dozen arrests @ 'Occupy Pearl' prompts PDX Mayor to hold overnight press conference. The latest this morning on
we will always support u no matter what even if u weren't famous we support u for who u are and I think your very inspiring :D
#nw indiana jones and the temple of doom
Some people don't see a good thing til it's gone
Alright #NBA fans, who are you taking in the 3 PT Shootout?
i want one!
a good program - depends though - maybe look at decent movie editing or does it have to be website
Thank you! Loved the post.
I watched it, and now I can't unwatch it. I still believe bad music videos are awesome in a clown car wreck sort of way.
Dude thought it was sweet in mcdonalds. Yeah ight bitch.
no one else gets the same love from me to you, every one has different levels and urs is high<U+2665> love you forever peypey<U+2665>
Teamwork makes dreams work. 3 to be.
and he's from Wisconsin.
How has using web based apps lowered or increased the overhead costs in your business?
great time last night
When can we expect to see data on awarded city contracts???
Can I get anymore confused than I already am?
after lunch? or now? i have to go.
IM WIDE UP DIS MORNING AFTER A LOONG DAY OF WORKIN & GRINDIN @ HOME YESTERDAY! LOL SMH GOOD MORNING!
RT : Only MDs should call themselves "Dr." Anyone with an Ed.D. or Ph.D. should not. Pretentious. A sign of insecurity.
Hey En-Crowders! Don't forget to join us tonight for Zumba with Torch Fitness @ 8:00 p.m. in the Enso Fit. See you there! :)
The fact that it takes 45 mins to get from #soma to #TheMarina is just ridiculous. Another reason I hate riding in #sf!
! That's my pt. burn out ! @ survivorcasting
You have to expand your horizons Ben, do your research on soccer. It's getting bigger... Don't be a hater ;)
#ELLCHAT Did you know that Smart Pens can be programmed to do whatever you want them to do, including speaking other languages?
#icantdateagirl because I am married
Some call him Dean Leady. Others call him the Dean of Students, Dude of Studes, or just "Cool Guy." All are #obviously sufficient.
A not-so-wild idea: grocery stores should allow their patrons (easy) online access to records of their purchasing behavior
Metta World Peace? That's funny!
Yay! We are excited too!! Welcome aboard.
lol I kno how you feel
back to working out again .. been so busy and am getting too skinny.. need some muscle!.. grrrrr
" Like " Passion Parties by Teco on Face Book! for updates, great deals, and info.
indeed. dog graduation matters.
we will do this again.. soooonn:)) can't wait to hear when you all start reading:))
Watching College World Series...Man I love this game!
Movie idea: remake 'Trading Places' with playing the Dan Akroyd character.
When your just get a tattoo && the spot you got it starts to itch ..
All the goodwill Zito had built up in Colorado was just taken away in one inning at AT&T.
Rangers Yu Dog deep fried wonton wrapped hot dog w teriyaki beef, seaweed salad. Fries oil w sesame seeds holy shit lets go there.
Ignorance, especially when you can do something about it.
congrats!! Keep it up!
While Jason's at a doctor's appointment, I'm stuck in the office. Why oh WHY can't I be relaxing outside with a drink right now?
Who's taking their #MINI out to bring in the #NewYear tomorrow?
: looks like she did, btw--
who do you think will win the PAC 12?
Woohoo! Not that CT is all the close but maybe there's somewhere in the middle... ;)
Ha! Yeah.
Interview at 4:30 hope I get it I need a job lol
3 stars? Right on! Wait, that's not out of 10, is it?
Don't feel bad pacers fans, Knicks didn't get those calls either
I was hoping this Twilight madness would die down after Breaking Dawn was release. But no...they're breaking it up into 2 films.
There probably will be a Star Trek Scottie app to beam him up by that time.;-)
In some ways I gots no balls.
Sunny and hot on the island
yeah just water for me!
iTunes, why must you take forever to download!?
for today brah!!
Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow itto affect your life
Probably not a good sign that my mom says being a mother is "like being trapped in an Alfred Hitchcock movie."
Thanks! We crave it all the time :) RT : The breakfast at Taylor Gourmet is so good!
Lamar Odom just doesn't look right in a Mavs uniform...he body language is terrible and he clearly doesn't want to be there. Bring em back h
Good Morrow Lady Steph.. Enjoy This Glorious Day.. You Are More Than Welcome .. I Bid you Ado Mee Lady
As I ride through the outskirts of queens to JFK,im reminded of the saddest of recent stories-the sale and destruction of my families house.
Now, I've truly seen it all :-) An elephant plays a harmonica and that's why the Smithsonian rocks! ly/IlQuMn
• His distress in the dugout is heartbreaking.
I love it.
Listening to Phil Selway's album. Thought it was really eerie and etherial. Then I discovered my headphones were only half plugged in.
gorgeous! Did you move over to WP?
#FF we are now following because sometimes, its a jungle out there :-)
Excited for the office #Superbowl food party at work tomorrow. Hoping to pick up some good recipes!
Great training today - thanks to our panel, great insights!
80 /20 rule for twitter posts
Just took a quick sample of #vegan people I know... They are kind of #crazy and drink like fishes
When people find I play the piano, they ask me if I can play ____. Requests are always something I dislike; requesters are always male.
We live in a time period of smart phones and stupid people.
I dont like being disrespected
why so late tonight?
HealthyDeals brings to you ProWhite at Home teeth whitening kit for $35 at a 74% discount. Get another $5 off when you register
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy. People who know me think, "OMG. She’s thinking! Everybody run! lol
you are welcome...now make some cupcakes :-P
I been had that. but u ain't got back to me on my album!
The joint won't let me are u following back
going to be up in mn the coming weekend. Interested in a coffee and converse about the universe. :)
Looks like there is a custom pro guitar upgrade for "Killing in the Name". It's for the GH2RB project so it probably won't match with HMX's.
First snow of the year in Flagstaff..and the clouds look apocalyptic.
It's too early in the day to be killing princes.
It's pretty much Dropbox from Google with cheaper storage upgrades, and Google docs sharing tie-in
it was on the table and I saw the picture of you and some dude.. So now you know what you need to do to get it back!
Netflix and exam reviews, life of a college student
should have done that last tweet from here and not the parenting blog! Ah well, it's the truth! Also: heels off in the club? Gtfo!
damn dude got a indoor game at same time. Good thing we have all their release beers at the Saucer.
Here the #ipsummit411 in Miami - Excited for the next couple of days with our awesome clients and iProspectors!
You can’t change something unless you know it exists.
Now that's a kick-ass idea. Make it happen. Let us help.
I'm a #lrnrebels too! Status quo is not in my vocabulary.
haha ok! give it to me friday
This is going to be the worst spring break.
Sue!!!! :) It's practically 1/2 off a Kindle download. :)
Lmfao tell me about it! But negative, ill pass!: ewwww he deserves a slap slap lol Put his ass up on game bee !"
- Aww, thanks for the kind words. Best to you on this beautiful Friday! Have a great weekend!
The aging of Seann William Scott: not bad. #Goon is incredible.
I'm in need of some serious inspiration. Please and thank you.
Amazing stories/coverage of Steve Jobs in Time mag. Also on cover of People for shortened version of great genius.
Im confused, first our saferide driver won't bring us to taco bell, but she's not a fan of gangsta rap either
God..it MUST be a prophecy then..WOOOOAH Can't wait to fufill it, phaha.
I agree. That Roshon was good! So was !
Getting ready to go see THE AVENGERS!
Its been an amazing Christmas vacation in Colorado, but back to Texas tmrrw morning...
My legs are very sore.
i love the feeling when you get outta the shower! :)
JWP rehearsal canceled tonight...more snow. That'll help keep us in tune! Still on for M&S Grill in Reston, VA - Friday, Feb 19th!
what it say
This new stationary I got has a kind of depressing fogscape on it.
thanks fa being my rock and number one supporter babe!
I hope this starts a productive Twitter debate RT : The phrase "creative coding" and its variants are misleading and distracting.
The Miller's Tale is now up on the CB Tweets list!
Gas tank topping off hysteria hitting the berkshires! All the fleeing new Yorkers are panicked they won't have enough gas to get back!
Cali Burrito with chicken
you say "handle"! You must be from the BBS days.
a tip of the hat to u
May the 4th Be With You!
Please welcome MediaBJ to the Max life
the hearts too Nicole ... #STOP does this looks okay ;) <3 :* xoxo goodnight ;) ! .... Lmfao
Jodi please reach out to Stuart about a potential "gulf coast" project
Talk is cheap, but actions are priceless.
how does dealing for a casino give you the experience to work for an insurance company?
Thank you for reading and sharing! Following you now!
Peace! U R one of my favorites ..'morning' to U too
if i was local, i'd be all over it - as a happily married wingwoman of course!
Pretty sure I don't like Chef Nookie.
I know!! :( miss you too, we need to get together outside of vs.
Bragging about yourself is like giving yourself a high five
get excited for our guest blogger: Jirwin blogging about waiting for Harry Potter 7 premier for 7 hours! www.inlinewaiting.com
is releasing new tracks today.
You know you're fat when your own mother calls you "buldging" when you try on your formal dress./:
RT : Any available free agents you think the #Chargers should go after?
I have 104 followers and hardly any of you talk to me. I'm not that bad..
Weird facts about Jacob: I like wearing suits. You probably wouldn't have guessed that about me. Actually ya you probably would...
on my way back to PDX this morning ::yawn::
Nothin more nothin less RT : An apology has 3 parts: im sorry, it was my fault, how do i make it right?
My mentor made it look so simple; does what she loves & raises her kids. Didn't try to find a uni job. Just loves to teach.
I hate my laptop!!! That is all....
“: I don't see how I would ever use this emoji <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E> ever in a concersation?” saying you're eating dinner in Japan?
A new study has found significant rates of CTE among AD inpatients.
Pick me up...Thanks ; )
I thought I remembered a positive take, wasn't sure.
I was trying to be funnyy
Well even if we do inadvertently Kill the CumberCutie, a good time will be had by all! XD
Linkin Park is all time fav. Will be my 6th LP show. Also love Incubus & Mute Math - 2nd show for both. Whole lineup is killer
There is no other! LOL
Just completed an 8 mile bike ride to beautiful Dunedin beach.
Did anyone else watch last night's gray's anatomy? Ho.ly.crap.
please leave site feedback/suggestions in the contact box!
your cat is freakin huge! :o
Statistics like these are fascinating... Could you please cite them? I like reading (and following) source material.
no problem hun. <U+2665>
What does that mean?
Can't wait for this!
is it tossed? LOLOL
Im s daughter she reccomended u ;) watching the bachelorette with her
both dates on calendar...have a bull&oyster roast that night as well, but will make it work!
I think I just solved all my text messaging problems!!
Hello insomnia. You suck.
I wish more people cared and would adopt a dog or cat.So many are homeless & just end up dead. It's disgusting
Moving to different offices is a pain. Can't wait to go back to the dental office in Tempe.
Finna watch#TheClientList, catching up on tha last episode.
#OffLine. Goodnight and sweet dreams for everyone :) x
Be out grindin or get grinded out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No Time Out's in this Grind House, Booin' these lames like Amy Winehouse
I skipped as much school as possible and my Lit teacher, signed my senior annual, "sorry I couldn't get through to you."
Fasho are we going ride to the Bar ?
Just Got My Instagram (: Follow #SWAG¡
#sschat, Ethical pr, we had trouble betw kids @ first, they where trying to out do each other, hard to keep them on subject
Thanks will do.
Love that!
Barbie got a tattoo. What next? I suppose Ken will get a PA.
Bye bye Blue Devils!!!
LOL DEAD. I'll do it in the bathroom then xD
#MahoneOnB96 I THINK AUSTIN SHOULD HAVE AN INTERVIEW ON B96 RADIO! <3
"I have a dick on my face don't I."
just slept for about 12 hours, feeling so much better
Congrats--->RT : I hot the gig with monster energy drink!!!!!
#RVA snow! CCWA offices will be closed tomorrow.
Good lord did you really just recommend us to ? Blushing, wiping the cheetos off our jeans. Well, h'lo.
bartender eating behind the bar, licked her fingers, then served our beers w/o washing hands. DISGUSTING in the Garage
Special shoutouts to all the overseas customers!
u just met the person she wants to be
So aggravating
Updates coming soon on the Meetup website, Facebook page, and here.....
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn hesitating before saying your name
Brunch at was damn good. I'll be back as soon as I can for sure.
Amazing how an impending gig as an over-aged swimsuit model will change your relationship to donuts.
Want your news release to be taken seriously by journos? Step One: Lose the exclamation points. Nothing screams marketing fluff like "!"
I'm wondering if there any good places to eat in Columbus, that I haven't eaten at yet?
Movies in #CLE this weekend: Superthief, Undefeated, Ballad of Genesis and Lady Jaye, American Reunion, and, of course, Titanic 3-D
This wednesday 10pm and more #DotComedy!
Going to a cookie swap this year, but not much of a baker?!? Let do the work & you can take all the credit!! 312-545-0951
"Don't get cooked in the squat!" Great line from Zig Zigler
NOTICE MEE AND SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 ghdf
#YouLookRealStupid when you look like me.
Every time I see a chick w/a yoga mat I go "How was yoga?!" One day I'll get lucky.
Just bought my wired magazine to read on the plane. Excited!
thank you for the lovely compliment today
I am skinny dipping in the fountain of youth!
I Know It's a Little late but, Louis at The KCA's <3<3<3
yup! she is super sweet to.. so i dont know why people need to give her hate, like seriously! its hurting dylan too.!
yeah, hoping for another good game!
boy says they love you it doesn't mean anything because he has probably said it one million other times. But when a girls does She means it.
God morning!
be careful out there and have fun!
I am attempting to do what no other has done (although I've come close) and no one else could do.
Chris Matthews, Ratigan, Sharpton, O'Donnell are wishing that they had as much influence as Rush Limbaugh & Michael Savage. Just dumb tools.
We got a C- on our scene that was 400 points. Wtf!!!!!!!!! Wow. Not happy with that.
Please tell me someone has already pointed out the typo! "Most events will include ON of the following: a live interview..."
if you ever have any jumps that you think head to Colorado give me a call
Congrats to the Big 10 A's on capturing their first Bay League championship w/ 6-5 comeback win vs Mr Roberts. Big 10 score 3 in bottom 7th!
don't you have a banana on your lawn to find
My uncle lance just have me 300...too excited!
were about to go over the bridge lol
cool :) Im from America!
How do you get over a loved one? Its hard to say the words " move on "
You should check out 's turbans. They're pretty amazing.
Okay, I don't think I can pick just one. I love Dylan, MJ, Madonna, BeeGees, The Decemberists, The Shins, CCR, The Clash...
is gonna owe me $5.00 tomorrow!! :)
I MISS YOU HASSELBECK! Sorry about all those bad names I called you when you were here.
Can't blame a guy for wanting a seat on long subway ride but what about an accurate body type assessment and ability to fit into said seat?
Operation TBI Freedom has many veterans running to help other vets.
hahahaha sat in CPR class with coach you would've been in good hands
that's incredible! Your voice is amazing btw :)
Thanks Dave!!!
Richard J. A. Talbert F'00 delivers public lecture tonight on Peutinger map of Roman roads & influence on cartography
Thanks for hanging out with us! RT : finally! I am excited about the live music and the crepes!
Gotta love summer days and a afternoon drink. Enjoy ur work today people~>
follow back fam
Brothers to the end is so good!
I'm doing the 1/2! YES! I'll have my phone on me!! I'll make a point to tweet a picture of what I'm wearing that morning too
Peter and the Teen Wolf
thank you! Have a great Friday!
they fit the plug that i plugged into them...but now the radio has no way of selecting diff outputs
i swear that same thing happened to us!
This I conceive to be the chemical function of humor: to change the character of our thought
chapter 6 is coming :)
Girl you talk to much, shut up.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!! Blessings!!!
ha so you going to warped tour this year?
if you have a problem with my tweets then why do you follow me Zach
Biggest Hoax since Big Foot
Bring it! " less than a month til myself & & hit up Clearwater Beach! Comin' ur way !"
Kitty Groovenstein, can you come to Chicago this summer?
#BitchPlease I already ate all of the popcorn so get your ass in the kitchen like a women an make me some dinner.
Watching John Fugelsang on the Ed Show.
- Looks refreshing!
it's 2012, no need to learn C++
Agreed. We're no fun these days.
RT : Try to do the majority of customer service offline says
So I'm going to go home and be like daddy.....fuck school
I bet Mario Gutierrez...jockey of the horse that won #kentuckyderby will be mowing grass again in the morning
We're excited for you! When is your birthday?
I just want something REAL .
I feel the same way about bobby pins
and this is why I think everyone should follow u! #awesome if u r a biz in #pdx - get your "cake"
Wade is always so salty!
#KnowledgeOverSwag: New design coming! I'll keep you posted people!
True love doenst come from looks, but whats on the inside in his heart<3
if I don't select an auto correct twice in a row can you not ask again? Hard to hit that tiny little x...
Caroline and I had a blast hanging with , Arthur and Genevieve today! Thanks KHD for inviting us.
I've never cried as much as this.
Ah i have a Headache!!>.<
I hope Romney picks Dr. Pepper as his VP. Why? Because I made a blood pact with Dr. Pepper after he saved my life and i owe him one.
i found, there is one bad advantage to follow +150 people, every 2 seconds there is 20 more tweets... my computer has froze-- twice!
Can't wait to see live tonight at DAR Constitution Hall! I WILL cry. Guaranteed.
“: Boston for the Day :D #MuseumOfScience” aww have fun mami
My knee is killing me, not liking this feeling
I can cat daddy better than all of you!!!
new things in store for starting with a new part owner. everyone welcome to the company!
i guess we'll find out.
LOL. Well you girls have my love & support! Just don't try and get me to join you haha! xD
Hi Megan! Did you get our email about our new free Chicago-based app ? We wanted to make sure you received the info!
Just sanded down my outdoor patio furniture & put on the first coat of Rust-Oleum. Living Glamorously today ;)
Getting excited about the early St. Patty's Day party at #Mullen! Woot!
That means sophisticated, right?“: .
In Music Meeting- Black Rebel Motorcycle Club “Beat The Devils Tattoo” This is so good
i totally will thank you ill do it later today!
Wish we had known we didn't have a first period today...
Thanks so much Hilary! You enjoy Mother's Day as well! :-)
I thought you said you was gonna stop reading in to things?!
I have never been to Bill's Gay Nineties but I think I better before it closes. Sad to lose old bars
Ight I guess Its Time To Start Goin In On This Twitter Thing.... So Her We Go!! My Life.
my bracket shit the bed
sad indeed...
I don't get it, granted I'm sleepy.
I want u to be happy my love, u're such a special girl don't let it ruin your day :)
Still, there's no way your record ever surpasses 's double-platinum selling "Shaq Diesel." #TheRealDoubleThreat?
and now I'm wide awake.
Oh my Chicago weather! Woo!
haha i know! that would bw TERRIBLE!
Which region has the best talent?
I'm slightly irritated
Stellar first day Shop local. Get rewards. Rinse + repeat.
Dream jobs are rarely dreams but more often jobs.
adorable picture! took a break from twitter for a while come back to c all this hate! It's crazy don't listen!
and ppl go for it despite the limitations. but i guess when you get a crowd of ux folks, the cludge factor overshadows the rest.
And yes, in spite of everything, we still have people earnestly arguing that the "police are the 99%" in
How you sell dope an CANT COUNT
go Lisa!!!
awesome way to cool off = #splashmob on 6th st. hundreds of people with water guns and balloons, waging water war. so much fun.
Advance Cardiovascular Life Support... Its an all day thing
We got on the wrong metro '.'
Look eye. Always look eye.
duh babe, it's us and Zayn. Zayn is perf in every way and we're just freaking amazing.
Which ones?
“: I love not being afraid when goes for the high notes - they sound so easy for him!”
. you high roller you.
'..Africa is at last getting a taste of peace and decent government' via The Economist
I know
Finally, ALL Americans can be married to their jobs. Corporations are people. Thanks Mitt!!
Lol . You still remember that?
Heading to #JAM2011 from Indiana woo hoo
Have a friend who is in a mtg til 9. Wants me to text him w/ info on draft happenings. Wrong to write false texts that freak him out?
is at Angels Gate Cultural Center
Everyone please pray she knows her name and it knocked all her teeth out and she is in the 4 grade please pray
We will be tweeting about #SCCMayor Forum from Please join us.
chick fight!
No, going to try again tomorrow morning.
Team USA Prospect Classic on MLB Network was great CNT vs 18U team..good TV!
Tip #88: Do you have at least 1 FUN DAY per week where you laugh and enjoy yourself? If you do, your win rate will explode.
One of these days real soon we're hoping you'll start using first person singular pronouns in your affirming declarative sentences
Short relationships are stupid -.-
...Neither have stripes on them. One has a pink bow, and one has gold buttons. I fucked up and wore my striped dress today.
[Chase gets poetic here...] F--- that, I'm going to Macdonalds, I'm going to get one of those donut covered burgers.
but you did call me annoying!(x
I have to say I think it has great potential !
WTF is my cat doing??
oh u no wat skool she go to
you need the hat to be convincing :)
Yea I Know.
He is having a heck of a game on both sides of the chalk
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk where theyre comin frm or who they r.Can u possibly tell me
if I was him I would try to score points and get rebounds.
Wish they'd stop calling The Artist a silent film. Very much a sound film IMHO.
hm I can't seem to recreate this problem in firefox, safari, or chrome. They all load fine for me. Any other info?
The flavor of Choice Eating's Tex-Mex luncheon salad is so fresh you won't even miss the tortilla. Visit www.choiceeating,com.
History Happy Hours! Every month from now until 2014 we'll meet to hear a speaker talk about The War of 1812.
Ok, who made coffee?
This sunday has been the best sunday ever! Found my self a Church, and now me and are talking bout god. Best Conv!! Own ...
Is Facebook down? Are pigs flying?
Running out of tonight's supply of midnight oil so I guess I'll go to bed.
Spinning at the Setai Hotel this evening in South Beach...come by for a drink, should be a packed house!
be there after I get ready for the day!
free-range cloud storage
Can't sleep got too much on my mind. Kinda wish I had somebody to tlk to tho oh well
it was great I should have gotten the mango one.
not really haha
I Wish! Ive always wanted to Visit the Land Down Under! =)
What's everyone jammin?
WE CAN DO THIS!! #GetAustinTop10 COME ON! BUY 11:11 ON ITUNES RIGHT NOW! AND REQUEST IT TO YOUR RADIO STATIONS!!<333
"Locked SIM" alert from this morning, used all 3 tries to unlock it and get my iPhone's phone back. Fine now.
Great swim tonight. Now a little Friday fish fry with my dime piece, Jen!
really can't believe its Friday again already. Smh where is time going really?
So, today I missed you, yesterday I missed you, and chances are I am going to miss you again tomorrow.
getting that credit in order... one step at a time. (pats self on back) :-)
I am running low on followers, follow me plz and I will follow you back, promise
Keep #ows going and growing strong but plz be thoughtful and respectful of surrounding small businesses. PLZ RT
We are now on a winding dirt road in rural north Carolina for 's graduation party. Why do I hear banjo music in my head?
but what if someone takes it off of their door so we should put in on the door and also slip one under the door oh my god
Mt. Airy, you never disappoint us, thanks for last night! Be on the look out for our new full-length #TheDrive coming this Spring.
too cute...the store in cross county...is just the CUTEST store ever
We're honored to lead this epic food drive in Wisconsin. Milwaukee folks really know how to bring it!
monday..again :/
Lots of
Tomorrows Friday <3 ..
Egads! Work has been crazy for the past 2 months. I need to get back on track with my novel. Any suggestions for getting my groove back?
You can allow pain & being hurt to either make you bitter or motivate you to help others that are hurting. ~
. thanks for the mention and retweet!
I miss that guy. and Dude i'm still howling at the burkha swimwear....bwahahaha
Tho I have to say performances feel like modernity's only time to escape technology & just be. Cant 'it' wait?
“: lol the city's a mess when the polar bears hit town at the same time.” I'd like to see that & take pics
Goodness Gracious ! Bahja this , Bahja that ! That's ALL I see on my TL ! Please realize she doesnt care & you're just wasting your time .
The 2nd best gift on mother's day: when I wake the husband to ask for help and for once he didn't throw a temper tantrum...
If you ask me how I'm doing I would say I'm doing just fine. I would lie and say that you're not on my mind.
whr u moving to I bet it's far ass hell lol
Yea dude this is really good!!!
RT We want to be Staten Island's premiere Embroderer/Screener. Our cliental is a who's who of Staten Island
I sent an email but no response. Ha! See what I did there? Lol ( )
It's called "The Hunger Games"
I haven't even tried once... I feel like I should have but I just didn't have the energy for it!
Everytime i sneeze i feel like my nose hoop is gunna fly out-_-
or do what you love!
congrats! RT : Thank you, Chicago Reader! Paul McGee voted Best Mixologist, Best Cocktail List & Best Cocktail Book Club!
CD release concerts in Toronto w/Bernie Senensky & Ben Riley last nite & 2nite. Driving back home 2morrow. Other stuff includes working on..
Is ready to get this day over with.
Myopia or nearsightedness (the inability to see distant objects clearly) now affects more than 40% of the U.S. population. Happy Weekend!
I had them too. Shit didn't work. Im on my second bottle of Vicodin. I don't wanna get addicted.
Mysteries of NYC #2306: Who buys all those flowers at UWS and UES bodegas?
I would SO love to visit U! Get me a gig & I'm there. Miss Ya, Lil' sis...XONZ
Attn local businesses, bands: Our 100TH ISSUE comes out in 1 week. Special/collectors issue! Email to book ad space
So how long until Newsweek calls Obama the first woman president?
are you in route to the charm city?
The only thing that can save this day is a margarita.
Yes! And her cast iron stomach! ;-)
idk for sure but I know we'll be at high feat all day.
why these brits? They are awful!!! Why not a plus-size cycle instead???
I honestly just went to type happy mothers day and it all just kinda came out.
. founders & will be at tonight's #WineRiot. Stop by and say hi! cc:
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
I wonder whats its like to go on a real date...
No energy day this way !
It's addictive, that's why! MT What is this #pinterest thing and why am I seeing so many posts about it??
Half the people getting mentioned in the #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead have "YOLO" in their bio's.
YOLo EveryBody Live Your Lives!
re:lasttweet - always been skeptical of the notion that players should "not think". I wonder if you can't think "too much", just wrongly.
< I'm a big fan of this team here. whats happn ya'll,
Want to do us a giant favor?
Two things that need to come to Cali... and I miss them...
with your support, maybe we will be able to! Here's to
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes, everyone!
Never witnessed live fireworks.. #firsttime for everything :-) so excited!
RT : Don't Talk About It, Walk About It <<< or I'mma go to your house and make you shout about it!!!
After another 15 hour drive from Tucson today we finally made it back to Oakland. Time to sleep in our beds tonight. Thanks a million!
Blues have a great team but agreed on Elliot. Losing Halak against San Jose definitely hurt. Nowhere to turn now.
heart melt RT : The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother via
very down. We'll talk
Thanks for all those who are following us, it'll be sick if you told everyone about :)
All this Peyton Manning going to the Redskins talk is fun but I'm not holding my breath.
New venue. :) RT : Tonight in SA! at "PEPPËR SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE".
Will you be at #CES this year?
true story.
for halloween what would I need to be you in the ondeck circle
Spread the love. No matter what language.
thank you jayne! we are working on a return to Boston very soon... xoxo
Yeah, I don't wanna go to El Paso now kinda... full of sluts and I don't wanna start shit.
Relentless Filmworks LLC has formed a new web-series division! We love internet!
I should be filthy rich by now, I've won $1,000,000 several times for being the 500,000th viewer on various websites.
if I did that I wouldn't even be going...
Ask yourself "What do I deserve" Now get up get out and get it
...when you're staring at the computer, not sure what to do. You know you could be doing SOMETHING but just don't want to.
FOLLOW MEH, PLEASE
I need to mute all people with locked tweets..I be drove when I cant RT somethin
IM ON A EMOTIONAL ROLLERCOASTER.......
Im watching this chopped episode. This guy finished plating one dish he's going home Well thats what they want us to think.
Show time 1st round clash just start
Bryce Harpers throw tonight was his highlight but damn that's something to be incredibly proud of
Yeah, I watch the room(s).
Moveing on is not 'bout looking back. Its taking a glance at yesterday and seeing how much you've grown since then
Watchin #basketballwives & wishing would take my purse!!!!!!!
Whats good for the goose is good for the gander.
Its nice out, but watch your speed since cops are out! Esp on I-480!
Oh yeah Indiana is taking on the
for real right? Also, less characters than fiancé.
Lyceum students attend youth forum on travel
Bitch is a female dog and dogs Bark and bark grows on trees and trees live in nature and natures beautiful so thank you
The beat the in the #NHL playoffs last night. Round 2 for #Nashville coming tomorrow night. I love #hockey!!!
Didn't catch a #PDXPlan Fair? Take a survey & tell us what u think re: edu., jobs/eco. & healthy neigh'hds www.pdxplan.com
should've known when u said dressing
Glad to make u smile :)
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed
weird, right?
"Hey Huey... what are you doing Saturday afternoon?"
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
I'm not trending :/
Yep. But only if you're cool with how cool you aren't.
Does anyone believe a word Mitt Romney says?
I hate you. slash am jeal.. mail me a souvenir?
Guess what tonight is? DRIVERS ED.
oh I plan on it. Later tonight?
Sucking dick dont make you a slut or a whore js.If your pleasing your man thats all that matters.It only matters how many you do
yea they r with sum of da old cast plus killa cam said dat he want in too!
Mhm RT #Capricorn knows that book smarts will only take you so far.
Today was busy... just got back home from leaving around 1:30 pm. thinking of a new strategy to partner with new clients! Go Happy Friday!
Morning all, what a Wonderful Wednesday! We are looking for corporate support for our Jubilee Ball, contact us if you require info
Ok, I seriously need to get off Twitter and back to work #amwriting and
we do have volunteer opportunities available! I will DM you.
People that claimed they are stressed out over finals when they are in no advanced classes or activities
Thanks champion!
Hes Not Afraid Of Doin What He Never Did ; )
Good morning early call today with #yahooespanol #yahoo makeup is done :-) sofia vergara day time look
Joan Rivers makes me laugh so hard I could pee
I hope you have a safe flight tomorrow Jer! VERY excited to see you on Idol next week! You're amazing and I love ya tons! <3 <3
thanks! I just struggle with condensing the awesome ;) I think it's all interesting, and I know I need to narrow it down!
Remember the last underwear bomber,went off in his shorts prematurely,Been there,done that! G A// Talk about TMI!
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
is ridiculously hilarious. who knew a skeleton would be so funny.
News flash....carbs are not bad for you. When combined with a protein and a fat, they are exactly what the body needs to function properly!
IM EATING CHIKEN NUGETS ;D ANYWAYS , HEY :D
#Orioles game postponed tonight vs. #Rangers. Doubleheader tomorrow. Game 1 at 4p.
#NP - "Cartoons and Cereal"
What a Fun Week!! Texas Round-Up, Kristin Armstrong, Mother's Day and Teacher Appreciation specials!
News across Tx includes 14 Tx hospitals on TReuters Top 100 list. Those headlines and more health care news @ THA website...
On Casey.....Show Em whats up
So #impersonal and #fake. Not a fan either. Have a great day, Erica :)
Im willing
Duquette thinks it's a slider.
My deaf cat, who's been missing for 6 days, found in a tree ~45 ft up, animal rescue says it's too high for them, what should I do?
Anyone have any good dinner suggestions? My tiny lunch-at-my-desk-at-12 has my stomach growling loudly already!
CALL ME ASAP CHARLIE!
You can use selective Twitter status through FB or I think there are some others that do it automatically just search FB
no I'm busy all Saturday
LOL NOT YET CUZ I'M ON
I think there's a law that they have to use that "dude running from a biplane" scene at every #oscars ceremony.
Sometimes the real work happens over a pitcher of beer, after all the panels are over
cute together.. Iloveyou vice..
follow back tlew
date for next week? i gotta give you your books back!
Don't worry, I'm used to being let down. Not caring is a natural reflex.
Everything and everyone needs to slow down
Thanks SFA. Your staff is amazing. World class.
RT : One of the greatest gifts you can give your child is to listen, really listen.
LOL WHAT IS THIS LOLOLOL. I REALIZED IT WAS ME BY THE NECKLACE
Y'know, even if and LaneTea aren't making vids anymore, we're still MIGHT SEDDIE WARRIORS, amirite?
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Get tf off me!!
NYer on Times sq evolution: "conservation theory of seediness...Whack a mole, and you may find, across town, the mole whacking itself."
I am ready for this planning process for the east side of McIntire park to be complete. Please send me your thoughts on golf at the park
Bob Gibson over Nolan Ryan?
I'm mad how all da celebrities can go To Australia to perform ,but when it comes down to da USA only half of Them can show up to a concert.
I would drink to that
i feel so sick. oh joy.
If you can't beat 'em, make 'em join you.
Woof woof!! What section r u? We need to connect one of these games!!
you may also be interested in the 4pm "myth busting" session on how libs use data to challenge assumptions.
After working on something for a while, I start to think it's great or it's garbage. You be the judge.
Jonathan Vilma: surprised that this upcoming year instead of trying to handicap others, will try to drop his own handicap on the golf course
I got the text loud and clear... good work !
Another day, another shoot. Hello CAAM coolest creations contest! The area's cutest inventors in Cincinnati
More controversy with red light cameras, another tropical storm is brewing in the Atlantic,and a tomato-throwing fight you can't miss - !
So which #Sabres are playing or sitting up in the press box for the last time at F'N Center? I say Roy, Hecht, Leopold, Boyes
you guys ball for me too, pour me something
u change it
Chicken Enchiladas for din din :p
T-Swizzle doin work on that banjo.
oh wow. thanks for the head's up!!
But they don't do it like youu
It's hot outside!
ill do an update on the contest later and tweet it to you but im pretty sure youre in 12th
Susie is a Flip Flop Bitch
Have you had a chance to check out our #SB ? It's the same coffee we just charge your more
RT : Sorcery last night with Maiya Sykes Dave Wood
Chillen , Watchin tv . Waiting for my bby too follow me back :)
Portal 2 made me lose sleep. Couldn't stop till I beat it. Deserves its GOTY nomination
I love my new nails!! :D
quite sure the pix with Ian will catch your parents attention.
Dear I love seeing those juicy girls backing you up. Except that NEITHER OF THEM ARE ME!
Bout to get dressed and head out <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+270C>
Even if I were rounding, this student is not close enough to the cut-off!
It's Feb23..sitting on my deck drinking wine. 76 degrees! This is sick!
We are having a HUGE Whiskey tasting with about 100 whiskeys. Hopefully that'll be enough.
So lazy today .. can't learn 4 friday's exam -.- > will be the hardest thing ever!
that was my conclusion as well.
I will have her email you. Thanks!
Wow I am so sleepy...my grandbaby was up from 5 a.m. to 6:30 a.m. this morning.
This RT : There is waaayy too many singing shows...
I've got my sushi, I've got my Pink pants on, and nobody to bother me. Perfection.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." -- Carl Jung
Happy birthday Tyson! I hope you have an awesome one! Love ya! <U+2665> Mal
Get rid of Lou, Meeks and Hawes. Keep and give 30+ minutes no matter what to Iggy, Turner and Jrue
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life
I am in deep trouble monday........pam im comming for u!!!!
Hi It was great meeting you as well! I hope to see you at future events.
haha yes i know :D they are such funny, and nice guys :))
yeah, the one you always touch his xD
gotta get use to dat!
Passed our health inspection. It won't be long now, Baltimore!
Dance! How I love you so much! Only 5 more years and this girl will be apart if the #Broncos Organization!
Don't forget were playing our first show in months at soma on October 22nd. That's 2 weeks from now, tickets are only 8 bucks. Chyeeeah
haha....i guess
Eric Church just hasn't been the same since he didn't make the first cut of Menudo auditions last summer.
I WON THE LOTTERY LAST NIGHT... MY SOME OF MY NUMBER MATCHED... AND I GOT A SHOOT WITH INDUSTRY IMAGES OMG
me, my mom, and my grandma all did that to a wedding once.
lol hes a youtube rapper(: his twitter name is go check him out hehe
Matt Holliday bomb and the Cards lead 4-3.
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
I cant wait cause after horse back riding im going to come to the signing today<3 love ya bella <3
Hey everyone! Help us out and hit share on our fb page to help us get more likes and spread our name :) love you all!!!
Yes yes, VERY inspiring. x)
LOL! That's it. Robots are going to take over the world in a really fucked up way.
Don't know what I did to earn a love like this, but baby I must be doing something right.
your oral safety is important to me.
just ordered some snow boots and an ugly puffy coat. bring it,
A little bird just whispered a melody...it goes well...just need some help with a few words, my dear.
Sorry for your loss.
im so stupid for what i did
Responded to FIRE @ 2341 Boynton Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11223 and helped 6 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Everyday my goal is to Grow as a person... In all aspects, being open minded is the key to GROWTH
Aye! Them cookies was good af!! Haha but youu still ain't gave him no bath yet.. Btw he gettin WAY bigger nd he will BITE!!!
Happy birthday to one of the coolest guys to run into
Does anybody know Madelyn Pulver Jennings? Seems like an amazing woman!
Been sad most of the day. MCA dying. McG leaving Financial woes. Break-up. But, Salvation Army band just cheered me up
very very tired, and cold. You? (:
hmm well we dont have any videos to download but there are some live performances on youtube!
Wait a second. Lectureship week is NEXT week...isn't it? (I am so...fried.)
" I WOULD MISS THAT
and total domination on cranium tonight!
it's sad..
bad news from Ukraine 2day: the "Anti-propaganda" draft law 8711 (think Russia) was supported by the Rada Committee on "Freedom of speech."
Done with AP Gov test. Get to go home now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
lol that's cool
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Stocks up big this AM keep watching
Brunch in 9 hours... $3 MIMOSAS?! Why yes, we do have those! Happy Saturday :)
Check out our #wedding Wednesday Wisdom with event planner Danielle Bobish ttp://bit.ly/IymQ7H
They're really only a tiny step up from those horrid "fat lady bending over" plywood cutouts. Lawn Gnomes: you're on notice.
There has to be at least a couple of days a year ;-)....RT : Rainy day in Tahoe.....
Andrew Ross Sorkin Joining CNBC’s Squawk Box as Permanent Co-Host? Have you watched it? HE IS HORRENDOUS!
well that's a warm welcome to the twitter world...
Wonderful event July 9 at Memorial Coliseum many will be helped by awesome volunteers!
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime coming up in 10 mins! We have a free pizza to give away.
Things you never want to hear. "My Huaband said in high school he failed wood and metal shop, but got an A in ceramics".
Thank you!!! I'm getting old...smh.
Prayers, good thoughts, star wishes and everything else headed your way!
that made me sad :'(
If you knew how much it hurt to miss you, you wouldn't make me live without you.
I really hope my room doesn't smell like puke when I get home lol
I've had the exact same problem with House & Dexter the past two weeks... then I ran out of new episodes. PS - Deer Hunter?
We’re excited for in the house tonight, up from Chicago for a night of Milwaukeeness.
there are a lot of folks involved. it's very exciting
I am a staunch supporter of jeffreys grocery.
Don't they know that your piece was fine as the final word on the show? What more needs to be said?
Blame the Browns FO for not offering me a contract.
Adjust the approach and adjust the results.
So excited for my Saint Etienne xmas 7" single!
Mr. Ordieres. Are you going to try your hand at being an extra in a movie anytime soon?
off to albq in awhile!! :)
for Monday's "fieldtrip", im going to visit 'South Pointe' University <U+E405><U+E449>
yankeeincanada: still taking bets for the number of followers of in its first day. closest without going over wins.
Denver's a welcoming place, I'm sure the photo community would agree. No excuses, first round of pints are on me.
I hate when people ask for advice and hate the reply.
Congrats to the #Coyotes, well deserved. Happy for Don Maloney
Check out our April Giveaway of the Month! Enter to win this super cute eco-friendly kids lunch bag by Dabbawalla Bags....
if Derrick Rose is done so are the bulls...
Who knows, but they smooched it up on DWTS tonight.....could be for marketing though! They're cute, regardless :)
man damn
Mobile won't replace game consoles. Also you clearly don't own an ATV, which is an iPad just on a 70" TV ;)
,i cannt say a bad thing abought her
For once, i had a really good day (:
Longest Friday ever. Shoot me.
I think you already know, you know how I roll!
This was really one of the best weekends ever in my life and it's only gonna get better this summer. Holy shit.
Will you be attending ? And then party?
: you write wonderful blogs. thanks.
I just had a sex on the beach for the first time with friends. M....need more of that.
RT @ TeamOurBieber RETWEET If Justin Bieber is not following you so I can send a DM to him with your twitter names :) (Must be following me)
Supp im Jason nice 2 meet u
Wise: For 40 years we've allowed govt help to be racialized despite white people always being aided by it
Be careful. You may attract the attention of anarchists with the munchies.
It's so nice out. I don't want to leave Market Garden with
we should chat up some, well, offers
I wonder if wants to facetime
Nick nolte looks desperate for a drink
Let's do it
Nothing better than Tybee Time!! What a great few days of R&R. :)
Oh and btw, I wholeheartedly agree, unofficially, about "should be ignored". Officially is (sadly) another matter. Cc
I used. Dope ass app for it :)
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31? The number represents how many flavors they have!...
Where is your favorite place to travel?
Just remember to smile.
...but if he only cooked me a piping hot dish...then he'd be perfect!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 3rd, 10:30am "It's About Time" Calendars and clocks - There's a lot to know about time.
Twitter is the only place where black people can follow white people,and they dont get nervous about it
Me: You have my heart.. Can I have it back?<U+2665> Nick: No
Follow me on Twitter.
RT So how does this work exactly? Does Norv update his own resume, or does an agent do it for him?
"if I was you're girlfriend I'd get a restraining order."
Awww going away pizza party for me!
Nap before the gym !
Miami is NICE. The Knick got 3 superstars too and they should make the Heat pay for getting @ Lin.
It was an ugly morning. BUT - SPRING IS COMING! Do you have any Spring traditions that you’re looking forward to?
wish it waz me :(
ELVIS:The Show Goes On performed by Doug Wilson and the TCB Band of Ohio at The Paramount Sat. Sept. 10. Tickets at box office or online.
Tomorrow is sending me on my first business trip. Psyched to accompany to #alamw12 in Dallas!!
I luv my KDA family. They r some of the hardest working kids I know with the most supportive parents. Thank u for believing in me and KDA
That sad moment when you're at Olive Garden and my chicken Gnocchi soup doesn't have any dumplings
Rascal Toys Tri Master @ www.kandizone.com
RT : RT : Heat announce Chris Bosh will not return, lower abdominal strain.
A group of lesbians walk by. They yawn.
How early do you check your #fb/Twitter?
Spread the word! Make your voice be heard! Robert out
Bell Helicopter announces it will continue its title sponsorship of the Armed Forces Bowl in 2012 & 2013.
Astral Weeks. (You know what to do.)
i want but i cant :'(
working at hom again - Excel and InDesign and email - I could not catch up if I fell into a space-time vortex!!
thanks RT : Each YogaTailor video includes asanas of roughly three minutes each - a breathing exercise (Pranayama), warmup...
has a million more followers than I'm pretty sure she's not even divorced yet.
OK. I won't go completely brain-dead. I need to work on auditioning. That IS my weak suit. That is holding me back. Like fur-sur dude.
I heard rumors you and I are in the same city.....
Sorry about that last update...I was just really impressed, haha.
strings drink
Watching the documentary Nirvana:Nevermind on Netflix instant. This album has so much meaning to me and my generation. Great doc! See it
Just got in from washing, two hours of sleep I get SMH
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
Going to bed at a halfway reasonable time tonight (instead of 2 or 3 a.m.). One question tho - when I wake up, could it please be #Friday?
I am almost certain I'm running a fever.
Sorry, is unable to confirm or deny any speculations at this point.
I dont get angry when my mom smokes pot, hits the bottle and goes back to the rock. ~ Sublime
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 26
Anything they can do, we can do so much BETTER!
Bucket list: Learn to make a check mark on Twitter.
Surveying done for Registry week of #RVA campaign. See everyone at the Friday Press release. landmark theater 12 p.m. lounge B
Yes, Thanks, and u?
So, that's what the world has come to? Chicks can't have long healthy hair and it really be theirs? Jesus.
Gorgeous day! Cleaning house then taking the dogs on a long walk to enjoy the fall beauty! What are your plans for the day?
Who knew the zombie apocalypse would be this boring, and filled with so much interpersonal... oh, who gives a fuck
why do you think they defaced Poe's character?
coming out, maybe!
Take a shot for me.
If #highered is a social good, then educate public in public institutions w aid directed to publics.
Our show at Stacked Pickle (Carmel) is Saturday April 28....and starts at 9:30!! Wait that's tomorrow...COOL! See you there!
Hey Victoria :) #HappyWednesday for your amazing day. That was the best. You perform on Have a great day. :)
hi and good morning
LOL!!! Thats my kind of humor RT You can't spell ALCS without ACL. (not even sure what that means, but feel bad for Rivera.)
I feel like a karaoke more than the usual person. I'm okay with this.
dude i stand by the calls take it up with the commish. Also somehow i lost to jess. I blame meg tock hahah
reluctantly deleting the Civ II screenshots from my 'Data Strategy' report at work
Got my goodnight call now ima crash goodnight everyone
Investor focus is likely to remain on foreign events and speeches today, as no significant economic data is scheduled for release.
he sure did
hi there!! I won't be attending #CES this year with my buddy but make sure u stop by Kodak booth and say hi!!!
Happy Hump Day Bethesda!
Curious about tonight. Looks interesting.
How many satellites orbit the Earth? by RychardeManne
Kobe didn't carry the load he should have, sad to say.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
listening to the grown && sexy music #np in the morning by urban mystic
The Garnier Fructis tent has save my hair two days in a row!
Debating whether or not to get a Flu Vaccination this year as I have heard so many conflicting opinions...thoughts?
At Hiawatha You can get any sandwich made into a wrap!!! #Wrapitup Wednesday! Sit-Click-Eat www.wausautogo.com
Don't forget! Audra McDonald at the tonight, courtesy of We'll be there; will you?
I understand your desire to help the victims of trafficking. We are taking a stand against trafficking also.
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave. Is there a big event coming up? Plan in advance and come up with a tie-in.
Peace passes all understanding
I am thinking about it! Do you know who is doing the history of photography talk, by chance?!
I hate having to explain shit i dont have time
Yep, that's the hope!
#HowardSternsPenis #AGT he's really made this show 10x better
If I say hi to you and you don't say hi back, trust me, I will NEVER say hi to you again. I'm not a kiss ass. :D
get excited fresh powder in the Rockies blue skies and sunny in Denver!
Congressman Blumenauer plugs Friends of Family Farmers monthly InFARMation events!
Friday at Babylon in metairie!
any idea?
RT : My moms got a Facebook page today! Really ma?!! #Cmonson-ha ha!
TINYCHAT! :D or skype, whatever works is fine with me.
Blue Water Market & Grill on India at Washington!
nicely said Djdrama
#Salty. All weekend. All day
Jamming to pandora
Woz was always my hacker hero but without both him and Steve Jobs I wouldn't have the life I love today.
Making music might be the greatest thing ever.
New York City has been gorgeous lately. I guess I can say goodbye for good to the snow?
not really. I mainly watch football and basketball. What's yours?
... Is that your first?
#Cuts4aCause is right around the corner... anybody willing to donate their hair for a good cause??
HI Donny - competes against high schools between San Diego & Oceanside. Only time we see OC teams is at state.
: A tight hug can do so much for someone that's hurting. Thanks my friend
Sounds perfect! Soy latte?
so u gonna be in hell-lay soon then juju?? can't wait to see u!! and OWN it!
#BounceThatAss. #JonnyTee King of the #BBW Night Club. New Single "Friday Night" June 5th. Club Banger Fo Real.
Back atcha! #FF « #FF love to ->a very cool chick and fellow Detroiter who is smart and witty to boot!»
Read that the MLA International Bibliography of Publications has info on acceptance rates, but profiles not showing that info. Where to now?
#Vols down by 3 20 seconds left . Who shoots the final shot ?
Love this weather ! , tanning for sure ? <3
Publishing has made me awesome at math as well, I like it. Was never my strong suit, but now, bring it on.
Pizza rolls and ranch at 10am.... #classy. Boyfriend ate the cereal...what was I suppose to do??
LIVE NOW!! THE PULSE ON power983fm.com !! DJ AMEN RA IN THE MIX!
Happy st. patrick's day - exciting and long day!!!.
ur the one being loud!!! I'm trying to do my hw!!!
lets not forget about the Thunder voiding that original trade for Tyson as well
just got my tickets for Arcade Fire... who else is going? In other news, when did the Pavilion become the nTelos Wireless Pavilion?
How old r u? Wondering if u r now youngest elder in the Conference instead of me?
just discovered. Family dinner time will be so much better for it.
would like to create more hours, so he can work and play without running out of time.
By the way, and for the record ...
Yes! I can do flash designs... send me an email and let me know your site specfics.
Just presented LearnCamp Phx update to event sponsor board. Added great new deals for new members. Details soon!
are you city partying for Christmas eve eve ?
Whats the point of having a cell phone if you never answer?
(: RT : "it's east side, we in this bitch" <3 one of the best songs ever quoted by the best guy on twitter!!!
it is a portion of my income. I have two other l roles outside of ILP.
It was meant to be taken a joke.
We're open and 1859 Balloon Voyage is ready to fly as soon as this wind passes! Stop by your local for $5 off coupon!
Of course darling! Let's gather soon hey. It's been too long!
lets talk about it if your interested. :)
I was just going to say something, but I forgot when I started looking at you.
actually neo-con policy wonks have been supportive
good point, but it's fun to cheer for Tebow. Shut up the haters.
#HappyBirthdayJustinBieber ! <U+2665> Our kidrauhl is 18 ^,^ You are an inspiration to all of us.
Loving life and being with amazing friends. Can it be any better?
This summer is gonna be the best yet. Actually have plans and people to hangout with.
Awesome job! I want that case right now.
No explicit overly sexualized tweets or texts this weekend.
What is JJ Yeley's funding situation for the next race with America Israel Racing?
Hey! whoever wants a ticket to the show with breathe electric next sunday! they are only $8! we will drop them off, let us know your address
good luck! :)
Enjoy Lg/3-top pizza-$9.99 - MoSu- dine in,pick up or delivery. Bring in Dad on Father's day and treat him to a free scoop of ice cream!
We applaud John Demjanjuk’s conviction and its message of no amnesty for Nazi war criminals.
It has taken me an embarrassingly long time to decode what, on my screen at home, looked like an empty box! Thank you!
o...god i love u so much......i will keep u law very much lord jesus al this i keep because lord is like my biggest father!
why the hell i keep having all these dreams about kids & me getting ppl pregnant?
I love when we have ethnic cookout.
So much fun on the Solar Lounge on Weds, 4/25/12. CUSoon, Shine On!
I really do call him that out of respect. I even had it printed on my wedding trading cards.
#NP "THOUGHT U SAID" by and I dont know what ma girl saying but she is killin it and so is Diddy!
This is a strange movie
I'm over it
Clearly best episode this season so far.
Wtf did I just get myself into?
Joe Namath on #letterman!
now when you say " go to" do you mean "drive thru"
You'll hear no argument from me bro. RT : haha! none of that sweet talk, banks, we've already both got beautiful gf's.
all going well cant complain, just getting many things done these days, speak soon for sure.
Thanks for letting me know Maggie, very nice of you!
Moms new punishment.. For bad grades. No txts after 9!
Afternoon session 1: E-books. You don't really own e-books. You license the content.
It doesnt look like Im gonna make it either, I actually just emailed Dr. Hudson :(
Incubus - Aqueous transmission: via
conceive, and she bore a son. 14And the women said to Naomi, “Blessed be the LORD, who has not withheld a redeemer from you #Torah 93/99
i was not expecting that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Change is in the air! New website coming soon.
follow me broo
i get it but I'm a little bias b/c the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria
I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 10,000,000. Guess what it is!
Thatll be 1 place I will def have to visit.Did u get any throwback 80' joints?
Q. How is being at a singles bar different than being at the circus? A. At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
Lol @ everyone who doesn't realize i'm a ginger.
Wow, my life is forever changed!!!! I never knew how many sexual innuendoes were in Disney movies! Damn pervs.
leaving jersey tomrrow and im sad :(
Cautiously optimistic about the Kickass sequel, but only if they bring everyone back from the first movie.
Born This Way
My Perdiction for the next "Rapture" is when the cubs finally make it to the world series!
You can do it!! Have fun & share it with others!
I want to make some catchy pop punk. The kind that makes it so fun to play on stage! I miss it
It's Day! Come and enjoy the festivities! It is going to be a beautiful day for it.
Just followed my nigga That boy graduating tomorrow! Congrats my boy!
Ex NBA Player & Coach / Player for the OC Gladiators delays game by refusing to let his players play after he gets ejected with 2 technicals
You insane.
absolutely - my pleasure!
(hi!) I've seen enough evidence to bear it out - if it's a choice of app v browser, app always wins
Makin' moves on the LA SEXORCISTBROS split 7" with the homies WAXEATER. GLASS!
i always have my brother (: #hesaysyourlifesucks #thankstrent!
Fellow #screenwriters: Suggestions for the BEST #screenwriting books? Have a few, but seeking opinions. Teaching screenwriting this fall.
You know u care a little too much about ur hair when u have a separate bag just for ur hair care products
I'm not able to handle organizing anything at this time, but if anyone wants to go for airbnb I'd be in!
#WhatILoveMost watching and 's old videos!! #Mahomie #Acon :)<33 Hope all of your dreams come true Austin!!<3
I really hope i can.
Yall left already.???
greatest song ever!
dark chocolate for me!!
I'm on one
Our Limited collection two- and three-bedroom penthouse homes featuring brick and timber finishes, water views and roof top access.
Seven minutes!!!!!!
I needed a pick-me-up and went to your profile page. Thanks! UR terrific.
M had Mi Cocina for lunch today! Dallas TX you're BEAUTIFUL! <3
Going to CE class with Bill Gallagher - love him! So informative and funny!
Awesome! Ha RT : Who the hell uses goo gone to mop?! New people, I swear.
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Today is the day! The anticipation is killing me!
woot woot Jenna. Happy new year to you and yours, Jenna! <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
Thanks! I enjoyed #walraa2012! RT Great advice from : "if I stay for one more year, what else will I learn?"
Whoa, mics picked up F-bomb in #flyers #penguins game.
I guess you can add one more BAD to the list
My concern and well wishes go out to Nathan Horton! Hope for a speedy recovery and see ya on the ice!
Hey! Just trying to be nice over here!
Tomorrow I make my return to the 412....going to see Pens Tuesday, Sid's homecoming can't wait!
Happy Holidays ya'll, challah back!
And as a side note, I really do miss my horse.
Just got another save the date in the mail - 2012 = 3 showers, 3 bachelorette parties, 7 weddings and a $0 bank account balance!
I'm following you again.
Off to learn music for a reading of a new musical called Invincible! What an opportunity!! :)
Gotta love seeing opponents signs melt due to rain while 's stand strong.
why did Ginny and the council deny legal by-the-book dispensary Cannahelp a permit? Sick people need safe access. Report?
Guys, if I knew Photoshop, I'd gladly fulfill your requests for Time kid hanging off Ice-T's wife and Michaelangelo's David.
it says slap city on Flickr. Haha. Unless u did that on purpose. Cool pics tho! I like the one of us on the boat. A lot.
My future starts Monday, my weekend starts Friday!
We had another awesome night of Sunday Night Trivia with ! Make sure you join us this Sunday for all the action!
Read good finance resource books like Jonbull's Stock Guide: How to Invest Profitably in A Volatile Stock Market. Trafford Publishing
Merry Christmas everyone!
Watching "Supernatural" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Terrance Newman can become an olympic hurdle once he retires
Its Latin night at Dance Bethesda today. Latin fitness with Michael R Rye at 7pm and Salsa at 8pm. See you tonight!
Gentlemen,need a way to maintain your facial routine?Come 2 & get our Express Facial for $40. specifically designed 4 you.
Just thinking about that puts me in a bad mood.
most of the time i be seeing ppl calling / texting my phone .. i just dnt reply or pick up *shrugs*
It's meant to make it a little easier for spectators to know where we might be and when.
This club lame as hell
I wonder if I could do them in a 9 x 11 pan for, oh, 30 minutes or so...
Not feeling like my normal bubbly self this morning - so I wrap myself in a blanket of love, compassion & acceptance. Aaahhh...
sorry icky just one of those games where chances galore but nothin went in man it was like watching a Chelsea match lol
Falcons on that ass !!!
9In Class With My Bro Watching FREEDOM WRITERS ; / Todaay Is WAAACCCKKK ! But Camerons Cakewas BOMB (x
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.8
um on yo trail follow back i appreciate it!!!
My lil brother is killing this mixtape #everybodyeatbread WE SO DEEP IN THIS BITCH
Gotta come dwn RT : WE MISS YOU TO!!!! JAY LOL
good luck!
I will make sure that it is :) Xo J
Nothing like a nice run after work to get a good sweat going. Best way to hit my second wind. Now for the fun part tonight
meteor shower!
Woohoo! #Hines n Kym have breathed new life into Pittsburgh! "We want to thank #SteelersNation for making this happen," after his #DWTS win.
surprisingly yummy & easy side dish: cook brown rice w/ bag of frozen stir fry veggies with 1/2 T coconut oil & sprinkle with sesame seeds!
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime <U+2665>
#DWTS All-Stars next season. Ann B Davis, Rip Taylor, Willie Tyler & Lester, Ariel Sharon in consideration.
Suns get smashed by Thunder, falling to 0-6 vs. Thunder/Spurs this season. So really, they should just emulate POR and tank too.
Thought about the top 20 players in the world and in what majors they would do best. Westwood and Lefty appear in my side pot.
George Lucas got y'all going eh? lol
ahahaha just a thought
Shout out to the whore bag bitch as poon native mo fucka cant even catch a buffalo! :)
I don't know how I'm going to stay awake during the SAT's. Lmao
and why would that matter??
this will be my third yr on bourbon not one thing everr stolen! Lol
Greys anatomy has broke my heart!!!!
playing sports with your boyfriend
She's lovely. Thanks for sharing.
dont worry fans i still have AutographTickets Avail. Purchase them tomorrow from 4-7pm est! GO CATS!
with that negativity it won't! Ha, kidding. Just cheer up, you will eventually accept it as just a memory.
You see why you laker fans should just keep your mouths shut till the game is over Haha Nuggets punked on them!!!
Moving on to session "Collaborate"! Andrew from LivingSocial will talk about how we facilitate collaboration w/ spatial design.
flash cookies
No he does! It's just that I live upstate and Justin is always in the city. Not up by me
When my little brother offers me some of his candy. #SoCute!
": I can always count on to make me feel better #secretlovers #notanymore :* xo"no i love u
How everybody feelin on this beautiful day
Loved catching up with and love you both!
Starting crying when i found out i got tickets
Continuing the bday boy's bday week-end with dinner at his fave restaurant, :-D
Hello downtown Seattle. We deliver lunch, give us a call 206-441-9235. Take a break 4 panini & caffe
practice tonight. writing some new tunes
2. Learn how to resolve issues peacefully. (Pls RT)
I'm guessing that better? Ha
if you did you'd be the best teacher ever, since you're the best friend ever. Did I mention I love you?
Night night!!!!:-) a new day awaits!!!
As Marcus Bachmann might emote, "heavy thigh."
#IWantToHave sex. Pointless, meaningless, sex. Just to get my mind off everything.
Get to see in less then 24 hours...feels like christmas
“: NO, I want some Sopapillas with honey on top! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>” me to they are so good
O'Brien out as Pacers coach. It looks like assistant Frank Vogel will take over as interim coach for the remainder of the season.
Do you have time to do one creative thing for 15 minutes today? Do it! You'll be glad you did.
follow me back please please please ! <U+2665>
Thanks Erica! I hope you're doing great! The schools here are on spring break next week--are you too? If so, enjoy!
I should put on some coffee heh :)
Coolio, Scott from is coming too : costa brava it is!
“: Kristen Wiig is my favorite. Human being, I mean.” Mine too!
don't forget to try some frozen custard while you're here
#20ThingsAboutMe Jessie Is my fav show on Disney Channel
Thanks for the RT! Don't forget, we're donating 10 cents to the WWF for each new follower we get this week (up to $100) : )
Joan Lederman arrived today!
Oh cool! I donated a tree to my 3 little ones too, I loved that they did that! Good deal for holiday cards too then! :)
we must keep our geniusness to ourselves. #SecretIdentity yo.
skipping is fun though
Haha. Whatever. :P
Good morning tweet geekz
Just found out there are both Standard and Premium staples. Look close: the Premiums wear Chanel and have VIP tickets to Jack White.
Buggy said she is scared to go alone with pappa because she will sleep alone in that big scary house! lol
Hey! It all worked out well. If it goes through on Monday you & me are good for a bit! ;)
Yes, and I'm driving to VA to see it with old friends at midnight like a bunch of rebellious 12 year olds.
Ive had two guys blatantly hitting on me in the past 12 hours... dear world, youre broken. I cant handle this awkwardness :/
loves gospel music
Everyone faces OPPOSITION! The question is... Does it turn YOU around?
Reminder: Don't forget to tell a friend to go to FB, like Hard Rock Memphis page, then vote for "Prosody". And get ready for Opinions Friday
I don't even know what to do with that info. I'm not surprised, and I'm all raged out. Just disheartening. I need a drink.
Well, hello and ! Thank you for the follow!
My mom is rapping to Baby Got Back. Omfg.
is one of the most strongest girls ever. She's been through so much. That just made me cry.
Wasted money on concert tickets in the 9th row. Why so far back, YO!
IF YOUR MY TWITTER FRIEND FOLLOW ME :)
I can't believe that 2Cer actually tried to u turn right there. #okmaybeIcan Pay attention!
*Jumps up and down with you* YAY!
CRY! CRY! CRY! #YES. #WifeSwapAU ... what's she wearing? Ye olde world attire?
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop.
Balled with my brother today...
Beautiful morning. Shower, coffee run, and doggie ball throw. Dog is staring at me. Gotta go.
Excellent reasons! :)
yay! glad that you were inspired by that. I have to admit the fee based solution makes me nervous
whats going on??
This Boston Philly game is ridiculous.
Going To sleep goodnight twitter!'
This is awesome! Thanks for posting Cory!
Learned tonight that one of my teammates - our newest and most up and coming jammer - played handbells in college. Handbells.
Thank you good sir!
So in baseball they slide on the tarp in the infield...Will all-star defender Matt Besler be practicing a few slide tackles????
nd now he's offerin me wine...... better not b cheap
Today is National Joe Day, honoring anyone named Joe. - So Hello all the #Joe of the Twitterworld!
Libraries in TN offer programs & assistance to the community. 36,634 programs, attended by 1,051,070 TNs, have been offered.
Happy Halloween weekend everyone! What are the kids dressing up as for All Hollow's Eve?
what reform? So far all I seen from u is same "richpublican" tactics. Do something real for the people. Sad
Headed to see #garthbrooks wish you were here!
I finally adjusted to west coast time, just in time to get up at 3.30 for my flight back east. *sigh*
Heck if no one hears you, take a quarter out of the jar.
justin please come to Bulgaria
I'm not sure yet, I'm certainly gonna try! Austin is wonderful as always, getting chilly though! But I can't complain : )
Let em know!
Maybe vs or vs to fire things up?
Think I'll do it at Wordcamp Austin this weekend. ;)
We met, we liked, u called, we texted, we dated, we kissed, we sucked, we fucked, we cam, we loved, we commited, u cheated, we're done!
Orlando and then St. petersburg I believe?
Court docs show former Doernbecher nurse had online chat w/ undercover agent.Suspect admits having "original stuff" in child porn collection
Happy Friday!
Nothing quite like sleeping in your own bed. First 8 hour night in 30 days.
The space is kinda by the Sports Areana, just off of the Rosecrans exit.
You must be a delight to hang around.
Twitter faster than the US Geological service for telling the magnitude of the Bay Area earthquake.
Exciting new chapter! Good luck with everything :)
Whenever you become empowered, you will be tested. Caroline Myss
SA takes what it can get.
If anyone ever needs a model i'll do a shoot for free
everybody check out my songs this cd is destined for greatness
Yes please. Though Secret World of Arrietty is out now and most excellent.
nice haiku! Thanks.
I am SO sorry about those ignorant "ICONiacz". They thought they were cool and funny, they weren't.
Communication presupposes distance and media introduce the principle, or hope, of im-mediacy.
This is awesome... I know quite a few people that I will be telling about this!
and ... follow me and i'll DM you where to pick up your tickets!
#Rapids Brek Shea isn't even on the bench?
Speeding through this last bit of work before #Revenge tonight!
Hiya and thanks for follow. I used to do that Reading, PA, to NYC run on the Bieber bus! Happy spring to you.
Another all night in the books. Sleep no time soon
Hey, great job on the #SLP call today. Brad liked your pitch. cc
I just made a wish for a teleprompter on march 22 :) and a scholarship feb 28
click on "me", then click on your pic, then click edit profile. This is how to do it from ur phone
Thanks for the mention!
while Paul Breitner runs off with it....
haha well they broke up but ikr! That's my mom's age! I told my mom 2 stay away from him lol
Well she's a company 'man' now.
Feeling a lot better about this #Packers game now. One more TD and then Flynn, please.
Tweetdeck prob shortened ur link to bitly first. Then twitter shortens all links to tco.
Great webinar! Learned a lot and enjoyed the format.
Demanding the kids go to counseling, just so one can insure victim status is just wrong. A step below Münchausen syndrome in my opinion.
Thanks, WE are ALL part of the community TEAM! RT : BTW, big shouts to saw multiple #HereWeSayYes billboards today!
Logged into the ALA TechSource workshop Facebook, Twitter & More, up today
YES YES YES. btw, I had to wash my hobbit feet in a gas sation sink on Sunday. It was great.
I'm at the online cafe. There is a children's day care upstairs. Industrial Techno music and child laughrer. Pretty surreal.
Getting dressed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Wtf was that
Closing in on 200 likes...lets make this a GREAT Friday! Tell a friend to like Tivity on facebook!
haha not me, but clearly looked like Garrett's "Welcome to the NFL" moment..
Right back to the gig. A nigga grindin!
Read about how Veda is helping the Catamount Institute and all the events you can participate in the entire month of April! DON'T MISS OUT!
Finally going to go get my computer fixed
heading in b4 the mashable gig. Had a late night last two nights. I will be at the show floor tomorrow all day. Dinner Mon?
RT : Just got last email edition of Global Pensions. Great trade mag; sad times. RIP
i'm ur big brother. It's my job to be mean to u
Only God can judge me
Will anyone hear your thoughts? Will anybody give a shit that you have a lot to say, & not enough ears ready & willing to accept. Accept it.
that or any one of the missed fieldgoals by Kansas throughout the game
Before I die ,I want to go in to the playboy mansion.
F AT&T in the A.
I'm starting to come to the creeping, slow revelation that I hate George Clooney the way some pathetic losers hate Gwenyth Paltrow.
Stop having your faggot friends tweet me.
What is this word called love. Mayb a word to describe how u feel well I want to show you. We can have something beyond a word! -Craig-
RT : Although the image keeps the link to your site, this makes for quicker access for potential clients/customers
Want your product, food, or beverage in a zombie #movie? Email us: info at CraveLocal dot com.
Haha crazy wake thought life was a dream then realized it was a nightmare because I have exams tomorrow. #fuxk school.
#Loyalty somethin people dnt know much about.
Pujols better put some $ in the "I can't hit" coffee can. Lord knows the gave him enough of it. This is abysmal.
(SAT/Sep. 24 @ 5pm) Special reading by Travel author Julian Smith on his book "Crossing the Heart of Africa: An Odyssey of Love & Adventure"
Yeah my brotha... hope we do it soon man.. till then, see u on TV!!! HA!!!
Chant it with me: "De-fense! De-fense!" RT Source: Free-agent OF Aaron Rowand signs minor-league deal with
Definitely needing to pick up some freelance #archives/library jobs. Twitterverse: ignite! Know anyone looking on per diem hire?
RT - Jaguars make Jacksonville look real tyed! Tighten the fuck up.
Listening to #Radiohead :)
Good night Moon - waxing so bright.
Arizona native here and I miss the weather more than anything... These Wisconsin winters are tough!
“: #oomf got me thinking on sumn shit.” I miss u Jess ima come kidnap u one of these days
Win your 3-Day passes to the 2012 fest in Chicago this Aug. has 'em this hr
Interested in FL?
Beat the heat - come in and try one of our yummy frozen cocktails!
I'd be curious to know what percentage of usage is spent reading books on the iPad versus ALL other apps and uses possible.
The Neighbors on ABC looks good.
Next 2 weeks will be insane.
Well I would(; haha BABE I LOVE YOU<333333333
Genetics and medical history are extremely important. Adoptees don’t have this information. Get the answers by finding your birth mother.
Oh okay. RT : at my high school. Summer intern
Waiting on time
Hey let's see some photos!
Exec Catering is offering the Clay Matthews Cheese, Sausage & Cracker Platter for $52--serves up to 40!!!
ace gang, it's boy stalking time! ;)
NPCLibrary: I found out about that resource from the great presentation your group did last Thursday for the SLA tour. Thanks a ...
RT - Clean sweep in all three fantasy football leagues. Now maybe the #Canes or #Dolphins can put together a winning we...
shoot. now i'm gonna need therapy.
I guess they're setting up for the USA network red carpet thing. It's right at my bus stop. AWESOME
Online final tonight, and one more tomorrow and I'm headed to huntington beach to kick with the g ma, Aunt, and cousin! Then home for a bit!
hey Austin, guess what?? :)<3
you da shadiest
It isn't what might happen that gets me, its the waiting for the decision to actually be made that drives me nuts.
Everyone's afraid of something, that's how you know you care about things, when you're afraid you'll lose them.
Tip: Toast nuts in microwave in single layer for 1-min intervals stirring between each. 3-8 min total depending on watts
Bowling for relay for life tonight with my friends Nicole, jenn, & Ed just to name a few! Feeling better than I did yest so its on!
Oh for the love of cheese. With the possible exception of Ron Paul, do we still need these intros?
MAYNE I NEED TO GET RESIZE IT ALREADY NIGGA LOL WE NEED TO PRINT THEM UP ASAP LIKE A MUG CMON HOMIE HIT ME UP LOL
Thanks. :-) I am too. I need to review two movies for my librarianship class that are geared towards teens (ages 12+).
Holy shiz- Com Central is roasting ...the Hoff!
Headed to gym to put in 1st workout of the year ...LEGS.... In case u didn't know it don't count unless u drop it below the knees....
when i do good no one remembers when i do bad no one forgets
Socialism & Communism never works. When will people ever learn? Personal responsibility for your own actions is the only way to go.
Got the good news today that there's some upcoming international travel to Thailand in store for me!
Enter promo-code FALL5 to receive $5 OFF at check out!! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
i love ur "Mad" cover its amazing
Joe said looks like a Horse, looks like a Butchy Boy, and looks like a Frog! C'mon, Grow up Joe!!!
Love this song!!
I hope everyone has a blessed, strong, proactive wednesday = )
CAFE TACUBA!! Tonight!! At SOCORRO ENTERTAINMENT CENTER! I can't wait!! It is a Tacuvist day!!
how could I forget :) lol!!
yahh, come on sunday
Sad fact: I have 10,090 emails in my work inbox.
Well, that was our fastest contest ever! Congrats go out to John Velasquez for his speedy correct answers!
austin im so proud :) #saysomethin amazing <3
The road to 2012 begins tonight
happened to my sister. TOTALLY weird (sorry love) but it went back in and she got it repierced.
Our child abuse radiothon is off to a good start! Call 720-855-3247 to donate! The second volunteer shift from Noble Energy is ready!!
No problem. We are all helping each other by spreading the word.
“Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening” - Coco Chanel
Same here. Unfollow.
RT : The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory. #truth #motivation (via )
Need a little Love Potion to charm that boy you've been eyeing all year? Well come down to Mocha's and will stir one right up for you.
Quitting your day job is so liberating.
Is Stoudemire still out with that bulging dic...err disk?
night of Monday the 14th until afternoon of Wednesday the 16th. Did you get my email?
#fyw It’s a shame George Washinton’s good name has been applied to a city known for evil and corruption. Can we rename it Caligulatown?
sounds like a plan! What's been good
Taking some video of installing my window sashes so I can put a demo on my blog later.
Crappy start to today :(
No. 1 album in the country #PinkFridayRomanReloaded !!!! Hell to the yes!!!!
I wish my doctors last name was pepper for obvious reasons... ;)
y'all down the lab
A2: How many watch ESPN anymore for anything other than live sports? Fresh new face with good talent would be nice
I feel like I'm 19 sometimes.... in a 24yr old body.....
any chance you'll trade Porto Alegre for Sao Paulo before July 6? flying back from RJ to SP in the morning (best reached on cell)
Wondering if you have an ETA restoration of service in the United States
go see for the best classic shave and haircut ANYWHERE in the metro area!! I just made my monthly visit.... ah!!
Cant say I was ever a big MacPhail fan.
: Hey Ivory can I gets some of that pudding? And yes the movie is funny!!!
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live
Want worthwhile exposure at an established American Heart Association #fundraiser #charity #fashion show?
:) I'm the opposite, I guess. I was first an iOS user and now I decided I can live with os x because the hardware is sleek
My kitten is fast asleep.. and she's making me want a nap too!
sorry DP was a foul there but plenty of clearouts not called all game.
What are you doing? o; (that sounded wrong lmao)
yay - the toilet I ordered off of Amazon has shipped :)
oh pssh. I have tickets for the 30th I think. Lol
Thanks for the insight!
How many Generations of Man vs Man must we slay through before we reach Unification?
Step away from the computer & don't look back! RT : How did I manage to take the day off and still end up doing work?
...and now that I've lost all of my writer friends, I'll go think up some remark with which to offend, I dunno, people who like puppies.
Aye :-)": When i go to SC for bike week, he better give it to me right. Wake me up with it sitting on my pussy lol"
Or was i
Sweet! Thanks for the shoutout!
If you leave me a voicemail, it's not getting listened to ...I'm automatically deleting that shit
Everyone's getting these...it's creepy!
The Albuquerque Small Business Review is looking for businesses in the Albuquerque area to feature on its blog. Have any suggestions?
Plus Vampires and the occult would tie in well with bringing in Dr. Strange, which we know they want to do.
1 word, man. Not in the family, but just.... women...
I'm determined to enjoy this day. Too much good about it. RIP Zachery Tims.
I agree 100%. With a little thought, you can easily see that this trend doesnt make sense.
Who has a t-mobile phone they wanna sell?
And that last tweet proves I've been up way too long:) Ideas to turn the mind off? Preferably legal but.....lol j/k
#amwriting. My favorite cure for writer's block is to go for a walk. What's yours?
For a quick snack, mix a can of tuna with pickle relish and mustard then spread on wheat bread with a slice of lite Swiss cheese..delicious.
yeah me too!
Yeah! We felt it in #NYC. I bet deals with this all the time... RT : QUAKE !!!
Awesome meet way to go girls and boys!:D
Thanks for the follow!!
did u get a an iPhone finally?!!
RT : I'm going to hang with at the Lacoste live party at today
8 candidates now. Taylor just joined the troop.
No, but I'm OK with ASKP. Research is convincing. What do you think?
whats up my friend how's everything i mean everything lol
If Cal and UCLA are any indication, we coulda rulled the Pac 12.
Ugh *rozay voice*
Thank you! I got the word out, expect SA's finest to represent!!!
happy my parents are my "bcpd" for the week
the music bro
Commission meeting from Culver City now in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
I need some shoes. Preferably Sperry's :)
These Coyotes are either saving hockey in the Valley or giving it one heck of a going away party. Either way it's a fun ride.
"There's a way to do it better—find it." (Thomas Edison)
I wanna go back to sleep. But since I'm already to go to school , I can't :(
see u at the Coconut Grove bedraces
Did one of the coolest things of my life. Interviewed for WritersTalk.
*i don't give a fuck face*
enjoy the hot dougs, that's walking distance from nowhere hq... dangerous when it's duck fat french fries day
wow. I would be pissed as shit. I hope u find that em effer
LOL! RIght! Bella, bringing bloggers together, since 2009 (?)
Do u give candy 2 adults who trick or treat? Not teenagers or adults w/babies. These are adults in costume without children. Am I a grinch?
Dr. Bob just said Allen Iverson, Carmelo Anthony are "average" players when you look at how the team does when they are out injured.
Would you sell your Integrity or your soul in an economic down turn? We had a meeting wiht a Client, a well connected client in the busines…
what's going on?
and yall nasty with yall morning bursting ass. gross.
Can't wait to c!
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last even if the contact is lost.
Who needs a boyfriend or girlfriend when you have best friends that care more than any girlfriend or boyfriend would
why does most #sales advice suck? bc it lacks a #psychology foundation. #sales IS
This room is making me fucking sleepy :/.
I think the spammers have gotten to you, Dave.
I was just texting mark about how I shouldn't have come after the work crowd got off.... it sucks even more!
“: wish I was there! You need too break out Clint Eastwood! #wookietricks” only if you send a panini maker!
I can't live without y<U+0336>o<U+0336>u<U+0336>. FOOD. ;)
secrets keep you sick :*
that's what I said:/ I'm not even Suppose to have a twitter! He's way to protective! I'm sorry:/
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content
Saturday a. m. #GYMTIME !!! 100lb seated hammer curls for 4 reps. Gonna be a #SWOL weekend!!
Because I'm not the type of girl guys fall in love with/:
Movin into the New House.
So hard not to spend money, but I love watching my bank account grow.
#Buffalo is a great city for #entreprenurs to launch their
Every officer of the law (under close adult supervision) should be required to experience THC in training; then repeatedly in therapy.
Thanks and cheers
We hope to see you May 21-22 for a Soccer Tournament benefiting Voices For Children Foundation! RSVP w/Julian Otero at 305.726.4032
Lol at least you admit its partial motivation.
In bed before midnight. This is my life now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Any specific things you're looking for in a restaurant?
"my butt is exploding" - anonymous
WANT ME TO COME KIDNAP YOU FROM SCHOOL? WE CAN EAT FOOD, & THEN I TAKE YOU HOME. HAHA
RT - Going the yanks game tnight against the Cleveland Indians...going to be Awsome
So i guess house is the best spot to get it poppin lol
Head this way. Im at the 24 hour starbucks finishing papers. It'll be a blast.
that's absolutely AMAZING! You guys inspire me so much, thank you for being so awesome!(:
hahaha well just believe that I'm gonna shut it down cuz I'm gonna be lookin so fuckin good
Haven't seen my grandparents since Christmas! Excited to surprise them today!!
Can't wait til Friday!! Seen you guys in July when ya came home...also stoked about !! \m/
-.- French exam today
Some guy just came up to me and started speaking Spanish. Today is weird.
RT : follow my private honeys
If you could be invisable for a day what would you do and where would you go? #askharry :)
Nah, I've never liked Harden lol. Complain about him a lot.
Liberty Health shows how the BP Oil Spill may draw attention to the purity of
You got it! The Lady Vanishes.
i might be the only one who actually cleans my headphones. lol
Here at the cove bout to go on soon...
Last minute christms shopping
THIS!!!!! RT Funny thing is Lakers fans talk ish during EVERYBODY game...but all I see is crickets on my tl now. Oh ok
The sad thing about the weekend is that it ends tonight! Any plans for Sunday? How about building a nice #portfolio on www.shastic.com?
haven't started psych yet
Champions League 2nd Leg of quarter finals.. AC Milan vs Barcelona and Bayern Munich vs Marseille
sweet!! Is it that one you importated in back from Scotland?
Jeff Boals Introduced as New Men's Basketball Assistant Coach
4-not engaging people; 5-not selling to them; 7-making sure your webhsite is actually converting
Why did this train just stop in the middle of the track?
looking forward to hearing the story of Havana, Cuba, as told by artists, pastors, and missionaries this weekend.
As a kid, kind of a dream of mine to be working in the state journal newsroom on election night… And away we go...
I loved it, too. Remember how it made me cry, ?
Guys with earrings >>>
You know that guy who's nauseating you by filling up your TV with endless ads? Yeah, vote for the other guy. Thanks.
hope I see a different team next game
and everyone else who sees this tweet..
Aww darlin, I miss you too. Hang in there. The girlfriends will come... just with entirely too much time :-/
But im not gunna front its really funny.
Romney's reaction about bullying story: Not remembering and chuckling? Nervous laughter = tension. Yes, I used to code human behavior.
Some things never change
That's the goal! Is there a good time for you to touch base this week?
I plan to enjoy your #mw2012 tweets. And then I plan to enjoy the beer you will buy me when you get back to CO.
sweet. congrats. YOU KNOW JACK
I know man! My schedule has been wacky...Coming in later now.. How's life?
personally I prefer a single payer system similar to the ones ALL of our ALLIES have 2 provide access to healthcare
j keeps calling me..
was always an idiot pujols was better and that's from a #brewers fan
Love it, totally need to do this in our office. Thanks for the idea. #Mad Men
Your Suite, Your Chef! Luxurious overnight accommodations at the Clam Cannery plus dinner for 2 prepared in your suite by a local chef of...
I meant rub his balls with his paws since he cant reach them with his mouth to lick himself...lol :-)
Coffee Yum.....
I wonder how many people had to complain before the Toronto Blue Jays created a "peanut-free zone" at three home games this season.
You any less than you deserve you appear just like a dream to me and I can't live my life without you do thank you for everything (cont.)
I love Spending time with these fools and les! The best friends a girl can ask for!
What to do today? Decisions, decisions.
mgjklglfffskfjgj...Oops sorry my head just hit my keyboard, guess its time for bed! back to the dorms tmrw... goodnight! :)
I SCORED !
The Walls We Put Up To Keep Out The Pain, Also Keep Out The Joy.
I have the worst migraine. Usually they last 3 days and this is not the time to have one. First events in the new exhibit tomorrow night!
Check out CDs & or Would be great 4 #FastTalk re: any topics design/mkting-related
Lots of tweets flying out of 215
Oh no!! Feel better!
yess lol i just woke up
OMG NO THATS YOU BUT THANKS <3
Sure thing!
Love the chat in today's #accessusummit conference, lots of wonderful resources being shared by attendees. Thank you.
#first40songsonshuffle 1. Rebel Love Song - Black Veil Brides
really youtube?!!! "Help Rick Santorum Win the Republican Nomination For President." derpaderpaderpaderpaderp
google needs to let me in. I feel left out
Hope you manage to get out soon!
West Virginia cancels game at Florida State scheduled for September 8.
and fish hook it...thats my new thing also :)
. There's nothing like having a German woman refer to Africans learning European music as "these people." Uplifting!
I certainly think it was at LEAST when Bush ran!! and why would they stop there?#US2012 #
Are we still able to vote for favorite CBB episodes?
": We all had a ball at Boss last night. Dat nigga Drago got my ass drunk"
Embody and Envelope desk. Absolutely love both, but dealing with has been a PITA.
Welcome to our panel members: Caroline Van Sickle,Dan Homrich,Tim Cannon, Tiffany Trent, Dan Gordon.
yeah I'm here
I'm gonna go back to working at Twin Peaks
I might legitimately do that.
Working with html files today that will provide full-text versions for some of our digital journals. Adjusting METS documents accordingly
Anyone out there that frequents Bop on State Street that I could interview for a story I'm writing??
You wanna just say I win? RT Yo who wants to play "words with friends"? Challenge me. ThaGawdShow
I have never, ever seen
Okay, so, dropped the brand new droid razr maxx in the commode. Really. :(
If it's like last June 20 - ABSOLUTELY! Can u put n an order 4 more balanced rain/ sun summer? That'd b lovely ;)
Hit the least of my goals for this year's : 12k in under an hour (dropped 8 mins from 2011). Next year: 50 minutes.
Oh my god........,did Jacobs just make love with the star? Awkward.
're pissing me off with the charlie sheen ads
they love me boo. I'm like mystery mix they wanna figure out my flavor
I am so ready for Summer to get her!!
I kno you and adam had a wild realtionship im jinda in the aame boat I need out.just dnt kno how to get there can you emal
So what I'm getting from these Acura commercials is that Gulliver runs some sort of concentration camp?
#TGIF! Join us for a $5 martini to celebrate the weekend!
Aw. So cute. Thanks for sharing with us fans. Congratulations
Richmond is at the crossroads of interstate 64 and interstate 95. NYC is a seven hour drive north, with philly and DC closer
Just saw an ad for Duck Dynasty on A&E. They're no Billy the Exterminator.
that's a joke
um no.. Haha
idea for an app - track the people on twitter who use "amazing" excessively, and then filter them out. were you really amazed? really?
That's good news! Nothing worse than a permanently soiled rug!
This is the worse Black History month ever!
LA sun feels good. Never said that before.
The night we've been dreading forever... #OTH series finale :(
Black Ops 2 on November 13th? I'm game. *Remembers Halo 4 comes out the week before that & AC3 is the week before THAT* FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...
Cukoo cukoo ... im a little birdie too!
DId you pull out your T-Shirt for this season of #NBCthevoice?
OMG you love cimorelli too ? :)
Seeing is believing! Watch how we transform this artist public persona in six months #TopFamEnt challenge Call us 4135109199
Running with V today! Let's give a big hand to her who decided last minute to join me on outer reef (I'll make sure gets back in)
Watch today to find out if your orange juice is safe...I wonder if it's even juice.
U lose to the #Hornets, u deserve to lose ur job Vinny Del Negro... unless of course ur the.. oh.. wait.. you ARE the Clippers. Nevermind.
You are welcome:) Hope you are having a great day!
Any fool can be a Father, but it takes a real man to be a Daddy!!
Camping was a success. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
How can a woman with a mustache be on a "Toddlers and Tiaras" judging panel?
Just passed a Christmas tree farm in Indiana...there are a LOT of fields out here.
Another Day To Be Blessed<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>Not Tripping Off Of Yesterday!
RIP Whitney
Winner! MT A4 I think best, most sustainable *promo* is not to attract visitors, but get more downtown residents.
i mean, for the record, i am a stud. i think.
"I guess." you should be happy for him! (:
O with walkie talkies? Yes, it does sound a tad terrifying. Now visualized Hello Kitty walkie talkies
Finally watched "Terra Nova" pilot last night. Why did I laugh so hard when that guy was gobbled up by a dinosaur?
RT : Is what your living for worth dying for ?
am really enjoying The Red Leather Diary -- but makes me miss NYC... again.
Having to watch dumb cartoons with the kids you babysit
S/O to have a good night iight
nice view
Hooker ran 4 Assemblyman in 1853, lost by13 votes in CA. Future Ambitions? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Hey, he's Mr. Worldwide for a reason...artist, entertainer and businessman! DALE!
thank you :) i call this color mermaid.
PS Near perfect, and you'd love it. And reinforces your point. ;)
Plans ruined tonight. Now I get to hang with the rents.
after the show! I'm in like the middleish now. Lol
highly doubtful ma'am... starting to not trust other females except my niece
A beautiful human being
RT Channing Frye suspended one game and Jason Richardson fined $25,000 for altercation against Indiana Pacers on Saturday.
Do not count the lakers out of shit!!!
that "yes ma'am" so made my night!
A cause a day keeps reality away. -Jim Fraser
yeah but the night before was to fun
Pinada gone for season!!
A FEW GOOD MICE AND MEN #moviemashups ?
I would be the best bouncer.
Just because a person is out of sight and out of mind doesn't mean that you stop caring about the person...
Got the apartment ! Hell yea !
Eastern conference alrdy done w/ their 1st round. Whoever wins between the grizzlies-clippers, nuggets-LA..wont make it out round 2 anyway
Lots of data, but one good article is Choe & Teplin (2008). Direct message me for the full citation.
because half the team is going off to the nursing home after the condensed season. Face it: the bench sucks and no real C
“: YOUR TWEETS LATELY ARE KILLIN ME" lol I'm so funny
You can get caught in Massachusetts with up to an ounce and they'll just give you a ticket.
It's amazing how many people neglect reading a book. It's the best way to stimulate your thought process. I recommend this 4 rappers.
come say hi to me at reggae fest<3
brings new meaning to Everything Included.
Is ur kitten a boy or girl ? :)
keep this up for all of us that are missing out!
Haas pitches a perfect fifth and the Brewers FINALLY get a hit on a single by Gantner. He's then doubled up. Still 4-1 in the 6th.
Greeny looks like a toddler learning to walk. Ain't pretty.
“: not impressed with Jimmy Johns.. PennStation is definitely better” I agree. I will take jimmy johns over subway though
im waiting hahahahahahahaha
loving the pic u r so sweet <3 much love jared <3
I'll knock out 5 haters of the est movement and tattoo you got laced the fuck up if you DM me. I have a question.
They are way over rated!
thank you for receiving!! Love you!
Strong turnout at the Craven County convention today. All fired up for new leadership in the Governor's office.
Put some ice on it.
What a BITCH!!!! How ignorant is this man??? How you gonna get your kids to do that to there mother??? This fool must really be needing
How do you know if your child is playing this week? thanks
I see a cabinet post in your future ;)
Build a Greener Block in Downtown #LasVegas April 28 & 29th... Stay Tuned for details...
Ah I loved it, I want to stay up all night and finish the book
When you dont know who to trust anymore ... <
RT : Keep buying local. Online, offline, black Friday, cyber Monday, purple Wednesday...
secrets, if u ain't get it
San Diegan launches bid for Presidency. Seeks to disrupt party politics & bring voice to independents. Follow his journey
lovely avi :) . follow back :)
which mall
confusing in what way?
It's your great song writing ability that makes it happen :)
please follow nice job
It ain't no woman, flesh, or blood it that's damned ol rodeo.
Adding Sheets by Damien Jurado from the album Caught In The Trees. Love this pandora station
#3WordsForYou You're my everything<3
Ironic Dietz and Watson is on ice sponsor in Philly because starting tomorrow some of the Flyers will be working at delis all over Philly.
RT : I think people who take over a conference room when they know it's booked should be water boarded to be taught a lesson
yes come claim your 2.50
I hate being alone @ night.
What a day
HTC One X, Canon DSLR, budget speakers make their mark
"Let him in Now! No Pass Laws for the Dalai Lama".
lol that was hilarious
and for the record, clearly won the "name the artists on the cover" game by a landslide, ha.
Nice #eyecandy yummy guy without shirt.
Okay Midwestern fans help us?!?! Weve tweeted #1DtoOmaha nearly 1000 times but any tweets would help!!
Dear Shawna, YOU IZ MY SISSY & IT SHALL STAY THAT WAY TILL ETERNITY. I talk to you the most out of all ICONiacz.loveu. Love, Tatsiana
say isn't that basically the idea behind the in-house institute? :)
Thankful for a good job that allowed me to get a new car today finally...drove mine til the wheels fell off...well almost
“: (fill in the blank) All I want for Christmas is _________!” #Ravens Superbowl Victory #ballsohard Diploma
Hey babe! awe thanks! you are beautiful aswell! Hell yes i am so ready! RT Hey beautiful!!! Happy almost #TGIF!!
I Missed You Too :D How Are You =)
Idk how this baby bird got in my house tho
T-5 MINITES GUISE :)) the best of luck to all of you <3
- haha did you mean ? Thanks for the mention!
Details on the gobbler!
Sounds awesome!
100th tweet:) dedicated to I <3 you!
Today will be great !!!
Addicted to Flipboard and use it almost always on iPad, but iPhone version is SO well done, each entry seems like a little focused jewel.
if L'ville players were bigger and made better shots this would be something to watch.
Definitely - Do It! Aaagh, gotta go!
I think I have a bad SD card
“Yeah, unless not being able to…was your destiny, too…also!” ~ Caitlin Dobbs (Subjected: Eye of God)
Hoping one day my roommate will get his own life and stop living through mine!!!
Yay for barely any sleep last night... NOT! Omg I'm so tired,I just wanna lay here /:
#Lady Antebellum great performance for opening night of one of, if not the BEST sport in America- #football!! Go #NewOrleans #Saints!!
Enjoying the tweets from #devcon11 sounds exciting!
Eastern Bank CEO Rich Holbrook to appear on "CEO Corner" Sunday at 8:30 p.m. w/ Great 30 min discussion!
ha! that does sound like a great mud-wrestler name. :)
Go Pack Go!
You're trying to get me banished from Twitter again, just when I found a parcel of land to till.
Loving this lecture showcase!
Poor guy!
Good morning! We open for lunch at 11:30.
So glad to have been part of it! “: Season 7 is winding down. Only 4 days left....” btw: Just planted my heirloom tomatoes.
You did amazing<U+2764> blow my mind each week.
haha no worries. Glad to inspire regardless. Take care!
Working our SocialMediaPlus booth at PhillyConvCtr promoting ExecEd programs. All part of my plan to eventually become a car show model!
Not the coldest...but Big Sean be holding his ground on singles though
Orientation begins today in #madrid ... so excited for our students!
OMG. IM SO PROUD OF YOU! #SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING!!!!!!
So excited! Working with design to create new eGovPortal user interface. Who's want to know more?
Just pre-ordered you book! Looking forward to it!
I'm getting a little better day by day
those hackers all look pretty pale (read: white) to me. Where's the ethnic diversity?
Kind of obsessing over "Payphone" & "Both of Us"
Why does the weather always have to tease me??
I love behance!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.Cicero
Amazing underground artist - myspace.com/onezsharp
Republicans--if you want to reduce the deficit, stay out of endless Iraq wars. It cost us $1 trillion and you didn't pay for it.
ugh I know!!!
Geez, Carly your slow :p
ah, thx. don't know why, i had thought it was tonight. anyhow, had prev plans but will really *try* to go wed. /cc
I hope my baby feels better. <U+E408>
love those guys
U ought to scuba dive especially with my money back guarantee to get underwater w/ happiness and joy. Better than anything at disney
RT : You've just inspired me to make a donation for the mothers wanting to focus on the children they already have.
What a workout
don't you just miss high school?!
BLESS! RT : Greetings, One love. Its coffee time + Brain Food nuttn rude! Give thanks.
ON MY JOURNEY HOME a gr8 handbook for the c/g during/after a end of life event! ALL from the pt.s point of view a GR8 read!
Its 's birthday :) RT : 45 minutes until April 24th, just saying. ;)
Feeling motivated
Thanks for the RT Christina! Have a great Thursday
Really?! Wow!
20-6 with wins against who? They havn't beaten a top 25 ranked team. Just Sayin
how should we celebrate our friendship? Pearl must be included before he takes off too!!:(
What if we talk to the opp. team for an hour when they try to leave BP and wear them out before the game?
#AddaBoy! Cream and Crimson got it done tonight!
it's cold here in Washington
My students hadn't heard of Pavarotti and called Kermit "Hermit the Frog." But the point of being true to your own voice was made, I think.
lol sorry thats facebook being stupid
Lets rock tonight (:
250 #FREE biz cards based in #Lexington, MA! I checked out & you asked for credit card & $10 bucks to ship. #Boston #Worst SCAM
Thank you Frozen Four visitors to the D for helping us set a new attendance record at the Ford Rouge tour today!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
But if Walker can make this all about collective bargaining/unions, instead of his way of "ruling" he's got a shot of winning the recall.
Catching up on work this Sunday afternoon!
Came 2 Charlotte NC today for my brothers #NascarTechncalInstituteOpenHouse today(: &now were @ a dirt track in Stanley NC called #EastL ...
yay I'm glad it went well! (I know I'm late)
Hi Dave! Happy baseball season :) Who's your team?
we won because balls wasn't there and Marty was!
Jus got super excited Walkin into this giant thrift store.
Just saw at So great to have a celeb of his stature inn #SRQ doing good things for the community and is accessible
After a fun night out my brain likes to wake up at six am. My husband won't let me leave the bed! Glad I have an entertaining phone.
Fasten your seatbelts boys and girls.
Wonderful tweets! Looking forward to our next #TEA TASTING!
I just want to be married to Zach Porter already.
I always appreciated the Wimberly! Also: they had Einstein Bros coffee (though I think it might be DD now). Other hangout: Hillel.
thank you!!! Let's gig later this year
Saw the Avengers yesterday (awesome movie!) and then Game of Thrones last night; that's media-riffic!
Speechless... RIP Adam Yauch... way too young.
indeed, you did!
so whats the post-college equivalent of prom weekend? seaside? wildwood?
just do that
Off the the #Allurebeautylounge for makeup madness!!!
you forgot phil!
IMO they'll let things settle for a bit. Knowing the braintrust-mining for deals won't stop
The change....
Why do so many people think it's fine to carry on loud cell convos in public places? The world isn't your reality TV show. No one cares.
Sorry to hear, hope you get back on the courts soon
I'm all over it - sent it to my son - he works for Burger King!
Core of my teaching philosophy = "you are more than just a question" #libteachthis such a great day for big ideas! librarians rock!
Great job by making sure all the #Brewers came out in fashionable order during Opening Day intros.
Chillin dancing in the kitchen waiting on this water to boil.. What you on?
I'm sure I will watch some games =)
Can we get a #HOP for Chicago Snubs not hiring Ryno to coach?!!
Just saw the Smile music video! Holy shit I loved it! So fucking awesome! Avril's the queen!
#AssistiveTech peeps: How are your districts dealing w/ demand for #IPads ?
Wait till TeBow plays Bmore or Pittsburgh in th play-offs! They'll b picking pieces of him out th grass till spring!
nice thing about working at home is that i can sit on the couch with the tv on cbs all day
Stress urinary incontinence is the most common type. The root cause is weakness in the pelvic floor muscles which support the urethra
economies of scale are weird. Everything same sized bottle + cotton cheaper than correctly sized bottles. Bigger = better!
Really to see my baby then
Judging the Webby Awards on a Friday night (deadline for IADAS member voting is tonight). Seeing some interesting sites.
The Hold Steady are playing the Braddock Library in Pittsburgh tomorrow. A wonderful convergence of two of my interests
Just finished packing for Vegas - #TAM8 here I come, ready or not!
Have we had a buzzer-beater yet this tourney??? Have we?? Do we need one?
i'm about to take some now c:
I see move ahead with the mix tape. Everyone else is mad because they didn't think of it first.
Gettinn ready w. My bitches
No arrests have been made in connection with search on #birdman home. Sheriff's office calls investigation "active and on-going"
"It was 1982 and my Flock of Seagulls haircut was ticking her chin..."
Rule No. 1 - Tweet stuff that only you can share.
Jus landed n new orleans yuhh
The rough mix sounds pretty good. It's solid and rockin!
These presentations are giving me some interesting ideas on how to approach collaborative projects with the Digital Humanities at UMD
finally got tweetdeck
definitely. At least a utility belt.
that looks good.. :'(
"peanuts 2a elephant" Album out Today!! In-stores and on the Black top hit me if u need copies? Fast!!!
Chipotle never disappoints
okk I know your gonna RT this, because I stand outt of those 9million fans,(:
People who give advice are probably not taking it themselves.
Omg yes cinnamon bun cake!!!!!! I'm in heaven
Happy Birthday to all of our Twitter friends who will celebrate their "special day" in March :)
#LastTimeIChecked You want the D.
Have to remove from my feed reader. They improperly used the word utilize in headline. My #unforgivable grammar sin.
Only 17 days to go until the Premiere of "H20:Suply and Demand." See you on the Red Carpet!!
Your pinky is the smallest finger but it's capable of holding the biggest secrets.
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY to my Naked Health friends! Being British how could I miss this day. Let me know how I can inspire you to g…
Heading to the airport!!:)
wait... In memory DB with an fsync per second almost perfectly describes redis.
you is GAY
So sad someone I loved listening to as a kid has just passed. #TheQueenOfDisco just spent her #LastDance #HeavenKnows R.I.P.
You have to first have a soul of your own if you want to find your soulmate.
Should have worn thicker tights. Should've been born with thicker skin.
I've noticed an influx of redheads in commercials recently...not complaining, just an observation # redsaretakingover
((erm...mebbes ill stick to my reg account tonight? im gonna lose on this one plus twitter is being a bitch here))
The feeling of walking on your own in a large crowd is tremendous.
you're my role model. <3
thanks Rachel! When r u gonna buy me coffee now that we live in the same town again :)
Rany-Ryan Chell- radio-BAL. Would love to get you on & plug your O's column. Can we get u on tom? Email thx!
you are hell!!! lmfao••RT : Don't ask me to follow back if you are ugly
get a new hobby your obsession with gas prices has become to much
ya man trust me you did good but we lost our inside game an that's what hurt us. Head up Just focus on the next game.
{{{BIG HUGZ}}} Miss ya! I'm sending you a long email
Close it out Lakers!
how about that? We brought it back!
1 month till tour begins. This will be a life changing experience. Let's make the best of it man.
you're going to try to come up with a counterexample for that now and it's just going to be gross
Wont be eating till 11ish but all day is #TACOTUESDAY RT : it's awfully early for tacos! Lol
"Turn away if u could get me a drink..."
RT : Hard to know if FB fans indicator of voter turn-out. Predictor claim could be chicken/egg issue.
RT : There is plenty of 'fakeness' in real life, too.
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
hey:) we haven't talked in awhile:) how's life:)
I find my reviews are shorter of late. Dunno what that means.
how much of a librarian does that make the rest of us who are watching along as you read it?
FAVORITE is my favorite thing to do, if you don't believe me, check my FAVORITES
And just like that the #Blazers get hit by the injury bug, just a matter of time I guess
finally following its sweet perfection (aha see what i did there)
Hope your bday is going well!
i found myself un happy
Our most Insane Offer starts today at 12 noon ET!!
Thought u might like 2 know our global sim covers 195 countries! getting the word out to travelers that luv tech!
thanks! I will. “: beautiful venue. Enjoy!”
#Kentucky blue and #UNC Tar Heel blue are my two favorite colors but #nyknicks blue is gaining favor
1 year ago..Last May when I found out DJ Premier spun the record we did with Talib Kweli..I about fell out my computer chair..
<-----THIS WILL MAKE YOU TOOT IT & SCOOP IT;-)
Happy Mother's Day! <3 :)
Going to be a long day. I've got building coverage so come say "hi" tonight in OM.
So turns out i may have an infection in my eye!
I just watched President Obama slow-jamming the news on Fallon last night, and then returned attention to the Ohio House...and cried.
I scream, you scream, we all scream... For beer. Lol, i love work sometimes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I didn't know Santa played the Sax. RT : I see nothing wrong w/ comparing santas sack of gifts w/ rex grossmans sacks.
Ohh I see #Mahomies trying to trend #Mahomies !! Imma do it to(:
Show support. Chicago hip hop
Two and a half men would be 10x better if Charlie Sheen was still on it.
Bill Hanzlik just on, Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio at 8:05, and Elaina MacMillan 9:05! Only on The Score, Mile High Sports, AM 1510.
agreed! Love me some baby horse! I want to see a little magic tonight!
A few storms are bringing heavy rain, small hail and wind gusts up to 40mph to NE Ohio, including parts of Richland & Knox Counties.
So my 2nd annual Huluween went something like this:
if I had more followers I would tweet more
I hate mornings It's always boring
enjoying their free food
RT : 2nite @ Fox Hollow: PARTY & BULLSH!T w/ & the rest of the crew!
Acting like Harden wouldn't start over his ass if Harden was on the Lakers...
Doubled everybody's space, they did. And space rewarded for referrals.
hey johnny
Oscar Micheaux is my movie hero, and has given me such an inspiration for filmmaking
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
He is a loathsome, offensive brute, yet I can't look away.
Siri, Seriously: 10 Ways We’re Really Using Apple’s Voice Assistant [POLL]
EPIC show on Comedy Central tonight!! "Stoned like a Biblical Whore" fantastic
near Langham, but we just came back on. You?
Sketches done! Now for a quick nap before my early morning meeting.
I can see how something like that could have slipped your mind in the last quarter of million years. ;)
your amazing! remember that
#Awesome rehearsal tonight. Our gigs this weekend in #Birmingham will definitely #rock!
I plan on writing a short comic about me meeting god after my death. You should pencil the fuck out of it.
Happy Mother's Day to your very very wise Mother (I read her words!) and your beautiful wife
Obama is back where he belongs....
Just ate a Choco Taco!<3 it was amazing!
LOL!! Much love of MJ too.On that note, my sister from another mister smiles across the miles!! :)
you did a great job on msnbc, thank you and keep up the hard work, and fact reporting. stick up for us, and for wisconsin!
Its a good day folks...
: I did! Going again on Thurs.!
There is no fact than this more sadly sure – / The poor's best friends and lovers are the poor. (1850)
Miss seeing you! Come to Nashville for a visit!
Outer JAMMED approaching I-95 (College Park) - overturned vehicle blocking two lanes
Go #Lobos! Time to claim sole possession of !
not even mad at right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
In 2010, Illinois ranked 32nd among the states (and D.C.) in number of entrepreneurs per 100,000 adults.
I spotted some superheroes today!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Love u to death also! <3
Local Retro DTV station's depressing Ad sponsors: Funeral Ins, Rx lawsuits, reverse mortgages, replacement catheters, roach killers, etc.
Join us for a little Monday Funday action by the pool! Special bottle pricing for industry people and 2 for 1 cocktails ALL DAY!
So adorable!!! I love penguins! Amazing photo!
very tired!!!
That is what I am trying to figure out. it is moving fast so I would have to see it in recording to bring it back.
Peter de Seve came to see us last Saturday. Lovely fellow. And so gifted!
lines tonight: liverpool evens, chelsea -130. as expected, no prop bets to be found.
This year I will be voting for a president based on their opinion on the Outkast album Stankonia.
9-12 months? I advertise in the neighborhood newsletter. (cheaply)
So, I just watched Dragonheart '96 and it's way worse than I would have guessed.
JACK DAVENPORT IS ON SMASH? WHY DIDN'T ANYONE NOTIFY ME OF THIS? I'm blaming all of you.
You try NOT grooving to "Oh What A Night" in the grocery store aisles when you're having a great day.
Thanks for the mention, we can use all the help we can get!
Good for you!!
This week i´m gonna have TEST,especially on my birthday NO!!!!!
Oldest wine as in that remaining bottle from last weekend's collection that I didn't finish until now?
Take it to the back seat run it like a track meet
Stop feeding me bullsh*t and start being honest with me. I don't think that's too much to ask.
She say she fucking with me the long way She gon’ ride this dick I had a long day
I knoww. /; in his world only like 5 states exist..
just wait till United screws u on a reservation or something. Enjoy
I can't sleep ):
yeah I live on prospect in that little building lmfaoo
Hiking down stream 3 miles this morning on the Chama River. Wild country, awesome, beautiful place. Thank you Lord for this day!
Sent a message to Ray about the issue. Yesterday I found out that the planner is really a beta product. :(
U cant teach a hoe to be house wife either duh lls
Also it is important 2 work all muscle groups 2 ensure muscle balance. Muscle weaknesses/imblances r most common cause of injuries is sports
Who else cant wait til Tuesday?!?!
To be a twitter Grayson would be nothing short of an honor.
Love my bar gig until I wake up the next day and go to my professional gig.
No signal in clinton
and your light in the bathroom is blown!
So I had to make a new twitter.... absolutely no way to access my old one... yay?
Have a fun weekend, fans! Got anything good going on this weekend?
I wish Chris Martin didn't do all that yelping in the beginning of that live version of "Yellow" that always comes on Pandora
She's so hot.
RT : Tyra banks show taught me exercises to stay tight. i be doin that shit all day. #likeavirginagain ;) < lmao
Today's NY Times crossword gets an "A" for effort. The Bills get a "Y" for yeech.
Three stitches in lower lip; thanks dentist
One rule is that immediate family members should not give showers because it appears that the family is soliciting gifts....
First Michael Pineda to the DL, now Doug Fister. The Mariners have some kind of crazy voodoo going on right now
:))))RT“: Thank YOU and for having the guts to tackle sensitive topics with intelligence and compassion.”
All nighter :D
your right i've been slackin on my twatter game.. I'm gunna twat my fuggin balls off now
Can't wait for Sound by Design to set up our lights for PurpleLight tomorrow. I am so excited to see Milwaukee Purple!
Well, you already know!!! I bet you itching like a mug huh?
Still up watching crazy movies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> missing a certain somebody.
That tuition increase is crazy.
In New Orleans and the surrounding Louisiana Gulf Coast area, the predominant religion is Catholicism
We don't love to be loved; we love to love
RT : #upstream2012 self-control correlates to GPA's, test scores, popularity.
if it brings more in the open of people, will it show that you dont trust the ones around you, yet it feels like that 2 them!
thanks buddy
RT - Superbowl XLVI forecast: New England Patriots vs Philadelphia Eagles
running late for work is never a bad thing so to speak lol RT : Running late. Oops
stompin in them air force 1's
That's high praise from THE expert on the Jura! Thank you!!
If you love beer pong is it safe to assume you love beer? Because if so, we have lots of it!
Not surprising. They probably get a ton of proposals, many bad. I still say call them. Can't hurt.
I don't know I don't think I would ever cut out the sleep. That's where some of the best stuff happens.
Been up almost 24hrs time to lay it down
why am i so annoying haha
im not in town suckas.
a progressive visionary makes me want to work for United Health. @ blueplanetmktg
yeah, crazy day for La Cumbre with 2 Golds and a Silver.
Looking forward to the Breeder's Cup today.
Okay thanks!
We still have plenty of faith in you. "you're my boy, blue!"
I need my car, s'il vous plait.
Love yourself!!!!
cool I donk think Nike has put them out yet
About to get body painted for the first time... ^_^
FRIDAY FUN!!!! Caption this photo!!
tenth graders in pittsburgh are already taking there PSAT wow time is fast.
FAI was wonderful. A delightful collection of people and music. Now onto CD proofs and booking! Happy Monday everyone!
we finished recording today!!!!!! new Tic tocs music up soon!!!
So he showed a bit of progress, but not that much. He doesn't have much power either.
- I'll check it out. Thanks for the suggestion!
Is it cool to constantly post stuff about smoking weed now? Cause too many people do it. I don't care if you're high. lol
Mixed Emotions Like A Mf
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. <U+0096> Charles DuBois
Thanks! Good luck with that werewolf!
Simply put, it's too damn early!
Make sure to read our Friday Facts! blog post about Branchiootorenal (BOR) Syndrome! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
wonder why in the hell u stop rapping???
Finishing David Mitchell's latest just as the box containing Franzen's latest hit the front porch. Switching gears: from Shoguns to suburbs.
I thought you were a comedian, like Jack Handey.
The packers are fan owned, the public house is member owned, and Wisconsin is people owned. Sign the petition. Walker, get owned.
duh! Miss ya too babe
is it too early to drink? LOL
#know12 ServiceNow keynotes about to kick off this morning. First up, founder and Chief Product Officer Fred Luddy.
black berry I've never liked .. Ppl who like encrypted messaging and the keyboard like it :)
Headed back home this weekend. I love Vegas but Trampa keeps pulling me back in
Campana what the fuck? Youve got to be fucking kidding me. This is fucking ridiculous.
Drving on a one lane highway in between two semi trucks going 40mph in the rain.
Wed, September 28th Come to SET IT OFF! W/ Special Guest Patent Pending for $10adv ALSO APPEARING: Burn the Charts, Six Stories Told & more
What's your flamenco superpower?
Yeah... I still jam to Pink Floyd.
at least summoned understands
& are at the a2 International Education Fair at the Hilton Hotel, Istanbul from 13:00 to 18:00 today!
Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
LMFAO tn at Mansion! Free admission on my guest list before 12:00...send all names to 786 282 9112. It's going to be a
I meant the "to" as in comparison haha
Now playing Mi Gente by Hector Lavoe
Lmaoooo ! Today was fun in health ! ( :
hey C! I have my Scott blakeman class tonight.. having trouble writing material :-(
Risk all over taking a digger.
How is it?
Had an amazing power day with Steve Linder. Not sure who learned more, him or us. I feel the laws of attraction at work.
Cooking up a cinnamon & clove infused simple syrup to spice up my Old Fashioned drinks.
“ it never fails.. I'm always hungry right before I go to bed.”
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
yes. i love it
We recently launched an all new Photo competition on our Facebook group
Hey Kate, thanks again for writing the article. Great hanging out with you in Gettysburg!
Did u know a "jiffy" is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. So Jiffy Pop popcorn is just a little exaggerated huh?
Food Fact of the Day: Mar 20,1602 The Dutch East India Company was established and the Netherlands granted it a monopoly on trade with Asia.
will do!
Go for it! way 2 b a trend setter!
that would be awesome - hoping to see you in New Orleans instead though! Have fun out there...tweet some photos! :)
Atlanta Thrasher reference on the post game in the conference finals... even more proof the Mayans may be right
I like your face.
Mar 1952: Every night Churchill read the political part of the newspapers. "It was his contact with the ordinary man."
Like the #MNTimberwolves trade...get a vet PG (Daniels) with championship exp. to mentor Flynn, and also future 2nd rd pick and cap room
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet =]
I'm bored and tired of being on the computer
If I could retweet twice I would
If it's gonna take forever, then forever it will be...
Hey <i>ladies</i>.
Merry Christmas, peeps!
If time is money....are ATMs time machines?
vege meatballs in kitchen sink salad with pesto!
Sometimes it makes me sad when my eyeballs work
My brother is the most dirtiest nigga ever, he doesnt know how to clean after himself -__-
you looked super amazing at that fashion! Everyone i know loved your dress
About to check out Eddie Palmieri with Dafnis Prieto at the Mayne Stage in Chicago. I know it will be an excellent show!
If no one has an accident, vomits, or spills food in next few hours, all of our clothes-save what we're wearing-will be clean soon
The new shows on tv today honestly dont compare to the shows when i was younger
crew LOVE
laying in bed just like Brian Wilson did
OMG! i love this! hahahahahs gkjsdnbfgikjsbgkjsd EMIE i love you
Listening to "Bill Johnsons Wonder Emporium Today" with on
i really learn alot about how the autocomplete functions of our brains work-absolute brilliance
I BEAT THE PIZZA UP. UP, UP, UP. I BEAT THE PIZZA UP. LOL
Goin To The Cubs Game Tomorrow, and The Sox Game Friday Great Way To Finish My Stay Out In Chi Town
Cleaned up the apps on my #iPhone. Deleted a few, consolidated a lot. Already feeling more productive today!
Hey : We go through about 150 sharpies each year signing Colorado Firefighter Calendars for Children's Hospital!
Watchin D Will Press Conference.
I know how to hold a grudge,I can send a bridge up in smoke
Ready to check out the #SFIMA holiday bash tomorrow night!
Wow! RT : 10 million Angry Birds Space downloads in less than 3 days! Thanks to our fans!
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply? Please? :{)
Erytyme I say 2 sum1 "I'm fat." n they say "dnt thnk tht way." I wnt 2 say "I said I'm fat bitch, I never said I was ashamed of it!"
Heading to t. O
Thank you so very much!
Conference call with Paul Fisher today... man he makes me nervous. Like I'm in front of greatness.
FROG BROTHERS!!!!
It is really hard to focus on work, knowing that tomorrow I'm going to be $640 Million richer
Outside views are important and necessary.
should we chat before Sewall-Belmont next week? Looking forward to asking you questions!
Chicago Cubs Babbie Chi Town
The moment the mouse battery dies while you're drawing a free form object!
My interview comes right after Jack Canfield.
the prob w/ self checkouts are a) they assume you are trying to steal and b) people are idiots when it comes to tech.
No way....that hi?
What thing makes you most humble? Why?
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the presence of faith.
Ugh. You were sick for a whole week? I was out for two days and couldn't stop feeling sorry for myself. Glad you're better
Well ohkay die! Then
Are you n the ferry?
's networking event, tonight at 's with was Wunderbar! Mucho FunO w/Italian's & German's!!
happy birthday man. Hmu sometime
No surprises here! But we still want some of that deep fried lasagna.
I dont want your money i just want your trust and love
RT Great quote "Let us never confuse stability with stagnation." ~ Mary Jean Le'Tendre
you want a true intern you found your match. Trust me.
A crowded subway platform is DEFINITELY an excuse for a full vocal warm-up.
It has just been raining and raining for the past few days. When will the rain turn into snow for X'mas?
All schools will be closed next week. Central offices will be open Mon & Tues but closed the remainder of the week. Happy Thanksgiving!
I could really use a concert right about now but i have none comeing up :( i could really use one and a hot stranger to look at, not for ...
the birthday vids for jenn (jennxpenn) have to be sent in by 12:00am tonight!!!!! hurry. :D
what's/who's your inspiration?
When I sleep late and take two naps and im still tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
R you f kidding me??? Lakers bench is terrible!!!!! No chemistry whatsoever playing together.
Congratulations to #BCHockey Men's Team for winning the Hockey East Championship over Maine. Good luck in the NCAA's!
I Wish Would Notice Me.
as The Situation? Priceless!! Also, finally get to see some in this epi!! FINALLY
Got a babysitter lined up for New Years? If not, get to it! GEMINI is playing at Bubbaz Plainfield on NYE!! 10p start time! Don't miss out!
Pretty good day for Thursday!))) lots of great memories for sure!))
No liq 4 me tonight, think I'm jus roll up & roll up & roll up....
if you could please stay out of my relationship that would be amazing. bye.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged w/ battery.
Time to start thinking about getting ready to go see Guys and Dolls at the #Carmel Performing Arts Center.
just had the weirdest dream. someone told me they were growing unicorn eggs to eat them and hallucinate. psychedelic shit right there.
Thanks for the mention!
PAMELA'S
Avoid buying on impulse at the bulk store.It’s not saving when you’re buying bulk items you don't need.
just chilllin you know the usual lmao and how was itt !
Planets aligned and 1) My broom stood up by itself 2) My dogs got into a fight 3) Packers had an "active" free agency
finally made it to Inside Marina City -- liking seeing Julie on the wall!
Emoji - ing with <U+263A>
Nope Im On Twitter While My Bro Playing Call Of Duty MW3
DJ Nate will be in the house to night from 9 to close!
Lol..u ready?
Haha the dance moves were sick though!
i swear i could live in your arms, and spend evey moment i had with you.
Dodgers...Angels...how sweet a series would be =)
Damn now I gotta put a hit out for your head.. just throwin money smh..
dude I'm about to find my old mini disc recorder and create a banger right quick lol
A year ago today I scooted up to Vancouver, B.C. for the starting line of Scooter Cannonball Run.
Have fun wish i was there! RT tweeting on behalf of from 's Community Resource Exchange.
On the hunt for a solid Mid level Unreal3 coder to work on a bad ass new fantasy shooter. Anyone interested???
Nobody has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
Best part of 's "All Through the Night"? At the end, when she forgets the lyrics and sings Doctor Who as a fade-out.
We are
Happy B-Day buddy, Love ya:)
RT : great meeting u! We will have to make something happen. // absolutely!! Let's grab lunch soon.
Jaguar game!! :)
Permanently delete your account?
is an amazing #Mom, #speaker, #writer, #yoga #lover, #passionate to help people kick start #healthy sustainable #eating habits.
Mr. T pities the fool. #ChuckNorris rips the fool's head off.
“: Box of wine nd endless ciggs before my accounting presentation #normal #dontjudge #imperfect” too perfect for u klecs
Decided to take today as recovery after a decent session with the ever improving ! Watch out mma scene gbelite is comin for you!
Q3. Twitter is a great way to stay on top of library trends. It's where I first hear LIS news, often.
Did Mike jus kiss some white dude on the lips after he knocked out Berbick?!?!...I'm jah confused!!
I NEED SOME TEXTING BUDDIESS !
but leaves without my plate....
Be sure to let us know when you plan your Old Twitter Babe Calendar. :-)
The photography exhibits are one of my favorites.
- Awesome! Could come by and scout it this evening before 8 or tomorrow before 2pm?
What is your dream summer? -PT
What up doe
Beers in Cambridge with the most awesome and good times!
I miss the summer when lived with us :/
With getting ready for this game
what have I done to anger thee now?
Okay thanks. I somehow ended up on a page that said it was over. :(
Breakfast foods always smell so good unf.
Hmm what color should I paint my toes ( :
<< So good to see everyone! Fun event!!
yeah it did lol. either way those books are BORING haha
Hands on Fire! Rocked the Seattle center 1pm Next up 3pm outside
ok the internet is acting slow
Thank you for the RT.
It was AMAZING!
I use to be filmmaker before photographing NDN cultures. Lately, I've been shooting stock video clips on Amerindians.
this isnt my night :'/
The harmonies of the I~Threes are Superb!
*internet high five*
y'all Kennedy Center was a blast !!!
So I think I'm going to all him out
I could walk to your house and lay in the sun. :D
I'm GREEN with envy...
excuse me I'm still on my period.
PBS KIDS Leads February TV Ratings with Top Four Shows among Kids 2-5
I kinda need all the chocolate to keep me sugared up and sane. hee hee!
Alright folks, time for bed. Somebody fix the world while I sleep, I deserve better.
Chris Brown is #Dope (y)
2011.08.01 #Brewers 6 #Cardinals 2 | Seven in a row / Crew explodes for 5 in 5th / to keep streak rolling.
that not what the story says, it says he would be traded for #1 pick to Deron Williams' Nets not for Williams
If You Gonna Be Rappin On Twitter, At Least Have The Mouth To Say It FACE TO FACE When U Get Confronted -______-
YES OMG ON FX
Can this lady leave....like now?
Someday we'll look back on when the internet was both accessible and free.
Imagine that, MJD in second round ...
I got my life and career and school to worry about. No time for bs at all.
Gotta book my ticket soon to go back home... Can't wait.
Paint The Town!!!
The greatest use of your life is to invest it in something that will outlast it.
My Birthday is tomorrow!!!!! :)
Good Day All
Working on a dubstep cover of "a forest" by the Cure.
CALL: There's no power found in victory without experiencing the pain of defeat. RESPONSE: Give me the chance to find it.
Leading a tasting for Brooklyn Republic vodka... Free shots at Columbus circle wines and spirits
If you offer nothing, you shouldn't expect anytthing in return
Deep bow to & Eric Lawson specifically for great hospitality and interviews today in the sun in Chandler!...
My bitch Dynish Birthday is tomorrow.
Taking bets on Peter Onuf's choice of tie -- Will it be the Dec. of Ind. or T. Jefferson Portrait?
lol hell yeah .
You those dude's who don't have a legit comment or question, but really just wants to say something to talk ...From 12-1:50p.
missed you too, girl! (:
yes forever & always <3
i need more followers
most can't or won't #respect someone who utilizes their #creativity by calling them #dreamers, well dreamers turn them into #reality i am
Sneak peak of designers on ": see me on Fox 59 at 9:15! Showing some looks from a few designers for Midwest Fashion Week"
I think we are playing a party tomorrow night in Houston. I don't even know.
Crash I-205 SB before the #Gladstone exit is all gone...still left over slowing between the #Milwaukie exit and Gladstone.
I HOPE YOU GET DIVE BOMBED BY AN EAGLE ON YOUR WALK TO WORK
your the awsomiest persons I have ever met
Been going to sleep late three days in a row ha
At my house, cat claw clipping is *always* followed by catnip. Felix used to come running (to me) when he saw/heard the clippers.
80% of people dont use the word of knowledge ot evangalize!! Its sad how many dont preach about the word when evangalizing
just say no
Leo's last job was here at Baruch. I wish he was still here...
yes, ask Greg @ 941-232-6892. tell him you got his number via tweet.
thanks for the shout out! You guys rock on and enjoy the IPA!
We watching da game n he cum up here lickn us lol
Just wondering if I subscribe to Cosmo will I get the Cosmo for Latinas issues? I only want Cosmo for Latinas
I got exited about it & my mom had to kill da mood :(
Yes, it is hard core cardio!! Love it though...
im pushing through to a new level.. it feels good..
#iamsimon Keep on keeping it real! Holla!
Spillin while I'm sippin i encourage you to try it
Right behind ya!! Back in 45. RT : Back in the 317!
RT : "Hope for Haiti" telethon Friday night. Remember, autism doesn't stop at the U.S. borders. Let's continue to keep......
FREE SHOT! FREE SHOT! FREE SHOT! Buy a drink & get a free espresso shot!
I found it fascinating, Richard Neville said, I was intrigued by the mixture of entertainment, spirituality...
You Are The Shit!!! Your Awesome! Follow Me!!! Please :)
Wingstop it is........food for thought and my tummy....
HoeLies# 15: I'm not insecure.
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier. Do you have one in mind yet?
hahaha. i think you may be right.
QUICK WHERE WERE YOU TEN YEARS AGO I was watching Vitamin C's "Graduation" on MTV and being nervous about going to middle school.
I am so addicted to #Twitter and going out in #Albuquerque !!
“: Shane duricko is probably having a hissy fit after he saw that dude shove Michalek” Too busy knitting and watching bowling
Happy New Year Everyone!
Leave it alone .
Way to go #Obama, thanks for finally facing one of the most pressing civil rights challenges of our generation square on! Let's do this!!!
stop offending me. I just wanna live my life unoffended! #cryfest2012 LOL
HA! No, just garden variety PC gremlins, but let's all just say it was the #SOPA blackout. ;)
Having 4 classes in a row with :)
#20thingsaboutme 9. I didn't like American Idol until made me watch it when I stayed with her near the end of season 10.
Sure wish someone would let me borrow their phone. .
lol, i want you.
put out some good #music & tweets and you shall be RT'd and FF'd accordingly. ;) I do appreciate the #shoutout, homie! Xoxo
Thank you! On bedrest after IVF transfer and so worried! Life is tough sometimes!
Congrats! RT Two weeks from today THE FOUR-FACED LIAR premieres on cable! Details to come...
South Dallas Swag was the Shit . Lol
Thank you my brother. I'll give you a call before the end of the week.
Who watched the #Grammy's last night? I'm lame and didn't...Highlight reel anyone?
a sneak peak of the new teen wolf.tyler as scott trying to stay calm while getting hit with balls.RT IF YOU LIKE
So awesome to have you on board
New solution for economic recovery, elect Tom Brady's right arm to be Treasurer. (Tweeted by the committee to see what Tom Brady CAN'T do)
sending energy and support!
"12 Play" is a classic, though!!!
Aha(x
wow MTM. That is a lot of rite of passage activity. So sorry about ur aunt, L will b great big sis, Congrats on work, cheers & xoxo
Mighty good look there
me too! SMH
this bitch talkin bout time to go to work.
everyone's a self-promoter...there are probably oil paintings of him too.
DO ANY BODY LIVE IN LINCOLN NEVER BEEN ??????
If promises are meant to be broken, they shouldn't even be spoken.
You would both remember the movie. He played a bad guy/crazy guy, but in a funny sort of way.
- Sounds good. I got your email. I will hit you back.
You got it. Good luck to your NFL team! Mine is the Saints...Who Dat?
Alaska Airlines, Row 1 or Row 6?
what exactly is your ff name? Haha i stick to millejac for that exact reason
Woo hoo!! : Yes! twitter hugs! RT LEAN ON ME RT : What movie is this quote from? "I don't have to do ...
we felt it too!
I blame for telling us to BYOB.
tonight at 8PM. Can't wait!
I just want you to love me like the world's about to end, baby.
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky. ~ Rumi
Haha! For sure!
Um, microagression on stage about not being able to pronounce names. I can pronounce them just fine, thanks.
she got holes in her draws 6 ft tall, tall enough 2 play b-ball
its alright i still luv you
Birthday swagger
I hooked up w/ a secret service agent when I was on vacation in Aruba. Hence I'm pretty much 1 degree of separation from this whole scandal.
a social movement to raise money for a local charity. The version is a concert supporting HF-Twestival!
Are you that man that I can trust; love; respect; be proud of; be with forever and not give a second thought of?
I'd love to chat... I've been thinking about the rhetoric of blues singing for my MA culminating project. DMing you.
we're out of the Information Age, now we're in the Attention Age.
Ringy dingy! It is a soup kind of day! Or maybe you want an Burger delivered? Call 1-855-HUNGRY2 or wehaveyourfood.com
why baseball is better then football: 9 diff chances to buy a hot dog, in football you have 1- half time, and good luck with the lines.
This makes my day!
best of luck! RT Just got off the phone with my new SAA mentor. He: really nice and cool. Me: awkward but enthusiastic. Thanks
they are out to get YOUK! I'm pissed!!!
Damn that's 5 on Amare...bad foul on his part
Just heard the good news that a friend's open heart surgery was successful and he is out of the ICU. Happy.
hahaha. sometimes i just sit on cl and read the posts. "man looking for single hot female to change his diaper" smfh.
move over Giambi, here comes Hammel! Maybe the world is ending tomorrow....
#TGIF everyone! This is #FF say hey to Friends #Jamaica and the
So we should all ride together for the gang vocals duh <3
#FollowFriday for the funnies.
umm. That's why you take them off before you go to bed. Who sleeps with socks on??? Lol
That's sweet, & a very interesting name too :)
Yes sir. I'm here with him right now. I'm at Cabo in Palace Station.
From the Muslim world, coffee spread to Italy, then to the rest of Europe & the Americas.
Aw tell her I said cunoooooot lol!RT : About to go see my Tierra n her boyz....yay!
Wars against nations are fought to change maps; wars against poverty are fought to map change -Muhammad Ali (thx )
nah -- self entertaining.
that would be great!
They were missiles that used one of Corning Inc.'s most successful defense products of the 1950s and 1960s -- glass-ceramic radomes.
0 of the Big 6 publishers will sell ebooks to Even tho they wld be legally lent to patrons via
Cool 3.5 mile run this am- all ready for the
Any tips for dressing in the corporate world and staying fashionable?
thank you soo much, im soo blessed great family and friends. We find out Friday when Rena is do.
#legoland so needs a zombie world in Miniland!
oh sweet! Ill see you when I get out of class
yo wats good home u still have the same email.
Happy Halloween to parents & drivers. Be careful out there - there will be children out and they can be unpredictable. Go slow and be wary!
Stop on by the Whole Wellness Expo in Vegas tomorrow. Free admission at 3500 Paradise. We have a booth there - stop by and say hi!
Lol what a brother cant diet..im tryin to get down to 205..and the wings are the prob
There's an exchange traded fund with the ticker "PBR." Thought you would be amused.
Just finished #c25k week 2 run 1 with #GetRunning – 29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running. Next run: Wednesday 11th.
Man, I'm really hoping the story on MMAJunkie isn't true. You've worked too hard to get where you are. Good luck.
vote for Windows OS finally capable to do heavy weight lifting or backward compatible without loosing all plug-ins
just strolling
hit me up
hey trey..saw you followed my old account...this is the account i use now.....how have you been?
After 4 weeks of non-stop work- I, FINALLY, have a day to relax, slowly contemplate my notes from the weekend and put everythig into place.
Spring can't come soon enough!
yeah its been a ling time U didn't answer....abd yeah okay if U don't love them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
no have u?
mobiel application that allows you to take photos, apply 'artistic filters' to them and share them.
don't call my pumpkin I perfer catalope.
Lets Blues out www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
when will be here
I'm ready for #2012 to be the biggest year of my life
oh I DO feel special :)
then why you say it ?
having a final exam on the friday of Oaks day
A glass of red to numb the pain
we'll see - carissa's got me psyched about twitter! loving the suh stuff!
fab. i'll get the ball rolling asap!
i have a joke for this but it isnt appropriate for mixed company
I will see you there! The random sandwich and cookie will definitely not be the highlight of lunch.
The joys of home ownership: spent the morning learning plumbing to replace a leaky toilet… hooooraaayyy…
“: Graham still don't look right.” ya think...not gonna remember. Took him in once
feeling slicker than owl shit and not near as dusty
Sorry, FBI. If he had walked into "my" bedroom, I would not have made it to work.
CONGRATS TO JERED WEAVER!!!!!!!!!
Tryin To Do It To The Limit And Love It Alot....
I wish we would've did that trade to get ray Allen for OJ. At least we would've had a legit shooter
Don't forget to join 9Round at the Madison Mud Run this Sunday (5/19), registration ends tonight, so hurry and sign up!
#MusicMonday Need help with marketing and promotions to your fans? hit us up for more info!
Hi Jennifer!! :) How are you doing today? I'm busy w/book. Swear to God, this is the last round of edits. :)
Someone should hit me up
If there weren't douche bags... Would there just be douche all over the place?
Throwing random things at people & acting like it wasn't you.
Another afternoon at the pool, then dinner with at Firefly! Flying back to Indiana on a red eye tonight.
Thanks for connecting people with our content We really appreciate it.
As happy as everyone else was to see a champion, how sad it is for our staff that it's over! 3 years of prep to just tear it all down :-(
So many sore losers in Pitt. Love my #pens but flyers were better team. Suck it up. Stop with the crying. Playoffs are all about matchups
HEY MIAMONIQUE THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW... GO SEE MY MOVIE TODAY!!!
Grr. URL goofed up. Stay tuned.
My follower/follow ratio isn't where I'd like it, but I hope that will change!
Hokies with 2 HRs in the bottom of the 4th has tied the game 3-3. Still no outs as light mist now falling.
damn i need a kick back at byrons yo haha
Finally moving in on Sunday
Its a drink beer and listen to country music kind of day, all day
"Go for the moon. If you don't get it, you'll still be heading for a star." Willis Reed
good episode tonight. I have say it is difficult to call. I remember Melissa freaking out other shows. No surprise here.
thankss now i needa get to follow me ';D
cool cool lol :)
no problem! :) check us out if you ever need new headshots.
2008: kids was just bumping hands up. 2009: everybody tryna get a click. 2010:everybody want to be from a hood 2011-2012:eveybody shooting
part 2 is posted :)
Thanks for the follow! Love your website!
Damn Right!!! ": #HowToKeepYourMan101 if all else fails once again give him head it works lol #SSNation"
Here we go again! #nfldraft round 2
This girl is so fucking beautiful
happy record store day! thanks for supporting your local record stores and labels.
Interesting. But would adjuncts want to go out and start their own universities?
what's her handle?
my job pays very little so i had to wait some time before i saved enough and my father chipped in a little i had to pay most of it.
Sadly, I was so shocked by the event that wit failed and there is no photgraphic evidence. I shall endeavor to replicate.
that's the way to do it, little bro!
RT : If you own a bike in Cleveland, come out for the CRITICAL MASS BIKE RIDE Friday :)
Really awesome stuff. And thanks for the mention!
I have yet to develop the ball to do some things in life but in due time!
Nice work !
I have video tapes of me and on a robo trip when we were 16.
coincidentally that was title of my paper
thanks for following me
Thanks for the #ff!
Awe... one day later and I could attend.
The days of 'shoot us down'
The (very nice) MTA guys said to come back when rush hour was over and they might be able to get it then. Crossing my fingers.
Everyone have a great weekend and make sure to stop, and take a breather for yourself (as we say this mid-busy season.) ;)
Food trucks are at Carnival Cruise Lines Toys for Tots tonight
"We’re natural-born killers..." Really, ? I bet you're wearing a sweater vest.
What can she say? Siri likes her chicken. ;)
I'm in ghost mode all I do is sleep and eat
that would be nice
She will be loved....
damn...on the real, i saw u like 10 times with Mest, then i slowly lost ya when Mest broke up. Glad to hear your back!
Tragically, John Lardner never learned that JTF found him "very annoying."
wait till you see this blue sky video...
“ bouta die of hunger” no don't do it.
Goodfellas pizza with "it was a good day" playin is about as good as life gets.
People are having better experiences on mobile UI and transferring that experience back to the desktop.
": I might be a bitch sometimes, but I have never, ever lied to you."
I hate desperate ass bitches u look stupid....
<3 spoiling the ppl you know care the most, MAC$$$ doin it big, takin care of the ppl that matter the most!!! Newbury St-Boston-Friday
So close. Yet so charred.
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "Overwhelmingly consuming & brilliantly addictive" by Waddies
haha! A clean/simple PowerPoint is a happy PowerPoint - that's for sure! It's easy to make things too busy
people shuy=t up wit the flashin justin thing...okaii we all get it okaii it was the past so shut up it anoyying
Definitely. Most institutes probably will post openings for apps in late 2011/early 2012. Keep your eyes on the twitter stream.
oh what show?
Summer Short Courses have come to an end. Our Fall schedule will be up Tuesday. Enjoy your time between now and the start of the semester!
Now my movie messing up...smh back to Pandora i go
getting ready for the first NFL playoff game.
“Nothing excellent can be done without leisure.” ~ André Gide
Ooh these playoffs are good this year!
I know people that love their droids but I've had an iPhone for 3 years and I will probably never have anything else…
FOOD FUNNIES: Knock Knock. Who's there? Wanda. Wanda who? Wanda have another hamburger?
looking through all the mail in my apt, I came across condolence cards. I do not recommend re-reading them.
March Madness! Come check out the games on March 15 and 16 here at our Express office in Rochester. We will be starting around 11am and goi…
follow back!
big meetings today for domenicos bday bash and upcoming parties
is live at the Fishing Opener all morning on ! Listen to him on with anchor !
Agreed! & bummed to miss this year's festivities! RT : Hey We are loving the tweets coming from #ccbas!
Not a bad way to put it. Content has to be useful to work, and must serve our readers and users.
I wish nights like these never ended
Come to a discussion about Mifflin with Alder Verveer on Tuesday March 27 at 7pm at the Madison Senior Center, get all the inside details!
watch THE RITE..scare the heck out me
Thank you, and Jeff !!
You and your bigotry can go marry each other, North Carolina. Well, as long as your bigotry isn't a consenting adult of the same sex.
Bed time so I wake up nice & refreshed tomorrow & finish 2 videos I have 80% complete, Photos, backgrounds & write a treatment... Busy Girl!
RT : : "Have a gr8 day! > Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness". "
thats cool so how was the appointment with your boyfriend huh
The fact that Sessions doesn't start us mind blowing
Welcome to the #BBN You'll have the support of the best fanbase ever! You'll love it here!
Finally admitting that this syllabus is not going to design itself.
My tummy hurts.
i want to see mib3
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls Who take pictures with their animals. ;D
DONT WANNA STUDY BYE
Congrats! That's awesome news!!
u can do it
I just want to go to sleep... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
... ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
Drunk, wait that's not a tweet.
bbyyy. text me when youu wake up, I gots to ask youu something. (:
Final score from the AT&T Center, fall to Oklahoma City 2-1. Full game recap on
actually email and we'll tell ya how!
Trying to figure out how to append something before something else. insertBefore() ended up being what I needed
Annie Polland remarks that the success of the Tenement Museum programs is due to the dialogue between educators and scholars.
Great and I hope to see you there!
“Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world... Same world.” -Wayne Dyer
#haveablast best shave I have ever had... hands down.
How dare you say it's nothing to me? Baby, you're the only light I ever saw.
So... how are u liking the military? lol
2 days until #TwitterBaseball Game # 9 @ Whitey Ford Field !
f the haters!!!! they mad..if u and chris were twitter beefing wit each other they would be happy!!!
I got a valentines already
Was switching around games tonight, so I missed the non-existent brawl in Dodger Stadium. Kennedy better had been avoiding Kershaw on..
#BrandCOS Getting lists of words or phrases regarding what makes COS special. Give us your input using these different words: (next tweet)
blogging about Google's newspaper digitization efforts at monroeinfoblog.blogspot.com
Hiphop lyrics on my mind: "I'm not sayin I'm Nas here, I'm just sayin rap's dead when I'm not here." The Crazy by
RIP Dick Clark
Davis was obviously pushrd
Sweet! RT #USMNT received a call from President Obama congratulating #USA on win against #ALG & offering support of the nation
I'm not sure if I'm totally blown away by the new nano news. I'm pleased with what I've got right now.
Hope #texan bad pass D doesn't come back to haunt them in OT.
But his drive into deep left-center is caught. We're headed to the top of 4.
Workout done! <U+E404>
okay...someone get a sunbed with me? :)
loved finally meeting u boo <3
I would have welcomed "10 baby corgis explain why millennials are narcissistic"
Finally tuning into Jersey shore! Yeah
Learn all about and met then in the #momsFF Suite they've got some fun suprises for everyone.
love you too!!!
yes you are also a glass of wine!
way to go on your bike ride!
Coffee in Seattle is always fresh, and always delicious - come try some...
Over the weekend I got the book The Lucky One for 50 cents
Blade Runner sequel officially greenlit.
sounds good. you should swing by southern Indiana and do the same!!!
disagree with the article... what is left to say? Let it pass for the present. Fickell's silence is a good thing
Thanks for the RT Shannon. Such a crazy story.
Any word about Dr. Odell? I hope all is well, looking forward to his participation in the #SEAC2011"2 type or not 2 type"
NCVT bounced off of its low of .07 last week and surged to .27 cents within a week a 285% move!
you've got mail
Now available: VPS servers! VPS with control panel, and Premium shared hosting!
Follow today, new golf twitter
you nursing that elbow at the bar?
discordant-adjective discordant music sounds strange because it contains discords
Simple solution: Send Uribe to A and have Jansen switch roles with Guerra. If #Dodgers do those moves, they improve leaps & bounds.
hehehehe love you too bunny :-)
working hard to get to where i wanna be in the music industry LESS GO
at least I can say I stand for something; you and me we stand for something
Looking for an #arsenal win today and a Chelsea/Man U tie. I want the #epl season to be close to the end.
That was the single greatest thing I've ever seen on WWE programming in my entire life. just owned anything WWE has ever done...
#icantstandpeoplethat copying everything from my life. It's just bitch! you know? -_- Fuck them.
I had such a fun time last night with everyone! thanks so much for coming out.....
If you play #WoW and ur #horde. Message me so I can add you in game. Im looking for more LFR/HoTs friends. Heck even for pvp time!!
OnAAiR is sponsoring the 1 Million dollar prize for the hole-in-one contest at the Ryan's Reach golf tournament in Coto De Caza today!
I didn't bring it to you though lol
Call me crazy, but I'd rather makeout and cuddle then do all that sexual shit. That takes work... I don't like to work.
Roger Goodell is a smart man Finnegan is a thug and deserved everything Johnson gave him
going to explain?
You're unique..... just like everyone else
lol Ikr? I love her tattoo!
So bored!! needs to text me back!!
On Tweeter yA hello
Every day I tell myself I'm going to bed EARLY. But every night becomes one of the best parts of my day.
Also, as Dylan/Wilco fan, you may like "Simple Twist of Fate" cover by Tweedy solo.
Your Neice is Due TOMORROW !!!! :)
Big Ben’s guilt or innocence is not the issue for me he will have to deal with that
yall two are just so easy to love, it comes naturally :)
I'm the bull goose loony . . .
Agreed. But I wouldn't be surprised if they got a spin-off or something.
I Got A Love Jones For Your Body & Your Skin Tone
I'm still drinking the Kool-Aid.
gotcha understandable
You can think highly of yourself without being high on yourself.
what bridge is that?
I love barney girlfriend and that he is in love
Old books sitting around? WE WiLL TAKE THOSE TO! $$$
Happy Thanksgiving followers and friends!
Highly informed vs well informed… -
daughter-in-law, “Blessed be he of the LORD, who has not failed in His kindness to the living or to the dead! For,” Naomi #Torah 50/99
that's my birthday!<3 but, I'll be in Dallas for </3
Who cares.
Quote: "Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I've never tried." Mae West
I am just a grain of sand
I feel so popular today! :)
I'm afraid I'm pretty promiscuous with my apps -- especially those for organization.
But not in the city....Again!!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's my biggest inspiration and I love him so much. More than anything actually.
I hear a chinese woman cleans #levilowrey 's clothes...and that his grass is cut by Juan and Pablo. #levilowrey is an All-American
Tomorrows FRiDAY!(:
Final Colorado Girls Basketball Playoffs ThunderRidge 56 Cherry Creek 45
Psyched to be joining the team as Digital Fellow next week! What a great way to rejoin the world, post-#ITP style.
def didn't mean to retweet that stupid shit, but you suck nonetheless
Im gunna soak up the sun, im gunna tell every one to lighten up <3
should i be expecting a 'take notes eric church' sign at a concert soon?
Awesome. I'm going to Cairo in November. :-)
I think strategically how each solution fits the whole, but remember when systems weren't, just as often "learning" isn't now
ya haha your right I was watching a friend
Aw! Adorable!
Was told I look like by a guest today. I always wonder if they mean Lizzie McGuire Hilary or post Hilary.
I want my free cake!!!!!!!!! cough cough cough
I can't believe I passed my history semester exam, bueno bueno bueno.
idk im having a rough time figuring this person out tho, like i dont want to text them to much, I really want to call but im shy.
Find something you like or are passionate about. Its Freedom mentally, emotionally and in the future financially
Baby I fuxx wit u cuz of all the lil things u do:-)
Las Vegas HCG helps you lose 1-2 LBS a day. LABOR day sale 30% all orders over $45 - FREE shipping www.lasvegashcg.com
Just got home from anthonys night
Cannot decide on grabbing the fly-rod or completing the garden-)
Thanks! We need to catch up sometime, hope all is well with you
Trust me...
Listening to at the AG General Council preach on Haggai--good word!
I didn't know until today either. Seen him several times. A gr8 performer & personality.
had the best time at the tailgate..didn't even make it to the game! FAIL !! (Y)
I will b rockin the mic at the Indiana Ice game tonight @ 7:05pm! Come support ur local teams!
A slendid day to sleep in Dallas, Texas.... I'm outta here!!
The Clippers are the epitome of composure....(sarcasm).
I so came up with four configurations for high end computers, and gave each configuration a name (Smart, Intellectual, Elite, and Genius)
Taking time this season to give, not receive.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy...
A teammate says Lance Armstrong used drug enhancement drugs and it's Bike Week in C'Ville. Details on 19News Nightcast.
loved the poodle hair!
when are you announcing the winners of the #weddinginspiration contest on #pinterest? I can hardly stand the anticipation!
Got to witness #Discovery on the roof of my office. Truly awesome.
I got you
Enjoying surf & turf at the #BlueBloods wrap lunch party to end season two right.
Who's excited 4 this wknd's big game & the scrumptious game-time goodies? Tweet your fave #Superbowl snacks for $5 driving!
Hi Maxwell, I'm also in Philly- you can find us at Holt's Cigar Store on Walnut St.
FACE, nice lady, yer FACE
Every Sunday come on down to the Roanoke Rescue Mission because they need help. They would appreciate even an hour. #Givethanks :-)
somebody come thru for the wakey.
new blackberry ! hey hey
#foodiechats grilling tip - always clean and oil the grates before putting anything on the grill
That's not good D:
#ImAStanBecause eminem is an amazing dad
I have this week, and 3 days of next week until school is over! :D
I said that society is ass fucked. There's a lot of hypocrites and everybody is fake.
Happy Friday! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assists you connect w/ users & understand how brands are perceived.
Palladium International House is on floors 4 and 5
Wunderground says 100% chance of rain. Bright blue cloudless sky says, LOL wut?
Watching St. Elmo's Fire....middle aged Rob Lowe is much hotter than 80's Rob Lowe.
thanks Tim:)
come on #Packers!
Long night..
Don't hate me, but I like the Application Frame in Photoshop CS4 Mac because it helps with focus on messy desktops.
douche bag.
The Saints are such a mess... First they had the bounty, now they have the possibly wiretapping... C'mon now on guys...
shawdiii lol umm I say it as I saw it if u wanna continue this I'd appreciate it if u take it off my page thanks
I just noticed that I have the same number of tweets as I have followers. Perhaps it's a sign that I should tweet more!
I'm back on the llano estacado. For now.
Wanna <U+E311> up T-mobile! Glad I'm moving my services to AT&T <U+E00A>
Working on school stuff and bored out of my mind! :/
I love Austin Mahone and My friends miss me :( Sorry girls :(
I understood that it was all about the distribution network, so now my Q is, did Zumba go for it?
Volunteers needed 4 clean up & gardening throughout the park! Sat. Apr. 21, 2012 Enchanted Forest Elaine Gordon Park 1725 NE 125 St.
good luck you guys!
“: Yes, yes it will.. RT : ONE HOUR UNTIL THE HIGHLY-ANTICIPATED ANOUNCEMENT ! WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING!”y'all r killin me
Not sure why I like Sarah McLachlan. I like very little on her Pandora stream. Enya, Jewel, and The Cranberries? Ick.
BTW, you're mentioned in the project we're working on here. It's from and a secret. So pop back if you want a sneak peek.
for sure! my long lost friends 'Peace and Quiet' come by to visit me late at night ....
I had it as one word as first but couldn't remember if that was right so I changed it
I love this radio station. Led Zeppelin, Metallica, and soon followed by Journey. Thank you, DJ, for having great taste!
its a giveaway
Final Hours of the Cyber Monday Sale.
loved hanging out with today!
Who really gives a Fuck Damn
24 hours until the biggest basketball game goes down in ATL
awesome! Thanks for the info! I don't have cable (use Hulu) due to busy schedule. Will have to keep informed of such good deals.
That'd be impressive if you were referring to an oxford *shoe*.
Go like facebook page and get a FREE download of their song "Girl I Used To Know" more music on the way from them! :)
I hate having to choose a new ringtone.
"The only way to stop calvin johnson is to tackle him before the ball gets there" so true.
My hand itching.
So far my bracket is perfect I'm awesome
as of today I have spent more days on earth than jesus did, its a fact, look it up.
If you end up with crabs,be happy you're gettin some
I love watching people try to argue with a moron. They will learn soon enough.
Want to see the Discovery flyover from Arlington this morning? Long Branch Park and Gravelly Point are good places to watch!
For #Rent #HumboldtPark Apt Spacious 2 Bdrm 2627 W Division Hardwood Flooring, Small Pets Ok $900 #Cta Min to #Blueline walk to
#ImThatPersonWho wants to feel good about herself but I really don't know how to.
I'm hungry,tired, and mad...what a fucked up mixture.
Got a Poppa Murphy's pizza,then Trader Joe's.Twitter Y'all.
I wasn't alone. Who do you think took the picture. That would have been really sad....hahaha!
I definitely really like him as of right now, and I can definitely see myself loving him eventually.
You can run away with me, anytime you want.
"Prayer is my 5 minutes of time to speak directly to God" ~ Joy M.
Goodbye Detroit you won't be missed
'Justin Slays The Haters' Is he even old enough to buy anything to slay us with!?
Oh that was disgusting.
don't stop until you're done!
Awesome design background! good to see another MVC'r representing in SF. I'm from SIU.
i messaged you.. hurry up.. i need to wash my nappy head lmfao
The Washington Post story says a lack of information and fear is in part why black women die of breast cancer at a higher rate.
Nah, nigga. You're just blowing up my TL with bullshit, that's all.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Intelligence, a nice smile, a nice body, juicy lips, tattoos, "good guys", the way he dresses, scent, you and me :)
Who would have thought, 25 mins from Brooklyn, there exists a 3rd world country.
#Blizzard, you let me play the beta... NOW you tell me my graphics card isn't supported?
the trash bash was, trashy. Oh so trashy. Well I fulfilled my frat party requirement for my college degree.
The Brits have the best music.
#NP: Goblin x Tyler the Creator.
Enjoy and live life but remember there aré other people who live in it
ARRG! I'M SO SAD I MISSED IT. BEING SICK SUCKS BALLS!
Think I may visit the Bay area in Feb. anyone going to be around to hang?
This is a great post. When I saw the episode, I was horrified and repulsed by Tami's action. The ish is uncalled for.
Hahahahahahahahaah I do remember now .. he's funny !
Junior Seau&#39;s Death Brings Back Painful Memories for Bears Fans: A Fan&#39;s Take
How the hell was Jordan Taylor that far out of position on the B. Wood basket? A moving screen of course.
Jamesws - great talk on programming efficiency.
New song of the day "Don't Mess With Me"
“: White pants are in” I concur, Doctor.
Is anyone ever nice to ?
Watching the Vikings/Packers game and filling out a lease application...
#Derek, 's new TV show is not on air in USA,but you can watch it illegally online-like I did. It's not too good nor is it bad.
....and you have an awesome day yourself. Peace.
Happy Birthday today to MSG!!
I had the rather corny, stress-fueled realization today that I actually learned a lot this semester
#peopleiveseenlive the maine, this century, all time low, never shout never, the ready set, mayday parade, the summer set, artist vs poet
You guys it was a very spectrum day at the quilt shop, from crotchety grandmas to hipster craft moms. Wait. That's everyday.
#$houtout to my new followers
Random tweets!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I hope you have an AMAZING day. I love you so much (:
thank you for following me! I am looking forward to your updates.
on my way to the store
His number adds up to 7. He's batting 7th. He's playing left, which is 7 on a score card.
WIN COLUMN!
y do people think I'm easily distracted? OMG, SQUIRREL! NO, SHINY THING! NO, wait, what were we talking about?
no one gets remembered for the things they had, its the things we do, everything around you is future-trash, love more, do more
Late night Steak N Shake would seriously make this the best night ever.
"You are you and that is true, there's no one in the world who's you-er than you." Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
wsup wit it
Next up Jessica van der Stad of the Amer. Fdn. for Suicide Prevention and Dr. Steven Ornish of UCSD Dept. of Psychiatry
I think Return the Favor sounds like a Panic at the Disco song.
Inappropriate for the announcers to say that "Semin is all over the ice!"
serious??? Haha oh Americans r gonna struggle to understand me! Bikkies = biscuits haha or cookies for u maybe!
Black Keys concert tonight
hook up up
you guys know the song Hooker with a Penis was about ?
Confront your fears and engage Parade Magazine #Elvis collectibles!
Consensus is: 26 hours left until we have to choose the winner of New York. Tough competition, but we're feeling good
there lost lol your somethin else
#LakeShow Going Down Tonight!
how do you "pocket resign" in words with friends.
Some Justice when I wake up and I'm good to go.
TGIF - We finally have #Yankees Baseball to look forward to! ... Check out our "Five For Friday" feature on www.Chasing800.com #MLB #NYY =)
thank you this picture old
It's when I see pics like this one that I truly understand just how sexy Riley really is! #ICouldJustEatHerUp!
" Unbroken" is an amazing story. Is the film in production yet?
Got some great NBA series breakdowns coming from defensive specialist coming soon...
my lip gloss is poppin'. my lip gloss is kewl. All the boys be chasin' me after skewl
Follow Back
jump on a song then
#HighSchoolMemories Graduation day... That was the end of waking up early to use the brain. Thank god!!! I don't miss school.
Nighty night! Sweet dreams! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
What an amazing day in NY!
Thanks for the great, healthy PRE-tan! Very efficient and organized and I LOVED it.
wtf who said that haha okay ill go but ill prob pass out!
oh. Lol you got my #?
funny how people don't wanna come around til the music starts rollin..
Being hoarse was what I was hoping that it would help.
Did you know that pyromaniacs are synonymous to hermaphrodites? Yeah, me neither.
Full of breakfast and lunch, which I ate at the same time. Oh.
Heading to the jeep trails early this morning!
love it! Learning lots, getting inspired.
A Little Kid Just Ran Up To Me In The Grocery Store And Said "Daddy"....
i wanna see the avengers.....
its a tool to help memorizing of your lines
yes! And I had that exact snack yesterday :) so funny.
I'll definitely be there, just don't be making crazy tie dye painted eggs afterwards
Disabled Google Buzz today, not sure why it took me this long...
TGIF! Is anyone seeing live music this weekend?
NY judge ruling. "Tweets are not your property but of the third party twitter, which can then be used in a court of law as evidence."
haha love it
I brought the much abused spider plant from home to work today. Hope it bounces back going from 2 cats/little light to 0 cats/full light
yes sr I see you with them Cutz on wheels bro we have to sit down soon"
you make me feel unloved </3 :'(
Whateva I'm f'n hilarious!": AWWW GROW UP! lmao"
I just saw you yesterday, and you're already in Wisconsin?
Agreed! We aren't really sure how relevant a re-release of a movie is for the rest of the marketing community.
I WANT THAT #EPIPHONEACOUSTIC SIGNED BY
It is my pleasure, love being connected to other artists. :-)
thanx.. and you did as well!
Hold on to the nights, hold on to the memories <U+266C>
But not from my boobs lol
why do i always end up pushing the people i care for the most away? :'(
jet lag is great for productivity.
We make pizza at home and buy a joint gift like a fun kitchen gadget we both want. RT : What are your Valentine's Day traditions?
same reason the national broadcast team is talking like UConn is the favorite.
I remember MTV was all about music not Teen Mom, and Disney was all about Mickey Mouse&Tom and Jerry not dumb wanna be singer shows.
I had a Facebook since 2008. WHOA.
Hahaha she will send you a package... I just got one today that had shirts, pants and socks. ha
Auto text on tht last tweet
Thanks for making my b-day special. See you soon!
can't wait for your show in Minneapolis in May! saw the promo @ Epic niteclub last nite - nice!
screaming at eachover on the way to school and I'm just thinking 'its too early for this shit' -___-
Is it worth traveling 15 mins on the bus for a better weed deal? HELL YES.
Fucking shit. It's too hot. Why can't it be 62 degrees and cloudy all the time?
same here what did u do over da weekend
ya'll did great on the performance ! BabyDoll killed the stage in the dance off and the outfits were all that ! Great job !
Two suspected DUI drivers are lucky to be alive after an early morning crash next to CHP headquarters. We're live with the the latest.
just ordered my official copy of priceless inspirations...cant wait to read it!!! Heard it was definitely a good book...
Thank you! I am very happy to be part of the team at
Gravity still makes us fall.
RT : RT : Got itchy feet? Like to escape Melbourne's winter & study abroad? Check out the programs offered. Apply...
Phillip & Jessica in the finals my two faves since the start of the show omg c':
Chicago’s western corridor: btwn Western + Ashland avenues running nearly the length of the city from Howard Street to 95th?
#DesignBizChat this Wed. 5/9 10 amET - All abt Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects - join us!
On a conference call with a chat window. Reading this makes me wonder if my company even requires a high school education...
#BoiseSOC Bieter: So pleased to say we have the first phase of the River Recreation Park fully funded.
people will still move to Fluvanna- they will likely send their children to private schools- of they can afford-a shame
Don't use colored envelopes @ Christmas. Letter might get mailed faster. Red & green envelopes have 2 be sorted by hand not auto
My home computer crashed.....lost everything
My style icon: Jeanette of the Chipettes
Luckily its too early to be a bitch right now; I'm coolin B)
Hello all my #kw family! If you are on the fence about #Imsd, get off! This is an amazing program! U owe it to yourself and your clients!
I watch tv on my site, so I keep it fresh and updated.
now I'm gonna get off twitter... maybe... possibly...
Jesus help me I'm losing my help I'm falling emotionally but I'm scared Idk wat to do bit I love u so much
We should catch a match now and again. It would be good times. I think Cafe Presse is calling.
DUUDE #LOVETHAMUSIC can't wait to
Seeing oomf constantly tweet right now is strange they usually only hve a few tweets at a time
Easy Monch! #GoPack RT : lets go Detroit they bleed just like you do!
Making Big Plans for our New Business Card Superstore opening in May
Really. Check em out. :)
getting artwork framed
#SEM10 #Jero #enka Super weird cultural aberrations and anomalies that fit your theories with ease; doesn't mean they should.
RIP Jonathan Frid. The original Barnabas Collins.
HERES TO ALL Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
How fo you want your day to be? I want happiness and laughter.
Stand your ground or they will tear you down
iT ENDED HOW iT ENDED ((iAiNT REALLY TRiPPiN DOE))<U+2665>
Up moving! About ready to go for breakfast! Thank You!!! RT : Checking on you today:)
IKR wish I could I don't think my name is going to be on there..lol
Rickie Fowler>>>> any other golfer
With the warmer weather water intake is up to 2+ gallons a day. Haven't had any soda in about 8 months.
Turn up the music and shut out the world
So my dads girlfriends daughter Lauren is really mean. I hate her. She has to be older than me.
Thank You, happy Friday!
#DidYouKnow that the strongest beer in world is 43% ABV? Speaking of beer, we’ve got $14 buckets of domestic bottles.
love hearing DJ Shadow interludes during this american life shows
I heart nigella lawson
was he with his crew? he has a rather beligerent posse.
is all about them Grands like a Grand Parent.
Bias sucks
Hey Cookie!
Turn that boy ETurner up!
I guess I never stopped caring, it just sucks thinking that you did.
HaHa! We'll pop a bottle at the opening my friend!
So far loving Sherri and the football player on Dancing with the Stars!
Stop! Just for a moment, clear your mind and hush your thoughts.
Game of Thrones - a new addiction.
only when its 4AM
How real is #realityTV ? Take a guess!
But add the other one
This should pose for an interesting work day..
I cant wait that long. =) muchlove
you know who is still here. :)
OK...so I am really excited about my #captainshouseparty. My supplies have shpped and I am ready to host..drink responsibly:)
RT : But really, people, "not choosing to feature on the homepage" falls somewhat short of "censoring."
i was informed of this so me confused
Going to Dallas tonight. Hoping to bump into :P
Always be ready to learn and grow
Life is good sir!
WHAT! WHERE'S MY INVITE! lmao
Feeling inspired by and this amazing day. Going to write some feel good music.
Why not plan early for your week hit up the Pavilion for Pavilion Thursdays! DJ D-LO | $100 Call Bottles| $3 Cherry, Grape & Loopy Bombs ..
It's #workwednesday - what are you doing for YOU today?
I am glad you enjoyed the show. I believe Jacky has a twitter account.
We in our own zone.
Just crazy out here at
OK. I've been having a decent number of people bail out on presenting, so I'm looking for utility players like you to come up big
The moon is huge well bigger than usual
Really liked Won Ton's story (yay shelters!) but am bugged haiku doesn't quite meet traditional definition. Your thoughts?
RT : Shannon Okey: For small niche publishers, drm is a bad idea
the large intestine is also called the colon, and it helps the excess food (the stuff your body doesn't need) leave your body.
I love how 's eyes read intense jealousy during ' MVP ceremony.
planning your retirement your senior year is VERY smart. The earlier you invest, the more you save.
RT : So excited! RT : A sneak peak photo from our upcoming Feb. issue by at !...
Thanks for mentioning the mansion photos. Always meant to drop a note but just now getting to it. How did you find them?
Love listening to old songs always bring back memories
"Surefire" has to be the most overused word in women's mags. It's like "very." It adds nothing to the article. Ban it from your writing.
#analytics2011. Having a difficult time hearing the txt analytics speaker with the Eagles blaring in the background.
Horford really helps that awful #Hawks hal fcourt offense. Thye should take that away and make Joe Johnson beat them
Can't get enough of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm'
A little bit of magic can be summed up in one word:
": Dwight Howard a Rocket??? Just Do it Morey" with along with Deron Willams. And Courtney as the 3rd or 4th option
Join us for #BWEChat on Wednesday night at 9:00. is stopping by to talk creativity.
out the way
It's time for Wade to go bananas if the Heat have any shot...
have fun!!!
Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenarios in life?
I REALLY need to work from home. You guys could be getting kitten pix ALL THE TIME.
watching the exorcist with I HATE HER FOR THIS
You never know where you will go :)
Want to wish the best of luck to as he destroys Fit Finlay tonight, hopefully with a large amount of Lariats.
What's needed to get visitors talking to visitors social/mobile? Events to pump fuel into conversations?
thank you !:)
I love it!! I want one of this big belts!! Taa-daaaaa
I'm showing my age or lack of sports knowledge... But who is Juan Valdez?
Thanks so much!!
TweetDeck won't work for me either. =(
I'm a a dreamer of good dreams.
Aggravated thanks to my mom!
hahaha just hug him and never let go! ;D
The NHL announced today that Coyotes Captain Shane Doan has been named as one of 3 finalists for the 2010-11 Mark Messier Leadership Award
Thanks for the RT!
I might be in this parade.... PLus my moms gotta party to go to... I got this house to myself ...
Those is #NOLA for Jazz Fest & "For True" . Give it a buy and a dance. Happy Jazz Fest NOLA !
Tosa-come show your city pride at Milwaukee Wave game this Sun, join us 4 Tosa Chamber/School day 414-908-6338 4 ticket info RT
Yeah our Middle linebacker
Man everybody else is like tweeting to their moms like they're even on twitter lol I just treat my mom right always fool believe that.
Love me some good late 70's pop!
thanks so much. they really are a fantastic team!
Weary of policy on the back of projected revenue (since the city sucks at projecting), but if I must choose, new schools...
Had a great day today. God is good to me!
what what!!!
#paradise comes out 4 days after my birthday can u say best present ever!!!!!!! :D So excited!!!!!! ;)
Write drunk, edit sober.
It's hot as hell today but I like it
At a hookah lounge having a good time!
Thinks he just heard a white dude call some one Dudley, because he aint move when the light changed *Zooted*
You're doing some amazing, amazing work. Love your passion.
I have been plotting that reverse kidnapping thing for a bit. My ransom is too high.
I haven't mentioned it yet, who here from Australia ever watched Freshwater Blue?
Time to hit some people!
Trying again. Looking for fun downtown restaurant for date. Good food. Festive atmosphere. Nothing too expensive
This flopping has gotta stop
Watching Planet of The Apes
How are you?
If you're a manager and your answer is "People" when I ask "What do you manage?", you're probably not a very good manager.
I'm a horrible person, but a wonderful human being.
Backstage F/W 2012 with no models to shoot. Guess i have 2 wait for the doors 2 open.
Hahaha okay. Done!
I would like to be the one to open up your mind
boring! :p but i am tweeting, facebook & musicc :)
Facebook parenting youtube video is so out of hand that the father is having to threaten copyright on imposters crazy people out there
Niall's the cutest, Zayn's the hottest, and Harry is the handsome-est LOL . <3
Finally, good news: Dow closes over 13,000 for first time since May 2008 after 25-point gain on lower crude prices & strong consumer report
lend me Metal Gear for the weekend
i think i will upload a vid of me drumming on twitpic or maybe just stick to photos for today
I iz at werk but I'm sure my boyfriend will force me to listen to it afterwards. ;)
Can I have more info?????
wont let me tag....
How exciting and what wonderful weather this week for training!
I'm marcus brown, fitness freak and amateur gynocologist
with one e. With one e. With one e. Got it!
Arg. Sorry my account was hacked. :-(
From the hood book of #2Chainz All I do is turn up, I'm about to show y'al.l Early bird get the worm, I'm up way before y'all.
by the best producer, guitarrist and Arranger in bachata style, Martires De Leon --->
I caught clips of #TheBachelor episode from last night just now. So happy about my life choices.
hey deme's followers on a scale of 1-10 how perf is she really
Members Open House/Annual Meeting/Skulls exhibition opening starts soon! Welcome, members!
Excellent photoshoot today!!! Back to the studio for a late night production session.
Yeah, surprised this is the first time I've seen Meaning Of Life. Don't know how I missed it til now.
Fantasy drafters: remember 'alternate' positions when ranking/selecting players! Hanley Ramirez will play 3B, so will Miggy Cabrera,Gamel 1B
Turning in an old Xbox? Consider hard drive data, report says: Speaking to gaming blog Kotaku, a host of researchers said that Xbox 3...
Thank you for the email. Keep up the good work. Please follow back.
Yes; I am just that good at multi-tasking.
and your admitting it? =o lol
one day...one day...one day I'll have a game with Patrick Swayze
These #NBA playoff match ups are sick!
holla at me need to know whats up!!
Thanks! We're so happy to have found you all as well!
#idol - Jessica took a huge risk with her song but it paid off. She nailed the big notes and really aced the performance.
yo so tweet!!!
Hope to see you then!
work, work, work...
only in CA! so absurd!
I'm sorry, but that's just wrong.
You know I couldn't completely cut those ties! :)
RT till saturday!/: lol Can't believe the lil sis is 17 :') Where we eating at im hungry
Im sleeping today, and Im not gonna do shit...
Yes, there was no reason for Joe to tell Mel what his sister said to him, not cool.
#Teamfollowback help me get more followers <3
Friday Friday I'm so happy on Friday partyin partyin YEA!!!!!
Yeah I seen! But it's like they said "We need to be careful, they're a lot of crazy people out there". And I agree!
you'd be shocked! People also forget that Walt Frazier killed it!
Are you kidding me later?
Yup--adjusted cookie settings and a-ok. Yay. Thank!
I want it too
i think were being racist.. Nah
on what song sis?
Your the BEST!!!!! XOXOXOXO!!!
The neighbors they don't like me I got jays at my Dow , told my grand ion need a bed im sleeping on the flo !
Family comedy show outing! Did we just have the comedian call our front row table the cast of The Jersey Shore? Yup. Funny 'cause it's true?
S/O to these
Hey -- how fast can you close a home mortgage?
One to beam up
Is missing living in the South right now, because all I want is an XL SWEET TEA.
Love you too! And thankyouuu<3
Omg I'm so proud of my sister!! She's doing so good in school and it brings tears to my eyes that her dream is coming true!!
LOL they should :P
i love gossiping with , they make me lmfao
We'd like to wish owners Aaron & Jackie happy 2 yr anniversary
I'm sorry. I can't stop you from crying. Everytime i try it just gets worse
We lost internet connection during my online interview this am. There's a law for that right? Thx #FLA10 for gr8 confrnce
There's a farmers market today? I thought it was tomorrow ...
Nice nice... most of the TV cameras are behind you though, so low chance of you going national haha
It's hard to eat strictly healthy when everything is so damn expensive.
hahah yea I'm good. Omg today was TO funny though omg I can still laugh when I think about all of it , i love you guys <3
I want to buy the LaserLyte Zombie Killer.
that shits right
They should've gave Zimmerman the DEATH PENALTY. IF THE LIL NIGGA WOUDLVE KILLED HIM THEY WOULD'VE PROSECUTED HIM 2 THE FULLEST
I wear glasses after work for a few hours, & on weekend if I'm at home. Wearing contacts too much is hard on your eyeballs!LOL
I have no hoes....
of course! I've gotten as far as making my dream of a sandwich from Larchmont wine & cheese come true ;)
Chicken parm and spaghetti. Yum.
Starting early at oaks #winning , anyone else here yet.
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening. ~ Alexander Woollcott
sorry I read that wrong. Do you want the band to call you?
Excited to shoot with International Fashion Photographer Marie Kristiansen tomorrow!
buying my first house ya'll!!! Buy something on ebay ;) help a girl out
is thrilled that I was contacted by the casting director for "Survivor." They are possibly interested in using me for the new season.
Today was honestly one of the best days of my life :)
N Milwaukee too small smh
WON the softball game she played in and is now out w/ the team. :D
Kinda glad we lost, better to lose now then in the NCAA. We'll be fired up and ready to go #BBN <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
It is a slow news day when you have a psychologist on to talk about "normal."
The next time I replace a computer, I'm getting an apple.
Paul, don't tell me you're not a One Directioner!?
Message to all drug dealers.. The kicker who missed the field goal today , for the "Ravens", wants all ya got...crack especially ....
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Chess Pies (Southern style) on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
He's versatile???? RT : Why is he rapping he's a singer?
morning meeting inspiration
We are always looking to buy rare items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections. e-mail
All imma say is not coming down here for a while!.
Why are people asking if I'm Muslim? O.o do I look Muslim? Lolol I'm Asian & Puerto Rican. Wth.
Omg. cracks me up!! Crying right now from laughing. Haha :)
That moment when you pay for your coffee at Tim hortons and drive away without them giving it to you..
Huh these ppl never been here they need to let me order first
Chancellor of Kaya Henderson comes to the podium to testify
Amazing! RT : Turn on Espn 2 right now. Amazing soccer drama.
Taking out the garbage. Bag rips
First Day of Spring! Yes! It’s supposed to start getting sunny and warm, right?
Great week, welcome all the new Bonamour distributor teams! Remember to invite your team to Tuesdays Comp Plan Podcast.
Any #netde tweeps want to catch a great show tonight? Bronze Radio Return, only $15.
Dallas its a wrap!
I thank you for that. How are things over at SXM?
Dayquil liquid is the most disgusting shit EVER don't do it.
I'll grab a couple on my way back. It's rather well lit...
Job posting of the day: "Wanted: Flu Shot Greeter." Sadly, they want 1-2 yrs of experience.
Cloud computing is #5 on Yahoo's "trending now" list. Right below Roseanne Barr.
Who is OB??
Yeah Lebron won but he also made a kid cry.
I can't wait until I'm famous and get to be eccentric on twitter
Found out what Swish Tail is yet? ...
but i dont know what to do
It's only right that Joey Mack got like 16,000 followers last night
What are some of the key questions to ask the foundations in order to uncover their agenda?
MFAH has been studying documentation standards for cultural heritage to make new DBs compatible: Spectrum, CDWA, CIDOC CRM
“: Are you ready for some SPOTLIGHTS? #esif2012”
I do it every year the best of both I get to hunt more and help out people that need it
whats good people
RT : New prevalence numbers show we're dealing w/ a national emergency that's in need of a national plan...
I GOT THE CRAZY HICCUPS!!!
RT : I'm Gonna be in New Orleans in 2 wks. If you'd like to get tested for HIV contact
sent you a DM with the info!
My plans for today fell through. I'm a failure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> going to try again tomorrow
If My Body Were a Car.......almost every time I sneeze, cough or sputter.....either my radiator leaks or my exhaust backfires!
Now that I think about it, if I win, I could buy Greece. YAY spanakopita!
Ok Wait, Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
damn, you must be a big time Bone fan. that's a bold statement. lol. I have been going back through their catalog a lot lately
Funds Available to Implement SORNA Programs via crimeinamerica.net.
#freaks I need some
Ohio State has again ascended to the top of the men's college basketball poll, taking the No. 1 spot in the API Rankings.
Laughed out loud at 's "marvelous" dig at
Oh! We'll be there! Get a hashtag going so there can be sweet tweetup action..?
Well said Fam. It's either Real talk or Nothing.
thanks for the mention. JF
Business Meeting then Cheetah for Lunch
Happy Birthday Man. Celebrate like a CHAMPION
People! Put down the mouse. Hang up the phone. Step away from the easel. Get outside. Enjoy something exquisitely mundane.
At all times I rock a bracelet that helps me stay positive. On the front it says "Celebrate All Wins." on the back, it says
please follow my your
I just get the head outta life. And enjoy it .
if you know any healthy good recipes please feel free to show me. Would be delighted talking 2 u Xx ~ Cathy
Trying not to get irritated....
I'm a straight up
Are you okay? I feel like you're changing...
Awesome! Love me some Hitchcock...
Gotta catch 'em all.
yo, happy birthday
The best thing about being apart of a #snparents community .. is you know they will have your back.. and make sure no one takes advantage
Some days are blessed by meeting wonderful strangers. Some are blessed by being together again with family. Today was blessed with both.
you've given me the courage to confess. so am i. thanks for being the one to take that first step!
Just bought my ticket to NYC to attend the #AfroLatinos Now Forim November 3rd-5th!
yes ma'am.
My dad just walked in on Tree of Life and asked two things. "This kid have visions?" "They don't say much in this movie"
Hi Everyone I'm On Add Me On Skype justingroce1
are you going to the nick jonas singing @ 6?
HEY LOVES! GO MAKE A REQUEST FOR A MUSIC VIDEO OF THE DAY! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET you know you wannnaaaaa
#terranova is boring.
dats how we acting,? bet up
Outchea Early Making Moves; My Timing Is Good Today !
yeah i know, come over
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE VOTE 1-800-868-3411
HEAVEN OH YEAH Club Paradise! YEAH! :) im a little hyper. just a bit. :)
The rules of soccer are very simple, basically it is this: if it moves, kick it. If it doesn't move, kick it until it does.
Pinkberry #NOLA welcomes to New Orleans! Please stop by for a swirly treat! We are located in downtown accross from !
Earlier, I told someone "I have to go #2" and he told me "Too much information!" He must have a really small brain.
you owe me the dub
LOLOL AFTER TODAY, I THINK ITS THE ONLY WAY YOU'D UNDERSTAND. >:P “: Don't yell at us”
Baby girl LOVES Yo Gabba Gabba (and so does Daddy). That is all.
...she drank 1 beer, them took Ambien, Authorities found her driving to Bible study in middle of night, in nightgown & mud mask.
off in 3 minutes bitches!!!
Yes :) I played for barber for 3 years, that's why I posted that :)
I wouldn't mind performing Judas while dressed as Lucifer with a dead goat over a boiling cauldron just to piss off religious entities.
"Great managers believe the people they manage will create a better future when given that chance." - #ALAconf closing speaker
Why is your sister Khloe so mean
Thanks to everyone for your support of the Grandad Turner project. Stay tuned!!
#BeforeIWasAMahomie there was no1 that inspired me NOW i have YOU
Thank you, Kristi and for the gallery on fundraiser w/ +
everyday I am a person that is hustling?
Rahm's budget approved: He needs to share his "secrets" with #Detroit. We are facing takeover.
The Seahawks made the dumbest move today, smh. SERIOUSLY?????
RT GOP-proposed Constitutional amendment would change the Preamble to "in order to form a more perfect Management"
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
They just standing around watching them boys shoot.
I'm off now biatch
We'll be joining THE ENDERS at Sonic Iguana studios this weekend where they'll be recording their 1st EP! RAWK!
Pretty certain my next car will be a Chevy Volt, if you see one parked out side your house with an extension cord it may be me ! ;)
Of course!!! I am so proud of all of you for getting this together! :D
FinancialBreeze is FinancialHott.........! Leaving ATL for Alaska (yeah, right!)
Hey(: i'm bored wish you could come over:/
Somebody save me! It's like an episode of the Three Stooges with the 3 Richards up here. Smh
bruh did u see that big girl tracy with
I know it's Oregon and rain is part of living here. But man, it's starting to get to me.
Finally it's nice outside. Mommy......Daddy.....Someone take me to the doggy park. GEEZ!
Awesome work! Congrats!
Vegas strip. Wow. Just wow.
10 tickets laid out, ready to go! "first number up... 46!". FUCK!
HELP ME GET TO 300 FOLLOWERS PLEASE HURRY!!:)
After visiting CFM in the morning, visit Artomobilia in the Arts & Design District. Great vintage cars.
Why are there such long lines at McDonald's when there is so much better food 50ft away?? Delicious!
Of course! I'm off at 5:30 too and was just going to go home until 7. Want to meet me at my place?
#HighShit lmHIGHao RT RT : Nobody stops smoking weed. They just take breaks
Relaxing after a busy day in Washington.
"Jam tomorrow, jam yesterday... but never EVER Jam today..." no, wait... Jam Today!! Oh heck yes!!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Just listed a few extra boxes on grab em while you can!
I hope you're feeling better!
thank u 4 the follow and hello from California.
Orlando what's popping
Who takes longer to get ready.u or your guy? Lots of ladies are saying their guy. How is that possible with all the maintenance girls have?
Need a haircut my playoff beard is too epic
MT : Design for verbs, for specific interactions you want people to have -
Not been on:( -shayla
I imagine Obama is popular there?
Strong enough now to lift fingers, have notebook on the ready. After another nap...
getting caught up on tweets - where are we going for pancakes & long walks?!
#MyFavMichaelJacksonLyric See that girl she knows I'm watching she like the way I stare
Thanks for donating! We appreciate it.
LOL! Don't I wish! Er, except, we probably have more intermittent sunshine, I'd guess. :o)
at work... looking forward to watching Michigan State mash Iowa tonight.
has been advocating for recycled water options over costly desal for so long. Today perhaps there was some progress.
I see you! Thats so cool! You're in loads of videos! I still remember the one where that hot guy sat on your lap! Hahaha :))
Happy Anniversary!
I guess Eric Bledsoes transcript issue wasn't shady?
If that girl only knew...
AWESOME!! Congrats!
Is my dream of becoming a Girl Scout shot?
Who doesn't love tacos? is the place to be #wild&crazy
RT Beautiful, perspective-shifting post from : Are you struggling with your life online? Lean in. bit.ly/leanin
20 min away
We're heading out to tonight and tomorrow! Have a fantastic weekend from your friends at BlueGrace Logistics!
Women are like condoms.. they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick...
Team #NARIP is getting ready for tonight's music supervisor session with
M ii lovee green day (: Idk why but it cheers me up
good luck
that's nothin, wait til LeBron joins Kyrie and Anthony Davis in Cleveland.
“: Just woke up from a dream, that I got into a bad car accident<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>”
I am pretty enchanted by the Google doodle today.
Happy Friday everyone! Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth! Join us!
tomorrow, i will cry.
I agree. There's no other reason to go to the NBA without finishing out college especially with his talent level.
yes! So much yes!
she needs your help!!
Hey Follow me ?
oh just kidding!
is Marie Callender's Cheese Stuffed Pasta #vegetarian friendly?
Talking to you late at night brings back a lot...
It's kind of sad uploading that very last American Studies document
Emotions will be the death of me ._.
time to fertilize!
Applying to '11. Last year was so great, I look forward to what's in store and hope to see some familiar faces this time around.
Thx for shining a light on these poor losers. Reveals the nature of a cockroach more than anything else.
ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Flying over Colorado to refuel some B2 bombers. Just a normal Wednesday morning.
I went on a walk today, cus that's how I get my excersise, and I came home and ate hamburger helped and a snickers.
U crazy over a Nigga who don't give a Damn about u
good morning Sarah!! How are you today? (:
ah!!!! Somayeh! Lmfao u have no chill tonight huh?
thank you. i'm doing great. hope you and your fambam are doing fab. have a good night.
Demonstrate empathy.
I can't help but hear the Karate Kid song in my head when I see that.
wait the cars will become better with fuel down the road. Pray that gas stays the same. Gas here is $4.30 a gallon
Welcome to Twitter !
Why are you so sweet???(: <3 #TurnToYou I love you Justin(:
Dukes home I think
The weather is great but I have school work
#Molanlabe ... count down on.
"The most selfish thing you can do is stay in a relationship you’re not committed to." -Bridget Earl Pehrson
Don't call it spin class! Solid "recovery week" CompuTrainer session, keeping avg HR under Z1, still put out 185 watts.
yeah especially now that we're of age, lol shit is serious.
Enjoying Next to Normal with the family. Thanks to Cindy for the great seats!
This line is ridiculous :o haha
The cool smell of rain >
OK - the world's most popular word.
Part of that can be attributed to the fact that he's now a starter, but still, a drop in velocity that extreme is never a good thing.
I'm back from riding horses in the mountains! it was a great little vacation! Ill be accepting appointments for the next 4 weeks until I lea
do not tell me what to do with my life ..
I'm finally finished with that now let me pack my bags!
Thanks so much....you too !
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana yourself... or lose banana
thanks for following our twitter and listening to us!! Hope "Eyes Closed" helps u through the day :)
4 Ways Tennis' 'Big Three' Can Force Positive Change in the Sport - Bleacher Report
I see an Eric on gllleeeeee!!!!!!!
I love how that sounds like a marginal 70s funk band with a white Englishman for a vocalist.
get ready. I'm picking you up at 8. Lmao. All hot. (;
organizing, planning, and moving forward!
love it! Find it funny you sent this to me about 12. Hours after I had a cousins sub for the first time in like 3 months. ;)
I think bugs, stained pages and books with legs.
Good Morning.
He make me happy, I know where I'll be:)
Headache sore throat cough. it WILL go away.
LOL yes. Very important matters to tend to!
Yo , If I was fighting Floyd Mayweather I'd roll with an entourage of Brian Scalabrine, Gilbert Gottfried and William Hung .
when you find it let me know, interested in purchasing multiple blocks of time.
I'm sorry to hear that you were affected by the EC Outage. We do provide information as it comes available as we did tonight. ^CB
Im down too ride any wave that cumes my way . 100% real bytCh
what are you going to get for your tattoo???
No thank YOU. -BF
what comes to Dr. French's mind when it comes to pittsburgh public schools is that "pittsburgh public schools is working"
Wow, had a great day of naps on naps while everyone else played #CODMW3. Kids STILL in pjs. Whoops
Just scheduled my first private dance lesson. A better dancer (w/ extremely low self-esteem) comin' right up! Er...maybe not in that order
Either they're scared or embarrassed about their tendencies, maybe both!
MWW Designs has changed their fax number, new #: (312) 533-2245 // Our telephone number remains the same.. Proceed with your day ;)
Peytons on skype...I'm not gonna call him. He's probably busy lol.
#NF follow back
Oh snap... #thevoice is getting cheeky!
I hate football, stfu!
Those girls who play dumb because they think its cute.
While playing socom4 i realised that running like a loon and firing from the hip is far more deadly than controlled fire
Lol you started sellin out first!
It be like that sometimes lol
you can cal me
lol live it up!!!!
Whoop whoop! Saw my cousin get her award(:
thank you!!(:
I got called Bruno Mars for the 4th time tonight. Not catching a grenade for them but I def won't do anything today.
well done
some of the things people put up with because of beauty is ridiculous
When you start thinking that nerds would make good boyfriends.... XD
thought so! I wrote a short story about offbeat intramural sports at USC. Good to reconnect, John. Monty Taylor was roommate
Report Cards: Complete! C'mon, spring break!
I shall text you later today, we shall find a time to get together.
Everybody buy a Mountain Statesman on Monday!!!! Dads birthday picture will be in there!
you need to consider a modeling career, no joke!
In non-book related news, Marc Jacobs rumored to replace John Galliano at Dior, Phoebe Philo to take his place at L. Vuitton via
Omg less than 4HOURS here in Brazil for the #Boyfriendvideo. It could not be more excited. RT if you're excited!!PLS Follow me
Obviously, not "premiere" yesterday... "screening" with an intimate Q&A with the director and actors. Losing my mind..
For #cloud admins looking at your database logs from 1am, don't forget
<==== thoroughly enjoys stayin in my lane and flying under tha radar...
Not giving you an hour a second or another minute longer, I'm busy getting stronger!
How is everyone's Sunday fun day? I've just been catching up on laundry, cooking & reading.
Making myself a little something to eat because a bitch is hungry!
working on it! sorry! technology is killing us over here
That's great - you can show us around town and tell us where the best lemonade stands are. :)
Have a great weekend everyone. Support Live Music wherever you're hanging this weekend!
im a dog. i have no clue how to put one up. is the one who taught me how to use twitter(:
Tar balls are washing up as our water's are being closed...what is your biggest concern regarding the oil spill destruction in our area?
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: be specific about which part of your site needs fixing.
I really wanna know more about ariana's dad. :] like why don't they see each other that much often? I'm so curious! help me?
Haha i know!!
[We live. We learn. We grow] People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them. -Tony Robbins
I hear you on that !! and she has her work cut out killed it :D RT :
you have a tour today?!
A double by Andruw Jones gives New York a 5-2 lead over the rays
its only tuesday..? the weekend needs to come now !
Now you the feeling of being left out.
Only a week (or so) until our User's Conference in Santa Fe!! 120 attendee's this year - we're so excited!
How come people with fever blisters always initiate the conversation?
#DudeinaFedora accepts on #Oscars ... I hear Eddie Murphy laughing in the background
NEVER trust anyone! They will take your heart, soul and money and leave you with NADA!!
I need some energy.
I didn't think that was possible, but it's true!
I have to recant an earlier position. I saw a woman in a pair of dressy capris that were both polished & professional
A big topic & I meant only gentle poke. Many get caught up in fight at expense of goals, no arg. Good q abt party loyalty. [+]
Next trip Miami June,7 b day weekend bash
neither. Doing some creative writing.
oh god no!
Ha! Yep. Happened to me last week too. “: Had a Milli Vanilli moment on the air today. Thanks bunches VoxPro!!!
Good Morning Fed Hill! Have anything left in the tank? Its Sunday Bloody Sunday! Stop thru and make your own Bloody and enjoy brunch w/ us!
Hey, nice name Stewart...
US troops have remains dumped in a landfill, #Navy cares not to tell families.
Is anyone else having problems accessing Facebook Insights reports? I've tried 2 different accounts & 2 different browsers (Chrome & IE).
& bw3! RT : at bdubs , ran into :) ..now about to enjoy wings with my bday babe
Where they watching the LA Okc game tho
you're high and trippin hahahaha
shit got real once I found them almonds
We are planning for an awesome summer on the compound with the ladies of Remnant and our friends in Gulu!
ahh cant wait till the Grammys gonna be fangirling to the max!!! XD #BRunoMARS for the WIN
headed to philly to see a show at rosenfeld gallery and dinner with the family at fork. happy b-day grandpa & uncle tom!
Really looking for #stoke to score here. Good pressure and build up the last few minutes
“: "The talent on this show is better than ANY ON TV!" - #idol” but the judges aren't as good as #TheVoice!
during the buildup of enforcement laws in the 70's the term continued to appear. Those same laws are now disenfranchising them
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
#SusanPage are you sober? RMoney has defined himself the 1st time he ran for office. He's everything and nothing.
I'm sorry but this made me lol I just picture it only in NYC.
I hope Lahair lahits the ball
When I get a cashing shift it makes me appreciate helping hands so much more.
Seeing these deadbeat people makes me never want to drink / smoke #straightedge dude
UGH WHY IS IT RAINING SO HARD THO
Most of my fruit & veggies are now frozen to #preservefreshness! Time to #replenish #raw food: #Kale, Carrots, Spinach, #Celery & #Flaxseed!
James King: use your SLA involvement as your sandbox for new collaborative ideas or tools!
Seeing is believing, but the feeling is the truth. -Thomas Fuller
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Looks like we are all Clear here in Southern Kentucky No major Damage just Wind and some Trees down and Minor things TY LORD <U+2665>
Its not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life, it is how you handle what happens to you.
I think I might return to Facebook tomorrow.
Make that the last day of the first sabbath year. Pesky ordinals, as bob says.
there is never sleep on tour :(
Gym, training, lunch, game and dinner with the fam at Not relaxing Sunday but #SundayFunday for the kids!
Merry Christmas to you too man
We are energized. We are powerful. We are ready to learn and share our knowledge with others, both in 2012 elections & year-round.
You can always tell when some people are pissed. They always have that pissy face on them.
You're instiscriptionalized.
2 p.m. and our patio is open and waiting! Glass of rose, white wine, Lakefront beers, happy hour specials, whatever you want. We've got it.
hahah! I thought of this question this morning and now I can't find the answer anywhere! Driving me crazy!,
slow. I had an uneventful coffee date. The online dating is weird but I'll keep trying. What's your new gig?
I love to do sports
#MyPastRelationships made me a better man and taught me how to truly care for sum one also prepared me for true love who ever she might be
Tomorrow is going to be my last day off in a long time. I need to relax and enjoy it.
I know it was no double defense, but with his speed?
Heat would be NBA champs had and not deferred to in the 4th qtrs.
I've been getting a lot of requests for a Specialized Monaco. Weird that they never sold them in the US.
I'm pretty sure I wrote a few weeks ago about the last shoot for the film being done. Silly me...
hahahaha I heard the bus engines start and I got so scared and I was running in flip flops hahaha
St. Patty's Day Pop Quiz: An "Irish Coffee" is made of what?
completely missed the supermoon last night but just got to LA for the SUN
have fun without me!
Live Music @ Main presents: Brothers Kuter on May 12th at 2:30 p.m.
Lea and I both get distracted from our homework...and what do we end up looking at? Baby names online.. ayyyyyy. Lol
Obviously I'm not interested. Leave me alone, you creep.
Today men are terrified of their aggression as if it could make them a rapist.
Keep up tips! “: #PPC campaigns can help you identify key phrases that convert better before starting your SEO campaign. #SEOTIPS”
gotta starve myself and workout like fuck if I'm gonna fit in that medium vest for Thursday night, lol.
what in Sam Hell is that?
Looking for a Sr. Producer with big site experience, send us your info
wow, so they finally moved it to October
it was built. People say it's haunted... And it's on the way home! Gonna check it out!!
My ears are still rining.
I just rock climbed! And I was horrible! Let's do it again!
We will try to get out there as soon as we can thanks for looking that up for me:)
Thanks for all the RTs
we could meet halfway! :)
There's a thin line between "I should tweet about that" and "I should talk to a therapist about that."
Were looking forward to tearin it up at Joe's witchy'all this Saturday!!!
14 days till my birthday <3
Happy Father's Day to all the Colonials!!! Great job out on the field yesterday, I will post pics soon!! ~Jen
can't do it :( going to Sweetlife today.
congrats....now you can not afford to get sick like the rest of us
Today's late lunch is chx noodle soup and grilled cheese. Love this chilly weather.
ima check it out
Patuxent naval Base..They are the Gants whats ur people last name.. u no in the country they go by last names..lol
We're heading to kristen's bday bash @ howl @ the moon, so we'll be downtown. What are u doing?
Haha :) Or don't plant a tree...that's cool too
Good Morning & What's Good Ppl!!
ditto RT : Gah! It's so hot! I want winter! Haha
Keep your head up! you went hard today if it wasnt for you we wouldnt have been in that game
RT - New Orleans Saints (Me) Vs New England Patriots..Score 21-7 Saints...Setting..All-Madden..
What do tons amounts of hairspray, hot dancers & big egos have in common? All came from the 80's! Excited Rock of Ages is coming to town.
#stm2012 PDFs are awful because preset text & image sizes, no dynamic elements, cumbersome to separate out figures from text
Was at a gala honoring Latino artists at #SelfHelpGraphics&Art tonight. Great party, wonderful art and artists. Thank you
AH #UNBROKEN is coming out in 10 days! It's going to be EPIC!! Can't wait!!!:D
Enjoying baklava delivered straight from Jordan. As I always say, if you can't get out to see the world, invite the world to your home.
Top that, New England and Denver!
Bender: "this program is unique in the world"
I'm totally getting ready for school
Last tweet should have said on site, not sure. We apologize for the lack of intelligence. And we blame beer...
We've got some used equipment to share with you. Email with your shopping list!
Publishing books is a lot like wildcatting - you do your best work every day and you have no idea which one will hit, but one will.
man when I move back to LA we have to watch some games together, I'm a Raider fan and an As fan! Who's your bball team?
thanks Heather Cheers!
I don't do boonies.
just chillout. Kevin gates - brains blown out . Look hard simba all the answers are there
Quad Graphics always hiring bro I got an interview monday!!
#top10Lies Yeah, you're cool...
Trying some new pictures here for 2012.
NAP has flirted with 1300 followers for over a week now. NAP hates that noise. NAP would like more followers.
Making New Video For Youtube
DAMN DAMN DAMN!!!
Are you thinking Downs can keep the job?
I think I'll cry in tears if Alfredo followed me, he'llknow when the time is right, nothing is impossible
For Ridley: Was the other 'planet' CGI or set pieces or...b/c it looks fantastic!!
big things popping at MIA then! Haha, love the word "Ratchid." Have a good break bro!
Breakfast burrito hour? What?! Now there is a breakfast burrito happy hour? Thank you for fulfilling all my burrito dreams! xo
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!10
Yes! Wish he could have stayed to finish that saga. 1st appearance of adamantium that ish.
Go badgers!!! Great victory ...
GRAB YOUR TICKETS TO TEXAS IN JULY TOMORROW BEFORE IT SELLS OUT! www.collaterallive.com
"that hustler just raped me, he raped me good!"
Waiting for Luai at exchange 28. John ready to roll with an ankle injury. It's a short one, 2.9 miles, he'll make it.
People who still believe the Trickle Down economic theory works prob feed themselves through their anus.
Im filling one of my walls with posters. Like all covered
Heading up to New Paltz with my roomie, his gf and her friend. Expect instagrams.
Olivia is single.. Awhhh yeah!(: done wit deez stupid boyzzz
Gay male classifications: Top – Refuses to be penetrated. Only consents to be the penetrator. Bottom – Opposite of "top." Versatile – Both.
Look out, world- there's another Bond out there! RT : Beckett William Bond (It takes a village, y'all.)
Thanks for the RT. And list add. Does it get any better than super important awesome? Not without more adjectives!
“: "I'm like not that hungry" hahaha #shitgirlssay” do you want to go halfsies?
how do you like it?:)
hows that throat
wrong answer my nigga cameron knows what school I go to. tell her I not u.
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try
Lol, give me 4-6 weeks so that it can ship
on my shop in a bit ^.^
I swear, has more sources than the CIA.
What an amazing spring day in #PEI love it!
I can't say enough how salty I am that this Battleship movie is adding an alien gimmick to one of my all time favorite board games...
I wasn't. I was born in Poophole Maine. ;<
Popcorn does sound good. I think i even have some movie theatre pop-secret
yeah. they set up literally at the bottom of the hill into the south oval.
yeah bro God is good! I love being out in the community lavishing Gods love on people!
no, just now catching my breath from this morning.
its a chill sunday
Thanks for the follow, Tony! And how awesome is it that you're working on PLAN9? Pretty effin' awesome.
mega64 podcast 169 has been nothing but awkward and uncomfortable to listen to.
Figuring out a new phone...
W.brooklineelectric.com for same day power restoration services by a San Francisco electrician
Thanks to everyone for coming out to this past weekend's MTTS lecture with Prof. Elzinga. Podcast coming soon!
What's good new follower?
any questions since we are an hour deep into the show!!
you're seriously getting a tattoo ?
Used the Citra Paste ink cleaner today and it works great. Recommend it to everyone.
cause you're mean! :c
think i got insominia
Great Times tonight! Fun show at Taphouse followed by the deep hang at Aladdin's. Hadn't been there since we played with
no problem :)
2nd day home and my moms already pissing me off.
#occupyburque isn't camped at the moment, tho ppl do protest at Yale Park at various times. Mtg tomorrow same time/place.
Thanks for connecting and the mention! (Boy, way behind on my response!) Enjoying your Twitter updates!
Coming up with Marketing Ideas!
im so soar right now from exercising my legs they feel bruised
so enjoyed the #istefeud! You All were fabulous!
That should have been P&B, not P&G.
time is money so I went & bought a rolexxxx
this is so embarrassing....
But in all seriousness hope all our friends who are out there have a badass time. We'll hold down the fort here.
I want a raw platter. right now and vodka.
you dont ask someone if you can rape them. HAHAHAHA
I'd like to share a revelation that I've had while watching ABDC: Justin Bieber is this generation's Pat Boone.
#ICanHonestlySay I can't wait for Football season to start. RT if you agree.
I LOVE Mary J There's no voice like hers,she's amazing!
She makes her own money so that make us equal!
break a leg!!
I found him. He claims he doesn't remember.
Forgot, eh? U must get interviewed a lot. Q&A were great/smart, no surprise; just wish they'd asked abt your latest work on O.
thank you for following! What's your connection with food allergy, may I ask?
Collisions in agencies create greater ideas. Work next to/with each other.
ya tu sabe hun-ty even tho we don't spend much time together hopfully that all changes once ur home!
I want to put this on a t-shirt: Show me the monad!
I'm getting in the shower now so if you get here while im in the shower, you know, do whatever :P
Looking forward to Floyd-Cotto, and Floyd-Merchant too - ESPN (blog)
S/O to the avi of iThink this is the longest I've seen the same pic there. Cheers to you mi amor
Is our site still down for you? We didn't know about this. We are not having any issues on our end.
Heck I wish that Justin would go to Hawaii while I was there. Man that would be something.
My fourth week
Cnt wait to see you with IaMmE Again.. your one of My Biggest Inspirations!! =)
Hey does anybody know of good work on the Vertreten/Darstellen discussion in #Spivak's "Can the subaltern speak?"?
were u in a lower socioeconomic background area?
Oh look, it's 4.20am!
“If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.”—Marie Osmond
Math sucks
Any museums out there using I could talk to?
On my way to the ER yes because of me! ~Maddie
TRY JUDGING ME ON MY MUSIC TASTE BITCH I DARE YOU
you are the man!
Hello sir!! GREAT hearing from you stranger! How are you! “: hope all is well”
RT : Kind of fun to read opinions on big $$$ divorces: "each was enormously successful in their respective careers and lived a...
Panera Bread?! Yum!! Only 4 more days till I head back East. Can't wait!!
Tom Boasberg at NSVF: preliminary fall enrollment figures show a net choice into FNE Denver schools after massive turnaround.
what do you think airport security will do about these new nonmetallic explosives? Scary stuff
Thanks darling daughter! Love you too!
nice haircut! I got a slot! For that barber
Thank You for all of the birthday wishes
& Winners know when to Pivot if shit get ugly. I saw The Source when just a list in the wreckastow in Boston. Couldn't Pivot
Tomorrows gonna suck...
Get with it, or get lost.
Feel better!
Any recommendations for places in Florence?
Im sorry. But, I dont believe you.
I love my bae <U+2665>
Filming for Hub :)
when we gettin drunk
Almost done with the first real agenda item of the meeting.
Yeah, I just think August is too soon after NAFSA to be considering sessions...but that's just me.
fuck wit me tonight
I hurt my foot so badly, and we have a dance showcase next weekend, shweet
Another Google Play email, another sale on Jay-Z, Kanye, Rihanna and Coldplay.
15 more minutes of overtime. (Not sure my heart can take this!)
Just found you on Twitter. Favorite.player.ever!
what is the significance of the # tag? People appear to use it randomly.
It's still very early.
watching #Sneakers before work. Really good hacking film. Can't go wrong with Robert Redford, Sidney Poitier, Dan Aykroyd, and River Pheonix
“: . Not to start a rivalry or anything ... but go #Tigers!”
I LIKE TO KEEP PEACE NOT MAKE WAR
wonderful tweeps to follow!
Truly saddened by the loss of Etta James. I'm a blues girl through and through, and found her voice inspirational. <3 RIP
I was about to get up from this bench because I'm freezing to death. When suddenly a lady sits next to me, now if I get up it will look mean
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all that you're yet to be.
Felt like gift-giving so I bought my mom some jammies for a belated X-mas gift. Hope she likes them, but in case always have a gift receipt.
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Wish I knew off the top, I can absoluetly get it to you after an email or two.
Good ass burger! RT : Lunch time w/
Q2 I made podcasts in libschool, but honestly, there aren't library related podcasts I listen to.
Visit my site, www.thetotalpetspa.com or follow me on facebook to get more information on when and where the product will be sold.
Won our first game. Waitng to play in the championship next
Don't care how hot a girl is, if she has a disgusting pet rat she needs to go.
RT : Music is the weapon. has its own page.
#Oomf has a girlfriend :'(
Just saw American Reunion and Titanic <3
Fresno was as good a place as any to grow up in the 70s/80s, except for one thing: STAR TREK was only on once a week, Saturdays at 9am.
I'm passing roanake call me
I overheard a conversation that they were supposed to launch the site here, but they had to push the date back.
We can experience being physically tired, emotionally tired, or mentally tired...combined we tire spiritually and put ourself in danger!
argues Collins amendment to restrict #BoilerMACT will result in 8100 premature deaths & 400k lost work days
ANYONE---- whos nicole andersons boyfriend?! im so out of it :/
I would really like to know why both Microsoft and Oracle have not made much deeper inroads into healthcare.
What's the secret ?
Way to go to my staff....we handled over 432 guest tonight!!!! I'm proud of you. We are proud of you! mmmuahhh!
What is the best video game ever?
YES ": Every minute you waste judging someone is a minute you could have used loving someone."
it feels like somethins heatin up can I leave wit you???
No wasn't mad. I just live by the philosophy of "when Im done, Im done"
"body storming" looks like it was invented by RPGers - just sayin'
muahz beautiful woman with the beautiful voice..
": And I'm keeping you in my prayers. Stay strong brother."< Thank u so much :-) . I need all the prayers I can get
2/2 Arch Moore won #WV Governor because his plane crashed right before the election. Sympathy likely put him over the top.
Second week of 2012 almost done. Anyone else still writing 2010 on their checks?
no pictures?!
where are you from?
"Tri Delts you look so fine." - Luke Bryan. What up.
so true! Great share
He's mad :( What did I do?
Walking on campus in my umiami swag right now rock chalk?
#oomf needs to tell me how they feel... Or text me... Or something.
I can't get mad at what God has planned already, but I can change that way I go about doing it
lol that's funny
PopWatch Planner: Behind-the-scenes at &#39;DWTS,&#39; new &#39;Dark Tower&#39; out, and the Boss plays Jazz Fest
who wants to fund a Delicious Planet in Phoenix? I would love to sink my teeth into that project!
bout to qo bak to sleep after i walk my brother to the bustop
no Q the sixers are VERY fortunate for bulls injuries, tho the sixers now could be a sleeper for Eastern Finals vs Miami
You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it
Fluffy pillows are used for hugging. But neck pillows should be small but ergonomic so that your neck would have better support.
RT : Thanks for your hard work during #LiNC. I feel like I had to be over there in the Marina room! See you next year!
": you're terrible at twitter." Jesse eisenberg look-a-likes don't scare me
Out the door to buy a b-day present for a little one's party, then off to a brunch with friends!
Watching the vow for the first time :')
Two commercial callbacks tomorrow! Nice way to get the week rolling.
Conversation in India PT1 Man: You do not want to walk down that road at night, sir. Fisting is very popular on that road. Me: I'm sorry?
This hour went fast! that sucks!
Didn't you have a band or something? O-O
My teacher wants me to bring a lamp..... Who the fuuuu is going to bring a lamp to school!?!?!?!
Thank You!!
#soundtracking 2 The English Beat right now! Tell London Hi 4 me. xx
the city of CLE shot the ball really well this year. RT Irving says that award isn't for him as much as it is the city of CLE.
omg that was you!? I had no idea.. You look so different. I'm sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> did you apply?
I told her to go to bed 247526493483 times so don't blame me ;) <U+2665>
Sushi! Who's ur daddy?
. Take some hot toddies!
Rapaport prize winner says that best mba skill was learning which case you had to read and which you could just bullshit.
Tweet me if you live in Ohio !!
If you're in #SF,order by noon tomorrow&we'll guarantee you'll have your SF > LA t-shirt with you by Xmas Eve. www.WeBeGreater.com
Any chance there will be a sacred craft Santa Cruz 2012?
“: Great Lakes happy hour tonight 5-7pm with Rally Drum Red, Doppelrock, and Holy Moses on draft! ”
It's only Tuesday -.-w
stop twitting on my twitter.
Wheaties may be the breakfast of champions but Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch is definitely the champion of breakfasts.
how could I forget !? :p
ah how freaking cute!!
you piss me off
I need a job so i can buy games ugh
Had a little slip up with #imdb today. A rough cut was released to the public a bit too early.
I hate when my Twitter starts acting up!! >_<
CRAZY news and traffic day. Gotta love Portland.
julina goes home today YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! the celebration is short lived back 2 work
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Us, breakfast. Chicken moms, unspeakable offspring armageddon.
RT : Interesting... “: "Though the sheep may fear the shepherd, it is the wolf they respect."” :-)
I had to pick up my daughter..where is he starting?
Awkwardly watching Sister wives with my family
Hi there! Thanks for the RT :)
Light show at Epcot tonight :) <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0087>
i can't believe this and i don't wanna believe this.
moving too fast, eh? So what's for lunch then? Something healthy...
Im on facebook see this bitch picture im like I HATE THAT BITCH LMAO
A little Breaking Dawn action before bed sounds just about right
I love running out of food because it makes my pantry look clean.
My WD hard drive just crashed. Everything in Pro Tools is gone....
therefore cannot partake in the Flat #2! Or the peanut butter cheesecake with chocolate sauce! :-/
Landlord of the boy's new apartment refuses to do something about a roach problem he didn't disclose. My mama bear instincts are enraged!
My EVO already suck
I only saw after reading posts by Mr. Hockey -- Didn't seem to affect Rads during series, we now have to wonder
Free screenings tonight: What to Expect When You're Expecting at AMC Northpark and Crooked Arrows at Studio Movie Grill Dallas.
Thanks, gents! I have to give credit to for the prompt that sparked the story, though.
While you were sleeping... I was up getting a Bar.
I see u been gettin it in.
And now Cory Booker on equal protection under the law, 2nd class citizenry. Basic rights should not go out to popular vote.
Well I haven't tweeted in a minute...We lost our City Finals looking to next year. be ye blessed.
get out while you still can! Lumpsteritis is a very aggressive ailment..
Yea cannot be missing Celebrity Apprentice and how about Ivanka's shoe line, gorgeous right?
A much as I hat to admit it, Yankees fans do the wave also
Danna Pools Inc is now on facebook!!! :)
Going to lunch in The 'Couv today. Should be fun.
I cant give u mine I'm sorry my mom will kill me
Gave into some Bacon today was to hard to resist
ya boy d dolla is on twitter finally. watz gud
you got me. But next year...
During interviews: be prepared to not only ANSWER questions, but ASK them as well.
Appreciate if fam, eye see u!
haha that's not a problem. Tomato Tom-ato!
love u peanut.
If Kardashian can't be happy, how dare we measly 99%-ers try to be?
Now yall see that we NEED Bosh
i feel bad for everyone that is on a youth team and has a standing full...they cant use it..): so dumb.
Is anyone looking for a Natural way to gain good health and learn how to become a wellness coach and entertain a residual income!
Breaking news: totally just tripped completely sober! Thank the Lord no one saw it:)
I heard delta sandwiches her employees so hard that delicatessens want to fine her! #thatshitcray cc
The eyes have it! 75% of you like to play up your pretty peepers more than any other facial feature. Shop online www.marykay.com/jhallinan
#WhenISee Speed Limit 55 on a country road, I see "no speed limit"
Worst dream everr >>>>
one time when i was making easter eggs i had two sets of twins in the same carton!
Dear North Carolina, fuck you
No rules...... n e thing goes lol
If you swallow poprocks right away you can hear it in your brain
Bang! bang! Bang!!! (pops voice)
off to catch up on some Tivo.
just tryin to maintain my g-i see u do music too
Hot. You make my teeth sweat.
I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be.
Anyway that gets you put on worldstarhiphop
nice. RT : I passed that mark the first day I got a smart phone.
Want to know more? Consult the Comment FAQ and legal terms
Perhaps if we presented an alternative submission/supplement for those who opt out of scores, maybe.
lotta noise thrown at Tebow man...have you seen Gabbert! It's sad stuff bro!
Yes. I happen to be rather fond of boobies of the avian persuasion.
,i love you
I ain`t no joke...
just hanging out and being awake.
I admire your brain. You tweet, retweet and respond. You are a genius. I mean that. I gave birth 2 1.Peace
#deleteyourtwitterif You liike the :) Im sure alot of people don't
Dominican till I die Mom made platanos everyday
Thx! RT needs to open an Arcadia location. the line would be around the block every day...and i would be in it!
anything for miss kayleigh! Gmail me.
Fixing to die of boredom!
I don't even know where it's at. Or when!
you need to join us
In 2 days, the next best thing to hit the musical stage opens in Downtown Los Angeles!!! www.2ndclasscabaret.com DON'T MISS IT!
OH MY GOD
Great presentation today on #11tips - as usual you provide great info, great energy, great interaction!
send me one I'll kill it send it back do u can knock ur fans out wit some dope shit ya dig!!! I'm a beat eater!!!
Greatest statement of the day higher education has a lot of parallels to law and order both are dark and gritty
Great turnout at for #UConnFootball & #UConnBasketball! Good luck to in the Elite 8 tomorrow!
Maybe this is a stupid question, but emmy award winning? that's real?
4the enemy comes but to kill, steal, & destroy! It feels gud but u dying man! Choose Christ I did
Gimme head til u brain dead
Awesome! Thank you, I think PSU has a lot more variety in programming and we rarely hear about your events at PNCA.
Davinci Virtual Office Solutions was selected for the 2011 Houston Award in the Secretarial Services by the US Commerce Association!
You realize how much you loved that person and how much you knew that person and you think to yourself it's all a dream.....
anybody plan for a good dinner meal ?
0-0 wow...tight defense on both teams.
#NOW Following
The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you're finished.
yes. Yesterday in my womans history class this girl made out aggressively with her girlfriend
Us too!!! RT : Love, love, love e-mails from blog readers! :)
I think it's weird that Brick and Champ appear to only have one leg each. I hope that's a plot point!
RT if you are ages 15-24 and then follow for 150+ NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really works!
Back in the day you could go to Egypt and bring back mummified hands and feet.
So I getta pick out one lipstick from Lime Crime, what color shoul I pick?
And just think, not too long from now, we'll be in Dijon together!
Although it began life as Hengler's circus, for most of its life The London Palladium became known as the world"s greatest variety theatre .
Trust is the mother of deceit
“: Devin Ebanks must of heard you were having try outs for the All-Idiot team tonight.”. He just won 6th man
Agree has nice creative features. But PowerPoint is better for business: consistency, sequence, branding.
if I get kicked out of IB u can't
RT : $$$ over equality, unfortunately. <- Agree that's reality. How do we change it?
Your video is AMAZING! I loved it! <3
The next moment goes as it comes. We're pregnant with the future and past. We need only give birth in the constant present between terms.
I am about to cry just got vampire diaries season 2 on dvd n i took it out of the case n my one disk cracked...
still trying to find my xbox 360 game cases and missing games supper was great work was awesome & live is a amazing gift #CARPEDIEM #LOVEIT!
Heh, this makes me smile MT ": Christian Science is filling the reflecting pool!"
you have our admiration and respect but at what point in the 80 miles does the run become fun? ;)
While I'd love to get to a Brewers game sometime before I die, at this point I think I"d settle for seeing one on TV.
I was like Joe Walsh, I was the analog man!
yea. Imma do it in a lil bit when I'm by myself cuz I told my Mommy I didn't have hw.
First day rehearsing the new song, its gonna be awesome!!!!!
Rahon hits the 3 and the #Aztecs pull within one of the Rams. The #Aztecs trail 8-9 with 13:45 left in the half.
Hey Browns/49ers, y u no release inactives?
There are times when you need someone, and I will be by your side.
Dream: meet and discuss with him the finer points of X-Men and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Part of a status update from my personal Facebook..."It's safer..so I'll stay married to my music..it won't let me down or break my heart."
Of course, and thank you for tapping into his vast knowledge! We appreciate his hard work in and out of D3 cc:
Follow me on twitter you know!!!!!!!!
how are you going to tease us with that Costello cover, Annie?
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear i have moved on
My stalker is , angry librarian & failed community actress.She talks about ethics, but stalks & harasses. beware
#BelieveItOrNot People are very gullible.
- It was a great session. I will definitely be inviting you back!
ugh sigh
The risk of dementia rises sharply with age, about 25-30% of people above 85 have some degree of cognitive decline.
Join Socialtique on 4/27 at UWM School of Nursing for their next fundraising event! Proceeds benefit the Malawi Project. cc:
sometimes I feel killing myself because thats how much I HATE MY LIFE!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
How is spending his 75th birthday today: 'Working,' he said.
What does everyone think of the new Gmail?
Just crossed 5 lanes on I80 to get to our exit RIGHT THERE! I'll be ok if that never happens again.
Had the very same thought today - it's time to re-watch. “: Walk the line. One of my favorite movies of all time.”
Stay hydrated!
Great times, but great to be home. RT Ah back in boston. Rip
The weekend got me hella tired but well worth it me and my cuzzo/friend went hard
Why isn't life more like Multiplicty.. I need a few clones to do all the stuff I dislike..
Felon convicted in explosive arson case
Thanks for the mentions. I'm looking forward to your presentations at #NESHCO2012 too!
People tryna say CHECK & don't kno wat it mean ,so said we gotta find sumn new lml
welcome :D
With Ashley and Keviiiinnn.
thanks for the follow Laura!
you'd be better off just paying a site to host your images & doing the page yourself. Try godaddy, cheap domain and hosting.
Hi Erin! Thx for the follow - nice to meet you.
Look on the bright side, he'll obliterate the record for sacks taken
hey! I remember when you first made your twitter and we talked all the time :) How are you?
Fans get your FREE tix for media center fan gallery tomorrow thru friday at NFL Shop near Near NFL Experience!
how do you find time to clean your paws with all of the Tweeting that you do?
interesting guess tho! I do believe its on the Greatest Hits… Apparently.
I have only got one re tweet but hey at least I got one yup ;)
Hosting a National Championship party tonight at my apartment. Wish it was the Gators playing, but I will cheer hard for the SEC!
dan i was saying it to both you and laura lmfao
Best day of the year. First day of the spring training games. WOO!!!
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE BREAKING DAWN!!! :D
gotta find a new hobby...
Pouring out some of my 40 for my fallen homie.
Lord give me the patience right now not to beat up a Walmart worker.....
The comeback of the automobile industry must possess lessons for other professions, corporations? Reading "Overhaul" by S. Rattner.
When a year5 asks me and to "kiss his ass" what is this generation..
couldn't find whistles, but I got us funky teeth, sunglasses and bubbles!
Has any article about Biden ever described a time when his bluntness or gaffes actually, tangibly hurt him or a cause he supported?
My new office set up makes me feel like I work at CTU
Quote of the week!"We are defined by the stories we tell ourselves. The question is, does your story empower you or cause you to fall...
getting ready for a busy night at Hillel! come to tacos and Torah from 5-6 and improv from 6:30 to 8.
I barely realized how much the Frost Bank tower looks like an owl. Weird.
“: Whenever I meet somebody that speaks highly of Nickelback, I know immediately that we will never be friends.”
Would love to work with you. My email address is . Drop me a note and we'll make it happen. And thanks for thinking o ...
Your age is only an obstacle if you let it be an obstacle.
it's the light lol
I want too go back too bed, like now.
I think one arm is preventing her from falling over.
Girl to guy ratio at Hershey Friendly's 20 to 1. I.m still going.back to the hotel with Mary Jane. Leaving lots of empty ice cream bowls
yes sir, H-town
Scheduling IYL before trip if I get recs. If you have any for Daughter of Smoke and Bone or Perks of Being a Wallflower, please send my way!
good bec I'm putting billie in there to(:
Thanks for tonight everyone! This is getting better as we go along. We seek now designers to work on interface wireframes.
Once the playoffs started, every girl started acting like they watched basketball O_o<<<<
Been watching jury selection for Casey Anthony Trial
Follow back?
sad!! What about the Poshmark party next week - I was thinking of going there too - would love to see you!!
What channel is the debate on?
So excited for this weekend! Going down to OSU, sissy's birthday, and playing softball on Sunday :)
Mom is so #excited, she already asked me to make a playlist of kids christian music for Marietta on the plane ride home from China.
I don't give a fuck, keep giving me 10 hour shifts the money is worth it
goodnight everyone xo
Yo my twitter is
how does it feel to get dangled in 2k?
We're trading places. I'm leaving for Chicago on friday lol!
what do you think ? Question is are you ?
hope you guys are staying warm! we're taking cocoa breaks between packing orders for monday shipment. remember our cut offs are soon!
I miss youu...
I think my Pandora just won with Stevie B Spring Love #nowplaying on
Great! I've been in Chicago for 3 hours waiting for my delayed airplane which has now arrived. Yay!
This is focus- 3-0 count, bottom of the 9th and you are a pitcher throwing a perfect game. Humber is focused (I'll post this after the game)
- when website polling goes wrong: the 3% who said they were laughing at that story.
5:30 in room 3161 of the Student Activity Center, which is at 333 East Campus Mall.
I know I know I know I'm just saying LA"s not even sweatin them and we never had control against them that's all
oh. Yeahh I did
Finished an invigorating 45 min snowshoe hike tonight with my b-in-law Rich.
RT Hungry.. but i decided to go on DIET HAHAHA
& thanks for a great talk!
Yeah & i'm trying to leave by the end of the summer!
Long, fat blunts >
A Perfect Pantry at 21 E. Congress is a charming mix of new kitchenware and vintage household items.
Trent Johnson leaving LSU for TCU to start a new 5-yr clock of 'not getting fired.' Same as Christian leaving TCU for Ohio
Republicans a few weeks ago: "calling it a 'War on Women' makes light of war!" Now: "WAR ON MARRIAGE! WAR ON MARRIAGE! WAR ON MARRIAGE!"
she is so cute with the fans
it's definitely up there haha
the most inspirational movie ever! Also the best(:
Great job with your first dance tonight SD's!! Can't wait to see the next!
Hey, it's kinda nice out today.
Hunkered down for a solid weekend of editing client video! Totally jacked in feels awesome.
we do to
Lovely, brand new humidor is seasoned and running at 72%. Time to add the prensados.
yo phone suck ..!
Such a nice day outside!!
Or Guy Clark's "Boats to Build"
Can't wait until October!!!(:
It was certainly a day! Animal house <3
Dirk always looks like one of his skis just flew off his foot as he was sailing down the mountain.
lol.. Whaddup homey! I don't be on twitter as much anymore,sorta got a tad dull.. Lol
I do. Im a strong advocate for equal rights of tiny titty bitches
sufficiently ROCKED the house!!
Hugo = this week's Adele
WTF?! He should never have gotten through 3 of our players!
dude your bro is in Memphis?
That's awesome! Congrats.
i lock the world out , and God has the only copy of the key
I could live in a bookstore or library and be content.
Fittingly,UK Spartan Philadelphian"Simon Thunder the Savior of Rock -n- Roll"has returned.Perhaps,visionary acceptance&affection will follow
Once again, if I were in DC. I will have a spotted cow for you at Miller Park this weekend. Lucroy bobble on Sunday
Well, the dude from #kony2012 had a rough night tonight didn't he?
im embarrassed watching this game.
Just aced my fin463 midterm, never been to class, studied for 1 day, schools so easy good grades don't even make me happy
Hey new friend! Have you ever been to ?!
A #Scorpio s matches are Aries taureses', Leo's & sagutarius'
I think the answer is COUNTRY MUSIC!
Having struggles in your life is a sign that you are transforming your world
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breasts
Blessed by the best!
Well we knew it was coming but man, I'm gonna miss these guys so much. #BBN #WeareUK At least we're reloaded for next year.
that is a hell of a climb, she's doing!
The next dog I own will be named Delmar, regardless of gender. Mark my tweet.
omg i saw a story about this in a magazine the other day it was on cnn and the guy was making fun of them lhf hahaha
hey thanks for the follow! i am guessing you know my brother?
#13thingsilove 5. pulling pranks on people kind of a prankster ;)
RT : I won 3rd place w/ where I have 5 FREE days of access to their site. didn't even know about
I find Peyton to be such an amazing rapper because unlike others he is original. His lyrics actually have a meaning to them
Loved it! Good times
Send as many as you want! The sooner the better : ) Also feel free to tell friends about I am trying to get the word out!
I wish some people, would actually think. & let Austin have this for once! I mean i support Justin too! But deserves it!
YES, such a step in the right direction! We're excited to see what happens :)
Good Am world wake up & smell the coffee, every day you wake should be a day of success... Keep negative folks out your game room
"The land of healing lies within, radiant with the happiness that is blindy sought in a thousand outer directions. - Swami Vivekananda
falling asleep to the sound of rain #peaceful <U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
right dude he is fuck hot as hell
Thank you! Well....the gym I got to is pretty lousy. But it's something. And good for you too! :)
sure makes a girl feel pretty on the first day of school. Can't wait for our rendezvous with
No it displays the same. I was suggesting that you will want that unchecked. Also see my reply on my blog.
i want to go sky diving
Heading to the crib
my dad says those trucks are so dirty - A and Rob didn't care / the kids want what the kids want! Haha
9th way to save on gas is join Giant Shell program/make use of all extra points promotions that make sense 4U. Saved lots!
haha they must have been my brother and sister in laws dogs ha
did you go to the game today?
good morning
hm, you are still speaking jibberish to me :) 100 yrs is a long time, bro. best we get this sorted out in person.
Rick Siskey - Your kids don't want your money they want your time.
damn I see how it is. Everyone goes to Costa Rica this summer and just leaves me in Norfolk
Yancey Strickland on why of fact that only ideas that have value are ideas that will make other people money.
nice seats go power
Can not say that as an entirety but for the most part know's what it would be truly costing ProSand. Yes for short.
aw ight den
YOUR MY BESTFRIEND FOR EVER!
Off to shadow before I get hired <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Yes, after reading your blog, I, now, understand. A heartwarming story. Thanks to your for saving a warm heart.
CAN I HUG YOU THEN!?
Uh... Are you serious that you would go?!
Finishing up work on next cover. Find a copy Wednesday.
More of what we saw yesterday. Cano hurting the #Mariners. RBI double there. #Yankees extend the lead 6-1.
Blackburn singing in the dead of night!
RT : Junior Parent College Info Night 6:30 tonight. Cnslrs will provide interactive program for parents of collegebound students
they are really cool guys too, what other bands do you listen to?
“: It's crazy how: Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday.”
School sucks!!!!!
dear world I love check em out!
ew... mrs pratt!!! her voice is annoying
Six more weeks till the semester is over.
WHATS THE F FOR?
Creating a drag and drop interface with & while listening to & = perfect morning
I'm dreading the day my youngest child realizes that my kisses have no magical healing properties!
Wish I spoke Chinese.
thanks Julia! You're the best :)
me to! Yay!
There were so many events last week Thursday that I feel tonite is relatively quiet. Agree/disagree?
you probs should just stay off twitter, everyone's talking about her :)
Pop quiz for adub fans: who is Tom Norris? First person to answer correctly gets a shoutout! Go!
Having a very good #sportsbiz weekend in Denver. At Avs-Canucks game tonight. Golf tomorrow at Omni Interlocken.
Absolutely - our fans & friends are the ONLY reason we've had success. Merch production, recording, promoting, you name it..
When the lights go out just put a cookie in your mouth
wassup my chocolate bunny. Lol what's going on Rekena
"#OneThingIDontLike Niall & Latinas" ...that's how I read the trending topics.
Good fight!
"Thug Angel" lol
Have to get ready to shoot an audition for a Lottery TV spot.
amen to that !
My printer has its own email address and access to the internet, which I was fine with until I caught it looking at www.kinkyinkjets.com
Remembering how silly report cards were O=Oustanding, G=Good, S=Satisfactory, SomethingElseINeverGotOnMyReportCard= Need To Work On It
Thanks to for the presentation during our class today !
If you are a fan of the show Bones holy crud on the season finale wow didn't see that coming.
Billy Cundiff must be kicking himself right now. Oh, wait... he probably missed.
Kinkade&#39;s death prompts debate on definition of art
YES! It's cold. I need a new coat! Hint Hint - Cough Cough
I thought tractors use diesel
Our blog/business is just starting up, but there is a LOT to come. We're still looking for more creative minds! Ew, that was a serious tweet
what are we celebrating?
did you hit up rome
Are you ready for the moving season?
Cedeno...not the sharpest tool in the shed
how did the whole Smiths thing go?
You can always spring your gym body on Marina and Ulay.
re:BBP - BEP need to be snuffed out like trash on fire. Just makin sure you got my FB note from sun. No hurry.
Heyy im gonna be at the radio station next week with ricardo(:
No... he is still killing and abducting in other parts of Africa. LRA is smaller but it's still going on.
Do you think Jimbo would make that pickup?
I got some bad news earlier. I still haven't got over it
y did u break up with him??
When a bus in new york hits your bus it sucks dick !!! ~Devin.Anne<3
Making a couple technical improvements to our campus page right now, but will have updated results shortly! Sorry for the inconvenience!
Why is he attacking your friend like that?
It feels so Damn good outside!!
Renteria for who? EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW THE ANSWER!!!
Pain is something inside of you, trying to get your attention.
it's Okayy
basketball aint gon get me this car, this apt, or pay off my loans. Yal the hoopers
We're going to find "Bigfoot."
I'll be at Ramsey park tomorrow at 8am, and Brentwood Friday at 8pm. Would love to see you!
Glad to see my "friends" have so many jokes about my golf game. Just remember, I've NEVER played golf til two weeks ago! #you'llgetyours
You should probably inform them just in case.
I can only be myself and she's great! lol!
ATTENTION! We are out of Sriracha at the brewery! REPEAT: We are out of Sriracha at the brewery! Everyone please still come to work!
I am a statistical king. I own stats!
..now im debating on whether i should sleep on top of them or spend the next hour hanging & folding them.. grrrrrrrr
I want someone to care about. But not bad enough to lower my standards.
Holy hell. Sorting through resumes & cover letters at work. The poor grammar is supernaturally awful.
Never actually seen a full episode of Growing Pains, but I love that theme song so much, it's crazy! It needs to be on Netflix ASAP!
omg, I actually just laughed out loud (;
Are you at the show?
Mitch Daniels is somehow doing a preemptive impersonation of Darrell Hammond's future impersonation of him
RT : I am a responsible adult who thrives in the world.
And you get a baby! And you get a baby! EVERY-BODY GETS A BABY!
Prior to starting your landscaping, sketch out how you envision it
no nigga, sometimes! Cause sometimes I laugh at you, not with you xD jk of course you do baby girl (: haha
Counterintuitively, a major gift ask for too little may be more awkward than one for too much. Think ego!
party ur face man!!!
No it don't it suppose to be 80/20 lol
Its uploading! :D
Switching out weights for cardio, because the idea of lifting heavy things repeatedly still makes me want to curl up in the fetal position.
Getting out of class.early poppin
is so good. Saw him at Ultra in Miami for the first time. It was a beautiful experience.
Updating our transaction search service - transaction searches will be unavailable for about an hour while we complete this work.
i <3 my church! spent the evening with 30+ teens & other leaders helping feed & clothe the homeless.
Excited that my friends will be in DC to meet me next wknd
Post backward design, concept driven, student centered, transdisciplinary, reflective planning for learning speaks to me!
somehow, my body and soul are capable of dual counterparts. my body is in MKE. but where is my soul??!?!
I love u
's internet is up & running - no problems! Hope to see you soon!
I had a moment of weakness and ate a leftover bagel from this morning. Tried to make it the whole day. DAMN YOU, FREE BAGEL FRIDAY!
Worth the wait eh Wolfy? I'm loving this so much,lets go to Scotland babe!
I hate mrs huffs class
Girls these days: /!!
Henry Melton is making some plays tonight. Digging it.
RT : If Romney loses Ohio, CNN decision desk should call the election for Obama right then.
Swag super hot your swag not i be gettin money while these lame cats not haha
Am getting the hang of #CrossFit ... Still got my butt kicked
Well hello there!!! :)
on my way to Galaxy Zone gonna go Lazer Tagging :D
Trying to figure out what is on the menu for #SkinnyTuesday... Ready for the #WarAgainstFat to be over!!
setting up cron task makes me realize how impatient I am and how long a minute really is
You are Stronger than you seem, Braver than you believe, and Smarter than you think you are.
Great NY Times piece by on digital humanities -- looking at several NEH-funded spatial/GIS projects. nyti.ms/obQgaL
Hawaiian Islands are aprox. 6,470 sq. mi. FED,state,county own 39%,Corps & trusts own 20% ,which leaves 41% for all other private investors
i just saw it the other day. we didnt have anything to do with putting it together.
#YoMommaSoFat when she turns around, people give her a welcome back party!
the day I move out.
any updates on blackberry 10, new devices and new direction from new CEO?
You just made me crave waffles too.
In need of a mani & pedi
Listening to a lecture by David Wolfe. While the information is interesting and useful, he is giving me a very large headache.
well, they'll have to pass your approval of course :-)
that's crazy. How you feel? About to be in college. Which one are you going to?
Thank you!
Schoolbrary – disagree that District should spend $s, let alone Prop S $s to fund SD’s downtown library for a Charter School of 200 kids.
That's what you get for going during rainy season RT how amazing would this place look if it wasn't raining
Have to wonder now, Does Joel Ward even dress for Game 6? Halpern, Perreault perfectly capable replacements.
While your sittin on your as, theres people bettering themselves. where you at on the potem scale
congratulations on your promotion, your iPhone, AND your IRA!
so that means u love me yay
Just finished with class and got something to eat! All fueled up! Now more gym time!
I am completing 3 credits of my total 31 completed credits of my MBA tonight.
Congress is regulating volume levels in TV ads. But who watches TV? The ads on CNN.COM are #annoyinglyloud compared to the content.
Basketball 101: Want to reach your goals? Nothing is stopping you. Make it happen.
Thankful and blessed to have the support we have, and been getting. Much Love & Peace to all of you! If you need us just hollah!
Need my car back
haha will do :) have u even heard my music yet lol
well idk bc my birthday is june 14 and my mom said she ia gonna get me and iphone and so idk I REALLY WANT TO GO
I'm sorry dear :-(
Once the bandwagon starts, buy-in is so easy because of the ease of interaction and character limits.
Dinner @ #LaReve makes everything better.
Take a look at URBANAUDIO1, it can help with law school studying!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat hates when females put all their buisness on or then get mad when people tlk shit
Another great issue of put to bed. #happy thanksgiving
Nothing better than watching a bunch of half-conscious, hollister-wearing houstonians struggle to ice skate around a gigantic fake tree!
Headed back to the homeland for a week to take care of my mom after surgery--I feel like a real grown-up, taking care of my parents!
I am a disabled Veteran and Actor in NM. If you need help out this way, feel free to contact me. Thank You for what you do!
bye -Thomas
Luv It.....U damn rite am dancing to this #BOSS BITCH
Erked , with a capital E , lol
if i have ever used anyone on this twitter in the wrong way at any point in life just know that im sorry and there honestly is way to many
She can do so much better than you.
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
I was doin good, doin me last week .
well yeah this is America!!
Guys, do I have swag?
And now for some "vitamins."
why have i not had a gps system my entire life? i want to kiss the ppl who made this thing. hard.
Hi Holly, I'm a fan of yours on TV and stuff
On the way into town we saw a bald eagle standing over something in an empty field. Symbol? I'm not supposed to use birds in poems anymore.
Teddy's gay,Adrianna's life is falling apart, Silver and Naomi are kidnapped,And the only thing I can think of is,"M Liam in boxers!! :3".
FOLLOWERS! Make sure you're following my other OMG twitter: AND my personal twitter: ! That'd be awesome! RT!<3
RT Producer just got 4th email pitching"segments on footcare,more specifically,bunions<<<they are a major problem, not surprised
Blue Moon Soup & Tattered Roots tonight at ! Come get down!
Flights delayed in Nashville is not so bad. Good music from a sweet couple
please follow back. (:
Food billboards in spanish still look tasty but now more confusing
Looking for #ThingsToDo in #Clearwater? TONIGHT at C'NERGY is performing LIVE from 8-12am!
Another good day today. Mind is clear for action, lets play chess.
Reading on the front lawn. What a perfect afternoon
The Future Is Coming, No Matter What! Why Not Quit Your Boring Existence And Live In The Phenomenal Purpose You Were Created For?
I'm about to hit the gym, meet up with yall afterwards :)
Totally watching the At the Drive In performance live at Coachella. Thanks YouTube
Between the kitchen and the rain gutters ... the caskets. Genius!
My fiancé: you're the only bride in history who wants to spend more $ on trees than your wedding dress.
Can't wait to ride with ya tomorrow! I missed ya! xo
miss you too pal! Definitely need to cause I miss Madalyn too!
Sorry for the lack of updates, big things happening soon. Stay tuned.
yeah there ain't many more straws to grasp for....
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today (Part I)
Jennie is talking about the agenda. More then 30 people here and 5 on soups
like vampires, or....
We all deserve the best guy for us. I believe I've found mine. He can admit he isn't the best but is going to try his hardest for me.
#PeopleILoveTheMost Gay women
Shooting the concept portion of the video for "Torches" tonight! Pretty stoked!
2.8 earthquake today. It must have been shallow because it got my attention.
Thanks again for the amazing write-up.
- Yea Thursday should work.
I hate moving. But that's what I've been doing and will be doing for the next week or so. I really don't like it.
LOL. I thought it might be. Please get it. I really love it. I'm not being ironic.
R.I.P. Mike Wallace
going off to class ugh lord help me
RT - Anybody who gets drafted to the Cavs are probably thinking,"Hell naah, this team sucks." ROFL. Poor Cleveland, ...
should be asleep by now.
I hate your commercials about missed opportunities. it makes me want to cry
: where we had to reright are conversation
That's great!
Rip Whitney Houston
That's what kind of man I am. You're just a woman with a small brain. With a brain a third the size of ours. It's science.
Function In That Thing That Charges Your Dunamis! That's Your Kingdom Position!
thanks! Hope you enjoyed it
You need a ham radio RT : Crazy meteor broke up in the upper atmosphere over Reno.
oh no no no no no u wont no part of this franchise that's for sure. lol id rather "play" with you instead lmao xD
that's right.. I still prank doctors offices,taco bell and an occasional convenient store! Miss u guys
come play at Brunetti at 6 dude!
Interesting... Two dates, one friend and a few hook ups. This online thing ain't bad however I hope he comes back from LA soon :)
THIS IS HOW I GET GROUNDED FROM TWITTER.
Interfor&#39;s Q1 Results Down on Lower Sales Revenue and Higher Log Costs
Been away for a bit sidetracked by life for a bit. Website almost ready! Stay tuned!
There's a memory inside my head; It feels like a part of me is dead, I should save you, but I wanna watch you drown...
I was sad it did that=( I miss you too=(
Everything is now on the accountant's desk, so everything but the signatures (and check...) are left to worry about.
WTF? Did you get hit in the head by a tennis racket? For the love of fat bassets Phats say it ain't so.
...dangerously AWESOME. i better see you one time.
FUCK YEAH RT : SbB has learned Bill Walton will serve as a Pac-12 college basketball game broadcast analyst for ESPN
It isn't the truth. It's your g-d opinion. More people can learn to code than you want to admit.
how's shopping going?!
your tweeting a lot today
There is no question about it, I'll be going to bed when I'm done.
For something different on day 3 #LTNY, stop by the TyMetrix booth 120, and ask us how we can help you assess AFA suitability
what does that mean
enraging! I can't tell you how many times I've been at a bar with the big glowing Honey Brown sign and they didn't have any.
I have no idea how this convo started or what it is about? Lol
#WIUMBB Final media TO of the game, Western trails 76-53 with 2:23 remaining.
what's the sub-head?
we all gonna have to die some time
I diss like when bord'em kicks in at times
You use to live alone?!?
would love to chat about your 3 target users. please DM.
May is Teen Self-Esteem Month
Cold as fuck. unless indy changes its mind over night lol.
#ChulaVista City council meeting underway; already talking about the financing plan for the Bayfront Master Plan (only action item tonight).
thank you for the shout out, Janice! Hope your Monday's been marvelous. :-)
Excited to pick up at PDX this morning! Looking forward to the things we will be doing together!!!
Just became best friends with a raccoon
Congrats!!! RT : Oh wow, did I just get a tenure track offer? Just when you think job market season is over...
RT : Its International Walk to School Day! We're live for the 2nd half of Wakeup at McKinley Elementary in Tosa
I might for Father's Day
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x9
lol...they need love but NOT from Moe -__- I'll discriminate if MY CHICK gains weight, be like "babe....I feel different" lol
I'm exhausted.
I can't believe no one has mentioned Turley. Only one around is
yeah nah it's good work good school I'm taking off this summer but it's good :) you?
My girlfriend is stupid -.-
#TheReasoniWillSucceed Im going for a degree and a dream
I got my lil wayne swagg on
Happy National Peanut Butter Day! What will you make to celebrate?
I literally just saw quite possibly the most hideous bloke alive! If only my camera had launched more quickly as words cannot describe! ;-(
If you are on an 11" MBA, that is the sole reason I got a 13"
I'M A BANANA, I'M A BANANA. Add this banana. (?)
That's one I wish I saw now! Damn job!
A new year, a new semester! Hope everybody had a good holiday break!
Hey #mladla12 peeps, we're doing a live taping of You want to be there!! Meet us by the 2nd floor bathrooms @ 12:45.
Nelly Furtado Walks On Stilts In New “Big Hoops” Behind-The ...
wanna bet? ;)
Colby Lewis pitches well but the win goes to Robby Ross. The southpaw rookie is now 3-0. Lewis hasn't walked anyone since opening day!
Veterans day special $75 tonight! mention this ad!!HAPPY VETERANS DAY!
Designing all day! #WelcometotheWeekend!
hello thx for following me. Have a great Monday :)
Cool video! I like your paintings, best of luck!!!
Might have been more than a year actually. We both could have sworn it was gone forever.
Relax. Don't be surprised by human nature. We'll talk you down.
the best thing #jjabrams can do is make #alcatraz redeem the #lost ending. maybe the island is a portal to alcatraz? something, anything.
6 more days... guilt is setting in that I'm counting the days.
Will follow back
Whoa... Not sure what's going on there. We're using Vimeo. Thanks for the heads up.
#factaboutme when I'm sick or on my period I give attitude. -.- no I'm not on my period.
I don't know what's up with me today. I'm more pirate than ninja. I'm banging into everything.
feeling a little sore today from the root canal I had yesterday.:(
I'm tough, ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
I got Old Blighty, Lillibet's Jubilee, and Jaffa. I'm excited, yet a little anxious to figure out which to use first. :)
Inspirational Mass ant St Anne's!
Our colleague, Dr. Mark Van Stone, is going to be there!
Why did 8 bible twitter accounts start following me?
Youth Foundation booth is ready to go for tomorrow. Fair opens at 8am. First Racing Pig Show is at 11am. See you there.
A special thanks to all Veterans today. "Thank You for Your Service"...without you, we are nothing...Happy Jack
I'm actually a little Irish.
At first we glanced now and again at each other
WWE HAS A NEW CHAMPION!!!!
It's alarming how loud my 18 month old's toys can be. Some most likely cause hearing loss. I put a piece of tape over speakers.
Amen to that.
NF-------> FOLLOW BACK LIL NIGGA!!!!! IF U FOLLOWING ME YALL MAKE SURE U FOLLOW HIM!!!!
I would never bring my camera to the party lol
me neither. But when you're at a dive bar & they have it on tap...you get it. Limited (read: no) options.
Now I am going to notice your Southern accent in all your songs! You shouldn't have told me.
Jesus answers all your problems
So once again you jumping that LeBron James bandwagon? C'mon bro it ain't over (yet) lol
I'll be there when the world is coming down upon her
Well ice does go very well in bourbon.
Rich Widmark: "A man needs all the odds he can get." in Wellman's "Walking Hills" filmed in DV 1949
I'm pretty sure my spirit animal just lifted her leg and peed on you.
An ominous feeling of heartbreak on the very near horizon... Welcome back to the suck-.-
We choke when we focus on negativity.
hey you're cute (;
(EASTSIDE)* $1 drinks at Rascals on Murray st. today! #SundayFunday in
Auburn just won. One Down two to go. Let's Go Denver and Let's Boston.
lol nothing i just need to chill out and be more laid back i be doin to much sometimes
my long island is strictly whiskey
Thinking of something for my girlfriend
noo vevo and utube said that and why would he claim em after like montgs/years and how r they hia ilcreation is only 13 well
Can't wait to hit the road with to St. Louis! Friday can't come soon enough!
TY for the mention.Means alot. People are forgetting what happened, which is just the way the #banks and #toadies like it.
your apple comment was super dorky, but i still love ya :)
My dinner tonight >>>>>>>
we hope you do stay with us next time you're in town!
Brethren, Really ? Dark socks and shoes with shorts ?
Be polite. Don't engage. Pay the ticket.
Lol, u already know notjing distracts me more than a tv! RT haha! I knew u could relate.
Just landed in LA for a day full of #Spreecast meetings ending with the VH1 #CCMAs....big day!
ahh i love you andy! :) <3
#sheshould, eh?! Viber me soon. , once you recover it's time to work full force.
what up? ready for nascar season? it gonna be very interesting season
Thanks for the #FF mention!
There so chill there all I'm gonna walk around maybe go eat some brains walk around some more, there liven the life
Just got my oil changed yesterday.The green machine is up and running!!
Oh, look ESSEX rules!! No, Daniel is not from Essex.
whatt? Since I have no idea what U just said I'm gonna take that as a threat ...
#homeschool kids collecting rocks that look like they have crystals in them as part of science lesson "the habit of crystals"
Few things make me love a stranger more than when they leave their newspaper behind for the takings.
you're mentioned in my lastest blog
Been hard at work non-stop to try and put some new stuff together for everyone.
That was a tough category ... Jean Dujardin deserved it..
same to you!
round up all the cool kids and move south.
Yell Tough Chiz....and sorry but no!
Don't waste your youth growing up
yeah are you going?
kenny powers is sneaky like that! This season is taking a weird turn.
I shuffle my money like playing cards.
I need to stop going to bed so early!!
What’s on the perfect #taco? Ground beef, chicken, or steak?
Every failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
you know you're an all-star? :)
<<<ENVY>>> (that's for you, Karin) Gettign to watch it for the first time is going to be *such* a treat for you.
That's just not right! We'll miss you K8!
It was really good. Really REALLY crowded, but good.
I don't I just know the majority of the workouts from it from when I did own it I juss mix it up with surpreme 90 aswell lol
Hello world
Nutella makes me happy:)
Even when the day is, makes me happy :)
I can get them? Which one are you looking at?
The interview with is right up there with the one in favorite #HWYW episodes ever. Thank you.
Just back from Fenway & play by play of the Cape League All stars. Great crowd, fab venue. Sweet
I will say you've stumped me. Can't see enough of the lettering to figure out the stick... CCM?
We believe in a natural life, where we use aromatherapy to relieve everyday stress & anxiety. Also schedule time for meditation
Went to see the avengers AGAIN
Q6 Is starting my own biz a fall back plan if I can't get a job?
Even old creepy gay men will dance with me, the one place I should be safe.
Hey Lauren, it's almost Mother's Day. That means I get my annual Lauren text. You better not forget.
A personal record at the San Francisco half marathon today--a great route, even over the Golden Gate bridge twice!
definitely! I think I just took it way too seriously cause I did that once to some guy that was annoying me lol so rude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
uh is this about what I think it's about? Cause if it is I will be very happy.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you got no ass
Mom kinda has that position. She is head of the family. You can be 13th lady. Don't worry. 2-12 are dead.
right?! dang no more me around school anymore.
WOW! I'm just listening and waiting for you to poke your eyes out!
Today was great!
. talk to a cop. Calmer & Older occupiers just chatted w some. Use the power of human communication to reach them.
If I was a dude I would wanna ball right noww.. so frustrated w/ everythingg..
Sure, I like kids well enough. It's just that, at the end of the day, I want to be able to leave the country and never see them again.
Reading about Native American dress and how they incorporated European styles, fabrics into their wardrobe. It all sounds so fabulous....
hahahaha I told them to do that to you ;)
"I feel like bustin' loose...." C. Brown
Me! They do not have to use the blocks! Just show me!
yeah you do! Lol we have 3 albums out now and a brand new one coming in a couple months! And no prob :)
Got questions on #seniorshealth? Send them to Kathy Greenlee now
Keep inspiring the fans and artists out there right?
No sugar & flour. If u want to go a little easy on it, no sugar & white flour. U don't have 2b perfect, just better than good.
Atkins diet <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
"My last name happens to be Buckley. That's the only thing interesting politically about me." Chris Buckley on Morning Joe
the ketchup chips were gross <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> haha but thank you!
Feeling sick to my stomach seeing D rose being helped into the locker room
3 cheers for multiple devices. That's how I managed to keep my iPhone from dying... using my iPad for tweeting. :D
Tell Coop he can thank me later for all of those long countless hours of tutoring I did!!!
Friday morning at Sierra...Yoga, Spinning, or Zumba? Decisions, decisions... :)
I like to check all of my social networks and play with my nose piercing before I go to bed.
Dani Moz sets her Roland keyboard on fire as her lightning quick fingers hammer the ivory. You can see her live performance @ the Cantab now
do u have any fam here in LA? im good feelin great.. can't wait for rehearsal tonite :) tomorrow i perform
Love can be so confusing...
smasha! Where are you?!
Morning girl :)
RT : RT : MT U're not a patriot if U vote 4 a man who hides assets in foreign nations 2 avoid paying taxes!
Humility is the embarrassment you feel when you tell people how wonderful you are.
Ran into an Iraqi Jew while writing about struggles over representation a la Stuart Hall at a cafe. Our conversation was immensely helpful.
I'm not even kidding he's my boyfriend now.
Really? So he'd be fine coming off the bench for Miami? I suppose that makes more sense than here (going for a title, anyway)
"Six fuckin' years!"
hi Shay we are in the area and we would like to interview you after our lunch. We are at Brew Pub now.
man u up already?
Wait what does what mean?! Successful night? PS can I borrow your hunger games necklace? I want people to know I read alot. #;)
Yess Ma'am!
I'm good. How's life with you? Still busy editing & working out? Long time no see.
That would help too. And the fact that the On Demand games are usually games that have been out for a while don't help, since
I'm home. I love my home! It's all home-like and stuff.
I WAS HELPPING OUT FOR MY SISTER MAKE A WISH PARTY AN I LOVE THE SMURFS
Found you, Vucifer! Now upload a picture instead of the egg.
Oh yeah ? Can't wait to hear all about it!
I had a bit of insomnia last night until I decided to have some "somnia" instead.
I hate not talking to my babe..
Happy 91st birthday, Ray Bradbury!
What is this stuff? Oh, it must be rain!
I have been their almost a day n u are treating me different i wish i were the old you
If Memorial Day is for remembrance shouldn’t Labor Day be a day we work? Non-Labor Day doesn’t have a good ring to it-have a great weekend!
In a dry , On my way to #lightboxdc for #CherryBlast ": Extremely large sound system tonight...
You should definitely try our website. We have quick fill scholarships and can pair you with the one you r most likely to win.
Senior spirit week next week (y).
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU <U+2665>
Bizarre Bazaar was a waste of $..all jewelry and food..Christmas show is much better
I have to hand it to him -- KB is one clueless motherfucker.
He is employed by the Spurs.
Patty Stephens's class The Human Voice: Jazz Style has a recital on 3/22 @ The Cooperage. It's FREE! Come along!
You mean the world to be but wtf?
Chuck Norris doesn't need Twitter - He's already following you *chuckle* =D
No one understands me and how i really feel. I hide it all but no one feels the pain and stress i deal with every day from when i wake up
Got work in study hall today .-.
join us at Cheesie's Pub & Grub on May 6 from 12-6pm. Support an anti-bullying play focusing on gay youth.
Chefs are jamming to EMF's "Unbelievable" at this Vietnamese restaurant. Food is good though.
#walkhard just seemed like the appropriate hashtag for no reason at all.
I love sitting on planes in rows with a baby. Rarely does anyone voluntarily take the middle seat!
even with 45Mbps up and down, Adobe Connect unstable. I dunno; too unstable. Would Single-speaker mode improve?
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So I take every opportunity ~ Cameron Diaz
Burnham on *The Travels of Hildebrand Bowman* makes me wonder how teachable the text might be. Pair with *Gulliver's Travels*?
Thanks for the follow UStringsoA (United_Strings)! :)
Good Luck today...
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new!
Can't you see that you're smothering me, Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control.
Power's out all over San Diego County & south Orange County. &E is giving little to no info. What's going on!?!
wow that's really mean
"We aint gon always c eye 2 eye so compromise, and I just want you hold me down three sixty-five"
Myth 1 about informal learning = it’s too unstructured. But with clear instructions, learners can work towards goals set out ahead of time!
I think I need to go to the Derby someday. First class though. Not a place to be partying with the peasants, no offense to the peasants.
“What comes out of the mind is what you put in the mind. You must feed your mind like you feed your body.” – Norman Vincent Peale
I'm gonna be 41 & I still can't program a VCR or do the armpit fart!
Preparing daughter for tonights prom. What a melancholy moment.The years go swiftly.
Sick of games, wish I cld b told straight up no hiding behind the bush so I can take the right action
The game is rigged.
hope i dint freak u out, scare you or offend u in anyway
LOL. No pics, not the right environment.
looks like we're not hiring interns till summertime.
Love hearing Cleveland's 'Invincible' on NFL network pre draft show!!
I didn't think about doing it that way. Thanks, I'll look into it.
It Watched the movie- Waiting lastnite.and again night now..LOL love the tats on your neck.. : )
It wasn't working and I momentarily freaked because, you know, Game of Thrones.
studying for a state exam
thank you :)
haha! Yeah I know!! It's not fair! Well remember we have just two more exams. And then we are FREE!
into a music store and play their pianos.. :-)
I know
Wish you could combine your website, web store, and blog all into one cohesive website? ...We can help!
Ask yourself, "Am I being productive or just busy?"
Thank you for following - the Custom Tailored Clothing Specialists in New York !
wishing a very #HappyNewYear2012 & pain-free year!
Taking your words to heart, though, for sure...and still have so much to learn.
oh cool! it's a good picture of you. my avi is a little old...I think 2 years haha I'm just too lazy to change it :P
Don't let winter weather keep you inside. Come out 4 happy hour from 4 - 6 pm w/ $2 pints & 1/2 price apps. Then it's Trivia Tuesday at 9 pm
I think you should create a new twitter name .
Another fantastic night of local music at - thanks to the amazing performers and the fans for everything! FanOF
Doing my part to support economy
#aliens directors cut is on cinemax and #princessbride is on another channel going to be tough to work and decide what to watch
I'm sure links will be up on Twitter by halftime
suffering is not an option. I'm suffering looking @ my frowning accountant
Think you'll make an appearance at Austin City Limits this year? :)
RT : Until and catapulted me into the Twittersphere :) //> You had me at hello. 8D
We have cable. I just looked at the tv and it came on. It's like I have super powers tonight.
You were absolutely brilliant on the #edshow tonight. Thank you, for being a voice of reason on this issue!
RT : Broadway Arcade store opened late last night. Still lots of work to do to make it perfect.
Wtf lmfaoo stupid ass immature bitches.
bet she is proud of u 2.
Not at all . RT : Why do I keep seeing the name boosie on my TL.... Is he really that important??
That sound's so good right now. haha xoxox's
sweet, lemme know how much you like it :D
mY NAME IS & i just logged into carls twitter.
Being a girl sucks *sigh*
WOW, you weren't lying when you told me you were
I will not fail this test today!!!
RT : It's TRUE, "ZN AND THE CITY!" Taking #ZUMBA to NYC! Cheers to #ZNing!
Well that's true. Have a good weekend yourself! Namaste. :)
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5934
<U+200B>Your habits are taking over your work, friends, & even the restroom. I fear if you keep going down this path it may ruin & end your life.
Go Steelers!!!
I miss you too! We need to hang out this weekend. I don't think Im doing anything. Are you?
ill tell you tomorrow! Lol
Knee-deep in info about vintage Fujitsu word processors. Thumb-shift keyboards are really nifty.
WTF does swagg really mean anyways?! Its an idiotic term.
: how about letting yur fans text n pay their orders on thier phone?
You know what? That is spot on, lol! :-D!
thts cuz most ppl c u as 3he shy girl who never talks haha
.#ff So Many! To my new Russian followers ALL (70+) (?) I wish you great outcomes in your upcoming elections.Put People NOT Institutions 1st
send some links
Really want to play a high stakes game of scrabble with my old friends.
We were blown away by #FirstSquad last night And then it was extended. SpeedReels says don't miss out on this one!
Hey Milwaukee! Please follow our family in the twitterverse:
I need an extra battery
Tell my editors.
LegalShield. You can only get a membership from an authorized associate. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
UGHH SO TRUE IT GETS ON MY NERVES WHEN I HEAR THAT ANNOYING SENTENCE IN MY EARS!
Hi. You're new nickname is Dyl-Pickle.. alrightt? ;D
Peter Kageyama takes the stage and asks "Why should we emotionally engage with our cities?" What do you think?
lol ikr...That would make my night.
Wishes I was Rygar, fighting beasts and monsters in the middle of nowhere. Defeating them, over and over. That's the life worth living.
forgot to mention, that sign was for a children's swing ride.
one day imma ask u to borrow $400 in hopes that u will actually hand me $1500.
Just booked the Beaumonts for a dinner show Thurs., March 8 at 6:30. Bassist Dave Goldstein's Last gig before going to Boston. Reserve NOW!
Stone Child College defeats Turtle Mountain 80-67 to move on against Blackfeet C.C. #2012AIHEC women's basketball championships...
Let's put this technology to the test! cc RT : Don't forget to cast your vote tonight #SHEA #MARTY or
I liked it! I'll keep watching. :)
basically haha! they all just pass through on their way to rehabbers and such.
he's covered I'm yours :')
#3WordsOfAdvice GET A LIFE
Jim Jung-Un assassinated and Iran shuts down their internet.
Finally I join a gym that plays both "Remedy" and "Lagrange" in the same workout!
Yes, it would be great if lots of people were willing to clean out their self-criticism. Did you see the video?
haha ima have to talk to y'all seperately
ok, if the internet can't help us, i'll come see it again, take a picture of the cards and share it with you....
Let me take a hit if dat doja
Better late than never! How are you amigo?
I am totally blessed watching SBN on my iPhone.
Mama G needs gear! :)
There is only one reason I'm still awake now... #waiting #hopeful <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E><U+260E> #havethingschangedyet?
The random text message he sent me haha! I love him! <3
I miss you miss freckles
11:11 and Say Somethin' are both pure perfection.
Memorial Health System CEO Dr. Larry McEvoy left his position earlier this month.
Home Alone 2 is one of my favorite movies of all time :)
Be looking out for the long awaited album RESURRECTED from Priest-Hood Family. # anointed
... tired ... done studying for now. comfy bed time
Love playing tuba with an organ. It exposes any and all flaws in pitch /intonation.
If Obama offers #Huntsman a job tomorrow, will he take it n put the country first?
can't wait to look at the prom photos that my senior role models, girls, took, i think all three of them were together getting ready too<3
my cousin met you in Brisbane recently with her boyfriend, I'm so jealous! You girls are my biggest inspiration! Xoxo
that's what I want ....
open for dinner come get some good food and enjoy your sunday the right way
Thank you! The SRE was honored to perform in tribute to Yo-Yo. So glad you enjoyed it.
Pitbull performing now!!! Yeeee o!!!! Dale
Just found a $dollar bill on the ground. Gonna be a good day?
watched some sick fireworks last nite with my besties:) <3 so much fun
haha. They'll still be on FSN if you want to get your fix
odd thing I learned today: crocheting something that doesn't look like a scarf makes you popular on the bus. Lots of questions.
Wow~! Listen to Wilbur Ross' most recent interview with Charlie Rose ~! YES~! YES~! YES~!
hahahah "justin beiber" is trending in Atlanta.
“: One time I was giving my ex a blowjob and instead of cumming he peed in my mouth.”LMFAO!!!!
I need you on our mixtape bro DFG Group of the year DM me...
Hi Karol! Just found you through Loved your blog and your mission/message and immediately purchased HTLA.
Could use a little beach this weekend!
I know, all my stuffs in my dads hosue in mullingar, im gonna have to get alex to brng something for m to wear i think!
Everyone is like "Oh please pick me for the ipod", but it brightens up my day even with just a new keek or tweet <3
pa la próxima
Bun B here. The community is here.
yeowch! to me that says "we want to make this very difficult for you" but usually ppl just don't know how inconvenient faxing is
My girlfriend is like Febuary 30th, she doesn't exist.
thanks. Wind made it interesting but fun.
thanks sir! You too.
Anything still happening down there?
-outstanding. Good work!
"You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say." - Luther -- jasonhayes ()
“: I think my BEST FRIENDS and I abuse each other more than the people we hate” haha yeaah (;
If you ladies are looking for some arm candy, I've got plenty of Kit Kats tucked in this shoulder holster
Almost Game Time Let's Go Oregon...
If they get swept, you have to re-tool the team.
Stereotypes exist for a reason! Like the stereotype that says that people who say stereotypes exist for a reason are dumb racists
UCSD. I'm in campus IT/ed tech now instead of the library, but there's overlap. u at CSUF?
Not severe but strong tstorm in northern Waukesha county, torrential rain and hail with this storm moving east into Milwaukee county.
i cant wait til u die and i hope Cena snaps ur neck with a chair. And your eyes gush out while hes stomping your face! Die Die die
thanks doll(:
Deep breaths. Everyone is a little nervous; you'll be great.
I'll DM you on here so if you gotta phone we can text
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Ikujiro Nonaka's model of organizational knowledge creation.
Yeah, I drive a car, but I converted it to run on dark energy
RT we only have 440 to go Follow us and include #myGearStore in your tweet to be eligible for a Free iPod Touch 2G -share!
BORED AS FUCK
cool! RT :Special Black Friday hours, open from 9-7! Enjoy $5 eyebrow waxing & stop in to enter a drawing to win big prizes!
BRIEF: Bloomington Parks &amp; Rec softball - Chicago Tribune
One word PLAYOFFS!!!!
praying!! Love you!!
we re working on it more this week! Just you wait!
#WellingtonBOPandTB I LOVE YOUU!! HI ;) Now say :" i love you too natasha " in caps
that has to be my favorite tweet of the month. Go Sato!
Writing music keeps me going!
When life gets you down, remember that Patrick McIlheran no longer writes for the Journal-Sentinel and things will look a little better.
Baseball season, phresh Rock n' Roll, what could be better, except red meat on the grill?
Like this status if your excited to hear about the TWO shows we are announcing THIS WEEK!!!
Just seen my bitch while riden ((:
this was so sweet of you... proud of you
Gilded Lilys was fantastic! I really enjoyed it!
Excited for my johnsonville morning sausage and packer football, both which will start soon.
hey hey hey
What other pitch festival gives u Universal, Sony, 20th Century Fox, Warner Bros, WME, UTA, Paradigm, Gersh, MGM, ICM?! Exactly!
Mel Kiper's hair is dominating the draft day conversation on ESPN and rightfully so! Follow the 2012 NFL Draft in FanCake!
I hate the feeling of stepping on a hairbrush!! It freaks me out!
20 days left of school.
That's how you forecheck for real!
I heard that is a communist.
Proper nutrition is all about providing your body with a balanced mix of nutrients, minerals, and vitamins
I mean, I don't mind family having a twitter account, just keep it to yourself.
I feel like we all need to go out drinking, think of it as spring training for our livers
Things are busy but good. How about with you?
Hi, It dosent look like u need tips..u look great! Anyway for tips and information, do like me and follow
When I fist saw the #FF tag I thought that people on Twitter were really hip to the #FishFry scene...
RT : We're here at SIC and looking to chat with some talented Designers about joining our team. can you give...
Where 10 friends are lost, an old one is regained c:
he had 17 points in the 4th quarter
and youre going to take your best friend<3
No(: ": Get Started Today $230+ Today, Using Twitter 100% FREE To Join! www.GreatCareerPath [.Info]"
I wish I was at Fenway.
I do that ALL the time! Stood in front of the TA office at ASU for 2-3 minutes once with my car keyfob. DUH!
Does signing up for a future something that scares me count as my scary thing for the day? No? Are you sure?
Love my Pastor Oswald Hart....he always keeps it 100%........Bless
It's gonna be interesting as to how Broncos fans will feel about Manning. They lose Tebow, but gain Manning.
Oh boy, finishing up some income-tax stuff. My favorite thing to do. Where's that tea party going to be held?
I worry a lot.
shit jus work I'm here now I get off at 1 and skool
We think so, too! How is everything in VT? :)
I've forgotten how to "hang out" with people if alcohol isn't involved.
I want ice cream really bad :-)
This has been a very interesting night ... ;D
What ever happened to all that hope and change?
great day of data crunching. I have graphs!
You can be whatever you want when you grow up...except for what you actually want to be.
groceries for my family : Tank of gas : What’s the most expensive luxury item you have bought recently?
you are on a roll tonite with the kanye west!!
Thanks. I wasn't following this specific one but now am.
burnin, the midnight oil again, eh?
Event on SEO Strategies is officially February 28th. Registration details coming soon!
If followed me, I don't know what I'd do..
After taking the red eye from SFO to CLE, who from thinks its a good idea to keep the new blue ambient lights on the whole time?
I mean you'd scar the poor boy for life!
Gonna listen to , & all night because I'm beyond excited to see them tomorrow <33
Even they get on my last nerve, i still love both of them to the end and i knoe theyll always be there. Happy Mothers day Granny & Momma. <3
have so much homework, but no adderall....
What you doing here in naptown
#DecidedToMakeALongHashtagAndIThinkImDoingPrettyWellAtIt. I win (:
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS My high school water polo team from 1979...
Slightly dazed I walk outside and my cars gone..
because Peyton is a Bronco? Baby steps.
thanks and thanks for all that you do - your two books have totally transformed and inspired me - keep rocking!
so are you Catherine's older sister or younger sister?
Or maybe he's trying to tell me something? Like step away from the machine!
red. orange. yellow blue:)
State Rep. John Benson calls it "beyond belief" that Transit amendment is being debated at 2 am - "bring this foolishness to a halt!"
I meant www.westernsmokehousebbq.com. She ain't tweetin' yet y'all.
When exactly did the right to peaceful assembly and protest on the UC campuses disappear?
Gmorning world minus the hangover thank god I stayed home. Time to ride and be a foreman at the malibu house.
Celebrate #caps win by seeing GOON at - best bloody funny foul-mouthed funny hockey film ever! Thursday only!
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips it's turn.
haha is that a hippie?
Young male white actors named "Taylor". Stop it. Stop it now! google George Carlin and male names.
"How can something feel so good knowing that it's wrong ? .."
Always have! Still think y'all are the best of the singing competition shows! Haven't missed a show since season 1!
If I die tweeting just push me off to the side.
Summer 2012 will be AMAZING!!!!
I need a nap already
hey K, are you for real? You have to be joking or you just have no idea what's going on?
How can you not have all day? ~ George Carlin
I say a Hosmer bunt breaks up the perfect game in the 8th.
Refreshments served! For info call: (973) 972-7275 or .
I think that it is time for a new uniform, pal.
holy shit did i black out hard last night
Last night I dreamt that I was at work. Then I woke up and went to work. I didn't think I was a modernist experiment. This blows.
glad you made it back!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: We can break old habit patterns.
Seeking: Regional Director for New York Compliance Consulting Firm Recruiting, hiring, training, managing, and motivating your professional…
Not sure if that gut-wrenching scream and falling sound from upstairs neighbor was the ER kind of noise or the happy kind. cc
and the fares keep going up, service & reliability down.
Well good day everyone..I am outtiezz!!
I want the shoes Kobe are wearing
well you have me on fb twitter and instagram remember i was tge 1st to post up pictures and tag on em. So let me know when next
politics are gross and messy, but no matter how you vote make sure you pay attention. believe in what you're voting for, nobodys right/wrong
haven't been here much this last week startin a new job & have ben sick all week mostly work & sleep but I luv my new job
Mmhmm, that is how I'm taking it. She's jealous of this mousekateer because he will make it big! Afraid of competition.
This is why I don't drink... Ugh
When a bitch call me from they nigga phone saying "this his girl, who you?" -- that dick give em CONFIDENCE!
This ain't your oldl NYC. Someone just bumped me in Times Square & I accidentaly dropped a flyer. 3 ppl immediately told me to pick it up.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 47
Sometimes I think running away is the only solution.
#10waystodie ; eat something poisonous.
Don't do the walk of shame in this awful weather. That's what we're here for. (206)722-7696 24/7
did u just get the patent 4 this? Add inventor to ur resume lol
Not much time for fun reading with a 6/6, but I bought Cloud Atlas and Sense of an Ending in anticipation of May.
Those on the spectrum can make great employees. Thanks for shining a light!
Finishing Lucuma Suspiro prep for Taste of the Nation
Ladies - time for lunch tomorrow? Need to chat with ya.
Boy you ain't gotta be shy , let me know how you feel <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
When you are feeling down, do something for someone else and see how it transforms your state of mind
After a long day sipping on Kendell Jackson and listening to a 90's compilation and to all my ladies Kendell Jackson is patron daddy
could use an intern today. where you at
BLACK FRIDAY SPECIAL: next 3 people who sign up with our HOME Internet service get a free WIRELESS N ROUTER! Call for more info 361-429-4758
No I'm the celebrities call for their kids birtgday parties :) ^_^
not much just trying to survive this awful heat. How r u doing?
Yes didn't go so well..tehy are almost gone ... no will power to throw them away!
Really gonna miss my boys.
first he did****
This rain is brutal.
RIP Jimmy "Junebug" Jackson. Tragic to say goodbye to you so soon.
I just screamed and cheered for five minutes straight! I am SO happy for you Jermaine & for yr futr
ugh this week better go by fast
in Beverly Hills tonight
KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
Watching the amazing Hilary Lindsey and Liz Rose tonight!
loool I didn't get it till I had said it aloud and my friend was like what at jerry? Lolololol
The Artist? Well, #TSN tried. And failed. A silent movie to honor a quiet day. Want sound? Talk to Brian Burke.
Nothing to do today
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho cancels plans at the L A S T minute .
Patrick, that was AMAZING!
Thanks for being our first follower !! You must be a #history buff!
dude I knew that was you! I had just got done getting ink at HFBL...
Joseph Arthur - Honey And The Moon - 10:10 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
That was disgusting.
I can see the library I'll be working in from my #reference classroom. Can't wait to start!
John Steinbeck: Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple, learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
oh ok then I'll get it tomorrow how much did u get
Jefferson picked Duke? Probably a good thing Cslipari backed out on playing Indiana.
Massive mosquito alert & what's the 1st thing I grab? A canvas.. evidently I planned to paint it to death. Now I have to sleep w/1 eye open
Heartbroken. I can't wait til season 2
same here duder! They're one of my favorites! Have you seen them live?
Everyone plz follow my friend
thanks Chris!
Well hun Leviticus 21:14 He must not marry a widow, a divorced woman, or a woman defiled by prostitution.
Trying to fight my sleep, smh
Happy 16th Birthday , I hope you have great one too ((: #YOLM <3
Would like to talk with you about mutual interests. Hope to see you at the show.
today I'm thankful for knowing how to tie my shoes
"Beer Hoptacular!" Adventures in Craft Beer Tasting, Home Brewing & DIY fun this June 4 & 5, Aragon Ballroom, Chicago confirmed! More soon!
Thank you and thank you for seeing me yesterday! I'll be in touch. RT : very cute! And professional :)
Feel shit thanks .
Worst part about mornings: attempting to get out of your warm comfy bed!
u have 5 mil. followers, I have 41...I'm getting there..slowly but surely...lol
call me.!
More like rocket fuel.
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
= who I imagine I'm getting it on with when I'm with my GF
Have a big date tonight. It includes my couch, flannel PJ's, and a bottle of Four Graces given to me by a client.. I absolutely can't wait
Not yet - RT : Has any made a #FullMonty joke yet?
Meeting with committee more; you can call it a "shame culture," but it also amounts to more faculty involvement.
so bored D:
JUSTICE WILL BE MADE. R.I.P TRAYVON .. BUT EVERYONE NEEDS TO NOT GET IGNORANT CUS SHIT COULD LEAD TO WAR AND EXTRA SUCH AND SUCH
your fans #TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it <333
hey dearest friend~how r ya??? ((HUGS)) & ¥kisses¥ luv ya<3
Atta boy CarGo
hey girl hey!
teach me how to tweet some more
We are located on Monona Dr. & Cottage Grove Rd - stop in sometime!
I'd rather not(;
Getting my hair sewn in <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>
Save the warehouse!
few have seen, all can never forget.
U can go harder or U can go HOME
I've been good. Been working extra hard. trying to make this money. HOw have you been MsEradicate?any new ignorant people?
Have a safe & fun July 4th!
Shoot me now.
you are just a wannabe. All your antics and yet nowhere near Floyd in star power
Never say Never<33
Dear UNC, Don't touch the ball on Duke's 3! Thanks.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. ~ Isaac Asimov
Thanks everyone for your concerns!! I am doing just fine. Just want to get back to Vegas in one piece..
Happy Birthday!!!! RT : Everyone go wish the FRO-BOT himself, , a very Happy Birthday!
My heart is heavy today and I'm working through it with tears...
I cannot wait to move.
I'm using CoTweet and not seeing any RT's that I send using its Retweet function. I only see them if I edit to add RT Help?
Living in the sky I can't get no higher than this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Missed Another Tweeting Spree... Maybe Soon My Day Will Come. Have An Amazing Show, Hunter. Love You (:
I'm perpetually 10 min late like my life depends on it.
lets do i t
What a great time we had with the music dealers from the IMAGE group who stopped by for a visit this week!
yes i do! I knew you'd like them <U+E105>
Ok..mom driving me home...I don't know how people function on valium..
There is so much anger brewing inside of me
Subscribe to #YouTube channel. Hit the playlist!!
you are a promoter?
I told my mom she's a facebook hoe >>>
Need to find sum SERIOUS artist to do dis tour wit....
I'm just not believing it
"There's A Place" Lennon sings about the places he retreats to in his mind, but without a careful listen the song seems to be about a gir
THIS is why you are a #goddess ! RT : *smiles* Friends get perks.
It's not about receiving a letter, it's about reading what's in it.
Just received my #google drive invite
Big things for the month of April! Thanks to our newest followers and keep entertaining us with your wonderful tweets!
Man! If I here on more person say, "wow that's a big camera!" I am going to smack 'em up side the head.
The only way a person can be unhappy in love is when he/she interrupts the destiny of a person whose meant to love someone else. <truevoice>
is off to bed knuckle-heads!
EXACTLYY!!! Its the smartest thing ever!!! That way we still stay #Sexyass #skinnybitches!! :)))<3
that's just above our community college! Haha
this will make more sense when you see the Draw Something thing, but : I meant Dec. 23rd
Just keeping the theme consistent.
Sitting in my PJ bottoms & t-shirt at home getting things done! Feels real good, hope everyone is having a great day.
Thanks! And, umm, about that "fools" thing... ;-) You know I'm just kidding!
What is your favorite way to get exercise?
i can't wait to see you play again :) you definitely gotta come to san diego with FOTF!
Just witnessed a woman spray 7 different fragrances on herself.
God has used many4 many battles this week. Fighting2keep people a live. I thank God4using me. Some fights ended N some meeting GOD.
No good at all. Does that mean you're out a job, too?
Why in the world is the news reporting on Duchess's scar and not the change in the laws of succession?
This oral history is compulsively entertaining, though it wraps up before the real golden age of the music video.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers!!!! :):):)
thanks for the photos! Love it there. It's so pretty.
M...will have to try that! Thanks!
When I use my iPhone while it's plugged into my car charger, I feel like I'm using a car phone from the 90's.
this sounds familiar
Proposal accepted for the 2010 conference of KySTE. Designing for online.
we had a wonderful conversation ! Love you sis :)
do u have facebook??
Thanks! Much appreciated!
Set a goal to run 50 miles this month and lose 5 lbs.
Portland can be far too sensitive sometimes. From now on, all jokes we do will be about Canadians, because for some reason it's still okay.
Been at the parade all morning now at pizza hut.I wanna be asleep<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I wonder when the #GOP will issue an official thank you to the president for lowering gas prices....now down 23cents!
I'm house hunting in Atlanta. I am thinking about buying a house.
ok, verizon/apple, announce the stupid verizon iphone already. just do it. come on.
Web hosting contract up later this year. Anyone want to recommend a good, reliable web host?
.500 team with 30 games left, realistically they need to win 20 to sneak into the playoffs. Unrealistic to think they can do it
Thanks so much! She's perfect, we're completely in love with her, can't wait for you to meet her!
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets Alan.
So many men and women deserving of our gratitude and more. Thank you vets.
thanks so much for the well wishes! :)
Standing room only
Instagram is ruining photography! ha!
I think it's bout time I say goodbye
Missing geometry today :)
I'm so in love with my bed
Petition signing day -successful! It was wonderful meeting so many of our neighbors in 5 groups of 2. Pix coming!
My work week is finished. Looking forward to coasting for a few days. Reading Tarot and the Bible by Corinne Heline. Love her books!
My wife, daughter, & I look forward to meeting you, too. Safe travels.
OH SNAP! Look who followed me on Twitter. My day is MADE. Go do your homework.
Sorry Iris has a full book today. But let us know your availability for next week. Looking forward to hearing from you.
omg r u dying?
LMFAO Champagne Showers (EC Twins & Remy Le Duc Remix)....
Congrats to for winning 4 tickets to tomorrow's game! Thanks to everyone who entered!
Looking for Cinematographers,Camera operators & Crew interested in shooting a movie. Email
Women could learn a thing or two from arctic penguins, be cute and don't bitch about shit
2007 Chevriot CA Pinot Noir $12 was pretty darn good. Heavy red cherry aromas, smells kinda dusty, lively on tongue, nice finish going down
Why does etsy have such cute stuff!?
Lol! I was thinking the same thing. Chin down! Chin down!
is it league rule or team rule?
Search on the map the latitude the length allowed MapQuest Consumer selection for the Internet map and routes :-)
I think the key is focusing on how Walker is bad for Wisconsin. We've got a chance with him. Worst case is he won't vote at all.
At the wonderbread factory in my hood. Great scene, happy to see this building being used!
I'm apartment hunting now
It's a Ferris Buller kind of day in Seattle. I wonder how many people called in sick today?
Scott Hall Arrested: Former WWE Star Is Perfect Example of Wasted Talent
whats your favorite clothing line?
: Thanks, Elle! Back-atcha! Glad I was able to make some sense.
Finally out of work. And I'm totally loving this weather! :)
good to see you last night at
Song recommendation: "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
“ Whatever God ALLOWED you to be excluded from, was really just HIM protecting you.”
Back at you.
RT : What challenges do institutions face in leadership when instilling moral & ethical standards?
I need an necklace.(;
Felt like watching an old movie so I'm watching Night and the City with Richard Widmark.
I've done it.. it's hard! esp. for this kind of piece
who making movies? ??!!!
blasting lowkey chick
Geesh I am full.. Back to work ;-)
Going to to see what art is showing.
I hope i can get some miami fans to join my twitter page, i have to rep for my 305 friends ;)
Happy St. Patricks Day tweeps, don't forget to wear your "Green" Bay Packers green today!! ;-)
Good Luck to the #Brewers tonight!!!! Brewers vs. Cardinals tonight at 8:05pm Eastern on TBS
thank you! Glad ppl liked the geeky me ;)
Peace, love and Music!
Kitchen Nightmares is on CMT.
I hate when I try and help a friend feel better and it doesn't help.. /;
you are already paying for it. They call it the ER.
Siona Benjamin an Indian Jewish artist living in New Jersey. struggling with identity issues Check out her art www.zanbeelart.com
Montaluce Winery is Sells its wines online to Georgia buyers
No Prob. Will Do! Follow Me Bak!
Perf! 8pm? Where again? I think I totally lost my confirmation on it. I can't find the deets ANYWHERE.
I wanna dance, and love, and dance again
them and idk what to do D:
Let me get this straight - you need a photo ID to take an SAT to prevent cheating, but you don't need one to vote. What a country!
Always be diffrent and unique
Facebook just bought instragram.
Melo is my nigga but I don't fuck with the Knicks
thanks for letting us know! We'll get right on it. (didn't think anyone was checking that feed, to be honest)
I don't have shelves in my office. Just filing cabinets. So I can have invisible standards.
Officially a #lin fan.... #NBA Go #Knicks!!
#shoutout to all my new followers
Our next play is SQUAWK It's from Feb. 16-26. It is a fun play about peace, imagination, and features some feathered friends! check it out!
I think that girl deserves her own subscription! ;-)
I disagree. The safety of a billion dollar industry should concern the senate.
Maddox=out of control...can you please stop crying for two seconds?!
congrats on the Babe Ruth award. Let's go 2012....Freese for MVP!
no he at work to :(
Phone battery death = problematic when you have much to tweet! Lessons for next time. & Thank you staffers for the #SILtweetup!
A much deserved shower of sweetness! I had the Midan Al-Tahrir and a chard I believe, unless it was a chard blend....
hey do u still wanna be my wife xx
from discussing emphasis placed on comm at his shop - tool for driving impact
Ehh gym . Tryna build my body
I heart people watching - its so much fun
Regretting the dirty chai at Starbucks. I just don't love all their sugar / bitter espresso anymore. Need me some Espresso Profeta Westwood.
true story. but still!!!
happy birthday & :)
Dinner menu: mashed potatoes, snapped green beans, barbecue lamb, and some cornbread. Mmmmhmmmm. Can't wait till 6!
You know what its the ones you care about most that dont give a shit about you...and the ones you push away that care way too much
you are awesome and such an encouragment to all of us ...and you still need to give me a call this week!
get me out of Chicago already!
Bc, really, we dont all use iPhones or build them, but everyone uses plastic, drives, or breathes. Oh & they call Exxon HQ 'The Death Star'
going to the gym everyday starting today
RT : We're giving away a Roku a day until xmas! Answer holiday trivia for chance to win. Stay tuned for 1st round!
hope your knee is good bro Spartans need you go state!!
Really proud of the #lacuevabears boys #trackandfield team 4 being JV City Champs! We won 3 relays, the 100,200,400, and both hurdle races!
what would you like me to call you?
The funny thing is...I truly believe Twitter is at the most basic level a more valuable company than Facebook.
Sunflower Cupcake Cake for $12.95! Is that right?!
if you wear crocs,
Hope you've been enjoying the videos, but it looks like I have to tell YouTube to stop posting every little thing I do! :-)
Accountability is about ensuring that the things that have to be done to reach your busines goals, get done. It all starts with you.
its interesting going to a spanish ward... very interesting ;)
#democrabeep to the people on the Sauk City bridge!
Same to you Dan!
Now it's time to drink.
its a been a long while since i been on here..ima start getting back on here
would you and ever do a song about man purses and man skirts?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm curious to learn why no one from class is commenting or collaborating on our page? Are you thinking the semester is over?
that awkward moment when youre in a crowd of people & you accidentally hold a guy's hand next to you thinking its your boyfriend's hand
Who against the heat tonite?
Check engine light on again<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> wtf man!!!!!
In baseball, Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals are closing in on a deadline to hammer out a new contract. www.coachescorner.com
Smh, i have nothing to even say!
sorry. I cringe a the thought.
Im getting nervous o.O
happy 16th love ya ellen <3
Hm, i feel horrible that I feel like i should know what A and M ur speaking of. I was thinkin' S and D! lol
woo that's awesome!! :D
I want a sunbed!!
I have some DJ's gigs for a catering company in San Antonio for events such as Weddings, Proms, etc with GREAT PAY and paid travel
what time do gates open?
TONIGHT ON THE PULSE!!! and live in the mix from 1-4 AM with and !!!!!!!
are you cleaning?
Okay, clearly you are horribly out of touch with how things work in NYC. More SAG=More competitors. Simple math.
That is a fantastic deal. better than some of the music I won on ebay today.
that's right. Now you have to come back. Thanks for being a part of today and giving us you valuable feedback!
NYC temps. in the 70s and Dallas temps.about 40s. Whats wrong with this picture?
Check out the #RedCarpet tomorrow and then join us for a wonderful evening of music
I think this has a chance at being, quite literally, the most adorable thing I've ever seen.
tell him he more than welcome.! Ima come kidnap him so he can stay w/ me lol. He so freakin cutee.!!!!
<3 love you two so much. I hope you're both having a wonderful Mother's Day ^_^
if it turns out good
thanks for following us, look forward to learning more about VT store!!
you know it! I've been saying that for weeks now! Someone will listen eventually.
Ans: The 18th Amendment. Pres. Wilson attempted to veto the Volstead Act, but was overridden by Congress a day later.
Nice!!!! I'm gonna check it out now!
RT : Planning for is well under way! We have a fantastic line up of speakers for our own theatre. It's going to be...
That's awesome to hear, I'll have to check them out. Kinda gave up on them a few years ago.
#Shabbatshalom! Tomorrow - services and special guest Consul General of Israel to NY, Ido Aharoni - hope to see you there!
Never criticize Americans. They have the best taste that money can buy. ~ Miles Kington
Thanks! SPTS has a new guide. I think it helped. EIM's prep is too indepth for the exam but a good review for sure
I'm not really feeling this whole school thing today..
Heat got them a win now it's time for the thunders.... LETS Go OKC
So cute! I live with my sister and it's the best.
You killed it last night in Massacre. Thank you for your courageous performance!
thank you so much.
My family gives me strength. Just enough to not kill them all.
exhausted just got in say a prayer or two for me and my fam tonight
I expect, like me, you'll be both, in that order.
": I use to give a damn, but I never gave a fuck."
Allergies mom :(
Finally on non-reporting probation *thanks God* hope everyone has a wonderful day *blows tweeters kisses*
Fine-Grained Semantic Annotation Meeting for next 2 days.
Anyone got a cure for a quarter life crisis? I'm at a crossroads and don't know where to turn...
teresa!! Hoping to see you on the 21st!! Can't wait to check out your cookbook and meet you in person! xx
From a 3rd year guy. Jennings on Leuer: "Rook came in and did great job. might have to give him the day off tomorrow."
CakePHP rocks it in a big way. Really big. Sure it's got its performance issues, but talk about flexibility!!
I didn't need to leave my chair!
How many feet is the Ferris wheel at Navy Pier in Chicago? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to The Second City Performance....
Facebook changed their new layout & everyone hates it. Looks like I'm buying stock in #Google because Google+ will be gaining new users 2day
Thank you for visiting The Lube!
I just awoke from a very deep sleep and feel so much better. Wow, what a day...
Going to san diego at the end of the month for high school reunion
go to work.
kids that rip is awsome we go every sat nite Jeff Hewitt built that place for the other jeff so his kids can train to skate
Trust me man I'd love to get out that way!
"The day that's after our heart!" Love it. Éirinn go Brách!
Omg Lol like they just sit there & keep annoying you on purpose, sometimes im just like go away or i'll stab u in ur eye lmao
I back this
"And that's the day I realized I could do better."
Night guys!!
I'd get mad about the #Sabres but I rather do what they do: shrug and state cliches.
Reverbnation got the track ''Unheard Cries'' as a download hooked up directly to paypal
haha take him and his sweater. Flight? I can be of some help.
How blessed are you to have Austin ad your nephew?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! LUV YOU :)
Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time on you, but I can't let go.
omg. What did they do to 21 jump street ? Just saw a trailer that horrified me!
Awww got my little cap and gown for graduation. :)
Terry Bradshaw, treats it like it's just a game and the fans can relate to him.
. thank you for the shout out! it seems the legislation is sweeping the nation so hopefully we'll see you in MN!
also legs on shoulders really good one just lay back, minus the giz in the Belly button though lol
I need to be on vocal rest from now on. I'm losing my voice from screaming and being sick.
Ex-Oriole Clay Rapada coming in with a righty hitter on deck. Rapada has been, uh, not good vs. righties in his career.
Just finished runnin on the treadmill. I told my mom I couldnt run anymore & she said just imagine waitin for u wen ur done
You're rich if other ppl's poverty prospers u. The US would be more secure if half the defense budget aided the world's truly impoverished.
I'm almost positive I'll cry too!
I've been busy with work. Other than that I'm great.. And yourself?:)
We extend our sympathy.
Chiana:When you come home every day my dreams come true. Literally. I actually dream about you coming home.
Ed has his own gym now called Trials MMA in Fort Collins, CO.
Just type Black Ops 2 on youtube, click filter and click uploaded today
RT : NEW Blog Post by "Recipe for Foie Gras & Pecan Crack Snack" Washington's City Club Charity...
and i wasted important saturdays.
Hey! I swear I saw you at this gym last night lifting and almost ran into the window
have u finished ur vid yet????
Cracked and bought a pack. Broke my eleven day streak.
Have Good Time At Class Ill Be Thing About You LOL
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy shot of Jameson, and that's kind of the same thing.
In the lib cafe and there aren't any LDPeople here
Happy Star Wars Day it is.
Gateway to Graduation Workshop was great
RT : SOUTH CAROLINA: Gingrich Leads Romney By Two Wives - Mr Borowitz, keep the grins coming plz! Must #FF:
Lmao! Yippee, its Friday! Oh crap..I have a retail store...tomorrow is my Friday! :( Nice tie Glenn.
Never have more children than you have car windows. Erma Bombeck
So over applying for jobs...
Come back #Naptown chill again. RT : Uh oh! Devin The Dude is on twitter. Follow him
sweet! Without activism, nothing would change!
So I just noticed Jeff Francoeur all of a sudden has 19 SB's huh? did he all of a sudden get faster?
...is it gonna cover the testicles on your back?
Terrific Constant Contact seminar going on: Grow Your Business on Facebook #ctctfb - recorded session and PDF download available after
I went to Tattoo Mania on Sunset with some friends. Only place open late and easy design
Someone's replaced my nephew with a GIANT. On the plus side: he still laughs and chats in his sleep. Annoying to parents, cute to Aunt Bevie
i cant wait to see you & the boyz back on ABDC!<U+E414> #BoyzAreBack #BoyzHitABDC <U+E106>
Who will Long Shot Podcast's elusive 1,000th Twitter follower be???
Very helpful article. Thanks for sharing this :)
A day I'll never forget .. At least my sisters home <U+2665>
GET THIS GIRL SOME MEAT!!!!!!!
SPOTTED. Saw the sweet little face of randomly in a stream!!
It is normal to want to be connected to another.
Hello from Twitter! We are looking forward to your concert with us at the end of the month! :)
UGH SOO FRUSTRATED.!! LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH.!!
better be lol
Millions Watch and Share Film Aiming to Stop Ugandan LRA Leader
Decided to stop dragging my accounting knuckles and give a try. Like what I see so far.
I wasn't! I was sidelined with a date called sleep. Lol. I kno I kno that's bad! Shame on me. Heard it was great.
Yeah......you hoes know!
Panera for me too late lunch though.
Looks like a 2012 Acura RDX a pretty white one
Who's going to see #Yes and #PeterFrampton on June 23rd?
Be good this Cinco De Mayo...Dont drive drunk...No Fighting...& wear your seat belts...there will be check points...be safe <3
RT : Getting ready for #MichaelJackson show tonight tonight by pumping Greatest Hits in office right now.
weak. my pone isn't cool enough to support getting messages from twitter. by poor blows, but it's still better than jail.
Well i'm freaking shaking right now xD It's cold in my house. Like an igloo. Turned on the heated blanket, have some coffee. So....G'Night<3
I finally have a cool Twitter name I have to have something Hunger Games and thought of Peeniss
already left but will release one cc-by-a on flickr of the dragon :) (it's on my camera)
So, Cap'n Blatche will be appropriately purchasing a three-toed sloth now, right?
That Durant dunk was nasty!
fashion styling tip: 15min AHEAD, you're on time. On time, you're LATE. 15min LATE, you better pray they love your work.
Yes... I love listening to on #americanidol almost as much as visiting today!
Self-reflectiveness over the game design process is refreshing. Yes, we're human, we make decisions, and mistakes.
Warning: Fells Point el. al. Cars must be removed from city snow emergency routes. Abandoned vehicles will be ticketed and towed.
Ooh you Liked my tweet? Now I know your dtf
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
yes you did once
OMG. :D legitimate
Thanks for following I already did follow you all. Just mention me if you were not:)
Hey! How you been? Nama nala y
#fridaylistens - still working on and loving Caleb's Crossing by Brooks
The best advice I got last year: "Your discomfort doesn't matter." Sounds harsh but typically true.
What is wrong with the #NBC #SuperBowl graphics? Why cut off half the N of the NY on the down marker? Did you test these things out?
...who are you and what have you done with ?
I was just messin with you cause you said you were speaking the Truth!
I think your hair is staying dry, but you never know maybe we'll see a
You should.Do you want me ?
same here!
COYOTES SCORE!!! MORRIS FROM THE RED LINE!!! WOOHOO!!!
Haha right back atcha brotha! Hope all is good on your end! Any new word on Emerge in Sea? ;)
we found a cigarette butt in my cat's stomach :p
I will. Next Saturday
Free screening of POE [..and the museum of lost arts] Fri 3/9, Harvestworks Media Arts Center, 7-9pm. Please RSVP to
Probably won't go out actually! Skyrim!
bored...exhale
distance runners do alot more work then sprinters do
I'm great how are you? :)
Seems the biggest complaint with changes is that FB has the audacity to think it should decide what content is important to users.
Brilliant! Tasty? RT And here is our coveted 'Currytini' #cocktail in all its glory! pic.twitter.com/DAuCI9y
LUCKY CHANCHITO SURVIVES FALL OFF BOOKSHELF
Just pulled a curriculum planning all-nighter - nursing a history hangover.
congrats dude! Best luck to you! See you at #NFFTY2012!
Thanks to UNFCCC! Please keep up the good work :) And heartfelt greetings to Bonn, home :)
well good luck to you on that. Sincerly Big Fan :)
Opening Thursday. Acting Program presents, The Small of Her Back by Dana Lynn Formby.
was urs an open or closed sort? How did u analyze the data?
Senate #republicans just blocked the #buffettrule to close corporate tax loop holes.
Xray at ten oclock this morning to tell me whether or not my lung is expanding or deflating.
is attending the African Diaspora Business Initiative Conference in Detroit on March 29-30, 2011.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed all my sexy followers lol .. Im lying
If you snooze you loose
405 closure? Take surface streets. Get to know your city. Or take a chopper taxi @ $150 per person. Better yet, ride a horse.
You have an email for beats fam?
Shout out for Creative Commons licensing!
I'm about to go all Patrick Kane up on this bar tonight!
not sure Noel could spell ACT or SAT little less pass them
RT : New census bureau opening in Atlanta this month; lots of unpublished data. Accepting research proposals. Census.gov
idk I saw it in the news last night in the ER
Manny its ok cuz when the world is going to hell ill be there for u :D
Silly boy.
I think I just invented the #Next #ExtremeSport, #TerroristHunting.. Why #PayTheArmy when #RedNecks would #DoItForFree.??
I watch much worse stuff than Glee! Confessions best made in person, over a drink.
No typa GM love <<
More often than I'd like to admit.
About to chat it up via Ustream with & lots of other macers :)
Lol, Rachel as Tina!
You betcha we did! RT : the picture you sent me just made me die. also just followed me.. ayyy
Someone at SciFi is either trying to be clever or not very original.
ISS really fucking sucks.. But at least I'm writing my senior speech <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
A 2nd nap?
"Tonight is the night" and "Good feeling" and "Stronger" and I could go on and on :)
I say we jump right up to Albert Paley's Sentinel!! You'd look great in a Guinness Book of World Records tee
you going to the game tomorrow ?
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing. I just don't live there anymore.
The Walking Dead: Episode 1 Launch Trailer: Here's the launch trailer for The Walking Dead: Episode 1, available ...
Just saw at taco bell! :P
I think you mean 7 out of 25 b/c 1 in 4 is just ridiculous.
Bitch is cushin soft !
Today's gift card winner is DANI COMBS. Congratulations!
why are you so adorable? Haha love ya:P
ripping up my pool fence :) cant wait for summer 12 <3
dont worry ad baby I'm sorry I couldn't reaping my phone was going crazy like it wouldn't let me use it :'/
Great night cooking at St. Jack followed up by Karaoke at GalaXy room. What a night!
How about Wonderwoman?
"always stay kidrauhl, always stay on god's side"
There goes our #2 seed, fiddle sticks! I don't even know who John Salmons is, but we would make a cute couple!
HOLY MACARONI!!! It's cold outside!!! My drumstick is shrinking!
u do what u got 2 do
i am the dork who goes "milk delivery tomorrow, yay!" :3
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee? <U+2665> <U+2665>
...beautiful the way things work out sometimes, huh?
Jason ass a bitch!
Some ppl need a gps cuz they really need guidance
Vote in the primary tomorrow! Good luck
That's where empathy and love for your fellow man, rich or poor, comes in.
you wanna come host top 7 at 7 tonight?
I accepted this world, & all the ugly that comes with living.
How many people does it take to break up a Ronnie and Sammi fight
with a partner of the opposite sex more than I do with having/wanting kids....
I die laughing every time I see Dirk Diggler sing "The Touch" in Boogie Nights.
I am a Tea Bagging mud hopper poor little rich boy.
I couldn't get to the restaurant I wanted to go to because they were filming a movie on the streets, rude with
17 more days
What will you sell once all content is free?
you weak that I wasn't in your avi
Oh. They're in the lock of the car door. Of course.
We'll be closing at 3pm today & will be closed all day tomorrow, but we'll be ready for you on Friday with some awesome shopping deals!
Actually made it to the gym two days in a row for the first time in weeks!! Not looking good for next week though...
S/O to our new follower 'preciate it.
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
THANK YOU for making my Friday's delicious!!!!
#notoriousNYT RT : I've been so busy lately I haven't had time to properly maintain my beef with the West Coast developers.
Thank you...you too!
ugh... idon't feel good hurry up iftar
sounds like you're going to have fun! good luck.
I. DON'T. UNDERSTAND. Why do good things feel bad and bad things feel right. I'm working on giving it all to Him but it just hurts.
Avengers with :)
Yet to meet a man better at staining his clothing at lunchtime so consistently
RT : soca music came and set me free << LIVE SOCA!!
hope you have a great time in Boston! HUGE fan of your work.
Could be saving some money with Geico.
Funny - last time I watched #Madonna on #Nightline was when it aired the full version of 'Justify My Love.' Really toned down her image huh?
The snow is raining.
On the homestretch of my 4th conference/meeting this month. I'm going to need some serious "me time".
why is it that everything you say is so wise? And now, Madonna? My respect deepens.
aw haha thats cute wow he loves u c:
That is a great idea! Bring you bike to #SMBMAD and we can do laps around the business park
Have you checked out the historic sound that has been runnin the streets?
beach volleyball?
Congrats also to alum/faculty , , , , Carl Maraghi, Xavier Davis & Steve Wilson!
Booth at #rockcon is set up! Here we go...
Lots of spots open on the bike this weekend. Get a group together and book a pub crawl with us!
Great response from Dr. Levinson. Very pleased that she is part of our team. The symposium is off to an inspiring start.
oh that stinks umm if u google it you can get some links to websites where u can watch it for free
Uploaded the final mix of Honesty to my reverbnation account. www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret Thx to Chris Manning for a lovely mix!
Y chao :D
society or parents? I blame parents.
": Less friends, less bullshit."
Cant wait! #Entourage season premiere tonight on HBO... heard it's going to be an interesting season...
...I'll release two new demos next weekend! One for my new single coming out the following week and one I'm just currently working on now =D
Feeling very cool after Twitter informed me that is following me. Massively influential teacher & the queen of informed design.
I'm about to go buy some chocolate. I can't hold out any longer! :(
.Your getting married to Vinny 4 days before my bday?! #sweetness!
It's ok we all eff up from time to time! No worries!! : ) good luck!
Ack wait I thought the book club was next week?
Next show in Chicago: 3/11/12! Be there. It's FREE!
Nails done. Check. Tanning. Check. Gotta get birthday beautiful. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
A script is not curriculum!
Watching infomercials on mute is highly entertaining. The presenters are very expressive. Notice it more when you take their words away.
I'm like.ugh. haha Knotts was good and the times with & omg the things that were said xD
get your facts straight. Whites don't slaughter blacks, blacks slaughter blacks. 93% blacks killed by other blacks.
My life recently: one gross awkward situation after another :(
i don't know I'm weird
either saaturday or I leave monday not sure yet I will let u know sweetie
raunchy seniors...
seems papa really loves Disney Lore though. I'll test his knowledge next week.
Yes we read a chapter then answer a question or 2 posted by the principal then we must read a post to another teachers post
tell her ass to back tf up before I do
..um no, was I not drinking like a fish the other night!!?!?.....the name just kinda jumped up an bit me..strange<U+E40D>
Also so proud to be a product of Despite the prejudice targeted at us, tonight we showed how great we can be.
Thank You ! #ratcity roller girls. You and your fans are welcome in our house anytime.
Some of us don't get the picture until its too late.
Reconnecting w/ great people on #li -You don't realize how many people you've met, done business with, etc. until you ignite your 90's .pst
SOG 25-6 #Bruins with more than half a game to play
Rule #2: The new email will be political fundraising solicitations.
Ryan hacker and northbrook cronies. :)
Tonight i will be at Café Alma For IV Poets - tonight Made son features and we will roll deep
An Apple E-Book Rule Tightens
Celebrated the season with colleagues last night and enjoyed extravagant sushi dinner courtesy of — Good times.
Pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world. Jack Kerouac,hb
your voice is underestimated
"Come Morning" is getting organized. Principal filming begins on October 8th in Kingsland, Arkansas.
US prescription drug abuse abetted by family, friends -study - Reuters
": Best moto vid line, "Just take it, like a floozie" #evansacres" here to rip a couple huge holeshots! #washougal motor away
RT : Looking for an open source alternative for #socbiz? Contact for an demo!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils! ~ Louis Hector Berlioz
This lady is eating her deceased husband's cremated remains! Mental illness is real folksm
Is there anyone less inspiring than ?
Every moment, every breath provides an opportunity to grow as an artist.
I hope so too! Is there a chance you might have to work wife?
I'm thinking of turning lemons into lemonade by using a busted HDD as an excuse to buy a SSD to replace it. Any suggestions?
I forgot was still on. He used to be funny, before he got lazy and thefell into using the unfunny Geoff the robot. Off go ...
lol um u suppose to say I'm waiting
I never thought to use that but yeah I'm definitely gonna be doing that now. Why are you still up?
6th Period Was Stupid...... & Lame.. All them Fucking Special Kids Messin With Me & All Them Fake Friends
awh thank you!! :)
Absolutly, screw this gorgeous sunny weather Im gonna be drink in front my tv instead of by my pool for 4hours today. Thanks
The irony is how it would begin to rain immediately after Memphis in May.
No Dice!!! Let's Go Offense!!!
Happy 100th New Mexico!!!
RT : #bigdataweek was awsm. Exchanged big ideas w/ sum interesting ppl. Wish all the best w/ his humongous jet lag.
I just realized i have never seen 'The Manster'...worth a watch?
Nice! NRT : My first-aid kit contains two pints of coffee with an I.V. hookup.
Old Yeller by Fred Gipson: Dog dies.
We are VERY much at odds right now.
From Perry's prepared remarks: "*NOTE: Gov. Perry sometimes deviates from prepared remarks."
. is on a Twitter rampage right now. If you don't follow Barney, you're missing out at life. And CAPS.
hahah no your not lol it's their loss anyway
The other Marvels don't come until the TV movies. This is pure Hulk. Also, no supervillains.
Wow! USA men fail to qualify for 2012 Olympics. Stunned and saddened.
Why is she rolling on the ground though?!? Maury is crackin up. Lol
Ok..Time to make some moves!
"Kenneth Noland was born on this date in 1924. Here's "Lotus," 1962, from the 's collection..."
My phone does no numbers like I uSed to...smh
What are the last thing this world needs for a thousand, Alex.
8 budget cuts kids face as they head back to #school—what parents need to know: bit.ly/q3263a (via ).
This shit complicated
ON MY JOURNEY HOME. End of life care handbook that every family member should have as they walk hand in hand on their journey home!
If God made us all equal than why can't I jump as high as the average black person
-- have a great #CakesForCancer Pancake Breakfast today. Great work supporting kids & families at Brent's Place!
All fruit breakfast, M M good! RT : I started my day off with a nutritional breakfast. I hope you did the same. :)
“: Sent in some sound clips to today. Looking forward to hearing what they have to say."
Could just be a remodel, or new space. Well, it could.
Less than 6 hours until the start of the MLS Season...
Which one? Picstitch?
Where can I send you fanmail to? :)
alright. let's take the coding in this direction.
busted! I wasnt... I was playing for #tigerblood. Big win though! 2012 is our year!
make me daddy ;)
follow back :)
I still LOVE you guys. I miss swimming <3
k well I retreated and u didn't keep ur word so I'm deleting.
im still waiting for our date!!
that awkward moment when you're walking around in heels and you're as tall as your dad.
#WhyILoveYou because you are selfless and considerate and loving.
its 2 in the fuckin afternoon and im enjoying a chocholate pop-tart and the bigest bowl of fruity pebbles EVER!!! life is great (:
is it the person who did that to me?
dude... That was like from 3 weeks ago!!!!! Haha IM SO OVER THEM!!!
What type of wine is best paired with brie?
Round of golf to the sound of Indy Cars practicing at the track. Love May in Indiana!
Arrgggh!!! Ya dig?
woaaah I was out last weekend & you were no where to be found! I'll be around next weekend so we can all do something!
Now Marky Mark's burger venture apparently stole the old #WPOP logo - - what's next? Hijack of HOG commercials?
cool. When you know what you want to do let us know. We'd love to get you into a class & take you to lunch.()
Today's museum field trip:
Everyone is trying to kiss Octavia Spencer and she just wants to get to the stage
You say some bad things are being tweeted about me. I am sorry to hear that as I am really a good guy!
Yup. We're looking into it.
agreed! RT : Naked pizza m
wonders if someone driving a VW bug knows they are causing fistfights wherever they go.
how long is he with y'all
Not this white kid. :)
But let me shut the fuck up and keep checking my emails as I watch the ID Channel. I need to go to ID CHANNEL REHAB too shit
I wonder how many followers I'd have if I had a pair of nice breast.
We like it!
LEts get out!
congrats!!! When is the next interview?
#iDigBio Larry Page - iDigBio will be a portal for biological collection information
Why would u want to? They r ex's fir a reason!RT : You can't be friends with your ex. Don't argue. It's fact.
ha if the game ever starts!
game night?
so a rumor has been going around that Harry is bisexual... i completely support him if he is but can you confirm or deny it?
How excited is everyone for New Zealand Wine Day!? #NZ #Wine Which of the 59 wines in the Complexity portfolio are you most excited for?
If it is to be, it needs to come from me...
Following you on Facebook now
14 days till I'm chilling down the shore.
lOl! Ah I have that same shirt you have :D
im saying, theres no monopoly gentleman on it anymore
2 much bad news this week 4 me. Michael Jackson's doctor found guilty, Joe Frazier died, Heavy D died, Joe Paterno fired, riots @ Penn State
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "No, I don't want sushi."
FRIDAY! Have a great weekend friends!
Chuckling as guy on airport shuttle is talking into his phone. With earbuds & microphone connected. Should I say something?
Dropped $63 at comic store, all new single issues - yipes - DvL
Thanks Faythe! It's a fact, we are about to do this. Get your proposal to MK-Eat and lets have dinner and help make art....
DM me where you want it sent to and I'll mail it straight to you when I get the package. You are seriously a great dude, thx
Everything big, starts out small.
I'm able to get signal all over the conference whether 3G/Edge/Wifi. I'm betting it's the lack of cats.
idk really we was just tired of living there
Go SPIDERS!!! Way to defeat Moorehead State and make it to the Sweet Sixteen!
Winter Storm Warnings/Advisories cont for immediate area, friends. Totals up to 8" likely. Blowing and drifting will pick up this aft, too.
Computer diagnosis: totally f'ed!
Happy Birthday Logans Mom! :D
Observations don't have2 be cumbersome:Some principals intimidated by process- weren't effective tchrs themselves
It's a fun show! Just know that it's not like his street magic since it's on the stage :)
make me come alive
pussy control
Any requests for new items? I have lots of neon signs for sports teams available upon request. Let me know @
Follow us and tell everyone to like our fb page!!!!! :)
definite no no
I feel like I'm annoying...
happy birthday from your biggest fan ever I hope that you have had a great one and will continue to have a great one ~iloveyou~
yup, it would fit and make a nice print. Thanks regarding the tweets - I do what I can :)
« Never lie to a #Scorpio. They will never let that bullshit slide.»
What the fucks on my Facebook wall??
#timetraveler RT take a trip to the past and tell me I was right..
It's here!!!! Packers and Saints..."Rodger" that Bitches ; )
I don't chase them, I replace them.
more jokes for that special
I wonder whom the Log Cabin Republicans are going to vote for now.
Get dysFUNKy album for free while you can!!! They are uploading it on soundcloud now. I'll RT links when they tweet or follow
Have tennis in a few!!
Chastity Bono should be our next president!
Scratch that. It would be nice if someone other than Granger took some threes.
and thanks for keeping an eye out
many, many *hugs* take care of yourself tonight and remember that you did what you needed to in order to keep everyone safe.
I hate knowing I don't have any free Wednesdays or every other weekends because of my dad. I'm tempted to sign that paper to not have to
Tropical #Shakeology with Almond Milk Yummy and Nutritious! “: What's for breakfast?”
Despite decades of religious strife, it turns out that conservative Christians do agree on something: Almost all of them use birth control.
Who wants to read my thesis this weekend?
Not sure the dudes will be into this.
Neat. Thanks for pointing it out.
H3yyy tweepz i miss yuh been bisy soo much were touring in north carolina next week so u guyz get ready! #darksecret also like us on fb
Great! Would love to be kept in the loop! I work with & - have yummy products & proudly
Exxon profited $453 billion in 2011, paid no federal taxes and continues to receive GOP-backed subsidies. And high gas $ is Obama's fault?
old man farts are the best!
We'll tell you when you're older. ;)
Science hates me. And I'm pretty sure physics feels the same.
Does Stephanie ask "why are you working in the dark?" Tom does and I feel like a loser.
will the webinar repeat?? Or be available by video? I am attending another webinar at the same time!
definitely a good thing. Keep em' coming as fast as possible
pick me up on your way over
started out the day with 161$ ending the day with 83.09$..... pac sun is so tempting.
On I-75 S to Ohio: 40 flavors of beef jerky. We are not a gas station.
I`m going to bamboozle on sunday,omg. Afjjdjsjsjs
Enjoy the little things cause one day you will look back and realize they were the big things!
Why I just came across Brian McKnight new song If you ready to learn this dude talking bout let me show you how your Pussy wrk...smh
Points might be tough to come by
ARCHNEMESIS & DRFAMEUS (Allen Aucoin of The Disco Biscuits) at Canal Club with DJ ALX tonight at Canal Club
depends on perspective/each situation, can go both ways. Having done athlete relations 4 mobile cos -complicated w/Samsung
You should be afraid! jk! I think you will be more responsible than I was :)
Hi, do you know how I could contact Samira Ibrahim for an article at No luck through Twitter. thank you!
Mind is trippin! Sorce code was good
Someone tweet me
Clemson Arts Center to host exhibition May 4 to June 15
hah oh cause me n vicky was like omg lol
LeBron James' 28.3 scoring average in potential series-clinching games is 5th-best in #NBA history.
Looking forward to taking the little man on a run tonight. Hope the wind stays calm!
My sleeping schedule got all ruined because of STAAR. ;c
This summer I plan to be finished with writing my book.
We're talking city income taxes. CPA's say they're confusing. Would you agree?
uh can't sleep
where does one bid?
check out my music I'm really influenced by 3oh3
Spent a lovely afternoon with Kirk of Zero+ Publishing and examining the artist boxes by Blaine Fontana and Above. Mother's Day came early!
RT : GOOD PASTA BROTHER!!!!
Oh!!! I say Rios, Garcia could barely deal with a %80 Morales RT : how about Danny Garcia vs Rios at 140
Finally Here, last week of instruction
I LOVE this!! Wonderful idea!
Is gathering signatures to REPEAL Prop 8! Equal marriage rights now! :)
Sadly I'm obsessed with the Doritos Tacos - not good for numerous reasons. Reason #2...asking Dan to go there was pure agony.
Somehow I KNEW Calloway wud say Aniston. In fact u cud hav said most anyone vs Aniston&he will go w/Aniston.
My right hand is so weak that I can't even use nail clippers. Sigh.
i watchin the Trapped Haitian Nights
i'm happy to see that. i wonder if they will ever roll the recycling program out to apartments too.
What do you think about TheNostalgiaCritic ?
Tonight! Join us #SaturdaySessions then after-ups DM us for RSVP/Tables
itll be easy
Just a reminder....Valentines Day tomorrow!!! We are open today until 6PM
and we're back!
For sure. I just hope you didn't yell your head off about it at a Holiday Stationstore.
Impressive student films at
Ok guise i have to try to sleep ! Goodnight #twitterLuvviess ;)
I am a modern woman.
Gotta love looking at the extended forecast and seeing a chance of storms every single day
You go, Chris Davis. Darnell McDonald on the other hand, smooth.
When flying out of Las Vegas, avoid Sunday morning flights.
Thanks for the post guys!
It is always so astonishing when you come across a bad movie and imagine the millions spent on a poorly done story. You just wonder what if
trial by fire
Woww everyone hates me. I had 337 followers..now i have 331? Thanks.
Checking out the Harmony Project of Los Angeles
ATL to Wisconsin for my good friends wedding! 14 hour drive leggo!
So much for running errands this morning.
RT : Offline skills are just as important as online skills.
<3 getting in some cardio before I rip apart my chest with Matt :) ONE WEEK until the NY PRO.... Whose coming out to TriBeCa??
RT You dudes that pick on women, have secret love affairs with men. You despise women because you're envious.//For real.
The only reason I've even logged into Twitter today? After all this time?
Ontario mills today.(:
Hey PBR fans come grab some Pabst before and after all the events at the DOME DOWNTOWN!
NY Congressman Anthony Weiner apologizes for sending lewd photo to young woman over Twitter. Admits lying, not resigning.
I'm starting this workout and healthy thing again next week... I'm so unhealthy D: haha
Yesterday soy cheesecake was a hit AND T agreed to take yoga with me. Very pleased!
Will you be using MindTouch as the tech writing tool/system? You should :)
It won't be long! Can't wait to get them on the grill.
- good luck this weekend. All of Houston will be watching
Big save by Penn State goalie Mathew Madrazo to keep them within one. 7:50 left, No. 13 Oakland leads No. 1 Penn State 4-3
Optimization summit in dallas
Thanks for your support pianotrends! Wishing you the best in the new year!!
Khalil Richard Powell is born.
Welcome! Thanks for the support!
no, 2 photographers and a videographer
thanks guys and thanks to you too...
She said...."whats a nugget sack" o_0....how thee f*#$ would I know!?!
Want to check out Louis tonight @ The Gansevoort? Yeah? Then let us know. Open bar 11-12. Come check it out!
Hah! That's a quotable.
The artist only sometimes says something about a work, but the work always says something about the artist.
As a child or as an adult? (:
#whosgonnalose - Carolina at NY Giants - Carolina will lose
Thanks for celebrating with us!
Twitter mobile HAS to go off...Can't stand it anymore...Twitter's stupid...I don't care what you have to say honestly...
CANT WAIT TO HEAR THE FULL THING!!!!(: #TurnToYou <33 follow me??? I LOVE YOU
At the release of the BTW foundation, she was looking slim in her brown dress. NOT pregnant. If she was pregnant, she'd be at the most...
I feel such respect for those who process (i.e. me!) coming from your tweets today :)
Finish shopping now I'm eating at Lopez with
Lol nope! ;) YOU DA ONE THAT I DREAM ABOUT ALL DAY, YOU DA ONE I THINK ABOUT ALWAYS! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> ;)
Now that I took that nap I'm gonna be up for a while.
The boys played great in our first game! On to the semis!
...what a fantastic concept - The whole notion of retro gaming: Awe. Some.
No Joke, that is awesome
In Atlanat for theLead Like Jesus facilitator ReConnect - awesome day!!
yes! It was so great. :)
Snack city bitch snack snack city bitch
I will not discuss him with you, OMG I cant believe you asked me about that guy wow this lady Mary is really weird
is there a hashtag?
Kyle o'quinn and cj McCollum on st. Patricks day
Fascinating people and companies win bigger budgets, more time, better relationships, greater admiration, deeper trust.
He is a friend of Matt Jones, right? That would explain it.
Just saw and on Antm:) west coast
Televising HS baseball this afternoon. Broomfield hosting Niwot. Games airs Wed night at 8pm on CET w/ and Irv Brown.
I found a bathing suit that works for me. Alert the media.
This girl sounds like a frog, stop singing.
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back...
#iconhackedagain People these days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
pretty good haha I haven't talked to you in forever!
Just launched our Groupon!
Tony here again: Galveston mayor vows that the city will rebuild. The island is without power.
Oh yuck, I forgot about that! Are you feeling the effects of Irene?
Asian pacific economic cooperation summit
#3WordsOfAdvice Let it be.
where's the tag at yo???
Chad wanted me to post this before the new year. Chad wishes all of you a Happy new year and may 2010 be our best year yet. Chad...
"You're beautiful and your taste is dresses is impeccable." Dying all over, why can't I have you.
i'm so proud of you for being a good girlfriend and putting out ;-)
You're very welcome :)
RT if you think the #Phillies offense will come back.
Goal! Dempsey becomes only the 4th American in history to have scored on Italy.
congratulations! :) im so happy you won!
Ha RT "AT&T just released a new limited edition Lebron James phone. It only vibrates, because it has no ring."
There's an appropriate time to deal with comic sans? Beyond primary school functions?
#Apple hearing closes. Media departs.
Hum, glad I got one last trip out, it's pouring & the winds are starting to kick up a bit in the burbs of Phila.
Julia&#39;s Opens New Office in Woburn; Free Appraisals Being Offered ...
The sooner you realize you're wasting your time, the sooner we can all move on with our lives.
In 20 years, 45 clubs have competed but Man City is only the 5th different club to win the title.
Had my 1st stranger congratulate me on being preggo (ie, they knew that I wasn't just chunky) yesterday at the dentist... yay!
it's the worst. @ a place now where I just say fuk it!
RT Make you
I'd style the Medium Animal Print Crossbody Sling w/skinny jeans, a white v-neck, and Christian Leboutain boots
I'm mad for always being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong, getting attached, and for making you a huge part of my life.
hope you land something soon!
I don't eat pork I only eat bacon lol
I believe Special needs children are wonderfully made!
We just put out Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream! Wanna try something spicier, how about the White Chocolate Cinnamon Habanero Ice Cream! Get here!
No football game for me tonight. Oh how I love being sick.
Don't forget to book your appt for the holiday's parties!
Still planning my REVENGE!!!!! but seriously if you have any ideas, tell me..........
now who is going to get hit in the face with balls during BP?
Had my chuckle for the nite...say ur prayers every1
another song? seriously? who knew this class had so many aspiring singers.
giving up on being a grown up
RT Money will come & go, but the lessons I've learned starting with & will last...
Egypt isn't respecting the rights of it's citizens?! Come on Pharaoh! Let your people go!
im trying!
Girl I am following you all over the place!!!
Illest bitch alive , realest bitch alive...
My Feelnz Get HURT VERY Easy If Im IN LOVE WITH HER ....
": A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies."
Ok thanks!
I hope the tradition continues of #Kentucky winning a National title, and #NYY win the World Series same year.
a lot of post production houses, Sirius XM etc...
Yesterday was a dream
RT if u love Harry Potter or Selena Gomez <U+2665>
In LA and enjoying the weather!
haha "they can put a roof up in 30 minutes!" lmao
I'm making your cool kid playlist. You can blast it around DUPONNNTTT@!**~`~!#$#~*@! ;)))
Sitting downstairs in #Microsoft on a #MacBookPro ... Dangerous. CMO Breakfast with was great! Good food, better info!
RT: Be authentic and inspiring fans is key when building content -
Is it just me, or does Hibbert get called for travels alot?
Nope. PG isn't the biggest issue. Big man is.
Amazing So Far... How About You...
Looking forward to meeting with Literary Agents!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be a lover and a best friend
Damn Ive been telling fools about you since I first saw you on twitter. Still haven't gotten one so or rt. Sup with that mama?
Anoyher R.I.P. to Scoob from 101.1 the Beat here in Nashville. We miss you homie, we fill pain & emptyness inside!!
Yea he is! Total crush on him!(:
Sharp pain on my left foot between my ankle and small toe. WebMD says it's a stress fracture. Guess I'm done playing basketball for awhile.
I'm I'm Chicago, did you like my website?
I get the same feeling every time I fly Jet Blue...
I won't! And okay
just accidentally wrote the phrase "Stein's _Through the Looking-Glass_"
Why torture yourself when life will do it for you?
not sure how I should take that LOL
Thanks, good to know.
Actually wearing my Jeter shirt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Making the decision to commence collaborative divorce proceedings is a four-step process....find out more!
Wishing there was a "Drag and Drop" feature for Modules on a CMS. Or a pre-installation pacakage for communities. Get with the program.
Ivan u r brutal! Was bad offense vs the zone down the stretch. Tough with 3+ plyers w/7 ft wing spans
I rock the back spin station on XM all the time. Reminds me how old I am daily. Lol.
Think I'll hit the 8:00 am early service today! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Booked a wedding for this month! Working on the sketch of the cake =)
YEAH MAYBE?
RT if you miss JB's Drive-Thru-Pranks ! Need a #BieberFix ~
sweetheart u must b in a bad way!
I agree with , Basketball Wives is garbage and is a embarrassment to Black Women. I will never watch it again
RT : bad luck Danny , how much did 26th pay ? Never chirp about luck change too soon. Ancient Chinese secret
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
oh lord....u stalking now??? U too BAD for that!!!
drop BASS! #notbombs!
If you are in Madison and collecting signatures go to State. St. area. This area is still not saturated.
Get your Spray tans, hair gel and muscle shirts it's #Jerseyshore night in the Federal Hill tonight!
what a cruel bitch! Did anyone say call her out?
great start for 'em too!
Damn, that ball barely hit the rim. Jameer didn't need to fall away like that
Good luck to everyone participating in the Ronald McDonald House Training run tonight! Weather looks great!
Thank you for your hard work at exec. meeting tonight!
playin my game might do some marvel vs capcom 2
When I called him out on it he got all defensive "ew this isn't Justin Beiber"
Weed is from the earth ...put here for you and me..TakeAdvantageMan!!!
Steve Jobs, you and your visionary mind will not only be always remembered but forever missed. Thomas Edison meets Willy Wonka.
OH: "If I was in the cash register business, I'd be very worried. Almost as worried as if I was in the newspaper business."
Headed to in Tyson's
That makes me an ambassador? I will represent you well.
Looking for PR practioners for both Milwaukee and Chicago! Need 5-7 years of experience!
you should write a novel.
I miss California
UGH I have to completely reboot my computer
“: ": Lifeguard exam was easy!" Told you lol”
All EB lanes of Hwy 18/151 are closed at HWY G near Verona due to a 3 vehicle traffic incident. Use alternate routes.
will unveil all 32 team jerseys at NFL Shop at Draft on APR 3rd. Visit the 10K sq foot space located at 6th Ave & 41st starting APR 2!
is you fire people who call you "Opie" on set? If you block me - ill have my answer ;)
karaoke baby!!!! ~I<3 u this big
guess im just going to be a high school grad with no college. time to find a second job
super excited about my first follower ! Good times! Keep em' coming. Join the ride...Woohoo! ;)
followback is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos :*
awww :) love you bunches! And I promise, if I were prego, you'd know lol;)
idk y & keep their relationship on the DL. THEY'RE OBVIOUS. Your fans already know.
word i just learned: 'farouche,' which friend says, "means wild, fierce, shy, & awkward." clearly this word & i needed to become acquainted.
Steen is on a mission from a higher power here and he won't let anything stop him from achieving his goals. Steen grabs Mike by the throat.
RT Question for the guys - do you love red lipstick on the ladies or do you hate it (or don't care)?
I don't see a single logical reason to support any candidate other than Ron Paul. Literally.
:) it was kinda all over the place due to me not planning out the request order better, but it was really fun.
Rolling up
I think we'll take care of them quickly
Bahahaha is cutting his hair...
there was a great one on 18th street. But I think its a Korean place now. Sorry
The Donovan House in Washington #DC is now a Hotel. Gr8 restaurant tagline "Zentan: The spy who loved sushi."
I can never seem to tear myself away from the chicken salad! Mozzarella cheese and fries.... yummy times :)
can ii get a bowl too
WAIT KYRIE IS GONNA WIN THE ROY??
that's what it is lebron'
science on sidewalk- it takes just a few ants to move a dead fly
Knowledge is power but enthusiasm pulls the switch. -- Ivern Ball
you fault.
Hi abny, since you haven't been using your account, is there a way that I can use your handle for my organization? Let me know, thanks
Let's go!! I'll let you know when I'm done (sorry it's taking me so long).
Having massive bags under your eyes :(
Gaga was just like, wait, this sounds familiar who is this?
Thanks for the tweets and mentions today
Great input, thank you! When acne is caused by allergies, removing the allergen is often enough. You are right.
Tornado's Are scaryy ))))):
Too sweet! Point Park University crowd = 111 people who rock. RT Listening to a great writer! :) I hope that's me one day!
Sounds like a plan! MT great tournament guys! Thanks for making it happen. Hoping to fly up from North Carolina again next year!
Downloaded the Young Galaxy track you played in #corefusion #yoga. Thanks for the music inspiration!
Always here to help, especially if it involves poop or pee jokes.
aha! Shake! Tapajeangirllllllll
Just left my cousins house! what's up guys? :)
Crew products, for Aloe products #Eventrade!
I really wanted to hear an alcoholic call in and complain about having drink their whiskey with ice.
well thank u, I'll let her know.
Dear God, I will need a miracle to to get noticed by the beautiful, inspirirng Alli, please God! #blessed Amen!
The Cuckoo's Egg! RT What are your favorite books about computers, source, code and programming: a la Dreaming in Code?
looooool that is why I am not that excited
Akita! And he's not even large for that breed ;)
thanks for retweeting! I Must say it has been a cyber day for me, crazy how you stay home sick, but your glued to the internet!
Possibly the longer-lasting one. But what if one is much cheaper? I think ppl rarely now consider longevity of products.
you didn't shot gun a beer until age 22!? were you thinking that you might live multiple times?
"The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder."
same here bra, get it in
Planning Pitt/Chicago trip. Sipping a Royal Fizz: 1 oz. gin, 1/2 lemon, 1/2 Tbsp. confectioner's sugar, 1 egg, shake well, top with seltzer.
Did you finish the bottle?
red and black :) wbu?
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide x1
why is it bad? Talk to me -Jenny
I wish I could be seeing you guys but you're not coming near me. :(
I love peer kids!
So excited for today hope to see everyone there today it should be so much fun!
Fashion Show Thusday September 16, 2010 Event Chair & Special Guest Mayor Richard M Daley Chicago, IL contact us for more details
He looked shredded too. You can tell the conditioning work he's doing in ABQ is paying off.
yay please tweet for me.
Spring break was really good!
I don't feel.... "happy" anymore. *shrugs*
it's a solid, unsexy kind of joy.
Best. News. Ever.“: Recall of Simon Despres likely means Paul Martin won't be available to #Penguins tonight for Game 4 vs. Flyers”
hahaha what was this about...i miss you crazy woman!
The Ill. Sup. Ct hears oral arg. 3/15 in the case our Institute has an amicus brief opposing IDOC's efforts to garnish inmate wages at 100%.
Thanks for the invitation to the networking event tonight; Hope to meet u there.
Stay Hydrated so your cells can function at their maximum. Drink filtered water, avoid plastic bottle-they're toxic
Great day of training and lifting night all.!
Does Tim Tebow actually count as a left-handed "backup"? Or even as a left-handed "quarterback"?
i want as #bayareafrshmen10 after you vote follow me ill follow back ;)
Fourth in line for breakfast at Dottie's Cafe! Yay!
met at
Even modern language scholars struggle with being replaced by machines
ATTENTION .... WHO NEEDS TO PURCHASE TICKETS? IF YOU DONT PURCHASE A TICKET hit me up asap
i kinda wanna live in the 60's
you are welcome
Did Will Farrell lose weight? Homeboy looks good.
Q2 Whether a gene is turned on or off is in part due to environment.Inflammation due to fake food is bigger issue.
I'll be looking serious all day today. One eyebrow drawn crooked lol teehee
I am renovating my life (caution work in progress don't cross this line)
Awesome!!! That is so cool ;-) I hope you make a good grade!
i hate it when my guy friend (who i really like) starts talking about his
I saw a girl at school wearing yoga pants and uggs on tuesday.....
"Prosperity is not just having things. It is the consciousness that attracts the things. Prosperity is a way of living and thinking, and...
Definitely not tonight! I fear the truly dreaded outcome though: bringing them back to work Monday still ungraded.
i have not forgotten about you - been a little busy but yes, i got ya!
New chant request: You've Lost that Loving Feeling by The Righteous Brothers. #NoPressureHaveFunWe'reNotEvenHere
Billionaire wants US gov to help him fill dump 1000 football fields large w nuclear waste in Texas. Good idea?
You know the rule is that you bring me bacon.
Marcus H.S. wins pool in GASO. 1st round vs. Killeen College bound at 9am.
come on you gotta follow me back...
Today's been a pretty productive & wonderful day if I might say lol
thinks you are juicy and delicious.
Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been and look at what can be.
wasn't me.
Your Amazing(:
would be interested in hearing your thoughts!
Holy Christ, last night's "Eastbound & Down" is one of the most batshit episodes of a TV show I've ever seen.
Haha. Whatever you say. ;)
No argument here. You can have her any time you like...not that I'm trying to get rid of her, of course.
“: #LoveandHipHop reunion/recap special airs tonight at 8pm on ” I will be watching!!!
That's probably the most in-depth, considered review we've gotten so far for the Thx so much! More RT's later…
This #Knicks game is getting uncomfortably close.
I just saw that why u tweeting bout me kid
Not a fan of these new marlins uniforms. Reminds me of how the Anaheim ducks did their makeover... But I like the ducks unis
I have a much better ending for Cabin in the woods. The current ending is kinda lame. Great stuff in the rest of the film tho
I will be trying these options and adding a dash of patience.
I second that vote
Holy crap my subs bang hard, can't wait to play some dubstep on them :)
First person I ever followed is Selena Gomez
#nowplaying My leftovers-Porcelain & The Tramps
Impatiently waiting store pickup at Best Buy. 2 people ahead of me 15 min. Why didn't I just walk in and buy off shelf again?
DAT is GREAT, but the fake to LMJ made both long plays! Don't discount LMJ influence and the field
Begin living your life moment to moment knowing that the light of God is in you, the word of God is in you, the Spirit of God is in you.
thanks for the #FF! <U+2764>
The 2009 American Religious Identification Survey: # people claiming no religious preference almost doubled from 1990 (8.2%) to 2008 (15%)
I'm definitely pretty weird. It's from House on Haunted Hill.
keep up the good work. We wouldn't be where we are without you.
if you don't, I'll tell Wonder on you.
That sounds amazing! You should do it. When is it? I want to too!
Hello everyone...
I want it all
Boom! Got my #io12 ticket. Now waiting on to get hers.
He's not good defensively. Well, then he must completely suck as a pitcher. : oh yhea, he can't throw to first either
It drives me nuts, & is a perfect little snap shot to explain Israelis' ignorance. Whatever one's position is on the conflict
Napoleon Hill- Rule number 13 of Self Advancement - Develop definiteness of purpose - Happy August 13th to you
Thanks for the shout out and also for stopping by for a hello and a photo. You are wonderful! It was great to see you too!
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
I just don't get women's wrestling.
The princess inside is all glorious. Her clothing is interwoven with gold. -psalms 45:13 <3
A bag of sun chips just got stuck in the snack machine at work, how have we not come up with better technology than the spinning metal ring?
"Boldness be my friend."
No they totally contradicted themselves They told Chef Samuelsson last week less is more than & then pick MacMillan this week?
good call. Menchies is great.
yes because if they did not care about the plant they will not care about you
Wars the best gift to buy a men
I have not bought yet, only booked a hotel room.
Cole just started following us now??? That jerkbag...he really does suck.
Make sure to give our iPhone app a download! Search "Bar Scene" in the app store
I think I see a storm <3 I love #storms :)
I had to say it...
At least you're playing the game now then never playing it at all. Did u play part one or did u start with the second one?
Julius Caesar in Prospect Park opens today at 4:00pm!
saw you yesterday :)
Kate Hudson &amp; Her London Lad | Celebrity Baby Scoop
Awesome! Glad it made it in one piece! :)
for me
i want to hear more about this re-memory
Blocked & reported for spam RT : Sandlot 2 > Sandlot
Long 16 hour session at Choctaw Saturday night. Worked out well this time. Winning makes poker more fun.
Word RT : ": Hola, MONDAY. I will CRUSH you." Same page girl. Dear Monday, bring it! XO Laurens
NP. Enjoy the rest of your Friday
Grading is all caught up, dissertation proposal is in, & lesson plans done for next week. Have no idea what to do with myself.
Great energy from players and fans tonight. I almost feel bad for all of the Lin chasers in the Q...almost. :)
yes she is
cool but why can't you add me?
My girlfriend just lied straight up to me, its funny because I know the truth already. And you wonder why I dont believe you all the time?!
Yeah, whole event was a blast. The cold I got on the flight home... not so much.
Pencils vs. Pixels should be an entertaining/interesting #SIC2011 session. Seeing a lot of familiar faces in the room.
thats what i say. at least wasn't referring to a gun.or maybe he has one of those too. dude sounds like a chill bro either way
anything for you keets!
#Tanning :D
Stayin on this grind,
why can't I find the "YOU DON'T SAY" photo of noyes when I need it..
Gearing up for a fantastic lemur event with our friends at The Bronx Zoo!
Lottie's Lounge - now open for lunch at Noon O' Clock!
Prof says his dog looks more majestic in photos than he actually is...I feel bad for the dog .
Helping center grove and Northview pull out their tarps.
#megabus RT : Just wanted to let everybody I'm sitting in first class. It's Greyhound, but still.
They wear hats that say "world's most fictitious and anachronistic job".
Oh, baby, I'm always ready. *smirking*
Consumers exposed to brand's soc media were 2.8 times more likely to search for company's products than those who only viewed paid search.
I think you have made a wise choice!!!
Filming in Cyprus ends tomorrow, it's been a great adventure!!
I think you are right. That would be very nice :)
Wednesday Special...let's repeat yesterday's because it is so awesome! $7 Box Lunch, Soup and a Drink!
4-20 has nothing to do with bob Marley.....
i agree that this primary is a cluster. We also need our sports site.
saw that too. These org leaders give into crying parents way too easily!
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Have articles and photos ready to go. How can I get them in Rocknrolla? WEW
digital drives the costs of copying down to almost zero & editing is almost free as well
my mom is being dumb and doesnt want to buy the tickets. Could you buy them and I pay for my ticket and half the service fee?
ha! science, and giggles. they help, too :)
yes I am
how much did you pay her???! congrats dude :)
I want to borrow princess beatrices hat.
Whoops. Forgot about Twitter again. I'm back.
Check out VDOT's twitter feed (VADOT) for the latest transportation news in VA
It was not stowed. (I will now wait for you to unfollow me, as is appropriate punishment) cc:
When You're Gone...
Part one of AP Lang done. I just had to send an email to Slater but whatevs.
Hi wnated to tweet you to thank you for the follow. Tweet me N E time just to say hello or to discuss whatever. Have a blessed day.
If I do, you get a new Ipad so that you can keep tweeting at me!! I'll throw in the best Mac you can buy as well. :)
": What y'all know about that Lil Wayne-Fix My Hat ??...not a damn thing"..."lemme fix my hat hold up hold up lemme fix my hat!"
Also, follow these people, they're rad!
Oh, I see, you have an #ulteriormotive. Hmm. : D
When your sleeping and someone turns on the light #Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning .
": what's going on at guitar center" I just got a mic stand whites boys deep in dat bitch lol
THATS HOW I FELT ABOUT MY LAST TWO CLASSES!!!
Life is too short to drink bad wine! Happy saturday !
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help causes that are important to me!
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.” ? Maya Angelou
No worries, no pain, no sadness!
Check out Discover Human Rights approach to social justice @ www.discoverhumanrights.org.
GREAT stat
you dont watch the news eh?
Massive crowds on the Santa Monica Promenade today
wasnet my fault your the one who tried dunking on me
"Dude, don't ruin the movie for me". "Fine" *silence* "They all die in the end!". "I HATE YOU!!" this would be you.(;
you looked at me & i was done.
Thank you 4 following me that means so much you rock luv ya :)
The day will happen whether or not you get up...
I never understood y dudes hate 4 a piece of ass. Like really? All these women n the world & u gotta hate. That says a lot 4 ur character
CGQ this Wed @ M-Lounge. 7pm.
Flo Fusion Fitness is proud to announce Saturday morning classes ... Call us at 619-794-2740 for more details
sorry no plans for blackberry at this stage
Not having a plan for lunch ends in disaster many times!
damn nic you gained your followers back fast
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
It's a beautiful day!
Heyy! Im blessed and you?
well played, sir; well played.
TIME IS GOING BY SO SLOW! Can classes be over so I can fully enjoy my 20s? thanks....
They are casting the best person for the role that they also want to spend the next 8 weeks with.
we're organizing the closet while listening to trapped in the closet chapters 1-12
“: #MentionTo your friend who's a huge fan of ”
Good Morning! Had some more rain yesterday! It's so beautiful today! And it's Friday! What are your weekend plans? I hope you have fun! :)
long time no see!
im grounded til my parents say im unrounded
yay! okay. let me know! i need plans haha
Good news on a sad day. Just what I needed to get through.
We all know what to do ... but we just don't do it. Discipline! Plan it. Do it.
Giant ass iMessage going on right now with the my mofos.
i love you.
#wcphilly #day2 : We have a few core contributors that actually like Internet Explorer testing...we like them very much. **laughs fro…
Love it! RT love the idea of wine hour at In preparation for our visit I'm going to enjoy a glass at home now
what did you think?
Wrds cant even explain lol this morning waz terrible
It ends with a tailgate at Miller Park. Free beer. That should take care of those nerves.
Which one?
i'll miss ya girl! Sorry I didn't get to say goodbyes! Have fun in Cali! I'll miss you!
how u doin
Sounds awesome! Check out 's music & let us know what you think!
“: Just filled out my DCOneApp. Almost forgot! lol. ” to rescue...again!
you always crack me up :D
I want to love you, pretty young thing.
#Texturing a long corridor, we're in it for the long hall!
I'm not making as much progress as I'd hoped. Sheesshhh. Stewing.
First day of work great!!!
Happy Birthday !
Thanks for the love!
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
Oh no....I am going to need to get like 5 followers all at once, I don't want my follower count to be anywhere near 666, help! #jesus love!
it's so much fun. All my friends hate it though :/
I don't actually like nutella it's actually quite sad.....~Ashley
austin or alex?
Inking about a Canon 9ml ink cartridge that yields 3000 pages. How does 9ml = 3000 pgs.?
Peace Bro. Pleasure following one of the nicest MC's
Go ahead Tucson youth! You are an inspiration!
awesome sack last night. U the man!!!!
woohoo! still debating if I want one.. > RT : Amazon announces: #Kindle Fire - Now Shipping!
Karl Rove calling the Eastwood Chrysler ad "Chicago-style politics" convinces me of one thing: Karl Rove knows nothing about Chi politics.
Chandler Harnish, the dominant Husky from , is Mr. Irrelevant 2012.
I liked the one at EC which had the Ditko half Peter Parker/half Spider Man face with the Spidey Sense lines coming off - DvL
Visit www.rx2you.com and enter your email address for more information on our FREE Meds/Low Cost Generic Program.
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.
"I vomited in order to save the scene." best line from tonight's rehearsal.
Needs some GD!!
Pretty pweezee wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday? We love you guys!
Geez how old is Chipper these days??? 83???
Ready to start writing on my next movie
hahaha nothing wrong with that ;) I'm all for documenting a cute outfit
omg the purple gummy bear is staring at me again and telling me its going to eat me but it doesn't have teeth! lol
I'm sorry but has some of the least thought out and most hackie jokes
thats a lie cause if you did i wouldve came over... You talked about havin fun with ur friends never said anything about me goin
follow back.
I was hoping so. Off to a rough start, needs to blow up in the second half and that still might not be enough.
My lil bro is so channeling Kevin Hart with this alright, alright, alright and you gon learn today! #It'sgettingtobetoomuchnow
Yeah at my shitty job, hook it up with a tank top I can sport in Vegas.
Let me check with our production team and see if any are available. Thanks!
Stupid ass printer not working anf shit
Bro lost his game :(. Fun to watch though. And i sort of understand now.
"these fucking eyes that I'm staring @"!
I don't care too much for people who don't care much for me
bro we got two days I didn't forget
i just died.
Crying At School <
Great training with Sikkasoft this afternoon. Thanks, Deanne!
BREAKING: YouTube to add 3,000 new movie titles to rent
I love the weather today
blah im so fucking bored!!! <U+E11C><U+E113>
I agree
That is a LOT! With that many teams, that would make sense though! Many MANY variables! That is what makes it fun though!
Snow in the 78704 :-)
At least the run scored...
Whoever said money don't change you, ain't get enough.
Last few hours in Cali...stay classy Los Angeles
smoke up BITCH!
I'm at-the-letic...! *In my Charles Barkley voice*
Looks like these pizza rolls & I are setting up for a nice blizzardy Sunday together
Thank you for the follow! Lending must increase or business cannot
But if Obama approval rises, and Ds rise in generic House ballot, model will improve for Dems
Excited about the #MelibeeGlobal intern virtual meeting tomorrow! :)
go right headed.
I just gave a 2 year old boy a bath.... That was difficult......
I actually did when I was going to pick up Foster and I promise I thought of you!! Lunar or whatever you told me blah blah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Miami Beach city manager to resign July 8 - Miami Herald Found on Bing
YES!!!! Take me with you...and don't leave me behind like you did this past swing break...cruise...you are sum thin else. lol
Dropped by party earlier w/ , but you were filming. Thx for VIP invite! You're working w/ a classy crew!
boyer was the best!! and keyes is a wonder. time to listen to some music, i guess!
aw...why'd u have to say beer??? #temptation lol
Howard's Pub on Holabird and Left Field on NP Blvd are open
what hi
Apparently someone is holding a grudge against me... Oh, all of the things I want to do to make it worse...
chillin music in my ears thirsty hungry bored relaxed though. Lol.
isn't it a little distracting to be talking about your coaches status a few hours before game 7?
RT : Benton County voter turnout is up to 34 percent. #Corvallis #corvgov Follow our live blog tonight at...
You never hear a nigga say "think lika a woman" yet y'all steady tryna "think like a man" .you a woman for a reason, stick to the script.
are u really alone!?
is projecting cash flows.
SO JEALOUS!!
For all the deals Google Brandon Card + Jethro Baits and see Brandon in the Jethro Boat ! Over the top!
"You're where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be..."
Thanks, But don't forget the awesome too!
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
RT“: If PM were already a Bronco, he'd be coming here. They wouldn't be going there. Titans still major threat.”
that's right brewers! Kicking the cubs ass
Wisdom reduced by exactly 4 teeth. Boyfriend continues to remind me he was born with none & is thus more evolved.
Dear High schoolers. U park like idiots.
What makes you say that??
Happy Friday Cyndi. Thanks for the S/O & have a very blessed wkend filled with smiles & Gods love! :)
what?c:
Sorry, my bad (but damn, a fucking space shuttle landed in my backyard!)
Geezuz the T-bolt still hasn't gotten official gingerbread?! I'm glad there's such a great dev community! Roms ftw!
gia can get the business!
Uggghh!! Still tired... Hello coffee!
you da best!
Watching hockey in low def is about as pathetic as it can get....(waiting for tv to get fixed)
Va-Hi will be closed Monday for maintenance. Even more reason to go to Emory for the Chinese New Year party!
Who are these people you are following that are mad about Instagram? Instagram isn't owned by Apple.
watching #TheVoice team
I am workin at my local food bank
Send yal e mail 2 outreagousrecords.com for your free copy of Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP or e mail us @
start at 29 bucks! Very affordable surprisingly.
When you know, you know. RT if you agree
need that interview
Ellie Mae Announces Participation at Upcoming Investor Conferences
Still have not figured out why baseball coaches have to wear a full uniform. Imagine if #NCAA #basketball coaches had to go full uni.
Lesson learnt: always wear dance-appropriate shoes and dresses at dinners, no matter who you're with.
. I believe the technical term is "pulling a Gammons."
Howard's Grove (WI) FD Brat Fry TODAY ! See you there...
Last 4 songs were by Nina Simone, Kate Bush, Deep Purple and Gang Gang Dance, then more Nina "My Baby Just Cares for Me" x o x o
TV has spawned the Anti-Human Breed. Style-oriented blackheads spill revolutionary disease-subliminal speech; the spineless wince of fatigue
"there should be no conviction without counsel." Norman Reimer
Head banging on the way home from Walmart.
Rest In Peace Heavy D
Kynicism - cynicism with cheekiness
Only 4 games left...where did the season go?
sweet enjoy your apple blossom
I know I'm slacking! Haha.
RT shit my dude trying to get this money <> already!!!
Watching Melissa make up her own chacha at dance class and it's pretty good.
chi town
This rain is not cool -_-
I'm hungry! But to lazy to eat -_-
Hope you'll join us at this month's Green Drinks #GSO on 9/21, 5:30-7 pm, The Green Bean.
: Please don't RT this. I prefer to attract my own followers. I really appreciate it. Take care, friend.
Rap is your CAREER, but you base what you do on another man's sound/look/words/success. Be ashamed if that's true. Grow ball & stand out.
Tweeting it old school with The Back in The Day Cafe in 23 minutes on !
I get a lot from ppl that I'm intense! Guess that's what I am... ;) I like it!
girl, you funny!! Matt and I are makig you do track rich girl<3 ;)
was there a time when Price WASN'T cute?!
Good one, Lisa! Noted--and thanks for weighing in. :)
definitely right
« Man if President Obama showed up @ my front door......» u naughty booger!
Thanks for the follow and !!
Morning lovin & french toast would of been clutch.. Oh well!
"Fatal Attraction" Dating Sim for PC.
hates swagger jackers!
Passion will help you feel!!
Funny, I actually watched this earlier today
Why has my stomach been hurting al day and last night :(
After a long day it's some peppered salami, hummus, multi-grain flat bread crackers, cornichons, and a chilly Manhattan with orange bitters.
Dear Twitter fans and patient fans of the stream Street Fighter IV is done now downloading Marvel vs Capcom 3
can u follow me bck??? It's ok if u dunt
that's right, is cool
#nowplaying Leave Me Alone Me by Micheal Jackson
No Sleep, No food,, Now I gotta goto work, damn.... I need a day off!
hey thank you for following us :) have you checked out our music yet?
finally had to make the decision to not go to annual meeting this year. just not feasible...and I am so damn upset about that.
We'd like to thank everyone who visited us at our Women's Expo and Phoenix Pride Booths this past weekend. Photos & Raffle winners soon!
OMG. I USED TO LIVE THERE. I LOVE THAT PLACE. SO MUCH. I am so jealous right now!!!
really? *blushing* lol sounds like a plan to me... when will you be avaliable?
what you mean
Good Night
technical difficulties
please follow me!:D
1492: Isabella evicts Jews from Spain, Portugal thrives; 2011: Rick Perry disses Jews in Texas, New Mexico anticipates boom! Ya'll come!
U can neva be 2 positive!
before last nite, #OzzieGuillen couldnt believe #BobbyPetrino was still there at the Univ of Arkansas. He said so.
lmbo ikr! Talked bad about them folks.
#UfPrChat men's fashion? I rep Men's Wearhouse.
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Friday is about 2 be LIVE at Venom! will be there!! Get your presale tickets now:
CNBC: Facebook priced at $38 a share, ahead of tomorrow's IPO
Who ever said "ok" allowing the to wear those jerseys ... Needs to be fired! #suspect!
that number is mine and always will be.
Off Their Rockers is a pretty hilarious show
I like new mature composed drew. get them on the score board. this isn't over yet.
lol. Yea he is an angry dude
framingham high school for a co-ed softball game. all the players are huge b's fans including myself, a season ticket holder.
Really dont see the need for pants the rest of this day. (:
Thanks...and much success to your daughter! I hope everything is wonderful for you soon too :)
heard that before
stay tuned (hopefully) for a post on how I'm integrating codes into our school's annual art show!
Smart often take from strong. Don't forget to be a student of the game! P.S. Being strong doesn't hurt.
god morning
What an amazing first week of the conservatory. I feel so artistically happy. What a great group of young people!
hey nice ep!!!! looks like you'll have a well dressed future with great songs like that
mine is a regular chocolate bar :) and davin likes dark chocolate
I thought you should have been up on stage too man!
T-24 hours until Absinthe Minded Friday! Tomorrow $8 Absinthe ALL DAY!
sweet! Yeah headed back to tpa now
Sounds like a slice of Mac n Cheese & a slice of Brat pizza is in order! RT : Oh man, I LOVE mac and cheese pizza!
": When residents check out of the bldg it's usually groceries/dr Today I got: "going to watch the girls take their clothes off! WTF
so private party tonight wit dancers hmu 9104947955 if u wanna party get money girls on deck
That soul crushing moment where you drop the espresso that was your only chance of making it through the day... -_-
Tasha from Kansas says My first time in Vegas
Yes, I actually went shopping yesterday and I'm thrilled with my haul - 5 pairs of pants & 3 shirts.
Fun Fact: Russians serve pizza covered in mockba (a mix of sardines, tuna, mackeral, salmon and onions.)
has the best St. Patrick Day joke.
Registration is open for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Start with 10,000 chips, sign up until 1:40 pm.
of course. Still worth checking out though!
If he #shaves with lasers then he probably uses sulfuric acid for
No kidding! Patrick came into the math program with me, in a class of four students that year.
put on some #jamestaylor and slip away...
Thanks for the #FF love! The Aurora Center is opening soon and I see field trips to visit you in the future!
I love #TheWalkingDead !!! If the world ended I sure would miss gum.
The woman in front of me on the bus was going to the hospital because her ex-boyfriend had shot her. Clearly my problems pale in comparison.
everything was excellent tonight- great drinks, fantastic food, and the desert, devine. Now time for #Milwaukee night life.
depends on the night
Amazing place but... Where are the pics and video of the inside?!
OMG! Myers is in. Thank you Astros! Only hope we have
Ha RT : This is the first time all year I've actually paid attention to the #SNF opening
waking up at 4:30 am! Can you actually believe I prefer this shift? It's all about gettin er dun' as they say in Texas.
Happy Friday & kick-off to #StPattysDay Weekend
“: Happy Easter boo! this time last year we were sippin' mimosas! #missinyou” I miss that. Come back to me!
by supporting our mentoring program you help support at-risk Chicago youth
what kind?!!?
Showering with the door open :D
Do you have any plan of returning to #play the piano?
#dreamitphl11 you guys rocked it, as a landlord in queens i will deft use you guys!
it's closing session time - can't wait to hear again, he's always got something interesting to talk about!
Saw you open for Lit in 2002. LOSC was my high school anthem. Sad to hear about Allen. Life is short but music is eternal.
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!!!!!!!!!
That is an adorable pic
your lucky that you even have a sister :/
Trying to stay awake a bit longer, stupid timezones
Madison City government- please fix the roller coaster ride that is University Ave
Come give us a review and tell us what you think!
Had a nice morning. Got to see & took my little (19, not so little anymore) cousin to church. Now manicure & then cleaning
nun bout to smoke
streaming the best coast show. not like being there. h8 you guys
The way things are going, I'm going to need a vacation from my vacation.
What would make your Touchsmart better? Aside from the technical issues, does it fulfill your needs, at least on paper?
tf i guess i cant take time to eat dinner
thanks Alex..just got the email notice! Thank you!
NDJDIDJDJ I'M PEWPING! <3 we can be like <U+E51F><U+E428><U+E429><U+E31E> remember at jills party when we were screaming, "LET'S SPOON!" lolz
hi there!
ouch :S
Got A Job Interview On Friday $$$$ Grind Time
mum dad? huh buddy?! what was that buddy?
yeah between the large white box trucks pushing wine 2 bars &trying 2work with different consulting firms Im pretty stacked now!
thanks! I am grateful for friends, family and LIS peers!
Waitin on you foo RT : I'm trying to drink where ya at ???
Naw Im only working the weekends...I think is the coach! RT : you doing swim team this year?
Band out of NYC called Underwater Tiger is rolling through Seattle this week. If you like Emo-pop-rock, you'll like. Tight band.
My guy forever(:
June 1 & 2 RT : hm sounds like fun! Maybe I'll stop by! When u playin round town again?
lolololol, thanks! :p
I hate that feeling!!! But makes finding them so so much better!
I'm ready for lunch! What are your favorite lunch specials in town?
Goodnight ! x
Goodmorning guys I have to fucking pee pee
#Tequila #tech and #wine ~ the perfect way to kick-off the weekend!!
I've been in this office for 18 months now, but with putting up my Smiths, Cure and Pearl Jam posters last night it finally feels like mine
I could probably get a restraining order if people knew how much I Facebook stalked them
Time for Crybaby to go home, boohoohoo
Spot trending now in Alhambra, CA: Fosselman's Ice Cream - Dessert (live updates)
Looking forward to San Francisco next week...
Good Monday morning to our fans! Are you finding beautiful things that inspire you today?
Watching The Big Bang Theory :)
it was so good!
“: Am I an inconsiderate person? Can someone answer that for me?” nope u r too considerate but God will bless u for it
YOUR PERFORMANCE IS GONNA ROCK TONIGHT! YOU'VE GOT THE EYES OF ALL AMERICA WATCHING YOU! GO OUT AND KILL IT!
I'm wide-awaked!!!:/ I should not went to sleep at 8pm...TV it is!!!!
Thanks for the RT, Lisa:)
I might only be throwing spitballs, but someone's gotta do it.
Everyone from #EnduraPet wishes every one of you a happy, healthy and wonderful holiday!
UVA's website is just not clear or adequately updated, unfortunately.
I meant to put <33 lol and cool! :))
haha i just started the trend by force haha i like it though hahaha and yeah they havent had any new stuff lately! :/
Thank u God for a beautiful morning,
just agreein with you thats all
I recently read a novel that was full of 4+ dot ellipses. It was painful. Yet hilarious. Though it wasn't supposed to be.
When my girlfriend calls me a lazy ignorant fuck who can't think for himself >>>>>
cant wait to see do work in the nfl.
nope no holiday here :(
ah yeah buddy! Special people right her
I wish "Warrior Poet" was a realistic job description.
is that every thursday? doesn't look like I will be leaving the office any time soon :(
Every time I voice my opinion ppl get mad cause they don't like what they hear... Sorry you're the one that asked??? I'm not gonna lie damn
FOR REAL, UN FINISHED GLUED TRACKS
kk.. thanks for not following me ANYONE.. I GUESS YOUR NOT REAL BELIEBERS..
fasho..nothings gone come to you sittin on ya ass
Follow me on Tumblr! I follow back!(: www.tplynn.tumblr.com
Strawberry rubarb pie heated up with vanilla ice cream on top
My mouth is watering...
But that's half the fun. I'd really like to see u dressed as catwoman. Do u know what a smileadon is?
Hah yes! I do exactly the same. I love tweet-ups; it's like "Look I'm totally out being social...hiding in my laptop/phone"
Fianl week of school before spring break
If so, just have them reply and we'll sort out the details.
you did that?? lol i added them on FB tho to my other page the " Octavia Scott" PG
yes! Good looking crew!
I wonder if would let host #ignite at the Paramount theater. That would be sweet!
#SignsYourSonMightBeGay he sets appointments for his eye brows to e twizzed....
idk.... Maybe I was wrong...
For acquisitions, huh? And I feel for those ed staffers who have to maintain programs w/fewer people.
Why You Must Start Using Google-Plus for Sourcing and Recruiting...
Yes, very soon! Are you involved with the industry or know someone who is? We'd love to chat!
Someone around where I live is knocking on peoples doors and shooting them when they open it. What has this world come to.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> can't buy your <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>cause it's overpriced
I think my mom has beiber fever .... o.o
better question, why are you in Popeyes?
- I'm finding out how great of an album Learning to Crawl really is. Pretty much all killer, no filler.
is this shit real, should i miss you after all that we've been through...
Emory has a couple of grad students and alums in DC who'd answer this ?. Contact me offline for info.
So, how do you build a more trusted competency that carries more weight? What does that look like?
we ready-er.
we can start a google doc to jot ideas. Yes! Hm..where to post final blog??
I think we need to buy matching bear coats and go drink heavily in midtown one day.
You're one step closer! Fingers crossed.
My dream wouldn't be complete without you in it. - princess & the frog..
Hell yea this is gonna be fuckin amazing #TeenWolf follow.
Coming up on the greatest day of the year; Mother's Day! What are the big plans for mom this weekend??? let us know (unless its a secret) ht
Really not a fan of the coach cams. Maybe they'll be more interesting when Frank's face turns purple.
Ppl who bully ppl were once bullied in their lives#Be againts bullying;always report it:))
Texas? Really? We hate you now.
Measurable- a goal should be able to be measured. Set mini-goals (weekly) and big goals (monthly) and make sure it can be measured.
Does RightNow have a Customer Summit in Antarctica?
angry birds
quite impressive, congrats!
follow and please :D x59
a fitting and beautiful end to the series.. was a truly amazing movie!!
Pulled back muscles for no reason. Thank God for icy hot and tiger balm, I am officially an old lady.
aw cute pic ladies!!! :)
From an actual casting notice: No-pay, but meals, credit and good vibes. Non-Union, but SAG okay.
Never felt so good to be HOME <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
Yes, the great irony is that my son who woke me up before 6 every morning gets mad if I wake him up before noon now!
It's silly to play JaVale McGee and Timo Mozgov at the same time. But could they please be in a sitcom together as tall, bickering roomies?
But sounds and looks better ..I think lol
Wait.... We caught Ghandi? How hard was that?
Nice. Keep us apprised. Want your feedback! And cheers :-)
Mimi Michaelson & I are researching museums that are re-inventing themselves to become more visitor-centered. Today & tomorrow: the VanAbbe.
i miss you more :( lets hang out tomorrow?! im done with community service :)))
The basis of quantum mechanics isn't normal, its orthonormal.
IF YOU DONT LIKE ME YOU CAN FOLLOW DEEZ!!!!!
#teachers - how are you turning the hype behind The Hunger Games movie into a teachable moment in your classroom?
Well I can say I don't look at a girl and say damn I fuck that, now I say she dont got shit on my girl
you don't even know me!!!!! Where is berk?
Patrick, I'm a nice person with a very low level of anger. Who knew?
nah, perfect time to meditate lol
Entertainment is so much more entertaining when the characters do things the audience doesn't expect...
just make sure are u a girl or boy
Alabama had a better game tonight, but they sure as hell didn't have a better season.
Happy Leap Day! How are you celebrating?
Shout out to Kobe and the #Lakers going In tonight!!
We get to ask 3 questions and their manager will send us vids! Help with questions? We need ideas! Go!
I promise that I'll never let you go You're all I need, 'cause baby without you I'm just not me (`<U+25BD>´)-s
Kick ass spring break, went too fast. One last night in Florida. Love you guys
haha good morning to you hope all is well
that's crazy!
Just saw a "forever lazy" commercial, and anything with a "bathroom hatch" scares me
The 1% are influencers. They can use their money to gain access. 19% bring expertise. Their decisions influence the rest.
Shattenkirk- such a great name!
so happy to learn my super talented cake-baking niece got a job at a bakery!
I stole it for ya ;) that's how important you are to me!
"I hear you talking' when I'm on the street!" Stones at Alterra!
feel free to tweet us with any other questions, we are here to help!
What the fuck is wrong with you.
Everyone thought my Austin mahone shirt was justin bieber
thanks for the #FF abolitionist friends
I'm joining the Palko wagon that way we can get a real qb for next year
God birthed that idea inside of you that you have been sitting on. What are you afraid of? If He gave it to you, it's blessed for success.
Oh Never Mind I thought u were lol! Do u hate Selena??
What did I do this time?
lol tomorrow night!
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
Halloween is when you have fun. No matter how old you are <3
Those denim diapers.... creepiest things ever.
At the wheeler vs walton bball game Sean Morgan Rico overall are having a good game.
Why can i ride the metro except where I live.
Way to go Milwaukee!! RT : Wrapped it up! $90,555 - THANK YOU!!!!
uhh we don't really have any merchandise other than the albums and the magazines they appear in, like J-14 and BOP. sorry! :(
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done. Bo Bennett
pretty much...they don't believe and mike wanted it cuz he was talking shit #sportsauthority already called me though :)
Do you use 's Market News? How? Does it help rationalize pricing in your area?
A #ChuckNorris -delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states...
I love it!!! Looks amazing!:) <3
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 2):
Hello Texas! We meet again.
Just did my first 10 mile run! Pretty much toast for rest of the day, I think.
Simple fix. You and should stop being so messy.
Mexico vs. Venezuela at Sam Boyd Stadium be there!!! Elle Vie will be making its first appearance at a sporting event!! More to come...
must clear up later then w u. Call in my ill show some night
If u need a SF source 2 speak about realities face students going 2 #college Exec Director can talk on issue
text me or come over my house this weekend! I miss you lol
Thank you for the FF!!
I just got really excited because I thought I saw you... It wasn't you:/
Got Wine? We are tasting 2 great wines all day today til 6pm!! Stop by and visit.
Watching the original Conan the Barbarian from 1982...classic!
We'll be sad to see you go but we're glad that you will be partying with us Friday!
Almost done with the week!!
Oh no! I can't be roped in! I won't! I'm watching my ! Dammmmnnnn u
I wanna sseeeeeeeeee
I was thinking of doing an interpretive reading of some of 's recent tweets.
Storms, they will come But I know that the sun will shine again He's my friend And he says that we belong together
Open your eyes so you can see what's in front of you
#IHateMondays but today is different. We are all inspired by a great vision meeting yesterday. Busted 2.0 in the works baby!!!
Spurrier's Christmas tree wears a visor too.
Can't wait til opening day for the tribe... Though I might be catching more pirates games than Indians...
cool! I'm looking at planning a trip down to that area in July. Anything we should definitely hit up if we have 3 days?
Remember to email your dork shorts presentations (3 slides; no more than 2 minutes) to leah dot shafer at gmail dot com
Christopher Platt at #wla12: stocking the bestsellers --chasing them-- creates a lot of problems. Is that what libraries sd be doing?
Sitting at #TSW2012 at #NCSU getting ready to listen to presentations while scoring biz plans for #UF competition. Busy day!
#etay Please keep me posted on your impressions of the traveling conference as you move north to south
clearly you need to clean less! More than an hour at a time is really too much, dontcha think?
Of course! Come get some!
tired af...im ready for a nap now!
Skrillex is performing here tonight, and I didn't even know >:[ I want to go so bad.
Looking for Second City's new Mainstage revue but can't find it? It's now listed as WHO DO WE THINK WE ARE? Just wanted to clear that up.
4 the people that r followin me i will follow back when i get 2 200 followers :}
Tweet early and often!
No sun in Cali
What bout u?
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic restrictions and problems.
Fantasy Baseball Sleepers 2012: 4 Players Guaranteed to Win Your League
nice blunt<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> roll one and bring it here lol
Holidays R around the corner..time to get the house looking good with new floors!!!
I offer suet to my wild birds even in summer. If you use correct type and quality, it's no problem at all. Of course, I use Attractor suet.
great job!
Hardet I ever studied for a test
I want a set of lockers SO badly.
why not??
That's great to hear! I hope it works out.
For those of you without allergies, enjoy the nice weather. I'm personally wishing for snow right now.
"its a bird its a plane nah its the king bitch" damn TI killed that aston martin remix... dude needs to get back to bein old TIP
So much to do, so little #time!
re Wonky color. 1) check that it isn't your monitor? 2) reboot? 3) check the cmyk settings?
Good convo at #SXSW about "Branded Documentary Films". Follow along at
7 days left and 3 of them comes with football practice after school. Oh well 3 more days of hitting people :)
thanks Brother :)
It's my last day in DC and it's storming like crazy. No bueno.
you'll get some
Today's Sandwich: Meatball sub with mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce served with a bag of chips...$6.95
Since the Cubs series win vs. StL (the first one of the season), they're 6-4 in their past 10 games. I can live with that.
You have the premium account. We added the unlimited account a few months ago.
Coming home to my lady I hear George Benson on my hearts strings...
PCTEL Achieves $17.2 Million in First Quarter Revenue
Honestly FUCK SCHOOL.
happy valentines day peoplez hope it starts great mine has just began
aw thats so sweet!!
you don't have nothing to make up! You guys played your heart out. STEELERNATION The REAL FANS LOVE YOU GUYS
There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it
"A Higher and Higher Level" Kisses!
LET'S GO!!!! WE GOT THIS BOYS. #OpeningNight I've been waiting for this forever!!!
Happy 327th birthday to J.S. Bach!
In 1920, Joan of Arc was canonized by Pope Benedict XV.
Ran 4 miles today then chased wild balls at baseball practice 1 more day until I had to Vegas!!!
who is the 2nd best player on the bulls?
"An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just off break.. Hoping my baby does good tonight :)
Need something last minute before the #Thanksgiving holiday? Come see us today! We'll be closed, starting tomorrow, until the 29th!
Many complain of their memory, few of their judgment.
": If I was in a coma after a car accident (God forbid) and when I woke up Channing Tatum told me he was my husband
a bout to punch my bro in the face
ACE Canada® Launches Two New Combined Products for Pollution and Casualty Insurance
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking ~ Henry Ford
The Golden #Girls crack me up!! : )
You rock. Just sayin'.
Salaried employees should abide by the company policy for inclement weather (make a reasonable & safe attempt to come in).
Game day
Thanks sir! No i didn't but my that mixed is powered by & made by long-time friend and very talented creative brotha .
because of , I found an inspiration (:
Agreed RT : Yes RT : IDC what you say Zoe Saldana is bad
i think that ive been holding this in for too long and i'm at my breaking point.
Who is at the #LAMarathonExpo ? Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth#716! Free massages, goodies, & great info on #Pancreatic Cancer!
I'm doing anything to avoid starting my quarterly reports.
Enjoying a glass of wine before seeing So excited!
Just left the press conference for the at ! Lots of GREAT changes for this year's race. Exciting!
Wilbanks: line betw. data and creative works is blurry
Wow I said luke alliger instead of james smh that's embarrassing ( ._.)
Congrats on a successful show!
sure and idk
To me the most interesting angle of the piece was the intense enthusiasm of some of its users.
Yeesh! Too many teeny tiny complicated charts at the Consumer Decision Journey presentation
To be sponsor for what?
lol :). - you all like green eggs and ham. Share and follow.
Fairly certain the woman sitting one row down-one row over would throw her underwear on the stage if she could. Def digs the Doobies
RT : Saw on TV great Home Cookin' win Blazers vs. Spurs. LA career high, everyone contributed....I'm on my way to Antarctic
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer3
happy to be on that list
I'm not sure :/
oh im not takin back my plz choke comment now!! lol. u was tauntin me
R.I.P Trayvon Martin Retweet To Show Respect<U+2661>
Who's got friends in #Denver or #Colorado in general? Send them a #ColoradoNative Beer with our #app! Maybe they'll send you a drink back!
When is too late to change your "branding"?? I'm sick of my name.
party time this weekend !
Looking to work on Pan Am Italian looking Will join Aftra to be on show
email me
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she garnered 6M+ votes in the Nick's kca voting
#ArtFact: At the age of four, Jackson #Pollock was playing with a hatchet and chopped off the end of a finger.
Thorough bandwidth planning, active monitoring, and proactive upgrades are a critical necessity for any #Cloud provider.
Got my shoes WET !!
Hard to fault anyone for loving their kid, but had tonight's MM ended at the banquet table, it would've rivaled last week's closing image.
<3 If we're caterpillars, it's only bc you're the Orkin man.
Where you going ? Hope not too far...
very cool! Great exercise :)
#homies there are nothing like em, where are all my Juggalos at and Juggalettes? ;) WHOOP WHOOP! :D
And you can rest knowing that you LIE and support terrorists who target innocent civilians. Their blood is on YOUR hands.
We're going to on Thursday, right?
Best of luck to Excited to watch on ESPNU on Friday. Sold out in Kennesaw.
More of Atlanta bricks
just saw your tweet re: fav PDX desserts! Thanks!!!
Just wanted to say thank you for being such amazing hosts today! The team really helped bring it together at the end :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Thx. Too often we wear of rapists walking free. In all countries it happens. Let's hope it stops here.
haha :D yes I love those
has a bomb Cobb Salad & the owners are sexy
because you're lame.
vs that's the move!
Would you rather be sucked into the world of one game of your choice, or have the ability to play any game you want?
What is the cost of a square farm at $15 per acre, the distance of which is 640 rods?.
i'd like some background info-- can i come to practice?
haha bc he always wants YOU instead of me!! :(
Rhe Chandler Jazz Festival helped me with that and now I have the news article to help me push to get into others. Me likey!
WOYZECK won the SILVER MEDAL at the FanTex Film Festival of the Writer's Guild of Germany
If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a "your company sucks" FB page. -
Yes! Pawmazing prizes!
Thanks for the game tweets. Keep 'em coming.
The biggest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
And YOU are the best one for the job! :)
This morning has felt like a day in and of itself.
...my guess is World Peace's suspension isn't even close to what Torres got.
Happy bday to this ugly ass nigga
Just landed. Gonna blast Pink Floyd on the way home.
oh yes I do
Starving but too tired to get up.... all nighters are not good for you.
text me..im in the library writing this lame paper
Lovin basketball this year
Now following :)
Cali bound for a few days!
Hello, Alex! Yes, we have taken notice. :) It's sparked quite a discussion in fact. Wishing you all the best!
the 2+ hour drive was worth it!
m hmm...I see ya
Woke up thinking today was Wednesday
I watch pom. RT this if you misread it.
It's cold & wet outside so stop by our dry gameroom to warm up :)
Why yes, I do tangeray
Oh, great. Our catalog is down. Can still find stuff with a work-around. Correct title from Amazon, title search in circ. & Prestone!
hmm, thx, lots to think about. Right now I am being myself but (some)kids don't respect me. Sometimes learning happens
Arse kicking are my specialty! Looking forward to it!
We had a guitar playing caller... that said the guitarist for The Fray was playing a "flat" or "sharp" wrong...?
Good point! Ideal is to keep the best of the "vintage" and add the best of the new. Problem: define best
B/C its to help my aunt find the perfect COMBO. for her new and first child
Should have taken all the emails from people about working from home as a sign.
The people that matter know I'm with em all tha way
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
On my way to clasz half slp... hopen that time past by fast
Enjoying LeBron James jokes this morning. You clever clever people.
Lol that's not nice
Had a nuts month
Dude! You need to let the minions know you're still alive! xD
Good to meet you,too! #Carmel “: Another highlight..talking local theatre& &compliments to our wonderful library!”
Excited to have in Philadelphia. I'm betting a 3rd person changes the whole company dynamic.
lmao who are you talking about?
whatevs. You coming to derby or what?
Come down to Twins Jazz club to catch my band performing original music from my album 1334 U ST NW DC 8pm
It can't be more than 45 degrees in this apartment right now. I shouldn't need to wear my winter coat INSIDE.
Great to have the #socialirl group here at the building today. I hope you enjoyed the day.
If ur trying to upload an app or script for #sourcefest, is having some issues, so be patient and try again in a few hours. Thx!
iight well when u comin through So I can be ready?
yeah me might! He's not that way!
ohh , well I don't even know what you look like !
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn vos Savant
Very good win today by The Cats over the Vols !!! Now getting ready for the PACK tomorrow. GO CATS GO PACK !!!!!!!
writing about baseball!
Bravo to for another great Christmas show! I'm one big ball of Christmas spirit right now.
sounds like someone's jealous...
Had a dream about a canary over the weekend. I like the meaning behind that and really hope it's true. I really like this canary.
Hi my name is Mulania I'm a political refugee from Burma I speak Karen. I need a job. I've applied to the IRC website but no answer!
2) that I had in high school. There is going to be some serious nerd fashion happening this afternoon!!!
Why doesn't my computer have any sense of urgency? This video rendering is taking forever! It is Friday, hurry up computer!
Yeah and in high school, people tend to try to live up to stereotypes than embrace being diffrent. I gotcha.
Good game 1
we are all pretty cute
thanks Natalie!
Some cards do offer protection against fraudulent charges like that. If someone was able to charge 25k, prob protected
#centralonline Last service of the day! Happy Easter everyone!
kay, well i have to go, TrueBieberFans, going to get My World 2.0 tmm no matter what, rain sleet snow or hail. justin never fails. xx
I love people watching at airports.
In Music Meeting- Brandon Flowers “Crossfire” solo record? just like da Killers, uv heard it before, if ur not bored w/them ul like
Always Revive the Drive to Make Things Happen for Yourself ~ Sapee #Dont stay Down for too long. Fact is, Life is Full of Upz n Downz
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Enjoy it for me while I'm inside all day :(
Must be really bad...now every siren known to man has gone off & honking.
so that's what everybody means by "be careful on the Internet.." you'll have a creep chasing you
. Absolutely. Looking forward to learning more.
just checked you out on FB! We should play a show if you ever tour near NM.
Thanks for letting me know and best of luck as you progress towards your next job!
I don't need a rebound, just a distraction and can't even find that! Were are all the single guys at?
Thanks! Look forward to seeing more from the crew! Will we see you at Hip Hop International this year in Vegas?
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I failed that drivers license test
Thank you :) We are humbled by your kind words!
shhhh what happens at BSG stays burned in memories forever!
#SHA2012 On road from St. Louis, what's this about Nor'Easters inbound to Baltimore?
you need to reintroduce yourself to that movie.
Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded as three modern America
I'm the perfect definition.
Just got my orange wristbands in the mail. Those are all access, yes?
I'm with you on #2-understanding Lost! For me...the whole d--- show!
Tomorrow morning, have a big announcement at 9! You better listen!
Am I the only one who's been so busy that I forgot to have lunch????
FREE MY NIGGA
We are always looking for new voice over talent. If you are available for voice work please let us know! Thanks
Just finished shooting hoops. Man its getting hot out there and its already 11am
I've never been a bigger Colt McCoy fan.
Very welcome! Thank you for giving me a good faith effort. Keep me posted on how things turn out...
Hey D, I sent you a dm. Happy Easter man. God bless!
remember when twitter was just a toddler, we all had so much fun telling life stories now it's nothing like that, and never will be again
thanks for the shout out!
Thanks to Danger Mouse...the Norah Jones record is actually worth a listen.
But seriously, let's do this. The road trip, not the outfits. But maybe the outfits. We don't have to decide now.
RT "Sit with a stranger and listen to them speak on topics you know nothing about. Be inspired."
thank god for extended battery
It's Friday!!! Time to get loco at FloCo!...after getting some studying done in the business center, of course...
Such a fun weekend, thanks for the support friends! Now back to business... finishing up my taxes & back to the design grind!
Actually, is trying to have me be a Hollywood Squares guest! But we still have to Skype at other times.
Thousands will march tomorrow in Seattle for workers and immigration rights- here is a story and a space for you, my readers, to talk...
Back in the studio
Morning listening: cat trying to eat the the garbage can.
i love you so much you're always so amazing to me i wish i was as good a friend as you
Thx to Rebekah & Don from NARA for helping us figure out social media & web records
Off to the AM event to learn from Dan Kaplan of about
I really hope Oregon State plays Louisiana-Monroe in football soon. I vote UL-M forever!
I would so faint if I get this dance instructor position. :)
One of the processes of your life is to constantly break down that inferiority, to constantly reaffirm that I Am Somebody. - Alvin Ailey
I think I have an unhealthy obsession with checklists...
Good morning everyone got up in a good mood lets hope istay in a good mood:):):):)
in Kentucky they put our names on our jerseys... In Croatia WE HAVE NO JERSEYS!!
So ready to get out the crib and graduate, one week from today!
#HardestThingToDo ;; stay warm in New York when winter is coming..
Hiking in the Berkeley hills today, the slope got too steep and dusty. I took off my shoes ... so _that’s_ what toes are for!
tweet something!
cleans. I don't like cleaning. :)
you too thanks
The next 12 hours will be spend in a caffeine-fueled, sleep-deprived and anxiety-enhanced rage as I finish my last 2 finals...
Thank YOU Jocelyn! You rock :)
RT Hopefully we'll see you at the event on May 12. Go DC!
This week, very interesting topic. Jeanette Chasworth talking about the power of color. Thurs 8-9pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
praying u have a speedy recovery!
We are giving away 2 FREE Bears tickets in the month of November to one of our Twitter followers who signs up for a free profile! Enter now!
Yes. THAT kind of awesome! RT And if by awesome you mean #HungerGames nerds, you are correct :)
i can't fall asleep wtf i hate insomina
So thankful for good conversation with and God giving me a future husband who pours sweet,God-given wisdom into me
+/- a few grains. RT : well, not completely meaningless but definitely worth several grains of salt
Thanks to all who attended tonight's event featuring AD Larry Williams! Great to connect with so many.
“: Hey mom?” “WHAT!?” “Nevermind you`re not in a good mood."”
I got you guys.
U go a long way to get ur way :'(
My experience is college/university, not employer, gives credit for a course overseeing for-credit internship. cc:
Attempting ice fishing for the first time followed by the #Ravens game! A perfect Sunday. Purple & black!
Hey can u please follow me? I bet u guys r gonna kill it tommorow<U+2665> Cnt wait!
this is Edgar at WCCO Radio do you think we could get a hold of your friend in Mexico. Please call me (612) 332-7900 thank you
You think we are dating???
Good news: I won a bet. Bad news: my friend has to change his name legally to Doctor Flexagon.
a little hard to watch yes! Maybe next time right?
RT : social workplace: expert meets expert ..like the tag line #linc #cisco (me, too) w/ swarming + just-in-time learning
I loved those weeks. Enjoy!
I know! It's one of my favorites!
Metta World, ah, forget it.
thanks for all of the RTs! hope you are well!
short film, just a huge cat sitting there...*BURP*!
RT : Good morning everyone! Another blessing, another opportunity, another day to improve!
Just checked my itunes for Nelly lol got it.
Hi testing sonar @ Jacob Tyler Creative Group
theres something i didnt like: you never write me .. :) can u change that now? <3
I see a fat blunt in my future
Please clarify yr allegation: and/or plagiarise content, or consume news online for free. Which?
Well Ima bad bitch and I know it lmao tyty voice... Tyty lol way an immature name sisi
Loved it! (Except for the part that it's still a kid's cartoon and I could quote lines I've never heard word for word.) :-)
BNI breakfast time.
Thanks for the RT today
ice cream it is then :)
I am, too! I came home and immediately looked in the fridge.
RT Moderating at #digitalhollywood on Mon on future immersive consumer experiences with ...
a big group of us is DEF going!!
Hanging by a thread
You are welcome. Best of luck in your PR career.
I tested the Ph levels this morning...it was almost all P...and no H...
I don't know why I'm up...
Today’s downtown specials are: Roasted Cauliflower, Tomato (vegan), and butternut squash (vegan). Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry mint.
Do any of my followers own a ? I've got specific questions about usage and subscriptions (fees, necessity, etc).
i know what you mean--grant finally insisted that i upgrade..which means that he upgraded too.
that was the best, or all the "cute people"
The coach looks 'Skerryier' than the players!
A little dark chocolate may reduce the risk of heart failure. A "little" being the key here and make it DARK! Less sugar more chocolate.
Beautiful pix! Thx for sharing!
fantastic. Will come by booth for sure if nothing else
- ok. this may explain the very negative note I received. Sorry you were spammed!
shut up Mrs. FORD!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to following more closely the news in your reporting area. Cheers.
HT to the spam bots for staying off #lrnchat last night, but they're back :-(
I just bought a brand new John Deere
#ThinkLikeAMan funny as movie bro ~ lmfaaao
close, because he's dead
i have school tomorow but i gotta plan :D xD
nice meeting you! I'll fill out an about.me due to your inspiration.
it's a mindset, a skill set & most importantly training those who deliver services in the District to be the most skilled.
Hey, puke and rally.
big match today #legooo!
What is a man's view of safe sex? A padded headboard.
I'm so glad its late so nobody will see this confession.. but.. I'm not happy that Make It Or Break it is completely over. Yes I'm a fan.
Dr. Scott Fraser: a long history of antipathy between science & law. need STEM in law schools, & all memories are reconstructed
I love you so much i know all of your songs Super Bass, Autobiography,Muny,Blow Ya Mind, Romans Revenge, Save Me, Massive Attack
SO TRUE SO TRUE. Screw you for leading me on! "'Forever' has 7 letters, and so does 'Goodbye'"
Playing sims ... no life
I GREW UP A FAN OF PCs and WINDOWS. BUT NOW?? RETURN OF THE #MAC . DONT MISS ALL THESE ERROR MESSAGES AN WARNINGS ALL OVER THE PLACE.
Halle Berry screamed at the paparazzi like I wanted to scream after I saw "Catwoman."
"Thank U for the RT! It cost so much more to hate than it does to love." ~ Solomon
apparently coconut shampoo but damn that sucks
Jump into your bathtub dramatically?
Thank you! That's our new fall addition.. Glad you like it!
STANK w/ DJ The Metaphysical | A night of heaters, rug burners, awesome tracks & dance floor | 10PM |
Q5 - Really? Why is that your favorite?
Oh, and listening to P.O.D., too. Go figure.
To bed
Just over two weeks until Bring Me The Horizon and Parkway Drive!
Thanks, just went and renewed my license. It was painless.
Nothing is better than the encouragement of a good friend. - Jean Jacques Rousseau
Hitting every sample table at Costco
Today is my husband's 49th birthday. The day we met I was 17 and he was 20. This is just a little freaky to me.
RT Pretty much. RT : The bottom line on why social media works: people like people. [news flash!]
not cool. Sorry people suck.
Was doing so well at the pacer until I tripped >.< now my ankle hu
do you have any idea of its whereabouts?? i have no clue
Let's get high , kill these lows...
Fuckin FAIL. That shit was embarrassing.
hosting the #glaadawards! Amazing!
FYI if u store apples together with potatoes-the ethylene gas the apples emit prevents potatoes from sprouting.
yeah cuz it serves no purpose nemore...we need la bck now
Dress me as if your life depended on it.
hello R&R
sucks, huh?
(With an entire cast of little people.)
You asked for it and we listened. New GROUPON begins tomorrow 8/11/11 $10.00 for two taco platters of choice and two soft drinks $20.50value
That’s a good way to let people know how to bundle up their kids for school though. Dress like a polar bear today.
oh I sowwy (:
“: What's a nice way to ask who somebody is when u get a text with just a number, no name?” "hey new phone and no contacts!"
Good morning #TweetDontEaters! What types of breakfast foods do you eat on the run?
Same. I guess technically they're my home team so I should root them on.
I have to disagree with Blair Levin; Europeans don't have the kind of discretionary spending on electronics as Americans do.
Lol a Wessex water van just drove past using one of those microphone things to say the water supply is going off for 1 hour
Hope all my friends in Nashville escaped the storm last evening!
Tomorrow's game kicks off at 3:30 against UW-Lacrosse! Get ready for a great day of rugby as MURFC looks to bounce back!
The Good Morning text I just got.. > >
lol “: Don't worry. I weigh more than them too. >> “: Why do I weigh more than Mayweather & Cotto?!?!!! WHY!?!"
I wonder how many people don't have a life, they spend so much time here or on internet games
We will be praying for you
your bed looks extremely comfortable .. lets watch a movie.
Thanks for #FF mention. MAVC will definitely travel to Roanoke to play volleyball this year; most likely in March.
The audio is so far behind the visual on CBS it's ridiculous. You can't tell watching golf til a tee shot. Swing and tink five seconds l8r
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: The Rock & Roll Yearbook for 1971 – The Allman Brothers record world class performances at the...
But You Didnt Tell Me Goodnitee :(
thanks! Definitely
there are so many subliminal messages in this movie
does victoria follow youu?
It is the same time...we just didn't feel like corking the bottle.
I got u I do musik myself ill hit that up thoe
Haha, get with it, Dana.
I love hearing about your interaction with Jolly. Wish him all the best no doubt.
Nothing like finishing dinner just as the #SportingKC game starts. Too long of a day at work if you ask me.
I have a universal one
Show tomorrow night, 7pm at Clearwater Theater in West Dundee with our friends Indolent, Zero to End, and Dysfunctional Mariachi. $8 for tix
;) Oh ya, WA, OR, & northern CA I really like alot too, beautiful..."stuck in OH" lol, I hear ya, I live in AL now :/
Well, hello Saturday ... it's been awhile.
nice pic you look great!!
the tattoo! lolol
#InMiddleSchool we played ultimate frisbee with Mr.Young, and I was a boss at it!
#preThanksgiving so let's get it over with and go eat!
Knock the world right off its feet and straight onto its head.
oops. Also good luck tomorrow at the iron bowl this weekend! WDE.
S/o to the Ark. musicians!!! Keep God First
is it here?
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
To scan a hard copy of a doc insert it into your scanner's sheet feeder; press the simplex or the duplex button on the scanner.
Florence, Silversun Pickups, M83, Sleigh Bells, LIGHTS, Two Door Cinema Club, Grouplove, Scissor Sisters, etc etc!
With da band drinking smoothies...I love orange...nd i gotta stop sayin da...
CHARLES!!!! IM THE JUGGERNAUT BITCH!!!!
Oh my gosh I just practiced parking like 10 times
LM Police Chief Ed Aceves says his staff reports every crime and makes them public... "so people know" what is really going on in the city
M what is that smell? What perfume or cologne are you wearing today? and speaking of aromas, 4:20 FLOYD is coming up next...
Follow my crew ... In depth discussion about life, music, and all things relevant.
and overall niall's just better in general :))
If you take Closing Time, you'll never have a hangover again ;) check out our page for a chance to win a free sample!
Charity fundraiser at Dr. Howell's for the Special Olympics of St. A. Then out to celebrate Josh's 27th! He has nice lats.
Many kind words coming back on the new posters. We do plan on making them available in the future. Thanks for all the support Horror lovers
oh naïveté. Ignorance is bliss. ;)
lol i never liked it .
I got a 1030 for my score on that online test in pre algabra today. Mr. K said that was a new high score
this is going to be a very busy weekend.
i am in boston. selfishly, would love for you to come.
Do you use Twitter? If so, please follow us Thank you!
Legalized drugs would make my life much better though. Less niggas bragging about getting high to fit in
I'm wondering how many times in NBA history someone has had 15+ rebounds and 20 assists in the same game. Can't be many.
I can't breathe without you but I have to.
If he/she cant keep a conversation; what makes you think he/she can keep a relationship?
You should automatically get a loss when Nazr Mohammed can get inside that easily...
Dear Denver, thanks for supporting us this weekend! We're so proud of what we accomplished!
Hes an inspiration to a lot of people, & he's always there for his beliebers & thinks we're flawless(:
oh man that is the best! Hot dogs or Peas are also a clutch move!
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups. Cathy Guisewite.
when purchasing a spaceship the priorities are: 1 voiceovers 2.uniforms 3.learning to fly
My Falcons lost today. They really didn't seem to be firing on all cylinders.
TGIF!!! Have a great day!
I'm glad twitter is not down!
every hour is sad o'clock in a Nicholas sparks movie. Ha!
Yo dis little Sixth Grade girl got the nerves to tell me I'm too young to be in love. Girl Bye!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
RT : “Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.” --B.F. Skinner
Tonight come by to watch some Monday Night Football :)
showcasing some talent in sherman oaks.
I can no longer stand the trash, ghetto conversations going on around me everyday.
": Betty was never really likable, but good gawd she's a cunt this season. #MadMen" Lol, so true #:-D
72% plan to research gifts online before buying this holiday season--Deloitte Consumer Survey
I love with Real talk, invokes feeling that we're all in this together.
I wish that I knew some way to hashtag the drop in this song.
Alan Meltzer Leaves $1.5 Million To Driver and Doorman
I manage everything on the facepages and the twitters for my client, moonlighting as a 40 yr old stay at home mom that cooks a lot.
Did she really just asked me can we go out tonite? Hell to the no I'm gettin money no time to play wit u this weekend sorry
yea I kno
WE LOVE YOU TOO!
Gearing up to release a slew of new music, can't wait to hear your feedback! Loser Lemonade: Home of the 808
Um........why are there helicopters circling my house?!?!!?
I assume that's how Air Shows draw thousands of spectators every year. 4 pilots are aready gone like this during five years.
I'd hoped the words "That Bernie review isn't writing itself" would have some stimulative effect on my motivation. No go.
#Bee venom has anti-inflammatory qualities and has been an ancient remedy for #arthritis relief if the person is not allergic.
The hashtag didn't work on the last tweet, but you get the idea.
That's awesome.
“: I wanna wake up to a cute text message :)” same here...
My phone is dead, hold on call you in a sec
YONDER MOUNTAIN STRING BAND - Pabst Theater - Friday, November 11 - 8PM DOORS.
It's OK to retweet any information regarding your beat. Readers can consider the source
Considering Whitney grew up in Newark and lived to be 48, she actually died of old age.
tonight, showing the directors the poem I've been working on for the street theater piece in #colombia ...
Lol nah that's all u PLAYA!
I'm gonna start going by "Tafari" for this music shit. That sounds dope. It's official.
Grill homemade pizza! RT : A1) When Grilling Exotic for the adults order Pizza for the kids
Friends w Insomnia: get over it. Seriously. You're Better and Greater. It's just a state of mind and you CAN change it. Peace.
RT : Interesting that FACULTY were more engaged with students when using Twitter in class and vice versa
I don't think that's how chickens make more chickens...
I have just seen it all... A man in a man dress? What has the world come to....
Awesome. “: #FightTheFuture is trending already, damn! :')”
Project number three - fixing his brakes.
What do you do when your dreams become reality???
When we think of leaders, we remember times of change, innovation and conflict
i drOp shyt.. h0es pOp it.. dem birdiez fOll0w it... gOt my name in yO mOuth? b1tch swallOw it
Finish your work early and act like you're doing something productive for the remaining 40 minutes. Ready... go.
lol RT seeing you the other day (: >>>>
Rappers ain't supposed to do what R & B singers do
let's dance.
did you read the post, its not about the story, its about the editorial decisions that have been made
Definitely piling up on the grass - not sticking on the road yet (good - my kids won't be home until almost 2:00!)
This bitch on campus pd just rolled up a dollar and tried to smoke it because she didn't have a cigarette...
Thought so, not worried too much, it's recruiting at the end of the day.
Let's go Gators!
We would love to begin our careers in Seattle! Do you have any positions to suggest to our May 2012 graduating seniors?
A surplus? People with a spending addiction aren't going to like that one bit.
Tell us what #summerart programs your org has planned! We want to hear all about it and #retweet it! Thnx.
Thank you for supporting & attending beautiful luncheon. Enjoy chocolate!
congrats JP, big end of year wins for you guys
- i fucking hate chemistry.
Watchin the substitute &the new york team is a school like 15mins away from me lol ik a kid who goes there
My timeline's not dead but my mentions sure are..
it's sslurtles all the way down!
<<<<< Is A Rude-Ass BestFriend
But again they blogged dismay and apprehension
This packet is love
That's game! #SportingKC beats LA 1-0 & is still unbeaten. Great game by & the team.
Sharing best practices about how to kill things and light fires. Shared by showing.
Back On My Ssht, Niggas Dont Want What I Want.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tend to get attached very easily in a relationship, yet it takes time to earn my trust.
make sure you check out my links for doritos on my page below on my twitter page!!!
Manic Monday specials at A1 styles book ur appointment asap 916-304-2663 check out A1 styles of facebook
Many Moods of Ben Vaughn came just in time to save a poopy Saturday. Saturday begins anew.
Clarissa Explains it All my nigga.
I'm starting to believe there really are only two and a half degrees of separation between Seattleites.
I added commentluv to my blog last night...pretty fun! Well...not the process of adding it :op
"That is shrimpy von shrimpness" guess who said that?
You and your "swag" can go fuck your selfs.
RT: Imagine all the shit I don't say
Its kool I enjoy it
too late...
you're such a good friend lawren. Now lets go fuck some bitches up.
Bounced back and pitched well
Looking at a long list today.
*TRAUMA* Box 52-2 Eutaw Pl & Druid Park Lake Dr; Auto accident, car overturned. Medics taking 69yom to in CRITICAL cond
I have so much more respect for you. That was the REALEST shit I've ever heard. My ma took off on me cuz of her addictions
Tapping tonight #RahrBrewing snowmageddon with cocoa nibbs on cask! YUM
great interview.
That was a valid point. Thanks for sharing your views!
Best Buy should send me roses today since they do nothing but fuck me.
Im creating a series of noted around my house to remind me to workout :) lets go!
Ah. Shorts. <3
you're very welcome.
You think?
me me! i actually have a shoot the 25th there
I see looking fresh !
Exxon found a high level of improvement in communications & operating results. So it has made it a required training experience for managers
RT RT RETWEET If the first thing you do in the morning, is check your phone.
we don't right now; just US. the challenge is language - food terms are highly cultural / unique and don't translate well :(
Hey Reco I still want you to come down this year Nov 11-13 and be apart of LS Fashion Wk bring it!
Receive $10 OFF any B-KAO handmade clothing or bag! Just mention "TWITTER TEN" at checkout! Booth
I was just messing around man. You know I love food too much
Daps for Marni, who makes a beautiful shoe that can endure a long night.
Im so tired of being used, I fucking hate my exs. Stuck up bitches, that constantly need cock to live in life fuck
Bath time, reading The Hunger Games.
thanks for the follow! I'm excited to see what urb_im produces.
I feel like the HEAT are trying to kill me!!!! Just win the game please!
how was ya sleep
Our Jamaican jerk pork and brie was jammin', slow-braised lamb was luscious, but our Hebrew Nationals w all beef chili & cheese are banging!
All crossed! I'm ignoring John. xoxox SNOW DAY
usually the next day for ATT
Well, it's time to MOVE!
Back from watching my baby cousin <33
Interesting to see little or no corporate logos inside Rose Garden for NCAA tourney compared to college bowl games
Go to the New Balance store and check out Aravon shoes. They may be what you want.
Gourme Mist is reaching out to nutritionists and registered dieticians.
Not much about your personality so much as your love life. Yikes!
Is the head coach from #SaintLouis is wearing #Pajamas?
I may actually partake in the democratic process and vote...for one of the contestants on the voice. It's either opera dude or rocker chick.
Mommy Life: Eric Ludy on adoption
Keep your thoughts focused on God keep His word in your heart so when the enemy comes to attack you will bd ready
Good morning!
not much, about to hit the sheets soon....gotta be up early to get some writing done before work...whats up with you?
Portland Oregon?! My home!
definitely one of my favorite eps, I never get tired of watching it. oh baby rowsdower saves us and saves all the world
The noise that the tool they scrape your teeth with makes when they're cleaning them <<<<<
Come on Rockies!!
It was great to have met you at the conference last weekend!
Awful day
hey soror. Need help. A group from dallas jack and jill (25) wants to tour cau fri at 2 pm. Sent u an email. Janis
my name not Sarah
Mike Stud remix of Boyfriend. Your welcome.
Just got finished dropping tirene off . Heading to the mall
Driving by our new house one last time before hitting the road back to Memphis. See you again soon, little house!
Thx for the follow, stop by and say hi when you are bike-touring Baltimore- we have beautiful architecture in Charm City ;)
Besides utilizing my warm weather wardrobe? Soaking up the sun while jogging through Central Park
wow that sounds like an amazing trip. First time there?
haha same here dude!
Life has spoken all conversations cease
Thanks to for being the 1,000th person to follow me on Twitter!
Awesome news! Congratulations to the Terso team!
I'm going to cry its actually so perfect aw
": Oh no... I'm very proud of it! lol... How old are you?" About to be 29!
when u need it im still out here on 87th u can get it now fam
Sounds like Congress is back in session on 17th street this evening!
I did her wrong but yet she still around but she treat me lik shit shuld I except it or leave it alone?
Hahahaha!!! I like that they actually let the kids have front row. Very generous. Real southern gentlemen. We're nice people.
Lol that dog! They're all over New Orleans lol I took a pic by the icee dog.
What part of the World are you?
Whew! That's gonna have to be enough #FF love for today. I can't type anymore. Have a green wknd & tell ur fav stores about !
I'm watching Tin Cup lol
No problem :) <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
there is no bathroom!
to early for me fuck that !
blah blah blah leave me alone lol. Them ashy lips.
Someone talk to me :)
I'M HUNGRY AND I KNOW IT.
Just got a call from a regular.She is upset she will miss sidewalk sale (She's been 2 everyone) Wants us to know she is OK, just out of town
#JustRememberThat just because one guy hurt you all guys aren't the same.
Love me, hate me - either way you're thinking of me!
Time for swimming lessons with the boy. Dunk him! Dunk him! Dunk him!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 41
GL: as long I can share work w/ people I study, even noone agrees, OK. R job not to approve/disapprove; but 2 show how things work
good luck! and have fun
yea!!! I got the part I wanted >D
I'm kicking some doors down! Drive deserved an #OscarUpset in Sound Editing! The entire movie was led by the audio!
I dont wanna go to school :/
these 2 people survived the zombies and shizz and got into the govt place and now the govt trying to kill them cuz yolo
Dear Ohio: Please fire Boehner. He is a 1% bagboy. And he cries when he drinks, which is not fun at parties.
Happy New Year pastry world i was away from internet for the weekend (not doing that again ) but i am back
True. There are a lot of talented artists who could benefit from those programs if they were within reach financially.
Today Show right now - 'Nag No More'. Perfect segment to watch to help marriages & relationships in terms of communication & conflict.
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away. - Bil Keane
Late wake up for me = lots of black coffee (Dark Guatemala) & lots of black metal. What's your kickstart to get your morning going?
Let's go White Sox. Get that W.
stop by and visit our booth!
external collaboration research is in minority at #gail2010. Potential for next year's conference presentations.
am doing great too.I just thought it would be great to say hi.and its nice being your twitter pal
A: Keep it original. Don't go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
Good morning to you. The weather seems like it will be tolerable this weekend in the S of A. Enjoy it!
Guess who I'm sitting next to right this moment? Katherine Boyette is in the house!
EVERYTHING is on my flash drive. Lawd <U+E413><U+E411>
Just got some love from Jonathan #brandmeier on #WGN radio! Work zone safety week in full swing!
An age is called "dark," not because the light fails to shine but because people refuse to see it. ~James Michener
what do you mean story of your life?
Jets just got majorly lucky.
I still beLEEve.
Don't ever get Geico insurance. They have the worst customer service ever.
RT "The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value."-S. Covey
Ashleigh is singing at a celebrity fundraiser hosted by Billy Dec on March 8th! We are so happy for her!
beep beep I go to sleep
Paul Pierce just passed Larry Bird on Celtics All-Time Scoring List, that one makes you stop and think!
u so nasty!
Stay healthy over the holidays by drinking water, getting some well-needed sleep, and don't forget to floss after all of those big meals!
Hey nashville peeps... dont drive.
and I will go dance in the rain now.
I just had the tastiest food in #ParkSlope #Brooklyn. It's got a great daytime crowd here and the nicest staff.
Both teams average over 1 point/minute on offense and 61 and 64 possessions per 40 minutes. Talk about little to no value in that Under..
Good Morning everyone sending coffee to all xo
Where in the world are you tuning into the seder from?
Thanks! It's my goal to make immersive gallery & mobile platforms including games to share Jewish art history.
That's not nearly big enough.
totally forgot how much he hates auditioning.
Test Message..
This weekend i found out who my REAL friends are
Too much "dribble, dribble, jump stop" by Taylor 25 ft from the basket.
I did at first as well. Thats how I realized what you were saying.
...Especially if you add to that the fast break points they can make off lakers turnovers.
where is it at?
got to say, those are some new criticisms for me!
email me @
Thank you very much for the follow. Appreciated greatly. Have a wonderful day! Peace & Love.
Time cannot go by any slower
IM FREE!!!!!!! READY FOR CHICAGO BABY!!!!
i wish
yes and yes! We have lots of other editions, check out our etsy shop: crackeddesigns.etsy.com
oh hell no why are you so dirrrttyy
Wth happened to Houston winter?
This is pretty cool --> RT UN food relief agency partners with film
Might get me some toms tomorrow(:
At times I do miss having my ex bf,.bc id have someone to sleep next to every night and wake up next to every morning
“: Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest.”
": Halo #EpicFail"how?
omg love it!
CORPUS CHRISTI for the Glass Slipper Ball!!!
The brakes in the van don't work. Hoping the brake fluid we added helped. Time to rock the shit out of Atlantic City
While I can't *professionally* endorse the $1 #blackjack tables at #Sahara in #Vegas (HORRIBLE rules!!) the game's a freaking riot!!!
I almost wish it was simple my doctor doesn't know what's wrong with me so I have to see a whole list of others to find out.
Working before teaching tap this evening. Hope I have time to pull together the tap news today. We'll see...
visiting my neck of the woods for a week. good to see everyone
thanks!! that's really nice :-))
it's my baby boo 's birthday! Love you <3 (:
Thank you to VMeals for providing #TBBmore with a wonderful spread!
Project Jamaica, Queens lives.
Olive garden is my favorite restaurant
nutritious but definitely NOT delicious. bleh!
In the lab mixing down A record for my boy from GA "Party Animal" FIRE! Finish up Tribute mix tomorrow.
Seriously, June is gonna be the fucking BEST! Can't wait!
In the name of fabric testing I am now wearing a pair of jeans under my dress. I look like a fool; this is some serious job dedication.
that she can get milk from sippy. IDK, maybe worth a shot.. and she may like game of going back & forth.
Um amma go to bed now I have2 wake up early
He opened the show w Obi Wan & Luke watching R2D2's video projection of hardcore pornography instead of Princess Lelia's cry for help.
Maryland football: beautiful offense, offensive unis
adorable new picture Mr. Biersack(:
Merry christmas!!!!!!
Good friends. Bad friends. We all have them.
So...Bill Murray telling Jonathan Wilson how cool he is at San Jose. Whoa.
) yeah Jennifer! Here we are on twitter. have a great weekend.
If I went to bed right now , I wouldn't be so tiers in the morning , but instead I choose to stay up until like one .. Bad choices !
Update: Nightline segment will run TOMORROW night, May 8th on ABC. Stay tuned!
Holy shit, a player from the Royals walked. Yes, took 4 balls. CRAZY!
Don't forget Friday Night Flights from 6pm to 10pm but stop by for dinner here before!
... Which was almost autocorrected to "even badasses need napalm."
would love to read some of your stuff... where should I start?
Is vitamin water a thing?
Happy birthday
New user name, new default, new look! Stay in touch.
is that a rhetorical question Bradley?
I am completely confused right now
recommends Voice Memo App (android)
I do not know the specifics of the advertising on the site; however, I believe it is a 3rd party that is involved, not DK.
I am toying with bringing my windbreaker, but wondering how much time will I really be outside.
dm Me I deleted my aim app ;p
Jimmy tressel called it quits?!
I wanna see Diddy do what Dre did with Biggie that would b the shit east coast baby
Looking forward to moderating today's #PRSAHoosier luncheon featuring ! Follow along via
Ad Clubbin' it up tonight. 6pm UWM Union room 179. Strategy vs. graphic design work
& will be talking #socialmedia w/ & their event council tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
I think I missed another meme...
Dinner served by the hubs: bratwursts, seared to a fine juicy crisp. Yummies.
Good luck!
me too!! Can't wait to have time for this :)
Thanks for getting us to 800 followers!
I gave up not because im weak but because your no longer worth fighting for
I'm not gone say he choked. He made some mistakes. lol
Currently laughing at myself. I can really amaze myself sometimes.
pills + Silver Bulletts? Lowell
wouldn't it b ello in your country? Lol
Can't wait to show everyone the Spring/Summer Line, this will be our biggest release to date!
Pssssht. Whatever, crazy therapist lady. What. Ever.
my birthday was yesterday had fun
ight bet lemme know(: I wanna see you
It would get 65mpg and NOT be a hybrid. The hybrid version would get 90mpg+. And it would run on water only. Yeah.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it! – Lucy Larcom
Politics, rock, and hip hop. These people's know Wassup
Great run out there today!
will be a massive meltdown in Indy if they do not win SB now but especially if they don't even make it
with that being said, Wings a great 4-4 team. They score here! This has all the makings of game 7 w/ all the whistles early
Lots accomplished today, alot more to do tomorrow, off to enjoy the rest of the evening, hope you all are well! see you all again tomorrow!
I was a tad high strung at the the time ... ANYHOW I'm glad you're OK, soon it will be
Sorry for the delay! Tonight we're doing half off bottles of wine. Teldeschi Zinfandel with the Duck Breast?! I'd take us up.
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place. - Roy Acuff
yay!:D ohh so being cute make you funny.? On then this gone new hilarious. Y is6 afraid of7 ??? :0
Sipping coffee in Peet's, listening to talk to himself.
but, of course
Thank you for RT's
An IU vs UK game is good for #iubb and #bbn; not coming to terms is a loss for both sides. Esp. if it's over money.
this kid in my PSA class quoted our line from Sex Drive! It made my day!
working on some new music and its amazing,, will be keeping u posted
You didn't know I was a Packers fan?!?! Lol.
specially when he falls, he never gets back on D smh
I have this 3ft bear its more than half my size, I don't want it anymore...... Any takers?
Lets do this.
the entire record multiple times.
Welcome to the #SFWordpress Meetup. Any tweets with the #SFWordPress tag will go to this wall!
welcome to Twitter!
To an amazing women Happy Birthday Pattie :) Wish you the best of life <U+2764>
you guys ever cover toll road issues in MD?
If you were worried bout where I've been or who I saw or What club I went to with my homies baby don't worry you know that you got me
Let's go brewers. MSE in the house with the marketing gorilla.
at least fights that I won't get in trouble for
Only 23 days till Euro 2012...
I have to practice parking today...my road test is tomorrow!!!! Yikes :/
And the #berklee library www is back! Our fingers are crossed that that's the last of it--thanks for your patience.
True blood on dvd :)
I love the movie brave heart! William Wallace / Mel Gibson sure knew how to piss off those fruity English bastards. #Freedom !!!!
wish I could say the same.
I agree! It appeals to mass consciousness.
#TalkingFunny was a great success. Loved hearing some great theories of comedy from comedy greats.
Hey listened to to your stuff. Now that's some home cookin' blues! Love it-check out my blues band-myspace.com/pipercubs
Best of luck with finals, everyone! If you need a quiet place to study or even rooms for group projects, visit !
Well played, Drew. RT : loves a good Rick Roll. They just Rick Rolled me through an offer page mock-up.
It's going down at the soul station for bday
sounds good to me! :)
Jamming To
I'm hoping to pick it up soon.
I've been thinking about things that I love. I love the idea of twinkies... but they let me down in reality!
*wipes crust out my eyes* good mornin' :D
Heat vs okc game
my fault got caught up wit class. Bro we gotta link up
||+~.. SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Why is the Lizzie McGuire Movie trending? LMFAO
“: My first try at #CrossFitGames Open 12.1 was 95 reps. I can break 100. #bringit” get it!
Classy move by the Bucs organization. I'm impressed. Best wishes to Eric LeGrand.
The Boston - Bulls game - Wow..what a finish
texting u now, save my number :)
That's the *essential* Toto...
Wow, just called me the H-word! RT A Chicago hipster () shrugs off that list of hipster-ish cities.
was invited to the group "George Mason School of Law: Class of 2015" He's good looking and smart.
HGB does inflame passions! :)
this weekend passed by fast....
and who u laid up wit?
My club is playing the hawthorth heights song that kids sing to. Love them.
I wish.... We still have hannukkah...
sick goal tonight. #5 play on sports center top 10 plays!
TMIW Ye Olde King's Head in Santa Monica has some drinks with your name on 'em, & after last night's debacle, time to drink em!
Much more my speed! I was worried about that pinching thing.
I do!
can't wait to see some scans!
yeahh we r on the samee page! Except mine is about sharkss.. and pizza sounds so good right now!
Hello Queen! I really like that you are culturally oriented. It is rare to see your type of boldness I like it good job.
I Texted You Back
Definitely go with iPhone!! That's better than BB!! Trust me, I've learned this from experience! :-)
Congrads Gary! How do your friends at Web 2.0 Expo get a copy of your new book?
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.- Pamela Vaull Starr
If you want to check it out, just go to our twitter profile and you can stream songs and vids from the link in the bio!
If we can call ourselves Great Britain, I think it's ok to rename your country The Awesome States of America.
": I only check my voicemail to get rid of the little icon on the screen" LOL ME TO
#BBI know your numbers or face your ruin.
we play at CCA at 7:30 Tuesday night. hopefully I'll see you there!
Just watched a rando in sweats tell 3 consecutive girls at whole foods that he's a "producer". Really Hollywood? Is today cliche day?
Also teaches breakdancing at JOMDC. It's an intro level class at our Bethesda studio.
sure did(: it was kinda hard though, because of austins socks and shoes!
My awesome friend Tory Thompson surprised me with Rick Ross/Busta Rhymes tickets for my bday!!! I'll check back in when I see his beard!
It is indeed their loss. I have to believe it means something better is in store for you.
have the best time! love you! <U+2764><U+2728>
I will be! I'll be hanging up signage and fun stuff like that.
rain rain rain coffee coffee coffee
J'adore Montreal!
that should work
These routine plays are turning into circus time for the #Brewers. Stop it.
Tony is a 5 year old girl
after a quiet week, crazy neighbor is playing music so loud I can't hear what I was listening to, at least it is the middle of the afternoon
today better be nice!
I have your ticket, just call me when you want me to come give it to you. I'm in
Religion is a burden, Jesus is the love that lifts that burden.
I've barely caught any music at SXSW, but it's been cool meeting everyone that knows me through the web. Lots of great folks out there!
Saw comments on $2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks. Want to chat? Please send phone # or email me at
If eating 2 nights in a row at is wrong, I don't wanna be right :) Bones Brew & Ribs anyone?
Also, huge thanks to everyone that came out this weekend. Pics and video to be shared soon!
We just confirmed some SWEET door prizes ! Kindles, Window Phones, gift cards, oh my!
Seven Cannot Seriously Be Dead! That Sht Cray... I'm Sad As Hell Lowkeyy :(
Damm my sister wakes me up early & makes breakfast. I wanna go back to sleep before work. -.-
That awkward moment when there's empty Ketchup Chip bags all around my desk..
Perfect, except same time as my session... bummer. Happy to see it on deck this year tho, so will spread the word.
Omg i can't.I can't.
I just LOVE Sunset magazine. So many great ideas! I'm in my element!
I'm sitting in the Florida sun and sweating like Michael J Fox's barber.
RT you're nasty
Great day to be outside!!
Thanks for coming out tonight, #vegas! We may be cleaning up, but the night is still young. Where you off to next?
has a fucking stalker chick :o -__-
yes, hope we can afford to lose Peprah.
Same woman now complaining about ugliness of Crocs and Uggs, while praising velour track suits as awesome
Fuck what u heard bitch I'll fuck ya fuckin brains out, and make you wash your boyfriends sheets to get the stains out.
can you do some facts about niall? xx
Don't go too far in that comparison....coaching change at IA and the Big Ten allowed a waiver in that case.
Tom+Gary's Dynamic Dance Party Delivery Service STARTING LOCATION FOR THE AUSTIN DDP IS UNDER SOUTH SIDE OF 1ST STREET BRIDGE AT 7:00 SHARP
Another family movie night. The dogs got to choose the movie this time.
Do I get his prize for following?
can't wait to see your TEDxRaleigh talk. let us know where it will be streaming
Welcome. Enjoy.
feeling like a super nerd as I use this long weekend to read up on meta-analysis
absolutely love your tweets! Can I get a shout out :)
None of that will get u close to this
If people know you, they know you are not the type of person to say things like that.
Dr. Phyllis Martin: we have to provide leadership opportunities for our children so they can change the status quo.
Damn you and your ways.
I dont hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you.
I wonder if I can justify last night's Pariah/Young Adult double feature as an exploration of the forms of third wave feminism.
not an error but he couldn't even charge and barehanded a Pedroia slow roller.
Can you rewind and perform that live show again? Because that shit was amazing.
Goals determine what you're going to be. -Julius Erving
Watch the booze. Besides making you dance on tables, it allows you to eat bad things!
Only would do this...RT i bought a ryan ross guitar pick off ebay even though my mom said no....
Thankful that God has blessed me with another Beautiful Day.
close but u still LOST again lol, try back again tomorrow...
Thank u very much!! Ill try the lavendar next time I get one. Ive had em since I was 8 so ill try pretty much anything at this
Can't help it, I have a degree in being argumentative (philosophy).
Merp ill work twice as hard I guess... I want to work to
#oomf is weak AF but I don't think she know it cause she a trustee hoe
The bounty hunters assemble. Discuss the area and check equipment.
Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Just enjoyed a free 10-minute massage thanks to !
RT : Something I say all the time just said: Are you going to be really good at a few channels or bad at many?
when you drink excessively, just don't get behind the wheel. Period. And if you've gotten a OWI, hopefully the point has hit home!
I will never thank my mother but always say thanks to my lord and saviour jean bennaboo
Call your dr. cuz you're getting gingervitis
Hebrews 13:16 But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.
He's in jail too! I think there was a "shares names with real athlete crackdown". The case is in court...!
Pinpoint focus + detailed execution - meaningless distractions = Progress.
Who sent the flowers? =o
I'd rather have Price and Ethier right now.
who wants to come to bw3 with me?
hey babe
I'm watching my daughter and two friends build a trap for leprechauns. Some good Louisiana girls right there. If it moves, trap it.
You and me both!
Back at Churchill Downs after driving around lost in Louisville for a time. Now, ready for opening night.
Beyonce, you don't know what you do to me girl!
We're the new nostalgic. we're here to ear fuck you with sound. And we're fucking back, fuckers.
What do you do for summer fun? How do you keep the kids happy and occupied??
- just ask yourself: what is the specific purpose of the scene and how can every word get me there?!!!
And I have already lost my first #SBXLVI bet...had under 94 seconds for the anthem and it came in at 94.59 :-(
where can I find a 3XL Chicago Bears Jersey in Chicago? Today is my dads birthday!!
Remeber to ask about our Oregon Zoo or OMSI packages next time you visit Vancouver.
What up world 2012 takeover who's comin wit me
He hasnt walked on water...yet
Sawdust Symphony tomorrow night at VIA! Show's at 7:30. All ages. No cover. Get down here for some amazing gypsy jazz!
misses when I could just walk back to my room and change. Hope no one notices I'm not wearing green today. Irish name = free pass?
your giants need to win so can #getgronkd!t Go pats!
seriously #Tampax? holy Shit. your Spotify ad is terrible: "It's hard to be a female artist... you know, cauz you get your period." Use
#peoplealways forget to help those who need it most :[
Just two days until the Open Days! If you're not joining us, you can follow us on Facebook - we'll be posting updates, pictures and videos.
Work is fun today
Morning. Coffee is on.
#RoccaBar #pre Halloween bash ` Fridays SAINTS & SINNERS #BLACK&WHITE PARTY, BDAY BASH.
haha we're telling secrets!! RT : when someone says DM it usually doesnt turn out good.
Nice to meet you, too, Britt!
Embrace the vino RT : I spilled wine on my laptop. Now the delete key sticks. So I find myself more accepting of whatever I...
Ignorance is bliss..
got your card for tomorrow! X
HEY! CAN U GIVE US INFO FOR THE NYC MEET AND GREET?!
At Costco the day before #Thanksgiving. Here's hoping I'll get crushed by a 50-lb roll of toilet paper and be put out of my misery.
Congrats!! RT : Big change to announce! I'm joining 's Digital Comm team at as Digital Content Strategist.
we've all missed your twitter parties =)
you can't even ride it anymore...
and why don't you two restructure yalls contracts so y'all can keep NOVACK and maybe get some other pieces?
OH: Hey there's a station call the Joint. 4.20FM
History project due May 11th? Why not start May 10th?
haha did you show her the picture of him with the glasses?
PERFECT. Have so much fun, give Peterson my love, and I hope you have a Joyce Carol Oates Experience!!
Dog park!
i will talk talk talk 2 u
I know it's a little late, but nontheless Happy Pig Day everybody.
woo woo! hopefully no "hurricane" ruins it.
Nba playoffs! #ilovethisgame go spurs nuggets Grizz thunder heat sizers pacers boston lol go knicks too I guess
tweaking some #holiday graphics backgrounds.
Hurray! RT : Just gave one of my editors a quick lesson on Storify. I wouldn't have known anything about it without
I really need to clean my office. It's small, and any clutter at all looks overly messy
Happy New Years!
Go to the real hood and you'd get your ass kicked
Good Luck on starting your #HCG round! :) Happy losing! RT Surprised that these hcg drops don't have a taste to them.
Left ear feels like it has water in it. Everything sounds muffled. Time to mix......
Which era would you prefer to live in?
to be fair, does that account for workforce that doesn't apply for jobs any more because they're exhausted from finding nothing?
Still searching for a Screamer! Please spread the word <3
yehh you already know.
Do I need to send some sandbags up to the citizens of Kentucky to stop the Ohio River flooding?
Snooki tonight Say what you want, but can you shut a club down? We will reach capacity tonight! Will u be inside?
<that's sexy!
great, now everybody on Twitter knows that I don't FourSquare, will I ever live through this shame?
Engaging as partners is hugely important, we agree. Thanks for the feedback.
There's a firepit, lake and bars nearby. Count me in.
#shoutout thanks for the #follow! Have a great day :-)
Jim Tressel. Thanks for having such generous contests! Makes the work week interesting!
Something just made me feel a type of way.
Enjoyed talking about Technology, Placemaking & #OpenGov at the OpenGov class at UIC last night! Thanks for the opportunity
Visit my Passions by K Facebook website!! Thank you and have a wonderful day!
#ChicagonistaLive & are always looking for best places + events to attend and cover. They welcome hot tips and suggestions!
Yall Can Have Eachother Ill Find Better One Of These Days!
You're silly. I appreciate it though.
Dear Red Sox, The world is back to normal and you're terrible (especially you Ortiz), CHYEAH!
I am " THE KING OF ENTERTAINMENT ! "
You love your life. How should you not? I hate it, because I'll never be anything for you.
If my mama would hurry up since she insisted on coming to the gym with me then I could go get my nails done
Plans for tomorrow hm
it's her fault though
More About Solvent Attack on Plastic - Products Finishing Magazine
im sure all of your followers do!
yep. So what's up?
U worried about ur follower u need to get your dollars up
Afterward, Gloria said to her that it was necessary to love silence, but before you could love silence you had to have noise.
Announcing a Financial Crimes Unit! I just got wood!
good.looking
lol...no joke...but loved the rant....hope u feel a little better!
Well, I will just have to eat some for you! Our volunteers are super excellent bakers! Have a great weekend!
LOVE this show. Not happy with Jessy leaving @ all. HE IS "THE VOICE" and they all know it!!!
Having dinner with Mom at her house.
Try this out
#RIPPhilipOkapa <3333333 you will always be in my prayers <3
why should we pay you if you are going to be assholes about customer service?
If anyone out there has ever purchased an umbrella that doesn't snap instantly and actually works, we are awaiting your calls.
Lmao. Friends just learned what a "bottle rat" is.
Haven't been to work in a really long time
PimPs Always UP
and i dont mind that line of thinking, but soc.media not the issue
I need some of those pics from last week.
The more I think about Vince running the offense, the more I like Fitz.
Delighted to have won 2 Koa Hammers @ #koaanvils - 1 4 speech writing another 4 op-ed designed to help bring Honolulu Symphony back to life.
what's with the new title?
Please do - thanks for responding!
just made my debut on Big Freedia's reality show AH!!! super excited now off to Jimmy Kimmel for sound check. So excited
The 4square Badge of Courage
I wish there was an app for finding out the boys phone number in the car next to you...
Nice meeting you today Jeff
She is a DIRECTIONER. FOLLOW HER NOW NOW NOW
“: RT if you're the one who always does all of the work when doing a group project in class.” yeah every time... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#TenAttractivePeopleIFollow too bad he doesn't follow me back...
Got caught up in politics, still the same old drama, back to writing.
Basically the same, but my sisters and cousin woke me up, and they keep arguing!! Over stupid stuff, not fun! lol
Indians playing a little bit of catch-up in the 6th inning with a 5runs in so far . Fukudome at the plate with 2 outs.
. upselling Econ Plus seats to Premier Silver members bites. That was the biggest perk. Now I have no incentive to fly United.
yes, there is a chapter in Philly and a brand new chapter for specific regions in Pennsylvania.
I really need to stop texting people to makeout when I'm drunk. There's gonna be a day when 5 diff dudes show up at my house at 3 am.
And theres no way I can pay ya bak but,my plan is to showya that I understand you are appreciated
Hate wen ppl txt jus cause they have none else to do! Like bitch don't txt me now! Usually wen o txt yu, I get no reply!
2 NFL play off games, Clippers-Lakers showdown, heaven for the American husband
Salsa tonight and every FRIDAY NIGHT! El CopaCabana Nightclub (4100 Central Ave) #ABQ #NM! Live Band & DJ! HAVANA NIGHTS!
I don't watch that shit all like that. I seen the ones on Netflix tho
Are you a condo owner? Is your association on the FHA- or VA-Approved lists? It should be if you wish to attract a larger buyer population.
Saw the second #GIJoe film trailer, Bruce Willis at the end was hilarious!
Good friends - hard to find, good to have, infinitely more reliable than SEPTA.
I went on an interview today and I was asked if I would enjoy working from 7 am - 7 pm Mon - Fri?? #GetFoundQuick Got Lost Fast :) NOTHX!!
nice twit pic cute face :)!
I'm stuck on level 7!
My back seat sucks
lmao why u say that
Final got 600 followers
I Just Want to take trips all around the world That's All I Really Wanna Do
glad you had such a good time! ;)
I wanna go to Panera Bread and try their chicken noodle soup <3 I bet it's really good stuff
RT : I do but I'm assuming this is another Bri < yea nah another one. lol
Everyone get Dirty Work trending world wide. The world needs to know about this amazingness. ;)
A real winning attitude is about standards of excellence...Being the best u can b-& doing the best u can-are the constants. -Mike Krzyzewski
Snow + ice+ no fault insurance =
ask sam I twated him
homieee it's been 4everr I'm srry I've been without my phone and shit for a hot min!! Holla at me I got it now :)
I almost didn't go because my hair looked so good. I just finished a 8.97 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Yes, with her contract with , I'm sure that she'll be able to continue to afford the nicest shoes.
Doing nothing but relaxing for the rest of the day with
Day didnt go as planed but its all gud things never do hmu
YES! TIE GAME! LET'S WIN THIS!
hellzyah! wish you were in Balto for MD Film Fest trivia/happy hour!
He's my hero.
really can't imagine this year being almost over.
Ways to piss of neighbors: become a drummer, then also download obnoxiously loud dubstep.
congrats on your #MIPA2012 awards! More to come, I'm sure.
I'm so sorry about that! If you contact our cust. service, we'll get it taken care of ASAP! /888.717.6257
Tune in to PTL today to watch Sarah Marince perform! Local celeb gone national!
You were gnarly last night on Teen Wolf can't wait till season 2! (:
That's what I try to do. Keep showing off that beautiful smile of yours.
thank you so much!!
I can't help the fact that I love NUTELLA and OREOS....never tried it together...
You meant JFK, not LGA, right? LGA has short runways and thus few big trans-Atlantic planes route through there.
jeans will do, right?
I'm happy they're passing just wish my little Air could run them faster.
Anyone at FSU taking an online class???
i'm awesome bro, at home now but all good. I'm always horny when I get home!!
Really enjoyed the History Channel Pickers TV show last night! It was fun to watch Daniel locate the various treasures!
97X... BAAAAAAM. The future of rock n roll
thanks for the prayers!
I''ll call you this weekend...
thanks Musical Mom! a few TweetHearts didn't show up until now...keep up the inspiration!
I love you more than anything tyler sheppard <3
Indeed. Some might call you a carpetbagger.
good,im fuckin happy for you :)
is watching the Twilight Series. Again. #Tweens #Twilight :-)
The Seven Venue in Columbus dawggs
Every square inch of this plane is occupied. Every.
omg. I LOVE your hair <3 ! That's the exact color i want it! How'd you get it like that ? :)
Hi Trisha- Happy Friday- Have a great weekend my friend!
Would you like to nominate an outstanding volunteer for their service in Charlotte County? Click here for a nod for a Joanie Award:...
We r in DC next week to support a T bill that puts people to work, keeps us moving, and lays groundwork for decades of prosperity.
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundred times a day, and of doing good once in a year.
Water to ass time
Thanks for the follow Jeff! Check out this quick jazz clip.
We need your snail mail addy to send you your prize! Email us at editor Thanks!
omg I had a bone scan too and I had a fracture in my right tibia so now im in an air cast :(
The Voice: week 2 highlights: Catch up on the second week of blind auditions on BBC One's The Voice
thx i will
RuPaul is a basic cable television genius.
Erin on #WMTW said "You only live once" this morning -__-
gotta lose 12 pounds but my mom keeps buying yummy food D;
wondering if this cyclist rocking bib shorts suspenders over his jersey is trying to make a fashion statement or suffering a brain injury.
Thanks for your help, John! Trying to reach as many people as possible. Hope you'll take part in 2012! Thanks again.
Rangers win the Cup and then complained I see your side but its not...got it now? The SIDJUATION is different. Get a clue.
that's a nope
should follow his own toenail!!! & of course(:
Professor Wife got her official tenure letter today. She can now phone it in for the rest of her career.
Vigorous physical activity reduces the risk of colorectal cancer in both men and women.
That moment when your twitter unfollows Justin. Bitch, are you trying me?
Everyone needs to check out my children my brides new full length it's awesome !
Wee today is my last show for the weekend #BitterSweet :) ): ... Cant wait till April 7th
I'm not sure I read that much into it. Usually in season moves like this announced by front office w/GM quotes in press release.
The NLRB's report also reminds employees that mere griping about their jobs via social media may not be enough to be protected activity
As a Lutheran university, we celebrate the season of Advent. Stay tuned for advent messages throughout the month.
Sunday Fun-Day Sache!!!!!!! Walk in wearing your shades and get 10% off (even if your not hungover)!
is decorating the Christmas tree with the family. It's that time of the year, already.
More like a realist. Lombardi just said game over too. #packers RT : Guess not. RT : i guess your not a fan
I would recommend the Denver Beer Company Incredible Pedal IPA to you, but I seem to have had one of the last few extant pints.
Hi girl! TX 4 mention
Just saw a Jelly Fish with about a 10' tail or what ever they call. That's why I don't swim in the ocean.
Thanks Amanda :-) cc
It's National Walking Day! Join us at the World Trade Center @ noon for a kick-off event & walk along the waterfront.
Where is everyone headed for dinner tonight?
Red Bull Zero is almost hard to comprehend. No carbs or sugar yet still tastes decent. Next up in news: leprechauns do exist....
That's no suprise
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary
I love
Preparing a good show today but my youngest wont be on stage. She is feeling sick. Next week will be her time to hit the stage again.
i love how gave a spot-on definition and stole the segment by coining the term "rupologize".
today is the day i do my taxes! *look of determination
I miss my boobear a whole lot! :(
All that I've learned, I've forgotten. The little I still know, I've guessed.
yeah more than one brian from kiss that kicked your ass every session of AIR
I couldn't get through a whole episode. I didn't get it. Lol
": & if nothing happens you drink to make something happen."
you are so talented. i love midnight red. you should follow me :)
Why don't w have such amazing architecture? Stan.hvd andgeeks
Life gets wild but you stay up
This is IGNANT!!!!!!
whoa! When did you get traded or free agent? Your gonna be huge dude!
Realest bitches of #BGC8 were and
Just wanna get this over with.
Walk away and out of my life and out of my heart!
Norfolk State, Lehigh Lead Memorable Day of Upsets
My son just pointed out that I'm balder than my father is. And he's right.
And congrats to the most awesome #googleartproject for the #webby - so happy for the hard-working team!
. Did you stop by? How was it?
I love 1D! Talented guys I would love to work or tour with!
B. The big executives are still members of the club.
i have a file named designersruinjokes.txt that I add to regularly
Thx, its been a very fun Friday!
nah I'm not a bulls hater they're a good team and yes Lakers all day night morning noon evening lol
apple cider kcups = solid purchase
"Coke(acola), man that shit's week. Get some espresso...some real man caffeine." - 's priceless study advice to Jonathan Clark.
Plz answer back:))
"Public services still provide opportunity for common good." - Hedges
ay girl can u drop it low?
#Saints DE Will Smith, other suspended players, appeal to
hahaha so glad I can follow you now and see funny stuff!!
Your battery might be failing and as a result is pushing up under your trackpad. We can fix whatever the issue 4109878588
Hey everybody shut up! GAME OF THRONES IS ON!
Our next bout: Rats vs Mob! Sat. Nov 11. Doors !!!
Yep & I hope it's by 12 plus when the Rabbits do win! #REMEMBER8/23
BEACH BOYS!
im about to be having no life.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin
Great Sunday. Kickball, BBQ and sun.
I do love him so. We watched Rules of Engagement for a while just because he was in it.
i did! i went to the translation event today and it was soo interesting. did u make it there? great meeting u as well!
One of my guilty pleasures. Real Housewives Franchises teehee
Librarians have the best kids.
I can't believe more people aren't here “: Abe Vigoda getting going and being awesome.”
Guess who has been my fantasy stud QB this year?
does aplusk miss his days on the cast of "That 70's Show"? Any favorite memories??
Whoa! So RUDE! U should layoff wishing ill on pp! RT : you don't have to b a bitch. Glad u aren't on GH anymore!
Introducing FREE tickets at Disney + Free hotel nights! Call us for Details.
Dick Clark broke racial barriers! He provided opportunities to do many people, regardless of race. A great MAN!
Had same import problem. Deleted stuff & calendar, renamed my import to a different name & it imported (but of course not correctly)
I'll do that!
Maybe think of the Mini Cooper in your future ;)
has made my week for following me! (: #CoasttoCoastEP comes out o my birthday! (: So siked! :D
hey girl hey! (:
thanks for fun and i are home safe.
OMG!!!! Grandma is here & she made me two sweet potato white only pies. Ctfu. Shidd bang!!!!
OMG I was going to ask you if it was snowing yet!
Interesting lack of coverage on Earth Day. How about that mayoral debate? Candidates w/last names starting in D no showed.
justin by friend adores u so much and dreams that u follow him so please <3 follow him thns #swaggerboy love u
I still don't approve of LeBron winning MVP. He didn't deserve it this year. Nor Durant. But at least Tony Parker was 4th overall.
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
#Bbworld11 Set first due date & it updates course due dates. Nice!
RT : this is all your fault! LOL << count yo blessings!
12 MB left to download :D
yeah cleavage!
wow how much more awkward could that be?? ahah xD
Morning. Can you say hi to me? It's my birthday weekend. Thanks.
You know it
Playdates are both a blessing & a curse. We are having one now & the living room looks like a war zone.
gook luck and congrats! Bring some rebellion to TV!
So obama's new chief of staff was against financial reform, is a foe of the health care bill and opposed the consumer protection bureau?
Your old prof was lucky to have had you in that class!
As a web design/dev who had user first drilled into me; fashion designs elitism and self wankery can be jarring
Shabbat Shalom from the Holy Capital of Israel, Jerusalem!
This performance beats that last one of new directions though..
All-night cramming? Unique studying spot? Traditions, routines & stress relief techniques? We're covering finals, and want you!
August is this weekend? WTF?
Spending my first free Saturday reading magazines, doing laundry, cutting the grass, & working my first serving shift. No homework! Yay!
i get maybe 2-4 unmarked artists' proposals a year. Less than it used to be. Still freaks me out.
Hey ladies! welcome to town. ain't beer great?
Footage of being built during a trip to the La Brea Tar pits in the mid-'60s. Plus Jungleland: an elephant taking a bath
Utley couldn't handle a slow rolling ball with a glove, That fan just caught a bullet line drive with his bare hand.
Leon Walls performs at the market this Saturday at noon.
free #tshirt for the 100th like on our Facebook page - 5 to go - RT if you like free!
Well you're welcome (:
having such trouble finding wedges........
Donald Driver and Katherine Jenkins will fight for mirror ball trophy victory on #DWTS, IMO.
Racked up shawty
Had to make another hard choice at #sls12, but #oprint wins!
replied to my tweet seeing how they were doing it's so awesome.
CREYZ ME A RIVER
What up
When they drafted Rondo!
Kick you holiday party up a notch with some "Snow Time!" It's like snow in a can! Just add water and you're good to go! Come by to get some!
this conversation is delicious.
Oof. This 3-week old eggnog is still hot and bourbonically feisty. Needs more of time's mellowing influence.
Kesha Uses The Street As A Toilet « NOW 103.1 – Today&#39;s Best Hits ...
Not at all.
On my way to make piano bar melt
and thank you btw :)
any of you #adworkers want an extra bright little partner for #trivianight??
I get very nervous out when my Subway sandwich moves up the crowded assembly line without me.
What are the things in life that can get you beathless?
Flooding In New Jersey Gov Says
Did you know Cupcake Jones colors and flavors the frosting with strawberries, raspberries, and marionberries!
YES DO THAT ASAP don't mess up the plan bro you can't, it's too perfect lol
Love David Suchet. He has read some of the Poirot stories. I had to buy the cds. :)
Thx for the tip - followed.
Yeah so this summer we're going to be playing some big shows. Who's down to throw down with us this summer?
Congrats to my man on his newly-former brand experience agency, Aurelian Marketing Group.
haha, thanks girl!!
Do any doing #EAD know why AT doesn't generate ant C0 levels?
My favorite part about having to travel from WI to Dallas this weekend: being able to finally get some real sweet tea! right ?
good thoughts for a treatment plan and healing soon!
I plan on staying engaged No doubt about that.
That other chick is the swagger like us chick
Oh we'll !
"The philosopy of the rich versus the poor is this:The rich invest their money and spend what's left;the poor spend their money and...
not just slow but jumping to smart people conclusions with our slowness. Aint nobody thinkin about no brain trauma.
OH at work: "Speaking of were-people..." Publishing is THE BEST.
Im fucking dope and this is my reward
This guys kid at the airport just asked him how to spell the letter "L" Hahah awesome
autism moms ; tell us what your men did to take care of you for mother's day. and if they didnt arrange some tlc - poopy on them!
We have a lot of pictures of or and to upload! Yay! They'll be our background someday :-3
RT You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
who you calling "us?" you're in *marketing* - not exactly normal. :)
what a great message at #Winterjam in Nashville last night! Love the ministry you guys are doing! Keep it up!
Better than straight grants, more transparency for actual security cost“: Caribbean Parade just one of many that....
Great choice! My favorite Beach Boys song.
I know we all enjoyed your lemonade stand
Kenny Brit = Fantasy FU of the week. You either hate him because you benched him...or like me because some actually started him against you
The score at my soccer game is 0-0 at the first water break. As you were.
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies. You make me happy everyday i see you.<3
#thevalueofafollower really?? We are talking about toilet paper- ask me why!
": Pillow pets." are amazing.
Depends on the atmosphere you're looking for, Seven, Sneaky Pete's, 508, Brothers all good.
waffles ya that just poped in my head LMAO
Turns out Derek Jeter is only a .302 career hitter against the #Orioles, not .900 as I had guessed.
Join OUTLET for their Thriving Scholars Benefit at the Anacostia Art Gallery on April 29 to celebrate graduating seniors!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
Go insane, go insane, throw some glitter make it rain on em. :)
Have a great weekend everyone
i only use two haha i'm wierd :P
Ok thanks!
Is having an amazing week
those big, brown eyes >> <U+263A>
i dont like hot coffee that much but its cold so ima prepare some for myself.
Cool! RT.Welcome
Sat., Oct. 8, 8 am–10 am, Patterson Park Volunteers needed! 100s native flowers need to be planted! or at 410.558.2473.
My Boi Adakid over her talking bout the world is gonna end in 2012..this Nigga dumb
Bringing empty boxes to my friends in #preschool tmrw to stimulate new ideas for block play!
Back from the gym...it's always nice to finish a long day with a great workout! Leave tomorrow for FBS09! It's gonna be KILLER!
Thanks for the RT
Grading, making soup, gestating.
Wait, you'd expect vacuum cleaner advice from me? Uh…
yeah man, I like it. A little drawn out, but their albums usually are. Pretty good though. Can't wait for more earl sweatshirt
You only have a "half wig" if you didn't buy from Dr. Wiggy's! Check out our gallery @ www. drwiggys.com or for free consult 855-DRWIGGY
dude that asshole had me so fuckin weak when he fell
wins first bout at #GoldenGloves nationals.
Don't tell me you have another test to study? ;)
We'll be in touch soon!
There I was thinking about cornsnakes and I'm instantly furious and hate you. Rapid cycling. No--mistake. I just fucking hate you.
The ball boy is locked in the dugout bathroom at Aces Ballpark. Taylor Harbin has offered to sub for him. !!!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 37
Yay! Congrats, and glad it's sorted.
not much how are things with you?
#HarryPotterChatUpLines one night with me and they'll be callin you moaning myrtle
Truthfact.RT : Jon Stewart's Daily Show rant last night on the false notion of religious persecution in the US was epic. And awesome.
I only get throwed on two occasions, when it's my birthday and when it's not my birthday!
talk to zach's face on AIM: afteritendszach
looking at apartments for this upcoming year is so much fun! cant wait to officially move in with my love!
Hey we got some Monday FOOTBALL going on CIN vs BUF and 6 wings med fries and drink for 6.50
Online registration, has, indeed, closed down, but you can still buy tickets at the door after 5pm @ The Women's Club of Minneapolis
But but... He's the face of New Orleans. He would play for nothing.
Can I get a RT if you hate when people beg for a RT?
you should just become a beekeeper.
LOW is a 4 piece 2nite with keyboards. Nice touch. Show is sold out but with a very sparse VIP section. #bestbandgoing?
I'm not going to school Monday xDDDDDDDD
Oh no! The 1st time I make it on here is my oops? :(
It gets like that some of these days!
Have a great and safe Easter to all
My balls itch bitch
What is the treatment for a Nutella addiction?
Top of the morning to you
Join Maui Mall for our Talent Showcase on Friday, this week, July 15. Visably Shaken will be performing from 6-7:30 p.m.! Talented!
Excellence is not an act, but a habit
Looking like a young Kenny Rogers with that glove...
looks like your in a little bit of a pickle dick! Hahahahahah
About to go to sleep!
Sometimes I just roll around on the floor from laughing so hard!!
Now buy your apt!
88 times a week. Shout out to all of you women....and lesser women
"Don't forget to pray before you go to sleep tonight. Because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning."
went to the celtics game last night.. it was so fun!!
The Bellmen will be playing Denton Tx on May 11 woot
nice! Congrats! You going to start coaching?
I've been gone from Twitter too long!! I miss you!
My feelings are always inside. I either feel like I'm going to get judged because of my thoughts, or no one's there to listen...
good looking, on the retweet too
My mom keeps telling my brother, if he plays video games too much, it'll become his religion. His response: "Oh my Cod.."
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female? It is rarer.
Watcing the game
text me i don't have your number
and #Oakland and
yeah in two weeks or read my profile
pathetic. RT : Rep. Gohmert, choked up, is now comparing Breitbart to John Quincy Adams and Abe Lincoln.
Tonight is the night! bring your 7$ or 3 unopened women products. We have great bands, award presentations, raffles, & ur DCD!!
And the high-collared, gray uniform suits you, Governor!
hahaha i just love this 2 silly people in my life. <U+2665>
": good morning sis have a great day :) I love you!"......Awww that made me feel better....love u too bro
YAY!!! Such a pain, but glad it finally is working out in your favor.
Parents going on a cruise
Live at the Marylander if you want to lose your fear of bugs, due to the mass amounts of them crawling out of the vents and into ur aprtment
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
you're not alone<3
I'm glad to see you are doing well, from what I read and see about you, I'm genuienly happy for you
n i dnt want you to be nice to me, be real with me... k? u wont have any problems outta me ...
This is just killing me.
yeah.. at 15, you're probably gonna have to know someone personally that would hire you. even at 16 it seems like you do
#Studying is fun when you know its almost over...
Where do rabbits go after their wedding? On their bunnymoon.
Happy Holidays! Save 10% of any class, lesson, activity or camp! Use code SAVE10 at checkout!
Im not done yet!
They need to drop a new boosie mixtape it's been to long
According to the HBR "Companies that garner world-class loyalty receive an NPS of 75% to more than 80%" in Q1 of 2011 reach a 79%
#DevNexus attendees can hear more about recent #JSR107 developments at 's presentation today at 2:30 EST in Salon C/D
I somehow find you and I collide.
You can still get them online after the pre-order it just doesn't come with the big extras, you'd still get stickers.
Thanks! I love Try-Umph Tuesdays, too.
Avoid processed food, keep it as natural as possible.
The gift of May----Decorate yourself like a Fashion Queen ...
Question on floor: focusing on families & communities to increase value of education. Kids at risk are not the ones in the charter schools
I am feeling generous though, so I will give $1k to each new follower from now until the time I win
Dreams don't work unless you do.
everyone is just too cute. :)
Putting up a new song in our Facebook tonight! :D Get pumped! Spread the word! We love you all! :D
time to hit da gym!
We're up at Lake Arrowhead for what is going to be an awesome Chancellor's Associates Bruin Woods weekend! Welcome reception is underway.
When you see people waitin in the drive threw for chick-fil-a just sitting there wen its closed on sundays
#vsa2011 Learning Together: visitor guest books/comment cards - novel and high quality materials increase quality of visitor responses.
Looking forward to your return to San Francisco. Would love to share a stage w/you @ some point or another. <3,
OKC took a whip and dominated.
Shout out to all my OHIO LADIES
No! The Bolt Bus only stops at Penn Station. I was like this is 30 miles out of my way. xD
Money often costs too much
Go Lions!
gotta be roofie Rob....
Love this blog post- demystifying archives! Keep it up!
Family get together, Ham dinner! We need more holidays.
RT : Ready to see what , and have to present at #DSum12 for #SocialMedia Trends
2 donuts down...
RT : Respect yourself so I can respect you
Looking forward to it! RT Marion County boys basketball second round Wednesday, 7:00 pm vs Lawrence Central at Lawrence Central
thanks will do..booked the VIP zoo tour today for saturday..excited :)
GM pretty lady
#COSN2012 has been great so far. Congrats to the fellow #nsba top 20 award recipients. Keep up the good work in
I'm not a half-measures kinda guy. Trying to be realistic. Good on NJ folk voting for the bill, but they got Christie in.
me too
Not knowing their actual wages or tax brackets those numbers are meaningless.
Play with my hair
and that my friend is capitalism at its finest!!
Can't wait for the next few weeks........
Oh I just scared the shit outta ... did you hear her?!?!?!
'Since a man can't make one, he has no right to tell a woman then & where to create one.' 2Pac Shakur - Hold Your Head Up. Way b4 his time!
I showed up this morning and had 3 med student sidekicks. They had pre-prerounded on all my patients for me. Then I sent them home.
As soon as I get the Believe CD im going to check if i won the golden ticket *fingers crossed*
long story
Fourth down: Shazier eats Brionte Dunn and stops him for a loss. That dude might be the #B1G's best linebacker this year.
take a energy drink it will give you a boost
Weather's been great. Should be early planting this season, no?
Thank you
Joe Szakos to City Council: "there is no doubt that discrimination exists in Charlottesville" and urges approval of commission
Is miranda singing into a jack rabbit ?
ay Lody you need to gone start a label and sign me folk,niggas in the north roccin wit me
Sorry folks! Reuploading. Should be up in 5 minutes.
you're in charge now
where did you RP at?
i just keep thinking to myself, it will be ok in the end... there's open bar.
Played the Fearless Friends tour last night. Thanks to everyone that came out and caught our set, it was a blast!
Girl :haha why dont they show what happen after a happy endin love movie Boy : yes they do its called porn XD
In math .
Comedy Open Mic Night! 8pm Hosted by Sean Collier $2.50 Yuengling Drafts & $6 for a dozen wings See you then.
I swear i just saw flyzik... Weird.
okay the u gettin hit in the balls
Camping out under the DC sky. Last time I did this was at the Grand Canyon
I don't think I realized your daughter was an actress! How exciting and wonderful. Happy belated Mother's Day.
No Idea... We definitely heard a lot of very low flying Helicopters and Jet fighters blaring by.
And a follow-up: why don't I have any single malt scotch?
I am sure we can for ya! RT : Will you have the #KUbball game on tonight?
Me and mrs Jones- earth wind & fire n marvin gaye # oldies
“: so glad im not at school” fuckin sucks.. -____-
UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH MENTIONS AND THATS WHY UR NOT REPLYING I UNDERSTAND THANKS THO
I mean a truly bad program the last few years makes ZERO changes and gets a ton of studs and nobody is questioning it.
have ur family n friends call n request ur music, then listen in to TSMRadio http//tsm-1.com
why is it much easier for me to be friends with 7th graders than people my own age
Thank you! Please help us spread the word about www.birdofprayer.org . Bless you :)
The Solid Suns' set at the Hard Rock Café began with the audience singing Happy Birthday to John the lead singer.
S/O to Milfs! Am I wrong?
Agree! No shoulda been Phillip and Joshua. “: Did America make the right decision #idol fans?”
Fake a frown, you hurt others. fake a smile, you hurt yourself.
We have a website that you can donate to via Paypal yessir. Anything helps, quite a few sending $5 donations. Interested?
your Dead Man poster isn't on the wall because you've run out of space in your Depp Shrine Room...
Hey guys im a unicorn
*fart noise
been thinking about this. I think a beach trip to Wilmington this summer should do the trick:)
I've definitely been challenged this week, and I've managed to survive. -pats myself on the back-
one day that will b me, I hope!!!!
Cleaned the whole salon from top to bottom and did a spray tan....I'm sleepy!
Great Banquet:-) Imma miss you guys..;(..
I bet it will be like Macus Phoenix from Gears of War or Master Chief. Or maybe Capcom will contribute and throw in Albert Wesker :)
my pleasure!
I was at Foxywoods. Heading back now
Holmes, he is a proven SB MVP
Just did my first iOS update over WiFi (slick), and oh look, I have a little 4G icon now! You can debate AT&T "4G" but it looks cool :)
Mr Pringle thanks for sharing... I had to put my dog down last Saturday and he was our baby...
Sorry, we spoke to soon! Both stores will be closing as of now, sorry for the inconvenience, but stay safe!
Still prizes to get: Find Todd in #EABF gear at bar right now to get FREE stuff!
We're at #insum11. Highly recommend following hashtag for great library marketing ideas.
Hey well me and Dana are ding a tinychat tonight you're invited
No problem! 'Twas a kick-ass article!
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Plotz- Literally, "to burst." To explode or collapse from excitement, surprise, or pleasure.
I love yall right back....They Show me love Back...Chiefn
I gotchu fam, yo matter of fact keep the 22/23 open I might can use your help
im sorry:( does austin know??:( ..I use to live in New jersey but then I moved to georgia..So i know how u feel.
RT : We've got 5 authors speaking at this week! Congrats
Cause I am not your boo
that's very confusing. I dont know if you're going take the Econ test or not...
In my voice from Coming to America, "I am very happy to be here"
Were back in #Wisconsin how about that I-94 construction?!
. into the wall. 7th caution of the night. #NCWTS #NASCAR One more green-white checkered
God damn, you're great looking. RT : Krusty krab pizza or ninja turtle pizza? Hm decisions...
Damn you MN time zone change, I cant watch the #WINdians until 8 so here I am watching the #Reds vs #Braves instead of #Kipnisnessing the DH
Just got done cleaning out the special place for buyers of Katy Perry's music.
Stop paying full price for shampoos and conditioners, buy at wholesale cost from us
Three weather warnings: wind advisory, flash flood watch, tornado watch. Am I going to wake up in Oz tomorrow?
“The old believe everything: the middle-aged suspect everything: the young know everything
Does anyone know how to reach Barbara Martinez at Uncommon? If so please email me! On deadline. I will owe U 1 :)
Can't believe Anthony Bourdain and will both be here in #Seattle tomorrow. Totally. Geeking. Out.
Good girls are just bad girls who don’t get caught.
Watch a Perfect Couples marathon
With everything going on in our world, I can't believe our attention has been diverted thus.
The worst possible thing I can imagine for Cincinnati music (and life in general?) is the Southgate house closing. I.... hate everything.
Sorry, No GPS devices but we can order just about anything...
Yup, formatting meeting is even worse than I thought.
Ohio Senate votes to outlaw texting while driving
Johann von Neumann~ In mathematics you dont understand things. You just get used to them.
love these declarations. How goes NY...(still)
Great information on the #agencystate webinar with Some good takeaways and areas we need to take a closer look at.
According to the Census, there are 28 religions practiced in America.
My type, what: A strong, independent, beautiful woman...
These 35-40 year old women playing pranks on each other smh taking purses & room keys.. Haha
Yeah, I sense a reality series along the lines of "Rosemary's Baby" coming soon.
DID YOU JUST TWEET?!
Looking for Network Programmers, Server Programmers, and Senior Generalists for awesome opportunities on A projects
is that human rights or pro-terrorists propaganda??? Seems like the latter. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?? You should be..
Whoa... I guess
Thinking we can get a group discount on liver transplants? Who's in?
Today's Feature: Cuban Pork Sandwich w/ honey baked ham, pulled pork, Swiss cheese, dill pickle, yellow mustard Soup: Butternut Squash
Nice Illuminati Video , Power, Nice to know you were once a man who sang about jesus now is the puppet of luciferians.
the older i get, the less i care.
watching friday Smackdown
#boxing debut thurs 28th June vauxhall colosseum vs Byron McPherson doors open 7pm £25 per ticket comment below if you would like to attend
No amount of money matters as long as I am building moments with the ones I love. Moments are forever!
When I go to a poultry show, I do not want to see ostriches there.
Please follow me <3
Running around Austin looking for last minute gifts:? Make-up, skincare, adorable aprons, and of course gift cards here!
just keeping busy! How's the opera going?
Ugh tired as crap....looks like I'm bumming it today lol
Thank you
Lol! Good stuff that.
-- Aeromexico jet hijacked in Mexico City upon arrival from Cancun; TV Azteca reports some of 104 on board freed. Holy Toledo
Yes I am administrating the SBA tests at my school. #nclb:)
hahahaha, i know! I hate reversing! Ah that day was fun though...besides that
cant sleep, maybe i should start counting sheep.
Someone in Portland give me a place to stay until I get enough money for my own place.
Does #maddow show have to be sponsored by Exxon/Mobile's screed singing the praises of tar sands? Come on, Rachel, Call off the Petrol
Glad my sister made the right choice :-) love that girl!!
Head coach power rankings - National Football Post
God still does miracles. Today, I saw one.
I am gonna miss my sis so much when she leaves for Marquette... Couldn't even get through her picture video without crying...
Planet fitness time!
Coming back to LA? =) RT : Moving day!!
This fool posting in the stuff I bought him. Lmbo
"For I have derived much joy & comfort from your love... because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you."- Philemon 1:7
RT : My boy El Diablo doin it big! Congrats!
Big ol' "Knife Sale" sign on 8th street got me kinda hyped. The inner me is either a chef.. or a ninja. Or a ninja chef.
Wondering if Cuomo gave the President a marriage equality pep talk.
RT : HA! Pau to Sager, "I gotta get my ass in the paint."
SA URBAN BIKINI BBQ is sunday, u gonna make it?
the duck walked up to the lemonade stand & he said to the man runnin the stand "hey! bum bum bum got any grapes?" <3 :D
Text me <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
Bout to start the tour of BSU.
I Can't wait till I dye my hair , I like that "you look different" look
Buncha niggas at Think Like a Man. Only what I expected
Dude just get off twitter and get some time to yourself.I'm sorry to say but seeing her twitter is just fueling your depression.
"we cannot allow access to Songza for listeners located outside of the United States.":( What is it?!
ay man i was dude playin acoustic at #FadedFest..follow me for details on the next event Im planning n follow my personal
running the crazy legs? or hitting up mifflin? haha
I LOVE YOU!
It's no wonder <3 Have you ever heard of an intern sending the office cookies while they're out on break??
Excited to work with "BigIsHuge" Digital Agency.
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer*
hello lova :) I miss you very much
original international house of pancakes of pancakes
Mumford and Sons' "Sigh No More" is easily the best album I've heard in the past five years.
Sky Explore, thanks for following!
IT WAS FUNNY. haha if I met Bailey I wouldn't be like "I met Bailey" I would be like "I MET BAILEY KDKSNDXDFJ UR HUSBAND" ;)
Hey I just met you, and this is shavy... but here's my shaver.. so SHAVE ME MAYBE?
Head over to tonight for the Bags, Baubles & Ballgowns charity event!
#JonezBestBet of the night: Over 204.5 in the Spurs Jazz game. Look for Parker to drop 40+
Stop letting these triflin ass niggas run ya! You looking bout 50 y/o!! Dont worry we good over here!!!
Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulders. I don't want to look back.
Last pitch, team Bwallet up now at #SocEntWknd - "Buy it Better, Moving Your Money Made Easy" + + = Bwallet
Our life is what our thoughts make it. Marcus Aurelius
HACKER! We all know I don't need to write that for it to still be true
Bought my GLEE Live tix today!!!!! gahhhhhhhh so stoked!!!!!!!!
Wish I could help, hope you win!
oh i wished i did!:)
LAO - around 20% of CA personal income growth in 2012— & nearly 1% of all personal income in CA this year—expected to be related to Facebook
lol you better! you missed like 2 chances to come!
that's awesome! Thanks.
um y
Can't Sleep :/
Tampilan baru mobile twitter.. just knew :D
My friend said she will give me money if I marry CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
YUM! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : monicals for my cousins birthday lunch
I love standing in the center of photos... so I can't be cropped out of the picture! (well at least not without a great deal of photoshop)
Why do people find the need to stop by the front desk and talk if they don't need anything. Ay dios mio
Justin bieber might host the grammys ? is this true or what ?
Says the guy who threw a chair at my bleeding beautiful face
oh yeah I'm excited! Never been to Alamo St! What is it?
You don't have to be the sharpest tool, you just have to do something.
Whatever. I just want to be able to take you out whenever i want to.
and the junior scientists at the la brea tar pits observing and sketching fossils
don't want ya to get all sentimental on me, but it was :)
really .. are you sure ... The right number .. well either way he's doing great .
@ Caffination in Philly finishing designing the book layout.
Haha! So you're a BTR addict?!
my fav is me and bobby mcgee. I also like cry baby.
Terra Nova, Alcatraz & Touch. 3 smart interesting Fox series I got invested in. All 3 cancelled after less than 10 wks. Yet #DWTS lives on
Wow. If you wear a tight shirt, you wouldn't believe how many guys help you bag your groceries. Didn't think I was being that risque.
let's hope he's pn the football team “: Just got punched 3 times by a black dude”
Take a windex bottle. Clean it out. Fill it with blue gatorade. Walk around Walmart squirting it in your mouth. See what people say.(:
I have just realized that facebook killed friendship. in its place we have friends.
Day 1 of #BikeRSVP in the books. Sun finally came out for the awesome final stretch. Operation "sun's out, guns out" back on for tomorrow.
RT : Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Yes! RT : A2 face to face adds the icing on the cake for meetings/convos in virtual world
Drank 1 gallon of coke now can't go to sleep!!!!!!!
My god are you annoying.
Natural Born Killers, what a perfect movie to break in a new TV! :)
lol RT : Naw yo even Jojo coulda sold more records than that son RT : This is a marathon not a sprint..
It's -15C. Greenbay must have brought the cold. Predict the score. Closest wins a Safari Coffee Club membership value$78. Bears29 Packers 27
": "Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you." ~ Oprah Winfrey #quote"<U+2665> IT! How are you?
I played it once. =( We do need a sleepover!
Meryl Streep I wasn't rooting for you but your speech won me over. Best speech of the night for sure.
Besides the fact, they always have some sort of sponsor on the TV(ex.Every in car cam has that driver's sponsor on it.)
Storage Event #3, at least it is happening with all the Vendors on the Conf. Call
It moves me... everytime n never enough. Cuz it's beyond the realms of us all n totally unforgettable..
lol hi missy bye missy love u more & don't 4get to think about the trip I txtd u bout
So modest!
"A walk along the beach for there are those who cannot walk."
I hate these things. #BIRDS! HaHa
dat boy said "hold up let a nigga pour up young freak bitch eat dick till she throw up" nigga u hard on them beats
Is anyone having issues with #EBSCO databases right now?
You get off your ass..and you find that fuckin dog!
Nice post Awesome!
thanks for favoriting it it made my day/week/month/year it's the little things in life <3
I'm jealous of the life you live!
Looking forward to #EarthDay? We are! What's more considerate of mother earth than energy efficiency?
However, if a person is going to make a false claim of following the teachings of Christ, don't expect me to let it slide
why aren't YOU funny then? Answer me that!
in short: fuck you hipsters
thanks, and you too!
Best Buddies Tampa Bowl-A-Thon is on Saturday, Oct. 22 at 12pm-3pm @ Pin Chasers-Midtown! For more information check out our facebook page!
Omg ha RT How many homeless people do you have to kill before anyone cares?? I'm up to 15..
Summit Financial Group Reports 2012 First Quarter Results
It was probably from the fashion show! :)
LOOK at the future president of France..
I vote for "Cram it in the boot" as the funniest commercial. Small Darth Vader gets the "cute" award.
or wait until she gets drunk and just leave ;D MAN I want to go!!!! WAAAAHHHHHH Just another month and a half and maybe I will :)
": After a two hour drive, a ticket, and a detention for leaving school, I am here to see @ the Rave! #sopumped" ;)
it's banging tonight here too
your a
Exercise from David Breslow: "If I just got out of my own way today, the 1 thing I know I need to do is...._____________"
doesn't matter but you don't really need to, unless you're having problems. Though, you'll need to charge it every night
Media co has ordered evacuations. Not confirmed
now y'all arguing over phone apps??lmao!! I bet it was a Nigger who spark this off....dumb fucks
General Sorenson CIO-G6 talked about streamlining app acquisition into contests with 30 - 60 day sprints for deployment. Good luck.
Peter Dinklage was in The Tick? If this guy gets any more awesome I think the world will explode!
“: Well since Feb 28 (start of conf tournaments/HS state tournaments 9 times teams have fouled and 8 have won game...)”
Who's down for a new goal? I wanna make every word and action something to be proud of. Let's change the world. Happy Monday. Be strong.
Thank you for following. I always follow back. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe
Nothing like a little penis talk to start the day!
Don't miss the easy opportunity to expand your art collection June 10-12 @ The Jazz Gallery Benefit/Auction. Eclectic is our middle name...
RT : A new corporate tax report means a new hashtag. Follow #CorporateTaxDodgers to keep up with all the news.
Some of this Kentucky Derby coverage is pretty funny. Reporting while riding a horse? Impressive, yet a little sad.
No, I dunna think so. ;)
Ride the Beat Tour is in town! afterparty co-hosted by & (B.o.B) this Saturday
indeed. My favorite radio station dedicated Given to Fly to him tonight. I shed a tear.
love it!
you're going to eat the whole box =P
Nobody knows what I'm feeling inside I find it so stupid So why should I hide That I love to make love to you baby
I'm not even talking about the cloud, just my local NAS/Homegroup. And I don't really put video on my android.
haha yes. It was good!
Just finished book "When God Whispers Your Name". We can also use inspiration to run our race.
Thanks a lot! It's going through the editing process right now!
Happy Fryday tweeps! Are you doing anything fun this weekend?!
Best conversation of the day: hearing our clueless talk to another team's clueless bus driver about what's going on in the tournament
In Australia they play Game Night on the beach. Weird...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I hate making power point, but now I have a new respect for them. Because a bad one makes you just want to scream...
There is always a better way. -Thomas Edison
Thanks for making us proud. Best of luck in your future.
Master Sergeant Andrew Layton is our Lead Alto. You can hear him throughout the recordings on our download page.
Congrats going 50-states 6-day in prime-time on Sirrus XM ch 125 I hear the sounds of
Inspired by the #gradnation summit? Call Congress and explain how #nationalservice can improve graduation rates 1-855-877-3783
we talkin bout s.w.a.g
Hey New York, come see tonight at 10:00 at AMC, hurry before they sell out!
yeah dude it's so stressful, I'm taking a class right through Princeton and its 6 days a week, I have time for nothing
Gym time. Got get it when I get it!
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
They won!!! Woot! Woot! Now that Dallas took the win. The Ravens will take the win too RT : lol thanks jess!
Cooking steaks on the grill for the fam!
Preparing for the North American Engaging Times Summit 2010 in Chicago!
Birthday not coming FAST enough 12.9
hey, I was sitting with brian when I published. 9:30 on the dot.
Expectations means dreaming big!! Do not limit God because of what your past experiences have been, or based on what others may say.
*smooches* Here is to winning my way to the LA Beauty Event
RT "As non-profits, we fight from a place of scarcity, instead of share from a place of abundance." -UW Colorado CEO
It seems really unlikely that the #Celtics will get Chris Paul in a trade for Rondo, but if it did happen, it would be awesome.
: go kelly.
Are there any hackathons in support of/solidarity with the general strike on Wednesday?
love that song!
just cause you say no homo doesnt change the fact that it is homo
Love yourself so no-one has to.
#IWantYouTo break down the weed so i can roll up
twitter and wine = a winning combination!!!
May the 4th be with you
somebody been watchn my fb & Twitter reportin back to oh boy !! Ctfu
How was everyone's weekend? I got some amazing things coming up this month so stay updated with Facebook and my Website! :)
Did you get number? Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Great result
#Hm They say we make our own destiny but as we run into people we should, do things we never thought we'd do, i wonder..is it all preset?
C Webb is a top 3 color commentator in the game
Only a true fatass would trade nuclear weapons for 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance
I am at work ready to get it in..let's go..
Writing fuel: Teavana's "Citrus Lavender Sage" over ice. So flippin' good.
no prob! Should be fun :)
Im back bitch :-)
Yay! 5 more days till my birthday! :D
Listening to #tweet.#learn.#lead but geared to educational leaders...oops
BREAKING: Report of fire on the roof at Mercy Hospital in Aurora.
you sound like you were an amazing child! Ps will there be a chance to meet you after the show Monday night?
no stop
one of the illest dudes out right now
i have some of those, but they're the all berries kind.
I got way too attached to you
Great Networking Tonite at ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown.Entertainment Industry Meeting 8-10 w/ Attorney Ward White & Guest Panelists&Party After
Send a smile for make someone smile week! To Send a Smile Today call 800-873-1348
Bless you
Just had my headshot taken at a traffic light. Think the courts do retouching?
We're excited to see the show. If you don't like this type of show, there are more than 100 others in Vegas each day. :)
i find it ironic that a mexican couple came into work with a baby wearing a shirt that said "all american boy".
#FF Amazing alumni continued:
Hey Vanes. shoot me a DM. Want to talk
the dude abides. ;)
There arre so many cute couples im like hi forever alone Cheergirl<333
I wish, I wish that we, that we could make this work. I know, I know we couldn't have known. I see, I see that there's no future here.
Wade hendreson felt those events showed racial profiling impacts all Americans not just Sikhs in airports.
I need u 2come2the station<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093>
thanks for making my evening a bit more bareable ;) now off to wrk!
doesn't *lol* look like a drowning cheerleader?.... weird :/
Sweet! Strasberg is a great program. Good luck!!!!
Nice day to skate in AZ!
Used the word "besides" twice in one tweet.
How long does it take to reverse moderate gum disease?
well then merry christmas, KISS MY ASS!
So how is everyone doing? Haven't been able to talk on Twitter in a while. Say hi!! :)
Doesn't everybody? RT My stomach hurts when I get hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Research shows that you can drop your heart dis risk by 22% by eating beans/lentils 4 x week.
thanks so much! Follow us to be the first to know when we hit the shelves!
one of the best movies I've seen in a while.
Rain or shine we're still working hard: Delivering 2 dumpsters to a new remodel job starting in Bellaire. Can we help you with your remodel?
the mets will tank and david wright will be ours
I watched "Troy" last night with Brad Pitt and he was beautiful in it.
Dont forget to send your info so you can get the diamonds are a girls best friend wall paper for your cell phone and computer!
Life is too short to hold grudges or hate. Enjoy the time you have now with your loved ones because tomorrow is not promised.
Anyone wanna give me a reality check? Because I'm floating on a cloud right about now.
#Np church on the moon
Goodmorning . Hope everyone has a BLESSED Sunday (:
I'm in the Hole! Cindee got delayed though :(
Me: I take drugs. Mum: WHAT IN THE NAME OF-- Me: Tomlibacco, Payne Killers, Styleroids, Malikjuana, and Horoin. Mum: That's 1D. Me: Exactly.
i love the rain, but i want some snow!
it's not always about where you're going, but who you're going there with.
You still have a Black Berry. No Razr for me, but earlier version of a smart phoen. Either way time for an upgrade soon.
you win a husband, uninterrupted starting dec 16th. Hahah, seriously I'm so proud of what the guys have built!
cant wait to go get that magazine next week. im pumped :DD
guess ill say good afternoon
looking forward to Ingrid Michaelson @ 8:15 pm Thursday night. Rain or Shine!
I'd say you have about 15 minutes before the CODE ADAM happens ;)
We sang this song for my granpa's funeral last weekend he was a huge baseball fan and it was so fitting for who he was.
Er... Live show this morn, Sir?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 12
i'm annabelle. I liked youre profile cause i play guitar too.. :)
okay (: thank you! your imagine will be up soon!
RT "You can't fight for the equality of yourself if you’re not willing to fight for the equality of others.” via
we focus on 303 Squadron as it's the subject of r most recent book. Can u recommend one about the others? Thanks for pointing out!
C u tonight. All warm and lovey. 6:15
He signs them bo because he stinks
how have u gone so long not getting signed!? You are the best thing that's ever happened ! Love you <3
HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY!!!
“The rightness of a thing isn’t determined by the amount of courage it takes.” <U+2015> Mary Renault
UNC's lengthy post defenders just too powerful for Creighton! Gotta start swinging the ball on the perimeter and look for quality shots.
TYVM! RT : Donated 10 boxes shoes for #haiti relief. #abq u can drop shoes @ 4th st at z-coil. MASH UP THE PLACEgive thanks!
you are the sweetest kid ever <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I love you Mikey <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I think that's so cute your bestfriend is your sister(: love you<3
All you really need In life are your real friends/bros
RT : "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different."
Thanks once again, NYS, for taking it to me this tax season.
So stupid. Right up there with posting their FitBit stats. Not appropriate in a professional setting, IMO.
I will be out of work as of 7/31... They've given me my notice, girl!
Damn.... That sux
I used to hate the world, now I just hate everyone it
Jeff Foxworthy: "Here's a redneck word for ya: initiate. My wife ate two hamburgers initiate a bag of tater chips."
Anyone have decent ideas for lit. mags to submit poetry too? Would like to test the waters, so something small or mid market would rock.
Now my mom is making fun of the way I talk #SickPeopleProblems -_-"
i lived in Rancho Mirage for years, but then just traded one desert for another... i long for rain...worse here than the Springs
Damn man,your Morgan Freeman is spot on! Great job,loved every minute of the show~!
Did You Know: 37% of the Harry S. Truman estate was unnecessarily lost due to settlement costs and death taxes!
...and one is getting over a torn ACL himself and will maybe only be ready by fall. not good. we have zero playmakers. zero.
Behind the phony tinsel of Hollywood lies the real tinsel.
Thanks Rachel!
well you can say most steals in a game can be cause by a lack of paying attention right ?
we are at the winter wood inn!! The best b & b in the world
ugh its barely tuesday lmao!
Well, hi there !
"Facebook & Adobe relationship has grown over the years! " Facebook VP for Global Marketing Solutions
Well worth seeing. Important message RT : A must see RT Tonight, I’m moderating panel on important doc
I am so grateful that GOD has blessed me with a discernment of Entery,Spirits & People!
my back hurts I feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5>
Was there a Twilight Zone episode about an African American president arguing for state's rights on a civil rights issue?
alright 1. u need to be able to tweet :O cus thats kinda why i need a co owner.. cus i dont have the time lol
Please Check out , that's our main account, or , our Creative Services and Social Media Director
I am highly disappointed in the way does biz. You try 2 do something nice 4 some1 & then get nothing but the run around.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
If vodka is called hard alcohol are wine and beer considered soft alcohol? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Don't overstuff your bag. That makes it more likely to get damaged.
Smartphones should come with a free toilet because, have you combined the two?
it sucks when you have someone in your heart , but not in your arms .
Ink comin soon:)
Go #Badgers, get in there!
Sounds like a plan! You gotta make sure to send us a pic of you with the shirt on so we can add you to our LD Crew
Just the Facts: Kids ages 3 to 11 prefer pizza over all other foods groups for lunch and dinner.
"Flattery and slander are the two ends of the serpent's tongue." ~ Elisha Hale
RT : Gonna be a lot of undergraduates setting foot in a library for the first time tomorrow, I think...
I realize this is NYC &diversity/tolerance are staples but do you realize you're kinda hefty &just ordered half a chocolate cake?
I must be realistic - willful wishing and pretending will not solve the problem, not even slogans or happy epigrams. [1945]
#LetsDoThis today, I'll give you free advice. I just want you to know your options.. Ignorance is not bliss people.
More good news! has raised $385, $560, $310 & $489! Spread the word!
you did a good job yesterday at macys!!! you've inspired me even more!! please RT <3 i love you,please follow me!!!
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.....
Congratulations! RT : looks like im going to St. John's University, cant wait to get there
HATE:The brokeness, hurt, pain, insecurity, unfulfillment, neediness in us, loathes the Joy, happiness, confidence, independance in others.
i was just so buttered bro haha
Congrats Hailey Anne Nelson on your new different kind of job...TCBY Germantown. Anyone up for a yummy treat?
i just at some mike an ikes berry flavored
I tell you what, Twitter works. Learned a lot about the NY Times and ND recruiting in about 60 seconds time this afternoon.
D'aww he's so cute.
Thanks y'all.
no I don't know of any that exist, b/c of the problem it would create in dim illumination
Its my pleasure locating dead beats for obvious reasons, I also take satisfaction in locating witnesses. Their testimony can win the case.
ONE MINUTE WARNING! Thanks for the awesome #edchat tonight folks :D
Orphan therapies require a patient-centric development plan. Focus on patient experience to drive commercial adoption
Cameron, you're only 1/4 Latina. Never put your butt next to JLo's.
RT Instead of driving, ima walk to the store. I need to exercise anyways
This Louisville/Florida game and 'Cuse/buckeyes game is gonna be a dogfight. #stilldancin!
Love should never stay quite; tell tht person how u feel bout them no matter wht; dont stay quite:))
Hope you're right!
Playing MW3 With my brother :)
you can get tickets at the door. 12 buckss :)
YES!!! RT : Our appetite must be for a world in which human beings work together and empower each other. #stooshpr ethos
in line about to meet Patti Lupone, apparently the gays are fans of hers?
call ur team ex nugget western conference playoff team knicks out 1st round to whoever u play melo hogs the ball that will hurt u
#SupaXDupaXStarzX follow new list
Sign up for Patti's cooking demo at Central Market 3/30 Armenian Easter Feast. The 1st class of it's kind- historical & culinary delight!
Zynga And Online Gambling: Not An Option - Seeking Alpha
I know! I was watching it!(:
Get better and better every day.
How is a judge like an English teacher?They both hand out long sentences.
This is awfully boring without you. If only I had waited!
Thanks Hannah! I lost mobility in part of my right hand but I'm hoping it's only temporary : /
. we would love it! Box for scratch paper is at side of the Info Desk. Desk staffed to 5 today but box visible if u come after 5.
How many of U guys Blog? I've never been much of a Blogger
Finished Edison Field- will send to printers, takes several weeks to get back first proof. Working on birthday ball now.
Im getting ready for school , while listening to your music (:
b day lunches are gay.
At least one of the words in "nerd culture" is wrong
I saw Footloose (2011 not '84) and now I want some boots like that!
“: no games im serious double dare !” who double dares anymore?
Still woke.
we all have friends and we have good friends but the greatest kind of friend is your best friend they are there through thick and thin
I can't wait to throw the bum out but had voters been less apathetic he wouldn't be in office in the first place.
In my house it's called the butt bread
The crowd breaks into a cheer in response to a tow truck that passes over I-10, its horns blaring.
Pan dulce, yard sale, and menudo w/ , and Workout, dim sum and swimming in WeHo. What a great morning!
Shooting all day at the studios.
kiss your man or woman tonite, for no reason at all, just give them a kiss...
hey, thanks!
Dude i'm not going to date her bc her boobs are big! :O Yeah i did. Shut the fuck up! now u kniw why i ain't dating her sis
took wed and thursday off of work short notice thought id get yelled at but this is huge for my futuure
r u feeling better? cuz its nice out and i wanna walk jack,. wanna come?
While watching Hugo for the 2nd time, it's fun to see Asa Butterfield's height change throughout the movie. Puberty + shooting out of order.
are you in town or out of town? Just reco-ed you for a gig.
It's my favorite game, play it all the time. Thanks for closing the circle.
Woah.. It"s stormy in the Rain Forest Cafe...lol!
Ill carry you home.
4 AM? Omg! Lol it's only 11 here :)
One last hurrah!
You know you're being strangled by climate change when you can't wait for the 55 and mostly cloudy weekend.
hmm another one bites the dust....
That dope ass idea I Just came up with for my next tat I'm.such a genius
If there is any one person in the world I can be most proud of, it is definitely Kandice Stover. Congratulations on all that you have done.
When the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie.
One thing about a CP3 team is he never lets his guys quit. Hell of a comeback tonight after being down 27.
We'll take it every time!
yo you got any tracks you want me to hop on?
oh i heard about it! someone told me but they didn't know the teachers name.. tell me about it tomorrow!
It felt really good, like getting an extra 50%.
very well done. Thanks for sharing.
I havent told him exactly what i heard I just told him I heard something abt him
And honoured to have had you as a student! Think I posted it before it has been fully edited. Whoops!
Thanks for the Love! See you on 4/22
"searching for my yellow umbrella"
hello?? Call me?? Miss you!!
where'd you guys getting it from?
You guys need to do a movie together! I feel like you two would have sparkling chem on screen!
1000 followers! Boom! Thanks for your support and feedback! Means a lot!
Might try that again, but the last time I did that, they had CNN going in the lounge! I don't even need quiet, just no CNN/Fox.
I'm going on 5 mins and one dog looks pissed, the other seems let down
me too
Within the next 3 months, I will inspire everyone on Earth to use pendulums to get answers to their questions. One big pendulum club for me.
So sick of not being able to do anything without being in constant pain. Including laying down.
I follow Natalie cuz she's incredible!
This past week has been amazing! I wish I could go back :)
happy early birthday!!
u here?
hanging on a telephone wire ;o
saw that video you posted...please know your limits. Can't end up like what you all witnessed!
same! I can't wait to start planning the decorations and all ah! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
You'll dig it! Let me know what you think!
Jared Sullinger was average in the biggest game of his life.
Randy Moss. If he had 1/2 the work ethic of Jerry Rice, he would be the best WR ever. Lack of determination only shortcoming
"Faith is the ultimate tool of survival, and a gifted knowing to us all"
Today, we're dancing. Play.. Shake, Rattle & Roll <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
If they were good at branding they would have jobs and be at work now.
Amen! RT : I want to say something witty and intelligent about the time change, but I'm too tired.
definitely looking forward to hearing that Howling' Rain album, Rick Rubin seems to bring out the best in bands
where do u go to school. My school is just like that
foreal bro?! I meen I haven't read up on anything like that in AZ yet, but that character McCain probly gots something pland
forever young :)
A friend of mine is currently slinging Ruby at Goldman! Also, I love O.
that sounds awesome!
Nothing like a mani & pedi to make it feel like a vacation is about to begin #dgbreunion :-)
Ok...what is a better invention A) The Sharpie Marker, or B) The Trailer Hitch???? - Wes
Watched Crazy Stupid Love; realized that is structured as a full out Shakespearean comedy. Basically Much Ado About Nothing...interesting.
Biogenesis - Harmonic Science
He draws one to his 2345 nut badugi.
I grip it and I rip it.
whoa whoa calm it down killa lol
pesos? schmesos. north o the border tonight. taking a break from the boys.
Now I will only be impressed if there's a bugle accompanying your entrance...
UGH one more day.
Just woke up from my nap that shit felt good..why care for someone who dosent care about you
she's a friend of mine. She's very nice and fun to talk to you.
Anthony Davis is a stud but Jeff Withey is a big time game changer too. Contains well on D and blocks shots.
A mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.
3:30 ABC/ESPN RT : What time is that one cuzzo? RT : It's Miami / FSU game day ppl! It's all about #TheU baby
Make some noise if you're a fan! & his team are haded to the #NIT semifinals in Madison Square Garden!
Avengers was a good Movie
Thursday feels like Friday & its a 3 day weekend, so glad there's not a time change in the mix
...feona Apple....I thought she was an actress?!?
Especially since TSC isnt on it.
Happy Veterans Day
did anyone have a MyYearbook page? lol
where are you from?? You look just like one of the females I went to undergrad with!!
Check out "Cool Breeze" tonight Candlelight Room 9pm dwntwn Portland, OR--. Can you find the MI11 guy? vSB
My pleasure :)
I know. I was just messing with you.
I just balled my eyes out #watching the grace card
I don't know what this is all about but I want to go!!!
heck yes!!! We have to catch up. I haven't seen you since new years
Love will find a way....music is my guide
Dear Algebra, stop asking us to find your X, she's not coming back.
Sending good vibes to for tomorrow's race. GO DESI!
Haha no its fine! I'd be bored at home anyways :)
Sex sells—a historical fact, ranging from the odalisque to Beyonce. Are bodies on reality TV part of an economy?
I've met a hot stripper named Shannon...just sayin
Time to call in the CSI.
Thought I was done with pointless English class after high school... Guess not
- had a quick question about your twitter handle - time to talk?
Nobody bother me. Highlander is on. Best. Movie. Ever. I believe my inner sci-fi geek is showing.
Happy 4/20 to all the weed smokers out there. Was in south beach this time last year they really know how to celebrate
Have you been to Boston before?
I'm with you on that.
It's funny because it's not true at all
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Seriously??? At a kidtoon movie event, and the projector isn't working.
"Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned." Charles W. Chestnutt
Good luck to everyone doing exams!!
thanks man. same to you! check out my shots of and if you dig it come shoot a show with me my dude
Can't find wallet, keys, or anything in this house. This will be an interesting year...
RT : Thunder came to play. I got yo thunder rite here
you ain't Charlie sheen
In the e:60 bit, there was a pic of a young Rodgers with a Packers sweatshirt. What is the story behind that?
Its on april 27!!!
No I don't love you I just thought you were cute, that's why I kissed you.
Looking for locals on #B2B, anyone out there?
I love "Fan Night" Let's go Mavs!!! Keep dropping those threes
Have you guys ever thought of doing like an All That reunion special? Just watched Good Burger, made me miss all those guys!
Wait, actual Cheap Trick -- not the Cheap Trick Experience?!
haha how do i what ? :)
Smooth! Best so far tonight in my book! You got the moves like Jagger!
Was looking at pictures of One Direction and when my brother was annoying me and instead of screaming Jimmy(his name) I screamed Harry!
Losing my motor skills quickly...
do you think stamina was a issue in the first fight vs you seemed to tire during the the bout?
Don't forget to delete those default user accounts when you're setting up a new instance of
Always said ATH should have been an hour, 2/wk. 1st & 10 needed to be put down years ago. ESPNArgument should be a sep channel.
LOL..let me know how that works out for you!
There's no such thing as a bear sheriff
Lots of good, fun ideas thrown around w/ and at 12th Street Tap House tonight.
ever wonder what a bassett hound and a pug would look like? I didn't but I can tell you it's not that cute. Not one bit.
favorite "lower third" yesterday was the player tweet tracker.
Gotta wonder how many of my high school classmates are just now regretting their decision to follow the life coaching of Good Charlotte.
Margs, chips and guac with my hubby! Beautiful evening, get out and enjoy it!
I'll be home for a couple days fathead.
I fear crossing the fine line between "staying in touch" and "being a pest"...always have!
Truth~~~~~~>RT : if a nigga has bad shoes...he just stink, period lol
love the new blog, chic. Props.
I told you!
can't DM b/c you are not following, if you can call me 619-243-3722
I like the Bill Cosby and Lil Bill thing....Dope
What is everyone's fav cell phone game? My all time favs are word mole and snake
Had a great time of worship & teaching today home always enjoy seeing the people there smile & sing along
Yes, only because I saw 's reply to you. Adorable!
Why,Tom Brady, you look like someone just walked over your grave.
This is true. :)
happy to collaborate on a workshop presentation-could b abt the neg impact of parent grading legislation!
kewl, I'll get to those later
Study: Pollution masked warming over eastern US in 20th century - EarthSky
so they feel like the worked out longer than they really did. Or they don't like their homes haha
I'm 41 "Quite Noisy" but I mostly blame that on my RTs not my #MCDM hashtags :-)
Not even going to walk into Steve Madden...
Why does the "in reply to" link just show the same tweet? It used to actually show the tweet they were responding to.
your welcome anytime and hell yea I'm in the avengers!!!!
Surgeon Gen Dr. Benjamin "I understand that it needs to be profitable" but "Let's make preventable medicine joyful"
Thanks for the retweet!
Great read.
Today is the day that I might get a call that says that I might be able to go to the Abramovic lecture. I'm lookin at you,
she's got mad talent!
Hello Tweeters!
#10FactsAboutMe 3) I don't mind losing, but I never play to lose.
Haha yes, and
aww! I wish! we could go eat, get out nails and hur did, and shop til we drop! *snap* and what?!
Because they are the Jets
IT'S GOTTA BE MAY.
Happy Easter everyone! Retweet if you're nomming some great food today!
Are you a hockey fanatic? Head on over to the tonight for the Stanley Cup Playoffs & Boneless Wing Wednesday!
Hey! For Christmas i would love a present of 600 followers! I will start following once im up to it! look at my bio!
I regret paying A for years before learning that they support anti-transit organizations :/
Hey tweet peeps! Hope you're enjoying the NCAA finals!
Fa sho bro.
stopped by Fye at the Castleton mall in Indianapolis and picked up your CD. Loving it.
Haters gonna hate. I love mine. RT : It sounds like there is a lot of issue with this phone I am a lil nervous now lol dam it
At Fela with & Desiree. Too many things. All fun.
good nite tweetzers :) exhausting day , nd the funny thing is i did exactly nothin' . lol
love this song....cant wait for the nyc show. Maybe get a chance to meet you guys too.
RT Duke has a playmate...an 18 mo old labrador that needs exercise and they play well....there is a God!
thanks for the mention! Looking forward to tomorrow :-)
did you see this inforgraphic on angel investing...
iu dancers, just sacrificed a ton for you
with arms wide open, or with a** wide open? See...I tried to warn you. :-\
I wish i could light a candle and transport to Hawaii like the Glade commercials.
where is Cole Trickle?
Well I can wait.
soul sister!!!
IT SO COLD IN THE D! I'm going to have that song on repeat until you get back.
writing my own BLS :) anyone wanna read it & tell me what you think ?
I have a bad feeling about this.....
Happy mothers day mama
Makes me want to go to law school.
the ultimate Stay Down
#GasPrices are insane! Kickballers posting $100+ tank pix left & right. So get 300 signed up by 3/8 to get a party bus from 1st game to bar!
I would love to have you review my book, Passage to Heaven
just recently edited a nonfiction piece & published it as an ebook. My blog that I do twice a week, the posts normally are 2-4k words.
Before I go, just want to let the world know that I had a strange dream involving Hugh Jackman, a closet, & a flashlight that didn'r work.
apparently I'm not to creative tonight, bleh!
All you night crawlers, can't stop won't stop!
Thank you, Starbucks, for your holiday items. I don't care how bad they are for you--this Caramel Brulee latte is saving my life!
You should text me (:
i just got one :D
You and Austin have been bestfriends forever. Hopefully he doesnt forget the followers before now and his BESTFRIEND! <3
Wish I could have been there in the flesh! But following the action on Twitter is pretty fun too!
two words: super. grover.
Otw to the work spot
I bought my ipad2 vga at Target. They had a ton when I couldn't find them anywhere else.
Personal appearances should not be show fodder. Isn't "fodder" what you feed to a horse???
who says school can close in two weeks? i am not ready!
Jim Grossman says: indep rsrch libraries can teach what's not being taught in grad schools but is important for scholarship.
I have a situation where House was flooded by Error of Landlord. Need your Expertise,he is trying to Evict us.
I'm scared
Are you high right now??
My dad is at the kasbah....him and his motorcycle club!
Come sit on my lap :)
Just think.. under the clothes the boys wear.. They are NAKED.. ;D
400 M FB fans, each averaging 6 1/2 hrs per month on the site. That is more than 100 M days on FB of time monthly. Think about that.
Regardless of your politics, for certain belly laughs, follow The one posted on January 12th from Comedy Central - grt!
and now they're going at it...the gov.t peeps said they arent the only ones watching...im so confused,are they like
You're in midseason form.
I forgot to eat today.
oh shit, B. Triche is smiling folks!
Just got home from playing soccer(:
happy new years... you sure they aint fireworks... lol
We miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
i'm asking for one for christmas!!! #crucial when there's no garage!
Chuck Bass > anyone else on Gossip Girl
way to finally open your eyes..haha kidding but really he's good real good live too and he's a nice guy. i'll introduce you sometime
You have the right to remain silent.. Okay thats what I'll do Officer!!
Greeny, Denver has more sunny days here than the 'sunshine state.' #Fact We have Indian summers throughout winter
Awesome! RT : Amazing how many compliments I get on my #317 tee!!
No weapon can sever the soul from me.
Not watching the fight but I guess bieber walked out with mayweather, and y'all hating!? Why!?
Before college I never realized the ridiculous amount of news coverage the Browns get relative to the Cavs & Tribe. Insane.
The only way you may correct the bad things in your past is to add better things to your future. ~Shiloh Morrison
blowing up some stickam so if eny one wonts to cam just send a invite to ur thing
sorry to hear that :(
Tip & Tricks: Don't be hesitant to go to booths/talk to recruits you are unfamiliar with or wouldn't normally approach....
Who's getting #FlowersForMom, this Mother's Day? We are, of course! :)
Good morning! :) How was your weekend?
Hey Omar! No gang ties here, guys. Just trying to build a positive new local brand.
Shame you aren't making popcorn.
Gen X also known as latchkey generation due to spike in divorce rates
Good ask, you may just get it!
Killing it!! That's all I have to say!! I love selling boats!! Especially really cool ones...
It really is. :)
BTW, nothing straighter than getting on top of another dude and giving him a haircut.
over the operations of their processes. Also, if the (trained)
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
At bells with the fish, but I'm headed home after the game. Time for the sleep. Might nap and rally.
need prayer?
Chillin and drinking like a mother fucker in pearland, my lips are numb, time to ride! BMXLIFE BITCH!!
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 72F Fair: 72F Fair
I am absolutely emotionally exhausted.
subzero eats
Oo yard sales :)
I've tried to speak with you before, to understand you, but unfortunately over the phone and in social media this is what I get.
congrats Matt on a great event for a great cause!
"I'd totally read that book" from a friend of . Words of encouragement HUZZAH!
I'm bouta start looking for my prom dress
really!?! Do you really think thats a point destination!? shame on you for fake mayorships!!!
We work with the most amazing people from all over the world! I love it!
Three of my favorite things are in Austin this weekend: !
Hahaha that entire list is hilarious
rook rook rook!! Lol
GeoCities is now gone. Makes me want to backup everything I have in the cloud. In the market for a 10 TB hard drive.
got it from Netgalley as well - gotta love NG
True. But if the government seeks creative ways to make money i'd add a video arcade to occupy the screaming kids.
anybody watching grey's anatomy?
One day I want to honestly say "I made it".
God dont like ugly.#so u should of died n ya daddys dick
Charles and Baltimore for your Lobster Mac Friday... See you all around 10:30 to 2
Hi. Thanks for the follow. Nice blog.
As much as I like Soledad, Morning Joe is the show that I love to hate. Of course, Mika excepted.
There's an umlaut in reëducating?
Blackberry pie
Thanks for the info...DM us with your email address. We'd like to thank you for the help!
Introducing our site on food allergies - AllergyHome.org. Dedicated to raising awareness in schools and in those without food allergies.
I got the wbc confused with cbc. lol. No whining, understood. haha.
So my car broke down on the way to the chiropractor in front of the high school......
"Looking North" by
Inspired + invigorated by the gorgeous weather--lots of projects in the works!
Poor lil Sugar Shane
Top O' the mornin' to ya! Go Green or Go home!
Thank you for the follow
Good luck ?
we love Njeri!
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -- Abraham Lincoln
Unfilled travertine will undoubtedly require more frequent cleanings due to dirt getting into the holes easier.
Just finished reading Lev Grossman's The Magicians & The Magician King... Great books but seriously bitter ending! Poor Quentin... <3
I'm so happy right now. My rental car is playing What Makes You Beautiful.... Yes.
I already took a nap lol and imma go to sleep really soon
I am above ONLY and not beneath
thank you, friend <3 lets get sorbet tonight please I think I need it.
Our friend Jeff from Will be in the 3rd Ward Tomorrow (Wednesday)! Stop by and see him for lunch!
it was super fun! except my feet were killing me because i was dancing in 4/5 inch heels
I should write a book about the crazy shit that I deal w/ as an indie producer. I'm talking about u but not only u ;)
hey u i got back on finally so follow me
simple . . . simple, that is the word you are looking for.
Ruuunnn for yoourrr livvvesss. One of my friends on Fbook told me that a beaker exploded in one of the labs.
I was gonna say if it's ure left just tape it and suck it up.
Super Bomberman was tremendous. I lost a lot of hours of my life to battle mode.
doesnt look like your super excited to be sitting next to the guy on your right
thanks for the follow
Hey Greg, How are you?
Don't worry.. I never doubted your love fir me ... Ok maybe um a few ..alot...a ton of times
Although obedience IS linked to enjoying life & blessing, it doesn't make us righteous. JESUS' obedience SECURED our righteousness!
I'm about to be fat right now. Snacks on snacks on snacks.
That's one of the hardest things to even know...even when you think you do, it's probably lust anyways...
Potential for good things, constructive things all the same in all of us
I hope the sandals I ordered look as bright as the picture
Congrats on meeting the prez!!! I wanna see pictures of you, the wife, the bow tie.
I don't like any of my COUSINs.....
I think i have been friends with everyone in Clarksville.
Whenever I'm part of a group that gets a text message, I get everyone's replies to the sender. Why? #techdesk #helpdesk #techchat #whichtag?
Hey Wesley! Saw you were in Houston last week! Wish I could've said hi!
I LOVE you guys lol &
I really want to see the Breaking Dawn premiere dressed as a Hogwarts student.
I got over that long ago.RT : Overcome the belief that you must be normal; it robs you of your chance to be extraordinary.
PLEASE follow me!
NOW FOLLOWING FOLLOW BACK : )
we don't fish there?
Jessica is a fine singer but she has no personal style :( Not a super star. Sorry, girl.
Just received a gift set from fan?!
thx for the RT and very glad to see u again at #mptech cc
Data Warehouses are the basic usage profile re. Enterprise #LinkedData (ditto #LOD Cloud) . /cc
YES to Emory's please!
I want one!
Good shit, was actually entertaining to watch SFxT this time!
Really excited about tonight! I say that every Sunday night, but Sebastian Stan is cranking up the hotness!
#McNabb McNomore 7 completions for 39 yards ... that's not a single drive stats ... that's for the game ... *ouch*
(c) time it will get better you will gain weight then get taller and look super model material don't judge yourself now (c)
my ex boyfriend
Want to see a good movie tonight, what to see?
I Need a Doctor
Almost at 50 Followers! Follow MyTrendyBuzz! We are always buzzing!
so bored
People with terrible grammar <<
Ducklings! 1st duckling citing of spring! (I just read this tweet, realized how dumb it is & started to erase it. But screw it.) Ducklings!
Miss you buddy!
That rush gave me chills
Why not have both, and next year we'll get you a chariot?
the main part! He got hustle more than everyone EXCEPT Kobe!
aww my booboo is sick..hopefulley he gets better
omfg dude you're blessed! <3
Get it, girl! :) RT : v happy - $250 J Crew gift card just arrived from :) Got my eye on the Dreamweaver clutch bag...
Otis redding Live in Europe on vinyl... Just saying, friends.
Happy Monday! Any time to chat about that field sales position today?
311 for storm related debris removal.
whatever they are they make you flip the fuck out lmfao. Sometimes I think your gonna die!
Heading to Birmingham to do a show at The Nick. Come party hardy with us!
Interesting note: The more classes I complete for the PhD Clinical Hypnotherapy, the more medico's paths I'm crossing & re-crossing!
It's time to open your eyes to see the fading of truth by the growing of lies.
sweet! RT : getting my pulled pork on! Bringing home a puck of deep fried mac&cheese m
yes it is I couldn't watch that bullshit...
quiet conference on a friday afternoon...
Don't start
email me for free promo codes for instant santa Thanks for the tweet and selecting us as app of the week!
So in case you ever have a chance to win a car, reggae is 's favorite kind of music. The more you know.
Unbelievable - dinner at Bandera in Chicago & we're at the same table as last time we were here. Except isn't with us this time :-(
On a Beatles kick, eh? Thanks for getting this song in my head.....
when I get a new machine
Tomoro night everybody free til 12 Reserve Lounge 729 main st houston tx #BE THERE
Reports of Memphis in very "heavy" talks to join Big East. Feeling a more and more like a mid-major all the time
#UFC Undisputed 3 is so accurate, half the time it goes to decision you get ROBBED.
Cafe 300 specials today are tomato vegetable soup or potato soup!
im not in nola yet! Haha, but thanks.
I am looking forward to it myself
Mine is on the shared heritage of digital archives, libraries and museums
reply to me ugly
this is a must watch “: Watch tonight- RT A can't miss documentary on ...THE WAYMAN TISDALE STORY as told by him”
Awesome! Simply their description sounded amazing! Almost like real-life alchemy!
Franscisco Molinari and D Johnson both get back to square
I think I'm gonna paint my boss of he doesn't get his act together.
A little more faith now?
don't be a menace
Join us for Fayetteville After Five Thursday, August 19 for the Craig Woolard Band! FREE ADMISSION!
When's the release date? I could send you mine.
There's a special place in hell reserved for those who vote for national chains in Best of Sac or A-List.
How was ur interview?
Have you heard of a 'Tweet-up ' ???
Completely commercial worthy!
I feel like I'm the last real nigga left, or maybe all the real niggas just left?
Seriously. Might as well not go to bed.
this ends today!!!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "I'm thirsty, where is a glass cause cups are nasty they taste like cup and they stank".....LOL
Weaver sucks!!!
“: DAMN QUOTIN MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING B? more like my big fat Greek blunt ammiright???”hahahahahah deffff
Video #storytelling tip of the day: It's not about what you put in, it's about what you leave out.
Season Finale of #DanceMoms :)
Car inspected! The To Do List grows shorter.
I'm putting together a presentation on Leadership - anyone like to throw their 2 cents (or local currancy) worth?
I have no clue who he thinks he is ; & he just told me to come over because he's home alone.
my mom: "what the hell is the point if going to Sonic if we have hot dogs and chicken fingers at home?"
Thanks!!! Jesse's such a fab resource.... appreciate you routing this to the right person!
It is another exciting Sunday afternoon in Spain.
Meetings...I spend too much of my life in meetings!
Looking for something to do on Saturday? I've got two tickets I'm trying to sell to the #Brewers #Cubs game. $45 Field Infield 111 row 23
a great meeting today with the chicago literary alliance! keep your eyes out for a webpage announcement. putting chicago lit on the map.
Sounds good I will be sure to stop in.
is there still time to DM you about feedback advice? i only have 1 real idea on how best to give it. nothing else is coming to mind
Oh Snow days... You've given me so much in my life but why have you waited to let me experience Californication? :-)
did it happen?? I can head over there, if you need me ;)
Scoop up your boy!
TOP BRASS is in the house.
I want to marry you
Our Top Restaurant Tour is in Boulder on Saturday! Join us as we visit The Kitchen Next Door, Salt & Oak at Fourteenth.
Wazzup Tweoples!!! Rise, Grind & Shine!! RIP Al Davis, u may have not been liked by many but u gave the Raiders an identity people respect!!
That sounds amazing!
i'm off thursday. Maybe thomas and I can stop by then.
I get chills everytime I click continue on Uncharted Drake's Fortune because of the music AMAZING
Let's go to Canada “: I'm so ready to move to another country. Get me out of this place.”
you had me at caramelized ramp.
I feel like i have no friends anymore...
story of my life :/
my life is complete at the #familymeeting AC did a shout out to me. <3
Unifi brings your photos, personal videos, and music so you can enjoy them on your PC, iPhone, Android, etc.
Tired of being patient and wishing on a star wit some of u mofos
Happy 4th weekend!
At Cupboard Natural Foods health fair this Sat. and Sunday. 200 West Congress St. Denton, TX handing out free cookies! Come by and say Hi!
Uummm...I'm gonna be broke for awhile. Lolz all the money I get is going towards summer camps and trips :p
“: Chris Brown should stick with moving his feet, not his fist #GRAMMYS”
You know it! They spread joy from coast to coast ;)
text me
Happy 6th Birthday to "Little Joey" as Alyssa calls him. Even though your up in heaven doesnt mean we forget about you.
Funny, I just bought some Meth to make sudafed.
So fun following #HHawards via twitter. #DCtheatre rocks! Happy DC theatre week, and congratulations to the award winners!
if i'm gunna go, i'm gunna go havin' a good time
Yanno, I wouldn't mind if society called it Purple Friday. Then I'd actually be quite satisfied living in this country.
OMG she bit it off
I hereby confer my bee swarm mojo to . Go boy, Go!!
Another main difference from the era - 'the peaceful confines of the Mission' (!)
KG screamn out Beantown just made my night no doubt <U+E420>
Dear Client: Your definition of "Know" and "Know of" doesn't mean a thing to the judge. You ain't Bill Clinton.
What state do you live in?
after denial?
Do you feel lonely? All the time.
The bookshop is open today!
I think it's a good time for a late-night snack...
Note 2 potential followers: if your profile describes sex acts, or if you have words like, bj's, cum etc. in your email, UR gonna b blocked
no, but I will hope to do it in the fall... nice to know your interest
87 and humid on the first day of Spring.
AJ... cut it out! Don't get thrown out!
Watched the #alayma12 awards live on the webcast today. Could feel the excited tension even via pixel.
"Status quo is off the table". Watershed moment for college football may be upon us. I'd love to see a playoff format.
Dam short season making all the players fragile!!
can we cuddle
Chase Rice's new album Dirt Road Communion climbing the iTunes country Top Albums this am! 9:30 and already at #11!!!!!
won all his writer awards during the steroid era...should come with an asterisk*
#Nowplayin. Obie Trice -The set up.
No but really. I wanna know who I follow on twitter is going to the NYC CONCERT:D
Flo Fusion is committed to fulfilling your health and fitness needs... how committed are you
Thank you for the RTs!!
Thanks to the stalking abilities of twitter, I now have a Thurs eve ticket to Disneyland. Thanks for the (inadvertent) heads up!
Come on! Fans have to support when it hurts too. ": Manu & Tim out tonight, I think Im done watching until playoff time. #Spurs"
Hey everyone leaving on a 4AM flight to Florida today to play with Mick Moloney and The Green Fields of America. I am looking forward it!
we could not be more confused by the list of topics and names trending right now. valeska popozuda? gesundheit.
Tonight I'm wearing 6 inch heels and my prisoner cell block h dress. I'm also playing the best records ever.
Looking for a startup lawyer in South Florida area. Any suggestions? #startuplawyer #florida RT
Big day ! We should work together one day!
re: White Buffalo sightings - maybe it's the Thanksgiving hangovers??? ;-)
Whew....busy Monday here at the warehouse. Chat with us live again tomorrow morning starting at 8am with any questions.
China: How many cymbals are named after a country?! Use china cymbal syncopations & different riding patterns w/grooves today.
yeah, i get bored easily :p
Join my chat:D woo.
same here homie
Costco with
Well, it opens with a #NickDrake song. Not bad.
And I see YOU, thanks lady K <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A> “: I see you! #KeepGoing”
. We are building/selling homes like mad. Our new sales center & our new web site are both coming soon. We need to talk!
We're open today in Country Club Estates (Westlake, off Bradley N of Hilliard) & Ventanas (Avon Lake, off Lear N of Walker), 1-5pm. Stop by!
Ahh... I miss the crazy thinking... brings out the best in ya, and the best writing.
Haha I'm scheming right now.
We are currently accepting submissions for our War on Terror issue! bit.ly/q6jzAE Thanks
Driving with my son #yikes first time in a long time
can't wait til I'm 21. I wanna hit that shit up bad lol
All right , I'm ready for my ORD SEA flight tomorrow to be reunited with my sweetie after 3 months! Don't mess it up, ok?!
for those caught UNAWARES, my excitement over Diablo 3 reminded me of one of my favorite words (and that word is poopsock)
TAYLOR SWIFT CONCERT SOON
how would you feel about helping plan a music type festival? To take place in the next year - 2 years?
Will Cincy ever get a clutch kicker??? Looks like Shayne graham is back! Pathetic!!!!!
glad I could be apart of it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Have a safe trip Babe :-)
I'm free for whatever dude, you wanna grab some dinner?
Hiring a good Reno property manager for your rental units allows you to earn income through your property without taking on additional work.
Registering for classes.
Come on
And now I found Zapp's in Greenpoint. (On the sub? Genius.) Does any NYC/NOLA transplant want to collaborate on a Zapp's map?
recommends inserting the earplug part of your headset into your ear rather than the headphone jack!
I say they should add live twitter feed to the show next year. My twitter timeline >
Happy Mothers Day Momma J. I love you! <U+2665>
easy as "12-3" get it?
Pi day is so secularized these days! Remember the reason for the season: Archimedes died for our sins. Well, for somebody's sins, anyway.
2nd issue of DOPENESS MAGAZINE is out people get you copy now...Dopenessmag.com to get your own copy people
Aww... <blushes> :) Thanks so much for talking to me. I enjoyed our chat. Good luck on your article.
yippey, i figured it out! it works, cool! Doesn't if feel great to figure out something that was once complicated, but now ur a genius?! :)
I'm Rachel
Nice! I once upon a time told Will Lowe that I'd work on v2 of YoshiKoder. That never really happened.
u should totally follloooow
Do you have any kid-friendly events any time soon?
“There was something about her that must have kept sending messages to my brain”- LT on future wife Fran Thomas
I can't find my mind,keeps on coming back to you,always back to you. <3
great game Kyle hope u have a great season!!!!!!!!!!!
Cantina Laredo will be ***OPEN*** Easter Sunday, 11am to 8pm
ik I hate the song too I just wanted to sing it because it's Friday. (:
Excuse me peeps... What profile update? Nothing changed. Same place, same job. Luvvin' it - going nowhere!
"CAPITALISM God's way of determining who is smart, and who is poor”
#schoolmemories varsity basketball
so, God can heal anything :) but you never told me how your shoulder feels miss
Ima take my talents to South Beach....
When people think of this topic they always think like this " Apollo" NASA, rocket scientists, out of my league, etc
Do you fools listen to music or just skim through it
quit being ignorant & text each other.
Is chatroulette the next Twitter? Will marketers find a way to leverage for mktg purposes? How soon?
Phys Ed: Eating Fat, Staying Lean
Fun night bartending and taking pictures.
i really like your avi :)))
sure thing pal!!!
I can't friggin see my friggin mentions.
#Gladiator has gotta be a top 5 movie of all time ...maybe even top 3
Some Rosy Predictions for Windows Phone 7
Anyway... Mani + Pedi time *_* luv it! An its #empty in here. :)
then I'm sorry we can't make a deal <U+270C> :)
Money on my mind
I adore John Stamos. :)
it's like the redneck version of fantasy factory. Full of hilariously terrible ideas.
Did I see you racing around campus earlier today?
Money Money Money - Money! Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
what's that from? I like that.
Hi Jayce! thanks for the follow.
Let's see if the caps can actually win ONE game tonight! Pitt won 3 against TB!
Save This Show: NBC's Community Needs To Stick Around Last week a young man of Polish and Indian descent walked into a black room decorat
ESPN News - Bulls PG Derrick Rose (NBA MVP in 2011) suffered torn ACL in win vs. 76ers, out for rest of playoffs
Debating what day to get a pedicure
Francona?! Dickie, please get CoachK 2 talk some sense into Theo and hire Ryno already! Cubs making big mistake!
Arguing young people "dont get sick" is FALSE, like Type I Diabetes takes a break from from age 26 to 65.
if dey truly a bitch thats the only thing they respond to
Registered and looking forward to a great event!
S-w-e-e-t quote: "I like it when you smile but I love it more when I'm the reason."
oh, my! little miss Cincinnati!
Bent Road Cabernet by Queensland Wines and Think I need to round up a bottle or two.
I wasn't really spitting game i was scrimmaging
#Dog Fact: All dogs, regardless of breed, are direct descendants of wolves and technically of the same species.
its ok <3
Hopefully this is gonna b one of those plans that actually work
Same with porn stars and such. What happens after they're no longer interested in that line of work?
i frikin know rightt she is busy though we dont wanna affect her wonderful dancing rightt? xP
Lebron wore adidas until money exchanged hands
#MilwaukeeDictionary TABS - Truancy Abatement & Burglary Suppression AKA Take a break, sh!t!
#Good-morning #followers, #TGIF have a nice day
thanks for the follow :)
: what is it? How to tweet, for dummies?
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning. -Ivy Baker
well then *scoffs and walks off*
Can't wait to see what the future holds!
If a restaurant closes at 9.... How bout you don't come in at 8 45???
Unfollowing a lot of talkers this morning.
Good morning, MVPs! Where are you going for #karaoke this weekend? What will you sing?
The amount of water doesn't matter. It's the other stuff!
Westbrook need to pass
Air-conditioning, Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
And i will retire with the crown, yes.
Yes! RT : GR8 idea RT Amani Toomer running NY marathon starting last Timex to donate $1 for every person he passes
the razor blades of home sliced into my whispering lips.
big day yesterday! arrival of my dress swatch, food for thought tasting menu completed, and save the date drafts begin!
why are you going to go Australia, hun?
Hey , what is the Facebook valuation at for the IPO tomorrow? #OldArguments cc:
Is it snowing in Philly?
Cuddling with puppy. <3
Coffee makes me tired not hyper.
A HIT
STOP IT! me and aren't going out!!!
Volunteer gig today's not so much w/ the actual work as it is playing with twitter and pinterest, answering the occasional tech question.
Matt Martin wins a decision from Wayne Simmonds. 5 each for fighting. Credit Simmonds for hanging in there.
Still any chances any get leaked Twitter...
I think making babies, falls under the "not work" category...
Oh god. Just rested my eyes and it's like, 4 hours later. What happened?
The only thing worse than the Caps defense is the asshole on the karaoke at this bar.
The price increase along with storage decrease forced by is crummy, but far worse is their effort to hide plan-cost details.
Platoon in my pants! Blackhawk down in my pants! Apacolypto in my pants!
Sorry, we wish we were getting to more areas. Soon!
Theirs green in my eye color!
This grounded chick is cute but she's grounded hahahahahaha grounded. Bad dog I mean girl thingy person
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go. Margaret Walker
Please go to www.whypunchtheclock.com and get on mt waiting list .
Careful: We're running 10 miles RT : Yea!! RT Attention #Broncos media: brownies & banana bread on my desk
I'm a Hungapino, proud Hungarian Filipino
I'm speechless right now.
"There is a price we will not pay. There is a point beyond which they must not advance."
En art comme en amour, l'instinct suffit (whether it is art or love, your instinct will suffice)
smoking crack at the Cobb watching avengers with and
RAA's "Illuminate", installation exhibition will premier Saturday the 10th at the Jazz Gallery! Also up for Gallery Night and Day!
I always forget how fascinated I am with elections - waiting for the GOP #IowaDebate. Let's hope Rick Perry decides not to speak.
Hell I see you
are you talking about the cherry berry one or whatever it's called?
bo!!! Let's get together!!!
you might not be able to do that in 140 characters by game's end.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.-Napoleon Hill
G-SHOCK WATCHES 4 Sale!!!!! In White, Yellow, Black And Red... 1 For $70 an 2 For $100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!!
No Problem<3
the Internet is real but your PR person is just your Other Self™
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Kyle Boller's pocket awareness
loved your performance! makes me so excited for Believe tour!!
well I try to always work out & can't really remember the last time I was "out" of the gym. It's a lifestyle! :)
<U+263A>I am happy i can do a smiley face
Subway foot long (: <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
bt not for long
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. ~Edgar Cayce
is cuter than you haha
": is on one this morning." I'm blowing cars that's errday.
Beautiful day in the neighborhood. Be thankful y'all
THIS IS THE REAL ME
nano... I couldn't figure out how to save or escape!
You don’t need to win every medal to be successful. Jason Fried
Where is when you need him?
RT : #summer2012 RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
well it's one actual math class and 2 other math based classes.
good look sis... Congrats!
yeah. it really annoys me that it is hard to understand
The best way 2help the developmentally disabled is to tell your friends! Help us spread awareness about how badly our assistance is needed.
from Dept of Energy talking about social transformation. Breaks content down into short features. Online outreach. Infographics
so it's new york
Had a good time at the POK taping! Happy Birthday <3 (:
Friday Tweetcast - Rain becomes likely...mostly showers with a few rumbles, but severe weather is unlikely. Highs in the upper 70s.
Nothing better than listening to Bob Uecker on the car ride home. Even better when that car ride is at 11:55 p.m.
Life is like playing chess with God. Your moves are called Choices- His moves are called Challenges. ~Anon
Come see us play LIVE @ The Central in Santa Monica! 1348 14th Street. 9:30pm Wed March 21st. This upcoming week! :)
WHAT THE FUCK?!?!
Could you imagine going to and then turning around and going to ? That would be silly!
nice! This years batch of Oberon is pretty good
RT : "Most of all, love each other as if your life depended on it. Love makes up for practically anything" 1Peter4:8
I love you to <U+2764><U+E056>
right! #always way #always will be!
indeed! Spending the weekend, couldn't resist. Going to the giants game then I'll be looking for trouble. You?
Let the horns rise.
“: Austin Rivers sister dates a UNC player”
Enjoyed meeting with you yesterday. Everyone: Phil is a good IT Training resource...plz follow!
Ha - yeah, there were a few things like that, but overall, great fun.
Oh of course, Im not disagreeing with you, nor am i upset or saying i dont like Colin! He is a fantastic Comic, 1 of the best
You are the best Mom that I have ever seen! Your kids are wonderful!
Yes, that actually happened. RT : Holy sh*t. just ran into the founder of
wants to know what YOU are doin' 2nite?!
Lady Grey is one of my all-time favorites :)
The more you do something the same way in a story the more it loses impact. Same words, twists, situations or visuals.
My nigga dell fina throw down on da grill for da 1 time
being in Sec Salazar's office when he gets the call that the cement worked = internship win
I use to HATE back to school shopping! HUSKY jeans not cool!
No prob, thanks for supporting the arts! RT : Thanks for mention of our grant to boost arts education in Boston public schools
uh oh!
Thanks - You too! Love your bio!
Today is so not my day !
Every time I rest my forearm on the top of my #babybump, the baby bops me saying 'hey that's my head!' <3 #badmommy,
Ah pupppyyy! Let me pet him ^_^
Wait...it's not about the health benefits of citrus fruit...?!
off to brazil!
hey Scott - dev of CC here! If you have any questions or need any help, be sure to let me know!! :D
I think Mr. Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grinder!!!
I didn't notice this till right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
you are hilarious
hey a win's a win!
But she be at my desk during 3 period
Congrats on SXSW and the Aggression Scale!
Hello! Everyone! There has been some positive changes. :)
Its finally summer! First year of college
Monday at the Bar! Jackpots!
Thank you everyone for following me! Welcome!
Can we just chill? Converse. I'm trying to see how your mind works..
Thanks for this Google+ info! I've been trying to figure out how to use it best professionally.
true..... Twitter via tv. Craziness
WE GOIN HARD AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! 1ST THURSDAY OF 2012 BABY!! LET'S GO!!
From 2009: “Today's #TED: Economist suggests we should be suspicious of stories: on.ted.com/Cowen”
thank you!
Hope you and your husband enjoy the rest of your vacation.
The morning's hardest decision is which t-shirt to wear..
I concur, lets beatcancer and beat it and beat it and beat it!!
cmon man... You gotta know Mayweather is takin it by decision!
I Love, and the world is mine. Florence Earle Coates
Thank you to for my delicious late-afternoon lunch, and for feeding my coworkers too!
It is truly a dream come true! :) I expect all my meals will be replaced by this candy very soon.
I invite you to till the rich soil of your soul. Connect with ALL of you; the "good," the "bad"; embrace your Power...Integrate and be one!
Only hope now is that the #Knicks pull what the Red Sux pills in 2004
The Texas Rangers were the first state police agency.
Good news for #Tivo on its patent lawsuit win. Still, I'm really surprised no one has bought them yet. Love Tivo
That is a shame. Well, I enjoyed our conversation and thanks for coming by. What other conferences do you attend?
: Haha. Very cool. Hopefully I wouldn't be in the city for the zombie apocalypse. Too many people and not enough room to run!
I can't wait til the #zombieoutbreak, because it'll be funny for kids to get away with the old "a zombie ate my homework" excuse.
"I was shiny on the outside and rotten in the inside," Steven Ford
#uwmjamsinternships - apply now! It's never too early to apply.
Lol I didn't care about the shots that he made. I just can't comprehend my inability to post up.
Got caught by a DC camera for speeding a month ago. 390+ speed cams? Wow. Check out: The Top 10 Cities For Speed Traps via
Crap I should be asleep but I keep playing puzzlejuice >.<. x97 combo gogogogo.
They always tell me that no one is working as hard as you, i laugh it off even though I'm knowing that its probably true! -Drake
is literally the best person I've ever met
How did your first day go? I hope it went well!
M sounds good!
Packed house at Vessel for New Diplomat's CD release party... www newdiplomat.net
Toured the Celestial Seasonings factory in Boulder.
when all that happen ?
Get stoked for our new shows at www.facebook.com/collaterallive!
we go every year. Lol. It gets kinda old but at least it's a vacation.
WhoAh what a weekend.... Our Contest is done..! will post more info shortly so stay tuned -
Life tends to have that Toothpaste and Orange Juice affect... Some things just don't seem to go together. That is all
You should've called, & I would have loved to get together
If I could, I would still be laying on the back of my car under the open sky with you(: laughing, goofing off and cuddling(:
I cut three fingernails too short. Oh the pain.
I am twitter happy today sorry fb.
FINALLY! its about time she started to care!
Yeah, that's fine.
How you look affects how you feel. What is your favorite clothing item that is you?
Working Chevelle tonight. S/o to #Estelle for calling me cute. Ran into a lot of hip hop figures at last night show.
Hoping to learn some things I don't already know, and hear about how others are marketing and teaching this tool!
The AT family would like 2 say thank u & good luck 2 as we say "c u later" 2day. We'll miss u & ur smile, but wish u all the best!
Nothin says #Goodmorninggg like 3 flights up a stopped single row escalator w/ ppl stopping every 6 steps to turn & tell how tired they are.
YO MAMMA IS SO OLD SHE RAN TRACK WITH THE DINOSAURS
last night why didn't you go to the bean?
I wish Vin was with the boyz so he could of saw Justin to.
In Your Trap, I am a more
Ok so how do you folks feel about all digital programs?
SCREAMIN HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE. HAVE FUN THIS Y'ALL DAY
bored at work.
Lime is a Green- tasting rock. (This one is a personal favorite).
major props to for getting suspenders with his tux!!!! he doesn't suck at life. haha
what is LIs?
Wow, thanks! Let us know if you need anything or have feedback! :)
You have a great weekend, also.
RT In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock - Thomas Jefferson
Im so high looking down from the ceiling, tonight I might plank on a million
Down to Maryland for lacrosse
You live, laugh, and love. Usually just to wind up getting lied to!
and we just signed up on your beta site! thanks!
How come? Just Curious?
I was certain you didn't have 5 fingers because every picture I see of you, i only see your middle finger on each hand. My mistake.
it's just wrong!
I know you'll understand me here when I say that I'm already going through some grief just taking pictures of them for facebook...
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
Ah... to be the 2nd or 3rd guy on stage to give their Academy Award speech, as Everyone's Yelling "5 SECONDS!!! HURRY IT UP!!!"
I noticed that as well
Current VIVO includes mechanisms to boost as well as exclude search results, will also improve in 1.5. Must get slides.
This kid next to me looks like .. <33 lol full on stalker mode.
Love what you do!YaY
Anyone know of any magical potion that makes a person more mature. Im 4 months away from 28 & still act like Im 15. Oh well forever young
Attending a very informative EDUCAUSE webinar on the 2012 Core Data Service (CDS)...great changes made which improves navigation
Tebow needs to stay away fom Katie Perry
You have an incredibly warped definition of tough.
Just beat Mac in Scrabble! It's the little things...haha
People who drink, smoke heavily and take hard drugs tend to live almost 10% longer than those who don't.
wow! those images are inspiring.
1 vote for Go Dog Go RT Today is Children's Book Day. What was your favorite children's book?
Professionally separated artwork will make all the difference to your prints!
I just suggested to my soccer playing step-daughter at U of A, to try out for #Arizona #Wildcats Field Goal kicker. She can't be any worse.
The basketball finals should be coming up really soon!
i miss my freaky friend :/
Ree Varcoe: Wonka's Everlasting Gobstopper: The Ultimate Test of Motherhood: As I approach this Mother's Day, I am going to be fearle...
RT : Crowded streets, homeless man surviving, music. ...seeing a Play. I love NY
hey hey ...how are you :)
As I was scraping my windshield this morning, couldn't remember why I hated 105 degree weather this summer quite so much
Some 20 million Americans listen to Rush #Limbaugh. They think they get their "news" from him.
My Sextet will be making big sounds on the little stage at Katerina's tomorrow night, stop in for great music and a showing of my artwork
yes. Exactly yes to all of that.
Dude im juss playin ' chill bro
oh damn :/...im starting to get sick..one of the many reasons...to hate winter D:
Yes, my Spanish grade is up!
Back home now. Quite a wild experience. Thx 4 the kind words. We're going to tweet about you today to again show our appreciation.
Tx for the RT.
Kobe Bryant's sick faces <
you back out hun that grate news
RT : RT its fucking funny that I can be there for all these people but when I need something nobodys there for me
Thanks for the kind words.. and again, for such cool MMA story ideas. You're 2-2!
I want to hear more about that!
just got done cutting the grass. I could literally eat a whole box of Krispy Kreme donuts.
Thanks girl :)
RT : "No push and the door of opportunity will not open." - D. Pressley [Great quote, Delores!]
then come over. Let's do this.
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."
Happy Valentine's Day!
one of those #priceless moments in life just occurred: my 3-year-old asked to watch his Jimi Hendrix DVD from Space before bed.
Love me some Bo Jackson!
"Lesson plans should be learning plans"
turned off my bedroom lights & tried to make it to my bed in the dark. not such a smart idea. gonna have a big bruise tomorrow.
As clutch as Pierce's 3 was, that shot was equally as unclutch.
what are your thoughts on Mario's physical this morning and bringing his fiancé to Buffalo?
cool keep me posted
we're just getting started :) lots of cool event stuff happening soon we'll keep you in the loop
I got it and responded
R.Carson "Only w/in the moment of time rep'td by the present century has 1 species..acquired sig power to alter the #nature of his world."
YOLO has run its course, I officially hate it
So glad we can connect! Thanks for the follow!
What a week! #lotsgoingon tonight's event with was so insightful!
sorry for not updating my blog this past week. i'll make it up to ya tomorrow.
answer... Well you're nice and talk to me like I don't suck dick for money.
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
so we are still friends. good. lol. nothing really, just thinkin about a new tumblr name:)
RT : I'm about to cut off ties with thank you for your #twitter bio <-- You're welcome =)
Hahahaha when was I doing that I must have been high ^_^
Thanks so much for including my tweet in your The Write Stuff Daily Paper. Much appreciated. :O)
I freakin love Heart Attack by Trey Songz <3
I'm only watching Dancing With the Stars to kill time before The Bachelorette starts
yeah i mean hes attractive lol:P
Niall Horan Is Handsome
Omgg!!! At the at guy at the 76ers game. Omg, I am tramatized for life.
you would be in the know! I'm assuming it would be defensive rebounding--cause Shabazz won't miss (or will he?)
hahahaha!! u need to own that dress. It has ur name written all over it.
Just this morning, after weeks of putting of my health, I reminded myself that health is always the # 1 priority.
BBW reunion today......damn
Thanks to my lovely ladies for such an amazing and fun night!! love you girls<3<3<3
#theoffice is so terrible now. Dwight is so unlike-able, Parenting has made Jim and Pam retarded, and Andy = dumbass. I'm done watching.
what's u doing
No matter what I sell a bat for, 3,4,5 hundred bucks, a free 5 dollar bat grip always seems to balance out that transaction.
Earn a $50 AmEx gift cards for business account referrals. Call us 404.629.5200 to learn more.
O ok! Totally makes complete sense now
definition of a hoe ass niggardly. Next thing this dude gonna grow a dully and get educated. To back to school fucka
Had a blast - thanks for having us!
I feel you. Your new pic is bomb btw
#StronglyAttractedTo guys that can keep up while dancing REGGAE <3 eyyyy
got school in the am gotta do this damn hw smh feel like im back in high school but owell gotta do itso i can be that much closer to mydream
Driving mom's car to Charleston. Best part - Prince and Rick James on deck
I think everything administrative is hard for small businesses. It's often $0 per hour work.
We plan to move to Vegas just as soon as we sell our house in NH.
Protect your investment.
lolol(: noo glasses don't do laundry lol well I don't idk about all these other fancy glasses :p hahaha(:
hey what was that miike snow song I liked? Something about the stars or something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Gonna be a long day here at work c'mon 4 o'clock!!
M. Isla Vista.
I hate when people act like they don't know shit. Bitch you know damn well what's going on.
Are you trying to say you have a pasta hang over? Now that's Italian! Lol
waiting for #Paulmccartney #grammys hope he doesn't embarrass me.
I wish Denzel Washington would get a twitter
I don't care how moving the image macro you post is, when it ends with anything like "I bet you won't share this" it's instantly right.
#artsummit "People themselves make changes. It's not semantics." Scott Rankin says be careful about "changing people"
Made my first online purchase since giving it up for lent and I couldn't be happier!!!!
okay will do. Thanks!
Java Engineers wanted: front-end or back-end java engineer they can hire? (via ) - CEO of Billshrink.com (reply directly)
The pretzels by the coffee machine are crack. Any food left by the coffee machine is crack. ...really any food is crack.
stop lying !!!
Flames to dust Lovers to friends Why do all good things come to an end ... Been stuck in my head all day
looked for 20 min for article and couldn't find it - then realized he'd said "jewelry" not "jury"
STEM engages students and increases motivation with project-based learning and encourages students to solve authentic problems.
Food Fact: Hmm. Swiss Steak, Chop Suey, Russian Dressing, and a Hamburger all originated in the US.
Sure, I'd like to take a look at it! How do I get an invite?
what time?
agree it gets confusing.
Or not.
Oh yea I know girl... So sad!! Watchin CNN now
Lol today is my mom's birthday!
Momma yelling at me bc her shoes are cold
Calling it a night nothing else to do everybody be safe
Defintely! College is kicking my butt
I absolutely hate you, esp because you always turn down my suggestions to go there insisting you "don't eat red meat"
#BringCigs in Twitter Jail :(
Thank Y for the radio talk show on your new book. Great to hear your voice. We should all be skeptics of society! Great Show!
Missing in JLin hoopla: Why D'Antoni benched him for so long. Granted I'm a Harvard fan, but it was always obvious he was better than Toney.
Now following [:
yea, artists already have the little "links" page with their friends' sites, why not a step further?
that's a good question...she is a pretty good picture taker!
updating the Documentation page right now for iCalendar
i basically missed the shirt and got my legs:p
Little known fact: My wife has an unhealthy crush on Groundskeeper Willie from The Simpsons.
Yeah! On the board finally! Thanks #Weeks! Go #Brewers!
Nate the great... Splash hit!
best feeling EVER! :)
MT Bar tonite 5-830p! 12 Trucks+ great wine = One great way to spend an evening!!
Trying to stay focus but I can't concentrate at all
really? lucky how was it?
#sandiego #foodtrucks: can anyone give me a quick sound bite about proposed AB 1678 (prohibiting food trucks 1500 feet from schools)?
miz and and his boyfriend just got firerd
Meanwhile BET is showing the stupid ass trapped in the closet series... (via ) [BET is just Viacom in blackface.]
Still working on chemistry...because my life rocks
easy as pie. <3
Visited HBCU Virginia Union, Richmond, VA. Nephew, poli-sci major; future Q!
alright that last post is going to keep me way too hype.
do you know what he was wearing.
Ugh I hate English vocaaabbbbb. -_-
what shirt might that be?
thunderstorms for the last 3 hours have kept my laptop unplugged, which means I'm actually reading instead of playing Torchlight.
I've experienced that a few times. Unknown cause.
How come it doesn't feel lile it?
Meow good morning friends !
Library til god knows when <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man.
Its really unbelivable how the most ppl that have a twitter account is for jb or selena gomez..this show support for 'em :)))
Raining day so alternative exercise is chasing dust bunnies!
MY NIGGA .....THE GAME CAME OUT
Yayyyyyyyyy Tutoring soon
"Who's chair is this? Not my chair not my problem that's what I say"
Loll. I bet you're wondering why I'm asking youu stupid questions. lol. I just think you're cute. (:
tarus even though I'm Scorpio
Eli consistently leads the NFL in dumb face.
Congrats to the amazing brand-new district 33 Dane County Supervisor !! (aka Jenni Dye)
Glad 4 ya pimp!! U deserve it bra!!
Would it be a red flag if she was your girl tho? Lol
also, , "Having HPV is about as serious as needing contacts."
Have any of you seen Man of the Century? It's phenomenal!
Love SVG calling out DHoward and Magic Execs about his coaching status. Those two are like an old married couple.
Smith and Rinne may be the two best goalies in these playoffs going against each other.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. also your videos are amazing carly. =)
We will do whatever you want us to, to help make it happen! But please make #8hrCicLAvia a priority!
Follow team follow back
sounds like an amazing w/end...beats 20 hours in an airplane any day!
Sorry Erin, guess I'm a free market purist. (;
5 Mile run in 37 flat. 7:24 average. That is indeed a RUN, not a jog. How fast can you do 1 mile? What about 3.1 (5k)?
mi big sister.
Is there any point to four square besides10 percent off at Scotty's
Made my first batch if puff puff
weird how their from Australia too haha
Trying to work a bit during the Pow-Wow. Old Town is very busy. Unfortunately,I can't do all day. Have a great Weekend.
wld love to see more of what it doing, need to do same here at some point, does ur stake have own Facebook pg?
Im so stupid -_-
And that trains, planes & freeways coexist in this area so why cant Solar Turbines and Fat City Lofts?
Shot the prologue scene today! Great stuff. It will all be revealed in an exclusive release february 17th!
Defense folded like a bad camping chair.
Everybody is unique I there own way right.
I'll bow out of this conversation for now, guys. Thank you.
I'm sure it'll be fine - thank you! Want me to ping you my email now or after the conference?
McGary hasn't done anything in this game!!
Hitler was Progressive too;; sicko
night night world <3
it's fine by me, if you never leave.
Follow me on instagram at:
Glad todays my last day:)
Your Music is bumping hard in Brooklyn right now in my house "TOUCHDOWN" Yo Gotti tweet me back my G !
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ... I can't hold it in
Its always the usual. When ever I needa talk with someone about some problems there's no one here -.-
I've been productive for the last two days, I wrote 20 pages, combed my hair and smiled at a guy. This is a sign of the end of the world.
Will be in and out of Twitter this week, as schedule permits. :) :)
Third time's the charm.
it's perfection. I'm pretty sure that nothin is going to surpass it. I'm gonna have to get hella scholarships though.
have more fun. trust the process. don't give up.
Sup wit all deez new niggaz
Went book shopping today for the first time in 4 months. Better than sex.
Getting ready to talk about the Halloween parade on with ! Tune in at 7:50 to hear about 's appearance.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE. (;
Friend moving to SEA looking for nonprofit work. Legal Aid atty for 8 yrs and wants to use her expertise for good. Please DM or @ me leads!
Probably better than House on the Rock - that'd give a kid nightmares for years!
I WANT BACKLIT KEYS!
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you look better with the lights off ;
we're about 20 miles along the San Diego Freeway to the Convention Center, let us know if you need anything else!
Missing: set of balls. Last seen frozen somewhere in West Boise. If seen, please call Nick.
your not alone, many others agree with you,including me.
some does but the rest is just blah blah blah they always talkin bout the south nd rodeo it annoying lol
That Awkward Moment In An Arguement When You Realize You're Wrong .
Yeah.. I'm totes going home to take a nap after this hour.
Any input on flying a couple days post-op? I think we're going to fly PDX to LAX next weekend. How miserable will he be?
Stop by PA-142 and say hi!
Omg! I want a build-a-bear <3
state tax return?
RIDICULOUS MATCH!! RT : Nadal is 25. Djokovic is 24. That's the best part of all. This will happen again.
How was your trip?
I'm grilling tonight steaks, poke chops, Italian sausages and then ima turn up on this drink.
today's Earth Day? nice. (:
Good history fact! RT. April 30, 1803 - The U.S. purchased the Louisiana Territory from France for $15 million.
Iran Navy sending Warships to Atlantic Ocean Near US East Coast and prepares Mass production of New Missiles.
That awkward moment when u look at a girl and realize u want the guy beside her
Cabernet makers need to quit wining
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
#ff my new job crush.
tonight we'll go for le smoked spare ribs, light spring salad, and roasted rosemary potato. Boom!
Love meat? Get introduced to Churrasco (shoe-HAS-ko), authentic Brazilian grilling coming to #ColoradoSprings on 4/5!
RT : Enjoying 's art at
Thanks! I really love your cover of Genesis' "Dance On A Volcano'!
Here before the library even opens
Yeeah. I think it's just one local section blogger having fun. Did you see it on homepage or something?
Thank God.
Tell her I said hello ;)
A musician goes to heaven. St. Peter says, "You can load in through the kitchen."
that is awesome! It was just a Thursday for me. :-)~
After reading Hargrove's declaration, one things is clear to me: Gregg Williams is a dirty SOB
Have fun tomorrow morning!!!
Had my coffee, had my kisses.from.daughter& hubbie, now ready to ninja kick the day off right!!!
Thanks everyone - good night!
what comment?
Not one jazz person.
things went pretty good. But things could be better. Thanks for asking! :)
These people came to make sense, some of tennis from the world of cab. ??? congrats on 9/24.
RT : Stay tuned, fans! The 2012 #ACCB1G Challenge matchups will be announced today at 2 p.m. ET!
Ditto. V-day is just a big marketing scam.
Mr. Clark is so creaapy.. He literally just stares at girls..
Furyk's isn't a thing of beauty but results are sweet.
Why would the song imply that I know all the other reindeer but then ask if I recall the most famous of all? Why wouldn't I?
RT RT Like many things in life, cruises are best when they're shared. Ask your [Travel Agent] about group sales.
uh oh 0.o
RT Friend just told me she showed images from a lynching in class & a student honestly thought the man was bungee jumping.
RT : There is now nipple marks on our car..Sweden is always fun.
have fun at magic! My aunts are there for scootergirls! Go check out the booth. Love and miss you!
wouldn't have missed it, pleased to be part of & banished! history
All roads lead to #WorldPremier #HeadlinerFridays @ tonight! || this party is known to be for NYC's elite only.
Yes we filled it. Why? Are you giving up on Uranus and moving to NY?
#PrivatePractice Jake. All day... Jake. I was liking him and Addison at first but now I want him and Amelia to hook up next season.
Now that line needs to be in some kind of promo :) I'm paging the Marketing Department!!
May not be what you want, but it's what you need. Sometimes the only way around it is to let love do it's work. So go on; let it hurt
I Go after what life offers
can't complain... Hella tired still doe
Sophie seems sad she has to wait another week to watch yoga rave.
I am also insanely excited to see The Vow this weekend with
Slept in a mummy bag with my leg brace last night. It's a long, long story.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL I mean
People smoking around me -_-
And that was officially a not great first half for the Packers
Hydro-zone your yard. Group plants with similar moisture needs in same area to make sure they get the right amount of H2O.
Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble; Best to seek out a relative's open arms. ~Author Unknown
I keep accidentally bringing up source code on web browsers. Is that a sign?
you get an accepted offer on that mansion yet? #np Big Tymers - Real Big
Car review: Hyundai Azera - The Tribune
thanks for reminding me to twitter
Happy mothers day
omg was totally thinkin about him last night!
Welcome home. Delete all.
Crazy weekend :) ending my night with new video! how was ypur weekend?
I was going to say the same thing.
that is soo me
Home Energy
You should come kick with with my homies and me today :) we're gunna drink and smoke!
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT when you have a lemonade stand and a duck walks up to you and asks for some grapes..
that's right lol ....
what? Lol anyways how was school? :)
Been relaxing all day, I love relaxing!
We've got power.
My uncle ordered me steak and Jack Daniels with Diet Coke, I like this :o
About to do one more, than I'll stop! Thanks for the good info Paul.
like I did here, rather than putting their handle at the end. When you do the latter, the tweet goes out to all followers. FWIW!
Seems like Mother Nature really wants the #OccupySeattle folks to quit camping on Capitol Hill.
Look at you. Tweeting up a storm...
Off to the capital!
": absolutely grooving right about now"
Enjoying my husband's govt holiday off! =)
Why can't you feel what I feel :/
Guys, just want to make sure we're not overlooking the big story today... With gametime temps in the 80's, Jenny Dell has gone sleeveless.
My body is screaming TAKE YO ASS YOU SLEEP but my mind is wide awake
Hugs and happy early Mother's Day!!! I hope you get to spend the day your favorite way.
lol I'm a strange one <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
I Love you do HACKING much <3
Thanks for the #FF!
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything. --Voltaire
Formulating plans to both author and illustrate a children's fable about intestinal blockage. "The Hat in the Cat". Where my #publisher at?
At sushi bar, chat up cute girls next to me, introduce myself, establish rapour but let em walk out the door w/o number
Time for another edition of Beer&&Code at the HQ. Tonight. 7pm to 10ish. Bring your projects, bring your beer, bring yourself.
Thanks for following me..
saw you got some shine on yahoo
Led Zeppelin2 tomorrow in Logan Square!
I'm gonna be so behind when I go back to school tomorrow omg
Epic. Props.
thank you for the muppet movie. Makes me feel like a kid again. My 4 year old said it makes him feel like an adult again.
classy, man, classy
The church choir is amazing :)
Many thanks for the kind words, Mr. Gore! ;) To be fair though, I'd be utterly lost without the redhead.
Dexter Fowler, ladies & gentlemen.
Follow back
let me know how it worked please :)
The true star of Hangover II-the drug dealing monkey lol
Where's my shot at love with Tila Tequila?!
Death is surely a good trip because nobody has ever returned. :)
sure! following ;)))
Just remember, "single" doesn't always mean lonely. The same way "relationships" doesn't always mean happy.
I don't like this.
ok- with all the crap I have to do today and tomorrow I am finally glad I can drive....
"GET YO' BOP ON"
Sitting in Vientiene, Laos having coffee at a French cafe.
I hope that when I sleep tonight with the window open the wind will blow my worries away.
Thanks everyone who came out to Nectar last night. It was a BLAST!
i have felt the same way since i moved here
could you do me a huge favor & invite me to pinterest? I tried to sign up over a month ago & haven't gotten anything yet! #loveu!
well, it's certainly heartening that you'd consider this an opportunity to grow your faith. what can we do in VO community 4u
hope we see you in, pronto!
short Gold @ $910
States have a role to play in defining which courses are required for which credentials. Current variation is too high.
Not even John Harkes now doing their broadcasts makes me dislike #DCU more. That's how much I already disliked DCUnited.
If you can't parallel park, don't drive into the city. Maryland, I'm looking at you.
How about them apples RT“: I wish I was as smart as will hunting”
I really don't know what to do.... I really don't think there's a good choice ...
RT : Don't dig your grave with your own knife and fork. ~English Proverb
Gotd My Progress Report Today I Gotd 2 A's Nd 2 B's I Mite Be Badd Butd Im Smart Though
is catching up with Richard on Ryan Deiss' brilliant Continuity Blueprint.
Just realized I'm in the movie #TheBlindSide opening scene. Seahawks team photo #69 center screen!!!
RT : Only 47 minutes left! Be loud. Be Proud. #BeMilwaukee and vote to help us win this social media event!...
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. -Chinese Proverb
I'm not surprised that Twitter wants me to follow Romney (promoted!), but I am kinda shocked that follows him, apparently
I don't see why not. I got 31 mpg(;
For the love of Jesus, pull your damn pants up.
ditto, love. I truly believe that your mama and my sis brought us together to love and support one another <3
Wishing I was traveling through some far-off, exotic place :)
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
Sure I will and thx!
A star wants to see himself rise to the top. A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top. - Simon Sinek
RT : We've got grilled cheese and bacon with homemade tomato soup at Cleveland Park tonight to take the chill off...
. Let's face it, in 1 form or another, we're all going up in smoke. Jim Nabors included.
I just wanna be in my big comfy bed... Not driving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
The tarp! No
out of context that might be the weirdest thing i've ever tweeted
Great, thanks for the earworm. Swiftly flows the day.
Half day for me. Forward all my calls to the nail shop, girl.
The MVP for the #Rangers ? The goal post
At the end of the day family is all we have so why turn on them? What goes around comes back around my ppl.
Hey Leigh thanks for following, that motorcycle looks fun
nigga shut up u retarded!
that's an amazing song!
In 1746, Jean-Antoine Nollet linked 200 monks with nearly a mile of wire to build a human circuit into which he discharged a battery.
and this Sunday in SF!!!
I'll run away with you if things don't go as planned. Planning big could be a gamble, I've already rolled the dice
Smugglers busted on the highway to pitt...
time to get a kindle? :-)
At the rate the Lakers are players they won't be able to touch OKC!
Got a new phone... Yay! :D
Love this! ": If we win the Jackpot in #MegaMillions - we'll be giving the truck/business to our twitter followers. :)"
watching the race Sunday?
u know it
Loving book 'Nonviolent Communication' Grt insights on how 2 connect, communicate-notes imprecision of language
I love the concept of Exergaming! What are you working on in that area?
#thatawkwardmoment when you go out to eat with your friends and you see your parents <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Ladies: If your bf tells you where he is/who he is with do you really think that he's trying to cheat on you? He had friends before you.
Thanks Scott! Friday, full-moon tomorrow, spring fever... Woo Hoo!!!!
"What we forget is, we're not normal." MEB
Watching all our warrior dash videos! Ridiculous! Hahaha
well we are brothers! nobody ever believes us
you suck
Masturbate Monday keeps the stress away.
miss you love!
Def want 2 learn more. Writing a cookbook & need help sifting through the legal side, trademarking, etc.
Any universities using wordpress (ala cuny commons, U Mary W.) as tool for engaging external constituencies? ?
One of my most favorite spots and so inspirational and motivational. Thanks for the picture post!
Playahs! I've got some NEWS and UPDATES for you!! This year, in order to play, you will need the usual LIME GREEN bandana as well as...
Whoa. Terry Francona, the ESPN baseball analyst. 'Twas only a matter of time.
.they don't..
About 41% of consumers are eating pizza once per week, compared to 26% two years ago, according to Technomic's Pizza Consumer Trend Report
you're a beast Kelly! In a you-can-fucking-drink-daily kinda way! Love reading all your shit! :)
at choral society. alone.
i caddied for a guy that was right-handed, yet chipped & putted left-handed. He also carried a gun w/ blanks to scare geese
id rather have anything other than indifference from the stadium crowd. its a new breed of fan i guess
Philly and Pittsburgh.
Santorum NOT ready for Prime Time!
pick one school and stick with it haha. If you like ND football u like ND basketball or same with IU
Presentation done with, now just the final and we are done with this class forever!!!
haha ya bro, my line was making me so mad! but we got this weekend bro! we gotta want it and i know i do!
I like cornhill but still getting over Indian Food.Was tasty but waitress didn't understand anything & tried charin $20 extra
You could finally check that off my list :) Easy sailing from here
ya know, girl. Errrrryday!(;
Thanks for the follow. BTW, I'll gladly change my office if you've got another grand in your pocket.
Isn't that the post from a couple months ago? Did I miss some new information?
Thank you for your message Ilaria!Soon everything will start.....
Is there a station nearby that I could use to bored your giggling train of nonsense?
Takes 14 innings.. But Sox take a huge one in NY. Season comes down to a 3 game series vs Baltimore
“: see you sooner than you think ;-)” << What's your schedule like? When will you be back in Florida?
be tryna hook me uo wit the ugliest girls lol
ah!<3 I'm crying so hard right now! Thank you<3
With #Trump endorsing #Romney, that should be about it. Obama may just as well quit. Looks like a bright future for the “very poor” as well.
I really love it -- it's trashy in a delicious way, and it's got so many fun plot twists and yada yada.
I love great late night Twitter banter. Keeps things fresh!
been following you for years you are a great business man and creator
No worries. You make excellent stuff. Had the Szechuan peanuts again last Monday. Happy happy hour snack.
Um. This kid named Ted Poe keeps on yelling "That's just the way it is" after he makes a basket in gym class. I'm getting a headache.
Congrats Bellevue Bulldogs, 2011 baseball champs!
casino, underrated. Pesci was more of a badass in it. Tough call though.
no mate I don't really have the body for it
like you put a bottle up there for safe keeping?
i dunno if i have told anyone this before, but, OMG I LOVE HYENAS!!
My pleasure and thanks for following back. :)
RT : thanks for coming to the offices today. So much good stuff to do together.
Oh boy. Keep us posted, and let us know if there's anything we can do, yes?
Excellent #iMarketers event tonight with and Thanks to and team.
at the end of the day true love tells all . its up to you if you want to hear and believe it .....
marry me?
Brrrrr Geoffrey is chilly this morning!
Ejection shouldn't matter. It's not like Kobe was gonna pass Metta World Peace the rock anyway.
It was awesome hanging with my sis but now it's time to sleep.
right on! Good advice!
How come when Steve past his son Hand didn't take over Apple?
Lacee is wet. And she is PISSED.
still awake, huh?
drinking coffee. kind of bad. i always forget.
#Decoded Waiting to see Tom Hanks in this episode....
Marvin Gaye &' Chardonnay :-)
I think I have date soon. (at least I think so)
Thanks for RT :)
no clue how much i'm getting yet from the grad school & english dept. so not sure if i can get more funding as an attendee
thanks for coming out!!!
As I expected, #FirstTake was great today.
thanx Emily! that was doing a guest gig...
Hey Guys would like to know when the games start and where ? Can't wait to get more info !!!!
I miss my old songs... <3
O wait will be my Valentine forever....
Use the #WIveGotTheStreets hashtag to say how you can reach out to WI voters one-on-one & take back our state from Walker & his goons.
Thanks Paula :)
Just now??“: my grandfather passed away”
you're in good company
Going to the store to get neosporin for the wounds that were afflicted during intramurals
sister's band competition today :D
Welcome to the weekend, what ever you are doing today make it a great one. We are hard at work researching new recipes :)
I would like to say that today I spend $140 on walnuts. Just. Walnuts. That is all.
prob the $1billion he saved us over the past 10 months?
Are you planning an event in the new year? Let us help you put together your next event! Check out www.execcatering.com
Crooklyn and Bad Boys is the all time best for real!
Fun Fact for Wed: the First Family has to pay for their own food consumed in the White House.
Tired of poor and costly production and lighting? JSL Production is a leader in tour and event production for CCM industry www.JSLPRO.com
Thanks , still owe you a message. :)
For those just joining us, nychunt.com is a cash hunt
ooh. That'd be a sad make-up job for sure. I don't even know how to do eye shadow. :)
Attended my first African Vegan buffet in BK tonight. The food was AMAZING. I'd be a vegan if Benoit cooked for me eeeerynight.
Doin some wedding shopping with my sister in-law...shes getting married in 12 weeks...just now is starting to plan..who else has done this??
By Jesse Gissen Former Bad Boy rapper G. Dep (born Trevell Coleman) was greeted by his family and friends when he arrive
picks you up and lays you on the bed and i lay next to you giving you lots of kisses and wipes your tears away x
Good morning fam! Been up for 3 hrs already. :) Best job in the world.
Haha! I didn't realize Alex followed me. I was like omg and he rt me.
I fully support this.
I'm not sure that this chicken is quite done. Eating it anyway. That's how hungry and tired I am. If I don't post again, I might be dead.
I believe that the infusion of youth and energy, i.e. Middlebrooks and Nava, has changed the attitude of the team for the better.
Completely agreed.
spare 3 min y'all are really black ppl yo don't cut it so close next time I try help y'all .. Smh
The world is not nice
Awww... thanks for watching!
Night-walk is my favorite walk.
CHANCE TO WIN -- tweet us your best thought or memory of your #Mother - we will chose one RANDOM tweet from list of all entries at 9pm EST
well you should get rid of that app xD
hey a-hole..I'm talking to you cc:
We are excited to be at your game tonight. Hope you can stop by our table.
M Super Yummy Breakfast. Slow cooked steel cut oats with, cranberries, blueberries, walnuts, almond milk and walnuts.
ah. That's different from what I thought u were saying. Yes. Dearth of funding options for atypical students, learning styles
The Memphis Tigers join the Big East!! M-Town stand up!!
haha soo cute to see my brother playing in that band thing lol
“You are the sky. Everything else – it’s just the weather.” - Pema Chodron
Baby i'm like milk, i'll do your body good. ;)
City with the most Rolls Royce's per capita: Hong Kong. Ballin ass'
I love Marleana's family
my school talent show is on ur birthday!! xD #HappyAlmostBirthdayAlli!!!(:
Going to NY Wednesday!
nice pic....lol at the guy in the background :-)
I love me some sody pop!
I don't think Eddie winslow smoked that much pot
can I be in the movie?
Spin class music was off the chain, which made the workout Awesome!
I mean, I will never use all of the 16gb.
With a new direction comes change, Rage QB and OPOY Mikey Bernal will not be asked to come back by the Rage
Being Happy doesn't mean that Everything is Perfect. It means that you've decided to Look beyond the Imperfections.
Showstoppers and p-poppers, yall stop at the museum and check out the wonderful exhibit, "Pecan Candy." Curated by yours truly.
hahaha you taking it back on me wow i'mma see what i can do
Great mileage. Congrats.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet just so I can give him a big hug & kiss. You have to let me know when you go to Dolphin, lol. <U+263A>
New album coming soon........ The General
My sis u tryin 2 make me tear. U know I'm a softy & is my fam 4 life. I luv u all 2 death. Fam #Support&Stick2gether
On the real I'm sad AF I'm missing my football game tomorrow... I know my girls gonna go up there and whip azz!!!!! #ATLANTAPHOENIX !!!
News flash! Sometimes my period is not awesome.
Congrats!!! Maybe a drink would be a bad idea! :)
I can and I will!
If you come and burn down my house with me in it, ill promo you.....
"I think the fact is recognized that Proctor & Gamble has standards higher than mere money making" -Wm. Cooper Proctor
#ICantGoADayWithout Going to the gym thank god it's open today.
#Packers #DonaldDriver #DWTS...Yeah he was terrific!
DING DING DING I think we have a winner... :D
Must be nice. Spring weather all last week (including tornadoes on Friday) and expecting snow tonight. KY weather is crazy
I am dealing with it myself...you're telling me that when you had 8 people coming at me...
'Swamp People' cast member dies of natural causes: A man who relies on insulin claims United Airlines and federal agents put his heal...
stealing my thunder and beating me to tweeting our quotes
I said good night
Thanks for the retweet love, once again, you are the best!!
Not only will we remember those we lost but we'll also remember the 102 minutes that changes our lives forever
Thursday is Girls Night Out! Call all of your favorite ladies and come in to enjoy $5 specialty martinis!
Right on !
Still upset at last night's loss but it's friday so I'm happy
glad you enjoyed your McNuggets!
mi yodea in jewish fest auditions. being heard is like fresh cool water to a thirsty soul.
Up and ready!!
love coco puffs, but I hate popo cuffs. : )
Thanks for the RT, Glad to discover you!
My hand hurts if I don't move all my fingers as one unit. Deaugh
grrrrl you should help me figure some stuff out!!
damn, this is going to be hard. hard like my dick. same taste on your lips. nigga said wax on wax off, wax on wax off, wax on....
yes with each post fashioned in a way to achieve a desired response, if the response is vague enough the desired response will be achieved
I might be able to do Sunday evening...
Tonight is gonna be DOPE!!!!
I wouldn't expect that much out of an 8 year old. There's too much misinformation online, Wikipeida is at least a known quantity.
Police activity; 3rd st tunnel closed northbound & southbound. Police activity at 3rd and D St NW. Please avoid, use alternate streets.
Happy Thursday! Seems like a good day to do some community service or get involved. Ah, the smell of #makingadifference is so refreshing
the unexpected always proceeds the predicted
You're our new defacto #GW2 guild leader! Grats!
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther
Sara! You should have made noise. and I were there too.
Now watching the webs favorite film The Devil Inside.
Hey Twitterland, what's going on?
Officially Single
Luxe Essential SUMMER SALE is coming soon!
Sorry but your love of our cleavage just makes you a normal man. ;-) ( )
My addiction on twitter is about to start !
following on #soundcloud...I will follow that man anywhere he wanted me to go
People who think by the inch and talk by the yard deserve to be kicked by the foot.
Edwin Kneedler, Deputy Solicitor General, speaking this a.m. as keynote at #fllc12. Great to hear how highly he values the DOJ librarians.
i know what you talkin about. I think ima just have ruff sex or walk for like a hr after the bbyshower
smile!! your on camera :)... shooting the human rights leaders!
He makes me so mad, Love that Donald was so upset hahaha #packerspirit RT“: Len is such a bum!!!”
Seems that the squeaky wheel gets the oil.
No pictures?!
Had fun partying tonight
That last RT was an fyi for and maybe
is excited to learn when you google me in Puerto Vallarta mexico I come up the 3rd listing!!! Maybe I will be spending my winters here!!
lol! Cacti is his favorite though. I swear its a guaranteed #2 if I take him by that cactus every morning.
Moderation (in exercise) is sophistication. CG Philosophie.
Ya gotta Kamikazi on Em'!!! Ha
Beach al day ;)
A critic is a person who goes onto the battlefield after the battle has been fought and shoots the survivors
Happy Mothers day!
Thanks for the follow, Erin. We're big fans of your writing - keep up the good work!
": How do I sleep through my alarms as often as I do and still function as an adult?" Yolo ;) ps. Made jello shots. HELLO
ustream was really awsome i recored it for memories haha when will they next one be
Yay for accomplishing stuff! Ya wanna come over & help me sort out my new place from my move? haha! Fun filled days here now!
Yeah, after watching a whole EJ BBC special last night, you'd think I could at least remember to give him credit for his crap!
ACL live w/ Widespread Panic
interesting.... Apple going as green as granny smith
Great days ahead for #madisonville #Westwood #eastwalnuthills w
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote for Ross this Tues!
Had a great time decorating session with family. Buddy you have very nice staff. Thanks for a great time.
They need to stop talking shit that aint even true.
lol, you're slow.
Hey! I recognize some people in that video! lol
Believe me bro...I understand. His joints tend to do that. LOL...Maybe yall can link up...
Ugh, so disappointed. :(
Get #RelocateTheCoyotes trending! RT this tweet!
Reaction to Madonna halftime entrance: "HOLY CRAP! SHE'S SHE-RA!"
Nice! Good for him.
Yo Yo what's up doggy what's good big homie?
Super-psyched for my shoot tomorrow with the fantastic !
NO LIMIT - PAT FORD*
Glad to hear! We think it's a really useful tool!
Anytime! Happy Friday.
have to agree
So who wants to see what Andare has been working on? You will never guess what it is...
Just got boots for $8.48.
hahaha he would knock my ass out lmao
i'll text you later about it.
My mother always told me you can never know it all so never spend it all ! Thanks #MOM #TonyCav So I always save some for a sunny day
Eat cake!
I just looked at the #Leafs roster and they have 3 Americans. Also, JML is American? Since when?
paint a wooden chair?
I passed ya ass today and I waved this time <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Treat yourself to our lunch specials today: beef&mushroom soup, lemon-herb chicken w/mashed potatoes&salad, or chicken 'n biscuits w/fries!
Do you know your both from the sticks.
you and I both!
Did you see the video? Because I'm trying to tweet it but for some reason it's not showing on yfrog.
I don't want church as usual or a mundane Christian walk, I want Divine Intervention! God have your way!
Baby u light up the world like no body else......
One benefit of the indie life - I rarely get sick any more.
care package to cali ASAP lol cupcakes and cookiieess! i wonder if cupcakes would survive the mail haha
This born-digital sesh is bumpin'
Hope all is well Redskins Fans!
No worries, Los Angeles. This wind is just me practicing my Fus Ro Dah. No biggie.
that sucks.
Bisping landed more strikes to the back of the head than he did to legal targets.
Hey everybody do you know what's hiring any good job out there im tired of the one I have
RT : People saying B , You should be a preacher , Like I told em far back , I'ma be a teacher
A person who truely loves you Is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes in the smile on your face..<3
EXACTLY! To them compromise is even a dirty word
laying hur reading all my old messages ! =') they bring back so many memories !
can't wait to check it out today!
was getting 1.4:1 on his $. His hnd nvr ever any good vs me w my stck size & his propensity to 3 bet...knew precisely how he'd play
Obama can't win on same-sex marriage, even among his base: Looks like he just followed Biden's lead. NYTimes survey reveals wide skepticism
Happy Easter everyone
You guys if It says that I unfollowed you I really didn't my account did.
What's it gonna be? “: There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book. - Josh Jameson”
Happy thanksgiving to and :)
i'm trying to find that mexican song from the radio but i can't.. D:
Well in my country we are being torn between are loyalty to are long time allies and the tweets are keeping us awake sigh...
is there any way i can search for instagrams where other users have tagged me?
1,100 some web pages built in the past week, only 730 more to go...
I heard that too!
#1ThingAboutMySelf is worth 2 things about yourself
closes by thanking the hardworking #bmorehistoric volunteers.
i need an extra day in the week an extra hour on the clock just to show you how beautiful you are. You are so good to me. <3
What's your favorite restaurant in Louisville? Tweet us at
Love my man cant wait till our wedding May 18, 2013 so in love.
I love a good thunder storm on a hot Summer day!
If You Cut Somebody Off Going 10 Miles Slower Than Them You Deserve To Crash.
What about doofus? I get that a lot.
Photos went well. Now to write up press releases... Anybody know some local writers, bloggers, media contacts, etc.?
Wishing I was being fucked by a bodybuilder and I could suck on his nipples while he fills my ass full of his cum...
Uh oh - this can't be good -
I like that Bristol Palin is blogging about traditional marriage. I'm going to use my English degree and start one about particle physics.
Glad we had that blood drive in the building a while ago. #GiveBlood Host
Am trying to get excited about Snow Leopard, but it's not that sexy. I guess I'll settle for calm satisfaction, which doesn't suck.
Jay, I'm pretty sure you promised us if you had a daughter, you were gonna call her Brooklyn Carter.
Ha! You're welcome!
Louisville!! After and tonight come rage at Hideaway with and ! Music till 4am!
It's so good. Admit it! RT : Watch out is breaking out in song during the break
About to eat the hottest pepper in the world.
Registered & Excited to learn!
The #photos for the new #book about #trade and #integration #MERCOSUR are done! I'll post them on Monday :)
Where are all the moths??
Architect Beverly Willis inspires as she asks us 2 Imagine what it would be like if women could design half of our environment.
To whom much is given...
omg grace it's heaven. My all time favorite song is More Than This. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Great meeting/dinner with friends from tonight. Looking forward to see them all at #TheNetwork_JFGW event on Oct 13. Have u RSVPed?
It's a fully operational battle station.
I love walking into places and being told your eyes is low and u smell like a pound. I'm like good.. bitch... Mission
RT : Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you.
I'm around for good I has some travel to PGH but I work in MD
A paywall like DMN's is the equivalent of saying "trust us, we're great."
"Dear X, thank you for the guest post offer. We feel content should create more value for the reader than the writer. Don't offer again."
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the profession but fitness level.
So excited for some much needed girl time with my girls #hottubparty :)
I know I'll be there, I'm just worried I'll nod off and drool on my tie!!
The more talented a person is, the less they need the props. :)
Sounds like great mix, except you're missing one important piece: #Pilates!
Thinking about pulling the trigger on em?
#DropItLow I love dancing to this song <3
no smell, no tell scotch
lets celebrate!!! :-) xoxo
Who vandalizes a monument? For real though. That's so disrespectful.
Upcoming show Sat, May 12 in Brooklyn. More details soon. Definitely don't want to miss.
ooh, don't hate!
xD yes If but in twitter i speak only english xD
EXCELLENCE IS A SEED PLANTED IN DEDICATION, WATERED IN DETERMINATION, & PICKED IN COMMEMORATION
: May I ask what city you are in, and do speak to groups?
Eric Alan- Radio South Africa interviewed Roseanna Vitro this morning..The Music of Randy Newman - Motema Music
dont get me started.
Shouldn't the WordPress link in the footer of your site be pointing to .org (self hosted) and not .com? :)
Attended a fun seminar on typography & fonts today. May start buying up fonts.
Breakfast with eryn at the flying star!! Happy birfday dwayne
you aren't crazy, we just don't speak on what's going through our heads.
Agreed,not very clever at all,as well as counter productive. Thing is our own pro equality allies are using it as a "homage ".
Trend setter. You the copy type
I vote for Botanas!
The Possibility Factor Prayer Journal is your 30 Day guide designed to build hope and increase faith Order NOW on KINLDE...
where do you live ?
For taxpayers, not a moment for cheers RT : Cheers: Maryland's state lawmakers will be returning to Annapolis
RT : HubSpot users - today's #InboundLearning webinar is about the Advanced Landing Page tool. Join us at 2pm ET -...
Aw im bored its raining and im hungry..!!!! Even though i jus ate BOY AM I A PIGG..!! Lol
I've been blessed with the best writing an production team in Atlanta. I give all the glory to god for them. DREAMTEAMDONTSLEEP!!!!!!!!!!
Leave it up to to pull off a kick-ass theme song.
dude I'll be back 2morow my momma shit on my life nd made me stay home :( I feel so weird not bein with one of u guys lol
": I want to see the finished product....whatcha making" hey lady I will soon!! :)
“: Niggaz Fronting Knowing Damn Well they'll Smash every chick in the Pics u putting up!! Damn Shame”
thanks, love!!!!
i havta pee...
your awesome Trinity! ;)
haa well my whole day is ruined
In Going To Take It Slow This Time.
why is that? What is 's position on enviro, LGBT, education, guns, trains, etc? Don't know enough about him.
LOL nice, indeed. It's quite nice, actually. If they nag, you can just mute 'em. ;)
Rome, Rome, Rome, Run, Run, Run, Well, Well, Well, sick, sick, sick. Also, happy for u about the interns! You def need the help
that's what's up!
2 all of the Powerful Ppl in real life .. FYI .. When U look around & every 1 is not only uncomfortable but horrified by U ..
Right?! It's so good. I've done some of the series on there myself.
she shouldn't pisss off her fans! # backlash RT “: wonder is she seriously deleted her account -gonna try again ”
": I like you but i dont know what to do" just let David know
Ah, now there, that's a good call. Nice.
Oh, okay. How was it? What did you end up wearing since you said you weren't dressing up?
Discovery: chocolate chip pancakes are pure awesomeness when you add strawberries ~ Mom's day/2nd Sunday Gospel brunch
The Lord of the Rings, where is Frodo?
what is it with e town guys and nc...first dean smith, bowyer, Ty and you ..
We're all excited about the excellent incoming class to the MA program in DH at Loyola.
As if HKIGH are playing a club in my shitty little unknown north-east garbage town, that is pure amazing
I would like to smoke
You are so flawless. <U+2665>
Uh oh, bible camp opened up and the sds agnostics are confrontational...
Thanks for the follow! Wish you'd published my recent blog comment on the interview with Julia Chuang.
you should totally do it! I definitely wanna run it, although a zombie would be kinda cool
“: So glad my Patriots drafted some boys to beef up that D. Superbowl ring #4 comin to ya Tom! #PatsDraft” <<<< not happening
I need a picture of my f-o's & I for my senior scrapbook!
Kentucky is throwing down some good dunks today.
Pity the Beautiful new poem, new book of poetry by Dana Gioa #USC #Writers conference
sweet. Just make sure you finish that beer for me!
word I'm gonna check it out
RT if you love One Direction<3
Why the hell don't you start the show with Sheep Dog trials?
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there!!
Hate it when cops ride my ass and I can't break check them.
can't wait to see julian on abdc!!!!
me too!! It's driving me crazy right now!
#BreakingNews: Andrew Luck will also be picked first in the , , and Drafts.
Monday monday yeah yeah yeah
Just looking for something real.
Girl who smoke
The awkward moment when the answer to a math problem Is 69.
I haven't gained a single follower in the past two days..... #NoOneCares -___- but if you do follow me, #InstantFollowBack <3 soo #Hmu!
Follow Friday
yay fathers day
Hope all the guys that crashed tonight are okay!! Love yall
:) The other was interesting, too, actually...
bahahaha that text inspired the thought. #fuckoff froggy, I'm driving
And I say this despite my conviction that Obama has been a terrible President. There's a diff btw ...
CD Release party for Shannon at the Fine Line, come check it out!
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
is selling my cd and vinyl by the name of Letter Box - Buy local!
Gettin baked @ this weed dispensary called #CANNABLISS with my boo thang
hell yeah matey!!!
I'm a rockets fan. But since they aren't in it, I wouldn't mind seeing Kobe, Durant, or Bron win it.
Syracuse looks like they want to go home.
Spaghetti Dinner Fundraiser Location:Fayette Plateau Vo-Tech Center Time:11:00AM Saturday, August 28th
it's not very good but whatever lol. Lori's is way better than what I can do.
LOL my night has been made
#agirldeserves Good Love Rocken knocken Boots All Night Long
El after!
Good morning all!! How are you all.
PIANO IS LONLEY. TALK TO ME.<3
I have to quote Mr. Rogers today because,"It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood." Sunny, Sunday.
Lmao man what happened to that guy?!
Watching B.A.P.S love this movie!
Whenever anything disagreeable or displeasing happens to you, remember Christ crucified and be silent. ~ Saint John of the Cross
birthday tomorrow (:
we think of it as "our" library (ie the community's library), not my library or their library.
Campus Superstar is thrilled to announce as a judge at our Carnegie Music Hall on April 1, 2012 at 7:00pm! Don't miss it!
I totally agree! I am imagining myself in the suit, I think it would be very eye opening!
Sounds messy. I'm in.
yeah thank you
well happy birthday! Hope you have a good one :). We will have to get together after the holidays for a cocktail to celebrate!
Hello- do you know of any lunchtime weekday group rides?
Or else would've breaked lose >.<
My own place of work stopped following me again
results are from a Web survey done by a major job-search website in Taiwan, sample=members of the job search site (3)
Going to trivia night tonight? Be sure to post pictures & banter to #AdworkersTrivia. Good luck!
It's gloomy outside. So hard to get out of bed.
Apple to unveil iCloud and new iOS, Mac software – CNN
Speaking of , if you don't follow this wonderful, witty lady, you're missing out. There's no better #Packers ambassador, either!
Aw shucks. We love you too!
#InterceptionGiants Yeah #giants , Screw you #TomBrady We GOT THIS
We'd like to acknowledge all our new followers from the past two days with a high paw to each of you. Welcome to the FreeHand Corps!
Thanks everyone , hope you have a great new year and a jammin day !
lol. why u yelling?
Seems like the Fords are plenty strong, but I wouldn't count out the Chevy's
just been looking for jobs. How was the move?
I would say..esp. when performing/playing, extra strings...Martin brand strings no less. Nothing but the best...and a capo.
Rosie needs her own show! She is amazing!!
Our work is cut out for us! Its a big day in #ERISA-world: final #feedisclosure rules, 2 new sets of proposed #IRS regs & stmt.
dont know what ur missin ... the hood where #REALITYHAPPENS real people not being pretentious and fake
not sure what you mean by respecting or "the fight."
Maybe if you didn't stay out so late, threatening to shiv some bitches...
I never get anything done nowadays cause I'm always on twitter.
no. We also wore nike high tops.
Christina Agulera looks so much better with her hair down and straight.
too bad only like 40 people went and like 10 were 8th graders..
Gone world I'm in alien
please follow me <3
Damn I'm mad Boston lost.
Good Morning #Denver! Just signed two new musical artist to perform at the #ShineYourDivine #event in June! Releasing all info soon!
I've never had that one. What kind of salt do the use?
Thank you so much for adopting Molly and giving her the life she deserves!
My son just broke the glass front on his iPod touch, anyone know the best repair solution. Best = least expensive.
In everything we do, our own thoughts can help us succeed, or they can help us fail. Maintain a positive attitude. .
i'm gonna tie you up with a bow <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
Just enjoying the sun in DC! Happy 1st Day of Spring tomorrow everybody!
damn right! My guy
Dont be black and play ball with Hispanics they get mad if your natural talent comes out.
we wish you would have been there too! Maybe next year.....
if segel is in another rom com I will fucking kill myself
it's like peanut butter and chocolate for B2B marketers!
I wanna sleep again -.-
how are you, BTW? It's been ages we don't write. Are you still in HK? I read one of your short stories some time ago & loved it.
And with that scoreless inning, Kevin Gregg's ERA is now reduced to 21.89.
Drinking an Ommegang Seduction and watching a Bad Girl's Club marathon. I can't help but love trashy TV
No it's fine #LIRR, make 10 extra stops this morning.. I don't have anywhere to be or anything.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
damn i forgot about that
Come warm up with some coffee or soup and enjoy a day of Playoff Football! As always HAPPY HOUR is all day, everyday!!! fb.me/cablecarpub
Day 3 of P90X. The hatha yoga was much more difficult then I ever expected. Long road ahead, but will be worth it.
How silly of me to try to check the #Apple store website on the morning of a major product launch ...
Louisville very tight
Thanks for mentioning us a few times on your website! We've noticed quite a few of your visitors signing up.
Working on a release schedule widget showcasing upcoming theatrical & DVD releases. Any parties interested in trying it out?
Thank you!
Success is contagious --- surround yourself w people who will make you better.
The only place we have to see before we die is the place of seeing God. And His presence is everywhere for those who slow to see.
I don't know how this happened but yesterday at practice we rocked out All The Small Things.
Whoa! You have such good taste! Queue up!
I want to go to there. via Nueskes: LuLuBayView Today's Soup is Beer Cheese made w/Nueske's #Bacon, Riverwest Stein, & #Wisconsin Cheese!
Please refrain from nuance except in the privacy of your own home.
Trying to get some more overtime in this week. Yay time & a half!
You are so brave. (Seriously.) No Highbury updates yet but lemme know when you and soccer are there and I can be too.
Eric Fingerhut. It's not about credentials, it's about skills.
Gotta always remind myself think before I speak
Zombie books!
gorgeous day outside
yes it is
That makes no sense!
Lol.Going through my timeline. Augs, you're such a bitch.Haha. Other people seem to think so,cause I lost followers.You're fired.
“: "covering" RT : Kobe Bryant now covering James Harden.” LOL
I hate when you have the lights on & your eyes will barely stay open, but when you turn the lights off to go to bed your not tired anymore.
well I'm not allowed to use my cam..
Actually, Heracles is the Greek spelling, and Hercules is the Roman spelling. It's not really spelled wrong.
Coffee. The most important meal of the day.
Remember me? I still own you a 100 dollars
Way to go girl! Look at you!!!
you guys should do a gifboom before you leave!
I Aint Gone Lie Imy And I Still Love You Baby Can You Take Me Baqk Please *Crosses Fingers* (close eyes) Lol.... :)
Just got done putting on all my make-up. :D
This is not the move
#TwSIG Natural impulse to be both introspective and to share that. Very human impulse to think about it, and share with others.
Been a fan since you were a gay car thief on
CUTE<3 there was never a time that you werent CUTE<3
It's better to have loved and lost than to live with an idiot the rest of your life :)
. pen pals
Sig line on a music forum I saw: "Ask yourself- What Would Ren and Stimpy Do?" Man, do I love that!
Shoutout to my #brother who is officially engaged!
enjoying a great conversation with a client right now!
Together we will float like angels
boat tomorrow<3
congrats on winning #TheVoice Truly deserved.
Body marked up like a subway in harlem.
I can hear your heart, crying out for me ! <<<<<< In my terrible singing voice :)
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook sometimes the website i use for free slightly changes its layout after warning me months in advance
Yes I don't feel like a lot has happened, but maybe it will pick up the pace soon. Why don't you like Simon?
Its good to see #Letang back on the ice!!
Getting my nails done with & <3
Potassium iodine pills to avoid #imminentnuclearcatastrophy? No need. I do lipo.
Late but delivered: Emergency Press Conference regarding the Labor Day Parade shooting- Brooklyn Borough Hall Wed, Sept 7th
Who's watching #USA vs. #ALG right now? Where are you watching it? We're looking for ppl's fav. spots to view #WorldCup matches
M&A Tip of the Day- Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned. Many issues can come up to plan is crucial...
All businesses have delivery needs. The question you need to ask is how dependable is your delivery service?? www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
Tryna Play Me? ? Not Easy
Any guesses on how many teens in crisis stayed at our shelter last year?!
Follow back??
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeye's over that bitch wendy. The funeral is at k.f.c. You going? Im taking the subway
I love new places to try!
Bigger #MLS win: Impact's victory at SKC, or depleted #RBNY escaping LA & their 3 DPs with three points?
People who do things just for attention <<<<<
Fuck I got cambridge
another opportunity to bring out the brooms. let's go !
I want Julie Andrews to deliver all my bad news to me. Getting fired or a family death never sounded so magical.
Seeing ourselves as others see us would probably confirm our worst suspicions about them. Franklin P. Adams (1881 - 1960)
wtf O.o why so late
I guess I'm more a follower than I realized.
glad they listend to your advice about river crossings!
lol were is your boyfriend?
i was at practice...
SUCH A GANGSTRESS..luv it! "'Is it possible to work with me and not fall for me? I jus wanna make this music money. lol.""
I'll b back b4 u know it
I was going to make another chemistry joke, but all the good ones ARGON.
Forever when it come to #bowltrain, but is killin it!
I'm religiously confused... o.e
like that lmao!!!
Mine and Carlos' pinky promise <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> >>
What is the one thing you must-have in your luggage when traveling abroad?
Everybody wants to be famous, I just wanna be remembered.
thanks for the #ff love!
I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 31:51 with Nike+ GPS.
Hmm, not really...
Made it to Madras, OR. Wonderful folks here! Overall I have to say - people are amazing!
Did you mean Adam Dunn? We have to buy out that contract somehow, and that is a genius idea.
don't look now but lakers are about to find themselves in a real series
Get to your television tonight. #SwampPeople is on!
Smells delicious in the bakery today! What's your favorite baking smell...peanut butter or chocolate?
From the movie "Hook", "I'm big to 10 year olds"
In live you must live the success before it happens, think it, believe it, love it, know it. Suddenly your living it
In every moment, clearly see the sword of mortality that hangs above your head at all times, and you will truly enjoy your life.
first day of Rabbit Hole - very nervous and very excited!
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Tue, May 15 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
"Practice Safe Sex...Go Fuck Yourself." Now that's a shirt you don't see everyday.
One of the Hunger Games' biggest lost opportunities? The score! The music did nothing for the film.
CAN'T BELIEVE # SCREAMTOURNYC IS TOMORROW!!!!hjruwhdwkju
chillin and you
#alliwantforxmas is everything from
Is it Summer Fridays yet? :) We did get into publishing for a reason...
Watching all of the #bond movies in order. At least the ones with Sean Connery in them. Diamonds Are Forever now
I believe I have the Lulu figure back at the house. Those MASSIVE figures, right? My wife claimed it, but I might have another.
PSA: if you want to do business, start with someone's business email or phone. Not with a Facebook message or text on personal cell.
Just like they say the best hoopers ain't in the NBA, the best rappers ain't famous...
RT Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?
School was okay today.Could of been better though.
Sigh ... Ive been awake since 4am ... might as well go ahead & get workout done huh?
Thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
It's about time!!! Aramis Ramirez HR #1 for the Brewers. That was no cheapy. Boom!
I wuvvv you(;
Investors wanted for Indie Drama. Budget is fully broken down. Plz review our Business Plan. Demo footage is ready. All we need is $200k.
If I had the chance to smack my brother in the face with a shovel I would..
- all i want is for you to tell me everythings gonna be alright.
Can't wait to see what you two come up with this time.
u and both! ;) Chipotle is awesome!!
I never thought I'd say this but there's too many marshmallows in my Lucky Charms -_-
i gotta split soon. who wants to drive to seattle with me?
doh! how'd I miss you there?
Go Lou! Helping us make Gone! Thank you SO much - you're the best in the world!!!
Do you ever make it back to Madison for a Badgers game? It's nice to see you former Badgers doing well in the pros.
Positive news they moved up the field now they are down two key olayers
you are coming over Tuesday!!! No discussion. It is happening! And we are making cookies probably :D
it is so good! Does the trick on sunday afternoons
My body heals extremely fast
i can dance an sing this away. i can be like fuck that nigga. i just choose not to. Don't judge me. i'm still a thug
I hear you're blowing up FB about sports bets. How about you pay off more of your debt? Don't make me find you again.
I'm sorry I've neglected you, Twitter. No more Foursquare-only updates. Promise. Plus, how else am I going to use my "skills."now?!
sucks don't it? Feel better!(:
I hate when I want to retweet something, but the way its typed annoys me.
Every day is a day.
You don't need power to have an opinion, or to do what's right.
Anyone have any experience with using glue in their mouth?
me too! think I'm gonna see it anyway, but still disappointing
I love pinterest bc it gives me ideas for recipes, clothes, decorations, etc. It's addicting!
What do you all think about Google+ 's new look?
Mom love music? Take her record shopping! Enjoy her favorite songs with her! Memories last longer than flowers.
thank you for your kind words during this difficult time.
Going to my first sleepover conference this week. What important thing should I put in my suitcase?
For whoever wants to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for me will save it Luke 9:23-24 HE>i
thanks and happy Easter!
obsessed with my new #kingsizedbed starfishing every night
Branding mistake made by musicians: being unique in an area that is not relevant or considered valuable by others
Smh I'm getting irkked. I wanna go home!!! I hate when I don't drive
booking travel is still a horrible experience. someone please fix.
Ran into #jkrowling today. Perfectly executed an awkward glance in her direction, snickered internally, then mumbled
Next race will be the Madison to Chicago 200 miles relay this Friday. We have a team of 11 runners, and it will take about a day to complete
I will! Thanks!!
"Blues guys don't retire, they just drop" - on NewsHour
People who put headphones on while driving are stupid.
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you really are." - Bernice Reagon
Feel the <3 RT : bWe're spending it together! :-)
that's what's up.! I know you balled out so no need to ask..
#BOGO at Edibles bar tonight, with a surprise guest bartender !
What are words if you don't really mean them when you say them ?
d'aw(: he's so sweet! haha i always think the best covers will be the old ones<U+2665>
But its gotta have benefits, living wage, and the golden ticket: stimulation. Something that challenges me. Thats why I did the phd
I should eat, but I'm not hungry. Only I've got a friend convinced I have an eating disorder (UNTRUE) who's checking my diet like a hawk...
'The Net' must be really confusing for millennials.
ok :D
ask your dentist but I bet local is okay and they'll know about delaying wisdom teeth removal
Looking forward to seeing our factoring friends & meeting new ones this week! Huntington Beach is a perfect location for
dayum haha well that was expected
Kate...why did you just send me the link to one of your ex-boyfriends youtube videos? I dont care:b
Rondo: Look at us will be fine! *drops mic & walks away*
That awkward moment when you're talking and you realize no one cares about what you're saying...
married his best friend two years ago today, but it has been 30 years of living together.test ifttt
this post by is by far one of the funniest things he's ever done...MUST read
Now they have a Trevor project commercial! Watching glee late... lol
you can custom build one, open up pandoras box
Calories are just little tiny creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little bit tighter every night.
none of the graphics are showing on my account all the avatars are blank in TweetDeck and Linkedin too. Any ideas?
When there is love, the possibilities are endless.
My insecurities could eat me alive.
Where did you acquire such impossible gossip?
Hey #Saints fans, fry some more food. This is going to be a fun night.
I wish some people actually thought about what they were going to say before they start spurting more nonsense
- a fine 2B and reportedly a great dancer!
hadn't really thought about it yet. Are you looking for a FireWire audio interface?
GOD BLESS
Whoa!!! Perks, somebody gettin a iPhone. Btw, that somebody is me. Yea
RT : . ' session will be a tactical look on how to utiliz events to source candidates. #SourceCon <-
Local ACLU raises concerns regarding recall petitions, saying process could jeopardize domestic Violence, stalking victims.
can do no wrong.
“There’s never enough time to do all the nothing you want.” - Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes << via ... and it's so true!
I can't even rub 2 pennies together. Smh.
Why is Sunday Funday trending. I hate Sundays.
your not? :o
only free evening this week! must be busy!
You've heard it a million times before, but it's absolutely true -- hard work pays off. Practice doesn't make perfect, it makes sense.
ACTUALLY!!! he confirmed it..lol
Over here watching Little Bear with Adrian . lol HEs really into the Tv he hasnt made a single noise yet lol.
follow me and i can dm you back.
Looking forward to first ever WPT series in Jacksonville tomorrow !!! www.jaxpokerroom.com for schedule. Was jammed there today !!!
Now you're feeling more scholarly I hope =)
Nope sorry .
#icantgoadaywithout working on 's projects. it's a 24-hr job.
I'm a pretty pony.
Hoping we get to party tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
lol what can I say!
1st interview went good now waiting on second interview!
I read her whole site. Tears!
Made some chocolate covered strawberries! who wants some?!
That sounds like a sweet start to Saturday.
notre dame looks decent this year golic.
lol! #minordetail well i'll probably be at the airport by the time you land! Yay!
Seems like the only caring & thoughtful thing I can do Micha!
Fasho n I'm FUCKIN wit gotti when he touchdown n MILWAUKEE...N GUCCI WHEN U COMING TO MILWAUKEE
Social Media Marketing Tip: Learn to write a headlines that make people want to read the rest of your article
real fans can't afford the seats!
what r Pobs?
not that I am a bitter loser mind u. LOL not me...:)
Holy cow! You've got some heavy-hitters on that team, TLE. Awesome! Bookmarking yer trailer...
Where did you get the EP?
Me too! RT : So excited for the #Tech11 craziness today!
has twitter shit just got serious
and earthquakes & Tiger Woods but I couldn't make those fit the photo.
Yep sure is better than plain old yellow. IDK why but I really got nothing else to talk about my brain is still fried from-
have you made it to the playground yet?
very humble by the help.
Had a random dream about .. Creepy. But he's sexy;)
and if that doesn't work you can just slap them.
Dear train I have a play to see tonight can you please move? Thanks.
We just launched the beta version. I will keep you posted when we go live. Thanks for the support!!!
Catching Someone In A Lie<><><><>><
Why'd you leave? ×(
come on!
Nice meeting you too, & thanks for re-following. Would it be less intimidating if I had said five feet twenty one inches?
Happy mothers day to all those moms out there!
why are you getting so fat?
Sushi with my soul sistahs
amazing! scarlett johanson does all her own stunts and its really impressive, well written and quite funny :)
I don't have an attitude problem-You have a problem with my attitude....That's YOUR problem, not MINE!!!
My third leg will be inspired by -- tri shoes ( Type A5's) and a backwards hat. 14.9 miles start in about 2 hours.
Tony P: Lots of trees down in the Heights neighborhood of Houston. Residents surveying damage.
You gotta believe in something <3
Well damn, let's go !
agreed! It's a new era > “: Love how Braxton and Kenny did the big boy drill before the game!”
Thanksgiving is the only time my whole family actually sits at a table to eat dinner. o-o
Espresso just might be the best thing that's not a musical instrument.
yesterday my daddy bought me a life size cardboard cut out of justin bieber.......best daddy ever
Republicans’ priority list: Massive tax giveaways to Americans wealthiest ranks just after an all-consuming desire to defeat President Obama
Loffler Takes Leadership Role in Client Support of Canon uniFLOW v5.1 Fleet Management Solution
-- Thanks for correction! We'll tweet again! Want San Diego wine lovers to know about your #wine storage facility.
The lakers on that bs 2nite dam Kme on!!!
I think you win on the "Southern Fried" review. ;)
have fun and drive safely. We'll miss you.
beach tomorrow! I'm a ghost so I'm loading up on sunscreen!!
Feel like #SkypingIt Anyone down? :)
ate what up
whoops notified
at the hookah bar with and having my long needed night out on the town... time to get fucked up!!! :)
lmao I guess
Had a call back in new Orleans for a great role in "hours" starring paul walker. Didnt get to role , but thankful for the opportunity !
Where can I listen some of your Music? We are looking to put a DJ on our Sakiri Vodka site. May we can ad your music to site!
Today, I Google-image searched "placenta pills" ... bad idea.
come over now before I finish all the food, haha.
yo - on parts d&e of problem 2 - what's the difference in input we provide for direct vs. fully associative?
Dancing my @$$ off!! Relieving of stress!! Sweating it out the pressure is the best way lol...
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
Is it worth the upgrade to IPad 3?
and then I think of Klein having to try to do that... And laugh, laugh, laugh. :)
Goodbye Cruel World (Gone Camping)
Twitter seriously has way too much drama on it tho'.. -.-
tonight's gonna be a good night. cuz tonight is Underground @ the wesley. come and worship with us!!! 8:07pm
Great testimony from students on SB 762 allowing more flexibility for high risk charter programs. We support bill as well.
ctrl-alt-delete, username, password, browser, url, left click, right click, security questions, why his wage slip was online now .
I started getting advertisers offering me $$ to plop their ads onto my blog. The range goes from $300 - $2,000. Lots of haggling room. Hmm..
What's your drink for Ken Burn's Prohibition? Mine's Evan Williams neat and Arcadia Ales Witsun
chicken kitchen for lunch ! thats that ishhh !!
Follow back Little monster!
That IS a pretty bitchin' party.
haha that's fine just glad to hear from you. Have a great April too!
Nothing's better than getting wet in the rain.
Tay Your Right :D
LOL I don't know what to think about that....
A true relationship is when you can tell eachother any and everything.. no secrets or lies
The next APS Holiday is coming up! Music a la Mode our music-focused day camp is a GREAT alternative to draggin' your kid to work!
PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTS: 25% OFF THIS WEEK!!!
FINALLY! If they mention you before a break, that means you're soon. Ish.
I take naps...
i am getting excited about #pbl but anxious that my being a new teacher plus a high poverty setting may make it ungraspable
You do this super cute thing where you dont respond to my texts for hours. Adorable.
cool, let me look at my schedule and I'll get back with you on Monday
follow me alex <3
how do writing and teaching work together?
I might, but it's not looking entirely likely. :)
I think I can use the idea of defamilarizing in acting
My dad is leaving to New York and New Jersey tomorrow :( for like two weeks..
I never want to meet you I like things the way they are
RT - My guess: There are more Florida alums in the overall Dolphins fan base than there are Miami alums
Wedding dress shopping this weekend! Hope it's a success.
I decided to research the best parts for each configuration and post the links for each of the parts on my website.
LOL. yeah.. i'm definitely coming now. :P anything to skip a week of school, hehe.
What, me play fair? Pfft.
y u so cute doe <3
Can't wait to watch #HappilyDivorced tonight! Its always a hoot and I love to laughm #FranDrescher spread the word.
Watching great pbs doc #HaveYouHeardFromJohannesburg - power of visual culture, people's protest movement, divestment, etc
u a monkey <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092> hoe ass nigga!
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
yeah :-P
wait what
Hopefully a younow tonight with ! RT if you're excited ?(; -Brooke
Did you know they can inject novacaine into your jawbone? This is new for me and I am now experiencing the consequences of this injection!
he did follow me and i didnt even know it
window of opportunity A WINDOW OF OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE MONEY - INVEST IN GOLD ;)
After see Diego El Cigala i feeling better,see and heard fusion flamenco/tango was one of the nice experience...grandee
I accidently tweeted the wrong person Ha! Oh well
I can't wait to see you on GMA and Idol I'm so excited YAY!!! :) Hope you have a wonderful Sunday!!! <333 Shan
hmm what to do today on my FIRST DAY OF SUMMER <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Star Mentors opens the doors for new seminar speaker members. For more information visit www.starmentors.com
Yo i think im ready.. God says otherwise, im on his time((:
We specialize in buying bank owned properties, foreclosures and short sales in South Florida.
looking foward to the match on Monday. My favorite against my best friend's favorite. The suspense is killing me! :)
Happy Easter from all of us at Western New York Heritage! Have a great holiday.
Those are always better than the angry, bitter ones. Though, sometimes those are pretty awesome too haha.
Darius Johnson-Odom runs so fast his own feet can't even keep up.
lmao....miss those days man
Gettin #sleepy Gotta get my #rest for tomorrow's game.
Why is it cold in the mornings and blistering hot in the afternoon.
Last 3 seasons under Bowden: 23 wins. First 2 under Fisher: 19 wins. Progress is being made.
Today in 1938 a colored baseball (yellow) was used for the first time in any baseball game.
I am wound up completely too tightly today. My heart rate isn't high, but just heavy. Lord, give me strength!
Big shout out to from &
weight loss can be great for men and women when using "Acai Berry" and other health and beauty aids.
Ddub does Dallas tmrw! That combo gets CRAZY!
Lol!! Not really!! It's bedtime!
i think i did(:
the reception after.)
Hahaha that TOTALLY seems trustworthy. Maybe they mean a lovely vacation in Jamaica! New York!
Well, a true optimist sees rotting fruit as an opportunity...
right now on FOX!
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people...."Alright, get in the basket."
Why does my best friend have to be grounded?! FML.
i followed please follow bak
Merry Christmas<3!
Only if I could of said I love her one last time :( rip.
hope comes to indiana on their tour with btr....
Free #Hawaii Island orientation now offered M/W/F 8:30am with free Mama's 100% #Kona Coffee tastings. Make the most of your vacation w/us!
Please welcome DeeMugga89 to the Max life
Dang but glad to hear you're growing responsibly.
whether its the water...or the biscuits ....Nashville is definitely having an effect on my music
if i were able to raise $450k on kickstarter, i could fund this label FOREVER
Youre either going to walk besides me or behind me because nobody walks ahead of me
Christmas shopping has begun. Oh, where? , of course!
For real though, why do we get so amped for fights that almost always end in disappointment & rants for refunds?
Some state #Medicaid programs do NOT cover heart transplants. So, don't be poor AND have heart trouble? #Legislators, we can do better!
<3 What a great day
Read "Academically Adrift" it tells how college profs dumb down requirements to get good ratings from students.
Holy shit, when did Clay Aiken start looking like Chucky??
when is the Hurricane bowing through LA?!! hehe
hell yea hit me up soon
Latest FBI tip on D.B. Cooper didn't pan out KOIN Local 6 News
Youre in way over your head.
Those days where you want to write, IDGAF in giant black letters, on your forehead.
Thanks babe. RT Happy Birthday lady!!
thank you! Xoxo
yeah totally already downloaded it !! It's great
I need more cowbell
u r welcome
#DreamJob: sex trafficking girls.
chicken nuggets <3
Thanks David! Treating myself to a BIG trip to Sydney!
and the local is Christ in his people. No building or 501c3 required
orange county sucks with all this drama.
Very sorry to hear about the deteriorating health of great blues songster (one of the last?) Nat Reese. He is in my prayers.
Grrrr I need to stop staying up so late and get back to my routine
#Paint and #Photoshop are not the same program. PLEASE do not call yourself a #GraphicDesigner if you use cheap clip art from the 90's.
After hours of blindly making tiny changes, finally resolved CSS problem! (Clapped and shouted "HA!" loudly; hopefully no roommates around.)
. travels & stays at motels, eats at crappy diners & sees comparisons. Shows how complicated the US is.
I hate myself
It's gonna be cold!If your pet is outside provide him with a warm shelter.He can injury himself while trying to find a place to stay warm
Who has the best website in the jungle?The Onlion King.
Westbrook...quit shooting.
LOL that would be funny :)
RT : At a meeting of Ward 6 supporters! Want to get involved? Let me know. GOTV!
Operation "Get Cute For My Maui Wedding" is officially underway...workout time!
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
Thanks for following Dudes go buy something for your chicks from her Etsy store. Chicks go buy something for yourself.
#FPRA media panel today. Good advice from - If you don't tell your story, someone else will.
To tweet or not to tweet? That is the question!
Africa = expensive. Crap.
aw yeah! Keep it up!
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Andrew Kennedy
So far, so good with the new job...really like it so far :)
your the 3rd person tonight to mention today - I heard it was started by someone from San Antonio
Your grandma asks to sew your jeans and you have to tell her that you bought them with so many holes.
Outta town again with the bro see ya H-Town
Welcome to Canada!
Don't you wish! Ha!
Nick Perry and on the same defense? Bad News Bears for the NFC.
I just wanna go home!
Driving & smoking with a baby in your backseat. Losers
I'm glad it worked out. Be sure to find your way down to Moscone area for a WWDC party so we can celebrate your new job.
Tonight is already looking bad
Evernote is really pretty awesome for to-do lists, journaling, notetaking, drafting emails & DB posts, etc. It's my new favorite tool.
Paid debt off then? Sounds like a good use. Heard that's actually what many Americans are doing this year!
Might be able to make the Teb into Bieb and have a Justin Bieber one...
Main Event time. Triple Threat as Davey Richards (c) defends the TV Title against Erick Stevens and Eddie Edwards.
I think your fro is cute too, and I'm not making fun
any paid internship or entry level positions available?
thanks so much for the #addy support!
BOTH!!! =) RT : #idRatherHave weed over alcohol any day.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Humor is effective in video, but writing humorous scenes is more difficult than it seems. Always work with professional writers.
Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked
if u hit me i wud of sorry
Somehow Old School at Noon always brightens my day.
I urgently need a filing cabinet. The cat has worked out that I don't like her shredding my notes.
Whatever you are be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
Say it like you mean it. Do it like you know you can. Have a great #wOmanifesting week! Let's go!
Got food poisoning bad and all my dad cares about is me missing work. Now I know whats more important..
i can't stop saying raise up lights now. ahahahahaha
There was a blank silence
Sasha on make it or break its reminds me of nick santino
[without knowing context for flights] would it work to fly to either Belfast airport and take the train/bus/another flight?
Thanks Yurop!!! I hope you are well. Get over to the site to see the new TV spot!!! Bravo Reality show Pregnant in Heels on May 3rd
Today in class we had to write an essay about our hero/person we admire , i wrote about <3 :)
heading to the naborhood salvation army to give them loads of old cloths and stuff
great show on Vegas Inc..
Hire Professional movers from All in a Box Moving and Storage to help you make everything as stress-free as possible.
Haven't been on twitter in forever..goin thru 4 phones in 3 weeks is not the biz. But praise God I have one now!
Not trails but a wooded area that might work. Good idea!
Thursday night Bulls party didn't have to be cancelled after all....
SUP. -Katie
Did she include herself in this number I wonder?
go on facebook and everyones statuses are about crosby<3<3<3
I hope tonight turns out great
Metrics are useful. Blind focus on them is insanity.
a lot of them were 2 track tape all spliced together!
How 2 Get Ya Music : Send Ya Music To We Will Review It & Send U There RadioPackages Info
What time is the reds game today?
the windows in my car look so weird they look heka foggy hahah i forgot i just got done smoking in their hahah - got my head in the clouds
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> so you still haven't told me how big Sean could wipe wale
Love too always part of
it's very VERY pornographic. My mom's reading it and she's like "O.O!!!!"
LMAO, yes it is.
thanks for the new twitter name ;)
Maybe I should just change my bio to Amateur Baby Shower & Wedding Photographer/Paparazzi Patrol! This is starting to turn into my side gig.
Go Bucks!
We will let you know when it is ready. :)
so when exactly am I going to "see" this?
Song #18. Kenny Rogers & Dolly Parton - Christmas to Remember
This MFker gone stop saying I'm insecure b4 I tell his ass a few things
Sessions moving fast for a guy wearing a diaper tonight!
We got love in a hopeless place.
cool. I have cut back as well. Although the eating better/exercise thing eludes me.
Really...? Really? REALLY???
trying to man. Ima lay it down and see what happens. SMH
First day of shooting went great! Good Job Guys, Cast & Crew!!
Just finished tracking bass for a new track. Sounding mint. We'll be releasing the new song on Friday. Stay Tuned :)
Another one bites the dust. SO sorry to see that the San Bernadino Valley Genealogical Society is disbanding as of 12/31/2010. ... sigh.
wow... Paul Ryan was just on Fox and called Obama "unpresidential." What a dick.
Listening to Pearl Jam and trying to get some work done, thank you very much.
"Catching up, then getting ahead." - (cc )
#youneedspeed made 7 beats in one day on speed once..lol
i should go to the doctor for my awful knee pain :(
If we valued education, we would not allow college fees to spiral so high that the majority of our college students drop out due to cost.
Yeah- although I was expecting a more self serving answer- like how changing up your look can inspire creativity
Congrats on the cubicle! I love having one! :)
Of nine lives, I've used seven...
that's the only reason they are ahead of the trade deadline. he bitches and they respond.
praise the lord for jersey mike's.
I knew tweet 8,401 would be important!
Ugh WM is 4 hours and im pretty sure Undertaker is gunna take up 1hour walking down the ramp smh xD
What happen in the past , stays in the past k?k .
#cil11 learning about iLike to create playlists that highlight new music at libraries + sharing podcasts on tech how-to
Wow those are some really sad looking kids
Ppl only do what you allow them too *
I finally have 600 followers!
Narrow your focus today and be more effective than yesterday. It's not about just getting it done, it's about doing each thing well. Go4it!
hope you enjoyed the show and thanks for listening!
.RT : Say ths 2 yr children NOW: "I will ALWAYS believe U if U speak up abt abuse, no matter WHO U speak up abt."
On the 42 from South Central to Leimert Park on what could be the best weather day of the year!
& I are telling Wibbels stories while watching a chick flick on a Saturday night.....can you say
heading to Sammy's now for some crawfish...love being back on campus
It makes me like Queen a little bit less each time I hear Freddie Mercury sing about how he doesn't like Star Wars.
Will be shooting the bicycle scenes for the first episode of "On Tap" today.
< he must not know bout dat hot spot lol
lol what happened with boyfran and u? Did boyfran hug u? xD
wholeheartedly agree.
Today is going to be a good day
... what am I being asked about?
Alkaline pH drops are the most practical, economical way to work alkaline water into your everyday lifestyle.
What the dizzle ? You kno you can't hide from cuzizzle. We fixin to get crUnK tonight!!
I ain't changed, but I know I ain't same.
all i watch is espn nd family guy ahah oh nd 106&park
AP coming out with pretty summer dresses *o* gimmmeee. I hope people sell them secondhand soon lol
That shit is funny, don't deny it.
Steve's cat has it out for me-the bitch gets more bed space than I do. He is evil and needs to be destroyed!! Haha
#FridayNightLights in Pilsen tonight - big game for Cristo Rey Boys Soccer, going for the division championship vs Northtown!
in my experience, kids aren't too particular though they would prefer somthing more modern. But many are just grateful for the visual
Thank you I LOVE YOU! I'm patiently waiting on that beast to drop her first project!!!
Christina () really fooled everyone today!The entire episode I thought she was dressing classy until she got up. lol
People don't cry because they are weak...They cry because they have been strong for too long!
you guys thinking of adding a tumblr for post school visits? I'm always happy to talk about out experience with it!
word.... RT : skinny niggas will never be out of style !!!!!!! gods gift to vagina !!!!!
Today is good to plan for your 2012 start the year off right.Plan for your 4 year retirement.
babysitting a -80 freezer at the tail end of a 12 hour day blows
's new album is kind of blowing my mind the past few days. Check it out you haven't yet. It's no joke. For real.
It's going to be a great week to reach out to residents of #Midtown #Milwaukee and work to help improve their neighborhood. Join us!
would've been nice if vanier had told us in the lab that we needed a signedNatToInt method in order for the tests to work
The weirdest ones are the ones that play Christmas music.
I've tried it all, aspirin, ibuprofen, oragel... Best medicine for a toothache: Jameson.
Can you feel it? It's $5 Martini Day! All specialty and regular martinis included.
So borracho beans are drunk beans?
Baby will you be my corona and lime :)
#RAWconf is off to a great start!!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 31
Your best friends are your worst enemies to you, they know all your secrets but they're friends because you trust them enough that they wont
: wow....now that tweet just won over my <3 thankyouuuu for the kindness.....hope ur tomorrow is wonderful! :)
Transp Sec LaHood concludes by saying #Indy is a model for public-private partnerships. Keep it up for transit.
I hope you and your friend are ok....i hope she comes home safely<3
I would care! I read all your tweets, just don't always respond.
Thanks for the follow. I'm breast cancer free 6 yrs later. Have a very unusual tale but not meant for all to hear.
be safe buddy :)
When MJ put his glove on the casket, it broke my heart.
Finally.. tomorrow it's FRIDAY!
if u say so
Note to self: When sending a fax, make sure the machine isn't in "copier" mode. 1.858.550.8000 copies is a few too many.
No Chicken!? or they just outta chicken?
I'm going H.A.M. Cam Newton
yes it will.
Well, beyond Shero, let's hope Staal WANTS it to happen.
Looks like #Uruguay for the #CopaAmerica. It's been fun to watch on
Ya gotta BELIEVE!
They just rang the sake gong at the Industry Grand Opening Night. CC sake buddies
you guys were busy playing mortal kombat in high school? I was going on dates. :)
Snow? Really? Is this a cruel joke?
court on friday
kayak is the most frustrating dip out there, by the time it cuts the flavor is dead
What happened to gnocchi thursday?
Our bullpen has been phenomenal...... 8+ runs in just over an inning? Wow.
Happy Mothers Day To All but Especially my mom
Ouch on that last retweet. Twitter sure knows how to get me angry :/
Happy National Sibling Day!!!! .. you're so lucky ;)
"Higher education is about 20yrs behind private industry in development of comprehensive ethics programs." Is this shocking?
Ran in shorts. Saw motorcycles, not snow plows. WTH? It'd be great if I didn't have a 30mi xc ski race to train for.
Badd Boyz wants to thank everyone who has tried us so far, & those who have been along with us from the jump! #thankyou from #teambaddboyz!
Wrote abt a male protagonist in my novel #perfectlyuntraditional.Picked up a fight w/t hubby coz he didn't act like him
You left a playoff OT game? Responsibility, sure, but c'mon. Tsk tsk.
Great job!! #groundbreaking2012 The National Museum of the American People is ready for our turn to break ground!!
Too dang tiered can't keep my eyes open
Mm mm mm I can smell a rat !
im already following you
Ms. Julia R. Brown and Mr. Davey S. Scoon Join Biodel Board of Directors
ohh Im about to pass out! I am so tired :D But before I do please please please make my tomorrow morning nice follow me?? ;***
Pres Obama voices support for same sex marriage, but N.Carolina and 30 states in America voted and say No. Me= Yes to rights,No to marriage
get ready to go to the salon and do my hairr ! :]]]
with a buildup like that, I'm in serious trouble! Can't wait for class tomorrow... Looking forward to it!
its really good when u listen to it you'll see what i mean :)!! what r ur favorites so far ?!
Watching The Incredibles in chemistry
Fear is the final frontier.
please use
RAIN!!! We have rain...finally...and its loud and windy and booming outside and its fantastic.
OK! We will have added security at the show too. It will be fun but safe fun!
why are you so perfect!? X <3
On way home from modeling audition-my Flirtatious Fuschia is a hit! FAV Fall fashion color
glad you could make it out. I know it meant a lot to him for you to be there
Happy Friday Everyone!
Yep. Game 1
class field trip to the ferry building (here til 12:15 if you're around too)
I own lunches in Boston...were you trying to get a little weird with that comment?
Um. What?
RT : "You let them other niggaz get the name, skip the fame/Ten thou' or a hunnid G, keep yo' shit the same"
THAT COULD NEVER BE TRUE
your welcome...XOXO!!
good stay out of detention! Well be back soon!
Ain't been too sleep yet.
work this afternoon was slow enough for me to finish reading a chapter on information literacy and a couple articles to boot.
Her Water Just Broke !!!!! My Baby Is Gone Be Here Today !!
they was hooping up there
#koreavalentine Your blood is AB and mine is too. We can't be together, our love is taboo.
Anyone know whether you can change your privacy setting for individual updates on Myspace? (NOT just set your whole profile as friend only)
That's a fun one to re-read because you pick up on all the little hints you missed the first time around. #libchat Q6
When you wish upon a star, you're a few million lightyears late. That star is dead, JUST LIKE YOUR DREAMS!
Happy Thanksgiving! We hope your day is full of football and family!
Up late with Ryan launching the 2012 version of
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Prayers go out to 9/11/2001. Our flags are flying
OH by : I feel like I'm 1 tweet away from getting fired every day.
She said she doesn't want to date anyone right now #SheLiedToYou. She just doesn't like you
Your Drunk Dials are my Fav.
ATL let's kick some #Celtics ass tonight!
I'm very excited about following this group and learning about gay writers and their books. I am a writer myself.
More: Hot Snakes, Thee Oh Sees, Flynt Flossy, Purity Ring
And a free bobble head!
Wilson Mizner~ Money is the only substance which can keep a cold world from nicknaming a citizen Hey you
totally doing it! Watching (from afar) as you go through the writerly process and I'm loving it!
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos get more exposure everything is free make your player profile today
<U+2600>Good<U+2600>morning<U+2600><U+2755>
My 2nd audition of the day and I got here 45 min early, 2 blocks away I found an awesome public horse ranch/park. I'm chilling til time 2 go
Why do college kids always reek of maple syrup? I find depaul to be the worst offenders.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana loud bananas
haha who just saw the mike tyson interview at the knick game
Hi, Damian sent me.
Crazy night.. as expected. Thanks for hanging out w/me! RT : My man is killing it!
I know missed u loads what's up
I'm surprised you haven't said your piece on Patrick Kane and his beerability! If there's anyone I want to booze it with it's him!
Bunch of good looking people in that one.
I can't live with or without you
watching #CastleAlways #CastleSeason4Finale again :D :D :D
I want to meet you while you're here! has told me so much about you.
I'M PLAYING REV. AL GREEN LIKE IT IS NOBODY'S BUSINESS RIGHT NOW!
AJAA refs got layed off due to recession and the NBA picked them up!
Today is my Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
You are very welcome. And let her know I think that's an incredibly impressive achievement.
Video is uploading now!
there's honey in it?!? CANNIBAL!
Finally have my cards ready to send out!
can't wait to see the pics--& thanks again for the ride it was great to be in your space! #antennahosts!
RT : "A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot." — Dr. Joe Vitale
J, just jumped into the Twitter-verse - diggin' it! Wanna come gig in Boston in 2013? Been too long-Happy New Year to the fam
#FridayReads I'm finishing my book club book: Mirage Man: Bruce Ivins, the Anthrax Attacks, and America's Rush to War by David Willman
#FF for foodies and tech fans
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
hahaha beats me and they are always talking to each other too and im like can you guys talk with clothes on
Got tweet but can't get link to work. Trying to i.d. shelter or at least town. May be able to help pups. Mama is tough call. :-(
Dear freezer, You make me SO hard. Sincerely Water!!! Klusoz tonight $1 Goose, Patron & Jager from 9-11p $100 gets you 3 bottles & Vip ...
Huskies looking really tired. 49-21, top of 4th.
Mark your calendars for Women's History month. Come meet Jenny Lind at the Castle in "Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairytale" on March 14 at...
I'm kinda excited to see Rihannas acting skills in Battleship. Even if the movie looks a little stupid & transformers wannabe.
I think has been referenced in nearly every panel I've been to. Museum world superstar.
love is nothing more than saying, I feel a connection, and ur an awesome person. I don't see how that is a bad thing to say
FYI.... I'm still pointing at the tip of my nose and saying 'hm....' to you down the hall.
Yeah. He's either really good or really bad. lol
Congrats....Brewers had 3 errors and barely won.
Thanks There is no sign up sheet to our #womenbizowners #networking event on the 20th honoring
You’ll really get the island feel as you taste the variety of tropical fruits that will be serving at Island Divine!
Not today, but previously, yes. At least once.
so don't follow. this is a nice post.
I'm always switching it up. About once a month I'll redo it just for shits and giggles. which i guess would make me a nerd, lol
Scratch "Buffalo Wild Wings" off yer #mnleg Senate bingo card (credit Sen Nelson) cc
Practice doesnt make perfect...perfect practice makes perfect.
So no need to sneak out of work today. Bossman just emailed me and said close up the office at Noon! :)
your twitter app has not worked in 3 days. Multiple reinstalls.
#ChiCultural2012 Grp1 for a cultural community to sustain itself, it needs to draw from other communities besides their own community.
Just listened to the tomorrow's episode of ScoutSoundsDC by and All's I got to say is "HOT DIGGITY DAMN!"
#maryjblige so tired of this story.
Miss u all <33
what's up D?
Oh the Beastie Boys bridge in Bleed It Out should be interesting. Excited to hear it.
#govconfecondev What are the chances of a double dip recession?
What are you uncorking to celebrate your lottery winnings?
lol u should kum to dallas it was 115 the other day lol
Q: if you leave a voice mail for your wife, would you leave a call back number? cc
If there's anything I haven't missed, it's shaving everyday.
25 days until the end of the school year.. That's 25 days too many.
New flavors galore! NSA Raspberry, Blueberry, Pistachio, and Fruit Punch Sorbet are all swirling at our Mesa location, stop by and try them!
its all this damn hippy decision making...consensus. shit never gets done.
My daughter just said 'wuv yu' for the first time tonight! 18 months old and making me enjoy motherhood everyday
Great labor day and long weekend.
Even Freaks Need Love Too....
Pope John Paul IX, bringing my black out shoes bra.
I'm so excited to go to all the concerts I have tickets for
IGo One Direction is on at 3:00 !(Virginia time) It's going to be the best episode ever! By the way, I hope you see this!
We are now taking suggestions for the Book of the Week club. First up: Hunger Games c/o
so great! My daughter is a huge fan of the movie / book / story. Worth a visit?
Someone going through a table, who doesn't love that?
I like to tweet <U+E405>
hey kiddo
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!!
And hot dogs...don't forget the hot dogs.
ok man. sorry for coming off rough on you it was a hard loss to swallow. espn was only worried about showing the 72...
last night got real weird
RT : I love this desktop wallpaper from It helps keep things in perspective while working too much ;-)...
The Hunger Games. Is on. My local. NEWS. JKASFKL;JAFLJAL;FJAF
I used to trouble about what life was for - now being alive seems sufficient reason. - Joanna Field
Watching The Movie #2012 This Is Pure Comedy. . .
is now threatening to fight Shaq. How much do you want to bet he sends his brother Ozzie instead?
Gotta get my rest for tomorrow! Peace out Twitter
HOYAS> Fighting Irish. Don't forget to support your Hoyas Basketball team tonight!
Google is apparently giving away free Android phones to Adobe employees. The phones run Flash, of course.
Just got my ears pierced at at the
Wow, #Community got Keith David to do narration for their faux-documentary.
#askharry how long does it take to do your hair? my mom wants to know xx
I appreciate that Moodle is open source, but it's still too clunky and non-intuitive.
Welcome to the Wired Waffle Crazy Train!
L'Enfant Plaza, I'm not a fan.
Love your coffee!
The promo for the Saints - Packers game got me thinking: Green Bay and New Orleans couldn't be any more different if they tried.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Thank yiu
yup love too
Just got back from sponsor party for Miami Dolphins fishing tournament. Jared Odrick is the largest human I have ever seen!
Come join us for Sakura Sunday Cherry Blossom Fest at Waterfront Park. I'm MC and we've got taiko drums, Japanese food & more. Starts @ noon
where going to malik
You can’t buy reporters, but there is nothing wrong with a little food for thought to get their attention. Send visuals or even edibles.
That sounds cool!
These stupid pants go almost all the way down and then stop so everyone can see your bony anklebones stick out. WHY?
Gilmore try to look a little excited.
So much going on right now and all good things! funny how your life take you on a journey that you never thought it would be!just embrace
I got u
So much to do at the Menil this week! Tomorrow the opening of "Richard Serra Drawing" & Sunday a "Final Farewell" to the Byzantine frescoes.
I LOVE YOU.<U+2665>
God bless you budd! You are an awesome man of God ! Keep loving on God! (= love you
hey plzz rt if justin bieber is following u !:) thanks$
Who makes Mayweather's custom clothing? Who?
Shifman: Michigan treats these kids like criminals.
i feel you on that one
So bored. Driving all night sucks.
No filming on THE DEVIL'S THRONE this weekend. Looks like I'll be a paycheck slave and then Adventures in the Laundromat to top it off.
#InstantlyFavorited RT I want to get Ratchet not now but right now
is this a joke?
Most people have the will to win, but very few have the will to prepare to win...
Well, John Travolta, if the allegations are true, you are a frickin weirdo.
Friends. My family is thankfully more south. I heard it was weakening.
Damn my first deal with reality today RIP #ChuckBrown Thanks for hipping me to DC & Go Go I'm sure DMV radio airwaves are rocking
Cool stuff! I'll make doubly sure to see it.
Ridiculously happy to announce that I will be joining as a teacher next month. :)
#MorningMotivation: A man is called selfish not for pursuing his own good, but for neglecting his neighbor's - Whately
Happy thanksgiving
RT :My pleasure! New book about #Constitution signers should be easier for you guys to work into your walks. Love what you do!
I don't understand if "mock drafts" project what one thinks teams WILL or SHOULD do. Most seem to be somewhere in between.
RT : Really! Are you kidding! I am in shock!!
Whenever I see headlines like these, I hope to god it's not in Madison.
Another beautiful winter day. I hope we make it to spring without a big snowstorm. And I hope I didn't just jinx it.
happy to help. Let me know if you have any #DAM questions
#IAmHappyWhen is following me but is he following me .No. Soo im not Happy :(
I want a motorcycle!!!
#Eating Organic foods is the talking of the town
we're going to try to make it! if not to the event, definitely to try the new menu. and SOON!
Took her to the vet, Taylee is fine, yay!! What else? Looking forward to a change on the job. Therapy for my vertigo. Dreaming of my home.
Waiting is the worst part! I guess Ill sleep on it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'm breaking out strobelights and glow-in-the-dark body paint this weekend
yes! Try to keep your limit to 10 a day, they are kinda addicting haha
great idea! CSS3/border-radius, floats, bg-colors, margin tweaks, z-i's and presto! It may just be crazy enough to work ;^)
Yes finally Zamir is back about time u ridicule someone else besides Todd....
Red Skelton once said to crowd that Helen Hunt had found a purse. So any lady that lost a purse, go to Helen Hunt for it.
haha, I look UGLY! But great times!
Seems like the bird man is looking at little worms online.. Shame on him!
#mscdeng3510 folks: don't forget to make Writing Center appointments with your partner(s).
I know! I'm so sad....I'm prayin to st Anthony!
Niggas wanna get paid get high get laid
yea right well Real Madrid has more than barca
Time to cut my nails.
obsessive behav is not uncommon in ftld. If it becomes too much there are meds that help reduce
you're right, everyone wants to hear an update of your life every hour
15 miles early this morning, Green City Market for fruits, veggies and to sign up for meat CSA, Bikram this afternoon. busy, busy day!
Take me back to spring break please
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : and i wish i could go to dennys with you.
these boys don't know
Hope them true red 11's actually come out this year..
dude this guy is my hero
FOLLOW ME UR AMAZING OK BYEE
Starting off the week with a great meeting! Let's build some websites!
Very excited to go on my first mission trip to New Mexico in June with !
yep. Got one about an hour ago.
Use promo code 'website'
After that play, I say
Rent our Nissan Murano for as low as $20 per day!
Thanks Lee. Where are you these days?
what time
give him the stick! don't give him the stick!
"I had heard my father say that he never knew a piece of land run away or break." -John Adams Autobiography 1802-1807
#bandsilove Fleet Foxes.
#Tired? Gum disease causes reduction in red blood cells & anaemia. Research shows 1/3 with severe gum disease had low haemoglobin levels.
I am still waiting to find out what magical things will happen in this year of 2012.
You love it and you know it....
I like the the guy climbs out of the toilet... Like I've tried it and it really don't work like that! Talk about disappointed
Only 3 spots left!! www.thecommercialclass.com
You're a wonderful fan AND person. We all love you! This is and by the way. <3
Have a beautiful and relaxing day! #HappyEaster!
too funny!
I have a few Google+ invites left, drop ur email below, download Google+ App, and u in....
RT : Water is the new oil says Elise Perlstein
I'm bored.... But I did take an awesome nap!!!!
oh well follow me though!
Mcgrady is getting off! Looks solid. Celtics must get some size on him ASAP
hey Jesse
You ain't been this high in a minute
I am slightly funnier. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Now it's time to publish it! Haha
I agree...he's been showing hints of this. So huge. Of course, it helps that Bo hasn't been pulling him after he misses a shot
Keep shooting, homey!
#BTRMagazine Us Rushers Definitely Need It!! We Can Never Get Enough BTR!!(: <3 1D Doesn't Have Anything On Our Boys!(; <3 <3
caught myself using "misremembered" in a sentence 3 times today. felt like
About what?
Can somebody tell me what a 'Haah bresh' is and where I can find one. I know somebody that lost theirs... -_-
..LOL..I'm hooked..just call me Ellie Mae..
Gonna be working on some new * Choreo!* this week. I'm excited about it forsure!
Lmao fuck chevron & their gas prices.
13 excluding weekends
FOX's comedy line-up for next season looks to exceed both ABC & NBC. is a star. Pairing her show with New Girl? Brilliant.
I'm too good for him, it's taken me 6 months to realize that, but I'm so glad I finally did<U+270C>
King's Horses, Ampline, United Sons of Toil and Perry are all playing at Y-Not 3 in Milwaukee tonight. This will be awesome. Come on down.
Naw u be on here all day and night...
: MAY 17TH. 6PM. AURUM LOUNGE. BE THERE. LET'S NETWORK!” IN THE MIX ATLANTA
“the most beautiful adventures are not those we go to seek.” - robert louis stevenson
wishing good luck at #headofthehooch this weekend! Brave the cold TN mornings!
what's your field I can check around
Please follow me and tell ur friends to follow me!!!!!
Being a good Auntie and watching the three monkeys tonight.
cool wit me I hope u have a great time and don't worry bout shit in Atlanta!! :)
any chance of you offering stems for shutemdown? man that song slams bro.
got to find a day that works. when are you free?
Pretty pumped to check out the Rockies and Phillies at Coors tonight
seriously though... too many girls would die...might be like that Jonas Brothers episode of South Park...hahahaha
My HTC has a 4.3 inch screen. A bit larger then an iPhone, but not too big! ;)
listing things that start with the letter D: dog, dance, donut
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard... Sale.
& of course no one gives me the link to the trailer...
Lol well it worked
Catered lunch is the shizznet
Good--I hope you do. :)
#FF Follow Friday
I am wondering why Dennis Humphreys wants to follow my twitters?? But more power to him!
Lamborghini mercy yo chick she so thirsty
get all the best off-beat sports stories in 1 place USSportspages.com
haha. I am sure you could use a pedicure or two
A great job today by Eric and Hector
Old Chicago downtown with the gang! :)
ctrl-z. really works.
did you leave Maggie upstairs or somthing?
Looks like we're drying up. Come see us for a hot chocolate and a breakfast sandwich to start your day.
Heck yeah! That was prob Tom, the man behind OBP.
Rick Santorum tells crowd in Sheboygan "Wisconsin is a key state."
Up in benihana eating up all the wonton with ...
#Photoshop #CS6 downloading now!
12/5: ISC hosts a fishbowl conversation re: info in sports and society with a discussion centered around MoneyBall. UW MGH at 12
When/Which?
where's miami?
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them.
#WWE MITB preshow starting... Not been so pumped for a ppv in years. Cannot wait to see Punk win and go out like a legend!
Crit Thinking: Bertrand Russell's Reference requiring that no evidence should be accepted without proof is called Critical Scrutiny.
as always!
D.Wade need to turn it on.
Working with Cesar Millan - "The Dog Whisperer" -If you want to know more about that side of my life, connect with me on Facebook! Ron Nash
Sorry, bro! I love ya, but gotta go with Chris on this one...MJD is my 3rd overall behind All Day and Matt Forte.
Oh, one more thing for the #Catfish - keep the name out of your mouth, K? Thanks.
I like.
Prop 8 overturned, now that's more like it!
There's "Analyzing Freud" (Friedman) but I don't know others... let us know if you find something interesting-
I was So excited to find out I had my first "follower" . . . turns out it's spam.
Growth everywhere. I lived a couple blocks from downtown, I should really get back down there, I loved it there in 1990.
You in LA right now?
LOL or just not versed in pop culture after 1965!
Good Morning World! Sliick In Effect! New Mixes Today! Stay Tuned In!
why do i have the mentality that will actually tweet me? -.- #ilovehim ): ):
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Costume Design, Resident Production goes to... Kendra Rai, THE GREEN BIRD !
talk about nyan cat :P
Here comes the first of three exciting, fun, crazy weekends -with homework and quizzes as the break between.
Damm not wasting time at all first day! lol
Freelance work?
just wait, it only gets worse
and staving them off with the ferocity of a brilliant success unwilling to accept mistakes.
You can't be stoped on Madden!
drummer boy and mistletoe
Thanks for following Tina & Welcome!
i love dat i watchin #40GreatestFeuds on and bout 90% of them are over twitter. lmao oh twitter rich people r funny
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read With loads of learned lumber in his head
damn cidermill huh?!? I like it...wouldn't mind getting juice wit u
You're still thinking about it #realitycalled RT : "Before you came into my life I missed you so bad" =great line.
I'm sure you still look adorable doing it :)
Bernie Madoff taking his talents to Wall Street
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me1
oh sister...it's a long, YOUNG story. :)
Covers of Beatles songs should be banned by international law.
You and me both. And frankly, I've had enough of it. That's why I'm on the campaign trail.
My Whole Life Has Been A Story.,!
Sometimes, when you imagine a perfect guy, you realize you've described a person you've known forever
In totally kind or kidding.
Sparknotes here I come!
Coming up it's "thing you need to know" and at 7:15, it's the Tuesday Morning Talkie for lunch for 2 at TJ's tavern; be here on Generations
We had such a fantastic lunch at Thursday! How I crave that sticky-toffee pudding.
Go c #ThinkLikeAMan great movie!
#FF for great coverage of HS Lacrosse and a little Orioles ranting!
a burrito .
CHECK THIS NEW JOINT PROVIDED BY ..... aLSO CHECK THE DRUM KITS AT P5AUDIO.COM.....stop getting the same recycled BS
Gotta pee but its to cold......
Im hungry...in the mood for some burger king.
Discussing views on 's #AIGA50 & mutually known designers & with 's at !
#RaleighRAW is looking for a DJ to spin at our monthly artist showcases! If interested contact !
Thank you for sharing your Piemonte experience in , great read!
BTW, I wrote a book on Betty Crocker, so your 1972 Dinner is Served is right up my alley!
just getting underway in Cincinnati. Bring on the first team.
will you make me one too :)
I guess it's time to retire my old driver's license. We had eight good years together...
Stuck in traffic on Johnston listening to NPR and working in an essay, in my head, on why I wear a cap.
Madisen is Shaunie, Antanae is Evelyn, and I'm Tami. Lol they said I had to be Tami because I'm mean. My language is NOT dirty though. :/
I love you.
Aww that's so cute! Your brazilian fans love you! :]
Awesome! RT : playing with #drupalCommons, getting my head around Panels/Pages, and loving the intuitiveness of Badges
Right back atcha Mac! It was a blast to finally meet you!
Like any generalization, spot on - generally. RT Social Media: CMO's love it. COO's are afraid of it. And CEO's are like wtf?
yes he will b 7 on the 19th.
You've given us ideas about our "parent" organization. /
#inferenceandethnography recurring theme-->chains of action
go to www.youcanstopobama.com! Sign the petition.
i have to ask. what is Namaste
Free classes tend to bring in uninterested people and the retention rates are really low. Not recommended
I look in the mirror, my only opponent.
I love NASCAR to. The power & love to "thrust". ;-)
And it's 4:45 already (time flies!) so, last question...
Been so long since I had a day off that I'm not sure how I want to celebrate. It's awesome though!
LET THE MARCH MADNESS BEGIN!!!
LOVE IT! Color club is a great nail polish line!
I was sad to see you are no longer following. Have a great week
Home making fresh tomato sauce after a good day @#blogher'10!
Can't get through the day without !
Frustrating times...
what else happened??? Lol
Seriously, I am marking out so loud at that remark right now its not even funny. I use Puck Yourself all the time.
#Gotye and #LanaDelRey are just amazing! We are really enjoying their music.
oh boy...you're not a batman fan or christopher nolan? : ( haha I am SO excited for it. did you not like dark knight?
dangerously close to my home base. call me if you're down to keep drinking? will have to hit that keg asap.
Only my mother would have designer cases for all of her apple prosucts' cables, yes for the chargers
I don't fucc with the Cops and I really don't fucc with Narcs
Yes, yes, yes. #goblue. #Michigan HC Hoke talks about the 1st night gm at Michigan Stadium vs #NotreDame youtu.be/Etc11Lc4j0Y.
Tonight's show at The Whipping Post in Union beach got canceled due to a downed power. We're very sorry but the show will be rescheduled.
the only thing the will be taking from us is a beating
Trying to control my stress tonight, which is WAY OUT OF CONTROL. At the 'missing out on life' stress stage, so... here goes nothing!
... so when was the last time u had the hicccidyups? lol
that sounds good, ESP since I just OD'd on mojitos. If only we knew the Mayor of U Street (ahem)....
Thanks - Wishing you a happy heart month and Wear Red Day, as well!
great job! Hope my next half is that speedy!
i remember, being the worst kid on the block...and turn out just above ok
Go Stars
It WOULD be, but chances of that happening?
Sleeping away for early wakeup for school ;( not lookin forward to it
Thanks for watching! We really appreciate the support:)
Nikon Store's email offer this week ... wait for it! It's ... "FREE 2nd Day Shipping!" (Hard to get all hot and excited about that one)
Goodnight y'all #godbless #DesperateHousewives lover forever
boyle was left speechless by hamilton's performance let's be honest
awh im jealous... il b here
we're on fire! it's been an epic day of procrastination for me.
Hope you are having a great week! Thanks to everyone who came to the show. We had a blast! Hoping to post a video in the next couple of...
I stay high cuz the world is so low.
did I ever tell you about the time we got pulled over in Novi twice in the SAME NIGHT?
Someone ate the tomato balls :(
<U+FFFD>PR people are doing themselves a disservice when they just treat journalists and bloggers like cattle
Thanks for the the follow, We hope you love our Style!
Never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake...
a MUNI pet peeve: when my butt and some other guys butt keeping rubbing together and he doesn't move. Sick of the butt rubbin!
Cotto needs Jobu's rum right about now.
I love walking into my office to do reference emails and find only a handful.
We're in a holding pattern. Mommy is good. Daddy is pacing. Lochlan is getting ready for his big debut.
: thank you
Dammit D.. Did you forget to listen to my pregame speech this morning?!?!?!
So are the Broncos going to sign Jim Sorgi to backup Peyton Manning now?
That's awesome. my gf works in a tough school they would love that kind of insight.
Misery, despair, and too much caffeine can only mean one thing: another all-nighter in the library.
#lax house
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-52
Wolverine is the Batman and Robin of the X-Men franchise. Surprised it didn't kill the franchise.
7 month anniversary!!!! Tonight is special <U+2764>
2 days of school
Rangers Catcher Mike Napoli took cell phone video of the storm at the Ballpark as tarps blown around infield. His video on CW33News at 5.
What a dunk by DeAndre Jordan
Congrats to AP for winning Pultizer for investigating NYPD's spying on Muslims. Kudos to &
#BigBlueWreckingCrew Lets go boys!
#TrueConfessions I am a liar, I care way too much about looks, Im not always the funnest to talk to...but im trying to turn it around
Dont follow your dream... Chase them :}
hey buddy!! (Hug)
Loved our scenes :)
Trying to write song lyrics & remembering why I don't do this very often. It's so much harder than it seems.
awww that's so nice of you
Where they filmed Dance Moms Miami is 5 miles away from me lolol
Unilingual: side effects include loneliness, being left out, forgotten, and depression. Talk to your teacher to see if it's right for you!
Congrats to Palomar on a great recording in millennium park. Audio will be posted to the acm site later this week.
Oh, we'll put you to work, don't you worry!! :)
help me get some followers plz and thank u:D
To work hard and dream of a perfect story.
So thankful to go to MOPS group today & share a devotional. Good times.
Austin. Mahone. You stopped breathing didn't you?
People try way to hard.
Ketosis. Body switching from burning carbs as fuel to burning fats.
I'm going to. I was a bit offended when u said I should take it down...but nvm, I didn't see it(:
either you think I'm stupid or you're an awful human being.
Video's a bit too salesy, I agree. They're an ethical company, but need to dampen the hype and just show value. Thx for the chat.
#NextStupidRealityShow niggas baby mama is pregnant and still fuckin
Hows $200 sound? I saw you said you'd like to get at least that much.
See everyone tonight at the MN State Fair at 6pm! That's where I'll be on stage at the bandshell! :)
Hall was so wasted he needed two people to help him move. He couldn't sign autographs only take pics and his eyes were half closed
I'M LOOKIN FOR A GEMINI CHICK
Me too!
I voted good luck to your friend!
Just got through cutting the grass. Such a great day outside!!
My thoughts are with Rep. Tamara Grigsby, hoping for the best.
The 2012 list is complete! To be unveiled soon... 101 new things to try in the upcoming year. Whee!
I wonder how old Jenna Jameson's twin sons will be when they realize they weren't the first two guys to be in their mom at the same time?
Landover's not far, I guess....hm...The old P.R.Harris Educational Center site would make a nice facility.
Up next: "Acrosonic Tonic" from 3-4! (aka the show of the person who updates this) Requests are welcome!
I was disappointed with the Grey's Anatomy finale. Kepner should have died. Not Lexie.
What Dickie V, Jay Bilas, or any other media personality say, won't change my opinion in thinking the rule is good for CBB
Nice shot, Tom.
It's the 2-week PhD workshop for online students in Texas Tech's TC and Rhetoric program “: What is #nar11?”
How I managed to stay awake all day, is astonishing. When I get home, I'm passing #TheFuck out.
Now that my days of Extreme Commuting are numbered, I plan to slow down and enjoy it.
Happy Mother's Day to everyone! Make sure you tell your momma you love her<3
Oh my....my face DID get rather sunburnt today...holy tomato
If I were honored with a lifetime achievment award, the highlight would be "jumped bmx bike over ramp into cul de sac, age 9"
Free..... Is there a such word anymore..lol
Managed to snag tickets to the sold out run of Festen tonight at Steep Theatre. See you there !
Hey dear how was Vegas?
A i let dis nigga get da FMG sweater niggas been hittn me sayn he been wearing around heavy i ran up on him n autograph it
Do you need to choose a school in Detroit for your child? Don't worry because Excellent Schools Detroit is hosting a school shopper...
Why are people tweeting about punching windshields? You will break your hand and not punch through the glass!!!!!! Don't do it!
bieksa is killing me this game
For Sale, Bottles of Collaboration TBA: Texas Brown Ale by Bear Republic/Fat Head's/Stone. Also more bottles of Pliny the Elder
you should make it on sunday to the next console combat monthly
If the whole world told me I should disappear could I fall right next to you?
I love it when girls have freckles :)
“: I thing I just found my future wife at this concert” bro..which one was she hahah
Eyes on the prize!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
6ft deep call u down 2 earth, pussy jump bad been down since birth
QWiPS appreciates the accolade! Enjoy using our App!
I want them :)
#babybeliebers are amazing they are so young yet beliebers lol!! Now we can get babies to be guy-beliebers when they grow up! lol
30 Days of Bright
Who is excited for the #hungergamesmovie? We are!
I wish that they didn't *HAVE* to start Kottaras every time Wolf pitches too. It's a pain against LHP. Wasn't an issue today.
We will be selecting our gift card winner on our launch date (Feb 1)! Keep retweeting this for a chance to win a $25 gift card to any bar!
Murray can get up to 4 years but the way things are going in California prison system, he will do only 4 months on 4 years.
Horrible start...
thanks for the mention on your blog! Just stumbled across it and really appreciate it!
six words for you: Billy Butler, Eric Hosmer = fantasy joy! When we goin to the K?
GYC is on Wild 107.5 in Portland, OR right now :)
Bob Dylan arrested? I should be surprised, but I'm not. He does resemble a mumbling bum from time to time. Still- the man writes a good tune
i have to get a Tet-nus shot tomorrow so i can go on the mission trip. D;
Just received new art in my inbox... I'm posting it the same day I post the character profile up on the blog... Which should be soon.
The biggest advantage of all is that on a mobile phone your ad is going to be the only one they see.
Sad to be leaving this lovely place. Amazing conference and amazing people!
So long beautiful California
Just got listed at www.TweetFind.com Twitter Yellow Pages & White Pages - #solar, #energy, #marketing,
I've thought about it. That's an expensive joke though. I have the Preston glasses and the Griffin blue shades.
Happy Easter did u have fun in Germany?
what are you talking about?
Anybody not watching game 7 of Capitals/Rangers rights now is missing out! What excitement. I love game 7s!
i bet ur mentions are blowing up.... sorry kinda lol
Soul Path Insights Business Consulting - Jennifer K. Garcia Business Intuitive Consultant Phone: 303-872-3719 Email:...
I am QUITE jealous!!!!
tees we do
if anything last night was just a reminder why i gotta get things back right again or at least try
Good Morning! Thanks for tuning in this AM. Isn't Eve Selis amazing? Send me your name & I'll have it sent to WILL CALL on Fri.
Knight Kiplinger asks, "anyone out there concerned about privacy anymore?"
Good for you!!!
Way too gone
Il be tonight, stop on by
Yes, that´s us! Hope you enjoy them! Let us know! Thxs.
I love how Tiki Barber has to eat his words what he stated about Eli Manning. Tiki should have looked in the mirror, no character.
it's Capri Sun for adults! To-go wine!
The Hunger Games book and Fallout: New Vegas. Today is as post-apocalyptic as they get.
cool doing a red carpet event with my PR....wish we could have meet up
message me on here and ill tell u! and thanks(:
You just responded too? Are you really that stupid?
still haven't got a call saying come and visit studio lol
Come on the field so I can elbow you in the face.
Who is Pandora paying for EACH song? YES, I'm still listening thanks for the reminder every 12 minutes
Hey! Do you know if SAG-AFTRA does political endorsements like other unions?
I notice I speak a little to early on things.
Ass clown
haha that's kind of hot. I want to date a girl that wears that
I NEEDA GET MY TWEETS UP LIKE RITE NOW
I hope you feel better soon. You need to take a rest!!
The fastest way to put cash in your pocket is to save money on the things you do every day!
What class in July? I'll be there from 7:25 am to 3:05 M-Thurs. When's yours?
I wish u luck with Caregiver book. Makes me feel good just knowing you are doing it.
You're not a psychologist, lol
its so foggy out.. and why am i tweeting from this account? lol no i didnt get it bck :/ this is just from my phone
Thanks so much!!! Help me get the word out. 300 more followers and I'm going to start some specials to get ready for the holidays!!
Don't forget the granddaddy of 'em all, the
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can talk to no matter what>>>
#PCA Kelly is very beautiful
Snyder: information hoarding not about sharing the knowledge, more about a sense of duty and a drive for preservation
I believe that Jews and Arabs may live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
Poor water pressure
Drummer from last band is telling off his band with a rap. Apparently, it was last show. Insane.
Inspiring afternoon meeting w CEO Mario Murgado and Thank you for supporting the
well this tweet was a surprise haha
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 6, 2012 Clothing swaps popular with shoppers Retailers from Gap to Urban Outfitters are already s
I am so blessed that my man shows me how much he loves me everyday.
Cool! I may need you to come to A BDAY party with me in buckhead wed. If u're free dude...
Hi Jim.What makes that stat scarier(from your vantage point) is that 4 of those 14 #yankees errors were from 1 player(sent down)
Have you heard? The big man is putting out a #Supermoon for this Sat's #cinkodedrinko - Road to show it LIVE!
Barry Bonds trial starts Monday the 21st for steroid use.
THAT NEW JENNIFER LOVE HEWITT HANDY SHOW ON LIFETIME WOULD MAKE A GOOD EXCUSE FOR A SNL SKETCH
its a #numbersgame,
reminds me of the the song with lyrics, "your so vain, I bet you think this song is about you"
“: As we go on we'll remember all the times we spent together.. #graduationsong” no don't graduate :,(
A BITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Your skate and shirtless + = really hot
They make an adorable couple. ": Watching the boyfriend episode. It's on right now! Love watching our Sadie, and I get ...
I was born ready. And then I made many meticulous script cards.
Getting ready to do some fall fishing on the columbia river....fall chinooks, coho...for sale hit me up....
lost 10 lbs over break while eating all the time and not working out...wtf?
Romney cleaned house with the "Republicans who listen to NPR demographic."
Mother/daughter hamentashen baking. I'm sticking to my guns and insisting on poppyseed.
we hope everything will go smoothly!
oww , you can tell me , i promise you i don't tell of more.
Alright. What should my 1,000 tweet be?
I love my parents!
Did I miss the Whitney tribute?
"Keep a grateful heart in every circumstance and it will open the way for clearer direction in all other things." - 1 Thessalonians 5:18 <3
Still. They drop that $499!!! and you go CRAZY. Then they tell you that was the base model. "Here's a Porsche!! No engine, though."
“Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.” -Jakob Nielsen
Bitch I'll respond 2 anything I want
Good looking out!
It's great how plugged in the IFA is to the needs of franchisees. Impressive!
#FavoriteLyric Nobody's Perfect Bae, But you're Perfect for Me
well then we're never hanging out again then
Even those flintstone kids suck.
hung over?
I wanna land him with trail blazers lottery pick
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features SMOKE.
Done with my Networking Class. Learned about the error message "Missing NTLDR".
you gotta make it way of the chi, you should figure out a way to do somethin out here, you of all people would get it done
Let's get the revolution of baseball in South Florida going, sir! GO #MARLINS!
He better go et me some food before I bust a cap
I want to be a country singer when I grow up.
bake sale in the library today, and I haven't snitched even a bite!
oh my god, what the fuck happen last night?! lol
Man fuck KOBE RT : “ Kobe is the man love him or hate him . . You can't stop him”
: cuz u need to come down here
oh yes love this. yes!!!
Got to drink beer with the head brewmaster for a couple hours at work today... Then had to do a breathalyzer test. I get paid to do this :)
She has you as her wallpaper on her phone. She likes you bro.
the thrill
I love u to babe:)
Can't help but think if schools stopped spending through the roof we wouldnt have huge student sent issues.
philly's young backup qb has the surname "kafka." i'd love for him to get big so we can hear nfl broadcasters use the term "kafka-esque."
we had a lifesize one our site for a while. want to get one?
hey jeremy, the music sounds great :) what are you using to record and mix with?!
oh SNAP!!! Didn't know I had it like that boo dayuumm.. well well well then. LOL
Trying to explain Twitter to Jenn...
HP, you were good to me for over 8 yrs but this Macbook Air has officially ended our love affair (and no, it's not because of your weight).
What time was the Clowe bench-poke check?
Why hasn't someone invented non-tangle paper clips yet?
Thank god for tomorrow because we can always try to better our yesterday. :)
me too!
miss you too sis! What you been up to?
Pink Kisses ;-o Muah!
Watching ABSolutely great teleseryes. =) ABS-CBN's talents are world class. Thanks to TFC!
Man, it takes a long time to put a wax job on a Suburban? All dang day, by the time I wash, wax, and detailed it. It looks so much better.
haha you go girl. She is just crazy. What teenager wants to spend their weekend doing 74 precal problems? None.
cleaning my apartment frantically so my mom doesn't judge me when she gets here.
No one, including you, wants or enjoys being criticised. We all need to care for & be kind to each other.
No piece of football equipment can protect players from brain injuries. Only keeping the CROWN of the helmet out of the tackle can.
Some days I feel like a broken record: "Please let go." "Can you at least put on some pants?" "Don't eat the chapstick."
Sittin waitin for my moms school to finish not fun!
Can't wait to move out of this damn house.
OHEMGEEEHFBGJUWEGFUWEVBWUQFGBWEUQIFGVB you guys are freaking adorable. <U+2665>
Saw at the WNBA game tonight!!
#Artfact- While it took Leonardo Da Vinci about ten years to paint Mona Lisa's lips. Van Gogh made approximately 900 paintings in 10 years.
I have never been so pissed off and irritated.
put your balls on today lol
good luck.. I'm sure one person out there believes in you!!
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs. 414-409-7263 in the Milwaukee area.
Man its good to see another Chicago battle rapper comin up. That young kannon battle was classic.
Love getting my workout in before 8am #guiltfree rest of day! :)
they r too cute
We are now working with Allergy Partners of Raleigh NC and list with us on SmartGuy.com at www.smartguy.com/profile/pro/allergyraleigh
Be thankful for the people that walked away allowing space for the right ones to enter your life.
U think u know but u have no idea
Well, if it wasn't love, it was a lot like it.
cheer up lexx! Hope everything works out for you
May the FOURCC be with you…
I Dont Know && You Know That Boy Named Chris ! Thats The Black BOy That Turned Me In For Doing Sexual Stuff With Him !
I did something similar. My class decided structure of final: essay & short answer. They nixed multiple choice.
getting ready to go watch my sons firs soccer game of the season......and wouldnt ya know it just started sprinkling
2011 is looking and sounding good... a new release from an old friend + 2 new compilations on the way this year! Stay tuned...
That sounds LEGIT! How far is Crystal Lake from Chicago? I would love to make it out but need to figure out DD situation.
catching up on i <3 and i can not wait for the last episode so excited!!
-_- I need to sleep obviously. I can't freaking text to save my life. P.L.U.R.<3
#RollDamnBounce going for 3 straight weeks in the money tonight!
still into preseason
what are you up to
That song Ryan O'Shaughnessy sang was obviously dedicated to me
whenever u get famous put me in. your video..lol
loved it! thk u! RT : Hope you saw and us on !
Happy 13th Birthday Google! You're a teenager now!
Wants to look at mind mapping and Jing, snag-It, podomatic
I think about food way to much
I dont understand why Cody Simpson is single! Have you seen him? I mean, really?
Our dress sale is coming up on April 2. Gently worn, but super hot dresses in all sizes. Email Rebecca at for more info.
After watching more reviews on the Toshiba Thrive Tablet, I'm sold. The external SD slot was a deciding factor. Can't wait for release!
Just woke up and now I'm chilling
Four Year Strong - Just Drive )
RT : Hey fans, help your Locos earn bid to host 2011 championship game! Head to games/support on FB & Twitter!
#Dipball is not open bar this year but 21+ will receive drink tickets!
Please welcome KeepSmilingTW to the Max life
She cant rap wats wrong with them!
Read them all at once! RT : A dyslexic man walked into a bra..
Four private events in two days for this upcoming weekend; it's not even Fiesta yet, and we're busy, busy!
uhm theres a huge bruise on my shin from busting my ass last night...
Girl you fine but if I tell you then you mines ....
#Today is Cuando!
I love that the music @ Por Que No went from Johnny Cash to 2Pac to Zapp & Roger
I make more money then my sister
NY RANGERS WIN!!! #NewYork baby!!!!
did u not read my tweet?!?
The biggest room in the world is...room for improvement.
Would anyone be interested in bringing me a Friday Fish Fry? I'll gladly trade you for a high five.
sounds good ;)
Delightful Pastries is on their 4th delivery of packzi for the day! Get them while their fresh!
is that really bad t Mac was nice and not enuff credit for passing ability
Attitude is everything.
for sure. I've been good bro, just graduated from Mizzou, so I'm home now! How have you been?
like my man Justin Timberlake says Cry me a river!
If I didn't mention this before having the official section be called "Free Shit" just made me like RR that much more.
Leaders work 2 build trust from top 2 bottom in organizations at every node #leadfromwithin It smooths out mistakes; making them repairable
Hey #NHL, please explain what the hell an instigator penalty is, that is if you even know.
Its a french thing! RT Someone at the bar across the way is drinking red wine. At 7am!
I hate how in basketball all these girls are all in your grillBut in Probasketball there not Make me so mad -__-
A bit depressed about being away at Christmas. Trying to find peace about it. Rough night for me. Dry it up!!
preach! But really, are you surprised?
Thrilled to be joining all of you for #flipclass chats! Have a great night!
Kill the waaaaabit, kill the waaaaabit!!!
Taking a walk with Olivia, my little sister(:
A whopping 20-40% of adults seeking treatment in STD clinics have evidence of past or current Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection.
haha i met them for the second time on saturday night :D
Yes. According to , FUBU is trying to increase its market share in the booming business of black college athletics
Why not see yourself as magical NOW? Because everyone's doing it? So what... you are powerful!
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Tomorrow! RT Be sure to watch ABC World News Tonight w/ Diane Sawyer! Survivor and staffer Jan will be interviewed.
I love downtown at night :)
Gathering junk to fill Emma's car for the Sparks trailer shoot on Saturday…it'll be a fun day!
i want to see you. send me an sms
THANK YOU!!! You give me a #FF Mention and my whole day brightens-what can I do for you in return?
i dig both, but end up lisetning to the Nirvana one more
I want new teaser justin !!
{blinks slowly} No, she is me. There is not two of us.
John Mayer - Friends, Lovers Or Nothing - 10:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Haven't seen a single episode (my loss). Too much great TV for one schedule to bear. Now digging "Veep" &, yes, "Girls."
It's gonna take a while to take all these bobby pins out of my hair ..
Grateful 4 and church family for your love and supportl As we are being taught: SIGNAL- DEMONSTRATE - RESULTS.
Kim Kardashian is hot!!!
RT : Anyone interested in a college football fantasy league?
ebook search would be more useful if it trawled Borders and Sony. something of a Fail for my purposes.
And Peeps!!!! “: Pretty soon its Cadbury Egg Season!!! Oh shit”
RT : Happy to Report: Advanced AV was Awarded the Integrator Growth Award for 2011 by #in CONGRATS!
and damn it I forgot sungdong cafe last night because I was so sad i went to bed super early
I still miss you girl. Can't wait to see your face again. Love you and im gonna play my heart out for you today!
what's Louis my killa?
maybe she's doing the catering for Hel's table ...
I swear to both o you guys I am moving to new Boston I I was messing I would of stopped it by now
Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad. Stop by for lunch. Mango shrimp salad. Mango shrimp salad.
She always picks the worst music, though. Not that I don't love this song, but for a routine? Meh.
who is the wizard?
I saw it hit 2140 - thought I could get a jump on it!
Good Morning..! Hope that we all have a great #FOLLOWFRIDAY ! #ONaMission #MMA #Strength&Conditioning
Wanna hit the cookout
Excellent race today!
wow I didn't even know this existed! So cool thanks for the RT
that's the motto ! Lol
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now.
dropped my week old green pastures cod liver oil/butter oil blend. broke and spilled everywhere. nice, love watching $ wasted... UGH!
my mom is in Alaska with my brother and his fiancée. Seized the opportunity to work:(
Cluster feeding is just as it sounds—when a baby occasionally decides to eat more frequently than usual in relatively short period of time.
imagine what I'm like to people who aren't my friends. 0:-)
Nothing like 4:30 practice to start your weekend off.
Soc media assmts work when everyone does part or grp is lg. AP kids frustrated. This is learning community. Dig in, all!
Oh! Good luck!
hey dude, I'll be behind the bar all week. Come by!
I miss Ali all the time! I just sit at home and cry all day!!
You';re on there. Very gladd you sent the request.
These Soul Jazz Records New Orleans Funk Comps are American Treasures made in the UK. Six sides!
I love how and both retweeted me and never followed me... No I shouldn't be complaining at least I got notice.
Ditto. “: There is no ad I loathe more right now than the incoherently crying mother and daughter shopping for cell phones.”
Surprised it wasn't shorter.
Snagged so many ARCs today. Bags are so heavy! Must stay out of exhibit hall for rest of day.
Landmark is playing at the Waterside Wine Bar in Phelps tonight...stop out and get wild with us
skyping with is a great way to end the night
"rage-stroke"!
Fair and 66 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are West at 11.5 MPH (10 KT). The pressure is 1011.5 mb and the humidity is 5
thanks! yeah, Scott was definitely cozy with me!
i will be! also, trying to figure out my hotel situation if you're interested in rooming together and haven't booked yet
Wat's up with u?
letting my nails grow again -.-
RT Obama said he supports gay marriage, R2-D2 and C-3PO are now waiting for his stance on droid marriage.
So glad I'm off this weekend
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
define occasionally!
Thanks for the heads up!
,Did Fields do something to coach,cuz thats exactly what i ve realised.its like JR gets licence to stink up the joint,not fields
Never drive faster than your Guardian Angel can fly.
RT : #AACR: "Accelerating Science: Concept to Clinic" focus on -omics and translation. Will there be evidence?
I meant it when I said I don't regret it . Not . At . All . Not one bit .
oh, I missed that. Well, happy late Bday. Hope you had lots of fun :D
bout to go take a shower tell me if i iss anything followers!
Watch out for Alligators!
even with the elbow? this sounds like my nightmares. can you move?
Espically when he smiles its like my body is ready.
Happy 75th Anniversary Texas Credit Union League!!
right on my brotha! Hope all is well w/ you G!
#CHI2012 closing plenary...Any tech can be used for good or bad. Hugh Herr's work is beyond good. An inspiring talk.
C'mon over! Bring the lox!
Want to learn to cook? Have a Party you need help with? Let me, The Single Chef help! You can contact me at Matt
congrats and cant wait for tonights new ghost adventures...:-)
Your main tweeter is In case you were wondering. It's nice to know who you're talking to, right? :)
Being on top of the world doesn't mean anything unless you know what it's like to be at the bottom.
discussing proposal to put sponsor logos on jerseys. Overdue or Armageddon?
Ok folks, looks like if you want some lunch today we just added home made gumbo to list. :) FREE
“: Expo Line Phase 1 opens tomorrow! Where will you ride to?” The future.
My lemonade girl is growing up
ok...ttyl I guess :)
Oof goes on the fritz right when I'm supposed to help a colleague with her profile
It was because the promoter we were going through hadn't sold enough tickets and pulled the plug last min. Sorry for that!
Cohen: cinema's post-mortem of photography in REAR WINDOW
Whatever you've been told, you're worth more than gold!
My mom says "hold on a sec." screams at the top of her lungs then asks "now what was it you wanted?"
So I'm EXTREMELY ticklish and everyone's starting to find out, so now everyone comes up and just starts tickling me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
That's not real irony, that's Alanis Morrisette Irony.
Friends of Bleu unite!4/19 RatPack themed patio opening party!.Sig. cocktail & cigars to mark occasion! Invite only.Email bleu
Spurs next.
My boy is precious. #icantwait20days. <3
Be On Endless Moves !.
Never settle for anything less than the very best.
awww Happy Birthday to the hubby!
WOW!!! I miss my hometown and cheap drinks. Enjoy.
Catch Me In London With A Brawd Named Tabitha!
I wonder where Tom Pippins got his toupee from
It's already windy in Westwood! : Winter winds are blowing in a chance of hail and thunderstorms through the Southland today.
Up to pee & hack up a lung at 31 past EVERY SINGLE HOUR last night. Good practice for baby. Hopefully babies are more fun to get up for...
You think you got to me , i can just read your mind .
No. And with a war in Afghanistan and kids in hoodies being shot...I mean, I can't get worked up about this. I just can't.
After sitting on a panel with , went out for dinner and all four at our table ordered BEEF! Mo!
Where we at?
Wow, I really do make amazing chili!
Yes, I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for.
Had really yummy gluten free cupcakes tonight! If i have celiacs, those were totally a ray of light!
Hey don't know if you know but we are engaged
um, maybe you should avoid tweeting this information?
Film/TV Pros! Military Veterans are uniquely trained/prepared for the rigors of filmmaking. And, they all have stories to tell. Hire Vets!
thanks doll!
If Zollo and Wiltjer arm wrestled it could be the boringest hour of our lives!
Just saw "Stick Fly" on Broadway...excellent! Official opening night is Thurs - check it out.
Today I learned that cheerleaders got some balls
life is too short not to have fun? Everything in moderation including moderation.
I agree! I have already checked out the website and I might have to get some. Thanks for tweeting them!
There is nothing better than the early night sky.
No matter what your Reds do, they'll still have Dusty and his wristbands, which is an obstacle that can't be overcome.
Had a good new years with all the fam n friends , but now im exhausted as hell feelin like I'm on a hangover n sad thing is I don't drink !
i eat 16 saltines then i lick my fingers....
A little substitution never hurt anyone. RT : ": favorite Mellow #Pizza Pie?" The Hawaiian with pep instead of ham.
haha yes. That would be sweet!
Got some cool new stuff in the works. It's gonna be awesome.
Being effective is more important than being hard-working and do only what you add value to, from
our pleasure. thanks for doing what you do for #fostercare kids.
no problem...thanks for the RT!
Hey! What's up?
definitely a goal :) That or back to my home town :)
we appreciate it!
definitely! shoot & me a date/time that works for you.
So the question is - do I write another goddamn adventure book? Or the one that wants me to write it? The tough one? The dangerous one?
Beach Blazer - A Motorbike Coaster - Paradise Atoll . air time
What would Lesnar do?
don't really see the mets on a TT either...
"Buzz Williams is looking fancy tonight." - that is a good way to put it, ESPNU.
emails keep reminding me to make vday plans and even Jordan decorates for it. Hearts. Everywhere.
bless up.
he's a lil punk, let him go, he'll never be good enough to feature at Arsenal
Car just limped 25 miles and coasted the last 100 yards into my mechanics parking lot. Dead on arrival. Guy behind counter was impressed.
Either I'm getting sicker, or the spicy food I had for dinner burned by throat. Either way, it sucks
I think that I will need more coffee
-troll face- It was on my dash. It was worth looking at (a few times)... (ok more than a few)
There are only 4 days left until elections. Vote this #Nov8 for a Republican State Senate.
the starbucks on campus isn't bad. There are tables and chairs open
3 hours, 9 minutes and counting. This is 1 reason why I don't attend church regularly. lol
Memphis fans booing a injury. Classless bums
The typing teacher in Tex is actually the author of the book, S.E. Hinton.
we're paying like 25+ for some high high seats lol. can't be spending too much money~ we're broke-a** college students :)
Does anyone wanna update me on BTR? They last thing I knew was that carlos got a new dog and kendall was in bali
pleasure is ours, your guides are a must read!!
I just called my mom to wish her a Happy Mothers Day and I lost the call waiting war!
#TheVow comes out on DVD today. Gonna be a good day today :D
expressing& confessing on this page thats nota counciling session but helpin me quit all my sweatn on this rage in my chest like a 12 gauge
Thanks for the follow! We met after the Cirque de Soleil show in Cedar Park. introduced us.
If our children can tell us their favorite video games but cannot tell us their favorite history facts, are our children to blame?...
newww piccc, kinda blurry on twitter for some reason
Enjoying a quiet Friday night in writing a press release and then relaxing.
The #AOSL Working Groups: Educational Practice, Research and Workforce Development. Each of 3 conferences build on the work of these groups.
RT : We have a goal, to gather as many TEDDY BEAR stories as we can - please share it t, either here... fb.me/y3FoxK0j
Just threw out 150+ dvd cases that cleared a whole bookshelf, put dvds in case. Gotta downsize, the moving will help you ramp up
that's what it is you need to be a women zydeco star go for it I need me a slogan to call a woman
When you're trying to concentrate and you have assholes thinking their fingers are drum sticks
I heard you!
I'm going to be living in the library for the next three weeks
Time to start the next season of #primeval, got my dinosaur mug in hand... I'm ready!
Come on in and enjoy our special on American Honey Hurricanes! Delicious with an appetizer or all by itself!
hm, trying to verify my name for google....lol
Really mean. But made me laugh. RT Billy cundiff tried to hang himself after the game but couldn't kick the chair
I promise someone is gonna fall off the set by tomorrow's last scene!
Anyone interesting in networking with professionals involved in the home warranty industry please check out the Linkedin group, Home Warran…
I am elated at the street named after Bernie Mac in Chicago's Englewood neighborhood. Sorry I miss the dedication ceremony. It still hurts!
I heard you go some soft lips
Goodmorning from Boston National Historical Park where we are following #ncph2012 !
can we get a quick flash??
9.) I don't care how I look or what people think of me because I know I'm pretty and if you hate thats your problem
I sure am glad I can get my coffee going on sheer muscle memory.
Its funny when i see people lock their tweets like someone actually cares about what stupid shit your saying.
Springdale AR for a shoot with Wal-mart World magazine.
Personally thought you did awesome and looked amazing :) I know I said this before, but you need to be on #SYTYCD more often! <U+2665>you
“Mental toughness is essential to success.” ~Vince Lombardi
RT : "We are not a non profit organisation, we are a 'For Purpose' organisation."
<----SHE RIDE ___ SO GOOD:-) ...My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things lol
I just texted you
Loving black fri. The friendliness and sense of community. For the most part people are in good/kind spirits. 15 mins to test that theory.
My own money
thank you Irene
Cuddling's chill. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
And I said that his defiance of your classification isn't "obfuscation". Your classification is oversimplified.
Reading Agatha Christie's Death on the Nile, and envious of the aristocratic Brits who can pop off to Egypt on a whim.
I am really enjoying the new Defenders series. The art is not my cup of tea but the story is good.
thanks for RT.
Make your own luck. -Rob Dyrdek
Anybody happen to have access to a shop vac?
have a great shoot day.
Hope all AU students enjoyed a spring break filled with rest and relaxation! Safe travels to all coming back to campus!
It feels like every muscle in my body is sore.
Living the Dream and Helping Folks find Great Deals on Houses,.. I LOVE Real Estate!!
that picture was cute. :)
i'm done with mysql.
“: Florida Bound. Much needed vacation <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>” so jealous. Have fun!!
How can a Microsoft atty present on contract issues in cloud computing when Microsoft won't negotiate those terms? Just sayin'.
Wonder how long it's gonna take for him to txt me. Hmm.
Thank you for the RT and mention :)
haha I've never heard of these songs lol but I like that one song by bruno mars it will rain!
Last night was just amazing >>> i love my bestfriend :)
M(S)LIRBI a.k.a, MY (SOCIAL) LIFE IS RUINED MY INTERNET
RT : We're opening on Thanksgiving Night at 6PM for the 3rd Annual DingleFest.
Braun on base for the fifth time in this series. Still hitless, though.
Table Read a Success!! Got lots of great ideas.....back to the writing board! Thanks to everyone who participated!!
yesh me too I miss yoü too aahh yes I'm okay Are u okay ??
Hello everybody, I am new to Twitter. I am an author. My newest novel is Bluegrass Betrayal. please visit me at www.robertmonahan.net.
Demographic modeling tricky business w/a history of abuse. Understand the "ick factor". Trends in article are interesting, tho.
LIFO bad. The new 5th grade eng tchr is great, has brought in new technology etc. So backwards how this all works...or doesn't.
sometimes i wonder why we're even friends......
- yeah let's hope not!
cousin! Came cross my mind. When u coming back 2 the states?
Me RT : All the black bitches mad, cause my main bitch vanilla.
Do yourself a favor and watch
Hang out with me and during the Super Bowl. And go to fb page and tell us your fav commercial!!
How can one local poet get involved w/reading? Is town residency requirement a must?
RT : FOLLOW RETWEET THIS NOW & ILL PROMOTE YOU TO MY 23,100+ FOLLOWERS! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK (MUST BE FOLLOWING ME)
Hahahahahahaha damn right
it would be even more lovely if you were in Arizona .<3
Thanks for following! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Wish I was going to be able to watch all this game this morning. But unfortunately have to be somewhere at 8am.
i hate fake shit and fake people are even worse you got people going out of their way for you and not one person has something to show lier!
I don't come up with zingers like that too often, so when I do, I'll certainly take credit for it :)
Thx for the #FF, lady! Love the new profile pic too :)
HARRY POTTER PART. 2 IS FINALLY COMING ON T.V.!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some people talk so slow and explain the most obvious things you just feel like your brain is dying listening to them
anything else planned for the night or no..
Friends with benefits are kool, friends with money and excellent!! lol
Gossip Girl. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Chicago metra commuting: 1 newspaper reader to 20 mobile devices. Average newspaper reader: age mid 40s and up.
#PCA I love Demi song its awesome she could be a little better
what in the world I will be productive in the morning I cant right now smh
There's no worse feeling than that second I'm sure I'm going to die, after leaning my chair back a little too far.
Today felt super long!!
"I wasn't that drunk!" "dude you found a watch and changed your name to Ben..."
Newman: How do we connect culture to class? And how do we do it in a way that is popular and able to travel beyond academia?
Lion King 3D was more like Lion King 2.5D. But that doesn't mean I didn't still cry when Mufasa died.
Newest member to my Precious Gems team, Rayza Delvalle from Central Falls, RI 02863 WELCOME RAYZA:)
still awaiting tweet back. i know he's busy but i just love you ryan!!!!!
Friday... off from work and out in the streets.
And my dude does it again
Brewers on Deck, anyone?
Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
I Like My Girl Thick, Not Just Kinda Fine.
FREE LOTTO TICKET ! TODAY FROM 2-4PM ! WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!
Happy 'A' day Liars
right tho. I can't speak for all
I don't get it. What's the point of being kind, showing interest & then *POOF*. Just makes you look like an asshole, haha.
Ugh... train is broken this morning. Off to my bike.
chump mistake..ya need to be jettin on
NAP TIME before I edit the rest of my reel and stud for psychology!!! I WILL GET AN A ON BOTH OF MY FINALS....IN JESUS NAME
I'm over homework oh and the days being too short
To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
I'm ready for San Diego on Friday. Even if I won't see you, I'm going to have fun. You can avoid me, but you're still my friend.
he puts the MOST over used ones too. You'd think people would know it was from twitter. Lol. But I feel you!
"Twitter is stressing out a bit right now, so this feature is temporarily disabled."
I like how it gives you the same output no matter what you put in.
That post card is being looked into.
Eh its alright i think everyone loves they just pretend to be disgusted & annoyed by the
here you go..tell u what trans-shit man...why don't u just caps lock yaself to death!
Sorry, I meant to hit reply. The PDS site comes up fine on my device. My phone keeps crashing maybe b/c it's old not yr site
Thanks for the #FF! Have a wonderful weekend!
Lets go again
can I get your other half?
Game ends on a diving Braxton Miller TD run that the refs said the edge of his foot was on the line. Final score 20-14 Scarlet anyway.
May be time for a Blake Island excursion.
"I'm cool with my own thoughts." is probably my favorite line from this episode of "Veep."
Hello brad Richards thanks for showing up today. Overtime baby
Don't pay more for the same report! Pay less for the best RSRA report! Order at www.Phasei.com
#HISD Supt. Grier says they're working hard to determine cause of student sicknesses last week.
The spirit of God is strong within Jeremy Lin. That is why he is very successful, hot, and in the zone in basketball and everywhere else.
This just in Sea World San Antonio will be closing today at 1 due to the bad weather.
love the new avi!
thanks guys for the answer..
If you dont want a sarcastic answer.. Then dont ask a stupid question kaay?(:
dam hearing amor de lejos reMix With Jowell y Randy :)
What is this thing called sleep?
Woke up to Drake's show at Radio City on FuseTV, the god father out there holdin it down! #Salute !!
What a great atmosphere! Honduras takes the lead again with just over five minutes to go! 3-2 over El Salvador
move to NYC!
U are now,... ENTER the ZONE
festival July 13-15th in Chicago looks like the indie lovers wet dream! Insane lineup.
and quite large...
trying to solve a mystery - did you go to Wheaton North or Wheaton Warrenville South?
Honestly, I think is one of the best people ever. Okay
Thanks girl! It is Valentine's day after all.
Tried wearing organic? Be surprised with high-qual organic cotton-you feel great. Softer, durable.Save the pesticides. Not bad for a tee?
it was already determined that it was mini earthquakes.
P said they got that dilly doe lls
someday I'd like to have a real housewife of BJ
Whaddaya know, John Bolton & John Yoo collaborated on a OpEd piece this a.m.
Can't wait till summer
I'm at the girlies lol :)
I think we're doing a pretty good job listening to this lecture. I mean we are on social media right now...
I'm not lazy. I'm just really frugal with my energy.
Slightly Off-Target - Wired News
heard it was your birthday! Happy birthday dude!!
way to go! #superhero! Most people like Mon. but I too prefer Tue.
My head hurts -_-
yeah!! Right on.
I'm guessing you don't use public transit or bike anywhere.
If you love two people at the same time, choose the second one. Because if you truly loved the first one, you wouldn’t love another one.
Russell Wilson is Hawk!
Listening to Jonny Craig bc reasons
Goal by the one and only whatta shot
PASSION, LOVE, COMMITMENT!
I am so sorry you're sad right now. You seem to be having a horrible time. I wish I could help.
People go see live! Stickam
Thank you Suzy. Wishes come true with UNITY! take a peek someday! Thanks again have a great day!
Take it to the head.
Hey Pete, don't let the door hit your vagina on the way out.
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
My heart goes out to all y'all twatters tonight! Sleep tight everyone and dont let the bed bugs bite
Danny O'Donoghue is extremely good looking....
but gay ass made it better <3
you are. 12But while it is true I am a redeeming kinsman, there is another redeemer closer than I. 13Stay for the night.Then in #Torah 66/99
Need short term or long term storage? We're a safe and secure solution for your business.
oh no! Sorry about that.
You do but those are your experiences/point of view. Dialog is better than no dialog. Your statements are worrisome, though.
warehouse district for drinking. Chuy's for lunch. Zilker park.
I know!!! should be a good crowd. I leave on my golf trip to Orlando the next morning!
Yesterday was a late-night I will never forget: 12 expresso shots; I hope it was all worth come Monday....
Good pitching & we're ready for the 11th. Go
Wow! 's twitter following grew from 1600 to 17,000 during the September blackout.
Good morning everyone! I had a fabulous weekend, and I've decided I want to start Mondays by sharing something around LA I really want to do
The notebook is amazing <3 I want love like that someday(:
This desk in miss dorritys class had Nigger carved in it. Hahahahaha
Tak for spreading the word, Craig. We are always about Quality Over Quantity. Good People Know Good People.
I normally would've liked that play, but Chalmers hadn't hit anything outside all game
Right now twitter is not on and poppin
Appreciation is a wonderful thing; it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. ~ Voltaire ~
Feelin old... I have to do a tutorial to figure this social media venue out. But I will update once I have my mind wrapped around it! 3.2.1.
What's there to do in Kingsport tonight ladies and gentlemen!?
ha aight yo hit me up soon for the music video so we can have a meeting...
I love that you are such a Mavs fan! Just another reason why I love you! Thanks for your support!
#20ThingsAboutMe i can read people good & i can always tell when somebody full of shxt ! idk i just have that gift lol
Who's got my copy of Josh Swiller's THE UNHEARD? I need it back!
I tell parents employers want problem solvers , want to hear about failures and how person handled past failure, I've been asked
tonight, we are young!
YOU CANNOT BE ABOUT ANYONE'S BUSINESS IF UR NOT ABOUT URS FIRST. REMEMBER THAT WHEN APPLYING ANYWHERE.
Just contracted a gig 2 give a preshow talk 4 an Esperanza perf. Gonna wrap her in2 a mini-jazz bass history presentation @ Lehigh U, 11 Oct
Today, I began piecing together an article showing Flavius Josephus & Jesus of the New Testament as having been played by the same psycho.
shit I am tellin you dont be putting my business out like that
We're seeking money, not to change lives.
They lost me then won me back over time! RT : You know who is amazing about this? They are awesome both...
Death could not hold HIM down! #Jesuslives !
#RollTribe shots for that
Has anybody seen that Grant Hill commercial telling you not to use the word "gay" as an insult? It's pretty gay.
Im getting pretty hungry ..
hey how r u?
Clothed mouths dont get fed
still waiting for a Kabul traffic report
THATS WHY YOU ARE ONE OF THE BEST
yep, Sunday schedule.
when you find out let me know
yes! that's a more positive way of looking at it. My question: who the hell do they think will BUY it?
Hi - just sent you a quick email about tonight. Would love to connect.
San Antonio can thank/blame me for bringing this weather back from my trip to Memphis. Nice to see the rain, but rather see the sun.
Love at first sight.
*Mad-Lib Monday* I need a verb ending in 'ing', please! (Example: Running)
Missing Eli Rabago has pink shoelaces in honor of his aunt passing from breast cancer.
I appreciate the #FF thank you Mitchell.
why spend your time & effort on something that wont benefit you in the future ?
Shakespeare & Company just made a cameo appearance in this movie. Wonder if the Watchers still run it.
i hope i havent been a fool all these years. that would really suck. but to bhonest wit you things dont look good they dont look good at all
full metal panic
Saw you from the opposite end of the Nave today! Shouted to you (in vain); waddled back to type class.
my balloons are starting to shrink *sniff sniff
It was good to meet of ...even though he clowned the way I slid him my business card.
Happy Mother's Day! We wish a playful day to all moms everywhere today!
lol that used to be our French class but then we have a dif teacher now and makes a learn a lot:( its hard.
Just got a free donut from a strange woman while waiting for the train.
if you wanna know what orange looks like....look in the mirror.
Kitzhaber: will not allow another execution as Governor.
you crazy bitch wheres the cream filling?
I just can't get you out of my head
We're excited to help you re-live memories of the King of the Cowboys & the Queen of the West—passing their inspiration to a new generation.
Thanks for the #follow! Hope you're having a great week!
okay cool
haha oh but I am.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)10
“: #NBA - #Bulls G Derrick Rose to make return from groin injury Sunday vs. #Knicks (1 p.m. ET, )”
Same! I always seem to miss you in the office. Seriously though, I learned more in those pages than any PR class.
Heard a great conversation with and Robby George at Princeton today. was missing out!
man... Yall hoes got room.. It wouldnt be right without thw who is me
RT : Remember tonight,while some teams are trying to patch their biggest holes,some teams will re-enforce their greatest strengths.
Glad you liked the infographic, thanks for sharing it out to your followers!
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children | Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Baby u are now and will always be my everything..
Thanks for the follow! I'm not a conservator but have academic interest in publishing history & book production. Cheers!
haha hayy #HAPPYSTPATRICKSDAY hope everyone has a good one!! I'm having such a great morning lol
But as a movie it's pretty entertaining. Next up Hubert Selby documentary!
omg I hated that with a freakin passion. Id look at my teachers an be like dongt talk or look at me its too early
Algebra is so boring. Ready to go to Jackson tomorrow with Nick & his family. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
It's amazing how quickly I reverted to my shy, awkward kid-self when I met and
Why are some people so dumb an immature? #annoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
These bitches running around here looking like "Doug" and shit! Lol, I can't deal!
Went on a Trip with my daughter. Its was about ways 2 Stop youth violence about speading luv not hate. We need that everwhere LOVE NOT HATE.
Ready for Eric Church?!
Let us help you with Fresh and Creative Promotional Product Ideas!
LMAO Love your discovery of Guitar Hero v 0.5
how was to day
5th helicopter I've heard this morning. Happy #MayDay yall!
awwe how cute :) im glad you're are going after all or else i would've had to dragged your ass with us haha
I hope I have nothing due tomorrow because I opened my backpack a total of zero times.
Awe my bong broke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Great job. Ensure you start slowly but be consistent. Play it by ear. Small daily consistent effort is crucial. Enjoy!
Just took a Tom Hanks A League Of Their Own piss.
Follow My New Page .! :)
is setting up 3 DVRs, while I get the iPads and lapgoing with Twitter feeds and Sky Sports Radio.
"Muffin Cap Back Blue!" - Kevin Heart
* tummy twins ! . hehee :D
PEE STREAM, Y U FORK AFTER SEX?!
this is hilarious! thanks.. had to share!
I just remembered that #newgirl was on tonight wahoo
ugh that sucks so much huh lol
Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly. George MacDonald
Describe the patterns of immigration in 2 of th periods listed below. Compare/contraste the responses of Americans to the imm
Thanks for the Three Sisters Springs RT! :)
That answers my previous tweet. But I think he knows what's coming. RT Day four, no Blago verdict. Jury goes home.
Just sayin' - ignore me, see if I care.
Remember when coachella was last weekend?
so cute :)
So nice to "see" you on the radio. Smart and funny. Great combo w/ Traffic on TV didn't do you justice.
Salt Lake City for the weekend to celebrate birthdays!
what happened!!
I like #boys who can dance! RT if you feel the same!!!! :D
girl book that darn appointment! I love you I'm just STUPID busy.
EL chat in Connect right now :)
okai so ima make a fan video for Madison who wants to be in it ??? TWEET MEE :)
"Know or listen to those who know." ~Baltasar Gracian
Best time to come to the is 930am, it's empty!
- - you know i`m very excited about this :D
lol ouch, I'm going to be your bff throughout your whole life, you wait and see. You might even get sick of me, but too bad.
La mega is poppppppppin right now !!!
happy birthday!!!
im soo srry i cried on u yesterday lol i just couldnt contain myself
ive faked my own death at waterparks all over america.
Watching speed like it's 1994.
never heard from you!?
thanks for the invite!
I mean, without D. Rose they definitely need Deng in there. Team is not looking too good though.
my sister was like there's someone from your work and I was like omg it's Christian!:)
Thanks! You've summed up my feelings also, haha. I live right outside the city but work on Cap Hill.
First driving class -__-
S/o to my new follower !!!
Ima be trying to set aside around $100 every friday for la. I dont need dat much for la. Because its not that hard to get a job in la!
New year's fast approaching... And I hope and pray that 2012 will be a good year for me. Please?
yeah both times they preformed he was frowning :/
I'm not saying I'm for the acquisition. Just saying that deleting your accounts today seems a little rash.
Exclusive: Bo&#39;s wife dressed as Chinese army general after Heywood death: source
MILITARY APPRECIATION! Soldiers, let us be your designated driver! Bricktown Shuttle from Tinker AFB! Reservation for 15+ pass for $15 each!
Thanks to The Week Magazine for the love!
thanks. I hope all is well!!
I see you changed your name too, its been awhile!! Wow
Without the right urban form, it's tough to get anyone to walk. But using "sense of adventure" to fake it till you make it is interesting.
Touche', I have on Final left.
What I would do to be in his embrace again...
Nialler , Come On Please (: #NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D xD it would make her life im sure !
Get Packing my Friend. The only way Ron Paul has a chance at becoming president is if citizens storm capitols ENMASS
Ditto Mike! How are tricks?
As MKE welcomes President Obama today, please be patient as delays may occur due to the presidential motorcade, especially near Master Lock
Bad week for NY Sports
Finally got my phone
We will have it sent Monday Thanxs
Congrats, can't wait to see you on campus! RT : Accepted to ! This is the best day ever :)
Seeing the Vow tonight!! So excited<3 <3
since my district now blocks twitter and every other cool thing I can find on the Internet, it makes it difficult to do my work at work!
Started project w/ consultant today. Took five minutes for the first Office Space reference.
I just finished my latest CEO profile, doing what I need to for me and One Ent.
#FF because it's her birthday! Happy birthday!
Thanks for the Following Pat..I need Your permission to put some of your music on our web sight.. Let me know Ken
Scheduled for dinner with friends tonight, dinner before big game on Sun, then dinner again on Valentine's Day - Just being a Husband :-)
Mets are now 2-0. It is clear we are going to go wire-to-wire.
Sometimes help comes from places you never expect.
That's it. I'm running for president one day. My major in college is political science.. and boys :)
I look nice today? It's not like I dressed up or anything. :P
Flash back: saddle rack parking lot.
#PeopleThatAngerMe the dam police!! RT If you fell the same!!
we were watching!! =)
“: Yes. :I She's suffering and shit. :/ it hurts me seeing her suffer.” WTF? R3aLlY?
agreed, and it's not relevant and extremely obvious.
Son of the mask was lame as shit.
Ikr:( I Miss it!! I am trying to get as many hats as Austin(: Whats Yhuur #? Not trying to be creppy.. hahah!!
Studying history since 1982 allowed to write Discovery of Witches in 1 year #USC #writers conference
Nice weather for a morning bike ride down to the Metro for first day on the job site. Here goes!
70 degrees today 30 degrees tonight
Good morning today is a new day where I'm going to start fresh
agreed. Nothing Greater! What's your route?
Some times its not the best to just race in the back have more of a chance to get in a wreck. Wish race driver realize that
I thought it was really sweet how in Austin said not to hate on his haters <U+2665> he's such a sweetheart!
I didn't hear you call me by another name, but certainly won't turn down a drink. What did you call me?
Sorry, Fremont - hoping yr parade soaks up the rain for ours. Is that bad?
mobbing ain't shit else to do
Oh....I've got all kinds of ideas!! :) 160 characters won't do it though! LOL
“It Simply IS” Dewarren Moses – I’ll Lick You And Kiss You Like A Lollipop – Available on iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby *** Soul, R&B
“: . you were lost in the sauce like a boss!”
Time to get serious about this project.
Looking forward to this week. Just set my personal calendar although I haven't made decisions on a few time slots. Too many options!
Have not written about the almost-kidnapping in Kosovo. It did involve a Macedonian angel w/ a Michael Jordan keychain.
good morning
meet u @ The bar @ the Fish Market @ 5:30. U could never be broke wen ur w me.....
Join us 11-17 for an evening of art and health info! "Art of Living: One Breath @ a Time" COPD, - Asthma, free scrngs. Art!
Wtf i got written up at work again!
thanks! Always sad to see the fair end.
Sad about MCA. I was just wishing for some new stuff from the Beasties and now it won't happen.
cool shirt man.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. ~ Lao Tzu
Yes, I was a bit confused lol. But I figured it was spam.
let me tell y'all. I'd be DAMNED if I ain't walked over there and got my purse.
most of the text i send/receive are from my roommates...90% of those are when were under the same roof.
Justin why not you you want to give your telephone number?
expecting insightful tweets from you Friday whilst you absorb wisdom. Do share with us lowly plebes
I get an email from Abercrombie every week saying "It's the last day to take 40% OFF"!!! wtf!
Hahahahaha are you serious ?
RT : Going to give a try. It has OCR so if you take a picture of an article, a search for keywords will put it up.
They called me up to the stage and said " Eric Zabaleta come up please" I felt like doing this ---> +-.-+ ITS ERICA
You think 7 years for a mirror is bad? Try breaking a condom!
Someday ill be tall skinny & famousRT : hahahaha you are totally her. But thats the only similarity. :)
Never thought I could walk on fire and not get burned! The things we can do with the right energy and state of mind.
Excited for my 2pm shampoo in those fancy chairs! Thx fo squeezing me in!
Not sure why Im just asking this now but how do researchers determine actual effectiveness of particular political ads?
Yay! I would do it on every sunny day, but living where I do, I feel that would be a bit much. And the Shell by me runs out.
Just got an email from the "B" with a zip file attachment about a "complaint." Wow, those hackers are getting really clever. BE CAREFUL!
kickin it at the studio
what number u going 2 wear in MIAMI ? nice backround pic hahah
My investigative story "Car Buyers Beware" with just got nominated for an #Emmy award!!
Word up is following me.
Alright I'm done annoying y'all. Goodnight sluts.
at least it's not mr Moore...
Be healthy and positive, have faith and see your greatness
I'll race you!
Ask me about membership to the club.
WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE FOR ME TO DO
Wow. RT : Did you know? More than a third of builders say they use a tablet PC like an iPad for work.
every bit helps #yearlingfund thanks again !
I like a woman with a future and a past
friday night in milwaukee..anything can happen
Long line of cars heading over Loveland Pass WB due to I 70 fatal ax.
My night was completely made by this!
Sometimes I wish I was a white crayon. Then no one would use me :c
Ugh I'm ready to get out of Michigan
Hm. What book vs. what show?
Yep no problem, hopefully you'll be able to make it! :)
The latest security trend... what works ...what doesn't...tell us your story in 150 characters.
2 things in life that will carry u a long way... Common Sense & Common Courtesy
Sorry guys, I've been watching baskeball #Celtics and Hawks tied in middle of the 4th. Pierce leaving it all on the court.
It feels great when people come. Not so much when they leave. Feeling lucky to have amazing family and friends.
Ordering from Ching Hwa!!
Yes, yes he is.
Stand by your man.
RT : Breakfast books are now available ! Just dropped them off.
Haha I Still Listen To Chiodos.. Such Good Music..
i don't cus because i am in god hands but forget u
Yes! Let's go Badgers!
Wait, did I just hear speak *against* UT-bashing? The devil is throwing ice cubes in my drink.
Gonna tear shit up tonight.. Maybe :)
hehe thanks again :)
you should be in Bloomington!!
Omygod. I'm now one of those idiots with a cracked iPhone screen.
1st prep class was a success,did some across the floor&learned a fun dance.Next class is Aug 20th!Register here: www.toroshomecourt.com/prep
oh boys will be boys
Maybe ciroc will revive me
you are welcome. that song always lifts me up. Are u willing to work in any part of the nation, 4-year or 2-year institutions?
to receive a free EP or LP from one of our Plectrum Artists!
I missed a big day yeaterday. Busy today too :( Good luck
I sometimes wonder who who actually dongs some of these chicks and gets them prego. Guys must not have any respect for their cock
Surrender is the place to be right now! Only
If a poker operator is not operating within the standardized IPRA agenda, then members will be informed & can choose to boycott.
Time to send out some submission queries. Six months is way too long for someone who doesn't simultaneously submit.
Hug momma for me!
Aint been getn on twitter muh here lately what the fuk is up folks!?
Soo tired! Contest was awesome! We got a 2! Yay! Went to chilies to eat! *whoop whoop* Go Cats
On the way to some crazy BBQ place in toano.
OMNightmare. Nice find. :)
The only problem I have in the morning is what to wear. * opens closet*
Great day developing relationships with camps and future camp counselors.
A bad bitch up on my a side and she giving brain.
please follow me! I'm a huge fan and I love you so much! PLEASE FOLLOW!
Tim Tebow caused 316 virgins to immaculately conceive when he threw the winning touchdown in overtime.
I always end up sitting around the house thinking I have to go to work soon, when in actuality, I usually have 3-6 hours to do something.
Mitt Romney will be at The Angus Barn in Raleigh today.... I wonder if he tips as well as Peyton Manning does :)
Dobby's Sock. :P
“A true friend is someone who thinks you are a good egg even though he knows that you're slightly cracked." ~ Bernard Meltzer.
Go Hard
Thanks for the help with the Band of the week poll! I think we'll find out today if we got it... We love
I blame any problems in my life on the construction that starts at 7 a.m. every day outside my window.
"When the studebt is ready to learn, the teacher will appear."
Exporting the video for the last choreography session we had yesterday. Lookin' pretty sweet so far!
Awesome Advice!!
Crocodile Hunter with kevin :)
Beautiful panoramic shot timed with Obama's shift into America's fearful doubts.
Sorry Laker fans... I see a season end in the near future.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> #LakerNOShow <U+270C>
lets convene for a debrief on IACRL and the semester!
So after prom im deciding to get my hair cut , im excited , I know how I want it now
Instead of thinking God is not going to come through for you, stand firm in your faith, and know that it's already done!
already knew that. “: The music video for Britney Spears' “...Baby One More Time” was shot where the movie "Grease" was filmed. ”
I stop to watch it every time :)
I always get butterflies around him ^_^
Can almost guarantee now iv left my house it will start raining
Happy New Year to everyone out there. I am officially off for the rest of the year
heyy:) got bored so i tweeted you! ;)
be some laugh I'd say
Just smile <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Happy New Year everyone! We are #Back At Work today.
The friendly AI barely react to your commands. Regroup does not mean run ahead of me and get your ass killed.
no don't lol I didn't delete yours!
Its Day Four, Melberth! Only 27 more days to go. You're welcome! XO, Your favorite Booker.
KU palyed terrible today. I'm not surprised they lost at Iowa State. I expected that. I'm surprised at how bad they looked doing it.
I hope you only pay the Iron Price for your diet coke, Mr. Greyjoy.
I wonder what it's like to wake up the morning after ordering hundreds of deaths. Such insecurity should kill a person from anxiety.
The playoffs have started. You know what that means: Basketball season is almost half over.
Cheering for Erica Rebollar and her Award nom at the MetroDC Dance Awards tonight
I flippin love you to!!!!! Can we Skype???? I need to get you your stuff!!! Xo
hmm, Tourette's takes it in the end.
I hope that the Braxtons make as much $ as the Kardashians...because of the talent & purpose & talent. LOL
RT : Petunia's can't wait for Sunday at our 4pm baking and cooking/sampling event at Fremont store!
Happy birthday to my best friend !
Hey, stop watching nascar!! The 8 o'clock news is about to start on PDXTV channel 12/49.
appreciate the retweet-thanks Bill
We need some help filling up this toy chest for the boys and girls club. Come on Memphis. (We will pick up donations)
lol...I agree! That fact should scare the Hell out of you! :)
Megan Fox's Thumbs are Hidden in New Sexy Sharper Image Ad - Gather Celebs News Channel
Having a Harry Potter bedspread because thats were the fucking magic happens.
you said with B Calipari, obviously he isn't that great of a player, does dads name carry weight?
hey lady, you downtown? Want to meet up?
Happy Birthday to my darling old friend, ! Here's to many more happy and exciting years to you. Xx.
We told you bye! Haha you drunk ass!! :D
#sometimesyouhaveto put your guns away
I know they can't help it, but it really bothers me when people have no top lip. I always notice.
unlike people, vampire's are predictable.
“You can't do today's job with yesterday's methods and be in business tomorrow” - Unknown
It's FRIIIIIIDAAAAAAY!!!!! ROCK n' ROLL!
haven't heard it yet... gonna break this session to listen in 30 mins...
CAN ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW !!!! please! RETWEET IF YOU DID! I'LL GIE YOU A SHOUT OUT TO MY 914 FOLLOWERS!
can you pick me up too....I'm in Delaware?
Principal from Paterson park public charter with ft arts & music teacher. Clarifying vision for arts integration and kids own agency.
RT : Senior Editor, Robert Leleux's new book "The Living End" will be published by St. Martin's Press this Jan. 17!
hush mane lol
You would think money could make ppl classy smh
Hey , can you devote some of one of your columns this week to the Allen Craig situation in St. L?
I was a compliment dude
What is #rxcom ? Looks like an interesting hastag to follow (as if I didn't have enough to follow already) :@
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Just met Stephan a la Rue Cler Market. Says he is coming to SEA to help you open an Oyster Bar!!! Tres Bien!
what breathing issue do u suffer from?.asthma? If u can plz share.
We are having a great time @ #NCTM12 today! Stop by #1314 & learn more about #MyLivePD online coaching before the conf. comes to a close.
Heat lightening :)
yeah I do I just be fuckin with u...but I have a lot of them...that I wouldn't dare hit know to much bout em llh
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
u ready for the nikatnite show? hope so!
Thanks ya'll
Diamond was a bad bitch tho she a get all my $ lol
I ain't gone lie to ya sleeze ball
Chuck is a really boring show these days. That's my awesome Friday night observation, twitterverse.
ok baby :/
not even! if bron was the only superstar on his team he would be tired too. but when NYK get paul its a rap
Nothin annoys me more then a lame and random ads text.# stfu
Accusing politicians of "playing politics" is a lot like accusing a kiwi of being a fruit.
that was so fun!! Omg and I started singing get crazy get wild :)
Thanks for the follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish
dancing with his grandmas >>>>>
Good morning cupcakes! We love our Military, and offer 10% with a Military ID! Thank you for your service to this incredible nation!
Save fun polishes for special occasions - like an accessory - wear your nails BARE!
wooohoo see you there!!
that was exactly my reaction.
I can't wait 'till I turn 18.
Watching. A thousand ways to die..
that's about all I can find. if it's in memory then there isn't much you could do to clear besides dns-prefetch-disable
Just got a nice lil check in the mail here at #2CB. Thanks, ! Also, very proud it's for a BritDoc vid. Great organization.
I am thankful for my family, my friends and for being a COUG!
Have you ever won Best Costume in a costume contest? What were you?
Micheal made me a hot dog today c:
The fact tracks over <
I hope its nice n sunny out on kentucky lake cuz my ass gone be chilln on the boat with some cold one in a few hrs :)
Thanks for the shout out
I find it very disheartening when I type a book title & author into Google and find something like "pdf" or "download" as the top search. :(
thanks for the reply. My church small group is meeting for our last discussion on the book. It's caused us to talk a lot
I am creating an acct now. Can you follow back? Thanks!
We have to drive up to pa for kids pills and docter lucky me
He doesn't think taxis should get tickets.
Long story, man, long story.
that was so sweet baby and I love u too
forreal damn life is so precious we have to accept what god pleases us with cause life its short
They say you only fall in love once, but that can't be true... Every time I look at you, I fall in love all over again.
Happy Birthday! I hope u have a wonderful day and thx for being so inspirational and sharing ur journey w us :-)
leaving burbank... bo
Hot days and Hot new products - including our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform! Targeted consumer or business lists call 866.460.6611
is gonna #smoke canibitch!!!and his lyrical version of German engineering!
Just discovered for creating conversion funnels from data. LOVE it!
everybody getting JUICED UP, tell yal friends Meech Dogg said lets gett TOWW uP. Whenever yal pop or crack a bottle yal getting JUICED UP...
Starting Weight Watchers & receiving my Girl Scout cookies almost simultaneously is just a cruel, cruel twist of fate.
Countless number of big time players came out of Schenley HS in #pittsburgh Can't believe the School Board shut it down.
The Marlins are huge disappointment right now
#Memberprofilein140: Low-cost Cook County tax appeal & home appraisal gives you an edge and saves you money - Joe Sanner
Truth is...
so I been texting the wrong Sheree!!!! The whole time! -_-
pretty good :)
My husband is a crack-a** drawer. His words not mine.
I heart yoga!
One day we will take over the world, unless American Dad is on, then we will take over the world!
I'm not trying to pile on.Just putting a few things into perspective.Very hard to control random fan hangin 'round players.
Sen. Simpson, "we wanted a much stronger smoking bill, but we can count. We knew we had to had a certain amount of votes."
just got off the phone w/
i need someones num so we can chat ecept for boys
follow us gurl!!!!!!
BOOST YOUR SALES WITH WEAVES, HAIR EXTENSIONS, AND FULL LACE WIGS! Log onto www.drwiggys.com for more!
ClaireM21112103 Thanks for the follow!
Awesome! I'll be there in about five minutes : )
#TGIF and early Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
YES. I still stand by FF as being a great dev tool. By far, the best js debugger I have used. Chrome is a close second
Dub stepping my way to
smut stand back and ctach my amazing graces
S/O and Happy Charter Day to the Nu Theta Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. at Old Dominion University. 06!
I think they'd have to get a lot more than a stopgap at the catcher position to consider it.
u aren't following me -- I can't dm
“: Holy crap the #Colts drafted Andrew Luck?! I am shocked!!!!!!!!!!!” me too!!!!!! Totally a shocker!!
I forgave you for what you did, but I still die a little inside every time I think about it.
I dislike having to transfer copyright of my writing to Taylor & Francis. Especially since they're getting paid and I'm not.
I change my mind im going to the 500, so if u want to see me perform come on out to the 500 only 5.00 to get in also its open mic
Watching House Bunny,!! 3 More Days Till RollerJam<3
You might get jump if yo got on an Albert pujos jersey on tonight
Research on silhouettes in the collection today! Hopefully staff will be able to date them. If you have any good resources send them my way!
Do not let this past week of Thanksgiving cease now! Continue to rejoice and give thanks for all of your blessings. He alone deserves praise
good. Were waiting on someone and then i'm rollin with some friends. See you there buddy.
are any local radio stations broadcasting??
Cheered with at the Virginia Air and Space Center. Well done Atlantis.
Yes! It is my favorite song of hers. :)
GM All!! Thanking God as always 4 blessing me wit a new day & new start! Off 2 work now. Hope everybody has a great day!!! #smile :)
Jeff Foster retires yesterday.. One of the best blue collar guys in the NBA and you guys don't even mention it.. Classy
Lmfao how this dude pee himself & then fall asleep in the puddle ?! Lmao oo man gn
So, we're tied up. Screw the Devils, we'll come back.
also in the middle of debating adding two newish songs to the CD to make it 9 total instead of just 7
& : Drinks one of these nights?
are you using any third-party extensions?
S/O to all my followers who stayed and put up with my tweets! I appreciate it! Thanks.
idk let me look
RT : I know nothing about sex, because I was always married. ~Zsa Zsa Gabor
AND completely sold out of my Kinder Winter EPs in the last two days....! Should I print more?...
Just remembered I got drill this weekend ..
It's great!
I could just stare into 's eyes for hours! :) <333
A DUDE from Dairy Queen sounds so delicious right about now.
thanks for the reply. just updated reports on shooting
Being a fiscally responsible adult totally blows.
Need CD duplication, CD replication or custom t-shirts for #SXSW? We're your hookup. Delivery is free to Austin when you get there! Hit us!
Next thing you know they have the 3 in one utensil one side being the fork with a knife edge then the other side being a spoon
Thanks for following! Folowing back.
More #MM #Monical_Monday shouts. THANKS
one can only hope. I am getting frustrated of getting my hopes up for the #ACL12 line up, only to see nada.
Hippie! Archaeologist!
Must of had some bad experiences RT : Thinking about leaving Twitter alone for a while.
Daughter & I just bought one of those gigantic freeze pops from a gas station in the hood. This is a brain freeze waiting to happen.
that's good to hear ! :)
I will have test that theory.
Retweet if you like food, music, the computer, Cody Simpson, and the Hunger Games. We can be friends.
Microsoft's Office Live Small Business Closing Today - PCWorld
...if you're ever in the DC area, let me know. Got a guest room you can use any time!
that movie will change your life, I quit my job, and became a superhero, best decision I ever made....
Isn't Florida suppose to be the sunshine state? I could never tell, it's so gloomy
new number?
you know it!!!
Hell yeah RT : Seriously Twitter needs to do something about the spam DMs...
favorite actor
gosh..you're so smart.
yeah I saw him sat said you guys had a big time sat at Dan Marinos table and just went at it like it was work LOL C U soon
I'm hittin up the lawn boys to ease the pain in feb, you should probably consider it.
So when is that and track gonna happen?? the world ain't EVEN ready for that!
For sure! ^_^
Happy New Years Everyone! 2012!
Yeah, he's the one who wrote that song making fun of King Robert
Searle's Bernhard Streitwiesser in special ed. on Germany. 5th pic. Features book by Greg Light &
Off night for all Denver teams
I do get flirty when drunk tho so be warned lol
Best booty poppin' song- Booty Work by T-Pain.
*creepy smile* and walks off
Make your way down to Marlins Park yet?
Do it. It's fun.
My blogs are doing well. I am making some money.
Very cool tumblr
Ever Tear Is A Waterfall
Low fat low cal, right?“: pork confit tamales: thyme cured pork hocks baked in pork fat with whipped confit fat in the masa”
I deserve the WORLD! Point blank period! And since nobody's gonna give it to me! I'm a go get it myself!
Don't forget StageWest Theatre Company's production of In the Next Room continues this weekend!
The Lucky One with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Colombians have so much pride for there country, its overwhelming.
Wen its up Inside its so hard to come back out!
How will they get out of this one?--new page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Their better live :o i saw them at the ATW tour
Nice!! I hope you like it!!
Going home!
hey there. I can't PM you, you don't follow me.
#Grizzlies Tony Allen is such a pest...in a good way. He's the spider that eats mosquitoes for you
HEY EVERYBODY!!!! :)
Re time machine, you'd think he could pick up his passenger instead of making him go all the way to Decatur.
“: don' text me and be boring and shit my number a privileged treat it like one”!!!
Yeah, that's what we talked about after the match. It's crazy to think that our DP might need to be a forward.
Summer doesn't really start till moves in.
1 vote for edible ink printer
RT Will do! RT : Experience the oldest Italian restaurant in Brooklyn at Monte's!
just take some ecstasy and jizz in your underpants you dirty slut
Big congratulations to on induction to CO Sports HOF!!! You deserve it big time!
congratulations fans! you still don't have any championsips to brag about like the do!
Yes RT : It's not my job to make sure you do what's right. It's my job to make sure I do what's right, regardless of what you do.
Watching the #NASCAR prerace show on fox live from talladega super speedway.
Son of 43rd Governor of Michigan and United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development & no Pres. aspirations?
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. Thomas Carlyle
apparently so does Chicago after they were ahead by double digits in 4th quarter and Rose was still in the game.
X0! I'm a lot cooler on this 90 degree LA day!
Enjoying Steamworks Brewing CO
It's not a WH petition. It's a citizens petition to the WH. 1st Amendment, 21st century style.
wats the deal pappa ya got any traks i got my studio up and runnin
Hope you guys are having a good Sunday...if you're not relaxing, make sure you do it soon! ;)
Waiting for at Miami Dade College.
I think I ate too many Christmas cookies...
Woah..apparently i missed a fight or something on here...
Yes, Close to the Edge. Rainy Day Music, to be sure!
going to lounge by the pool with margarita! what? we don't have a pool? are you sure? I distinctly recall ordering one yesterday
Anyone been on the Housatonic this week?
Both are pretty sweet. I would get them. but why not have one that just says 'Keep Dreaming'? It'd be gnarly.
Two Words: Wait, what?
Strong 4th quarter from leads to victory #44 for the #gospursgo in Toronto. They get one night off before another back to back.
where is the flimon app on the website
Up at 4am three days in a row. Something strange has happened to my internal clock.
Day 2 of the diet. Feeling unfulfilled. :) But I suppose that's the point...
umm i dont have enough money for myself to buy an apple product but will a card do ?(:
RT : this weather is perfect. im over working today. and for the week.
My fricken head hurts sosososo bad. I just need to sleep.
Volkswagen Rabbit Questions - 1980 VW Rabbit (manual ...
Not to mention the NBA's ugliest player (Caron Butler), second ugliest player (Randy Foye) and worst coach (Del Negro).
Agreed, no doubt about it! In fact, we're building a prayer-app for smartphones. Please see here: birdofprayer.org
Dang is out of control they r gonna charge customers 2 buy tickets online & 2 print boarding pass @ airport kiosks!
rachael just go to bed you'll forget about this stuff tomorrow
Did I really just take a 3 hour nap.
Isn’t it time to shift from an economy based on money making money to an economy based on money creating jobs and genuine prosperity?"
Excited to stay up to the minute with #Addy tweets from tweets tonight!
RT : Q2) Do you feel your web based delivery of content has improved over the past 3, 5, 10 years? Why?
Proud of our team which has used #behavioranalysis to condition #running as a reinforcer for a 16y/o w/ ASD. Team 5k in two weeks!
#WeDontMissSelena?Where has she gone..?:L
I just hope they get a discount on their hospital bills for showing up with the baby already born.
Morning everyone!
Just landed in NYC for the week...Great to be back! Woohooo!
Mothers day..flowers? Chocolate? Dinner? Hmm decisions decisions
its about that time of year ... Aw yeah
When I'm older & my daughter asks me who my first love was, I'll be able to point across the room and say she's right there.
hey,hw are u :)
Congrats dude! That's great!
Be Original Dont Die As A Copy #Real$hit
yeah it has been on my list for a while. I finally picked it up at Redbox :-) Can't beat a dollar to rent a movie.
someone needs to publish a book of letters children sent to maurice sendak
Like life, baby ;-) RT : Rules make things the opposite of fun. A game is not serving its purpose by having them
How about Blackberry?
What are you trying to say Jess? LOL...Yeah sure.Agreed I need (want) an smart phone!
o "new media plumber" ROFL
Manning is the consummate team player. Whether he is playing or not, he wants to be there with his teammates and contributing.
The NFL should vacate the Saints XLIV Super Bowl win, & have the Vikings and Colts play...with original players. Its only fair.
Happy Fathers Day all!!! Hailey Anne's doing well this morning, rough going there for awhile last night. She's back to resting now.
Stop by tonight for Bellown Art Walk & Bacon Wrapped Dates.
hope you feel better soon. I "enjoyed" migraine with vision issues Monday. Never fun.
did you know that I think you're gorgeous ? :)
Patty Mills must be happy he's a Spur & not a Blazer anymore. LOL
so hard to get things done on your day off when you have delicious coffee and a cat who just wants to sleep in your lap.
Aw. My baby brother wants me to play connect 4 with him. I don't care if it's a cheesy game I just love him so much so I will play with him
Happy Canada Day! Spent all my childhood winters in Montreal
Only problem is she thought it was going to be just like the Macy's parade. Am I destined to have a Rockette?
sitting in the theater since 8:45 for the midnight time! you mad?
ethics and morality? Doesn't he know they don't pay bills.
This wifi network blocks ALL "fb.me" links as obvious shit. And Justice gazed down on the router, with a cold, mirthless smile.
so cool! #Insanity is a tough workout, excited for Shaun T. to visit
Collaboration for me is building a professional team working with the best interests of the client in mind
True love for kid cudi is having his whole discography. Not just knowing four of his songs.
Today's been silly. At least there were gingerbread pancakes.
looking forward to meeting tonight for dinner!
Hey , call me maybe?(;
RT : If you are out celebrating #CincoDeMayo please celebrate responsibly. Don't drink and drive.
Our purpose is greater than our challenges...
she mad lol
Inc. we provide business formations, asset protection and private security, attorneys, employees and professional contacts.
yuppersxz... He's lucky to meet her my god he always looks at her gazes at her beauty my god one lucky son of a bitch
okay?? Thy cant say it. Now you know the reason. Leave me alone now. Kay thanks bye.
thank you Courtney :)
Today was great. I made some personal breakthroughs that I know will make a difference in my life. #humility and love are the key.
My allergies are killing me!!
Did u get da Tweet about Monica being in THE BOY IS MINE Movie? If not pls 4low me so I can give mo detail.
Wishing Everyone A Happy Thanksgiving!
RT: RT : "When you need an epiphany, you need to make time to waste time."
'he's a concientius objector on the glass', 'I'm not the biggest fan of this guy' best quotes on a player #nbadraft sounds like Darko 2.0
We have our fleet of Limo & Limo buses booked for a great saturday in Pittsburgh. Don't be sad if you forgot to get one. Go out Friday.
Working on a new website design for Fine Jewelry Creations in Simi Valley.
where do u get these beautiful icons
Giants did it!!! What a game... New York rules!!!
bright house is God awful! KNIGHT and Packer fan in Orlando!!!
My bed is my own babycrib...
HANNAH IS A DIRECTIONER .
Watch again
Got a free comic book and free chik-fil-A, life is good
Gettin it in at
RORY! RUN! RUN FAR! RUN FAR FROM THE PETE!
Aw, thank you, Charlie. You're the best. :)
Wow now my mom tells me I don't have to be home at 6-.-
Who's excited to hear our new stuff? It should stimulate the nerve endings :)
Gritting my teeth. Weekend is almost here. Beer stash, beware.
I MEAN ITS HERE 5 HOUR TO SOLVA UP i QUESES TO PULL THE PLUG RIGHT LOL
and I are making my room a nest for the next 4-5 days
In #Denver! Twitterverse, what's good to eat or drink here?
Thank you !
Follow The Diamond on Twitter and Like us on Facebook!
Must admit I miss seeing out on the field-or rather on my tv-on Sundays!! ;)
To all the wives with kids who have cheating & abusive husbands should turn them in because staying with them is not healthy.
Hit us up when you are ready to get started on your new site
ive always wondered; what is the damn ingredient that all generic brands don't have that the originals do.
no commitments just subbing. Then a few tournies with my old teams.
#ASECS12 now second SEA panel, Eighteenth-Century America and the World, chaired by Nush Powell.
We want to thank all our Veterans for serving our country and keeping us safe from threats.. We thank you!
yeah I did but it was a long time ago :)
(1/2) These projects just reveal what’s already there—people full of hopes, fears, and stories..."
ready to put in some work
I'm a little suspicious of anyone i can't find quickly on the facebook.
I had a great time on the Putting Your Best Foot Forward panel with HRMAC with PJ McGuire and Maureen Costello.
Short two hour excursion at Kings Island with
Sounds like a perfect morning to me!! RT : It's a Spice Girls kind of morning
yup, that's my dick
I need to see a great movie..what's out there?
Thanks for the RT - We have lots of classes, programs, services for prospective & current #homeowners! Stay tuned for more!
Their old stuff was better... They took too long to come back out.. its gay now.. sorry..
not in the mood to be working right now
I'm feeling the love all the way over here!!! Hey when you've it got it, you've got it!
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open....
I guess '12 is the new 3' in the world of geeks and law blogs.
What is it about the loneliness and desolation of the train platform that makes it the only place I ever get hit on?
When you are feeling down, go out and help someone.
Only one more week to visit the Bike Exhibit at the #MarshallBuilding. Hurry!
So just used tungle.me for the first time in a long time...its amazing how many apps or smb web products there are out there!
I hope your coworkers were as excited as us!!
Watching Austin & Ally for a little. Then going to take a nap.
Half wit Mitt Romney knows how to pump and dump businesses. How does that make him a potential leader of the free world?
If we don't have an educated population w/ a strong economy, there won't be anything left to protect!
CeCe, Ryan wants... no, NEEDS you to go see Prometheus with him.
Have FAST-FIX clean and check your diamond for loose or cracked prongs (you dont want to loose it!!) We will even do it for free!!!
God has PERFECT timing
I still remember that feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
#RESPECT We would love to help get exposure for u in the DMV/Baltimore area. If we can help in anyway call us 4105139199
try to get them to listen to air supply
thanks man I really appreciate it!
Hanging out at #wxphx today.
I was wondering how long it would take you to say something. lol.
Agree. Story was initially going to run Sunday, but I wanted to give him more time to respond. He didn't. Rock meet hard place.
Maureen, mom 2 3, 1 w/ a disability. Politically involved. Want 2 inspire parents of children in #PartC 2 get involved in policy
when do you have time to be a surf instructor? :)
Sweet. Congrats! That is awesome. I like hangin around with great people.
Yes! RT approaching IT w/ open mind, also do groundwork. make friends 1st not just when u need something.
Making Moves
Oh Hell Yeah! Giants win!
What an absolute peach of a goal from for his hat trick. walking away with this one.
Aah! I'm so excited! And I love author-read audiobooks. often does his own reading too and it's lovely.
u look like a shorty when u do ur wake up workout. Ur still cute tho:-)
a doo rag/bandana bastard child. I think it's what Brett Michaels wears
“: Tell pan to take you.” that's a t(-.-tt) t(-____-t) moment lol
YES I AM HIGH! High off of ONE DIRECTION :) #Save me tonite?
I'm on a PC - could be the difference? It's just fine in Chrome and IE 9 but in FF6 I get the same problem as the OP in forum
Theres always a plan b
laughing about the centipede "incident" because I've done something similar! Glad you survived :) Have a great weekend!
I think I should try it out, on a Tuesday, of course :)
Great day at #DerbyDeMayo party, I picked the right horse and won her ONE raffle ticket
I like your website. Just submitted to the recent photo.
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work......
Too bad Foursquare wasn't around when Waldo was missing.
I dont have a DM notification. Must not have went through... My email is
thanks kerry, glad to make you acquaintance, can't wait to see your linocuts!
cool! Do u have a pic of the poinsettia tree?
We're the same way. cashiers always offer to put meats in plastic.
Every once in a while, you just have to sit still. Meditate today, even if it is for 5 minutes. Notice what happens.
you're thinking of BLTW! Not sure I'll make that..I'm going to the yearly "national chapter" which is in OH this yr
I just read the #TroyDavis outcome...and I am sick to my stomach...have mercy Jesus!
Long day on the campaign trail. Batavia, Oakfield, Newfane, Medina, Lockport, Victor - I know why Congressmen are so tired. Love it!
Well, another great trip in the history books...sad to be heading home
Wait—you're SELLING these, Hakeem?!
In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined
RE Coachella lineup RT : They need to, that festival has no balls or ovaries. They've gone safe, trendy and predictable.
have you watched the studio update 3? The teaser in it made me cum.
same here
Camo shorts have been purchased
How dare it say that to you!
Loll, ya did. :D
": Happy Mothers Day to my mom and my bestfriend's mom who's like a second mom to me :) #hotbestfriends" tell momma
network! It's all about who you know unfortunately.
wow, check out fancy new design!
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout the Celtics losing. I keep up with my teams I know whats goin on and I dont needa hear it from you!!
I have tried to lift France out of the mud. But she will return to her errors and vomitings. I cannot prevent the French from be
MINISTRY in this place!!!!
Missed it. Plus we have something bigger the next week ... RT #ArmyTenMiler registration opened today
wouldn't blame him...
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average.
Measure your hips and waist for a more accurate choice. I normally wear a woman's size 12 but from delia's I'm a size 15.
Squats + Deads = All you can eat
...back from Golden Gate Park - was lying on a blanket and the ground below me began pulsating.
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being
Back in Knoxville. I have a lot of work to do.
All this malaria talk is making me itch.
at the Blue-White football game
Doing Business with China Forum scheduled for Wed. Nov 2nd. Looking for companies that do business with China to participate and share the…
Notre Dame is clinging to a 2 point lead with 1:19 left. Go watch ESPN and cheer them on!
baaaaaabieeeeee!!!! AH!!! SO CUTE!
There are days when I wish those damn Calgon commercials really worked. Calgon take me away! ~ Lisa Morgan
Sounds good, we give out water for free here.
What's up all twitter followers?!?
lool ! Nah mi have u already :p
And we move from Black History month to Women's history month--so I still celebrate.
haha ik it really was! he just comes out of nowhere all the time..haha he was funny with naomi. oh muzzz
oh please, I still talk to my bloody mother in law after 20yrs. Cheers.
hope you feel ok
hey thanks. :)
Was suppose to be takin ah nap
My day before work today was awesome...I miss you
I am literally lying halfway off my bed and shaking lol my friday nights man
Maybe #ktco should be broadcast at 2x speed :) Twice as smart-twice as fast.
That will require them having their act together, which never quite seems to happen on time. May is the same time every year.
Bored outta my mind
Absolutely! Contact for more info!
My colleague on 12 famous book titles that came from poems. Reading this makes you feel smart AND arty at the same time!
thank you!
I am 90% certain that I will be homeless by this time next week.
My chair is slowly sinking.
Oh yeah, bring on the rain!
My fingers they itchin they itchin for that paper
this summer
Enjoyed discussing prospering in the Identity Economy with UnBoundID this morning. APIs, big data and run-time integration driving change
If you don't want to see Google search destroyed whatever you do don't do a search on the term "Zerg Rush"
Virginia! I had SO much fun with you this weekend! Keep doing what you love and DANCE! One last time:
Google forums as well as gmail are clunking, it seems...
What's the line between a playwright's values and a character's values? Like, how does Sarah Kane fit into this?
Balotelli to save the day!!
I just had a creepy crawler in my room too
Spanky is. TOO. CUTE.
Victoria Justice is very sweet to everyone.
or not? lol
Money dnt make me i make money
Just doing to the Harvard baseball teams dance to call me maybe. We nailed it don't worry.
Hello all. The Gaufre Gourmet will be closed today due to illness. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Truth. Good when contagious, too. RT : "You can't teach passion. You have to hire passion." #thepitch (True for all biz, not just ad.)
Sometimes the problem is part of the solution.
gah, i can't! big big event for work coming up, nose to the grindstone. can you send more info on EMP show?
yes that jersey though lol
hahaha oh I knew that haha DUH !! :p
That happens a lot in Hollywood.
Thai soup=conversation about locally owned restaurant options+vegetable garden options
singg the lazy song.!! (:
As PR professionals, we get only a slice of the pie. What's news to me is different news to everybody else.
Honesty is a good thing, but it is not profitable to its possessor unless it is kept under control.
UGH. annoyed.
iPhone 4 red conversion parts are on the way!! Contact us if you want to have red iPhone 4!!
Goosebumps is on.. It's about an evil sponge. Please tell me why we were scared of this show/books again?
do you ever get off the bus?!
yooooooo! I needa find me one of those! U kno I b on that brisk iced tea and lemonade mix! Lol
just read 2 things that i wish i didnt even see........
sounds great, but unfortunately I'm trade marked! So I don't think that's a good idea!
Overflow crowd at Commission's public input meeting in Culver City.
heey can you help me with something real fast?(:
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0482
Time to help the Soldier Marathon go smoothly.... so who is running?
can't tonight but hope to watch it online, love what startup grind is doing!
I pray im wrong but if I just watched nick lidstroms last game i am thankful for watchting the greatest d man of all time.
Of the various botanical classes of coffee trees in the world, only two are extensively grown commercially; Arabica and Robusta.
Just booked my flight to my first ever Society of Southwest Archivists conference. Wheeeeeeeeeee!!
congrats! also, looking for mobile app/html 5 developers. any recs?
The worst thing you could do is doubt us
will always notify via twitter if we leave early. So sorry again. Have a nice weekend
Drop me a line if you're going to be at the Winter Bash in NYC tomorrow night hosted by Would love to meet you at the party.
Dat ass, part I
Cool, thanks for the connect.
Really could go for #theserpa at Sheetz
baha I'm dying
When you wake up to your cat licking your ear then you realize that you don't have a cat......
A Suffolk man who has lost a life-changing 40 stone - more than half his former body weight - now needs an operation to remove excess skin.
Love how Dirk explained why he needed to step off the court at the end of the game before the awards. Definitely emotional. Congrats Mavs
Friend: "I hope you burn in hell." Me: "I hope you step on a lego in the dark." Friend: "Take that back!!!"
yeah! (: when is the next competition?
You might be right, she just might stay, but boy would she be missed. Highs in Cancun all week, mid 80s.
I'm looking for a Rails develpmnt company/firm (not individual). Any suggestions? Let me know! I have a client w/ready-to-go funded project!
At Maui Hawaiian BBQ :)
How Tweet it is to be followed by you...
me to!!! I need to hit the LOTTO before Vegas for sure!
"Forget pink and purple paisleys, little yellow mellow daisies...."
I need a note book where i can write all my feelings out and just express my self, summers almost near which mean pure depression.
Are you back in the MI for good?
OK, Baltimore, the votes are in! We made an impressive showing today. No other campaign matched our energy!! Off to Creme Lounge, join us!
It will be between the building and sidewalk and run the length of building. A surprisingly large space!
Fellow runners - what's the best way to treat a sore achilles? Just rest and ice? Grrrr.
In case no one is sure, I love
Wonderful! So glad you are joining us! Let us know if you have questions. :)
- However, they are the BEST compound, time efficient exercise for those in the #startup world. I like sumo style.
Colorado boys design monsters to comfort kids in need
Fantastic! So glad to hear, thank you!
The motto would be: The CW - Pleasure Your Guilt. Catchy, huh? :)
following to much ppl right now OMG®
Thank you for following!
Darling, I m pleased to tell u that I've nominated yr blog for 2 bog awards.Pls check my latest post to receive your awards! x
just outta curiosity, what school does go to ?
Finally caved and turned on a lamp. I have huge windows, but weren't enough!
I have a huge spider bite on my neck. Sunny days in #Seattle can be hazardous to your health.
I Was Just Looking At Your Pic And You're Was Dancing On Point To A Song Im Listening To By MSTRKRFT! #DOPE!
At the Harvard Future of Learning conference, great start with Howard Gardner
got offered Rivers/Charles/Witten for ARod...what do you think? Should I ask for 2.1 also?...or maybe swap 2.1 for 2.8?
S/O to all the
Never Let Ah Bitch Take Me Out My Character.
And do they have something to do with Harry Potter?
I can't even stay chill..
"Respect is a two-way street, if you want to get it, you've got to give it."
try turning it off and back on again. If that doesn't work take the battery out and put it back in turn it on
only because you said "I was born, then I grew up" that's missing a lot of history.
WSHH is just one of many tools simply used to ramp up the showing of Black People at their worst behavior.
Happy Birthday!! Chord sent me.
Thanks for the follow, have a great week end. Go Irish!!!
Amazing how much easier a 3.8 mil run is with a HD screen showing March Madness a foot from your face.
i has headache
Guy just waved at me on the Max. I honestly don't know him but he looks familiar. I think he's friends with my sister. Idk.
Customer appreciation day coming soon, stay tuned.
Happy Mother's Day to since she's always claiming my child as her own!
Yes...there is an initial workshop/seminar and then a monthly? article that must be read and recorded through Virtus online..
Sometimes I think about just deleting the whole goddamn thing and starting over.
We love Rocky Horror! We'll be screening it at midnight June 2nd! $6 if you're in costume, $9 if you're not!
according to politicians: whatever the next one is
Don't let the BS blind you!
I think it's just starting to hit me that i'm not going to live in the city anymore
No way!
No offense but if I offended you today, you're fucking dumb. You're a moronic uptight cunt. No offense though idiot sup
it's one thing to hate parking enforcement, but to throw your trash at them while you're driving down the street is no bueno.
Okay asshole don't text me then.
Really enjoyed it! Thanks so much for sharing your thinking and responding to ours! /cc
Is it just me or does it seem like AMLO is repeating a lot of Fox's talking points?
ouch at least I am not the only one LOL
I might stop following you. I can't stand looking at your pix anymore.
hybrid icing sounds like it should involve green lines instead of blue ones.
I didn't know was so ignorant. Blacks should not wear #Hoodies and that is what got #TrayvonMartin killed?
I feel as if some of my followers have all-out wars over Twitter.
No bank should be so large that it could threaten the financial system and, therefore, be too big to fail
“: I like how aggressive Wade is playing. Gabrielle must not be tripping anymore” lol
Officially done with High School. Still got lax. May 24th is 9 days away.
dinner and a movie tonight??
.. they left us in 3's. Don Cornelius, Etta James now Whitney
That is now my favorite thing in a long time.
Money is a tool. I need a lot of tool. Ha ha. Double....whatever that's funny
I knows :)
Pretty sure there's still cheap beer and coffee around!
I can't believe it really happened...
it was great would have be #awesome to see it all
I'm going to make a birthday hat out of incomprehensible constituent letters!
Reading @ barnes n noble
Celebrating this lovely Saturday night w/ Heart Coffee and other foamy things at with
But for real I'm happy :D
It's gameday.
A long vacation, far away, in a warm tropical place would be ideal right about now..
Tornado Warning for Jackson till 3:00 PM ...AT 237 PM CDT...NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE METEOROLOGISTS WERE TRACKING A CONFIRMED TORNADO.
I feel your pain!!!
Thanks for following! Always impressed with your writing....let me know if you ever need data from the Pt Loma area!
that's what I'm saying it's not all bad
i hope my stimulator be here tomarrow
You respect me, I respect you. You call me. I call you back. Ignore me, I ask "what's up?" You want my attention, stick around more...Ok.
OMG Lmfao isa xDDDDDDDDDDDD make it any more obvious might as well @ him LOLL
The links are up come watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games!!!
yeah it's not that I don't like strategy. I just think its overrated. Most times its obvious (sac bunt/pinch hitting)
I wish the Monday Night Football theme played everytime I woke up on a monday
or USL or Arkansas St or Nevada and UNLV and so on. I don't remember them targeting the Big 8 though like NIU
Why you put ya mouth on me ? (;
Walked to class number 2 for UCB at the Lyric Hyperion Theater cafe... It's such a nice cafe! Free water in an actual glass cup.
I've come to the conclusion that I'm just going to livestream games and then have it autoupload to youtube. Screw editing and all that crap
Lets go LA Kings! Phoenix has no business having an NHL team so that's the only reason I'm rooting for the
When I'm loud , people tell me to be quiet. But when I'm quiet , people ask me what's wrong.
I'm at Walmart, can't find #GOBLIN anywhere in the store. Hold up.found it.it was behind Will Smith's Willennium.
Your LinkedIn makes you look like such a boss "Fantasy Football Analyst at Beast or Bust"
no, it's not... i'm pulling an abby.
Cowboys and indian cowboys and indian.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><U+261D>
School is a rollercoaster. Coffee and Red Bull to study for Calc, beer to write German papers, then more Red Bull for CS.
Gets better. it was a video. The dog talked and delivered these message typed by my mom.
Food bloggers have the best sense of design. Seriously, all of their blogs are divinely simplistic and LOVELY. What's your fav food blog?
Just got off work n walked into a water balloon fight. It was only right that I took part.
Get well soon Brian!
wish you would consider Anacostia
I've always had a political lady crush on her and this past week it quadrupled.
Happy RyGood Day:)
why is the IRS esxtended tax credit from 2008 now a repayable loan not a tax credit anymore?
One of my piano students just licked her armpit in front of me.
just send you an e-mail! sorry for the delay!
saw the volt today. very sleek! right after hearing story about car fumes damaging our brains. def something to think about.
~ Excited to be teaching the noon class today!! Come sweat with me :)
wow! I would kill myself in those. Amazing!
lol only if u knew we're I was lol
Why does have some many #Team affiliations?!?! #teamlesbian though.....
#UN confirms "crimes against humanity" committed by #Assad regime in
message me your U number and I can let you know
i.just.want.you.
I worked with Rutger Hauer this weekend. The story he told about shooting that scene was mind-blowing.
going to Howloscream this upcoming Friday with . IM READY TO SHIT MYSELF
Walked in to my favorite coffee shop in Brooklyn and "barlights" by was playing
You don't understand how much I miss you. I want you to myself. I want you in my arms. I want to hold you. Taryn I love you, always will. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
And that really kicks ass, because tomorrow will indeed be brighter when I tell you more about
Have u ever had that moment where u just took off ur sock and then u can't find it
RT : Everyone should follow #GOGREEN // NOT the chosen one - the BEST one for #NV03 to kick the
funny, I saw the Romney campaign handing those out... sounds like a conspiracy to me!
RT : Name of Alaska state rep who wants to criminalize abortions if woman doesn't have the OK of impregnator: "Alan Dick."
Hi there! Great to meet you!!
Exhibiting at ESX in June? Let us preview your new products in June Send pics/releases to .
yeah me too, I always thought that was the way to eat it anyway.. my sister eats Mac and cheese w/ a fork...
hahahah that would be awesome! I like how you said "when you guys go" don't get my hopes up!
Enjoyed Fashion Fever kick off to Fashion Week, great new designers and a well planned event! Congrats to a successful night
Lagers with Kaisers at Filter party SXSW! UK taking over Austin! Wicked!
Lmao.. All thats gone get you is sunburnt RT : I gota pocket full of sunshine <U+263A>
Tarjoto of Cypress Consulting -- we have your Drivers License at Registration booth.
+in that secondary lit can be like its own kind of primary text too
Commissioner: Education needed on Fargo bike lanes
I am at a GSA type event on the transgender community here at Columbia, be proud you
haha yeah seriously. On our way to losing 100 games. Cool thanks for the response!
Got last set of discount beer from MillerCoors. I'm gonna miss that perk.
Hollywood..check Venice..check now to grub in Newport beach!
Chillin, where you at?
We're the Wrestling Avengers! lol
and in the rainy cold
just a little humor
oh do u fink Diego will be my brufer too
hahaha I was freaking out when I got this!! But resurrections help a lot... Haha!
VIP Booths available! More beautiful girls than ANY SPOT IN TOWN! Message me for free passes/limo pick up!
Alter Ego photo shoot coming soon.......stay posted....
People about to get cut the fuck off today
Describe your experience with energy work in 1 word.
#ThingsIDislike when someone fiercely pulls out a headphone out my ear. O my blood starts to boil (a figure of speech)
Who is HV?
So the math PD was in a library and the library PD was in the dental wing at Hillyard's. Are they trying to tell us something?
im gonna have to pass
Gov. #Jindal announces Nalco Co. will build dry polymer facility at its Garyville plant, creating 22 new jobs, retaining 235 existing jobs
Let's give our senios something to dosince they tend to be the longest unemployed. They can have coffee with recent college graduates!
Nice reel Daniel!
Vezina winners don't give up soft goals like that. Oh wait...
RT : #Chrysler goes against #SuperBowl formula with #Clint. And scores.
Today’s Downtown specials are: Soups are Wild Mushroom and Tomato (vegan). Sugar free lemonade today is Cucumber mint.
Moe's sounds good. I live by Downtown, so I can meet at the Creasy one if you want.
Heck ya Grim ;)
Yes! I long for the day when those tickers at the bottom of the TV screen can be turned on and off via remote.
glad to join you in this space! Hugs!
My head is pounding :/
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway.
IM LEGAL IN SEPTEMBER , FINALLY lol
I will be the best librarian. Patron: "Hey, this site won't load, what gives"? Me: "Bet it's broken. Give up now, sweet cheeks."
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s in the downtown areas. In the mid 70s in the suburbs. North...
Amazing how much a person can get done starting at 5 am.
RT : Home & energized. NCSC/ALF always good, this was the best. It'll be hard to top. "Just Say'n"
Very close loss to a good Darien team today. Chaminade on thursday
We are just a wet dream in a web scene
We've played cards at Hustler - would love to chat abt poker opportunity. Follow so I can DM you or
wait, yes I was lol.
good stuff is coming.
text? object?
oh really? but OF COURSE!!!
Vac Reads: Cowboy & Wills, White Horse Trick, Educ. of Little Tree, Shoot to Thrill, Hanging Tree, Watchlist, 3 cups of Tea, Little Bee
Sent out gift certificates to local food bloggers - get ready for some great reviews!
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid $400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid $401.
Yeah! You know what looks awesome though is the iHome iP4.
Thks 4 preparing me mentally as I go 2 the next level in my career
Can't get enough of biggie .
Its raining like a bitch outside!,
Sitting in an insurance office waiting room. My, but fimmaking is glamorous!
Did you know that created the #Fxbg hashtag? - Ya learn something new every day....
I was in my car, Rolling with the windows down and sunroof open.
Listening to Nirvana today, It's been 18 years since Kurt Cobain died- who did "The Man Who Sold The World" better? Bowie or Nirvana?
Poetry spills from the cracks of a broken heart, but flows from one which is loved.
Dude ... , that is Bad A$$. I hope you have chills.
but that's irrelevant.
Dex One keeps calling trying to get us to pay for advertising. Seems like the largest waste of advertising dollars possible.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying
you said I put my hands up your shirt lol!
SOO sad Desperate Housewives is over forever...I've been watching that show since i can remember. Great finale though!
Perfect! Those are my favorite kind of people
- Thank you for the shout out! Can't wait to see you next week at the GFAF expo!
most people in my school suck, but there are a few who don't.
It's a bird... it's a plane... it's the DANGLER.
Some stuff I dont #Understand but it may mean it shouldn't be
THANKSS RT :s/o to my new follower
Hey Currently this is a pretty involved partner open to certain partners. However we are opening it up wider soon. DM me
You2! : Glad You Like It Enjoy your Saturday.:-)
Goodnight all!!
I think the ground zero water fountain looks better than the twin towers did.
Thanks for sharing. Privacy is my concern and the reason I'm at/in this webinar.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.- James Allen
My mind doesn't feel right...
Hate when it's not football season because then there is nothing on tv
Team follow back is always the best. <3
I'm starten to like her
Wait... seriously?! Tom Cruise is presenting best picture?
I'm sure I'll still see the new Superman movie. I just can't imagine it holding a candle to The Avengers.
Can't wait to watch the #grammys tonight... bittersweet
lol I'm not holding my breathe ;)
Too tired to think. There aren't enough hours in the day!
Good morning. I'm all ready up. Hate that.
just "oh?" lol. I'm totally joking around with you right now haha
No school for me tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
sorry buddy :(
Don't Distance Yourself.
Actually inspired my beard so this is appropriate.
lol I agree! You better all come Friday for my bday!
Hahahahaha Francis is actually hilarious!
Thanks Jeff! Appreciate the support! : , Jensen is bringing it! Fabulous food!
I'm curious, I've heard from libs that the author makes stuff up, and that parts of the book are plagiarized. Which is it?
Those are definitely two good questions
? about how much cheese, but i do agree that people can be extraordinarily generous without taking credit for it.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did he would cease to be an artist. - Oscar Wilde
dude that happens to me I kissed this girl and was so close to goin wit her then she turned into a sick and went wit her ex
miss_eli: I inspired a tech policy advocate/conf. planner to buy N Carr's book, The Shallows. Behold the power of librarians!
and good luck lol
#OddFact of the day: Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
We did! Hope to be back one day soon. A truly lovely spot.
#musesocial Q1. I think they do learn from eachother, how are online interactions between audiences different than in the museum?
I love mine. Money well spent.
RT : Q4) Analytics that can recognize and respond to a performance need.<<very much agree
Successful authors have a master plan of action.
RT Enjoy Before a Night Out: Spring has sprung, and there's no better way... via
OMG that vegetable is bitter. Treviso 1 - Me 0
#shoutout to one of the coolest people that I've ever met:
Bobby Knight's smile!
Just discovered that finally came out with a Droid app today! So happy!
Congrats! RT : Today is Founder's Day at GKTW. Happy Birthday Henri & Margo! Thank you for bringing hope into the lives of...
Sweet dreams are made of these, (nicotine patches)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SIS LOVE YOU! SEE YOU TONIGHT :)!
Heard this one? Two Snowmen walk into a bar and order a pizza! from Pizza Shuttle! We deliver all over the city!
Yes sir!
RT Follow for the latest 2010 Winter Olympics news from Vancouver
Nearing the end of the 8th week of my "GetFitintheNewYear" 2011 exercise program. I'm keeping it up pretty regularly & doing GREAT! RRRggh!
gonna head down to the capitol soon with the kiddos......
Gorgeous show Yoshi's #sanfrancisco 2nite w/ & Rare instance of poetry + jazz actually working creatively.
I ALWAYS READ IT REALLY FAST WHILE SCREAMING IT IN MY HEAD...
Church ! :) what are all you mahomies doing ?????
yes why?
Michelle you are the best! So great to start my morning with your brilliance. Hope we see each other soon!
Listening to driving to #Chicago to begin my new job at a soon-to-be #beer & wine dive, recalling my own Hofbräuhaus memories
What does the 'finish' line look like? > accurate, vertical-specific Google? Stack Overflow? How does GOOG respond?
: word felt the same way. It's almost like elections.
we're bestfriends :)
When is 1D coming to Cali? :)
Who knew buying a new motorcycle for the mrs. would be harder than buying a new pair of shoes?!
SO EXCITED FOR BROFRIEND! cannot wait...love from ireland xo
AT&T reduces the speed to something untenable. Blows
yes ma'am! I thought us gay folks were supposed to destroy traditional marriage???
and I are in another wedding bring on the after party !
an anus
i use remember the milk too but i'm thinking of trying teux deux because it looks prettier (ie, minimal)
What did you do with your 1 hr of activity? RT : I slept for 23 hours yesterday. Literally
Shifting around my business ToDo list via Apples Reminder app. Anyone suggest another list app? Mine tend to be lloonngg. Love organization.
Having fun at the #SanDiegoAutoSho Love the #car2gosandiego setup. Car-sharing is my new second car! Check it out!
not quite, on call but activated.
It's even better when friends have amazing taste (read: Founding Farmers cocktails FTW!) RT : Love what a small world DC is! :)
Follow Me Please!? 39
I know who she is :)!
Hows it looking? are the WebCams loading better now?
Trivia Tuesday now in progress. Which team will emerge victorious and win 1/2 off their tab?
Sure. And their weakest album is still a great album. But Alligator and Boxer are still closest to my heart.
At for orientation I feel like cattle
Got dialed in to the Twitter Pull Module today. Simple, elegant, powerful & highly themable.
Well, I knew what it was, but it's not like it comes up everyday... I'm more likely to say Big Foot.
Oh. And getting tickets Friday. Yup. I'm a happy camper.
Yes! RT Please, Americans, stop trying to do English accents. 99% of the time they sound totally awful.
Catching some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Pick up a free issue of today! I'm really proud of this issue, especially page five (you have my permission to flip right to it).
RT 2,000-Year-Old Dead Sea Scrolls Go Online n.pr/r3cOvL
Take cover everyone in Bloomington
is it more awkward to correct someone who has consistently called you the wrong name or to answer to it? my name is not carrie :)
What's the life span of a crab?? It's as long as he doesn't get caught and Eaten LOL. Sorry I know, dumb joke but it was funny to me lol.
So this dude just told me he hope the Lakers lose...i almost lost it..smh
I have a couple of new artists that I would like 2 promote... what type of promotional packages do you have available?
ooh that doesn't sound good! Have you seen a pulmonologist? My DS is recovering from pneumonia right now.
Will the 76ers finally get a 30pts tonight?
This town has gone Super Bowl crazy
certainly not down in Central Oregon... it's so windy and cloudy here. #SpringWhereYouAt?
"We must preserve his legacy by continuing to represent the culture he loved so much" - LL Cool J on MCA's passing
How closely government "terror" policy has aligned itself to exactly what we had been warned about time and again. People just don't heed.
My bestfriend massages my feet...How nice ? Ohh yeah. I'm boss now (;
I want to take your misery; replace it with happiness, but i need your faith in me
thanks for the b-day wishes Andrea! I hope all is well!
It's my last week in Colorado... Yes, I've already cried about it this morning.
So many fun flavors(scents) to choose from. 30 to be exact. Can't choose? Join the Ped.Pal Club Buy 5 get one free!
or mike hunt
Heard on : #occupywallstreet #ows #occupyKst #occupyDC -- All about giving VOICE to people whose voice has been ignored!
I want a person to come into my life by Accident, but stays on Purpose<3 and thats exactly what happened(:
Every once in a while…for 10 minutes at at time :)
haha MHMMM! ^.^ that movie is to freaking cute though!
Especially in front of you
Time for #FULLCOURTLIFE! !!! #love!
Game 7 in Boston Let's Go Bruins Let's Go. Great job TYLER!!!!
"What's in the past is past."
Follow she's my twin sister :D
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're a lazy pothead. I see no future.
Last of four days off in Colorado... breathe.
Due for an oil change? At Express Lube, we'll provide our premium service oil change in a matter of minutes. Come on by today!
"either your slangin crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I was going to hit Twin Peaks tonight but reminded me of what's more important. The gym.
Lord Why Do People Mess Uup There Lives And Blame It On There Parents
NEW YORK RANGERS AH literallllyyyyy heart attacks GALORE!!!!!
Why I love my job - this am I am exploring the many tools for making subjective judgments using probability :) My head just may explode.
The clock in Johnston Hall is broken.
how long did you queue for?
Yes! thank god rock won in #wrestlemaniaWrestleMania XXVIII
I blame it on all those "cool" Fosters beer commercials
The older you get, the less people you trust !
good morning,1st day of production - ready for the madness.
time shall heal all wounds
I'm taking it day by day, wounded N.H. officer says - Boston Herald
watching #theWantedontheVoice!:D
I'L TRY JAMALLL RT : MAN MAKE THEM GO
oh - now that'd be nice.. but it would make it a little more difficult to get out a sentence! they r really puffy though
Me to gym buddy trainer: "The day that I give up white rice will be the day my grandma rolls outta her grave + smacks you upside the head."
get ya ass killed over bills like buffalo
I dont remember me havin to call u back... I thought u was gonna let me know when the studio free my bad
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 16
Excited for the meeting with good friend tomorrow !!!
need your help
PIZZA MAKING DATE! RT : <U+2665> Order our Heart-Shaped Pizza for two! Available ready-made or as a kit to take home. 412-904-3277
Carrie Underwood is coming to the Rose Garden on Sunday October 7th. Tickets go on sale this Friday.
I’ve Roamed Over The “Seven Continents” Looking For You Only To Find You Sitting On My Front Porch
i fall too fast,crash too hard forgive too easy,and care too much
you should host poker and win ;)
": [Insert obligatory tweet about hoping to win the Mega Millions here.]" Chances are greater that I'll b struck by lightning
and have a great bet goin on Not a fan of the jets, but think Beadle would do something killer on the billboard
Band night with
#funnight feel better soon, I am sick too, send the Kleenex my way :(
We don't! :( But we have absolute faith in them for game 6 & 7!
That'll be coming back later
Any special occasion why you're in vegas?
Yeah.... I like that junk.
:) I love that song!!
What do authors think of this amazon lending library?
That's my reasoning why #bully is inappropriate for under 11. Besides, most of the adults were crying during suicidal moments. Emotional.
Missing in science
im in chill mode
The dreads are going in! Let's hope they stay... with
is this the real Robert?
You can fast-forward through all the bad parts. Which pretty much means the whole game, so no.
Any Internet streaming of the USA-BRA game?
RT : If there's a section of Heaven reserved for cats, I'll bet it smells awful.
Yes. Moving back to the Midwest.
Last haircut before wedding any suggestions? Mohawk? Buzzcut? Shaved bald?
At airport. Gotta love Burbank :)
Not tonight my friend
Wow 's horrendous behavior just makes me want to lose even more
hello, hello!
#igetmadwhen people keep things from me and act like its okay.
“: concerning OPD: All they seem to care about is whether they're wasting the money, not the integrity of any investigations.”
Happy birthday to Matt Harvey! 26 years old it is pretty damn good!)) all the best, bro!
Our #changlorious #freefriday offer is open to residents of #teamblanketsburg and #pillowtown ... And
Just saw Addai signed with Pats. Steal for NE. Pats fans gonna get so much more than they realize/expect.
Thank you for all you have done for Milwaukee... or that's right, you have don't nothing for us
Man Indigo - Trampolines – They Will Teach Your Kids About Camping
Happy Wednesday!
Followed but don't like spiders!
RT : #Virgo children are intellectual and artistic. They love to figure out how to make something, then make it beautiful."
The convos me n oomf have <U+E056>
a clean house brings a clean spirit. purchasing bins for a more spacious and neat look.
If you are and looking for the new pain au levain,do yourself a favor and order it unsliced and in a paper bag.
I'm struck by how much this session is a lit-scholars conversation; literary DHers use such different tools than historians
I'm finishing up the interaction design class on lynda. Mostly refresher but very well done.
Have a great weekend at camp, Jerel!
Join us at Culinaria tonight, 5-7pm, for Sips in the City! Unwind from work and enjoy complimentary beer, wine and apps. bit.ly/vUmjKz
Math city bitch math math city bitch math city bitch math math city bitch math city bitch math math city bitch 10 10 10 20 =50 bitch
did you just fart ? cos you blew me away :)
Me to my mom keeps telling me to get of she dont understand its adicting I CANT!! =)
Fell asleep on the couch in my clothes and glasses. Woke up in freak out mode, today is going to be a long day.
Are you coming to see Annie?
It's been fixed!
I love the little 'whoohoo' in there.
Had 4 hand aroma therapy massage today in Bali for under $20 USD. WOW! Amazing!
In the end, hard to crack semantic web nut: Complexity, ambiguity of language get in the way.
I'd say today was a pretty great day
Awesome! Sounds like I need to be in touch with you and
funny how I'm listening to Turn Me On rn lmao
I hate to say this in spite of a death...but as Americans, with no jobs, no royal wedding, no sense of hope, it feels good to be unified.
Survivor, Resister & Actor Curt Lowens in conversation w/ Prof Wolf Gruner at noon Monday 3/26 in Doheny Library
Everybody come to the PAC tomorrow to watch me perform my original song Curtain Call and a great classical guitar piece!
I'm not a parent (yet) but I still wouldn't bring my hypothetical baby to a bar. Apparently people do that.
RT “: If i can TAKE yo nigga , he wasn't YOURS from the beginning ! Bitch ..”| LMBOOOO!
Hey! How'd you get a copy of iPhone 4.0? Is it available for developers only?
From where I am in CA, it's really hard to understand why folks are so upset about
If he'd shown any iota of that "talent" they wouldn't have.
What do you mean destroy...how about barely surviving with a man down for 12 minutes...our keeper saved us...great game!!
i found that tweet below that i re-tweeted very intriguing in making such a comparison it made of the two bands concerned ???
What are you talking about? I have never been on his account. Look. Its over. Why are being like this? Why can't you
I'm loving life since walked into it <3
lmao... I'm trying to better myself. I get one reckless moment a day. I accidentally uses it already lol
When gatorade freezes in the fridge so it tastes like a slushy >>>
wen makes u smile wen she texts you
that's what's up, I'll look for it my Brotha ...
Compared to 2010 the #RedSox have scored in double-digits 8 imore times - but at the same time been shut out 7 more times.
how are you?:D
Wow, dirty shot from Wade. Lucky he didnt get bounced by the reffs, oh wait... its the Heat.
Big day today, volunteering in a 1st grade reading class, and my first day teaching college kids.. Hope I don't get the materials mixed up
When your shoes don't match what your wearing <<<
have any artist suggestions or streaming sources?
Jeremy Lin benched tomorrow for only dropping 10 points. 15 minutes of fame almost finished.
It's about time. : Yes! Good bye Greg!!!!
Board games? Video games? Anykind of games?
Hey there, long time no talk huh? How have all you been? lol
Feeling rather skeptical that anyone born today will have any interest in print book or magazine collections except as "collectibles."
thank you!
I have so many clothes & idk what to wear!
There's no movin' on, cause I know you're the one.<3
I don't know if I'd like guinea pig, but not much can beat ! RT guinea pig..nothing as good as the goat
Thank God Sonya was ok!
DeMaio says San Diego's water isn't just environmental issue, it's an economic issue.
Thanks #pla12! It's been great! On to NYC!
when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace -Sri Chinmoy Ghose
UM no not off the top of my head srry
we haven't won since 1988 (course 2 years less than U of L) and suffered through Mccourt. Ill take what I can get.
We have Shellac Mainucres and Pedicures!!! Call today at 577-8953 and book your next appt or visit our website at msalonaz.com
Happy v day twitters !!!! Hope you're having an awesome time !!!! :)
tell me you love me
I hope to be 1/100th of the actor you are. I teach survival skills..and every time I make a fire, I imitate you in Cast Away.
Michael Floyd is a guy any team would love to have. Floyd and on one field. Minnesota dudes!
Hoping I don't get assassinated on this Ides of March.
So Justin bieber is on the #MoneyTeam now apparently?
saaamme with mme! People say stuff about me all the time because I weigh 90 pounds, & I'm flat chested. Smh can't help it
Twitter is weird
Why didn't St. Paul residents get texts about the snow emergency? The story is coming up on the
Where do you listen to music the most?
you can ship me over in a box!
Societal norms have changed and now allow for female fandom to be more
“: my mom ALWAYS mad”
the same thing happens with my oldest sob and mommy. Uncomfortable
Not feeling so good today
Thanks for catching that John. We're looking into it. You're right, I bad viewing experience is unacceptable!
#Congrats to
I Swear its so amazin to be a THUG.. A True Hero Under #Gods sight from above -Zro
She came in all like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> and then like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> in less than 5secs lmao
Move to Seattle!
well I guess opinions may just differ. :)
Roll Tide !!! SEC Champ in Janurary going to be another SEC Champ in April !!!! GO CATS !!!!
#thepowermix live at 5 #itsgoingdown! i am in the mix #BATONROUGE What up hit us up
ScrapnChick: Wonder Pets Birthday Party
Yeah, but at least we CT types don't eat pizza w/a knife & fork.
She's doing it for free...is worth the publicity.
#beatboston stat and melo will do damage!
this stuff will put me to sleep lol
So, instead of citrus, flowers, melons, ocean it's more woods & earth.
Less talk people and more action!
- Charging your phone 5 minutes before you leave Because you think it will make a difference t>,<
#kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sun, May 13 1:00p: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm. Fun...
People don't realize sarcasm is my native language. Keep taking everything everyone says seriously and see how that works out for you :)
LOL, at least it's not all the sparkly vampires on mine
Im seriously so happy right now. jsdfhldkjghkjshgkh.
Dear Headphones, stop having rough sex in my pocket. Sincerely, tired of untangling.
this whole week been stressful
lol okay I can't wait to see what you looked like young. lol me too! k good night <3
Haha well thank you very much!!
Thanks!! Hope you're still thinking of coming to Philly!
One more day of Spring Break. It hasn't gone as planned, but I appreciate the warm weather.
Now we gon get fucked up no excuses no apologies
Vacation T-W. just landed Houston for 5-day conference
New to stores this fall, Breaking Bad flash cards! Don't just teach spelling! Teach important life lessons too(i.e.runningamethlab)!-A.M.
Morning sex is the best. Hell, im the best.
COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS HAS HELP DIABETIC GROW HAIR BACK& IS ALSO SAFE FOR BABIES, LOOKING FOR EXPOSURE office5869352461
Ok on the clock... don't fuck it up!
I got 5 tickets! Deal's still on, right? ;)
I forgive (:
Thinking about constructing social spaces through digital tools in Conversation Starter session B11 at
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
Lamb's in the Boro and so is Jones!
Boston is so much greener than Maine currently. Reason number: 184493628292 why I like Boston over Maine.
Paige, you need to come. He's YOUR husband, remember? ;D
we're ( ) doing a film production this summer. Let's talk in May about it.
happy birthday Kevin!!!
“: Good AM RT : Awesome #FollowFriday ” You too!
You are ready early! You must be pumped!
HE SAY HE LOVE ME W.E THAT IS
The Wave have won the 2012 MISL Championship.
Me too
I hate finals only because you if you finish early, half my teachers won't let me listen to my iPod. :(
#ListOfTurnOns dimples,smile,abs,teeth,great personality, and education,
I agree!! RT : Smh don't apologize to that hater
thanks for the follow:-)
Schwarzenegger and Stallone are asked to be in a movie about composers. Stallone said he wants to be Mozart. Arnie says "I'll be Bach"
Thanks for the follow!
is the best person ever!!!
Never felt sorry for but definitely was sorry that she had to go through it--as I do for anyone fighting cancer.
: Employers don't need cdt checks on employees. However, Internal Controls should be taken seriously. Sep/duties, etc.
I hope you went to church
Merry Christmas To You Too!! (:
Sarcasm: the ability to insult idiots , without them realizing it.
#AskJakeThrupp surfing or swimming? :)
But LTE? I have literally never though, man, wish I had 3G on my current iPad as there is always wifi where I want to use it.
Lets get that no good weirdo fruitcake woman killer!!! and get him back to the USA to face justice!!!!! for Natalee!!!!!!
Wish from a #librarian at an archives conference: MCLC (More Content, Less Context).
New York Times Launches Social Media Ad Program
Should be on the golf course. Not at work!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
titular men? How did Bawney Fwank come into this conversation?
#lessexcitingbandnames Bad Meets Eva
Loved ABQ native #ActuallyNPH on the Tonys. Brilliant performance and inspiring comments on the value and importance of live theatre!
Oh my god, we need to trend it.
Why, oh why does it feel like late July?
Got more surprises for all my wonderful fans... Stay tuned this week for exciting updates and mail outs!
Maria Menounos powered through two broken ribs and a fractured foot while performing on “#DancingWithTheStars”. Who has your vote?
I'll k km in j ink you'd ok lobbyists n .
Maggie Smith gets better every episode. Also I may or may not have gotten 4.5 hours asleep because of love affair with Downton
#kindle daily deal today for Bio of a Space Tyrant series. Vol 1 is #free! The other 5 are only $.99. A classic #scifi epic.
I went to eppies for lunch today and it was like a pregnant ladies convention in there. What was going on about 6 months ago in Cville?
I just saw an old man wearing the 8 ball jacket and a leather baseball cap to match. Awesome
Just voted in the DC Primary...I was voter #61 and the 1st Republican
looks like the conversation kept going. Omar I'd appreciate it if you could unblock so we can communicate
I see u're following ppl(: Why not me? :o
I know you have been hurt, I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
Congrats to the Flyers!
Coolin in class ready to go home
Your right Tony!! “: Gotta love Anthony Bennedetto.”
Sitting here with my lady listening to her play guitar and trying to figure out why youtube's server is down..
Hey we're glad to hear it! Feel free to let us know if you ever have a question or a suggestion.
The Marlins build a 56 zillion dollar stadium and the fans chant, "let's go heat" after game. Good luck Ozzie Guillen.
*evil laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Agree RT : Please stop using the words "Game Changer" after every tech/social announcement please. That is all. Thank you.
made the mistake of following Major timeline hijacker! Too much of a good thing!
LMFAO my school got a twitter....they have like 400 tweets but only 12 followers. LOLOLOLOL
Have fun! #payback RT Heading to the #Bulls game tonight. Payback time for the
Saw & vertone at wing Daddy's :)
- man I can't believe Sapp would start that nonsense. Smh
Great concept RT : Fail faster than competitors = learning faster
RT : #cool!.... Easter was great! Hoe yoyrs was... good morning Deana! I'm gonna put Ace on my "followers" you ...
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate bein smart but when half the bitches out here who are havin fun right now are workin @ Micky D's ill be making 2 mil
I need my headphones, omg.
If you have the chance, go see Ryoji Ikeda: The Transfinite at the Park Ave Armory. It is fantastic.
TweetDeck for Chrome now Twitter-branded. Looks nice.
Expect Anything From Anyone; The Devil Was Once An Angel.
*singing* Tee E Bo! Tebow!!!
I hate to say this but Randle is another good pick fuckng Giants and Marc Ross
love you kels!
feelin lonely earlier so called a fuckcub to fuck, cuddle, andspend the night. he's asleep and I'm horny again. What to do, what to do...
My brain hurts... Alcohol will make it better
Friendship: A series of nick names, inside jokes and drama... U gotta love it!!xD
You've got 2 more hours to sign-up for tomorrow's beach volleyball tournament! Sign-up at the Info Desk!
Kool-Aid voice "Oh Yeah" RT : So the Bills are the "Dream Team" now, right?
Wait....just saw this. Sugar free? Completely? Mama I'm scared. What's happening in this world?? (But actually congrats!)
Someone come pour coffee into me until I can move again. Ahem...
unprivated it, thanks man
have a wonderful day!
today must be my lucky twitter day 333 followers there must be some significance all those 3's
I want to be on the beach right now
rt: Party is on in DC in a big way....
im not being a strsnger baby just been real busy lately you have always been in my mind
Is SOPA a first amendment issue? Seems like it might be.. Should newspapers join the blackout?
Got to say: The Nation is indispensable to me. Gotta have it! Such thoughtful, interesting, cogent writing. #
You don't know my grief
Nope, we don't have a sink disposal.
Homemade rice crispy treats<3
Why you no follow me?!
U JUST saw this tweet--sorry!Downloaded and look forward to listening. Sorry I didn't know twas there til now! xo
wait Talib... Get proof first LBVS
You guys did it up right! RT : Record Store Day is over
I know you totally wanna practice and work out on the off day big guy. We're here all day to do your laundry, don't worry!
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm sore but looking better and want more of it! What gets your butt off the couch?
Did the heat win?
Guy on the bus reading a Kindle AND an iPhone while listening to headphones.
And these birds won't shut up outside my window
": Foooodddddddd" - ima devour this chicken wing in ya honor :)
no neck monsters..
“: Someone's has a little lesbo crush on lawlz your obsessed and a hoe.” AMEN. This is why we're best friends.
Happy Valentine's Day! Did you know that pink roses represent everlasting love?
Now I pay the price at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Congrats on your WFR!
Glad I stopped by to support Tx Titans 16u cause they're leading Baltimore Elite 16u. 71-53 with 3min left.
Hey guys! Checkout goodexposure.org ! And learn more about Suprah Navahs up coming music video!
Thank for the follow hun!
no fun in that! I'm sure that's what you're used to. Your name is kind of inviting it.
“: I was the first view! Also is it too soon to declare #teambuffy ?” what do u think ?
I miss my bestie!!!
"The crisis of public higher ed has its roots in the contempt for scholarship you condone." Exactly, cc
#SpotTheShuttle #Discovery and Washington Monument are all trending worldwide. The power of D.C. nerddom is not to be underestimated.
Is anyone going to grow their own vegetable/herb garden this year? We usually grow herbs, but we will be growing veggies this year!
But who really knows, 2010 got beat by a smaller WVU team with a fat point guard. Wall and Bledsoe should have been able to drive.
wish the site can have open, moderated, accessible comments. They're the best part of 's site.
you own my heart he's only renting... i love that
Male Health: many men with prostate cancer are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Lycopene, Vitamin E and Soya
Congrats to #Bills on making things happen! My Question: #10 pick now- WR, OT, CB all make sense, or should they take another pass rusher?
Born to win.
Yeah, bring it!
It doesn't fit with their narrative of preset ideas. It is sad
- you are very welcome!
You looking fa a dude, girl i aint yo guy....
Hello! Do I know u? Just wondering.
We at Indigo Tree Publishing wish to extend a HAPPY THANKSGIVING to all our friends - editors, designers, artists, retailers & book buyers.
I'll bet you are... Damn...lol
tis a bummer indeed. did you watch him on the Colbert Report a few months back? it was quite humorous,
Pirates of the Caribbean. If you know of any movie that could be more epic, (which I doubt) tweet it to me. But nothing is better then POTC
"Guess You Don't Remember/All The _____ You _____In My Whip/"---That just got real serious!!!
As the 3rd is set to start. The marauders seek a fresh start with ty Kovach in net
2cd drive for first team offense wide right missed fg
1 more for Everton and I get 30 pts IKTS ;-) Newcastle....well, at least we finished above Chelsea and Liverpool ;-D!
Celebrating my first week with a cocktail
I'm so excited for may 1st salt lake hopefully be able to get v.i.p passes love you guys:)
TAKE CARE OF YOUR BODY like the temple that it is!!!
Got my beta invite to the new Evernote, Pinterest: Say farewell. It's all over.
Things I learned on Twitter today: Dick Vitale likes the banner; the cobra's still tweeting; KC gets Google's ultra fast broadband.
Thanks for helping sponsor the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend & hope your training June 7-9 is a great success!
Afternoon Twitter! Looks like you have been way busier than myself muah ha ha!
Clock out, untuck my shirt, heading to the rally
church is letting out
The term "USDA-inspected" isn't worth the server it was tweeted on. It's like saying that laws are "government-approved"
are #energizers Presbyterian? They excite my #sarcasticandsnarky tendencies.
Ahh #HelloMonday how I despise you at least we have nice weather
lol had too
to be able to sing is truly a beautiful gift.
Awesome Grinch
Hope everyone has an amazing 2012!!!! Its going to hard to top how perfect 2011 was, but I'm sure going to give it a try!!! =)
Great hanging with you at the Green Mill, thanks for coming out!
Trying to figure out plans for nye
hahaha that was too funny
Thanks Andrea, Got some great things happening this week, including the launch of MarketingBum.tv with audio & video podcasts
This is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night.
People try to change thier environment & friends but sometimes it just boils down to them!!!
Great to hear! RT : HRP in Florida has moved! Visit us at 1817 Cypress Brook Drive, Suite 102 in New Port Richey, FL
Inspired to Inspire!
I've tweeted 5x re:sheriff's lab witness who perjured himself & suddenly left the dept. Dumanis refuses to inform bar. HUge!
Thankful that things are in their way up! Even when it's the darkest, God shines a light that lets me know I'm not forgotten!
I'm always in Dallas. I'm going back end of the month. I'm headed to Cali the upcoming week. You got to show me around
I could never leave you all without asking, duh!
really, when was the last year U saw a Colt team make this many penalties? Very undisciplined!! They need a coaching change!!!
Man... Why is it that the Hoosiers just cannot win a road game? Smh.
Ralph??! Omg lucky!
REALLY?!? Hmm I should work there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>lol
Whitney will truely be missed. I can't believe its her funeral today :'(
#TeamFollowBack I am now following <<< follow
I like my horse being in the 3 slot. Take Charge Indy has speed and Borel loves being on the inside.
PG () saying Harrison will play and will start
Love the website and Facebook page!
True, the Swoosh just gets me sprung
Watching one of my all time great movie.( Gladiator )
Omg ! Cousins truck got stolen in st.Louis this morning ...gotta work black Friday in about 4 hours !
": But my car won't start"damn dat sucks
omg that was my life up until 2 weeks ago!!! It was horrible.
#ISConf No innovation will thrive in risk averse nonprofits that don't allow failure speakers talking about their failures
If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been. ~ Robert Brault
NJ Att. Gen announced today that 27 men and one woman charged in NJSP child porn investigation. Some from South Jersey.
20 - 11 ... That's impressive! Congratulations! I hope you'll still be playing the rest of the games. :-)
My timeline has been blown up by and haha!(:
Just made 25 Dollars yay me
Everyone is jumping on the country bandwagon these days. Just saw Lionel Richie has a new country album coming out. Who's next?
In my mind I'm playing lawn darts with baby unicorns. Or something.
Shatner and hilarious together. Add Ham Rove and you'd have three hams.
Aww man that killjoy
electrical fire in Memorial Gym. Real shoot out workers worked in Memorial
Someone slashed my tire last night while I was at work o_O ai
tweets always make me smile :")
“: We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today in N.C. He threw the ball great and looked very comfortable out there.”
The MAC address changes though
Trynna win the lotto so I buy tickets in every state
okay and is you mad?
Almost nothing irritates or depresses me more than construction noise. Gotta come up with a plan to deal this summer.
What a great concert last night for #happyhour with
Kerri`s Write Something: Electronic cigarette holder car.
I never have anything clever to tweet!
oh yeah we have stuff to talk about
I think I have pastry cream in my hair. Again.
Your evening sounds incredible! Once in a lifetime opportunities! Question: Does the MUO apartment have access to a piano?
Strive for progress, not perfection.
: Step one to doin something... Do it urself
I never thought I'd see the day when the NFL network would discuss a Lady Gaga tweet.
Towel monster strikes Stanford!
Same table today, looking forward to taking all of your chips!!!
The #tweetmythesis I just posted was my dissertation thesis. Are people tweeting current projects too?
That appears...unnatural.
happy! happy!! happy!!! birthday! birthday!! birthday!!! sister i love u so much!! ooooweee mayne we gone have us some fun
thanks so much wish you could be here!!!
I stand corrected
hi britt
That article bugs me too. And I heart The Corrections & am bummed about #HBO's choice. Call me a lurid young man, I loved TB.
chelsea handler is such an old washed out ho. Eww that was meanQ
Lmao bring it
RT : Jobs starting to return largely because wages are trending downward. We accomplish little if we create jobs by lowering wages.
I seriously hate auditions.
lol Orton almost botched his little apron hop.
Great work by launching ! I love this!!!!
I hate that Bon Iver says his name wrong.
sorry beautiful but fuck LA lol, cant stand them cats, hope the thunder or San Antonio bust they ass, no hard feelings
Be sure to vote for only one candidate in the WI presidential primary tomorrow, not one from each party :)
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I was hoping to go out with your friend, but you'll do.
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Halloween Social last night! You made the event a great success - nearly 400 people came out!
I made choc mousse from avocados ...amazing
Grad school may sound like a safe choice but ABD isn't fun- don't attempt a PhD unless you r fully committed.
Ah… Or, I prefer saying "Shut Up." Ha Ha Ha
Need 2 tickets to #NYTM tomorrow. Anyone not able to go?
not because i don't like her but because i just can't deal
Are you going to the Yellow Phone Music Conference tomorrow?
What is it that you want that is missing?
did you delete my account
Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like
yeah but you got it. If you passed remediation the final shouldn't be that bad
Cutest guy on youtube ? Go follow him if you haven't ! You won't regret it<3
#Diabetes: Hemoglobin A1C test measures average blood sugar over a period, 2-3 months. The lower the result, its better.
250 for new glasses...a god... money no grow pon tree lol
Wondering how many people will tweet "Marry Me" at tomorrow.
Not really a miracle... Bad defense by #packers. RT : Wow. A miracle catch for the Giants. That never happens.
yes I did. I need to know what would be the next step
likewise! Nice work repping the Midwest :)
To CONGRESS: We do NOT NEED "GUN CONTROL"! We need legislators (state and federal) to update the laws in this country, so that criminals...
or the part about getting your MBA from Georgia Tech
Heading to Heinz Field today to protect our boys at the game
It's been two months and you said you'd help me be full. Why does it feel like I'm completely empty almost every day?
yeah u betta be joking u knew id pop u in ur little 14 year old mouth! :)
Drew And Brittany Brees Talk About Their Food Allergies And Raise Money for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
There's a thin line btwn psychology and self-help books nowadays
okay well then were both bitches. Yeah?
not me...that literally was a nailbiter!
Do you have a good drill to address thin contact/topping?
: Will go on as a mentor for The Glee Project?!
my shorts? Lol
it is after you enter all of your address info on the last checkout page, or on the main page if you use Google Checkout
#america , where salads are more expensive then hamburgers, & ebooks are more expensive then regular books.
awesome! Our waiter Johnee was so much fun!
RT : still partying. No sleep for real...with 4 real though!
Where are you seeing that????
So I think someone stole my garage beeper out of my car. Who does that? SMH.
Happy Birthday Have a wonderful day!
I feel like food distracts me more from studying then my phone does
Only made it to the first day of #ir12 due to work. About to get on the cruise and rely on tweets I've read to keep up with conversation.
Omg gonna meet the boys tomorrow at playlist!!!!!!! :D
If the tax payers win in wisconsin it is like gettysburg. More states will be empowered and energized to follow.
MT : Wonking out on #ACA at #nasi2012 conference. Ate lunch with LA Times columnist Michael Hiltzik.
Pawn Stars isn't a realistic portrayal of a pawn shop because the history of most things pawned stopped at the filed down serial numbers.
We did that for a while but found that short surveys didn't provide enough nuance. Will reformulate at some point.
whats on the agenda:State Treasurer Roundtable
Dammit! I feel like I'm getting a sore throat.
i love reading anything ms. fletcher writes. especially the ones on the blog!
Having gone for years, I have to admit that I now prefer to experience #SDCC vicariously through tweets & pics; less crowded, less smelly
Green smoothie and crepes for breakfast. I love Thursdays at #sdsu!
yeah aren't they just great
I love my sister, no matter what's happened with our family. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
who are they "eluding"? Those pesky proofreaders?
Looking up a band and going "Holy shit they're good! Why couldn't I have known them before?" that happened to me today with
Tirra Lirra Record Update: sample presses sound good. going to press after the holiday.
": “: Nigga please!” you can't say that word" he just did
The thinker dies, but his thoughts are beyond the reach of destruction. Men are mortal; but ideas are immortal. - Richard Adams
firstrowsports.tv or follow for HD links.
how was your trip to where ever you went???
this stupidity is getting redundant
Practicing in the lab working on a new demo! Happy Friday!
Subscribed calendars should show up as 'busy' on main calendar. If my cal says I'm in the air, I can't attend a meeting.
Off sum 1800
haven't been able to log in to the site with twitter for like a week now. issues?
Everytime I see Woody Harrelson on TV I have to say.. Zombieland!
It's Beer Fight Day! We got one ticket left! Who's the lucky beer geek gonna be?
Where are those pictures? I may have a hangover moment.
lol well then nobody RT'd that last tweet #burn where all of Bluey's fans at cmon now tweeps
hahahahha that sucks
hawkeye is cute too but thor is my kind of guy classy strong the hair
Single single single single for tonite
The children in the gallery are in awe of the artistic genius
I'm gonna be up all night
A solid F for that half. I expect much better in the 2nd half. Hopefully Gant doesn't want to go out like this, who knows about Ross/Tone...
very cool!!
The grass isn't always greener..
I'm ready.
MLB fires Shyam Das? I'd like to give that man a job, not to mention a laurel and hearty handshake.
OMG! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Your 18 so I can't date you anymore untill I turn 18;( Haha well I love you and have a FANTASTIC day<3
Feel old saying this..What has happened to our youth. These LP high students need to cover up a bit. A Ton.
The best way to avoid disappointment is to not expect anything from anyone.
watching Mob Wives. Ready for bed.
War of 1812 in Ohio -- information at www.warof1812.Ohio.gov
Some guys with a microphone like will just never get it. The O's tragedy has now affected a hero and his family.
Can't wait till the semester is over and I can start my amazing summer. I have a Bali yoga retreat planned for June!
great workout! NOW errands!
Happy Birthday to my homeboy Cedric "Heavy D" Patterson.
New beginnings never get old
hey ANNE!!!! wutz good???
Only now am I fully appreciating the luxury and necessity of a Quiet Place to Write.
Tweeting battle
Currently shorting the
RT Seaweed, spirulina salad, marinated raw veggies, apples, chocolate, and green juice.
Have to start looking at things the right way make good choices , succeed and get somewhere . I have goals and I'm pursuing them ....
and i went to my mom and said mom i need a hug i told her why and i said what if he quits and just idk mom i just need a hug!!
woo! Good luck! Just be your charming self and you'll be great! And then tell me how it goes!!
People tripping on shrooms almost make me want some. Almost.
; in that case u shud start accepting applications for a new man in ur life
Happy New Year East Coasters! Hope to see y'all soon in 2012.
What do you call a bee who's had a spell put on him ?He's bee-witched !
its time for you to get a new phone then :)
this is so true for relationship these days
yea more people need to do that, people are disgusting
Just heard giving a statement about the street car on 5 days after swearing in, she's already working for Arlington!
You are gorgeous af follow me?:)
A2: like anything else, you gain C-lev buy-in when show value against broader goals
Pink sugar is freaking expensive. -.-
I hadn't realized Kenny was on here!
Jack Sparrow?
I sure hope so! This winter has been especially brutal.
haha.. I love your enthusiasm!! My hint was to easy. Keep checking Facebook, twitter, & our website. Updates are coming soon!!
RT Excited to learn more about - clearly a leader at #2012GSNC & in the field!
Me too! :D
Kids go where there is excitement. They stay where there is love.
what song is that?
you are my spirit animal
Omar Infante now has more home runs (2) in three ABs, then the #Phillies have had in 3 + 2/3 games. I cant wait for Utley+ Howard to be back
Happy Wednesday, Columbus!
Please don't follow me if you are against partying, because you're just going to waste both of our time.
whats fan of the week ? lol
I hope I don't go to school tomorrow probably I won't plus I am really sick!!! And the teachers said I could go back when I feel better yey!
So far this has been an Alabama Shakes kind of morning. Don't be jealous.
#HACKED by
Done playing with the sorry team now time to go play with Ricardo's team
Don't worry. Those are old.
Senses Fail new song, "The Fire"...check it!
RSVP: Fun Little Movies
yeah kinna pissin in the wind and up hill when u do that.
Only possible response: "Oops."
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
Happy cinco de mayo drunken clothing swap...day!
"Maybe in 15 or 20 years we can actually be friends." ....lol uh no thanks Mr Connors don't hold your breath.
I like them all except Va Tech over FSU. Oregon State have a chance to upset Oregon?
Okay.. Cool with me.. Wait whats ur name so i can save it in my phone
Thanks so much! I have heard great things about that festival, too. Definitely going to submit to them!
Trying to put my baby to sleep.
Predators @ Coyotes Game 2 Thread - On The Forecheck (blog)
BREAKING: The Red Sox got Robert Andino out. Just a little bit late.
yup! It's on right now :)
does Denver kicking the tires on Manning mean they are not committed to Tebow???
Tx! We've posted regular messages on our intranet from the Japan team. In response, our employees wrldwide have been generous.
We would like to ask our followers to retweet those news stories & articles/reviews 2 others they think their followers would like 2 know
is here. real dude.
Okay, im about to get in the shower, Bbl.
APPARENTLY PAUL MCCARTNEY WAS ON 30 ROCK. WHY DID I MISS THIS.
Hope I don't throw up breakfast!
Every Monday Night, Happy Hour lasts til 10pm! $1 #Local Oysters, $3 Drafts and $4 Wines by the Glass. Be Bold!
via : It’s Teacher Appreciation Week - Take a second to #thankateacher and reflect on your favorite educators.
Just had a great afternoon chat with for her podcast series! We are both fans of &
Spending some time with a HTC Evo Design 4G (Sprint) as it has been a while since I really immersed myself in the Android user experience.
are you going to be at the ca vs riot tourney? This year?
Daylight Saving Time is March 11. Which means we lose an hour. Can't we just move it a 1/2 hr and leave it that way year round?
Explored the city of Ottawa tonight and really enjoyed it. Nice pubs! Made me realize how I miss to sit outside in a T-shirt at night.
Anyone have agood accident story? We would like to give away free auto services to those with the funniest story!
Nope :( I'm off today. Doing homework, cleaning and writing 'thank you' notes. Might actually have to cook real food.
FAB. Details please?
If I have to be confused with anyone, I am glad it's you. :)
Amy thanks for the follow
City bound. Gorgeous day. Brunch. Rehearsal. Gym. Happy Saturday!
Taking Back Sunday all the day long.
The wife is Serving as the federal legal consultant for Mitt Romney's visit today, and I'm at home watching Trollhunter.
End of the top of the 2nd, OLLU and TSU tied at 0.
i love how Pitbull dresses. he never wears jeans or anything. Hes always so nicely dressed.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Can't Stop! Won't Stop!
Green Bay Packer fan? Buy $100 ticket to the Greg Jennings Celebrity Golf Outing Extravaganza party June 11th www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Ah gross. Good luck! What'd you get the Mom?
I'm so happy! I was done at 4pm today! Yeah!
I'm working on it. That was my question
I should be home around 3:00 or so
On Location: London, in a Lofty View Michael D x2019;Souza fell in love with a fixer-upper in Mortlake, a district in southwest London ne
Staats was a captain of Albany's burghers guard from 1650s to the 1680s.
Misses you too
Last class
Green Bay 3 words
My neighbors dog is so annoying..Gosh just SHUT UP
Yup, my thinking, too. Straight shot down east side for other stops if I end up with extra time.
Washington Post profiles DC's new juvenile mental health diversion court, 1 of a dozen similar courts around the country...
Excited for the Building Block Calendar on 4/8. A lot of parents will be stealing this one from their kids!
My normal Friday start: High Intensity Interval Training at I can still feel it 16 hours later.
I was up with the sun again today, prepping for another day on the campaign trail. You won't outwork me in this race.
Welcome to Passport to Fashion, presented by , Your New Favorite Digital Glossy!
Fuck the police. I'll drink and drive all I want. Anyway, this 40oz Slurpee was only 99 cents..
I need to be drunk
"Sexting In Suburbia" might be the best Lifetime movie title, ever.
It's International Women's Day!
see, I just told her saved by the bell reruns make am gym sessions bearable. BUT THAT TOO.
#Texas fans follow Orangebloods.com for full coverage of the Under Armour All American Game & US Army All American Bowl
PAYDAY TOMORROW!!!!!YESSIR! :)
Glad we're on the same page. Safety first. Buzzed second. Feeling good the whole day.
make sure your ipod charged so we can record messing wit people
5 rookies in the lineup for the Sabres and they are sticking in there
Does cee loo have children's sized hands?
whichever gets me 50 bucks. Haha. I was never good on betting. I wanna win. Lol.
Present the #KAPPASPLASH Boat Party! Most Anticipated End Of The Year/Graduation Party of the Semester! Contact Any Nupe 4 Tickets
nigga please I gotta note & then I got another appt dis afternoon. Excused. !!!!
Though, I think I'm more surprised at the excitement b/c Diablo I has no PS3/360 version. People don't get this excited over PC-only games
I have a sinking feeling you already know...
How will we prevent cheating if we allow students to do work and take tests with pencils?
While watching James bond I've learned one thing...don't miss while shooting on a plane or u will be blown away.
sure you can can;)
My son does, he is a long distance runner.
Sitting in a blind waiting for the little piggies to walk up and start rootin up the hog-wild. It's gonna be awesome!
New phone
we are doing the National Walk @ lunch on April 25 looking forward to it too. Hope it will be warmer 2morrow.
Great start to the morning... My car doesn't start.
Giants have been outplaying the Pats in this game, I'm just glad we have the lead (and the ball) at the half.
Wait what?
Would you climb the Hollywood sign?
dad was on the way to the pet store and got distracted by the microsoft store ..sigh...
I think needs to know the uproar her cookies cause. She should start a bakery!
your day finally came
May have to think about moving Swish ahead of tex
damm kinfolk when u go let ya boy spin for one of ur events...i play err thing. Frm boogie shit to electronic music like trance etc.
Gay marriage is a sin in the bible? Let's also read the passage on shell fish being one as well.
Drinking an vibing wit tha team
Is it just me or is Facebook actually down? When has that happened before?
": Happy Mothers Day!! I hope you enjoy today and everyday after and I know you'll be<<<Thank you..I'm late.
... The caffeine is kicking in... time to get things done!!!!!!!!!!!
Who's that yonder laughing at me?
Some people would disagree
she meant that she beat her damn head against the concrete until she thought of the other status.
Join us Oct, 27-28! Learn about programs being developed across the country !
Pretty sure it says "I like men." RT : did the tattoo on Inge's arm say "i like Inge"?
I hate the morning after a migraine where you wake up and have to slowly find out, "Oh no...do I still have it? Please don't come back..."
What?!?!? We are all here together at once? Astounding! Let the festivities begin!
;) ill agree w that!
still there?
Tracy Morgan for president!
seeing #oomf portfolio >>> makes me wanna build muscle!
Excited for our chat TONITE from 8-10pm EST.This chat is for juniors in high school!4 more info, check american.edu/admissions
hahahaha that often becomes a problem. I love her music
ok I like it cuz my fav. Driver has it on his car
Forget school, going to American Fork with :)
Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect. ~ Leonardo Da Vinci
Roxbury mall hustle
Next is a sprint tri in 2 wks RT : Welcome back!! The Twitterverse needs some Sutton pics! What's next on your race calendar?
um ok. i just got some weird info that i dont understand on wattpad. making me think about this. dont know if ill b able 2 sleep tonight.
I hate you Photoshop!!!!....But I need you at times :/
might be a better day to go to ... tho I have never been looks and sounds like a great idea!
Lmao its like a porn scene!
Jay Farrar & Benjamin Gibbard - California Zephyr - 05:34 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
follow me
El mariachi juvenil de bryant Webster...beautiful music to start first general session
I'm saying - our schedules haven't matched up yet, and by comparison, you live in (no offense) buttf*ck Egypt compared to me.
I want to Try Sum SO Badd now!! I want to Cum to Texas!!! =)
I love you.
The weekend is finally here! Anything goin on around LA?
Few isolated morning showers for counties along and south of I94. Otherwise, mostly cloudy. 64° inland, 56° lakeside.
Me too! Thats my sh!t ": #FactsAboutMe My fav cereal is Fruity Pebbles if there is 1 bowl left..my kids gotta fall back..lmao"
well its gonna b raining
hi! We r having a wine event in Houston in 2 weeks, would u like to come and let the community try your wine?
Loving London and the office! Orange is Global!
I would love to know- what role handles referrals at your organization? Is it front desk, back office, clinical support, physician, other?
I looked on her calendar and it doesn't say anything so I didn't do it anyways. haha
A day void of writing leaves me parched and ready to tackle the next with an unquenchable thirst for the story.
thx, at we analyze social media trends for brands, for ex: influencer communities are worth more than a TV ad!
is my idol.
Little man not feeling good. 101 temp.
Good info Tomm! Enjoy the show with you and JT. But hey, please tell him to quit being a Raider's homer:)
#consideritdone “: #hurting but well worth it. Encore next week?”
Agreed, except for the glaring lack of genitalia.
man hell no what the fuck
i know my mouth can be very disrespectful
damn sweet.
eidet mobarak hope you have a great year
oh, wonderful, that's great news. Thanks for letting us know.
I feel guilty for wanting to take math & physics courses simply because I'm interested in things like Fourier series. Expensive hobbies.
he did not get it! Don next time can you tell him to get extenze?
Now you're being dishonest about what other people chimed in with. Reread those tweets for the "Marxist" & "baby killer" talk.
Thought of the Day: Faith keeps us together:)
such an enlightened view that is!
The more I go to school, the more I never want to go to school again. #SENIORITIS #WhensGraduation?
#np Dear Prudence by The Beatles
Death by unkept file structure. Ug.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND HAVE A #GRAND TIME TODAY HOPE ALL UR WISHES COME TRUE
Wer my baby?
Show at mad frog in cincinnati tonight with ! We go on at 10pm!
Thanks, Jody! Jodyth and doing a great job doing a video 101 presentation
LMFAO!!! Who is it? You gotta tell me because that's got me rolling on the floor. Brutal Funny!!!
please do.
You haven't lived until you've had an adult beverage with and I ;) Too bad. I'd love to meet you in person.
THOSE WINGS WERE ON POINT LAST NIGHT!
miss you 2! x
yeah yeah. Say that after I call you out.
Check out connectedlearning.tv
Ace of the 1st line of the Mu Beta Chapter of S<U+0391><U+0399> Spr. 2K12 #1 Miss Repeat Sign
I was going to tweet you congrats for finishing school, but then I saw you got called off work today and now I'm jealous so yeah.
you too shaybutta! Not as cool as me but you're getting there
mobile learning...students use their mobile devices for social purposes instead of academics...this can be "corrected"
John Daniel, Commonwealth of Learning, to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.
When we talk, fireworks something like the 4th of July<U+266C>
#bankerslife is filled with crimson today!
Its not very attractive for a man to try and make a woman feel bad for WORKING. Actors need support and patience NOT selfishness.
In the concourse behind the bleachers.
Man, it might be the over-enthusiasm of dieting, but 's organic string cheese is the best string cheese I've ever eaten.
I love receiving calls and texts from my family members, theyre the best :)
Big Time Rush can dive off a cliff, jump from a plane, or go for a swim with sharks in the sea. :D
Sometimes bein the youngest is bullshit I swear sometimes I'm the oldest wth cone on now can I have a break unto me
damn is that the route we going? Because yanno....
We've got a lot to learn. God knows we're worth it.
Loving me some bachata right now ^_^
“: "I know I'm not the unluckiest person out here. I'll be back." IK Kim” Hard to watch, handles it like a pro. # cruelgameattimes
Just followed a bunch of people from the #ROC area. Don't let me down. Or else...
Is it bad if i cuss out my mother in public? B/c im getting to that point of annoyance.
Great new logo!
Have a question to ask & on the "Future of Digital Media" ADWKDC panel? Ask away!
Germ factory.
Ladies Night 5-8pm TONIGHT at Mad Mex South Hills. $20 admission for a margarita, appetizers, polish change, chair massage
Yea boy
oops shots fired.
Up early, listening to Rocko - Snakes
RT : August 22, 1950: Althea Gibson becomes 1st African-American on U.S. tennis tour.
Co-sign on that Met him while interning at WMG....very refreshing.
Discipline is a practiced skill. It is not something some are born with and others aren't. -Zach Marcy
Blake Griffin. Man down :(
So many great ways for actors to network and meet stellar industry people - The Actors Network rocks.
Rock Band Blitz looks really good. I like spinoff titles, and the songs can be exported to RB3. What's not to like?
Pinky & The Brain <3
Sorry I haven't been on forever! But not having a good day because some bitch called me fat and I'm pissed
Your work is meaningful. BUT If times are tough-don't lose heart. Your work is not who you are. Your work is only what you do.
Trooper RT : I Left My Running Shoes In Texas. So Ima Go Running In My High Ankle Supporting Real Thugg Like
": another 45min day of cardio done (and abs)! Let's do it!" Huge Kevin! Awesome start to the day!
Visit our website www.rocktagonmma.com for all the up to date news from anound the MMA world
Seems to always play the same character with same disposition
me to :) love you
RT : what did you order?
Thanks Aaron for thorough ass kicking/training session today. I am getting stronger with every pull-up I do - deadlifts Friday
So does your workshop just cover the basics or is it more advanced?
wolves in the throne room show last night was sick
Today is the last day to buy tickets for tailgate event! Stop by or call Leff's!
I know! I greatly appreciate it!!!
is that one of your thrift store cams from yesterday?
its about damn time i got you :)
the filmmaker created a very effective web video by getting the attention of millions. Proves the power of
Blick Art Supplies offering 25% off of everything + a free art supply table. Thanks Blick!
My prediction for the Superbowl: Pats 28 Giants 24
A two-month-old baby has died of pertussis in San Miguel County. NM's first whooping-cough death in since 2005: a fact that comforts no one.
comments are better
How bout that extra effort by Brandan Wright! Always in the right place at the right time!! Great job running the floor...
Go back and look at all the NBA tweets from like 12 minutes ago. Some really good stuff. Funny, too.
We're all day to day.
Today in Invention History: Mel Evanson receives design patent for a paperclip holder, 1990
#ArtFact - Left-handed painter, Michelangelo, painted his famous David and Goliath with David holding his sling in his left hand.
J'ai besoin d'un de vacances
Ecstatically celebrating successful first day of helping hospice workers in Florida learn to use Samsung tablets for medical record-keeping
Lol classic, ditching us
I do believe it does. We've been itching to see you guys and catch up
Gucci bike riding on Ya 'LL bitches
I fucking hate the west side avenues. They are so fucking long.
Molson is the oldest in all of North America but Yuengling is the oldest in the USA! Nice work everyone but was the winner!
but they asked my.fav tweet, and that was in my top favs haha
What is your favorite book on acting?
Justin Bieber looks like Paul Wesley (I watched a lot of Vampire Diaries today)
is so pumped for Monsters vs. Aliens tonight..in 3D!!! I will be the oldest one in the theater and I have no problem with that
they are adorable
Please check out my new website, and if you can, make a purchase. I need to verify if its working. I appriciate your help. Thank You.
I realized this when I was walking alone, if I ever got robbed/mugged I would go into complete psycho mode & totally damage whoever it was.
Thinks every Friday should be taiwanese surf rock night
Chilling watching the X Factor then going to work on some music. Hit me the fuckk up.
Yes. Good. It better be a bike... You tease.
RT more music in the house Biggie!
hey, , megan said you might be so kind to give me a shot out? Looking to expand my social network and pick up some new clients
Hey Mr. D!!! Great job today!
Happy Friday & thanks for the follows
to me its smart economics
In politics I am growing indifferent -- I would like it, if I could now return to my planting and books at home.
QUOTES: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." a__ Dr. Seuss
When do you know that blogging is no longer the ‘it’ thing? When your grandpa starts having one.
RT : Oh my head! The teens in my life are crazy! --> I understand!
Whoever invented core workouts needs to bring me an ice cream.
thank you baby xoxo
I wish I could sleep.
People Saying Swagg! This and Swagg that. Okay okay i get it but dont say it a million times everyday its annoying af. Smh. -____-
Radio spot 1 of 2 today: now, with our good friends at WNRN. Nonstop these past 48hrs and no respite until late tonight
Don't give up!!! Fight this thing out and keep Grinding the whole game. Memphis believes in you guys.
2-4-1 Tuesdays ARE BACK! Purchase 1 full price body custom airbrush spray tan on any Tues in Aug, and you will receive a second for free!
WOAH 60 DEGREES IN CHICAGO TODAY!!! Time to go fly a kite!
My tummy hurts :(
Anyone used Google TalkBin? Thoughts?
Lonnie Bunch: Museums are very special places for wonder, discovery, and transformation.
I think she turning 50 not sure I don't keep track
Flight is booked for
Happy mothers day! Don't forget about Mother Earth today she's yer mom too!
bad boy
What do you think of PERKS? For 10yrs it has been my least fave YA book.
idk, i just clicked on it again and it totally worked. and at least u had copycats...cats, heh.
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
it's australia day! time to find a bbq and a beer
I didn't think so haha.
Thank you! Yours is also beautiful and heart-warming!
How about Anthony Davis
Oh Mariano. Torn ACL? Say it ain't so!
dear chicago weather, please be nice to us. love, me. :).
you guys goottt swag.
I just found out that putting a self portrait of yourself on LinkedIn is considered illegal and they will pull it! LOL. Just in case anyone…
ESPN is showing a dumb show to see whose on the cover of madden. Yet never show highlights on the biggest soccer club tournament ever.
Praying for sean kingston
Loungin around bout to sleep and dream.
Tonight's event...No Citizen Left Behind - being livestreamed now - check homepage of
he was a boy belieber that killed himself because of bullies ):
is scrappy and determined. if nothing else he has that going for him.
Dreamt I gave my #psuweb12 talk and completely bombed. Woke up and took notes. Felt weirdly better about it all.
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: Africa's development has leapfrogged traditional technologies, Africa is paving its own sequence
yeah, you killed it! -M
Your welcome! :)
true I haven't had them in a minute I got to grab some tomorrow lol
“You do not become a ‘dissident’ just because you decide one day to take up this most unusual career” ~ Vaclav Havel
Thanks for the follow !
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
This is a generalization. I'd be happy to intro you to some of my supportive Muslim friends. RT : Muslims don't support gay marriage.
Didn't get to speak to him long. He was looking for a room and then decided not to check in, I think. He was a road biker.
love love this one!
VEEP is crazy good.
I'm only 5hrs away. It's dangerous here too. Keep me in the loop. Thanks
RobReportBlog - Capital Region Holds its Breath | Armonk NY Homes
Hoping I actually get some sleep tonight...
Do we really like #singleladies or do we watch it because there's nothing else representing us?
do you have any suggestions on good SEO Wordpress plugins?
#edumooc3 as academic learning technologist I feel caught btwn wanting to recommend open tools vs. "should" use LMS
Ah, well, I'm sure I'll be back on track by May. Every week the PhD and Philippines are further behind me :D
In LA for two medtech events. OCTANE Med Device & Investor Forum, and AIMA BioMedTech, w Al Mann keynote on Creating MedDevice Enterprise.
Who is going to kidnap me from work tomorrow? I need to find an escape so I can go to the Chicago French Market!
keep Smiling it makes the world go round N3RD is the W0rd!!!
LIGHTNING ROUND! Better flex: Olson or Knox?
Canon announces Malaysian roadshow
When I have a boy I'll teach him how to respect and love his girl.
And we can help create a culture - imagine this - where our kids ask for healthy options instead of resisting them
+there must have only been 7 people that entered, no one else was even retweeted, she tells me the winner was drawn out of +
The links are up on www.watchnhllive.com come register and watch all of tonights games live online enjoy and thanks for joining!!!
WHY AM I ALWAYS OFFLINE WHEN AUSTIN IS ONLINE?
Me,Adam um... I don't know. LOL CX
Ai, Gitai (sigh) so much potential, now if we can just vacuum out all the #LookAtWhatCoolThings I can do with the camera.
being a bit of an info geek, it's a toss up. Altho i am inclined to say the latter is worse...
Haha - I can't wait to see that FA when it's finished & made available to the public.
I GOT TO GET THIS MONEY
Okay, who's spamming the #IndySM stream?
#NowPlaying "Seven Light Years" by RJD2
lol my 4th grade zed card >
PICS?... IM SO READY FOR A PAIR OF THEM, IM COPN THIS YEARS RETRO BUT THEY JUST NOT THE SAME ANY MORE...
well yeah, we have shit to do like....eat...and....play video games...and...uh....whack it. so HURRY THE FUCK UP
what's your schedule this week?
and i can tell just what you want, you don't want to be alone - you don't want to be aloooooneeee.
I'm rolling barefoot tonight. Tom's crocs are stale
you dirty little perv... ;D
Harry Potter deathly hallows part 2 nominated for 3 oscars.
Ron Paul is a religious nutter AND an establishment republican. You couldn't pay me to vote for him.
#nonprofits do you have a social media policy? Everything online can affect
follow back enjoy the day sir!!
10K tomorrow with We are going to rock it, yo!
actually doing my homework <
i wonder what All Time Low's view on this controversial term of them doing weed is? do they know the whole fan base is arguing about it?
my dreams are pretty much fulfilled
As a result, many institutions have looked to cheaper ways to increase their prestige
Our alumni dept. uses iModules. I'm not very familiar with it but it's worth a look.
Waited patiently for your tweet! Thrilled you are back!!
I thought I was taking part in the Occupy movement, but it turned out I was just standing in line for a new iPhone
so happy i have a low A in math! now i just need to keep getting A's on the exams and quizzes and i'll get to keep my 4.0!
FIRST INDIRECT TWEET FROM TANK
Dudes just can't wear caprice...
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
Until he pulls a Papelbon (or completely shits the bed as a starter) he should stay in the rotation
If I buy David Beckham's underwear for my husband, will it magically make him look like Beckham too!?!? No? Fuck it...
Our signup form was broken for a couple hours yesterday. If you tried to sign up and got an error, it's working now. Sorry about that!
too kind sir<3
I made a playlist of every song in my iTunes released between '71 and '78, the dates my dissertation covers—and awesome years for music.
your friend? Or you? Haha
Yes :) I definitely remember the short life of that smirnoff bottle. Such a fun day. We need a repeat soon!
I love how no matter where the #yinzers are at there's a #terribletowel in hand!
He got that Supah Bass <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
<3 :) yesterday was so sick! glad you guys had a good time. did you make out set, kara?
Thanks Silvia- hope you are great.
I reiterate. Tim Collins' curveball. So awesome it should be trending on Twitter.
Anyone else think 2012 is going to be "The Year We Brought Comic Creators' Rights Issues to Light"?
`Raining!` :D
Thank you for 2 AMAZING Stageit shows tonight!! Glad we could party & raise money for St. Jude!! :)
Brain Floss: James Dean lost his two front teeth in a motorcycle accident & had to wear a bridge! Smile like a star with us!
December how I love you!
Another kindle in my kindle collection. This time kindle touch!))
Around a tenth of Africa's land mass is covered by mobile-internet services-a higher proportion than in india. via The Economist
Fears over wind turbine plans in Bronte country
"2 Times" is straight punch you in the face music.
Won game 2!!!!!! 35 minutes til the beginning of next game. Winner takes all....holy moly this is awesome
I'm already planning my revenge.
There's just something about a longterm out-of-town researcher who brings her own sandwich every day. Scrappy! Maybe it's the Philly in me
she said thank you & no problem
Btw sleepover soon whether you like it or not. love you<3
Ate 16 cookies now what!!
lol oh ok
So happy to hear that! :)
Text me, jerkoffs.
Hi Esme.Dog?My lab is 8,lately he has been sitting in a slump/slouched over position?Does Behavior change need investigation?
Didn't get a chance to see it. Ended up not going in on Friday
WHERE U @
life is art. live yours in color.
of curse :)
it's ok. How's life for u?
There is a new nightmare, in Baltimore!!! Baltimore Ravens Paul Kruger!! Nightmare on Eutaw St!!!
In 10th grade my Spanish teacher said I was the worst student shes ever had & that I'd never amount to anything...Well look at me now Estas!
No one Tweets mee :(
People you "meet" on #DesignBizChat could be part of your next collaborative team! Follow and support each other!
. playing back-to-back #BeastieBoys songs. Just what I needed today!
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatev.
“: My cowboys bullshittin”
Can't believe it's already April ; everything's going by too fast.
Are you sporting the latest Bradford Beach gear? #BeachLife ://bit.ly/pS7q6o
Can't wait RT : Can Friday be here yet?! :)
Is doing Comedy tonight at the P&H Cafe. Hosted by Brandon Samms.
thanks for everything at Graduation :) Have s blast at the wedding!
Just had one for the first time in years! So good.
Thank you my friend!
hit up Juan in a Million for breakfast tacos!! That will cure a hangover
My dad wants my old laptop...... Uhm it's so fucked up you don't even know
See with your own eyes and feel with your own heart.
I wish I had an article to write so I could give up email for a month.
I don't like girls that aren't fly but be poppin the most shyt
RT : Looking forward to interviewing today for Jossey-Bass podcast for
I can stay home with Jr.!
Come on! Language degrees are the best and linguistics degrees are amazing! Right, ??
Nothing really to shoot at. You got one of the best goalies in the league and 5 guys collapsing to the net to block shots.
omfg im sorry
Your body so perfect, its just right for me
have testicular cancer
Oh well, finna get a 5 on AP Bio
Mark Shriver of on #earlyed: low-income 4 y.o.'s are 18 months behind. More kids live in poverty than ever
i hope you werent playing swtor all night because i was
Lill Studio on Armitage. You choose the style, fabric, inside and straps. They make it. It was fun!! 904 W Armitage
Episode 64 of Inside #Acting - featuring and guest host - is live: www.insideactingpodcast.com Enjoy!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Wednesday, Nov 30 and I am tuned in to #NPR #TalkoftheNation Maria Liason in for Political Junkie, Ken Rudin
I don't see anyone actually tagging people in #NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead .... Pussies lol
Thx bro. following now
Ditto!! “: Had a great meeting with ! So excited about our future projects!”
THEY SHOULD HAVE TAKEN IT BACK TOO SEASON 2 AND MADE THE PROM INTO A 1D SEX RIOT LIKE THEY DID FOR BRITNEY SPEARS.
thanks Kari, grateful for the opportunity!
ESPN reporting that Shaq will 'most likely' start in tonight's season opener versus Miami. Good for rebounds and garbage points.
Oh my... the Great Singapore Workout! This brings back soo many memories (and goosebumps - ha)!
girl you are sprung ;)
If you want to dance seriously, do. You must think about it day and night, dream about it,--desire it.
Need some last minute accessories for your #wedding? We have everything you need: garters, cake toppers, aisle runners, jewelry, and more!
You have no solid argument to lean on so now it's unfunny material about my surname? Damn, this is amateur hour.
Cns26 No cheats! Bring ur A game :)
I know right.
Quote of the day: “There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
you need to send me that pic.
Your work on "Need For Speed" was incredible. Congratulations!
Lolol there is such a big dog in my office right now. BEST WORKPLACE AWARD 2012
“Fear always springs from ignorance.” Ralph Waldo Emerson... "Fear is the mind killer." Frank Herbert, Dune
Getting nails done w/ my mama!!!!!:)
Clean clean and more cleaning blah
I think that sounds like a fantastic idea. Pizza for everyone!
if someone were to walk up 2 u & ask "how does it make u feel 2 have come such along way & have the fan base u have" what would u say
Cube Tube.
I wonder how that hypocrisy feels I just don't how I feel about you now. It's probably a good thing you are only here part of the time
My new obsession seems to be the Donner Party. That's not weird, is it?
winter food cooking - love it. hows that etouffee coming?
Ugh. I had one of those in my oldest.
Need 32 more followers.!!!
Hi Greg. Yes, follow up is key when networking at an event. Very good point!
RT : Anyone from the Columbia, SC area interested in carpooling and sharing a room ?
RT : Join The Jonny Ramirez in the Morning Show today from 6-8p @ Buffalo Wild Wings for Monday Night Football! I-35 & Pat Booker Rd.!
Up all night all night gotta #GRIND (J Dash High)
Listening to face down(acoustic) by the red jumps suit apparatus>>>
Excited for today's economic roundtable discussion. Join us at noon at City Hall as noted economists analyze how San Diego stacks up.
Did you write up your opinion on the documentary yet? I'd love to read it!
iff you want to follow me then follow me if you dont then dont butfigure it out before you press my follow button
As bartenders we hear some pretty cheesy pick up lines - “Im not drunk, just intoxicated by you” is def a keeper.
I have such an urge to play some pen and paper roleplay. It is an INTENSE urge.
If only Hollywood had a Wal-Mart, my neighbor could take her kids there to scream at/beat them at 7:30 am, instead of right under my window.
Everybody wants results but nobody wants to do what they have to do to get them done
totally!!!!! RT : If you write with a lot of exclamation points, nobody can tell how depressed you are!!!!!
All vegetarians are gay and always have been.
What an amazing week, The universe is reading my mind and bringing beautiful opportunities, I'm grateful!
so fab and pricey!
I know, and I tend to agree with them case-by-case, but they seem so mad all the time.
O O, one more tweep thinks ASHA Watch is an abhorrence!
Colombian girls are so beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
No it's just awkward.
This fell apart!
You missed it! Pants were dragging...too funny!
You fuming right now? You have any hope left? I'm ready for this win
Item two (on my 30 things to do by age thirty list): learn to two-step
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
Back atcha. Lets hang out again soon. Way too much fun. Go Dallas Travers! Maybe see you at the next TweetUp!
Thank you, Melissa!!!
Tired today. No longer off tomorrow, but still have Saturday off. Enjoying watching all my Criminal Minds repeats. Can't waite til Sept.
Kove him more then you have ever loved before!
Bout to give in to the dark side. Just call me Darth Hater
Do you stay #stressed for the adrenaline rush? Death by procrastination and cramming.
Looking good on a Vespa. But I thing the Ducati is more your speed.
Did he give one? smh RT : Questioning halftime speech...
What a funny word, roads. Roooo- adds!! RT are you referring to the plot in the 1996 motion picture titled Black Sheep?
Use of smartphones instead of computers esp high in Latino and African american communities. iPads in the linearly
Thank god- the day is clearing up
looking forward to hearing more about it
this girl keeps calling me telling me "I need to back my hoe self away from him because he likes boys" I don't even like him anymore.
look up bejeweled blitz 2 on facebook. It's even more addicting
I was an extra in a Bud commercial back in the 80's (true story) can I be on dancing with the stars?...
Link Building Company Announces New FAQ Section On Site - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
you and my wife both. He was cool. It's all the dancing and pottery wheeling.
oh cinnamon rolls sound good. Maybe those will be tomorrow morning :)
i was so pissed i wanted to beat his ass! lol he moved her up right in front of your dad.
need sexy to wear for sxsw? Bettie page dresses at lofty Dog!!!
It's more like you stocked me lol
Am supposed to meet someone in 20 mins & can't tear away from "Vacation" on AMC. Kills me every time its so damn funny!
for sure! U rock girl!
Can't hide that Celtic Pride!
Got a random $100 check from the IRS today.
Glenn, why where you & Pat saying Bad things about Huntsman Cancer Inst. and Jon Huntsman like that? I'M Shocked, U where friends?
its awesome to spread awareness regarding #autism, thank you for that!
say my name is def a grower!
All lies!
I wish... you had... more time!
i love you too Denitza
wii!! que biein ;)
YES. PLEASE. This keeps happening to me!
I'm following u. U just don't know it yet. This is my personal account. Besides D9
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit - Aristotle.
Jogging was rough today! 7 miles took way longer than it should have
well night till 2morrow my fello followers
Well, so much for our predictions
what the fairy godmother is going to deliver to your from C....A.????
While you're most likely browsing FB for something exciting or funny... Go LIKE the page if you support my art ---> T.E.C.H.N.O
Dear Girls, Stop taking pictures and making ur lips look like a duck. That Shit Ain't Cute... - Guys
Cereal is about "the most important meal of the day," not "starve yourself on our products and you'll look great!" Not the point!
Oh how I missed you 20th and Blake, let's go Rox!!!!!!!!
i think im not the perfect girl for cody...
EXTRA Thirsty Thursday With
yes.. wait.. where's there?
Paul George having a rough couple games lol.
"Upon the Advice of My Attorney, My Shirt Bears No Message at This Time"
Your last twat was how I got the #klout ... So funny
she doesn't have her phone dumbass.
I dont even know what the bitch ment
if you got "raped" why are you so happy then ?"I Fuck botdf hate on it", really?seems like you're lying Cunt.
I may or may not have stolen it.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 325i for a new car!
THERE WILL BE BLOOD's "I'm finished!"
Unlike Facebook, you freaks are still awake. Thank you. I'm in good company. :)
what's that turtle trying to tell you?
THIS MOVIE IS VERY SCARY AND THE EXTRA FLUTES ARE NOT HELPING!!!!!!!
A young in 3-d?! Yes please
Please bring back Jeff Wall's After "Invisible Man" - his showing at The Marian Goodman gallery has me wanting to see it
There will be a Game 7 St. Louis Won 10-9 Every World Series Should go the full 7 games. :)
Maryland sports will dominate this year!
the first email I read this morning was the Arment Dietrich Smart Talk & I'm really pumped about the Trapster app ha
What's happening twitterville!
Appreciate man. Also check out , sports talk show I've recently started up.
So that last minute sucked.
New camper, boat and direct tv with MLB package installed, I'm never gonna want to leave #LazyRiverCampground this summer!
it might just happen! :)
GO SPURS GO! <U+2665>
I had the privilege of serving on 5 different Blue Ribbon Panels for this year's Golden Reel Awards. Thanks #MPSE for the opportunity!
Also making his first appearance in the 2006 #ME is looking young. Still a boss though!!
Cool. I'll see you tomorrow at the Old Miami for #Detroit #Startup drinks?
Patty Mills had 34 points and 12 assists, DeJuan Blair 22 points and 13 rebounds and James Anderson had 19 points.
Symphony Crack's debut album 'The Addiction' now available for download on itunes and amazon! Support good music!
I feel confident again that I can totally do this and do it MUCH better than the mean girl I'm replacing.
San Jose Paving Contractor Expands Business with New Products ...
Final Four Friday. Early morning wake-up and off to Reliant Stadium.
We like keeping our music a secret from you guys hahaha we might release a secret soon :D
1st section of ppt done and clicked in at 17slides only 3more sections left, this is way longer than I thought. Due in 6hrs
Since I'm the only one in the office, I'm taking the opportunity to crank some "Bawitdaba"!
Don't forget to follow the VP of our Creative Department ! Feel free to tweet to her too!
“: go get some skittles for your dimples... jay > wayne” WeezyBaby<3
Loved that story! I understand what you mean.
“: It's funny how sometimes we miss somebody but when that somebody shows up, we just do nothing.”
you don't decline Prince!
oh well I think you should come to fogles study hall. Who do u aid for?
Friday the 13th? 2012? Sorry, I don't want to jinx anybody today...
yes I am man how r u doing
and thanks for tweeting it. Very good argument there.
Hof'ers Aaron, Murray, Palmer & Weaver at Frank Robinson statue ceremony. Ripken?
ha! She's too cool. Nice to meet you on here! :)
U.S history:)
sometimes helping friends is not so smart! sometimes it seems like it was a bad idea!
I don't know how to answer that in 140 characters. :-)
Bout to hit the concrete with the gospel!!! EXPOSE
Windy days are not so good for my MPG!
you have an interesting project, so I'm not surprised that the data is good.
Kardashians inked 40 million dollar deal with E news for three more years of their reality show. Salute! 100
Children learn to smile from their parents. - Shinichi Suzuki
Q: How can you tell that there's an #accordionist at your front door? A: He doesn't stop knocking even after you answer.
Is there a better 29 year old white kid from the midwest writing about about tribute bands and popular music culture? :)
Well, we got hit by a tornado this morning, touched down a couple blocks from here. Amazing we have power, most don't
So happy to have your follows. Thank you:
I am getting sleepy now
Geek Trivia Quiz Wed at 8pm. Topics this week: Atlanta. World War II causalities, Pies, and St Patrick's Day. You are welcome cheaters...
that's so awesome! Where? “: Was just issued an elite bib for the half marathon tomorrow. Guess I gotta race this thing!”
THEY GAVE AWAY A STARTING POINT GUARD!!!! (sure, just, you know, not a GOOD starting point guard).
Thank you for sharing your story in Portland Amazing!
You are indeed missing the city, right
Ready to learn some great ideas
oh, are you going to Bandolero's Pop Up?
Rise n grind happy cinco de mayo bitches
Sam Holbrook wouldn't be fit to ump Bay League slow-pitch games.
OK, so THAT's what it takes to empty the Politico newsroom. Not for long, though.
Accidents, Homicide, Suicide, Unattended Deaths, Injuries, Odor Removal, Hoarding, Blood and Body Fluid Clean Up
um..... love that I was your first reply in over a year..WTF!!
yeah they're good we've played their stuff before on the show. I ought to have them in for a session
Okay... I saw 'Art Monk' trending on yahoo and thought it was a monk making some sort of extraordinary religious art or something...
Great seeing you last night : sorry we didn't get a chance to talk!
We are so thankful to have wonderful supporters like you! Merry Christmas!
I love u so much<3 ur such a great singer! but with all ur fans u would never notice me... but never say never (:
Listening to some slow jams and trying to study but, find myself into the music way to hard. Singing loud ... thinking about good times
Everyone is suddenly so obsessed with , well one thing is clear - he is MINE! sorry to disappoint the rest of you:)
With my power of small sample sizes, I present to you the #JohnnyGEffect. If we haf here at the beginning, we'd be 29-0.
Thanks Richard!
Getting ready for our free week show on sat 1/7
All of the people on teen mom are absolutely disgusting
anytime! You are really great on the show, you crack me up every single day!
The horse has a time-out and the grizzlie is mauling Casey ---Just another day in Mascotdom
Chi-town!!!
Just presented in Lynn's class. I did a kick ass job. hells ya
HA! Exactly!
Excited to be a panelist at the #nwfoodshow12 on #SocialMedia at 10:20 come to room 4C-1!
Why are you still an egg?
I feel like Twitter is soon gonna turn into Facebook with people playing twitter games and getting twitter "wives" and "husbands"..
#WeWontWork if you can't trust me.
It's crazy! Hillary's opposition camp would have been all over that and we have more important issues to worry about. TV off.
I just gave u the silent treatment for 1 hr
Listen to a short recorded call with iZigg CEO David Liniado @ 712.432.1085 pin 972120# to hear how #mobile is exploding in the U.S.
Training at macys today! This is taking forever
I'm so nervous I'm about to puke. Smh. I wonder how the players are feeling.
You are friend to the Tea Party, my friend. They love you.
Dreamed I covered the thing I'm about to go cover and it all went wrong. So in real life, it should go right. Right?
Hanging Tough! : It's 80's day on !! That made me wake up w a smile on my face! Can u play some New Kids
you are dead, MLM is alive and well
You just fucking talk to me because I pay for your shitty clothing.
Wow! What's your secret to winning? RT : Winning the name game two years in a row!
no son of a gun?
OMG I just found the entire movie SCAMPER on YouTube... #DoNotDisturb... this is real right now.!!! =) too happy lmaooo
Congrats #Giants fans! Great game tonight!
That has been #tomcruise is closing the show. Yawn.
Starbucks... oh how I love u...
If you're at McDonalds at 2am on the net...you need to get a life.
A pragmatist! :)
Dear God is that the temperature or an FM radio station??????
- yep, you are correct sir :D
At orthodenist right now while everyone else is at school XD
Gosh I have some bad luck with my car! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
At the tennis match...I love how these guys compete & cheer for each other! SWOOP!
Still needing those blankets, socks, clothes! so grateful if people came by with these items today at 3 NW Third!
Drama schrama, Stacy Francis can sing! Great job !
Before there was an American Bandstand theme with lyrics, there was the original instrumental version. Either way, it had swing. RIP
Have an awesome week!
Ty Vlad. Hope all is okay. Mine is all good now :) Congrats !
Monster kills Hamm.
#11 can't finish. You're going to have an ulcer after this game.
yea Fit_Ed dump the egg : )
Where is ? Skipping? Hah
I love/hate movies that make me all girly emotional like this and movie
Where are the black barbers in Boston? I need one!
The gardens excessive growth of grass was not affected by Irene! Damn!
I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair. I just did what made me happy <U+2665>
:) Taylor is taking me to #BeBrave in denver on our 3 year and June 1st I'm taking him to see #TheSwellers & #TheWonderYears as a late
Can anyone sum up the bipartisan debt deal for me in 140 characters or less? Hint: "It sucks" or "great idea" . . . . neither??? shocking
Newborn session this morning!
wish i could help but i just graduated with a BA and have no experience in journals whatsoever. RTed your post though!
any deeper & it'd come out the wrong end.
#Medeco - 4th question: How did the Medeco Biaxial angles get their names? Hint: Angle names are K, M, B, D, Q, and S
I don't really care my hawks won yesterday so I'm happy
yeah. But we fired Bruce to get this?
ICONic Boyz are back baby
Today: Robt. Hanson plays private concert with his NEC stg players. I tried to coach this gp. with fire + poetry/sounded great on Friday!
He's no Anthony Weiner, but I'm sure Hancock lends itself to just as many late night jokes...
I'll have to call you & catch up, we haven't talked about this season at all! At this point for me, Joshua or Jessica has to win.
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine. Joan Collins
i dont know what to tweet about.
if it's DatelineNBC, i'd rather Josh Manciewicz than Keith Morrison, thanks. (No offense, Dennis Murphy)
HUGELY bad decision. figured i'd grab something while getting diet coke. thankfully i have a yogurt and the vending machine.
Linden cares about a dead Rosie more than her own son. Holder cares more about her son.
Hopefully the heat can close this game out and not let Dallas go on a run
Just witnessed a girl do the entire Thriller routine in a hotel room...
Me too... how's ur mixtape coming along? I wish you would let me record you, I would have the quality sounding A+ 1. lol
Rude means when someone is being mean to you and if you did something wrong.
So the boyz didn't win the money,trophy or the title. None of that matters, But you know what they'll always be my winners.
Like hearing the success story from the dog's point of view!
“: Sex story tonight? Hit my mentions if you want me to tell one =)))” mee (:
Reading texts you sent when you were drunk is like terrifying digital archeology.
Better get the rain out of your system, sky. I have the weekend off and plan to enjoy it all!
Losing the people I need one person at a time <|3
#first40songsonshuffle Lady Gaga - Born This Way
And good morning to you!! I"m having a cup of tea, too, but mine is English breakfast.
why are parents at your shows haha...
True. Candy is dandy. But liquor is quicker. And I prefer Scotch over a Snicker.
I'm hoping!
stupid meaningless projects. you give me headaches.
and he is getting a different strike zone than the Texas pitchers are...that always helps...
tgif, Katy Perry.((:
PHONE INTERVIEW WITH THE SIMON CORPORATION WEDNESDAY! COULD BE THE ONE!
Teresa is a dinosaur machine lol
Not late at all, I'm still laughing!
did you know that 40+ y-o Olympic champion swimmer Dara Torres attributes her medals to resting more during practice?
Looks like Confederate Jasmine.": My backyard smells so go from these things.... Their like white star looking things that...
Probably. I was about 2 steps behind him most times. Maybe we'll really meet at next year's #99conf! Meanwhile: Twitter antics!
I just soaked my self in gasoline while at A plus... Gross
thanks a lot. gona peep these now
just saw 21 jump street it was the funniest thing I've seen in forever!
tonight should have been the last time we see Ryan Franklin in a #Cardinals uniform. right now he's just taking up a roster spot
omg, he hitting them corners.. im scared
whatchin a one yr old sleep!?:/ you?
are you free tomorrow?
Ladies: Sit your man down, get some whipcream, spread it on his dick, top it off w/ a cherry, & let his dick be the banana
The Real Victims in the Patent Wars Are Small Startups...
But what are "human values" in the novel, in the world? Lots of human cruelty & destruction out there among us all
a small victory -- last night I deployed my first app to
Great! RT : Jean Tower: I want my technology Google fast and Apple easy.
Don't do that :(
I been driving all day
I *might* have just asked for a junior conductor hat "for my son"...
Rock'n it tonight Joeff playing & flamenco dancers too!
Oh well. Kyle wsa great in that role.
you should come smell when it rains in Arizona... Miss you massively!
look who's talking
they sellin vip today too
Ohh yeah....you know it!
Writing the script for the shaded of purple music video! Very exciting stuff.
I learned something bout myself today no matter how many bad relationships I've been in I still believe in true love #hopelessromantic <3
I really can't wait until #fleamarket and #yardsale season starts again...i can use a good #junk day!
great article. these respondents should look at what is doing to resolve these political & technical challenges
better be!
Thinking you might die in a cab always sucks.
about 20 mins SW of crivitz. We go tubing on the Peshtigo once a year though usually... Good times
any progress on the colab channel? :)
same here hun...
Sioure to soon realease Internet Marketing and SEO Strategies
GIRLS TIME OUT BLOG ROCKS!!!
No app as of yet, just Tune In Radio. Great feedback to pass along though :)
Fuck anesthesia dental injections !
Craving for lunch today.
You're welcome! Looking forward to your tweets.
Haii(: I think I'm on twee limit but I'm using an iPhone. BTW did you see my pic?
lol I feel ya
Check out Tivity's brand new landing page and fill out our short survey!
Thanks for the warm welcome, friends! :)
Mitt Romney made fun of working class NASCAR fans for "really spending the big bucks" on cheap rain slickers.
i cant tell whether im happy or sad
schweet! coming soon :)
Off to another 12 hours of pushing around thousands of hex nuts. #StopMotion #animation!
Sweet soul, you brought *automatic* smile to my day-loved your tweet. Have wonderful wknd. You are loved by God and us too! XO
Ian does it again! Yeah, head got some #Natitude Let's go
ok i drive ok
Hey Ulysses, just played a gig with Charenee the other night in DC and was reminded of what a badass you are!
Phone interview tomorrow morning and then finally some relaxation!
I just want a hood bitch that tells me that I sing too much
lol hell yea this shit to funny original gangstas
Pharrell isn't even hip hop bro. Get your facts straight.
thank you Dori! What are you doing these days?
Finally time to get this over with
Perhaps but it's Cinco de Derby... IDK if I can.
Obligatory "at the DMV" tweet.
Ooohh! Have fun in Brasil, Luv! <3 Take pictures please! :)
Eastland got a shout out on the evening news weather report.
68!! that is amazing!
Emotional roller coaster this week...From stressed & burdened to joyful and grateful!! Both good for the soul!
PLEASE SAY THIS IS TRUE :O LOL
Great! Do we need your Friend Code?
I don't think I have the balls to wear that
Yeah my made me so proud!!
READY TO SEE YOU DANCE VOTES ARE ON THE WAY HAVE FUN AND WIN THIS THING
sorry but ive been here since the beginning too, streaming it from my computer so yes I will say I've been waiting long enough.
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Why the fuck did the click five just show up on my low rising pandora.
yep be there!
I'm in the mood for a little fusion.
it's an amazing movie. Sure, the last 10 minutes are kind of sad, but it's a great movie to watch!
you should! How can you not?!
Good morning! "If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere." ~Frank A. Clark
thats it your getting <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> on your FRONT PORCH. Id wear crapy shoes for about a week (;
My bottle of Sapporo is only $2. That is all
I wished we could watch a better movie!
The new episodes of iCarly,iNickelodeonShow and Victorious are starting.Hope you like it!
Hey I just got my hoodie and t- shirt but one is the wrong size, c'mon you cant hire
Bored on my day off ugh
the harmonies in When I Get Home are breathtakingly beautiful. I get chills every single time I listen to the song. Incred.
I can't wait to listen to the show tomorrow.
Learning the #CTIA world. Day 2 awaits. Planning for teaching others. Changing the future.
#ThatOnePersonWho always seems to be looking at you
I hate having a heavy heart, but there are times when it is totally appropriate.
thanks for the mention!
Someone needs to make writing a lit review a game. Dble. pts. for citations with major impact factor; lose lives for bad APA citatn. style.
Happy the Hobo! Good old Lyle! Somewhere I have the incriminating video.
you can always lay in my bed naked! we wont tell or ;)
ok good now i dont feel crazy b/c im fa sho gonna go off
Only time will tell...What goes on at night will soon come to light
Forget Chicken Little's paranoid delusions about the sky falling. With chicken litter, we really do have a problem.
When Captain Morgan puts his foot down I'll quit drinking it in the bathroom at work.
Yes MiMi isn't that crazy ? btw what are you doing tonight ?
Hahaha, that was great for pantsuit! See you tomorrow?!
Welcome new non-profit #SMC members and Mark Marabella from Mountain-Pacific Quality Health Hawaii! #SMCHI c
you're NAUGHT a nice person!
Did he claim there was an error in the reporting?
on another note water problem on cedonia was today through completed work
ALL OFFICIAL MAHOMIES !!!
with your same job title, experience, education and more factors.
in middle skool..its soo much drama..i wanna get out but i cant..just trying to survive middle school..gotta love pple
Super Bowl Week!! Go Packs!! Party packs available Pork Verde Chile easy to serve and filling. Quesadillas, Tacos call us 467-9295
:-o I'm not in town until tomorrow afternoon. Will they still be available?
Have an awesome Sunday!
really need to go sit outside in the sun...
WHUUUUUUT? omg, he was so good. SO good. You have to YouTube it!
thanks G! I will. Always! Have a great night
wow danzell, you really need to stop.
Sitar at 91! Great musician staying great RT: Music review: Ravi Shankar at Walt Disney Concert Hall lat.ms/nk5W46
just so u know u look like the uni-bomber in this pic. :))
hahahaha can't wait! <3 let's wear them to the baseball game we were talking about ;) and hahaha #brozzino #brogone #socute ;)
I wonder does know my birthday next Thursday
Can I go back to 2008 when I was naive & nothing really bad happened to me or the people around me?
I mean I saw it on ridiculousness! Not fantasy factory. Same thing though lol
Congrats! I was Most Technologically Advanced... #whatdoesthatevenmean ?? They knew I'd be a good tweeter long b4 it was cool!
EOC on monday . I need to study
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all
don't listen to him! 2 Unlimited!
Takes more time to be selective, but also builds trust, or at least doesn't damage trust if you do.
Was held at Toronto security because they thought my bar of soap was a weapon.
yep, JFK Airport a national disgrace.
i ain't gonna lie that was amazing.
I know every rom com, for some reason the shticks always trick me into watching them.
Please follow , and help us in "Breaking the Silence" of cancer and purchases your tickets for this year's performance today!
Today Big Bill's ghost was haunting what we used to call "Bughouse Square" (i.e. Washington Sq. Park). Where are the soapbox orators of old?
We need less "stuff" than we think. What's one thing you can get purge today? Toss or donate it and let me know what it was.
wow. Totally.
Stormy today! It's always beautiful under the Tropical Dome! What week can you join us?
and don't shout at me with your capital letters please..lol
we will be playing garrissa's rebel fest on may 4th!! so be ready!!
There must be a filing deadline tonight!
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
we can always dance because I'm somebody that loves you!
It's a great day to be a Shocker. How shall I celebrate that Blue Jay beat down?
well its downloading...but is apparently gonna take an hour
you guys are un-fuggin-real!! Another blockbuster!! Multiplayer=sick story=slickest presentation ever! Kudos!!
#LinkedInTips: Make your profile interesting, rather than just factual. Add your interests and make post updates.
Just get home from work and don't know what to cook? We know what you crave,
Mr. Peters said that he shouldn't be talking to us like that.. And he shouldn't be a teacher if he is going to act like that
can't resist following back any Twitter user who includes a pooch in their profile pic
Glad you two can make it! RT : My boss and I are officially registered for the Unconference!!!!!!!
midterm time. let's get this over with. dear powers above, please don't let me fall asleep.
Time to switch it up.!!
Working on a LibGuide for civil engineering technology/construction management technology.
Well day jux turned left...
When you think you're good at something always remember that there is probably an asian kid out there that will shit on you lmao
Sign of an ace is Lester right now...not his best stuff tonight but he's laboring and keeping the Sox in this one.
Ethnography? Dr. Quinn reference? I'll let you know. I'll be working on the Avkat project.
New rule: When a web site pops up a Facebook login page, we immediately close that browser tab. Agreed?
The mission cannot be "dont be homeless... It must be positive and for the future."
RT : Last to declare now Palin, who will do so individually for $10 a person at the Telling Booth, keep the line moving.
Well week number 2 in softball...another defeat...BUT not as bad...11-8.
“John Schaefer, host of WNYC's "New Sounds," & the city’s unofficial arbiter of all things musically out-there,” does top10 of 2011 tonight!
Wango Tango today!!!!
Remember, Bobby: QUICK HOOK. Don't let Buchholz ruin his good night. He needs this.
“: to sleep or not to sleep, that is the question.” Umm I chose to sleep hehe :D
RT : Thank you for making Someday! My date is wearing it and she smells like HEAVEN!
Gonna cry.
I thought it was a bit overkill I could be nuts but not THAT nuts.and no bad trumpet player would ever get one on me
UK : parking sensors => US : "curb feelers"?
Thanks for the luv!!!! Check us out on Facebook also @ Ganksta Enterprize
Good nite #thebigapple old friends and new!!!
First half huff
Be blessed everyone!
not 100% sure lol. somwhere in the general area of England I guess. I want to visit them or move thereone of these days...
“: Dear God, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.”
LOL yeah you would. Im out for the night man. Peace
If taxpayers are paying for a website, we have should have metrics on how well it's doing
i got my Gypsy 05 Circa Tube Maxi Dress yesterday, and i'm in LOVE!! =D
why u say i guess not like that
I was also surprised by the variety of research done on supercomputers when I started at #TACC! Glad you learned something. :]
If you are sexually active, HIV testing could save your life. Call 877-411-TKNO today and we'll come to YOU!
i dont know man, i just love and <3
Sometimes we just have to drop everything and have a good sweat! #Zumba kicked my ass.
"To take a day just to do this, I'm really losing a lot of money," Simmons said. "Anything for the workers."
OMG I'm so jealous :D
Joe Mather 2-run single, CUBS WIN!
damn but yeah I just got it it's sick
. Thortons on the west side!! I've never seen one before and it's heavenly!
Technology doesn't always help. TIVO found another Hoarding show & recorded it. Am I becoming a Hoarders hoarder?
Lemme hit it from the bacc,pull ya hair,you got that fresh pussy...First day of class
Hey you. Sit on my face
I love freshly shampood hair!! :)
don't be shy. Share it for the world!
Excited for tomorrow! Shopping & pool with & nails with #girlsday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
I love being at home <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
It would be 90 degrees only on the days that I play..
i would, but i can't take pics. but i voted, so please follow. <3
: As long as you're happy... I see myself in you when I was your age.
Dress rehearsal tonight. Actors are ready. Directors are ready. Crew is ready. What's left to do? Sit in the audience and let it happen!
Yes on the Google music invite, please.
“: McCourt posing with his sons for farewell pictures in center field at Dodger Stadium. #dodgers” they kept low profile at game
It seems like such an easy concept, right?
Falling online ad rates are good for someone, and it's not Google
Keny, Kathy B. Says hi!
That moment when kneels to the ground and pulls out a ring and says marry me Juliet youll never have to be Alone :)
Love your kids
The huge raindrops coming down right now are so heavy and cold it feels personal. What did I ever do to you rain?
time for shots!
Live, life, love, and most importantly, stay TROO to yourself!
Are you serious??!? This years lineup looks amazing!!! I want to go more than ever
I'm going to get an orange jumpsuit from the jail and walk around the outside of the Miami county jail and see what happens.
Make sure to try out 's hot boiled Georgia peanuts @ WBC
need more followers to b able to follow!
it's 71 degrees outside! OMG it's so summer! :)
Check out he's a sick Bmx rider! Be posting vids and pics on him soon! So go
ebay is addictive!
lool you can't wuss out
A true friend will never get tired of listening to your problems over and over again. :) <3
for the area between north ave & 25th. A shooting a day, keeps the prostitutes away
Bynum needs a haircut
aww thanks love! :D
“ trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew - .”
caught paddle-handed!! I give up...can't hide anything in the digital age!
I love the shirt!!!!
Bitch is str8 lying :( RT : OMG is so pooped she is actually SNORING!!!
When it rains like this we do NOT want to go outside. Good luck getting us to do it, Mom and Dad!
Not proud to be inside a mall right now. I really want to be going to see The Artist
No matter how tech evolves, clarity of message & acknowledging power of social (no matter what platform) is critical.
TIME ZONES! 3:10 am here. (Boo insomnia.) We should do a conference call sometime.
simply sergio
:D you should follow and make sure you let him know you think he's got a nice voice! ;D
Soul Surfer was AMAZING! Made me cry a few times :')
We have a terrific program to accomodate food allergies. Just ask your server, & the manager will come & explain.
that must be a non-LifeWay event... because we're not going to VA. We will be in SC and PA w/ her though....
Coffee this AM with , one of our amazing band members. Giving guitar lessons later. Meeting w/ Gonna b good day
Present yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. Present yourself like a hoe and we'll see how far you go
I have a thing for guys... Who like girls v____v
you got it! Thanks for sharing :)
will I see you tomorrow or next wk? Miss you in my classes! Ps I'm teaching this week #wellnesswednesday #CFYoga !
I'm trying to decide on these shoes: Nike, New Balance, Acics, Brooks and Adias... Any Recommendations? #ProjectHOOD Walk Across America
3% battery left on my
no! i couldn't understand a word he was saying. it sounded like this "yes, zee hartbeaaat is nurmal...pleeez slide duwn'
hey chillin at home
And y'all had that last year, and failed in the biggest moments.
Positive energy is magnetic ~ Pls RT
K guys, ive found out that it is recorded and aired a week later. So if you are in #muncie, come out to DOCS and say "hola"
WHOS GOING TO THE CHACHI WORKSHOP TODAY IN CHICAGO?
Lol, okay!(: What I really want is R-Truth as WWE champ!
"Dying is easy it's living that scares me to death" A. Lennox, from Cold
Carrie: the department of labor just gave 35 job offers to RPCVS using non competitive eligibility, because of increased awareness.
When winter comes back around I'm doing no complaining.
We would love to get more information about what you have in mind! We'd be excited to connect with you!
5 minutes into #EAD and I broke it!
Yes! MT Peter Van Garderen on being OSS company: "We don't sell software licenses. We sell our time to work on this common vision."
Hold up today's Mothers Day can y'all motherless hoes stfu! please and thanks lol
Don't go northbound 75. Stuck!
Today is the day to get things done. Preparing to Officially Launch my blog soon...I'll let you know when it's ready!
Lmao I Swea. That Shxt Irritates Me They Betta Go To The Library Or Steal Some Wifi.
Cats need love-have you hugged your cat friend today? Meow!
It was David Carr. ;)
Haha thank you.
At work, and my patients are being tested ... Trying not to snap.
Midlakes Basketball: The kids are working extremely hard every morning...I expect very good things this season.
People change, memories don't.
It's here! The Viewer's Choice Show. That means you pick the topics AND what we talk about in the Bubbler. What's buzzing this morning?
Getting my nails done and the lady asked me if I have a bf.....
yizzo. Me and my mans tryin hop on camera
I'll know it's general election campaign time when Romney starts getting asked about the death in the Big Dig tunnel.
I wore a dress and heels today for eighth grade graduation, and I fell down a flight of stairs. -.-
Because you don't visit me no more.
Anyone have a Sunday Ticket user/pass so I can do some streaming off the new computer? Inbox me puhlease!
when do you come home?
Drugs in aqueous solution are absorbed quite rapidly aft
my night class is the biggest joke ever.
$110K - Perm Candidate - Core Java, Enterprise Java Bean (EJB), JDBC and Eclipse, expert with web application design and implementation by …
helping the big get bigger. What about us little guys? I need employees to expand too.
Job Opportunity - Lone Star Park: Group Sales and Catering Account Executive. Send resume to
Afternoon workout
Orale, indeed! If only it weren't raining all day we might actually enjoy a Oaxacan Friday afternoon as lovely as any other!
Paul was bout to commit backcourt violation...that's what prompted his bad pass. Really fault of inbound passer
woh woh woh good sir!!!! Seattle Invented coffee, ok well maybe not, but we we're the first to do it right. But Portfolio was good
aww do you know If she's coming to clovers graduation party?
Thanks 4 the bday wishes! Amy, Nicole & I are running in the fountains tonight to embrace our inner 8yr old. Wish u were here!
sweet. How were the Arctic Monkeys?
lol. I wish people would just stop looking at me like i'm some slut. i like sex but damn :c
maybe I'm crazy but I enjoy the after workout soreness.
my dad won't let me. I'm too young. and blah blah blah. next year, ill meet you there. (;
Day 2 of FOR has begun! Ready for another stimulating and engaging day!
You say its too late to make it, but is it too late to try?
is there a Skip cameo?
And now I'm starving
Be a problem solver! Provide solutions in your content.
I've got another one coming tomorrow!
Do cops ever pull motorcyclists over? I've never seen one going less than 90 on the freeway. SMH.
great workout with ! ready for an even better dinner!
enjoyed your marketing causes article through today. i'd quote it here but there isn't enough room!
Looks like you are doing good work!
Everyone go follow our awesome tattoo artist!
We're taking MONDAY'S OFF! Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint New Hours are Tue - Sun 11:00am to 10:00pm
Happy Birthday to Steve Jobs!... "it's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy." - -- Quoted in "Odyssey: Pepsi to Apple," 1987
yal pray for me
I wonder how cloning when the price comes down would affect adoptions of animals from shelters
guess it wasn't a turfmonster that got him, since Kaufman is grass these days. This season is getting weirder.
sadly no. Should have left when Wood came in.
FB is gay sometimes. Ugh. :(. How're you feeling?
Anyone up for a Facebook Only Target gc giveaway?
If you had $2,500 to spend on your personal professional development, how would you spend it? Workshop, retreat, seminar, conference ideas?
“: that's not creepy or anything”
Hey Its my B-day Today and can u plz follow me back that will be the best birthday gift ever!! Love u so much
you like techno? I want to be your pen pal! ;)
There is a Sweet Muse peppermint brownie waiting for you at 314 West 36th street (3-7pm)
Everything is according to plan baby bella is head down and looking for a way out!
I just won SB tix thanks to you and Verizon! I'm so excited and cannot wait to meet you at the game. Hope leg feels better!
Hey everybody!
U don't realize how lucky u r to have 2 arms...until u only have one. Ughh I miss doing simple things like making a pony tail! :(
Oh the drama at work.
It's for me today!
Tell me dat nigga kobe ain't raw..dats a lie before god if u don't think dat
can you look into adding MLB.TV and to your Blu-Ray player internet video lineup?
#npx2012 Beryl feeling energized already at Alliance technology conference! Thanks community Foundation for making it possible!
hi waves! Happy to meet new twitter friends
This is the best playoff series by far. I hope nobody scores until around 1:30 am.
Every #Caps goal lowers the risk of heart attacks in the DC area a little.
Plz RT: Any recommendations for good wordpress developers in Seattle?
Is it bad that I laugh at all the love notes my boyfriend gives me? Baha. I love that boy. He should be a comedian. Haha.
No matter where you end up, I'll be a fan. Some team will be lucky to get you.
If you can't get excited about your work how can you expect anyone else too -Reno 911
discussing women with OMG women!
Watching wsop Dolan sick playr hand against Racner..Sick line racner riverd kh straight..Dolan didnt put single chip in when behind master!
Good morning !
I have on MEOW for the #scenestand promo day broadcast Live
Well tweeters this dude needs some major sleep. Running on E. Work resumes tomorrow morning. fml
Jim: after you sir Dwight: no thank you. I never let anyone walk behind me, 7 out of 10 attacks are from the rear.
Tsonga Djokovic what a game. So many memorable points
Hate waking up from a nap and feeling worse than you did before you fell asleep.
Letting go of my type of life is difficult, but I think I've been comfortable like this too long.
Day of preparation and planning today. So excited for the results.
I would be kinda scared to talk on the phone with Vinny because my voice sounds like shit lol
Great hangin' w/ folks from , , , , , last night
I know! It's my first. I've been told it will be the start of an addiction.
Beginning the adventure for the Backpack Journalism program today for and One flight to MKE then three more!
Watson and Lucas are holding the ball deep into the shor clock. I could really go on and on.
Who's "campaigning"? It's obvious is paving the path out for Peyton, gotta protect daddy's inheritance.
At the Paramount Theater again... Death Cub for Cutie once more, this time with an orchestra though :-) Fun!
Stripper asked me if u want to have sex with her for $100..... I answered no, but now I know who the REAL HOE is! Lol
Thanks Richard! Keeping my fingers crossed that others like the idea as much as you do! :)
It's Hump Day! Halfway through the week!
can u follow me plz I followed u
Republicans r slapping students in the face by trying 2double interest rates on #studentloans Can u afford #GOP rule?
Little: District faces "probable" deficit of $106m to $116m next year
smokin' hot practice! New Dawn band mates rock! The final product is going to surprise many...stay tuned. show announcements next week!
I suppose.
Custom cocktails?! Send some of those over to #odhd #seattle. We're finishing off the soda and cookies.
George Zimmerman bond hearing underway now in Sanford, FL. Live report from Florida now on the air.
did you love it?
why not everyone else had a second chance and even fought and was allowed back
indeed my nikka!
i think it's gunna turn out pretty awesome! we're definitely excited
thanks 4 follow much love
guess who?
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex bump n grind by R. Kelly
I love this tooth paste my momma got me!
When u write u business plan, always include ur exit strategy, even if u don't go thru w/ the sale. Bryan Janeczko
curse my amazing brain. s'posed to be on vacation but i'm editing this paper. i am too nice.... and i want ice cream!
Going to go #workout today (:
I'm confused. :/
If the Brewers only did well when my life was terrible, they'd have 27 consecutive World Series wins.
IS THAT THE ICE CREAM MAN I HEAR??
You would think it would be crowded at #CopperMt but with Flyer and Eagle open now it was great!
lol so what's up?
What do you mean account number?
The largest city in the world is Shanghai, China with a population of over 17 million! NYC is the 19th largest, with a population over 8 mil
Infatuation, when every single move you make is fascinating
Right now on NBC 15... our severe weather special, "Surviving the Storm"
Bill Hall (brewers paying him to be a Red Sox......... WOW go figure that one who's the small market here?
Saw a Fisker Karma today...must've been a sign
Just left the Allied Gardens Springfest. Think there was about 2,000 visitors B4 11:00. History tent a hoot--50's AG--homes & businesses.
what's up
are you ready for it? REVO San Diego this Sunday!
#smash tonight: I liked it, start to finish. Sue me.
That's a gorgeous picture!
Oh, and thanks for checking my post out.
What will my parents say <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Enjoyed this segment very much Rosie!
Can't wait to get outta here :p
Wise ppl do not waste their time, ideas, or precious words on those who refuse to listen, reflect, analyze, evaluate, or apply principles!
Keg party?
'...Love is all you need.' - John Lennon
yes they are! So much more ability for activities.
How are you having a positive influence in the workplace today?
LOL. OK, what was I thinking?
I've been feelin' real good, came a long way from misunderstood
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible
Heyy boo boo
Fong Chanthavong was leaving for a 3mos vacation to Thailand tomorrow. Her bags are sitting her house, already packed.
Don't forget daily deals find more eyeballs online, which helps people find your business, which brings in more customers! We can help!
Just hit up my phone when you need you some company
if you want him to follow you.. Go unfollow him and then re follow him only when he's online ten he will follow back.
Welcome to ! You will fall in love:)
The press will shape your opinion if you don't keep yourself informed.
I'm home alone and the fire alarm randomly went off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>wtf
or should i say 'playing the game the way it's supposed to be played.'
Day 29 of #missingmilwaukee goes to fierce UWM grad student and fabulous deputy director
all part of the reason I became a supporter. The trampling of constitutional liberties is appalling in the last decade.
Worst case senario for this semester has my GPA falling to a 3.74. That makes me feel a little better about the way things are headed.
That loss leaves a sour taste in my mouth for sure.
Box seats? Nice!
Brent Johnson now in net for
Winning these poke wars against and =) I'm pretty victorious haha. <3
52 miles out, only about an hour. Apparently the nearest tow is 2 hours away. #TheFuck?
yo pimp you in La a few of us just flew in
Lonely is the person who is no ones number 1
Half way through my Easter Marathon.
I miss you too amiga!! RT : I miss and so so much :(
I totally agree. I love DWTS!!!!!!!!
Also note that the address book UI became harder to use in addition to gauche
yea, i just got antibiotics for mine today.lol
Hanging with sc crew at PAC bell park watching the giants vs brewers
Buckeye Chuck or Punxsutawney Phil--which rodent do you believe? C'mon in for "Groundhog Day" showing tonight at 8! Six more weeks of beer!
Glad u were able to be part of it, and also happy to have u back in NY
remember when naja told casey if u wanna hear go down there? uh NO u just need shut up so she can hear -.-
well here so whenever your ready princess
Saverin the ingrate. My latest. ://bit.ly/Mjg2Ql via
The Black Mamba is fresh & perfect for brewing.Come by to get your beans for the week end.Allocate a school from our fundraiser they get $
Thanks for the RT! We're very excited about the Vogue Japan coverage.
No pool this year, Lisa! We were all too busy shooting SF Giants commercials at AT&T Park this week.
"Make no mistake" - Show me the studies. It's an alarmist viewpoint to promote his company who can provide helpful products!
you as well did so amazing!!
Were your ears burning ? Just skyped with Sounds like she is a part of our world domination plan too ;)
": In sin, the pleasure passes & the sorrow remains. But in repentance, the sorrow passes & the pleasure remains 4ever -Trapp"
Phone Rings 4 No Purpose.... -_-
after the Tavern League's opposition to the homebrew law, their endorsement further drives me the other way.
Correction "BOO SAM'S POOR"
RT : Trying new techniques to summon FedEx guy. Already showered, went to lunch. Current experiment: put comfy cat in lap.
The best thing about being Christian Bale? For the rest of your life, they'll play the Batman music whenever you enter a room.
Dear M&T Bank, I hate you and would transfer all my money to another bank if I weren't so lazy. You win this round. Hatefully yours, Greg
This is the spring of our discontent
huge fan! I'm on one too. I'm going to fight for my right!
You have GOT to be kidding! Rham & Co. wouldn't be let into this bldg!
maybe. Just maybe.
Just love it! Made VAC GOLD!
Roland Smith from CCL: the 20% is what we should focus on - mentoring, coaching, network - for best #Leadership development
u having baby?
I just missed my mf favorite movie
#MaybeIshould start to not take things soo serious, makes things so much easier.
Going to Mariners vs. Reds / Storm vs. Silver Stars - Full sports day for me in Seattle on Father's Day!
Crossing fingers!
on what?
tehehehe. sometimes I follow quote accounts just cause I liked da pictures. ;b
Thank for the s/o! And when you're finished with the clutch in your pic, can I have it? lol Such a nice bag! :)
Cuz I dont want you to love me if you dont wanna love me for me !
I already did!!
of course its excitement its energy its live its crazy but wheres the talent again? dont u sing suabeenz? maybe u should yell lol
This aint friday and i aint craig but dude stopped now dat we outside
Shocker of the night....dude with 6 kids didn't get a rose. But man do I feel bad for him.
I hate to <U+2702> this short with u <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>s but I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>in for something long term <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>imy
That's all for today. Time for some
TONIGHT ONLY! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is "PA BALLET" *Dine in only*
Thanks Scott for your buying guide RT and enthusiasm
So timely you came, and well you chose, You came when most needed, my winter rose. -Alfred Austin
Laugh now , cry later .
Yep, something is definitely fishy here...
": I miss my Vegas boys and " we miss you too mate! Boom!
It's All Good Love. All That Matters Is Here & Right Now
If Romney agrees to cut govt (and not the growth of gov't), audit the Fed, and scale back foreign intervention, I'm on board
Wow! This had been a crazy day...who would have known in this horrible job market!
has SURPASSED her goal of $50,000 for ! We are still donating all dishes profit this weekend! Thank u all!
Checkin out the 1st place at Wells Fargo Center! I'm gonna be on the field btw quarters reppin !
i might as well had cheated on you . as much you accuse me of cheating.
Attack of the show, again.
Guess I forgot to include *this week* after convo. Thx for commenting on that, since I meant to include it.
Can't spell
Police just re-opened SE Stark at 130th following domestic standoff that ended in a suicide.
Saw an amazing crucifixion reenactment at church......now enjoying relaxing at home in Birmingham
the doodle map. I hear your stick figures are phenomenal!
I just casually walk around I ain't scurred of shitt :)
Oh god. that picture with Alex holding that fish? asdfghjkl.
Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a $10 donation
Sitting around the campfire reading #ra5 updates from today...WISHING WE WERE THERE! Keep them coming!
LMAO! "Of course, I don't know what kind of cupcakes you gave him."
It's ALL ABOUT for #GraphicArts Magic!
not often :( I'll be back memorial day....now that I'm a real person I have to have a big girl job :( wahhh
So excited for you! Enjoy!!! Proud I you, too.
do the reverse Joba on Wood. Make him into a starter. The guy has nasty stuff
couldn't agree more. Single best game in playoff history in fact. Good luck stopping mike wallace
Self Growth is a big accomplishment!!!
Ooh! Me! Me! iPads for live streaming programs, apps to help ESL students, RA in the nursing homes...
I LOVE SO MUCH YOU GUYS HAVE NO CLUE.
The Library Roadshow: I see an Information Circus, where all the performers are authors and historians.
I HATE when people reply with a one letter text. How the fuck am I suppose to work with "K."
Thank you so much for the s/o! Hope you have an amazing and blessed day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
cookies will help. Did you take sleeping pill? Those are my fave part about flying. Also when are you playing DC?
Hey, I love you. Goodnight<3
It's raining...It's pouring..we need the rain....but it's boring!
Shortened meeting for the week starting in 15 minutes from 7-8! Join us!
We need to follow each other I'm sending you a link right now
Nice! We're happy to see it hitting newstands in the #ROC and surrounding burbs!
Good Night Everyone :) <U+2665>
I wanna go!!!
Get our Twitter updates delivered to your cell phone, text "Like CherylWAllerton" to 32665
when are phones fall we panic but when are friends fall we laugh
Re: HB 2384 -- Hey, Kansas Legislature: Bigotry violates my religious beliefs. -- Sod off.
how ur sister
Glad we have a big trash can in the studio. just said "moist" on the air, and I lost my Starbucks. #ew ;)
doing well. We helped 200 girls yesterday! Yay! :) how are you? Can you come out this year?
Being rich is having money and things you enjoy; being wealthy is having the time to enjoy it. - Mike Shell
The buyer is always one click away from "goodbye." Always speak directly to your customers' values.
85 bus is officially unreliable- minimum 10 minutes late daily, anything being done to fix?
I always wonder how the first islanders got there. I should look it up. I'd love to live there for a bit.
any Mahomie's online?! :D
I voted:)
Art of Caring is this Sunday from 3-6PM ! Come bid on beautiful artwork done by local artists! Get your tickets at the door!
#InOurGeneration We will have talking monkeys
Good thing there are 8.5 innings to go....
Which do you think is more relevant to you? Curated recommendations, automated personalization, popularity lists, or the random discovery?
Anecdotally, I don't see WaPo/the other social readers at the top of my news feed nearly as much as I used to. Do you?
Austin is a pro dancer, dayum like did u see the was he was moving that body?
PHPStorm 4.0 has those features. I just upgraded from v3 and so far it's pretty sweet. There are also expanded #Drupal code styles.
Al Harrington's head look like dried-up riverbeds.
that is pure sexiness
whats the weather like?
Best Western or Super 8 are right there
Therefore the demonstrators are unwittingly doing the bidding of Wall Street itself.
Its so nice out today...i hope it stays like this
oh my god to many to count. We are charlies angels...what do you expect?
wheres my big top cupcake damnit!! And balloon! I will swat ur dreams like that fly on the wall <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>boom
Come Watch the NFL Draft at The Anchor Bar Starting at 8pm
Every hour of the day I'm missing you.
Good Morning , <3
im justbgettin home frm work! U?
Great job out there utilizing the new techology, guys!
Nice! Love my flats as well - heard nothing but good things ab the Green Silence
Hey WALL STREET The rest of us are not bailing u out ever again - President Obama
#iconfess I didn't workout today and ate icecream instead :/
yes!! Hence the extensive karaoke outfits ;)
Can't wait no more.. how many hours left? Lol 2 hrs and 10 min. Yaayy ... going out w/ the neighbors :)
Let us Know why you are pumped for the weekend!!!
#bigups to my cuzzo for putting me on the b e s t music in the world !
watching #BigEasyJustice on spike tv this show tweaking me out....
The sentimentalist ages far more quickly than the person who loves his work and enjoys new challenges.
do you charm everyone on the internet?
I'm just going to start carrying my glove at all times. I really should do that anyway
It's hard to beat $1 rails during happy hour at Paisan's!
Check out the storm damage from Tuesday night storms!! Plus - roundabouts - do you like them or prefer traditional stop signs? Let us know!!
It's a full moon and my last name means wolf... should be an interesting night!
<< we got to take Lonneke out in the
lol look at you
That awkward moment when you're basically dumbing down your paper so your professor will understand it.
Back to 7th grade? Here in your arms? #Don'tCareProbAwk
How can I identify "bad links"?
I need to stop dreaming with random unusual people
If you think my tweets are about you, they probably are.
when are you going? meetings??
#SaySomething. who needs ovaries anyways?
Lolol. Yeah. I am. That's why I'm funny ;)
WHY IS IT SO FREAKIN' HOT IN THE PHX AIRPORT!!?? I'm sitting here dripping. Ugh!
Going to be cold tonight in Houston. Make it colder and come watch some A league adult hockey at 9:45pm.
it's alright I'll ask your brother!
Nobut like an after effect sort of thing, And we will soon, it won't be long :) x
Planning a bday party for 2 friends. Wish it was just buying a cake with candles and giving them a barbie or toy truck. 25yrlds r demanding
Back in the badass land of england! Back on it for WAKO british prep ousu!!
We would be very excited to do a joint meet-up with y'all again!
Eaters will also enjoy Easter clearance sales to find yesterday's Cadbury Eggs at a deep discount!
Wow wowman how did ye know?
#news Jo Shapcott wins the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry, its judges saluting the "calm but sparkling Englishness" of her award-winning ver
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it ~ Edith Wharton (1862 - 1937)
Well... Debate Camp... Its gonna be a LONG two weeks, but hey, it'll be interesting!! :)
Just my ego.
's Spring 2012 season is SOLD OUT. Did you get in? No worries, you can still vote on the performers each night!
Lets all hop on the OSU bandwagon everyone!
Every morning has a new beginning, a new blessing, a new hope. It's a perfect day coz it's God's gift. Have a blessed day. Good a.m. !!!
Is anyone else as freezing as I am?? Why am I so cold all the time!?!?
Just to' up, I said.
CALL FOR VIP TICKETS FOR THE PARTY BUS 786-223-1654
Not teaching tomorrow (no school) = staying up late and sleeping in. SO, what movie should I get from Redbox?
Day 8 on Anthony trial... Here's to justice!
Three settings of a student's poetry done.
thank you so much!!! :)
Flipped on Giants game...exciting! Extra innings! Close win! Jumped over to Warriors...oh, oh god.
(: Smile and you will notice what llife is really for.(:
I haven't decided yet. I'm off for 5 days the 14-18. Options are LA, Phx, or SD. Might do one of those for 3 days and kick it here
call us so we can talk about the track we gone get yall on the mixtape 7047284808
I'm still hot. Betty White delivers again.
I'm looking at e-readers, do you have the Kindle or Nook? If so why did you choose that one? Great discussion to educate people.
Chiming in to say hi!
Tell me how you really feel, train
I have so many replies to that. "Be nice. Sarah Palin is my godmother." "Not from my window, but I could from roof."
No problem!(:
well, kid, you should listen to your copy editor!!! (not me)
Next week's Frontline is about Rupert Murdoch, so I can return to feeling self-righteous anger and indignation and not fear.
just a whole bunch of love tweets saying I love it when she text me first. Plus she is going to NYC with him.
on me... I got Top Ramen! Lol!
“: Your laughter makes my heart sing and your smile simply lights up my world!”
No, but If you are looking for the treasure, I have the map to a city so small in Iowa my GPS couldn't find it.
Step 1 to tackling difficult/neglected film: 'make sure no one is watching.' oh so true.
Thanks to you in Australia for putting together green screen video with your yr2 & sending to my students in Philadelphia.
Wireframing my portfolio site today, finishing up mocks for a client presentation and finishing some other odds and ends. Bye bye to-do's!
redbull and late hr sessions to get my assignments/deliverables done for school
#Revolutionarythought: Take one step, and then another. That is how you move your career forward.
You got that right! How does bashing teachers equal excellence in education?
Watched #projectrunway Hate Kara! But also #susankomen commercials & #charmin's tagline "we all have to go, why not enjoy the go"
I'm seriously loving Pottermore.
Understanding the laws of nature does not mean that we are immune to their operations.
wow, something a Celtic and a Laker fan can agree on!
scared money dont make no money if I ever go broke ima take yo money.
You got a friend in me.
looks like you are using recipes from Plenty. Yum! Your photo looks just like the book cover.
I don't remember the last 4th quarter the Bucks played good in. Anyone else?
Day went better than yesterday. Thx @ & others 4 support
The lakers need to step it up.
im not sure what souped is, but i am amped The difference between the #nets and the #cavs is, we will actually make the right pick
great game tonight can't wait for tomorrow..
AND, and, the Flyers go another year without a Cup! I love it.
Follow AtlWindSym on Twitter!
Don't backslide!! That was funny!
I like the other commercial better
Our Southwest YMCA is launching a MACC Ridin' for Research training class. For more information call 414-546-9622.
Oh my god... Pad thai sounds fucking delicious right now.
hey! I just saw this. Sorry about that.
oh. my. lanta. i agree. Where can i find one?! i think i'm coming to orange county tomorrow, just a heads up. txt me
you're supposed to borrow the money from your parents, duh.
Just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Hope your day goes well and your heart stays big! CHEERS!
Chicago Anthro's gruesome site redesign has wiped the OA serial History of Anthropology Newsletter of the map! :(
When you see a guy pull up in a Ferrari and he actually is wearing a Brioni Vanquish Suit I joke about wearing that He doesn't.
RT : RT : Things they dont tell you to bring to college: a god damn canoe to get to class -
Lunch with #TED in 20. Colin is out of town so I'm picking today's talk at Bring a brown bag and come on over.
That much sweeter when I overcome it. :)
SELENA IS MY DILEMMA is trend ! lol
Come see Houston native singer/songwriter Jimmy Pizitolla this Saturday.
All I need is one shot like dat nigaa Red Dot
Yeah, its like that.
Damn I need them to make a new season of The Boondocks!!!
“: Do ice cream men have territories like drug dealers?”
you can ff me back
Its everything about you..<U+2665>
thanks, I try, tho' apparently not hard enough ;-)
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Ham & Swiss on rye with a cup of soup....$6.95
I was thinking about asking Sheps to help me with a new newsletter that had a link to a page with all the music on it
Just posted a comment as instructed. Thanks so much!
I'm pretty sure Rossie odonnel has more chest hair then I do
yes much better than #justgraduatedhighschool #hatingfamilyandnofriends #lyingaboutcollegeandcaraccidents :) love you!
oh it's okay! It's worth a shot! It's nice of you to try though!
I got a new phone and lost your number! ):
Please vote for me, ineed a car real bad.
Jesus isn't a profit He is LORD don't make fun of Jesus, you can get in trouble for that. Repent, Satan.
Today's "Motherhood the Musical" audiences, enjoy the play & your Mother's Day Heart Donuts!
Dude I wanna live in a window display and get sponsored by downey!!
Real things that happened -- Me: GUYS! North Carolina made gay marriage legal! (Opens email, sees full headline) Me: I mean illegal. DICKS!
RT : Talking down fails to lift up...
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees. - Proverb
What was your favorite part about The Oscars?
“: There's also a full-tabbed browsing added to Safari on iOS.”. Yes!
Took today off from work to edit... Gotta get a lot done...
HIGH FIVE TO THAT ...> " Valet Parking is complimentary at all times here!!!" and congrats on opening your doors today!!
Absolutely! Thanks for sharing :)
Student Exhibition is OPEN! Student Exhibition is OPEN! We're preparing ourselves for tonight's reception, 5:30-8:30pm. Who is coming?!
I just got this message from G+: "It looks like you've exceeded the number of searches we allow. Please wait a bit and try again."
Is anyone watching the fight tonight? I'm trying to watch Evans beat Jones ass lol
Does Enzo have siblings? :)
When we take things for granted, these things eventually get taken away.
Who said a black man in the Illuminati, last time I checked that was the biggest racist party...
#FF and our DJ Simon the
I think Mayweather and his old man should duke it out next!
Bitch, I'm from the Bronx. Ill fuck you up!
hopefully everyone scored bad on it so there's a curve lol
i'm going for 3.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 43
Garden State Mall w. my right hand mans
sure was... “: Powerful NBC story by on former Saint Steve Gleason's battle with ALS.”
What do we mean be efficiency in teaching? Credit hour production? Value-added learning/hour spent prepping? Khan Academy style?
Anywhere that our pies are sold.
Baby I got a plan, runaway as fast yoouu can
I make mostly all my clothing,come buy my famous handmade Tutus, @ 1237 Santee Street Los Angeles CA, 90015
I wanna know who lol. I watched 2nd seeaon streamed online. bit fuzzy at times. what girl could it be? im ok w/ spoilers
sorry but I watched two films back to back filmed on film. One projected digitally one on film. Digital proj lookmore pixel
So Jason Terry must be really satisfied with that 1 NBA title. He thinks 1 is enough I guess.
There is always a lack of time. You can never lack PRIORITIES. Whats important? write it down.
Even if you did, you're still the most gorgeous woman Miki!
Thx a million for spreading the word , at this rate, all of austin will know they can donate their old phone 4 a great cause
Bring Mom to our Charleston location this Mother's Day. We open at 11:30 and are giving flowers to all the Moms that dine with us that day!
Happy Saint Pat! Day
Movie fact of the week: For the movie the Wizard of Oz, Judy Garland was paid $35 a week while Toto received $125 a week.
will perform live in the big room around 11a!
"CSS is like lipstick - you can easily change the colours". Rebecca on building a site as a non-coder. Super cool
Chicken and biscuit Potpie-AWESoME!!!
Courage is the art of being the only person in the room who knows that you're scared to death.
The new year is sufficiently rung in. Time to get constructive.
Actually disturbed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
- Yes, but you have high top table seating with amazing views and incredible food & drink included.
Freshman from ENG101 class I worked with: "first I thought this assignmt was dumb but then I discovered that the archives are pretty cool."
Going to work, Brooklyn today its snowing should be fun getting there gotta go beat the traffic GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I JUST had them today - you MUST plan a visit to have them. Only 170 calories a piece - totally worth it.
rt -Most Magnificent New Moon Blessings upon you! ...off to yoga my ASSana & drum diddie dum dummmmmmm!!!
is this a big decision? If it involves leaving Chicago I say nay. Remember your suppose to give me shit for the foreseeable future
Graduates today though!
Happy Sunday everybody!
Lamb is signing at some Cardboard Heroes around KY Check their site Starts this weekend U can get Lamb-Teague both for 40 tota
I'm trying to enroll in your school lol
you should have just came on tour haha :P
yo I'm at Sangria in Hermosa beach!
Venture Capital Investment Continues To Fall In Europe
Happy Sunny #FF to you too!
My boobs lookk like they r gonna explode! They've gotten huge O_o...
Twisting tonight at Subway Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5-7pm. Kids meals are only $3.00 when Mr. Balloon Wizard is twisting!
If UCLA's 88 game streak was by a women's team, and if a men's team broke the streak, everyone would be talking about how amazing it is.
WHO IT U MEAN THAT WAS GREYSON CHANCE
Recharge your batteries at #blogher w/ Trop50 will be on hand to refresh you at the conference & with
Congratulations, John! RT THE SNOW WHALE was named one of 's favorite books of 2011!
Product of the week: Dermalogica's MultiVitamin BodyBlock spf20. Intensely nourishing protection with a velvety finish! 20% OFF!!
Do we have a hashtag for All Staff?
Using YOLO to make your sentence sound cool, like, "Just bought underwear, YOLO!"
Laughing SO HARD right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
What treats or deserts have you made out of Medifast products?
love it!!
I guess i can't be part of your new cool life :p
Praise the LORD! // “: Doctor says "God is smiling on us" scan is completely clear”
Where is that feature? Back in Oct. of LAST YEAR I was supposed to have an interview. Where's that at?
Going to Ms. Harris first thing Tomorrow
You sound like my hubby. Grown boys love those types of toys : )
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG just RT my tweet them OMG *dead*
Where am i going tonight?
#np , rise n shine
Today in Literary History: On May 1, 1923 Joseph Heller (known for CATCH-22) was born in New York.
I believe the death of OBL means the most famous beard in the world now belongs to Congrats!
in other news, I still don't care about tim t's politics.
Nothing makes you love #columbus like the #doodah parade. Super fun as usual.
ahh crap... Sorry about that. I totally understand how much that sucks. We're looking into that.
Take Your Meds Or Get A Hobby...Whatever Comes First!!
This weekend has been insane. Seriously, too much for one person to handle. almost glad its over. almost. #intense Good Night!!!!
morning girl
thanks RT : hey ma I need ya email so I can send u beats for a colab
i guess i'm committed to maintaining my #klout score now....lol
The show had a successful run in Minneapolis before it came to NYC. Many ppl didn't understand Judy's tumultuous life
We have submitted 3 of the 9 proposals we need to submit to the City of Chicago by May 31.
@ the end of the day it'll pay off @ least u won't b one of these chics with mad kids many baby daddy's and no life-props 2 u
Job seekers now outnumber openings six to one, the worst ratio since the government began tracking open positions in 2000.
We will bring you periodic baseball updates on Twitter. There is Live Video and Audio courtesy and Live Stats via the NAIA.
In the end we're all Jerry Springer Show guests, really, we just haven't been on the show.
Black Team Wins the 2010 Basketball Classic! Final score 133-124.
AH! on ! Can't help myself, I love everything !
soo dance excercise was fun today
Cello Fury performs a FREE show this Friday @ the Red Ring, 7-9 pm, 1015 Forbes Ave. c u there!
Aye Dude! Thanx 4 tha add! Hope to work with you soon bro. i got things comin up. See ya!
"Please follow me! It would make my life! I love you <33 (:"
so you prefer a non interested owner that lives in the UK/Europe. even Roman doesn't go to every match
Slowly getting back on the festival train. OPEN just got submitted to NY's Rooftop Films and the San Antonio Film Festival.
yes. That is extremely important.
Are you serious???
“: RT : Hey Steelers Nation How Y'all Like Me Now?? #OldSlow&Done << Keep it classy” but this jerk was never classy
But the Lakers took 7 games to even get to OKC though....Niccas Is Tired Out There Boy
I'm there shitbag!
Brilliant, fellas.
Welcome to SheaMoí Naturelle™ all of our products are 100% natural, and jewelry is handmade. Stay tuned for special sales!
I know where the #loveoftech comes from now!
No expectations, no disappointments, no worries!!! Life is in perfect order.
yea u fool
Two days behind on #nanowrimo word count. Need to find my muse
Bourbon and cigars in the southern night.
Tell all your friends to follow us on twitter :)
Editing what we've shot so far from #LearnFromTheMaster and it's looking great!!! Is #DSLR the way to go??? I still like #Film - #16mm -
MILW FIGHT FANS: Tune into 102.9 FM The HOG at 8:45 am Monday morning for a major 2009 WI State Fair main stage entertainment announcement.
Watching #MakeItorBreakit and its getting intense..
Personally, I liked this recall much more when we discussed the issues that caused the recall to begin with.
Sunday, 5/6, 9-3pm: Come cheer on Avon Walk for Breast Cancer walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ tshirts! Stop by or stay all day!
I'm in pain I just got hit in the face with a basketball
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy the celebration in Lexington!
honestly, wet/dry sandpaper 220 & 400 grit with give you a smooth surface. I would wrap the sandpaper on a block to make a good tool.
Franchise Tax Board: Busy updating our fact sheets for the upcoming filing season.
Why can't you just answer my question....?!:(
I seem to be operating on the fallacy that checking email more increases the chance what I want will appear there.
You know what but fuck it,
LOL would love to hear it! We'll rate it for ya!
2012 is a Leap year. Dance with us for heart health Feb. 29 @ Park West 6 p.m. Leaping optional! Great fun! Stay tuned!
practical advantages to finding points of agreement. This seems to me the result of using frames that fit the facts & digital
A called strike three while looking? FUCK YOU.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom. _George Washington Carver
they do say that don't they? Well if that's how the saying goes...
JEN 2012 = Lousiville. Here I come!
Kobe Bryant is back! 40 points..<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Are you a fan or a follower of Christ?
RT if you're single.
"ok so you wanna take the second floor! Umm courtney its a highway exit not a floor hahahaha"
wrote it myself :)
Always watching in noisy McNally's (when not at the game), I rarely get a chance to hear the Cauldron on tv. Loving it.
ouch...you could use that as a marketing hook - "Worst Game Ever" (not that it is). Going to try this out
Wow!:) I'm so appreciative that you love me on #HartOfDixie <3 That means so much to me!
Seriously sleeping in till like 4 tomorrow...only 4 thought b/c I have practice at 4:30
My stomach is doing #'s. Let me get up&cook breakfast!
Run the World (Girls). Hits #9 on iTunes Top Single chart in less than 24hrs! #BOOM !!
Um, it's your fault i'm addicted to this shit. How about you buy me photoshop so I can keep making edits of your sexiness? k?
Happy birthday to May all your days be filled with chicken dances. Cc:
deadass my mom laughs at ur videos and i just stay their laughing at my mom laughing at you
: because the wrath is real! Especially comin from
You all need to follow the REAL She RT's fans A LOT.
me too... But you really should get one!!
March 3: The Mike Daniels Trio (Jazz at Mumbai Cuisine)
R.I.P. Marie Colvin, Remi Ochlik, and everyone who has died in the fight for freedom in Syria.
I was wonderin the other day if you had fallen off the other side of the planet, what you been up to?
I'm not sure 10x would be right if Noah's ankle is still "sprained". That is IF the Bulls actually get out of this series.
Sleeping is my drug,The bed is my dealer,the alarm clock is the police, and school is the prison
Thanks Amy for the #FF. Have a great weekend!!
i still drink a lot so that doesnt help at all lmao
I though I was bipolar umm I guess not
NEVER SAY NEVER.. BRAZIL SAYS NEVER SAY NEVER
#NoDisrespect intended to anyone but is the new way of spelling Angel > Angle or are we on #AprilFools #OverTime. Been seeing this a lot lol
#Verizon is getting the iPad on Oct. 28th. Maybe this is a sign there is an iPhone in the works too?
Never sacrifice who you are just because someone else has a problem with it.
when I know I look like crap and he says I look beautiful>>>>
I don't think they have the heat on in here on the weekends. Brrr!
Royal Ink!! Let's Go!!
crib or studio?
Nothing wrong with my leg just B-boy limpin' : Shake Your Rumppppah!
wth?! We could still be out!
McNabb was a great player, no denying that.
its awesome I figured you would tweet about it today!
Yeah. The top left and bottom right are twins! :)
For me, much of the value of the degree was from my assistantship. Gave me good, concrete examples to talk about.
Nice to be here. Now stop pooping on my couch.
Gzzzzz I should have had my dad drive me all around the country. Just because it's earth day
isn't that someone's sig on exhale?
Rest in peace, Dick Clark. Truly a pioneer. As people trying to make a music television show ourselves, we definitely respect his work.
I'm still debating whether I should try and go to South Afrika or not.
Flash mobs :)
Kudos to Hawks' PA team for playing Muse's "Map of the Problematique". Probably one of the best playoff hockey songs out there. Nasty track.
Lol , Hey Sus , Cali Ain't With Me Girl But Fish Go Get Mugged.
wow!!! Major prayers!!!
A big congratulations to and her dad! I'm so blessed to have you in my life; I love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
And its on.
thanks so much! it means a lot to me, and thanks for the RT.
I CAN DO ALL THINGS THROUGH CHRIST, WHO STRENGTHENS ME.
Farewell Chicago! Farewell #AWP2012! See you next year Boston and
Buffett May Unveil Heir Soon
I know, right? I've noticed that too.
One Direction are officially in Auckland, New Zealand :) safe & sound!
she's not doin' the Walmart tour - that's Keri Hilson's spot. Kim is only booked for TinyChat Live Streams sponsored by PayPal
Looks like everyone got shitfaced last night. Even mum. Glad you all had a good time.
How's this: your recent article about downtown redevelopment was dead on. City of SD is in grad school, best to stay in school...
check your email inboxes!
he's a sweetheart<3
BREAKING NEWS: Scientists have discovered a cure for a bad case of the Mondays! All you need is a half pound burger. We have 'em for $5!
Why pay people to do a job if I'm going to have to deal with problems caused by their job. I want to own it if I have to fix it.
With raw condos selling in the Village for as high as $5,000/SF, townhouses still seem like a great bet
RT "If a company offers to buy you in cash, ask for stock. If stock, get paid in cash." -
wow! looks like such a fun program! Great activities!
Jake moved the tv outside tonight and grilled for some of our friends. So far perfect evening!
ight sounds like a plan ma dude. If your gonna get a new glove hit me up
ashamed that my twitter is so friggin' boring. i shall strive to be more entertaining.
Off to Jazzercise!
Sitting in your room watching Jenna Marbles videos on a friday night, and realizing how lame you are, and how you have no friends.
yes I do
LT...Or however u spelled his name
We're have one additional Brews 'N Brackets winner we're trying to contact who won a $50 Tavern gift card: screen name "padajim". To...
absolutely! I'll have to have you over to see our new place.
No, im still thinkin about it though!
should be on rob dyrdek's fantasy factory
nice. Love that place.
You poor guy. Work, work, work
Designing for yourself is too hard. I am indeed my own worst critic.
Somebody call the police, cuz i'm about to kill the shit it of my legs o
Did that link come through via DM?
WLA missed you, too, Annie! :)
BREAKING NEWS James Franco arrested for molesting 27 5th graders during #oscars performance
34 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
congrats on winning!!! Keep following us for more chances to win during our 12 Days of Free Pizza!
The mom from good luck charlie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Wed. night @ TryOuts is drag night! open to all 18 & up. BYOB! Join us @ 5500 Babcock
First session: digital vs. print, from storyboard to digital delivery
drinking awesome coffee is on my Seattle to-do list... So many choices though.
Who here is from Brazil?
Its hard to believe we've been here over an hour and Evan has yet to flash his junk around.
Are you sure?
The person with the most tweets telling people to follow WINS! Winner gets a signed ticket from a previous show! READY SET GO!
Off to compete in the Wisconsin Highland Games! Go Milwaukee Scots!
yeah, they got all that new fangled technology! Lol! Have these guys seen a game before?
Who's ready for the #rangers to dominate tonight? Come watch with your friends !
Seriously, what's with these shitty angles at the Phillies/Nats game?
I bet you're SO excited to finally see me tomorrow!
Correction on number 15. has just informed me that the last one on there is , not just Luke Bryan. ;)
1st intermission. Time to flip to NHL Network for the end of The Road to The Cup!! Ah...memories
FREAKING OUT. I keep hearing this buzz in my room ,and I know its a fly but I cant locate it. IM ON NINJA MODE RIGHT NOW <U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
It's funny to me when people who are having pre-marital sex look down on people who aren't married with kids.
Climate is what you expect: weather is what you get
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Whoah! Where did the time go!
awkard racist vid in history with like 70% of Somalians in our class #op<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Everybody Deserves Music: A Project of the Los Angeles Leadership Academy's Charitable Life on Crowdrise
Send me a wink
there is a rumor Peter that your first guitar was found in a storage locker this past week, it true? you ever lose a locker?
What is forgiven is usually well remembered :)
I will be spinning super funky dynamite soul music down tonite starting at 10pm. Packers and Brewers and sweet soul music!
Dan we are on. Following your work. We take the time to see your video. We copy & send also to , our mother boat.
who has tumblr?
Hey Zayn (: My Day Is Very GOOD And Yours? (:
It's a sweet bike! : Just wanna make sure no one takes a picture : hasn't tried a 300cc Vespa
Tom Gabel was the cocoon for Laura! Be happy! Emerge in peace. You are loved!
Can you ask for a better day? Open your windows, go up to your roofs, lay on your lawns. Get outside GH!
It will motivate. It's all GOTV for the most part, and this helps.
The vibe is strong with u my son
I just don't want to offend anyone. We've discussed this haha.
Beliebers Can Trend What You Can In 10 years, In 10 Seconds ;) Kidrauhl And Beliebers :)
This weather legit hates my hair.
Wow what a lame question ... Way to get into the weeds Wolf
Boy do time flys (its suppose to be when you're having fun). . . .but I was bored ----> o.0 lol"
i cant find where i put your number... so i'll just give you mine, ok?
Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
agreed!!! “: Why do cloudy days make people drive so so slow?”
My first cup of coffee, the morning after my son's cancer surgery. It went well, we have been blessed, and my coffee tastes great!
Peace Day 2011 is looking for PERFORMERS of all kinds, COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS to set up booths FREE, TRAVELING YOUTH BASKETBALL TEAMS!!!
1st speed painting tonight. Stand by...
I got you my dude, had a few complications over the weekend, I spoke to Black about it. 2morrow fo'sho
I got an A in Guitar Theory, an A in History, an A in Statistics, and a B in Physics. :)
How did I miss for FF? Fun blog to read
Guess who has a brand spanking new #HH menu?? Best one in town. Check out our website for details.
Like it! :You can’t focus on your blessings & your problems at the same time.The one that has your focus will shape your thinking
will do baby boo <3
We are on the bus headed up to Nashville for Pre-K Day on the Hill!
hopefully the neighborhood will get some peace.
Igor: I heard the strangest music from the upstairs kitchen and I just... followed it down. Call it... a hunch. Ba-dum chi.
I wanna work with until the day I die. This guy is the truth!
thank you
Thank you for the follow!
You can’t lose what you never had. You can’t keep what’s not yours. And you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay. #TLS"
Re: debut game. 3K capacity. Thanks! “: Cass Tech is about 90% full. Flares and smoke bombs after the goal.”
#Trump sent a terrible message selecting #Arsenio, who was extremely unprofessional & verbally abusive to
Sounds great. I'll keep lunch open.
Answer: both. Though it's easier to build profiles for incumbents than candidates. Yours look empty, we'll work on it!
Big dance! #rockchalk !
Aw shucks, my GIF didn't work! I'll have to give it another go.
Have a WONDERFUL Birthday today!!! Welcome to adulthood ;)
When I suggested a scared straight program to ex-offenders, they straightened me out w/ ~Young boys have enough fear, what they need is love
So excited for #believe!
Woohoo! Just downloaded my e-copy of and 's Design is a Job.
aw thanks you pretty hot yourself!;)
45 minutes, 9 phone calls and 4 health insurance reps later, I still don't have a dentist appointment.
Thnx for quick reply! Is there also a way to make Mac Camtasia highlight mouse clicks (the red circle effect)?
Thanks to everyone coming over from
Licking Cats
So, "Live Mas" is 's tagline on their website. Do they realize that mas means more in English?
“: I feel like #Kegasus is from Wisconsin. #Preakness.” I wish someone would name a race horse "Beer 30."
Just plopped down at the bar at the Twin Kegs, ruining my work out - sorry Kyle.
Boo Boo Stewart is fascinated by DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
I had a very productive day at ACTORFEST on Saturday! I also attended an open call for Grant Wilfey Casting!
Mitt not look like a punk? Unpossible.
Im gna be geeked if I can perform at Ragefest next year!
Laughing uncontrollably with my friend. lol
Thanks for following :) Looking forward to seeing the Team Aero Fund members out and about soon!
CONGRATZZZ! hope it went well!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a girl gets mad at you on the field so she decides to practically kill ur toe and now it's swollen and looks huge-_-
My #fridayreads are The Paris Wife and Flannery.
Not so much your grammar as your perspective. You went from 2nd person to 1st. Which I guess is grammar. Sorry, it's Friday.
“: mark your calendar for March 23rd. It's our CD release conert.” come see us at Adair's on Satuday!
Oh man, that's a good show. Unless you meant just watching a movie about actual terriers. Which also would be good.
Started to wade into online political debate. Played the tape through to the end. Skipped the online political debate.
Tonight was the official end of my #glee obsession.
The #soundersfc are giving away free t-shirts right now down at the 'march to the match'
Lovely day to celebrate our EARTH. Happy Earth Day everyone. We are always here w/paninis containing fresh products from the Earth.
It's not about how clever you can be with technology, it's about how good your service is. MindFirstFitness
Are you a chaser?
This mix tape is simply amazing.
I have family there and visit. Really excited for the World Cup too. An interesting country at an interesting point in time.
So Chris wants to fight a QB, real cool dude. Why don't you fight another TE, like Vernon Davis. Hahaha little bitch
"Slut" is not an acceptable word on Words with Friends? Bogus.
I can't say I wouldn't kill them. I'd be pissed at them for hacking me, so I'll probably snap. But that's just me, haha
Congrats Brenchel.... on being mediocre and annoying as hell!
I want to go home..<U+E059>
Does this show I'm missing something obvious? Any help GREATLY appreciated!
Woo ! We Gonna Rock ettt ! \m/.
You were the best chauffeur we ever had!!!
I've been hiding that side of me wanting you.<3
I've cut people out of my real life whom I've know for 20 years... What makes you think I won't Twitter-block someone I've never met?
I started off the day by walking into a huge spiderweb. I feel like I need a shower now.
True: We got a bad, BAD man yesterday! A TERRORIST, former plotter to kill innocent Americans!!
My life is forever over!!!!
Next time I come up to Chicago for a meeting, I'll take a little side trip and stop in your store! We can have lunch. :)
have fun....yea
": I love you Lucille :) I love you olive <3" love you more
U made producers cry then stand & cheer 2nite w/ that piece! Bravo 2 U & Jared. cc:
Thanks! So glad you loved the #video and that it brings you joy every time you watch it. 100 + times.
make your special flavors and cruise times highlights on your timeline!
maybe now you'll have more time to tweet!
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. Jim Rohn
Just got out of the gym....chest is Super tight! :D
my mom says i'm tew rude and holy water should be poured down my throat.
zay you know it is the truth
Full-time in house web designer needed at ShermansTravel.com to work on site redesign & other new products! If you're interested DM me asap!
...but some careers can be "training" free. ;)
Samantha O'Reilly and Mrs. Reamo, you are both the best there ever was!!!! Thank you buches and bunches and bunches!!!
At too much pizza at once.
Summer. Summer. Summer.
Heyo! RT If Magic Johnson can run the Dodgers, perhaps one day Michael Jordan will run the Bobcats.
And and RT : One more month till i see again with ! <3
Damn Kobe why you do em like that the nigga was dazed lmao
100% Profit Channel Partner deal! To arrange a call for further info and a general chat about how we work, reply or call 0844 880 2010
Working on my last paper for english. Thank the Lord!!
what the ?! Lul using her user name as a bad word is actually pretty fun.
what's that pm about... Looks like a virus
Chiefs looked good. Chargers look better. Oy.
Watching the new years celebration makes me want to go back to NYC! Maybe I'll make it back in 2012.
Good luck Coach. Hope you get it!
Podcasting the #lcwhy series by - Going to live life with my God today and be in His presence
Listening to the #EDUCAUSE webinar on the GA State Copyright Case
We're all excited to have Shauna join. Thanks for the mention.
: who are your top 5 teams as of now?”. Cuse ain't losing with melo
I tear my heart open just to feel.
Praise God man! Pumped for u guys!!
Christian Grey <3
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent. - William Ashley -- Knows Ebay ()
From Target (which I generally love) the Michael Graves broom & dustpan with a long handle (the snap together) but the design was not good.
No, Missourians burn down Lawrence.
Happy Black History Month!
Thanks for the follow ! Your story is phenomenal & inspiring. It truly spoke to me..
Sorry I'm being such a bum, I'm just not in a good mood.. :/
Negative thinking can affect your health. Do your best to focus on the positives of life.
• He trying to box. Lol...I'm jk...I know you dealing with that ankle..
RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Off to London! Although it's for work, and I probably won't get to see much while I'm there. But still, London, so that's pretty cool.
are my life are my life are mi life are mi life are my life are my life are my life are my life are my life are my life <U+2661>
Welcome so wht r ya doin?:)
Empowering Changemakers with Technology: featured in article by of Hooray!
playing guitar so much....i cant move my fingers because there so cramped no:(
If Friday the 13th wasn't a good day for you, come into Coop's on Saturday the 14th for some good eating and it'll be sure to cheer you up!
they make my heart pump blood to certain areas RT ": The boys from make my heart race."
damn your tuff man talking shit about Danny Granger on twitter, you must be hard
every breath I take it brings me to tears
Going to go to a party later. So I gotta get ready!!!!!
Sure does look a lot like the view from my deck!
its a tank top *ahem*
Thanks! Enjoy the day.
Recording HAWAII FIVE-0, later will see it.
I've yet to cash in on the Studio Art, English, or History minors, as such, yet. Or the Philosophy degree, for that matter.
Stumbling upon a rerun of the pilot episode of the Cosby Show is one of TV's greatest pleasures.
The Browns are the only team in Cleveland that I still follow.
Joining the bandwagon...anyone got a spare Google+ invite? Delibrarian_at_ gmail. Thx, will pass it on!
For you know that when your faith is tested, your endurance has a chance to grow. James 1:3
That, too!
Roll one, smoke one:)
i heart tacos
I can't stand Vogel.
Hmm creepy... hahaha but that will be the best gift ever!
New disruptive models Kickstarter, air b and b, Kahn academy
sipping that dr pepper and playing with the pen and useless shit we don't care about
Omg!..They are sinking that bitch once again in 3D. #Tinanic is being re-released. #milking it #money grab
Nothing like Greenville, NC
RT Great keynote by Accept and respond to change. SEM is much like Agile development.
Hoping for Wednesday, June 20th. We're planning to fly out on the 19th. Nothing is set in stone yet though.
Where was these fans during regular season??
nice! did u guys take out the boat?
Orton is making Cassel look like a chump
I love Pay/Case, but so few vendors in the Mission use it that I forget it's even an option. More soon? (Until then, )
Today's tip: Be sure to include both areobic and anaerobic exercise in your weekly routine.
That's terrible coming from a girl :/
I'm in awe. #TSW2012 has raised close to $18,000 for - 40% more than last year. Great job everyone!!! cc
you tha man! Thanks for the support!! \m/
To be successful isn't about reaching success in one night. Its Reaching the next step then the next step till you get to where your going
Start the weekend early tonight! C'mon in for Leon and the Reckless All Stars, some great pub grub and a brew or two!
Michelle, it was great seeing you and today. It's always fun to have you in. Hope you feel better.
wait im clicking ur subscribe button but nothings happening ? :O
Not buying but I think nothing says Happy Valentines Day like a piece of thick cut cod...
Omg I forgot , thanks for the reminder...
moving on towards bigger and better goals!.
yes very much so
My ass cant hang i cant text 4 the next hour...ass falling a sleep while tweeting
hey sexy!!!
My dad on LA: "It's nice here. You can grow tomato, cucumber, artichoke ..."
Correction. We are in the 78705. LONG DAY.
#Chinesefiredrill say what? ;)
Well hey, we missed you!
OH MY GOD FOLLOWED ME! I SWEAR I LOVE HER MORE THAN JUSTIN!
Afternoon siesta....Yes Please! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT : LOVE that the high school students come to hang out after school lets out!!! great job
Love this! RT "Flavor is a health issue. If flavor is missing, no amt of nutrition science will fill the gap."
Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you
RT Sweet! I'd guess will hit the stage around 10 or so. See you !
Look at the moon!!! Just joking. I haven't seen it. Just wanted to be the first one on the west coast to post that.
sorry twitter... I've been neglecting you recently :(
That just gave me a giggle. RT : If Barack Obama ain't black, his lips sholl are!!!
Danny Glover and Ross Mirkarimi are having a rally for Ross now at 24th & Mission. Please join us!
“: Bro. Steak N Shake lost like 5 million people... so you should def apply there!” I will!
Did I spell Austin's Song Wrong "Say Somethin" OMG i'm so disappointed /:
RT I'm working on my 6th article for the official Expo 2012 blog about some lesser known examples of world's fair architecture
Thanks for the follow. What part of Memphis you rep.
Memphis, It's not over! I still #BelieveMemphis!
well i want to move to North Carolina even more now.
Every time Toure's name (the journalist not rapper) comes across my timeline, I get legit pissed.
Some of our kids are on iOS5 and some on iOS 4. Quiet a few apps aren't backwards compatible, so looks like upgrading is a must
Don't tell him about the dust bunnies, with their ferocious teeth and sharp claws.
a woman's best friend usually signs off her (the womans) big relationship(s) ...#tiptoguys befriend the best friend
Finally Joshua Ledet can stop screaming in my face
extremely powerful! Best I have heard.
Just walked into the eye doctor. Receptionist greeted me with a loud, "Spoke with your mom this morning. She got pink eye from your dad!"
hahaha I'm so dumb sometimes I swear. Oopsies. Haha
you are a SF fan! After hometown loyalty people pick teams with their emotions....
I just saw this! Thank you!!
Come purchase your tickets for African Cultural Night for tomorrow at 5PM. General Admission tickets at $5, PSU students get in FREE!
Dear nipples: when you stick out like that at the gym, it embarrasses me. Could you go down please?
keep his job and his endorsement contact just because he is not a BLACK Athlete
Minister Naledi Pandor: task of education is to create an active & participatory citizenry.
Me and my bro just got treated by these lovely ladies and for dinner.
New drama Revolution on NBC looks good, but better keep the expectations low in the Monday 10 p.m. hour.
When I text you, it means I miss you. When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me.
Feeling good. Nervous, but good.
Goodnight, sweet dreams!
“: Getting attacked by lovebugs at this rest stop cc: ” i was just about to tweet u! Lol
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms on my TL!
i dont want to hear you call me a trappey slut . u dont no who i have f***ed ..
Partying outside while everyone's crying inside?
It's getting interesting at willy t
YOU KNOW HOW TO GiVE MEH THAT WHEN i RUNNiNG..YOU THE ONE..AiNT NO OTHER NiGGAS LiKE YOU...YOU THE ONE POOH... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Killed it tonight! 2-0! Woot! awesome way to end the night :)
Great to hear at our #badgers athletics luncheon today. Strong message, sports visionary and #B1G proud!
I wonder how many Vandy students were rejected by Harvard.
In a down mood...
RT : how did you come up with your rapper name?? >>Christ showed me who I am as his follower, a True Disciple of God
Someone give me the low down on this juicer phenom. Health benefits? Taste? Best juicer? Recipes?
Started my workout today its gonna be on come spring ;-)
What time is it?
WILL DO HOMIE!
You bring syrup? “: Thank You to for being such a gracious host”
The video of Chris Bosh punking Lebron's interview is fucking hilarious.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Hope you have a Fricken blast this weekend!! Muahhh
when will you be in Louisville, KY?
Does it do ANYTHING when you try to open? You try open-clicking the app from your app folder? Can you open any word doc?
Highlight of the day: Overhearing one of my students say " I love this class!"
At least I think I do.
how dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in truth
:( That sucks big time. Is he alright? Is everyone alright?
It has been a long battle. Of course, I finally get this done when there are only two class sessions left...oh well. :)
hello kitty is so kute!
why are you doing this?
I have the advantage of getting away with things because normally I don't do stupid things :D
TGIF. out with my girls <U+E328>
Had an AMAZING DAY -walked at USNA - sailed - chilled with a dear old friend . .. ALL GOOD!
My parents' mail carrier looks like Gallagher and smokes cigars while he does his thing. Badass.
watching my favorite show, #toddlers&tiaras. Dang this pageant is Around the World. #wishIwascompetitinginit #gotthis haha
We booked the trip - looking forward to seeing you in June!
follow me please!(:
15 Massachusetts charter public schools ranked No. 1 in the state on MCAS this year, including several in urban districts. Congrats!
I want the Bravermans to move to Dylan, TX for some sort of Jason Katims supershow
Coffee & the sports section in the lobby. Not a bad way to start day 2 of #dolehealthsummit. :)
Hey I know a real Champion Tag Team, #Headbangers they're #TREMENDOUS :-)
i procastinate even when my homework is makeup...
Its april 20. I'm in marin county.
Pls disregard my tweets - I am not drunk - and accidentally turned it on. Its only 10am...
He gave me some good head so I gotta go get him a cooper sandwich
WE MADE IT
So hot in my office today...yeowza... gonna have to wring out my socks... sheesh!
Thank you! HOPE TO SEE YOU VVRRROOOOMMMM!!!! :-) TAXI????? (919)633-2606...LET ME BE YOUR DESIGNATED DRIVER!
- How's the weather in Scottsdale?
I especially look forward to closing the structural deficit. It hasn't been easy, but then, nothing worthwhile ever is
Go check of . He and his band are freaking awesome
to be. Plus I've got tons of shit on my mind. Ryan's ex is pregnant and yes it's Ry's. Not sure how I feel about that but it hurts.
In da midst of da storm,there was a tall tree dat couldn't fall. That tree gave a new meaning to worth
Today was terrible, I feel disheartened. I'd like to hide from the world for a while.
Follow ! Please?<3 She follows back(:
That's what's up! RT : Fletcher Cox is the 11th first round pick in Mississippi State history. Fourth-highest pick in MSU history.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention ... im a virgin
Former car dealer Ed Martin Jr. says Ind. Horse Racing Commission violated his civil rights, trespassed on his Fla farm....
It's okay my voice is "manly" too. Ahaha.
My favorite part of Puss In Boots was when they played AMERICANO.
Life is just too short... RIP Samah </3
Had such a good night!
Does this mean we only celebrate the life Davy Jones every 4 years?
I mean, what would you have said about Gary Sheffield, the worst brewer ever?
We are in solidarity with #South Africa& those across the globe! Celebrating the longest liberation movement. #selflessstruggle #Anc 100
Basketball tonight! urg I'm gonna be tired bro.
Its been this way since I was a child it needs to stop.
Yes, it was Gonzaga +7.5. Barely but it hit.
Albert Einstein~ It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Now, I'd better work on some slides--I do have a talk to give tomorrow.
I like hearing myself chew so i do it loud, just wanted to share!
Would a riot cheer you up? :)
all day on the road. home. bunny slippers. single malt. hockey on tv.
Not sure if you know this, but I like super heroes, comic books, & cartoons because I want to be a good dad...eww kids I'm just immature.
l'il abner at theatre row. Now the old man is describing what he eats everyday. Jealous?
you playing inbox me
Great day today. Excited for round 2 tomorrow. Will have our radio handy to tune into the game!!
RT The Beavers in 2008 got 365k fans for 69 games. The Timbers got 159k for 30 games. Why lose 365k customers to B-town?
“: just text me. Please.” will do.
In other news, I'm looking for a good PVC glue for some craft work. More on this exciting topic later...
Just got a great deal on soccer cleats at Rogan shoes in Racine.
are you afraid of people taking #control of their own lives? or at least trying to?
then leave me alone. I think it's hypocritical for them to be offended.
Awesome flyer!
I want someone to love me like Tate loves Violet
bahahaha at least u passed
just sent me an e-mail about reducing the deficit. It must have been meant for Sunday.
m remember the salsa sour cream combo we used to make? :) I just bought some peach salsa today!
Dear , do you have your cherry beer for sale at the brewery?
We think TEBOW is doing a great job
I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick, not wounded, dead. ~Woody Allen
I like how my parents r divorced n dont talk... But my mom's parents come over to my dad's house to visit n invite him to family parties. Ha
I need to change my screen protector and get a new case
and by virgin we mean
haha naw you mad we speak the truth.
looking fwd to opening for ya brother
Loading up my car to get it down to the Douglas County Fairgrounds. See YOU tomorrow morning!!
I think the dumbest mistake I made last year was not buying more than 1 pair of Cement 3's when they dropped in November <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
me too!
ICS Financial Systems Showcases its Leading-edge Solutions at MEFTEC 2012 - Bobsguide (press release)
Have u had the Mac and cheese yet? I wanna try it so bad!
If I lived in SoCal I would be going to the NCAA Men's Volleyball National Championship game at Galen Center at USC 7:30.
hey... I'm old enough to go to the barz.
First day of highschool, and it didn't get lost!! :)
Thanks new pavilion looks cool.
You are not healthy! RT : I hate when my hands randomly get cold and turn purple
I seriously hate you :(
Talked to a girl that's on the vampire diaries today on the sidewalk. I'm ashamed of myself for recognizing her...
Getting an amazing phone case very soon.
i love CODY SIMPSON the most...and his lips are going to be raped by me :)
I feeling very low tonight an Idk why
Welp, that was a strange game.
Watching the documentary Dr. Bronner's Magic Soapbox, two min in it might be the scariest movie I've ever seen.
did you get my texts?
Listening to Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist while driving...95 is such a boring highway.
Awesome. Please let me know if you have any feedback or have any ?'s about
This guy just called me old lolol.
Good foul
I wanna tan today...
I look like a cow girl right now. Dear god. Someone help me.
This theatre is crazy.
ok you confuse me lol I never know if your with jay or not aye aye aye “: Renewing our vows :D”
Bodybuilding is obsolete. It is the antithesis of functional exercise. CG Philosophie.
While I don't enjoy staying here, my medical team has been awesome! Thx Laura, Maija, Patience, Susan, Mitsy, Doctors & ID team!
haha awe poor kitten :O but at least you didnt have much time to get attached?
happy MLK day!
Thanks for the #FF!!
my sister just called me a creature..
Actually, everything you do is annoying..
u will..it just started raining here... there will be lotsa tix too
has recently developed a healthy addiction to Law and Order
where did you get that... he is so perfect. I want him.
Is this #dwts show or a plug for the Kardashians? So unfair!
Take a deep breath you are strong. You can do this, ego aside head held high. Only winners take the challenge and rise.-My Dad game advice.
Happy mother's day!!
congrats on the role in Contracted (just read the news this morning)! Huge fan of Dawning.
I'll be there! Can't wait!
Facebook I think fml
In Denver. Beautiful city. Oh yeah, fuck the Rapids.
Allergies are starting to kick my butt this afternoon. Ugh!
i made a special pic showing how much i truly love getin tweets from u all<3 one secc
Mrs. just taught Miss to use a coaster.
hey now! I'm a legit follower :)
why does it that everyone love but cant make that love last its sad really
Texas Plates? Why yes please
What ever happened to integrity?
Good look bros shoot outs to you too
New #job #Nursing instructor full time or part time
Annoys the shit out of me when umps affect a game. Wake up Stern.
RT : Sam Jackson Park Road now open.
Randy: Joan experiences science as an outsider (as many of us do), earth as an insider (as few of us do).
well duh!! Anyone else?
I'm sitting right next you guys <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Race weekend!!! Ready to get this party started!!!
Hey wanna chat
Our Ft. Lauderdale COA Prep Course in 3 wks is already at full capacity but I just contacted the venue to add more space. Y'all come!
Yup, we have a session at 2pm in Room C on social organizing! RT : are you hosting a session today?
Gloomy day outside, new clients shooting inside.
Yeah, she leaves tomorrow morning, I leave Tuesday.
forget we think you're swell.
Don't cry because it's over; smile because it happened. -Dr. Seuss
What's that? Plagued by a case of the Biebers? I'm sorry, ma'am. It's incurable. He'll just keep coming back
U r the best!!
The only reason I watched celebrity apprentice just got fired.
great day for some Floyd!
We cant depend on our looks to pay our bills forever,we do get old,we cant depend on rapping ,but we can depend on God,he allways there
My next road trip will take me to Vicksburg, MS. I will leave tomorrow morning. Have a safe weekend everyone
At the orthopedic #greenwoodorthopedics @
The mirror do lie cuz it dnt show the inside of you (feelings)
Huge fan here. Good luck this season.
oh yeah? It opened very, very easy for me.
Whole house, but not a mansion or anything. Probably four hours though. That feels totally worth $100 at this point.
I love it when he knows that I fell asleep, but he still says goodnight. <3
its so bad that they would do better by just being quiet when N.O. has the ball
What song? :) what up jersey girl. #Jersey is where its at.
I wanna watch shark boy and lava girl
Want a custom painted parasol for the Saints games?! Hit up
Growing my beard back!
hanging with karmen & jenna.
My break is too long... I don't need 45 minutes to eat lunch... I'd rather have 3 15 minute breaks.
lol so been there!
Happy Birthday David... Hope its a great one
hey JAKE ur awesome!!!!!
QUICK EASY EXERCISES single 10 minute workouts!! qe2exercise.com
Awesome...as always. I'm sure will appreciate as well. Thanks man!
I imagine Laurence Sterne in the age of misappropriated use of hashtag commentary and sign for the future of em-dashes and parentheses.
I wish. Work trip.
Space shuttle flyby of DC was OK but gawkers actually parked on view-friendly bridges over the Potomac. Huge mess; my commute took xtra hour
Don't forget a sippy cup tomorrow.. ;)
Are teens shooting the video or is staff handling that? I like the idea of teens learning to manipulate technology
weather is suppose to be dry and the deck should be hoping for afterwards
That awkward moment when Captain America's best friend Bucky becomes The Winter Soldier and tries to kill him....woops.
It's 48 out right now. I think I may just stay in bed w the heater on this presidents day.
i went back to the wishlist, laid it out different & cut 2 systems... I'm not going to be as happy, but it should work.
How do you add instant value to your listing ? Carpet and Paint. Call a contractor you can trust. @ Mr.D's painting we do it all Lic# 630616
I'm digging that new Shonda Rhimes series #Scandal that's pretty good!
#BAYMAM - Your coding system is fabulous!
Sharing the Twitter love!
Just booked our first postgame meal of the 2012 season with Milwaukee's Favorite NL franchise. Can't wait!!!
Becoming a happy positive person is a habit. What one thing will u do differently today?
Filner says "I just outlined my pension plan. I'm glad Nathan has picked that one up from me."
Things that appear to be mutually exclusive: 1. Feeding baby while 3yo is awake. 2. Going to the bathroom while either child is awake.
this day in blues history: blues singer Ethel Waters born October 31, 1896
Ohright! When u email nobody can read what you said like on facebook #timelinecansuckit I wanna trend that
thank you! Be sure to follow our FB pages and ESY blog! Pinterest account coming soon...
And I wonder if u know what it means...
it was one tweet
very nice indeed mark!
What you need for thinking through your org's website: mood boards, typical audience profiles, and content priorities.
Kali has made it home. His new and last home in Brooklyn with my roomie Talia and her dog, Nina. Thanks to Fritz for roadtripping with me!
good alt 4 fried chicken! Dip skinless chkn breast in spray butter roll in crushed rice krispies bake 350 till golden brown!
Weird question but how do you get on a cosmetic company's list for that? I'd love to get press releases! TY.
Vegas, Phoenix, Houston, Indianapolis, & Jacksonville were the Top 5 scanning cities in 's #QR Code campaign
#FF my fabulous reporter team: and Twitter derelict
I'm sad, too. I'm glad it's raining here, it's a fitting tribute. I loved Mr. Sendak's work.
If you tell I ask for too much then that means I'm too much for you..
Three Marriott partner Hotels are steps from the Start line! Stay at Fairfield Inn&Suites/Spring Hill Suites/Courtyard Marriott
Tweet of the year
#POTD is Airplane! (1980), which I was reminded of by today. If you have never seen this..."why do you hate comedy?" (C. Hardwick)
1 day baby. we like members of aa taking it 1 dream @ a time until we have our nite in paris w/ the 1. the 1 is all we need! :)
haha going through lines now! when I answer say HEY ITS TYLER!
Where's my baby, ?
will do!
Bitches and hoes
Rest in peace, Ruth Fernandez, “el alma de Puerto Rico hecha canción.”
On my way to Astoria for some stout and cold weather!
Yay!!!! I finally wrote in my #WIP! One thousand words! Gosh, I feel good.
Love to you too!
AND ITS ON..GN
Got off work in time to run home and change then go to iyg :)
Combo party. Totally!! 2013
You must really like boosie . Smh at you Marcus
Wanted to get back out for a #D2L cocktail but the storm is gently suggesting I stay in. Anyone in the actual hotel bar(s)?
So excited for #glee tonight. Whoopi Goldberg is on this episode!
hey jay, great meeting you yesterday. Let's keep in touch
Happy Bday to the Goat! Michael Jordan! Love the memories!.and the heart you always showed unmatched. Unmatched!
im going to sleep im so tired goodnight xx
If my math is correct, that's an 18-0 run for the Spurs.
Get ready for Napa Hour! 5pm!
Need a band name - we mash up 70s bluesy rock with hip hop - 4 guys and me - so far 'mantarts' and 'mixed nuts' are out.
#ASECS12 Looking at sensibility discourse across trade networks between Caribbean and New York, through lens of a divorce trial.
out of cigarettes and its pissing me off
Sounds great, sign me up!!
Hi Kendra - great meeting you yesterday at Row 14. Thought I was following you - oops! That's been fixed. :)
Every time I get a 12" hoagie --thinking I'll get 2 meals out of it-- I can't stop eating and just finish it all. So good.
First class mail?! #yay! From who? The Senior Citizen's League.
this is my shit.
RT; if you read this(;! AHHahahahha
haha thanks. I have until the 30th but I need that chick to reply or I'm gonna me shit outta luck. have you written lately?
Just drinkin' Hot Chocolate *.*
Clinton Pledges $25 Million for Net Freedom Fighters
RT Work In Your Underwear & Make $230+ Paid Daily Using Twitter 100% Free! ~Wait, I already do that and get my cock sucked!
Yay! We look forward to having you Aimee!
oh i thinnk i meant to send that to
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 4: Team members should all look engaged, supportive and affirming from beginning to end.
Shower felt great
Reality Check: 79 boys did not "like" your picture because you're "pretty", they liked it because your tits are hanging out, smh.
Comment section on Naright has lost it. People, in all sincerity, are saying Lil B isn't getting his proper respect
thanks for following us! we will be showcasing our collection Spring 2011! Stay tuned!
Just finished #c25k week 4 run 2 with #GetRunning – 31½ minutes of exercise and 16 minutes of running. Next run: Friday 27th.
I've consumed so many chocolate-covered espresso beans in the last month they've become their own food group.
I agree. Conscious evolution is the only option. Have a great day!
Indianapolis company donates supplies to Henryville school
I Hope She Beat This Bitch Ass !.
Thank you to Mark and the team at MSCO for my new Twitter skin! Looks great!
hey, inbox me your num plz
Ugh, migraine…
Photo shoot time! I love my job! :-)
Opening Night Party by Luxe Magazine at C.S. Wo for the ASID OCC Dream Home tonight
Darn that Joan Didion. She made me cry again.
RT : Work for a cause, not for applause.
And we'd still have a few more years of WW2 to get through!
Finally the sensationalist media is acknowledging there is no Economic recovery
awww mattchu!! I miss u too!!!:( cant stop thinking about CALI!!
Boys II Men singing me to sleep.
Galaxy Tab makes a great Kindle! Free amazon kindle app gives me all the books plus I can do email, browse web, play games :)
much much worse
$PASO Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on!
umm let's see... If you like me by we the kings
Never in my life will I be able to curl my hair with a straightener. Never ever never.
You need some clean protein like #Ahi and complex carbs #rice and rest! #followus #SanJose #eat healthy!
wow...4 home runs in one game,,,
A friend gave his life today for very ones who murdered him in #Kurdistan, #Iraq; he epitomized the msg of "preemptive love"
I need a crochet fairy to come visit my house tonight
Thanks and likewise! Never stop!
I really like one word tweets
how often do you visit your library as a meeting place, for programming, or other "library as community center" interactions?
STOP! I can't take any more blatant unethical abuse of public positions.
Happy Birthday!! Enjoy this day in full!
Happiness? That's nothing more than health and a poor memory
North Carolinians vote down gays tying knot. Think marriage should be between a man and his sister.
Well, naturally. But since I don't have any I settled for peanuts...literally.
Watching my lil brothers football game
it was totally a girls day :)
thanks for the re-tweet!
These mfs killing me with these squares...smh<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Martin why did you do that? Because I lost my temper..
And your still important to me. Why?
including the one they just built over here I think 5 now .
thanks for the RT Robert!
here we go
I went on a diet, swore off drinking and heavy eating, and in fourteen days I lost two weeks.
in the car this weekend dude! Omg. Bout to fsu~
Girl next to me wearing an all time low shirt hey what's up
#iPhone users. Yesterday got a yellow hazard logo appear on my screen & now phone wont charge or sync. This is an iPhone 4 not jailbroken
Awake at 6 am? Cuddle in bed on twitter.
will you be there Wednesday?
#edumooc2 Wiki-textbooks? Where the students assemble the text over the course of the class
#AskPSanders favorite tv show?
not at all. We might be the only two though.
Congrats to on new gig w/ & will have u wearing plaid in no time.
Happy the lord woke me up to another day :)
Hot dammnit it's the weekend!
aw Nat you're too sweet! Thank you! :)
Bo Burnham is gorgeously offensive.
Man people are coming down hard on Micheal Jordan & the Bobcats, but how many hall of players became good coaches? Not Magic or Isaiah.
iPhone. Do it for the fans ;)
DailyHookahTip#96: Do not run water down the hose to clean it. This will cause corrosion in the hose and an unpleasant taste later.
D'OH (Homer Simpson) now you tell me - lol
A lot of bitches with muk faces on my tL
Let's go Vancouver!
Were can i send my info
before when my mom me mycousins aunt and uncle when we got out of the car itold my mom beiconic and shesaid wat do u want lol
Donovan #usa !!
Dave Eisert says hi. And, you're doing twitter examples?
congrads u got 100 followers!!! P.S.>ur still a loser...
Silly boys.
it's hotter than hell this saturday.... $3 red devil cocktails, dance with the devil contest, open bar 10-1am
Snoop Warren Rihanna...
alabama safety
Isn't this how we all spend our days? ; ) RT : reading Law, Regulations, or other dry manuals.
I didn't say have sex with it! lol you'd get an STD. Just a kiss with it :D
I can't believe made me watch such a terrible movie.
A kiss: To a young girl, faith; to a married woman, hope; to an old maid, charity.
we had guest appearances by and lol
wow...cant believe that. Well it impressed me to see your tweet in SI.
RT : I love that sketch..thx brother
We have received your application to Confirmations will go out to registrants soon! Looking forward to meeting you.
for now, until our next encounter
OT are ya with me?!?
follow back homie!
Final Score USC 17 - Utah 14. Fantastic and exciting 4th Quarter! Great Game! Fight On!
Light it up, like its dynamite®
two beautiful performances 2nite, your rockers Amazing!!
#uic lined up in the bowels of the pavilion about to march in for LAas commencement
I miss you bitch!
yeah there is some Star Wars in the mix for me as well as wine
Got the new Apple I Phone ? Super say Rickey Lee Watson and listen to "What I Love About America" It's on Fire and sweeping the Country
yo its Carlos! Follow back a me!
Build-measure-learn. Repeat.
is around the show and ready to answer any questions. Hit up their table to plan that next Ski trip.
sorry! I saw your smiling face pop up when I was checking in..
guess what i got!?
depends on build out cost ect. I would say that is on the higher end and could be a bit much. You could work it with 200k
Shooting a commercial w/ & baby Indie, in the morning!
thank you <U+263A>
Trying to make it in boring ass Arlington!
Yes. It's the 1-loss scenario that's worrisome, although the rules governing the process need to be known first.
I don't know actually probably fucked hahaha :P
I didn't know you were managing too. You're a busy guy!
I'm serious hun! Moderation is key!
Brothers gotta eat haha
Can't wait for SF!
We all drink from wells we didn't dig; eat fruit from trees we didn't plant. - be ever grateful.
Agreed... RT : Loved the NFL commercial. Well done, and fun nostalgia.
Again, this is final game of the first round of the Big 12 Tournament. NCAA Tournament positions also on the line. A&M to kick 1st.
you should try 's zucchini pickles - will bump it up higher on your list.
When we believe, we can achieve!
Kind of crazy, kind of awesome to think that hunger strikes are still a way to get what you deserve.
Chile es un pais de fuerza y solidaridad admirable. I love you people!!!
#ff Upcoming projects
yeah it should just be one night to collect the data. I'm wishing you luck, hope they help you!
RT : "You can't truly rest until every area in your life rests in God." AW Tozer
!!! RT : Ya proms gonna be wack compared to HVTs!
Only an hour left in this class -.-
Don't let today's deal pass you by! Glow's site goo.gl/Le1J - $20 gets you $40 towards ANY services! www.crowdclick.com
yes SANG
Don't want you to be bummed? Would you like a copy of the book?
wow i know 6th graders tht r like 5'6 there taller then both of us :-) lol
Facebook bought the wrong company, go get
Nair!!RT I willcut a check into itty bitty pieces an make you confetti... thats all i got for you
And I thought I loved you then <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Watching the encore DWTS!! Can't wait for tomorrow night!
Getting hyped up for my jam yo! :O
Hey Tucker! Are you busy on Sunday? Maybe we can have one then ^_^
I seriously don't like that nigga!!!
Filner says he has experience working in binational way.
The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession, what there is of it.
Ask her to go out to have fun it's either im busy or no son
real talk I'm annoyed so shut the fuck up
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself. - Lloyd Alexander
nice meeting you, albeit briefly.
Such foolishness only brings the gospel of Jesus Christ into ridicule and derision, all because some foolish old man thinks.....
Vote on Tuesday and get Walker out NOW. It's really simple. It's a checkmate move. Use it!
Zavada: Head voice is your sighing voice, chest voice is sighing, belt voice is calling.
DM me your email address please
Love it! Two of them sleeping at my feet right now :)
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
12 machines x12 reps, 2/3 normal weight, goal 12x12x2 reduced weight rest of Feb then full weights & reps to start March.
Rumor has it that Beat The Buzzer is going up to $1,500 tomorrow!!
4 US based league clubs are in CCL group stage
look on , they tweeted about it.
video arts or design i don't even know yet!
Who here likes the old Mo-Town music? We love it! Classics!
follow for all bella thorne news xo
"Will you dare to divulge? An instant musical revealed nightly."
The woman gives reason to be unfaithful, a man no.
Native app- built for target platform. Web app- write once, pub once.
Our great weekly team call is TONIGHT 6pm EST. JOIN ME! Message me for the number. What can it hurt?
The jacket my mom sent me smells like wood stove. The smell of home.
You ready? Our brackets need this.
I was kicking it to those old songs...
"Glory to God alone"
I think my boyfriend broke my back.
Vegas observation #4: Pretty sure I'm not the only one who has no idea how to play these penny slots. Pull the lever? Okay I can do that.
Nice. I try to throw in Star Trek references when working with some of my team members.
Puck out of play at The Q goes into the club level... Right near Don't see that every night
what's with you guys and sending everyone shitty porn?
good.. she can emilys cock
That song by Jackson 5, I'll always be there, is on American Idol right now.
thanks for the tip! I live in a metro area and they don't service my neighborhood. They offered dial-up, time travel exits!
Kill the head and the body will die
it's now Dark brown instead of black ..:)
D Rose and living the dream!
Thank you to everyone who came out to the show last night & supported the band. It was great to see some familiar faces & some new ones!
I spent 1 hour Bowling. 224 calories burned.
Dirk Salomons of Columbia U asks whether #unicef's traditional independence is affected when it's now tied to political positions of UNSC.
Thank you for spamming me ryan
SNOG, MARRY, AVOID? Niall Horan, Tom Parker and Justin Bieber
im just gonna miss being so close with everyone ): my whole grades like family
Republicans are the worst back seat drivers and armchair quarterbacks. They always drive our country backwards and call the wrong plays.
Ha! I see what you did there! : #HomicideCops are not #Superstitious.... Just Stitious”
Props to MY BROTHER for getting signed to THE ROC!!
I wish I had the chance to crack the book before they began casting roles for the film. Although it does sound intriguing.
I may just try to sneak into the 's networking event tonight without paying. That seems like a great conversation starter.
“: I'm excited to see some new material soon :)” // soon and very soon!
Just me and you
please open the Q and have a celebration of the life of #JuniorSeau Sunday or Monday night for his fans.
He's such a good creeper. If the guys do anything that we don't know about, he'll find out
I agree with if manning is healthy and in good shape he would make any team a super bowl contender
still don't see ur red mustache here
Anyone els think last night was scary no power :( thank god we have power now :)
“A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” – John Steinbeck
I asked Nee Nee if I could take her out and she said no, I've been working hard enough so she is taking me out!! I LOVE My Sisssy!!! :D
He's already on final approach in Charlotte. RT": For what? RT staying in Cali tonight?"
ive been good , just been writing and get ready to record these songs . sorry im all late replying . .
Vanier Park, 1100 Chestnut Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada
Peace lily presented to City Council re: peace resolution
I am honored to have following me.
Hi twitter. I've been missing you!
But I can't seem to stress this enough to myself...
LIKE this status if you've seen Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows. What did you think?
Plan on a US trip anytime soon? keep me posted!
nice....keep it up sschneebeck
Neverr trust a girl that says yolo
school school and school
The best part about being 21 is that even then you don't HAVE to do those things.
Am at a hippy concert in Grand Prairie,TX wishing I were Lisa Lampanelli's date
When is Sam gonna stop being a bitch and unblock me.
only change I would make to that movie is to have Kimble tell that story to the kids at nap time.
#idol Ok, so no one is really talking about that rude comment that Hollie made to Colton when Jessica's vote off was revealed... tacky!
Is it just a game i dont know..
I wanna pet piggy
hm sounds sneaky!
She emailed to say our papers were graded & in our boxes. I wish she would have emailed the grades.
I've been waiting for #AfterLaughter forever. I can hardly wait. : )
Great wifv dc boot camp today at Discovery!
I only got a 7. Must aspire to more snark.
I have entered weirdsgiving. Finally.
Looks like the BGC is going to start playing in the Blacklight sandbox!
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort. Full effort is full victory. - Mahatma Gandhi
Maybe my last tweet !!!! Maybe
People are not what they say, they are what they do
Chick-Fil-A for dinner! #score <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094>
Any time guys, always a pleasure. Have a great weekend. RT Thanks & for joining today on !
Thank you! So are we!
Haha, you're the best.
I'm with *holds up her glass*
Expired toppings? Did they not just open?
When Im on modcloth I put twenty things in my basket chuckle then tear up and hit the X
Merry Christmas to all, and may God Bless you.
I proclaim his WORD! Everything has changed 4 ME!
While Metallica has been covered briefly for "Oh Yeah/Oh No!", I think they may be worthy of a lengthy discussion.
Galveston was fun.
I be thinking too much
Coming Monday! RT Excited to take on as editor of vox, be ready for a future of who stole the Cheetos from the vending machine.
Hey wat u think about a scrolling digital social media trinitron type of scoreboard #Wrigley ?
Unable to reply via DM without a follow, love.
U2 - Magnificent - 06:24 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Nevermind my day just FAILED -.-
Good, then the Cubs' goal was achieved RT : #Cubs signing Mike MacDougal to a minor league deal makes me feel so much better
Live To Give Week 4 - Buy A Stranger Something at Random - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Your generosity knows no bounds.
Seriously. I HATE attack campaigns. They all suck!
Tickets are sold out for the Julie Andrews event. For those that have their tickets, we look forward to seeing you!
Happiness is real-life Choose Your Own Adventure! Check out and find delight in exploring new places!
As many others have stated, Obama is probably "evolving" on equality today because if not, the interview would be pointless. Makes sense.
hey dan bob lew here congrats on award
sorry to hear about your resident. it is always hard. hope your week gets better.
blogging. if i can remember how.
come down here bro and let's get it. I'm always on it
This is not the love that it should be. But I know it can be.
tbh that illuminati video made me wanna watch The Edge Of Glory
Help cover the Iranian bloggers. Change your Twitter settings : location to Tehran, time zone to GMT +3.30.
today's lunch...conv ctr? Time?
At the show. Yay. :/ lol When can this be done?
Right. Down-play, down-play, down-play.
It's a full house and we've been looking for 45 minutes for a seat and it's useless. No one will help.
WHEN EVER SOMEONE SMILES @ U. DNT TAKE IT WEIRD. EXCEPT IT, AND TREASURE IT.
Good thing my date is 6ft *-*
Who offers organic veggie delivery in Albany ?
The Unicorn Slayer is killing with the # 1 spot on #CC250 !!!! Thank you
Always thinking of the future, never thinking of the past.
Portland Trail Blazers and Providence Health & Services join the Save Portland PE Coalition! saveportlandpe#
god damn it i didnt tag you
As a non-profit theatre rep I have a bit of techno-lust after some of these awesome tools that are financially out of my reach.
What rumor? Your link didn't work.
Breaking News: The Round Table Pizza on Geary has a new Mazda 3 as their delivery car.
At the hospital:(
E-Business and Commerce,Multicultural Issues in International Business..
been eating choc
yeah, good follow. Almost every tweet is about how great his book is though. But I think it worked cause I want it.
Definitely didn't need the jacket today! I don't know what to wear any more. Wardrobe!
Selena Gomez Rocks NY State Fair — and a Very Special Bracelet (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
well you should sign off the chat!
Special thanks to and the entire #ADPR4300 class. My heart was warmer than a by the time we finished.
me too!
holla at me when u got dat deposit! Lol
It's you, you're weird. :)
Great catch!
Im in love with your personality and smile. Is that to weird? xD
#shoutout to the lady in the speedway buying a 40oz of Cobra at 9am.
AMNESIA (noun): A condition that enables women who have gone through the torture of childbirth to have unprotected sex again.
Very Super COOL. Check out our tweets most with our musical vision attached, We Call it POP JAZZ New Sounds, TRB
that's awesome we just added maps to the emails.
The realization that paddling season starts in January. NIce!
About time, I thought you deserved one for Control Alt Del. I really thought you were banging that computer, you were that great.
already on it homie
Cleveland is not making a good first impression on me. The airport anyway.
The moon is so pretty tonight!
hey u officially moving to NYC ???
So glad we finally met IRL! Too bad is in DC though!
Mens best successes come after their disappointments.
lmao I guess it's never to early to sleep. :p are you waiting for something ?
Open Room Change Period Starts Today!!!!
The clinic that #sportingkc is putting on right now is taking the pain away from this #royals losing streak
you as well!
I really aint trying to drive to franklin then back to smyrna for these banquets!
after reading that article on Animaniacs, I now have that theme song running through my head.
Nice job hangin' in there! What time do you tee off tomorrow?
I was getting really jealouse./;
there are some companies that already offer that but they're lame. An exchange and sharepoint expert can set up the same thing
Shocked and dismayed to see how many ferrets need adoption. People should research before ggeting a pet. Ferrets aren't as cuddly.
Thanks for making contact! Perfect timing!!!
awesome, keep up the great work man!
dang, I hate school!
I personally think Atlanta dont know if they want to be a power running team or a high scoring vertical team with their Jones/White tandem
Idk why it happens but sometimes i feel Disconnect.
#The Engineer for God
Have a bachelorette party to figure out by tomorrow night. This is gonna be a difficult task seeing as I cant plan what to do normally.
CAN'T WAIT!!!
I am at the pool at the Mirage right now waiting for !! This freaking amazing and so r these stiff raspberry lemonades!!! <U+E307><U+E415><U+E418>
RIP Mike Jones good thing it's February cuz that niggas history
"Life is not about people who act true to your face. It is about people who remain true behind your back! #TRUTH! :)"
Who doesn't fucking love cookie dough?
this is all about to get serious. jk . were only in jr. high.
what's up cutie
what does the son do for a living?
Happy Friday everyone :) enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend!
I'm in a bit of a pickle- whats you number missy? I need your help! :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I feel like slam-dunking in the middle office right now.
Only hoes and sluts use the phrase Y.O.L.O.... Smh... Just cuz u live once dnt mean sh*t so stop!
G2g follow me (I follow back)
you are the greatest.
Today was a lazy day. Now off to work!
If you interupt my story to correct a minor detail you can
Can I marry u drake????
It's a major award.
It was our pleasure!
Went straight from work to Monona Terrace...
I can do this...I am qualified...I'm eager to learn and make my mark...PLEASE hire me. Fingers, toes, legs and arms - all crossed...
And tomorrow we'll go back to bein friends
I wanna f*ck you like an animal. I wanna feel you from the inside.
not yet, still waiting on paperwork to process. but hopefully november? maybe october if i'm lucky.
Record store day. It's magical like unicorns.
A bus ride isn't a bus ride unless there's someone drinking a bottle of wine and talking to him/herself
Ha! This made me snort...
Good Morning... Happy Saturday
I spent 30 minutes doing Wii Sports. 112 calories burned.
Kinda wish my boyfriend wasn't high most of the time :/
She is married w kids now
thanks for sharing, Mick, and thanks for "writing," Aaron. Take the quotation marks as a compliment, please.
Today's Openhack with guest Erik Spangler is canceled due to
The awkward moment when you think it’s raining outside you run to go tell your family only to find out the sprinkler hit your window
I'm good... Voxer me later
laying out today at rachels then work at 3.
u r such a hater G.
Happy Friday gals! Another RA-related post on the way
thats our cousin Jeff...
Sometimes no matter how many prayers we pray or how many tears we shed or how many hearts get broken
Note on Michael Whitmore's talk: engaging but impossible (for me at least) to reduce to tweets.
www.twistaid.com/news !
Content, container, and concept of libraries.
girl we are twins!!! Hahahaha mental twins <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
There's always that one hair that thinks its cute to stand up..
I was born to make mistakes, and I'll die with all of my lessons learned. . .
Thank you for the RT! Have a great day!
youre missing out on a pizza party!
Asst Prof Elaine Yuan's work on "Community in Modern Societies:A culturalist critique of ‘online community’ in new media studies" at ICA 11
Im the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. Genesis 1:1 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen Revelation 22:21
Justin beiber and iconic boys!?!?
LOL! RT : MC Hammer just "liked" one of my pictures on Instagram! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Please positive minded people unite!
It's a conservation risk assessment report - making recommendations on policies, etc.
hey , so tomorrow i have a basketball game , I promise to make a shot for you if you wish me luck ? :)
yeah it is xD
Today went rly well:) I'm so happy u and I are best friends again<3
had your dad on Wake Up Wisconsin prior to your senior day. Biggest hands I've ever seen.
Just saw the biggest frog/toad of life o.o
Checking out Film Socalisme tonight can't wait for Godard's new provocations...
keep digging! lots of games left.
seems i am the last speaker before drinks next week. works for me.
Someone had to teach them prim n propers what not to do;)
Full day: Meals on Wheels; meeting contractor at house in escrow; picking up a commission check; writing counter offer; prop searches :)
": your wrong Son in Spanish ------> #EstosHuevos with an H ok" I know, but add a j and its H
No Sponsoring Required Yet You Can Get Paid Residual Income... www.YourTimeToAct.com
A Happiest Birthday to my Crush !!! Hope your day is Amazing ;-) xo
that was really amazin.i no how you feel.
"It's not Jesus, it's Marni!"
Extra innings are destroy my sleep schedule. Rangers are gonna mess it up tomorrow.
Jose is on it! RT : #McCarverism RT : home runs should not count if you lose and count doble if you win
Basically, it's a subcontinental version of a "Not Adam and Steve" argument.
Actually, being married is like eating your favorite food everyday, after a couple days your like like, fuck this lasagna, I want a taco!!
We've started our Capitol Improvement Fund debate: $21,900 to spend! Exec. Board will meet Wed. to narrow the list to 10!
My MISS ZIBA GIRL 2009 celebration is tonight at 7pm in Glendale
Retweet- if you wanna be in my bio .
#RIT grad presents as part of
EXACTLY.. OMGOMG cos i did a bunch of cleaning and shit today and my dad was happy and he wasnt pissed when he found out :D
Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago.
Well the house is rocking!!! We have food, fun and entertainment tonight!
dude ur missing the whole point. It's just my opinion cuz I watched him as a kid then he feed everyone the bs he did
RT Great day at #ABQ Botanic Gardens. Drop by to celebrate National Public Gardens Day!!!
Stop in tonight to watch the #Packers #MNF game! We got $2 tall boys all night! Also, RT this for a chance to win free dinner tonight!
Yeah! I'll dig those pics up for you along with my Beastie Boys photos. Weren't you there with me in the pit for that?
Orioles join Joe Saunders in abrupt return trips to Earth.
Chatroulette is scary. Pedophile paridise. I guess if you want to get flashed it's a great place to be.
I thought they were having opps 4 fans (non-subs) 2? I hope so! Will try like crazy 2 win :)
Good morning,Mr Ary,teachers and friends. Heheh
look at the windows
I've been craving a sandwich all week. I am re-structuring all my meals so I can have one for dinner. has certainly taken over
emailed my g, she said some weird stuff but all in all cool with it, just wants me to go home for Christmas.
#rulesoftwitter don't hash tag everytime u tweet I hate that
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do. Roy L. Smith
8:21. Just arrived at Spence Farm. The sun is a shining and the winds a blowing!!!
Heat got blowed out.
dc #nonprofit lawyers: looking for a great summer law student intern? i have a few good ones! DM me if you are interested.
Looking to help all with your ac repairs or questions. Please follow
Paul George just made wade or lebron look bad
I do this for the luv of music, I make no doe, so I have no reason to bullshyt anybody
Wow Jenelle was dumb for taking Kieffer back only to have him break up w/ her #fail & Adam is so disrespectful to Chelsea
Up and ready for a fun day at the job.. but first, gotta hit the shops!
yes.. what ya need?
Gonna have to go with Bell Boy. Keith on lead vocals (for a good part of the song, anyway) = awesome
#LRT I remember it used to get me hyped before games on JV lol
Hahaha. Yeah, except he isn't wearing clothes...
oh haha I see damn lol and yea maybe I'll get a hold of her tomorrow
Wait, you're allowed to DH for anyone?
I'm skinny on the inside
A rash of burglaries in Central Austin...APD is urging everyone to lock their doors.
What a bitch.
Weeden, McCoy, Wallace, Brown, Thomas... Who's the odd man out in Cleveland?
Plot points of a somewhat entertaining movie missed because of
I love Janet's blog!
YAY! It's going to be a blast! :)
RT : We are a family place, a great date spot BUT you haven't been @ the bar yet...there are singles here ; )
"The deeper you go, the deeper it goes." Jordan Weisman, on "The Beast" ARG.
needs your help! Send an email to all Senate & House leaders in Tally with your support of #HB99 & #SB202! We need your help!
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the stonebags - Kanye West<3
The smartest name in the industry. CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness...
Performance at a high school with dim lights trying to juggle hahaha........
Naomi from the country of Moab. 7She said, ‘Please let me glean and gather among the sheaves behind the reapers.’ She has been #Torah 32
John Mayer just took the stage to play background guitar for Buddy Guy at GRAMMYs on the Hill . Amazing cool,
Oh.my.gosh.Becky.look at her butt. XD i love that part
Some times, your thoughts are the last things you want to think
“: Tweets will b unlocked promptly at 12 tonight until Monday morn” stfu -.-
Rock on ladies!
Watching John King fondle my home state #Ohio on the screen is awkward.
you are amazing.
Emo girls are hot!
I am so, so sleepy. But it was all worth it.
Robbie Cano don't you know!!!
lol this was supposed to go to my twitter ....
Mixed up the 12 but focused on frosted (choc or stawberry) with sprinkles, boston cream, double chocolate, etc! :)
Just saw in today's Dharma Doodle that you were at 's talk at I was there as well! Amazing experience!
nice to "meet" you...
I dnt even like the UK....
me sam im lovely !! mega!!!
I want a smoothie...but it's too late to leave the house
Happy birthday stevie :)
I love your hairstyle... Jajaja
Here's a great article about the work being done in Weinland Park by the Weinland Park Collaborative which is made up of over 20...
yes. Cause the other ones are in the other bottle.
Had a dealer so excited about Gemeinhardt he signed up as an official Gemeinhardt dealer for the first time in all his years in the business
Yeah!:) Your a drummer?:)
...there's a big difference between afraid of commitment and not wanting to commit to the wrong one*
Watching football
My mom made French toast :') ah:D
It's going to be a long day.....
Me too! I am always amazed by decision makers in large organizations try to conduct efforts in a vacuum & that it will work.
"Be happy for others success because the reason they do it is for YOU! You're their strength, their inspiration, and their love."
oh yeah(;
So over it
Busy all day-your updates kept me in the know re what happened with the bill-THX!
lol thats your department not mine :p
E-Board nomination meeting. T minus 75 minutes! 6109 Anglin Drive, Forest Hill, TX, 76119
Gonna rock a little tonight...
San Francisco is such a beautiful place
Now she want a photo, you already know tho'
You should!
You're welcome! If the #ROC bug bites again, let us know what kind of #newdigs you're looking for. We'd love to help.
I'm @ the gym, need to get some jump shots up and some conditioning badly. I won't embarrass myself next week
Last day of school
a lioness memory is sharp as her bite and last like a missing limb...for-ev-er
I wouldn't want to put grip tape on it! Haha
True that
Gary Ross isn't going to be directing Catching Fire. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Any more info on who will be?
Morning Lovelies!!
Hi Ross! We're you able to read the email we sent you about yesterday? We can send it again if you need it!
OMG i used to do that so damn much when i was in 8th grade. idk why it was just 8th grade though thats the strange thing lol xD
My long awaited (ok, not that long but feels that way) order from Haiti has apparently made it to BWI.
Good Friday Morning! “Begin with the end in mind.” - Dr. Stephen Covey
Good morning gorgeous sunshine! It's midweek & the motivation, energy & momentum are knocking at the door to a whole new level. Let's Go!
but that's not the issue tonight. Wade is cold. Even if Bron wanted him to play 2nd fiddle he couldn't. lol
That's awesome!! Congrats!
are you friends with #wentworth?
Yay, glad we did you right! Be on the lookout for a followup email.
good morning Stan.
Interesting thought-those who are visually impaired cannot use e-readers. Something to keep in mind with digital textbooks
2 more days , I can do this.
Make a wish. Take a chance. Make a change.
Thank god for walmart and coinstar
Good luck to all the students finishing up their term papers & gearing up for finals. CONGRATS to those who will be graduating!
Well, I was gonna recommend that you work on your short game... But I think you oughta get drunk.
where at?
calling all unsigned rappers,producers,singers, & POTENTIAL models join our #Team via email your info "We GOT work!"
dating my ex again haha I actually did miss the little rascal :P
what it do bro
well it's 5 minutes till 1for me!!!
What is everyone's plans for Friday night?
RT : I really liked the 's today!!!! You picked good choices to put on the website, Frank Warren!
snow in october?
Omg I got to go to partycity to buy costumes for the girls..I can imagine the crowd!
Enjoy your lunch
O.O THEY DID!!!! EEEEWWWWW. GONA HAVE TO TALK TO THEM BOUT THIS STUFF THEN! I DONT GET IT
I need V.I.C. in Dayton, OH.
LAUGH OUT LOUD<U+2764>
as am i. Saints really didnt deserve to win with 5 turnover tho. Either way amazing game
rocked it @ UCLA, UNF, & Purdue! Inspire those to find the perfect #internship! Bring her to #campus to speak!
I think as a female.as your age increases.u should decrease dancing with your hands on your knees........
Does anyone else want a Nike fuelband but you're not really sure why?? There's gotta be some subliminal marketing being done.
Letters to juliet: LAME
Happy Easter to u too!
Done with examss!!!
People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. ~Author Unknown
SECO2010.com is now up and running! Check out the website to see preliminary event information.
- Thank you! =) Enjoy the game and don't forget, we're giving away Yankee tix and apparel on our FB: www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
The wildest thing about Tel Aviv is how many cats there are. They are everywhere - trees, roofs, through the markets, etc. It's hilarious!
No-bid contracts? MT : Gov. Scott: "Thanks to him, we implemented many positive changes to the way Florida does business."
Ugh....ok ok... Ill admit it... U pick da fine time:-) #secrettweet;-)
#BandsILove - Journey, AC/DC, Fleetwood Mac, The Eagles, Aerosmith, The Beatles <3
“: #MentionTo your friend who still listens to Jonas Brothers.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Someone nbox me!!:)
Really looking forward to This weekend!
Newcastle losing, so it's okay for arsenal, wouldn't mind hospur losing though
Steeler game anouncer Randy Cosgrove resigned. Who should be the next Heinz Field game anouncer voice ?? ?
Sometimes it is just the proper application of fire to ass in order to get what you desire.
thanks for stopping in!
I can't believe I didn't bring weed for or D:
I feel sorry for the 8th graders who are flying to DC. I mean sure flying is convenient, but let's be real, the bus was the best part!
Trust pretty fucked up !
CN: we've been in survival mode my whole career. We've been losing on defense. It can start with just a few people.
im extremly exited cause i love watxhing u act it gives me inspiration as well as te other cast members!
...geeking out on the special features. So good.
Why. Why do boys make the duckface in their pictures? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> its bad enough that girls do it.
Experience and maturity will come with time
Mr. Tambourine Man!!!!
Nice to see your coverage of racial sensitivity re: DeNiro extends to the Trayvon Martin case as well. Oh wait...
not a great song choice there's no melody and Joshua is just adding lots of melisma
plus I never seen u with kicks on anyway.
I already miss you, but you are where you need to be..
Opening day at Wrigley is always full of hope! :)
Damn she pulled my neck all the way back. Got my nose hurting.
hey nothin much just got off work n now spendin time with my family. I will try n see if it works. Ty hon.
if its enough to warrant even the slightest rain delay thou its over i think.
How did I end up in a session about designing *cool* fast food t shirts? Next!
I'm from the guernsey shore.
Quick rules: Questions for today’s chat go Q1, so respond to each question “A1" & don’t forget to add #indieview to each comment!
Spin class with Linny just kicked my butt. Her class is always the best though :)
will do Mike!! Pm me the e-mail!!!
We have jacuzzi suites avaialable and Romance Packages for the upcoming weekend.
your answers make me lol ie gpa and 1st job in 140 characters. see you on #Today tmrw !
Beverly Hills is where we are going to be.
well they betta let back in bro
thanks for telling the story. I really appreciate it. thanks for letting me know.
I have about 70 cappers posted so far today with FB into the weekend with a small consensus on the dog in tonights ESPN game
Vanilla cream Dr Pepper.
I hate school I mean seriously I only come here to see my friends! If it was up to me I'd only come like 3 days a week haha
Ahh, Finally home!! Can't wait to open presents Christmas morning... Wait! What am I talking about... It's not even Christmas Eve.):
can't find a single connection between #AtlantaNewYork but hello from Atlanta.
Wait- what happened with iCarly??
doing some crazy tumbling tonight and working on the balance beam. It's been 6 years since I've done a front flip on the beam!
“: You ain't shit if you didn't have AOL when they were by the minute!!!” he'll yeah they u to bombard ya mailbox with dem cds
Be glad you missed #1940census yesterday. It was not working well for the genealogy community. Sounds better today.
- Congrats on the nice profile in the RBJ this week. Great to hear about good stuff happening in
only 3 more days of French. and I'm done(:
they shouldn't leave their houses wide open like that hahahaha
Building sets today. Holy smoly! Lots to do, but my friend Jim who worked on Lost is going to help on Monday. Yes!
seriously wtf is wrong with people i swear they get off on making fun of others
Mitsubishi eclipse(:
cant wait to see
Remember kids: "U shudent put ur number on twiter"
thanks for the follow - love to hear more about your services for
Yay!!! RT : You guys, one week until Mad Men.
All right, and I are watching the Lakers game so no spoiling HIMYM for me!
self-employed...three times over lol.
Thanks for recommending WeSeed to learn about the stock market! Did you know you can also post trades directly to Twitter?
I wish i had someone to talk to
Please vote for my organization in the Chase American Giving Awards competition! vote.globalkids.org
And so the Super Bowl commercials begin...
Thx to reader Pierre Menard for that last one!
RT": If it ain't #white...it ain't #Right"
hiya Diana...can you Pleeeeeeeeeeasssseeeeeeee give us some news on your album release date...OR, tell us WHY you can't give
Anyone get affected by the tornado??
Who's ready for the Hilltoppers tomorrow?!
Every Phil's Friends care package comes with spiritual, personal care, and soothing items to bring hope to those going through cancer.
7-Eleven If you love you some glazed donuts, you’ll love some glazed donut holes! Now on sale! why on Earth didn’t we think this earlier?
You're right; it's a big change in mission of fyc and assumptions about what is taught when. So the idea is radical & wise.
Do more talk less #weedropweerock!!!
Our #tribe was inspired by the #Movember movement. Check out our latest #blog post: builtforman.com
yeah and dont be sad ik how you feel. now its time to hit up the good old malls lol
Don't miss your chance to win! Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to Tweet about us wins the "Red Neck Care Package"!!
#qrcodes are everywhere this #holiday #season! they have increase in awareness by 3000% from 2010, wait to see how we use them
let's do a shot of cabo wabo and wrestle!.
great session on retaining talent from and at
Brain swelling virus?!?!
See what Adam Jones does this year. Then if you want to sign him, sign him. If not, trade him. What's the issue?
it's all about them giants!
lol we miss your sarcasm and your funny random remarks!
Nice presentation and on building your personal brand- favorite quote: "content is queen...consistency is king"
I liked what I saw against the #knicks, he has definitely been hot
you and me both, you and me both :/
Hope all is well and look forward to our next spirited debate! We miss having you in studio but hope youre enjoying the road
Straight out the fryin pan right into the Pilot's Flame, think I might try again, maybe cuz I like the Pain
Congratulation to 's very own on his new bundle of joy! We all wish you and your family the very best!
Well, don't tell US. Tell HER!
Get the bill passed now or resign!!
I'll bring the spray paint and helmets. RT : You make a good point.
My rock band, is playing in New York, Friday, April 6. We are releasing our first CD!
good stuff - ya we were at SXSW it was unreal! great people and great fun -actually still hangin out for the music portion
That's so true and wanna put they nasty finger in ur mouth #negativeRT : i just wanna f.ck don't kiss me.
I would love to hit up the ridge if I didn't have class
Time to start a revolution!! www.allgreenoilrefiner.com
I nominate Torres as man of the match! Lol
didn't see any fireworks, but movies on Carl's 60 or 70 something inch HD are AWESOME!
Casey Anthony is sentenced to 4 years and $4,000 in fines. WOW, what do you guys think?
Thank you!
I just hope Dani isn't lying to Jordan! The targets should be Brenchel anyway, takes out a HUGE threat and still leaves one in the game too!
oh - How trendy lookin! :)
muslim beliefs
Dear girl in #MMUG with your full belly showing. This is not your house have some decency.
WHAT?! You me E apt shop, we back Tues. aight x
Wow, Donald! That's Why You Didn't Text Me Yesterday You Were Being Nasty.
That boy with glasses? He has feelings. That girl with acne? She has feelings. Feelings are fragile and its not "cool" to bully &; hurt them
Instagram is "interesting" but $1B worth of interesting?
Come on Brew crew. I want to go to bed dammit.
It's getting a little cloudier here in Kenosha, but so far no storms! I'm here talking about Rep Paul Ryan. Should he run for VP?
off topic but nice septum :)
:) RT : So cool to drive home late after epic good news day & see purple billboards on Biz80. Thx
goodgood. And I'm fine :) missed me? Hahaa
We have no plans of selling it. Your memories are safe with us!
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria - and warned the country's president to stop.
Omg yay ! jessica
I'm starting to realize that every thing pretty aint good for me. Cuz I B High. Where the pretty girls at?
I know! lol
That boy bones socked ole boy up!!
that would be great!
i like where my life is going.. the people i'm hanging out with now are making me better
would you like to explain what that has to do with me?
follow back please
You were right about Galen Rupp...he did go to Central Catholic HS. Joe was mistaken. :)
Serious??!! Live game every time!! (TiVo Sunday)
Many leaving on a march now
I work for CommVault now.
and on new follower day, too! sorry new guys! #ugly,
Yea but I'm 2 legit 2 quit so I keep trying Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
a local group they were pretty dope would have been better if the crowd wasn't so irritated but they held it
LOL. Not after last night. Elise committed Idol Suicide by singing Jimi Hendrix.
check out my NEW WORK section at WWW.RLIMAGING.COM more updates to come soon...
Nate dogg the best that ever did it!
5th Avenue? Wow
Things that rhyme with orange.
don't mind that pick at all. Happy trails Dixon!
Join me for this event: ASIS-NCC Annual Scholarship Night
Tomorrow's headline: Tebownian Sect claims date of rapture was miscalculated. Again.
Singer-songwriter Josh Ritter @ Politics & Prose Thursday (7pm) to sign copies of his book "Bright's Passage"
Thank you!
tf? Who throws a closed can away
There is a mysterious squeaking coming from our office ceiling....hopefully a baby alligator didn't get loose!!
Gen. Alexander's message to Cyber Command team: "Go faster."
Need a good ole Eugene trip
Hahaha xD it's that ghetto talk!
o freakin m g :-( im jealous
Mostly. Mostly for good.
Early line on Kentucky/Kansas? 6.5?
that 3 by garnett just made someone a lot of $$$ and/or made someone so angry right now
Colombelle Rouge: juicy fruits with a bit of bell pepper to it. Nice earthiness to it as well.
Happy Sunday Fans!
Today was amazing!!!! Period(:
oh wait yes
haha ! Amazing. Lol I can't believe you didn't know ..(: hah
Summer reading: Jack Kerouac's lost novel "The Sea is My Brother," actually written 7 yrs before Town and City; hints of "On the Road."
yea I knew wat u was talking about lol
Going to sign up for a account and see what this is all about. I love new #socialMedia Tools. Bad news it is only an app
we have been told by MTA that they are not allowed to assign drivers to runs - so if no one picks it, it does not get filled
yes! We'll text later this week ad work something out.
Its not so much what we don't know that gets us in trouble. It's what we know that isn't so!
Note to the city of LA: CUBE Cafe and Marketplace is now closed on Mondays. Sixteen orders later, our office PA learned the hard way.
Awe :( I hope you feel better soon
