Luck does not matter it's the decisions you make that make an impact in your future, return on luck
While I'm glad you're happy, I want no part of any Celtics happiness.
Stop by the career center this morning and chat with me!
If you don't like me, fuck you.
Good morning twitter folk! Have a blessed day!
Half Off Cupcakes and Treats at Fluffy Thoughts Cakes : - 610 have bought this Groupon...
follow back?(:
What up California?!
You can't tell from the log, but DEVIL'S DUE has a female protag, too. :)
Man of science/man of faith? Referencing Jack or referencing Jacob v smokey?
Today is a good day! Excluding today, I only have 9 days of class left. Awww yeaaahh
PRETWEET ALERT! Expecting news from soon. (or so Mark claims!)
So its NY, NJ, PHX, LA. Who would have seen that coming? I'm thinking NY vs LA, but I could change my mind
Wishing everyone a happy holiday season filled with joy, peace, love + FREEDOM.
Lets fucking GO clippers
WOW look at the results from South Carolina. Obama wins with the GOP in a mess.
I might need a crash spot tonight . & hide my phone from myself
Idc what anyone says, Lebron is overrated
glad of that...good luck!
Franklin Township agrees to restructure its debt to allow every child to be able to ride the bus w/o paying extra $.
Thats every night sis! RT its a music kind of night
where at?!
Just renewed my passport online! So excited to be cruising on the Fantasy before the inaugural cruise!
You are s bad!
awww emily hahhaa--U can Teach me!!!!!!----Its not boring?? waiting for a freakin fish to get caught ahahha ??
Workman seems to do this everytime he's at BC
S/O to my new follower she is
Like a pigeon on a sidewalk you will always lose your home. You may live off the crumbs of others, but beneath your feet you are your own.
Oh yes! The smell made me nauseous & preparing the good annoyed me.
Forget it. I take it back. Want to make this war? Bring it on
Rain and cold go away! I want to go to a pirates game!
UGK- The Game's Been Good To Me.
#Salute "love letter from Boston 2" record go hard - I had to write a joint to the record too
Am also into this festival. (April/May, I think). Are you going Julie?
"Feeling unappreciated?" That's terrible wording :/ I would immediately unsubscribe from that mailing list.
lol good point “: Dominos Pizza: "Dominos pizza is now made with real cheese." So what the hell was it made with before?”
Great to finally meet you this weekend. See you on the course again soon!
I know who she is why do I have to be her?
Apple Rock is the one-stop-shop for all your tradeshow needs – custom designs, displays, event management, promotional items and more!
I love boys
BROSKI IS YOU GONNA FOLLOW US OR NOT?! Please?!
Heading to the #GPPCMA Holiday Party Tonight at McGillan's and then Helium Comedy Club! See many of you at McGillan's tonight!
Hey Chicago wants to see the #somm How about a screening?
Thanks! It was great to talk with y'all as well. Looking forward to future convos.
NOT cool.
Super job on the #choke #defenses in class this morning everyone!
The NATO meetings will host the President of the United States, 40 to 70 Foreign Heads of State,
FORTRAN's arithmetic IF lives on, somewhat, in C's strcmp() and Perl's <-> and <=> operators. Does evil ever die?
How early is too early to be getting ready for the weekend?
Well I guess Nick J can jump higher than Horne but Horne was a bigger body and good defender Nick will get there #arizonawildcats justsaying
You're welcome (i won't tell the Twitter folk that you also stand on street corners)
American apparel
Same to you. Miss seeing you on Days.
Is going to be on the next #SlickLiving mixtape?
#SometimesYouHaveTo realize what the difference is between a great love and the right love...
Social Media For Consultants – 2nd Edition A few Social Media Tools products I can urge: Social Media For Consultants – 2nd
hey Mick!
We like the way you smell like babies and cupcakes ;)
I really want to go see you guise at Ocean City </3 but my mom wont let me go </3 asdfghjkl;. perfect opportunity is ruined. </3
i guess all you wanna do is hurt me right ? well F u c k Y o u . (:
Loves Oakland traffic.
I'm here on business lol
haha :) Vromans, tea party, shopping, & movie soon! with :D
the pointed tone is for your word usage
I love *my* #dachshund! (Chocolate and tan "mini", Kahlua.) I'd probably really, really love yours too.
Zimmerman is German 4carpenter; not Jewish, a false perception. Let's not replace 1untruth 4another
NAL: Content written by #federal #government employees is in public domain; "container" (publications) #copyright unclear.
Question - saw Howard TV U in elevator - clearly scared. My kids have autism - also fear elevators. What do you feel?
Daum this cute as lady working out oo. :) glad I'm 18 :)
#FF #Followback a few awesome guys from the panel
Currently watching Exte. Seriously, WTF. Even the mediocre dubbing doesn't tone down the freaky weirdness.
Lol you right. It's only a month tho bruh!
Remember when Oasis was anointed "The Next Beatles"? Ya, that didn't happen...
RT : If there was rapper named G-Spot, I bet he'd be impossible to find on iTunes.
Hello pretty lady. Kitty hugs for you! xoxoxo
Yes, it's definitely different. I can't go much beyond Santa Fe. Once in Red River I thought I was dying--seriously!
I just want a day to just chill at home. No work or class at all plz.
I'm gonna start tweeting more. I will probably lose facebook friends because of this. don't unfriend, just hide me from your timeline :)
Wade is my boy!
you have inspired me in soo many ways i love u cuz u changed my life!!! I am soo glad you came along<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Ever find Troy?
aw :( and why is that?
Maria sharapova does it ! Beats wozniacki. Confusion in the court with wrong call. Wozniacki is pissed, refuses handshake. ha ha
Hell. Yes.
whos viewing my twitcam right now? :D
Not gonna sit around anymore. If you want me in your life, show me you do. Don't leave me guessing.
while Madonna was calling for world peace RT : Mortars shelling in #Babaamr now. Another bloody night in #homs?
Today, I realized Ice Cube has never been in a Tyler Perry movie, then I was sad because this surprised me.
i can't even take her... she must have problems. omg.
Can't wait to watch the movie
also, he probably likes younger boys in tights.
More #ypo interest to meet in SFO for ad:tech on LinkedIn than twitter. Perhaps "Young" Presidents are older in their use of tech?
I really don't wanna go inside but I think I might go put on some shorts!!!
that shit is pretty good!
:) RT : Appreciate the RT on the BYOBL idea for #green meetings. Have a good one!
Great weekend :)
I'm not an expert on British customs, but I believe Dick Van Dyke leads a bunch of chimney sweeps down the street
Consumers, that means patients, deserve to have their complaints taken seriously. Here's some methods on how to do so.
We did! Things ain't the same
Shoot season 2 of Jessie; plus the Jessie movie & will work more on my new record <3 RT After ES you will...
19 to 22 heats winning and melo did score
I hope is ready when he find his Twitter account blown up with mentions cc:
This is welrd
Jump into the 12pm adult fitness class today!
Tonight is one of the reasons why I know I'll forever have/do/be
I love being in a super awesome smiley mood for no reason :) :)
z g'nite
Nice twist! Are you going to get them somewhere or make them?
Inspired to follow my incarnational business passions (recording production). Thanku
You know I would buy you!!!<3
Today! Pea Banger Omelet: Irish Sausage, English Peas, Hash Brown Potatoes, Caramelized Onion, Topped with Jameson Cheese Sauce.
I am wearing my t-shirt
Happiest Wednesday! :-))
not sure what is more impressive, 73 links, or the fact that you counted them ;) Thx for sharing.
Looking for Valentine's cards for your kid's class? You've found them! We have robots, dinosaurs, mermaids, and monkeys, in packs of 20!
the block is hot avoid this area!
i wich that happened
The City is Ours <333
Great day in San Diego at #causecon! Thank you for all the amazing information and sessions!
I can't wait til I see him today.
Austin is leaving behind all of the posters & fanmail :c
Good Morning Twitter Fam!!! Time to get the day started.
All the resources we need are in the mind. -Theodore Roosevelt
The one downside to self employment is the lack of a Thanksgiving potluck. I need pies! A cornucopia of pies.
Why thank you, #Pandora, I absolutely adore 's version of "Can't Help Falling in Love."
NOTE TO RADIO DJ's: When taking a "Request" call....PLAY THE LISTENERS SONG RIGHT AFTER! Stoopid.
Anybody using an external keyboard with their iPad? Any advice or recommendations?
thank you:)
Ha...I hear you. Or at least they will be better.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont when people talk trash about others. When people bully others.
Shipping modules for all the major shopping carts- On sale this week!
Memo to the Orioles .... the Pittsburgh Pirates are in FIRST PLACE .....
interesting... Thanks for posting!
That bus runs a little early.. Be 5 minutes early to stop...
your funny ! Lol . How's Maria?!
hey Brian I really hope I get to perform at one of your venues that would be amazing!
Can't wait to see the pretty dresses at the #goldenglobes :)
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 4
FUNKY TOWN! Have a good show out there!
Is this how your Anole/Nightcrawler story went?
too long
OMG did I just win free cupcakes! Today is the best day ever!!!!!
Definitely not leaving building today for food... Looks like I'll be having birthday cake for lunch!
Ah shoot! Only 8 followers away from 1,000! Help us out and RT this if you have a sec ;)
My gardener is my uncle's wife's brother loll
Ready for a haircut.
Thanks for info -- heard more upscale cuisine and breakfast so far. Sounds promising.
look up angel by your side by franchesca battestelli!(((:
no surprise all my mid-career friends are discussing the emptiness they feel from not "making"
Another ellasport capris fan! Just got a GREAT email from :) Can't wait to see the Bar Method pics!
Donated a truck bed of food today to one of our local food banks just in time for Thanksgiving.
I have The Heat in 6 or 7 but you know as a Knicks fan im hoping for an upset lol
thanks alot! much appreciated
call me heartbreak drake , im the hardest one to tame
Holy crap! I may have my 2:15 meeting only an hour and a half late today!
LET'S GET"READY TO RUMBLE" In this corner wearing blue (law dog) vs In this corner wearing red (radio disc jockey)
WE ARE DEBUTING OUR BAND FOR THE FRIRST TIME AT SANGRIA LUXE LOUNGE IN GLENDALE THIS THURSDAY 930PM-2AM...59TH AVE AND UTOPIA
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life
the hand of Claire Breay?
Dunks Run
Product idea: automatic towel dispenser that only works if you use Vulcan hand signal.
If U WHINE enough!! RT : Geez! I had 4:15 on top of that...I ain't getting' no massage!??
L.A.'s legendary HMS Bounty can now be counted amongst the members of The Block Card now ..... Welcome aboard, maties!
lmaooo we have matching pimples pero i dont wanna upload the one im in hahahahaha
Boarding and this lady sat in my seat and I had to explain three times why it was my seat...wow
#youknowwhatIhatethemost a phat chick w/ a mouf full of baby teeth.....(bitch how old is u "dis-a-many?")
The British are coming! The RI Riveters take on London Brawling on April 18 at the RICC. We're so excited! (details forthcoming)
what bro?
GRCH website updated. Check our our "Events" page for new info! www.girlsrockhouston.org
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. -
I know, I know, I've been slacking on Frugal Finds lately...will get to it tonight, promise!
IT IS WHAT IT IS!!! The sooner we come to terms with that the better off we will be.
Doesn't it always seem to be that way! :(
Present fears are less than horrible imaginings. - William Shakespeare
Shower flow , then the gym
.. so u don't continue 2 set yourself up 4 letdowns. there is nothing real or healthy about going through and/or solving the same problems!
Vote goes to RT : Hi #NYC! Happy Friday. Who should we follow?
playing with yourself is considered a workout these days?
won the lax game!
That's what I been tellin u to do... Did u have to change the data plan??
Thrilled to have you on the site, Taylor!
you should have sexy zombie playboy bunnies in the magazine. guarantee it would be your best selling issue this year!
lmao true. N he been out most of the time he says he been out sick but I think he been out seeing yur ass (((; lmao
Men in Black Swan
fabric store for some samples
I have the best friends ever
I vaguely remember the last time the #Pats traded up in a draft.. hope it works out better this time around
Just because there's a goalie, don't mean you can't score ;)
So... Pretty amazing sky right now in
I have friends who live on Photo Alteration-type websites, making themselves and their family look strange. Don't feel bad ;)
Whatever, Mr. “Lives in Glass Darkly Land”.
I want you to buy a MASSIVE suv and just drive the fuck out of it. Fossil fuels? Fuck 'em. That's the LA WAY.
Thankyou god for letting me wake up another beautiful morning
I'm made.
Brainstorming on our #Globetrottingfreedomquest! Can't wait to start our journey around the world.
Ok... It's late so gotta get to bed. After I check a few more emails and my FB wall.........
thanks:) its my southern hill billy accent
Daily calcium & magnesium supplementation can be useful in lowering blood pressure as well as increasing bone density. Make sure it has D3!
she probably the best:). Sounds like you're both totally lucky! Behind every good guy is a far better woman they say.
thanks! I followed you back :)
The movers are here!
Bob davidson always has to make a scene. What an ass.
Truth Be Told You Niggas Never Told The Truth
What would on earth would we need a Saxophonist for?! :-P
Don't say you can't trust nobody. It's clear you don't know how to pick your friends.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she is the one.
Every time someone hits reply all and accidentally emails the whole company, a puppy dies. #really?
#Arctichome You just gonna stare at me or Give me that Coca cola...
he might be sick. Chaulmers is really stepping up his game 2night. They might know something.
did you make my bed?! Omg you're such an angel
Truly appreciate all who contributed to tonight's event. I am overwhelmed with pure greatness. Thank you!
anyone know spanish lol?
chunk of change > manners.
omg we have one by my house!! So good!!
So, I'm in Florida now and it should be about 80 degrees tomorrow.
Good plan:-)
Thank goodness. Means I have more flexibility to deal with this Planter's wart.
Dear professor, your book is 3.5 years overdue. Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” -Robert Collier
Plate is full with #vo projects & approaching deadline. More auditions scripts keep streaming in my inbox. Much 2 do w/li'l time 2 do it in
Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Is there any other way? “: Great end of 1st quarter interview by Stan Van Gundy. Telling it how he sees it.”
Group paper until 2:45 AM. Super unfortunate situation the night before an interview.
Rajon Rondo waited outside the bus after Game 2, shook every teammate's hand and said, "Thank you," according to Doc Rivers on
your calorie count far exceeded 10,000 today
found you through the Facebook page...SMART!
lol well i am too whenever i go
She blew me away with this!!!
#Rubbernecking, if anything, so worth it.
- if the Heat play to their potential no one can beat them. They need the support players to do well - Miller, Battier, etc.
yeah. Well, the exhibit's not going anywhere anytime soon, so you'll see it one way or another!
I'll be on KUSI for two segments tomorrow morning starting at 7:40 a.m., tune in!
I dont want to forget you, i have no problem being friends, but remembering what we were is KILLING me......
plzz follow me i love u!!
Learn how to use inbound Internet marketing techniques to generate more inbound leads
yeah, they are! This is gonna be an interesting season for sure!
When I create, I love to embrace the flaws and make them part of the process.
Sigh... Shelving in Juvenile Non-Fiction may be my own personal hell....
hahaha :D and you don't have to die reading (x
y'all going to get dogged
When you find out, let me know. They never stop!
you the S#$% and I love you, you badass!!!!
All these standing ovations make me feel like I'm at the State of the Union
Thanks for the work you do to serve this nation's artists and arts organizations! From everyone !
planning a hunt for jan 21st overnight by silverstar mtn any tips?
Creativity is an iterative process.
it's a whole lot of fun
you know we will! We will have our cd too!
My thighs are on fire!!!!!!!! I love running.
GOING TO "I LOVE YOU MAN" WITH Q AND BLAIR. AIN'T NO LUCK IN BOAT RACES
creating a "life book" for a client 22" x 28" with a matching clam shell box. A gift for his new bride. sweet!
You ever look at a man u loved with all your being and now can't even decide if u even like him now?
hope you are well- wondering if you could follow back my biz account- -tnx-eb
!! I am missing you girl :c We haven't talk in tumblr for years D: :P
thanks James. :)
bring one to Anaheim & exchange it for free beer with me? ;)
Nothing better than a White girl that can shake her ass
awesome! Will do :)
Trust Your Sensei: "The Thing" remake could be the perfect New Monster Film for this Halloween Season.
Good Morning Colorado! We would like to donate 30 ppm copiers to non-profits in Denver. Please contact Kim for details 303-778-0600
HA! > “: Buddy Nix on WGR about picks in 4 thru 7: "Like the woman with the ugly baby - you love them 'cause they're yours."”
Love the new pic! Sorry if i was harsh the other day.
haha! See you on Sunday!
I seem to have that bug that's going around. Maybe THIS is how that war on marriage I've been hearing so much about begins.
I'll have that story tomorrow in Geo.
Hello there. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks Dr. Spanish
Hahaha I see a couple snitch niggas in my tl
I know that. lol. I hate it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Go forward & don't look back.
Vegas is god? RT : Only God can judge me.
why does my dog have to eat everything
we Idahoans obviously have money to burn, so long as it makes a (conservative) political statement
Frank Sileo, a fantastic & accomplished author! His 4th book to be pubished by Magination Press, the children's division of the APA...
Bombay Bar & Grill on 21st @ Capitol, Sacramento.
tumble dry ur life away
Does anybody else see those pimps at the okc game ?
Weren't they silver in the story? I remember reading this back in AP US History in high school.
thank you... i sent you a direct message
I'm going back to sleep !
SO HAPPY GOT AN A ON MY ESSAY! Raining A's today!
holy crap! How many people were you feeding?
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not
We fear what we don't understand
At the IFC for and Had to move to a bigger theatre!
well, i was serious, you just didn't text me
Q1 Yes.View library's strategic plan, see if interviewee has published/presented in your field of interest.
yo ill be in Denver tomorrow! Where the parties at?
Shout out to for supporting #Office365 for Dummies! You rock!
RGIII? He'll do his thing for sure! RT : I hope he does better than Andrew Luck
A thousand thanks for tweeting about us!
Singing Preachers know how to start a
National champs!
and their self-important books probably would cost students 100 bucks a pop
Wats good then Z-BO!!
awe thanks. :-) sorry for the late reply... how did you like it?
Log On : www.discountdw.com . Get 10% OFF using coupon code : DEAL3950 on purchase of doors , windows or hardware
damn b! Lol
can't sleep way too excited to be meeting TONIGHT holy shit! its 5am i need sleep
your show tonight was great I cried at the end
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3©
I would move it because why support a state that is liberal on some issues and red on others I vote move
True compassion puts love into action.
LOL RT : Making my famous 7-layer dip today. FYI it's not famous cuz it's good, it's famous cuz it made a sex tape with Ray J.
My uncle drove around the yard in his truck and drove into a tree
my pov video of superman at six flags has 27,000 views on YouTube omg
Yes. DEFINES "drop-dead gorgeous." That photo is just perfection. He is a man I might have wasted my life over in that era.
well I'm mother marbles & I think she's hysterical also a magical cupcake rainbow unicorn
it's bothering the fudge out of me!!
RT RT : Double Door Green Room
In Clifton for the day <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5><U+26A0>
I had neighbors like that. I went and sat in the hall with a beer and bag of chips and watched. They got the hint.
#MyBestFriendsOf2011 Are the ones who where there for me 100% u no who u are
States states states
Thats awesome! Very much appreciated
lol she had blond hair too haha... Excuse me sorry but yeah I never worked on a blond be for but like damn Lil homie
RT "If you want to be powerful you have to start by thinking great thoughts, saying great words, and doing great things."
thanks so much! Glad you're enjoying it :)
Have encountered fallen-from-the-nest baby birds twice today. What is this an omen of?
only cuz you wouldn't start the timer over for me!!! I'm pretty sure I would have one if it weren't for that little incident:)
you seem to have the hang of it...
Nothing like using Bacon grease on pan-fried potatoes & onions!
Hi! Up early and on the radio this morning! I'm pretty sure that beats Black Friday shopping!
Our generation can end extreme #poverty around the globe..
How to freak people out: 1. empty out a Windex bottle and clean it. 2. fill it with blue Gatorade. 3. spray it in your mouth in public
I'm cheering for Miss California.
I'm seeing Defense Against the Dark Arts: ESAPI at SXSW 2012.
Tobias Fünke has applied at Penn State.
Yes, we created fertile ground where disgruntled "dissidents" would rise up to defend civil liberties, justice.
you know we partyin
GoodMorning <3 . Have a good day ! :D
Tonight we're getting chicken from KFC so my youngest can wear the bucket on his head for Halloween.
yesir did sign. He's back.
thanks. Yeah - its a cool little tour. Makes me hungry every time I go on it.
You can't repay a miracle... & I am no good on the front line if I'm sleeping on my sword... Continued next tweet
“: naw we need them to win.. Double F the Giants”u jus took it to far the jets aight but giants u gone learn
When u have to pee but don't feel like getting up<<<
you are seriously a God!!!!
I am going to have to start acting out scenes again! He pulled off another epic drunk scene. Go turn it on Bri!
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the tornadoes today in Texas.
oh that makes sense, haha. well imma sleep, nighty
I hear you. Obscene. Now if that money was going to his DAD for a new movie...
Blog Writing is happening! Let me know what you need! Custom Property descriptions and more!
Home Games online. www.pokerstars.com Home Games tab Click 'Join a Poker Club' button Club ID 212272 Code: domains2011
Just got super pumped for the game Saturday.
Onions can boost your immune system, but kill your relationships.
Oh my goodness! I cannot wait to come and enjoy Chef Menesana wonder food and sip some cocktails... have a patio?
The fliest shirts I have done yet and the C.A won't let me post pics...truthfully, I prefer my Paypal growing over posting pics :)
I'll fix it! I'm sorry :( lol
fresh to death?
Thanks! Soon
Low key for real my nig
TY! RT : RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Heard is going with different broadcast crew for #TNF Great and much needed move, looking forward to it even more now
Nothing like a late medicine run..
Yeah but we clean up real nice.
BAHAHAHAHAHHAA True, true!! Better wrapp your presents before you put it in someone gift box!! ;)
Excited to hear you on "Greening Your Restaurant Plan"
In the circle of successful living, prayer is the hub that holds the wheel together. - Mark Batterson "The Circle Maker"
played goalie in HS but I can also play d. You?
Ah crap its happening again I'm in need of a cupcake!!!!!!
We are on break! Don't be late!
99.52 - 99.16....Santonio Holmes vs. Jets DEF. Should I wait for the heart attack or just jump off a bridge now?
Looking forward to an exciting wk.: 3 days of wrkshps. 3 org. teams & coaching individual clients as well. Need synergy
CO Senate debating SB46, bill to ease school zero tolerance discipline policies.
Write this commercial... Then I have to find something for this internship fair tomorrow..
"For every book title I find both italicized and in quotation marks, I shall kill you."
new world stages in NYC. :)
Spent the rest of yesterday afternoon making QR codes and trying to locate some drug stats.
It's a career year so far, but he has broken .500 SLG twice in his career, so ... but yah RT : Adam LaRoche is slugging .595.
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes, and hear all the great testimonies!! (347) 855-8377
My wife is so excited about seeing #hungergames tonite she might explode! #priorities?
is definitely my favorite actress under 20 at the moment. such sass! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
C'mon Cowboys, don't lose it now!! C'mon DEFENSE!!
G'day mate! It's Australia Day and we're excited for the Australia Ambassador Kim Beazley to the US to visit the today!
America's oldest teenager passed away today. RIP Dick Clark.
It's going to be fucked up if I'm late, because I woke up hella early!
Henry Ward Beecher~ Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
Watching Mr.3000, sighting!!
I hope you know, the phone works both ways....
I am so pumped!!!
I move in about 2 1/2 weeks ... wow.
Isn't the "HEY! You suck" a Nashville thing?
Come on out to Jazz/Funk class tonight at 8pm. You'll be glad you came.
GREAT JOB!!!!! I am so proud to be a Cardinal Fan!!!
It's been a freakin horrible day.
Thanks for joining us and our wonderful guest tonight!
I'm an inter-reactor. I'm reacting to your post and need the BeautifyMe. Thanks
Playing release around NevilleWood with my gurrlss
Fun competition! Next you need to have a comp. for all the fans back in SA!! Good luck tomorrow! <U+270C>
When every life’s moment / Was a bitter romance / That was back then / When I used to dance…
It's time to get your new Spring color! highlights $65, color $55. Call 702-823-4800
yes. Like right now.
Husband: "Want a quickie?" Wife: "As opposed to what?"
I love the Cape! Great, now I'm daydreaming of my summer vacation.
Pirates are now 13-5 in their last 18 home fireworks games as discussed on the TribLIVE Radio Pirates Pre-Game Show today.
Yessir #missinglink and #everythingmustchange need to be dropped. They are getting old ovahea
ha RT: Treating your new handbag like its your first born.
Dreaming about making films without regards to budget or what anyone else thinks-Liberating- need to manifest (soon)
Happy Mother's Day. you're pretty cool mom. love you <3
enjoyed your post! Resonated w/ me -> "It's your ability 2 generate meaningful relationships & community." #WorkIt ;)
I WANNA SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE. hang with kt son?,me you her sleepover movie night? (:
that's why I always carry a flamethrower!
Cars really need to learn to drive themselves
And it is entirely too humid outside right now. My hair is going to be a hot mess tonight.
wrapping up a great two days at #4C12. Aside from the awesomely fun Bedford party, a few other highlights were... [+]
I just heard a girl in my class say this to her friend, rhyme " throw up your food and you'll look good nude." not good, not good at all
lol no she's
“: Jean jackets are such a staple right now!"
He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of.
Hunter Myers listed scholarship offers from Nevada, U.C. Davis and Idaho.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut
Wow!!!! Simply ROCKIN' dress and overall style, Diane...kudos, Julian! ;)
: #Sagittarius tend to be the best people around.
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "We are not promise tomorrow, so make today a great day"
where are you now??? like your here already?!
yeah I though I remembered that too! Lol
Everybody's waiting, everybody's watching, even when your sleeping, keep your eyes open.
I've been digging these partial leg warmer things that make it look like you have knee socks on with boots.
I feel like I'm stuck in an academic "groundhog day"
HOW TO OUTLIVE YOUR LIVER BY:
Girls in Family Law Class in #lawschool always side with the woman. Don't argue, you know I'm right.
Nice! Heard of reelPROs? Friend really likes them - CD and agent workshops. Trying my first this Wed. Let you know what I think.
I need Thee Oh I need thee...
Phantom of the Opera, here I come!
Former Cubs GM Jim Hendry named asst. to Yanks GM Cashman. Hendry to bring coffee & other goodies to the GM.
This juice im drinking hitting the spot.
Love your work, appreciate your focus. Blessings!
When was the last time the Sox won 4 in a row on the west coast
Where is the "what what what are you doing with your life" gif when you need it?!
well, at least I did when I used to write things :)
Keep your ears open for the new mixed CD from Xtamina Energy Drink any new hot joints you got keep me posted or send them to me...
Yaaaay! I hit 3,000 followers! Thanks to everyone<U+2665> And thanks to all my wonderful fans who keep tweeting me the sweetest things asdfghjkl;
who knows.
facilitating a session on advanced development and use of personas.
Italians call it 'Umbioco' its a great word for food coma.
If Steve Wynn wants his supervisor to make more money he should raise their salaries instead of taking money from the dealer's tips.
haha cool c:
Haha you're ultra gay, Thomas. -_-
-- Smart people use their creative minds to AVOID jury duty, my friend
Researching the Platonic Solids for logo work: Cube, D20, Surge Can, Beiberhedron, Sphere and Cowboy Hat.
I love you all
Well I personally don't care
So so sad about #whitneyhouston. She was one of the great voices of my generation along with michael jackson and prince. Rest in peace.
you should come to a game with me then :P
Thanks Nicole. We updated the loading screen -- we had the wrong file loaded and hadn't realized until you saved the day!
Pessimists have already begun to worry about what is going to replace automation
Obama was in LA and went to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles. In his best Harvard voice, he asked for the "Country-Boy Breakfast." That's funny.
HEY TRINA HOW IS IT GOIN ON THIS LOVELY FRIDAY
I may be 1st in line on NW 23rd tomorrow - love, love, love what they do...
if its lovin that you want ~~
I think a girl looks best when she's self confident, and smiles plenty. Makes her different from the rest of them out there.
Omni hotel #sxswi stop seems to be a miss. Third shuttle passes that is full.
Congrats Kirk Cousins best 3 years of being a Spartan fan
i'm going to beat you like a red headed step child.
Ideally, business copywriters will have core SEO knowledge and capabilities
“: if she forgot her fake ID #shestooyoungforyoubro” ya I stopped being forgetful at 20... Lolz
Bakersfield show was o much fun! So glad I got to meet you! :)
I always liked lightroom better, but I've heard good things about both
:( miss this!! have fun! RT : Tonight is the night!! Senior buddy reveal and wills - we don't want to see our seniors go!...
Kenyon Martin still in the NBA
We shouldn't have to live in the shadows of society :) RT Thanks for following! > Did I tell you I like corny jokes?!
A new nadir in your writing career: when you're writing your own fanfic, or writing your own 30 Second Bunny Theater?
If you like to have Fliers brought to you... let us know!
#Son RT : When some1 is able to see their worth & beauty.....others will start to acknowledge it as well.
Watching #MasterChef. I would love to eat some of these dishes that are prepared. Lots of #seafood in these shows. Yummy!
I just finished a 3.45 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Just did week 6, day 2 of #c25k with !
What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
Well hello
Can't wait! RT : Just came from a screening of THE AVENGERS. Predict it's going to hit very very big. Lots of fun here!
Tomorrow will be the biggest full moon of the year. Stay off the moors and stick to the roads.
Did you hear about the home from "Home Alone" is up for sale? $2.4 million near Chicago. For that price I'd want McCauley to be my butler
Ah gym kicked my ass!
The Fray is perfect.
OKC! Wow, what a game. Really like both teams in this series. But, might be OKC's year. Great crowd. Fantastic.
my plesh ms. i see you're practicing the one handed whistle there in your pic : )
have u checked out The new single #iaintnoquitter from ur fellow Texan?
You also have to check out the 4 gusty girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com & follow them on their journeys!! :)
LegalZoom is like learning martial arts through a video. You learn the basics, but you'll likely miss details needed to defend yourself.
im happy for you guys too!! which show are you going to?
*deletes tweet* lol
have a great show today! Love you guys!
try an app called yelp. congrats on yr success. keep it up...
#packers should pick another player on defense in round 2.
Any other #Heritage or #Archaeology folks attending #Unite? Finally a conference I'm really looking forwards to.
So much for the dignity of *people*
I had way to much sugar last night.
Your Moms dental bridge is the same width as my...
Is The Best Band Ever!!!!!
Thank you! RT not sure when updated their site, but it looks great!
Lol remembered my password.
RT Looking for passionate #UXers to join an #ignite talk on how to be a #UX Leader #UPA2012 vegas+motivate+UX=good times
The elliptical looked like a crime scene when he got done with it.
Q2. Dont take for granted ur health. If u see signs of something coming on. Dont ignore Think of u.
I'm done with you!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
will miss you on the airwaves, the amount of music I've discovered on your show is mindblowing, from Harumi to George McCrae
knowing he was a waste of my time isnt a shocker to me! but now i can finally sleep good at night knowing i did nothing wrong!
lool I know I love them! I'm just making a point that they have a tendency to make over dramatic songs
Shopping With Mommy <3
because I'm cooler than you.
I wouldn't be surprised if I wake up tomorrow with a bright pink scalp.
TOMORROW. July 20th. Station 4. Cya there. I Call Fives + Thieves and Villains + Every You + New Fable February + My Lady Four + Us!
Time to watch baseball dots. Pumped.
What a treat to see you ! And know that I figured you for a Madison PR professional...we want to keep our best and brightest!
follow me goodbye
I disagree--e-readers are better for travel, like on public transportation. It depends on use. I have both.
Heading to the Cape so I can be Boston bound. Does that make sense?
Going to bed knowing is in first place is a great feeling! #TeamDenison <3
I dislike fans who turn their backs on their team just because we didn't win once. Just because we tied doesn't mean we're shit forzajuve
oh man it turned out amazing. Glad I put a little sriracha in the sauce :)
U2 sound checks coming in loud and clear from my yard.
People on coke have a lot in common with people that I don't like.
": The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -Franklin D. Roosevelt #quote"
You can identify your #genetic #health risks and fight them with a change in #diet and
Maybe that is my problem, I need to end my vacation from Music and take my mind of all this other mess life throws at u lol
you were just saying what most of us were thinking. Pens don't look threatening at all.
That is bullshit! Every kiss does not began with Kay.
Hey New Mexico Republican campaign headquarters...
If you look for something bad, you'll find it
I'm doing fine also
learn to live && let live
STILL HOPING THE #KNICKS PULL WHAT THE RED SUX PULLED IN 04' I WONT GIVE UP YET!
There are a lot of reasons not to :) I found almost all of them.
I'm excited for the Duarte Gear tab! Looking forward to rockin' a Duarte shirt into a meeting.
Hey. Seagulls eat mice? Wow. Never knew that. Thought they were all about the seafood. New insights from middle America. Thanks.
#Dallas wants it more, game over
#backslider New Girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
well so far. not too much yet. but i'm going out partying tonight
I was there. Nice pieces. “: The art gallery show at 1111 Hollins St was awesome.”
JUSTICE FOR "O Head YOU STILL ON "IM On" FREESTYLE (OFFICIAL VIDEO)" on YouTube...
Anyone think I'd get good tips if I opened up a Kool-Aid stand in the ghetto?
Who recommended it, if I may ask?
Thanks for following me :) How are you girl??
JEALOUS JEALOUS JEALOUS haha have fun!! I'll miss you this week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
watching no country for old men
have a good week ladies!
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you: the one to slander you, and the other to bring the news to you.
Oh damn. Time change tonight.
Nag nag nag, blah blah blah..that's all I hear from you.
indy looks great tonight -- best super bowl destination? could be.
Yes...Mavs win!!
Any other youth sports #coaches out there?
Thanks. Morae is too spendy for my needs. I've used Captivate for screencasts (3-4 yrs ago) but not lately.
Sitting at lunch at Kyoto and Jim Henderson is at the table next to me.
It takes less than death to kill a man.
Feeling the impending loss of a friend who seems to be losing his battle with cancer...feeling at sea.
Finally my twitter app is working again(;
Love that song! Things are going well. How is Iowa?
May the 4th be with you
For one-off reports, a simple text or HTML page would work just fine. No need to over-engineer.
Proved once again: when rain soaked, can't get more wet from there. OK, Chi Town Half Marathon--see you next Sunday.
Was you happy when watching the End of an Era match. Was u satify by how it looked and how fans acted towards it?
Remember when left a queef stain on my bed? Dirty bitch alert
Shoot - we dropped cookies off at a shelter before we heard back from you. So sorry. :[
May 7 – May 14: Follow/RT to enter to win one (1) $25 Amazon gift card per day and one (1) iWOW-U device at the end of the week.
Dammit, I want a Mulligan!
crazy weekend
i agree celebs should do tweet for charity
do tell :)
They all going to bed its 9 a clock!!!
Kilts and sporrans everywhere.
You guys inspire me so much even though i'm only 12You guys prove to everyone that you could live your dream please follow me<U+2665>
New year and god keeps blessing...im so thankful...jesusiseverything.com
I HIT TWEET LIMIT FML.
S/o to for being my most recent follower!
kris I'm obsessed
*** interview/auditions for Fall 2012 Will be held: Friday, April 13th, and April 20th Noon-1:00pm RT
Great movie!
lol..fuck you...I spell it how I want..next time ima spell it O L I V I A
Insomnia like crazy...
Can I just say that it is way too freakin' warm outside for March 15?!
I agree, busy time of year indeed! Just got our pics done so I can be on top of it. When was your daughter's bday?
In a good way.
Conference calls all day, strategizing all night.
RIP Junior Seau
“: I wish Zumiez carried your shit <3 that'd be fucking awesome <3” hopefully one day!
MT : Is it bc I'm new? Do natives just accept 's awful service? Do they not know that other cities have good trans?
Stars are like the eyes looking down on me.
Tomorrow we'll be selling donuts and sunny D in the morning! Bring money!!
off to data center for backups before starting any real work
It wouldnt let me put the profile pic i want ): ohh well this will have to do for now.
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. -Christian Furchtegott Gellert
What's the over/under on the number of Dick Clark facelifts?
I'll never believe that statement, but I appreciate your clucking kind words.
Days like this I am honored to be a mom and for no particular reason...just because they are sitting next to me & are just perfect!
Bring soldiers home from Afghanistan and put them to work building our clean energy system. Its a win, win.
done. I have a free flight I can use any time.
Check this out! Fairy Godmothers Of Delaware spotlighted!
Happy to offer my 2 cents! Congrats again and enjoy the journey! Looking forward to reading about all you get into!
Inman Park Festival today! It is the coolest day I've ever seen at this festival! Come say hello!
I know I've already asked, but what kind?
Interesting if true
Is Blackberry/RIM out of commission in Miami? Can't send or receive.
TY for the follows:
I'm not nearly as hot as DaveGrohl.
There was always a line stuck in your head that was said in a way you wished you could've said But you both knew they were singin' it right
u sure u dnt mean cuz my phone dnt ring wit yo name on it
do your thing
bed time prep time? Thats a thing? I'm so screwed when that baby is born.
Presenting the veterans benefit finder!
Nothing to do tonight? Come down to Ryan Braun's and show support for the Fresh Coast Classic, starts at 6pm! See you there!
S/O ON THAT NEW MIXTAPE!
happy valentines day
Tell mum I bought some pink fizz at Costco yesterday.
Following 's mom because yolo.
YES!!! Once again......rescued by The Rassinators! :)
This week's #NYK Jeremy Lin hype reminds me of long ago 1st wk of #Blazers Billy Ray Bates career
I just want to cry.
It's "dog bites man" vs. "man bites dog". Which is more newsworthy?
Keep getting showing up in "Who to Follow" as promoted. Doesn't make sense.
$50 tourney with 300+ runners tonite. In need of some of that #goodjuju first place might pay my kids Christmas ;)
i'm from the US
Apparently not.
Sure I did! Mine is veebones. :)
As always if I've missed anyone out.. Feel free to go #FF yourselves ;)
girl im just now seeing this Tweet from Dec, LOL convinced me to get bk on here, im so behind
Steve's Asian voice lmfao
Oh I am so jealous RT : I just tried out 3 kayaks at the OutdoorProvision kayak test day. Lots if fun and very warm....
#1DAddSeattleTourDate It's only fair. We were part of the challenges in case you guys forgot.
hahahahhahahaha are you calling me a band whore?
Looking at shrek with the kid.
Who wants a giveaway?
Uh, yeah, all of the rest of the #Twitteratur info is in German, so good luck trying to figure that out. I'm not helping.
if you are having to get you headbands specially made. it might be time to just let hair go all around
SUPER HAPPY #HIMYMothersDay ! MY MOM IS LEGEN.. WAIT FOR IT... DARY! LEGENDARY!
I'm great, thanks! I've been editing like a madwoman. :-) How are you? Have you been watching Idol?
cool thx, just sent an email.
but either way im so excited for this weekend! i gotta cruz bro! see you saturday!
Happy Birthday from Alaska. It's only been for 18 minutes here!
getting ready for work :/
In my 5 sections of #LIB100 one student defined "abstract" terribly wrong. He writes, "an abstract is when something is mysterious"...oh no!
Cheers for the RT, much appreciated.
Grinding till I can put my mom in that Benz and get her the house I promised her since I was 10.
you are a special one.
My greatest work to date, "Dollar and a Dream," is available wherever Cds r sold online. Support the dream and get one today.
I was in high school and living in far southern MN when I discovered this shit. Now I'm 26. What happened to MNSpeak?
Video chatted with him al day(':
I have an all new respect for what my sister does for a living.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up?Because DEC 25 = OCT 31
HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!
omg the slurpee baja blast sounds insanely awesome
Making an appointment is key. I was just at Glendale and got my shit taken care of in about 15 minutes.
Stories drive change, use them! #smss12 >>LOVE stories! :) via
yup... The list goes on.
Here's to 5 years with my beautiful wife!
Ive bn supet b z but yet i feel great ;) loving my life!
The Power of Networking does a business GOOD! Thanx 4 today's invite & social media tips. I am looking 4ward to the next mtg.
I'd say we play somewheree in the range of 745- 930. Not sure yet.
Seeing Titanic in 3D was an excellent idea... mainly because of the scene where Leonardo DiCaprio is drawing Kate Winslet nude on the couch.
RT Glasses are my KISS make-up.
New York has lot of British people and it's pretty cool to talk to them like the ones I met on the ferry in new York yesterday were way cool
Just received a copy of Hamlet in Mongolian: Cyrillic alphabet!
The countdown is on, 8 days to go until we take off. Currently working on the new site and the first video of many.
I want you through everything.
IE never works for anything anymore. It sucks. lol. Try Chrome or Fire Fox.
Out here!! U gotta find me.
Ok, husband says we're just doing hitch. That's ok, it'll be more versatile for other transporting of objects, such as children, lol
. Ready for another installment of #SeinfeldDerbyHorseNames this year?
#richardcheese #summerfest why is this not a thing yet?
Thanks much! Keep watch here and we'll let you know when we launch.
Lmao girl I'm late -_- lol I hope I'm not late for actual practice
You're welcome Darrell! Happy Holidays!
I need to
Rick Santorum is out? I'm disappointed-- not because I support him, but because I don't.
Nice of you to say so. Big thanks.
Running iTunes on an iPad sucks!!!! They need to fix this booted crap
Mom = The woman who made sure you had everything you ever wanted... Dad = The guy who goes in and out of your life, then dies.
Fucking drill weekend. Shoot me.
I keep getting "Network Error" after I log in
This math homework<<
Breakfast this morning - - Do-Dah's Donuts in Jackson, TN
Just write about my Shiva statue! You sure seemed to be an expert on that last night!
like angry boirds. >:>
reading for pleasure is such a great way for a kid to dscover joy.
ole girl sayai life changes fast..hmm that can be true
is watching Step Brothers with :) talk to uss!
Thanks for the interview! You're awesome, and your contributions to the web community are much appreciated.
Out and about in this glorious city!
I ate there once because I had a coupon. Had to throw my clothes in the washer immediately afterwards! I call it Stinky Rice.
Thanks you too!
You are awesome too.
Dear water. I love you.
Yes. I was.
Interview in half an hour. I am as prepared as possible but the jitters are setting in.
There will be other focus group opporunities in the future
hey babes! Umm would you tell me in which country ya live in Asia? And at wha time can I talk to you? Please ;) LOVE YA
Book your #holiday party w/ us & let us do the planning. Call for more details today: (619) 224-1234
how i talked to you when you gave me a hug
We have all thought this at one time :)
whatever works best for you,
Spotted: The lovely at our location. Find her on the women's floor until 5 pm, and design your own necklace with her.
no prob! i'm excited to see more about the project! have fun!
LOVE this show!
All men were created to lead but we needed Somebody to lead us.
Its on
Your welcome.
Good morning people...tip of the day...register to Vote..if you haven't already!
#IFindThatAttractive independent. Got a job, car, goin to school, payin bills >>>
wow. Amazing. RT : 21 underclassmen went undrafted this year. 12 took marketing advances over 10k...
WHEN TAKING CHANCES U HAVE 2 BE ABLE TAKE LOSSES... CAUSE TAKING CHANCES IS THE ONLY WAY 2 WIN. ~TUNZ~
a 3.0 liter motor sounds relatively anemic when its displacement is converted to cubic inches :/
The only people I've hung with since moving to NY are the family of the oldest record store in NY. And the stories...#gravitationalpull <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
On sum Christopher Wallace shit 2day
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Research has shown that music reduces anxiety and depression. Go play some music!
YAHOO!! RT : Pleased to announce that as of today, we are officially funding abortion care in #NJ Thanks for your support!
If ever tweeted me... Just the thought of it makes me so happy<3
go blues
Excited to work with the DAO girls today!!
The point is that it's a "flip flop," not an "evolution."
my sisters graduation.
P.S. Antica Pizzeria on Victoria Avenue in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada has the World's Best Pizza (Wood Oven)!!! Try it!! :)
oh, no doubt. My wife & son are going to game tomorrow night w/ wife's work. I blew it off. He'd rather go more than I would
don't .... Me, you heard me little Frankie
sorry but still not good enough to go all the way. This was a breakout year and I don't think they will keep it up
But I do hope the second (& there will be a 2nd... Just don't leave right away when it's over) will be way more better.
Everyday is another day of bringing hope at the Phil's Friends office. Please pray for all of the cancer patients we serve.
Kryme in the booth
My new dining room table has swivel chairs!! We !!!
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words. All day, every day!
The last thing I won't to do is hurt you but its still on the list
Some of my lovely followers should tweet me(;
really looking forward to it, just hope he gets as much from it as possible
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
James and I are heading out to meet up with Kris... get some greasy taters.
Bruuhh I've had a two day hangover. I feel like shit and now I'm super sick. Wtfffff.
Dying. I am dying.
Ooh that is so much better!
Out with the fam.
one's in program, one's in teacher. like the year steven and I went.
Thanks for following
It's silly season.
thats awesome wheeler
Finally decided to purchase underwater camera! Yes!
Check out her entry 'T is for TOGA!' 26th.theabcsofdeath.com/t-is-for-toga/ Watch, Enjoy & Vote!
Absolutely perfect. That song literally just came on
Off for the weekend...
taking you DOWN tomorrow night!
itsSoberTime lol;) GREAT seeing you tonight bro! keep doing what you do!
"Here with analysis is Herman Cain.." WTF? How much analysis can a guy, who didn't even know about Libya, provide?!
Checking out the two best football teams in Nevada tonight: Gorman vs Palo. Sunset Regional Championship. Should be a good one.
We are checking out the snow flurry out the garage window. What wine should you be drinking right now?
Shocker your from Philly?
If you need some protips, let me know.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (gxmig)
no Remer does not do needs analysis or technical studies. There are several major moving parts to this to understand all costs.
My cat just sat on my head.
House full of 11 year olds. No drinking for us tonight :-(
Thank you all for coming out Sunday night! a great success the performers were so impressive. W/ the money we raised we got insured today!
it was great having you serve delicious wraps tonight!
Your momma don't dance and your daddy don't rocknroll.
you were always cool c:
Guess whose the new features editor for The Paisano?! ME of course!! Yay
spencer. shutup. & would it be close?
How are you spending your #FollowFriday today? I'm here for the last day of the Pet Industry Trade Show with PetLife Organic!
<U+E326>so when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two let my love take you higher<U+E022>
I believe it is
Hey Baton Rouge we have a show next Saturday! Who's coming???
you in NYC this week? If so, I have an invite for you!
Grizzlies got this!!
#NewMusicTuesday, who's on deck?
A book must be the ax for the frozen sea within us. Franz Kafka
I have a million questions but I should wait until I have more followers.
Tweeting from the car... What are people afraid of?
Come on guys!!! Let's least hit a thousand!!! Follow
Thank you!
Big plans in process! Stay tuned.
If it wasn't for the amazing static cling power of the Swiffer, I'd never get this Dashboard Confessionals song out of my head. #amibalding?
Of course not, ... Guitarists can count. : P
Everyone saying I would cry if I love the guy to but I wouldn't cry I'd have a heart attack! RT me?
seriously confused why traffic is at a dead stop at 330.. now I remember why I moved south
Me and talkin about 's letter we got today an she goes "stamp!" and hits herself in the leg really hard. Haha
#ImAStanBecause he took Yelawolf under his wing and look where he is now
Absolutely right. We weren't clear we got an exclusive look in U.S. Video was from a showing in Barcelona. Post updated with link
I just want people to mind their own damn business and let me do what ima do .
Nap before class
“: The human race can be divided into two groups: those who cherish Little Serow, and those who do not enjoy being alive.” heh heh
“My mama always used 2 tell me some friends R just strangers under the shade in due time best friends will become strangers it was written."
I'm not goin!!! Party!
Using data viz (social network graph) to raise qualitative questions about learning - Kiley Larson
it looks like your going to be quite tired for the next ten days!
yeah sup.
Word is essentially like a 1950's housewife. : Microsoft Word, how you gon squiggly redline the word "queerphobic?"
i guess shit happens.
The #FridayNightLights series finale is—like the series itself—pretty close to perfect. Why do so many other shows screw up final episodes?
I just rocked some awesome #Yoga!!
Great post on the top qualities of remarkable entrepreneurs, social enterpreneurs, BOPreneurs, .......
Go to the internet and narrow down the search criteria to San Diego.
RT : Overheard : Look, the yeti ate a guy...that's so cool!
So tired. Been up since 4:30am... One hour til we get home.
#Instagram: mysquanda . If you wanna look at the nail art #Instagram: nailnista_
Spotter reports a tornado 3 miles north of Sherburn in Martin County, MN.
youd be Sandy Cheeks
Hi Corina! It was great to meet you last night at NYCAP. Thanks for the information. I look forward to hearing from you.
ha, great, thank you!
Same here!! I need some stylish ideas from you!!
in Oklahoma City, is doing a gorgeous/yummy Harry Potter theme too! Check them out!
Twitter open-sources its MySQL tweaks: Microblogging site reveals some of the enhancements it's made to the database technology it us...
Good Swirly morning to you #NOLA!!
#BGC8 who is this girl at the reunion stage? Gia thinks she is just it! wit her electrical socket Rats nest! The audience is beaten ur ass
so true lindog
I LOVE 2011
I'm too busy watchin Lil Mama cry
Wow my sister is so fucking mature -_-
In green pastures You let me graze; to safe waters You lead me; - (Psalm 23:2)
Depends how kinky Mom is.
Only one team in the NBA
I'm not lol I'm the only heat that's representing I got their back
We had a great day today working in Sebring
you are up bright and early my friend. :) feel free to swing by with a skinny vanilla latte...
Gotta go to the police Station at like 915 to answer some questions..........
can I still pick you up or is it too late ?
any good music in Boulder tonight?...any boulder bands using twitter to promote themselves in CO?...to the world?
for real? Cuz it sucks here today, it's slow, everyone's coming in with returns...
Loved this! Thanks
Meg, Thank you for the retweet ! - Mark
TONIGHT! Join us for a heart-healthy Happy Hour in the Pearl! Complete our passport program & receive a Yelp swag bag!...
I can't sleep uuuuggghhh
: Long time no tweet for sure! Miss ya muchly! :)
hi there, are you booked for Thursday? I want to try and make it :)
My mom just asked me if the new york dodgers were playing in the superbowl tonite! Im so happy my mom is so super sport intelligent!
less than a week away - Temple London Spring 2010 applications due October 1st! email us at , you still have time!
tonight's "let them eat Sunday" is going to be epic
Let us know when you solidify a date and if we are here we can all meet up!
The bluffer had 78o and AKo (AK high) called the bluff. Ace high won
ramen noodles and instant mashed potatoes for lunch. doesn't get much more #college than that. unless you're eating nothing 4 lack of money.
If u have a bf and love him but other guys want u and in a way u want them and u don't know wut to do say ur not ready for commitment?
Accidentally referred to one of my coworkers as, "that kinky ass chick who gets it- gets it..yeah yeah" Needless to say that didnt fly. FMP
yep. Do you know him?
Today, Krav Maga is widely practiced by a number of people
getting thousands of tweets i'll be able to reply to few people and mostly my friends so all the other hate tweets no comment :p
What's for lunch #Cincinnati ??
Problem is, so is he.
Great pic! Have a blast!
Trolling, because I can't sleep.
I'm not trying to risk it
I don't feel like getting ready .
it would definitely make her single.
Wine Tasting 101: Palate cont: Wood notes, vanilla, toffee, coffee, chocolate. Earth notes. Rocks, minerals, chalk, slate, fertile soils,
omg i haven't been on in a while!
cute! Awkward with class! Just how I love it!
Woohooo!! Can't wait to have you!! Who else is ready for #UC2016 ?! RT : READY TO BE A BEARCAT2012
follow he absolutely loves you!
I just wanna make you dance...its my only goal in life.
thanks love! my creativity depends on staying busy.
Vampires Suck...so funny...Awesome<U+2665>
What if the Dodge brothers hadn't died young? (love this question)
. Congrats on being Livingston Awards finalist!! Well deserved!
Guess im heading to bed got to get up early to go see him <3 (:
Listening to a playlist of lame overproduced jingles with my bf *sings* BRECIA UNIVERSITY!
Please follow hes so close to 50k! Yayyy! :D
thank you :)
Seth Macfarlane knows me far too well.
Twitter changes lives
“I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well”
they only state the Typical i mean shid not even kobe was clutch when he first started so i mean Everybody matures
oh god your eyes are like 2 different ways
#BIN2011 has inspired me to revive my personal Twitter account...we'll see how long it lasts!
Lord Jesus! Please send a shower of rain down today!
yeah I'm doing the same colors.I can't wait for the yellow and oranges!! :)I'm not looking forward to shading the back of my arm
The only thing that's keeping me from crapping my pants right now is that I'm not wearing any.
Im out people of all races
Keep an eye out. Our Hank IV video drops TOMORROW!!
I hate white watches.
Dear followers, I've decided I want to teach a course on "epistolary rhetoric." If that's not a real thing yet, I just made it one. Love, CB
see! I'm in the majority with so many fixed speed camera tickets!
... Are you on water?
Sounds good! Work approved my time off, so it's just a matter of buying my ticket and shit. Fire and Ice..we moshin'
gonna miss my dude. Enjoy your days in htown fam.
Join us with 5/3 Bank Thurs, Friday, & Sat 12-2PM! Free Credit report and more...plus giveaways! Details on WAMO100 FB page!
"And remember, I am with you always, to the end of the age" Matt. 28:20
#Trueconfessions I've never left-a-penny.
thx for the follow advice ... now following all on the list
No one addresses the ugly elephant in the room! Does Mama Zolziak have an eating disorder? Her face is sunk in.
Every time I see Lee Taemin's face I cry, don't judge hammie.
You heard it here. "We have the flexibility to move together."
were going tuesday to the shelter #getready for a new tah and nononoo its my birthday we can't be in sad mood will remember at <U+2665>
I would be the perfect dinner guest - I bring wine to potlucks & know a great florist!
my hands are bleeding from all the drawing in the past 24 hours but i am heading for round twop
No, it's BS because everyone watches a movie about something that's been happening for years and now thinks they can stop it.
flyin home to Chicago !
re: SM- "If I can do it- I'm a federal bureaucrat!- then anyone can"
Happy Birthday!
#Niam and #Ziam are tied as of right now... That's cause everyone looks so damn cute with <3
Love you too girl <U+2764>
University professors won't do anything unless there's a grant involved.
Scotty we're coming for you!
But then you get to wear hoodies and beanies! <3
just added Boggs to my fantasy team, was that the right move #stlcards fans?
That bastard. Never fails lol RT : Jack Daniels you win again...you always do
i wouldn't mind if things were simple i really wouldn't
Now the world can see why the owners cried like little girls when they found out Kobe and CP3 were going to be on the same team.
WELL GUEST WHAT I JUST HAD LOBSTER DINNER LOL
Why do people use hand motions when talking on the phone?
Shout out to Hybrid.. He's about to take over the hip hop industry..
come party with us, and in Boston!
Such a good time!
Is anyone sick of Lady Gaga????
RAN a 5k this morning ! I thought and the guys at the stadium would appreciate that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Awesome, me too! ;-)
. Thanks, Jessica! Cannot wait to see you! Will keep you updated along my trip!
The voice of #ny in the building Angie Martinez
Now she want to drive
Glad I found you on twitter!
This Saturday is the Release of the new TROS music video for "When Doves Cry"!!
I have a Algebra test today wish me good luck (:
#yum #cheers #missyou a wheat grass shot here would def be
My favorite Emoji --> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE>
The Met offers people a journey through the website as well as the physical space.
Be kind today
Tonight is about to get real with
he's refusing to get in front of the ball like he's in 9th grade or something.
Thank you!
But there you go,you keep holding on to NOTHING
Such a cutie!
Join me today at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 1-5 and get my new audiobook "Dollar and a Dream: Succeed or Die Trying."
Here we go -- a second season of The Lying Game! Buckle up for a wild ride!
it is pretty cool - we use in to manage our transaction/email queues and it works like a charm
Dangling details from old digital projects will be the death of me.
Hop to the Bunny Train today !
In June! I'll keep you posted. Trying to work out a schnauzer-sitting gig in Washington Heights.
My new app for iPad/iPhone, Weather Genie, is free today only, just hit #10 in UK
H.O.D You
A couple more days and we out feel me?
how was Game of Shadows?
Dear Stewart Rahr: I saw your photo in Forbes and...you're orange. Maybe you could spend some of your 1.3B on a mirror. Or sunblock.
Looks like everyone enjoyed in the new episode of iNickelodeonShow! Thanks for the nice tweets!
"...yet I will wait quietly..." Habakkuk 3:16. I could definitely learn something from Habakkuk
watching the CSI with ..... pretty good so far!
The very same. RT : you mean Request Tracker?
Just woke up... Still red as a lobster..owwee!!
Thank you, all input and feedback is appreciated!
no prob! what, when and where are you still needing?
man if you dont answer me.!!!
I love that gown.
It's clear that the people are uniting behind their candidate. GOP, MSM elites need to accept the inevitability of the
your welcome. (:
Just shaved off the beard I'd been growing for the last two months. My face looks naked.
My point not about fluff but control of narrative. I find it interesting sex tapes are considered valuable when made public.
- Welcome Kyle! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Spelling bee with and :D
Thanks Felton!!! ugh. Horrible.
Aw shucks! thanks for your support and love.
so excited to see the Fall 2012 Carhartt for Kids line! It would have been more festive if there was snow on the ground...in time
Eavesdropping on a man who regrets not having sold all his possessions to become a roaming storyteller.
This is a great resource! Always need to be re-evaluating web presence... Thank you!
HOLI CELEBRATIONS IN USA..... woww good to see all Indian community at one place... :-))
Its ok, blame me!! lol Umm, not fair that twitter includes our names in how many
Head over to the Museum of the Moving image for the Jim Henson Muppets exhibit. It's just down the street.
¤ The great apparent dichotomy is that the more we give, the more we get...
Good night FBs and Tweets!!
i cant stand fake people
goodnight<3:D
U can do it!!
needs to make a book of just his tweets
Thanks for covering the Global Internet Speedup news!
Fundraiser Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre in Newark was a great success! Any ideas for our next fundraiser?
BROTHA ON DA RUN, WENT FROM BRAIDS TO A CEASAR, CUZ STREETS GAVE US BOTH A REALLY BAD DEMEANOR,
Nope, Blake Shelton, but I can see where you'd think Mariah lol
I'm working on patent drawings for clients today
Carter and Kessler
Love, you know, is a funny thing; But the funniest thing about it - Is you never can tell if it is love - Until you start to doubt it.
thanks! I was thinking of leaving the ADDIE model behinds as I'm not there :(
i havent been on twitter in forever..
I knew dat bitch was A
RT if you love !
Yeah it's totally sweet. and I are singing songs and playing jacks.
I want to celebrate Freddie Mercury's birthday, other than Freddie For a Day. I am formulating an idea...will share Monday.
I may just develop an app... mind is working overtime right now... But this may require a bit more research and time
#ImThatPersonWho make the best out of nothing
Night night!!
what other kind of mother is there?
Santa Cruz SPCA, Pet of the Week: Score some Brownie points
volunteers are always needed to walk dogs and help out around the shelter! If interested, stop in and fill out an application.
Hi! Hope you get this!
Just looked at my new followers and saw your butt () just followed me. #NotSureHowToFeel Hahaha.
RT “: If u let it, the stresses of life will defeat u, gather urself, pray hard and keep climbing <f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BB>”
RT : The heavier the eyelids, the sincerer the words. // <3
is hammered
Dont you remember you told me you loved me baby
Content is King and Engagement is Queen. - Mari Smith
You would think after Huffington Post getting a Pulitzer, I wouldn't have to keep proving that online outlets are worth peoples time.
Going on an Easter Egg hunt! Happy Easter
You can either travel or read, and either your body or soul must be on the way.
you're 13, you're not forever alone
and the pizza is actually tasty!
Lawl you're so ugly
Bring on the "JaMonkey." Paint it, come on, Paint it.
This game blows harder than Cutler
AYE MAN NEED MY RAY BANS
We need to make sure that teenage girls see a bright future!
be safe! “: Aftershocks. Back outside. Tsunami watch at 5 BTW. #chennai #earthquake”
The San Jose is great and all - but I'm dying to check out what they did with their St. Cecelia...www.hotelsaintcecelia.com !
Seriously... This doctor will hear it.. Havnt eaten in a day #COMEON!!!
aww cute :) happy for you :)
(The acting and final quality of the film itself can be very negatively impacted by incomplete dialect work.)
Desire a #nude special getaway $100 per night visit us
I'm so pumped up from the party that I can't sleep. Gonna be a long day at work tomorrow. LOL
BUT...you made it. That's what is key. You brought something new into the world
Just got off the phone with Ryan Smith, can't confirm anything but I hear that his "daughter" likes the SKC kits too!
Win GCs from Aloha Gas, , My Sister's Closet, and more on 9/11! Don’t forget - top prize is $500!
heard you
Today's been interesting, I've been Facebook Conferencing
me too.
Everything that irritates us about others gives us greater understanding about ourselves- Carl Jung
Zols likes Punch in the TEETH!!!!!!!!!! Trust me,i went to college with him...... Big Daddy
Hi! I went to Greece for 10 days. It was awesome! How are you?
From LA to San Diego... Here I come =)
I'm
New Emo Updates posted daily!!! & Have an Nice Day!!! Party It Up!!!
our call for speakers ended in January. We will be accepting proposals for our Fall show in June
Future study: how is feline identity constructed on Twitter? :) e.g. ;)
#ifidiedtommorow id smile for the first time with no negativity fronting the smile
Thank you for featuring 's rebuttal to the latest round of gspot coverage!
Hey Rob Thanks for the follow. Are you going to Houston later this week? MCN is sponsoring there so I will be there.
#dhtrial p atty stated outside that "it's only been a day and a half of actual deliberations" good point. Suck it up jurors. Think it out.
Last day of the year. Make it a good one. Happy NYE, everyone. Stay safe. Have fun.
YES MA'AM
where's the photo?
Watching "In the Heights".
Marty and Nick Jr. Go to America
I still shoot B&W film (though use my DSLR most often) and last summer I learned to develop and print it myself.
Thanks for the congrats and good wishes, Tom. FYI, I won another Koa Hammer (for an op-ed) wearing my hat.
A parrot cussed me out over the phone today, that's a first, how.bout people control their pets lol it was funny though I cant lie
Full retsard status
you got my number dude, ha. RT Drunk.
<U+200E>88.9's own Marcus Doucette is spinning at Highbury Milwaukee tonight! Free Show as always.
Today the bus was playing The dead kenedys!
Good idea!
That was awesome!!!!
Thank you for spreading the word! Hope to see you out Sunday night at Bar 721! :)
is refusing to get sick...
bout time you guys give the pacers some love!
More proof kids these days are dumb. RT High school kids have zero attachment to Field House.
we have been told by customers that this new herbal blend lasts from 3 to 5 days. Try your today, satisfaction guarantee.
Less than 60 degrees in work this morning
Thanks for the RT. :) I'm good. Trying to get another book edited. How are you?
When people say "be honest and tell the truth". What they really mean is "tell me what I want to hear"
this girl on stage is thicker than snicker
Rooms Thank you for following us!
I was sold out over jealousy!?! For real!! Come on thought i ment more
Trying to take over the world one day at a time.......
Chicken salad and chai pear juice from one of my favorite lung spots at the Public market!
There you have it. RT : East wins!! 4-1
Business meeting at the Node tonight 7:30pm
So proud of , your my HERO!!! Keep swinging for the fences.
Give, then get.
So...the boyfriend video. Yeah.....I WISH I WAS AS HOT AS THOSE CHICKS!!!
Speechless. When I have so much to say.
"oh good, I'm in the publishing industry too" :D
Just saw in concert! She was amazing! <3
i miss my love! tomorrow's the day thoee (: <3
we need to value mistakes
Merry Christmas to everyone!!
Doing the right things is better than being nice.
ewww this dick !
Official family birthday dinner was legit.. No gifts but the love in the room is enough
Not at all. We're an alliance of independent businesses that are committed to supporting our local economy.
hahaha I did. Lucky dude
hey, well i think that your freaaking hilarious. hahah and cutee. favorite this? (: please. lol
Great. more ways for people to not work but get paid.
Derrick Rose is overrated. His team had multiple chances to win a must-win. The MVP stunk it up even worse than Durant did.
You look good on a southern night...
ARTful weekend ahead! >> Bday Bash exhibition #cmumusic100 admitted students wknd!
oh I didn't know.
his red hair?
I feel the same way about him as a basketball player
Going to Carnaval rehearsal this morning with my son to check out the choreography to see if we want to dance in the parade this year.
Yes - can't wait. See you tomorrow!
Grabbing lunch at the food court.
With that HR Cano just hit it looks like he is starting to come back around
no doubt! Victory parties at Magic City (lol)!
Opposite. I'm higher on Miles than Dez, but Dez going higher in drafts and Little fairly valuable
Listening to Sarai practice for her talent show.
Hahahaha nick cannon twerkin on americas got talent
nope plastic thats why it's weird haha
I hate you, But I miss you.
OK. Never mind. RT : Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today! I missed #6 though. :-)
President Obama v. Mitt Romney: One man evolves as a human being, the other revolves.
I don't think anyone knows how much I love & fully support Cody! I love you & will be here till the end! <3
Think it's time to call it a night<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> See ya tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Proud to represent the Northern Indiana Province at Sigma Chi's Grand Council in June!
At least you got called for the correct position this time. What is the ratio? 1 out of 20?
why do you have to be so damn cute?
Hey Pope Benedict XIV the #DalaiLama came to San Diego now when are going to stop in???
There are birds chirping outside my window at 1 am........ Wtf
#naptownbuzz #Zombie #Walk in #Shelbyville 10/29 Saturday Porter Center to #Strand Theatre 'Dawn of the Dead'
Concord on a Summer Night by Dave Brubeck Quartet - the perfect speed for a morning in the house.
"it's gonna take grinding and passion." - Erik Spoelstra
Pick the ones that give you goosebumps and inspire you to write! :)
You showed me that a long time ago.
I believe that suffering is part of the narrative, and that nothing really good gets built when everything’s easy.
haha oh yea
Hello lovely!! I know, been crazy busy with school, then I come on here in hour(s) long increments lol how have u been?
Hi - would love to see your website, but the link is dead... bad url, maybe?
On my way to the #Atlanta Family History Expo!
I think one of my future pseudonyms will be "Ghost Dad"
On my way to the FL Distance Learning Consortium meeting @ FGCU...
If only time travel is possible, I will go back and play with Miles and John Coltrane.
It's life. no one is responsible.
that sucks ! We almost NEVER have homework at OPA .... WE ARE NOT A GREAK SCHOOL!! had to make that clear
Leigh Ann and Parker show up at my house when I don't invite them, but when I do, they don't show up.....
thanks for the support! the weather ended up being perfect.
iPod charged, sneakers on, I'm ready to start this walk! I'm happy to make a difference in someone's life!
oh and also, by art drawing do you mean a drawing show or gathering of art pieces?
A survey of 5k consumers rates brands on a scale from -100 to 100. 0 means equal + and - perceptions. The highest score is usually about 60
Your voice is Wisdom,Your voice is beautiful and complex,a miracle in the universe,a mistery to discover.Trust your voice, your infinity.
Hate the mile... I am done!
RT : we are a retro drive-in theater screening classic films! A 50's date-experience! We open in San...
Why is it that there's so many beautiful Asian women.. but every single Asian man is ugly as fuck??
Sick 4 4 days with flu. Not much else to do but listen to newest album and tweet. Ur totally right it rocks
The Word. Take it in; Think it out;Work it out;It is the Truth! "Behold, I will do a new thing." (Isa 43:19)
I hear you're doing a great job with your presentation.
My train conductor is stopping at all the stations... But not opening the doors!
no worries, thanks anyway! i think this theme may b my fav given that i want 2 tile pics 4 bkround, so i'll live w/ the title
I love teaching the title p. of this to my undergrads; it was hard not to just chat about that the whole time today
RT : You know your coffee is good when you'll drink it without creamer (which you normally use). Baba Budan from
the cool part is that with our 8 color printer, the colors really pop! Good logo for that!
Just spent a great day getting to know some of the Timberwolves people. Refreshing to see such passion in place.
God knows our heart...
IM IN THE STUDIO.....CANT WAIT TO WORK WITH U MY FRIEND!!! HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U TOO. CALL ME WHEN U GET A MIN
Hey Check out and submit your novel. They are a bunch of cool cats...
Good luck to everyone in the med school match tomorrow!
Ring out the old, ring in the new, Ring, happy bells, across the snow: The year is going, let him go; Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Mommy need to hurry up and fix the a/c
plz follow me. Montana I love u no Homo lol :)
Would anyone like to take my dogs on a long walk for me? They've been laying in bed with me for the last 3 days.
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun.
Exciting news: there are stirrings of a beautiful new sculpture garden in Lakeside
": YOU'RE sexy AND Talented!!" what a nice way to end my Twitter session for the night--thanks!
Pobrecita! Minnow heard me talking to the vet and hobbled into the study to plop down beside me.
I just need some breakfast in bed
Hell of a Trifecta to bet in the top three huh? & Cunix. Mad dogs! All of 'em!
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend about
Elan Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
Heading over to talk to Milwaukee's Mayor surrounding the latest violence at a Milwaukee area public school. -Todd Hicks TODAY'S TMJ4
Thoughts on GFI: overall it was fun, Google people were great, fun place to work, great tech - but a clunker of a workshop.
You bet I am here! Let's play ASAP!
UNDECIDED WHAT TO COOK FOR DINNER TONIGHT. LOVE TO COOK! ANY SUGGESTIONS?, DM ME.
yanno just for that text....im not gonna chill on twitter hahah :p
It's done for now -- hope to reprise the role. Thanks : when will it be playing again”
follow because her nick name is DICK
it is! and imma try to remeber it but was it on k104? I don't think so
Doesn't have an injury, he was benched for eating a referee who flagged him for a personal foul.
OH: the test subjects in this case are worms
hey jus ring me internet is a myth right now
Thanks for lunch today ! It was really cool to visit the mothership.
: You guys should go catch the at the Paseo Underground tonight at 9. They never fail to put on a killer show.
Looking forward to a fun and beautiful afternoon in The ATL.
and the USC Trojans are routing the Bruins. Let's get this second half started and show them the real champs! #FIGHT ON
RIP Amy Winehouse
At the Hammer improv in SD, starring Felicia Day and many Guild cast members.
it's probably really offensive to all the REAL Native American sorceresses who just came to enjoy the show
Congrats on the win.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Garden State in the same night....
woah! heated munich played better second half
Effffff grad parties and all this food...
Ppl please learn the difference between... There ..their ..they're ..Gosh ppl blow me
Congrats to Octavia Spencer for her Academy Award!!!
needs to be a more active tweeter.
Wow! Brings back memories of the Mars Bar & Max's Kansas City. NY Dolls were hard core
Haha well thank ya kind gent:-)
BIG BAD WOLF INDEED SIR
Off to Washington for some quality boyfriend time. Love it!
Tip of the day: roadtrips are pretty tight.
Loved everything about tonight! I love my friends. Running 4 miles than eating a healthy dinner while playing corn hole.
yep, that's whom I was referring to
NASA starts next round of testing of J-2X rocket engine at Stennis ...
u never said hi to me
LOL smiley face
Me & my lil sis rolling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> watching
Oh no! I am so sorry! Can you please email supportseattle at uber dot com? I will look into it!
Like official state songs and trees, three states since 2011 have adopted official state guns. Finally.
RIP Andy Rooney. You found what you loved & did it well. We should all be so lucky. Your keen ability to zero in on the truth will be missed
2012 #šê) Remember, the exam fees are about $300 for #CompTIA A# so save some of your money. We got the #training but U pay exam fees!
nope I do not agree with that! RNGeezies can do better rng should never be on the 2 ever again!(:
hey are you farting back there or are you eating eggs again? i threw up a little in my mouth.. just sayin
Is Georgia catching up with Florida in producing top-tier D1 prospects? - Atlanta Journal Constitution (blog) Found on Bing
Appreciate the shout-out!
Lol, it was funny
never heard of it. We are staying in Carp with my buddy. Drink on Sat sounds good!
It's because books haven't given up the fight yet.
Never realized until yesterday that "People Who Died" by the Jim Carroll Band was the same guy who wrote "Basketball Diaries."
Can't wait to hit the gym later. Working on some new things today..
como digas :b
do u think bonnar is a step down for
Charlie Sheen sold out Radio City Music Hall twice for his new tour. Winning! Now he has two weeks to come up with a show. Nervous!
ya it works haha but did u put it in all at once? LOL if u did just squirt blowdry squirt a few times every Day for a week
Trees available through Urban Corps
My kids celebrated Passover in Fla at the "clubhouse." Told me that a guy at their table called our President the n-word. At a Seder?!?
Well: Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics
omgg amanda it looks soo good :) its not short at all !! dont worry !
Thanks for the mention.
Try do boat in a yoga class with a smile. Does not get easier but looks better for sure:)
On the road to Champaign with , and Vanna!
is that a joke?
Thot if my cell phone was no longer good for calls i would just use it as a camera with memory card.
Girls need to #STFU about that love Shit
Prosecutor: #Huguely "A 200 plus pound Div 1 lacrosse player grinding" Love's face into the floor.."isn't that malicious?"
good morning people
…or coat hook!
Are you a biz writer who's dialed into cle's startup and growing-co. landscape? If so, get in touch.
Boston getting weird with and some miami boys hahaha
My life earnings gone down the drain. Grimy niggas! Can't even trust yo own so called family. I can't believe this!
you never but in friend you good love you :)
Just wondering what you are thinking about right at this very moment
thank you :)
im the biggest fan ever!!! i talk about you non stop at school and ur even my twitter pic and my computer pic!! Please notice me!!
The core of being is unconditional love.
#CACEROLAZO ?! what ?! Ok I support
The weather is perfect today for paddle boating at the Tidal Basin. Take in the sights of the nation's capital & get a sunkissed glow!...
anyone know any stores in their area that might want to carry me/us/the picture?
!! Imagine these characters will spend most o'their time insulting others, widdling into open car windows, etc.
Ugh stuck in class. I want to leave!
Higher Gov Interest Rates = Higher government spending - build 40,000 schools, gymnasiums, sewer systems, high speed rail, etc. Hire artists
how long are you gonna follow Me? Lol
RT When you eat the entire frozen pizza by yourself, the slogan changes to “It’s not delivery, it’s depression.”
GOT Mi TWO FAVORiTES AT HOME SOME SEXY &&ND Mi FAVORiTE iCE CREAM...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
You either get better or you get worse!!
- thanks for connecting and welcome!
Only in washington. I woke up to rain then it snowed now sunshine....... wtf...
Thanks for the RT! Hope your week has started out great!
friday is forever we belong together so come on, come on, and don't you say never
starting to train for Tour de Cure Oregon
Let's do this!
What time u goin 2 record day
YOLO is not an excuse to be a complete idiot
#sdmayornp city channel 24 for nonprofits
he's like 5'7 160 how is that hott??? Hahaha and yes he is quite the asshat
In a 90s hip-hop kinda mood & 93.5 is delivering
I'm in a giggly mood tonight, which means I'm in rare form right now folks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
No reason to perform Live Honey Bee Removals on nests that are like that last pic. Way too risky. And who wants mean bees, anyway?
Ready for a speedy flight back to the Milly. Sunny afternoons at the Phoenician pool staring up at Camelback will be missed.
PLZ FOLLOW ME (: I NEVER GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
WHAT!!! i guess cause u from the mid-west... that movie was/is a classic...
Haven't seen the Rick Perry ad yet, but when I saw a still from it, I thought it was an ad for Viagra or Cialis.
happy friday!
I think it's like 10 or somethin it said on their site
Almost time for the sedan race.
Steve Harvey has his own line at K & G Fashion Superstore
Thanks for the retweet!!
So glad the power went out on the plane while boarding...so hopefully it doesn't happen as we throw this skyscraper thru the air
Clickbank Scams? - Viglink Review - Affiliate Links Made Easy
Get some sleep, Zack. //RT : I think the Titans made a crappy pick so they could get talked about again now that Preds have ppls attn
OF COURSE I'm similar to Stupid Twitter stating the obvious...
All guys change when i get to know them :/
I hope we get more beach towels tomorrow..
LOVE you and miss you too! Come open a burrito bay here!!!
How to keep workplace humor from falling flat
RT: Middle finger is used when words aren't enough for people to understand that they're annoying.
Right? Doesn't #Amtrak go from #PennStation? Guess Penn is too ugly a backdrop for the scene ;)
I totally agree
Hang around Columbia and 18th NW if you want to see some interesting taxi hailing techniques. One I just saw was almost a Nazi salute.
I'm back in town. Let's grab a beer and talk guitars!
Don't forget about the clowns... those damn sneaky clowns.
Mane I love music!!
cant wait to see you and Sally
Good morning Shock fans! The USA Women's National Team have been placed in their Olympic group with France, North Korea, and Columbia.
“: When I finish writing script for my project RT: keep me posted. :)
RT : VJIII gets a standing O. let's win it for him #iubb!
According to the CIA, the US is 93rd out of 133 countries in income equality i.e. the difference between the haves and the have nots. Jus...
So what recording of Beethoven's Fifth do we think that was in tonight's Mad Men?
Great job, Beautiful Freaks! Can't wait to hear "Honestly" on !
Bout to hit these links. Shot gun start, yeah buddy! Starting on a par 5
Collecting resources for a crash course in the Devon #accent, anyone got some?
I over heard my new coaches talking to my dad about me being on the traveling teaam & I was like "I don't think so !!"
omg hi guys!!! :D I haven't been on in FOREVER! -Rachel
"Quick work real organized. I really like the spread sheet for the data."~Scott, Virginia, US
Hates working when he could be home playing Madden
": THANK GOD for your Happy Hour at Indigo on Thursdays... Perfect Prof. Sexy Crowd! Good LOOK!" <- Thx for coming!
not by choice my friend!
He saw you. He met you. He wanted you. He liked you. He chased you. He got you. He had you. He got bored of you. He left you. He broke you.
Multiple jurisdictions pay in from the Va side. Nit sure if Maryland splits into counties.
RT : Quote of the Day: "The US has interfered in the domestic affairs of China, the Chinese will never accept it." Liu Weimin,...
I just found out my membership to your website expired, I will have to wait until friday to renew it. :(
Thank you, for another day. <U+2764>
heck yes!(:
Tomorrow at Salute. UR Supermodels after party. Beautiful models, artists and more...after the fashion show.46 East Superior
Wish I was at #4c12, but if I have to be at home doing diss revisions, at least this chapter looks better than I remembered.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
how do you RT?
bye bye sarver....
Get better Evan!! <3
Reading the bible chill I might clean later . . . .
Dame Helen is great. Thanks for the RT. I love Canada!
Oh wow
Yes..screw that. My levels of motivation have just hit rock bottom. I think I'm going to sleep...if people in this damn house would be QUIET
because stupid I told you earlier that I know for a fact that you are over me then you tweet that today, duh!
An apology is not telling someone Ur sorry and in the same breath blaming the altercation on the other person..Grow up dude!
RT : Amazing that after interminable grey & rain, the sun is out for JUST the 2 days of my & reunions.
Its so funny seeing the people on Ellen that don't have any rhythm when Ellen dances at the beginning of the show
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.” <U+2015> Abraham Lincoln
okay :) how are you?!
Do not always prove yourself to be the one in the right. The right will appear. You need only give it a chance. -C. H. Fowler
Where are you seeing the comments?
#ISOCDC chapter suggests that future #GlobalINET meetings use Pecha Kucha format in night club setting. UN room deadens discussion.
So you talk to me . Then go talk about me. So I can't talk to you anymore. Okay. Mad. Ugh .
wats u bout to train for tho
If you can lie to someones face to make someone else feel bad you have some major problems.
After studying this stuff for 30 yrs it still blows me away. Peoples families, genders, and sexualities are totally fascinating.
Come to for $2 domestics $4 well & wine, cosmos, appletinis & Bungalow juice $6 appetizers! What are you waiting for?
Aw, thanks - we left before I saw this. But had a great dinner as always!
San Antonio: Fog next couple mornings. Easter, AM clouds then p/cloudy with a slighty chance for a shower. Today: AM fog, M/Sunny, High 89.
The Quest for Beer.
your pass to setup the 1st goal against Liverpool in the FA Cup final was sublime. Brilliant creativity. Just watched it...
I've been using like three emails a day. Hope this works out :) See you in Atlanta sir<3
Thanx for the mention--glad to see you back! :-)
Well, will play Syracuse at 6:15 Central time on CBS. Looking forward to it.
Ty Lawson just literally broke ryan Anderson s ankle hahaha
You'll be driving it soon!? You know I'll need a twitter play by play... this is a must.
Good luck, Konrad!
Some girls dress like such hookers.
Life is back to normal,survived the holidays and back to performing six nights a week! Life is good.
No, just original Caddyshack
You're a fine piece of real estate and I'm gonna get me some land.
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about themselves, and small people talk other others.
That's a first in quite a while:P You guys should do something in Orlando soon because I think I'm going through withdrawals XD
“: No!!!! No bullpen, no bullpen! #Angels”// #OCRAngels bullpen is to #angels like d'oh is to Homer Simpson
Ahha family guy
RT : Follow these people or a rabid meerkat might chase you through the streets:
He snarls. I remember that issue. My brother and I subscribed to Inside Sports back in the day.
THEN WHY NOT SUPPORT AND HELP BRO BUT I FEEL YOU THO FAM GOOD LUCK BRO REAL TALK
By the way, call your mothers, people.
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality!
hahaha ok but what do you mean?? :)
Helpful Hint: When it snows, shovel away from your furnace and water heater's direct vent exhaust locations to prevent blockages.
It's a good sunny day here in the city #goodmorning Houston. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE><U+2600><U+2601>
I love so much :) but they need to spread to California like San francisco!! I really wanna see them :) <3 #she(for Liz) bestsong
Chef Geoff Tyson's is the PERFECT spot for EVERYONE!!
I'll look into what may have happened. Again, I'm sorry for the poor experience.
I am so ready to be the #best field player ever! ;)
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson.
I love it when the titanic is on <U+2764>
no like now... i wanna wear it the last day of school ;) how fast do u think it will get here? I'll buy it right now.
BIG-TIME announcement: Astrobrite live, October 20, at in Chicago. First show in 10 years. !!!!!
Filmmaker Michael Moore will be a special guest at the #nurses' NNU convention Friday night. Stay tuned for livestream details.
I love the Brazilian Butt Lift infomercial. Anything that can squeeze the word "butt" 45 times in a minute is pure comedy gold.
Our application form should be self-explanatory. If you don't need funding, no need to fill out the 2nd form!
where do I preorder
Niggaz all "Bark" no fuckn "BITE!!
their last strike, even. Unbelievable stuff!
Note to self: although the Elmer's glue stick randomly in my purse may FEEL like chap stick-it does not taste, smell, or work as so.
Gonna be a great day:)
What Jazz saxophonist performed on Marvin Gaye Soundtrack for the movie "Troubleman"????
I've written a fairly good amount of ruby, and yet if I don't write in it for 2 months even the most basic syntax escapes me.
Good luck to the #celtics tomorrow night! Let's finish the series off in Boston and get some rest before meeting the 76ers! Go Green!
Disneyland episode of Modern Family the night before heading to Florida? Yes, please.
U DONT LOOK BORED TO ME LOL
Ha, you're too sweet.
Just had the parents over for an amazing dinner. I didn't ruin the salmon!
make sure to RT 's post for that chance to win...
Hawks win
me too!
Even if its just complainin of you couldnt zone its a party
duh bieber in my room!! And nah just shorter lol
glad you found them useful! :)
don't worry, intervention coming! Try to hang on...
because we have to be honest. The Colts did not have the same overall talent then G-men had most years...
Sad, but true RT : Pepco currently living up to their billing as least reliable utility in the country.
Need to go to the store and get OJ and some CPAP water.(distilled.)
Who wants to be my friend?
Why do so many people say it's human nature to be suspicious of those who are different? Human nature? What's that?
This would be so badass...": When you're ready - I'm ready. Black Adam. #AColdNastyBadMotherFucker"
Thoroughly enjoyed Hunger Games movie.Gale was pretty much absent, but Katniss and Peeta were great.
Bless you. Bless you! BLESS YOU! MOTHERFUCKER I SAID BLESS YOU!!!!
Can you follow me??? :)
It was a lot of fun! Got to see my college friends and watch my bf's little sis graduate :)
One day I'll make you wish you hadn't let me go
I feel like I'm just wasting my time on you....
I just want unconditional and never changing love. Sounds like a relationship with Jesus!
We are now hiring Developers with api experience and Sales reps with phone experience. Interns welcome to apply!
!!!!! : I'm pretty sure the #glee costume department wants to give every lesbian a heart attack.
Youu Should Make A Fellow #mahomie Happy & Follow Me :D Please!(:
Hi to all my new friends and followers! Check me and performing stereo hearts together! YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic
It's probably old news among trend spotters, but I'm noticing the emergence of euro-style food retail in u.s. airports.
Hah, you could watch that. I don't know too many tv shows, so I can't really give you any suggestions.
oh who knows - just probably what she always does. How is your new job?
On Mon, The Nat. Assoc. of Broadcasters broke new ground by offering for the first time to pay musicians when they play songs on the radio.
What the heck how did I get there.
He had the world but he thought that he wanted more, he's the guy that you should feel sorry for.
Late to the party I know, but thought you did a wonderful job in Young Adult!
Start Monday off right. Come in for lunch and enjoy the Classic Club. Dinner we'll be featuring cheap ribs as always.
Wanna DJ a show tomorrow at Franks?
"Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent." - Joe Sparano
love you too Jay<3
Agreed-Mumford and Sons are amazing. Best album in last 5 years imo
Happy Mothers Day! Treat all Those mothers out there to dinner at Shorty's!!
So proud of for all pulling together for the film competition!
Yaaaaay finished with my paper, but now it can't sleep -_____-!
#edchat #edadmin May/June is a time 4 students 2 eval teachers in K12. What strategies R used to gather feedback from the 1st hand players?
I can't go, I'm sorry guys. I still haven't fully recovered :/ down for the next #goyleback though, promise!
Well done, Sir! :) That makes 2 of us now. :)
We are like tea bags - we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water. - Sister Busche
Anne had chicken pho and I had beef,beef tendon and tripe pho. It was god!! I like sukiyaki too. Great soup dishes.
Conned into ditching 6th. Ah.
Last Friday was my first time on ucla's campus without the intention to do something to it.
Yes. Because they have to stop their husbands from thinking Sarah Palin is "electafckable"!!!!
Omg tommorow is mothers day:)
5 miles on the Trinity
well if you can... or you can do... or how about...... na FUCK IT !! it wont ever work lol. MORE BLOWJOBS!
I agree RT : I hate people who are always sad GET OVER IT
Did you know we're closed for renovation? What would you like to see when we re-open late-Spring 2012?
He had a dream..
RT : If you give it up too soon he won't respect you. You deserved to be pursued & cherished. Make 'em wait for it.
I love you <U+2665> 1
make sure you guys follow I'm watching him kill it in Hall Pass...
I have kids that record into their iOs device for podcasting. One kid even did a skype interview using her phone.
It's a shame when you gotta delete a person from your life. Twitter, fb, phone #, instagram.... Haha shame.
Come to Minnesota and do this.
The replay clearly showed the foul before the ball was inbounded. Hawks should've had 2 FTs and the ball. Atlanta got screwed.
Ha - trick question! You CAN'T find healthy eats at USAir DCA!
Lead Off Man Means I Bat 1st Wit A #1 On The Back Of My Jersey Everytime MLB Gas GAME
Wow huge break for the #whitesox. Scott #Ullger should be fired for sending Hardy...he had just passed the 3rd w/ the ball in the infield!!
“: Alright Weeden!!!! Way to rep. Who cares how old you are! Weeden sucks
- Dear God, enough with the emails! I am now committed to buying from You've burned this bridge.
Oh yes, but that comic dude invented that back in 2005. Lots of copycats on youtube, including Teams. :D
follow back
well, cats do run the internet, you know. We have to be nice to them :)
Wishing people gave wcers the same respect they want from us. You make an appointment show up on time. Its that easy.
For more World Breaking News visit www.tncnews.com
#prayforlondon Please God protect people in London!!
lol nah she is cute as hell :)
Honey, don't do it. You're so sweet already. xo
I'm ready for bed and it's not even 8:30 yet!
I had the EXACT same thought on my way in to work. Harumph.
I want to see more photos and videos. Who's hiding the goods?
Look at you with the fashion critiques! I think it's perfect the way it is, but I do see your point.
Could the #Boston Red Sox win this game? NOPE! I noticed Fenway park was empty. When will they offer fans Red Sox Deals via
sorry to hear about the tragic loss there. Praying for u guys!
Obama got my vote 4 years ago and he'll get it again this time.
camera or body? Only one of those choices I agree with...
Reentry Anonymous Meeting Update: Monday,Thursday,Sunday 9p.m. conference call meetings - Ex-offender reentry support: www.reanon.org.
- how come you are not in Dublin? Great day and well done Eoghan
Helped 192 customers today and scanned 600 items!
I got a boy who I think I'm gone love forever.
That's because it's neogaf, bro
Blossoms are stupid.
Tonight I'll be the best you've ever had
Nice touch David Nelson ;-)
I miss listening to mix 94.1 Mark & Mercedes + JC around 7 am... It was like my coffee in the morning <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Apparently my fuel sensor is busted. Stranded on the side of 52E.
is smashing her twitter friends with NFL facts. I have a fact. I do recall Jemel clowning her team for resigning Alex Smith.
in this computer concepts klass waitin to board that plane
Great show & ! Missed the show? Tune in this Sunday at 9AM CST on
Nice weekend with old, and new friends. Thank you fantasy football for keeping my social life social.
Birthdays are like boogers, the more you have the harder it is to breathe. Lol happy bday hope u enjoyed ur day : )
haha got it, but The second one is close enough
s/o to for the love. and the cool sh*t they do for folks. i'll try not to disappoint.
Shit I am straight reppin my hometown of SAINT LOUIS MISSOURI
nd I are so sexy nd were single(;
Most favorite thing ever is talking to my 4yr old nephew on the phone. Love that kid!
Good deal&good4them! Didn't know much about him, knew they(Moline) were 22-9 this yr, but 4-5 in league, so I had no idea. Thx!
To understand Dominica, you need to go to church, which I don't do often. But today, I'm announcing my project @ the church. Wish me luck.
The news flood continues: CBS flips Active Rock WPBZ (Buzz 103.1)/West Palm Beach to Top 40 as "Now 103.1."
Oh noo :( Poor little one, where?
Early morning camera equip p/u for shooting of added scene with ...bound 2b an interesting day
Its so hot outside ;O
youre one to talk
Sanford + Son, Milli + Vanilli, steak + lobster, Champagne + strawberries = better together
I love have in my ear ifeel so happy and makes me wanna get up on this bus and start dancing. Lol. Not a good idea
Good seeing you today glad you are doing well with the new gig!
can u fly out of chicago?
Due to my injury, i am not able to get them there. the cakes are pistachio-chocolate-strawberry with truffle frosting
Happy to know you had a great time! See u soon :)
RT Q4)... We aren't here to change people. People are people. That's bedrock. That's our starting point... #lrnchat - Amen
The road less traveled is usually the best direction to take! Take a right on faith avenue and follow it straight down hard work boulevard!
looking forward to your updates, or lack thereof ;) lol
Thanks for following! I hope you tweet about discounts on your yummy food & drinks! :D
Rehab centers are depressing
We are taking over is having a blast
Parents can be the biggest dream killers.....not mine but in general.
Pick a Peck of Positivity - Personafied............!
I hate when I eat a meal and feel tired afterwards.
Hard on a bitch fo a reason
you still here? my laptop's wifi quit working >.>
I havent to been Louisville in forever that is deff on my schedule this summer
Great presentation from
my fiance edited it, and she edits for a living. Had beta readers read it at the end also.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Separation
Finally on a roll with grading, and school calls about my child's diaper rash. It's so bad they needed to call.
hi bob!
please follow
Pissed and bored
Mom's are always there first to set things up to welcome you to your next move, same as when you were born here on Earth. peace AL
Hey Mr Campbell...One of my Favorite people in the MIA...r u in town...want to invite u to Tracy Mournings event later
Chasing the Sun :)
My 12 year old sister has a better phone than me
To see behind the machinations of those fostering a hatred of teachers, read 's tweets, re: teachers create criminals
Q1: We don't have children's books in our museum lib, we have a "parent resource" room in the school & I would like to be involved!
I hope so! Happy Mother's Day to you, Caren!
um a thank you to fans vid?
Great. So I have that to look forward to this afternoon. Doing anything in that state is utter chaos.
Too excited for 's bday this weekend! Then right back to work on
done right and completely like it supposed to be with no problems.. hopefully it will be..hm
"Between SAYING and DOING many a pair of shoes is worn out." ~ Italian Proverb... Let your ACTIONS be your ANSWER to that TO DO list. ;) GO!
Good morning
I can't root for any Bos team so Sixers have my support this series
Excellent interview.
If dis lil freak dont cum do my hair she gone ashamed of me on ha birthday cause im still goin everywhere lol
Look who's talking. ;)
Hypothetically of course...
having this problem right now.
I'm pretty sure these Fabreze commercials are promoting rape culture
I'll be sure to check it out. Thanks for letting me know.
don't know that case
It really sucks when the Brewers aren't televised
Aerosmith : Rolling Stones :: John Kerry : Al Gore (too 2007?)
"So it's gonna take two weeks"--Jimmy Early as portrayed by Eddie Murphy
Over 10,000 homeless kids in Maryland. Students filling up shelters. Homelessness looks different than you might think.
I'm so glad we're like 100% Italian we get dark so fast <3
Were you at last night? Did you see our Spott team there? You still have a chance to join us tonight!
Julia:Hey Nicole you should draw Chad for Gwen. Me:Who? J:Chad. That guy? Or Chazzam. Whatever his name is. Me:Chuck? Her: Yeah.
Just found a moon globe in the trash. Now what tp do with it.
Gearing up for Library Advocacy Day!
I Dont Know You But Your Cute!(:
First bike ride of the season: short (just from work to home) but sweet!
4th quarter is no joke in Minnesota but let's see how they play at home......we are looking forward to them comin home
Want to help Girl Talk spread the word about 's new book? Use #THEDRAMAYEARS when posting on your Facebook & Twitter!
cleaning up condoms. picking up air plane parts. finding mini alcohol bottles. google searching students.
I like ur style
haha. Next thing we know, you'll be scrubbin' walls and bringin' in the laundry from "out on the line". lol
Thanks for the RT! have a great evening!
After reading the 6th Harry potter book, I always put counter clockwise stirs in when I'm mixing something
as in they should have headphones? (Ill ignore the touch screen part)
What's this Error 37 I keep hearing about?
HUGE thanks and #FF to the newest #Feastpdx sponsors! , , , and !
Missing terribly... But I know she's doin her thing in LA.
I always defer to for cheese tips- they are the best!
Great week to you too Mick!
Bill, nice set of logos. I was pinching & zooming on my phone & clicked one by accident. Liked ones w/ no text in particular.
www.kociradio.com women playing the blues: Lillian Green, Dinah Washington, Sippie Wallace, and Billie Holiday
Or #GEEBZ :) RT : I love that you can get anywhere in green bay in 7 minutes or less.
See you soon and thanks for the shout out!!
Alrighty #ds106, I am psyched to film something besides a student speech
You'll see 4 people on the group fanpage.wearing white & the name of the group is on the front of the pic.
that's what I thought!
Writing session oh ya
any other events that I should be notified of Brewster boy?
Great screening at #UN last night
Well thank you, I guess it's not morning until I go to sleep haha... sleeping problems!
Ugh, gibson u fugly...but u make it look so pretty
count me in :))
You're welcome! Happy holidays!
Big day today for the future of
Playing SIMON on my iPad on the I Wanna Go set to pass the time. -Britney
bruh you should know how much a lineman can change a team
Beat the Revs. RT : "Describe your feelings about the St Patrick's Day opener using no more than 3 words."
Have you heard of www.mypiloti.com ? They sell Italian racing shoes,. pretty cool.
Done with school forever bitches!!!
whey just had my first British mcdonalds;)
Today in Literary History: On April 8, 1955 Barbara Kingsolver (author of THE BEAN TREES and THE POISONWOOD BIBLE) was born in Maryland.
Tom & Jerry
I MISSED YOU, BABY.
Anyone at #Westminster, am looking for Kerry Blue groomer centrally located in Chicago.
You should give me a tour of set sometime, I'll dust off my ringtone too and have everyone call.
Fucked up, in this pasenger seat.
OMG! I hope you didn't miss Jersey Shore?!
Your Success Is Measured by Your Faith! If God Gave You The Vision , Trust Him Enough To Bring It To Pass! Wait On It!
Chocolate milk <U+2764>
God sent me an angel.
Our photographer, , is one of the best in the Midwest, we can't wait to see the photos! :-)
Girls want a guy who says I love you every night and proves it every day. That simple.
Will hide from the rain with Susan Sontag's "As Consciousness Is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks 1964-1980."
jeez...there are a lot of twitter apps.....
im glad you came to my school it changed my life forever knowing that just one word can make a difference in someones life< 3
My Bloody Valentine discography remasters? Yes please!
The Road to SUPERDRAFT has begun! Band for the Tailgate Party to be announced very soon.
Yeah, I know. Maybe something just off messed up.
County jail privatization is insane
Thanks for the follow, we will be checking you out! Have a good one!
A nigga call you wife and I can't get mad but when someone blow me a kiss, you wanna get pissed. I'm pissed.
Count me in. RT I think we're going to have to start a mini-campaign to get to tweet more often - cc:
Sounds yummy!
#DASER Lynn Parenti is talking about the fish research facility at
Starships is my jam
no pressure! it'd be ideal if there were live video feed for these hearings...
That's real talk right there..u will save alot of trouble keeping it to yourself.
Who is Mandie?! I keep on seeing her name but who is she?!
Did you know you can create your own private lists on facebook just like you do on twitter? No more need to follow everyone. LOVE it!
TFTF trill & chill girl!
Who fought though?
yep! Well I did when I was in highschool
Running clears the soul and mind. The farther I run the more I see. Runners keep on runnin...
#atmovieawards MTV Movie Awards about to begin!!
What's filming in front of Dionysus? VEEP?
lol I can just imagine them fangirling about him
Just sent you homies an email!! :)
You're right! I watched a YouTube video of them live in 2011 and it's way better than a keyed VW. :) I'm over the bummer.
We love your new single #SaySomethin. <3 It's totally amazing! <3 You say my birthday in the song! <3
Holla if yu need me you allways going to be my boo .
When non-Autistic people want to properly be inclusive to Autistic people, they will RADICALLY change their funding formulas
PR's should be a coaching tool, but often they are performed by managers who cannot lead.
I undertand we all have opinions, but if you're loud mouth, you need to stfu.
thanks! So glad that's over with...
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!!
I WANT TO MEET ANY ICONIAC AND KDB ILL BE WEARING A PURPLE AND GREY SHIRT I HAVE GLASSES! (:
third eye blind's jumper on repeat.
We reached the 5,000 gift mark! San Diegans know how to #giveBIG!
Ill meet you at home haha
OMC! Rosie could be my sister! Beautiful kitties! Just Beautiful.
#ff please RT! happy friday! thank you =)
Come #HappyHour with us this evening! RT : Jealous!! :)
I miss you guys. I ll have u guys over this summer and ill cook.
I havent watch any sort of porn in three months....... why??? idk lol
it's a great show - love it!
At work tired as hell 4 hours down 3 to go just now on my break still got too much to do smh!
I want some candy. .
Your welcome =] Thanks for following back! Sure.. checked them out and their really good! :)
Keep assaulting the wall.
this is a castle isn't it, there are tapestries!!!
blah i feel yuky.....
“: LSB is the biggest baseball blowhard on twitter. That guy loves playing shock jock.” Guhgree!
I swear, if you win that award, I'm gonna call you out on it.
How Hammons only uses the book <<<
Absolutely. Water conservation-education-activism is top of my list. Let's discuss in DM.
Picnic sounds good. Sand is awful add beer to any of those and I am far less picky.
no but i was in the front row and louis and nial held my hands<333333333
You need the 'Dream Water' I'm telling ya!
on from 1-2 tomorrow on makin wine and his first solo single in 20+ years
Hi! No but i work right next to BC. Are you? I can help you find a place if you ever move in the area.
We can't wait!
#s Nonprofit Health Center?s Cash Flow Skyrockets Using Atlanta-Based BCA?S Practice Mgt. System
I learned all the starting pitchers too -- so it's more like 15 f.y.i
FANTASTIC Job!!!!!!
The weather outside is perfect. Great night for getting together with friends. Haha jk. Going to the gym.
Im determined not to procrastinate while doing my final projects and studying
BRO IM FOLLOWING YOU
Last night was perfect
RT : Glad to have friends like and
It's definitely not the way it used to be<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Love my wife! Married 12 years today! You're the best! Happy Anniversary !
Morning me hates night me right about now...
Let it rain, let it pour cause you don't love me anymore.
Thank you! I have fear of boredom now.
Any "Friends" fans out there? Remember when Ross is obsessed with the word "umami?" Do you know what that means?
One week until we start shooting The F List!
That would be a really cool job!
If I eat anymore of this dinner my stomach will explode.
Holly Molla Rocknrolla! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig you some Secret Skwirl, as much as we dig you! Best & success
Don't run out of fuel after the first day of finals. Fuel Up for Finals starts again at 8 p.m. tonight in the library. FREE coffee and tea.
Psycho teacher on the prowl
follow back--->
Good moring and happy Tuesday to all my tweeps!
"It takes a long time to grow an old friend." - John Leonard
#RIPMCA I'll be pouring out a little bit of my Brass Monkey for you tonight.
you are too kind, and possibly the only person who appreciated my news posts! it's weird not checking on courtney love anymore
happy day! RT : Busy here too, great week so far! Have a great night!
don't blame the tool ;)
Happy New Year!! Welcome 2011!!
I'm so tired. Good night tweeps <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
I'm new to Twitter, too. Great resource for finding things that you otherwise wouldn't know about.
i.hate.school!
I love how you are still awake talking to me... You liar :P ooopss... I didn't blow your cover did I...? Hehehe
Brodcas line sport
Got the call i was waiting for from the Oklahoma historical society! Huzzah!
Shaking my head....Im not that nice.
just thought about sticking OKC's Perkins, then thought hmm sponsors.
A drunkin mess... We're probably goin out for a cocktail tonight if you're interested.
Don't be scared to let your dreams come true and let your talents show
Hello seeker Now don't feel alone here in the New Age, because there's a seeker born every minute. -Firesign Theatre
do you want to know what it is
that's what I do ;)
Some people have already developed a habit of not going through this process mainly due to having to pay a certain amount
Tex walks. I'll take it.
new shit out soon.
e, i don't know. i gotta consult my schedule. i might not be free. & fank you, fank you n_______n
that's just how we roll!
Touched down in NYC time to start the palace search with
hey man, what hood are you thinking?
I'm so glad you joined Twitter!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
What are you talking about??
Wait--the entire premise of this joke is whether an item sold or didn't sell on Ebay?
I shall retry uploading this track today. I promise you guys!
is there any update on this contest? Because I would love the chance to win and in turn advertise this market in Arizona.
Omg, what if this girls boyfriend is lying about having to work late and is out fuckin around?
Happy book birthday to me!
Thanks for the unbelievable,inspirational ride this year.You're a very special person.God Bless-All In
thanks girl! How are things with you?
I'm starting a petition to change America's national pastime from baseball to coloring.
thought you were going back to sleep? LOL
Follow me on instagram!!!! My username is iluvya_nojoke
hey its understandable. Where eyem from everyone runs with one team all year. And my one team is Oregon. That's who eye coach
RT : The hardest part about sending Navy Seals after Bin Laden must have been flooding the compound first.
He plays drums.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
Thrilled for the Scot Lawrence for Putnam Co Magistrate team this morning! He worked really hard... very deserving!
the last of these daze <3 #winning RT : break time.
Guns N Roses - Crue, not new GNR, original GNR, if anyone could make this happen it would be Sixx, biggest rock tour ever!
Hi All -- this account is no longer active. All TVK stuff will go out through my personal acct -- -- so please follow us there.
#mm follow these illy bands!
Yes! That's what we like to hear! RT : You're welcome & client loves it - writing an offer!
You'd be mad if you were hatian too lol RT : THese Haitians on Texas Ave always sound angry
I miss my man.
Congrats to and their release party tonight at Live Artists Studios on S. 1st St.!
2½ years: Average length, from complaint to settlement, of an employment lawsuit.
best wishes to you and your family this week, Dan.
Those 2 drama awards were all I cared about. If anyone wins the comedy one's besides Modern Family it'll be a travesty.
I finally got the cold the rest of my family's been suffering through. Started sneezing up a storm as soon as I got home from the play.
Sickening, actually!
My question is - how many tweets can you do about cycling? I mean seriously :)
I kinda think '89-'94 was the hip-hop equivalent of rock's '66-'70.
What do Tony Danzas do then?
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thanks! and ur right. all the vids should load MUCH quicker
#ThingsIwantTheMost Is you
Can't talk or eat. I can barely open my mouth.
Funny hearing the "Jaws" music and looking at little Blanco hopping around out there. In a game of "Sharks and Minnows" he'd be a minnow.
Cool! Sam's Station has Marjorie Kinch artwork on its walls this month
John Carter it is
Can't let anything or anyone get in my way to accomplishing my dream...drama free.. So keep your distance If you bout that BS
Man, I really do have a sappy side. I'm slightly amazed at myself
between you and I, we played some sick defense on me today.
Thanks for sharing. We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Hahaha! I bet.
is now sold at the Sacred Wheel Cheese and Specialty Market in North Oakland 4935 Shattuck Ave. Give THanks!
Love your quotes and thx for the #FF love :)
have a good work out Matt! :)
im always going to love you 12712
thx to for great write-up of her exp with us! our customers love that tip is incl! hope we help change ur...
it wasn't an emoji it was just a regular smiley! ahahah
they made it close, but the #cubswin!
i don't make mistakes, i date them.
job title of the day: chief executive laundress and director of folding
you so peety...(in my kid voice) :-) I hope your day is amazing today!
Are you ready to get thinner than ever?
Happy Parent's Day! Come celebrate it at the bakery.
Pressure is the joy of the diligent and no sweat to an achiever.
#ratchetgirlanthem --- OMG. What do she have on??? She raaaachet!!
LUCIANA performing her hit single I LIKE THAT at WET NIGHTCLUB this SATURDAY 18 & Over PARTY 915-449-2066 CALL NOW GONNE BE SICK!
Oh, I hate power outages :( Hope all is OK now. Moving going slow, but tomorrow should see some positive action! 'Night!
come visit my ass! I'm a loner
Been working all day. Need a shower and some food!
If I had my way we'd never close our eyes.
Is that the Dune that David Lynch directed but washed his hands of? (This isn't talking this is )
Why Do Geese and Airplanes Collide? The biggest problem has to do with the land surrounding airports.
Agree!! RT : Wow.. that was a GREAT episode -- the best yet in my opinion.
Girl I feel your pain cause I have experienced it.
I wish there was #paleo drive thru/#fastfood / or restaurants...sometimes I'm lazy.
I wish Adele had an instagram.
where's my chapstick?!
in, on, wherehaveyou
Alright Brittany Ima Take Your Word On That
I just heard Ohio Senator Rob Portman is Romney's likely choice for VP. Rob Portman. Meh.
#thoughtswhilerunning boobs, please contain yourselves.
well, you're allowed to use google
Heavy D... real good dude
Let's do it man! I'll be there Sat April 14th for the HIS WOMEN conference and then OAKLAND CHURCH Sun April 15th!
Thanks, honey! “ Happy Anniversary Sweetie-Pie! #TweetSmooch”
a form of new slaves. That will continually affect the next generation.
RT : Aussie SIM-only MVNO Amaysim CEO: 35% of our customers are iPhone users, and we haven't subsidized any of them
I bet you're really proud of and how far he's come(: <33
@ the crime scene lol
Are you running a contest as an artist or for an artist? If so, Music News Nashville wants to help promote it. Email me...
Just watched today's show on DVR. You are awesome! My Hubby and I love watching!
Whaaa? The blogroll is for contributing bloggers. U wanna contribute some of ur posts re ur shows? DM me.
Its A Lost Cause.
ha!so it is a song.lol i knew it sounded familiar.lol
Anyone fancy giving me a new band to listen to?
New shipment of Kavita Scaves arrived! Just in time for #Mothers Day! Stop in and take a look at our large new assortment.
Hahaha all of these people are talking about Jared Sullinger's major - "Exploration" is just where OSU puts you if you're undeclared
Charles Mokriski: foreign educated and admitted attys must be allowed to register as inhouse counsel of foreign corps--they are vetted
you did AMAZING On so ramdom!
So Sin Cere R&B/Hip Hop Album on itunes and other digital store outlets. Contact info
argh - I was working in the back of the truck and had NO IDEA anyone had stopped by! My photographer told me about it later... fml
Now following:) FB!!??!
Raine has last minute colour and/or cut appointments this week and next: catch her before she leaves for France!
Alright, that talk is over. Next up is Andrew Nacin's talk at 2:15.
Whacha doin tonight?! - it maybe raining but that won't stop us! :) -Ashley
Going to soccer game(: Second to last game :'( Pretty sad it was an Exicting,Hectic,Winning,Losing,Crying,Funny,Quite,Perfect,and TEAMWORK!
Just because i said i was bored, doesn't mean i'm bored enough to clean.
today was fun but my friend amanda didnt come D: missed her! but i had chocolate graham crackers with crunchy peanut butter :D m yum!!!!!!
“ “ Never make the same mistake twice, there are so many new ones, try a different one each day.””
Just found out this AM that is off to China… Me? I'm going to SJ this weekend. Not cool.
The gym does sound tempting right now....": why when the gym is open"
Haven't started. Fell asleep at 8:30 last night!! AH!!
Fuck this shit is kicking my ass its an intense workout program only 58 more days yaya
Just had fun meeting with to explore some projects/collaboration with the Newman Library.
Hi Bill - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Nice blog by the way - keep writing good stuff!
Thanks for checking in tonight. Sheila Anderson & I will be back tonight to raise "$CASH$ For #Latin & #Jazz @ 8pm ET. Ciya then!
I'm willing to bet gives zero shits about Obama aides knocking him in the press over gay marriage
Toledo I the truth
that's why she's the extra...never the main attraction.
I'm wide awake and I can see, The perfect sky is torn, You're a little late, I'm already torn.
yeah training vs instruction makes a diff, but what are you looking to do?
not all tweets select ones
Will do. I'm a girl btw lmao
hey thank you for the follow back! chop chop!
pick y'all up at jsrcc parham parking lot at 12:30?
hey guess what?! This girl just turned 20! (:
hey coach good wins. Good luck on Saturday against the Ducks.
huh text me
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
What to eat in Dallas ? I've been away to long
I got a phone interview with Kip. Lol. Most awkward experience. Never had one. In person one next Monday! :)
yup need to get rid of Stras to have a chance RT : well if they keep making quick outs like that he might
It's arrived. 2012 Big Ten Outdoor Track and Field Championships week in Madison. Pressers with coaches Nuttycombe & Stintzi.
who wants to be the 3000 person i follow?
HUMP Day!!
slap some bones and watch the playoffs.
Yes sir <---I'd do almost anything you asked of me my brother. You Got That!!!
Yeah I still think about you but then I remember your not worth my thoughts cuz I wasnt worth your time
#HesJustNotThatIntoYou was not that bad...
u know its like i post a tweet and then like 20 different messages come after and its kinda wierd
The narrower your niche, the broader your market MT : "...the consumer hankers after specialization. - Susan Friedmann
. directors & , the illustrator, will be joining us for a discussion following the film screening, 1/25. All welcome!
I think it's the jerusalem salad and hot sauce at Sultan's that brings it out ahead.
When is this rain going to stop?!
i am. you like NEED a dress. its crazy that you don't have ONE.
Rose stay hurt now
There is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
just finished listening to Fate, cuz I recognized the album cover for some reason. And I dig it. Seeing what else is good.
don't start sumthin u can't finish
TAKE TAKE TAKE IT ALL, BUT YOU ONLY GIVE SHIT AL
": we support that grind!" Thx hun ditto!
Ok so wats wrong w/a guy being affectionate to his gf, he loves me why do people have to be such ass holes at least he gets laid unlike them
. Little known fact, the Muslim Brotherhood is actually an Egyptian teachers union.
I emailed you...No reply
School sucks!
I bet and wont ever come back to New York City, but i will keep wishing for that day to come <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> <3
aww so how's your puppy?
we'll take it anyway to get on base! strange hit for Gonze you're right.
I hate cockroaches too.
Thanks for sharing that with your followers! We hope they find something valuable.
Trying to plan my Sunday so I can watch the end of the British Open. Anyone know what time EST that will be?
Headed 2C "Think Like A Man" I hope it's as good as the previews (fingers crossed)
Today was boof I got beat up by all damn day
Thanks for having me and allowing me to share. If you have questions or want to follow up at all, feel free to reach out any time!
Inbox Mee Question For & Answer (Askk Me Anything)
Fill in the blank: women at the top....
breaking news: Google announces big change to how search results are delivered, says new search tool will think more like a human.
will do!
Drug life
On way to with Gabby and Cam for "Lunch with Dad". Asked them where they wanted to go...thus, here we come
How is everyone doing now?? i miss chating with my
Thx. We need all the help we can get. I went to the bathroom since that's always when they score. I make em nervous when I watch.
Yoooo.. I miss you too brobro..
the art work for the new album is ready!!!
you make me smile((:
I really don't care if I lose friends. You make friends and enemies everyday. Regardless, I'm still going to be me.
how many did you need?
thanks for looking out, we're sorry for the scary dm!
Hunger Games movie was ok, as good as it could have been, really. So much more depth in characters and plot development in the book.
you mean the one who would get picked last and hit first on dodgeball day?
I'd go back to London, see more of Eastern Europe (Austria, Poland, etc.), & I'd love to visit Dubai!
its gone be awhile i got alot happening but i am getting some made prolly this weekend or next week i need time
Electronic Security a Worry in an Age of Digital Espionage
We do!! Small sweet world indeed.
I was sorted into Ravenclaw on Pottermore. No one is surprised. Guess this means I can keep my scarf.
what ever happened to the beat i sent you homi? you spit a verse on it?
Pilates does not have to be expensive. $45 single, private pilates session or $400 for 10 sessions. Certified, experienced instructors.
It's almost time to watch make it to #TheVoice Finale!!
Now Following she cool as hell so go follow her
Finna Shutdown in min.
#prayforlondon can't believe what's going on there. amazing to witness the power of numbers
I find Ars Technica to have really good coverage. They can be a bit all over at times but the in depth stories are great.
The nerds love you too!!!!
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
I am hoping we do! Lol
Brilliant! when you are injured it is a great time to get creative and come up with modifications. a positive spin!
Newborn's fingers splayed over its face in Mom's arms, glimpsed thru swaddling blanket in elevator. Samsung Medical Center. Awesome.
you are very persuasive.
One cut is all it takes to start an addiction.
doubt I can make it at short notice , i'll see if I can send one of my reporters
What better demographic is there to advertise to than customers at coffee shops themselves. We provide this service to u.
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view. ~Robert Hutchins
so you say I gotta attitude problem- nawh bitch you just gotta problem with my attitude.
Somebody explain to me how that wasn't an "And 1" on that breakaway. #GoAheadIllWait (#Inside)
Going to train the lovely and lively marsha mason.
If you're still bringing money in, I'd sure have some fun... But not too much fun!
Relationship with God becomes richer in serving others. Find someone needing to be blessed today & pour it on. NspiredBy Proverbs 22: 9
Gronk ties NFL record at age 22
Duane who?
Namies or Sephora? Better of the two?
I love my mommy!!!! and thanks to her I got a great final examine thanks mommy!!!!
RT : Fuck hitting the club, I'd rather stay at home & write.
No affiliation.
"Guys may flirt with a million different girls, but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about."<3
awesome dudes.
Can't take A'Mare "Hands of Stone" and his shots being blocked at 50%. I would make that trade of A'Mare for Josh Smith!
What does think of the Broncos 2012 regular season schedule? Hear the VP of FB Ops take in minutes
#FF food allergy resources:
Payne hey I love you
Great mild winter , so a little rain , no biggie. Be great, stay classy , eat ,pray ,love,LAUGH...LOL. Stay dry my friends
And then after all that , huge action at my condos on lake city. Drunk dudes fighting in the parking lot, very exciting!
Thanks, all. I'm good for famouse fish ... but really? Nobody mentioned Jabber Jaws?
Baton Rouge, let's get wild tonight at the White Owl!
"Don't Dead Open Inside"? What are they trying to say? This is horrible copy writing.
this sucks big time
This is nice <3
u at work?
The Lake View HS corporate partner is Microsoft!
Holy balls! This Rangers vs Capitals playoff game is cray! NY just scored w/ 6.6 secs left after pulling their goalkeeper. Overtime!
Using a Mac in the library..
appliances don't work if they're not plugged in
Happy May! Time to start thinking about your spring frag, try Bond No. 9 for a fabulous floral or award winning Odin for a fresh clean scent
I'm planning on it
what's a booking contact for you ?
it is not 95... It is 82 buddy
If it wasn't for I would have been deleted twit
What is that circus thing at FLM?
All these girls in my school calling Harry, Henry. LOL.
Happy Pi day everyone! One of my favorite days of the year
I miss you too. Come visit!
TODAY SO FAR - Woke up, worked out, showered, cleaned room, now Im playing guitar and writing a new song :) M I LOVE productive days
I am petting a doggie.
mama i made it
I have discovered I have a strange love of tents. I might be a gypsy.
#hugeteachertriumphs You also kept them from killing each other. YAY!!
that makes so much sense....
We have a special PFO meeting at 6:00 Monday evening. Some of our students will be performing for families and visitors!
At the post office waiting in a huge line... Only 1 guy working!
No ladies cokmented on my San Jose Sharks hat
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely - Auguste Rodin
4 wide! Yes!
Umm. Maybe safety isn't your number-one concern then. lol Have fun!
We love nightlife because people become people who they really want to be.
I know is going. Wish I was. RT : Any #interactive attendees headed to #sxsw from #milwaukee this year?
What??!! I am out of the loop! You did your other marathon this past weekend?!?!?!
Looking for a whiter smile? Ask about our in-office whitening or take home whitening trays - www.kravitzdental.com
Too bored to go get food and run errands. lol
Ditto for me on the public phone number. Just had a another great call with a linguistics student. Being reachable helps *them.*
LMFAO. my mom just told my dog if he's not good i'm gonna dissect him. lolololol.
yay just let me know. :)
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
yeah. I did OK. Pretty happy considering where I was coming from. :) learned a ton. Both about AI and online learning.
( ) it's the skinny jeans that do it.
ill txt it
I'll be in Vietnam from May 12-21 with Flying into SGN, itinerary open. Holla!
hell yea
yoga with and in the park was wonderful, as always!
Thanks for the retweets Ana! I hope you're having a fantastic day!
Also..make sure that you have contracts signed so that they are obligated to play the dates! ;)
#Flashbacks was live last night :) my #juicyent girls had fun
Well you look interesting plus I'm diggin the whole getup :] Im following too now!
u to dahhhling
#ListOfTurnOffs when a guy is talented <3
it did, considerably
Offered...or intended...the million dollar question...only a word...the world of PR...
nice crowd! I even had an enabler offer her hotel room to shower/freshen up in but no dice :D
- Also.... I already got a letter from the Sallie Mae a**holes about starting to pay in JUNE! :( I thought I would have
If you've experienced issues listening online - it was an Internet Explorer issue and it has been corrected!!!
I'm alive. Just hanging with a new guy pal... ;)
I just got Rosie to follow youu so be thankful!!!
RT : im hungry, im sleepy, im bored, im tired, im scared(? :c
I think so too!
Yes ! Just Do It !
Happy 5th Anniversary to my husband. I cant believe 5 years has gone so fast! Love you!
The true meaning in love is lost in our generation I dont give a flying fuck what anybody says
I'm swooning over a relationship on tv thats not even real. How lame am I
I saw you driving in. We were walking back to my car
I agree! RT : History can also be individual things members have done, such as International Coalition.
Congrats to of & of Two GIANT talents! I can personally vouch.
I need a new mouse for my laptop ;(
s/o to dis hattin ass niggaz in montogermy man!! and s/o to dat guy who give me dat page 10 grade year shit was fucked up!!
Some people just want to be noticed.
She works hard for the money...so hard for the money.
likes fish sdicks... that makes him a gay fish. #truestory ... right ?
Can't stay down here; I've got to go higher!
silly man.
What other people think of you is none of your business.
Babysitting and the kid hates me. They said he loved everyone.
Hi Joann! Wow, thanks for watching! Yes, I will ALWAYS speak out about my life now. God has set me free! How are u feeling?
Put On Your Shades Cuz We'll Be Dancin' In The Flames Tonight.
Hope you have a great session! Let us know how it goes. Have a great day!!
Is the work week dragging? Coworkers won't shut up? Boss is a butthole? Have no fear, console combat monthly is this Sunday!
Good Morning #ucrADPchat and
At Youtube #brandcast with !
Congrats to #SDSU debaters Kristen Everhart and Brittni King! Crowned "Champions of the Pacific Conference" this weekend.
Nyquil literally fixes everything :) RT : I sick.
Today has been cold, but you know what? At the end of the day, it's nighttime.
Can I watch things in my iTunes using my PS3?
you make millions a year so a few bucks for Internet can't hurt
@ lorrie, I don't insist on your believing me
That awkward moment when you spell something so wrong that spell check can't fix it.
and finally.. last years song of the summer.....
This day could turn out to be very interesting.
Yeh right 2 retweeting where's the track I did for you over 2 years ago #bad business
nope! I'm waiting till i'm 21 i got my whole week planned out for my 21st it's gonna be crazy!!!
So awesome! Great a great crowd & everybody was totally rapt. Let me know when he's coming through again!
An ungodly hour.
Writers, check out today's #OfferOfRep stream--agents and writers on the querying process. Some helpful stuff.
follow i will follow back/getting rid of this page
I want cornbread, tots, pulled pork and a fried egg all combined in a delicious skillet of breakfast sadness.
I'm a Mommas boy at heart.
That was '04 I believe when they cut the displacement to 3.0 liters
Don't call me retarded , you started this tweet war.
Ok, so we survived the end of the world. Now we have to do it again in October.. REALLY?? LOL!!!!!!
open a ticket or jump into IRC?
They're playing "everybody jimmer" at this wedding. So awesomely hilarious.
20% off red tag items Men's,Boys, and Big come on in Thurs-Sun
Edge For GM Hell Yeah!!!
My shorts has this one little pocket on the back, perfect size for a condom..you know, just in case. ;) Hahaha
Wonder if can booleg this movie with my mytouch 4g lol just joking
I promise you are not... still in #Colorado!
Freedom Spirit Courage Strength Heart Grace Honesty Therapy…
Ghee I think so,I hope that shit ain't true
Just a reminder - we are closed on Sunday for Easter - Happy Easter!
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained. .....---
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know
You maybe bigger than me, stronger than me, faster than me, even smarter than me, but I can gurantee one thing..You will NEVER outwork me
Lakers are just not doing so hot haha. Too bad.
waw. I'll try to see my schedule if i have show there huh! Hahahahuh! Thanks s support!
planned obsolescence
I'd like to meet someone at a party whose laughing baby video has gotten 600 billion youtube views, and makes their living from it.
So glad Kobe hit that because I was just about to tweet "Where the fuck is Mamba!?!"
*<U+266A>* I'm a Hopeless Romantic *<U+266A>*
That explains a lot
We formed a new religion No sins as long as theres permission & deception is the only felony So never fuk nobody w/out tellin me
hell ya
Playing my bass. I wish I had someone to play guitar along with me.
Come on sign up and Save 40 percent now!! Don't wait ! Time is limited
operation kick it' full effect. Lets see where the night takes us. the best of the best behind the bar tonight petey, kyle, paulie & menei!
HEY GUESS WHAT? It just got better. #LGBT #ItGetsBetter (via )
Seems weird I am allowed to wear stretchy pants to pick up my #MBA grad swag.
unreal how that happened...
I'm hoping rapping Boyfriend is on the DVD. #BigD #DillysRapperName ;)
Congratulations to the American U Class of 2012 and Happy Mothers Day to the women in our lives who keep us safe and warm.
No Shaw? No problem.
I use an iPhone, that's what iCloud is for. :)
It's hookah time.
- Get ready to find the winner! 10 minutes until we announce the raffle winner!
RIGHT SO FREAKIN RIGHT
LOL RT : Creating new incubator camp called "Camp in a Jewish Space In Space" (TM). Jewish Space Camp.
If you are able to walk down steps and u live anywhere below the 4th floor, you should not take the elevator.
I feel so blah today, wish the sun would stay around for a few more hours.
"The Aggies are hosting former Missouri Valley foe Drake in the Sears BracketBuster, Feb. 18 at 1p.m. on ESPNU" Go Aggies!!!
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown you travel for the unknown.
Yup, God is a Tebow fan.
Let's hear it for the first choir rehearsal of the season!
Girl u be killin them
FOLLOWING YOU BRUH.. FOLLOW ME BACK SO I CAN BE APART OF YOUR CIRCLE <uSd>
Reggie Miller elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame
7 more days until the concert. <3
I did love it! Thanks :)
how can a artist be number 47 on the rap charts in the us! no1 in nc for months! they feel like slimgoodie is a threat! still shining!
I have no motivation for school anymore. I just wanna work and make money lol
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Moment by our boys:3
Great. Finally. Geezus that took long enough. Nice.
“ “ I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?””
I still watch it
hahaha well played. It was definitely raining up!
Our company started last June and we have already serviced 200+ in SD. Call @ 619 335 7523 for the best all inclusive prices around.
According to sources, windows at West Allis City hall board up ahead of today's Neo-Nazi event. #westallis #west allis
Your welcome! Love who you are & love the things you do,love ur music too, thanks Brooke for being U!!! =)
Hi Are you using medicated veg oil or the Honey oil made with alcohol? Also if your mix is too cool the oil won't mix well
#WhenIWasLittle the motto was Hukuna Matata and now it's Fuck Bitches, Get Money? K.
i cant! I cant risk internet eyes seeing! Just text me or message me on fb later tonight.
Crewing up for Troma Horror feature film directed by send resumes to
Hilarious! I remember that canterbury poem... awesome Holton throwback. Miss you both!
I need someone to be my text buddy for tonight
Just about to sit down to a dinner of shrimp scampi, green salad, homemade Italian bread and wine. My mom's cooking rocks!
enjoying the first two fights! Front row section 4!!
THIRLLED to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU (Harper/Sept) Galleys avail son!
I hope Whitney's death don't affect the concert on valentine's day
Also, what are tourists?! And who am I?? And, yes ma'am.
- that's what's up. You going solo?
Went to part one of two part workshop with Fern Orenstein. Very informative on the business side of acting. Next week we do scene work.
that sux! I'm with u, school first then fun and hobbies
It's so hard to find a pho eating buddy on Mother's Day Sunday. Wish my mom was here...
Great to have you stop in today!
Soups of the Day: tortellini bro do...Chicken Pastina...ravioli Florentine...Beef Barley...Cream of broccoli...Escarole & Beans...yum yum!!
Oh, you drank one of my Pepsi's? IT'S ON BITCH IMMA RIP YO MUTHA FUCKIN' WEAVE OUT!
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning: waking up to my mom complaining about my grades
Can You Taste Those Nuggets
Last falcon weekly
this tweet made me smile :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT I just don't know how else to explain it!
Wow...Styx and Yes are touring together. That would be a good show.
Aint forgot about u
i drink coffee almost every day, why is it that this one cup today has me wired like crazy?
So... What did ya'll thought of the new episode?! It's my favorite from season 1 (: Hope you all enjoyed. I'll tweet the ratings later. Xo <U+2665>
LOVE it! Thank you do much!!! I put it on my key ring right away.
well sometimes its just better to keep it to yourself lol but I still like you lol
#big year this year
If you are in NY tonight check out at the #NYILFF some friends from Austin produced and directed it!!
But what about your husband??
that link I sent you yesterday wasn't spam
dork yo jaja si como no xp just here working out and u;)
*cough cough* follow me?(:
Bentley is fast asleep, & I'm still awake. somethings wrong with this picture.
Getting our youth's attention via encouragement to stay in school/do better by media entities should be a part of this forefront
Getting started at #metromtg for training with video
After Party at Mr. Brown Lounge....Reggae Music, Jamaican Food & Alcohol, me and my cousins gon get drunk and act a fool
What's up twitter fam?
Never mind the "like" us part....... Automatic response on my part! My bad!
"I wasn't that drunk." "Dude you logged into Myspace"
Show with Farewell, Dreamer and Dead Ocean tomorrow. Pretty stoked for this shit.
believe in your craft .. it will take you further than the ones u started with
It's pouncin' time!
Did they give you his twitter handle?
tape you and jay together to be like conjoined twins:3
your welcome <3
YAY I don't have to pay to see Jim Gaffigan now!
Strugglin super hard on this plane right now
naked Harry is trending! :D xx
RT Arrests have begun! Yes, go ahead & arrest us & cut off our Medicaid services!
Having a rough day health wise. Hey allergies - DIE! And icy hot patch - show me what u got. I need to turn my neck to the right!
An average person has a total of 6 lbs of skin
Wow only 11 PM in Los Angeles but I'm exhausted! Time for sleep, tomorrow we play!!
Yes, #LakeMichigan is awesome! I can hear the waves on stormy nights. Walking the shoreline is peaceful.
ah man, I'm jealous. What are you doin up in NYC?
Holy Shit! This issue of Mens Health reveals what women really want. Finally, some answers!
“: just saw Amanda pushing carts at hy vee still ha” Hahahahaha I miss her!
'con queso' two essential words that add so much to any burrito
So. Sick.
Had no idea logo on my shirt was for Captain America. Someone on train liked it and I asked what it meant. I liked the star and USA colors!
1150 am Daytona RT : Little help! RT Could someone point me to am MRN link that will work on an iPhone? Please
at my cousin cookout widlin out as usual actin hella wild i love my fam & friends...
WOO HOO! GO SAMI! RT : Your first race will be fantabulous because you'll have trained hard and prepared...
lol! It was fierce!
I'm thankful... <3
haha sucks for you ;)
that was frank wasn't it?
We can be friends but dont think we can ever talk again
Big game tonight for the #Badgers. #OnWisconsin !!
no doubt!
That's okay. I got my first at 13: A week's worth of puberty, then old age hit like a ton of bricks!
text me lol I wanna no :-)
If you love someone you don't let them go <3
that is lame. Do you have an iPhone?
Where can I get dry figs around Logan Square? Are there any at or ?
is that FSU tackle still on board? Hoping we go that way on next pick...
I just spent 2.5 hours on the phone w/a tech in Florida trying to get my computer to work and it STILL doesn't. This is ridiculous!
you should text my face !
come to the suburbs sometime!
And, we need 2 pocket folders in red, yellow, green, blue, orange, black, white, and purple. I can easily find red, yellow, green and blue.
Any plans for today? :)
Baton Rouge show Dec. 10th. Manship Theatre with All-Ages!
And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth, it's gonna be on both feet, never knees in this dirt.
Gonna buy Up All Night Son (: but idk to get it from Target or Walmart ? :o which is better -.-
Than you for the follow back :-)
iTunes is so lucky to have your songs! I always buy your songs from iTunes!That's way iTunes is getting richer:) follow me pls!
#StepItUp Rudy Gay, he just needs to get his shooting percentage and assist total up! He needs to be a lot more efficient!
oh damn your into alottaa shows lololololol
I wish I could sing in public though.
Tnx for the great time at Saturday's swap! I'm still full of pie and baking envy. Look for my column on Jan. 29.
Twitter seems to think Junior Seau is dead. Whoa.
it's been way too long...
put your hawk in the sky, move side to side, jump to the left, stick it, glide.(:
just watch.
Is this the new "balcony" time location? Hell of a view.
Dever gets question about transparency on PACs
I'm in the lobby of the Marriott Metro discussing all things school library related. Interested? Come join our discussion!
has this party going... Get in here and have a blast with the NochePdx Crew...
not sure if getting soda for free is actually winning, doh!
Chris Crutcher rocks. Period.
jealous ! jealous ! jealous ! jealous !
doesn't help with my twitter and email withdrawals, but at least I'm still writing and reading. Sort of. In a way, I guess. :\
Don't forget to get that new music pressed into vinyl for those so inclined. Thanks in advance!
thanks! You coming out this year to #AAHHE?
If u feel like ur near the end of ur strength on ur journey,let God carry u the rest of the way(He will)My power is made perfect in weakness
Ima tell you once Cus I'm Gucci three times lol
your are crazy that Profile Pic, ROFL
I like to thank my broz for blessing this track
you'll live. I don't like those programs though. I like the workout ones
new tracks up and new S.I.D. Ent. merchandise in tha store! check everything out
is it at his pad?
Producer-mode ON... For good. Time to fasten metaphorical seat-belts!..
Narrative jujitsu, hahaha
Didn't get to see #TheLastMountain tonight. I hope producers didn't take libertities with the truth like #Gasland did.
DMA has a posse
RT : A super show last night of Bach's Christmas Oratorio with the New Mexico Symphony! Two more...
I've never bought a magazine at the supermarket. Then again, I've never seen a magazine with #kateupton on the cover.
SO im here stuck with 4 other kids TWEETIN' #LikeATrueG (;
I love you but i would still pick mt best friend over you <3
Here comes the waterworks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Yes! Can we add you to our list of attendees then? Thanks so much! :)
!yay .upgrade temp free and explanation ,apology ,refund full a got i .service customer impeccable ,prompt for roommatesDOTcom applaud i
You look just like your picture!
...technology is not my friend today... :(
pretty sure Raburn doesn't deserve to get booed this early in the season.
see you at the Interiors From Spain booth at #hdboutique.Also check our magazine: www.fromspainmagazine.com
This show is going to be monumental...April 29th this sunday i want to see some faces in the crowd i recognize...SOB's 200 Varick st NYC
That said, I'll probably finish it one of these days; just had to return it and get disappointed by it.
Are you in it to win it! I mean life!
God is always trying to give good things to us, but our hands are too full to receive them. ~ Augustine via RT
Got my bourbon goin, feelin good. Don't sweat this Cat fans, I'm in charge.
Nat'l Bldg Museum, Eastern Market, Maine Ave Waterfront, the Awakening at Haynes Pt, Adams Morgan, Tune Inn on the Hill.
At the state of the league, Don Garber put the task of selling tickets on Nordecke. Maybe we should schedule friendlies, too.
fuck you and your loud flocker
#Nationals 6-2 to start the season. Great job, especially without their closer!
Celtics what the hell are u doin. The game is to close for yall to be missin shots ! AH!
im bored and i am done spamming your mentions now ok xoxo mf
please follow back :)
If she doesn't stay on the road
feeling your music, you go hard young! stay on ya grind fam
Add some nuts or fruit to oatmeal to give it that extra nutritional punch!
I heard that a Mahomie is in the hospital and isn't doing that well.
Watching the Canadian tenors perform they r good
I enjoyed last night's exhibition of juvenile dancing at O'Brien's Dancing Academy.
my family says i have the body of a stripper. um, thanks?
followed by ODD MAN OUT! too late for such a good pair
come get your daily smog check up at Moreno Valley Test Only
#FF to our Top Contributors!
You don't know how much i want to scream at the top of my lungs everyday that it gets closer to LIB.
The days I can sleep in I can't and when I can't sleep in I wish I can
did a casting workshop today with Joey Cee from Julie Ashton Casting... twas fun!
ALRIGHT. K. COOL.
email to get on the list starting tonight I have some very strong plays in MLB and NBA and we will kill #Soccer Sunday
Have you ever googled yourself? :] Love you
You don't know how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you or how much I wish you were mine.
Game 2 will be a different story.
If you are new to Jazz, learn these 3 songs. Listen to many diff versions. Summertime. Autumn Leaves. Bye Bye Blackbird. Have fun!
Follow me please... i love always you...<3
Hi, we are a DC-based startup working out of the Watergate. We're market testing a mobile platform can we show you over lunch?
Save on surgery with the new online auction coming to #LPS by purchasing Bid packages as low as $25!
I followed(:
I want to run 5 miles tomorrow morning...
Marriage is full of wonderful surprises...like I wonder where the hair on your head went? Surprise! It's in your ears now.
Nope, we should know more on Frye tomorrow. I assume Hill will continue to be a game-time decision.
I'll go to the grave b4 i be a bitch nigg
Slept for 14 hours. Should I be concerned?
Hold on a second, I'm about transfer you to hell. ~Madea
So tired of this bs .
awesome, so lucky
Holy crap, Jason's movie won Best Short at the HP Lovecraft Film Festival!!!
thanks for the #FF - right back at ya'!
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening.
Shut your dancing ass up Ryan lol RT : smh
Thank u lovely! RT :
MudWarrior, nap, workout, purple yams…all make for a great day
Pls follow me back so I can DM you! :)
When you drink too much water and you can hear it moving in your stomach
congrats on getting added to kiss concert :-)
that was very inspiring. You two would be the new cute coup watching sunsets.
I'm renaming-in my ipod- #madonna's song Gang Bang to Like A Carjacking.
It'll be worth it
nice stories lol. Wats up the names Nick
answer my dm's
#YouGetPointsIf you're a good dancer
Temple Run
That is the first one I've got right in awhile!
:-) Chad I like your Avi ,also the belt ..lol;-)
Super disappointed that the city didn't shut down this morning ;p
1st grade teacher: "are you a loser?" "noo...." "Right, you know youre not a loser."
I got the track back to
LOL Is guilt a good thing? I say it's not.
Sugarloaf Crafts Festival starts Friday 12/5 featuring artists from national galleries. At Cobb Galleria Centre. $8 for adults.
Thanks for an amazing show at the Ryman, and the 2 autographs you signed <3
I just saw the first ad for Diablo I... I may have just had an orgasm... <3
Friend just said, in response to me saying that I was getting up at 4 am to see Kate&Will's wedding-"Y'know,I've only seen that show once."
I see #Belly is trending. Is it on TV? What channel?
Pittsburgh poet Vanessa German says it best: Hate ain't sexy.
Do you have a pamphlet or something I can read? Because that's amazing.
I hate skis, I hate ski clothes. I hate watching people ski on TV, I hate goggles, I hate ski poles, ski lifts and I hate ski lodges.
no not yet :( sadly. thats what im for! to help promote him and get his music out there. please tell friends about him! <U+2665>
Ohio's unemployment rate was 7.5 percent in March, down from 7.6 percent in February.
"She a womanizer,womanizer!" Bahaha. Epic day today...
RETWEET if music is ur escape from reality.
your up early... I just woke up like 10minutes ago, I'm going to school -_-
Everyone, tweet " SWAG " (: he hates that word xD and "grinds my gears" DO IT <3 (: please? I'll love you forever.! (:
I need to start carrying around an extra outfit in my car. I’m pretty sure I get more coffee on my clothes than I do in my body.
turkey burger and wheat bread m lol
can i apply :)
Just rocked it at FMU with her presentation: Social Media 101
ok thanks. Will let you know tomorrow how it goes.
Live Life to the Fullest
Yep. :) Random Veggie Tales tweeting! lol
That's so dumb! They should just go get potatoes or something! Haha
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can. Will Rogers (1879 - 1935)
Im all alone runnin scared,losin my way in the dark.I try to get up and stand in the wind,but i keep crashin down hardTHISISMYSIDEOFTHESTORY
At the Marion County Public Library downtown and this place is amazing.
<U+FFFD>Before success comes in any man<U+FFFD>s life, he<U+FFFD>s sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you temporally forget how to do something and you are just standing looking stupid"
I figured that out- once you have a kid, you forget to imagine that anyone is calling you baby. :)
Do you think it is ok to dress down for class? Or do you prefer to dress up for class?
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one
Out shopping and dinner tonight! Woo!
sweet! Best to you and your family! RESPECT!
Congrats to the Knicks for ending their playoff loosing streak! #knickstape!
Absolutely. Btw, I look forward to meeting you at the next panel. Have a good one!
Pretty sure nobody in Vegas has any idea who Chuck Brown is.
“: lucky” You can DO IT TOO!
Steve and I were just talking about the Rome trip, before kids... What a diff world it was! Besos, we'll toast you in Napa
Are you LPN looking for work in the Tampa Bay area? Send your resume to
can you follou me
Tweet me a # and question for an iconic boy
OK. The first speaker already made me crazy. #TEDxSummit. Crying and basking in the sweetness of the Qatar moon.
This sucks
I hear all these people complaining about long lines...Wait till you see the line to go to heaven...
P.s. You can borrow my textbooks so let me know of you need them
me to... debit card all the way in charolette = no bueno
I am loving Flipboard!
Why has music not progressed to the point where an artist doesn't have stick to one genre?
Cariboo is the favorite game in our clinic also - the kids love it and it can easily be modified to target any skill! ;)
Stuck at 511 followers... I wonder if we can get it to 600. Can you do this for me ? *puppy face*
Its business time.
Please follow us and tell your followers to help out each team member needs to raise $2,300 help us reach our team goal of $40,000.
and other boys, good luck tonight! May the odds be ever in your favor. :)
makes sense now!
Why when Soulja Boy rap , he dont stay on beat ? I dont understand .
CONGRATS TO ON HIS 1ST PLACEMENT AS A WRITER ON TANKS 1ST SINGLE, STARTING 2012 WITH A BANG!!!
I'm mad they had streamers. Like they won the 'ship. C'mon Knicks.
Did you know Las Vegas Fire & Rescue protects 133.25 square miles of people and property every day?
Having fun with Jim Donovan on Surise. He always makes me laugh.
WI loves r u ready 2 "increase our collective impact?"
It's Feb. 3, the first day of
I'm bummed I can't make it to the party - don't even know you kids but sounds like fun!
Just had a Krispy Kreme cheeseburger and deep fried beer (I don't even know how that works!) at the Ohio State Fair. I think I'm in love...
No matter who you are,people are always gonna have shit to say about you..
It's really great that Bass Pro does this for kids. They're Christmas celebrations are awesome too! :-)
That's what I was gonna say. You are a classic gluten intolerant case.
Her name is Amy Flora
I love creepy boys that think it's funny to keep driving back and forth by you as you run in the middle of no where.
You're already hot enough! Us peons will never catch up.
You can imprison a man, but not an idea. You can exile a man, but not an idea. You can kill a man, but not an idea. - Benazir Bhutto
deal :)) and I can also buy you a pie <33
RT : mustache sale @ my store this sat... Anyone coming to Diece with a mustache gets a free natty boh and 10 % off!!
this stupid #bestbuy #motorola commercial is the worst thing ever made. was there not a SINGLE female tech innovator they could highlight?
If far stars could see, what would they see on Earth? That it lives by half, eats, mates, sates, hates by half, while other half slumbers ..
Target will stop selling Amazon Kindle devices - Christian Science Monitor
why does Microsoft Lync not have tabbed conversations?
Chop't has taken salami off its menu and I can't make my faux La Scala chopped salad anymore...this is heartbreaking!
you're welcome. (:
I think the #GoldenGlobes is going to have some stiff competition Sunday night since a new ep. of #DowntonPBS is airing
Got your note. Thank you for the #followback! :)
Worth it! Have my Rob wig and platform shoes ready to go ...
What did you think off speaker at today’s North Luncheon? Share your thoughts with us.
gonna be dj-ing a party using dj sheepwolf. Try it out
so would you get her job if you claimed squaters' rights?
Sounds glorious
Stop blaming me for the reason we don't talk anymore
my phone would be fucked up, thanks to my case and screen protecter, I drop my phone so much!
Netherlands VS. Uruguay 11:30am (live) and again at 6:30pm (replayed)
i Just saw your video of you singing Isn't She Lovely you have great voice.
Playing a live action Fruit Ninja looks reeeeeeaaally dangerous
JUST ANNOUNCED: moves to , Aug 26-28! More exciting announcements to come!
I wanna ditch next period, but im barely passing that class, so i don't think thats a good idea. :p
got my back i see... thanks :D
you interested in teaching Muslim girls how to run a d&d game? Or running one?
ripping off Kimmel for a less than funny censorship bit - yer better than that Chaz
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
I think i'm gonna puke..<U+E410>
haha(: and just a question. why did you get mad when I told dean to dm me back?
Deron Williams needs a healthy center.
With baby out and about and shopping :)<3
We got rid of some gatekeepers, but there's a race for some new ones
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
GIJ has staff duty tonight. Dinner summarily downgraded to pasta salad.
Off to this Rehearsal..then PROJECTS!!!! -___-
lol whenever i show someone a picture i always hold on to my phone and dont let go of it lol
93 civil service jobs moved outside Halifax | The Chronicle Herald
Too many are looking for God at the "big" events. Usually He speaks during the "one on one" times. Jesus had crowds, but invested in 12.
Tried Mass Effect 3 MP. Eh, it's ok. Just like 98% of other tacked on MP modes: killing waves which bores the hell out of me after 5 mintues
An exchange worth following.
First newsletter went out today. Whew. Now to start on the next one.
ITS ALMOST here! March 25th! Get your tickets www.MRCJE.com "ExpreSSion...eMotion is Power..."
Men hate periods too girls :I
One bird down one more to go!!
The concerns of #F1 teams seem to be about their own #security, not about oppression in #Bahrain. They don't get it.
i ddnt see him today anyway
Great Q! WFD focuses on hunger issues in dev countries, but we're collaborating. Hope to see events anytime between 10/16-10/24!
Thanks buddy, I'm super pumped for my first trip to Vegas, full schedule ahead. I'll see you in Vegas if not sooner, heidelberg?
i don't wanna wait in vain... for your love...
Toronto is a great city, I think you would love it! Queen West past Ossington area is the place to live these days, I hear...
#GLEEprom hope this one goes better than the last one(;
Keep your dreams alive, to save your soul, to pull it from the dark pit & give it wings again.
I am #thankful for everything and everyone in my life.
Night peoples! I miss u being on Twitter and being our little boy.. I guess ppl grow up right? Love you!
Thx 4 the follow. Please tell everyone u know, and help us find these guys! Do you love the music? Cheers!
omg cute cute cute! I love them so much. When I need my nails done again can you do the same ones for ma toes??
Uruguay coach Tabarez excited to play at Wembley and Old Trafford
Some great insight about #API construction from Give it a listen!
Apparently 20 minutes of post race analysis wasn't enough. We'll be on a few minutes late.
I'm coming SKC. Sorry I missed the first half but almost home. I see you're waiting for me to score -- here I come.
But that isn't what happened. Maybe less safe bc cops/prosecutors are lazy and go after wrong person. Now we'll never know who.
i need a night of plastic cup politics.
CP3 getting a little agitated out there I see.
30 minutes till I get hype to westside with love II via my iPhone
I have to admit, it's still the closest I've ever parked to something on carson street...
no more working out by myself! ;-) lol
THAT FATHER DAUGHTER DUO WAS THE CUTEST THING EVER. #AGT. <U+2764>
A sad farewell to who grudgingly allowed us to pursue this blog. Naked Truman Capote fans are forever grateful
Night my little tweeters.
same here
im trying to get out off class so i can get down with this
Holly & Mikey <3
victoria angelica acosta loves me! <3
Today is the anniversary of the 40-hour work week. If you like this, go hug a union member (and ask how to join!)
thanks so much. I got my cards in the mail yesterday and they look super hot :)
don't believe a word says. #itsnoteven2weeks so
sad to be leaving melbourne today but excited for a few solid weeks of rest in SD before LAPC. gonna power through this 14-hr flight again!
WE CAN'T GO N THRU DA FRONT DOOR,,, BUT WE WILL GET N (PERIOD)
Great picture! What'd you do in the sun yesterday?
It is a Monumental Monday! Begin 2011 with a goal. Enter the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon. Use code tweet for $5 off!
I go without makeup all the time, so #SorryNotSorry for wearing it today.
We believe this stat. Too sad for words. RIP.
Yes, I am a cunt. But at least people aren't saying that me and my car should be class couple.
The lakers have won 10 straight game 7's @ home let's make it 11 straight
it's time to get a shiny new one;-)
ways going on wit you
I think I'm addicted to caramel macchiatos....
miss you too!
The whole year's plans are made on New Year's Day. <U+4E00><U+5E74><U+306E><U+8A08><U+306F><U+5143><U+65E6><U+306B><U+3042><U+308A><U+3002>
Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom opens February 16th! Be there or you've lost your coolness factor.
that's the only good song.
no dude, I haven't seen that. What's it about?
Hey there- DM us with what it's regarding and I'll see what I can do!
New age slave uprising !
“: App groups > rap groups RT : fuck rapper money, I need iphone app money.”
Got a girl in the finals of #thevoice. Yay! Girl murdered that song. "it's a man's world"
Meerkats over Bats
Lets do it follow our personal pages also and
Behind a bumper sticker this morning. "Thanks Steve, RIP"
First, Rock'em Sock'em Robots the movie, now comes Battleship??? I'm holding out for James Cameron's interpretation of Jenga in 3D!
It was nice meeting you during the false fire alarm this morning! Good luck on your #sxswi talk today.
we love your beautiful office, especially the rotating art collection!
Enjoying a wonderful cup of Rwanda Jomba Vunga this morning! Lots of body, low noticeable acidity. Yum!
any time Brittany! I never could have guessed the impact I would have on your life via pinterest :-)
Don't worry, I'll be back in the Weather Center tomorrow morning for Good Day Oregon!
Awh I've always been dreaming about that, rofl. Im wierd.
If students had access to a device, could the anonymous post-it-note be a Google Form, or Socrative question?
either Murphy's or Boone saloon. Just make sure you play with a band in your similar scene and you'll be golden
hahaha nice did you google him? That's what I'm doing lol(;
That MCAS wasn't that bad
Time to hit the hay z. Feels good to be back. Goodnight <3
I like when you say words. ": Fucking holidays and all this all couples everything shit."
Camren I love you soo much can I get a follow I would love to be a dancer like you
Greatest movie of all time! #SimonPeggVoice RT how do u make this night any better? con air is on tnt
Dental care Assistants can offer after that assistance with obtaining treatment for medication use
iPhone baseball tournaments starting up soon!
Big things are afoot! - that's a good thing!
Holy crap. 2 chainz is still trending?!
When someone says "nothing personal" I still take it personal.
Yes the Mavs are soft. Thats why they were down 15. But Chris Webber is an idiot. The game was over - Lakers/Mavs
Prayers go out to the family & friends of Whitney Houston, I won her cassette at high school dance in 6th grade
depends on whether or not they make you look good....after all they are #mizzou shorts
Great show last night! Thanks for coming out! See you Thursday at the Tonic!
"Soldiers from KS... made 4 widows & 26 fatherless children. Oh, what a sight to behold!" -Tate Letter re: Order No.11, Lone Jack Hist. Soc.
your up bro ...
Winning! We're cheering you on.
Happy Easter!
u smell *
Won't happen again
I was just told to alcoholically fuck somebody up.
on right now!
well I wouldn't go that far, but he's been amazing
#GoTribe Baseball weather! <U+2600><U+26BE> gotta get the dub!
i gonna be a lazy ass and jus watch movies for the rest of the day <U+263A>its monday.
bruins and TT look solid but they can't get lackadaisical in own zone...Philly is pesky and will pounce
thanks for giving me something to do tonight lol im goin to watch ALL your keeks :)
Should I shave my hair? hm
I'm dreaming of talipia, side salad & jumbo shrimp cocktail. Sadly, crunchy fish sticks & mixed veggies on the menu 2nite.
Like tossing a match on a kerosene soaked barbeque - starting a war.
thanks for the RT :)
I can't wait to see Alona on Pretty Little Liars!!!!
Time to hit the ground running. With this weather, how can you not?
good! what you doing for your birthday??xx
have them call us we can talk about what the goals are, and I'll have a few questions for them. 623-255-4088 ext1 9 to 5 mst
this weekend was way too fast...kill me now
#imagine Liam climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
DV's Seattle office is moving in a floor below us this week. Jelly?
Yes please :)
Any conference where participants bring their laptops.
DYK...The first Ronald McDonald House opened in 1974 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
I have a girl crush on Tina Fey. I want to be her when I grow up.
Yess I am jelly
I've wanted the good ol' USA to get rid of pennies & #nickels and start rounding to save money and make things more convenient for everyone.
Things just keep getting better and better.... my testimony in two words:, KEEP FAITH :)
The Art-a-thon is a lot of fun! Only three hours left!
Woke up to what sounds like a pretty epic Easter egg hunt in the neighbors' back yard.
"Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real." - Tupac Shakur-
Get frozen and can't breath.
this indication that American should reconsider grabbing international business more readily is a worthy topic.
University of Utah an incubator for graphic arts genius - Deseret News
CAN IY GET AH FOOT MASSAGE PLEASE!!!!!
Aye everybody is going to be on Oprah's
Extremely tired.
Way to go to my 2 y/o who is letting me virtually attend #ncph2012 #oah2012 today by not being overly demanding.
young man. How's the family? Tell your mom and sisters I said hi. I see you doing well for yourself. Keep up that good work.
If Boston losses against ATL that's pathetic as hell!!! #JustSaying lol
I had her second bell..
CUTE U SEXY CHICK
"gata fiera 2012" Lmfaooo Thought of that randomly this morning and it made me die laughing all over again. :D
who you kidding, honey? we are ALL sweating in this heat. even indoors in the AC.
Its sad my grannie get more love than I do at MY JOB. Smh lol
Just watch Fox 24 hours a day, won't miss anything I'm sure.
Thank u
Learning about using the LC Classification P Schedule.
The Harlem Globetrotters are here signing autographs and taking pictures with our families!
#SmackDown shut up michael cole
You're welcome, enjoy the game! : At the #spursgame with Great seats again. Thanks again
Why do I get so tired so easily?? Just took a 2 hr nap & had dinner & now I'm tired again ??
hey you won't believe it but my work tweet account is followed by Adama himself Edwards J Olmos :)
The great Swing, Soul, and Blues night is this Saturday the 17th. We will have the alluring Kelly Jo Stull hanging from silks.
A relationship should involve two people who respect each others rolls & as equals! If one falls down the other steps up with no question!
Pls RT Join M.O.M.I.E's TLC & the National Council of Negro Women as we celebrate the life of Dorothy Height Thursday 10am
Overheard conversation between two late middle-aged women in Starbucks about Facebook: "I'm getting friend requests and they're nekkid!"
4 Shepherds pie and 2 mac-n-cheese left. Who is going to be the lucky owner!?!
Make today count! Be a blessing in someone's day
Amare out tonight as the Knicks and bucks square off
Thanks! Send me your email and I'll send you are findings.
A new generation of coders
Also note if any one unfollows Ukeychyema will unfollow them as well. This is standard Twitter Etiquette
whats up DOC, you got any word on a good time for me to come through?
It is from before the 2009 season, so guessing Brady would be higher up now
Thanks man. Go Lakers!
after a good night sleep and a run I'm all smiles again!
lol you didn't give me a chance to guess!
I should start doing my math homework. Everyone else seems to care
I on my limit to follow people in twitter. :(
heeyyyy you wanna follow me now ? Yeah no? Kay
GREAT Magazine! Please have a look at Vintage Chic' Cigar LLC; think we may have some numbers worthy of publish...
We love it and hope you win :)
New EVERYTHING coming soon! Whats going on with you?
Bacon bourbon milkshake! RT : Bet bourbon milkshakes would bring ALL the boys to my yard :)
Sitting with and They just traded watches...
Thanks for your support!
The simplest facebook meme: "Sometimes, I just want to copy someone else's status, word for word. Just to see if they notice."
See 's latest tweet?
Activity is the key to success in everything so get moving. Keep smiling. #exercise #sales #relationships #weight loss
Two practices this week for our forthcoming EP! We hit REC with good friend Allen Bergendahl soon.
I had a wonderful long weekend with my parents, & a great time with my mother-in-law on Monday. How blessed I am to have such a fun family!
Happy Halloween Everyone!!
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Ok, a lil to much of a Yankees feel in that one. ;) RT : The flyers win! Thaaaaaaaa flyers win! Homerun pronger =)
"Certain things in life are meant to be understood, others, well let's face it, who gives a f***."
Morning! It is way to early to be awake on a Sat
2nd night in new apt. Love the new place but still not sleeping quite right...
considering the Feds supposed data mining power, you'd think they'd quickly catch the anon email Pitt bomb threat maker
It is a gorgeous day today......happy weekend!
I'm kinda tired :| went at the bookstore to buy the book that just said to me :| Gonna read it later, feel so exciting!!!
Hahahaha productive right there.
Matt, get ready to be surprised.
I love how beautiful is. She's cute, funny and so down to earth. You have all the makings of a superstar. Keep doing your thing.
Unplug a little while since the weather is warmer & the days are getting longer. A more analog-tech balanced life is the life for me.
i wish these clothes would wash, fold and put themselves away! how amazing would that be?
Not soon enough!
Keith Ur-Ben Folds 5 Finger Death Punch
Droid X it is.......just getting 2 know her
#Romney is one helluva front-runner. Having to steal #Michigan delegates from
YAY!!!!! We cannot WAIT!
Thank you for your support, Kate! I am sure your network will have great input.
"Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal." Arthur Schopenhauer
Monitoring on Twitter so I know when I can finally get a popcorn treat in Farragut. Popcorn = my kryptonite. Can't resist.
Am sending Extras to you as well...we had an overage.. Stay Sticky~
So, I never win anything. Congrats the winner of gift card to Beers of the World for #acbw ...
Not even mad. First time I've ever seen a no-hitter from start to finish. Unfortunate it was the #Twins tonight, but oh well
Missed you, too! On my way to L.A. now. Just landed in Honolulu to unpack/re-pack. Take care!
I love having the house to myself....well right now haha
I'm obsessed with my new "Guilty" perfume. Thanks
Lombardozzi walks up to a Black and Yellow remix
thanks for the shout out , HOOOWWWL!
thanks for the follow.
dorm rage. You can have a throwback night, except it's not even a throwback
Cheaters never win
Okay now ladies!!! If u kno u bhadd!! Song will never get old :D
16 Inch Wheels Bargain 16quot Dodge Avenger Chrome Hubcaps- chrome hubcaps
Wake up Niggy!!!!
The Robot Cafe is closed until June 3rd. But dont fret, vending machines & coffee machines are always accessible on the ground & 1st flr
I'm off at 6.
<U+C5F0><U+B300>? Spoiled brat. But yeah, I'll marry you. Next week? Yeah, why not.
#WCIDetroit neighborhood opportunity breakfast
Sharp Chula Vista volunteers donated 40,000+ hours of work in 2011. That's more than $1 million saved in labor costs. Amazing!
your welcome. Really exciting original sound. Cannot describe how amazing Romeo and Juliet sounds from a listeners perspective.
No, false alarm
Good morning Tweets and Fbs!!
When we watch boyfriend video ; " OMG, i'm dying! I'm pregnant now " ! Lmao, only beliebers.
#andrewbird was fantastic. He even played a #Townes tune. Made me smile.
Top Top Natural Breast Enlargement Products Reviews?! #britishbelieberswantboyfriend James Cameron
No but my friend & hubby are going there for their 40th anniversary so I wondered if you had a hook-up!
Study finds that 'Raining Blood' is the best song to start a run to
woww! hey wendy hope all is well. havent talked to you since we had you on our morn show at power 92 chicago
Wait a minute. Cousins can get married in North Carolina but same sex couples can't?
"If you can find it in Wikipedia" (for background), "you can find it somewhere else" (for better source & to cite).
I'm eating brownies!!!
Getting head right now from a ripped black kid who lives 3 floors up. This guy has some serious tongue muscles, omfg. tryin not to cum.
Wrestle Mania was crazy had a great birthday off 2 bed i go school in the a.m.
“: I will never let you fall. I'll stand up with you forever. I'll be there for you through it all.”
Listening to Heather Haas speak about our strengths. Strategic self awareness!
": "karleeelovesyou: I love it! <U+2665>" Thanks bby <3" you're welcome :) love yoou!
what do u wanna hear? maybe some ?? taking ur requests at 877-999-1015
Trivia of the day: Saint Martin Parish is home to the world's largest freshwater river basin, the Atchafalaya Basin.
whenever I would happen to run into 1 of them it was always hugs happy 2 see then & once we exchange #'s, no response. Smh
I really don't understand....I really don't...
Get ready in 20 minutes? Challange accepted.
Loved it regardless. And OMG. Did you read the 1997 version? So "devil wears prada." Miss you Mr. Moses.
sweet dreams
cataloging at job # 2 today and listening to "this book is overdue!"
Congratulations to the men of Kappa Alpha Psi on 101 Years. Happy Founders Day.
This licensing company wanna license some tracks for some commercials and films. i already got enough on my plate. I need another me.
OK, maybe that was a trick earlier...
Republicans aren't going to applaud the idea of more American jobs? Honest to God? Wow.
Totally made SDCC Hotel Reservations our bitch this year. #SUCKIT!
all eye can say is....."one leg" and eye was still close.
Dude dont apologize if u didnt do it u didnt do it
That buffer ain't gonna write to itself.
#stm2012 Big science is top down ; grandees want to maximize impact of budget; sequencing will continue to increase if total costs drops
I aM Water.. is the Mann is My Inspiration!!
have you been to a bulls game?
The January 29th show is going to be amazing! Get yiur tickets now at www.cagestars.com featuring the band Jackie
Really. My next day off is Xmas eve, how am I suppose to get anything done. 9 days of customer service.
Send an email to to find out how you can advertise the sale of your home FREE! First 5 qualify...
Any deals coming up for Admirals games?
awww shit.y'all be gettin ur party on..i ain't mad at cha...tell babe girl I said hi since I texted her and she didn't hit me back
First outing of the season today! Let's do this!
Jason Rogers is heading back to the . Congrats, !
#Bagel Friday on a Wednesday! Thanks you made my morning and its not even 9AM yet!!
"You are what you think about all day long." - Dr. Robert Schuller
Neither of those will need an outline! #Ijustdecided!
#SomeWhereInTheHood a chick Is aborting her child
it says it's an ATO release...as in ATO records? Error? Or is this really happening lol
Ty, enjoy Netflix as much as you can. We just started Ironclad, so far, pretty good
Thanks for the feedback- I thought it would dialogue to shipping. Pay-PAL! *shaking fist* I'll fix it post-haste.
So, the reality that you had as much chance of being elected president as I do finally set in. Go back to corrupting Texas.
The scientist - Coldplay. #Describes my mood
20 minutes in to my 2 hour drive and my cat pissed in her cage........fuck me
ilove ur eyes for real they are pretty!":)
Am I the only one who thinks that the secret service should have all the hookers they want? I mean, I'd blow them all, if they needed it.
thanks my G.The team and I appreciate that indeed.
Smh lol ": I'm going to start rapping again"
thought he was dead
Good Morning LA!!! We're baking!! Check us out on Facebook to see what's fresh out of the oven! Lots of new goodies. YUM. tell a friend. xo
watching double dry socket get filled. Not nearly as fun as your day.
AC reduces fuel efficiency by up to 10%. Avoid using the AC by rolling down the windows at speeds below 40 mph.
-- had an amazing time tonight. Danced my ass off. But, the only thing I woulda changed was if she was here. Oh well. Ill c her tomorrow. :)
Theres a side of you that i never knew. .
thank you! And happy birthday to you!!
follow us !
man turn on THIS! There is some weird Jesus crap on!
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me <3. I hope it comes true :)
Friday NIGHT in da HOUSE!!! Get CURRIED Away and have a GREAT WEEKEND!!!
Agreed. “: Offense has real potential. Oddly enough like where #Huskies are at going into Pac12 play...my optimism justified?”
omg were you watching dancing with the star ?!
Started our famping trip with tomato soup and grilled cheese. #FakeCamping next up, living room tent.
Abstract Impressionism at www.timhovde.com - See the latest paintings!
curiosity got the best of me!!! ;) I'm 31!!!!
What in the world? Longest commercial ive ever seen...
I giggle every time Samuel L. Jackson says "hotspacho".
Pastors spending time preaching against gay marriage when we got states with incarceration rates 10x that of Iran. Mostly black & brown men.
Grab ur friends to rock the red 2nite of reston &watch take the series. Drink specials, huge screen!
Great job Howie - beautifully done!
Still has pink eye. It won't go away!!!<U+E40E>
Don't forget to enter to win some free stuff @ www.fivepointsusa.com
I guess I just took all of the Russians vs. IRA undertones to mean it was a nuke.
I'm breaking up with the fashion industry.
I'm sick for dat
K ask cuz I was just bout to get in oovoo wit her but I missed her call
Fun with signs. A restaurant near my house in Chicago is the Diner Grill. At least that's what one sign says. The other says Dinner Grill.
On my license says donor, saving one life at a time.
I still can't believe you got me this watch
Definitely! I hope he's as funny as Peyton. He was hysterical! His United Way sketch was the best. Can't wait.
Forgetting your charger up stairs! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When people flirt with my girlfriend.
DC: 'Thoreau of the beat generation' and Pulitzer-prize winner Gary Snyder reads at the tonight |
I actually haven't. No one is replying. Would you like to help me with my project?
the game made a career off it!
RT Honesty can keep you safe, but if you can’t be trusted, you trap yourself. -Proverbs 11:6
Finally I can see the sun! Time to walk the lot and get tan :)
Looks like it's just gonna be you and me tomorrow! And our parents :P lol
GO INSANE GO INSANE THROW SOME GLITTER MAKE IT RAIN~ <3 asdfghjkl nick my bby!
They just want everybody on the knicks to foul out
are you still in london? are you coming to visit the us anytime? i miss you!
Whats your opinion on Antonio Gates this year?
Still dreamin bigger than I live.. Just sleeping long enough dream..
Going to go get my fitness on @ Lifetime! :-P
At the Library Drink Up @ Cheers!
There is apple mail it's called me.com. Lole
Hey fans, new team drink is an old fashioned. u know y? Cuz I'm gonna drink a shit ton of them while we WIN GAME 7 BITCHES!!
Great game
LOL at you calling yourself a TNA fan when half your timeline is shitting on them. Dumb bloke.
I wish it was a joke. I really wish...
Thinking happy thoughts: When the Beavers left Albuquerque for PDX, Albuquerque got a new team in 2 years.
I listened to the new podcasts this morning on my way I work. I'm turning into oh my.
Hard work & dedication pays off $$$ school flow .
Put your soft drinks on sale, boys. The cost of a 12-pack is obscene.
:) spam spam spam
": I rather be broke together than rich alone" #Zeetism - tha Evolution
Rooting for Nets to win last game in Jersey & for to take care of business vs Raptors. Could set up huge game Wed. vs 76ers in Milw
oh that sounds lovely! You should do it!
Hm I have to think about it.
| Silly...yes, we believe in fun! After all, how many penguins do you know that wear a snappy green vest, tie and derby hat?
The kool-Aid I made last night...
Morning!! :o You should have a Apple for breakfast.
okay whatever bro you change teams every other year. What's next giants. Packers. Patriots? Such an expert analyst
you could get a start with Can I See Your ID? by re people living double lives
hahahahah... I mean?? Is it just me or did this just get awkward?? Lmao
anyone wanna eat some chicken and watch the michigan game!
And they are now starting to form.. Playing very good baseball in a weak division
I'd feel unloved if my mom got rid of me @ 5:30am every morning
Nicki Minaj is an actual recording artist? I thought she was a comedian impersonating a musician.
Have yourself a #HumpDay treat! Come by the and see what their vendors have to offer!
RT : TODAY: Tweet us the url of your favorite fb brand timeline. Most innovative gets 20% off Pivot 2012
you need to do p?
U can either focus on whats tearing u apart or whats holding u together
Ugh I don't want to be here
“: Being positive does not mean ignoring the negative. Being positive means overcoming the negative.” YES!
Hey it was a great night and I bumped into some old faces too! We need to give you a HD.
Hey all! Sorry for any stray tweets or DMs -acct got hacked, but now is all fixed! Watch out for those spammers, don't click strange links!
En el salon<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Thank you Dawn!
I killed two birds with one stone: found a husband and a bartender in one person. :-) But he can't cut hair.
Congrats to on his induction to the ring of honor, one of the greatest American born hockey players of all time
Incredible visuals. they really compliment your words. inspiring.
Not until September I think. :( Rangers already played them before Will was called up. It will be an away game so I won't go.
thanks for the FF!
#OWIF: We're in the old dining hall of the riverboat; nothing in here seems rusted or falling apart.
It was a fantastic ninth inning for the #Brewers, but in the end, it's another tally in the loss column. Not what we need.
You guys know what Mondays mean at Goldfish??? All bottles of wine and champagne for 1/2 price all day today!
Two job interviews in one day takes it out of 'ya. I will sleep well tonight!
So exciting and inspiring to hear folks from the country's school districts discussing how to improve communications with teachers, parents
thanks for the love!
well... that's kinda funny :p
come to the Burgh Roethlisberger to Lebron all day long.....Tomlin is the man! We can get u a ring!
i rep the KROWN, SRH and HOSTILITY ONLY WAY I KNOW
yea, one of those sleepless nights. Frustrating. Thx!
HA! I hope you're joking. Otherwise, you're severely mistaken.
Hackworth: Everybody who had a little strain or pull is doing well - we should have a full selection to chose from
ay ma dude I appreciate the follow! Now solicit my inbox wit beats!!! Hmu and lets make music!!
No man is rich enough to buy back his past
I'm livin my life like the end is approaching
"Healthy veggie" sandwich from D'Bronx FTW. The name sounds lame, but this shit ain't no condiment sandwich from Subway.
Not at all. What happened to keeping the classics.... classic? All these sequel are unnecessary.
Well, you waited until tea time, so the addiction seems manageable. I think I'll join you and grab a cup.
#bbworl10 Ira Strauss, "34k content items in content sys shared to thousands of courses!" Save storage, save time@ Embry Riddle
#CollegeBaseball is amazing b/c I don't know who Ryan Arrowood is and he just shut out LSU @ Alex Box!
S/O to all my new followers!!
Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments on if Congress oversteps its constiutional authority on mandating health insurance.
Good morning Brittany! Have a nice day (:
Please follow me back! :)
thank you for sharing this is a great project! I intend to keep an eye on it!
I am going to do that right now!
My mother never tires of telling me that I don't have enough makeup on.
Cody followed my personal and retweeted Mira?!!! Am I alive or...
Thanks for the follow. BTW, if you get a second, check out my blog. Thanks, and RT!
if it says its a oem charger yes.... if not dont fuck with it
thank you, but there's no video o:
cityLAB is taking our first steps into the world of Twitter - "Hello out there!"
that is good im going after college to the army
Thanks! Are these the folks from Harvard? For some reason I can't open this from my phone but I will look later! #Appreciated!
Posted at the club spinnin ...err body come fuck wit a nigga at CLUB GROOVE
Perhaps a decent tagline for Apple! "No detail is too small."
NPlz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RT
I celebrated National Taco Day by eating a burrito bowl from Chipotle...does that count?!
happy valentine's day to my favorite #sandiego designer! xox!
National Media talking about #Jaguars? OMG, that never happens
Okay so at 11:11pm i wished for .... Wish denied:'( #ForeverHeartbroken </3 iloveyou so much Kendall! I will always love you!
I was right next to this girl her last name is Spradlin. That is as close as it gets
Come join me at Daley's in Astoria on April 3rd for good tunes and good times. Lots of special guests. Come down! Broadway stop off N or Q
Haha. Good point....
Finally getting around to reading The Master Switch by It's been an incredible book so far... a lot to wrap your mind around.
I've gone to concerts instead of going to prom/having a birthday.I dont want to do anything else
let's give a hand for bad attitudes and secondhand love affairs.
Jello Temptation Strawberry Cheesecake snacks... Freakin' Rock.
For months I told The Son to work on his report gradually everyday or else he'd be up late the night before. We're up late the night before.
New salt soak: Rosemary, Sage, Thyme and Jasmine blend of epsom, pacific sea salt, and dead sea salt.
it'll pay off one day haha.Yeah, you too. I didn't get to stay though :/
PGE says only two or three more hours! Yeah?
been doin good you?
yeah but how many finals has MJ lost???.......NONE! 6-0 IN THE FINALS & 6 TIME FINALS MVP....+ 6 RINGS NUFF SAID
RT : Need a fill inn -___-
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Props to all of the irish ( and the non-irish, like me :P)
Please don't sleep drive!
Follow me
Listening to "Ditty" from paperboy and typing year end reviews... Good times... Well at least the song ;-)
Ill save u.ur two
TV Show I've been watching: Watched Lois and Clark, an oldy Superman series from about 10 years ago.
Negative on sync program. I just exchange both to my phone and put the google feed in Outlook. iTunes I do use.
i am will smith
Wtf?! This is bullshit, its not a new episode -_____+ Oh well, at least I like this one
might even pull the air guitar.
Just got bitched out for parking in an empty church parking lot. Mighty christian of you, sir. Just like what jesus would do.
they are so good. I might save one for you...
just had my first acupuncture adventure with ... combined with today being the last day of my 11 day cleanse, i am squeaky clean!
Wishing upon a star for my #MegaMillions ticket to hit! When I win, I will buy the a World Series!
Were they plugin hybrids? No, wait, wrong campus....
Mark my words, we are taking over the world
FB Fahu Tahi () set to join the Jacksonville jaguars.
last practice with my "teacher" before the talent show D: scared but exciting!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> great!! Sleep well
Running the ceiling fans. Already. What's up with this humid, hot weather??
Lmfao guess I should change my bio u know cuz I'm 14 and not 13 anymore :')
i moved away !! but r u trying out this weekend?
So gross! Lol
Hoping I packed enough black for
someone brought me a six pack of beer. all my vices under one roof...
"Bring me 4 fried chickens & a Coke"
Used to think love was all I ever needed, clearly I was wrong though; Lately loves getting deleted, they must be all cut-throat
Believe in yourself! It is the nature of man to rise to greatness if greatness is expected of him. - John Steinbeck
Big Data presentation today in NYC. Any other peeps in the Big Apple today?
Mitt Romney has a great challenge ahead of him in this election year
Drive sober or get pulled over.
you are just steamin
I love my mom. That is all.
MNA SISTER IN THE ROOM WATCHIN THE BABY
Now my neighbors are singing opera.. /:
check ya email jo
To Lady GaGa's Concert Born This Way Ball :D
im in!;DD
I wonder what christopher doing right now
Thanks for the follow.
A guy about to get back in his car just offered me his parking slip w/ 1.5 hrs left on it. Unexpected appreciated
With all the fab winter squash available, my baby food maker is abuzz with inspiration! Delicata roasting now...whats everyone else making?
my mind is blank. I can't think of a better tweet than this.
People change and forget to tell eachother.
Tremendous and full great memories! Look forward to seeing what the year has in store for us. You? RT How were your holidays?
Watching a PBS Great Performances of Tony Bennett's newest duet album as I work on my National Board renewal. Absolutely beautiful.
F.O.C.U.S Finally-On-Course-Until-Succeeding
Definitely watching The Bachelorette tonight. Proud of so far! Thank you for not looking like a crazy.
When you #workfaithfully, how do you feel you impact those around you?
Looking forward to SANS 2012 in Orlando next week. Facilitating SEC504 for Very long days but always an amazing experience.
Thank you Mushi for the info about Spirit Day..... always helpful!!!!(#####)
You've engaged 4 nannies in the last 6 months. All while wearing such fashion (red smoking jacket, flower appliqué house coat)
haha... i saw it was only like $10... do you have to reg. to run with folks? example, if I wanted to run a couple hrs w/ u all.
I need help!! Lol Should I plan my FRIEND<3 a bday party or a nice small dinner? btw, either way im probly staying the night.
By Love and Art Scarred just won an award of merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Festival of Hollywood!
: Are we doing Amir's birthday party tomorrow?
Now that is something to get excited for! Can't wait to see what Consuelo has up her sleeve! RT Marni for H&M Coming in March
If Google is making us stupid, we would have been stupid anyhow.
“: Literally loling at your 96.3 post on fb. Cherries? hahah” that wasn't me that was probably
Friend of a friend builds them, but they didn't have the staining, point markers, or size of our deluxe finals board. =(
can't wait to read it. :) how many more chapters are you planning for #ICHA?
I think that is a good idea.
WTF is Fergie wearing? And why is she clapping like a seal?
Is my Travy Bear. :)
Everyone dream big tonight!! Goodnight!
LOL good game to watch so many FT's missed
Not at all. RT Rather conflicts your single delegate rhetoric, don't you?
Gun Owners Action League rep on 2day trying 2 make case prop MA Common Defense Law diff frm FL Stand Your Grnd
agreed. If using a separate mobile framework, technically we could do it-- but becomes blurred with #responsivedesign for apps.
everyday 5 people post your slow jamz vid with on my FB feed. Nicely done!
Hi Eboni! Great to finally meet you in person on the One Love Cruise! Blessings...
Yes I do believe
Hey CK thanks for follow, looks like you're making some headway good for you
Very nice! What was the opening?
where is your obligatory "Finals in the USA" post?
I guess isn't gonna do her tweet attack :[
#Dodgers tie it on the single to left after the catcher drops the ball, but what an absolutely amazing throw from
LITTLE DO THEY KNOW YOUR GIRL...ROLL HARDER THAN SUM OF YOUR N***s
Blowing off a trip down to the mall for #earthday to garden instead seems appropriate
The end of summer does not have to mean the end of FUN! We still have a few days of our Yellow Tag Sale left!
my buddy's dad, Charlie Waters, wore #41. He broke the mold for #DallasCowboys wearing that number.
Well Paint Me Purple And Call Me Barney!!!! This aston martin is mine
It is friday and everything is happening
o ok
Vera just Alt +F4'd me! IM SO SALTY!
Is there a reason Bobby Massie fell this far? Figured he'd have went in the late 2nd.
#cosign QT : but the food is awesome.
RT : I'm twisting a haystick into a heart shape for SOMEONE SPECIAL! So that he doesn't freeze to death. I'm sentimental...
Three hour Online TA meeting this morning.
if you give me a shout out will give you 1( and ToastRedCarpetLive event)
thanks. Even librarians have lazy web moments :-)
March 24 430 to 6pm my daughter is having a spaghetti dinner and concert 615 free will donation to go to New York in July.
same! lol that's why I'm trying to get Austin to come here! haha
Who's wearing our kicks? Send pics.
Hey I sent u a DM regarding the GB game in SD! Thx!
watch it, its really good so far actually. No lie.
Seeing the beautiful library spaces of NYPL makes returning to my Dismal Cube even harder.
Some people will never understand but maybe overstand...
Marathon recording session at studio last night! saw the sun come up and now FOOD!
Thanks for the follow. Hope to see you opening day May 19th
Stand Down event outfits veterans for survival - Northwest Herald
Where did you learn that?
boys can dream, right?
where do you guys want to watch it? I've been in Chem. mode all day today adam!
": I need a double shot of sumthin"me how bout that what u think
Etta James, dead. Play "At Last" and sink into the voice.
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
When will Outlook Contacts have a space listed for a handle and skype ID?
hmm thought I was only tweeting him, got any insight? is there a way to private tweet, since he doesnt allow prive messages?
Thanks for your kind words, Brandon. Let's make it happen!
I miss flip phones I use to text so fast without lookn lol
Come down to #PalsLoungeATL this Saturday Night DJ Lynnee Denise will be spining from 10pm to 2am. No cover
Oh I think the future of the building and the file are tied together. IF and I know it is a very big IF Ald Bauman
It's May folks and Memorial Day is right around the corner! If you know anyone looking for a great deal on a mattress this is the month!!!
I can't find that toy. I lost that toy 18 years ago!!!!
Work tomorrow morning. Boo. But, I might get to see a special someone named ? Maybe.
do you trin disaled persons in electric wheelchairs
batman and robin in a science class haha
Had to do some Tweeting. Working on many things, stay tuned!!
okay I get it lol
Change is also a training ground for leadership
Boutta cop up some new kicks though.
well 1 time and that's it :p
If the extreme campaigners against common sense continue we will have an all out "Religious War."
MLB Capsules - Opening Day: For openers: Strasburg, Scully, flamingos, Fielder
wish you were coming with us.
lol i love you.... beetches be crazy :p
Where the beat is sweet & the jive is live.
that should be removed as well for you.
Hey!!! I'll do that! I checked out the first couple but have to catch up with the latest. Talk Soon
Good Morning Crazy World!
This is week 2 of la savings!!!!
Wuddup twitter? Long time no talk
Apparently, getting pampered all day makes for a very tired pup... I guess we will have to put off our walk for a little bit.
Was asked for a recommendation today for a place to get a manicure. Genuinely not sure if I should be flattered of insulted.
#thankyoucody for teaching us to be classy and changing my life around<3
he's plugged into everything. We'll be sure to share if we hear anything first. cc:
please follow me so I can dm you about one of your posts on =]!
#Mediacom sounds dick-ish right now
when u wanna get abused in tennis?
Thanks to pizza, New York City serves more vegetables than any other US city!
Wen a boy u like is taken but u noe the girl he's going out is a slut or cheating on him u take pics show proof ruin everything!!;)
#rcdlc Bye Orlando! So happy to head back to NM!
Rumor has It!
Can you dig it? =)
wow! Just not worth it to me or my family..glad your copping my dude hope your safe bro
Tonight's intermission food topic: Beef and Broccoli or Chicken Pad Thai?
“: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!” <3
Sometimes you have to take a few steps backwards in order to step forward onto the right path.
where's my tweet? I asked why the troops march for Ron Paul at the white house wasn't covered in the news???
Schefter reporting that PM has narrowed it down to Cards & Broncos One source told Schefter that PM is leaning toward Denver
#RelationshipsShould be a class in High School so many MFs don't know what the hell they be doing....
A Mexican jockey won the Kentucky Derby. Happy Cinco De Mayo!
well like I said, it would probably cut down the j*******k population, only j******kers left will j******k for an unlock.
I swyped my middle name and my phone recommended asian, anthem, sperm THEN Allan...fail
thanks for taking it easy on us. Your guys just seemed tired tonight, definitely not 100%
Had a great weekend and now another is upon us. Back to rehearal tomorrow...
Power just went out at costco...
Yes. Why on Earth would you want Brandon to win?
Dear Twitterverse: I stand corrected. Say what you want, but Raven-Symoné is a STAR.
Obvi, we're the ladies...
#boo I'm so bored
Has anyone watched "NBC Nightly News" lately? Morphing into "RockCenter w/Brian Williams."
Rick Ross makes me laugh. rhyming "a-hole" with "a-1?"
So are you guys playing after the Nuggets game on Sunday in Denver??
Don't feel like arguing with his ass early this morning
hey u hairy bastard..follow back and i'll let u sniff my butt
I NEED TO CALM DOWN BEFORE I HAVE A FREAKIN' HEARTATTACK.
"Midnight in Paris" had a good weekend - US gross $46.9 on 471 screens, global $80.4 - VCB did $96.4 - with $16m to go, it's his global best
while we hit the club no shoes whessup
Thankyou. I don't h8 you I just want my stuff back 2 ! Lol.
On this day back in 93, I was traded from the RedWings to the Kings. Being apart of a team which included
What would you rather vibe to as far as music goes? High quality shit on a stick? or low quality Genius? ... I choose genius
Banging. Bacon. Eggs.
I always wonder what it would reli feel like if u was flying high in the sky
Loving this rainy morning! Sitting here with a nice warm cup of coffee listening to the downpour, definitely miss this from time to time!
I'm getting into it
Ppl be really dealing with things in their heads like clients I've come across that hear voices & they try to harm themselves
Eat for cheap! $6 for a Sinfully Delicious Sandwich and Fries ($12 Value)!
Why "save the best for last" when there is more best to go get & go around? There's plenty of "Best" to be had/received, so take it now.
hhahahaah kid ur tweets jus had me rolllinnnn!!! nun like a cig after a hot pocket and an ice cold tonic
Hey Saturn, suck it. Today is Earth Day.
Enjoyed meeting you yesterday. DM me your email if you would.
One of the reasons I moved to Mpls: I saw a MayDay. Follow em. MT : Goal: 2 get 2 1k followers by end of
Today I need my own under eye cerium! The Mom taxi was on the freeway for 2 hours taking kids to school & work. Now 5 hours of work+Cleaning
#FridayReads THE HUNGER GAMES by Suzanne Collins. Yes, I jumped on the bandwagon right as it starts full-speed ahead!
Nice! Those Draft dinners are great. I still have a mini helmet signed my MJD & Marcedes Lewis when they were Rookies
Glad I don't linger or hold on to shit frm the past -relationships, sour friendships, flighty feelings. I kno ppl broken beyond repair
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Mother Teresa
"In the Jungle" was just overheard in this office. It's definitely Friday.
boy, the things i wish i could tell you;;</3
Incense burning means I'm gonna have a great night sleep :)
Hi Laura! just wanted to introduce myself on twitter & say that I'm so excited you're going to be on the 2012 board.
you can do it girl! lets get grown
Tami tryin to forget her past
last post was by request! cc
If you could see that I'm the one who understands you, been here all along so why can't you see; you belong with me <U+2665>
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
it shouldn't be the much since it's coming to the states. I'm on my way home
Chief Meteorologist Tom Sorrels joining us this morning. And lots of events to talk about. Who's going to the Leesburg Bike Fest?
make sure it's with an "a"
I'm in love with my bed (:
Can’t wait for the legendary to emcee the CODiEs tonight—sure to be a treat!
U wron Cc skip finally won, u said the man couldn't play! Period. In the league! Now what! And there are different levels of competitive grt
thanks for the music love!
All we can do is stay positive.
Shooting a spot for #Dell today and tomorrow with
I just took my longest (unplanned) #twitter break ever! I am so glad to be back!! happy friday :)
my bento by zojirushi arrived yesterday. The design is so efficient. Will tote today.
Jk still cute
Parker Brothers prints an average of 50 billion dollars worth of Monopoly money every year
As usual, I'm STILL up. Just gonna stay up, no point in just getting an hour of sleep on the last day of school.
NUTS! (but great!)
Ur welcome! Im really upset bout it too.
This particularly rapid, unintelligible patter isn't generally heard and if it is it doesn't matter.
Safety Tip: Be sure exterior door hinges are on the inside & not the outside. Intruders can remove pins & pull the door out of the frame.
Feel like I can't say thank you enough<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>-it was amazing to see ! Hope one day to come back & appreciate longer.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
hello internet, do people still use myspace to look at bands?
Its fine.. im no one anyway
we think you'll dig it.
I'm making my computer say dirty things<3 It never fails to make me laugh.
I just need to give her a shoutout..she's on some real ish! Love it mamas!
Nl2 - take you down lbs
Not a sponge bob fan :(
Congrats to a former intern and short lawyer tweeting tonight. Love the handle.- Jeremy
horrible fucking dream dreaming that your boyfriend died in your arms & crying in your dream </3 WTF Now am sad as fuck.& its not even 7am
RT“: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people, "Alright, get in the basket.” << Lmao!
ugh! screw doctors and hospitals!<'3
And yes it's adapted from the books, but the screenwriters are doing a great job. Novel dialogue often comes off awful onscreen.
Sonam -"yo pick that shit up the coals on the ground" Aditi- * grabs tongs and picks it up* "yo wtf it's an Oreo" LMFAOOOOOO HAHAHAHAHAHA @
I'm late to first period almost every day
You'll see the replays for awhile. elbowed Harden in the head... dirty. Suspension coming.
SHE MISSES U OMG lol :(
I FREAKING MISS <3
morning guys: D
I stole robin a blue french horn, and I love her.
lol kick off those Sunday shoes?
BRICS. Definitely. Even if it's below zero.
“: Are any of my followers going to Bonnaroo? :)”
omg. what joke!? hahaaa
RT : RT : Showing off the future of East Hollywod: the proposed mini park & community garden on madison!
Kindof amazed ESPN didn't get a better angle of Harper's steal of home. Seems like TV crews should make themselves a Post-It: watch this guy
Looking forward to seeing everyone at our kick-off party at the Brazilian Court in Palm Beach on November 19th, 2010.
": I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to."
Since you guys are dating now, me and are going to go to 's choir concert, and go crazy :D
why moving bac especially as cold as it's about to get whoa, never would leave paradise for a sewer again lol good luck ma!
Where do I find this at?
no fuck u stay awake now
just put in that work... nobody cares about who's related to who... let your work speak fam, it'll pay off, just be patient.
Why wasn't I born in the 80s!?
haudricourt always thought it was weird for a guy with the last name Ishikawa to have such an American name
Chillin, on skype with her, going to the movies later.
loved seeing you last night! Hope you enjoyed the wines! And how good were those scallops? Yum!
A true gentleman. Thank you kindly sir for your chivalry.
you are so right Wheels. Love your play-by-play. Thank you.
appropriately named indeed. They said he was named that bc the owner always says that after his wife gives him "cookies"...
The clapping/not clapping, standing/not standing pomp & circumstance aspect of the State of the Union is fascinating.
Follow me Christa!:D
Looking for new clients in the insurance industry. W.mwishartinvestigations.com W.mwishartpi.com
We've got a chef's menu for Valentine's Day Feb 11th, 12th and 14th. Make your reservation today!
Supplements can mean all the difference in your dog or cat's health. A teaspoon of oil on their food can help eliminate shedding & itching
e me so thank you for the inspiration(: <U+2665>
Gonna finish this essay today!
RT : #phish #umphreys listening to mikes sit in with umphreys - haven't blown a load so quick since I first heard SCI's rivertrance!
I am listening to a loop of the Enterprise D engine room background noise, LA police band radio, and ambient space music simultaneously.
Dogs have sensitivie ears-remember that when playing the TV and music.
When are they going to run an NBA Cares about good refereeing in the NBA Playoffs?
Boo for canceling
RT : These women on Extreme Couponing are so fucking irritating.
March 1st & 70 degrees I'll take it. You shouldn't take a poopy yard or yucky litter box, 1.800.DoodyCalls. $20 off your first month.
Oh wait.... She doesn't have a Twitter.....
2nd to last shift at Changs tonight. Thankful for the job the last year. Still throwing shoes and uniform off balcony come Thursday.....
you still out of town??
thankss! <U+263A> and lmao that's gonna haunt me forever. It's a good thing I can take it as a joke now lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Is Kristen on twitter?!?!
#justice4trayvon please retweet this or share it. justice for trayvon, miller!!! we cannot afford to be quiet
heyy ppl go follow , , and Thety follow back + they're awesum!!
make sure to vote for campus cutie roman nelson for #homecomingking on WIN before midnight!!
oh ya very nice
Enough that you love me. World get someone else. <3
So pissed about today's NC vote results. Happy I don't live there anymore. Sad for those who do. …Texas is probably jealous.
Crowds Surge for ‘Day of Departure’ U.S. Discusses Plan for Mubarak to Quit
RT : Top 10 #ACA Wins for #Kids #7: #Medicaid will cover more #parents - research shows that = covering kids.
Nice. Clearly ready for the hard work of learnin'.
The greatest of our evils and the worst of our crimes is poverty
Lmao they get so annoying at times!!
I need an incredibly long vacation.
testing algebra tomorrow. fucking great. ima fail.
Hah if that. I jus had a nasty lil spurt. Cudnt get motivated to take ova mane
I dont mind (:
New photos and credits at #www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
Sorry if i bugged anyone with that retweet session. lol :)
hey you wanna go chalking? like in an hour?
Get Cinderella never declined a ball!!!!!!!!!!!
Duke should offer any amount of money to Christian Laettner to make him change his mind about coaching.
Social Media Tip: Market to your target audience! Make sure the you post content appeals to your ideal customer. Don't spread yourself thin!
Deadwood set is Amazon deal of the day for fans that don't already own it.
Small suggestion: when you make an online instructional video, don't cast someone with a lisp who doesn't know how to use a mic.
Great progress toward our kickstarter goal today. 67% funded headed into Portland Boat Show tomorrow. THANK YOU
No power. Now THIS is traditional publishing.
Guy fights >>> girl fights
Anyone looking for a Korean translator with military and court translation background? You can contact me at:
Sometimes it gets big consequences for someone to stop doing dumbshit.
That's pretty cool yo that u make up stuff.
so... Does that mean it went well?
Did you know that there's an #ImprovementZone Twitter account dedicated to health & fitness? Check out :-D
What is up with this trend from producers not tracking out and mixing beats? Niggas just rappin' straight off the MPC file huh? smh
The now lead #Canucks 2-0 in the playoffs! #Lakers, #Dodgers victories coming up real soon!
I should start making all of my first dates at the gym. That way if they're bad I've at least gotten my work out in.
It's such a beautiful day for a ball game!
Better than I'd do, that's for sure!
is not wanting to get up!
Just wait until failed #NFL hopefuls start showing up in droves to your local #crossfit affiliate. $ ain't seen nothin' yet.
up Ron C
Watching the office for the first time trying to get over my fear of sitcoms
#WhyDoiAlways think about making ppl laugh and vagina
apparently the high for today is 77. instead of sunshine i'll be chillin inside writing a paper about childbirth.
Why did they have to unmask you guys? So steamed.
Bulls v. 76ers 35-26 at halftime? What an exciting game!
A new beginning....
youre a good guy. You seem much happier either way. Sorry and congrats.
Live tweeting #mmtcforum along wKristal High of !
#rvagptw Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build or deplete trust - from Great Place to Work at Snag-a-Job today
I've been in it since I was 7....I think. :)
New on tonight.
“: I could eat a dick im so hungry #nohomo” how about 2
#Bacon...that is all.
Please support #smallbiz, #startups & #entrepreneurship in the U.S. by passing the
Of course you can! You will be great!
Packer fans watching the fiesta bowl: when oklahoma st is on d keep an eye on #10 safety Markelle Martin
did u get that email? Coffee Mon or Tues? Im back Sunday night.
I bet the other munchkin in the fight looks worse
I automatically hate that bar.
“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” - Helen Keller
oh i feel
Pirates always lure me into being hopeful for next season...though the core is there on offense...need a nice cleanup hitter and 3 sp's lol
Macy's day parade! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The game starts in 45 minutes. Normally I would have been in a hour ago.
thanks! The first behind-the-scenes trailer for #Thor will be released in the coming weeks!
now that we have your #attention, anyone that you want to share the love with? we got the hookup on the new flavor
Whatever floats your boat! Ahh I can just imagine the outcome! This is just gonna be wonderful!
LMAO you Late af but yeah she gettin bigger every time I see her
WILL U GET AUSTIN TO SHAVE ME PLEASE.
Some of these kids have awful names.
- - Monica is amazing. You can tell that she is truly a genuine person. :)
I Love how he keep my body screaming...A Rude Boy that's Good to me, with street credibility.
It's never too late to make a career as a b-boy
Food Truck Friday, anyone? I'm going no matter what.
My heart has been crushed, broken & swept into a dumpster.
love you and miss ya. Hope we gave you a proper send off.
I LOVE U JUSTIN BIEBER <3<3
23 days, congrats! And CA? Wow, that's a change! Job? We lived in hotels around Europe for 2 months & then settled in Sweden :)
Thanku for your prayers
Bored here at work<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 70
Special morning shot out to the very angry guy who just tried to fight me over a cab this AM.
Who Tryna Drink!!?
I'm not gonna hate, some of songs go hardd ..
A week to relax and not think about any stress!!!
Making an apple pie, which is my least favorite pie, but the joke is I love all pies the same.
i might be interested michael.
males number 1 sensual spot is to kiss his neck and earlobes up and down
got my #marchmassness on with #teamgettinbig watch out
FOLLOW BACK PLZZ
can't wait to meet her!
On Jan 23rd the passed a resolution to sign on to Move To Amend effort calling for Constitutional Amendment!
Steven Tyler, you're not going to Hollywood.
I am testing ALL of your chard recs! So far, crispy baked chard is my new favorite topping. Also, chard does not work in a rice mill...
Hey 's pretty much changed my life :).
Glad to know you and the house are intact. Hope dinner was yum. Enjoy making it a terrific Wednesday!
Congrats on the new gig, Miranda!
Chillin in NY...
I'll fix up when back in the vice on Monday! Thanks! Cheers!
you're welcome Buckets.
I love playoff hockey. Go
are tthe mets actually wwinning right now?
tweet test
Bored as fuck
Snowed today.
i somewhat need a Guide to Exchanging Phone Numbers with Mutual friends' friends Etiquette book
Maria!!! break a leg!!! not my cup otea, but wish u best of luck! think of me is you need original music!
Far from good not good from far
Its nice out. Feel like I should be doing something productive... Like drinking.
Traffic is slow 465 west b/t 31 and Michigan
Knicks beat Clippers tonight so if Grizz win their last game they get home court adv. in 1st round!
I hate when I @ somebody they don't hit me back but still tweet that makes me see <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4>
please do because I was wondering about that
You are welcome Melissa!! The support is getting even bigger.. All the Dream fans are realizing you all are back!!!
cebook page and like us.
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Are you ready for live #comedy at the #strand near #indy? Good causes!
i don't even know what to say after watching that...
Let's do the Monday after next. The 25th.
Just made an Elvis Costello reference to a student and she said "Oh wait, I think I've heard of him..."
Question: How do baseball players stay cool? ** Answer:Sit next to their fans.
I am not
I keep saying to myself W.W.J.D. - What Would Janet Do !
I'm prepping for a course I teach today at Johns Hopkins on "Spaceflight and Society." We are discussing the history of the Space Shuttle.
“: I've got a warm bed and Ferrero Rocher chocolates right now. Life is good.” throws a bottle of wine at you
It truly is a sconnie world.
Sneak peak of summer weather today! What's everyone doing today? Pool? Grand Prix?
Dirty bitch dirty bitch you needa a washcloth & a razor and a and a razor !
: Talking's good, especially in Paco's little get-togethers, if he still organizes them.
Yeah. Feeling almost normal now... Little bit of a headache
I'm about to just tell him I'll see him later
I do not want to clean up our hotel room this morning :-0
Im still new to this twitter stuff! What is DM? is it a direct message? LOL! Can't wait to talk-lots to catch up on!!!
I see motherfucker!
Featured country music star ERIC CHURCH will be performing on the EQT Stage Wednesday at 8 PM, with only an $8.00 admission!
fat ass
To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul
Opps. Give me some??
If you come by the Ustream, hop in to the chat and say something. Otherwise, im just sitting here surfing.
oh probably. We are now those annoying people on twitter everyone hates
Hahaha, who would've done such a thing? I mean, really, literally
Join us in thanking and for making last night's fundraiser, SHINE possible! It was a very successful night!
If my ambition or lungs could permit it, I would travel the world stopping only for coffee and cigarettes.
Peppers kind of afternoon
These spammers tweet some really weird stuff
HI :D
as long as you're eating meat these days, i promise you'll enjoy :-)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
I hope comes to NYC soon... Roman in Moscow= new fave song... How about Nicki in New York as next single??xD <3
LOL too much I cant breath... :D
<U+2964>Reminder<U+2962> We only follow #creative folks. Thanks, <U+2953>#TheMovement <U+2744> welcome #newfollowers:
surprisingly, not all librarians know who they are either!
That's right, two for the price of one! See you there!
GOOD LUCK today!!!!!
getting ready for KW's reunion — leave bright and early tomorrow!
Theres nothing on tv
In the study, seniors took memory tests in both inconvenient locations, and familiar locations
Use my Mac Office upstairs for running my sites.
Rose has a torn ACL.
Thank you both for the lovely chat!
": #blackparentsQuotes: slap. DIDN'T. slap. I. slap. TELL. slap. YOU. slap. TO. slap. CLEAN. slap. UP? MOVE YA HAND! slap"
you don't think the availability of cheap refined food that is nutritionally deficient causes obesity?
I want another "apple turnover".
great thanks! and keep up the good work over there!
:O What if toured with
sad day
Dipping my toe into the twitter universe. Or is it better to jump in? One, two, three - here I go!
Gotta love that feeling! RT : There is an old school station on at the office. I feel like I am back in junior high :)
is that back on???!!! I have to wait until Monica leaves to watch Shark men and Tuna Wranglers. #secondtosopranos?
DJ Cyn Spin for now on Thursday's at The MotherLoaded Tavern!! Tonight music starts at 9:30pm! Come get Crazy!! Holla
You mean by parents? MT Neuroscience shows adolescent brain is still developing. Should influence the sentencing of juveniles?
Worst part about the Scary Cow Film Festival? I couldn't play with my new smart phone.
If you had a chopper in the car, the bus would be the least of your worries.
I like it! Thanks, Michael.
It should be noted, using the men's bathroom should be reserved only for females who wizz faster than men. You know who you are.
hey beautiful. Hope the day is goin well ;)
can you be a lil more optimistic please ,haha
I like to see what's happening on all of them (media OCD). I'm not even watching anyway
nice shot
Drinking zenith in an empty 424 with Roy and Alisher. Love this place and these people so much.
Working late revising the script to reflect the ACTUAL LOCATION: Exciting, frustrating, challenging.
We are reliving our first date.
Interview for MCC then camping with my best friends! :)
The end of "Mercy, Mercy Me," always trips me up.
Got some new ink yeah its official I'm an addict but tattoos are the best drugs
Tested a new locator map in Mexico - went to enter a city, first that came to mind was Juarez. (Looking down, shaking head.)
I should be taking advantage of this gorgeous day, but way too tired after dancing the night away at the Brants most spectacular wedding!
Baby lemme put my body on your body. Promise not to tell nobody cuz It's bout to go down.
Yay!! In-house attendees!
haha we got arch bishop curtiss
my mommy is mad cuz im dressing up as a MALE performer....Ozzy Osbourne! (:
kcsirochman: #sla2010 please DM me if you know how to search for specific sessions-really wish someone would organize them
Man, I hope the USA can come back and win the Ryder Cup. I am tired of watching Ian Poulter face and Fist pump .
Just followed! Checking it out online. Thnx!
I had my homework out for 3 hours already but still haven't started reading. Where's my motivation?!
Testing microfilm and film to determine vinegar syndrome levels today. Happy to do #archives work, but dreading the outcome.
Lessons learned #3: Sweat the small stuff: clarity/commitment with buyers re volume, delivery, good driver/staff training.
how do you do these tricks with out fall of your skateboad
that was a signature tune. Though I'm glad you know Nyro at all.
Want to make a deal at #RECon12? Use the hashtag #REConDeal & will help spread the word!
Doesn't change the fact that a pitcher can look at it and think "I did alright." Very important for a guy like Buchholz.
Can you give us one final parade day forecast? Then you need to warm up your candy throwing arm!
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz? Write a marketing plan w/a budget 4 the year. Avoid surprise mktg costs.
for the lick lmmfao them busted hoes
Hey you need to wake up. is the best sport in the world.
a) you're my zone bud b) there's not a single table here c) but Kim is!!! Get excited.. See you soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
August 27th! Details soon! Hope to see you there!
#BoardwalkEmpire was AMAZING last night! Didn't think they could top last week. Absolutely brilliant! Still disturbed by the Oedipal scenes
I Know You Dont Smoke, But Ima Get You High Today ! Cause It's Friday, You Ain't Got No Job & You Ain't Got Shit To Do Lmfao
RT if your name starts with Alex *cough* *cough* (;
looks amazing tonight!!!
...But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and it’s fuckin’ awesome" -CG
Live, no doubt. It translates to a big stage like this better than any other brand of hip-hop.
Hey stoned one...
Might be one of the dumbest things I've ever heard. Based on absolutely no science whatsoever. Just Ken's theory...nothing else.
Craving for some subway
thanks for staying true to your gift!
You gotta start cheering for the home team. Miss you!!!
Do more than is required of you. -George S. Patton
is chill ill tell you later in private haha
I just finished writing my cousin's obituary and it has me thinking of my own mortality and the legacy I want to leave behind
Watch a highlight video from American University's 126th #commencement. Congrats to the Class of 2012!
Nugget Nectar is keeping me happy during this Penguins game
I've been using Dropbox for a couple of years now. Unless something comes along and just destroys it I'll stick by its side.
Yeah!It's like 5:00AM and I can't even sleep! Oh, and I saw Kendall and Kylie Jenner when I was going home from Wango Tango
My mothers hugs consist of falling on top of me with arms wide open.
I admire his evasive genius, though. He seems to be able to avoid every tough question in every interview.
Not sure it was the fans' emotions that were a big part of this trade...
To earn money from home freelance skills are required as writing, designing and many more
From : Great blog post on visual identity.
Chris Sale is a starter again and Hector Santiago is pitching in the ninth. Last week was all a figment of your imagination.
Great lunch Chicken toes, onion rings, and Troegenator are the way to go!
What is your folder?
Sunday nights suck.
Eighteen days until I have to leave Paris.
Grinds gone be on double time in 2012. No lookin back
takes one to know one. #jk #kindanottho maybe she will get ur hops.
i like your closing words for your double moab haha
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 27
so incredibly bummed that I will not be seeing you!! Hopefully soon!!! <U+2764>
SO MANY CUTE/HOT COLLEGE GUYS AT UC DAVIS!!!! :D
yeah. On my way.
Listening to "What I Do (Just Like That) / Young Jeezy" in Thump Mix
agreed! And so commercial innovation AND more #spectrum both necessary. Not an either or issue...
Uh art. Im in college
While a somewhat rhetorical question, we have folks in both camps: those keen quash the new: how many hrs/wk are you ready to "tolerate."
listening 2 "Never Would Have Made It" this morn - "And I was at a Crossroads at that red light, trying to get my head right"
I'm glad I followed. You're amazingly cute. I like it, but you cannot top all the boys in 1D. Sorry, Love. xx
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm & 7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at 8pm...
Correct! Please DM us your name, e-mail address & where you are applying to redeem your prize.
moved to my hometown of Chicago in January! Hope u r enjoying the Windy City!
i have a story to further gross you out ..but i think you've had enough lol
RT : Plan all the way to the end.
Are you a documentary enthusiast? Stay tuned for info about our Titanic-themed documentaries playing during centennial week.
Thank you for the retweet!
no way! Wanna help me on it?? Haha
How you doing dirt but claiming to be fresh...
hahahaha! You succeed!
Me and went to the same high school! HARBORFIELDS REPING IT!
glad u liked!
"WHY" are you in buisness?
Ok im really up now
Next we bout to have it the fuck up for my girl !!!!!!! Bday Capricorns alday..........
it's just red
Happy Monday!!!! Hope you are doing well!
Something are just too good to be true.
LG Duffy, active on school performance/leadership issues while #ROC mayor, calls Vargas "a wonderful man" and "consummate professional"
Pop Lock and Drop It.
RT I imagine the phrase " me so I can you" is being used alot tonight at
I'm not saying I want it all, I'd just be happy with the little things
Sitting with the Board of Directors, planning the year for #Michigan's future
Oh but it's better than here :)
personally, I think sport ticket prices are going to have to drop over the coming years. too expensive.
I love my Mama. Just got her Mother's Day present. <3
It's still there.....just inconsistencies and allowing big plays is killen em...plus its a road game, those are never easy
Would love to talk PR with you for (CC: ).
oh yeah I'm sure it is, I hear they are pretty hardcore down there
In a presentation- Loving the social media world!
- You have one ticket held for you at the box office :)
I’m not shy. I’m just holding back my awesomeness so I won’t intimidate you.
I don't see RG3 in the playoffs on the Redskins, but a healthy Bears team definitely has a solid chance.
I love arguing with T-mobile about accidental charges on the bill. -__-
Also, some awards, like the Newbery.
Studies have shown that seniors thrive more when living in their own home than in a nursing home
I know what ur thinking michael, no she's not going to Vegas lol.
In Baltimore for a v brief - maybe too brief - visit.
LAST NIGHTS DEBUT WAS CRAZY FUN!! TODAY LIVE IN THE MIX AT OLGC CHURCH FESTIVAL!!!
Still waiting for that phone call from HURRY! ;)
DEFINITELY! : Federal Center SW wants some cupcake love!
Omg so many low budget bitches that I deal with on a daily basis i miss all my friends at home.lifestyles of well if you live it you know
I cannot eat one Reeses. Has to be two, four, eight. Nononononono!! :)
RT RT : Favorite for the Super Bowl? ... Too early to tell, but Dom Capers will have a good comeback season.
thank you! has a new book coming out in August. Great guy, good friend.
i'll be at Coco saturday night for that Halloween party
Mobile for sure.
um ok.
thx a bunch :)
#YeahBuddy Harry Potter Movie Marathon on ABC Family! Potter Nerd Right Here. :)
it really is Britney.
I think you should follow me back ;)
good luck spencer ! :)
Happy Mothers Day Mommy <3
. It is a good point that classroom courses/instruction doesn't get scrutinized like online often is. Regulatory differs.
can I get a RT...I just had my first child. A healthy baby boy.
Every day I work with families trying to get access to treatment for their loved one who has no insurance
You're welcome Mike! How's the auto glass world?
We miss you!
My account has been hacked! Sorry about the DMs...I have not sent any. Anyone know how to stop them?
You're off to a great start with 2 successful weeks! Check out our expert word 4 diet and fitness tips to help you stickK to it!
No Star, Tracy & Sybrina aren't together. Dad was at his 'new' lady's house when their son was shot.
Thanks to everyone who came out last night. We had a great time at the QBar.
#everymanshouldknowhowto tap their inner feelings... hahahahaha!
Deep energy retrofits are better for the world than new buildings via @[YourTwitterName]
you know, for once I'd love to read the comments of an article like that and not come away feeling ashamed of my gender
Another unfortunate side-effect of the recession: can't pay professional actors for your local commercial. Hence, the Red Rock Jewelers guy.
what film were u trying to see?
My pic with John is gonna be perf, but it's a secret I'll tell you at the show.
- Yes, HH on Monday! I'll DM you the deets, looking fwd to seeing you!
It's okay. I am too. Just look at it like we've lived two decades. Twenty more & we'll be 40 and 40 more...oh god..
Awww man I messed up my nails :\
this will be my 5th time meeting and i still feel like it's my first.
...and those 66 new members go along with the 66 jobs posted to the group in the past 2 weeks!
Lots of things don't help in the real world.
Bulletproof it first lol
that's right ;)
#MentionYourCrush when the stage is at a crush only a few people you know. It's when you LIKE someone that really matters.
Phenomenal stomp practice today
lolno. not when there's 3 other elevators at the ready with no one in them.
just left a meeting with my dream team at want to give a shout out to the new member of my team my new makeup artist alex...
Dude I'm actually proud of my one pager c:
What i need is a cold pop!
true. Most are not--but they should be. We have to think about what we can do facilitate that shift.
:) where r u from?
Just spent an hour trying to find one rap song I know no lyrics to, don't know the name or who it even is...
Now FB has instagram I'm hoping people will stop using it. Hate the way it makes pics look. I know I'm in the minority here on this
are you selling a political agenda or greatest outdoor vehicles in America? I'm confused.
I wont :) RT : made prom court :-) Don't let it get to ur head princess ;-) - A LOL
it got kind of ugly. I still have a lot of respect for Henwood, and hope that we might be able to work w/ him
He almost hit me coming out of drive-through at chick-fil-a. Then he runs 2 more stop signs after a near-collision with me.
MILLION DOLLA DREAMS
Grand Slam! went H.A.M. Braves taking it all this year.
": don't worry bout it cause she ain't never ever gotta worry about me" Wow I thought everything was good!!
but I am probably just a grumpy old man. ;P
That blog post felt like you pried it out of my brain.
hope my gf gets her next period in a shark tank
were you able to get any info from about recycling?
oh. My ALA membership expires today. Since I got paid, I guess I can renew it now.
Time to shut down for awhile. Although, that means I'll have to clean up my house. Decisions, decisions...
I just hope nobody beats me to it, heh
Hi! You sing, report & cover Boston. Are you just the right person to cover our collaborative #JapanBenefitConcert tomorrow? :)
"Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba-Bad bitch central Check my credential"
We need space for an event! Can you help?
WTF, there's an ad on TV right now selling a Titanic centennial necklace. And yes, it's like the Heart of the Ocean.
This dentist appt >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Oh, I guess I could have figured that out. Have fun and good luck! And see you soon!
I only carry a Swiss Army knife to make restaurants pay for not using those "one time only" flathead screws in stall fixtures
Love run into you for a few minutes! Fellow #Colorado #health ladies
I would. Except by share I mean listen. I've never made a playlist in my life.
Ugh now I'm frustrated !!!! It's time to leave this weekend before I scream inside my head to my self
I want to see more "ade" drink stations.
I just sneezed really loudly in the gothic cathedral in seville, spain. I think i may be allergic to god.
I have natural hair. wearing braids for lots of reasons right now. Grad school doesn't give me the time to be constantly twisting
As expected, the new is REALLY good
I rather be alone than unhappy.
Thanks for inquiring about lessons...yes fully up and running. Contact us through www.hansonmusicstudios.com
Omfg, I know
I have been through various fitness regimes
Olympic triathlete Brad Kahlefeldt in San Diego hospital following ITU event: Kahlefeldt complained to Australian Triathlon team staf...
Uh oh #EBUS118. Not looking good for tonight. Early poor defense hurting now. One more inning... let's go.
Hey it's BK, What has your dog destroyed? Mans best friend recently ate his tix to the Masters Golf tourney.
Working at the Goodwill is a great exercise in Buddhist detachment since I have to sell everything I find I like. Also, in plain weirdos.
Coffee and bodo's now time to get this day going. Time to grind
30 minutes to showtime!
Everyone has Their own Flaws "
Lesnar looks focused!!
In LA, bandwagoning is a sport.
So she could get on it? :)
congrats on the twins ! Hope all is well!
I need to stop murmuring. Challenging profs and asking for more is better strategy. Can I read it all? Not sure. Will I try to? ...Why not?
we are totally taking the digital world by storm ;-) get ready for #RAWconf!
- Thanks for including us in your excellent Daily!
your a sissy
did they cancel it?
I'm walking around work dramatically singing Usher's Climax. Gestures, expressions, & all.
That would be great! I'm a big fan of your programs, thanks to
we love Jerry Bruckheimer! you guys rock.
Today we launch #AtlantaUrbanGarden and plant seeds of destiny. We share our love towards a season of harvest. More soon.
~ new to twitter. would love to view results. where will they b posted? thank u.
Because they're sadists.
#JayZSyncShow The best word to describe me in a word INSANE
i'm a pure anarchist at heart. but i think that anarchism by definition has to be nonviolent.
Time for a lil mooy ty and some baxing. Yes, its early but its the life I chose.
im bored
So fucking excited for GA tix for #futhur tomorrow, listening to Ruben & Cherise while we pack, PA, MSG, AC here we come
If you are looking for a radio outlet........with A list talent and millions of listeners, get back to me sir.
ahh, my husband got the lamb med rare last weekend and it was great. Never had a bad meal there.
trevorleit (trevorleit) thanks for the follow.
that was me lol
or as I secretly call it, "every night after roommates go to bed"
the avg keyword search on mobile for both android & iphone is roughly double the length of the average desktop search
toy story 3 is such a cute movie:))
Submitted for a SAG commercial being shot in NC.....
Ack! German shepherd/golden retriever.
I <3how my guardian thinks shes my mother.no.im tired of hearing ur fat mouth.18 cant come soon enough. #STFU! #BITCH!
I dont drink alot of water fish have sex in it
Thank you for the RT - we're definitely fans!
Loving the customer journey maps on your site. Have you ever done one for online experiences?
happy birthday little one! Hope you're well and wonderful! Have a lovely one x
I don't mind the minimal production values, it's just... as much as I like Amy Goodman she has the charisma of Jim Lehrer
Right back at you. Enjoy the break! MT : You guys are great. #JustSayin. I hope everyone in the office has a good summer!
When u truely #Love someone, you become their servant. It actually makes u happy just to put a simple #smile on their face... :)
say hello to melanoma Rile!
TnT commentators better then Espn's and thier halftime show..So dull & stale!!!
My mom is getting so spoiled today! Shes so happy...
I feel set up. Lol
#UNCBears are DANCIN! Go Bears in #NCAA tourney!!!! Officiating aside, they made it!!
yeah... Its late... Well early :/I'll probably wake up at like 3 tomorrow :/
Maguire's is missing a #diva. Can you help us out? We'd love to serve you!
praying 4 them
People are calling the contract Xbox 360 a rip off because it's like $40 more? Have they heard of contract cell phones?!?!
yes be ashamed
#BeforeYouExit so excited for the music. sounds great! <U+2665>
Truth Gone Hurt Yu
So bummed to be missing tonight! Keep posting pictures!
HEY NIALL :D how are you ? you know you should follow me it'll be great \^o^/
That which we imagine we tend to manifest. Our imagination is the engine that drive the manifestation train
pimm's cup ftw.
cites Eric Lott on the "sounds of Jim Crow": anxieties about black masculinity have a sound.
#BackInElementarySchool they said pickles were half a dollar, so I ripped a dollar in half to buy one
: YOU matter. Your life matters. Make the most of it.
what it does have going for it is hype. We know the value of these players once they play. Since they havent skies the limit
>>> my bruh RT : where the white boy rappers at lol, im tryna make some party music !
Love the taste of fresh breast after brush my teeth. Then I go to starbucks
looking forward to meeting w/ today, ED of
Thanks to all of our patrons, friends, supporters, artists, curators, to our Board, Auction Committee and staff for an amazing SELECT 2012!
Happy Friday the 13th. It's my last day working for Corporate America. Unlucky? I think not!
actually baseball sucks, thats why its called a "pastime" not a sport
Stay tuned, good chance for another "Si or No" moment when Cabrera bats in 11th. Jackson K's to end 10th. 10-10 @ Comerica.
Since when is club wear the same as business attire?
Brew Crew's gonna wear the crown tonight!
not today - have fun!
when did you guys tell Foxy she was adopted? We're looking for the appropriate time to tell Reggie
haha just making sure! But since your my sis that means I can borrow money now right?
me too:D i think it would look boss on you!
This is a test. Stay tuned for real content soon.
i need some change in my life and some new guys ;)
If any of my inspirations were to follow me and show they support me it would mean so much
I HATE JUSTIN BIEBER WHO I THINK HES GONNA DIE HAHA IM VIOLENT!!!!
#HeatLive this a easy win
GSA & SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from FAST & FURIOUS to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT.
you can't fix or block out stupid. Scientific factoid.
You're in Waco? Wow... You have the life man. ;)
WHOS THIS KELLY CASTRONOVO CHICK WHAT DID SHE DOO...?
Listening to a great discussion on The Social Foodie at #SMWMiami w/
It might be a little goofy, but I'm super excited for my first flight on the famed
HOPE GAME 2 WILL BE DIFFERENT.
Show me the old you one more time & I'll be yours forever.
“ The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.” Yes!
And he's not even texting me back
getting things done today did not happen
Even though your a jerk.
I Need To Go To Bed So G'Night Lovess <3!
we should have gone for the dessert. No doubt the guys would have had a spoonful. :)
lol how are you....
thnx for being there when I need you <3. idk what I would do without you
thanks for rubbing it in our faces, Evan haha
looking for some great museum websites for inspiration...know of any?
I Still need to put some of my clothes in The Cleaners though too!
Latest Poll: What is the best thing about #MorningWorkouts ?
GOOD NEWS: GRCH summer 2011 session is scheduled from August 1 -5, 2011 @ Rice Univ. The live music showcase is on August 7 at a venue tba.
“: My dad has the cutest little cat.” Probably not your best effort. #whatthehellwasthat?
what? Say it isn't so.
I wish OrangeJulius still had the option to add a raw egg to the drink. To bad they stopped that a long time ago.
Dear everyone in Boston bitching about the marathon already, don't live there. Sincerely, a proud Rhode Islander.
please give a shout out to my class
Greetings from a fellow retired academic!
He's lost his favorite pen, literally turning over every couch and table here in the White House looking for it..
Have you ever had a day where you were not feeling your #naturalhair style, but other people were?
I got around to buying Gutenberg-Loved it! As an Ed technologist I love your concept of the slowness of realizing disruption.
werkkk I love V-Necks
eventhough i dont miss one of 's ustreams, i still watch them over and over on youtube! #itsamahomiething. -Sophie
The fact that a pirate ship booze cruise is in my near future makes me very happy.
I lost 4 pounds!!! It's not a lot but it's a start:)
Is there a reason your boobs have you hang out in every pic?
Graphic designers: are there any font ID programs other than WhatTheFont?
it's not like it was thrown at his head
Unsurprisingly, begins with an editorial cartoon about liquor. That's why we're pals.
Thanks for the follow.
Amen! Michel Gondry loves that film.
yeah that!!! RT : Buffalo chicken pizza
thanks for the follow! I need to stop in for some new gear!
I don't know where I stand with you. All I know is every time I think of you all I want to do is be with you.
Red Sox starting to get the mojo back!
that is good lol Did tell you when she dropped hers in the toilet? haha
oiy thank you!!
Come to the tea house today and wish Connie a happy birthday! (her birthday was yesterday, which she celebrated with a day off)
Ending the work week by having a genealogist tell me she loved my energy after a long phone call. Researchers are the best part of the job.
Chicago is a hockey town!
11 hour workday here too. Alas, no wine. Just cats that need fed and scooped :)
If I'm louder would you see me? ......cause I can love you more than this.
Make some damn shots
I felt like stayin in tonight till i thought...What would Blake Shelton do? So now im getting real drunk! Turned out good!
M ”60 Minutes” & Indian food. That's how you do a Sunday night.
Writing articles tip:After you have written an article, come back to it after several hours. This will enable you to take a fresh look at it
If you listen to heat fans then you know, the heat never lose a game, the refs do it for them. Lol
Just visited your site Your book sounds interesting!
Woke up At 7am not to drink for mifflin lol
I dig your glass being half full about the ROX, Dig It !!!
you gotta admit it was pretty funny.. Sort of lol and we did get to know each other better by telling our life stories :)
Hoping the clouds clear for the weekend!
Gotye. Young the Giant. Grouplove. fun. Sounds like somebody in charge of Glee's song selection has been listening to
What's your favorite video game, of all time, on any platform?
In the house watching gammys
Johnny U >>>Peyton manning
The years teach much which the days never know. Ralph Waldo Emerson
no someone bin lying to you
completes my life, like seriously, that kid is just so amzing. omg aw.
...how many times have u listened to that recording(;
Just finished new fondu tradish. Forty lbs of cheese, chickn, brus sprouts, leinenkugle stuck in belly. Hallucinations right around corner
I look forward to my new passport photo. Shouldn't have smiled.
your twitter name doe. c;
yea, man. I'm all about saving loose change, singles & fives. It continues to find me. 8D
Nahh lol. I could care less
4 years & counting with
Who needs #tiger way to go Bubba, A man is judged by his peers, players waiting to greet him
All the caveats show the intriguing complications of my research. The praise for the book is appreciated :)
If you bring me a cigarette, I will love you forever.
One day to DUCK DAY!
It is except that you can save and tag links and take notes. You can also access it from any device.
Awesome about Obama!
Last night was fun Thanks for coming out!
Yes :) I just have them add ice, no water. Maybe I shouldn't call it an Americano then. I pay $3.25 for Venti.
Hi J.C., Thanks for the follow. Cheers for a great day of wine!
Wine time!!
LAURYN HILL- TELL HIM.
I love #happyhour at Starbucks!!! It's the best! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2614><U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B5>
from has amazed me once again. love my new gina dress.
@ Ruby's w/ My Son for DESERT!!
OH I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY
Glad you enjoyed the site! Love yours too, I've been to Disney a dozen times and it NEVER gets old!
WITH BEAUTIFUL AND GORGEOUS
yeah i will i always do
awesome! now go to walmart and get ID'd for spray paint, and the collection will be complete. :)
Nights that I get to spend with and > miss you ! :(
Sunday supper. May 15. Brisket with mac and cheese. Collards. Dinner rolls. $14.95
Really wishing I was at worlds
If I dont say spic, chick ,chizzler, etc wut gives u the right to say a word that my ancestors suffered for :/
Rachel and Brennan Suck,
This disappointments me.
Life in itself is INSPIRATIONAL!
Thanks so much. It was a pleasure meeting you. Come back and see us soon! Best of luck!
just said my name was Ferris at Frappy hour! hahaha I'm always gonna do that from now on
Tremors, one of my favorite movies
Thank you. Glad more damage wasn't done.
Lol would it make you feel any better if he already knew? text me and i'll tell you the deets I said nothing nor did Sam.
boo you whore lmfao I can't even
This is a sad day for Me seen every home game of original #55 Junior Seau at #USC. Had just met him with my son at Staples Center this year
call me maybe? :)
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!x9
Lots of talk about injuries and "working through this things" by Vinny in postgame presser. #grizzlies on 92.9 FM and 680 AM
Dex:Theoretically, you can't really complain if there's a pubic hair on your Everything Bagel. Me:Icky Dex:It's an EVERYTHING bagel! Me:0_o
Thanks for the follow Charlie Baker (kewlaire)! :)
I don't know how anyone cannot be an Albertnator. lets be real. makes inspiring tweets, sweet, and caring <3 i love Sam <3
oh I saw it :).. *two thumbs up* lol.. Body of a spurs cheerleader lol
when are they coming out with the full version of #365Days??? It's such a great song sung by two talented artists
OMG-Backyard Les Mis on #BradBradWorld knocked my socks off!! is the quirkiest, sweetest guy!! Happy 10 years, love birds!
Good morning how did you sleep?
See my last tweet for more information.
and - of efffin' course: don't follow leaders, watch your parking meters!! And something about not needing a weatherman!
My I-5 bill, SB 468, continues its advance after an Assembly Committee passed it yesterday. Next up: Assembly Natural Resources Cmte.
Tomorrow, Ice House Pasadena, hit me up! Whos on board with my group? Old Town after the show?
I love brushing my teeth...
hoe!! i got yo hoe your not about that life stop while your ahead
Later on tonight
I wish ISPs would stop giving out 'free email addresses'. This confuses my grandma to no end when she changes her ISP every year.
like feb 20somethingth.
They're probably not on twitter anymore.. or I just forgot who they are. Which is bad, huh? D:
since I didn't get #Diablo3, so I'm living vicariously through your inability to stay logged on and play. Thank you
your followers follow someone if u say too??? Send shoutout for me?? Me do the same for you
Just had a great talk with my daddy, I <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>that man
Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
you guys are freekin hilarious!! Ha
I tell people all the time, don't go by the # on the scale and weight weekly- yet its still so hard to stay away haha
On top baby!!!!
We bet your Uncle Stu makes fine waffles in his waffle iron from 80’s. We’re sure they’re great. We’re just saying ours are better,...
Sommeliers in TB?!? :) jk. I'd ask - he's way more connected down there than I am. OR you can wait to share w/me!
Do you know who that author is or what credibility (s)he has, regarding college sports?
right back at ya. :)
Thats one line he knows not to cross with that "lets impregnate" a random hoe..a MONSTER lookin hoe at that..
so whats the first step?
Just had a lil talk with the special man in my life, he made alot of sense. Gotta do what I gotta do.
that will kill SNL
Lifes a garden..dig it
taking Paige to see The Lucky one tonight at the drive in :) I've always wanted to sit in the bed of my own truck at one :) #excited lol
coming home to a hot shower an your own bed is the best thing in this world.. <3
I am seeking retail management position...can relocate any where in the United States....view my web site then call or email me....www.film…
Just wanted to check in with you and make sure your was working ok. Let us know if we can help!
I have NO relation , cause there's nobody that's committed to rock the ship
Hating Toyota. 7:30 appointment for an oil change.... It's 10:48...still waiting. 3 hours? Seriously?
routing.routing.routing. sometimes you feel like a nut!
Happy Birthday ! We love you!
i miss you sister :\ RT mm, yup :o
Rum is great for that ...I've heard.
Happy chapter charter day to the !
Done it - please send us your order info. Thanks!
Followed :) Thanks for following :)
Nightyy Night! Don't Let The Kittens Bite(:
#backwhenIwaslittle I had a rat tail just like my dad. When they finally cut it my mom put it in a baggie and still has it.
thanks for the rt. i love the name gradon. :)
I LOVE Marsha
": Somebody please fire this twitter police......"
hahah is yummy too! ;-)
Hey Reds fans, at least the bullpen showed up big.
I sincerely feel pathetic for missing you so much.
Obviously, the board's not going to vote to save on transportation, which was one of the things it's planning on to reduce its $60m deficit
Haha shut up
DM then babe? (:
Stop procrastinating!
I think they have laws against that sort of thing! To the gulag, you'll go!!!
hey thanks for helping us
I believe the children are our children.
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbow-red, yellow, brown, black and white-and we're all precious in God's sight
amazing night!!!
Do any stores sell Skipper's tartar sauce?
she's got to be the best female jock globally at the moment.....got get em' Mallyon!!! Great job Ralphie!!!
Someone called us outlaws, some ol magazine.
I've gotten so much packing done and it's not even 12 yet!
What exactly did you want Obama to say? How about stop the terrorism!
Oh my gay ahahah
A series of increasingly-longer naps till morning. That's how I roll.
congrats, lady! Well done :) And Go Preds!
I can't wait for your new single. It's going to be amazing and I can't wait to one day see u at like the Grammys<3
Bout to be some Church with this Eulogy.
More goodtimes. We will invite you all! Yes, even a few of you :)
Anchorman: a classic movie for classy people.
#singers who had a vocal coach: Michael Jackson, Natalie Cole, Ray Charles, Celine Dion, Justin Bieber, Stevie Wonder, Diana Ross.
Do you know how many other things I could do with that money??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hahaha, girl. Watch your back! I'm a regular there!
Teacher emailed a note about an MG book I LOVE. Told parents it has bad words so can't be read at school, but can be at home...
Take this extra leg room seat can't be scrunching up those valuable legs! Uconnnnnn
Great meeting with Tim Schultz today with The Mile High Horror Film Festival.
“: I can do all this through him who gives me strength. -Philippians 4:13”
Im tired and frustrated about everything! Theres just too much going on right now
Did they take u out of the TV show? If u still work there, can you get on Daxs chat at 1 and let us know what's up? Thx D
up, really cute, this completely lost little girl, this little boy gathered up a bunch of candy and gave me some candy. I didn't understand
Have you been running?? I really like yo figure ! Haha
viagra and cialis commercials are freaking hilarious...it helped dude out the mudd......i wonder if they would help me put her out after????
just for fun (heh) spent 20+ hours on Xubuntu for an old ThinkPad 600E. So far it wont work well enough to be useful.
tired and hurting:p
well cool or not I love them!!
This weekend at my studio packing, so I was going to do my new local bus into South LA thing since the Blueline refuses to be consistent.
": When people try to block you out by turning up the music #dickk <<<<"thats fun 2 do when people get annoying
I always happy!!
Lucy is snoring with her paw resting on my shoulder. Would take picture but not wanting to disturb - I LOVE my kitty!
Love me some Madonna!
Ivan Oransky, Reuters Health: Journal retractions rising. 44% more studies published in last decade, but 1000% more retractions
It's slow today......smh
You missed out. m...
What the hell is wrong with my phone? It won't stay charged! #TheDroidMatrixSucks waiting for the I-Phone 5 to drop
Yes, "hella" is still part of my vocabulary.
It's Cinco de mayo aka mint julep day!
sorry couldnt help it. Look at us so #mainstream on twitter.
Nf follow back
lol i hate math too confusing
I laugh at the girls that think they're in love the moment they get a boyfriend then they end up single the next week or so.
I've said so many times, i don't say your amazing cause I'm a fan, I'm your fan cause your amazing. never forget. love u .x
I loved it. Hopefully I didn't make too much of a fool of myself. Great instructors there!
Hey, do you think if a random Asian showed up to Orioles Fanfest pretending to be Wada or Chen, would anyone even notice?
Today's Soups: Tomato with Basil, Clam Chowder, & Chili
Memorial Day, Indy 500, Oprah's farewell, and more up now in Samples and Drops!
I wouldn't want to be Billy Cundiff right now...
#F_O_L_L_O_W she's super cool
glad to hear it!
ya and no
"Sea World is better because Shamu is literally tons of fun."- Sheldon
Breakfast or Lunch tacos? That is the question.
they probably will. But then we shall DESTROY!
RT : #FF Thanks again for a great
If you never put yourself in the game, you will never get a chance to play through to see the outcome.
Making proud and toasting my drink to The Maine!
whats good ma
#ProTip RT Best way in the world to waste $20 - put flea stuff on ONLY one of your three pets.
First real snowfall of winter starting in Washington DC
Not the same without on American Idol... don't even want to watch it anymore, miss you :(
I'm not a star somebody lied I gotta chopper in the car a 45. If I die today remember me like John Lennon.
bumpin' j dilla in the cans.
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F OVERCAST: 62F OVERCAST
thank you. we are all okay!
It is pretty weird.... I think she is writing songs for you...
ISPs blocking the Pirate Bay in the UK sure seems like plugging the dam with your thumb, doesn't it?
well done! excited for the show tonight.
Never again am watching football with my grandma lol
If you're going to make a fake account make it useful at least...
Sitting here watching a cat sleep
He won't say a mumblong word and neither will tennis press
Shall I livetweet these two CIF semifinal baseball games? I shall. Because I know you care.
what? Like it's no fun?!
Zach, do you have any more of those Lane F'n Kiffin t-shirts. I would love one in xl. Fight On!
I read about TED in EW. I'm glad u said therez a balance to the movie, that it has a Lot of heart. Can't wait to see u.
don't get the credit he deserves
Need a new #timeline picture for #facebook. Any thoughts?
“: Dont make me come up there.” you not gone do shit
"When the time comes, baby don't run, just kiss me slowly" <3
Darnton:"We faculty do the research…serve on ed. brds, all of it for free…& then we buy back the results of our labor at outrageous prices."
You can't bump The Truth in the Garden Heimlich.
Thanks for the follow, 29er! Catch us at our show this Thurs. to hear our 2 great new songs. Color us excited! #GirlsRock!
Hehe I just ate taco bell hehe yum wit fire SOS
Last final for today! Then with for the night! :D <33 Only 2 more finals left after today!!! :)
The Awkward Moment when you're almost at the top of the rock climbing wall then you get cramp in your arms and legs -__-
your a meanie :/
fuel band only displays first red led and then last green for a moment...when it should show progress
Up very early today because I have SO much to do and I will be too exhausted after work to do it...
Playing Sangria in hermosa beach with Donald Dean. 6:30.
What's your favorite shisha combo?
we love local love!! right back 'atcha sister!
Just got back to #CHICAGO home sweet home
RT If we were perfect, we would not need Jesus. Be quick to forgive, generous in love and always believe the best of everyone.
i hate mr.mcmachon :(
Devouring WE THE ANIMALS by Justin Torres. Taut and beautiful.
Boyz I will always be an ICONiac even if you guys don't win ... But I KnOW you all will win!
thoughts life is 2 short. Then again who am I 2 tell u how 2 feel. Sorry 4 stepping over. I just like everyone to get along
Avoiding taking my midterm in cataloging. I am ready but I am afraid. Procrastination my solution to fear.
Today we may face some boring task or idle conversation that feels like a complete waste of time. Perhaps next week or next year
Stop threatening each others lives.
Lucky girl! (:
Thanks for the follow!!! LOL :)
#HonestyHour We can't wait for the wedding season!
Survey of the day: Is it ok to take your shoes off on an airplane? Yes or no. Please discuss.
no. Warped.tour.
What??? I missed in Pittsburgh???
Great meetings talking about interfaced eMARs and electronic charting in Seattle. Looking forward to present at annual conferences in OH MN…
You two are dating again? Because it worked really well the first 20 times...
Have to go to sleep bye twitter and goodnight :)
So much love to share :) I want to share ...
Buy an Unlimited Ride Wristband and receive 10 Tokens FREE!
If Plan A doesn't work, relax. There are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
I WISH I COULD ACTUALLY TAN
": That's 'Tiff Dawg Homemaker' ;) haha miss ya chick, what's for dinner?" Chicken, corn and roasted potatoes!! M!
I need gopher chucks.
Haven't used tweet deck in a while. Penguins VP of Communications Tom McMillan will be on A to Z Sports 4 PM Weds. Any questions for him?
So I don't know how this happened, but I think The Isley Brothers are my favorite band.
OH: "Olympic Gardens...is that a Greek restaurant?"
Do you know of an awesome server administrator for hire? Looking for someone to manage a DV from
what the hell
Joshua could quote Steinbeck...speak Spanish fluently...play classical guitar... sketch amazing portraits...excel in virtually all subjects
Guess I eat some frosted flakes or honey nut cheerios!...
Look within. Then commit to being with what you find there.
Racism is America's original and most deeply rooted sin - Soong-Chan Rah
Samantha Wuddup! U finally waking up on twitter hah
I like that workaholics show Blake is my favorite he has cool hair
Thanks for following Chipster!
I'm going to be launching some new stuff this week, so please follow to find out more! Please RT
Few years ago #pcola did a witch hunt on my old #IB programme director bc he got a dui. But sex, drugs w/ students? Nada.
The wooly bear is the worlds oldest caterpillar. Going for egg to moth over a 14 year span! Poor wooly bear! They live in the artic
well it donest show
Looking forward to my first tweetup! See you there!
well that's good!!! Maybe he will make better music than you, oh!! Lol, Jk!
I fell asleep to a lullaby last night. I was the one singing it.
Gettin wisdom teeth out sucks!!:( i feel like i have no wisdom!!;P
Super impressed with the UserGroup program I've allways liked O'Reilly and the continues to impress!
thank you! & your welcome lol.. The pleasure was all mine ;)
I see a little bit of Gale Sayers in him.
1,900th tweet goes to all the party people that attended the Borden Bash
How often do you sort or clean up your Twitter lists?
Only love is real. ACIM
cool photo, who is it?
Ever notice how a Great show involves a Great Team ~ it is not all about the Leading Actor/Actress. #Recognize!
no food in the house.... someone bring me breakfast? thank you in advance.
ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOLZ IM NOT VERY GIRLY BUT I LOVE THT MOVIE!!! Y R UY ALSO FOLLOW ME AND REPLY PLZZZZ REPLY <33 (;
Winfield vs Hurricane ..... Sectional Baseball
Now I can't fall asleep :/
Well, if they can they should. Scott Shepard is (literally too, of course) unbelieveable as Nick.
Happy Birthday to my baby sis ! She's 18 today.
I've made up my mind to define my own destiny~
Thanks and for the follows!
Great symposium at TU celebrating Woody Guthrie's centennial. Now the gala concert - Melloncamp, Roseanne Cash, Lips, LaFave, Hanson, more!
Our God has a way of counteracting something Satan meant for our harm... Continued next tweet
So Cal grocery workers in mediation today! Do what you can to support them
So fun! Let me know how it is. Watch out for sharks. :-)
#PRAllstars OK no clue what the hell this challenge is. Huh?
7 concerts in the month of May, finals, new semester, work study, trips to see family. Pffffft screw sleep.
yeah it was a plum team too
Well the Pirates are winning.
Are that tired to the point that you tweet yourself? Lol RT : your always woke smh
what's up did you 4get bout me?? Lolz
the term 4A ball player. Just go away.
Guys.....Did you know Magic Johnson has AIDS!?!?!
#Online hey twitter world what r ur thoughts on #RAW so far?
I just want to apologize again about the cupcake thing. It should have never happened doesnt matter who did it.
Annoyed out of my mind!
agree but they make some God-awful decisions. Esp. Cutler
Taught Hannah how to do a cartwheel...she's gonna my little gymnast in no time
always has been an inspiration to me Thank You!
haha aw going to bosnia would have been perfect then! :)
Sorry about the godfather spam in dm's. I cancelled the account so it shouldn't happen anymore.
You should get together with i hear they have vehicles that can do that.
Rather than expecting all to have same device, should we ask, "How can we learn with what we have?"
Turns out it's really hard to write a screwball comedy about near death experiences.
ha I didn't even see that one
Hope your signing went well dear!
Cruise ship in the harbor, rotary meeting today. It must be Wednesday!
wakke up and do Mills hw!!!!
Sweet. Look forward to whipping even more ass than usual.
i cant sry but guess whos following me ;)
hey! sorry i was so tired last night
We would like to personally Thank all of you for your help in promoting our business!
Years of painful soul searching,
you can boss them around... put them in time out.. and they say things that make you think..college people are like is it over?
fun I gotta snowball & I was riding allday wby ?
sorry to hear this. I wish your mom well
Congratulations to Eduardo Jackson. He was the first place winner of today's noon tournament.
New kitten from the shelter today. Grey tiger. Usually go for black but he was the one. Name: Tobias George Smollett (aka Toby)
Searsport-Limestone pipeline to be auctioned
LMAO ! Where did that come from ?! It was funny tho cuz i was just on 's page when you tweeted that !
im getting it in!!!
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. ~Franklin Jones~
Thanks Condi! RT : Happy Valentine's Day to you and your loved ones!
Poor little number 8. All alone by himself. Oh well! Let's go lakers! Aha
Talking about smoothness and swagger... you must hear the song "I'm Awesome" by Spose. He reps Maine, just like Bonnie.
Follow this bad one :-)
remember gaia and the creeps hitting on us. hahaha
I need one ASAP
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer. Joan Collins
Let's make it trend worldwide, people! The center of the social media universe is HERE:
Quest Auditions are coming for Jesus Christ Super Star,Midsummer,and Sweet Charity April 30th and May 1st from 1-4pm Teatro LATEA in NYC!
Ok. Time some serious sleep!
“: Timmy is an average kid, but no one understands. Mom & dad & Vicky always giving him commands. Bed twerp!”/lmmfao
no, but I'm very interested in the results of your research.
The Winter Market is indoors RT : will it actually be outdoors?
Facebook and now twitter. Hack city. Please ignore "spiders" and "blogs that said something bad about you."
You're welcome. Always love to follow ambitious, food aficionados who love travel. Kindred spirits as they say. :)
coming in two weeks the shakedown sunday going down at the famous sam's on 43rd ave and glendale.please visit myspace.com/magikentpromotions
Thanks for the follow.
You can't be a HS coach or player and not be inspired by the effort given by these two teams. Wow! They want it BAD!
2 cute! They r getting so big!
Match.com has hurricane Irene's status as "single".
I can ride a bike! I nominate my dad for coach of the year.
They just paid me $10 to come into this bar..
girl what is the problem?!? lol did you get the scrunchies, it's not suppose to be neat...
almost did the cinnamon challenge.
Getting hair cut and they are listening to B97!!
Good upside. However, moving continues to suck I don't care if you are moving next door. Enjoy.
2Cor 3:17 Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is Freedom. Get Him Back into the Country & Get your Freedom Back!
Come on fergie stop messing around and get the man that is Alexis Sanchez!!.
Self-delusion is pulling in your stomach when you step on the scales.
Hockey East tonight at 8pm! DJ playing your favorite tunes all night
Liven Young and Wild and Free
Let ppl live their lies...u need more ppl.....so lame to lie n stunt cuz u think its affecting me kill urself deadbeat!
PUE is one of the lrgst college towns in MX; haven't been in years but take a bus bound 4 UDLA & indulge in grt 'comida corrida'
Just reached 300 followers. Can't wait for the next 300
¤ My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
It's so nice to be back in our home in SF. It's going to be hard to leave.
Don't let these temps fool you, your home's efficiency can still be improved! Call me, we'll show you how!
yeah, sumn. ;p
I wish Netflix would hurry up and get it.
Definitely! Would they need to package it or just print lines on a cardboard box and toss in scissors? ;)
channeling his inner standup at
Alex Silva just cut a better promo than anyone in ROH! WOW!!
Feels like everyone is at SXSW but me... :( now I know how everyone NOT at SXSW felt last year!
Crispus Attucks was the first casualty of the American Revolutionary War –download- InSpotter app
Hoping for a good night's sleep
Lmaoo , Yum (: ! “: #WeWontWorkIf you don't like spanish food or pasta . I love food!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>”
didn't realize you and were family (consecutive father retirement dinner tweets).
any time to talk today?
Safe to say I'd take Wis over Iowa in pretty much anything
You fuckn up kobe
Wow, The NFL Tebows really get every break don't they... I thought we played Denver today?...Fuckin sissy.
happy birthday. Enjoy ma'am
hes not that cute anymore lil
": Society puts so much pressure on beautiful women that they've accepted the word bitch.. - #womenDeservebetter" I 2nd tht
Im just a Hiphop Junkie and da #ClassReunionMuzik camp got that Blue Magic
#DontYouWish would DM you one day and started havin a conversation w/ you <3
Just ran into Omari Todd of A great leader and a great organization. We both like cafe hon.
we need more followers! help please? #mahomieshelpmahomies -Melanie
ah Friday night attempting to get work done yay
S/O to for being absolutely beautiful<3
Santa's Littlest Elf (has Autism) is now on itunes
I SEE YOU!!! XD
Ohh I love "Waiting for Lefty," but it might be too much for school-age children...
Not able to de-conflict schedule so that I could work third gig this week. Sad that I couldn't, but cool that I used the word de-conflict.
If you already paid for a t shirt you can pick it up pre game 5/5 If you haven't but want one we'll have a couple up for grabs bring cash
Happy Happy Happy Birthday!!!!!
which stores were u shopping at?
of course there is! ITs the media the report on what THEY want to report on! hahahaha!
Catching up on my DVRd shows. Just saw on "Parenthood"! Great job! I love seeing my friends on TV!
At Green Festival Chicago about to hear Divine Chocolate's Amanda White speak about the Power of Cooperatives.
#BELIEVE many do, and those that don't soon will if they choose to, share ur gifts!!
so cute!
ty for the follow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
What about the married people ;)
I got yo man n u cant do anything about it!!!
Yeah that niggah gay
... All I know is you better fucking behave yourself. Because these calls to my school are making me SMFH
Whoa! :O she is not matching at all!
I CAME ONTO THIS ACCOUNT SO I COULD FOLLOW YOU :P -- btw it's me ;)
There's a shop on the corner of Santa Monica Blvd. and La Peer, they sell classic cars, but they might rent!
TexMex with my brothers then shopping for moms bday.
Check your inbox reporters! We just sent out the March Job Snapshots
Lightning Crashes
Don't date douche bags.
Thanks for following me If you ever need an opening act, consider !
Weird, considering Cosby's own out-jazz dabblings, e.g.: 1st Badfoot Brown LP; harmolodic music beds on "BC Talks To Kids About Drugs."
My NAHA pictures from Rob Cook just came in... These are going to blow you away.
Every father is a man but not every man is a father. Men get on your jobs so that your daughters will know how to be treated once dating!
I tried a ColErase light blue a while back. Didn't like it. Need to give other colors a try. Thanks for the suggestion!
aw(: thanks
Went to the Doctor today. He grabbed my privates and told me to cough..... I really have to find a new Dentist!
He is the exact opposite of the egotistical artist. He gives it all for his fans even when he'd rather keep to himself
Beautiful, but so sad that he had to do that.
please COME to nashville and do your show. you can raise money AND contribute to the economy. 2 birds 1 stone.
Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. Ephesians 6:11
Not that I know of -- but I'm too far away to know firsthand.
time to start using Twitter more often
Forming Volleyball, Euchre, Skeeball, Dodgeball, and Kickball leagues here in Columbus metro area! www.capitalcitysports.com
please see email about SearchFest's Oregon Humane Society social media campaign
big day for WSJ, Wired, Slashdot. Kick ass!
Ready for Briarcrest
Determined to finish my prospectus. Let's get this thing done.
If tech innovation doesn't drive new forms of interaction, why are we all sitting here tweeting??? #uksglive AMEN!
cinnamon coffee + clean house + gingerbread candle = relaxing sunday morning
Justin on The Voicee
People say i talk about you to much and that we would never last i guess it turned out to be true but not cuz of me .
In 3rd period bored ugh ready too trick or treating
Don't care what direction, as long as there is shows! HS
Ran out of condoms?
No surprise there!
Ok I got my work cut out for me.
long weekend party. back to work..
dress to impress cuz that leads to success
I am back in town. Great Portland Street. Catch you soon.
reworking my Resume and doin laundry.. i guess breaks over.
Trust me. Theres nothing scary about takeoff. I was watching it through my window both times. Ur ears just
Music fans all know that moment of finding a song or album of music that is exactly what they wanted to hear, but had no idea it yet existed
Heading out to the course to play some links on a beautiful Superbowl Sunday!
NACUA is thrilled to congratulate our current President Jonathan Alger on being named the next President of James Madison University!
lets have some fun...try changing 2 things in your hair/ makeup routine this week. Maybe a new lip, curling ur hair, or thicker eyeliner!!
you should come visit again and write about your experience
Fuck rich we wanna be wealthy
somebody please come visit me at work today! 530 to close.
I think you'll really love our product seeing that you self-manage. It's designed specifically for busy landlords like you.
Cool. That could work with me.
friend date :)
Today is gonna be a boring day.
Busy day for recall candidates for Gov. Falk, Barrett, and Walker all have events in Milwaukee today.
wizard's try out's... open as fuck!
Turning this shit off until after the movie.
kinky! do u use vibrators when ur on the webcam?
we'd love to but can't. We're leaving town on Friday when LC gets out of school. U free for lunch in Houston on 9th?
That awkward moment...When you realize someone deleted their comments on facebook and it looks like you're talking to yourself.
- I still think Miami needs a big man in the middle. That's their primary weakness at this point.
Thanks, i'm glad you dig it!
My 6AM run stars....now ! #getitrightggetittight!!
I was kidding.. U don't need to go out your way to get me a hat :)
Shopping at the outlet mall? That's my kind of camping weekend.
Asking your parents AFTER you've already made plans.
Read 'The Princess' by Lori Wick. So good!
Thank you! RT : Congrats neighbor!
I love using my Bible! Best thing since #JESUS himself!
Thanks! Enjoyed your show too and you had infinitely more insightful things to say during the Q&A
The #orioles better have a Kangaroo Court. And Davis better be the jester.
Wow, He made like 5 insults against jewish ppl in 3 sentences
I know the difference. Ahahah
OMG. FUCK. OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING IN MY EARS RIGHT NOW.
I might have to check it out lol
Nick Young what can he do productive with LAC. At least it his contract year. Hit up dat FA next season
Wow! I havent been on in a while!!! I've been very busy!!! I hope I can tweet more soon! :^D
haha, lol!! I did the same thing. Pretty good surprise for #SimpsonSaturday, isn't it? ;Dq
This is the only time I have to do laundry!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
some time this year
Burning a hole in 's desk rendering map tiles and burning a hole in this AWS micro importing 300,000+ polygons to PostGIS
Any way we can help?
okay i'll add you
Yup on all accounts. Bout $20 for the bigun. Tho I don't know I've seen it bottled otherwise. It's not as thick as a Delirium.
WWW.POWER983FM.COM !
Absolutely despise #french fucking people on #MW3 ridiculously loud and obnoxious especially when they are trying to RAP... #fail <U+E50D><U+E113><U+E416><U+E113>
He just had this smile on his face while watching the whole thing...got glassey eyed at the end. It was cute.
Rule #172: If you can't be an #athlete... be an #AthleticSupporter!
will be having a South African BBQ in San Francisco this Saturday!!
I really think that should make a video of him singing "It Will Rain." that would be my alltime favorite!<3
this hit my <3 "Paul loved the Philippians because Jesus loves the Philippians & Jesus reigns in Paul"
I know. I didn't get a copy yet! Can't wait to see it.
I have a whole bunch of clicking and scrolling to do...? And watching Charlieissoccoollike. Yeah. I'm a busy bee.
It's only right I blaze up the gunga
Was his name Billy Clyde????
Each and every one! I knew someone would mention that - hadda be you! :)
Mother Banana: Why didn't you go to school today?Little Banana: Because I didn't peel well.
not even joking he probably was I wish I was those actresses all over him.
What is the Magic tournament at Comic Con? Is it you guys?
Heard the first Nokia Lumia ad on the radio just now. Sounded great until they got to the part about AT&T...
"That so just hit glass..."
1st day of Commit2Bfit 2011 4me; also 1st day I've been to my gym in 11 months. Only did 10 minutes on treadmill & elliptical but I feel it.
RT - Three teams that have yet to win a game -- the Kansas City Chiefs, Miami Dolphins and Indianapolis Colts -- appear ...
Have you performed at all since leaving the Monte Carlo, if so where.
I'm feeling slightly vindictive...but in a classy way, of course
one my followers unfollowed me and then followed me again so many times
What two fruits are in our Harvest Chewy Granola bars?
Afro Blu: I'm sorry, they are just not doing it tonight. You're telling me not one girl in that group can hit high notes?
Casey "Asshole" Oulds. I warned you, you're going down. Better sleep with one eye open.. you little asshole.
At least they're not 'ums" and 'ers,' 'hems' and 'haws'...
You've got to be kidding me. These wasted opportunities are gonna cost the Orioles eventually.
Super Agree RT ...Wish there was an easy way to find docs that offered virtual appts. Ideas for resources?
I need to order my replacement phone pronto
I'll be appearing on tonight, though I don't know if the livestream will happen. Listen for writing and oboe talk!
I love technology!!! New iPhone makin my life just a little easier! :)
There's a Z-CoiL store aprox 40 mi away at 2077 Camden Ave in San Jose. Its the same store owner as the SF store, same great service!
working on it brother
Just finished reading my Christmas present, Destiny of the Republic. TY for a fantastic book. Need to visit Lawnfield now.
One of Europe’s most distinguished orchestras returns to Symphony Hall for the new year! The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra...
GASP GASP!!! Really??!?
are u just finding out? LoL! I'm sure it will last less than 72days.
Ok here is my line I actually used being a blonde. I'm sorry officer, but my blinker fluid ran out and my boyfriend told me not to use th...
Would somebody please tell the birds that it's only 14 March, too soon for
Got accepted for YEK! :D
#americanidol #idol. I can't watch "judges" praise crap all night. Turning it off.
I wish people would get off my back about my boyfriend gosh people are so judgemental
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B7>before work? Sure why not
I like to say, "bless you" when people sneeze, but if I KNOW you're not going to say, "thank you" it's pointless.
Office. So cold. Brrrrr.
just follow you. i wish you all the best. peace.
Brozek! Hows it going? I massively miss you!
Ah get out of here.
I hope he knows that.
What do you most want to know about auditioning?
but I won't hurt anymore....cus now...aaaalll my pain is goin
You Over React!
Ha! Well,she operates from a binary framework which is almost always problematic. Whaddaya think she brings to the table?
On the nighttime weekends I like to dress up like a unicorn and prance around and jump while dating pixy sticks... #ohyeah!
so I'm NOT the only one who knows this.. God lol
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. -Les Brown
Wow what a shock. Park hill south beat park hill in football for the first time in a long time.
#whendiditbecomecool to disrespect your mother
Re-reading Dickens ... is it me, or is Great Expectations funny? Mrs. Joe would not get a Mother's Day card!
Can somebody get Kevin Na a beer?
haha!Q we were just spammed together. Though we've never met, I feel closer to you now than ever.
I wish I knew...
Sandra Powell of RI: We have to do this with a "No Finger Pointing Approach." It's about being effective.
HOME RUN! PAPI!
No one can get an education, for of necessity #education is a continuing process- Louis L'Amour
out here in Tampa listening to hearing in a different market!
ps you are seriously amazing. Ive never even met you and you've gone out of your way to help me and HAVE helped me so much.
Congrats on winning the Superbowl! Fantastic job stepping up in place of Ryan grant!
NEED MODELS FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE follow us www.twiter.com/streetgroovemag
It will smell like clam chowder there, so fricken' bad *laughs*
Sleep all day, up all night smh. Ugh im too uncomfortable
My stomach is growling like DMX with a chest cold! 15 more mins of radio and then I can get my grub on!
I think I need some corporate champions.
Fashion Fridays!!!! GM WORLD express yourself through your personal style today, try a new look, do somthing different.
Two more hours of sleep... Is that too much to ask for?!
good stuff man! Can't wait until your in Tampa again!
How to make God laugh: Tell him your future plans
Smile the world is watching!
Spring <3333 ... and its gonna be 83 degrees!
Strong winds are hitting all around the front range right now with gusts as high as 80mph near the foothills!
I'm thankful for today's weather! Gorgeous.
I'm the king of the castle you're the dirty rascal crassshh into me #DMB can't wait for June 22-23.
Braun's PED test was evaluated in Canada.....there's your defense.
haha nice! thanks for the help!
Two men in there 60's kareoke, omg awesome, seriously awesome
ok well i can't direct msg u cause ur not followin me so u have to send me one:D
My wife always supports Team Russia, so I do, too. I'm just ignoring you-know-who.
an actual goat?
Finally on the way to the lake. Being subjected to katies odd musical tastes. This will be a great day
TONIGHT at Accolade Fitness South: RIP:60 SUSPENSION TRAINING with Nik from 5:30-6:30pm. P.S. Your 1st Class is FREE!
As as paying customer, I don't want to hear about Alysia Jordana unless she is in the studio naked, and riding the Symbian.
Twitter is struggling, check us out on Facebook so you don't miss anything while they resolve their issues.
Fuck, me too. I'm in Alex's room because Hanna's mom is here and they're busy packing stuff. Lol I'm so tired.
Epic Brewing Launch today at France 44, Free tasting 5-8pm...
Ready for #ETP2012! We'll have updates from awesome speakers , , & all week.
Protesters now leaving Pioneer Place
where do u coach
RT : 1pm today! Chisolm's inspiring film TonyGeraci is “little bit lunch lady, a lot P.T....
Thx for sharing, Lyn! We're very excited about potentially rolling out mushroom packaging for our customers in the future.
I am your leader, yes I am your leader You're not a believer, suck my big dick
We have a long 21 hour drive to our next show Feb 24th in Barrington , Illinois! See yall soon!
ill add u later my computer acting dumb
lol your welcome!!
You win some & you lose some ...and, then you move on. :)
Indeed. I was a huge mark for the NWA/WCW and New Japan ramps. Bringing that back was a big thing for me as a wrestling nerd
if I have someone to say to people I say it to them, not everybody else.
God is so good to me!!!
New episode of Jersey Shore bitch!
#ASTD 2011 Problem isn't understanding what to do, it's DOING it - Marshall Goldsmith M113
..... MADISON!!! ON WISCONSIN!! GO BADGERS...... great pic of the capitol enjoy the game Saturday........ THE AXE IS OURS!
I might be a little late tomorrow.
The 2 sudan nations shld put the plight of their citizens b4 selfish political ambitions of individuals, war is no solution. via
act like an asshole & people will take you at your word MT : look like a gangsta&some armed schmuck will take you at your word
5000 Event Flyer Printing in New York City for only $175 > Call 1-800-PRINTING to order today!
RT : my roots are definitely missing and her magic touch
had up to speak to did a great job. Thanks for the initial referral!
A month in Europe... First up, Paris and Rome.
Me, "I'm gonna see #snowpatrol on Monday" looks at me "oh that's cool, 2009 called"
Desk & office are cleaned up ready for a ROCKIN 2012! I am sure I will be making the best of 2012.
The weather outside is perfect. Gunna be a good season to go rafting.
So has anyone ever clicked on one of those spam tweets/mentions? What happens? All I do is report the account for spam. :)
All of American might not love you but I still do. #ForeverAMessenger #ProudOfColton <3
you have 0 of the 2
1 Letter can make a difference
If you keep on doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always got.
Thank you so much, Dorothy! And hope you have a great Thanksgiving!
Seriously if you are trying to put a show on for everyone you can STOP. Its annoying and rude!
Search field in the iTunes store doesn't seem to recognize text typed by the Dragon software. Someone fix this, please.
On my way to the zoo with m'kaya school
We are live #coming to you w new info trial. #WHERE THE #FUCK IS HES #protesters?
Good news RT : HB2934 passes House, $100 mil extra fed funding for #Medicaid before matching rate decreases.
Im currently obsessed with (;
Is on TV in Big D!
Most Popular Korean stars in 2012
#MyBiggestProblem is staying up late to read everyone else's biggest problems.
Figured out how to download iTunes tracks previously purchased on other devices. So, you know, Use Your Illusion as loud as possible.
Whenever you start to criticize yourself, stop yourself and replace that thought or word with a loving one
anyone message me if u know where to get a tattoo in miami without having to have parent consent.
Padres have k'd on pitches out of zone on 4 of 5 SO against Harang.
True! So how are you these days?
Will you be joining us for Tuesday's Tweetchat?
RT : Let's talk turkey: Who are the #smartgrid's biggest turkeys (and greatest pioneers)? Join the discussion....
I believe the bruins are giving the habs a taste of there own medicine!
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Well see you soon!
come up in here! www.blogtv.com/people/Miss_kitty1987
Someone, please stop me from putting all of these books on hold at the library. I have a sickness.
Happy World Whiskey Day! and I will be celebrating for sure.
Sushi at CRAVE.
The only thing I like about finals season is the hilariously panicked Facebook statuses/tweets everyone posts.
“All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
it's so hard to focus when I know I'm about to leave on another trip.
What do you guys think of people Botoxing their armpits to keep from sweating?
Be thankful for what you have, instead of complaining about what you don't have.
Who wants free tix? We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
miss you more!! How's thd job hunt?
June was one exciting and interesting month. Whatcha got for us July? Bring it on. =)
AnaCJohnson thanks for following me on Twitter!
Sounds like you might need a SkinnyGirl Margarita after this day. Hope those heels are comfy:)
Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say.
Suck it #teaparty ! #occupywallstreet #occupywallst #occupytogether are growing and we represent reality and we're the real Patriots!
Beautiful house in your avi. Where is it?
Between careerist and artist...be an artist. An artist never asks permission to create. Forgiveness, maybe. Never permission.
" Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out." ... Just say'n
lmao. I read that in your most pettiest tones
The Norwegian Championship of poker goes on in Dublin. In 10 minutes THNL Heads up. I am ready!
Bunad. I think I might need a bunad.
email and have them check it out for you
Me too. But don't bet on it!!
Why is 555 still being used in the movies & on TV?
I'm so weak sauce right now. I need a vacation.
got 35 banners for their stores! #buylocal #supportNOLA We are so excited!
It's been 15 minutes and no one else is out of the genetics exam, I hope I didn't skip something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
This is the critical time that most teams mess up on the road: hotel after pregame meal. Must maintain focus on the task at hand.
Congratulations to Gregory G. Brown on being featured in the Riveria Magazine "Power Lawyers" Section for June 2012 issue!
On my way to New Orleans for the final four! (go bucks!) Anyone have any recommendations for me while I'm there??
Join in for the Day of A Thousand Cranes event this Sat July 30 1-6pm in Tompkins Square Park for face painting, live performances & more!
I'm sorry
“ Avengers in 3d...at atlantic station...be there...or be square lol”
<U+E32A>FOLLOW BACK PLEASE MAHOMIE??!(:<U+E056><U+E32A>
Gotta make the best of today
It's starting to rain! I'll sleep well tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+2614>
Bugatti boys. Yo, turn off them mothafuckin' lights. You know what it is. Yeah, fuck yo dreams n*gga. This reality. Take that.
you gonna be at yotel this weekend?
Warmest wishes for Thanksgiving from our families to yours!
business calculus:(
Client has started feeding me Vitamin C to make sure I make it to the June 1 launch.
Thanks ! It's my pirate alter ego for the conference (which you should attend, if you can :D)
A cat client recently told me that he was like Santa Clause because he gave gifts, later I found out his mom refers to him as Buddha cat!
follow to win a COUPON BINDER
I did not & I adore u 4 telling me. RT : did u see that got 2 Grammy noms? U + Me Together, Stars4Eva!
What does everyone like in their egg nogg?
Great American Breakfast with coffee.
: So, only wealthy or insured people are worthy of mammograms and breast care?
I hit you when I saw you
cooking my dinner for tomorrow yay x
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Olivia Ghersen - Seattle University Spectator
. has the greatest baseball cap on tonight. If you're watching the awesome right now you'd know.
had to go take them & put them in my room, before my mom go eat them all
Not sleepin at all
u scared me there buddy. Almost have a heart attack. Lmao
whenever you walk in to the doctors and they ask you what's wrong... you immediately turn to your mom and she explains.
Home Opener tonite !
Day = MADE<3
I'm not gonna lie, i find this tweet a little obtuse Sometimes I suspiciously look at acute girl and wonder, "what's her angle?"
sorry I'll miss u before I fly out!
Lunch APPETIZERS - CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
It's impossible to not be overjoyed for Russell Wilson. A great human being who deserves the chance to shine in the NFL.
well, I, for one, would like to skip the manaical pms this month. I am sure BF would agree.
Working in a new small town. I feel a bakery coming on.
its so nice to see tl again so soon isnt it the queen is home
Beyond awkward moment when you text that one guy because someone has the same name
Cum on feel the noize doesn't sound good until you turn it up all the way.
Hanging at the library at 3 oclock my school confrence going to suck.
Is it a crime against nature to like frozen burritos? Especially after they're heated and drenched in tomatillo salsa?
thank you! Glad you enjoyed it. Please spread the word and continue to check out our site!
Asked to suggest affordable titles for new EReader owners? Suggest Tess Allen's 'His Wife's Diary' & 'The Jewel Thief'. Thanks! Word up!
sorry and I couldn't make it to He was sick & I had a colleague in town for dinner.
Real talk, all hosts should be more like
Lol hey brownie points are a good thing in life but I give S/O for respects
figured you'd be live-tweeting your adventure?
very cool! Man is amazing. Even played killer drums on the first ash ra tempel album. You might like tangerine dream too
Yes!!! lol ;) We knew she would lol
Great game last night!
Cast off, two three-inch pins out, hand still wrapped up, still kind of hurts. Healing slow sucks.
writing again after months off playing 'old cars'. Today, Smegeye the pirate and his zit-sucking parasite side-kick, Peebody Fiddler. Yuk!
Cooler temps in South Florida! RT cool start with the 60s. Highs in the upper 70s today with tons of sun. Tonight: 50s!
yay (: thanks (: you are how I get most of my followers (: you both are so nice (:
see everyone tonight for the Arty Farty Ping Pong Party now at the Courthouse, 57 Adelaide St, Toronto!
It may be warm outside, but perfect for Wushu. Got to do a whole workout and not feel too tight. Kicks were high today :)
There are endless things to do in Hawaii. Which Hawaiian island are you on?
Murray sacked. Walsh will have to kick again to keep UGA alive.
When the one person you're trying to impress isn't at school <<< Cute outfit gone to waste. Pissed.
Maaaannnn... >>RT : Grilled steaks, smothered garlic potatoes and creamy spinach! Effin fabulous!
dont throw ya hoe in that water,
Once I graduate I'm running far away from North Hills and never coming back... Cya later
Thanks, Liz! Wish you could just drop on in, too :)
Feeling super positive and good today! Im in love. God is the greatest!
why do you hate the blazers so much? For that matter, why does all the media hate the Ducks r the Blazers?
I cannot even handle how perfect #Community is right now.
Feeling Unappreciated..
Just got my lottery tix! The good life here we come! Fingers crossed!
Movie marketing goes viral
what are some of the ways you've responded to a situation where personal likes/dislikes are promoted as ucd?
Hell yeah cuzzz, got 1st place in the Mcnary talent show!
Life is what u make it so me im making money!
You're freaking out and I'm just sitting here on twitter not even bothering to switch channels to watch it. lol
thanks Louie!! Love to you and
May have just heard the best message on Free Will and the best convention message ever
TY for the msg abt our contest!
there's nuthin stoppin you my friend. I miss it too, as I got the dope cassette mix tapes from you!
America's Got Talent's and at the ACM Performance Lab (329 E Sheridan) tonight! Tickets available at the door.
Yea buddy! :] >> “: big shoutout to this lady go follow her :-)”
#FridayReads - book gave me neither sanity nor solitude, but a case of carpal tunnel - 11/22/63
They're under the "Customer Reviews" section.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away, and going away means forgetting me forever.
I'm part of the cartel.
When someone tells you to, "expect the unexpected", slap them in the face and ask them if they expected it
Why when I want to achieve something, I always interferes with someone?
Borrowing my future in laws truck that has a crazy subwoofer sound system. Podcasts with massive bass don't sound as cool as I had thought
send me a follow and I follow back.
Hard to believe when 70 ystrdy RT : "6 more weeks of winter it must be!" -The proclamation from Punxsutawney Phil.
#greatestalbumsofalltime My #extraordinarymom has a few. They are full of totally classic photos from the 70's. Cheesy, but I love it.
“: To the illuminated mind the whole world burns and sparkles with light. - Ralph Waldo Emerson” Yes it does!!
At least you can afford it. And you have a kick ass job. No hangover sympathy for you.
Family > everything else.
#notgoingout in this pouring rain!
The winds in Boston defy physics... No matter which way I was biking directly into the wind!
Yikes! Well, the spam is helping us trend! It's getting the word out to non librarians! :)
I don't get it. Why don't the bous follow eachother?
Tell Bri she know I don't play no misbehaving. She better act like she got some sense.
#ff because he's got the hook up on prescription drugs.
give up. You have talent and we need to get these songs cut." To me, its all a big $$ pit. I spend about $80-100 a month in
Thanks much for the RT. Have a good week!
Adderall is on manuf. back order, along with all those other vital RXs? No wonder our unemployment rate isn't doing much!!
Spain World Cup Champions!!
Rooting for LSU
would be interesting also
loll no your not!...cuz if you was..i wouldnt be fuckin wit you....lol js
Good job Jodie. I like the idea of keeping things fresh or rebranding. Your website looks good too.
2011.09.27 #Brewers 6 #Pirates 4 | Prince with three homers / carries the Crew for tonight / can taste the two seed
Lots of frantic students this week trying to cram in research for their papers... It's nice to be on this side of the homework fence!
call me c:
Thanks to and for a fun evening out! Much needed. Love you two! Mission Impossible was great!
she used to be MirandaBuzz and then she changed her name and someone else changed theirs to MirandaBuzz to steal the fame.
In re: to AC, once you get past the 1st one, playing the 2nd one makes the effort well worth it.
Anyway.. I'm hungry
nap #2, boy oh boy you must be completely exhausted. We need to schedule a chat session!
Happy Birthday hope your day is splendid and showered with gifts
Ok it is that time....have to be up early to make some calls. These are not the ones I want to make, but have to...a few folks here who know
reasons today is already the best day: had #Bodos for breakfast, i get to see , AND i just discovered my new shirt has POCKETS!?
I've been laying low. Juggling a lot, y'know. I'm good. Mostly. :)
u.k. girls are better than u.s.a girls? hm....
wow how random lol
arrival of to Moes for support or the
All we do is pour it up, all night, drinks out.
Over here thinking about my next dollar
Any day in which there is free pie at work and baby hippos in my inbox is a good day, despite getting soaked biking in the rain.
uh huh! going to raid stash haha! and that nail polish is fab too!
Diana, this looks so awesome! We wish we had you in Philly to teach this. Congrats on a great class.
Just learned of the return of a musical I've always wanted to see with my Mom. Time to plan a weekend in #NYC!
In winter "things are reduced to essentials. We see the bones of the land... the stark elegance of the underlying structure" Jessica Macbeth
ITS 11:11WILL YOU PLEASE PLEASE MAKE NY WISH COME AND FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD YOUR SO AMAZING <333333 :) :) :)
Pretty awesome isn't it?
Doing a quick restart of some servers; one moment please. (We'll delete this message when we're back; eta 5 mins)
Hooray! Can't wait!
RSVP: Maya Entertainment
#WhenAustin tweets a fan happy birthday :)
welcome to twitter! Please meet the many twidiots as rainn calls us.
how long have u had twitter for?
Was thanked profusely for creative a guest session on the computer for a young man. I love my job. :)
what's Otto's stats?
@ I don't need a pro account anymore.
best #masters finish in how many years? Amazing stuff
Bad news: U.N. states Syria death toll 'well over' 7,500. Feeling so helpless :(
p.s. I like your new twitter name!
Our website is down at the moment, but should be up and running again on Friday!! Brand new site comin ...
just spent way too much time at Target shopping for someone else, but, really, I have NO idea what a 6-year-old would like.
When times are tough, and success seems impossible... reach within yourself and get stronger.
Does anyone know a good masseuse or have an excess supply of Vicodin? I've done something to my neck and it's killin me.
its been a long day whew!!! #fashiongigs over and out...
hopefully we're talking about the one from 1984? I can't image the songs from the Jaden Smith version reminding anyone of me
Does it start with "Dyna" and end with "mite!!!"?
I THINK U HAVE SOME MENTAL DISABILITIES
I kno rite... I just started -.- I'm a lazy bum
I've noticed that I can only use two social networking sites at a time. Now that I'm getting back into twitter, my Facebook is fading away.
we r doin good! moving did us wonders. Feel alive again! I am tryin to get caught back up with everyone. How have u been?
okay i'm sleeping because nyquil is awesome bye
The last two ppl u would ever wana loose r ur wife n mother cuz they remind u so much of each other
Got Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 and Assassin's Creed Brotherhood. Later, me and and possibly will KILL ALL!!
New recruit Trey Griffey said. “I’m going to the University of Arizona. It doesn’t get any better than that"
What a relief. Friends were so worried about him. Hopefully he'll get the mental health care his wife says he needs.
Okay we progress to 4 hours of awards for sound and lighting. z...Bed time.
Official Battle of Champions Twitter account ran by !
Another last minute change: reroute to track A, & strategic objectives
Look how big I am on it <U+2764> I love it:)
thanks for the shout out!! we love!
we played a jeopordy game on mon and tues and today we took the crucible test:p
How did you get a gif as your profile pic :(
no one to talk to, bored and absolutely boiling! not a good combination.
Up waitin for my food
im gonna do things my way!!
I hope & had a great Bday & dropped it like its hot I no tee-tee did !
Babygirl: #dialogue #character #action defying stereotypes already! & I see my people &the BX on screen!
woowwww. thats so annoying! im uploading it onto twitvid right now. i hope it works!
:( oh no sorry to hear that! But glad you'll be pain free.
Yes it is. Let me know if I can help in any way!
will do! This is going to be the longest 2 1/2 hours ever lol
follow back? (:
Would like to talk with you about being interviewed on your radio show.
Need a Florida state cover tonight.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people
A teacher that has left a lasting impression is LYNETT FOSS --I took her class as an "easy elective" and got so much more!
ACC Tournament Special!! 2 HUGE 20" Pies for $25!! Good all weekend! Which team are you rooting for??
lol Derek Harper? I don't think they allow Ron Harper to speak on TV due to his speech impediment.
if Lehigh wins, it's less surprising than Norfolk. McCollum vs. bad D
uh huh I have plenty of room
(typical) Saturday night epic fail. rain check? tomorrow/Sunday—usual spot? ;)
You can store 8 bits of memory on 12 atoms.... WOW
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Arkansas
Everyone please go follow please5
When follows me, then unfollows me, then follows me again. #loser <3
My first Mothers day ((((:
Bout to get to it!
Excited to see my first show tonight. #Totem has been getting good reviews.
You have come here to this life for a reason, & the purpose is to #discover as much #LovingKindness as possible. #Writing/words help find it
Agreed, not surprising. What was surprising was mentions of "stadium" relative to most other issues.
"The privilege to use haircare products is in our bill of rights" - Blaine from last nights Glee episode
Morpheus You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind.
fuck working on mothers day.
Reading twitter on android is like a mower with a two-stroke and recoil starter. The weirdest user experience invented in the digital age.
pay attention! You're at rehearsal!!
Late Night Studying, Core 40 tommorow gotta do good. hs final, on diploma
I've seen that too... I think they have serious bugs.
Waiting for Archbishop Nienstedt -- quick to sound off on marriage equality and choice - nothing for the poorest who lose health care.
lol i considered interjecting a simple "Richard Jefferson" tweet but i knew you'd get up on trade news soon enough.
dang, that's harsh
is my inspiration. :">
another crazy weekend with , , and Feels like the summer has just begun =P
It always does. How are you?
Great description about the new M2M in the catalog and in the video… you guys are awesome!
-- must be taking the FOX rejects for GOP talking points.
Like the "there is no such thing as #CS/#UX/#IA" crowd?
Although, women have their own hormonal challenges to be sure, and we work to overcome those, too. Being human is hard.
Challenging quote 4 me personally.Must focus on my purpose. #success RT The secret of success is focus of purpose. -Thomas Edison
I love and SO MUCH.
Ha! Man, I always loved watching Jim Edmonds dive head first to catch a lazy pop fly.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not - Andre Gide
Snack Tonight ... after 10pm {Beer Battered Perch, Fennel, & Onion with Sriracha Mayo}
CA Asmbr Dickinson: 24 reasons why students can be suspended, but just 1 responsible for 40% -- it's called 'willful defiance'
Ima Get this money u can be broke if ya Want to!!!!
thank you!
Yes! Treasures of taxonomy there :)
happy bday to my friend! I pray that God truly bless u with the desires of your heart
www.artistictwistclothing.com check us out! Natural Hair Meet & Greet event! Greensboro NC
Yo girl! Oh, it's been fun, but it's not the same without your face! When are you back in action?
haha! Oh, I wish you would! They also felt uncomfortable that I was getting my masters & planned to CONTINUE working w/ kids.
Already on it! I start PT tomorrow ;)
Best dressed at Golden Globes? Do tell...
2:30am, 4 hours on NBA franchise mode buildin my Clipp Ship..realized now why I dropped gaming yrs ago.
..and then i think, what would chuck norris do?
That sounds like a beautiful Friday--have fun!
On my way bk to the no, early flight. Coffee and meds to ease the stress.
welcome back to the internets!
Friday? What does Friday mean? :) Have fun at the LJ half!!! I'll be running with you in spirit!
this movie 10000 b.c. is such a joke..smh
Editing during the day today...then off to shoot the Chiefs homestand against the Giants.
check your email...
Just walked by wheeling out the field....never a good sign
Im no beauty queen,im just beautiful me :)
Shoutout To Our New Listeners! -
Remember: If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
If she's not stealing track jackets, she's flushing credit cards down the toilet.
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called "Quickie"......I May Have To Remix It -Breeze DTA
Just talked to 6-year-old niece on the phone. She summarized every book she owns for me. It. Was. Awesome.
is there a draft agenda for the dplacs workstream meeting at DPLA West?
Getting McDonalds. Word
Tweet me something sweet <3
The moment you realise how good life actually is, how one person can make you so happy <3
Whaaa?! I love that movie. It just makes me cry.
I agree. Glad to see GSP win, but it was a lame fight
Sweet bio on Victor Higgins and our Taos Society artists.
aubrey lost almost every task she was on. Good riddance snake, go back to being a nobody.
"Work" doesn't really feel like work when you're doing something that you love to do
“: boring texters should just fall off the face of the planet #thankyou” best not be talkin bout me fool
having a discussion about best cannon from the OF. Obviously around here we like kakes. I said Franceour. A lot for Ankiel. You?
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA! (key-r-a)
Is it ridiculous that I'm having a hard time sleeping due to guest post excitement? D'oh!
This is so true lol
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. "alright, get in the basket"
Sigh. Why is it that the ones who trumpet integrity and fairness always seem to be the ones lacking those traits?
Its soo hard to get noticed by with all these tweets right now. Need some #luck please?
it sucks. a lot.
all girls talk crap ! >.<
I'm an almost Demon Deacon. Do you know David Greene at Simmons? Also in the '12 class
awe would u do that? That would be awesome!! But what if its a girl?
maybe. But I still love traveling with you and having you by my side
This Hot Coffee right now >>>>>>>>
#Im GAY!!!!! & I don't give a ¹²³ shits that u hate me or u some dumb homophobe. Kiss my French Dick bitch. U hater!
thanks for the follow.I've been in touch with Theo, but here's my imdb again#www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo.I'm still looking for rep
Responded to FIRE @ 356 West 145 St, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
#4famouswords Are we there yet?
We utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Awesome fucking word. I'll have to work it into a real conversation //“: idocunts!”
A Clothing Optional Tweetup... wait... no -- wrong account! But there IS a Tweetup in Anchorage Friday 10/28. Unrelated....
Takuo Miyagishima has passed away today--one of the biggest designers of the Panavision equipment in the 50s. Thanks for all the memories!
Tell me more about face toner.
Happy Birthday ! Keep up the good work :)
i'am about to follow back my #followers :"P
Had a firm ass day with & Nesy thanks guys :-)
RT if your proud to be a mahomie !!! :]]
Dead baby jokes aren't funny. Idiot.
I want to hear Austin sing Let Me Love You live<33
RT : I know everyone right now is supposed to return to the portentous, Romantic tone that dominated after 9/11 but I just cant
#HowAboutWe Stop Acting Like We Don't Like Each Other....
You turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
unless you are a conjoined twin
Today in Literary History: On April 24, 1947 Willa Cather (known for O PIONEERS!, MY ANTONIA and ONE OF OURS) died in NYC.
Even of everyone were to turn their backs on me I know i still got God on my side and with Him on yo side that's all you'll ever need.
#IReallyWant for this work day to be over. 11 days straight is no joke
“: obviously you have never seen Hitch” is this on tv? Many are tweeting about this. Nvr seen it
Well the best I can tell the only thing backing up our currency is not gold, not silver not anything but our good intentions.
All processes of distributed computing (ex: packet switching) involve delay and fractioning.
“: A woman trying to commit suicide from the Eiffel Tower landed on a car and later married the owner of the car..."
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
I LIKE PIE.
Just washed my hair. It feels so good! <U+263A>
#eminem on #entourage = perfect marriage
Excited to start my guitar class in college in January
thanks to for a great Super Bowl hang!
And the fuckery begins
Considering I use my #iPhone for far more tasks other than a traditional telephone I think that #nomophobia is by definition inaccurate
time to try and be happy
TV is chewing gum for the eyes - Frank Lloyd Wright
On air! Go to georgetownradio.com, and click "Listen Live"
#StarCraft bar? As in, a theme based off of the Blizzard computer game?
I only wish I had the guts to tell you how I really feel about you, but I'm worried you won't feel the same.
Yeah, it'd be wrong not to love him. He's why I moved to Chicago. Been having a moment though since MCA passed away.
aye niggas hit me up
do u like boobies? i like boobies c:
lol 4real…boa!! its like science is not fun nomore i just be wanting 2 <U+2714> out talking bout cells && ishh
Don't kno yet
if you fly me over ... drinks are on me
Ahh yes... Let me rephrase that question - is Hart willing (capable) of moving to 1st base if Gamel struggles?
do you have school tomorrow?
Dave Rickards & Cookie Chainsaw from The DSC have entered the bldg...Tune into KFMB TV, Ch 8 this AM! Welcome Back!
I heard you always paid for the lunches with We can bring those back??
Why do the days go by so fast? Fuck man, I need a break. I have stuff I need to catch up on.
In the dark, we come out & play ;)
Interesting. Marvel raises prices and they are using interns for no pay. It may be a fun job, but I always pay my interns.
If you haven't requested "Old School" today, call your local radio stations!
Yeah let's just do that :) fag
In dallas trying out this city so far so good.... all of us at topnotchescorts.net invite you to come enjoy your time with us
how you doin'?
what time and where?
Whotune showcase was off the hook tonight! Thanks to CMJ, all the bands and everyone who came out to support! Much appreciated :)
Yezzir! Too bad we couldn't have shiner on campus. Legally. Lol
my charger for inside is gone so all I have is a car charger and ever time I get in the car I forget lol
Justin Bieber's #Boyfriend is a mehh. It would be a mehh+ if he didn't rap. Stick to your talent
Haha, we finally made that shit happen. Twice in one week...and now a tweet? Dang. Let's keep it up.
Man I have no friends lol
2 days until 's Museums & the Web 2010. Sad I'll be missing it, but will look forward to following #mw2010. Safe travels, everyone!
I was RTd by a racehorse. Let me know if you think of anything, but I'm not sure there's anything else for me to accomplish in social media.
When it comes to all around rushing and objective players you won't find any better then me and tho
hi, i exist you know....
Your open letter to our President warmed my heart, I wish so much for you and your family. 70yrs old, but the day wil com.
Thank you and all volunteers for great job with #SQLRALLY!
#Mariners lose to #Rays 5-4. Saunders tries to catch a Luke Scott fly ball in the 6th, instead, he knocks it out for a HR - the game-winner.
RT Cowabunga dude! <- ?? lmaoo TURTLE POWER!! i always wanted to be a ninja turtle
Dear Newt.. why dont you remind ppl how you had the most ethical violation of any congressional member ever
smackdown was pretty good tonight....
No transfusion for Jace!!! Blood count still up and enzyme levels low! God is good!!! Thanks for praying for him.
team with his talent. Bottom line is, both have helped their organizations, (current of former) succeed. Get off Lebron's~
Thanks for checking our tunes out :)
“: SBTRKT are amazing. So good..... #coachella #losingmyshit ” they don't know
have a safe trip home!
"Like" Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win FREE
sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down. just get back up when it knocks you down.
i wonder what buckwheat is up to these days
Five year engagement was so good!
If you had tix and didn't show up to today's Warrior BYU game, you're missing out!! Love to support Da Home team, unconditionally!!
If you continue to experience issues after the necessary changes are made, please let us know. ^CB
Tonight was fun
not surprised big move, congrats homie
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!
Who's that boyy?
what do u think of jedward?
#SignsYouLostAFight When you finally wake up out of that coma.
Thanks for the favorite! Hope you have a great (writing!) weekend!
Now reading: 'Interactive Project Management: Pixels, People, and Process (Voices That Matter)' by Nancy Lyons
... Constructive criticism is important.
Joe you and your panel are hypocrites just SHUT UP! The POTUS has done more for GLBT than REBUBS ever did!
I would say "(purposefully) dis-integrated and poorly represented"
We are proud to be welcoming back to the Riviera our friends from the APA. Welcome home !!
Hi James, our SD location is actually open to helping you if you're looking to throw a fundraising event.
I am excited to find you on twitter--And to find you are giving out candy--But mostly to count myself as an official follower
RTS is nominated for an A2IM Libera Award for Independent Video of the Year and Up & Comer Award presented by eMusic! Thanks
here we go...
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible.
Suggestions for authors of good #poetry for children?
oh i'm so sorry i shouldntve written a word of russian you are right lena.
Diddy tried t.i. inda club
Hey Kids how are ya? :)
For external flash, charge battery. Bring extras. Def for action. Low battery will ruin your recharge time,
I'm loving the Heroin Diaries! Can't wait for the next one <3
It's sad, and call me an ass, but I wonder how long It will be before the next trending movement comes,
I'm still trying to figure it out. RT : Just had confirmation that I'm totally right brained at
The still had a great run this season. I'm a Nuggets fan no matter what<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Jerry, + this 2 adverts :not easily impressed but seminar w/ was gamechanging Final hour like end of Usual Suspects
Nothing is worth more than waiting to get noticed by , <U+2764>
publishing co I founded & u were my inspiration. Im publishing business know-how books & want u to write fwd 2 first book
Into my new beginning #Excited #Yes !
In 2 weeks it will mark the 4 years my amazing gf have been in my life and still counting <3
Hi Ingrid! I miss you and Frad (haha)! Hope you are enjoying the holiday season :)
NERD RAP: "Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch."
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS! Contact us today to learn more!
3 helicopters over head and no recent news on google...
yeah sweet old atl I love it out here lol do you ever come out this way?
joes house is like a dead zone lbvs
me too! Haha but this time I'm gonna try to keep them on for at least 2 weeks
I asked her to come outside and hoop she looked at me like she dint get dirty.
It's almost Valentines day and ill be spending it alone with my dogs and God knows what my boyfriend is doing
Oh great, "Titanic" is on for the rest of the day. Guess I'm not going outside today. Thanks a lot James Cameron! Sigh.
Thristy single chiks disgust me...if i gotta run after you, I will stay single until THE MAN comes and chases me.
#whosgonnalose - Virginia Tech v Tennessee - Tennessee will lose
alrighty see ya:)
Thanks! Tell us what you think! RT : I will also be watching "Slavery By Another Name" and "The Interrupters"
m got my #cococoffee and love my new #apartment life is a gift & I have all I will ever need for 1 month and 10 days till Spencer arrives
Damn thought it wasn't obvious ;)
I wanna run away
Did you know that if you hold your nose you can't hum!! Hm. Hahahahahaha, you just tried it! :)
yeah! Ikr? I just saw it on the news! They said he has prior assault issues on his record also
is it similar in distinction to supercilious and patronizing?
Thank you Wausau! We had fun and we hope you did too.
How you gon win if you ain't right within?
Sorry nigga MAN CITY RT : sorry nigga MAN U
Saw Page One tonight. Thought-provoking & informative. Keep up the good work, #NYT! (Where would Gawker be without you!?)
That mini heart attack when you send a text to the wrong person... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Do not open What Should We Call Me after midnight. Do not open What Should We Call Me after midnight. Do not open What Should...oh, darn it!
First campus tour starts in 20 minutes! Meet in the front of Market Pointe! Whose going?!
Good Luck trying to be TypeA. It is such a natural thing to me. It's not easy, but sh*t always gets done and done right! LOL.
Im your biggest fan!!!! Your Awesome!!!!!!!
Waiting for Oscar to take us to the market. In the meantime, Mike is excited about his new hologram belt buckle
you love me more you bought me a pink sparkley dolphin(:
Marriott in LA you were fun. Hot tub you were good to me. but glad to be back home in SD :)
Need to look at Landes & Posner to see what they say about libraries. Could be fun!
Philadelphia Distilling has appointed Total Beverage Solution (TBS) as its national sales and distribution partner for its portfolio.
Practice til 8 tonight! Show tomorrow come out a support
Apologies to friends who received a reminder today for yesterday's webinar, we're experiencing technical difficulties with our email system!
you are most welcome. You can talk to me about anything, I'll listen and help anyway I can.
GREAT JOB LIZ!! GREAT VOCALS AND JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SEXINESS!! PERFECT...OOH LA LA!! F/S...
We do NOT have a show this Saturday. But we ARE performing at 's show Pillow Talk in BK on Monday! Back at The PIT on the 31st!
No one uses it. Visually, the interface is quite nice... I also hate 's photo galleries/uploader with a fiery passion.
I can't wait to visit my dad for 2 weeks (:
Tomorrow a Food Demo at King Soopers, 100 Littleton Blvd, Littleton from 1-7pm. Who's hungry for some samples of chorizo and sausage?
RT : How many Facebook alternatives can we join before our mums notice we regret friending them?
Thank You all again for your comments and emails keep them coming. my email address is if you have any questions.
The board's moving on now to hear a presentation from district CFO Ron Little
Why now? Why me? Why period.
I believe that "they" prefer that you are not sick when you get your flu shot. I get mine on Thursday.
Is it too early to panic about the #Brewers? This team doesn't seem "special."
is there a video of the Eucalyptus presentation on Open Source that you tweeted about?
My intent today is to embrace the moment as it is and not impose upon it what was or what could be. (via )
what is FF?
how long have u been sick
GOTTA LOVE THE MAUROS!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
They willing to work with me
A #BFBeatlesFactoid - today in 1963 the Beatles' first album, "Please Please Me," was released in the U.K.
you have fun too!
Happy mother's day to all my momma tweeps! Enjoy your day...you deserve it!!! :)
Industry image in by Juliana Beasley. 2 week e-mail going out tomorrow
Thanks! It was good to see you too. A very interesting conference this year. :o)
Registration is now open for #edcampss March 24th, in Philadelphia. Tickets will go fast so register early and donate.
how things with you?
Show in chattanooga was great!
Seen Avengers 3 times within the past week ....... Shall we shawarm now or shawarm later?!
Vacation officially over. Time to go home and burn off the holiday flab. Who's with me?
Oh I may have seen her photo on your page. Is that her? So cute!
lol can I still come over???? Or no???
“: First base coach Nate Shaver thrown out after a bad call by the 1st base ump ends the inning.” Shaver said something?
what u doing loser
aye bro ima re~record my verse on that song
Thank you for your support!
Hands down, Rise Against.
I didn't vote in the 2010 OH governor race because I hadn't been here long and didn't know any of the candidates or platforms
: #Salute 2 errybody grabbin life by the throat and takin what the world owes u!!!
Alright alright! USC! Welcome to the team Nick Perry!!!
You bet. I hope things are going well and the book is continuing to sell!
I wish my girlfriend didn't hate me...
Why is having a foot fetish my weakness?!!
NO WAY! :D
I have been trapped in a DOWNTON ABBEY vortex for two days now. And I like it.
In my efforts to have a stess-free holiday, I've opted out of a DIY Christmas. I feel like a jerk, but on the other hand: I'm almost done!!!
It's not too late to stop by to claim 2 free tickets to Pasties&Popcorn this weekend @ Atlas Performing Arts Center part of !
ooohhh, do I get to wear a big hat? I would come if I get to wear a big hat...
I added them all
Food fact of the Day: April 12, 1989 The USSR issued ration cards for sugar due to a shortage.
This girl that walked by me reminded me of Natalie cause she's short and skinny.
'you wreck me' just came on shuffle THANK GOD
Rooney Mara's dad owns the Steelers? If I wasn't interested before...
listening to a beautiful audio cd of Polly's Hovaths's My One Hundred Adventures when son Alex and I are in the car together
69 on me
Follow he has the best tweets
Online shopping in a school >>>>>
So much I could blog on tonight. Not enough energy. Tomorrow.
I have had this killer tension headache for a week now. Aspirin, ibuprofen, and tylenol don't seem to help, and neither does water.
I'm around. Just hit me up when you're free and clear. DM or call. Safe travels!
:) We're in the same city!
following because I am a listener of TFTTF too.
RT had great lunch at 10% discount for 30307 residents may be final push i need 2 finally change my license over lol
but I am interviewing for a summer companion who will lead to a permanent fixture.
I hate Derek
is your fb default just u lolz
hopefully the complacency of the parent club isn't sneaking down on the farm
I was bit by a spider - it doesn't hurt yet.
i love you too & thank you, i'm tryin :)
fall 2011 soundtrack: "Ultraviolence (re-edit mix), "Hurt", "Mesh", "Senses", all tracks by New Order.
I"m a Clairvoyant/ Medium & mom. :) Other then that I'm The Golden Randomee..you don't have to bow just cash ;)
Ekk! Hope I'm on that invite list ;-) I hear wedding bells....
Connie's reliable.
I got 1 for u #imagine madison:hey beautiful;)*picks u up* wanna hang out so I can brag to the Boyz about dating u!?! :)
Rudy missed you!!
Getting ready for services tonight.
If you told me in HS,the "dirtbike balance" game from accounting would turn into "Trials Evolution" on something called 360?
Awesome! RT : Funny enough, FREEDOM is what motivates me.
nope. Do you want me to?
We LOVE gettin emails sayin "Your order has been shipped!"
..just bought myself a mug that explains what makes a successfull rockette..i think it's awesome
1 in 10 bridges in Chicago area are structurally deficient! We need to fix them! Thank for helping the cause!
Drum set. Appear before me.
There are going to be some big changes coming in the next few months - are you ready? I am!
wow, i think i've gone on for a couple hours. it's been a while though. that was like when it first came out.
Happy Mother's Day! Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
Running late to pick up 8yo at school, 3yo watching Dora Me:where's my bra Him: I swiped it! Me:where 3yo: follow the map-arms crossed mom
Ohh lol my bad .. But you guys would be really cute
I always think playoff hockey over Game of Thrones is a no-brainer. Then it's 8:50 and I can't make up my mind.
I've got dreams in hidden places and extra smiles for when I'm blue. - Author Unknown
I cannot fathom why people cannot understand that Obama is a chimera and that he'll blow apart under pressure.
No freaking way...Wilson better not die on
What do you say to your kid when they are sad?
just some from school. Lol.
#ACFAMILYMEETING I ALWAYS GET EXCITED WHEN I HEAR FAMILY MEETING THATS THE ONLY THING I LOOK FORWARD TO ON MONDAYS
like when then?
What a day full of [not provided]. What's wrong, can't figure it out? :)
(x its optional practice! Plus I have training this week though so I can't go to both.
Ugh I feel hungover from too much sleep.
I can't enter, but you shld! RT Win #gigs4good tix tonight + ride. Tweet why w #ubertogigsforgood to enter!
At an event w/ Great organization who gives instruments to school music programs. Shout out to
I checked out SATTDOWN the other day and got my grub on. Let me know when we're rolling
Typical click through for SEO vs PPC: 88% SEO 12% PPC...wow!
List in Men's Health of most dangerous cities. Detroit, Miami, Baltimore, Newark and Dallas. Our mission for drug free families
Packing for tour tonight with so pumped!
Now that that's over, I can finally get to what I signed up to this for: live-tweeting "Finding Bigfoot."
Sunny day in San Francisco! Finally get to go out and play tourist!
If you want a free ticket to the Opening Night Party give us a shout - we got tickets, we got your back.
Currently hanging with the boys at 's house...
so facebook now has 901 million users, this is a sign for me to get off. ;-//
#IWillNeverTrust girls that play both sides of each situation .
Just got a Path
Shhhh.... Yes there is
So ! PLZ Tell to your friends to follow me because I need 1000 ! Because I can follow you again only If I have 1000 ! Love Effie
Thanks, Michael. #ABACLC to catch the Austin Flyer bus walk out of airport and walk to the RIGHT. Costs $1.
why do you think they changed the name from Department of War to the Deptment of Defense?
Imagine how different rap lyrics would sound if rappers were also financial planners.
love you too b word lol :)
Movies is what I do for work. Plus today's games are practically movies in and of themselves, i.e. Uncharted 2.
I'm so glad to see you awake.
MySpace and Facebook got a divorce.. Looks like Facebook got custody of all the kids.
i don't like seeing people so broken. i just want to make all ya'll feel happy cause i know what your going through. but i too, is a mess.
you got it girl!
there's 364 other days in the year to discuss. It would be nice if we kept 1 day celebratory
Should I follow him? RT Ran over to Walgreen's to get a prescription filled. What a beautiful day!
its time to take chances and find my own wings. <3
By whole foods salad bar you mean unlimited fruit roll ups right? RT : I imagine heaven looking a lot like the Whole Foods salad bar
Mitt Romney contradicts himself in the same sentence lol
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy
You know who is, and I know it's not you. LOL
when you beat a woman so bad, she decides to stab you, you're a villain.
tks for the mention Troy!
I already said no to her haha.
I enjoy it the most.
CH CH CH CHYEAH
I agree with on all counts. Plus I wear glasses ;-)
Hammonds Candies has a display in Whole Foods. Sweet.
Success often eludes us when it becomes an end in itself.
do you ever see yourself dating Tyler <3 x
what do you mean? Henry has been here for a while.
cause you never text me anymore
When you scream at the top of your lungs when comes on the preview for hip hop squares <3
dear Bedstuy Brooklyn- TURN THE MUSIC DOWN!!!!
Good thing my high school is actually fun , cause I would NEVER wake up this early for a boring school!
My two favorite teams played. One of them had to go through. It sucks #FCBarcelona didn't advance but I have to root for my #Chelsea now!
I'm still here.
“I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter! #minkoff4mark”
I tweet way too much and tweet limits a bitch. So, no more tweets. DM if important!! Night <3
Thank you Dallas! I missed a few of you, but all in all it was a great weekend. Hope the photos bring you all much success
we each did two....jerk. And they're pretty good right there.
By the way.. I can see your weave
So i think my frap is to sweet, smh! I need some water asap lol.
Hi Dale, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
laundry? that's a bummer! #Pizza tour sounds fun though!! yum! favorite toppings? :)
What will you do when YOUR the minority?? I'm glad that's something expected to happen in my lifetime.. I wanna see your face...
139 kids signed up to be summer readers this past Saturday ---have you signed up with us yet?
hahaha, for sure. i'm really fired up. thanks so much!
About to embark on a new recipe: Peanut Butter Pretzel Bites. Hoping they turn out yummy ... maybe can give a verdict later!
I keep thinking about her :/ any advice on what i should do?
Haha, did you read the yeast though, warm is fruitier, colder is more citrus. Hope the bathroom works with your flavor ideas.
Presentisim saves me from making a very bad mistake of assuming life has always been this way.
If you could build anything in the world- what would that tool look like and what would it do?
hello, Kevin from Giant Thinkwell here. Did you happen to get my mail last week about ?
thanks for the post!
Happy Hump day ! Let's get it On
Cheerfulness is what greases the axles of the world. Don't go through life creaking
Is there a delay to the Ustream?
The first vibe you get from someone is handsdown the best vibe..because it can go either way- up or down frm that point on.
time to be brilliant.
#WhenSummerGetHere we will continue to lounge in the sun like we have been doing all year round
They command the attention of the audience and cause them to take action
Started an Intro to Voice Over last night.
ask around town. Your bound to find someone good
Happy Tuesday!
and what's with the lady's turtleneck windbreaker?
RT : Everyone is getting peppermint mochas today. I get those fuckers year round. Outta the way posers.
Bored and I don't like being bored
Who'd win in a fight between & ?? Taking bets now..
i hate when i look at the window and see the reflection from the TV and think its a person :O
Hey everyone, my buddy is jumping into the Twitter universe head first. Please give him a listen. I promise it will be interesting
@ the movies Standing behind tall ass Scott Hastings.
RT : Better than average job growth in the next three years for Houston, Austin, Oklahoma City, Seattle, Portland and San Francisco.
Seems like a set-up, doesn't it? is so addled at this point I have to lob them in slowly. But it's the truth!
Lakers won! Bonfire time!
Legit though..
yes, thank you for checking! i see that you're the only one that cares =/
I have been forced to change my position on certain things lately. Gotta love assumption-shattering-narrative-architecture.
oh yeah, I'd have to have the docs open the whole time, copying and pasting.
you all looked fabulous at little door last night, happy birthday to Kelly, she was beaming brightly :)
Forrest Gump is on TBS. My Sunday is now ruined
NO FAT LADY SINGING YET!!!!!
Thank you!
Well let's face it, if I say I'm getting naked its a threat. If you do, there's a cover charge.
wait 4 next weeks show
Listening to some Boosie, about to head to the G-station. "Memories (Feat. Webbie)" by "Lil Boosie"
Hey thanks again for following, let me know if there is anything I can do for you. Visit kewlaire.com
Oh & two old btf songs two, I just felt like it was appropriate.
One last music note before finalizing direct mail & premium. Tesla has TWO?! cover albums?! This is why I love
#RonPaul is holding a town hall meeting in Ft. Worth at Will Rogers, 7pm
that's wright Homie! Welcome to Twitter!
I only ever see FB mentioned here. Never Twitter mentioned there. Seems there's huge inferiority complex going around.
The amount of terrible logic being exhibited in this film is staggering.
Thanks - got it. Unfortunately, I don't have an iPhone (yet) so I needed the complicated RSS feed
Squirrels and boys are basically the same, its all fun and games until someone loses a nut.
yes, I'm a #ROC tweep
hello angel..keep the music going
#Emmy great job!!! Congrats!
High Five it's *FINALLY* Friday. Just a warning- I may have to sing the song at some point today...
Thanks for the #FF mention !
Just broke in the new cast iron with some étouffée. Paired nicely with some wine and a little dash of Mario Bros.
you are missing all of the excitement in Nashville. Hope the family is away.
Several reasons, 1 people don't want to think about it being their husband, father, brother or son.
Lauren, I had a couple classes with (Lindsey). She had a mktg focus and is happy to talk to you about that stuff.
*HUGS AND KISSES
glad u enjoyed it! Followed, thanks for your support! <33
Shes about to get a whole lot of this <U+E41E><U+E410> from me.
If I keep my exercise/eating habits up, maybe I'll be close to my goal weight by Memorial Day weekend.
hope you can join us! :) it's super chill
Do you have 4 herbs that you cook with most? Planting your kitchen window box!
Happy Real Madrid is out of the tournament!
Sure! Let's connect. Send me a DM when you have a chance. Thx for the connection!
Nothin like going to CJs after a long day at work. :)
Spring Break on my mind with and 4 days ladies!!!!
Had an incredible dinner at #TheOysterBox tonight in #Umhlanga with and our US #Indaba hosted media.
oh, which one?
Hey! Here until Wednesday... I think? It's up in the air. How are you? Get my last #Facebook message?
Final #ff to
what can I say? I love hanging with my way cool third year friend
Coconut milk; unless in my lifetime proved otherwise, it's the absolute worst thing I've ever tasted in my life.
Leadership is believing that those around you deserve your best. And knowing that they need it to become their best.
CW renews Supernatural, Vampire Diaries and 90210.
hope you had a great night!
You know what's better than an MGK song? 2 MGK songs!
RT : I just watched the Twins offense screw their newest starting pitcher out of a win, can I get a retweet?
I loved getting to spend time with today! I'm gonna miss my cohort when we're exiled to dissertation land (and beyond)!
Beautiful "shift" in words, from "pay" to "ENJOY!" So let's BE IN JOY!! The Choice is mine; how am I choosing??? (see previous tweet...)
Hope your day is wonderful! RT : ...;)
Thanks for the follow, Lewis. I followed you back. :)
Chili Chicks at with on stage. Great show, dance floor & crowd. Loving great live Country music.
Stupid freakn rednecks wrecked a damn fourwheeler by my house and now my power is out
After sitting behind the camera this past year, there are so many things I wish actors knew...
got you.
EYE TUNES
Life is so good right now. I"m sure I'll wake up soon.
So like, 5 people saw me naked yesterday.
not in a bad way. I understood the joke.
Lakers coming back!! Yeah
RT : Mark Shriver is seriously the real deal. So smart, passionate and realistic. It's all about Early Education.
Technology comes to town!
If you could go any place in the world right now, where would it be, and why?
Ha ha, yes this was a fun post to create! RT : Now I want to binge on donuts....
I've realized that I hate new relationships. I like the old ones because at least then i know what to do...
LOL, with empathy
My brother is a monkey
hey gourgusee. (: imma miss u tonight;)
In 48 hours, I've had a burrito, a hashbrown and a salad. I'm dying
RT : Wow. So this is news. Makes buying an Epic Pass for the season all that more attractive, especially for families.......
its sold out though! :/
Welcome Andrew! Join the fun :)
My appraisal went really well. It really showed my growth as a teacher.
wut?! about what?
we might be tasting one of your beers! Can't wait to see what does for us.
great job on ur last fight and you do have the fastest ko!!!
Bi-Winning- the act of winning both here and there. A bi-winning person is someone with the blood of a tiger. The opposite of bi-polar
thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
FYI I'm eating granola w. my legs propped on the tree stump I use as a coffee table listening to instrumental covers of Death Cab for Cutie.
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else<3
At the half, 26-Austin College 36.
Reunited and it feels so good!
Was Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?
Mazel tov to grandmother, mother, & baby!
Friday nite go to the Hi Ho Lounge on St. Claude Ave to hear Denton Hatcher. Rockin'!! (shameless promo of band hubby plays in)
hudson? to represent america? shame on you. get a bourbon from kentucky (or lairds bonded applejack). dm me for recs
Doors open and 5 and happy hour until 6pm... Join us tonight for delicious tapas and fresh sangria!
that's a foul and the goal isn't ?!
Whatever my girlfriend is doing I hope she's out safe<3 I love you babe!
u say ur not there for pleasure, ur there for ur daughter, yet u go drinking w ur ex for his bday... that makes no sense if u ask me
think yes
cant wait to see with 100+ yds and 3 tds on MNF against the Raiders to start the season! Go Broncos!
New JC Penny commercials remind me of old Target ads but Target actually featured stuff they sell. Does Pennys sell catholic school jumpers?
Pushing legislation to enact hangover policy on national drinking holidays
High School Seniors, you're gonna miss it when its over....#JOKING!! College life is 10 times better lol. Ha, fooled you!
I get that way for a few minutes then I'm back to normal.
Anyone else at Mutemath at HOB tonight?
Tucsson's Business Clubs America presenting the first of 6 business seminars today for members. Will be happening at BCA member U of PHX
Trip to the chiropractor yielded an unexpected, but highly extremely satisfying massage and an incredible adjustment!
Oh yeah, did I mention I got a follow from fucking ?!
#ShopDSE Beautiful Detroit Day.
Yay! So happy for you that gets to come be with you for a little while! Have fun guys and be safe!!
Old skills matter: ques nego/ref interview req w/ people who don't/can't say what they want or need. Our job is to help.
"I think I got some of that new strain of Bird cock swine flue all over my legs. It's horrible!"
I am so Loving this season so far
what is the Better Series?
I guess you have a point there. Maybe I was too concerned about my fantasy baseball team's stats to see it
We'll announce when/how sign ups open right here. How old are you?
Congrats on the fence! I love having a garden, so nice to pluck out what I need for dinner. Doesn't get any fresher.
Ugh...one of these days I'll do that do not call number for my cellphone.
I told somebody at work you need to punch it in the chest like in The Rock/Pulp Fiction The allergy person was terrified
Hey Jim! Just saw that you're teaching a ebook career class at The Writer's Store in LA. Congrats and have fun!
Attending a workshop on how best to report on #AU/NEPAD programmes and projects here in addis ababa
Best acceptance pose by men showing leg making fun of Angelina ever.
Happy Birthday beautiful!!!!!
It burns! RT : #PowerPoint pet peeve: black, or dark, backgrounds with white and red text.
One of our favorite quotes from Aron Ralston at People to Know last week: "The boulders in our lives are our greatest blessings." We'd...
I am embarrassed to be a #chiefs fan today.
Wow, what's your fav?! RT : food is crazy good in my top 3 BBQ spots in Philly
Knisches and Hummus is my power food for Boise rectal resizing
those new kits are slick!
yes, saw it - so much going on this weekend - when are those clones coming - it is 2012 already, chop-chop!
happy birthday honey boo boo!!!!
On Bowery excited to see perform!!
Message tonight changed the way I think about Social Justice, and therefore, my life. The wheat and the weeds, man.
Wishing Jesus Christ a Happy Birthday. Thanks for everything so far.
I really shouldn't be eating 2 biscuits and gravy but I need some comfort food, dammit!
Last day of school tamarrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
wats the move in orlando tho?
At the end of the day I just wanna be happy!
Thanks. Looking forward to talk to you soon.
Oh, , I forgot that at the Herald you all roll deep.
News: Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings
Good Morning , today is day 2 of States..Wish us luck & please have a nice day.
Hi Mr.Ricky !!
what u watching
drawing from imagination this time.
Possibly the worst UPS Store is #4405 at 6140 Gun Club Road, Aurora, CO 80016. Terrible service, don't care about customers! AVOID!!!!
My apologies to the guy in the Acura who i unjustly flipped off on the way to the hospital. When wife is in labor, things like that happen.
Living good, feeln better.
So where u going?
Any suggestions for the best article on the need for open access in the #humanities? Looking to prompt some internal discussion.
Yeah, I think that it's going to be interesting to hear what Matt Damon has to say. Midterms done, now off to prepare for SITE.
Oh I kno...wait...do I kno you?
Rearranging my room! x3
Just embarrassed you ovie
I LOST THE GAME.
"You're not my life, but you're the one I want to spend it with. You're not my world, but you're the best thing in it."
Love getting calls in the middle of the night from my euro family.
I wish I could be there tonight! You will do a beautiful job.
im going after my dreams, oe day i'll be a famous singer and i will meet janet!!
it was already dead when i found it! Pinky swear! :p
outlets with mama (:
These brands are identified to be world’s finest chocolates
Dear Media, Enough with the worrying about Weiner! What's done is done.
I'm pretty sure a lot of people are gonna wanna bet me!! But I'll get the last laugh!!
He's really, really trying to be MJ.
on ASS Mr Nice Watch he lick my nut up lol
Good looking out
Awlready. I'm gonna grab that #BlueMagic by when I hit the crib. You should do the same. no doubt.
Omg mr rogers neighborhood and arthur oh an dragon tales :D between the lions Omg !! X)
": I should call deshawn & wake his ass up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>"i would have beat cho ass!!!
I said it starts tomorrow foo RT you say that after having like 4 cookies today....plus no Moes?
I swear better hit me up or our friendship is over!!!! Squirt is going bye bye lol
"At any age you can still IGNITE YOUR PURPOSE through finding your PASSION" - Bishop T.D. Jakes
for me, when I realized the relationship had purpose.
you need a better pic that's not gonna cut it
We following you guys now, do work!
hell no...
Thanks to Roeland Park KS mayor Adrienne Foster for inspiring others @ the Latina Leadership conf.
Just wrapped up an interview w/ Studio Tulsa. Listen to it tomorrow @ 11:30 and 7pm on KWGS 89.5
club Jenna girl, but I'm not sure of her name at the moment
on another note. i want a slim fit short sleeved baseball jersey. thats all
But the lovers they hate me too.
Guess I'll do my hair since I'm wide awake! O_o
I laugh so hard everytime I see Luis.
"Silent Phillies fan" has to be my favorite sound.
You're more than welcome! So glad we could help.
Fade Out! here we go....
Are we gonna do this or what? I think you know I like you a lot, but you're 'bout to miss your shot ; Are you gonna kiss me or not? ;)
Shout out for Shout out? Tweet me!<U+2665>
Good morning everybody Just wanna thank god for another day.
My nose is like a freakin faucet. #BoyzHitStamford whos excited?
Bout to go spark up tho!
playing with my new puppy, my power was out for two days, it just came on at like 4:00 today. Loll
Love each other with genuine affection, and take delight in honoring each other. (Romans 12:10)
Holy poop nugget there is traffic on the island already omg... :O
Miss me little when gone
making this a solo trip...dont have time for this
Most of the students at my school can't read an analog clock. I don't blame them, I put it on technology, but damn I feel OLD!
When I get off work I'm gonna finish the video for the White Girl Wasted MegaMix. Retweets/Reblogs would be a perfect Bday gift! *wink*
#Flyers missed a glorious scoring chance on their first attempt of the game by hitting the post.
tomato,AIRPLANE
yeah, nothing more exciting than looking up while in the shower and seeing the upstair tenants tub!
good for you, I may join you!
I wanted to ask u a question! How many times a week do u work out? Lol :)
How many services is everyone singing this weekend? What's the best one for music?
How many times a nigga gotta burn you before you leave him alone?
awesome! I cut deals. The most reliable and easy to work on van. Make him buy it so I can tattoo already.
Wonderful time in NYC. Windows open, breeze blowing through, bringing the smells of dozens of neighbors cooking. Great, now I'm hungry.
Cupcake Clan! Yea... thats it! Bribe with cupcakes!
what'd i miss?
think you were hacked!
boom. the infection has been completed. “: The Burn has been stuck in my head all day at work”
Did it not convert right for you or something?
thanks Nathan!
Yo we got a show November21 @ The Polish Club with ThatSameSunrise, Vela, NFA, and more! Tickets are $5! Congrats to btw!
social media movie - wonder if it is worth going...
come take me to see titanic! You are due for a visit anyway : )
Love Gregg Williams speech minus ACL and concussion comment. Great coach and motivator would love to play for a guy like that.
Thanks! It's surprising how different it feels to stand at a computer.
Just took quite a spill in the sams parking lot
Why am I awake ?
Me and brody are making bank.
if it is public information it's fair game.
Saying "I'm sorry", and saying "I apologize" mean the same/interchangeable in almost all scenarios... except if attending a funeral.
Oops! Cool stuff! Not cook
IN now-HAPPY TAURUS bday's...
Whenever I do that, I wonder if passers-by know that I'm walking to the beat...
THANK YOU PO PAPA GOD. :).
Wings over everything > Money over everything
RT : RT : People u should check out and in tonights #janebydesign they are ...
Why yes of course I would wake up at 4am just to post on Twitter! I hope some of you are getting more rest than me. ^jl
The decline of traditional marriage has nothing to do with the #GOP assault on the middle class and everything to do with those evil gays.
I'm SO relieved/happy that Robin turned out to be the bride. FINALLY i'm almost guaranteed a endgame for one of my TV ships.
Matthew should've fought harder for Mary. He's a lawyer, for Pete's sake. He should know how to make a strong case! :)
Im my way to greenville
That's a disappointment. Was looking forward to it. MT I'm going to finish THE MARRIAGE PLOT, but what an unrelenting chore.
sorry my friend. So frustrating! Great meeting you today though, see you tomorrow.
If you missed Part 1, track it down. Good reporting, good writing, good stuff. RT : Part 2 of "49 Miles, 49 Minutes" coming Sunday.
Thanks Laura!
no, dude, I mean an actual Motorola DROID, not whatever HTC deal you're messing with. Or is it the Android OS you don't like?
Just chilling like the top door.
Fed is focusing on STEM education important building block for innovation.
Hello from the table to your right! Sad our tables didn't get paper and crayons.
MY BOY MOVE SO MUCH BRITNEY SPEARS, THEY GAVE THAT NIGGA KEVIN FED TIME!
Dude! There is a dubstep remix of the Juliet hardcore song. DOPE as fuck.
can you RT some of our tweets please?
Playing at AJs in #Destin tonight with ! Fireworks at midnight over the Harbor
Yes, but school's for fools!
I just may have a contact for you. But not until after going public. A lot of doors will be opening up.
Great show last night!
Um, no. That link in your tweet has a big Play button that needs a product called _Media Player Lite_.
hope there's no thunder tonight, so you catch some sleep
party doing psa for only you can save energy chateau marmont
We miss you! How've you been? :)
Cafe special for Friday & Saturday: $9.75-Spaghetti & Meatballs, served with side salad and garlic bread.
I have a verifid
you sing very good
Back to the game
Blogger VS Wordpress. What is better to make a website and why?
its good enough to take some big manmeat to lay on it
Most lamed songs on turntable.fm are no surprises Rick Astley, Rebecca Black and Skrillex.
Why yes, it is a Rage Against the Machine kind of day.
One thing I can say about Drake is that most of his music (that Ive listened to) doesn't degrade women
Is this when you had a 3p Armani suit on and ordered the most amazing grilled cheese of your life...#gd x's
Sadly, MTPO is still temporarily UCB-only following recent DDOS attack. We'll tweet news as soon as we have any.
don't start with this april fools shit -_-
Cool designs + Comfortable fit, Urban Outfitters definitely has them
Im workin on it :) RT : I have 12 shirts, 2 tanks, a hoodie, and crewneck. You should restock "Hootlife" in large
“: Great. Wisconsin even won Miss America. #NotOurYearMinnesota” so true!
Good Morning...Enjoy Your Day!
Hi Bryan, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you build customer profiles to understand their experiences DM?
Looks like a last minute change in plans- won't be going to the reserve game after all.
how many more floors are there?
Ah I hate saying "No", I feel bad :/
Nothing more maddening than #NPR wasting time w. #Santorum's speech which, even by his standards, said nothing.
Preparing for June 11. What is everyone up to?
Nothing makes me chuckle more than a bad pun.
do you think they'll have another walk on role if a season 3 comes out?
posted pics on facebook ;)
Dude your hair is awesome. You're also a super talented vocalist!
Nothin like starting your day with getting blood drawn. Bring it on Tuesday.
KG is nice. He 1 a my fav guys too. iUse ta b a huge VC fan bcuz of how he dunked lol
awesome!!! you rock thanks :D
That's some nice ink!
I love what the Browns did in the draft. Got exactly what they needed most.
Me too! I think I'm just excited about being unavailable for crises.
You're like a coin, not valuable but two faced.
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
i wish the usa could do it
RT : Get a great deal on #parkbenches, no matter what they’re made of.: These 3 Seat Wooden Park Benches with Contour......
Basketball is like life, everytime the ball hits the foor i sink a lil' more
I know! Scares me tho bc will all old articles still comprise questions on the exam??
Hahahahaha :) love it. <U+2665>
Why do you all feel the need to throw snowballs at people who are just trying to do their jobs? C'mon Madison, you can do better
Clothes ironed....look fabulous today - a sure thing.
the better question is who's waiting till tonight to start drinking?
Don't worry. It's on the playlist.
For you Mary, done!
Follow me at
"Jerry just remember ... It's not a lie ... if you believe it" - George Costanza - Ha!
just killed it!
Agreed. Just making sure you're not making the 'designers have to do everything' argument - you happen to be very good at both.
Eminem and Dre in top form. Amazing collaboration back in the day - evolved to incl. Rihanna and Skylar Grey
shanna i love you so much, cant wait until the all girl sleepover thing.. welp your my sister and my best friend. cal me<3
You are welcome! Fleet Week is a favorite event & I love to spread the news! It's what I do best. Micci
Bill Barron & brother Kenny, " Live at Cobi's 2" on Steeplechase. Love that urgent tone Bill has. The brothers play well together.
Happy Holidays to all...
those are all excellent choices!
I hear ya. “: Why? RT : Just texted with a lawmaker. Weird.”
Who do I speak with about a potential company for ATDC? I assume it is you, but don't want to waste your time if not.
Best Pic Oscar: The Sting. Butch & Sundance ride again!
No, I have to go to a presentation about ghost and the supernatural. :/ Are you going??
you should come to Cali one day for a vacay
mesh Well not mess lol
I was only looking at your nametag, honest!
Justin Bieber to pen song about accusations of fathering a child, morality of gay adoption.
You'll do great things when you discover how to live your passions. Connect your passions to everything you do today.
i see you finally listened to me and got a twitter :)
Central authority figures are no longer authoritative. We're controlling all of us.
yawn .... good night all.
RT Tomorrow is Saint Patrick’s Day. Retweet if you’ve eaten a green fruit or vegetable today.
when they wander into your yard, they become candidates for coq au vin
What do Michale Buble, Taylor Swift, Hillsong United and Motley Crue all have in common?
Go Emily! You can do it!
The only alcohol you drink is light beer. Step yo game up.
Shout out to for appreciating the work we put in together.
When moms cooked dinner you ate what she cooked if not
We want to boo the Rangers fans on the #DCMetro. I know it's not nice, but we want to scream, "Go #Caps!"
Sorry for your loss Huge global pedophile ring busted, officials say cnet.co/egsGJ2
Wow, mother nature is pretty bipolar.
half a year, i just feel really bad for all the people in SA! ;( & cuz of alex!
BabaBooey to y'all!!!
college for an nfl alumni panel.
Its make sense for Santorum wage war against an industry that turns his last name into a sex act. They video taped it, then monetized it.
middle finger by mac miller>>>
What instrument?
I monitor Twitter for FTB mentions. If you require help, follow me and DM and I will have someone call you. I am with FTB.
": Niall was at the darts tonight."
Volstad is huge
In my conference experience, there will always be people less dressy and more dressy than I am, & I'm ok with that!
Happy Passover, Go Heat!!!
Awesome! How r u?RT : Hi. How are you?
Good things do happen around Christmas! got a call saying someone found my stolen present :)
THE CJCI can always be counted on to share some of the best BLING!
just looking out for our #SportingKC family
Moon pie ice cream. I love the South.
I mean CAN'T pull them together. Going off the Term Sheet, fishing for fiscal notes on new streams would delay vote several days
since yesterday! Sprint, sir.
RT - followed me!
Um...hm... RT Joy Behar on interracial marriage: "I'm really sad I haven't tasted me some chocolate." #TheView Get em!
falling faster, barely breathin, give me something to believe in
why don't you tell him that i'm leavinn, never lookin' back again.
Mad busy...getting ready for the next show....More details to come! Stay tuned party people!!!!
I heard that when you hit the cap, Miz drops down from the stars to recruit you into an allstar intergalactic block dropping army.
idk. Juana told me she was. I'm confused now lol
Hey can you guys add the Alternate kit in an update?
Those are good too. :)
alright love you
Yes n Deed! Yes n Deed!
Overhearing three students talk about the survey they took. It was from 's #j202 class.
The struggle for freedom, justice, human rights and against racism is a global battle.
Come thru we at Rocca Bar...R.I.P Tiff...Black and White Halloween!
I've always wondered... is it more important to have style or class? Anyone have any thoughts on that?
Also help your elder relative increase safety. Remove clutter from floors and stairways, improve lighting and always wear a helmet on bikes.
NO SLEEP ALL STUDY YAY FINALS
I officialy dis own courtney as a friend !
the streets seem to be safe once again
lmao acting like you didn't forget about me too!
Working on the new catalog with many new products. Stay tuned!
I had carrots with dinner it reminds of louis :P
Hey Brent, hows it going down there in SD tonight. Anything fun going on
I knew in '05 Fla's stand ur ground law was going to end in some innocent AA boy being killed
can we please hang out soon that dance picture got me all reminiscing and shit #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
is the roof part closed right now Ala Sunday 1:10 games?
Thank you to everyone who came out to #iMappening 2012 and made it such a wonderful success! See you next year!
Miss m was with me. "Look," she said, "that tortoise is trying to climb on the other tortoise's back! You can do it, little guy!"
Unlocking Video Challenge submission period ends Sunday 5/8. 5 more days to get your submissions in! bit.ly/e03ObY
The Admissions process for the next semester has started, for more information go to http//www.bramsonort.edu/
Stay faithful.
Lovely days lead to lovely nights, and lovely nights... well, hopefully they lead to breakfast. :)
my seven nights starts tonight. im just counting down until i am part time in june. i just cant wait YAY!!!!!!!!!!
getting my kinect boxing on <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Ships today ;)
Epic month
Do they sell deep fried brass knuckles?
he's not on that level
This #OhioSt #Gonzaga game is fun to watch so far!
would you guys kill me if i say i legit think that you deserve a cactus up your ass?
Why would you ever move away from this amazing place? Now we can't be spoons and stuff darn it
This is our time, Now
:-/ bummed about the wifi issue. that sucks, and what 4 more hours to go?
Who cares! RT : Fact: The Duggars spend $4,000 a month on groceries. #19KidsAndCounting: First Grandson special, tonight at 8/7c.
He said his name was lil fat fat from fair st. I said yeah I use to be over there my ppl stayed in the white house across the gate from CAU
so you dont care anymore
meet you at the shack tonight? Via dreamland?
"We have these old weird ones with hot women on the covers". And they're like "is the viking song one here?"...
REtweet if youve every been cheated on or played:/</3
Paul Ryan: Obama' health care law will kill job creators . Election about the American dream
Thanks, Manuel! Horses are good people ;)
lol yep. for both of us. hahaha
My student, an American, landed a role of an English girl. Her competition included real English actresses!
Thanks for following!! Love your work! XOXO
Wildflower is an awesome school in need, worthy of our help #coloradosprings They value #play in education!
LOL! Too funny! Guess who my fictional soulmate is? Sue Sylvester from Glee
“: Some1 on our Facebook ph recommended Scott Bakula.”---seriously?!?! Think BIG. Tom Cruise has a movie this summer to promote
There is something so lovely about the singing voice of a child...: )
I'm still n da H...just watched this lady give a homeless man $20...0_o
haha! I still haven't used my put a bird on it app to it's fullest potential
New show: 10 hours and 23 minutes :)
Delete mo nga ung tweet mo.
The #1 cutest black guy ever (in my book) is Marcus Hopson. <3
Looks like I may have a summer internship after all!!! Yes
Im OBSESSED with song #BOYFRIEND ! its so good!<3
Citigroup handed my loan to who is totally screwing up my credit
Diamonds are forever , she my bitch forever!
either of you around? and I are in the Gaslamp area.
Just published my first Umberto Eco tweet, footnoted in an article... In English.
yes I be so frustrated
Thy word is a lamp unto myfeet, and a light unto my path. Psalms 119:105
hey plz follow me bac Hav something 2 tell u n I really wanted 2 c u @ citywalk but my mom said no were goin on June 5 :(
This weather is not helping my cold
Glad you found the page - good luck!
BE PRO-ACTIVE this weekend! Check your roofs. I know b-o-r-i-n-g. But what you may discover could save you MOOLAH in leaks later on.
Life is so confusing right now...
my birthday was thursday, can i get a tweet from my idol?! :) <33
Ppl say u have drama butt u don't<<<<<<<
It is really fun listening to #Cubs games, 3-0 winning in the eighth, now 3-3 bottom 10, error on sac bunt, first and third no outs.
If Steelton hasn't changed since the last time I was there, that runoff is like a country club.
Good work girlie.
Reason to #party today: Something good is happening to someone somewhere! like ur friend, family, biz associates,random dude at starbucks!
<U+E312><U+E112>HAPPY BIRTHDAY <U+E112><U+E312>
haha no. fixed it faster than they could respond.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 52
that bullet time....stuff out of a movie bro
me too, I don't like mine
Back at my mommas for the week. Miss my baby already. I love you Brian! We will be back again soon. <3
please notice me I try everyday and hopefully today is the day!
I celebrate the me yet to come
its sad that it takes someone to die for people to notice there is a problem...
Isn't it? Tell !
Thanks for the RTs , , and
Same shit I been telling ya weary pathetic in and out of love every other wk ass with a new guy....where are your prevention friends; damn.
Wait, what just happened? RT Ppl wana sleep under the fan n have ac on but b the 1 taking all the covers
Highway Unc iorn Road To Love I Wan t gaga
Great stuff at the #ProBonoInstitute conference in DC. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to speak tonight.
Ima miss seeming the seniors Monday at school
Good morning sunshine!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>hope you're feeling better !!!!
Rocked it on Good Company this morning. Very impressive.
Rumors that city will be evicting tonight. Sanitation workers advised some occupiers down at MP they would arrive at 11:30pm.
I'd go with an 8ft+ spinning outfit around medium action. You don't want something so heavy you don't feel strikes
Didn't know was following me. Dope
Are you accusing us of a shameless/desperate Twitter marketing stunt to further our own popularity? #accurate RT I don't buy it.
1st Question, Where The Safe At Nigga!
Do you support Spaz's termination yet?
all the databases I have access to start at 1970 even
It's game day...hopefully today flies by
This sounds terrible, but I am legitimately afraid of anorexic people.
Looking forward to hosting #GenCon Indy this week. Come see us in the Circle Centre Mall. We're opening at 8 a.m. on Thurs. Fri. and Sat.
and on a side note, I haven't been this excited for a game in recent memory
shutup. Youre beautiful. Dont ever let someone tell or make you think otherwise<3
Shawni need to get back in fuckin contact w me bro. She piss me off when she do this shit...
happy b-day Bro!!
Holiday shopping from the comfort of your own home! www.TheArtPlant.com
Got some special stuff for tonight. Make sure to come in & see what goodies I found because I had to try a different market today!
The principles of how to put together an "IBM PC" were created in the 1980s when manufacturers created what were called clones.
i miss you filzo!
Pleasant morning, beautiful afternoon, and now this awful night. Somebody shoot me please.
Request Request Request: (Bad Bad Bitch)!!!
hey I'm sorry... I've been in a lot of pain this pregnancy, how you been?q
here, just sent you an email about an opportunity for next week. Lemme know what you think...!
Looking for a home in the Austin area? www.Luxury-homes-in-Austin.com
Record numbers tonight in my #CoreFusion #Cardio class and it was the loudest I've ever heard them count the 5,6,7,8!!
Last day of school for me is June 27 blah
,,,he he.....Just ,in first of all saying,..Sorry, i feel Really BAD that it has taken me So long since the end of Sunday's
Looks like NY surrenders. RT BREAKING: I have found a bottle of Jack Daniels. #developing ...
let's work ! Shoots ?
Blue Skinned Guardians
I really really really HATE contest rules.
Those people that put some form of smiley in every single text
Dead wolf photos stir tensions in West SALMON, Idaho (Reuters) - Photos of dead and maimed wolves have pervaded the Internet in recent we
At an IHOP near Grand Rapids...all the servers are my age
the musical stabs in John Wayne movies are unreal
watchoo doin creeping on innocent hipsters?
Baby do it for the thrill o that's wat u want?.!!!
Remember when we were 17 just trying to fit in the downtown scene
Only Minnesotans will stop to ask you how your day is going if they have called the wrong number
I think your mommy loves me :)
no.... Its an order!!!!! Lol cant wait to see you son dork :p
If you took a shot each time Harbaugh was upset with officials in this game, you'd be dead.
what is the app about?
can you let eceryone know about your fan club at
Okay, 3:40, I HAVE to sleep now. ;~; Goodnight~
“You can call me whatever you want,SNAKE, BITCH or OTHER WOMAN, but I promise you, I will never be a PATHETIC and BORING housewife.
Ireally dislike the TV with a passion b/c ain't shit on
Bed time...then Baltimore...then Denver...So excited abt the new administration!
I know that Patrice is and i think Rashella as well.
congrats on the IP nomination! I <heart>
I'm pretty sure Pres Obama would wipe the floor with Newt, but it is something to think about.... History does repeat it self time to time
I am completely full today I'm not going to eat anything else until tomorrow
Off to join the conversation around Milwaukee Succeeds. We're ready to see students reach their potential!
Watching a Globe Trekker (Lonely Planet!) episode about Rome. Great series for travel/history fans. The coliseum, Vatican, Roman Senate!
Weighed in at 150 lbs....Feeling fit and ready....Thanks to everyone for your support.
I just sewed a dress, practically, well almost, it counts tho!!!
Standing with bhv_station with our mouths wide open c:
Can you send me contact info on Bella? I will post an alrt on Facebook and website too - .
because your so hansome.. and everyone loves you...you our hero.
love when we o
Yeah like replaying it all the time! Or stopping time when I hug Hills! :))
True - but I'll bet if grandpa OHd their odds would dim somewhat haha
Wondering why varies up to 0.3mi when measuring the exact same course.
where your not Jack...
Hopefully it will feel more intimate! It's so big right now you feel so far from the action.
Adams: The whole disability system is kind of based on 1950s America. It's morphed gradually over the years, but doesn't (cont)
Will do, Prof
DON'T PLAY STUPID WITH ME ...I'M BETTER AT IT
please say hi back please I beag u please you are so cool please I beag of u please u awsome please
lol no they won't. They hate you
People who take the elevator to the 2nd floor need to be shot in the knees so they have a reason not to take the stairs
Lmao no +k for me?? Hahaha
": I'm a little tea pot" short and stout here is my handle here is my spout
#YouUseToManyMeaninglessHashtags golf is better than you.
In the end, it was all about the money for Pujols. Feel bad for #Cardinals fans.
+ Congratulations Dacia - now a published author!!! :-)
umm.... pain medication... they want me to shut up and sleep but i never will
Cant see how u past dudes fkd up.
its a song...
It's great to be connected on Twitter. I'll be in touch soon about next interview steps. Have a rockin' great day!
hey talia- when you get here, ask the bartender for an envelope I left for you.. you get some drink chips :)
Hah. No kidding goods. :) OK ? xx.
Hi Artie! You are the cutest bunny I ever did see!
RT : #Google has $43 billion in cash...
I'm counting down the hours, minutes, seconds... Until we're together. :)
I just meant if you are on reddit that I'd follow you if you have an active username.
Hi Alex, looking to network with business minded individuals and ran across your profile. How are things in Canada?
Everyday Twitter also reinforces that famous and stupid are inseparable
Scorpions - The best is yet to come (with lyrics): via
I'm at Open BI initiative #edu11 and coffee is no longer being sold? WTW?
ahahahaha although I live in the US I voted for london(: lol
lol very true
i have no idea yo but im going to bed hun, night love you!!!!<33
yeah, every time some one says "I'm a Christian so (insert generalization here)," I'm like, "um ..."
Ah first day of school...remember to slow down in those school zones now! :)
like i said, just lucky... i was on and he was on! i alos didnt and dont spam him like some people tend to do..(not u)
Lol! They are dope! Proud to represent brudda :D
is having its first general planning meeting tonight at Coffee Cave 45 Halsey Street 7pm ALL ARE WELCOME!!\
And that's an hour of my life I'll never get back
Never saw a dude roll a blunt on a bus! It just got real!
love you :*
Its Monday Morning. Forgive me if I grunt excessively.
OMG YOU HAVE TO
blowing up like balloons right now!
I can't fully articulate how much I hate my Chromebook. Everytime I try to like it it shits in my face. Wish I bought a MacBook Air.
RT : #ff the new and best way to drink your beer you have to see the way it works for yourself!
I miss u so much!!
hey thats me.:)
YESS HE IS !!! HES A VERY ATTRACTIVE GUY
lol I'll talk to him ;)
Congratulations to Brian from the HubSpot team for his finalist nomination, and thanks to MassTLC for honoring our fearless leader
You give what you give, what you dont give is lost forever, this day will never come again
RT University of Richmond Robins School ranked #1 in International Biz for 2nd str8 yr by Bloomberg BusinessWeek
#np running (dying to live)
I asked "How did he make that!?!?" but then I realized that Dirk Nowitzki is a flamingo.
Happy Mothers Day to my tech mama 's where I get all my awesome nerdiness :-)
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mommies!! <U+2764>
#smbmad #ford Excited is under statement. We are almost at capacity & have great sponsors. What more could U want.
making an effort to change it :D
check out who's on 1st with Abbott and Costello.
Just seems I've never in my life heard of a guy calling into work sick with a migraine but countless women do every month.
Purple and Blue, and Neons! lets just say
I can't see the little pictures :l I have an android ...
I fucking hate bus stops that don't have a bench !
Have a great weekend!
so do I!!!! Let's go this summer!!! Shall we?
Thanks for making a great event happen for !
There's a difference between implementing the mandates and advocating/agree with them, isn't there?
RT : Looking for something to do? Don't forget we're celebrating #BlackHistoryMonth with events planned now through 2/29...
Not to be a downer but so far age 5 is proving to be the same way. My child can demolish a room in no time flat!
Basic video needs: Hi-resolution camera, tripod, learning how to shoot/frame, lighting kit, clip-on mics, and editing software.
Seau 911 call. Dispatcher: "Where did he shoot himself?" Girlfriend: " I can't tell ma'am, it looks like in the heart."
Besides, wake me up when it's Phila vs NYY.
Nothing goes better with a hot day than iced coffee, patio seating, and #fireflycupcakes!
Cute shot. BTW love your song to that Fireblossom on Youtube!
Proving point about genius of the collective: crazy brilliant ideas for ArtGameLab. PS I want to be Zork
Sun is down, time to get down.
Noon starts w/ Breaking News about street closure @ I &11 & said ”reason 4 street closure was unclear,” 1 search 4 #occupydc = BP!
My zipper on my pants broke today, that's crazy they are the most expensive pair I own. Not too tight either!
Mostly is evaluating articles not only citations but tweets/FB/Citeulike etc.
I am going to be late for my 9am but I'm back on Twitter bc I also wanted to give a shout to & their teen playwright fest on Sat.
love my life! even my stress has a way of letting me know I AM ALIVE!!! Have a good weekend Friends!
Petitioning "House to House" with a team of Genesee County neighbors today. Our momentum is really catching on in the GLOW counties!
Not by name, but items like Pork Soup Shao Loong Bao are dim-sum-ish.
. Too bad it wasn't cited well, bc that book is actually very good
TOMORROW IS GONNA BE SO AMAZING FOR ALL THE #MAHOMIES OUT THERE!! Knocke em' dead Mahone (;
Agree, my gut says he's out for the season. Day to day for 3 weeks is never a good sign...
BECAUSE YOU ARE.
any time, it was great to see yous all!
Perfect day!
Heading over to the Hard Rock with Doc to see Aaron Lewis of Staind! It's going to be a great show
Today went by so fast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
so did the Fins know about Marshalls night club incident when they traded him? hm
I don't want to rub it in, but counting today, I have 5. I don't think I'm going to make it.
bowling like a gee!! cause
when oh when is the collage coming out?
u should come to vegas to teach! :)
Heading to Fresh and Easy with the Roomie IM STARVING!
and many of these lawyers in Congress. Bad idea.
is super awesome now that he's on Twitter!!!! Follow him guys!!!!!
Good luck! RT : I will be #bobsting for my LAST FINAL tomorrow night. Save me a seat?
"As he looks at Anna in her apron, his face beams with a great happiness."- CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
I need to get a focus group together for a scholarship program - any Baltimore leaders, community organizations, etc interested? Message me!
Anybody know of a good pube barber? I tip well.
Stunning. I'm very sorry for your loss. Hugs.
Attending GA . Good work happening!
"I'm going to go pay this $800 fine and my checks have baby farm animals on them, bitch!"
I feel like the #WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty trending topic is getting inappropriate.. Maybe it's just me idk lol
Finally got linked back up!
Hey! US & Canadian librarians! We're offering a special 20% discount on our CBO Psychiatry Collection! email for info
he better slow down with the food that is not safe. Things get hard & may be painful for him but he better get it 2gether quick
Joshua is killin it on American idol
So what's going on? I just called the WAC, asked if they had any spots open, then laughed heartily and hung up.
TebowGate: winner gets drinks - Kubs =Jags ...
Great set last night :)
looks cool as heck to me!
#Aquarius the country MB will take you to: Greece
it shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't...
Yes the weather around the southeast surely made plans changed for everyone! Hope you had a great trip back!
Some of our dudes are at today working with Crazy good stuff happening.
Happy Birthday! to
I love that you are consulting on #TheVoice tonight - where the heck have you been?
trying to convince my mom To let me go to your guys concert at the rave on April 22nd. Almost broke her!
when do y'all want to go let me know so I can ask off on a Saturday
Where is moving to?<33
No matter what, have fun.
DAMN YOU PIXELS!
it's a grace digital radio. The preset stopped working this week. I searched wcve and HD1/HD2 are listed but won't connect.
Seersucker is a bit more flexible but the rules are firm on linen and white accessories.
One realizes the full importance of time only when there is little of it left. – Paul W. Litchfield
Why was the hot guy voted off #DWTS? That's not how I would have played that one, America.
these are going to be the longest 3 weeks of my life.
And I need, my anger not to control.
PS: Have you heard about dance clubs that are powered by the energy of people dancing? (where else, but Scandinavia)
Lost a bit of my soul lastnight.
thank you :)
plus some pastry varieties, like pan in Japan.
the jetts told you to make it real, but you didn't...
absolutely I hope everything's okay
Can I get some whitespace? Please. The enter/return key is your friend. SeriouslyINeedSomeWhitespace.
Pumpkin fest. Pumpkin beer
Dear Self: GET OUT OF BED!
yeah me too. but now I'm serious about it because i cruise next month and I'm way too big to be cruising right now lol
B 1-0. “: POLL: which Club advances to the Champions League Final today,A) Barcelona orB)Chelsea? Letters only, please. #UCLonFOX”
Ahh! I didn't even think of that! Good idea
fuck smelly ass people.
rt : From Propellerheads, the makers of Reason: "Figure" for iOS. Holy crap this is rad. // so sweet... totally agreed
#toy2012- Keisha Lewis will always be our best!
Hey everyone complaining that Grammy's are delayed on west coast: Step away from your computer, go do something productive, and watch at 8pm
I got a new Video card yesterday. I was so excited to install it & play games, but it turned into 3 hours of frustration & blank screens :-(
It's beautiful and peaceful. You'll definitely be able to relax.
Another call saves Cal. Kenny Vac flagged for interference on 3rd and 20. Ugh.
Prince Royce ;)
headed stateside? Lemme know....
he accomplished more but sterling was waaaaaaayyyy better. If not for the injuries sky was limit for sterling.
My hair got three shades blonder just from the sun here
Yeesh! No more talk of darkness or 8 am meetings...
Another good dimension of our work. “: Global Civic Engagement as information professionals #iplan”
. is asking us to turn off cell phones...yeah, din't think that's gonna happen.
I liked the endgame but the episode sucked. Himym opposite imo.
Well Packer fans, the judges aren't gonna help any, so GET TO VOTING!
Talent gets you where you need to be, Character keeps you there.
I'm Gonna Do All I Can 2 Make The World A Better Place..
Freezing from the game! Need hot chocolate now! <U+2615>
well see ilse this is where your wrong ;)
Dora: What. was. your. favorite. part. of. the. day? Me: uhh not again nigga.. Dora: I. LIKED. THAT. TOO.
I hope your life is how you want it. I hope he's what you want.
dude.. I was.. No I'm actually still very pissed off!!
thanks for the shout out!
Off to San Diego!!
Ladies...if it doesn't work out between us, the VERY next guy will get you pregnant.
So my brother in law compared the army nanner I made him to pink socks that he shouldn't take to work. Lame... ;)
I've stopped watching clips and trailers for PROMETHEUS. I'm already sold. I want to walk into the movie and genuinely be surprised.
#MyPastRelationships don't remember them. Maybe cause they weren't real. I role solo because I'm unwanted.
Newark Jobs Fair -Wed 29th February- Town Hall-10am-2pm Come along and meet TRAVAIL to talk about local jobs, get information and advice.
No one has ever become poor by giving. –Anne Frank
#marriagechat - Hello all!!
I don't disagree, but part of the problem is that they keep shows that aren't highly rated. I love Parks and loved FNL. 1/2
Falling asleep to #ADayToRemember?! I'm bound to sleep good tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Loves having to be reminded to kiss my love before I leave the house.
Successfully reached over 4600 followers!
I wasn't at the time
So relieved that YouTube reinstated the Kate Upton video. Because it's an important statement about free speech.
Hi - any idea when the next Comedy Class Intensive will be??
great meeting/shootin you the other day at the school in san jo! footage looks great so far :) (i was the one with the j's)
Unfortunately, I'll be out of town on a hike tomorrow morning ...
Catch me if you can though.
can you take naps at work? Just saw on the news a few nights ago that local company has a nap room at work for employees.
i still cant trust you exbestfriend ):
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Kabul
Living the life <3
thats so cool! You can come early and watch me!
Morning, everyone. :)
we shall see!!
PatMania 2 is on hold. But have no fear.. new #patCAST's are on the way!
RT : Great job by on outlining concerns facing school and public libraries, especially issues!...
Latest mixtapes videos and interviews on Fixurface.com!!!
No kidding! Rest my #@&! I have to go to work on Mondays to recover from Sunday!
Julie's tools Mimi Robertson and Janet Freese estimate they've logged 65 hours so far cataloging the objects from their late mother's kit
well lookin at yo skin color yo eyes and low and ya hair from da stor i cant deal i need 100percent korean asian
#RITBob Schieffer is in the Student Innovation Center, right now!
I know I did! I thought I was sick of pumpkin pie, but here I am, having it for breakfast with my coffee.
Blockbuster Video was the bane of my existence. I'm glad they went bankrupt.
Wonder how many roadies and tour support have unexpectedly lost their jobs because cancelled tour.
Alright. "Immortals"...let's see what you got!!
Stay tuned later today for an announcement about the 2012 Teen & Miss International opening number dresses!
text me
shut up
Ahh, officially 2 days until I move!
Unique is bullshit. Newton & Leibnitz: calculus. Darwin & Wallance: evolution. Bell & Grey: phone. Is it a business? Test.
RT : today's weather has really gotten me in the mood for can't wait to get started.
My belarusian friends wanna see me ASAP, so pretty soon we will finally meet!))
thanks for the #FF as always ;-))
Mark your calendars, New Yorkers. will be back at Rockwood Music Hall on June 2nd.
Quinces practice today:))
Purple-spine... Well, where can I hear these spine-tingling sounds? Is it anything like the ROL album?
i4 looks nice...wonder how much it's going to cost?!
Cranky that the wine bar/coffee bar across from my house has a slow connection and no outlets.
its sexy xD
I'm a late second round....early third round pick.....
Auyoung: BH thematizes our inability to know the entire world - characters constantly find themselves on one side of a surface
I love the variety of pet pictures you see on twitter and we all think our pet is the cutest!!!
nicee can i be ya company
Had a blast tonite club ceasers oh yes!!!
If you didn't get the chance to celebrate the 1st day of Summer, celebrate the 2nd day at Wet Stone...Tropical White Sangria anyone?
Tonight Valentines Salsa Social with yours truly Chino Nunez and from NYC Ray Sepulveda. Goldcoast Ballroom, Coconut Creek Fl 9 pm.
i kno, she so Hollywood <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Good suggestion! Thanks!
im acctually not jealous of the girls who have already met justin, since out of all those girls he hasnt found "the one" yet. haha :) -steph
Cool! Will pass the recommendation along. I'm clueless these days... all clubbed out from the 90s! lol.
your racing app is printing cash mate...best 99 cents around. Great write up on Mallyon/VainAttraction Tactics!
she let me diver her daddys lambo i told her i wasnt going to crash it aha
OK conners - your big day - lots to see inside the SD Convention Center - and near perfect weather outside - looking for sunshine and 73
Have Faith In Me - A Day To Remember can't relate to The Titanic. Rose said she'd never let go, but she did.
Hi tweeties, haven't been tweeting much.
when is the broadcast going to start?
#top10Lies White girl: Yeah, I can dance.
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
lol u was...glad u had fun tho lol
Just overheard someone at the bar say "I wrote the book on illiteracy".
almost 90% of the problems in the family starts with lack of transparency
YES! RT Some artists create every day. Some don’t. Be you.
Holla at me I'm shootin a reality show in ny
Good question Silence from on the subject...?
Ah, they must being serving you Haterade
Unless you're Bill O'Reilly.
Thanks for two great seasons DT! Good luck at the next level.
Timing is everything.
my cousin loves zayns hair and people at the bar listen to wmyb. My bro likes them too... Theyre like 20-.-
Happy 10th Anniversary ! We loved bringing in beer to the studio. :) here's to another 10 years!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Crossing our fingers that one of our docs will screen Love their festival.
At #actioncampsa Social Media for Nonprofits run by great volunteers. Thanks!
very cool. would love to see it when you're done. Thanks!
Hello<U+266A> Follow me!
“ gross bro. There's gonna be doo everywhere.” your gonna look like Arnold in the end of Predator.
Who wanna go out tonight? I think I want to go to a nice restaurant but I don't know how nice im going to bill when that bill comes lls
H-Town Married Man#
Oh cool, glad you liked that page. Right now, that article is bringing me a lot of my traffic. Like every day.
Giggling at myself because I ordered something from American Eagle…
Give them nothing but take from them everything
should I contact regarding my book?? I'm so excited to get it.
I have 50K words. Can I go home now?
are you at the house?
thoughtful resources to support inclusive, accessible, informed community engagement in education include forum & edu glossary
if there was an mvp for the night, it goes to me
Prep for #JMS480 PR proposal= lots of charts, meetings & creative brain power. 1 month left to plan an idea that'll knock their socks off!
which Chloe perfume do you have? Need to buy it ASAP.
Maya Rudolph is in a Prince tribute band. People are seriously stealing all my ideas while I tweet and play Draw Something.
Last Act of Bye Bye Birdie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> #birdiegang or die <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
PERFECT RT Also, being sandwiched between the Bronte sisters after several rounds of hot toddies would be ok too.
I guess now I am love. Lol
Just because you have the newest Jordans and a SnapBack on doesn't mean you have swag.
Del Negro is dipping deep into his pomade. No other tricks up his sleeve.
You got to hate your coworkers ?
damn u look GOOD
I'll keep pushing on though this perpetually darkness. then in hell I'll seek my confidence
Cant believe this game, welcome to true post season suspense.
OMG I ABSOLUTELY LOVE SAY SOMETHING !!! It's amazing! Do you know when it's coming on iTunes?
You use Safari, right? How long has the User Agent menu been there? (Translated: WHERE HAS THIS BEEN ALL MY LIFE??)
Thanks. Do you get a lot of engagement?
I just posted both your article and the one you sent in the same tweet...is that bad? Will you get sued by u-know-who?! Haha
Long distance salute: ": I brewed a black IPA. I'm only missing two of my favorite people to help me enjoy it."
kittens for you.
Grey's Momma!
Get to bookie now!!!!
Zamnnnn she came at the whole org. though.
motorcycle cop runnin radar on 50th and prospect
great piece! Self realization of the inherent risk of loving sports in a corporate fueled environment is a nice touch.
RT Oh look, a really comprehensive study on #digitalpreservation training has just arrived in my email. Thanks
kiss me again - we are the in crowd feat. alex gaskarth. ;D
This stuff is pretty mellow. This stuff is mild. It's dope you can reason with. It doesn't mess you up.
Wait...doesn't everyone narrate their everyday lives like its a reality show? That can't be just me.
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick. -Gwyneth Paltrow
your best addiction is my beard ;)
I can't wait for summer cuz I've got some stories to share with you guys haha
Dear #NBA , that unfamiliar sound is money being spent on other professional sports.
me! Just wish it wasn't at such a horrible time here! I have to wake up at like.. 3am.
You busters need cars ! I need a ride home
Gotta start making some usf bulls new dancing shoes & Tee Shirts for Selection Sunday !!???!!!!! #are u from here
Don't forget the EHS Facebook group is closing very soon! Make sure to "Like' EHS's new page today!...
Fashion forward?
Just found the perfect Brittany-from-Glee winter hat at Gossip. Bring it on, cold! Please?
big things coming from this year!
No outs here fellas. Let's get one in.
Im doing ok just the game
Thanks to new followers and !
thank you! Good night!
My Twitter numbers right now: 161 following; 162 followers; 163 updates... any numerologists out there who can find meaning there?
Say hi to my friends! ;)
Good thing her email had noting to do with what I dreamed about.
wats good with that session im tryna #getintune with that lbs
why you tryna play me on Twitter, you know I ain't got no bullets let alone a real gun!!!! *throws hands in the air* UGHH!!!!
Watching #manup- i love that show!! They are going
Absolutely NO traffic on my way to LGA!!! Rock on!
I just saw a silver Beetle but it wasn't you. Cute girl though. The 9-1 hot-not ratio still stands for female VW drivers.
if you start liking him maddi, swear to god i will kill you, Hahaaa hes hit. af'
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen ~ Albert Einstein
that literally just came up again. it happened at least twice a month which means there's nothing else for them to talk about.
Watch The idiot cycle
Make a wish! <U+2665>
#me too
I have passed on the message, which resulted in chuckles. I think you would have lots to geek out over :-)
thank you! all designed in-house by ux superwoman
Lisa we answer our phone in 45 seconds or less, plus we are open 24/7 :)
looks like fun!!
Gonna start my homework. bye guys ! :) - Danicia
we are working on that and have featuring the equipment room.
fun fun never been to Michigan
you got a tony nom. yes, yes you did!
Awesome! Always a great time at Venice beach!
Here come the tears...*tear* *tear*
That awesome moment when your favorite song gets played on pandora 4 times in the day!
Got Netflix!
Thank you for the RT :)
What is your favorite CMS?
Finally starting Season 5 of Californication. Damn, how I missed this perversion.
I hope is having a wonderful day
yeah shit can happen haha x)
We're back from San Francisco! What an amazing city!
I pray for my enemies
So funny. So prescient. RT : Welcome back, bubble
Whats good with everybody? What's poppin tonight in LA?
If it is urgent, please email our help desk at and I can check on it for you. Sorry for the inconvenience.
oh yes!! Lol.enjoying my.coffee lol
'' I'm happy for you!' is the hardest lie to tell when your old love found someone new.
Tip 6: Maintain languages on an individual basis. Often you don’t need to replicate the same content changes across all languages.
LIKE MY STATUS IF YOU GONNA WATCH MY MUSIC VIDEO ''VA BAE'' WHEN IT DROP...
is that a type of hot beverage?
I stay leavin my pop when I switch classes not today this pop was $1.50
Birthday to you!
Who wants a #FF shout out ?
“: Wat the fuck was Mario charmers doing taking that shot ..” he told Lebron chill I got it bro
BT made me dinner, bought me a book and chocolates, and is playing our favorite album while we eat. I'm a lucky girl :)
Dreaming about fiction, facts, radio, being a guest or a host in life with while overlooking the pacific
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams
MT : The #NASASocial is now scheduled for May 18-19. Confirmed attendees have a new e-mail from us
Speaking of hearts ...Can I have yours?
": Anyone that quotes Tombstone in their bio deserves a follow! ;)" You're a daisy if ya do...
FOLLOW > , she play in JONAS LA!
not that I know of. What ya thinking?
Call Exotic Collision Center today for a free estimate (339)224-3771 .
I hate when I have dreams and I get something like money or something and then when I wake up I really look for it like a dumbass
And now back to sleep.
Hilarious. RT His Palm Pilot finally loaded? RT : My boss just responded to an email I sent him... in 2004.
i got SOMEDAY : by justin bieber today at macy's......ot smells so
I definately love it it's play on my computer over and over and im not clicking the repeat button my computer is clicking
got the blue slide park album on my itunes.
Spin. Bring it!
absolutely!!!! I believe in you. Wanted to be on the road too ....enjoy the journey. :) it will unforgettable
well its been too many days already! :(
laptop gonna be burnt out
He is the mighty mascot of catalogers all over the world
if the money doesn't flow then I might add well have an invisible supporter
that's like saying Ariana Grande is ugly...yes I just went there. You still have time to take that statement back :)
they need to learn their place
Just think of all their smiling, beaming faces covered with frosting & sprinkles ;-)
Wow! #mcdm RT : Took over 3 yrs for Twitter to pass a billion tweets. They now log that much every 4 days!
hey i saw your pictures and i remember you from your audition!!
Heyy. Wanna follow back ? Thanks.(:
Oh jesus! Why dont you tell me these things!?
Dam i like free tatts lol
The more thankful you are, the more you'll have to be thankful for...
Congrats :D
Do some good today! Visit Westfield Plaza in Carlsbad TODAY for Real Living Lifestyles Real Estate Community Service fair!
YOOOO>>> Stand up session last night .. DOPE collabo.. Start to the new era
Yes, that's because we're awesome. Next year will be better.
Copper Mtn: 8:30am, 1ft of fresh and still dumping. Just slipped SBX course...#priorities?
Go to our website right now & you can win a free bag by emailing and the 1000th email will win! Just email us to win!
nah, friends don't take friends to , only lovers do.
Trulia uses "real estate resume" as your profile page; like linkedin for real estate. Lots of tools to help agents connect with leads.
Oh, Jenny Elasciiu, you so funny
they thirsty ass.
OMG! Andrew Bynum is finally beginning to believe.
your both DOPE!
waiting patiently for you to put the link! #EXCITED ! :D <3
I think Sarah wanted to go there later!
that explains a lot.
dude with the shotgun is raw. And dudes boogers are in full effect
everything is good now
Thank you ! Happy Mothers Day!!!
testing 3-4 yr olds seems so odd to me.
really thats kewl :)do they have a twitter?
same thing as social media + music, it's a mask itself. different age but hendrix or srv didn't and wuldn't need it. truth spreads
"Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image." ~Denis Waitley
Thanks for the mention, Happy Friday!
OMFG. my over bite is bad & my open bite. STILL. fml.
HURRY BACK!!! I'm hungry and need one of those sandwiches again! lol! Hope LA is treating you good:)
oh when you walk by every time talking sweet and looking fine I get kinda hectic inside.
thank you!!
Yes. Yes is was.
No matter what seat I have on the plane, it always seems to be in "Group 4."
christ, this audio sucks though. really annoying.
I'm secretly killing your multiple times in my head.
profiule need to be upgraded
You've seen Bottle Shock, right? Very cute.
OK...what bands can play our "we aren't at sxsw / st.patty's day" party?
I'd rather die than sit and watch the NFL Draft for one minute. I can get the exact same information on Twitter and get something done.
Preach!!! RT : If Obama raises my taxes I will fire my landscaper. Now he's out of a job. Fuck your socialism, blacky
Cowboys can't cover LT. killing cowboys all night!
Stoked to be playing next Wednesday with , the ONLY Indie-Electro-Hip-Pop band worth their weight in pop rocks!
Really bugs me when people on instagram get so many likes on their dumb pictures. Like, don't just post pictures of yourself all the time.
There's nothing that's been so good at waking people up to #water issues as $100/barrel oil.
the chipotle spiced chocolate cake is making me salivate and it's only 10 a.m.!
Love this company. Anyone selling anything. You need this on your website. I would love this one your site!
Tough loss, but respect to the buckeyes, they played great. Still love my bearcats
geaux #lsutigers! college baseball sec champs.
Watching poor people play every number combo in the lotto as I sit behind them for ten mins,makes me legit want to murder them in cold blood
I'm disappointed in you, I'm a Tony Stark disciple all the way
It's all about the Hamiltons baby!
The deadline is fast approaching and we need as many #videos as possible! Show us something from your weekly routine!
iPad time! “: Lights are dimming, Apple CEO Tim Cook has taken the stage.”
Wishing a relaxing weekend for everyone..
Someone asked me whether our UIUC GSLIS discussion boards were archived. My reply? I freaking hope not!
You're follow is no longer in vain and unrequited.
mostly the issue was walking from Columbia Heights to Union Station with a little extra wandering
So necessary. I love u boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> life chat to be continued....
What is ur favorite #cookbook #author of the past? I love Hannah Glasse & Mary Randolph #recipes. What era do you study?
Another slow start for
Life sucks I think I want to die!!!
What's everyone up to today? We're still looking for a new guitar player. Must be hot and over 21. Love, the PR girl
THIS IS FUCK ME HEAVEN.
We are half way through the month of January. How is everyone doing on their New Year's resolutions?
How's everyone doing tonight?
Super #FAIL! I'm out of Chardonnay! Today of all days!
Tonight's all nighter is brought to you by Disney Channel and chocolate pudding.
Now chillin home.
there ya go lol
Who are you gonna call? RT : Hey, you know what you run into when you get off the Franklin stop on the 1? The Ghostbusters HQ!
u do know I'm from Shaolin
Who r u & y are u angry at bella ?
Louis is gonna be one hot 6th grader Lol
RT : Q1. Once all it took to be successful in biz was to make a quality product. What has changed?
GOD everything is annoying and FAT and GIMPY and ROTTED OFF AND DYING TO DEATH
Jazz Slang: Zoot: Used in 30s & 40s to describe exaggerated clothes especially a zoot suit. Look at that cat's "zoot" suit. It's crazy, man.
Thanks for the follow ! I look forward to your tweets!
sounds like me! Just hard to beat a good book.
I don't need your opinion.
Nice! Loved the "twitter junkie" comment in Final Thoughts -suspect your twitter activity=many views
yeah, i know but trends in this game suggested you'd be better off bringing more pressure on that 3rd and 10.
Can you daydream at night?
Gabby&#39;s Garden: Decomposed Granite
Wannabes nd in austin texuss off ur ass, douche!
Good luck to all my coworkers presenting at #DLS15 this week. Wish I was there too. The library is quiet without them here.
8am and I'm finally gonna try to sleep. Is it weird that I like not having a normal sleep schedule? New vlogs this weekend! Gnight!
Loving our tees from ! Great fit + super quality! Every #foodie should have one!
So much for friends.
Hey beliebers I have 1 request please pray for my friend she got hit by a big truck and she is in the hospital please pray
#Hurricane #Irene top the charts at #9 for top social media
Today was so good I forgot to tweet! I'll try to do better tomorrow.
I like saying 'quesa-dillas' instead of 'quesa-deeyas' to make people mad
:) RT“: I literally jumped for joy when I found out is coming back for 2013!!!! Can't wait :D”
Observation: drive-thru coffee places seem to do big biz, at least in So Cal. Biz opp for other types of niches? As a mom I sure appreciate!
Elway as gr8 at Exec than under center...
thats cute :)~ good luck
Very hot out..... its 102 now.. only getting hotter!!
#WaysToIrritateMe -- Calling with absolutely nothing to talk about.. Wasting my unlimited minutes!
Fergie and the rest of will be there - will you? Next chance to win your way to Vegas for music fest is coming up at 3:20!
Can't beat yourself. At least make the keeper save it.
and you do well at it :D
Great workout this morning. Now sittin on my porch n the rocker waiting on my bud to pick me up. Gotta love car poolin!
IM MAKING A POINT!x “: if your really nicki why dont you get your old twitter back ?”
IT'S #FRI-HIGH-DAY BITCHES!!!!
SELF-SUFFICIENT.
Offensive line is looking good Gabe!
We like to think it's what Gorillas eat when they're high,
all men are different luv, we all luv our loved ones in different way's. hope all goes well for you and ur family!! rt
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
my sis watches
And film.
haha I guess ^^
Gota tell my coach some bad news...wonder will she kick me off the team or take my uniform from me?
Every time you make a "your mom" joke, I call my mom to check. Most of you are liars.
What a great picture!!
I've got friends taking couch, but floor is open if you want it
love you too girl !
As much as I love 'Cuse, I'd hate to lose a few days of hilarious stuff from
Thanks,I finally figured it out.I went to some site that explained how to do it,& it was having me dwnload all this crap
Final edits sent in. The next issue should print later this week. 10,000 copies for the first time ever.
Happy birthday
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
What Bill Gates Says About Drug Companies
Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape dropping 5-28-12 NO GRIND NO SHINE. Weworkin!!
What? RT DC mayor's budget calls for new tax on #theater tickets at places like Arena Stage, Shakespeare and Studio theaters.
You're gorgeous! =)
will be on The Boston Local Music Show on Tuesday @ noon. Just confirmed!
jeez i am tired as hell!!!!
"There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly."
First issue: Who shot first #HanSolo or Greedo?
My man is only following 2 people and 3.3 million followers .. this man has juice !!! Lmao
you need to be quiet. or I'll shove special a down your throat
Sorry. We didn't use an HDMI cable today. I hope you find it!
to choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
#Bulls go down again... What a joke! Now it's time to see a real team play #LetsGoHeat #brooms r out in new York.
Happy St. Pat's!! #drunkyet?
[Psa103] FatherGod thru Lord Christ has forgiven all of our past+present+future iniquities & has also healed all our current+future diseases
yes sir come thru got a couple new goodies
It's Earth Day! Tell us what "green" actions you're taking, like switching to paperless billing, riding your bike, or recycling.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Armstrong: Can you report a story about Haiti without talking to Haitians? Journalists seem willing to do that all the time.
Does anyone know a solid microfinance outfit for those interested in "investing / lending"?
Number One With a Bullet Kisses!
At the Nursing Home to see my Great Aunt. I hate being here <U+E058>
#PetPeeves when I'm on the computer listening to music doing homework and someone turns the TV on. It irritates my fucking SOUL!
I love it when a short story starts writing itself, but now it's turning into a novella!
All you elitists and your Macs on Ikea furniture!!!
In the story of Mormonism, speech Romney just gave at Liberty was a historic moment. The highest-profile attempt yet to bridge rival faiths
Love this picture...great blog...keep all of this important info flowing. Namaste!
Sitting here in Iowa eating breakfast alone without my family <<<
New Group: "People for the Ethical Treatment of Sleeveless Fruits"
this is kind of sad, really. I was afraid that I might find myself in one of those years!
SLA Housing is our only official hotel service. All other org's are NOT approved by SLA and are not authorized to call you. thx to
Oh my :o I dance :p And you had school today?
They have Peanut butter vodka now?
you & Courtney.. Lol
Drunk phylosophical musings by my cooks after service.
Kobe is 14 for 56 in his career for game winners that's 22% but he's clutch right haha
Knocked up big
That was an ok comeback. What's it Luke being King Of The Steroid users?
when are the food trucks downtown?
Two big interviews downtown today. If I get one of those jobs, I am moving back to the city immediately.
24hrs from now will have 2500+ppl rocking at #CowboysThursday. Don't miss it!
I got it! conditioner and bush!! haha
All night!
The number one thing stopping you from being successful is YOU... Period... Stamp it on your forehead. We all get hammered by life, some of…
Wake up and grind hard!!!!
This was definately one of those weekends. On that note, it is already starting to look like one of those years too.
sweet. Also sending you and email about when you are here in Aug. Stuff for wives and kids to do.
Oh Tiger.
Not a fan of the Knicks signing JR Smith
#Pirates first team since 1968 that hasn't scored or allowed more than five runs in nine straight games. Heading for 10 tonite.
same salary like everybody else who gt a max contract....not proving a point...
One time we DON'T want to be first. MT Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is dropping out, despite tweets otherwise
- hope you enjoy. Has a really interesting premise!
If you bout that life, let Me direct your next music video.
sounds like a great run! Where did you do it? trail? inside? sidewalk?
I bought a box of animal crackers and it said on it "Do not eat if seal is broken." So I opened up the box, and sure enough...
My stack drying is architecture.
what's that show about?
Johnny Rocker
Thx, lucky for me it's jeans day too! RT : We want to wish our Dir of Talent Dev, , a very happy birthday today!!!
Juicing 4 cups at a time recently. Too much for immediate use. So I drink 2 cups & save remainder in a ball jar in fridge for later.
yeah im late to it. Lol. Its tight tho.
This morning we are in Fontana and Rancho Cucamonga Court for DUI's. Think people still drink and drive?
I'm gonna miss you guys!!
I voted and hope everyone else has or will!
Weight on target! Weigh in sunday for WKA worlds in germany. Repping combatcompany.co.uk with team england for MMA and full contact ossu!
Im soo blessed to have my first grandson born on Feb 3rd..AIDEN..your Nana loves ya!
She's cooking dinner with ur pans.
GB defied odds last year. This year your in charge of GB destiny & history Big Fan U Guys R Great !
okay well you "owe" me a taco when you get money! A taco bell tao in fact
SAME WE SHOULD GET A GROUP PIC
Can I say Mark with only his underwear and one sock on was really hot.
Polo down...
#chocolateweek I love
we are thankful for you too
There is a chick named Theresa from Washington? Random
Account just called in a panic."We need an extra delivery this week,we forgot about Cinco de Mayo" Idiots thought it was on May 1st.#cinco=5
Please RT is looking 4 lunch spots.if u know of any businesses that would like country cookin @ their door pls let us know
May The Fourth be with you!
Woke up at 6am, actually, 6:30, to interview one o the world's greatest violinists. Scored the only interview in town. Am happy but tired.
How depressing is that?
NASCAR - explain it to me. If all you do is drive around in circles how are you ever going to get anywhere? ...Sigma out
I did hear that yesterday.
Well I guess I am. Son there is much about me you do not know. You must learn about your DNA
Confess that I am still boggling over the loss of all my vacation time. :(
My email address was specifically for red envelope. I've given it to nobody else. I'm getting lots of pharmacy & malware spam.
Thanks! You as well! The Coffee Urns are working out great by the way! Keeping bevvies hot and looking good! A great value :)
High hashtag usage for the #superbowl commercials! Love it!
The snack does not offer satisfaction or closure; it demands a more responsible future that might justify the present indulgence. --
Speaker pointed out use of tiny vs bit.ly - ty
Happy Mother's Day Alaska and Beyond!
you just trying to find any reason to get out of KY! i would make you go to the canyon with me to hike! lmao
Thanks Gail! RT : Don't listen 2 YOU're better looking twin, Wes!
aww that's sucks ask if he'll give you the point?
Now I can do all the hw I neglected to do last night. My new temporary obsession: Degrassi
Awesome! can't wait to make it...
Tsk, Tsk. See you in 2012? > RT : wish I could go to but its sold out. I never heard about it until 15 minutes ago.
Morning, peace,peace.
what up guys are yall happy ja rule and 50 cent have the same friends and the fact beef is fading out of hip hop in general
ooh I almost put them but then went with my faves - UNC & Syracuse :) Good luck!
#firstdayofschool -- out of 15 students registered, only 1 shows up -- and he was 20 min late!
oh #seesmic I had to move to a mac and now my desktop doesn't work. can't get my replies. suggestions?
I haven't had it in ages and a #2 for spicy is killing me. I'm so weak, now!
? RT : Dude at the gym videotaping himself in an Ed hardy shirt bench 185 for 2
Dirty Dancing never gets old. It's still hot all these years later.
Papa john's pizza @ the gate is tempting
is laughing at the idea that octomom is the personification of the stimulus bill
Now you want to raise parking ticket prices?? You are the scum of the earth your employees don't even fix our shitty streets
You have too at my wedding! cheetahs and lions!
#177133 jason from both
Running from your problems is one race you will never win.
Come find me, I will be in the boot, can't miss me!
I can report my fuel is low and I know what to do next.
It can't make the ABC sound any worse. RT Is Portman clapping ON her microphone?
“When you come to a fork in the road, take it.” ~ Yogi Berra
Government should only be required for art students if the only requirement is drawing political cartons.
well good for you, now do me a favor bring me my bathingsuit or I can wear my 2 piece ;)
Rain raain go away, tryin' to eat some sushi today...
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
6 in a row for the #Orioles..Hell of a job
beautiful city / people, have a safe trip home. I'm headed your way up to Silicon Valley now :)
Laura is pregnant with twins!! Get your private lessons in during January/February before she takes a little time off! Call 206-7707.
Blessed precipitation.
my life has changed so much
so the story goes… ;)
My husband and I go back to rome for a visit in about a month and he is so excited about it that he's already thinking about what to pack.
Heading home from SF...Inman conference again a wonderful experience!!! Thanks Brad and gang
Morning Rockstars! > We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. - Cicero
I need some shirt ideas.
Well that's a tempting offer if I ever saw one!
Happy Leap Day!!!
A beautiful day in Las Vegas! Sun and 82!! ROCK!!!
#TowerHeist's Eddie Murphy will be hosting this years #Oscars. will be producing! univr.sl/omGRnc
recommends using different platforms to reach different people. One she likes best right now? Tumblr.
I run a nonprofit called Pando Projects. I am looking for the best platforms to manage/analyze our social media strategy.
Waiting for The Game to come on. They been gone for too long
I love my space heater too!! It makes the day a little toastier :)
good game y'all!
Are you rejoicing or complaining? :) I'm not loving it. RT : more rain! more rain!
i do not like "flexi-pop."
no I love feet. I put people toes in my mouth. And put lotion on peoples feet. Yummy
you guys were awesome!!! thanks for coming out & supporting us!
Kevin Na will be immolating himself on the 11TH tee at 5:30 for those who are interested
15% of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
the most important thing is your health second is your freedom. and if you ever lost one of them for along period of time u would know that
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB!!
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Wal-Mart? Ping back for more info! :-)
you're pushing it buddy. Good thing I didn't make you that extra special limited edition fcisoae tall tee!
I just told Chuck about your tweet. It reminded him of Frutiger and Ruder. We all miss you Sean!
A Virtue for Courageous Minds: Moderation in French Political Thought 1748-1830 by Aurelian Craiutu F'08 now available from
Follow me & I'll forever adore you. <3 :)
“: That awkward moment when you take your one legged friend to IHOP.” hahah whaat??? So weird.
Only the Strong Survive N/p Fukk Wit It $$$$$
Had a Good time Watching my Ravens Practice Today!!!! Go Ravens
RT In #cloudforce session. Cool stuff. ": More Info on new Social Hub™ & Radian6 for Service Cloud http:
annual "Guac-off" live on air now. you are missed!!! Tequila & guacamole? Si, por favor!
Romantic Tip #14: Pick flowers from the side of the road for her (P.S. don't get arrested)...www.familyandlifesolutions.com
What's 50 grand to a motherfucka like me, can you please remind me?
so a week and a day to my birthday and I still haven't decided what I want to do. I kinda want to do Universal but it depends on $$...
Totally agree, it's the only thing that keeps me sane
I woke up this morning with The Best Original Story idea EVAR. Just wrote it down so I remember. This MUST be written.
FLAG COUNTER has freaked out! Now one hit equals a DEATH PENALTY! FLAG COUNTER KILLS! DON'T DO IT!
It was very good! Lots of interesting info, though I would've like the ability to connect more on twitter :)
Our album is now available on iTunes Japan! <U+79C1><U+305F><U+3061><U+306E><U+30A2><U+30EB><U+30D0><U+30E0><U+306F><U+73FE><U+5728>iTunes<U+3067><U+5165><U+624B><U+53EF><U+80FD><U+3067><U+3059><U+65E5><U+672C>!
two under mentioned challenges of trying to do public archaeology by social media!
Hitting up this month's Design Conversation. Topic is "Commonwealth/Open City" which should be interesting.
##Spent the whole morning at the gym. Boot Camp and Sauna,AWESOME!today is closing night at the Mint Theater, NYC :)
It was great to see everyone at #JLWL12. Have safe travels home!
Adapting some grilled sweet potato fries for indoors: 1/4 inch wedges, oil & salt, 400 degree oven, 15 minutes, flip every 5.
is this even the real austin mahone?:) and awh okay, but why would you have 2 twitters? I'm confused:) and why june2nd?:)
if u let me go shopn Friday while u at work
no im going to really do it! Haha
Lol I have nothing but respect for this man
That in no way excuses local media from giving the team, the organization, or the sport its due.
Crazy night with Rach
lol well as long as the heat don't win I'm happy :)
u dnt like me .. that's fine(;
Loving all the sexy photos by MacDaddy Jim Conway that are surfacing on the twitter this morning!
#alexlovesyou follow me please? (:
man! I'm not... But I still wanna know that proposition of yours!
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"........
I was hanging out in a bookstore and thumbed through Carol Alt's book. I was hooked on Raw after that.
That's a good point.
it is
": What do the red cards say?" Red card for racism
: Thanks for great post on Those Who Save Us book club ideas, esp Brotchen recipe!
KENTUCKY BEATS LOUISVILLE! YES! Final 4!!!!
got ya
Our sites are coming right along. Hoping launch will be monday
Everything there is to know about the Rim Country.... as soon as we know it. Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays.
IT'S FIVE IN THE MORNING WHAT AM I DOING WITH MYSELF
RT Thanks for showing me Path Dave. I LOVE IT!!! Xoxo (with Dave at ) ... and that's at Path
u better go!
with Yo, " *sniff sniff* That's the Power Of Pine-Sol Baby!" slavin' ass
<U+261B> Thanks for all the new follows, RTs, mentions and conversations this past week. Have a great weekend & hopefully see you #ROC at LilacFest
Thats stupid, She lost a great person.
Commercial Printers, Binderies, Paper Converters: Who do you call when you need equipment? Do you have a go-to person?
Paul McCartney Is The Richest Music Maker in UK
Come see me on Miami Music Television right after the Jimmy" Kimmel on Abc, come see what u are missing . Want to be on MM TV ? RT.
Whenever my hair looks like crap it always puts me in a bad mood.
lol I was but now I'm doing hw... #ewww #hatehw. And I've been sick since sun!:(
Trying to find out how many manufacturing jobs are still in the U.S. Just need one number like XX million. Any suggestions on where to look?
Funny how my taste for things subsided..now on to part 4 of the Obama Deception, very interesting
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND.
At 00:06 in Justins new Viddy, I love the look on his face. He looks fierce.
"The Last Airbender" left me indifferent. I am, however, still a big fan of the animated series.
what is it about?!?
Thank you Good Day Fox 4, we had a great time this morning! Looking forward to our show tomorrow night at Prophet Bar in Dallas!
It's a pristine day down here on Shelter Island. If you come for lunch, you'll never want to leave.
Made dinner, went location scouting and pooped all in one night.
What? I already had one. Oops, want it back??
Sorry Howard, we caught it from someone else, but it should all be cool now. Thanks
you still doing the breakfasts? When is the next one?
The meal plan today on Reshape is named "Steve Jobs Day". How apropos.
wit some toast an apple jelly lol boy thats that big mama breakfast
TBW Appreciates the care. Until Then, think big!
rickyrozay are u looking for blazzin new talent to sign if they hot
I know! In the Canadian study only 6% picked internet over sex. Canadians are FREAKS.
I like this whole getting off work in the afternoon thing.
Oh, and Ms. Bunting said she wants to stick to tax payers and to county employees alike by attacking the pension fund.
I am most grateful. I am accustom to intense pain and now I have an audiobook to distract me. :)
RT : It's hard to wait around for something you know won't happen.
To all the fashion bloggers..Do I have anyone that would like to do a piece on Sixty Seven? Our fall/winter 2011 has been doing fantastic!
seems to have her whole panel to herself, so we will learn a LOT about Afrodite Superstar. Studio F! Come on down!
What's everyone up to tonight?
Freestyle footbag is meditative creative expression
Who is Floyd?
Performing at #TheDuplex tonight for September 11th. Beautiful music, incredible voices and touching stories.
I'm in Ca. And you're not. That's sad:(
Shoutout to everyone should follow her.(:
Your not alone Bro!!! JO-WAYNE
I had an awesome time at CoDance this weekend!Our soloists & duo performed beautifully & classes were outstanding as always!
my boyfriend sorted it for me thanks though! :)
I'm getting into the holiday spirit, it snowing outside, I am working on a magical christmas card and drinking hot cocoa.
Thus proving my point, The black quarterback CAN throw the ball, is faster more athletic and is the future of football
When people play with your hair >>>
lately I wouldn't mind having 1 every night lol
I Dont Sale folks dreams I Sale em Plans!
Anyone know of a some good restaurants in Tulsa?
Words of Wisdom! #parenting "Stop trying to perfect your child, but keep trying to perfect your relationship with him." Dr. Henker
I did the same thing 2 weeks b4 having my girl;not having to worry about it in ur way & those little grabby-hands-you'll love it!
I love it when people follow me right after i follow them just like did! Go follow 4 a follow back!
And I even took my own advice this gut aint nothing these hoes will like. I said I look like LL I took my shirt, she claimed "I can't tell."
Just had guac what a treat! We kept watching them make it so we can duplicate it at home!
So stoked I ran the race. Whoop whoop. Scratching this off of the bucket list :)
oh gosh lol
we like to shop like we give a damn! can you link somewhere non-amazon? we'll tweet it up!
We did! I'm at my mom's now and she's with her family. We love you!
LOVE IT
I didn't make this bucket list for nothing. Any takers?
#shoutout to the kids who have to deal with bad parents.
I was gifted a "Drop Not Bombs" this past weekend! It makes me smile... and want new TOMS. Silver maybe? cc:
It's a great path - gorgeous view of the snowy mountains today with the super clear skies.
Um, the limit is 140. N00b!
u r funny! a tambourine can be a deadly weapon, that is certain.
Usually at this time another side of me would come out....
ugh. i hate people sometimes!
I really don't like you.
has to be the ideal wife. seriously.
$3400 ++ this week on the $500 bets. Not a bad start and just getting ready for the weekend.
I get one and you can have mine.
We also support
honestly j-hay...i feel bad for you...you're gonna get your feed BLOWN UP by us 2!
I always had crazy insomnia as a kid. Disappeared after college mostly. Seems to be back 4 years later. Weird.
could have 6!
LG city council votes 3-2 to give city employees a stipend, based on years each has worked in LG, Mary England and Howard Cook dissenting
>>> yeah.. I'm trying too see if I can get on the hook... But this will be the one homie... U did get that email.
I named my remote "Waldo"
Hello, long lost sisters! :) Just want to say hello & imy...I randomly remembered ”aggresive go getter” today lol
New belgium fat tire at DC happy hour prices
your so hot
Finally planning a Hendrix cover...maybe to be unveiled in Lincoln.
Whatever happened to nice English names like Ingemar, Twicga or Waehlheard? I guess I'm just old fashioned.
I wanna call someone! WHO WANTS TO TALK TO ME?
you're not the only one.. lol.
I sure as hell wud wanna know. If they do it once they will probably do it again. What's ur take?
Thanks! RT : Great crowd #2012awards - amazing growing tech co's like TRX &
lmao in that case first one to get alcohol poisoning wins
I know there's a 2002 one about Gulf War coverage, which might be even more salient. Worth putting in dialogue w/ the affect crowd!
Think of the why you should! Not why you couldn't do it!
|_+!~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Zora just sang all the words in her bedtime story. She’d make a great cantor!
SK Foods' former CEO Salyer pled guilty to racketeering & price-fixing. He allegedly told his team to bribe purchasing agents at Frito-Lay.
Man if only Yanks-Sox wasn't rained out. Gotta love Sundays.
"Vicious carnivore" - ha! Love it. Maybe mermaid without manners? ;)
Anyone else think that it's weird that the poeople in the movies never go to the bathroom?
Always have an exit strategy in mind when you launch a business.
Please follow me! Today's my birthday! :)
According to ESPN, Kobe has not made a single game winning shot under 10 seconds in the playoffs since 2006...
someone who will remain anonymous has an ear infection... so lets delay :)
"You're the most beautifullest thing I've seen all day" - Sigh
Lunch & then the last day of ministry. Afternoon @ crisis shelter & evening w/young moms & kids.
planning on it eventually!
yes but Nathan could be gay
LOL!! Love it! Also love the Eats, Shoots and Leaves book. Isn't the Oxford comma what would appear after "Shoots"? Or not.
What are your new goals for 2010?
watched his NYGiants SB#46 Blue Ray again and was soo happy he and cap america r NYGiants fans! Not Jets fans! Lol
The Beauty of Music Is That It Is Truly Universal, Not some *Esoteric* Language. We All Speak Some Kind of Harmony
Congrats for you're Pop Culture award at the #tvlandawards!! Thanks for making me laugh uncontrollably as a youngster !!
I love how espn ain't showin imam shumpert no love and him and d.rose had the same injury
Check the Achievement of a Dream
we are closed on Sundays, sorry! M-F 9 to 9 and Sat. 9 to 5.
hahahaha yes I am! I got my mom's old one, it's nice and duct-tape free!
Missing Abel Okugawa Wright and Peter Agelasto at the studio today. :( At least it is beautiful outside. :)
watchin the game at work and loving every minute of it!
The Silk Tie likes Frederic! Ties rule my live, thesilktie.com
1st day at new day job, training like crazy. So much to learn, but so exciting, too!!
it was nice chatting with you the other day. Send me that e mail when u get a chance to my account
Girl, smutty. I can't put it down. :-)
Vintage KG tonight he is on fire! Let's go celtics!
Chicago aint much better than Detroit..... Its worse in a way, more people = mo ignant ass niggas/bitches , stuck up crackers and so on
is currently filming a short film.
Checking in with
just realized this show called ninjago has a lego guy called Zayn !! :D
#whogivesashit about hockey
MT: Issue 3: process & performance is now live! Join us this week to check out the articles
* whistles.* RT ": young folks."
I'll think about it
yeah. I'm thinking it goes 5 as well, but at least the Jazz aren't getting blown out by 30 like 's Knicks.
Please use #USCEdGrad to tweet about #USC Rossier Commencement. Congrats, all!!
I'm calling 3-0 victory w goals by and . Let's go #SKC win this game!
Who has any recommendations where to eat while in Los Angeles...
don't understand anyone in houston scheduling anything the day of the art car parade
Lady taking my money at the gym just asked if i was lucky enough to get the senior ( over 60) rate. Time for 'just for men'?
LOL. I think I just saw the 'Tweet of the Week'. #Oomf hit that.. she was on point with that one. Good job.
Watching a movie and eating a greek salad!
I saw u too, boo!!
I could go for some alcohol right now the next 85 minutes of this play are going to be hell.
has a sensitive side too you know lol.
yes you will! I'm home now but I will be visiting sometime this fall are you staying there this summer?
Love family game nights, now back to the grind before I go to bed!
I do love ATL, but since I came bck from Arizona, im thinkin Im movin to the WestCoast.
LOL thanks !Networks 4 having my cousins TV show follow me & tweet my boss 's new TV show everywhere!!
One game at a time re: Fleury, but if he does keep up this higher level of play, the #Flyers and #Pens are going 7
This is like California rain. Cold and steady and no thunder. Dog is still in the closet. Afraid of all rain now.
your a fine girl what a good wife you would be but made it clear, no harbor was their home
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
#FF - sweet, kind, beautiful, generous soul
oh I see now. Wow ur 13 hours ahead of me. How ur after noon coming along?
Attending a session featuring books #kzoo12 Medieval feminist publishing.
awesome thx! :) u?
New avatar! I like!
Great to have you on board! ;)
No trip to east penn is complete without a cheesesteak from Pat's
just booked my flight to Hong Kong!
goin to the y later
go to our discussion boards on facebook to give us ideas for our upcoming photoshoot....give us whatever suggestions you have and help us!!
Hey, everyone! If you got a message from me saying that " someone is saying something bad about you" it's a spam! Don't click on it!!!!
Talking To Eddie On The Phone.idk I Think I Have Feelings For Him. Well In A Few Days He's Leaving For Cali with the Fam for Vacation Uh :'[
Clothes,shoes &accessories are my incentives! P.S. follow me
The book? Heard it was #BossKanky RT : Ayyyyyeeee What's the word on
Spelling out cuss words somehow doesn't have the same effect
Win some lose some
.. lyssssy , you going to brits Saturday ?!.
Its sad thats she acts like this even on mothers day though :o
me: i want to be an actress when i grow up, hahahahhaa jk. ramsie: don't acresses have to be skinny. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
FINALLY. Riley to the #Lions. Way to represent
EUREKA!!!!!! Finally, why do i always have to be stressing in order to make magic happen, lol ugh, lol
Niggas will do and say anything to look Cool...that's shit LAME
i didnt recognize the pic sugar
Ready to be a #Vampire again! Will spend xmas sharpening my fangs!
Ha! Brilliant! RT : We've decided to hire a conductor.
when I'm 18 :P
yeah, who needs Gus anyways! Not too much is new, we should plan drinks or something this month
#Fuck it, and I are just gonna keep this amazing vibe going and shoot ALL DAY!!
thanks for the follow! What's your favorite #mix1 flavor?!
Just a ham sandwich! Tired :)
Spring Swap Meet Time!!! Woot woot!
Is there really any justification for having a solid wine list, creative cocktails, and then a beer list that tops out at Negra Modelo?
Extremely annoyed
You need to close your mouth cuz u aint gonna tie me down!
Every thing I've lost no longer makes a difference
Love me Good...Fuck me Better
but when one wants to have sex, women have it so much easier. :-(
Boyfriend just left. Now about to chill and eat chill and eat chill and eat.
Closing in on 500 followers, come on all you Las Vegans, get us to 500. Thanks
terrible headache and lots of work and crap before my big trip in two weeks...but I'll live....did you see #H50?
ur cute just saying
u lame!
Instead of buying her flowers that will die in a week, I got my mom a calendar with pictures of my brother and I :)
Sometime u gotta learn 2 to swim with no lifeguard when the storm is rough you could either be a competitor or get out the bad weather
thanks, gonna do that.
Regret is forgetting to check the "cut sandwich in half" option.
Take tht back! Im not sleepy!
He sat next to the fire. The fire was warm. It was good to be near the warm fire.
can't decide lol....its all tempting
OTA is the best HD you'll get. Cable compresses the hell out of their HD content.
Very much appreciated man.
Ive heard a tagged player nets 2 1st rounders in a trade. It could happen.
Having spaghetti dinner with my 'ohana & watching
Y is it that a male and female cant hang out without ppl thinkn thier fukn??
Love it! In fact #totesamazeballs idea, intro the spouses to #streetcorn. We're in!
Is your Clouchebag score adequate?
You know those days when you want to just choose to not get out of bed, you're lost in your head again.
this is an amazing photo! I love it!
Why is it that we only value/celebrate #care work when it is done in the confines of (white) reproduction/kinship?
she's got the tone but not the runs!!!
RT : Whenever someone trends on twitter I automatically assume that they died.
Fun! Black cats are hard to photograph! We had to choreagraph this photo! LOL
// why don't sports stadiums offer wifi to at game fans? Seems like There'd be many benefits to it?
Done and yeah I'll follow you!
In need of a Chai Tea Latte from
hit me
Went to the gym and now i just finished eating #Isuck <U+E421>
kewl. My birthday is in April
Its a lovely day...who needs a copy of Pflames The F Word 2 ride 2???
Relief. :) Yes, they have funded. Emailed them to see what can be done. I'm a proud backer of others projects on Kickstarter.
Right! RT: We have a strong team for this project. S/O
I love your videos. (:
I love using Chrbit for making audio bktalks, and the QR code app for making a code to put in the book!
Man whatever stayed in room stays in my room
All my lies are only wishes, I know I would die if I could come back new...
Its weird the guy said its judgement day on may 21st diz coming Saturday .
Thank you!
Prepare yourselves, minions, for The Megalord will be returning to WLUW for one hour tomorrow at 8pm!
Joey:aww bro I'm getting a toe cramp" me:LMFAO bro ur doing pushups how da F. U get a toe cramp!? :I get them all the time.LoL
thank god for worms
yeah! sometimes true
Brighter than sunshine - on a sunny Friday... here's to the freakin' weekend!
Happy Birthday Today to my awesome hubby!!! Love you tons <3 <3
be light
We're in a virtual tie for second in Indiana's 5th Congressional District according to a Wilson Perkins Allen Opinion Research (R) poll.
Wants you to marry her and meet her parents!(;
Mayne u Gotta treat em like that, if u wanna keep em motivated to earn they stripes.
Woman from Georgia comes forward 43 years after she says she was raped by her former stepfather in Polk County. She is speaking to media now
I love having fridays off of school (:
Catering to the Boomer Travel Style in Europe - a new post on Baby Boomers Traveling
About to go to cheer practice !!!
Stop Hatin On Even If She Dating Nick Or Not, She Did Nothing. FollowMeAna(: Hahahaaa
GM ...Friday is here and I'm going to enjoy it. I hope you do the same.
Much Love & Peace to you and your music man!
Sweet remix. If I were UW, I'd tell kids to go ... because if you tell them NOT to do something ... failure occurs.
My Best writings came out of a Broken Heart...I appreciate where I came from & i most definitely know where in headed. AMEN.
Damn she still ain't out... I'm sleepy shit. Lbvs
I believe God moves the most powerfully when nothing else matters in our lives but Jesus.
listening to music in the sun xx
See our earlier tweets for some RIA tasting-menu snapshots from last evening.
Whoop Dat Trick!!
Reading up on how to improve the comprehension of my ESL students.
I Love My Son nd My Bestfriend
LOL! Thanks, that's close to where I live, so it's a big help. I'm by Target and that street gets plowed a lot.
According to my dad 's smile is just as big and bright in person as it is on TV. And apparently he was really nice.
I love her tho (:
You can still enjoy the basketball games this weekend with a big slice of Sal's Pizza. Find your coupon in the paper today!
What a bright sunshine :))
Yes RT : YES! RT : "Man cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter." - James Garfield
Man, you really can't beat eating lunch at Jack Arnold's on 8th. Awesome meatloaf today!!
No electricity at the house and dying of boredom! There's only so much to read here! I'm running out of candles...
No #Astros game on TV? Bo...
you got that right!
Still rehearsing for upcoming shows... and maybe working on some new material ;)
RDA doesn't "clarify" anything. It merely piles on jargon to make it seem like it makes any damn sense.
show your card at any of our cafes and get a free size upgrade!
Original #DubStep ? #PeterGabriel song "My Head Sounds Like That" from 2002! wow...
Last day of
Glad to have a friend who knows about computers!!!!!
My plans never work out :( they're perfect in my head though...
Ive officially been to a Marine Corps base #CherryPoint NC, thanks to Amoore!!!!! Back in the Mitten now :/
what happened?
Here&#39;s to hoping the Philadelphia Eagles got this pick right
Yeah I'm on it but haven't decided if it's worth spending time to learn it, maybe today's chat will change my mind!
Can't stop won't stop we need to make it clear atop asking dumb question cause I'm still standin here
Who here makes the time/effort to meet face to face with ppl they want to work with?
thanks for the follow Jayme!
Woke up wit a puddle on my pillow
It'd be like Dennis doing his shitty clapping hands walking around thing.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you MAMAS!!
hang in there girl you can do it!
Hahaha! Sure I will come jizz to the store with you hahaha
White Chicks
it's never too late.
Strengthen your mind and spirit for the journey which lie ahead of you..
Today's the day that are local phoenix boys will be on #carwarriors Make sure to tune in at 8 pm
#IMALEXSGIRL Ill be salty if im not (: YEE
It's awesome taking a 12.1 #megapixel image and turning it into a classic 60's style land camera photo.
Twitter randomly unfollowed you. Hope all is well, Elizabeth, and Freddie.
how did you memorize the speech?
RT Sadly, dreams for a San Francisco bay area world's fair in 2020 are dead. 2025 anyone?
we saw that and thought of you (in a good way). RT: Dilbert punchline today involves a "service monkey."
#ItsAmazingHow much shyt you did & I still got you.
I reaaaaallllyyyyy miss him!
Woke up to the smoke alarm low battery chirp. I know, #firstwoldproblems. Rise and shine.
can you hear me?? Just curious:)
#Jackie Robinson. A True American Hero
You all can #eat my boogers!
BA, "It has the feel of a spring training game." Oh you mean it sucks and you don't really want to watch but it's baseball so....
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken; A lifetime commitment for a pig.
I just finished a 2.69 mi run with a time of 30:26 with Nike+ GPS.
RAUL YOU ARE ON FIRE!!!!!!! HOLY SHIT #YANKEES HAHA HE DIDN'T HIT LIKE THIS IN PHILLY
First rule of fight club is, never talk about fight club. Second rule is.... :)
Make sure you vote for and on #DWTS tonight! #PackerPride :-)
B safe luv u more
#update this time the rental office DID NOT...REPEAT DID NOT wait 3.5 weeks to deposit my check. Ugh.
hello to you too! :D
Officially registered for the 2012 !
Headed to to get a pumpkin and for #mattroloff 's 50th birthday celebration.
#RCJH still love you guys! What a great year
I feel the same way.
#3WordsOfAdvice text her first
I really want to get to know you...
is this Friday and not a peep from
Fall is here but we still have great summer deals on Air Conditioners and Evaporative Coolers! There is no better time so save!
No!! In Milwaukee! What the hell? Where are you gonna be?
Shabat Shalom to everyone. May you all have a blessed and awesome weekend! C: <3
Betty White's Off Their Rockers will be returning on NBC in midseason. Love that Betty!
Yummy, I love brie!
wow u r so beautiful lol :)
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
I'm going to buy this...
"Truth" is nothing more than a popularity contest to the unworthy breed.
People tweeted song lyrics, hes not actually naked on the floor! Sheesh!!!
This pizza >>>
I think its time to let him know whats upp.
It's funny how somethings work out for better or worse. In this case I'm still deciding.
You would fat ass
had a great day at #recruitdc - great presentations - met many interesting people
highinthe_bIAIR not doing nothing anymore...
Its funny an older season ticket holder called Steve Homer's radio show and was talking about Rickie Week's inability to field to his left
snow there too?
that is hilarious and sad at the same time.
Brianna probably is sending them porn..
No! Bad Alex. You stop that.
Rocky IV never get old
Baltimore city people, come drum with me in Pigtown tomo. 1100 block of Ward st. 11am-2pm, they're advertising free massages!
Great field position here for the Hokies. Play now under review
Responded to FIRE @ 910 Sterlin Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11216. Red Cross auto update.
Hey jasmin just noticed u had a twitter O_O
Happy birthday courtnei.
We'll also be live tweeting during #dplawest . Stay tuned!
R.I.P to everyone who passed away in 9/11. <3
Congratulations, and welcome to the ROC! See you in the fall!
Begin somewhere. You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do. Liz Smith
You got that from TeenPosters right???
Yeah. I lost a lot of important files on
Follow or I'll kill you with a fork.
Why do u draw up a play for jennings? He's been off all night.
Hey! Tweeting! I feel like a baby bird.
GOOD MORNING! This Egg McMuffin is worth CAPS LOCK!
be there in 30 and have a margarita waiting for me please ;)
Debate at breakfast: does R, our 3 year old, swallow the water she swishes out her mouth with when brushing her teeth?
"Plucky little sisters, 1, 2, 3... lookin for adventure, you and me..."
Fired red in studio now!!
Creative Destruction = Creative Distraction
Senator McCain hammering Obama for taking credit for bin Laden killing - 'The thing about heroes, they don't brag.'
Watching pretty women :)
We saw two spotted owls on our walk in the park today, very cool!
This planet has a lot of beautiful people on it. But my Great Granny alwasys said "Pretty is Pretty does." so its what is on the
At my little cousins softball practice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Last chance to see my solo show at the R. Coury Fine Art Gallery in historic Savage Mill. Closing reception this Friday, August 21st, 6-8pm
I'm so sick of my "friends" lying to me and not inviting me anywhere. ugh. fjilhdglsuidhflguire
Nothing Sad Yo'?
bwahahaha! We were just talking about AG on the dispatch homegirl.
Everyone go follow she will follow you back!!:D
Open Systems is looking for a Sr. Recruiter for our Philadelphia location. Know anyone?
I am reading my twitter timeline!
#IHateToBreakItToYou but twitter will be done in at least 2 years. Especially if we keep up with these stupid trending topics.
he's the best villain ever
as a longtime fan of wiz #rollingpapers is disappointing..except "on my level" n "rooftop"
- OKC, I think. They look pretty scary.
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
sure follow back
you work today? I'll hook you up.
its the piercing thats on top of the skin ;)
she's horrible..after Chris Mann performed and she said "this is a real man that respects women" so uncalled for!
we're going to get you to 50k by your birthday :) follow me?
. saw the box score and was NOT happy about it. We are going to the ballpark in about 30!
it's not about who is real to your face it's about who stays real behind your back
oh sure, I'm all for plugins for it, but not into the core.
Gwinnett Tech. Do you have school now?
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
I'm adding Daniel Pink's "Drive" to my reading list!
Through rain, sleet, snow—and bioterror attack
Some might call it crazy or overboard. I call it determination and I'm not stopping at anything short of my dreams.
So happy to be off today and tomorrow
Any political party that pushes Latinos away will be the permanent minority party in this country.
religion class #KindaMissingOldSchedule!!! :(
I love my crazy, goofy, stupid, gorgeous, weird, lame, socially challenged friends. -
Stupid ass EVO
likewise! Love making new friends.
hahahahaha. there are so many lines from that, I don't even know what to say.
I'm not even trying and I see the yelp icon twice, as well as both flipboard and scrabble icons. Definitely poorly executed :(
And daily reports about the rain in Spain...
...and Ne-Yo did his thing as Jar Jar Binx
Thanks for the adds everybody!
the main site was taken down (:
The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame
and I are taking usual nonsense to Reno. Hope they are ready for us.
Can not seem to ever get a hold of a sales rep I have been trying to talk to someone for a week and all I get is a voicemail.
what's up?
Provisions are packed, and I've had an extra espresso. I think I'm ready for 6 hours of Wagner at 10am.
well no one is around me I'm all alone lol
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithTurkey Turkey dance:)
Naked Eye is one of best songs of the 90s! Will play it for 90s at 9 one of these nights. Digging through the "archives" now
RT : Ready to be home. BNA here we come! // I'm with ya!
FXFITVID Now has 495 followers! The 500th follower will get a big Shout-Out!
thanks for re tweet :)
Dawg... My palms are sweating
yay algebra.. not
Thanks for the RT on the Pay-triotism article! Much appreciated!
Follow my journey to Mrs. Oklahoma International! New website coming soon! www.facebook.com/TheSherriStewart
why you got to do this to me now!!!!! -_-
That was almost an awesome play.
You can ’t Burn on Facebook If you get enough burners together in a room, they will probably (A) throw a party that involves at least par
some of us have to get to our fortune 100 company to sell cheap Chinese sweatshop products.
watched Young Adult last night.... proves Diablo Cody can't write an ending to save her life. at least there was dranking involved
You should never have to self justify yourself to anybody, but you.
RT : Obeezy just slow-jammed the news with The Roots and walked off to Eric B. is President. *drops phone*
I don't care if he is or isn't but perception in the media many times is reality. LBJ became evil cuz of a "decision"
Try our Mardi Gras Jambalaya dog topped w/ house made jambalaya, w/ potato salad & chips for only $6 tonight! Le ze la bon ton roulette!
Might be setting up a kefir klass!
congrats on being the #1 comedy album Joey "coco" Diaz!!
Income Tax Acctg Sup. needed in Decatur, IL. Relo assistance. Must have exp calculating deferred taxes. email
I want a white one like Jennette! :]
hi im Karlton. I'm new to twitter. I love your show keeping up with the Kardashians
'The legacy you leave is the life you lead' -James Kouzes
Weather is Perfect
#youknowyourestoned when every taxi becomes a cop and every cop is a pizza delivery guy
you too! i aint doin shit tonight! im on call for work n shit and theres no more decibel! or my sidekick harry foreskin!
RT Maybe marrying my high school stat teacher wasn't a feasible life goal anyway. I'm happy for his engagement. Really.
doesn't your twitter account already serve that purpose?
Q10 What are some ways I can get to know my customers better?
Every month is Black History Month at the VSU Special Collections and Archives! Come by and visit!
ill see what I can do pimp
Fitch Downgrades RadioShack's IDR to 'B-'; Outlook Negative - MarketWatch (press release)
there's a shelf like to answering a Knock Knock joke. so that last one expired.
RT : ! what is your favorite #poetry image? Please reply and share this ? with your network
It is possible to put too many veggies in the risotto. Trust me on this
Yes, last night. I couldn't put it down.
He said was I pregnant
what happened ?!?!
Random question: did u ever find that video of us doing the pecha kucha? Trying 2 share w/ students for an event we're doing.
M..me too! “: I'd love for someone to make me funfetti cupcakes right now”
Not to be melodramatic, but if Tom Hanks & Rita Wilson ever split up, I'm out. Hear that, Rom? Don't let me down.
then come over already!
What's up Conroy? Thanks for the follow. I hope your skies are blue this weekend and you get a chance to ride!
So glad I stayed up for update
i love how you are yourself <3 and i love your music <3
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
Only if he hasn't been to deGaulle. Ugh.
Yep, the flash on my iPhone almost always makes pictures worse. I usu. use the HDR; occasionally they're better.
Are the posters for URCAD or does IS have a separate research presentation event? We are in full URCAD-prep mode here at OIA.
shouldA went home when you went
Thank you for partnering with the #Masterspov this year! You are supporting aspiring & professional attendees worldwide!
you were so cool at the
Mia was in deep thought, so I asked her what she was thinkin about....her answer: Unicorns
Bass tracks tonight, the CD is coming along nicely.
I see the number 23 in the foreseeable future.
Idk how people say that me and look like twins, I'm like twice her size and weigh triple her weight :o
I'd say it's likely he's still booting up his original brain stem each morning.
- woa! So angry Mom isn't angry?
Anything by nickleback
Comedy audio www.freekshowradio.com Check it out!
follow!? I love you soo much! <3
nice piece!
Remember, the guards have been instructed/trained to react to photography, if there is a no-photo policy.
We are now hiring bridal consultants!! Visit our facebook page for more details.
I can't believe I let my father talk me into bringing me here.
Just read disturbing comment to NYT article- the arts, languages, & music = "extra curricular subjects, the soft subjects..." (?!)
My favorite is ":q!" followed by "mate ."
Im ON it
If no one has claimed this, I may know of a charity that would like to have it.
hey man, piss on all the doubters!! Keep your head up and come aboard The Big Blue Nation.. Go Big Blue!!
Just like the neural plasticity of the brain - repairing broken neuron pathways
gag me with a spoon tbh.
Is there #snow in the 7 day? RT #Indy temps drop to the low 20s tonight, but warm into the mid 40s Monday.
I love family time!
-______- I gotta pee. Dekaney I tell you
That's already done I pre-ordered it yesterday :) and you better be headed to New York soon!!!
Jeff Bi: Sustainable Forest Management as a value add to all stakeholders in consumer packaged goods. My $.02, Go FSC, ditch SFI.
getting a new scarf>>>>.....getting ur old one<<<<
If you are not happy here and now, you never will be.
Gibbons and Dowland are the most charming and best early story tellers through melody
Saw my first of year hummingbird and bat yesterday. It's summer, if they're back.
Tofu instead of brownies. At the gym to run intervals now. The math has to add up, right?
i loves you more then any person other then your family ever fucking will <3
we've got a mushroom soup today that is phenomenal with our popular pulled pork
follow us please? (:
"Nothing good happens before 11."-Jordan Hutchins
I think it went well... Eagerly awaiting my grades! Also I can't get over how beautiful VA is.
Our house on Sat morning: all adults & kids typing away on computers. (I am still working on coding transcrpts from our tutor interviews.)
And I thought I was only who knew how perfect that pandora station was for mowing grass!
Bob Probert RIP - the best enforcer ever!
walking past my uncle davids <U+2665><U+2665>
Yeah, NOT happening!
lmaoo my phone is messed up
Ladies, remind your man how handsome he is today. Let Him Know How Wonderful He Is In Everything That He Does. Motivate Hm To Greatness. ;*
Valentines Dinners For The 5pm Seating Are Available ~ Raw Four Course Menu With Live Lasagna and Choco Ganache www.budurl.com/BLValentines
If you love sports and stats, check out Just came across this site and I'm in heaven. Love this stuff!
We have free tix to our show this Fri at The Hangar Nola! Get at us
looking good today Peta!
what's wrong?!
cant wait to go back out on the road with the #ruthless tour! miss u!
Wow bryz is falling apart
Heading to BTW commencement - SO proud of grads & WFGM grantees: Girls Basketball Team Educational/Cultural Experience
I'm sad to see you leave :( what happend? Contijued success my dear!!!!
You forgot to list The West Wing as one of the top five tv shows!
Who wants to host a shoe or cereal drive for ? These are priority needs currently.
"There is a dinosaur behind us hatching." -LT
well, probably every day I get to spend with my nephew & the day my mom married my step-by-step dad. :-)
heyy follow me i will follow back
I have a new salsa recipe. can't wait to try it!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 31st, 10:30am "Aliens Love Underpants" What do Aliens Wear?- Make your own to take home.
Candlebox is an underrated band in my opinion!
sounds awesome! I have no idea yet!
Annie s moving to the velvet lounge at 9:30 to see grammar tomorrow? You don't say!
RT Samsung’s Galaxy Tab Revealed as One of Verizon’s Android Tablets: A few weeks ago, we caught wind of Verizon’s An
You going to be at the stu later? I'm coming by to rile up those ghosts.
Taking son to his first Alvin Ailey performance tonight. Hope he loves it as much as I do.
Hm, 76 out on March 14...prefect day for a plyo workout in the yard, and grilled burgers after!
True story RT : again bob! Murdered the streets on football news
My parents need to calm down, its barely 10 -__-
come to dc and hang with me we can go skateboarding
Ah im so happy jake thrupp fllowed me on twitter!!!
RT : World premiere in 3, 2... 1! As in, you're Number 1 in writer's I'd love to work with. Congrats!!
wtf o ya I'm all about conversation. I SUCK AT IT! I just skip that part and go to the next thing
killing it at whiskey chicks!!!
Try text marketing for your business. It's effective (10%-30% response), It's simple and it's inexpensive. www.zesmo.com
I want it all, but I know I don’t need it.
Merry Christmas car! You're gettin' new tires today!
haha (: you should do a pic (:
Check out www.woorank.com
Thanks so much for performing during Tin Pan South! All I can say is you seriously put on a GREAT show at the Hard Rock!
We can do without that one. RT : The term "Smokin' hot tax bill" appears to enter 2012 #mnleg lexicon.
lol yep them woman folk better get barefoot and in the kitchen. Get me a beer.
I've been swelling really bad lately, so it's getting hard to plan things lol... Rise Against? My ankles were like footballs!
Vol 2 of 's album is also really strong! So far I do like the studio sound and instrumentation of Vol 1 better overall.
Don't come back for me, don't come back at all.
Fun day today shoot was fun. Now tonight now #TheVoice has me for a little while...
Im Grace and Im the dreamer the believer.Commons album must hav thinkin music get it...
"The Golden Crown"
I've seen every single episode of and I could still pick your brain for hours, after I got past the hair of course
Lovely morning here in Miami, Florida. Smile, laugh and be kind to others, it's contagious.
Glad u liked it. I think you'll see some more videos with T as the talent coming soon :)
Carry on sucking then. RT : If I wanted deadlines, I'd get a job
And my computer has crashed and potentially lost my files that I needed for class! Are u fucking kidding me? FML! I hate this semester!
One loss...cant bear to watch MLB highlites tonite...tomorrow!
- Lucky to have such great crit partners! Worth their weight in gold for sure.
Work tonight in Boston and its game day!!! OH GOD please help me with all these red sox fans walkin around. -___-
RT : Heading to #Bedlam Baseball...but first a stop off at /Thanks for stopping!
yeah me too. lol
An impotant point I just thought of: "Chase your passion, but never stop enjoying your personal hobbies" We are everything that we do.
on my way to church, i hope the skit goes well!
I promise this is the last The Last of the Mohicans. Damn you, IFC, for playing great movies twice in a row.
Yes! Chicago has the highest gas prices in the country.
I've been flying nonstop past 2 yrs! Am a published writer in 7 countries! Would love 2 write 4 !
...and with lessened eyesight comes wisened foresight. :) happy fri my wise friend!
Women are like stars...only one can make your dreams come true!
Think of the most important moments in your past. Now, imagine yourself wearing a sombrero and serape during said moments
Happy birthday ! Miss you, kid.<3
Now this was a great game. Both teams played well. Nuggets came to play, but just didn't bring it all the way.
Absolutely not! Fear is the root of evil - both for the good it prevents you from doing, and the bad it compels you to do.
The Big Lebowski
We sadly had to cancel our slot on the 11/2 Beachland show, but thanks for the shout! Have a great show, love the EP.
T.J. Whatever his last name is is a faggot
thanks. i will give her a shout
No one north of the mason/dixon seems to think chicken & waffles sounds good... y'all need to get to Dame's Chicken & Waffles in Durham!
Girls that send out nudes around school .. You're not cute .. You're just a nasty little whore :)
I don't have any open foster homes; we aren't pulling any new dogs right now from any shelter. MADACC is the stray hold facility.
so many who are young / and eager fresh and valiant / will grow gray and wizened / after years of healing helping ...
My daughter prefers her dad & my son prefers me <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> I love that
You should get a bidet or one of those japanese butt-cleaning toilet seats. They are awesome.
dude i'm just want to say.. i love u..
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.Herman Hesse.
maybe not an economist but def critiquing neo-liberal policies. Big fan but?
No if i sent the last text you text me first...
Great presentation on new #Facebook fan pages by Keith Thanks for bringing me!
you awready know!! I checked it out fam!! That track is sick!!
Wade aint on ish or the team
This #Shondanight is amazing! Greys + #Scandal + tacos + margaritas + great company = #winning +
I detect a hint of *sarcasm* #NY in the rain....
dang! I gotta get saving
It's not like that for alotta cats nowadays. They just throw out evrythng. The internet has changed that & so has our generation's attn span
Watching the #NFLDraft. These dudes' hairstyles are horrendous!
Fact. RT : you basically need a shower after eating any amount of fried chicken
stay frosty my friend
he is , i repented so much yesterday after this sermon i watched omgosh , i felt so far
hey can u follow me I just followed u relly want 50
103-88 Good Start #LAKERS!!! Way to go Bynum ...Triple double and tied record for most blocks in playoff game with 10. #lakeshow in effect
you are also such a pioneer...thank you for inspirting me, allowing me to cry and knowing it gets better.
Smart Discl Summit Fri. focuses on data gov collects from corps. about consumer mkts and how openness improves decisions and competition
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 34
haha thats what happened to me dawg! when i first moved back to vegas. thrown out of the house & fired for smoking in backyard
It looks smokey ! I like it :D
Left my iPod Touch at home. I feel like part of my brain is asleep. My iPad has all the same apps, but it's not as ubiquitous as a handheld.
vocab words : Basically; You know; For Us; Like; Uhm; Hi; Get Along Well; Massive.
There's a little moonlight dancing on the sand
Happiness is being trapped under your beautiful, sleeping child. I love staring at that little angel face. It's as magical now at age 9 as 1
it's true?!
Sublime's "What I got." Art or not?
I don't think the burns makes any difference. I lived in a nice burbs and the kids were extra cruel to me.
got me some red vines
oh okay :)
We should trade tales of our adventures, good suh. I am please to make your acquaintance.
just wanna love ya baby. U are a genius.
Jackie threw up all over my floor and idk what the hell happened to it after that lol
It was so boring. I took a test in history and i think i did bad..:/
Fallin asleep to the sound of the rain
Thank you! We wish you a great weekend as well!
Oliver Left Twisting in the Wind
This week's free Saturday Sips: George from pouring his new beer picks, including Dupont Saison. M. 2-4 p.m. Sat.
Both speakers think Joss Whedon's Cabin in the Woods does interesting stuff with tropes and stereotypes.
I wouldn't call it bad taste as much as I would bad juju...but I'm superstitious like that.
I Dont Got Time For Female Drama Its A Waste Of Time!
I got a 95 lol i took a really wide turn leaving the place
Watching a special on biography channel on Charles Manson...never ceases to captivate me, this freak. I cant believe this really happened
Thanks for the follow, Kali!
law and order, SO worth a slow morning start. I watched 6 in a row on the weekend!
I told you b4, ur not that Bright! I will need some refreshments after the workout ur Mother & I had, I will Post it online!
Hi Jim!
You are quick! watcha up to? We could use your help on a project. Office Phone # on our website: www.OregonTVfilm.Org
yes my shirt does today but not always. What's the difference between leggings and super right pants with no pockets?
Cheers, bro. Really excited to celebrate with you soon!
This Ucon vs ND basketball game is great! On ESPN !!
that's y I told u so u can get it
While backing into my parking spot today a spider decides to descend onto my head. Needless to say I almost wrecked.
Idk, when I heard it I decided it sounded similar to what you've been listening to lately
Why is this lunch table so awkward
Watching "Around the Horn" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery. - Harold Wilson
work 1 that one has dust, mud, & dirt all over so I don't think that would be a good idea another of the cars my dads going 2 B
I thought of that later. Perhaps Gallit_z will have to make you a member & then you should be able to sign in & edit the page. THX
That's wussup!
why you get quiet so quick B??
Thanks for spreading the word about my birthday. Rebecca Forstadt
whatcha going to nashville for bro?
The sharper the cheese is, the more flavor it has
funny?;O how? i know sorry puddin , next time!^.^
Bday breakfast at Grey Dog Cafe near Union Square with the boss and his lady.
I'm sure he (Chris Brown) can sing, but the question is: why doesn't he?? ": but he can sing."
Tune in tonight to watch President Obama, class of '83, give his State of the Union address...
so your deleting or no?!?!
Lord follow My New Page
You're very welcome. I've heard wonderful things about your dirty dog shampoo.
Inception may be my most favorite movie of all time
why are u at maliks house and he's not home?
I used to, but I deleted it. Maybe I'll make a new one tonight <3 What's yours?
whatever what we doin tomorrow punk?
thanks a lot!
My grocery has brie on sale. I pick up some and some puff pastry for an end of the semester celebration.
Warm thanks for the kind #mention !
You better go get some more beer! Drink one for me..or two!
He Already Know My Answer Anyway
How far can the Bulls get w/o Rose?
I'm done with my video script, now all I need is some new A batteries because my old ones just died. T.T
do we need special passes to get in to see big Bill tomorrow?
$1000 WEBSITE SPECIAL for first 20 people! Call (404)216-7101 for details! Happy Memorial Day!
The NFL draft? I'll pass.
don't interrupt minikeg Monday... On a Wednesday.
got it?
#nw "the roommate" this bitch is crazy!
It look like it might hurt to walk outside right now..
shoutout to a hot new friend
I'm in Detroit 4/4-4/9.... other than that let's get something on the books. Did Bob see Dad this trip?
There are (I'm sure) gay professional male athletes. If they speak openly it It would be huge. A collective fight against the stigma.
I see u and I can't think straight <U+2764>
parsnips that are harvested after the first frost are sweeter than before....who knew?
-_- I could have went if SM would have told us earlier >_>
I love you! <3
fried onions & shredded turkey marinated w/lime juice & chipotle, & sharp cheddar cheese.
Algiers..I think
: If I wanted to hear about your boyfriend, I'd ask you about your boyfriend.
& thank you dearly for the signed album in the mail. Now, a studio sesh and coffee date will also do as my birthday present <3
Mizzou walked 11, hit 2, made 2 errors..and still beat Texas today! Horns left 18 on base..
I am so, so sorry to hear this. You and your family are definitely in my thoughts.
Assuming my download speed stays constant, that is... It's 55 GB worth of episodes!
hahah well i worked hard on it and i hope my other stories are just as good! Or better(: better would be nice
what? and diane and thibault are gonna get mad you know...
youre gay. im taking off fri night or sat morning, and id like to see you too BRAH. anthill? ill need a break at some point
I don't get how Romney has to do any convincing. If someone asks if you want to be VP, the answer isn't: "Nah, I like my job."
Four days ago, my Kindle got broken. Totally my fucking fault, too.
We know that is proud to see , another athlete, speaking at Priority's life after sports event ;)
What bothers you?.. "What bothers you the most is an indication of the problem you were created to solve."~ Mike Murdock
My back is killing me! This heat, I tell you.
is helping me fuck shit up so i don't throw my phone at a wall!
Thanks for the support with #GiveBIG rt:
Sometimes it is the Answers that need more Questioning then the Questions need Answering..
tried that..it doesnt work
I'd like to give a shout out 2 the girl from The Band Perry for finally brushing her hair. Now only if she could persuade her sisters too...
Katie knows how to behave at times. And she also knows how to get wild as well. Just my opinion.
Thank you!
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soup of the day are broccoli and tortilla. Sugar free Lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Thank you for your support! ;)
Buying Chinese spices in San Francisco's Chinatown. Then to japantown for sushi. yfrog.com/h4hcudmj
Just made a bet with myself... And lost. Guess I owe me $20!
Hell yeah
FAB. Organizations and people who are really making things happen for this city. :)
I wanna see that video!! :0 lol
RT : Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. ~Mother Teresa
Thanks for the follow :)
that's my nig K friz
Saints are rollin'....Let's go Bmore
Well Boston we finally got some Snow!
Oh, I get it-- p4v is a gambit to get you to use the command line. Well played, perforce.
it's for our PBK summer reading table- basically what will be on the PBK best seller lists for June-aug
really appreciate that, thank you!
. Discussing student field trip to repurposing facility for computer hardware. Students build their own repurposed tech?
Monthly pics in Bshu gear til graduation fine with me!
#ICantStandPeople who tell you to walk faster in the but when they get in front of you, they walk even slower than you were before. -_-
thanks, Stephen!
Thanks Karl... I'm loving life these days that's for sure :)
what about Monday? Day or evening?
At the end of a long day, having avocado-tomato toast and finally listening to the new Leonard Cohen record. Bliss.
Sam can pretend she's a servant at my house any time! ;-)
So you can tweet but not text
RT : I know some of y'all believe these rappers but hip hop ain't only about money. Far from it. Respect the art or depart.
you're welcome! <3
21 days of school
when are you joining us?
check your DM
yes! There are skulls!!!! Super easy to apply!
Done packing finally good night all God Bless!
it wd be great in survey, too. Love how the psych complexity and style develop, say, James and Wharton.
Can someone tell me how to delete old direct messages on twitter?
What a beautiful fix we are in now; peace has been declared.
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
Conducting a survey on the streets of San Diego
What is everyone up to this evening?
Hibachi Steak is already on my mind!
I'm afraid my lack of math skillz is going to hurt me on this online Algorithms class. Good thing I have a smart wife to help me out. :)
This looks GREAT! I'm hungry.
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana stucco contractors, indiana eifs repair, indiana dryvit repair, indiana
I have not seen that! But I have trouble keeping things in multiple places. So, I keep my to do list on calendar.
Any Masters research opps left at ? interested in qual case studies on simultaneous nascent market formation and bm discovery
no doubt. I was poking at one arrowhead Dr and the cheapest team money can buy. Definitely makes me appreciate skc ownership
Is it working? RT : "Sorry you've hit your hourly usage limit. Try again soon" okay no prob *logs onto mobile.twitter.com*
#Florida leads #Vanderbilt 9-1 at the end of the first half.
I'm allergic to plums, I break out in a rash on my face when I eat them.. And I can't stop eating them.
Don't think so...it is more likely that he goes to work as a TV FB commentator.
Haven't seen one of these <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B> In a while!!!
Bermudez drives in two with a base hit past the 2B and take a 4-3 lead.
If any STL fans still had hope for this game, maybe Kopitar's goal w/16 sec left in the 2nd did it for them. LA 4 STL 0 End of 2.
haha there's no escaping it! I'll embrace it and wipe away my tears with a moist towelette
I think I'm bout to twist up cuz
How my dads buying me a bottle of peach ciroc
RT if you love your fans <U+2665>
You were AMAZING! Thanks for sharing-- if it's even possible I like you more than I already did.
I'm with you 100%!
Anyone else aiming to buy a Nike fuel tomorrow? Get in touch.
ah so more than friend/sibling way?
Just started a Run. 68 °F, 11mph S, 68%
Jerk chicken & oxtail wit
The fight is never ending. get peace when you're dead.
@ bronco... What a buncha f***in hillbillys.
Hey baby, I see that you have a twitter.....I also have a twitter....
Can't stop liking greasy creepy tall crazy men
You can never forget.
Haha talk about awkward!!
Twitter art: Keep tweets 120 characters or less to create room for retweeting
Right back atcha!
. shouts out livestream of summit....tune in!
Do right brain people's approach to achieving goals differ from those with left brain?
280 players signed up so far. 25 hours of registration left! Don't be late... after 9pm tomorrow, there's a late fee.
Im ready to eat already!
Steak Night is going great. I thank you. Doggie Style Hot Dogs the next 3 days. Band Sunday!!!!
Respiration is composed of two acts - first, inspiration, and then expectoration.
I am always amused at guys who talk to their Mothers with their Joint in their other hand
Just spent $10 on the jukebox at the bar and realized I could have bought a whole album on iTunes.
It's just pointless drivel--blowing up NYC. Blow some other city up for a change.
get ready for a takeover!
u suckk, can we please hang out? Now that ur going to be in the city and all
I've officially survived my first day of college
Health Reform Will Make Insurance, not health care, affordable for Nearly All Families.
Thought you might want to know, I tried your facebook button on Pinterest but it didint work at the time.
we can talk in like 5 mins in getting in the shower
I think you've said your last "Go Bears" for the season today.
I think I'll remove the thumb paint today after treatment. Which finger should I leave until the end?
The countdown begins LOL
i know it sucks that our whole life is working to pay bills it seems unfair
bored af....aw nd gatta hubby now...so now i filled in all my empty slots..#unsingle<3
o lol, where did you move to? I moved also, to Missouri
read twitter, google news and play draw something or words with friends.
well you should be plenty comfortable covering SVR!
NOOOOOOOOHHHH thats what keeps me awake in 5h period! D:
Interesting article by the tribune, but what would book title of Theo's last season be then? "THE TITANIC?!"
Thanks for the follow!
missed you in class and at brunch today!
ima kill you.
Let's see what bands are coming to florida.....
unreal again!!!!! Thank you x
Still savoring the Indian food...and the convo!
oh thanks cuz.....I kept seein it
was gifted a win in softball today(we played pretty bad but they played alot worse) oh well just another bit of less then useful information
Exactly. I imagine Star Wars tees are the most formal of all tees.
The class division on the plane makes me crazy!!!! First class sucks!!!:)
Bronx flow.
Wait, I thought she'd already come and gone...so to speak....
great place
wolf blitzer: "stand by for more on rick perry"... pun intended?
i agree with 's overall concept about BAM. but the real problem is the educational system; not the name.
Hate losers who follow you hoping you'll follow back and raise their numbers. I'm good with 3 followers, fuck off.
Found my coach rain boots in the attic... Wtf mom?
Of course.
Many times we pray and get answers but do not recognize the answer because it is not what we are looking for. Love and Light
yo thank for all the help today. Ima text u so lock me in.
RT : Happy World Theatre Day Chicago! Get out tonight and support your favorite arts organizations.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Family law services are a serious investment. Only invest in an attorney who you trust and respect.
How does Dan have one of our Wide Angle signs? I love those yellow guys.
ate you
never trust them walmart fish, you know how those conditions are <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> its okay, his spirit will live on 5EVER
Austin needs the rain.
Looking through Facebook pictures and it's safe to say I have a fetish for kissing all my friends. I'm kissing more than I'm smiling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Classes of my sophomore year finished!
RT : Have a blast! RT : Chefs Douglas Rodriguez n Aaron Sanchez hosting the "Salsa at Sea" event...
if u love cody simpson like me u should follow my other twitter :). i follow back on ALL accounts.
is 62 days away & the weight is still here! time 4 a big change...both for the race & health! #motivation followed by
Need a little bronze in your life? Monthly tanning available for $18.88
We are playing ash street at 9:30. Come out!
Okay, you just won an all expense paid trip to go anywhere in the world. Where would you go?
um on one tree hill!!! Haha
#NP I Don't Wanna Dance - Hey Monday
Thanks Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Gary Karton is a political speechwriter. Did he write Clinton's tortuous 1988 DNC speech or Buchanan's awful '92 RNC speech?
Melatonin is my new favorite "supplement". Out like a granny panty and sweatsuit-wearing lamp.
LOL i know ;*
Listening to K'Naan- In The Beginning. Immediately reminds me of you
If tomorrow wasn't promised, what would you give for today?
I'm happy to hear that. You're almost done with high school! I'm ready for you to come home!
i cant hoop bro my girl is sick right now.. My bad
interesting. Looking forward to that.
lame! I just got to new York and was hoping I might see you this weekend!
Having a heart to heart with my mom about family stuff
Zach is behind the stick tonight! Come and see what he's playing with for the new menu!
So glad you enjoyed your time at the top of the Space Needle! Come back soon!
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO got damn, man.
Jet fans ecstatic after the man responsible for drafting Vernon Gholston and Mark Sanchez is reportedly leaving the Jets for Oakland.
11th hole at Gross National Golf Club, 5 over, pretty much sucking... Lol
it's hard to stop swearing.
Lake Show. Artest going HARD. Mamba playing too smart. Game 7 celebration imminent
Why are you telling us *where* they are instead of *what* is happening?
anybody wanna join? my boys need ladies!
Symantec Confirms 'Segment' of Source Code Was Stolen
a brilliant lady to
two prewired surface mount leds I bought hooked to my subwoofer so that they pulse when the sub hits, led GU10 light bulb is alright?
off to the Bay Area!
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Wh.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center><h1>410
feel free to share your leftovers :)
- Cute and Funny!
apparently not the #Sixers fans who were chanting "ACL, ACL" when Noah hit the pine last Friday night. #NoneTooProud of my city
My mom is excited about possibly spending Mother's Day at a Spurs game :)
Watching Hes just not that into you(;
What's his topic? And why is he coming down on pathology?!
Hello - thanks for the follow. Cheers, Carl.
Day off to a great start strong black #coffee and watching - Good morning fellow #uppers !
#youknowudirty when u gotta go in somebody house and take ur shoes off and u say I'm a wait in the car HAHA
Johnny DiLoretto talking with the Grinch this morning!
..Sometimes there's nothing better then beeing out of a relationship !
Does sniffing a bunch of glue impair your ability to drive? Asking for a friend...who is sitting in my passenger seat and is terrified.
You tryna call me out?! (because you're right......)
so when does he start? :)
I don't know. It's really not used anymore. Everything is styled in CSS now. I used that years ago. :)
oops. it's fixed now. you should be able to get online
Welcome to ATSU news on Twitter. Now you're in-the-know.
Pathetic? I think you meant to type awesome.
Interview with Clintonville City Admin Lisa Kuss on Mystery Booms - April 5 2012 - cement truck
How were you feeling the next morning'? That has the BG'S written all over it!
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.”
nigga who have u ever beat I blow u out Everytime ez lol
Shout out to ! She's almost at 15.8k followers!
breastfeeding very hot topic, especially at moment. Sending you peace and strength over this controversial time.
#RT “If the money is the only motivation for you, then you can’t succeed. Put your love in the #business.”
What's your favorite way to fundraise? RT : I wish my animal rescue had more money. Waaah. I need to help fundraise.
oh and I love your purses! are there any vegan ones?
well that's great news and thank for your continued concern and support, sweet friend <3 let's make more music some day!
How does a company "do good" 4 customers? What do customers want from companies? Do u want Coke 2 tell u 2 brush ur teeth?
I Want One About Logan!^_^ <3
MT : Unlike Walker, Barrett appears in public. D's in LaCrosse, EauClaire & at Osseo's Norske Nook.
so glad to meet you and great that you like too
: RT : This mixtape #wanted is really good. Good job
your welcome ;)
You are just so wonderful! Thanks.
RT : when I was at pawn shops selling my dead mom's wedding ring to get money for food.. I had no idea. IMAGINE ME. imagine you
Dang #BBN is out in full force tonight. That's unbeleiveable.
: when is the next Toros game?
Aye, same here man, both in good times and bad! Keep your head held high man, eventually this country will change for good.
Hey! The scores/ standings are up from Saturday. www.gokickball.com/columbus
Are the people on Doomsday Preppers real? Is this a real reality TV show or is it like Jersey Shore?
basically the same + school lol I'm leaving from down towards your city at the moment
thanks much. i'll let you know if more specific questions arise.
Mantra of the day: I will not think about the stolen hour of sleep. (suck it up buttercup)
My phone is being bombed with tweet texts from lol cool. :D
Let's drink 2 this! 2 billion more people worldwide now have access 2 clean #water as #MDG - Millennium Development Goal - is met.
I am so full
it's the calm before the storm.
I just watched a paralyzed girl use a new exoskeleton to stand up and walk with braces.
Its time for the 9 o clock hit mix with DJ Grooves. Tune in to 98.9 radio now
hell yea <3
Big Sunday Funday ahead of us tonight at STUDIO PARIS!
Badgers still alive. Whitney Massey with an RBI double pulls UW within 7-5 of Michigan in the bottom of the 7th.
Probably early June 2013
what's up coy I'm good man. How you doin
The wonders of mondern medicine leave me wanting.
manifest rouge destiny j
thanks for asking!
Not yet, but for now you can pause a program on Friday to start back up on Monday.
well let's make that move then ha
Titans have to take Courtney Upshaw, don't they? Who knows.
A ton of insider selling going on at CMG Chipolte. Stock could be near the top, time to short...
At least I gt backup plans....but it kinda hurts too lose ya main option
Forgot I didn't have blonde hair anymore this morning.
is understanding it part of info lit, or is info lit just knowing how to evaluate/use/find info? or citation?
I got boyee ;)
I haven't really heard all of it lol. just knowing the wiz khalifa part threw me off. Gonna listen now
This place is hell. I don't want to sell cell phones anymore. Need a change!
Keep #calm and carry on.
I have not had discussions with either of them since before my election over last year
... but the pictures (and the navigation bar) into a folder. Everything else works. Must investigate more today; first time I've
Doing a Cash Mob turned out to be one of the best things that I have done in 58 years on this Earth!
Happy 78th anniversary to tavern- you do the Blue Moon name proud!
hohoho MVP... who could it be :)
well that ending sucked...
If you like to laugh and you're not following , then you're doing something wrong. Follow him!
screen it in Austin. World on a Wire, a previously unreleased title until recently is on their list of titles available.
Hey Dianna "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg"s JUICED UP single on youtube HELP!!! us gain more fans tell some friends THANKS...
We gotta expand...I think other cities are ready for us
#tweets #SocialChat Its also helped me think on my feet.. and fast!
aspirational goal #163: become listed in Wikipedia ...10 points!
Not Much Just Can't Sleep...Wbu?
I normally hate most hedge funds and would like to regulate most out of business. But not Tepper. He is good
hey bro, Brews+class=headdown or ditch Wednesday leading up to headache Thursday
All I ever wanted was you.
I *know*, what a ridiculous excuse!
What'd he say?
follow cause he's fucking hitler
Partner Leroy McGuirk hated crowd he had drawn for racist reasons. He wasn't alone. But Ladd and Watts saw green.
Listening to a 2yr old read (recite) Green Eggs and Ham. Kind of amazing.
Nope, not yet.
www.SeductiveDreamWear.com SEXY LINGERIE and MORE! LADIES YOU WILL LOVE IT. Check us out.
Yup What IS the current deal w/ mirror neurons? They exist, but not known how they work or help social interactions
Oh no way! Too cool ;o) & I love random thoughts
I'm trying to find your heart, but see #TheThingIs I don't care
Girls always want to see me without a hat on I don't get why
Listening Moon by Miku and looking at this beautiful moon, I wish I had a camera to take and upload a pic... ):
16 days to the #EmptyBowl - I am just so excited!
Gossip & tequila before we wonder the city to shoot.
good:) tired
#ArtFact – People have been #painting for the past 20,000 yrs, but it wasn't until 1880 that you could purchase ready mixed paints.
Spoke at the Golf Course Owners Association lunch in Cottage Grove, WI. Great group supporting tourism.
trying to butter me up again?
I THINK there might be a problem in Syria. I could be wrong though. BTW, glad to see China and Russia aren't running the show.
What a surprise- didnt see that coming! You?
I don't wanna get up or go to class
Domo, have you started Spring Ball yet?
I repeat myself when under stress. I repeat myself when under stress.
Alright...im out for the night. Tired gal...so ready to sleep. Hope everyone had a great day! Ps.48:14 ;)
You're welcome re:
And I will not be participating in tomorrow's National Straw Hat Day celebrations. Sorry, no.
oh ok. Thanks Eugene!
LOOOL THAT SHOULD NOT BE POSTED IN PUBLIC!!
If you control the mail, you control... INFORMATION
Tried to get a hold of you on facebook. I wrote a first person story of sibling abuse and how connected to bullying. Connect
haha. i love you alex (: haahahaha.
Soundchecking for the 2pm Bugle Boy show w/ Nicolette Good & Phoebe Hunt. Watch the live stream from your favorite chair!...
thanks for following :)
Merry Christmas to you, too. Tell the gang I said hey and I hope to be able to visit the Coast in 2012!
Hood General '$ the MIXTAPE IN THE STREETS hustlemane901on youtube check it out !
I think it's time for an Internet-intervention. Sometimes technology can cause more harm then good to ones own mind.
Awkward Is my Specialty.
i won't. I just had to let it out you know
take it easy, don't get pressured, yoga is not about pain. its about letting things happen
WHERE ARE MY SHADES???
is he good? lol.
haha ill tell u next time I see u in person ill be in twitter jail its so ridiculous
I did gluten free and dairy free for 30 days, it was a challenge but you feel great! Good luck :)
Also, I wonder how this wouldhave gone down pre-internet
something you've been looking for leaked today....
So happy it rained! I get home all weekend!
Me I haven't changed much u know how I play it better safe then sorry
I am now officially a "TWEATER" ......... is that correct?
Ladd, prayers for your Dad..
oh, you must be talking about that whole "life" thing. Best of luck!
A shake a day keeps the hunger and cravings away. TeamVic Matrix
what show are u watching? Let me recommend Phineas & Ferb, I luv it!
That explains it! RT : For #pdx pollen: moderate tree (oak, pine and ash) and moderate grass (all types).
Andy is 4th funniest on show. Get real
Are you going to May 16th? I'll be there shooting event.
Bryce Harper looks like a Klingon. What the hell is on his head?
Proof of Christopher Grimes' THE PORNOGRAPHERS on the way. Beautiful, delicious, sexy, hilarious, disturbing...
no audio, but video is working
$300 for new car keys. I need to be more responsible.
Mfers bogus as hell but it's all good. I'll find mines & mfers better not ask Jai for a mfin' thing Know that!
My 2 homies is chiefin on a blunt right now, and I only gotta smoke a bowl!!
I hate cleaning.
I miss you. The old you.. The new one sucks.
Shout out to you Ashley! #TeamBaylor #A21 -
ridiculous. We can be thunder buddies in my bed!!
Been outside tanning with my Mom for what seems like hours now. The sun is so addicting!
#wwhl andy I love the suit who are you wearing ?
Eattin' crow. Congrats to the Giants fans.
Feeling out of touch: what is RT? How did I miss this major communication transformation?
Even if you don't make TRUMPETER OF KRAKOW (great idea!) in time for this year, it's an annual film festival!
Every kid in America deserves to have a library in his pocket.
Whores Need To Be Put In Their Place. Its A Relationship of Two Not Three Slut.
People are so fake. You either hate me or you dont so make up your mind and stop talking shit behind my back and being nice to my face.
a battle free exposed...
Ersan takes the charge ... adding to league lead in that category.
yay I'm loved c;
David Gregory is a sorry ass excuse for a journalist
#20songsilove Let It Enfold You - Senses Fail
One more day. I want to be done, out for the summer. Pool, lake, books, languages, and sleep. Family coming in August!
It's possible to be vegan on exotic vacations & business trips! Sarah Taylor, Vegan in 30 Days. Per experience, I agree!
Three Stooges Sweatshirts Funny Curly NYUK Adult Sweat Shirts
#poker quote of the day: It can be argued that man’s instinct to gamble is the only reason he is still not a monkey up in the trees.
pls follow me back :D
atlanta with my best friend, sarah for soccer (:
In case you're wondering, I won :) I am an #M31000 Pitch Winner and 1 month away from being an M3 awarde. $1M in revenue in 18 months.
you cant stay? :(
Hey Robin! Thanks for following.
Who wants to buy a black 4g iPod Touch 32g?
lesson of the day: always have business cards even when you're in line for coffee.
Should have been a unicorn.
what is she talking about?
S/O to the birthday girl
damn man wtf? why is she being bougish !
Found earplugs, finally slept. Forgot how noisy this city can be.
Yes, there are some striking similarities there.
What do you think of our new #hookah product?
what's up brotha
Full moon tonight?
same here...m-th I be so basic then friday I put on jeans and a cute top and all the men come out.smh
just had dinner fine dining
Agreed! You should come to NEOUPA meeting on 20th. Lets meet up next week or so if your free.
Coming to #Rochester via the Philipson Group: #QRCodes for business in the East End. Be sure to check them out next time your downtown!!
Who's watching the Rose Bowl parade?
At AOLTravel and Gadling event in #Chicago!
-not trying to start shit or anything but how would the Boyz have lost when they had that many fans voting so many times-
Wife just told me she's having more contractions, it's time for baby # 3 to be here!
I better listen to that show.
I once called Crime Stoppers to double check if whether or not what I was about to do was a crime.
Why do we still observe Daylight Savings?
Everytime you do a project for Canadians, the terrorists win.
I accidentally fell asleep, sorry. :/
Reuniting with the dudes after a long weekend with their dad. Tackle hugs all around.
time to back up everything on my drive
Fortune cookies seriously predict my future.
thrilled by how much folks want to get involved! stay tuned... exciting things are afoot in storefronts downtown.
anyone pick up the new resident evil game? is it sick?
16k in #wsopchester Table just broke (we) and I hope to collect on my new table
Imagine if Dekker hit that shot at the Resch Center. It just wouldn't have been the same.
thanks for the shirt, bro. Great show!
If you leave me, please don't comfort me because each sewing has to meet stinging pain.
Going to scope out The Cell. Preparing for next week's Voice Over premiere.
Britain, in summary: RT : Just had a scotch egg on the bus.
When we let go of trying to get more of what we don<U+0092>t really need,we free up enormous amount of energy that has been tied up in the chase.
Watching Blade Runner. It's the 30th anniversary. I can't believe how good it still looks after 30 years.
Student Officer elections are TOMORROW night @ C4 after service!! Join our team!!
You're welcome! <3 you
Our Klout score on hoot suite is 38... is that good?
Give our support team a call at 202-686-9330.
#livetweeting #barcamp #atx all day at Black Sheep Lodge #oatx Tshirts have arrived, presentations under way
Ugh rey start these 7 projects .... lord give me the strength!
Responded to FIRE @ 199 Dartmouth Street, Hempstead, NY 11550. Red Cross auto update.
He was bigger than life & we celebrate his birthday in a big way. Feb 4th 7 pm Nemo's Detroit will host the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
If your husband is the one who wants the divorce,you should NEVER beg or plead to get him to return.You give away your bargaining power.
Rosa, I'm am environmental specialist for teh federal goverment when i work from home i use my Lenovo for everything.
Would Florida let FSU in? I always thought that was an issue.
have a goodday at work n am I goin2view u2day
I kind of want chocolate now... #iHeartYouToo ...
I will stop for a Sammie next time.
still up w
Check us out every #Monday for our
Laying across bae lap while he rub my stomach my baby so loved it's all about Morgan now
Oh shit I thought that's what I put.
Its so easy to sing about drugs.
Lunch with the gang &
If you can make me blush when you call me beautiful, That's a GREAT sign.
no school time to make cupcakes yum.
"The Actor" a rare Picasso, torn by an unfortunate accident. Much buzz on repairs but nothing on the woman who tore it & repercussions.
... I loved the Success Strategies Call, and am looking forward to the Monday Mentoring Call.
we just returned from Caribbean cruise.we feel just like u did.we will never return,but support charities that attempt
Every time I have used irc, my question has been answered by some very helpful people. It can be the wild west in there, mostly very good.
China Business Networking - www.grassrootsnetworking.com/china.htm get connected for FREE with GrassRootsNetworking.com
Noticed you fell off my followers list. Would love to have you back! :) :) :)
Pretty psyched about checking out tonight for a biznez meeting. I hope the Jazz is as good as it once was.
watching martin lol funny
Why am I following Amanda Bynes on Twitter. Bi-winning?
are you gonna be in town tonight?
Thanks for the compliments Chuck! Glad you had a great time...Hope you can make it back next year!
its ard going to all these different places but what skool you going to ?
I rather leave you holding on than pushing me away
Watching the Muppets w/ my Scholars :)
i just finished reading your latest blog and i'm in tears....
I didn't know that "oil broker" was a euphemism for "Waffle House Employee"
Just had to say that you are the man, and you're playing for the Man. And that's what makes you great!
Kay ain't goin to daycare today I ain't got the heart to see the sad face this morning...plus his dad off
The boys being emotional in the video just proves that are just 5 normal people like all of us.
TOUCHDOWN #49ers wow didn't see this coming.
Bulls criticism - doesn't matter how good reg seas if fizzle in playoffs. I apply to LBJ, don't give me his stats, always fizzles at end!
I have accidently called 5 people today. Stupid phone
So... how fast do you have to go to get pulled over twice in one day? Becuase I'm gonna drive 1mph slower than that...
yup, just moved to Mountain View yesterday. Let's get coffee b4 u leave if u r free? Will DM u my number. :)
Well at least he got one cool follower,lol! as 4 the rest they gave me a good laugh
Why is it dat females think niggas wants to keep da peesticc!!! We dont want that shit keep ya own peesticc bitch!
Why do ppl have to come up wit perdictions for the world.. Why day cant just let the world end wen it end..?
Aggie fans, are you happy Byrne is gone?
I am looking for experience inside sales reps in the Florham Park, NJ area for a great client! Base salary+uncapped commission+fun incentiv…
Coming up on , learns the cha-cha!! We are 'Dancing With 12 News This Morning.'
Awww thanks KB!!!
I feel the same way you do. One my home girls told me she'll never bother me again cuz she "rubbed me the wrong way".
Never diet. Just make lifestyle changes that you can keep dedicated to.
um why say this when you r not?
If you won a prize pack last week, try to pick it up or let us know if you cannot make it by 5pm this Friday~!
rainy friday night while E's at the library = wine and The Notebook, I think.
RT : Meek Mill - Tony Story, will forever be real as fuck.
Happy Election Eve Everyone! District 2 deserves better! You all have signaled a quest for CHANGE! LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN ON NOV.2! -...
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Love my new iPhone case! Just enough space for ID, cash and keys. Thanks !
hey beautiful!(:
RT : a video for.... Romance would be dope...... its already done...
what happened to the one that was scheduled to be there?
Awwwe that's how I treat my babyg too<33(:
you'd enjoy it ...
Iv had one haha i got more followers!
need a quad shot of espresso right about now…
You've been gone a day D:
I miss hanging out with the bestie
Have I ever told you that I love,love,love ? He's a cutie(;
The tumblr app drains all my battery :(
RT : Watch Doggy Bags trailer! Short film written/directed by debuting
I wish! So Instead of Mayday Parade concert, let's go on the Warp Tour instead in New jersey(:
Should I wear my new shirt to my exam today? Um, obviously.
Back on Chicago soil; was great! Excellent time in OH including a visit to & in the same day!
today is boring i need to party
Still broke.
A particular shot or way of moving the ball can be a player's personal signature, but efficiency of performance is what wins the game.
That's it? L.A. has 7 a week!
Fitness. Philosophy. MindFirstFitness.
Congrats to former boss Steve Lavin. The Johnnies are back in the NCAA Tourney. Losing Kennedy cost him a seed. Good luck vs. the Zags!
HFC would like to welcome our new Saudi and WEST Round 7 students to the September session! We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
finishing up The Other Wes Moore for #DCReads2011; definitely going to discuss the book with our #DCPS mentees. great job!
Join me for a free presentation on Color for Your Home. 1/23 at 10:00 in Reno, NV. for more info.
APPETIZER GRILLED FLATBREAD caramelized onions, grilled pears, gorgonzola, balsamic glaze
Team Bieber is Beast,NOT!
VNSO CLOSED: for repairs and they anticipate reopening in mid June.
eating stale popcorn talkn to AlexNolle54 highlight of my night :)
loud typist, how threatening
We can dream ;) but will vendors give (like UpToDate) RT Site licenses for apps = great idea!
Yay! I am near top of the TA list for a few very interesting sounding courses outside of my main discipline! Winter 2013 will be fun.
Anytime if you guys ever need anymore for any of your events let me or know
I am very proud to be a North Carolinian and to call you the same. Thanks for fighting the good fight!
Sounds delicious!
hey i loved you as cinna in the hunger games. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
YAY! see you very soon.
awesome! Thank you, & happy birthday party!
The shift dress at H&M for sure!
What a great move it will be for you two! Hope to visit you out West. If we're VERY lucky, we'll be in neighboring states!
RT : BREAKING: will from here forward be know as
Oh my gosh!!! is coming up next!!!
It is pretty, but wet and heavy to shovel. We needed the moisture really bad though, very dry winter!!!
Oh, right! Well that doesn't sound as bad + watching 90210 what about you? <AB
Insulation is always a good investment. Weatherstrip, caulking, windows, and siding will keep the winter wind out and it is on the way :-).
BE LIKE "HE WANTED YOU TO HAVE THIS PICTURE. HE WANTED TO SHARE A LITTLE BIT OF HIMSELF AND HIS COLLECTION" OMFGGGGGGG
KD is on fire!!$
thank you! Appreciate it
I hate when I have to sleep with a pillow in my arms cause she isn't in them....it ain't the same
Repair crew heads down to corridor 2 to try repairs. For now at least, we have ourselves a bright, shiny ship.
Awesome! What kind of actor do you want to be?
Coffee needed
haha no judging here. Just seemed random haha
Finally a good day to work. Find Milwaukee's best gyros at Marquette for lunch. Don't to use your belly card to earn free stuff!
Man Bruno Mars is off the hook.
Antonio Porchia~ One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
"What do museums do, if not tell real compelling stories" Ford Bell. Come hear my story at COMPT marketplace #aam2012 Telling Tales Mulkerin
yah, can't wait!
if you could change your fate, would you?
That girl know she can write some poetry.....
Perfect! See you then!
Pillow fort construction is an art & a science. Bravo to the New York Times!!! I build a fort for living room homework extravaganza.
shit changed my life.
IT IS SUNNY IN SEATTLE! It is amazing!
Email me
The states' case did not make sense. Why would a loving Mother suddenly stop? It was a terrible case and it made no sense.
OMG I LOVE TO DRAW I ALSO LOVE TO SING AND DANCE I WANT TO BE FAMOUS BUT DONT KNOW HOW I HOPE U REPLY AND MAYBE FOLLOW THANKS :)
Ditto RT : First day of spring in Seattle has left me cold
Hey, ice cream fans! It's Free Cone Day at Ben & Jerry's, followed immediately by Brain Freeze Evening!
Oh my guysh!
Baby with 'bucket list' dies - CNN
I #Hate the exams:D
How cool! I've never seen a high speed chase live! It was #insane xD
what if I went to uganda and found kony lol
I'm gay for Brandon.
Showing up the ump is awesome. Hahaha! Sucks ass
tonight was rediculous hats all that can be said it was amazing thank out to everyone
is it possible to put power outlets in subways...that way we can like charge our iphones on the way to work....
I hve the bst big sister in the entire so naturally I hve the bst brother in law derek and best Nephew wyatt miss you guys!
I'm not watching Tough Love: New Orleans. Totally not watching that at all.
RT : Don't worry about finding the right man- concentrate on becoming the right women.
bbyyyy i fuuckiing missing u wanna talk ?
Game over
Our shows are more fun with your friends. THX
When Weeks starts carrying his share maybe?
Dwight Howard is a coward!!! He know he said he wanted Stan Vangundy fired. He just ain't man enough to admit it!!
Im 22 years old and still laugh when parents discipline their kids... Like watching your friend get yelled at by their parents.
i havent gotten anything from u lately. U kno i hit u up recently m checked up on u but u wasnt really even sayin nun back
Mat Gamel hits doubles.
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: The Grey, Chronicle, and Albert Nobbs After a couple of pretty thin weeks on home video, we've got a good number of
Omggaahhh I miss those :( definitely don't get them here :((
ayy lamentablamente I'm on a diff. one, but I'll email you in case you feel like meeting up for a drink later tonight.
Why is it so windy ?!? I don't like this shit -.-.
Spartaque Thanks for the follow!
Really! I have been so proud of myself when I remember to click it off
Needs a mix
This has been a real good series, I thought LA would dominate, but it hasn't worked out that way
my dad: "pizzas from egypt!" lmao okay yeahh um it's from egypt.. lol
how? i say hi to u everday
"It's like the Bible, but better. They have no modern strategy around just, like, the bible."
"Dreams come from the heart. Through dreams your heart tells your mind what it wants, what you should be like"
RT : "We are considering creating a unit in Japan in order to repay the love that we received." - Leeteuk #LTQuote // SJ-J?
Thanks we're looking forward to partnering with you too!
OH MGY DOS
yup. he sure did.
My daughter told us she wants a puppy for christmas and she wants to name it butterballs.
Shed Blood Sweat & Tears An Keep Going
RT IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE 100,000 VIEWERS ON LIAM'S TWITCAM TODAY!!!..
Wait for a minute I thought someone was fearful of e-subscriptions but then I figured it out.
Brian "HEAD" Welch announced to be with Thousand Foot Krutch in Washington D.C. Spring Jam Fest. www.facebook.com/springjamfest!!! May 14th.
The only success worth one's powder was success in the line of one's idiosyncrasy . what was talent but the art of being complet
Much love to the city of New Orleans! We're all rooting for your comeback! But who dat beat dem Saints? Seahawks baby!
ShopBuddy will integrate w/ any shopping cart or web selling platform. Feel free to checkout our site or signup & try it FREE.
Did someone remix the ice cream truck songs in Baltimore? This one in Patterson Park got the handclap.
Erin martin from the voice. sexy hot hot hot
Agreed! And me too! RT : Stanley Tucci in Hunger Games is so fantastic I would like him to host Oscars in character.
As much as I don't like the sound. You can't ban the Vuvuzela.
that awkward moment when Dustin Penner explained that they were playing Phoenix ahahahahahahaha
Hiya Tom how's it going?
What's it called? I need to watch this.
A lot of questions and concerns this off-season for the #Yankees. Where do they go from here? What changes should be made?
definitely! And talk about the pains of being pure at art in a corporate world :)
Its an utter embarassment right now... Maybe they should lose out to get a chance to draft Andrew Luck... Suck For Luck! lol
Back to YOU! Thanks for the follow. Enjoy ur weekend.
ariana can you tweet me please! i loved the new episode!
I don't care I so what these bitches
oops I mean he don't look like nelly
this is my first year trying these. I am actually looking to do some winter biking but have to see what locals do
Realizing that you just accidentally creeped on someone...
Make huge effort to get vol discount rates from body shops and custrs still think dmg cost is 2 high.
If you don't know what God says about you, then who are you?
": Say "ADDICTED" after everything I say. Drugs..... Coffee...... Alcohol.....What hit u in the face last night…."
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 25
ah!!! 'Preciate that Rod!
Had so much fun- cant wait to do something similar soon!!!
how was the Superintendent's talk? Sorry we missed it!!
i wish we had more like that in south county...have u been to ?
no more spitting snow has turned to light snow in Santa Fe near Plaza
I think ima go roller skating.
Brand new book out NaLee check it out at NaLee2010.com pure fantasy to feed all your senses the beginning of a TRILOGY
I just love getting on the bus looking like a pilgrim/nun.. Choir competition <U+E00E> choir dress <U+E421>
Why does this cemetery have a plot for Italians?
"Life moves pretty fast. If you dnt stop to look around once a while you could miss it." -Ferris Bueller's Day Off(: <3
Thanks for the awesome post about the yearbook :)
FUCK YOU CBS! Quit giving me these garbage ass views! #
I love how Facebook shows when people comment on others Facebook post or pictures. Prove me wrong every time.
R.I.P. Baron Davis' knee
I just realized I can make 50 funny faces at my boss in less than 30 seconds while the elevator door closes. Anyway, got fired.
when are you gonna have a show in Indiana? :3
Also...really random but I went to Earlham College for a year and think I recognize you from there?
Peter M: “It's caviar for the rich and cake for the rest, wealth grows atop a fragile pyramid of inflated home prices, and consumer debt"
Oh dear Lord.My neighbor has been going nonstop w/ the weed eater for almost 30mins. The noise is killing me and keeping Molly from napping
so yall telling me if i make n sextape yall wouldn't talk to me smh ole well
thinking of VT
Ran One Mile / Walked .5 of a Mile --- staying on track.
RT : Tonight.... rehearsal at Miller Outdoor Theater for tomorrow night's FREE dance show (In the Mood to Dance! from......
yes, it is worth a retweet XD
hope you're praying hard...lol
I am humbled... cheers to you, dear man. :-)
's freak out haha. =P
Winterhawks take on Kamloops tonight in first game of 2nd Round of the playoffs - Let's Go Hawks!
. is pretty much the funniest girl on the planet. // The 72% off Crocs sale is still 28% too expensive for me to ever get a pair
Is it up? I don't see it
wait, where?
it's the heart that matters more!
MICHAEL JACKSON LIFE OF A ICON DOCUMENTARY IS A MUST SEE FOR THESE HOLIDAYS CHECK IT OUT
they LOVED it. especially Robert's costume. In fact, they were trying to guess what he would be dressed up as. Great show!
Wanting great performers to come to #Portland, OR #USA... When can you make it?
..meetings day...
need to start planning for my bday hm....
O.K. I screwed up. The radio interview is going to air on January 27th. I will send out more details when we get closer!
Holy crap! Silver Lake is hipster central! Never seen so many dirty looking disproportionate haircuts at once.
Ybarra is very emotional. She wipes away a tear after being asked a basic question by her lawyer.
air-kisses to Misha fo me!
Best memory from in 4th period he tells me well " The girl call me Addi Daddy " gtfo lol
Finally happened. Music from my Childhood on the classic rock station. So bittersweet
what's up!
I'm staying in San Isidro. Any reccomendations in that area?
My momma don't trust me so I don't trust her... She uses me but I don't use her. I still care, for now.
If police officers do not get the benefit of the doubt why would Zimmerman?
It's time we stop war and give love a try it may be easy to hate but its stronger to love
I would expect nothing less. Don't keep showing your hand tho, if you have a card you want to play, play it. I'm not bluffing.
With avoiding sugar 6 days a week and eating only “slow carbs,” this diet has been incredibly easy to stick to
Today will be a great day. Repeat.
i know!! that's amazing... will look for it , hopefully i find it here, Thanks girll!
Though the smell of the sea came with will and the sight of the sightful hero the little boy were. Though the great good in him had
I wanna be a movie marine..but not actual combat..something like battlefield la..that shit looks fun..hurah
#ShoutOut to Hope you all are able to enjoy your day to the fullest !
I'll always have that one place in my heart for you <3
wound by chanting "Let's go buffalo!" in the halls of HC. I kid you not, I was seconds away from punching one of those assholes.
In order for a partnership to work you don't have to like the same things, but you do have to hate the same things
Why aren't we talking about awesome, POSITIVE things about working with teens in libraries? Like that they're open to different genres?
I'm looking for new Twitter and YouTube loves...also people with awesome blogs/vlogs, so follow me and shoot me a tweet if that's you!!!
Awake? Hungry? Pizza Shuttle delivers till 4am tonight!
"You got some green construction paper? I need to make some frogs." You're supposed to bring your own paper for diecut. "Oh, I didn't know."
Good am! Giving drum lessons to a 67 y.o. and an 11 y.o. then headed to DC for my presentation.
Did you know: When you run an RSRA with Phase One Inc we will deduct the price of the report off of a Phase I for that property!
Thanks so much for coming into Chicago Apartment Finders this weekend! Did you hear about our $1,00 in free rent giveaway?
I think I have the workings of a cold.. No!!
Our goal is to reach 1000 fans by the Jingle Bell Run #jbr on December 10th! Help us spread the word!
In the studio in Nashville and I'm lovin it!!
3 mile brisk walk on this beautiful Tuesday ... oh yeah, feels so good!
#Tigers win! Come on Angels.
So, I was promised #margaritaville after the second encore..... Come on, audience, don't let me down.
West Virginia....showing the nation what we who live here already know.,. We not only compete...We Win!
<3 ~~> RT : It's official now. We have bagpipes.
Hey check us out :)
Just took a break to sing Father Abraham in class... :-)
Your NYC fans are thrilled to hear about your upcoming Broadway debut!
in honor of the weekend, which Founding Father had the best wig/hair?We've made a lot of Ben Franklin's, so we're biased- what do you think?
Good bye lil rock!
so when is your doctors appointment on june 1st? like early in the morning? i wanna go to the LIK show so bad lol
Hey! Where's Lemon Bar?
I'm enjoying my day off. Just bring a couch potato. Lol
I like boys who, like girls who, eat carrots. RT if you like them boys too!:D
Noushin THANKS for your message and all you do to help those in the cancer fight!! THX for referring anyone you treat who needs us :)
At least finally admitted the web site was down on the web site. 20 minutes of trying to order was painful.
Mustard is cute. But soy sauce has gorgeous skin.
its goes from 830 to 1230..byob..at the house of culture 71st and st lawrence..
#IfObamaWasARepublican he would be hailed as the GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER IN AMERICA afta saving #econmony, #autoindustry & KILLING
they all do that it sucks for the people trying to pass them
My coworker just told me we can sleep together as long as we don't have a baby. I'm glad to know he has boundaries.
eric clapton is a great antidote to a rainy Tuesday
Sometimes we must review the phenomenon and drill down through the facts, then we can interpret and move beyond the story we tell ourselves.
Step out of the house in my pj's to move the car for my parents, and run into half the neighborhood walking their dogs. Hi.. I'm back..
re: accessible twitter name change: "the app formerly known as accessible twitter"
Yes, yes it does. So much and rad T :]
RT #mlamobiletech really enjoyed webcast & tweets! lots of good takeaway info- gave me lots of ideas... cld b dangerous, bwhahaaa
OMG. Yes.
otr was born there, you know...
What a lovely #royalwedding, complete with stunning British choral music adding beauty and solemnity to the occasion.
The Rolling Stones’ 1969 bootleg version of “Carol”
add me on Facebook please
It was pretty tasty!! Had some hummus and pita chips on the side... tasty and healthy!
this is just a test.....
#RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, who died from Cancer this morning, aged just 47. His career spanned more than 3 decades.
We would be nothing without friends like you. Thank YOU! RT: Thank you for existing and also coming to Seattle every year!
LOGAN UGH
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the #present #moment. -
interesting we were just asking about offsets. It's certainly a tradeoff over helping in your own backyard
The Fall 2011 catalog just got dropped on my desk...Must. Stay. Focused. On. Work...
McVey: Want people to remember your message? Get it out multiple times, and get people to do something/be active.
RT : "Leaders begin with the end in mind" sign up for SLU Regional Atlanta if you haven't already! Only $149
It Don't Matter You Are Fine As Hell anyway Luv Your Work!!!!
you know them....
Come out tonight to
Can we have Yuni back? I'm not kidding.
They don't get up for my 8 months pregnant wife, so why should it be any different?
Wha... what.... I don't even. But should go for it
Hello to ,.Thanks for connecting with us. Have a fantastic Friday!
There is actually a difference between being tan, and looking like a burnt steak.
for sure :)
Retweet for chance to win Resurgence of Rock, critically acclaimed album of new classic hard rock by BlancaWhite.
So are we! RT: Thanks so much for a great lunch! Looking forward to working with you in the future!
Good. Because I've been gone to long.
W/#African problems still unsolved--confronted with recent coups in #Mali & #Guinea Bissau, and crop failure. Akin to #leadership failure
Mfs on twitter with the real fat head cough cough
well thanx but im about 2 start crying right now
LAST DAY OF NOVEMBER SPECIAL! $5 Soup and Sandwich Special! Get any sandwich and any cup of soup for $5! (Dine-in or Take-out only.)
The things your mom does while youre rehearsing haha :)
We can promise M.T. Anderson will be the closing keynote speaker at our virtual summit on ebooks but we can’t promise he’ll behave
SO wish I was at 5757 Wilshire right now!
Gearing up for the final day of #SWMadison and the presentation of our project,
RT : If children cannot learn the way we teach, we must teach the way children learn.
Ppl u gtg see #NEVERSAYNEVER3D!! IM GOING! I LOVE U JB!! !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
obviously trying to take attention away from that face
See you at #SWMadison tomorrow!
just starting the search. How best to translate building a company for value in corporate logistics?
thank god for autotune you sound great now hahahhaha
"#BeliebersAreAliensBecause" aw, thankyou haters for making a TT for us(': love you too babbiiiess<33
I wanna meet Justin Bieber.. (:
just you wait. Its time for the return of Rodney the destroyer.
Can anyone help me?! What is the password for the one direction pre sale???? I will love you FOREVER!!!!!
Just be thankful you keep ending up where Barton does.
I think o need a morning nap... Just about 30 mins...
visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com for all the best toys and games for children of every age. Check it out now!
Beyonce named People magazine's Most Beautiful Woman of 2012. Hard to argue with that. Thoughts?
hi and good morning
the first4 days of your mostarda seems similar to making candied fruits seen all over Italy's markets. Have a technique 4 that?
Agreed. RT : Well, it's safe to say that the B-Cycle demo/Q&A went above & beyond expectations. Mke deserves this system.
I am so sorry to see Peyton Manning leave I will truley miss him. I certainly hope Ursay Knows what he is doing. Colts Forever
Our habit here of prefacing highway numbers with definite articles (e.g., the 101) is often remarked upon.
your flowers are probably dead.
Via Tweetdeck FB RT: Why doesn't facebook have the ability to "retweet" status messages of others you'd like to share with your own network?
Happy 50th birthday !
I am great hru?
: ha yes I told him Regina lactated on the notes
I cant wait till your new album #believe comes out.(: I know its going to be amazing(: #muchlove .
my is great! How about you?! (:
i freaking love victoria justice. shes beautiful.
u c that rainbow from the bathtub lol
Secrets are actually the Truth, embedded by Fear, which is protected by Silence, and when infiltrated, ends up being defended by Lies.
Three winners left. More later ;-)
Greinke would be a potential fit for the #Indians or #Orioles. No financial risk past '12 and they have prospects the #Brewers would want.
I want to go to an art show or something to do with art :|
It is most definitely true "what goes around comes around" the energy you give out is the energy you will receive"......it never fails.....
Monkey rench! Haha Listing to that now
I wanna party and bullshit
I don’t even need your love
in class learning how to drill a needle into a patient's bone (with an actual power drill) to give meds...cool stuff!
i'm evil and i know it. ;)
Thanks for supporting at today & !
What you want is not what you need...
The St-Jameson as we call it. #TresDelicieux!
I now have to keep company. Thank heaven.
SO SO SO CLOSE BUT SO SO FAR AWAY
no problem :)
I'm starting to worry about you. Please don't let what's happening become material for a Hallmark channel primetime movie.
you have amazing haiiirrrr.
ELIJAH MERCER RUNS AU.
Mom told me to go look for clothes and i did:D probably too much if you ask her
RT Via- Happy Saturday
yaaay, my boyfriend got me my new glasses
G. Roger Denson: When Walls Come Falling Down: Left Political Art Timeline, 1989-2000
#Browns receivers are in position to make the play this week against a great defense, its an improvement, Little will make that play in time
Lest we forget the true purpose of higher education.
i was telling him how big of an ass he was and HAPPY BIRTHDAY AGAIN ;D
ha! You beat me to it. I appreciate the exact same sarcasm however.
Tech Week begins right about...now, let the cranky-ness begin.
Wow! That's a long night! Definitively time to relax and rest :) RT alright im bout to hit this tampico then KO
get your twitter game up.lol
Today is Stamp Out Hunger! Don't forget to leave food for the postal workers to pick up!
got to get me a sport coat like that.
The Boss is in the building...lol...Diamonds
is on stage now and they are awesome! If you missed them this time, don't make that mistake again!!!
That is FREE BEER to the first 75 people to RSVP. 1 hour of drinking Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Sign up now. . .
Yeah I played...went out with two pair o a 4runner flush. Ill sign up for Blackbelt today...do I get a sign up bonus?
Tired of living, living, living, by this double standard. Standard. Standard.
Friend request ,e on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
And you're right, progress is a struggle. There is a class struggle, and the bourgeoisie will not give up their power voluntarily.
Push to exclude blacks from tribal citizenship in many Indian nation has been continuous to this day
Alright, I'm teetering toward the wine.
The jury took 12 minutes to put #MarissaAlexander away for 20 years. 12 minutes. WOW.
Anyone else notice that the Tea Party is corporate welfare disguised as patriotism and fueled by a smidgeon of racism?
You and her aren't even gonna last.
- & im melting in your eyes like my first time. <3
On my level
have u heard? is starting non-stop flights to Seattle from KCI as of 3/12. Woohoo!
; Kristen stop being gay && do something useful. Like cut flippin paper.
It completely helps u understand a co's unique fan interaction w/pg #FB bought it & it was created by Marketers needing ROI
so you can shoutout new followers but can't hit back friends though? I feel it... -_-
Just remember I'll be there
hard to believe that
Hey hey! Where you showing stuff now 619 is down?!?
Beadhead! wrap sections of lightly moussed dry hair around a curlin iron.Next a.m, dont wash! Spritz w a leavein conditioner, scrunch n go!
Don't know what's going to happen in this game, but Pats' def know how STL felt 10 years ago.
finally everything is coming together.. EDC in less than 24 hours! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
RT Machine Learning with Large Networks of People and Places (by )
Our research indicates strong support for Individualized Learning Plans from parents, teachers, and students.
It just hit me how saddened I am by the end of the space shuttle program. /pours out a 40 of Tang for the Orbiters and their teams
Warm and comfy coats at #macys.. tis the season to bundle up! Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday shopping!
#shehechat Topic 5: If you had to choose, would you prefer to write or edit? Write. But editing is fun too.
Just read-A Portuguese bank has an interest rate deal by letting clients bet on the outcome of the U.S. presidential election.
what is his last name? maybe I knew him :p
YUCK! Smells like animal dookie in the office but most likey, it's someones lunch
Thanks for the follow! Hope you can share my tweets and great news on being apart of the Academy Awards this year! #Thevallie ;)
:-/ just be careful not to let your tum shrink. Won't get too far on the fabulous "stuff fest". Have fun! :D
"You said I gave you butterflies then you flew out of my life."
My oldest, when 6, loved a dinosaur DVD, and would do <impressions>, asking, "Who am I?" He'd wait, then say, "Velociraptor!"
I'll be sure and show you when it's done. It was interesting being filmed. I kept wishing I could see what the camera saw. :P
Mini-decisions lead to maxi-decisions—both positive and negative. What one small positive decision can you make today?
soy de la cd de Méx. !
I miss Ally and AJ..... Wah
okay, thought it was something graphic. Haha, thanks for sharing. I hope the pain goes away soon, long car rides suck!
I'll get like 3 so hold em till I get to that side nikkkkkka
RT "The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before." Good Will Hunting
#WFUD12 Casey Smith: Something "bizarre and pernicious and weird" about owning language.
Wondering how my douchebag cousin gets anywhere w/ girls
#ThatOnePersonWho you can tell everything to.
Who's your favorite PRO?
You're all a bunch of dildos
In order to easily identify what code is running, created a system to autotag each Tixato deployment with an "adjective + noun" ID.
I've always thought Arrieta had the best stuff of the #Orioles' young guns. Still waiting for him to take that next step forward.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when boys act like a different person w / their friends .
nice! I was hoping it was one of those ball things that they hold.
haha holy dang! i'm good! lol you better be going to a ball game then with all those days off!
Is that a little wax and a buff? ": 75 min to live. It's getting exciting .just finished makeup off to hair"
Thank you!
Samsung Galaxy product endorsers by Japacurry - I'm not interested. Stop asking me to try your phone
Represent! :-) Is your photo from paper camera? I like it!
Coming to America is the funniest movie of all time
Optimize your web presence! Call Nivula Innovative Designs at (866) 536-9257 to see your new site Today!
Y didn't I think of this while in HS? “: Is your mom a lunatic who won't let you date dudes until college? Become a lesbian!
yes omg this better happen and Gigi did you hear about what jasmine and I are going to do on the 15th?
that's what I was thinkin , I have to being them in for my English class too
looks fun! I will investigate the other bands.
Badger hoops time. Who will step up?
follow back please(:
boys come and go but my girls are forever
No power, no internet, no cell coverage = Modern day Gilligan's Island? #hurricane #irene cc
Why is this night different from all other nights for Mets fans? 4-0!
I freaking love Australian TV lol
I'M SO TIRED
Thanks for the follow. Keep me informed of your project. All the way.
Mrs Nerd just screamed out that exact thing.
You think your cute? Cause your not. Your just another biotchh that got her legs open.
Lmfao now I'm wearing tons of makeup like every other day
I need to get a Dr. to look at my sore instep before I can run again. Any Chicago recommendations? thanks
thanks for touching base! Hello and happy holidays to you. All is well here. Hope your 2011 is wonderful!!
wow!!! Thought we were keeping that in the past!!! Lmao!
I can't stop laughing as I read the tweets of people who raged for 's birthday schnelle. Goodluck cleaning (jk).
I didn't think you were gonna do it till you were hanging out the window! Hahaha your my hero
I could really go for some soup from paneraaaaaa
Does anyone #edit / #proofread anymore? Appalled at the number of typos I've found in a book I just started reading 20 min. ago... :(
Watching Step Up ( : love this movie!
all u SF assholes buying SFxTekken i won't even look at the game until i pick up your controller and beat da shit out chu wit Law
I bought a hippie dress
WRITE ME A STORY ON QUIZILLA
Hope all the winners and all my lovley Followers have a great Holiday xoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxo
ill dm it to you now
Come visit King Tut this weekend! Time is running out to see this amazing exhibition at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis.
What a pointless speech......
We ARE open on Saturdays from 10-2. Call for an appointment or stop by if you're in the area.
Shouldn't have said dudes name...
#IReallyHope follows me :) They are amazing!
Today I ran out of clean shirts at Josh's, so I'm wearing a pullover hoody sweatshirt. Thank god it's casual Friday.
Live life to the fullest...im so happy about what life has given me! I love my baby and my opportunities
Hey! Ping me if you're ever in NY or Austin. I'm buying. : )
Into racing? Hit me up
Long day of WCing. Time to hit the gym!
thx for sharing your goal setting tactics Gamification of the world is everywhere. Keep an eye on #TEDxEmory w/ follow up footage
Alright, the last session of the day is over. We're headed downstairs for the closing remarks in about 15 minutes. Now it's time fo…
wow, a lot of people i love were born today!
Into the studio today to record our first album. Could not be MORE. EXCITED.
your faces? Did you mean faves? Are we your favorites?? ;)
I like D Will 2nd and Rondo 3rd. The only reason Nash isn't in there is because of his defense.
Just babysat 5 kids under the Age of 8, and got paid $30 (:
Twenty seven years of life means I've accumulated twenty seven years of STUFF.
Quick tip: if it's not leopard print, it's not you. Just sayin'.
that was fast! Cabin In The Woods indeed!
I want 2 say this why is fathers day so boring it seems like it is not a important day Why is that?
RT : No argument here, sooner the better. RT : Both say it's time to get out of Afghanistan with a plan in place.
its going great!
so say we all
in order is like ray Roc prince and prod ....
Dumb phone trippin'
thanks for keeping us fans updated via is def lacking today in that department!!!!
Had a great weekend ! Can't wait to finish this Interactive strong! What events are people attending today? Lets meet up!
To any and all haters: ( ) that game was given not taken.
Can't wait the see our home town LA Galaxy in the MLS Cup this Sunday!
I stay dreming and one day Ill touch them.
my wonderful, amazing boyfriend just bought me half of a laptop for my birthday :) woohoo! he rocks!
Wow I can't type. Urban Outfitters has a 5 dollar sale going on for their website only. Fucking bomb !
Dj Spin is at SCOUT BAR with 98.5's DJ Mark3 in the mix!
There are too many voices outside my room.
Afterall, favorite professors don't grow on trees you know. Or maybe they do, I don't know.
Cavalcade of the last celebrations and the music.
I know a couple other guys on our team with
So sick of baby food!!! I've never wanted a salad so bad in my life!
I'm thankful all the NEWZ sites are reporting JoMo to TNA... Weeks AFTER we did
I would like to see a browser that can be expanded/contracted from all four corners
Obsessed with the work!! Even bought notecards by ya guys before I knew who ya were! Need to be more like you. Hire/teach me!?
To hot , I cant sleep man
Waiting for 2012 (hopefully)
Good news!
saw this on the news last night!!!?
I finally had some, it was quite as delicious as I hoped!
That's NOT what makes you a billionaire. It's the freedom after you've become that to be comfortable.
Is it me...or is the voting percentages going down?
Boy, it's a good thing no GOP talking head has EVER said anything REMOTELY nasty about Michelle Obama on TV. That would be awk-ward.
not your best work.
Gastric Bypass can ruin a life or kill you. They forget to tell you that. It makes me wonder if this isn't overused.
Have a safe and happy weekend everyone!
great talking with you tonight!
Also...Bryson will def be starting early on being a RAGE fan too!! ;o)
Oh, cool. Please keep me informed!
Are there any tools/ queries that allow you to search for sites based on PR? / Anything that filters results by PR? Uber wishful thinking?
Losses like yesterday is why god invented ice cream.
Yes,Mr. Thunder has been a Grammy member of the P&E Wing since 2008.It is comprised of only about 5,500 producers,engineers,remixers etc.
I better start only getting emails from Notre Dame asking for me to donate to the Arts. Cause clearly this sports thing isn't working out.
I liked it at first until I noticed it marked something as read before I even started the first paragraph.
I'm in town, but it's crazy. Maybe next week.
Major kudos to Brady Hoke being named Big Ten Coach of the year for - well deserved. Go Blue!
burned 300 calories doing 35 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
serious typo!
Home is where you unexpectedly run into old friends /cc am still smiling!
So #hype for IU vs. UK on Friday night!
Thanks everyone!
I've always either gotten them from ECC or Dumb Friends League or they've wandered into my house.
Maybe for once can plans not change on me? Sigh..
My g-chat statuses this week are in tamil. And, that language is totally whack, just sayin'
Awesome mock up bro. Creative idea and great placement. Thanks.
homework almost done - 35 min til debate time!! woo-hoo!!
Cuse escapes. Phew
Ginger cucumber limeade from That is all.
Wow. After watching #Biutiful last night, I could only crawl into bed, hug my son tight, and just thank goodness it was just a movie.
That moment when your body is too exhausted to get up, and your belly is telling you to go make some damn food.
If them niggas keep tripping they can share an ambulance <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5>
Oops, I emailed you but looks like we already have something booked. :/ Sorry about that!
Cool! That's good..you should be proud of it..nothing boring about your choices. That's awesome! :)
I am going to be in San Francisco from May 2-15. We gotta do some stuffs.
Yes it was one of the better Thursdays here is NC
Apparently squirrels in my yard aren't that smart.
Everything~! Been busy with the Boy,Dr's.,School,Art Show,Play,PTA,Photography and friends ans family~! Love it all<3
Peds win first Softball game play another Lembi park in Roseville
Thanks for recommending us-- very kind of you!
I honestly don't care to see you today.
Failures not an option
I need a serious sling shot or a bb gun for sure.
with #writtenembattles ? And they still suck. S/O & both came ready to ripshit
it's no prob :) love the cuffs.. can't spend the $ now but I can help share on both accounts :)
Money can't buy friends, but it can get you a better class of enemy.
thanks! I seem to have a different illness every other day. I long for the days when I was just a hypochondriac!
William Pickens~ Living together is an art.
almost ova
I just made some with organic beans! Ooh umm good!
I wonder if ive met the person im going to end up marrying.
treadmill + workout music + weights + ab roller = great indoor #workout today!
Is looking for a stage with a curtain, four puppets, and a butcher's apron to borrow next Saturday.
Yeah, me.
Gone b bad bitches at that #CRAZYASSPARTY including Me Hahaha!! Ya boii
I love you alot...
Elected as VP of the Sports Business Association at ASU #bigmoves coming
Please follow me?(;
There are only two reasons to teach. When admin micro-manages, there is only one reason.
I was going to play basketball but then the gym is closed for reservation.
Although MSU began the season unranked, the Spartans are now #1 seed in NCAA Tournament after winning the Big 10 Tourney today. Congrats!!
Good night
Blog updates will now post as facebook notes as well - but for the embedded videos we like to show off, visit the blog proper.
That time when nothing goes right, well for me it's been going on for a while yet I slap on a smiling face and deal with it
#YPO Heading out to speak on Facebook ads at ad:tech SFO next week. Anyone want to meetup?
Good morning everyone! B)
I won give me my money. You what? I lost ctfu
C'mon world. We all know what time it is with Kansas. I, for one, been supporting Kentucky since the 90's.
“: #TheBestThing when you can be in a relationship with no drama..” wish that was reaaalllll
did you take some heroin ?
is my best friend in the world! She has been with me tru thick and thin..when she try's to make me feel better she makes me....
I'm reading through a Google doc they ended up with, and then I'll be blogging. I'll let you know.
i hatee when ppl get madd for no reasonn... :/
Just keep on bouncing!
When I'm good I'm really, really good but when I'm bad, I'm even better ~ Mae West. Have a great weekend! #HaveFunBeBad!
Love it! We'd support you.
will do .! all has ben followed
You ugly ....you coming toBw3 tomorrow right??
jboogiejustin shared an Instagram photo with you
Can't wait to rock that shit on Thursday night!
hey <U+270B> chill Lebron is that nigga
It's beautiful here!
good morning
love ya <3333
I try so hard to make them happy but they only see the bad thing about me!!!
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me :)
Follow me please? :)
I propose SAGTRA. It sounds uber macho...like a character on Transformers or something.
I can do that cuddle buddy :)
"Use your "real-eyes," to "realize" the "real-lies."
Thanks so much for the kind words, Enon!
Christoph Meister is adding a point about the 'historicity' of humanities data
From the age of thirty,
I thought about it, but I figure if we ever wanted to sell (not an antique dealer) it might kill the value.
needs to punish Montreal tonight. Be nice to Davy, but punish them with goals tonight. 4-0 is doable.
Made it home from long day.. saw Rise of the Apes, good movie, went to rehearsal and now prep for a meeting I have tomorrow w/ web developer
RT : The key to getting what u want out of the coming years lies in a commitment to #TakeBackYourLife" -...
#AutowayToyota REALLY needs a social media presence.How else will people know the great experience awaiting them?
finally done with my sociology 120 research paper!!!!!!!!!!
Just when I think I could be really right it also occurs to me I could be wrong.
I need to run back to chipotle....$2.95 for guacamole and chips. i Hope that there is not too many calories in that little portion
Woo hoo! Joshua McKinley is our hometown fan fave!
“: what was the regular season record?” 8-8
We have a Guitar playing contest at Hard Rock Cafe (Platinum Sponsor) & would like to incorporate your business. Mike Ladd
I don't think you want mine either haha
Lets get #thankyoumrpresident trending.
Waiting for them to call my flight so can pass out on the plane.
always believe in BC! :) see you at Apple Cup?!?!?
Punxsutawny Phil saw Mike Scott's shadow.
for the picture compliment, pool shark. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Thanks for the cool cards! Wish I had gotten more cards at #blogher11 since I've used the blank ones already!
Not sure, yet. There's someone interested. Just trying to get the estate worked out.
$100 goes a long way... except at the strip club. The #WorkplacePayoff $100 ca$h EVERY HOUR 9a-5p. Win your share starting now.
“: it means shoutout for shout out LMAO” LMFAO I KNEW IT!
First, know that yoga is for everyone. It doesn't require u 2 have any particular body type, flexibility /peace of mind. There is no rush.
Lincoln/Vampire, yes I know. But if there's a Downton Abbey/Breaking Bad mashup happening, well, that would be news indeed.
actually neither of us get anything anymore lol that'll change this weekend when I go back to Temple
LOL. Well, there's my favorite bad boy.. :)
Shouts to my boy
Anyone know weight in grams for a cup of blanched almond flour? Thanks!
also I despise the new anti-smoking ads with the lady with the hole in her neck. Creeps me out!
yay!!! :) that's SO awesome to hear!
thanks for the clarification!
thank god!(:
tell my brother to close his mouth he looks like a goof in that pick
Can't come to Iron Lady tonight at the FFL? We are playing it again on Friday the 11th at 2PM!
When I see as one of the "similar to you" users, I realize that I've succeeded in life.
MORNING!! a little hyped up on this coffee i'm rockin....and now my brain is workin! =D
Shit, when I tell my parents I'm pregnant by a black guy, mom will kick me out, dad will find the guy, torture him, & then kill him. Lol
LIFE REALLY SUCKS TODAY
Excellent! If anybody else wants to get some drinks, let's meet up after the petting zoo.
u asked if they even teach kids to read anymore when you were talking about high schools making exceptions for athletes
can I call you my baby? if you ask me - I'm ready
Chest and Head is Hurting like hell
Awww! Thanks! :D
D: Leave Des alone! I loves his tweets. :)
I second that! RT : Think I'm gonna put an exhust system in the garage, so I can cook BBQ all winter long..
ABC's of Portland Spirit:X is for xenodochial, kind to strangers;hospitality. From Captain's greeting to an opening number, we welcome you!
No, kid, I'm not Ms.Fukushima but that's ok. Also, I'm not Ms. Pi.
Bill O'Reilly doesn't want to spend his "hard-earned" money for Sandra Fluke to have sex. Bill, you don't have any hard-earned money.
I think the crowds aren't that similar more an issue that ICCM is back in the US this year
Say whaaaaa? Tell me more (when you can)!
What are those things? My son has found a few.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
I try to post a couple things to Pinterest a day just to keep it fresh. Links back to our other pages helps build connection.
that was a good night from what I can remember LOL love youu! Play again soon?! :)
Fun day with my friends ^^
Nihilism ~ Seeking answers without the use of belief.
Want to annoy folks? Speak all of your sentences in the haiku form.
so is it official in Aussie time yet?
REALLY looking forward to coming home!
Sending Cali some luv Fam Fam! Wake Up Wake Up Wake Up! #today is that day.
yea, I don't think I want to expose him to that embarrassment lol
Chilly Day and Chillin IN with the Fam... Hope You're stayin warm! #feelthelove fr #GA ~
i have no idea :) OH: it has a retro modern ikea feel.
Lmao! What do you want for your birthday sweetie? FARMVILLE!!!!
but Jay was one of the group of "comic book weirdos" with me. Talented guy even back then
$50! When you go, I wanna go to ask her about mine! Just to see if it's healing right lol
This Chris Paul/Steve Nash match up is looking good.. I still can believe the Clippers are even in the playoffs
Expunging rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Building a bridge to span our faux river at the prayer garden in the morning. Anybody want to come over and help?
We need to hangout soon!
3 Days Later & Now 4,892 people will contribute towards My Dreams & Goals! Thank You All!! Yes 72hrs later & 800 more people have joined!!
You know we getting hotter and hotter! Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down!
hope tomorrow gets better
haha hold up
. Q2: What else are career colleges doing to enhance the student experience?
No worries, hope all is well!
HEY BEAUTIFUL
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.-- Oscar Wilde
Hey there! I mustache you a question; but ill shave it for later ;)
TGIF my goal for the weekend is nothing but #PS3 and tv!
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. ~Jamie Paolinetti
I will say I hope focusing on streaming means they'll update the nonexistent instant queue management.
Oh yea it is
You often sense when the best mgt solution is to knock down some walls. But sensing is not the same as admitting nor does admitting = doing.
Beth Ann frazho? Sister of John, glen, Gary, Dennis, and Kurt???? Wow that is a mouth full!! If yes, please contact me via twitter
closed Pandora by accident and it picked up exactly where i left off, now that is awesome!
Who knew that raisinets and pinot were so good? Thank you Steve and thank you Halloween!
And then studying ways to harness the power of Genograms to help our #brains be more
that awkward moment when you buy a bag of air and there's chips inside...
omg... Yeah buddy!
Thank you, much success!
Please let me know of any modeling and acting auditions. I love to model and act. They are a passion of mine. GOD bless you all.
Perfect pass to him, gutterball to the chief
Love is a conflict between reflexes and reflections.
I'm gonna miss this. What a freaking cool thing. #ompf A thousand thanks to for letting me be part of it!
me and my kids laughed so hard! Thanks!
your voice gives me the chills! LOVE the cover of Payphone.
Kodak no longer making cameras? My Kodak takes much better pics than my iPhone. Phones can't substitute for a good camera.
Drinks are necessary tonight.
that seemed pretty amusing from my vantage point at Olive 8.
Now learning about Princeton Prosody Project.
If the #Brewers were to fall out the #Mets could be in pos. to take Greinke. Greinke for Harvey and Flores?
take, Dong Zhuo, Yuan Shao, Liu Bei (however I like his current version better), Sun Jian & Sun Quan for example,all similar but
Safe Travels! Say hello to my beautiful city. Can't wait for quality time with the boys...
I know I'm late but I had no idea that Dick Clark died
Is that a request for a Harley Ride?
53 degrees in January?
I book talked all your YA novels so they were checked out of my library. Way to make job both easy and hard
Did not need #FSU to bow out this early, they were one of my #FinalFour picks.
You should send it to bed without supper, naughty iPad
I don't eat meat, so when I stroll into Carls Jr I decided to order a large fries. Anybody have any better ideas?
In NYC# Celebratory beauty & darkness.
Just united with other businesses to form Iridium Skye. Keep an eye out 4 us in event service market!
a true OG then huh? Just a piece of advice, anyone invites u to a restaurant named the Palace ChopHouse, stay the hell away
I'm growing a little to fast for them .
"Who is watching The Watchmen?" Nerds.
Verb need another case same as the last.
The two most popular #athletes in all of sports are now both in the same city. Hang on New York, this is going to be fun!
Having family on facebook or twitter is pointless. Its like saying "Hey! heres another thing about me to complain about!"
I'M GONNA BE IN YOUR AREA VERY SOON. JUST WANTED TO WARN YA. HOPE ALL IS GOOD WITH YA.
One of the Bad Chapters members owns 3 Gibson guitars
Oh God lol
This is exactly why I had to ask. I kept thinking of it as an anonymity device, which was obviously the wrong angle.
hey I'm in Starbucks if you guys are around
Giants Came to Play!!! Great half!!
The LA Dodgers have the best uniforms in baseball, in my humble opinion.
LET'S GOO ! I CAN TASTE THAT RING, CHARLIE SHEEN A BULLS FAN HA'
"Nigga they made them gats. They got some shit that'll blow out our backs ..... from where they stay at."
nope. hope you are well and hopefully Katie is feeling better:)
LMAO, You STILL owe me some Starkaburs though or how ever you be saying it.. Lol smh
Paid all my library Holds fees and got a 29.5” receipt. Dear ILS... maybe a paperless option in the future?
Finally some summer in the MN forecast! RT Sunny, breezy & warm high 85 via Jon Yuhas
I have the best hubby who supports my running and spending money on running in hopes that my running will get better :)
My birthday is next week. Asking Alexandria concert tomorrow.
LAPD checkpoint on Manchester avenue. Between Figueroa and Hoover. Stay thirsty my friends! Lol oh and Go Lakers!!! :D
I wonder if Jaclyn is inviting The God Warrior to the Solstice Party..
looks like I won't be able to go trader joe-ing tomorrow...so sorry but duty calls :-( foodbiz+holidays=dull girl
just saw it. Let's both look for someone. So excited to shoot with you, too!
holy crap, it's 6 PM & I just finished dinner. Feels like 9:30.
idk about that one. I mean all barber had to do was stay in bounds then not fumble. He did both
Having an AMAZING day on set!
The Capers connection could be key (assuming Im right that he coached him at HOU) RT : That name is getting more and more play.
i go dress up like Michael Myers (fromm the halloween movies) and scare kids *laughs* at my church
The psychic said to give him a chance--IF he called. I guess she knew that he never would.
hahaha cheeseburgers. I love you.
Thanks for the follow, you're doing great things in the comedy and video space!
Oddly enough, I've been using twitter less, but G+ hasn't affected my fb habits.
Thanks for sharing! The words resonated w/ me too. :) Have a great day!
God, what u working on? I’m not sure. Lazy eye, obese, brown hair/red beard, small manhood, low IQ, muscular dystrophy, I dub thy Ernie.
The great thing about teaching is that you always get a second chance to do it better.
I really have a problem cause i know i want to take a tinkle but i decide to wait it out for hella. I really need to stop but I CANT! lol.
I hate when people try to blame others for there fucking problems .
Im a loafers kinda guy.
Also, <insert GM name here>: Manny Ramirez bad fit <insert team here>. RT Theo Epstein: Manny Ramirez bad fit Chicago Cubs
Finally Friday, what a long week.
I luv Peace.Love.Shop!
Doesn't that make you want to cut loose with a marker?
Awesome...good luck on your solo piano album!
Is it wrong to use too many exclamation points on twitter or fb?! I think I use too many.
that will be very nice Kat, no worries for you!
how cool!
I feel like, iv been overthinking things lately
A couple dozen d-men are cheaper AND better than Martin, pathetic..
anything is better than writing this speech right now..
which is used to create the actual key. Most key codes are blind codes,
Ok Friday, please be kind. And very productive.
How cool would it be to help your staff with your own "Biggest Loser" competition? We can help!!!
Yeah, me too!
We're looking forward to seeing you guys at #DevNexus next week.
you'll love it just as much as i do!
Over praising Christ with young folks cheah!!!!! Loving it!!!!
haha just woke up for school xD
nope chicken soup
White people are afraid of Black people...Black people are afraid of crazy White people.
Aunt: "We're having Easter dinner on Rob's birthday, but he won't be there," Grandma: "We can Skype him." The times, they are a-changing.
Got hella faded last night! Filiberto's here come b dogg
Everyone go follow SOME OF THE BOYS FOLLOW HER SHE WILL DM!! FOLLOWWW NOW
Wasting my time..
#Upset city
I don't know. Can you do me a huge favor
OMG , Time flies when you're having fun ....the weekend just ended !!!
My ass was loosing the ball earlier lol
My timeline is booming. What's good chuck. I listened to that song like 10 times lol
": Somebody's always gonna try to break you down! You just gotta ignore it & say fuck 'em."
of course! :) anytime!! thank YOU!
Its a celebration bitches!
Who is coming out this weekend to dance & sing with Lost in Paris?
RT "We cannot afford $1 trillion worth of tax cuts for every millionaire and billionaire” POTUS
Having info session&bake sale at Kiosk B in JC at 4pm today! Please stop by and ask us about TABLE FOR TWO!
I can't wait to connect with everyone on Twitter!
maybe he can replace Chapelle Waffles! “: Over 2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like waffles.”
WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER - and with win became only 4th driver in NASCAR history to do what?
This plan seems MUCH better!
You telling me I can't, just motivates me more to do it. just so ya know, I'll be proving you wrong. :)
I should be sleeping, but I can't sleep.
#ThingsICantStand when people act like everything is a joke !
same... do you dare me to comment saying "ho0ldd MAAHh wEAVEE!" ? \
Outdoor living sales pick up for businesses in Myrtle Beach area
How do you wake up Lady GaGa? Poke her face.
doesn't do it as much for me but still same gut reaction: this shit is crazy.
The jury duty lunch DVD is Rockin!
Tonight tonight tonight free drinks ladies only spot
Yes-I judge books on looks esp when browsing. Title/jacket art/font=incredibly important to book's appeal.
RT : Win or lose im proud of my magic!
dis girl at our school look very cute online, but wen reality hit in school she look like a fuckin foot
Glad to hear it was fun in person! It certainly looked fun from afar...
Success and Great Sex
Is this what February weather is supposed to be like in PGH? I've never experienced it, but I was thinking it was a bit too warm recently!
I'm more of a thinker than a talker
what happened?
it was some peggie
: What's a good #Easter #recipe that involves a slow cooker, #chicken and chicken broth/cream of chicken? Trying to plan ahead...
Popeye Jones > June Jones
"after a dark night there will always come a brighter tomorrow"
#waystopissoffafatperson: Put thumbtacks in his Twinkies!!! Mua ha ha ha!!
Well after all that anticipation. I am going to go and get some goodies for a personal celebration. Congrats SAG-AFTRA.
HA! Love it.
hey lady where in the heck u been. Just saw Noel last week
Have I mentioned Cheesesteaks yet?
Convinced they made The Rock grow a goatee so people could tell difference between him and Vin Diesel
I'm sad that I have a meeting and can't be there with you too!
you playing ball with hindle?
Finally, a good Washington team.
Got my keys!!
yeah, sorry for that
If you are going to Milwaukee Film Fest tonight I'll be at the Oriental. Not sure what films I'll be at for sure but if you see me say hi!
A little too cocky
God give me the strength I need to make it through this day give me the strength to ignore stupidity in Jesus name amen
Hey, I kinda dig being a Twitter tomboy. (Any excuse to alliterate.)
I tell that to my dog when he pees on a fire hydrant, too. Seriously, dog, that's *been done*.
I hate meatloaf with a passion.
Power came back on at 3am last night, go to sleep, wake up and BOOM power is out in my building AGAIN! #bostonapocalypsePart2!
RT : Blessings Don't Come Just In Money But In Health, Mental & Physical Forms, But The BEST Are Spiritual Blessing
That episode was a mess LOL
Just brought my 12 yr old chic fil a for her bday lunch n a bunch of fries for her friends. lunch with middle schoolers, now I need a nap
I love listening to AJ He has a great morning show
Gonna have some gyros, baklava, and other fun greek foods at #panegyri in 1 hour.Oh,will meet up with friends but more importantly the food!
I can't buy underwear, balls are to big.
Slowly realizing u cant rely on ppl all the time
i wish could get over 1000 followers!
Damn it Jesse what did I tell you about making me smile!?<3
See you there... Thanks! RT break a leg on Glass Circle,ifim not filming Bush vs the people ill be there
what?! That statistic is outrageous.
takin my lil sister outside because my brorher is to lazy 2 do it.
Wishing everyone safe travels this Thanksgiving holiday!
If it takes you an hour to ask if I want to chill ... You're not worth my time. Ugh youngins!
Working tonight at 5. Someone come see me :) and then to Racia's I shall go!
GREAT song!
What's good this weekend y'all? I am bored as hell.
had a great weekend! a lil overwhelmed with decisions, but excited/ anxious @ the same time !!!!
:O and why u so depressed? :/
I've never had a student or parent thank me for how well I prepared them for standardized testing.
Thanks for the mention!! How was your experience last night?
Big concert announcement at 5:03 on Did i mention free tickets before you can buy em!!
Sorry to hear that. Hope it gets better!
Super Senior!!!! 3x World Champion has a nice ring to it, dont cha think? :)
Yellow Pine St LBC It's a Grind alum.. Micah herein ;]]
Hey Loyola the lights out at Hollywood, so traffic on Sheridan is a bitch. Moral of the story if you have final downtown take the El.
Will be nice to see 's skeletons properly vetted rather than ignored by FL GOP, plenty there, & Dems will remind & amplify
im actually feeling tired now so I might actually sleep
Writing. Under the dryer. At the hair salon! What are YOU doing?
Great night! Yankees win, DRob gets the save and Josh Hamilton has a kick ass night for my fantasy team ;)
Legrand | Ortronics Introduces Clarity(R) High Density Copper Solutions
Hump-Day Hipster BINGO starts in 5 hours...Are you ready?
What kinda friends were y'all ...
Had a great time at dinner with Too bad she can't go to hilton head.
yes! can't wait. lets lock in a place/time in the morning :)
why hello... I'll be your huckleberry.
"my utmost for his highest" >>
'BIEBS MEET LISA'
Google home page back to normal. Must be International White Man Day again.
I say enjoy the beautiful outdoors while the temps are still nice. Hit the museum in July when it's too hot outside. ;)
about 26 seconds?
I could see you as agent hill for Halloween. You just need a nick fury and agent coulson to hang out with :)
Greg Oden is just too big. Injuries were his ONLY problem. Youre clearly a douche bag huh?
TONIGHT - Code Red Friday Night & HEAVY GRAVITY & Special Guest DJs Sin Seven, Lank, Turtlefeet & Electronic Chronic & Lotus Resident DJ XES
How are you Nel? Thanks for the follow.
Sometimes the best cure for the way you're feeling is a good, solid
whats up with this" Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Try logging out and in again.
Thanks for entering the Coathangers ticket give away. Don't miss them at the Comet Tavern tonight.
You don't have to agree with Bo, but you're arguing the wrong thing. Why does it matter whether it it's in or out of state??
as long as you are watching this season, all is good. Lots of nutty women this time around. :-)
Take it you're a huge fan...?
Shout to big Bruh Beat Go's Hard G!! #NiggasFromDaCrib!!
Haha sounds good. :)
sick on the nicest day this year so far. this sucks!
you have such faith in his awareness of the game industry he supposedly works in!
A brutal traffic jam on the way home punctuated the mehness of the experience.
Yes the Boyz come to New York but they actually don't really have shows no more here.They mostly go to open classes and auditions so yah
Thank you for being there for me especially when I need it most. Your such a great friend! xoxo
come visit me.
I hate all the cunts at my school, tbh.
go w/ what works when it comes to #fashion. I know would agree although his wardrobe is more diverse than mine.
time to start getting shit done
My life be like...
I can't wait till break only 4 more days to go!! :D
Only from the interwebz Bob... and we work for the same company. Small world, eh?
This pussy clean this pussy squeeky. That pussy old. That pussy creeky
I even took off my shoes for that!!! -David Eisler lol
#MyBiggestFlaw...I tend 2 over analyze & think way 2 much!
really? How tall are you? Well i also have 2 tats. After i turned 18. I got my nose done @ the age of 17. No more piercings
Happy 16th Birthday to my baby girl.
Waiting for a taxi
Acupuncture on NBA All-Stars and their families for Lounge at the Ritz Residences Downtown LA, Fri & Sat!
“: ((Ronnie)) your mom knows you love her. ...sad when you have visit UR Mom in a place with all strangers that are
well if you weren't going to vote for ersan no one was going to ..
can you explain more? how does navel gazing relate?
Give thanks for the things you do have.
Heartstrong fire contained says the Sheriff. Hotspots expected to burn next few days. 24,000 acres burned.
Happy + Hour = Sunshine x Fun & Stuff!
I am 99% sure I could eat roast beef every day and NEVER get tired of it. Especially if I had homemade mayo to go with!
Preds getting killed on face offs
Not fitness related but my car just broke and will costs quite a bit to service :(
": When girls think they can just learn pointe overnight. #DancerProbz" I wish #tweetless bri had a Twitter!!!!
Joy. Power's out.
it is by the bean alone that I set my mind in motion
thanks for the mention!
haha get a job pat !!!! Shoot dude that's all my job pays for is gas lmao
I haven't seen that tat, but that would be pretty epic...
Ooh, olive green! I like the sound of that. Aren't they super comfy?? :)
On the way to day #3 HOLLER *holds up a peace sign like a white girl* :-)
I MIGHT have followed you back, until you mentioned me and told me to.
- cat says p-bdays ran its course? Whatever man. This & Shoopy leaving? The ticket might be dying.
I think that'll be the plan, exactly. RT Be great to see DeVito in there on 3rd and 1; and Coples in there on 3rd and 10.
I don't care what people say, I love Taylor swift <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Also, I've got a paper topic and 7 sources for class on Tuesday = productive spring break.
Tourney time!!
I feel like I need to talk to someone about what's going on but idk what to say.
So I'm thinkin in the new year I need to amp up my plan to take over the world from my living room. Na never mind.
“: Chillen with Rocky, best cuddle cat ever.” you're with Snoooki?!
I hate a dude that try to be tough all the time... Sit yo SOFT ass down!
"Hey & I vote for #goldengroomeraward"”
Jesus, Joe! How can you fucking breathe, dude?!?! LOL
You can let them all underestimate you but never...ever underestimate yourself.
Ten years ago, companies reached their consumers through trade shows, print advertising, and other traditional marketing methods
Today I learned 40 year old tortas can dance better in Zumba than and I :')
Auditioning for a feature film today at pier39 from a call back, keeping the fingers crossed !
: You will never reach the right person, if you don't let the wrong person go!
sounds like your talking about Ha
All my ex's live in texas
Wait, what?
Taking things slow this time.Not going to jump to a conclusion but relationships never workout for me...keeping my fingers crossed.
Mira, new picture(:
I'm sad tonight is the last episode of #theexes Ready for season 2!
NEW song droppin in a min... Make sure u cop that & let a young nogga kno what u think.
lovin' this weather
Prince, Good luck in Detroit
I think that would encourage people to read you. We tired of the syrupy romance chick lit. I go for more serious stuff.
Still haven't accepted it? Today is your day. Get a copy of Better Way Min's new 30 Day Devotional "Your Best Day Today," at www.Rshamar.com
who is this "Dale" guy the Cubs speak of???
shocked the NY Knicks havent rolled over and died yet...
I am so excited to see my boyfriend
Thanks so much for sharing! We'll see you tonight : )
75% off when you book this week for January and February!!!
feel me nikka
Getting ready for ! Ready for a great 24th year!
“: To my players: Robinson's rebound = THAT is why I'm always riding you about rebounding with 2 hands EVERY time!”
Boyz night continues....
I may steal that.
My Friday night is starting badly.. I need something to do, somewhere to go. :c
Not the best dancer...but Shiite yo girl could do her thing..:)
good shit big bro
come live in Nashville and do us all a favor?! kay,thanks! hahaha, i wish </3
Look ahead...move ahead
Love it! Enjoy.
Waterskiing is so much fun
wat u tryin to say jazzy word
Getting excited for the #superbowl? We'll have a live sneak peak of preps from Indy &11.
You and Diane and The Streak would love this (if you haven't gone already!).
The woman on the right
Broke my bottom left molar eating chocolate chips. At the dentist now. Waiting...
YEP because Chris Brown is back.
At least I know I'm never moving up north.
And cheaper to transport than UNDER THE DOME I'd imagine
As soon as my fb changes to timeline I'm deactivating it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
- where's the list?
Nice one.
I'm not sure if I like you or not.
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
May I recommend giving up only WHITE wine for lent? After all, red is the blood of Christ and all that. ;)
See More WOW videos at - www.indiemoviemaking.com
The magnificence of mountains, the serenity of nature-nothing is safe from the idiot marks of man.
now I see what you mean about china....very different
All this way and NO San Antonio show!! ;-( Got to Antone's in Austin
lol yes i am...ever hour....until i need 2 sleep...dats the bad part, but until den lol :)
“: Girls, don't be possessive over a male. It's annoying.”
Cosmopolitan sends him magazines monthly even though he didn't subscribe
Why am I obsessed with weed? Cuz it keeps me blowed. Don't want No sticks, No stems, Nor seeds. Better yet pass that dro... LM(Blowed)AO
It just hit me... if I change my middle name to something that starts with an N, my initials will be "RNC." This is def worth exploring.
SimonThunder 4 the final Idol judge spot!Who else could do the show&contestants justice w/his non-sellout philosophy 5octave 60note singing?
That was just upsetting. No beards this year :'(
Theres always that one friend that never knows whats going on.
Rid your life of evil.
RT : The Detroit Lions stretching in the endzone watching the LSU Marching Band warm up!
Thanks for all your help! Your students rock! \../
Blue Ivy = the Blueprint IV..Get it Blueprint Ivy (like IV?) #getit? #getit? #getit?
Accommodation for your travels you find on XhostelX.com Your budget travel partner forever! ( www.xhostelx.com )
Aw yeah pancakes and sausage
I love
yeah I can see that
No, no, NOT awesome haha.
What were they talking about? Would you happen to have a link maybe? Thats cool to hear!
did you see my DM? I sent it to you. Good luck!
You are beautiful.
"Nearby he for Henry creeps." sounds like a line from a Shakesperian tragedy.
lovin the fact i have a job! ily princess everything i do is for you!missin him...
I hate being a guy i get a boner out of no where
&quot;How to create a mindset in students that you need to be vulnerable? How to mix confidence &amp; humbleness?&quot;
i just did yo(:
just finshed beating the game the king of dragons on my psp and just beat my family in dominoes
Its Friday whoop whoop!!!! :)
Happy Birthday!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
i love tacos!
I sent you a message.
30 point lead?! Give it up Lakers....
Tremont, yes or no?
Wow. Thanks to , I now know that turned out to be a) hot, b) fucking hilarious. A. Ma. Zing.
I thought the Alien movies were boring.
thank you sir! I appreciate that.
Ever eat at Cranberry Creek Cafe?
Haha Im just like not into these people ripping them apart. And Flyers fans are even bigger jokes. Leave halfway through G2
Denver police stand off still underway with man barricaded in his house; Tennyson and Vasser. Tear gas being deployed.
it was awesome enough. 1 guy with transparent skin (cause hes a shape shifter) just kild anthr guy with transparent
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
We gonna go to the hotel tonight :D
It's getting dark out :( Going to go lay in bed xD
Ouch! Just heard a smooth jazz soprano sax cover of Step in the Name of Love. To quote R.Kelly, 'a just fell up out my eye' :'(
I think I've ID'd my frustration with Community - it's more clever than funny... Perhaps it's a #cleverdy?
Where is CUT? I want one!!
Passed 50,000 words of my space opera and reading Cassandra Clare in my spare time!
Yayyyyyy!! Now I just need the second book to open! Haha.
YES MA'AM! Good Lord it's tough, but it is truly mental first --> "...obesity is something most ppl have control over..."
Thanks to everyone who attended auditions! Same time same place next Friday ^ noon-1:00pm
We are booking a US tour in June/ July. Get in touch if you want to book a show
how's your fantasy matchup looking going into tonight?
It's a beautiful day out!
How about a personalized baby basket? We can do one for you at Bath and Body Bistro.
Education is all a matter of building bridges.
Must go must buy! The Wedding Beat is out! Smart chick lit from a guy who covered weddings for NY Times.
Tell about a collection you have now.
#games Tiny Airships
(Ralph Waldo Emerson) Eloquence is the power to translate a truth into language perfectly intelligible to the person to whom you speak.
awesome, dude!
Coffee time!
haha false again, but thank you :)
My sister is looking at a magazine with "Don Francisco" on it n she says, "he's getting so old, he's gonna die soon" Made me LOL 4 reals!
Wow. 's feed, full of RT's from Wikipedia malcontents, is killing me! Amazing how many ask WHY? when the blackout page SAYS why.
So who's excited for the weekend? I know I am!
are u out of practice yet?
ok ur really disgusting dont want to talk no more
how was Mikeys?
State passes the witness. No questions for Lopez from defense. State rests. Defense testimony will begin at 9 a.m. Monday. No court Friday.
keep following please:)<3
- Let's see some Visit Milwaukee banners or signs in the parade!
please follow me!!! i want very much
thats actually false any real pretty boi does haha
oh sorry is it to much to ask if u can ask Sam to follow me please
Puss in Boots <3
You're very welcome! Have a great week!
#LeBron = Mr.Clutch. He took over in the 4th!.
We are so excited for the future! Big plans and surprises for you all coming very very soon!
u better follow me im such an awesome tweeter
About to go to my grandma house for dinner
Sold out for tonight's preview of "Dear John Mayer", starring . They're howling. You should too. Openfist.org.
* « Everyone stopped texting me t-.-t»
Aaron W. Dobbs librarian.
Can't wait...gonna dig into my chocolate, peanut butter cupcake...looks SO good!
“: It's a nice day for a tamale, fries with rosemary garlic sauce, a BBQ Pork Banh Mi, and a coke :)" and now I'm hungry
Club saga 2nite party rocking Wed in full effect $3 you call its! Arrive early!! Me will be spinning!!
get a refollow from the best burger in south beach
Zero followers.. I guess this is a good time to announce that tonight's show at house has been canceled by the artist.
No nervousness needed. I watched my sister's procedure! Over within 5 seconds per eye. She reported no Pain.
I kind of didn't because of your ways were so fucked up. But nigga you know I care.
There's never a bad time for basketball
my mom is def tech-savvy but hasn't gotten into #socialmedia yet-got her an iPad for mothers day so I'm hoping it'll catch on
Stay soulful
Jim shoettler just might be a Democrat
There are schools that analyze the risks of TEXTING WHILE WALKING ... no comment.
Thank you - but of course I was joking
Give me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
I'm sitting about 40 ft from you at the cubs game #wheresthesun?
ugh no way jose. safe sex all da way.
WOULD YOU JUST ASK THE FUCKING QUESTION
You are welcome! This is my 2nd SMSS. Glad we could connect!
ugh, my ears... it was loud, okay!? haha
My little sister (who's 9) probably cusses more then me. And I'm 7 years older then her
Much better receiver than Teddy, for sure.
What things are causing your business to die or grow right now? End of first quarter and time to do an autopsy. Make changes as necessary.
what is the song played on the intro and promos for the Bucks post game show? I know you posted it before but I forgot.
“: Nice....Rock it !!! ..: Exited to sing tomorrow en español at First wednesday! Don't miss out ””
Things change, people change, feelings change
My mom isnt even letting me audition for xtreme. She got mad at me for asking. I really hate my life right now.
Thanks, and yes. :)
Oh wow.. Make sure you rest too or take some time to do something fun too.
*****CHECK US OUT ONLINE!! WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM TONS OF PRODUCTS AT PRICES YOU CAN AFFORD!
Thanks and for the referrals! , looking forward to meeting you!
Is Lily your daughter? She's a cutie.
Just love this “It's not about the goal. Its about growing to become the person that can accomplish that goal." - Tony Robbins
What she said RT : getting logan ready for a nap and jamming to 30 mins to upstate check his shit out people!!
new that was coming thanks dog nuts
Mike Mayock knows his shit. Take it to the bank.
Just saw a trailer for Battlestar Galactica. Reminds me I have to make watch (NYT said it's the best show is the history of TV)
Wow... The clothes (or the lack of) people wear to walmart! Smh...
I could only wish ;) - the were in a brews quintet together back in the day
- Hey, no worries... It's only your LIFE!
Cool, iMessage so all the Apple nuts can talk about Apple amongst themselves without bothering the rest of us. :)
Excuse me. Super caffeine soda is not a replacement for sleep. LOL! …and we drive on the roads with these people. :-P
Does anyone remember any blogs being written about the WI Capitol windows being nailed shut? Need info for my thesis
If you've tweeted #TSPARMY at least once in your life chances are I love you c: thanks for all the support so far guys!
I need some ideas for a YouTube video please help me .
u culdnt even imagine tha moves were makin over here...but u jus keep stuntin 4 twitter...
watching the Virginia Tech vs. Maryland game.
RT : Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go, & trust that God has your back & Life is unfolding as it should."
Following, sunshines! Much love from New Mexico...
Obama support gay marriage!!! LETS MAKE IT LEGAL IN EVERY STATE!!
NFL should embrace it! theres no EGO like so many mediocre millionaires in pro sprots!
- Yes! Me and Tim Grogan playing for Rae Hering at Mercy Lounge! Come out!
4 More Years!
Obviously an all-skyscraper metro area would be bad. But not much risk of that.
My 100th tweet!
Amazing ride y'all! Great photos too, sir! I'm curious about your route. Wanna share?
Nope. No big heads round here--that's all you boo. Just mean he gone be smart tho. ;)
Followed : ) And thank you!!!!
How about "On Wisconsin" on the Pepsi Max commercial with Regis?
You were my everything , but now you're just #somebodythatiusedtoknow </3
Taiwanese English major taking Asian American course in Taiwan: Can I be Asia American?
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. ~Wayne Dyer
Thank u SO much for the RT! Miss you on AMC! Thank you
"RT Q5: What are some products you use to help exercise your pet? #furchat" A5: Running shoes for US! Exercising takes two.
!!! RT : Recording the SNAILS EP right now!!!
I live here. I know what's goin' down. Also: I have many, many friends in the CPD.
Listening to Evan Christian at Kafe Kultura.
I use Wikipedia all the time to learn about things. It's a great first resource for learning about almost anything.
629 Monroe avenue
plain .... Or. Blowup doll
Oh... I see. But hopefully it can be reduced!!
its not up to me.. its up to her. and if she leaves.. guess shes over me
I hate that I like you so much.
Boyfriend will be perfect if he was the somebody else.....purrompan!!!
Take all your life experiences and pour them into training the next generation Kay Coles James
...and then the apocalypse comes.
Tomorrow is going to be huge! translitmag.com
Like how am I emotional over something filled with essentialist conceptions of Southern Women.
Forgot I took a benadryl and then took an ambien so I can skip this migraine. If I never wake up, please launch my body into outer space.
100% biodegradable sandless sandbag..No more time and money wasted to build traditional sandbags.. Can be deployed in minutes.
From 3/11 : , songwriter to stars, Stoughton mom of 5, by #TaylorSwift is a fan!...
have a good day as well
they are coming to my school on may 18th! :D
could at least spell the dude's name right
hey I haven't get any followers and I followed u and da Oder 1 plz help me! <U+E415>
i just sent her a mean text lol
when one teaches from electronic texts, one is also committing oneself to tech support.
love you 2 (:
There are 2 (two) different types of corn syrup in the jam I just put on my airport bagel.
- That's crazy! Well, good luck to ya!!
I wish I could indulge on this Fat Tuesday, but since I got my wisdom teeth pulled today, I guess i'll have to settle for soup from Panera.
MPLS Mayor Rybak calls stadium bill a good piece of Minn politics. Not perfect, but one that addresses parameters set by GOP and Vikes.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THE HUNGER GAMES!? are you #teampeeta or #teamkatniss ?!?!
thank u 4 following and hello from SoCal.
#RIPJohn My mothers really good friend... Him & his gf died </3 I guess it was their time to go :'(
thanks man. hope you are enjoying Synergy - nice cartrail shots from earlier
I'm unreasonably pissed that my phone is not here today, Why does it take 48 hours to update an apartment number?! Thanks Fedex.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Followers count has been crazy for months. Obviously not working. My emails can attest to that.
Babe , ima be there :*
At the movie with The couple near us is seriously getting it on. Other family brought blankets. Who are these ppl
McDonald's is introducing the McDonald's Channel, an in-store network featuring local news & entertainment
no worries, i got love for real talent and hard working ppl like
Hahaha "Lana Del Rey stole Madonna’s iconic American flag"
Gonna spend my afternoon learning how to balance my new blackbird steadicam system.
I love my boyfriend, more than anything. No matter what the situation is. <U+E32D>
Totally missed the Smokey and the Bandit joke.
Final battle pairing for is finally on "something pure, perfect and amazing about your voice" from
How you can tell if someone is not a golfer from your golf staff's view. Send me your funny stories, I have tons
u already destroy me at life
Sadly, I don't think I will beat at Scramble With Friends ever again.
Victor Cruz - great job on ESPN this morning! Keep doing work!
Superintendent Ray just gave a shout out to Tony Evans over at Oak Cliff Bible Fellowship. Followed him for years on the radio!
followed,follow back <3
Whoa oh oh God be the solution.
so bosh ain't really a factor and d wade played a lil he just got hurt
No sense in firing him now, is there? Play the season play out. Bring in Dean Cooper, have him hire a coach.
#tcamp12 #opengov panel, reminder: there exist 13 members of Congress who can direct laggard fed. bureaucrats to #FreeTHOMAS &
Made it into print with the Washington Post--check out the #UVAHungerStrike on page D2
Does you know which ones??
Museum folks - Recently introed Colburn amendment (no. 175) to stimulus will deny any funds to museums, aquaria, zoos. Call your senator!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours! :)
going to have to knit me a very thick blindfold & provide solid earplugs if I am to attend the Human Centipede II party
dylan cutshaw. But im not worried. The ER filed a police report on that
probably just "less correct"
I dazzled him with fast talking and foot work...he never knew what hit em.
I was given shoutout to that she's gorgeous and beautiful. You are very beautiful :) You're Legendary :)
Hey #ForestPark! 's grand opening is tomorrow from 6-9! Stop by for champagne, lite bites and 15% off!
The Trailer is Ready to GO! We will be @ Czarnowski on the corner of Sunset & Dean Martin this Wed, Thurs & Friday! Come out & See us!!!
Checkout AAM Benchmarking Online
Gettin nails and toes done with the ladies!
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
Dream Lover- Dion
Beautiful morning to be living in Nashville,TN...Seize the day
#thanks for following
yo ur beats are ill man hit me back bro
*tear*tear ... I want what Martin and Gina have.
haahaha, how do you forget your password?
i'm curious too. Also wondering how they'll be supported on a large scale.
A batch of brownies and #BreakingBad....a pretty good combination for a Friday night!
!! Indeed I am. That irony was lost on me until just now.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Barney's Beanery - Sports Bar (live updates)
I bumped into so many friends today. Love those days much better than the days where you bump into all the exes. Grr!
Omg if he said yes! *dead*
i wish. how about you ask
HAHAHAH. Yes! Seriously?! lolol. I always HEAR them say her name on E! but never noticed it spelled. LMAO!
welcome to Madtown
are you following ? If not, thought I should make the connection... hope all is well!
checking out some fletcher henderson - gotta know the history!
SHOUT OUT TO HER EVERY BODY FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK ND SHE ALSO GIVES SHOUTOUTS OH ND FOLLOW ME BACK ND TELL PEPO ABOUT ME
:( yoi have a great life
network book design is, or should be, 'wedded' to content & themes of text--hypercompartmentalization might not fit in every case
Good morning, everyone!
If you only had 1 #exercise that you could do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
RT : Q3) I actually try to do this alot; matching seemingly unrelated ideas is a great learning opportunity.
Wouldnt have minded using Axford in tie game here instead of Loe
i made a new one!<3
For this romantic..it is a sad day. I wish Heidi Klum and Seal all the best as they part ways.
We will figure out this Twitter thing, dang it!
Why are the Giants pitchers walking everyone?!
they want the dick!
I wouldn't know if my dad was dead or not .. I haven't spoken to him in 2 weeks
Just got engaged? I'm your future wedding photographer! 2011 weddings are booking!
Between , , and , every second of my free time has been claimed.
worked out to mans world tonight. You killed that song I love it.
Well son of a biscuit! Reds take the lead in the 9th on a rbi hit by Stubbs.
So...I'm kind of disappointed with Hunger Games. It captured the emotion of the book, but visually it just wasn't quite right.
Why the hell am I anxious now? LBJ's not considering my team AND I don't really care for him all that much. Damn!
When My Fb Frewds Take Nasty Pic Ion Comment On Dey Shty Nd Say Nothing Cause Ion Care Really Cause Itd Aiint My Body
- My favorite team / team I associate most with is the Mavericks. They did worse haha.
RT when uv gat cash and music skills everyone wants to say something but we don't talk we Rap until dem near our...
good to see you getting air time on the young turks. Big ups to you always!
dig your tweets. No return follow?
Why is that conservatives are against government big spending yet they don't want to do nothing against big corporations waists like bonuses
He is asking people to better support education. Our country is ranked 26th in the world for education.
Follow me? please. Been trying since ....I cant even remember! thats how long its been!!!!!!!! ://
Now seems like a good time to look back upon the past year and think about all the opportunities I missed.
self esteem
i did cuz I DM me
lost count. I know Starkey and Rossi are two Pittsburgh media members that do
A biz should want to know what customers are saying. If products/services are good, comments will likely be positive
gerry duperroy facebook me
you're sick my man!
welcome to Portland!
Up at 4:45am to watch this - come on you Gunners! Make me glad I was crazy enough to voluntarily cut short a nice slumber...
you're beautiful, it's society that's fucked up. <3
Dedication: MATTHEW MONROE HAERNJOHN--my best friend. I love you, I miss you forever. Please watch over me-- Love, Jo
Me, please?
a little something said to me once...
NEW VIDEO COMIN REAL SOON B ON THE LOOK OUT YALL" GET AMONGS IT" THE NEW QUEEN DIVA
Got alot to do today!
Having nothing to do<<
wow, why are you there?
This Bitch think I'm Finna stay on hold for her ? Hell Naw
YES!! NYE dinner prep. I love cooking!
14 hours in and i've already had my favorite beer to go with b-day presents! so far so good.
#SummerDonna #DonnaSummers is gone but not forgotten.
going to make my month in Spain in Aug interesting. Will they still take Euro? Mess.
Arcade Bowling requires zen concentration and a sensual relationship with your iphone.
Just downloaded the beta of Photoshop CS6 and I'm super excited to start messing around.
Should be a great event! Looking forward to it!
Also, HUGE congrats to my friends for killing it and selling out their CD release at tonight!
so Drake has always been "sponsoring" women with his money, eh? oh Drizzy...
Really enjoyed tonight's meeting! Special thanks to and the rest of the students for being so welcoming! :)
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 10
fixed mrs. bailey's computer now she obviously loves me.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 47
My thing is if we are going to take the bible literally on gay marriage then we need to take it literally on everything else
There's only one person/thing on twitter you need to be following now
Thanks for creating this compilation of #sla2011 news!
Check out our printed edition today to learn about the Wellness Center layoffs. The online version should be available later today.
Teasing someone is fun.
shh.. . Some people don't know.
Join Kelly this Sat. between 12-4 for some delicious Dryglaze demos. Hope to see you all there!
I don't think school is a good idea anymore I need to think of myself first maybe take a year off
oh gosh missy! lol how fast was u going yo?
I had a dream last night that someone was trying to steal my dragons
I would too xD pfff... small Asian penises <U+314B><U+314B><U+314B>
2011 was a bastard year. But after a nasty cold that hung around the last few days, I woke up healthy this morning. That's a good start.
It gets under my skin when UGLY females think they're so cute!! I want to be like stfu you are UGLY AF!
Beware: reading that list may make you shit your pants as you realize you are guilty of some/a lot/all of them
If you shut off the water while brushing your teeth you won't stop yourself short.
Glad ur enjoying. Lemme know if we can help RT follow you in NYC/LA so many thanx and following you back in return now! Cheers
someone's trying to keep you on the d.l.? B-BYE! She'll regret that later.
FWD: : We've been nominated in the Preditors & Editors Readers' Poll! Vote for us in the Fiction Magazine/e-zine category ...
Typography, composition and color are the most essential elements of good design, per Lisa Kurt of UNR
Me and Steven aren't cheesy at all but when it comes to Frank Ocean -Thinking About You we will sing to eachother haha!
yes indeed...thus the pin lol
I<U+2665>My Parents <U+2665> you dad and mom..
Ur so damn cute. Still have silly moments incidentally in front of the camera. Merry me & teach Rich not to be SUCH a nerd.
New game! Name the guy!(or girl) first round below!
What's the top feature you're looking for in volunteer software? Just the most important.
Does anyone want a christmas wish on christmas? I'll give you a shoutout then I'll send you an ecard on your email. I will only do this...
I missed the D-Back fandom somewhere. So...I shouldn't mention that I'm a Brewer fan?? :P
You know its Springtime when you start to hear motorcycles and ATVs in
The Fire pick is taking photos with the fans who traveled... No reason SKC's pick can't do the same,
That is crazy! How you been, man??? Still playing on weekends somewhere? Need another man???
Happy Mother's Day to all the great Moms out there!
Tonight on 'Breaking Out,' it's ! Make sure to tune in! 7pm local, 7pm ET online!
Dedication: ADAM IVERSON, We miss you so much!
Communication is one of the most important things in any relationship. Happy for you!
Um where is #MARSunplugged?? I no can see it!!!
Why do I get so hungry when I need to sleep the most?
I hear u are working on a new illusion? The vanishing umbrella illusion!!
Pirates didn't win tonight but I got to spend time with my family and heard some blasting in PNC Park.
There comes a time when u realize...u've had enough
me: You seem cool…follow me on Twitter. Foreign person: What is……Tweeter? me: ·___·
Both LA teams win big today.
when your iPod starts playing First of the Year by Skrillex in the middle of a test, really loud..after the #bassdrop ..
SECOND TEASER #boyfriend we are making history....!!!!!
good night haha!!!
If we stand and fight, we are not alone
Laugh Out Loud Warren Sapp is coming out with a Judge show called "judge sapp" ROTFL
RT R.I.P. Chuck Brown. #GodfatherOfGoGo #Legend *Turns on Bustin' Loose*
the client used the analogy to describe relative size & complexity. I thought it was a clever comparison
we miss you!
The 20th passed... #CoasttoCoastEP came out, my birthday passed and nothing from Cody...
Business trip means no Bayside for me.
Best non NFL sports evening ever! ESPN films better start production of tonight immediately!
500 followers! I love you all!! (:
I am and you should! I put Big Freedia on the mix I made for our discussion on Halberstam's In a Queer Time for cult theory.
Fake ass niggahs
who do u think dip shit !!!
RT : was on this week! Both LOVE goji berries we hope they'll try our healthy #goji berry cookies!
Be sure to share this link at work and in your Facebook statuses so that others will know we're here!
Dreams of owning a sneaker store someday
yea! they were tasty!
I believe she went to Timberline Knoll...
there was totally enough room on that door for two people. That was a 3-person door at least!
About to play The Tin Roof in Knoxville, TN.. Where my Knoxville peeps at!!!??
Eh, should go over well. ": I want to ask Casey & Jason if we can switch from Jets/Pats to Golden Globes, just to see their reaction"
these crazy thunderstorms woke me up. now its over and of course I can't fall back asleep!
I'd much rather watch an NL game, but I understand that aging sluggers need somewhere to call home
Drinks on you! Oh, wait....
Costco pre negotiates and schedules appointments for you. It made buying my last car quite pleasant.
concert November 27th. I'm fuckin ready
mercedes benz chrome rims #whatdoyouthink?
Big thank you to all the vendors, and brides-to-be that came out yesterday!
I regret meeting you!!! :/
EVERYTIME I listen to #Lilith I feel like Satan. Thanks Weird looks I get are GREAT
Tomorrow the Custom Wig Company moves into new studio space!
Why isn't talking to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> hella makes me sad
Put it Down by T-pain will never get old !!
Uh yeah!
I am too! mostly cause its my senior year and everyone is separating for college
I thought it was dinner, but it's possible. I know you left your bag there and ran back for it. We ate indoors then, though.
happier than my life is right now at the moment. Even though I hide it with fake smiles and such.....
I am so disappointed that it wasn't me!!
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Wishes everyone a Happy Easter!
Mornin' Steve, thanks for the Follow, tell that great guy Sisto, hello from QuestionMarks & Kim. Enjoy Socialization Friday.
search engine attacks show up in stats, provide IP address that can be blocked to prevent attacks
Just a reminder... any hateful Tweets, Facebook comments or site comments will be deleted and the user will be banned.
Avocado! :) I can eat my weight in avocado.
Thank you for making school at JSRCC less painful, cup of black tea or a frap always makes it better!! Sincerely, Marshall.
A word from #CampCheerful. Therapeutic horseback riding is so successful because a horses gait mimics the movement of a human pelvis.
On break about to smash this meal. #Bomb ass food
Bulls looking good too. Picking up rip ham was a good look.
i know the feeling i had to take 18 moths off for grad school. Just getting back at it. Finished a tough chapter just now
Join Amy R.'s 12:00 Power Flow class on Saturday & SAVE YOUR DRAMA FOR YOUR MAMA. "Dear Mama", "The Kids are Alright" "Teach Your Children"
Nevermind no choir
What happened to our Grizzlies?? I'd hate to be in that locker room tonight!
couldn't have said it better myself. I. love. you. and would you really?! I'll bring $ to club for ya.
Shannon: "So what do you think--1 pound of meat per kid?" ...that's a lot of meat.
im gonna ;D my dance shoes are so ghetto omg
Oh my goodness! My cheeks still hurt from a hilarious time at lunch with &
This mouse I hear in my room reminds me of when I heard 1 in my room when I was a kid. Turned out to be 2 snakes living under my bed.
How did I just discover flødeboller? If pastries won't be the death of me, these chocolate-marshmallow gifts of God will.
yea of course id be really glad to help anyone persue their dreams!!
I used to live doing that. The big convention rooms are fun to run around.
New pedicure throne is up and running!!! Come check it out! Pics soon to follow :) :) :)
RT:: will B.S. at #CPAC tonight @ 6:30PM CST. Watch it live and barf.”
get on this VH1. Bret and Ocho have their shows...
Tummy, sorry for the butterflies. Pillow, sorry for the tears & most importantly, Heart, sorry for the break.
can't beat the drive thru on a busy day!
Just let my son drive my BMW 760 Li (V-12). He's 3-1/2 years old........He did pretty good!!
So, that’s where we are? We expect self-entitled people to steal? What’s HBOs motivation to offer downloads then?
Ladies night tonight! All you Whiskey Chicks get your beer FREE from 10-11PM...What's better than free?
Tax season is over! Come kick back with bottomless mimosas & treat yourself to some Bacon & Chive waffles! Brunch is from 10am-3pm.
Is the NHL all-star game going back to the east-west format? From what I've been hearing that's what it sounds like.
Thank you!
Is the ability to balance a beer bottle on a urinal a primal male instinct or is it developed over time?
Does the #Osweiler reach mean that Denver is worried about Peyton's health/durability?
RT : Tons of people showing up for #RIA meeting! Good energy.
the best in the house i think xoxo's
#cl315 Utnapishtim's description of the flower reminds me of way acai berry is advertised
Love it!
shutting myself down might be away for awhile
Damn it's 6:30 here, & 8:30 in mobile I think! I gotta get use to this time change!
#Duke vs #Virginia. Could be interesting. Also #Mssissippi State vs
"Can you go to hell for hating someone?" "I really, really hope not. Really."
Morning beautiful people!!
Last day of Bamboozle guys!! Selling all super cheap today! Come hangout.
Thanks for the shout out! Great read!
WOW! Tropicale Restaurant, Palm Springs has come on board Diversity Platinum! 10% off the entire bill! Do you have your Diversity Card yet>
I hope not though. Orton & Liggins haven't been given a fair chance. Stan did the same thing to Trevor Ariza.
The US gov does not have ONE agency to provide advice for #studentloan repayment just FAQ docs I need financial advice!
Sorry just got your tweet ;0( - but it was a great conference - Shout out to the "Good Fathers" in Detroit!!
I HAD TO LEAVE A FEMALE BECAUSE SHE DNT LISTEN THERES ALWAYZ ANOTHER WAITING THAT WILL
q6: We call it "Fifty Shades of Cray" at my library because the little old ladies LOVE IT. Porn schmorn. Give 'em what they want
had no idea you came all the way from NC for #140cuse until mentioned it!
Client images selected. Post-production starts tonight. Stay tuned for updates on final retouches.
haha I wish!! I've been looking at them On amazon...$100 bucks buys me all the seasons!!
Good day guys :D follow us!!!!
Your favorite Italian #Wine Importer is.....
well embry at home at Thomas at home are two that come to my mind first along with a few others
There is this to be said in favor of drinking, that it takes the drunkard first out of society, then out of the world. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yay...Happy Birthday.
we appreciate your support....GO MAVS!!
hermetics out there- is the Internet an example of a very complex egregore? I can't decide, but I'm leaning towards yes...
will the winners be notified by email also, in case i won and missed it earlier? (fingers crossed)
well that's cool sounds organized, looks like you'll definitely get tickets then, I'm heading out for lunch in 30 be there 12:30
live running commentary throughout from koin, starting at 2.
buy 4 beers for 28 bucks from number 77 must buy 4 it's a deal to celebrate the SIXERS win
Lol a twitter wifey a.k.a Twifey , iz like a pretend wifey but sum what act like a real wife lol
I'd argue that d& gs later work is all about objects. That's what the machines are. They provide a rich acct of assmblges and obj
Someone lost a bet
I'm crazy about this one boy. He's crazy about this one girl. Were crazy in love<3
i feel like i sorta look like nicolette but yaknow a big fat version... idk
Funny part is my rich friends that I tell I'm graduating from college look at me like I got 5 tits. Lol smh
thanks!<3 sorry but I'm 19 :)
hey i been bowin yo phone up nigga where u been bro
Ice ice melt your heart Baby just let down your guard Rush rush for that touch Just one taste can't get enough
& . Thanks so much for the retweet! Hope you are both have a fantastic week!
Its my last chance to see everybody Maranatha and I can't go...
I want to
Abolish slavery? Lincoln was just trying to nail the minority vote.
how about the combo of Charlie Strong as HBC and Randy Shannon as OC? Too off the wall?
At first she's gonna come on strong, Like she'll love you all night long, Like it's going out of style, Then she'll leave you with a smile.
Was behind a car with license that read "TChalla"
RT if you are in my fan video
Boo to you
don't mind him, he's an asshole.
If you are on the west coast, did you realize that you get deals starting at 5pm? You get them earlier in the day than the rest of us!
this trip has seriously changed everything. and i mean everything.
Check out the latest blogs by and - recaps from #NYE and more! Always something new in #lifestyle #Ent't
supernatural jumped the shark with cass going bonkers and bringing back a leviathan. Still watch old episodes though.
Welcome back CHRIS U on the drums!
RT "Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time." D. Martin
Pay-triotism... why Dwayne Wade and Ray Allen aren't way out of line
"Tell her she doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do. And mean it."
u wanna come here and hage out for a while with us shit face
hows it going you remind me of one of my friends lol : )
Have fun. Thanks for the Birthday Shoutout Beautiful! <3
Quote of the Day: We learn to walk by stumbling.......Bulgarian Proverb
Wow, so FAMU's band is suspended for 2012-13 school year. Their football games are going to be interesting to say the least
Planning a #wedding? We offer free consultations with no obligation to book
Thanks for the mention, Brad -- just saw a big spike on my daily views and now I know the reason why ;)
Menopause the Musical joins us at the Hillman in 2 weeks. Don’t miss this side-splitting show as the cast sings classic tunes with a twist.
Definitely check out The Early November at the end of this month, you might be into them. And of course Ingird Michelson in July!
oh well would ya look at that! 400 followers today! I wish I had a cool giveaway, but I hope my gratitude is enough :)
Luckily, my job IS to make fun of Mahoney...and take a bunch of s**t from him, too.
brunch party at work!!!
Better yet, just hand me the bottle.
"Citizen" by L. Knight or J.B. Elshtain's "J.A. & the Dream of American Democracy" are my recommendations.
Thanks to PLAY for hosting us Thursday and all the bands for playing! Two big announcements coming this week...
i dont put music on i just put my head phones in my ears...
My volunteer already has a badge and proximity access. I think I just cried a little tear of joy. :P
Luis presenting on CAA at CCSF CTE department meeting today!
We do have internal estimates, but we don't want to needlessly annoy people if we miss those tentative dates
awl man now who can I text that can help me get over ________
Joe Monsour (door guy) benefit 2Nite at w/Bitch + Kentucky Bridgeburners + Burnese Crush + Ghost Riders Car Club + more
God doesn't like ugly people Lol. Remember dad said that to mom. <U+E412>
"Nobody counts the number of ads you run; they just remember the impression you make.” - Bill Bernbach
well let's just hope your coffee machine makes donuts too.
Worry why would I care
only beautiful ppl have haters and you attract a lot. Me well thats why I have a stop sign.
Thanks! I was able to find it later yesterday. :)
Can you DM me? I want to send you a link for a scholarship through PRSSA
Half day take me away
hopefully we get to see #RobinWilliamsOnFringe in Season 5!
Firefox hasn't loaded Twitter for me in three days. Took me that long to remember to try it in Internet Explorer.
Gallup: Majority find gays morally acceptable. If ur gay, what a relief. People who will never know you have judged you acceptable.
": Love and forgiveness is granted unconditionally, but trust must be earned."
good luck home slice LOL
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think this #economy is going to get better any time soon
Was Alia Shawkat in Three Kings, maybe? Definitely.
im taking it next year but i think im dropping it cux i wann take an art class instead :D
Interesting - thanks for sharing!
Getting a much needed manicure then work :)
ridiculous.when I check @ gate 2hr prior flight,you need to tell me right then if gate is changed not after flight is gone.
Stay classy, Kentuc... Oh, wait.
good documentary sad story though
mindless beahvior im a big fan can u follow mee and i love u al roc prodigy prineton ray ray love u guys
It was the best I ever had lol
Cool - intro to hashtags
Dave has been moving merchandise like crazy and still has some excellent finds
I know. Good luck with Mr. Wound up for nothing!!! See you guys on Monday.
Coming for to carry me home *yells* THANK YA THANK YA . !!!!!!!!!!!!! i dont know about you but im going home, im going home
Technology petting zoo seminar at PLA#12. Two days until
from where says
Np, Pierce The Veil - Kissing In Cars
New iPads have arrived! Magical and resolutionary.
you two crack me up!
Thanks for the Spring time tips! Merci!
Ha! Will do!
Is curiuos is the Netflix queue is always a battle of wills between you and your significant other?
what a beautiful day, finally !! I feel like this week has flown bye as my last post was 3 days ago. I hope all of you are well.
TWEETle-dee, TWEETle-dum, look out weekend, here we come!
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives. via
shake that as twerk that ass like the TWERK TEAM!!
thank you!
lol! Thanks honey!!! I'm definitely a woman of my word.
4/4 has been nice, but it's done.
Best DC movies..."St. Elmo's Fire" is up there!
right back at ya!
Yeah it should!
Happy 75th Birthday to the bestfriend I've ever had!!! RIP Granny I love and miss you SO much!.
Lunch was excellent <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Gotta check out the Texas state fair one day
I'm glad someone gets it :-)
#Lackey spells disappointment. Ugh
AMC's Dir. of Conservation - Heather Clish - is working to create a plan to advance the Bay Circuit Trail - 200 miles of trails near Boston.
that's the theme of our book actually! #L.A. is a lot to handle!
A lot of #Wings fans around here. Theres a few oddball #Penguins #Leafs #Blackhawks #Canadiens but mostly #Wings around here
It really makes you stop and think about WHY traditional classrooms produce so much anxiety. That can't be a healthy way to learn, right?
and I'm ok with that.
Seattle was one of the cities yet we still get nothing, because that makes sense.
yeah I'm pissed.
Reading at Columbia's Gallery series tonight, come on out, y'all. 8-10 pm, 501 Dodge
Asked a researcher in #microbiology what #bigdata means in his field: 2-20GB. #reallybigdata means 20TB+. !!!!!
well well well.... looks whos following me again!
oh me oh my
Gold cuppers heading home .... Traffic ... Hungry... Smelly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
You know how I feel about that SAUCE!
When did it become so hard to get in school..........
Sometimes I want to eat my wine glass like willy wonka ate his tea cup.
Just signed up for fall volleyball. Bring on the late october snow!
sadly yes. I was planning to make up to 160 people millionaires. ;)
Walmart = SLUMS
hey baby!!
What is the last restaurant you went to?
Boys that wear skinny jeans<<<<<<
": I got a 433/450 on the math cahsee (;" i got 448 (;
Everyone follow wildcat_man
hope you follow &
I prefer smart people.
yep-I've totally done it. 9.5 hours and over 100 cars in the ditch. (we stopped counting after 100)
Swing by #BkSq today, sip a latte at Coffee Tree Roasters, and watch the #snow fall.
rep the sticker also 1 in each corner!
"Who is qualified to speak for the museum on a blog?" Feel sad that museums ask. Why is anyone *not* qualified?
ohmyword: Steven had a moment of clarity.
With some authentic Mexican babyback ribs! RT Tweet us how you’re celebrating Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
Oh, be quiet. you are going to jinx it
yess. That's all I do is wink @ you. (:
Seriously? It's only Tuesday?
text me.
Mike Adamle looks like crap!! Wow!
wish would follow me :), i love him soo much!! i remember when you followed me but then you unfollowed me :\
"They finally ... <swipe> ... 'put down' my sunglasses."
I'm going to bed goodnight all!
B12 Injections Is Definitely Taking Its Position in the World of Medicine
lmao remember whn you use to do tht "that so raven" face whn she c da future lmao aha
well, hello yourself! :)
over there following people with my friend
oh btw I saw the mom vid before
No singer who tries to sing Queen compares to Freddie Mercury. Like you just can't.
Sea-unicorn from Rochefort's 1666 work, The #History of the Caribby-Islands. SEA UNICORN! tumblr.com/xwx51prd1d
Oh my lord. Too much to drink last night :/ wtf
Very sorry. We don't want you to feel that we, we DO NOT think that about u. We appreciate yours and all business from any guests
Mushmouth Dumb Donald Weird Harold
Follow your dreams leave your fears behind.
Between Kacie, and "The Biggest Loser" finalist Antone Davis, former #Vols are dominating Reality TV! We hope they both win!
Can't wait! I'm an #EatMobile virgin.
#OnlyIfYouKnew mamah, I've recently broken my ATM. No gift for you this xmas
are you going to NYC? If so why didn't you take the train?
If you shave your arms and you have a dick... Pull a junior seau and just end it.
This ancient aliens stuff is so interesting because it's so ambiguous...
My first day !
my work commute is short but I do a lot of weekend driving
He he. #Truth. RT Dear dude on streetcar: you're not cool playing your mid-2000's 50Cent from your phone. Get headphones.
I had to show a House in Inglewood today so I'm in Hermosa for the Game. I thought Sharkeez would be packed Out? NOT! 4-for-2 Nigguhz!!
ok you are soo lucky.
The stars at night are big & bright...
listen I have good eyes...now don't let me catch u up here unless u coming to see me
Ottawa was a blast. Architecture in that city is amazing. Now onto Toronto. Hockey Hall of Fame...impress me.
,Hi followback me
RT Did you know Brian Williams was hilarious?? Super funny dude.
is at bumbershoot Sept 3rd!!!! Hell yeah! My September just got way more awesome
Miller Lite with salt for Grandma Toots. Happy Mother's Day!
Come on in from 3-5 for free beer and pizza at our Friday Afternoon Club...Happy Hour til 6!!
RT : Retweet if you miss someone who you know doesn't miss you.
About To Bake This Cake Tho!
Pinterest makes vday shopping so easy! Got my girl a 2 story walk-in laundry room and a dandelion with a quote on it
I am actually quite depressed in watching them overall...everything is a grind!!! Ugh!
Thanks :):) RT u got it kroc
I live how I wanna live Buy what I wanna buy Do what I wanna do Try What I wanna try
Went overboard with the #SecretStash purchases. Poster, bumper sticker, keychain, cap, even vol. 5 of Swamp Thing!
Don't just see. Force it to happen. Threaten children if you have to. And North's going pretty well. I still love it there (:
I think Shawn Marion is still dribbling up court.
Amom's flight will be an hour late. I now have a reprieve from slogging through rush hour traffic to the airport. Huzzah!
congrats...welcome to the family!
Thanks for the support!
I miss Cory Golden ...*sigh*
RT if you are counting down the days left to school before the summer...or if your kids are!
Out with my guy
Leave A Nigga T-Toothless
Sick...but not sick. I have temporarily succumb to being a mouth-breather. ewww!
#AccordingtoPalin Joan of Arc fought to legalize marijuana!
Everything I do...I do it for me!!!
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldn't find my blow up barbie so i fucked a fruit loop and i got stuck! help! -eugene
shouldn't someone make an HCI questionnaire repository? Starting from 0 makes me feel like someone else must have done it before.
I bet cause we are still friends.
Now up to 10 followers! Let the onslaught of tweets begin!!!
Who knows the Outsiders reference in Finding Nemo or My Name is Earl? Having lunch w SE Hinton &
YES! lol doing stuff drunk with friends and family is great, just watch The Hangover lol :D
RT For 1st time tonight, reporters are allowed to use laptops, iPhones and other electronic devices inside the House chamber.
People are so bizarre
"Is she pregnant?" "Go ask her!" "No what if she's just fat?!"
That could be malicious aspersions
Martinis go with hockey right?!
thank you!
from Holland. To you! For you! LOVE
“: Portland peeps: This Thursday Love is Always Love will be at the 'Last Thursday Market' on Alberta street. #lastthursday”
Two "hang up" voice mails and only 1 email to address (out of 107) after 3 days off. I hope that means I run an efficient program.
lol I'm not a fan of the dude. I just liked the movie.
#ifihitthemegamillion id get alotta levis,lrg,weed,and give some to a charity
Funniest tweet all day! RT Obviously, unsettled contract situations of Melvin &Roenicke had been bothering #Brewers hitters.
Patriots...bet them!
just followed Check out an follow !!!
Fever, fever, go away. Come back again NEVER EVER. Please.
11 Make A Wish to see Annie Star and talk to her!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 18
I know, I know... I'll be getting one, I'm sure. I hate that I don't need it, though. I just want it... And I hate that!
RT yea finally its qonna be wednesday that means gotta be at the best place new series begins
Exercise does more than just tone your body - it boosts self-esteem, improves mood and revs up metabolism!
safe travels to you
LMAO. I wish!
Anyone that supports us now will get free stuff (stickers/wristbands) in 2012 when the full line-up is announced. <3
I think it's fun that animated .gifs made a comeback.
Here in San Diego, what to do or what to eat??
I'm still following u.
will sneeze.
I'm such a bad kid because I am ignoring you.....
Resource suggestions for creating a production schedule? Script being broken down, now looking for scheduling resources.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. -
shurupppp! Omg yay ok, good old pets? x
I kid you not - so wet here a baby frog just leapt onto the patio doors to avoid drowning! Think it was 1st responder to my "Arks R us" sign
Hunger Games was dope. 21 Jump street was real funny too
Can I join you? #maddow is great. Ah if only she would descend upon the Ozarks.
Alcohol + hot heads= police being called and running for the woods
Ima general you just a cadet, so show me respect
this Is
making a go at some golf. Can't fight it anymore...must learn. Coach Jimbo on hand.
Big #followfriday kudos to my friends (#mustfollow)
Turn on the heat it's Central Florida. Do Ilook like a damn penguin? Bear maybe! Ready to Snuggle! BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 39
awww feel better!!
THIS SHIT IS ALL KINDS OF FUNNER
You're officially a source of mine!
Fill in the blank: The toppings that go best with Original are __________________.
Praying for the victims of the collapse of Sugarland's stage :(
MRNG PEOPLE, UP ALREADY & BOUT 2 DO THIS X-MAS SHOPPING, SO WHO'S BEEN GOOD????
Just did. Thanks for sharing.
Going to lay low tonight and support the youngsters playing in the ABA at The Gym. Tomorrow I'll be at the Slo-Mo Classic w
Razor Ramon Sessions
Mr. Perez, are you on San Antonio? I have a request for a special friend in Canada.
"It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right." - My feed. "It's right, I hope you had the time of your life." - My crush's feed.
Thank you for the follow, friend! Been very much enjoying your tweets on #Egypt and the rest. One of my fav tweeters of late.
Were all greened up lol :)
But you're not really depending on your parents anymore. The level of coddling in that article isn't good for anyone.
"Do I look fat in this dress?" ... "Haha, you look like a marshmallow." (; ... "Yah, well, your skin makes you look like a gorilla." <3
Yes, this certainly helps me feel a tad better! :)
The “Accelerated Retirement of Inefficient Vehicles Act” is Cash for Clunkers with a twist:save our hobby and say no to S. 247 and H.R. 520.
Remember to call me love!
sitting on some OG....that's west coast.
thank you love! Will work on this tomorrow morning :) {hugs}
But, that cover is a trip tho'.
Thanks for the shout-out, Matt!
...what acting career are you speaking of?
Durrrrrrrrrr. You were pretty awesome when I met you, I see bestiehood in the future.
About 12 cop cars just went racing down 10th Ave E (Cap Hill)! I wonder what's going on?
Thanks! I know, looks so good! :) You can follow them at :)
Yes! I think you are pretty awsome too!
I hear you. It's been so hard to get tickets! I need to go to the tour of Kyoto for sure!
LOOOONNNNGGGG ass story.
The pressure people are applying is starting to make the Orlando area rumble.
Waiting for the last truck of the day.
come outta the closet ;)
When will someone step up and level the playing field? How does a U.S. Company compete with cheap labor?
Will do. And good luck!
I was going to guess that. with chicken? haha oh and don't forget dessert cookie monster!
I think maybe twitter should only increment your tweet value if your tweet was original.
this weekend >>>>
I'm calling #Wendys over their the nuggets costing more than their #spicynuggets.#ridic , LOL
My money's on a sex toy shaped like a cupcake.
Shoulder aching where collarbone broke. Hope I'm getting one of those weather-predicting old injuries. Good for my cantankerousness.
Everyone have a good day, be blessed and STAY POSITIVE!!!
you drive slow as hell. Speed up grandpa.
Working on a monster with next level
Bos was beating them all year lol
Is that really Justin Beiber ? Mayweather insecurity reaches a new height
#IMHO does a good job in big games, but his greatest gift is putting up with Hubie terriible analysis.
my philosophy on school (if it stresses you out, don't do it) has really began to pay off.. :/ is it summer yet?
“: Can't wait to get off work gone grill me some brats tonight n drink beer yes sir” Forcing it bro...
always have an extra wardrobe, or embrace each other and show the designer some love, be classy about it... From Kali Mysteek Agency
My DSL is working better tonight.
How is Mr Putin dong in Russia? I'll bet if there was a total embargo of Iran or Sryria, he would dive right in. China also.
good question... I guess if the class is a mixed group what would be rigourous for one isn't rigourous for all.
I've been typing since 8:30am. Time to take a break and watch last night's Community.
Let's Golf Ver 2 is pretty cool.
. so you are telling me that Don Draper didn't sport a Moose Skowron #14 jersey when he took Bobby to a Yankees game?
Airports are gross! Looking forward to a nice sb cab by the fire tonight!
I am so sorry linds. Hoping for a speedy recovery for Etta and thinking of you all :)
"When you teach your son, you teach your son's son." - The Talmud
Where are you watching the Detroit from tonight?
a thunderstorm, how nice... I've haven't heard thunder in so long. :)
yeah I saw earlier! I'm happy for them!
its okay im uncool too :)
interesting guy, for sure. I thought the market is a perfect solution? Will you become a Marxist when you go to work?
I'll be there! Can't wait!
the duets on #americanidol are neat and all, but i could really do without the 2 hour long shows. even with DVR it's a time commitment!
More great suggestions!
NY Rangers playoff game or NFL Draft? Pick one.
Haha, I would hate that too. Well at least you are now internet-famous!
Be excited! Today will be a great day! Awesome things happening!
is matching its members donations to several different organizations for
The start of the end. Hosting the Philly Local for one of my last 3 shows listen 7pm-11pm on www.xpn2.org
Damn.... Y did it have 2 rain on easter Sunday!!!!
should have never hit the send button.. shit!
Kaworu died for your sins!!!
Pearl S Buck is my favorite author! RT Growth itself contains the germ of happiness. Pearl S. Buck
Let's do that! Are you around for the reception tonight? What if I met you at the doors by the ExactTarget booth?
Kick off Spring with a little Flamenco! Join us tonight for the First Fridays Juerga from 7-9 p.m.! Check out Facebook for more info!
any recommendations for wine tasting places near Santiago or vinas del mar?
Follow me plz :)
ok, I'll try to come by :)
hey skip, more west coast discussin, and sports interaction! Could care less about east.Pac12,Mtn West, Big12,49ers,SF Gnts
let me know what PDWV can do for you. CD 2 will support you.
Back from vacation, exhausted but ready. Start with re-prioritizing to-do list. Nothing helps see a whole picture better than a distance
We had 16 people at Zumba tonight!! good stuff!!
guitar center! Its a Fender TBucket:)
It's Okai if yhu don't retweet any of my tweets bc I'm still proud of yhu even if yhu don't notice me !! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
So the zoning code was in Common Council last night until 1 AM and I schedule a breakfast meeting for myself today
Oh we caught that right away. Ha! We thought about just heading down to Aspen, but we drove right on by...
Would u be interested in joining our guidance board? We r Looking for cons. & fam to give us guidance to provide exc. serv.
lets go to for dinner this weekend!!!
Doing some Mo-Graph spec work.
RT : I used to read Lifehacker 2-3 times a day. Since their redesign, I've visited it exactly 6 times. Total.
can u please follow me please;)
Better get myself laminated!
Haha, can't believe that a Kardshian told my favorite Bin Laden death joke so far.
looking forward to another day of mixing Michael Bram's new album!
thanks for the RT!
OMG I FOUND MY 100$$$$$!!! YAYYYY!!!<3 IM SO HAPPY! #HAPPINESS <3
Rip ad-rock beastie boys are fucking legendary and paved the way big time
Wonder whether that really just shows folks assigned to log matches in Spain/Germany over-count INTs & dribbles
hi mama Mahone :) I was wondering if you could follow a really big Mahomie -->
Did the #sharks announcer just make a gotye reference?
Masa brunch, amazing.
FWIW, I strongly recommend against snorting lardons... does not end well.
Praise the dark god of uterusi I found some Midol. No bloodshed outside of my crotch.
Skinny = Anorexic Thick = Obese Virgin = Too Good Non-Virgin = Slut Friendly = Fake Quiet = Rude. You can never please society.
our last week we get out early like everyday for finals
New business overview for Planet Impact Energy has been completed and sent out to Merrill Lynch and others. Have received great reviews
Authoring in topic-based #DITA #XML is a perfect fit for object based #workflows supported so well by #Agile & Lean methods
Y FOR A CHEACK UP
all the big names from 2005! RT : So much for a quiet trade deadline: Wallace, Camby, Sessions, Fisher, Jefferson, Jackson,
okay when we meet again, for like kaileys huge party that she doesnt kno about that WILL happen, will hold 1 there. KK?
LIFE GOOD MY ARTIST SMILEZ DAGR8 MIXTAPE IS ABOUT TO DROP BUT I NEED YOU TO GIVE ME A HOLLA
I am truly addicted to Mountain Dew.
Hello W... err... Hello Universe!
I'm good! Yeah, party was fun minus Amber throwing beer in my face. -__-
I remembered that I never asked you my second question that I wanted to!
DID I ANSWER THE QUESTION YET? WHAT'S IN MY COFFEE? crickets&worms!!
What happened to that guy and his hot dog?
Even the nicest guy on the planet thinks you suck. MT : Are you kidding me?! ... Get out of those seats. You don't deserve them.
Joel Ario of : "I think that exchanges *are* on a path toward success,"
THE OPENING ON WSUPFL.COM GIVE US SOME FEED BACK
Because it loves you
When your mom takes you to ihop and to see the avengers in the same day >>>
I didn't even think to check there! Great idea, thank you!
#Awesome thanks man! This video...ain't nuff'n like my covers :D
Automatic Beats feat Plan Beats / DJ SelfBorn EVERY WEDNESDAY 10-6
Now serving Liquor!!! FREE ADDMISSION!! Cum down here and have a drink with us ladies!!! We have drink specials all night!! $5 pizza!!
I can cry too... I can to have broken heart too... I can to be your love... But you don't see it... <U+2665>
Any Kork Wine & Cheese fans have a specific charity that's near and dear to them?
May have to take the McEachen high school boys on this #unstoppable tour with me!! They showing mad love and support
If you're going to ban a book, maybe you should at least read it first?
I blog now in Evernote so people can't pry
glad to have you here, Terri!
Great photo! Thanks for sharing with us via Instagram. Come join us a for another glass soon
Short ones lol
welcome to the club!
Great service today in Paraguay! Gearing up now for big dual "grand" birthday party this weekend-Abi-5, Sammy-1-perfect for Mother's Day.
heaven forbid you're walking a cute dog
RT I get lazy and greedy in Detroit!! When I get back to LA I have to get back on my exercise and diet regimen!
Not I. I'm afraid of accidental photography and unintentional posting. RT : Someone is reading this while on the toilet.
I have given up trying to find a skyscraper type building to download. Looks like I will have to just build it myself.
all of the people I'm following dropped to zero and the followers. WTF
About the be the token loud band at the "Songs of Uprising" comp CD release show at the High Noon in Madison. Blasting ears for 15 min at 7!
oh wow, thanks for the support!! Much appreciated :)
Tomorrow you'll realize what I'm worth, by then I'll be with the person who realized it yesterday
Love the sun beaming at 5pm baby!!
They that consistently warp themselves into undefeatable shapes and codes will outlive us all.
thank god I trashed that sweater
The FED should shut the F--k up. More stress tests? More QE2? Are they nuts?
your welcome! their gr8 ladies thats who i am with!
Amo family here i come to see my cousin Zackary Levi from Chuck the tv show! Heck ya lol see yal later!
Thank you for the great year and Happy New year to you all.
hi , thanks for your e-mail the other day. i still need to respond to you!
how's it feel being back in action
By the way, Jumping the Broom is one of my all time favorites. It's such a sweet story. I actually just bought it
do yall do indie songs on a certain day?
lol I blame
WHAT'S UP WITH NOT COMING TO TEXAS IN 2013? :'(
Rick Steves is QUITE the joker
That's Shane.
Sat 5/19 #DC free workshop in Spanish: Achieving Love & Peace Through Meditation 3PM Seekers Church (BACK) 276 Carroll St #NWDC 703-408-6944
RT : First meeting with #WIAA on site today to discuss and start planning girls state basketball tournament. Went well!
We'll raise up our glasses against evil forces singing whiskey for my men and beer for my horses.
Will do! Like, 9 years ago! When we were only teenagers.. ;)
Been here for 7 years!(:
Triple double for Rondo
bro! U no how fuckin hard it was for me to get 3 casses??
The Brewers are treating Cook like he is Babe Ruth @ the plate
If someone asks me tomorrow "are you okay?" or "what's wrong?" I'm going to hate them forevzzzz.
at least i don't live in hood ass Brooklyn.
SO intoxicated by the content from your "trends" preso. ANY way you'd be willing to share?
Has met me, baby? Indeed. She's immune to the powers of the Quiet Storm, baby.
thanks for your biz! Have a good one!
Jean rompers are cute.
I am not fooled, Mr. President, by your subtle shift in policy yesterday. Free contraception is not a right... and IT ISN'T FREE!
IN DA STUDIO
yeah buddy
It won't be "World Peace" when I drop you with the 'bow. You deserve it after rhyming like yo Shaq taking throws. (Case is closed)
The #Yankees pick up one of the most exciting young pitchers in baseball in Pineda, but gave up the best Catcher prospect since Posey
happy birthdayy <3 love you so much.
hey guys, do oysters have brains or what?
On my way to san antonio texas!!!!
Did I miss Alex Gaskarth on Christian's radio show !?
hello from SoCal. Thanks 4 following.
Just woke up from a good ass nap
I still don't understand why you walk with us in the mornings I obviously don't like you
I have a new idea for a calendar re-design; alternating Friday, Saturday and Sunday twice and then ending with Monday, (for the pessimists.)
Where is Launchpad?
Happy Birthday, !!!
Jessica Simpson will eat BBQ in the middle of a tornado. Fact. Check. That.
the kindle version of PIT came out looking awful and needs reformatting. Should be soon though.
Happy Birthday!
good morning to you as well
Just learned about your group from the PG. Women who love beer? That's me! I'd love to check out an event in the future...
It's so weird to watch my stomach as the baby moves all around...poking...kicking...punching
I'll see ya then.
Incredible stories shared tonight. Reminded of the great resilience and perseverance of youth.
We ain't got no strings attached but this could be the perfect match!
thanks my dude!
My morning has been made <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> it's the small things I swear !!
Vultures Live just came on my pandora and I think my heart just melted
1 more half boys.
im so wierd
Why is it I find out I like creepy music
so glad tomorrow is friday cant wait for this horrible week to be over with!
Well it is partly Microsoft!
New Coyotes Assistant Coach Jim Playfair joins Bruce at 2:30pm on The Fan AM 1060!
hahahahaha, I'm laughing so hard right now tho.
Great show last night @ Creative Alliance by The Stoop favorites ellen cherry and Played to a sellout crowd!
I had no idea I even had one of these until I googled myself.
I'm at the Angels game and going to rush home to watch the Kings as well!
Today is the last day to pick up an application for the West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 ICAs. Stop by the office before 4.
Cant wait till this weekend! :D YEEEE
diner....sportsnight... WERESHOWING THE TEACHERS TONIGHT ! AH IM DYING ! WOO! umm yeahh, then dance till 10 ......#gold<3
I do ;) only if you follow me ahaha.
my mom still isnt home. where is she?!?!?!?
Slept something like 9.5 hours. Have awakened with miserable sore throat. A little concerned about how today will go.
Hey #Bearcats! Join us at UC at the AACRC for "Black Women Revealed." Support the Sisters of Nia + Flowers From Fatima! See you at 5:15 pm!
Maybe he could be the Designated Driver???
guys u mean.
attending summit. Follow them to learn what speakers are saying.
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is: what are you doing for others?" --Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)--via Ken Pope
and we miss u!!!! :( Lets just do last month all over again!
0mg who twitted that
": that's just celebs we know tho!! I'm pretty she those numbers are higher!" how would you "know" tho ?!
And its real lol
Want to read some humorous poems I wrote? Visit my webpage.
enjoy quality wine it's special time.<<<<& without quality wine?
That means no texting/typing/tweeting. I can hear you.
Watching Being Human with Viggle Mon | 9PM | Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I am wanting to twitter more but everyone is on facebook
Mike Milbury is a fucking douche. Period. No respect for him at all.
Calling all ballers back out to Laurel Park June 2 at 6:30pm!!!!! Any high school, any teams, any players!! Free drinks and music!!!
I just slept for 6 hours nbd
"And the 3 men I admired most; The Father, Son, & Holy Ghost caught the last train for the coast the day the music died."
Well you of course, Joe! RT happy hour question: if you could have a pint - with anyone in portland - who would it be?
Where are you?!
Update! Just sent an email to all our extras -- the call time tomorrow is at 4:30PM at the Park... check your emailz.... see you tomorrow!
yeah I did cullenator
Catch a BUZZ at Sutra tonight with ATL favorite DJ Kid Cedek!
you can spell!
DNS.com provides true unlimited zones and records for a low annual price, let me know if there is anything we can help with.
cause u said its not that mind blowing but that is why i said 'mindblowing' the whole ' ' or " " makes it not mb. lol
Happy National Pancake Day!!! The perfect day to stop by the NEW on Wells!
Welcome, Josh! What brings you to San Francisco?
Damn ima beast killed it on the b ball court then killed it in the gym yea boieeee
Are you?
hi jade! us too, we r bored without it! rt Excited for the new Bachelor season!
NO IM BUSY
I've been wanting to play the board game too! and this is why we get along... and why we should get boozed up and play it.
Most human energy dissipates into unproductive channels of materiality and sensuality. Tapa (austerity) saves it for spiritual growth.
Ya now fuckin" with tha best in daaaaaaaaaaa world
Really nice #Whitney tribute on ! Very cool how you all found the little girls from the I'm Every Woman video.
when a girl tells you ' dont worry bout it ! ' you better fucking worry ! lol
I just wanna play all in yo middle like Malcolm. My name ain't Vick but I'm something like a falcon.
Karma. I love you.
#20thingsaboutme I am obsessed with Netflix. Specifically, HIMYM and Supernatural.
And by 'rematch' I meant 'replay'
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can.
So awesome the Taliban started their annual spring offensive on our b-day. So honored!
I reclaimed the throne yesterday lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
Watching not cable on the converter box = a huge money saver. Although suffering through hours of paid programming is quite mind numbing.
"Can I have the electronics department?" NEWSFLASH THE WHOLE STORE IS YA MORON
np! I'm doing all right for my last few days in grad school. We don't know each other IRL do we? I hope I didn't forget!
It's a very special Firkin today - Hopsauce Double IPA dry hopped with Columbus. Get firkin "sauced" tonight at 5pm!
Thanks Drew for great moderating, and everybody for wonderful fast and furious dialog!
what up man!! Been crazy busy but getting back on track bro!!
ihave a shell....and theres a reason as to why noone has cracked it
Just because you know how to use google translate, doesn't mean you know how to speak another language. Just sayin'.
Thanks for
Is there a way to access the full name of an iOS twitter account using ACAccount class?
thanks for all of the follower just trying to get up to 500 now kk love ya bye
The only thing that can save us is ourselves, with a little help from each other.
chillin mane. We've been good mane. Still out here grindin knomtalmbout. How have you been?
Are you encasing your taxi in protective wood during NATO?
aha! I always wondered why some people prefer chopped. I dislike chopped.
Thank you! RT .. Thanks for the follow! Good luck on the tri training!!
Did you know just about anything you purchase online has a coupon code that saves from 10% to 50%.
snow, snow, snow
Taco Bell in Humboldt is open till midnight or later, but that doesn't mean you should go!
I did!! Will be meeting Mr. tonight!!
Yesterday was a positive day #thankful lets make today even better #humble and
Poped a lense out of my glasses. this week gets so much better
just tweeting maybe. what about you?
If you've ever considered Invisalign and can swing $149/month interest-free, might want to check out SD channel 6 between 9-9:30AM today.
BEST Tweet ever, music to our ears!
thats how it was when I got mine off! I feel ya man
how am I spending my halloween night? In sweats with a cup of coffee, coding... I know
We miss you guys.
I love you! <3
Itus for the night me 2 RT : ...but I'm bout to K.O
That is so sweet ! :)
I'm so sorry to hear of your loss. I lost my Nana years ago, and still miss her terribly.
Thanks for all of the fun toy mash-ups today peeps! Join us again next Friday for more fun combinations!
The hirshhorn was amazing. My head is full of art. Kara walker lecture on wed and randall packer in feb
If Batman was to take the belt around his waist off, and come around me acting tough id blow his face off.
fishers dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors fishers indiana dryvit companies fishers, fishers dryvit companies, dryvit repair fishers
are you ever going to tell Sierra she is pretty, have you? Just curious.
Come join team street fair tomorrow!
Bunches of new Followers! Thank U! I followed ya back. So what's 4 breakfast! Haven't eat in about 2 hrs. Had a snack 5 mins ago. Hungry.
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDARS: Monday, December 26...only class of the day will be the 9 am. Happy Holidays!
For $300 that chair should not only be comfortable it should also make ice cream. That said it does look pretty awesome. Thanks!
A beautiful cover!!
gave a great talk on leadership today in Gwinnett County GA.
Lolol! It fits you
over it. bring me food tomorrow after work. gracias muchachaa
Thank for the #ff love!
Lack of std westerly headwind means relaxed/delayed boarding for CA-bound flights that will still arrive early. Can't complain I guess...
I've only roughed it. No campers for me. Well, I did shower & all at the public facility but that's all.
Thank you to all our amazing sponsors! We could not have done this without you! #WellsFargoHere+Now
Wow, still excited from the amazing event yesterday courtesy of Florida Business Sharks. We can't wait to do it all again!
i would laugh until i die
DAMN right i got lame Niaaaaa be quite
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
FB: Grads who have teaching cert. + MLIS: Lake Orion Comm. Schools seek sub media specialist from Feb-June 2012 on Tuesdays & Thursdays.
uhmm yea u do:)
had no idea that he doesn't have a star yet, that's crazy!
SciAm: "New Efforts to Unite Quantum Mechanics with Einstein's Relativity". EM: It is impossible to unite what is already united in reality.
Does anyone else feel like inflicting pain upon their self after watching Cee Lo Green on #TheVoice ?
Thank you and good night.
Got a back rest for my drum throne...best investment ever!
I actually don't give a crap. :)
$300 fine for smoking in the apartment. LL can't charge random fines, can only charge for actual damages, but threatening eviction. Risk it?
RT : Welcome new IAN member J. Naomi Ay #author of "The Two Moons of Rehnor" Series
love you too:)
I vote for Act 3
The Circle of Life will forever remind me of haha
Is Seattle Public Library director Nancy Pearl the coolest librarian ever? Hell yes, she's got her own action figure!
Yaya my subscription to paper bag weekly just came in, and they have an article on the scotlands paper bag!!!
Don't forget to sign up for our Summer Reading Programs for adults and children! Ask for more information at the circ desk. Great prizes!
#2DAYS UNTILL BOYFRIEND COMES OUT ! AH IM SO PROUD OF YOU <333
So tired. If I'm sick this weekend, I just might cry.
what is the meaning of this word...idea?
So the pizza guy comes to the door. I happen to look down and he has on no shoes #epicfail smh
SEC Top 10 Out-Of-Conference Games - CockyTalk
First Thursday, yeah boy! Looking forward to a good night of drink, laughs and art.
You too?!? Weird.
Picked up some 3yo white cheddar + other goodies
That 7 year old on the drapes was the best so far
Never ever met a guy so fly, got me hooked like apple pie. I think I'm falling and I don't know why, but I won't fight these butterflies.
most #awesome #glee episode ever a gaga cover and a queen cover. hope there is a next season.
if you see it before me rt or dm it to me.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
Ziggler has reminded me of Curt Henning since day one, but he is a tad more athletic. Curt was a better technician though.
I just became a Directioner yesterday and I'm so excited about it... I need an official One Direction fan baptism or something...
Ok I will friend request you
Very, very excited!
(control.) sounds so good, I can't wait for an album. omg 2 more days aahhh I'm excited.
hahaha you like it?
thank you. Are you in San Diego?
97% of people say “fith” instead of “fifth”.
aha I dont really like history and im always geting yelled at in ela
Everything we touch, Steelebeak... everything we touch.
Good Morning Tweeitnam!!!!!!
good...we are always here praying for you!!! Have a goodnite I have 4 massages tomorrow : )
I commend my soul to the infinite mercy of God. Christoph W Von Gluck
i'll need to hang out in the Walmart parking lot if we don't get this closing date soon. they let you sleep there overnight.
Follow my smokin' hot jamaican bestfranddd
Georgia is in for FUN TIMES, Enjoy!
Today Jules was jamming out to Ben Harper and Jack Johnson. Girl after my own heart. Curious George soundtrack is a favorite of ours.
I'm always amazed at the personal details people will tell a complete stranger at an airport.
Woke up to a puddle of cat vomit and ants. Gonna be a good day.
ULEC=Empowerment Force! In the process of getting 100+ residents jobs.If you didn't know this is a movement, you def. know now.Why not join?
What year is this, 2006? Sheesh...
adoption cost
Having my own unofficial after-fight party @ Bardot tonight.
Defending Artest makes you look bad IMO. It was obvious he elbowed him with intent to hurt him. This will be his 4th SUSP.
Great being connected, and looking forward to having you attend my #acting #modeling #workshop in Baltimore.
feel like I'm gonna puke
": At the end of the day either you join the revolution or you remain a part of the decaying old guard." #OWS is ageless, join!
regardless of the storyline, how is that even possible of not knowing this event overall. It's a general topic. I'm just at a loss
To Sharon: This may be the hardest mother's day for anyone, ever. We love you.
you know more than anyone that if he wins none of this little uproar will matter
I'm down to meet! Maybe a late lunch Thursday if you guys are free? Or I might be able to do drinks tomorrow nite.
Leftover Carp?
If Noels and shabbaz did what was best for them and a NBA future they would choose Kentucky
": After the release of her video "Friday," Rebecca Black was bullied into being home-schooled." wtf...
the coca cola lounge thing !
#novEMPIRE Can't wait for 's upcoming release! Also the preview of their new single "Voices" sounded EPIC!!!!!!
Tonight the PW Trio is playing at Herzog Wine Cellars in Oxnard ca. Music starts at 7:00pm
I could watch Harry Potter movies every day.
There's nothing worse than giving bad news.
We're ready to rock with The Great '85 LIVE now!! Http://massiverocketradio.com
11 a month we meet my love!
Touring the new #BuschGardens animal care center. Absolutely state of the art and beautiful!
How about Eileen Wilks World of the Lupi series. I love Lily and Rule.
Our truck is supposed to be fixed in the morning. Thank God! I'm so ready to get out of Okalhoma City. This is the most boring place!
Finally made it to #occupyPhilly. Amazing energy and enthusiasm all around. I feel very hopeful for USA and the world tonight.
come on, let me finish my work quickly~
Miss you too. A walk with you to your harbor is on my bucket list :)
WHHAATT?!?! *My white girl voice* Lol
it's pretty amazing how you can prioritize and choose things without even thinking about it. the subconscious rules more than we know
Buy for a worry free rental.
RT : Last question, #thinkers.. A fun one! Q5: Whos your favorite #designer? Why? Give em a shout-out, hooray!
polygamy is not legal in Mexico, nor considered moral. Very catholic country.
Today's lunch special is a $5 club sandwich! Even #Greeks love #Bacon!
“: Listening to a podcast on the app!!!! Great teaching on a MUST-HAVE app!! Download NOW!”
Camp is right on free trade. Let's hope he can bring his party along with him.
I'm back from a great trip in Nashville TN, Music capital of the world!
RT : iPad showcases your application’s artwork, so you should consider hiring a professional artist to create first-rate graphics.
Puffiness around the eyes is often a sign of allergy.
I'm at B'More County School Brd meeting; set to vote on plan 2 build a school at Mays Chapel. Could also decide to "table" or delay the vote
Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world.
Some ladies look good in spandex.
I think she making me feel like a stoner too. Look at the set! What the?
is it only on logo cable or can we catch it online?
I wanna lick those body of austin. hahahah
Again, on the same wavelength. Probably a low, low Bb.
Do you think Fleury and Bryzgalov just look at each other during breaks and think, "Man, we're not good at hockey."
i think the didache means to include killing the fetus even before birth.
ah i hate you. did you take a picture with him (: #Jelous -_-
Just got out of dress rehearsal for the show! Have to be on vocal rest tomorrow. We'll see how that goes haha
One day, the right people will have the spotlight and the wrong people won't have anything to say.
message me bakk and tell me what you wanted to tell me
JESSICA STOP RETWEETING THE HELEN KELLER TWITTER. OMG IM DYING
I wish some of my followers would just talk to me
I am just trying to understand what comes with that membership level that doesn't come with ... no membership.
very good suggestion!
OMG! DONT TURN OUT THE LIGHTS IS ON MY RADIO!
How is it 11am and I'm ready for lunch?
ME too!! I played their song 300ish times today to celebratee! RT YOU ARE ON GLORIANA'S WEBSITE! #FreakingOut:)
four chapters behind in Dracula.
Our House! | RT : #awesomehusband and I on our way to #recallwalker rally in Madison! Whose house?
Thank you for sharing our post yesterday!
Have a question about your business #security? DM us your questions
ah malcolm x park fountain is apparently on so i pretty much plan on living there this weekend
Listening to #chiodos while i sleep >>>>>>
It's tax time! Don't forget: If you have contractors helping you in your business, you may need to send out 1099's very soon.
At the start of intermission hear Ted Sohier talk with tonight's conductor and composer, Andre Previn
whaaaaaaaaaaattttttt?!?! So jealous
New client! - Follow for the funny
is there gonna be a season 3? Cuz I just miss watching your show soo much cuz I could actually relate to it
first #FAIL with Zimbra/Twitter.. slip of the enter key.
Falling in love with Minecraft again... Again.
no worries.
Wow, just wow...way to start the day on a horrible note.
Any of the blues ones include Belfour? "What's Wrong With You" remains one of my favs of the '00s.
thanks! I want more traffic for them.
is that even possible? I love you a lot!
Phew. Hot out there today.
OH! AND BY THE WAY!
So I'm back in Dallas for 2 weeks for Christmas!! Miss my family && my family as well.. See you all soon :)
What's with the Aussie accents in these sunsweet raisin ads? Are they trying to Geico gecko me? Are raisins now coming from Australia only?
Best dunk of the night was by DeMar DeRozan. Blake's car/choir stunt was too cartoonish.
We are following you. :)
New case got here
Awww I love Demi! Can't wait to see miley
Where my chefs at yo? (my peeps are too quiet)
Gooodmorning world :) hope everyone has a great day'
I have the same relationship lol
so where would they trade melo to? What about the kings? They need a good forward!!! They would welcome him! Or even the cavs?
My dog just busted my lip cause he's so scares of the lighting and thunder. -_-
Thank you for the RT. It's a dirty job but someone has to guard the #FancyFeast :o)
hey thank you! Just got back from LA recorded a new original song, can't wait to share it.
hell yea it was a hell of a day ..wen we gone get n da yo
I love Subway because of Austin. <U+2665>
Check out our new website www.slyderfootball.com for the future in tailgating and game room fun!
Wait, why am I watching SMASH right now!?!
Feeling good right now
We will be back up within 5-10 minutes!
A clock-work david.
« Happy bday to my fab friend , founder and creative genius behind the equally fab ! Have an amazing day, sis!!
I'd say similar, but look for FB to go way up before it normalizes - people are chomping at the bit.
Sleep to dream, Goodnite :)
We have the same barcode affixed to the iPad, the cable, the charger and the case so it is checked out as a unit.
I wanted it to be better, was disappointing. Only heard 2 new bits. Wawawaaaa
One moment can change everything...for better or worse. Be wise in what you do and WHO you do it with! ~RM
Women need to stop looking for guys to sweep them off their feet...sweeping is their job
This rain isn't gonna rain on our parade today! Getting ready to be WHITE HOT tonight The Miami HEAT - REPRESENT!
watching stories of reporters from the Today Show... amazing... it's the same thing at a different level
SP were awful that year. Do remember falling in love with Gabbi #LusciousJackson that year. Hubba
Tri City Piick & Save Ground Beef taste like meat from a cheap frozen dinner. All their ground meat sucks.
Hi When quering a new project to an agent that's passed on a previous full should I mention it in the letter? Thanks!
The art work in this hallway is amazing.
The champagne is a flowin' let's do this thang
you know I'm slow on the up-take.
"What is P.Diddy?" - Claire
Lmfao you did -.- RT : lmfao I told u I was gonna get u back
Today's word of the day, thanks to an exhibit at the Met: peripatetic.
Post more pics of the gallery.
idk it say "the content owner has not made this video available for mobile" or something like that -_-
I agree, Omaha has a great zoo and the Old Market is a good spot to recharge over some pasta at Spaghetti Works.
well, it talks about the wind changes.
thank you so very much<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Waiting game with my dudes
have a very happy birthday and get to feeling better
Happy birthday mama Mahone(:
Facebook launches video chat (partner with Skype). How will that affect education?
Uhh ha YEAH! She is 26 with a bad ass house. Somethin isn't right.
Congress should consider baseline legislation says Maneesha Mithal
EXACTLY!!!!! Everyone seems to forget that!!!!!!
poor baby! thank goodness for sweets!
I have an extra Snack Pack. Just an FYI.
Hey- On Twitter now. Begin the networking! (under 140 characters, that is)
Its not suppose to be this way......thrown for a loop
i have a party bus in miami call me 786 223 1654
Another flawless prediction by the talking heads at
What's up YG, I am Cho-Cho manager. I am trying to get some collaration going . Hit me back ASP
That is one CUTE baby!
At brunch yesterday, a friend gave me a copper cookie cutter in the shape of a cupcake. Guess we're gonna make cupcake-shaped cookies today!
im sleepy
I'm in Indy. St. Elmos is a must, pricey though. Palomino, Oceanairre, what's your favorite type of food?
nigga stop actin like that's not everyday.
wait what... when we're you watching me sleeping? Lol.
Kenny Loggins "Danger Zone" instantly makes me want to be all sorts of productive, fly fighter jets and play competitive sand volleyball.
I'm just disgusted by the barrage of racism directed after his series ending goal last night.
make me shut my face
bears would lose their shit at a hot water music show.
yes ma'am, if you say so. Sigh.
....and if we could put the crossover dress gently to sleep, I'd like that too.
man Huntington b makin me mad. They never kno nothin! How the heck the don't kno where random $$$ cum from.U SHOULD KNOW THIS
or Butterfinger :-D
Armed Executive Protection, I love this gig.
No pressure, but Christmas is a week away. xoxo,
Compared to the other characters she was a little bland.
Why #thevoice is better than Idol? 1 hr finale show versus 3 hr finale show
Yes, it is most definitely all about hard work :).
The music on today makes me feel like I'm back at a junior high canteen, without the awkward slow dance songs.
sweet foxy baby! very fun,thanks for pics
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
I'm so cool most of my texts are from Twitter
First day of my big girl job tomorrow. Feels like the night before the first day of school. Butterflies!! So excited and nervous!
I won't give up on us Even if the skies get rough I'm giving you all my love I'm still looking up
My birthday is in 3 days! :D
Jamming to paramore so much earned me the nickname "Riot"
Awww, you are always welcome! #Cheers and enjoy your Monday (is it the weekend yet)
What makes you think we ever had @ andersoncooper? Remember, TeaNN pays his salary.
Yes, Caro's massive LBJ bio could have been shorter by a third. But then it would have been written by another author.
Cronkite, Lucille Ball, Oprah and Homer Simpson
oh clever! Ha yep gonna be a good night :)
You're so welcome, it'll stay w/me for a long time. V important for people to know. Sending good thoughts that you're done!
this is why i complain about pc's. :/ i want a mac ^^
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina "Harry Vagina and the deathly hollows"
Butch with a huge block and he followed it up with an assist to Trey Johnson to put Bakersfield up 87-68
haha thanks! I wrote it for my English class
DUDE IT'S ME! CHECK YOUR DM!!
Exciting RT Congrats to , , , and you are the winners of products!
Let's watch The Lion King yes?! Yes! :D
Same story year after year.
Just because I point out that you're easily distracted by "bright & shiny" things, that doesn't necessarily mean I'm insulting you.
She's a fighter when she's mad, and she's a lover when she's lovin' and she's everything I've ever wanted <U+2665>
I'm here!
getting ready for school tomorrow.-___- what are you doing tonight?(:
NO MORE COMMERCIALS, I JUST WANT JUSTIN.
why are you so fine ?
Yo what good Fam? I am Bri's manager and I am hitting you up about her doing a radio interview
lol them colors smooth
Ward puts the up 10-8 with three seconds to go in the third quarter.
love it!
Alex: Are you ready to leave perfect weather? Me: It's nice in RI too... Alex: I said, are you ready to leave PERFECT weather? Me: No...
25 more minutes to sign up for the tattoo giveaway from Hardluck! Good luck to all! We will announce the winner tomorrow!
Do Join GALLERY M beginning July 7.
I saw something that reminded me of you... I started cryin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> but then again I remember all the crap you did to me a year ago
Looking forward to connecting!
Haha this boy looks like a carrot
Thanks and welcome, Tianna!
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn - so very true!
Whew. Promotional tweeting is HARD WORK!
finally made it into continuos integration BoF at #DrupalCon, so far it's a "why" lecture than discussion of "how"
hell yeah its our time I'm gonna have a toast for u its all luv # TEAMTAURUS
i gotta hit it tonight cuz i'm only in town for the night
Done for the semester!
RIP Etta James. God needed a R&B singer. ;-(
didn't know they made it that big!
a beautiful day in the 719.. about to be in the 843.
Might need to get a number 33 jersey... too far? (or not far enough :P )
Some qbs quiver when they look across the line at him. "Don't he know we're on the same team?" Leonard Shapiro Washington Post Aug, 1978
float on ma niggas
Real niggas use straws!
“: True friends are the people who brighten your smile everytime your with them.”
cause he just makes me so happy :)
Hockeys back go to www.watchnhllive.com the links will be up to watch all your hockey games live for free,just register and enjoy!!!
I'm going to the session on educating special ops forces. I'd tell you why I'm interested but then I'd have to kill you
you're gorgeous! sending lots of love from Seattle, WA! night! x
Pandora is on point..
Same to you, Lynn! Congrats on all (and thanks for the retweet of my new Interiors of a Courtyard recording!) Stay in touch!
Happy National Butterscotch Brownie Day! Yum :)
thank goodness they edited santorums speech for the news he went on forever way too long, it was painful and confusing
Thanks for the follow BNI! If any of your members need funding they can post on !
I miss Baltimore so goddamn much.
But he was gonna hate me? He was gonna UNFOLLOW me?? Guess that little plan failed?? #KarmasABitch #SorryNotSorry (:
Carolina people! We've got til midnight to vote for SC girl Elise Testone on Amer Idol. Gotta keep her out of the bottom! Call 866-436-5704!
: What's your location? Your phone is going to voicemail. I finished up earlier than I expected.
what sort of cost and minimum hardware requirement would i be looking at?
Oh i swear to you.......I'll be there 4 you..... This is not a driveby
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain. :)
RT : Original paintings priced at $100 visit www.timhovde.com for details THANKS FOR THE RETWEET!
Phone off, neck kinda hurt, and now boring ass ECON to top it off...gosh cant wait till April 27th.....only days away...
LIVE at 8pm SAT on C-SPAN3: uncorks the HISTORY OF ALCOHOL IN AMERICA annual meeting in Milwaukee. WATCH & LEARN.
Wait…the same Klein that used money, earmarked to reduce class size, to increase number of charters?
ugh frustrated with this Sky thing !!! Too bad it wasn't Jana that went volcano diving :)
I want my nails to be another color
Thank you so much for walking with me! You're one amazing lady! Love you Alli B.
I bet you are
After you've done all you can JUST STAND, sing Donnie
Like selling a car. If you list it over price, you have a good chance of getting what you wanted in the first place.
Congrats on your award last night!
I hate mornings
anyone in the dfw interested in getting a photo shoot for $20 including behind the scene video, contact me asap this offer is this week only
Looks like you found better friends
All I want right now is to listen to Animal Collective & Vashti Bunyan's 'Prospect Hummer' EP and hold a cat
While his change in policy is good news, I'm pretty sure everyone suspected that #Obama was secretly pro-gay marriage for a while now.
you too!!
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
Panera Bread needs to bring back the strawberry & chicken salad now. Also, the lemon flower cookies wouldn't hurt either.
i am currently a librarian. With the economy as it is i hope as a librarian
Our reservation is in an hour. Any left?
Up late kickn ass in this #Call Of Duty #MW3...Playstation ID spidermantical
Omg I'm obsessed with Prince Royce now. #CorazonSinCara C:
FINALLY eating...
Had a great day today @ the creek!!! Two more days off, what to do what to do ??;-&#41;
I'm going to need it to get dark out so I can put this child to bed. I need to write a paper.
cool! I will add it to the RVA-ish list!
Steve used to say, #PlacesIveHadSex in the mouth, in the bum, in the vag and in your mum! don't know if that is true, but is amused me!
excited for lunch with at today! major catching up to do!
We have officially started a waiting list for new students. We're accepting resumes for piano instructors to fill an immediate position. Se…
James Jones holdin' it down!!
man jeydon! you make me wanna go to timmies now! even though i live in the u.s. of a. LMFAO!
RT : What is your favorite SWV song? -
I miss hanging out with my boys
got an email to send content to?
Don't like it, no one will, but I understand why and will continue to support you and The Colts as well as 18 where ever he goes
never take anything I say seriously:-)
Nah..it didn't work out. She fell in love with that guy...you know that Captain VonTrapp fellow! ;)
I'm up Need my MEDS ! Who's up ?
so it went ot OT?
Karoline Khamis is spinning @ 2nd Annual Pink Ink Event @ Massive Tattoo(cameron/hacienda) 40$ pink ribbon related tats!
12th grade mission to grow "dreds" #epic fail
happy b!!!
I'm copyrighting Hi Entropy and Low Entropy Transform HELE - It's changing a pile of sand into glass. The glass is brittle.
dude are u from LA Puente >>>??
do you follow back? thought so
Stays 15-14 Cal at half. Ducks D and passing game will have to step it up. They way they're playing, a 1-point deficit is a gift.
When do libraries need to advocate? All the time! We are all advocates!
And what about messages warning "somebody's saying something bad about you" with a link attached. Why would I want to click that?
The message of the cross is foolish to those who are headed for destruction! But we who are being saved know it is the very power of God.
Who's talking about the rotary phone!?
yes, still planning to start a new venture, working on identifying a viable idea - got any?
AFterthoughts of bday party. Awesome that police came to house. More awesome that they liked the really loud music!
thing I spend too much time doing #133: designing each semester's office-hours door placard using seasonal borders in MS Word.
gurl what we gone do for our birthday!!!
A lot of energy just went into locating the Sprinkles Cupcakes ATM. Thank goodness, we found it.
NEGATIVE lol “: lol it's ok to be Americanized a little bit”
Just saw Cody on the preview for the next Punk'd! (:
NationalLibrarian of Israel: To get collaboration, we need more ego- less institutions. #cjh -a2i
But Funny doesn't fade. Plus you're probably better in bed.
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs Black Boobs
I wanna make a Sims version of me and Alexa and make us fuck a lot and have many brown babies.
Stop in Olsen's today at 3:30 for free beer samples!
ROC Public Relations wishes you and yours a safe New Year's Eve and a happy, healthy 2012!
I would rather have a million friends than a million dollars. -Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
Good morning all. Here's to a great day!
Thank god for muscle memory for that Hedo 3.
What the eff :/
What kind of bee can't be understood ?A mumble bee !
To that lucky jackpot winner in Baltimore County, no charge to plan your celebration. I'd just like to have fun with it. Hit me!
Weird. I dress up like that every Halloween. My limited vocab friends and neighbors hate it.
I use animated gifs like people use emoticons. Its the next evolution in communication.
#MikeBrown if Cleveland didn't want it; what make u think LA would love it! Coach's dream LJ and KB still can't close the deal! GottaGo!
I think it's funny you @ my brother there ha
Ramen!!! Out of the box on this one. :)
Come hang with the L.A. Proper cast at Beverly Center for
Depending on whose idea keeping Inge around in Spring Training was Leyland may deserve it. Who hates Raburn?
your car is running so rich it is giving me a headache just following you.
My best friend is now a Dad. Everyone congratulate and retweet this. Congrats my friend!
#oomf change boyfriends more than they change they draws!!
Halligan Bar $2.50 Well and Call Drinks tonight! 6 Day's till Paddy's Day!!
Today's finally Friday, I'm so ready to sleep in!
awww.. I feel bad. At least you can teach your child not to be like you.
the sane create cages, the insane live in them
I think it was more of an angle, thankfully...still a very bad hit that appeared to collapse the SAFER barrier to the concrete
what she get? Did she accept??
me too most definitely!!!
There you go beatiuful.following the cherry id like to eat! ;]
check out for awesome pix of our new space on campus- the welcome center -opened on Mon!It's got an awesome video & cool swag!
haha ok Fine!
Jury is out still.Do we know that wasn't for political reasons too but that looks like a classic flip flop..oh boy!
Yes. Catching up on things around the house. :)
U should stop reading the tweets out loud to ur self lol Jk RT : If I can just go one week without losing my voice!!! Ah
Po Po rolling deep at gold star.
a_lex_uh Thanks for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
Good source for acapellas?
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on a rope.
Is Derrick Rose the Next Michael Jordan? GQ May 2012 Cover Story: Profiles: GQ...
Robert Shiller In my book, I got in trouble talking abt #goldmansachs Read 90yo John Whitehead's book LIFE IN LEADERSHIP
overheard at LSP: CJ Sapong's car is really crappy. Better step your game up
Damn, YouTube app. Suppose to be singing "I say A Little Prayer for You". Oh well! :(
Thanks to all who came out to Saturday night. We had an awesome time playing with and !
Oklahoma, and OU espically very awsome places with great people... Hopefully my masters degree interview gets me there
One of my students who stutters VOLUNTEERED to talk on the mic in front of the whole school today & he didn't get stuck once!
At a school assembly for vets today. Despite what we've seen this week, we live in a good world with good people. Thanks to all veterans.
I want a bunny soo bad.
going up
I am thinking I need more sleep
I think you can bear going to one place every once in awhile that doesn't have a bar.
"Man or Muppet" won Best Original Song at the Academy Awards last night.
she said no -.- time to go cry to my dad LOL
RT It's no surprise that improving quality of school environments can have a powerful effect on student achievement.
I wonder if went through an internship process? DK is doing one more round of them now! Ask your RA for more info!
Glad to hear your son is OK!!! My girl had an ER visit in June for a broken arm. Terrible but makes one grateful for nurses+docs
analyze the situation, understand the situation, address the situation or CUT the situation! ;) know ur worth hun
NT swore by him. And this dude makes up words like Emmitt.
come to Madison WI where we're keeping the temperature high on Walker and company
that's called Hardcore Sitting and Google Aaron Fotheringham --they reinvent the rap:-)
#3 is the hands down winner!
": Only female mosquitoes suck blood."
I remember when I found out middle school had no recess I was too upset
That's what happens when you use promo code "Guzio"
Are you a sweet or savory flavor person, ?
well, we might have a project to do together.
Fat Pat - So Real
I'm doing "On My Mind" for my school talent show!!! I'm so excited!!!! If I post a video of it, will you watch it?? :)
see ya there
you have to give me lessons...I'm a dork...help!!
Its worst cuz when she with em she think of me but she won't leave cuz they in too deep
How did Joe Walsh get such good seats?
i aint take my pics yet but somebody suposed to do it for me but ill chek out ya work u got link
at just taught me a new plural for cow, and I am from
Freeney only dangerous one, Sanders ALWAYS injured, Addai a bust. Ayers will= Mathis w/ this offense.Bailey,Doom, Von,DJ,Fox
I do "like" that article. "Once, there was something called a point of view..." Yikes!
I hate when they let ghetto people use the intercoms
Cheers to the freakin' weekend w & at No Idea Bar. #itismyfriday!!!
(: have you been to Buc-ee's?
So sick of STUPID BITCHES. I quit.
What a fucking day.
can i please get a happy birthday? <3 (:
Shut my door you stupid whore!- my mom hahahahaha
Avocados are the best! It's like a little thing of healthy butter. :) Also, guacamole.
Watching Never Say Never. I will never stop loving and supporting this boy no matter what.
I HAVE contacted support and I'm not getting any answers. I need to know what's going on with my money NOW please
Still time this evening for VIP night at the Scholars Inn--buy one/get one free on all appetizers every Tuesday!
Still surprising to me RT : The Office will be back for 22 episodes this fall. It is not detemined if this will be the final season.
Yoga peeps. I just found out about the Wanderlust Festival at Lake Tahoe this summer at the end of July. Has anyone ever been?
I think we are going in like 4 weeks or something like that?
right nows: say lol right now
Anyone have ideas for a last minute date tonight? I'm scrambling to figure something out!
Schools, universities (and libraries?) need to facilitate learning by doing. Mitzi Montoya: Stop divorcing engineering from tech.
I know, right? SIGH. Wedding planning. Going to el valle this weekend. You gonna be around?
I 2nd that
can you a dm with your email address or follow me so I can drop you business note.
It took me a while, but I'm finally getting the Nook commercials. Now that I get it...not bad.
Uugggghhhh do I really have to go outside and look at the sky for astronomy. It's so cold.
Where is your favorite spot in #SouthFlorida to grab a quick, delicious lunch? May we suggest Nature's Way Cafe?
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to The Office online streams on HD
Everything was deleted off my phone.
TWiTTER DON'T EXCiTE MEH ANYMORE; iT JUST GiVE MEH SOMETHiNG TO DO...#<U+270C>
We are hiring for a serving position and a bartending position immediately. Please email resumes to .
God's grace and mercy is free for everyone, no matter how scandalous your past. He's all about second chances!
:O you are the luckiest person in the world.
that is beautiful! You have a job after basketball!
well you all have a very good night .. see you tomorrow.....
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out!
Clicking a Facebook link or searching Google for credit card processing is a good way to get a deal right? Want to know how it really works?
Single most important skill 4 any person that does anything w/ #online mrkting - good HTML skills. I'd be in world of trouble right now w/o!
Haven't worn my subway stuff in mo this and it still smells like bread...
After this week, I've about had my fill of swamps.
Everything in my refrigerator is frozen due to the drop in temperature outside
OMG can't wait to see which of these amazing people will win love them all
I'm in a ridiculously good mood today :D
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
How is my beautiful cuz doing this morning?
looking forward to seeing you guys on Friday ! #willTJbethereohplsohpls???
not cool D ;)
It's a gray day!
Wait, what??? Also picked up the Zink issue with and Oh, Kelso..
I miss seeing these two fuckers together, never have i seen something equal these two live. < 3
That's what I like to here!
More reason to love ! :) RT The Gauchos, The Poets, & The Little Giants...just some of the strangest college mascots!
Should be working on my Marlowe chapter, but I'm having the urge to finally read John Bale.
You will see them so soon.
I Know For Sure That 2012 Is Your Year.<3
not gonna lie, I'm kinda jealous.
Thanks for the follow, Nadine. Nice to see you again.
go pix mix!
And to you! : ~ PEACE Be With You my Friends To Freedom, & TYVM4 the MT's. *
Holy crap ... I've got a lot of season finales to get through tonight. Thank god for the DVR -- and its inventor Douglas Vincent Rader, Jr.
It feels like April outside. I'm all for that.
interested to see what you guys are doing
or charging by the pound!..& extra for carts/strollers/etc..
Nice to have everyone on the Eli bandwagon with me. Welcome. It was lonely here in 2004
when is Andy joining the team, we need him big time now with Pineda out for the year.
<U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken <U+2714> I'm saving myself for
Wow. Just seen a random man riding a horse down the street with two dogs.
This chick got a pancake ass! Lol
How do your allergies impact your life?
So #mittromney If you don't remember holding down and cutting hair off a kid, what HS events are big enough for you to remember?
Playing a late night game of bag in hole with the fire house? OK! Don't mind if I do!
I hav 2 really watch my mouth when I hear garbage abt Obama. ": distorting history."
1.5 hours left to pack
Internet wasn't working at game. We were in 314. Looks like you got some face time
Thanks to #CleGiveCamp we are getting a brand new #Wordpress website! Thank you everyone!
aishah miller: this is what the #beyondhunger conference is all about - getting YOUR voice heard and have great conversations
ok just watched eclipse and yep im right...jacob rules!!
no you not
I wish I knew how to not be broken anymore.
Good advice: A woman's heart is as tender as a man's balls. Don't break hers and she won't break yours...
Our conflicts with others reflect the inner conflicts we have with ourselves. Being honest with ourselves we open up to others.
Don't forget the event is tonight at 6:30 PM.
i like urs way more:)
“: I really wish I couldve talked more with ya...” me 2! We will do it again
Passover: ponder both the terrible cost of sin and also the tremendous redemptive love & power of a God determined to set his people free.
you have gauges?
Sometimes I wish would look at her phone.
Y is my computer full of random pictures of other people's lives. I just spent an hour deleting faces I don't even recognize. Weird.
hope you saw earl the 135lbs
": Yahoo!!!!!! Just submitted $100k grant through work for praying it gets approved!!"//so awesome! Praying!
#PlansForTheSummer go to Cedar Point
pffft yeah, but I don't have vinyls of my band... Or even more, a record player. Oh and I don't like Justin Timberlake.
Happy new year anneke!
Ha! Good answer. :P
What's the link? We'd be happy to "like" your page too. We also have an alumni business listing, if you're interested.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who calls the boyz my babies(:
Can't be open on Saturday. Hurts.
DO NOT LOSE FOCUS!
You can come with me Sam
Good. RT "@ Payal_P: Another loss for Chicago. Bulls went from favored to win it all to the brink of elimination in the first round."
is that good?
Need a new color for the office walls
layoffs are a hard thing to experience and watch go on. My heart goes out to everyone.
Take that Canada
#Shaka Smart is the new Mark Few. Don't be critical of someone for being satisfied and content with life. Not everyone is greedy.
thanks. how should i get in touch with you? (or send me a message on FB or email, ).
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough -Frank Crane
Amen! Please pass the offering plate! LOL.
Holy fucking D line.
Wanna win a 51' tv from Paul's tv? Text "TUNE" to 25543 right now
Earlier testimony today by teacher Eleanor Miano related Loni's first telling of abuse to Miano and subsequent intervention of CPS.
I know it's wrong to laugh in a person's face but sometimes I just can't help it.
You ain't even that bad
(4 of 5, #igniteSmithsonian) Thank you all for coming to town and making time to share your thoughts with our community.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
Dare you to wait till noon for a Jack. RT : Beautiful Day today. Time for Weezy and I to hit the pick 6. Derby day baby.
you've hit me enough times to make me think you quit smoking everyday I've seen you.
imagination is more than knowledge only if you want to ignore/hide truth, but together with truth they are pure creativity
Do you ever feel like there is so much to do but never enough time to do it?
If your engagement gets called off does the woman have to give back the engagement ring? VOTE by replying with #yes or
Where's your job interview going to be at??
I love that song, me and my sister went to see when she came to jersey and it was awesome. :)
at caps game for friend's (surprise) b-day celebration. happy birthday jeff!
rather than CORRECTION. :)
EEk. Can't wait to hear what you think, Evan! Have a great time!
Storms moving in. will have the latest on which areas will receive the most rain. at 5:30 on
Thanks! Glad to help!
John Daily... I hate to burst your bubble, watching your show does not make me want to fuck
I'm going to start it up right now, I'll let you know!
Who this nigga Sam gotta date with?
Swimming by yourself < swimming with friends.
Elia Goat - Performing at this April's The Heights Music Festival - 4/6 & 4/7
Ever see sum1 so weird looking U hope police just arrest em on the spot. "if this dude hasnt bathed in blood yet...he's planning to"
Live without pretending. Love without depending. Listen without defending and speak without offending.
Go into a field, esp. medical, b/c you love it and there is nothing else you can imagine doing... never b/c its a good job...
Battier is in. no wonder...
A4 What works for one artist or in one venue may be distracting for another artist or venue. Know your audience!
Execution of Minor Convicted of Murder: Cruel & Unusual Punishment? 2005 #SCOTUS Oral Argument: ROPER v. SIMMONS. Sat 6pm ET on
just told me he was in the Hospital and broke both legs... I was so scared for u.. Then he tells me hes kidding
The measure of one's soul is not something that can be seen, it is something felt by those in your life. - Trog
Ha, sounds like the pressure is on! #gameon cc:
Good morning #Indy! Special shoutout 2 our newest followers: & ! A fantastic hotel & a unique wine experience!
looking forward to see if it still holds some terrorpower
Us Capricorns are usually attracted to those who can loosen us up a little bit. I wonder who I hang with who fits this description?? lol
Leyland was probably looking at Porcello's pitch count which was 103 pitches. Still a good outing for Porcello.
EVERYONE IS MY REAL BROTHER IRL
Charity work? Whenever u feel like u'r not getting what u want out of life, think about the last time u helped someone less fortunate.
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen i watch videos on youtube
why we remember this a decade later is beyond me. but that wb show also had Kate moenning from the L word...so,points for that!
im done with him
Social Centric will be back shortly!
It's National Margarita Day! Come in and enjoy one of our house-made margaritas!
Seeking an Assistant Director of Compliance with technical proficiency in all bank regulatory compliance matters and 3-5 years experience!
Create an environment for success with your words....you will become what you speak.....!......
re: cookie promise w/o follow through. I agree completely. how rude.
That was very sweet, Shauna. Thank you.
. Collaboration can make writing faster and richer. It's good for interdisciplinary thinking and diversity of perspective.
Yup. Do you hate me now? Haha
I will never forgive you.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
It's RadioBedlam tonight and every Tuesday at 7pm. #openmic #belltown. Free 12oz drink for performers who sign up.
Rip #55 RT : Poice are investigating Junior Seau's death as a suicide.
Wondering....will I ever see #7bbi again....h
Babe we're eating the same thing.
I know this Universe will never be perfect...but sometimes it feels perfect.
happy b-day! Hope its great :)
also: I have emptied all my files in the filing cabinet in preparation of next year's GA...
Riding to Fridays for and company for his birthday. Happy birthday Yams <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. — Isaac Asimov
I hate you Peyton Manning.
On The road !
Rick ross same damn time>>>>!!!
Well, glad I got singing "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" at karaoke out of my system tonight FOREVER.
nothing lasts forever. so love it while you got it. and live it like tommorrow is your last day.
yeah team bopper! Glad they won't be last again.
13. I HVE SOME FRIENDS THT IVE BEEN FRIENDS WITH FOR YEARS, BUT NEVER MET THEM FACE 2 FACE.
u should care because u r a cutting edge social media loving kind of guy!
yeah we should!! Sweet dreams babe (; talk to you soon
Gomez looks like he tweaked something. Hopefully not too bad.
i love those little vodka gummy bears.
Do I get a win in Fantasy Baseball for having my 1B get the win in the 17th inning?
“: Abraham Lincoln was a licensed bartender.”
#StillUp..... this trends every night and Ive never responded..so figured Id join the party
“: s/o to my nigga #TeamIphone lol” lol shot out back to u #teamfollowback and
Session done and I'll be back to work in 4 hours No sleep grindin hard
Blake is getting beat up this game
love you too! We should share a bowl on Skype! Haha but really...
Girl Is On My Mind
Then use see what cases cite those cases and contain "syllabus" or "lesson plan."
GREAT vid bro.
miss him?
I don't want followers, obedient people. I want intelligent friends, fellow travelers. ~ Osho
Make money off your list by using advertisements on newsletters and promotions that have a call to action
": Be ready for your opportunity when it comes!"
Doing historical research and knowing how certain stories turn out results in experiencing a lot of dramatic irony.
Hoping this isn't for entire program of lib passes. Have to ask when I return this one. Will be super disappointed.
Just because there is a revolution does not mean media freedom and access to information are automatic.
where are you Rob Ford? You evict #OccupyToronto and not a peep from you. Shameful cowardice
If you want to be a Mason in my lodge, it's not smart to walk up to me and start trlling me what you think you know. Ask me don't tell me
What are the odds? Well , now we know where we will have to go next year . . .
Does anybody know if it's illegal to send somebody a text calling them a cunt? Say for example your boss? Or is it just frowned upon?
SPJ Awards Banquet tickets almost sold out. For real. Get them while you still can. www.spjsandiego.org.
Yes thank you. Now I really want to watch it.
my job is never done...off to Glendale....
VERY clever! Like!
upper tampa bay park for a little while before work.
Good sign Browns will go with Trent Richardson. RT : Minnesota is trading No. 3 pick Cleveland.
Being dead broke is the root of all evil -
im fine with the 1st T...the game was lost with the foul...but you CANNOT get tossed and face possible suspension for game 2
Tonight was a crunk juice kinda night
follow me back please
Yay!! the rain didnt stop our BBQ
Should be the best one yet! Weird seeing just four of them...
Is your mom trying to look young again?? LOL
Oh well lunch is over : (
Enjoy your Sunday and be on the lookout for icebergs.
Conference track meet today !!!! Let's get it !!!
The massage nearly put me to sleep, now I'm
FINAL WEEK OF RUINED! Closes this Sunday. Tickets at 816-531-PLAY or www. unicorntheatre.org.
Yes indeed, though we're looking for intellectual framework at this point, not simply exemplars.
I can't decide. What's the best 4th of July movie?
The things that you do when nobody's looking, is what defines you.
Oh man, I didn't think about the sending pics part
we already went and saw my dad and i screamed "WHO IS THAT STRANGE LOOKING MAN?!" and he turned around and said "ewww"
Claimed turkey carcass from girlfriend's family's Christmas dinner. Next stop - turkey soup!
We bump that b shels shit all day.. not cuz that's my nigga, that shit is just hot!!
Those commercials by Americans Against Food Taxes are funded by Coke, Pepsi, McDonalds, BK and Wendy's. Give Me A Break!
On my way!
Love the new avi!
And the hardest part was letting go
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows...
They should have an eHarmony for people with herpes. That way people with herpes can be with other herpes people. eHerpes.
That's big come from AK! How are tricks?
Haha, I bet you read some of them didn't you?
thanks for the follow and read!
Did I tell you abt Nozze at La Fenice in Oct.? Ended w/ Countess taking header a la Tosca!
I'm a light sleeper but a heave dreamer <3
haha I'm good thanks
Smh had to put my blunt out
deadline was yesterday. Thanks for inquiring though.
The caffeine is BEGINNING to take effect....here it comes....almost....okay. I'm fine. Have a good Wednesday and don't be a dick.
My dog is a re-tard.
well that works too. eating pie for breakfast probably necessitates that. :)
Would live to be getting/givinh some head right now...
I'd rather have 1 hit then 50 fillers!!!
Happy Valentine's Day to the 5000 beautiful people on my former page until 8.26.2010.
Ain't too proud to bee
Its crazy how somebody with NO college education is trying to go on a person who lives with their parents..smh
Pres. Obama: In pursuit of a durable peace, America has no designs beyond an end to al Qaeda safe-havens
B scam alert. If you get a B complaint letter double check the link it wants you to click. It is going to a phishing site. Do NOT click.
need to do a comic movie together i'm in the a email me
": People who are happier are less likely to catch colds."
I do not want to use the YAA Twitter page to go into details but I will discuss this on THIS account next week.
Where u wearin a hat?
A: We have to change the business model. Successful org's will be low-cost, high-quality.
Pryor makes it happen. This is a frustrating drive for Ducks fans, who had OSU stopped twice, but for penalties. And now the Buckeyes....
Gonna go see my dad. So I can get some money.
iPhone auto correct has led my wife and I nipping things in the butt, bus but not bud this evening. Damn auto Corbett.
Shouts go out to theis
learning how to strategize madonna style
it's funny how the bad things we hear about ourselves from others are so much easier to believe than the good ones..
Always better the next day: pasta. Rarely better re-heated: Chinese food. Why is that?
9p, $10, Euclid Tavern, the band Airwaves Ignite and more!
YIPPIE! We will be loading this morning so if we aren't there, pick a spot and toss it in the ground!
If only it was true and you where not just in my dream...
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. Friedrich Nietzsche
Just not feeling it today!!!
I swear Jordan Hill is afraid to dunk the basketball
would love to learn more about your organization! website?
anders osborne another sell-out (advance)
Go home Jeezy.!
feel the same way
“: Wait, when did "cake" become slang for "vagina"?” Wait, what?!?!
Its 2011 ppl just take a shower nothing more needs to be said thank u
#Texas my photographer in Austin on.fb.me/kus0IF
Excited about Gospel at the Gallery Saturday Memorial Weekend. Taking over the Art District. Where they do that at? Las Vegas baby
what's your beer nerd guilty pleasure? 's is Leine's Berry Weiss, but people judge her when she says that.
School is so close to being over.
On line checking my tweets.
And one last thing before I go deal with dinner....well, at least we aren't the Twins.
I hate feeling like this for a guy:(
my mom
Glad you landed safely.
I'm n pain right now is in my hometown 3 mins aways from my home & my mom, my HS friend met him & I'm stuck n Orlando UGH!!
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was getting me to date her.
Good morning world. Time to get up and be productive today
My lawyers will be in touch. Bourbon indeed. Tequila, man.
Riddle: What's the difference between Google and Yahoo!? A: Yahoo! still use that awful exclamation in their name.
Thanks! As an avid traveler, I think your content is really interesting and helpful!
Congrats to our winner What do you want your awesome bag to look like?
I just had a dream that Don Henley showed me his kick ass comic book collection ( he had every fantastic four)
Baseball game should get the win
wow! Versace for commercials are the creepiest thing ever!
Red Velvet milkshake- the perfect afternoon treat!
haha I would hate you if you did that to me.
nope not at all
If a guy never starts a convo with u an whenever you decide to start one there is always a short answer.1 He's Mad or 2.He's not Interested
like totally, omg, that was so awk I almost vommed. jk
How's it feel to get licked
Oftentimes the innovator doesn't win.
DO TELL!
I wish people in silverlake drove more than 5 miles per hour!
Hey #Boston #whisky fans! We'll be at the Royale on Tremont pouring tastes of Eades from 2-6:00. Join us & other spirits co's.
Thank you so much! We love you too, and thanks for riding with us again. :)
no he has a Little blue sign but hes online
Sure, I'll think about becoming a Viking fan this year. Unrelated -- let me go check the temperature in hell . . .
What do you do to fix this Bucks mess? Sadly I'm not sure this is rock bottom yet.
Welcome to the news business. What will you be doing there?
#MoneyMovies "Fast Five"
A walk outside is usually a good place to start for me. RT : How do you just be happy?
I had 6 iPods donated. 1 broken, 3 stolen, 2 left I'm afraid to use. Stolen when I was out of room & it was locked when I left..
Just saw a cop ticket 3 different cars for parking facing the wrong direction on the wrong side of the street.
That dog is only 7 months?!
This happens at papers of record and with opinion columnists that one might not expect--apparently not able to create new work of their own.
#Contraband was much better than I thought it would be! #TheDevilInside, on the other hand, was pure garbage.
#RiseNGrind ... Time to hit up the gym, eat a big breakfast and then finish up more of this work. I'll be able to sleep in a couple days -_-
YES, OF COURSE
teamminaj is a bunch of airheads real squawk! I will defend any REAL female artist that is proven fact better den nicki
Buy Ryan Adams tickets for his show at the Walt Disney Concert Hall, LA on 2-17-2012. Show tickets available at: 888-493-0004
Assyrian Proverb~ The hammer shatters glass but forges steel.
thanks for the RT!!
my eyes are red and puffy, and a refuse to straighten or curl my hair. I look so attractive today.
With and delicious ravioli.
We enjoyed it! :)
This summer will be amazing, no doubt<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>I can't wait!!! #June6 #graduation2012 get here already!!!!!
bro you gone be me they cool tho and I'll throw em some smoke and we will get plugged
Me and Alyssa are so silly sometimes.
Fun time tonight at Chicos Angels! Danny Casillas is so sexy!!
Getting excited figuring out our #sxsw schedule, any suggestions for great panels or events we should attend?
Hey ladies im on :)
Nothing like the morning after a 1 am freak out! Get ready!
Whenever you are sad or depressed , DO NOT listen to Drake . His music will make you feel even worse . Lol
is there a point for me to hang off in the club?
bases loaded for the second time; it's the second inning
Security, safety, trust, privacy, etc. still in W3C pipelines; takes a year or so for tools to catch up
You're too concerned with a small piece of a much larger puzzle.
Nix just faked Kaminsky out of his sneakers. Welcome to the B1G tournament
Good idea! Or maybe I'll just burn it in winter to save on the heating bill....
At #UMW basketball game in the Anderson Center. Are you?
ill respect it more if you dont do it for free
But which singlet? I tried to convince Adam to wear a singlet & glitter tonight but he told me that's inappropriate.
without question my friend, sleep wellRT : Maybe France + philosophy is getting to me ;) RT : How profound :) RT...
NO #SOPA and #PIPA. I support a free & open Internet, especially with amazing organizations like emerging.
Well, we definitely both know - Howdy Kifah!
maybe t hey should offer you stock options? hahaha great meeting you yesterday
#blago still shaking hands and kissing babies.
RT : Awesome comment -> RT : The only thing your competitors can't copy is your culture...your people.
Design Tip: Create a dream board of how you want your home to look. www.cliointeriordesign.com
black sails ipa now pouring
I need a little 2 bedroom condo in #FortLauderdale just love the weather!
Watching a bunch of people I know tweet from MLA when I'm at work is a bit of a bummer...
Are you gonna hang after you play at Bamboozle?
tryin to ball sunday
You're Awesome... Thanks Danette! RT crazy good talent on Glass Circle!
i wouldnt mind if mikey came up and started rapping in my ear
“: I'm ready to have my car back!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> ” I'm ready to have mine back to!
Good morning peeps! What's on your gay agenda for today, Saturday May 5th?
Wen people fall asleep on u>>>>>>>
Thanks for the Follows
"What I mean is all I need is Just a little emotion, Cause all I see is you're not feeling, And you're giving me nothing nice."
I have to say I found some interesting stuff.
It is the score .....I dont expect much integrity from that station as a whole
Beauty call La is proud to offer - chemical free, paraben free,& preservative free products and treatments. No gimmicks just real skin care!
OK #ParksandRec is my fave show on #TV right now
all I need is that one thing to go right... that one thing that will prove this is all worth it
I love Freakonomics Radio.
Yes ma'am
If I died right now it's obvious u wudnt care at all
of course not!!! I'd love to work with Justin beiber!
First step toward conquering the world...
all kinds of men's T.I.T.S. gear
Today will be a great day! Hannah is in town and only 2 meetings this evening!
Rachel Degrosseillers -Your strategic plan should be your guide and not your comfort zone
For all the dog lovers, what great places in DC do you see while walking your pet that could benefit from free web exposure?
Can we add KFC as an exception? Those eleven herbs and spices have eluded me for years.
The beings were shining like silver or a mirror but nothing reflected off of them, I was looking for a mirror effect but there was none.
would be great if we could be afforded the rights of the liberal state. I guess a camel jockey will always be 1.
My iPhone fitness tracking app was clearly not designed for archivists, because there is no category for "schlepped 5 pallets of boxes"
why do weekends have to be so short ughghgghh
I just bought your cover of Pumped Up Kicks on iTunes(:
Interesting. I rarely use a lid for coffee, even in the car. I guess I defy physics -- my petty superpower.
Staying up until midnight is worth it for music
Ivy got news for you: Intel's latest superchips launch - TechRadar UK
found some fun knitting events at the in the next few months!
Special thx to for the opportunity to be part of Friday Night Eclectic last night - it was a great time!
ask mady rau if she knows who i am because when i was looking through yearbook and saw her in the fifth grade el class?
and he got another follower...
NCAA academic progress rates for the final four: Kansas: 1000 Kentucky: 974 Louisville: 965 Ohio State: 952 Guess I'll be rooting for KU.
Getting my hair done first stage perm yippee
Join for her "Living Your Yoga" workshop tomorrow night from 7:00-8:30pm in our TS Lab.
your going to have so much fun tonight!:) my boy takin care of you;) love y'all!:)
Garcia and Scherzer
BMSPF ON HIGH ALERT~HAVE A CORE POSITION~EXPECTING A BIG MOVEMENT IN THE NEXT FEW TRADING DAYS~
Two girls wear the same shirt, "She copied my style..." Two guys wear the same shirt... "BROTHER!"
Until I recently upgraded, mine was running at ~100 KB/s. It was a sad time.
I firmly believe that being democratically voted into the Presidency of the USA by a million+ votes demands respect from all its citizens!
Definitely! RT : Flea eggs can survive for a year, so you gotta kill em. Again, avoid the flea powders and sprays...
Remember the Columbia House program? 8 CDs for like a buck, & then they'd send several at full price or something like that.
Remember, a man is not where he lives but where he loves
playin wipe me down word to OG
ah oddly mine doesn't either as much as I would like it too.
Ha. Twitter run by Ravens fan?
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
It's what I use to do.
...i think its in vs. #27.....sheep hear His voice and FOLLOW:........Hey Ms. TJ
sometimes all I ever wanna do is hop on the treadmill.
don't you just love payday!
RT : Sharing insights on Hootsuite for account management
Only a few days left to get your FREE tote bag w any order perfect to store christmas gifts and drugs and shit like that..
Thanx for the follows everyone! Now, how to find a trustworthy marketer? I need marketing, any referrals? Need to get my App bizz going.
I won't get to see my friend today :(......
Off to leagues with the team!:D
What if medical community treated "patients" as partners?
No dumbass, not all guys are like that.. pretty sure not everyone falls into that sterotype.
Thanks! We are very happy!
Christmas follow?(;
I heard! Did he play his humanize song for you?
my relationship is real... thanks tho.
Happy Summer #PDX! What are you doing tonight?
OH: "What's gonna get the cat smell out?" Next to dry cleaners.
Way to go Pearland Little League!! Good Luck Tonight!
Happy Sunday everyone. Just posted an update about our Kickstarter project. Just see "Update" tab on Kickstarter page. We are trying to rea…
Then can't hold me down, they can't stop my shine. They can't block my grind. shawty, it's game time.
Our $3 beer and 1/2 price bottle wine specials are still running, until Thursday!
alright, kind of mad that we got hacked. wbu?
I hate Boston so damn much. Glad to see them lose.
7 tonight is when it opens, but I can take it until Wednesday. It's on Blackbaord. Wanna get lunch today?
(abstract vs. Concrete crap preference) abstract crap only smells in theory.
mother's day 6 song set = success. Credit to 1. Lou, 2. George/Paul/John, 3. Ted Leo. et. al. go moms
"Life's just too short to play little." -Robin Sharma
Sounds awesome...What type of icing/outside shell are you going to use?
14. I HVE A TENDANCY TO GET OFF TRACK SOMETIMES...
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 45
could you text me? We needa talk
Really now twitter after dark go to bed for that sht
good morning <3 hope you have an amazing day:)
1987 changed the face of music in many ways...but The Joshua Tree has a spcial place in my heart...it changed my life. Thank you U2.
Laying on my trampoline
Build your body and your mind will follow
#BostonSportsReport: Kyrie Irving selected NBA’s top rookie (The Associated Press)
I knew you weren't the one when you said you didn't drink #Leinenkugel's
": #jurgens be fucked up " we need attorneys? If so,defense or divorce?!!
aw pretty princess!!
Yes we are! Do you want it?
okay im barely going home
“: I hate bad texters..don't get me talking and then shut down”
Less than 24 hours since we "went public" and already some great applications for #thatcamp Columbus!
#MaybeIshould think before i do things
can you ladies please have a talk w/ my dad? My ptnr of 12 yrs & I have made no progress w/ him.
Strength traiing isn't just for men. Women need it to help decrease osteoporosis risks.
lol nah were just chillin hard that day
A career path which requires me to wear a lycra unitard. And a requirement of sobbing.
Its such a good song<3 Ke$has mom and Akon wrote it! haha
agreed. And tweet amended.
Yall just dont know!! The unspeakable sinful shit Id do 2 him! & he has full authority to get raw on me
Tweeting while being chased by a dog # #I'msoskillful
The Service Industry tonight at Club Deville for FREE WEEK in Austin, Texas, USA. Come on down, ya cheap bastards.
what did u mean??
He's like...one more beer.
Help a Nigga out.
Very interesting points by Dr. Stephen Rouse about additive manufacturing in medical devices and healthcare.
It's okay to realize you can't please everyone, just try your best.
International reaction to Arizona at meeting: "Best place in the U.S. to be in business and be from somewhere else".
wow what article/subject?
I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA SAY THAT! K was like, Which part scared her? and i was prolly the orange dudes and then your tweet popped up.
i love your city when you are born ,please follow me i love italy... i'm Italian... i love you <3 follow me
Lovin' Jack DeJohnette's latest " Sound Travel" especially with Bruce Hornsby on " Dirty Ground" and Jack's nod to the great Levon Helm
Commission meeting is back in session and is providing direction to the line drawers.
When the got a penalty my cat hopped up and meowed at the TV.
Meeting in building blocks away canceled
Maybe ya won't go so hard on Kobe and the lakers next time.
Not to be reductive w/pro-athletes as ultimate bros, but when A.Gonzalez ret. to ATL as tonight, does he show Brewers, e.g. best clubs/eats?
I love you thank you <333
Wrote 15 reports; 12to go...now it's time to watch World's Strictest Parents
Lookin like a hobo
#Huguely defense rests.
no worries... they did :(
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
There is so much good stuff to read on the internet today.
Hello twitters!!
#GoodNightWorld ! Work in the AM ..
is this Jesse or Travis? So unoriginal!
Hi Mark, Dave from StoryFirst. Would enjoy meeting you one day soon. Mike says hi!
“: you mean his wife?” -- of course
It has been totally worth the cold fingers.
I'm definitely in my zone...
Just saw the movie #Limitless. I strongly recommend it. Also, honest Droid Razr review coming soon to my blog (I need more time).
Hello gang. Been a while!
... omg watching Tamera getting married , im finna Cry </3 , wish i had that !
Game seven glory!!! On to Oklahoma City!!
dumb blonde.. And where ur forehead or like ur actually head
Follow me and I'll Follow back Promise..
Aaahhh this is the first time I've wiling up bymyself this early aahhh
HANNAH G shoots for TEMPTU today!
Just finished the night with a good work now heading to bed <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
thanks Matt. Let us know what you think.
I like moving. I see it as the beginning of a new chapter.
After early Nfl it looks like Minnesota might cost me a couple hundred
True or False - Mac computers can not get a virus....
Horrible dream last night. I hate that shit..
Biggest takeaway from DistribuTECH is that US economy is strong. Industrials big and small: "best results we've seen in years"
I'm multi-tasking
i think ima take a nap.(:
Midtown's clean and green teams will be finishing work at 2:00pm today due to Code Red heat conditions.
The big boys went the distance! Decision looming... #boxing -ms
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: Reason No.9: Niagara Falls, the Niagara River, Lake Erie, lush countryside.
lol xD I love you loser
Why is Jennings on the bench? Wtf
When I was in #PR, I resented reporters who deleted emails based on the subject line alone. Now I find myself having to do exactly that.
i was walking home down the hill and he drove down and stopped and asked me what cosine(a+b) I literally just stared at him
stoned fucking vibes.
Well at aunt barbies house... i miss kane and today was kinda boring.. well goodnight everyone!!!!!
Havin A Rockin day !!!! Working On some New Radio Version songs In The Studio!!!
RT : I'm on one
#tayloralderdice on repeat all night long.
omg asdfghl; they have the formal dress i want in stock omgomgomgomg<333 brb ordering it <33333
the best! Read all the ones in my mid school library in only a few months...
the weeknd... extremely, extremely dope.
3. "How did they make you become a "sambo"?"
So glad I was born a #Kentucky fan! Where else do you expect to win National Championships every season?
Marketing Friday
. you are on Sir. Tomorrow it is.
Almost everyone of my teachers today has said something about 4/20.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
great ideas in newest issue! Love all the pictures
appreciate the countdown man! May 22nd needs to be here fast! #beast mode
... sensitive areas between partners.
what would you do if Ben secretly liked you ?
THIS IS BUGGY ~`I`~ BUGGY SAYS HI THIS IS BUGGY WHEN A CAR COMES BY =() he says "mom i gotta an owie"
Why is Arizona banning books about Mexicans who live in the United States? Aren't those books protected by the First Amendment?
Glad you liked the show! - The B Side RT : Phenomenal performance tonight, Sir! Really well done.
Monday Motivation: Exercise has to be a priority that rises above the convenience of when your schedule allows for it!
I'm thinking you should follow me. ;) Yes. You should get to that... :)
Congrats to Bruce Wayne for retaining Alfred's services.
Interesting? Maybe. I was able to figure out what production was filming on my block searching Twitter over Google.
settin up nice 4 #DEVILS huh
Trooper wrote me a warning for speeding today-was highly respectful,too. I hope he isn't furloughed over MN legislators' temper tantrum.
I hate my name <U+E337>
aunt; earthquake lets go! me;what?! aunt; lets go! me; WAIT lemme go do my hair and make up before we die!! :D
Watching Love and Hip-Hop...this is my guilty pleasure.
both kinda lol
- rlly lk the post - thinking abt digital examples of pseudoteaching? Engaging content- little learning
good call!
Hi Beth we will have more shirts next week and will send it out then. Sorry for the delay
Friend told me of Japanese saying: What you are at 3, you are at 100. Keep that in mind for Romney.
cause I look like brad pitt, right?
And yeah, get up here man. I'm also long, long overdue for a trip down south sometime soon.
Happy Hour til 7pm! Come visit Jeff behind the bar! $3 rails, $3 select drafts, $3 house wines!
is the guy for
Work on the Christmas piece still proceeding (Westward leading, etc). Lots of pseudo-ethnic bits; fun to write for organ for a change.
always great beating that town
Rivera, Kahlo, Picasso, Van Gogh, Sierra, Rousseau, Matisse, etc. All under the same roof at the
Jessie J is way underrated. She is far above the level of Ke$ha and Katy.
You can drive a nail with a wrench, but a hammer works a whole lot better.
I feel like a good view is a great distraction from people digging around in your grill.
#Np Tupac Hail Mary and fixing my paper
It is!! Flo Rida "Good Feeling"!
Loving the rain in Austin. So, so good.
Thinking about jumping on the Toms bandwagon - are they really that comfortable?
Hungry for "Steak and Eggs" with ginger soy fried rice, and an egg any way U like? Think FUSE....
I have so much laundry
Where is
Now THAT'S how you get rid of a dictator. Egypt is on the road to freedom.
follow back? Lol
You are very welcome
“: Chinese Telephones might be my favorite band” <-- Yea! I bet would agree too!!
Ugh why do you make me so weak?
I agree its awesome that facebook is integrating everything we do. It creates a scrapbook for you with out having to do much work
Eric Church epitomizes the kind of guy I want to marry.
Lights; Elli Goulding <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
new southern banger from "racks n bands" ft Cap1
After a great wknd we made it back safe to ATL. we danced, we partied & we represented our PasoFino family well! See you tomorrow!! ;)
come to Jazz crib.
Hm... about to go enjoy front-row Orioles tickets on a rainy cold Saturday night. This is why you should always buy at the last minute...
Nothing gets me energized like spending time with & Wyldlife guys. As usual, when I teach, I learn from the pupils.
When a cute girl retweets me>>
Well played, Roger. Well played. RT Well, at least Sally didn't walk in on her dad and Megan doing that. #MadMen cc:
Like u weren't cheering for econ to tank in '08? You're not above it, tho people were dumb enough to think u were
My favorite kind of boring! I've lived through enough "excitement" in my career...
Like the idea how the Assets project derived query suggestion terms form logfiles
Love being in CT again...Milford yesterday, New Canaan today!
bet make tht real world cut now lol salute!
I love yoga because in yoga there is no way around, eventually you must go right through.
Waiting for the insurance guy to come assess the hail damage to my car. I've never filed a claim before, I hope it goes smoothly.
True dat! RT : I wonder how Scott Walker feels about unions today
Only if you Rocked and Rolled all night and partied every day
maybe fall. depends on radio momentum!
RT : Today in Jewish History (1939) Bday of Israeli writer Amos Oz
lol we do it best.
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
haha oh well thanks for sharing
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman. ~Coco Chanel
thank you for the review and mention!
Pay up or pull out of the euro - tough choice Germany may soon face. If the bailout bill skyrockets, going back to deutschmark is attractive
Okay, whatever, Don Rickles is NOT following me back.
maybe I can meet them. Trying to set it up early in summer so it won't be too hot. :-)
#Bengals having a real nice draft.
your welcome...how's your bday going do far?
Sunday will be the first time that I'll see the Indiana Pacers play all season & playoffs
Have a goodnight everyone. If you haven't checked out bartenderme.com yet or recently please check it out. U will like, happyhour and events
My company is the only creative resourcing firm that offers talent management and HR services to make agencies better places to work. Kinda…
let me see you workout for me workout for me
RT : is that a banana in your pocket or oh cool yeah good source of potassium.
When your night consists of watching cheerleading videos.
So glad I went to Notre Dame and only became obsessed with our football team. Can't handle twice the disappointment.
What happened to the So Listen video?
maximizing is sometimes about supporting one great brand/cause and compromising on other things
One of the hardest things is seeing that you're perfectly fine and happy without me
S/O he follows back
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase ~ Martin Luther King, Jr. |
YUH BITCH MAYBE NEXT TIME BLAKE
Everyone's focused on year-end activities, not refining their practice or thinking about next year.
Welcome to the 21st Century Montreal Canadiens with the great hire of Marc Bergevin!
if i turn into another, dig me up from under what is covering, the better part of me
The Skysailing exhibit will now be INSIDE Century Rio 24 for the movie Rio. Come out @ 11am tomorrow and check it out! Lots of freebies!
#GirlsWhoDontWaxTheyCoochie Why is this trending? Lmao!
Hahaha... The time change note was a great giggle! I can see your face at that very moment!!
#ThingsAboutMe I'd rather be hot then cold
as soon as I get my license, I'm coming straight to your house #planonit and I'm
You need some good mushroom tunes, too:-)
#thoughtsduringschool where the fuck did this random boner come from???
leaving GA now from a gig! Wish I could stay. Kill it tomorrow! Just like that Georgia clay!
I just had to busy out laughing at that last tweet.
RT : Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
God, Kyrie has an actual personality, isn't a jackass, and is totally genuine. Refreshing.
Tomatoes = Awesome, if you have no issues with nightshades. In fact, liver sauteed with tomato sauce is great, IMHO. :D
Flaxseed, which is rich in essential omega 3 fats, is an excellent source of protein. Add it to salads and get more vital nutrients.
I'm making a do me face at you right now
Okay after swearing up and down I wasn't going to give into Instagram.. I did #saysomethingbitch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7> #followme hi_imcarlos <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, come on y'all
Finally #GOTDay! Less than 6 hrs to Season 2 Premiere. I'm not sure what I'm more excited about #Dragons or #Dinklage!
Chill tonight, kickbacks? Let me know.. Loser mode B)
Lovin' <U+E022> 'Signs and Signifiers' on Hi-Style! Answer our prayers & play for us in San Francisco! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Went with my Uncle to a signing around Christmas when the book came out in Bmore.
Oh this is a real person? OH LOL!!
And the #Bruins take the lead on a patented Johnny Rocket slapshot. 2-1 Bs
Cie bgt :P RT : Your greet cheers my day :D
follow back :)
saw that coming, he was due
Don't forget to RT the contest to be entered to win!
I hate crying infront of people. Fuck
i LOVE how the Miami Arena is Totally SIlent - #Funeral like.. HAHHAHA
I don't know much about it but I know that Spetsnaz are some of the scariest human beings on the planet.
Kerouac's an award winner in my book.
Please you guys shud do fan calls! Or mayb even webcam?
Now's the time to say goodbye to another hero who became a friend. R.I.P., Brother Mike Davis from the MC5. Keep kicking out the jams.
hope you get better soon!
Thanks Ms. Wirth! :P
im a #MindlessBelieberBrezzyBaby you can only call yourself tht is u support #MindlessBhavior #JustinBieber and
he must have saw my tweets saying #NowPlaying Arron Kelly I don't wanna miss a thing or something cuz I never talked to him
yeah that looks cool :)
Same for me as I live in the Twin Cities as well.
that's kind of sexist. I'm a guy and I read American Girl books in elementary school - Molly was my favorite!
If I yell at you tomorrow, don't take it personally.
The lowest.
When the teacher tells u to turn down ur music so u put it up lol :)
Such a great day! Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I'm homy. You read it right...I just wrote it wrong.
Someone in the office forgot to pay the Internet bill. See? Corporations ARE people.
Growth via Partnerships and Alliances will enable you to increase scope & reach while minimizing cost & risk. Explore it as an option!
Yes its good and nothing. Dylan&Tiff<3
I knew the intersection would be closed eventually, but didn't know it would affect that much of Sare.
I put mine up yesterday! It makes the apt cozier & what else was I going to do while listening to the she & him Christmas record?
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle FACE OFF......
Do you read books? Can you opine articulately? We're looking for book reviewers. Email us at
So proud of
HAHAHAHHAAH! that's hilarious
Love the nautical look of today! Ready for our #DC cherry blossom boat tour!!
o.m.g the he had it coming glee vsn is so good <3
Aw man bad timing! Next time perhaps :)
Meeting tonight to plan for this weeks EPIC commercial shoot!
my love <33 text me good news for us!!
You have the wrong ! You're talking about
Huevos con chorizo or pastrami melt?
Happiest couples in the world never have the same NATURE. They just have the best UNDERSTANDING of their DIFFERENCES.
Looking forward to TEDx here in San Diego in December. The brightest minds, the freshest ideas...always a must-attend event!
wat. 40M$ over claims about shoes?
Go #celts #okc #nuggets #spurs #clippers and
If I die before I wake, I pray the lord will clear my browsing history.
Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear I sentence you to be exposed before your peers. TEAR DOWN THE WALL!!!!
#HappyHalloween from the Memorial Branch, Los Angeles Public Library. Come on in tomorrow for treats... oh yes, and candy, too!
LOL!! It has grown on us...took awhile though : )
Spiderman said: with great powers come great responsibilities. #bizforum folks - let's use that big data responsibly!
the fast green fox jumped past the tired dog.
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online HEUIEHOIUEHE q trend perfeito.
great news! And is there any indication as to what "indefinitely" means in regards to chris bosh?
oh and a steak hoagie?
“: #Gemini can't tolerate bad losers.” YOU KNOW IT!
i would love to live ur life kate.. ::(:(:( take it easy mi kate.. love ya
I wish my brother would come bring me food :(
We are so excited for Empowered to Connect Dallas! Let us know if you're here today.
i thought today was sunday, all day til just now.
listenin to a collab of the two worst rappers of this century LMAO...Soulja boy & Lil B
Beautiful weather think I'll do some landscape art today
Movie Pass should start paying you for their marketing ;)
congrats sweetie! :)
Nope. No translation provided.
"The truth is that leadership opportunities are plentiful and within reach of most people" -Bennis and Nanus
how long will you be in town?
I brought Small World Underground to HASTAC. wussed out.
“: I almost came to your house and smacked you. No country”country is good Tyler ....
Congratulations and ! They's gonna get married. YEAH!!!
"Technology is only a small part of the solution - it involves people, understanding and time" - at #TechCamp Ramallah
WMAQ: All-clear given on Delta plane quarantined at MDW. Passenger says someone had bug bites, not communicable disease.
good morning, tweeters! last day of the week. finish the week strong!!!
LMFAO! Justin Bieber can't sing live anymore.
Are you sure you just didn't watch a Capital One ad?
That is just not right!! Lol
Hey, just wanted to say I love you! Well thats all, byee <3
Thanks for the follow Palmira!
Chris Bosh have any rings?? Ohh yeah, he doesn't.
: “Gaga feminism” argues for always seeing the big picture; change for one identity means change for all identities
Its a lot eaiser to deal with your problems instead of ignoring them.
Donald Driver Special: (serves 20-25) Cheese & Sausage Platter, Relish Platter, Taco Dip, Ham, Tortilla Pinwheels Only $80
Indeed! I did some acting in my younger years, and I've done some acting classes at ACT in SF over the last few years. Cheers!
yea!!! Thank you so much! W.marlenebrehm.com
Hot pot got me stuffed
Are you guys back/open again?
Moving up on the #reverbnation charts. Have you ranked us yet?
Take time to let a conversation develop. Don't always go for instant gratification.
Thanks for making your 2nd tweet ever about us!
yeah that service is. We have 3 services. The electric is the third. Worship leader has to do some traditional but mixes it
in bed watching tv and listening to lil wayne
Its hard to look right at you baby. But here my number so call me maybe;)
If You Don't Have A Dream You Don't Have Nothing
Thanks. It was a great day!
lol my bad now following
Excited for the Wedding University meeting soon!
Any psychopathic person that likes to watch porn would enjoy our school because i see it in the hallway
your a dork and my friend and I love ya hehe haiiiii!
I'll try to make it out brother!
Sadness be gone let's be people who deserve to be Loved because we are worthy
Hopefully, I will make it to libchat tonight. I'm no longer working Weds. night so this evening librarian is no longer at your service.
congrats bro. the whole family is proud! one day sir. one day.
What are some of the best games for
Philly folks: have 1 ticket for tonight's performance of 12th Night @ 7 by Pig Iron. Message me if you or someone you know can use it.
we feel terrible about your predicament.
VJax wants 17 mil a year as no 1 WR so isnn't 8 mill second reciever freeagent money? Even if might not be worth it as player?
me, too. sorry to miss
I've asked a coach. I'll get back to you. :)
happy friday! :D
Tomorrow: Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares for her Central NY bistro.
There's a new book titled "The Loyalists" which gives an interesting perspective about their plight from New York years ago
This time last week, I was on a plane on the way to Disneyland. Right now, I'm dipping pretzels in leftover Taco Bell nacho cheese.
Feel like it's gonna be a good night for #p2 voters. RT : Greetings #lastword!
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family...really hoping what i heard today isnt true!
Dropping off a fresh batch of crocheted goodness to Corazon tomorrow! Check it out! New owl hats, new button-up neckwraps and headwraps!
I know
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. ~Rene Descartes
RT The best friends aren’t always the ones only true to your face. It’s about the friends who remain true behind your back.
I loved that show! RT : Welcome back Mr. Kotter! (snort snort)
A HUGE thank you to everyone who came out to the Four Corners scholarship benefit last! 's Bob Herzog was AWESOME!!!
I mean followers ..
I needed two ips because I needed Drupal and Wowza to both be able to listen on port 443 at the same time, hence two ips
Looking forward to a long friendship!
I love being angry when I'm working out....I love taking my anger out in the gym best stress reliever
Pilates...too nasty to run & I usually run in all conditions...what about you?
you're gonna have a HUGE game tonight! Go Magic!
Done for the night. 6am flight to AUS & my first #SXSW. Speaking at 3pm Friday on tech & work w/ a great panel - cvntn cntr 12AB -c u there!
#True RT : Make sure I stay motivated
Yep We wOn QT : So did my MAVS win or what?
That slow smile at the end of his campaign ad springs to mind MT That creep-tastic smile is beyond priceless.
hahahha:) me either!
A cold front this aft. will usher in cooler and drier air for tonight and Saturday. Today: AM Fog and Drizzle, then m/sunny, high of 84.
my coworkers need to stop making fun of me for using the word... dude!
Tell me all your secrets.
thank you for the retweet sister!
Yeah, kinda like fish that are brought up from the deep sea and burst on the surface?
Practice makes perfect! :)
I agree. I favor inclusiveness
That was a terrible shot
Is that grammar really? Or just common sense.
#Friday's Here!!
Im Freezing where my Wife donesha at i needa jacket !
Great 3 hour nap. Time for Lakers and Nuggets.
if reoffense is high for other crimes then Wayne should have voted for tougher sentences for violent crims who violate parole
I'll have another glass of u...this tyme on the rocks
why is there explosions at the Country Club?
Listening to Wiz Khalifa..in a better mood than earlier..
Fuck being sick:(
Thanks for the follow: ,
If #Romney is the nominee then the South could be in play for #Democrats. VA, NC, TN, etc.
Excited to discover that my #MLIS advisor (Dr Johnathan Furner) created the Dewey Decimal Classification for #quidditch I'm a
YES! And of course this type of thing always happen on the weekend #peoplewithnolife :) cc
Twitter won't let me follow people back: (
Agh, my eyes and my throat hurts . & im fucking sleepy.
Were you in Legally Blondes? :)
hey, james your performance was amazing
RT : Bernard: Data centers are the fastest growing consumers of power on the planet.
u'r da best!
Wait, did tweet that the Good Captain may actually join Twitter soon? *Falls off chair*
hahahha i know right
Really? Good to know...we'll see if we can fix that. ;)
something ghoulish. a vampire or a zombie or a mummy.. or Frankenstein and his wife!
Thanks, Andrew! I agree the company is humbling ;-)
At the dentist. Would rather be at work.
#terranova jonestown bc edition don't drink the dino punch
MAY 14th IS NATIONAL WOMEN'S CHECK UP DAY!!!!!! GET YOUR CHECK UP AND RETWEET PLEASE!!!
Mr. Scott is the best teacher. <U+E418><U+E40A><U+E056>
the past 3 days (including today) ive had a run-in with the cops.......
I was just in & didn't see Is she sick? I hope not!!
We're they afraid he'd burn through the money?
Sexy sultry funny Sundra Croonquist will be on my radio show this Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Who got a laptop for.sale
not even close haha I'm going to read tonight and relax! I'm SO exhausted!!
its my fault I left the garage side door open
oh boy! I'll see how it goes.
what's good with u?
you will feel like dying, but you'll be better for it on the other side!
Joseph Segeleon, MD, has been appointed CMO at Sanford Children's Hospital ().
RT : Childproof your home to protect your little ones. Accidents are never expected.
i tried to many times to get a conversation with but looks like shes not responding to me so im giving up
I can't wait until Friday :)
Simply watching someone pull a cotton ball apart gives me uncontrol
No Ustream 2day with :( but gonna go "3 stooges"
- Thanks so much for the #FF. I appreciate the thought.
no doubt
I love me some Fred Hoiberg! Isn't that also the alma mater of one Paul Shirley?
Fuck a gym membership, play "Michael Jackson Experience" on the Wii
Don't miss seeing KILLING JOKE on Dec 2nd . Should be a great show..
I'm surprised it's only 13 bad films in a row.
did you watch Sherlock yet?
I think I'm naming my Cube "Cubacious."
Thanks for naming me a great news source.
Had a blast last night at speed networking event! Met so many great people!
i love your smile (; follow me please
yes, yes I did. It was a great concert, nostalgic feelings and all.
HERE WE GO!
Fuck yeah dude! That's what I'm talkin bout lol. Thanks!!
aww I hope u do
Big win tonight for
Another reason why I hate Jason Terry. Doucher.
They say so many people die because of alcohol. Perhaps they never realized how many of them are born because of it.
don't be so hard on yourself! U may not b consuming enough calories during the day. Could explain the sugar cravings @ night.
Leslie, great being connected. Hope to give my acting/modeling workshop in GA this Fall. You can read more at www.HowToModel.com.
No more cigs!
Now booking glam birthday parties, glam bridal showers and holiday makeovers.
I have an order to get out #forgot I may b a lil late.
Happy birthday
Super Excited about TONITE - - Sounds from on Deck
U niggas don't understand cause u.ain't.in.the streets
Stay strong today! Remember, you are the city of Angels, not the city of corporations or police.
Hi, have a web project to talk to you about - can you DM your email? thanks.
and its Swedish!<U+263A>
the hashtag for my Business Writing class this semester: #writing306. Link to class site soon. (interlopers welcome)
Did I miss something? Why are the #Celtics chanting "Scalabrine"? They are being ran right now!
I think Mr. Sheen is right....."Winning!" Yep, feeling better already!
We want to know: Protein bar or Shake?
sure thing; hows progress? ive been away from twitter for a while :) howre you
just finished consult with instructor planning on using GIS and photos in her class; w/iPad could bring up examples together
A deflated ego is a virtue on its own...I shared a seat with mine on a taxi ride home.
it is intriguing, and there's just something about that time period - plus Fellows also wrote Gosford Park
On to #thehotel we go.
absolutely!!! thatd be so cool :)
When your 12 no one likes you.
you know it ;) and still rockin' my #findlauren bracelet of course <3
It's #PictureBookMonth @ #NYLA11 favorite is Anne Likes Red
AWOLNATION & I are SAILING it this morning!
My cpu broke jus got a new one still got to break her in no more laptops 4 me 2 disposible 4 my test
On the inside, I'm screaming in pain.
Why is Carrie such a creepy movie?
; I know
:O ": In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with :)"
Well gray shirt... I thought the hole in you was small.
Thanks so much! Hope everyone votes #5280 Best of Denver!
You're welcome! We hope you enjoy your book and that it is of benefit to you.
wasnt I "THE MAN" with those two bad chicks on my arm the other night? lol
all is wonderful...miss u. I hope your doing wonderfully!
Only 2 new members at
that's not skip
This Wisconsinite loved his time in the Land of Enchantment. Let's hope the #badgers enjoy their visit to the 505.
Awesome job Cards!!!
I love it when I discover new music. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
people really don't like to party in this town...what is this!?!?! i want to party all day everyday.
Feels weird not having a show this weekend... Oh well, guess it'll be a Sundy's night! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)n
you can only use it with people who have iPhones (their number) or people with iMessage on their iPods email ;)
"are we angry" <= perfect twitter question. I don't think we are angry - francoise holland just had an Obama win in France!
i love warm weather, but humidity sucks
A little over $300 for the weekend.
There are a million ways to lose a work day, but not even a single way to get one back. Tom DeMarco and Timothy Lister
So domenic and I () worked on alot of new material today. Be patient and new high quality good music will be coming
lemme find out unfollowed me then followed me back on the low.
That's it I'm just going to get rid of my twitter once and for all
Don't forget to wear green! ;) You don't want to get pinched! Haha
Today is already such that I can't formulate the words to complain. If you need me, I'll be flailing about the Ath like a confused seal pup.
you a game head aint it
Happy to be reunited at happy hour with and
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job. ~ Slappy White
Dear mr Simpson I miss you can it please be July 8?
Never enough hours in the day!! I guess my haircut (what little I do have) is going to have to wait.
question mama Schmidt what is choose180 if u can reply back plz :-)
Looking forward to the #womentogether TN Virtual Delegation that's about to start!
#20ThingsAboutMe Um Damn Im not that complicated. Heres one though. I'm a magical Wizard who nuts Skittles and shits Elves that eat baby's
It looks like we're all done for this visit, except for awesome chef dude, who will be there tomorrow.
Love the people who treat you right and love the ones who don<U+FFFD>t-from a distance-allowing them to BE in their own way
Last time I looked in the dictionary, my name's Ron Burgundy. What's your name?
Thanks, you too!
The only thing worse then trading down, would be to draft tannehill.
Do you think guys who have play basketball against 7th graders ever get tired of being knee deep in pussy?
One nation, under thigh
Andre miller looks like adam sandler
lol I was dead ass tired
Showing The Girl the movie: The Cutting Edge
We want to know, how do you add Chispa to your business?
The new STITCH-EQ Black/White is almost complete and it's #superfab!
I love this class!
Hey I just saw this message, sorry for the delay. Things are good, I hope all is well with you. Stay strong.
Oregon and the PAC-10 lose another bowl game
try clicking your hashtag. fool
Frozen foods according to #WhyIDontShop. Happy Easter!
“: BREAKING: Joe Biden challenges Sarah Palin to define the word "debate."” / she replies: It's what I put on dehook to catch defish
temple run yet?
Thank you, I'd love to see you. Hope you are well!
R.I.P. Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys! "No Sleep Till Brooklyn" was my favorite song by them!
you of course...his bow too lttle hahahahahahahahaha!
CRASH: E Main @ Baseline in Hillsboro
Nonna's Kitchenette's super Italian food will be in PHX this weekend, Sat and Sun afternoon. On Aspen street near Pay and Take #food Mangia!
Cookie dough ice-cream .... Jesus <333 OMG so good
I know none of you will believe me because I thusly cry wolf so often, but I really am scared about this Medea final exam at 11:30.
Doing business in Detroit since 1948.
And of course, my biggest #FF,
late night, about to get on this
My best friend is passed out, in bed, with her shoes still on! Lmao I love my friends:)
Finished the ALS baseball! Trying to decide which stadium to paint, going to research the Angel's Stadium.
Tom Joles just walked up to me and said "You're not as unsightly tonight."
Here's the link we see: If they're adding floor space, won't they need flooring?
that is always my biggest battle...head vs heart
It was a pleasure to meet you at the Howard Theatre a few days ago. Don't let my hoodie throw you off. I was a performer.
mars? why mars and it has to be like testable we cant test mars :\
wish I could of gone today really want to meet u guys today.
Earwig slasher movie! New best genre or NEW BEST GENRE?
Its amazing how the lakers can be different teams between games
LSU fans chanting "We want Green Bay." A little cocky?
don't know them- will have to check it now!
I have an HTC Droid Incredible, but I'm due for an upgrade. I'm having the same problems you are.
#happinessis waking up feeling so darn good thanks to a hard workout yesterday & an amazing nights sleep! #healthyliving I am back to stay!
Nice haircut and shave Double King!
Me and hubby need to make some serious plans for our 1 year anniversary on New Years Day!
While ur home alone critiquing and Judging, Im out enjoying my life! [{GQ™}]
my stomach is churning just thinking about it.
Ladies if you are flashing this morning we want to hear from you! Email us with your name & number! Thanks!
welcome to twitter Gary <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Heather Morgan '86 discusses how her first job working in insurance made her want to work for a purpose, instead.
Yo this presentation tonight though.... <<<<
Anyone else wish that their art was their only job and that they could wake up to nature instead of the alarm clock?
I'm A Cougar ,Your A Cougar , Were All Cougars , Dontcha Wanna Date A Cougar to ??
Read ur Salon article. Have to say, the spot is focussing on 1 aspect of life experience, u r reading way too much into it.
*makes wish* thanks! :) <3 goodnight.
Ever since and I got mom #Misteltoe album. Everything is JB this, JB that. Took her temp....def has
RT : Somehow it escaped me that it's Arbor Day. Oh, you too?
Following Back:)
Oh man, I haven't seen Jim in ages!!! Give him a big hug & kiss for me! Give yourself a hug & kiss for me too! :)
Is it 80s day at Victory Field? RT Brett Tomko has retired the first 12 for Bats against Indianapolis today.
nice! (mine hasn't shipped yet)
finals this week! I hear an a plus coming my way:) #determined:) like a boss :)
I MISS YOU.
Safety now discussing toughening the penalties for those caught for criminal graffiti.
Now you can make a facebook purchase right from Facebook! Check it out under the timeline!
busy in library today, must be the ebd of the year....
“: #sundaystorelax” #Dodgers rain delay to start @ 2pm.
AHAHA. girl. We all have a chance if she had a chance.
Not MY imprint. He is 6'-2" and goes about 220. A little perspective here. :)
Jordan transfers down from WKFS (Kiss 107)/Cincinnati to become the new PD/afternoon guy at WXXL (XL106.7)/Orlando. Tell a friend!
All these supplemental questions for job apps are killing me (and my wife). Do other industries do this or it just a library thing?
I just thought, "Home."
Found our favorite stop in #SanAntonio. #TheCountyLine where there is nothing low fat on the menu.
thanks for the #ff...have a great #giant weekend.
No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change. - Spongebob
Q6: yes -- adding audio would be great (and maybe make twitter chats more coherent?) Also gives us something to archive.
I don't know. Did he just use the iP dongle? Not sure how that works.
if it was higher than 20% you can talk to Obama too.
RT : Petition: Gordon Campbell is ineligible to Receive the 2011 Order of BC...
It must be hard trying to Be Someone Your Not. Welcome to My World.
lol what do you mean I love myself
Follow Great trust and probabe attorney
saying hi to this toe can make my life.<333
Or u could try Closing Time! Drink without the hangover :) tweet us the worst place you've been hungover & win a free sample!
You did sound drugged, I have to say.
Yes I'm a bitch: B- beautiful i- intelligent t- talent c- captivating h- heavenly. So by all means call me by my name
There were people who doubted Jesus.Why wouldn't they doubt you? Don't let anyone tell you that you can't achieve greatness.
I got an 83 on my outline
okay fuq dis english. lol I think I'm just gonna shower then sleep... this is becoming a bad habit.
Work work work
I wish we had a ride home. I did mobility travel already. Have to do more?
Naturally. RT : you have pleased RED OWL.
don't mention me in things please. As no addition
Thanks for the RT!
Nothing can be accomplished by logic and ethics.” <U+2015> Anton Chekhov
"you don't know you're beautiful; that's what makes you beautiful." How on Earth did music get so bad?
Out here in TB wit the boys.Just got back from the LIQ wit a 5th of crown 2 40s of OleE and a pack of blunts time to hit the park
i'm in love wif dem
Couldn't agree with you more!
RT Hammock Yoga - $74 for 6-weeks of unlimited classes in Roseville! So want to do this, afraid hammock would break LOL
You rock! Thanks so much Christina!! :-)
Great job playing last night. Thrilled to have you guys play the arrangement.
Apparently I'm getting into a time machine tonight (club metro reunion)
I love it how last year when bieber won awards at the vma he thanked his fans many many times and gave his mom a kiss ....
Gotta love technology bringing the world closer. Just executed a great call about via VOIP and screenshare to Mexico.
that is innapropiate!
After a long day of baking, all I want to do is go to for a pulled pork sandwich and some beer.
this ain't nothing new
And we're going to the Super Bowl!!!!!!
It's kind of hard not to, they actually took away the monthly jeans day as it was creating too casual an environment.
Getting a pedicure with my manager how cool >>>>>>>
for the last god forsaken time it is a TV SHOW. Lol an its differet. Im gana say tied.
Waving back! RT : *dances down the street waving paws all over da place* Woot Woot
Yet another flashmob, this with a man dancing in a gorilla suit, taking place in the Pit. Yet again, I'm out of the loop. [sigh]
uncheck local name resolution when creating a new domain name.
Tough one for sure but a exciting game at the BC. Got to press on & finish the final 8 strong!
I did check the link, just wanted to give you some love back. I hope the Yanks adding some pitching depth.
I still can't press search on google on my iPod....:(
A little chilly isn't it?.
ok theres also a game sunday we can catch , but we may be dead from atlantic city
so awesomely accurate! “: Exactly! RT : The marlins park is so nice it feels fake”
S/O to President for finally taking a position on gay marriage!
did you hear about referencing you today on his show?
Twitter is the one place I can rant. Please don't ruin that for me.
There is something wrong with a world in which most children have never seen #TheSandlot or
Why does my house in Maryland, USA keep shaking? keeps crashing in
How can I help my 4 yr old deal with a rageful schoolmate? My son is sweet, small.
Batum with the block and finish on the other end...and 1
Good luck tomorrow. We have faith, see you back in foxboro, win lose or draw!
Fox news is like The Onion. Only they don't know it.
S.W.A.G= Something We Americans Got.
Awesomesauce! Happy happy joy joy.
watching the #oscars with new #winesisters was possibly better than actual show.
All of 18.
Sibley buyer: "We will work out a repayment plan over time" for loan on which city otherwise would be left owing $3.1M
OH MY GOODNESS. STOP SAYING 1D ARE A BAND. I DON'T SEE THEM PLAYING INSTRUMENTS SO THEY AREN'T A BAND. POINT PROVEN. DISMISSED NOW.
whoo qetss mad at stupid shit like that ? really
are you trying to kill the guy?
: You're very welcome! A fantastic weekend to you as well!
hey... Let's shoot..
I do what I can to help. Haha! RT : Shit son you just saved my weekend from single song listening!
just barely?
Want to nominate a H.S./Club player /teammate for our "Best of" Florida Girls soccer 2012? Send ur recommendations today !
It's sad I can memorize the keyboard to type, but not tomorrows test.
This is indicative of many GTAs I've known, worked next to. I want to change it.
What would you like to know about Las Vegas real estate?
Community Calendar, April 16 - The State
we miss you too ev <3 I'm always here for you, you know that! Despite all the bullshit we've been through. We're sisters :)
the last person that said it was one of my cousins.
So I'm kind drunk and at a fork in the road. Decision time. Blurp!
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave-Calvin Coolidge
When do you think we'll have a Pacific Beach, CA Patch?
pop into your #losangeles #orangecounty #costco and pick up a bag of oh so delicious sweet potato
When Bryce Harper was born, Davey Johnson already had 595 wins as a manager.
That piece was partially inspired by your old "Sanhattanization" posts.
Is there a review of The Wanderer in the latest issue (Daleks on the cover)?
Having a blast up here at world of beer
I'm seeking speaking ops to educate re: awareness/compliance/workplace trends; 1/3 of future workers w/ diabetes: HR needs!
#thevalueofafollower girlfriend you are rocking this crowd! Social media expert!
Holy shit, i've been hungry for the past hour and my mom still hasn't fed me :(
Ok friends, family, and followers. Remember to vote for Eben tonight on American Idol #IDOL!!!!!!
Oh, geez.... that was you at the rose party?! My mind is a million miles away right now.
we will probably have to split you into 4 and 5 but you never know what this place will look like in 30, might be able to,
Seven KCOM students in #Joplin at Freeman Health Systems Hospital are OK. Many D.O. alums, ASHS Au.D. alum also OK.
End of 3 #CLIPPERS down by 1 (no thanks to Rudy Gay) lol 12 Minutes left to SAVE the SEASON!
We need something new to invigorate that genre, before it just becomes a parody of itself.
We have a #Chromebookedu pilot running in our 7th & 10th grades. Good device, Google working on expanding device mftrs.
*Opens fridge door* *stares* *closes fridge door* *walks away*
Probably the red hair.
Gracias Peter. Thank you for following this project. Sincerely, Juan.
You were born given life; it is your duty to find something beautiful within life no matter how slight.
Now that March Madness is over, I'm preparing for the NBA playoffs. Should be the best in a long time
That was before I realized how much I had to lose.
I'm a Chris Brown fan but I will love to see him go toe to toe with a dude just for a change.
#idol I used to like Hollie, but she is still pitchy all over the place, and then she was nasty about Jessica -- that's straight up jealousy
Just saw Peter Jackson's blog on the set of The Hobbit. How I would love to be over there working on that film! Inspiring.
I was jokin wit u but yaw foreal never hit me to kick it lol, especially durin xmas break when we ALL be home. but it's cool
Santa thought so!
38 EFFING DAYS
Clouds will decrease throughout the afternoon. High temps will top out around 75. Enjoy a warm Saturday!
That's awesome!!! ASIST is so lucky to have you! Geez, how do you keep all those feeds straight?!
Sorry. That made me irrationally angry.
Yes! There's some serious Irish-ness going on over here. P.S. Tell me all about BUZZMONKEYS!!! I love it. Why the change??
Men In Black 3 is coming out soon, even.
Happy born day cuz love ya
Has "Early 2012" passed yet? My calendar says yes - this website says no.
ha haha haha! That is amazing. You are such a dork.
IN THE PLEX by has a fascinating chapter on Google's collision with - and withdrawal from - censorship in China.
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS... 2 ALL THOSE WHO I FOLLOW. FOLLOW ME BCK!!!!
hey been trying to get a hold of you call me or send me a message:)
Say hi to for us! RT : Is on his way to the state capital to talk with some friends
I'm going to start googling "nat the fat rat luuurrrrrrve"
Thanks for the #FF, I'm a member of the D.C. bar, you know!
Kinda pissed. No auditioning, can't bring home my PE clothes, and I'll be gone in the day they add in.
does phil ever respond to his tweets? did state farm ever return the funds? these are important questions
I LIKE MY MUSIC REAL LOUD, REAL LOUD. CAN YOU TURN THAT SHIT UP FOR ME RIGHT NOW, RIGHT NOW?
I know the game just started but.. what's going on CC?
If people keep posting pictures of their babies on Facebook, I'm going to start comparing them. "You're baby's nasty in comparison to her's"
Aye he went right!!!
my dads hurrrrrr
Lord, let my my vision reach beyond my sight
But I think Tim is on to something here by selecting a day to enjoy that crap and then eating sensibly the rest of the week
I need somebody to talk to
What about the Eric Gordon deal? Lots of people in Indiana hoping he doesn't sign...
There are three sides to any argument: your side, my side and the right side.
I haven't had anxiety on a plane in a LONG time!! But I do to today.
Fashion show practice!
Happy Birthday to Elaine Mosby!! From Bridget,Jay,Marco.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's or soon to be's ..
ANYONE OF YOU GUYS LOVE MUSIC AND HAVE MAD MONEY? LET'S GO TO A HUGE CONCERT IN CALI
anybody have the payouts yet for UFC 97?
Dare to be different.
why don't you have kik anymore -_-
Happy National Junk Food Day
Money don't change you, it changes the people around you
On this assignment passed into Canada All my assistants brought passports Why is it harder to cross border than Cuba Russia war countries?
Where do bitches get off telling other people they ont suck nun? Nobody cares.
STL is on my radar - never been, but I have a few friends down there I've been meaning to connect with. Hopefully soon...
Tonight, Ultimate Frisbee in Hutzell at 9:30. It's glow in the dark, and it's going to be epic.
good luck brad!
Don't forget about those internships
#ThingsWeAllHate when you find out you can't drive your monster truck on the road
wow u live in England have you been to abbey road or apple studios? I am huge beatles fan!
Pence advancing to 3rd on passed ball.
My almost 13 year old just informed me that I am lame and not funny and I should not be so friendly to people-- I thought I was cool :(
RT : This stadium has more blackouts than Kerry Collins.
after that. Like someone txt me, He walked right next to me and was all like, who's txt you? I told him
I've been looking @ the subway ads & wondering what it meant, so that was a really timely post about GCB.
Breaking Away, Comfort & Joy, and Another State Of Mind.
but Harper is still a #livinglegend , let's not take the focus away here...
an old and trusted formula for success.:-)
Why? Boring...
ANY ethnicity can be biased, not just whites.
What kind of 1x15 bass cab should Conrad get this week? We want that low bump-a-lump sound
I mean, you do still like the Giants...
We are searching for a jr or mid-level #Project #Manager with some #Software experience. 206-420-8456;
please elaborate
Count me in
Day 19 on the platform, beautiful weather. Saw 2 whales so far and even got to see some tail. :-)
How do I need a haircut again so soon?!
it's training, not a war. Stooping to CNN & FOX level of sensationalism?
That ugly ass bitch just don't know my mama have ppl that will kill over her. And I'm one of them .
You're welcome! RT Terrific & productive day today at ! Big thanks to and
u hoopin tonight.???
PB Post wrote that Elton John is Godfather to more than 10 children!
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
Birthday festivities about to begin!!!
Nice! “: Wow! Just passed the 30,000 tweet mark! #contentnow”
its all starting to make sense
Life is like a box of chocolates.
" » Does the iPhone version do push notifications when you receive mentions or DMs? Also, can it auto-refresh for new tweets?
Lots of great news and great people at the #WGBC Annual Meeting today. Love the Duffield Branch Reading Garden!
We don't have to worry about flickr going away today...which makes it the perfect time to worry about it.
I don't want to be stuck in this hellhole anymore. I'm getting tired and sick.
Oh, this would be rad if it weren't so goddamned annoying.
Things I am calling into my life a new car, and a new apartment. Like pronto universe, pronto. ( Anyone selling a car?)
An apple each morning + two cups of green tea wakes up all my senses, fast.
When A Corporation is in biz to game Public systems' cash, they enlist w/
I JUST put all my maternity clothes away. I didn't want to...those things are damn comfy. But I figured it was time...
I need someone to come and take care of me :'(
Way to go, Richie Rich, for making a crazy proletarian show. I can't get enough of you, yr insane performances + yr nutty clothes.
Next week is 50/50 week! 50 New Customers, 50% Off! Let's make good customer server go viral!
your welcome :* :)
i want 2 wish everyone a early happy new year!!!!
Ipad 2 for sale 250 good condition or give me a zip of loud ill take that shit too
Wow some changes here in Uppsala since i left like privatized apotekets and shiny new train station
Actually, my experiences moving from (for clients) have not been good.
My apt is falling down around me. Had to dismantle deadbolt with a screwdriver to be able to get outside.
No You Don't
Thanks be to God that I'm on set - idk why but I get so sleepy in hair&make up...feels like a massage or somthing. Lol!
What a crank. I would give this article to students to help them learn argumentative fallacies.
I'm so tired yet so wide awake. How is this possible?!
he warlord in the desert
i wonder what happened to the glasses that projected on the retina? blindness, perhaps?
Snow just east of Abq- reports of 11 car accident I-40 westbound @ Cedillo Hill.
no because ima carry you like those princess movies. (X
I am going to start saying Hakuna Matata in place of saying no worries. You should do the same.
Manning or Tebow? Who do you want to see starting next season?
You're welcome :)
I can't get this jar open!
SO STOKED for this raven movie
Please follow me on Keek! :) Get Christian to number 1
lol...how could i forget
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld "White Chicks"
#studyabroad is a priceless experience! Scholarships and financial aid sure help though ;)
only you would do that for me tho. bestfriendship right there(:
Good night everyone, I am also tired!
What's up pimping? Hit me wit your best shot man?
I don't have an attitude. You simply can't Handel my personality.
Not that my score of 35 is anything to write home about. It used to be a very respectable 50. I'll be back this winter!
Great early morning timed 5K run (20:34) to push myself then an extra 1.5 miles down along the beach... even had a light drizzle
Just take a hit
And Nelson Cruz.
50 states and im on the 20th -_- this may take awhile...
is on the front page of the cardinal : P
Oh aww I'm sorry but please have you ever thought that maybe your living too much on that one moment where all the goodbyes are
Hello fuck face, broken promises are lies!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
I feel bad when I tweet badly about my boyfriend.
no, I just miss home.
FYI it was Tom Woppat. Don't call him Luke Duke if and when you meet.
not to me, not in the least. Probably gonna take the courts to decide anyway.
Happy Pi Day!
Yeah there's not much I can do anymore cause it makes me so angry and I don't need the stress lol
Hey :) I wish u can come to the mall w me :)
i can also probably get you a hug from a couple sweaty strangers if you want. Just let me know. Haha.
Females always think I talk to a lot of women... Not the case.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Anchorage, Unalaska, Fairbanks, Nome, Juneau
Why you standing there with ua face screwed up? Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up.
Excited! RT : I just watched 3 episodes of The L.A. Complex back to back. Hello, new guilty pleasure! Premieres April 24 on CW.
Ion even kno y I'm up. I went to slp @ 6
what I'm not a loser chill
FTC Commissioner Brill cites Seinfeld in her keynote: anyone can take a rental car reservation; the key is to honor them
that looks like a better Clyde's, green
I watch teen mom and think about all the bad things in my life then think they're really not that bad
Parking Day is a go on Milwaukee Street near Wells. Come hang out with the crew and others until 2. yfrog.com/mfjp9uj
RT : It's spring break for a lot of college kids, therefore I don't feel guilty for crushing this beer at 10:30am.
RT Go 2 's feed NOW - he's sitting 2 tables ovr from Gov. Christie at a Starbucks & he's live Tweeting it. Amazing.
it'll probably take me forever to get used to it.
Show This Afternoon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Sweet! And by sweet, I mean scary! Awesome paint, man.
- Great working with you guys on #SXSWi panel!
Apparently today is Ignore Patrick Day, cool.
The only way to release shame is to talk about it, and in so doing, it gives others permission to talk as well.
Just saw a guy riding a bike and strumming his guitar...at the same time...no helmet
Roger that // RT : Johnny Damon left tonight's game with "general cramping."
Greg Mahoney is a cutie
Have work to do but I think tonight is a pass out on the couch while watching tv kind of night.
Black and mild & 4 a.m show wiff rachhhh ;)
Ths is 4 all d men,if u knw u hve a son n aint never done nun 4 hym whn u do gt money would u rush 2 go c/ buy hym stff even if he ant wit u
poppycock I say.
in 60 years I will be telling my grandchildren where I was when the Jersey Shore premiered and they will look at me in awe.
tough to see on the other bench, but I like what I saw in the 1st game of the new look Could it be...
Whoa. Its like almost offical. Four days and it will be. And he would for me xD He's spending 45 bucks plus food to spend a ...
Stay tuned for the new #LOVELACE website being launched tomorrow! Make sure to like and follow. Going to be a kick ass film!!
The best way to predict the future is to create it ~
I just finished Catching Fire. I NEED Mockingjay now! Oh my god
i know right
Van Gundy called this game "48 Minutes of Mayhem". LMAO! So-So True.
hello!!! how are u? my new twitter #follow me :-)
"it's not what you are called, it's what you answer to."
All smiles
Thanks for the follow Nicole "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
My son said he wasn't going to be baptized he doesn't want to drown. He just went underwater in the pool moving one step closer.
Bow ties - let's knock that shit off.
ahh that sounds good make it for me ^.^
<U+FFFD>Advocacy is the newest kid on the marketing block
middle name I Marcos!!!:o Now do you no?(:
It's nice that the #Redsox are 0-3, they had a couple of blown saves over the weekend.
Thank YOU for coming out!! What were some highlights of your meal?
So tells , Jamie, n I to meet her @ Chipotle but forgot to mention she won't be there.
i am sorry to here that I am a big jets fan I know the jets would take you and the jets would like to have a player like you
One more day until Tennessee <3
I had my account hacked and now The restored it after I started a new one. What the----!
Such a sad man you are.
Yes. Very good!
Hey friends, we think you will like Witness the Broken, go check them out!
“Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.” (Berthod Auerbach)
Denny's never closes :)
Another day; another tweet
Thank heavens for 's "Felt Good On My Lips"! On repeat the last mile of my first 6 mile walk since getting hurt last year!
ah iwent to PIEDMONT (:
kick him and ask him for some tots...
At the gym. Fighting this bronchitis. Don't wanna overwork myself. You guys please go out and get the new single "You Saved Me".
Not surprised: MT : Apple's market cap just passed the combined capitalizations of Spain, Greece & Portugal
is the best sister ever!!!!!
my thoughts exactly!
If Clinton can do it, u can 2! Ladies, come n 2day au natural & u will get 1 item cleaned 4 free on us!
Where do we vote? I have no idea...
But I'm not a rapper.
congrats to for his #ffl domination. i'm jealous.
I did it for a reason.. So you'd remember me
Pretty sure that and the #OnGoal wives could throw lunchmeat at us and we'd love it. (This was not a suggestion though!)
Two more supporters, this time in Encanto!
Fox News on in the breakfast buffet.
The Archaeology tech tree pic in #Civ5 is dinosaur bones... ARCHAEOLOGY IS NOT PALEONTOLOGY.
Happy Tuesday to you too! RT : Happy Tuesday!
I'm registering for ! Who's with me?!
#Santorum or #Gingrich? I can't decide!
Kudos to the WA Health Dept and WA Legislators for their vaccination program
Saw ya in airport security this morning. Woulda said hi but didn't want to interfere with the TSA's full beard inspection.
Fresh start
how was it? Awesome?
not using it
Thanks lady! Hopefully we will be up and running soon, you will have to come down and check it out!
thanks fer da web quest hartman!!!!!
Parking pass obtained. Worth an extra $20 dollars a month to avoid light rail creepers and get an hour and half of my day back? I think so.
Did I even spell that right?
SO we're not talking in class today. Instead, working out the problem in silence. Who knows if this will work?
of course! Loved the souffle! xo RT We're flattered!
Listening to
OK now for these AABS Baltic abstracts...
ok lil wannabe thug
Great Job tonight!!!
Happy mothers day. To the bestes yes I said bestes mom ever. You do so much for me. Love you.
Yes, I am aware that LaToya is more common, but it is not what Brenda Gayle named me. My name is Toya. Just four letters. You will deal.
YEAH HE DIDN'T :D who said that?
Sweet got the gig at fallon community health! I will get paid to ski!!
Release of is big news -- the first application of 's Scribe tool to a humanities transcription project.
I'm cursing my phone out right now! I hate this droid.
Ohmygod. janitors smell awful.
Mine - taxi driver and/or street vendor of fried chicken breasts....;-)
If you got an email from me with a link, please don't click on it. My account got hacked. I'm afraid I DON'T have a quick path to $10,000.
Getting excited for U2 on Tuesday...but who is The Fray? I was really looking forward to seeing Lenny Kravitz :(
7 Steps to Harness the New Social #Internet World hosted by the #JuniorLeague of
oops typo. Anyway sent ur stuff so you don't have to be blind and id-less anymore. Gonna buy my flight up for your grad soon!
didn't mean to get your hopes up. Human error, happens a lot!!
Yes, sports bra and bball skills required. Lol. Maybe is available?": would I have to wear a sports bra?"
Story of my life!! Lol(: <33
Dean Martin <3
Too funny! I sure do miss all of our professors!
Woohoo! I've been ready bits and pieces, but am about to finish my first book, too.
OMG you guys, I totally spaced about tomorrow's #rapture. It sneaks up on you like voting day you know!? lolz So what time does it start?
You will be infected.
Gambling, drinking monks raise hell in South Korea, per reuters news.
what's with the purple avatar? First , now you. Is it an AK thing?
happy day of birth ((:
Before I woke up,I was filled with blood and wounds, hiding under a staircase.
on to the next one
how many mayorships do you have now?! miss you!
Had a dream I was freaking out because they played on the radio
so Far So Good !
Wow. So did I! :) (dob Feb 6, '84) Great list, thank you for sharing. Best of luck making it all happen as you move forward.
"Be thou my vision, the Lord of my heart, not be all else to me, see that thou art."
Yeah I think so. Most of them NEED common sense before they waste there lifes.
I hope this game goes into like 6 OT's
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there ...
by who?
great to meet you as well - thanks for the writing the book!
Go ! Win this thing!
I can't get signed in to tablet? Any suggestions? Saying acct not found??
The present moment is all you ultimately need to find your true, higher self again. It's that simple. All u have to do is come back to now.
Nice seeing you at the Coretta Scott King event!
Congrats! Can i have a shoutout? :)
Hey there, did you get the packet I sent you?
Any Chicago folks trying out ?
"In order to be irreplaceable, 1 must always be DIFFERENT." ~QMG Lucky 4 u, no one else has ur body, brain, smile... Always remember that ;)
So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
you ain't even following me Whoo, I just checked... Trying to be Slick, Ah Hah
Z!z
we could have to play 2 teams in Ole Miss and Bama that matches up well physically with UK and played UK tough the 1st time around
You don't know what you got till its gone
I had an inkling that you came from good stock! P.s. those are my relatives too.
I aim to please! :-)
Cubs lose again. Fun season so far.
maybe I'll just carry this look over into Halloween & use it as my costume?
now THAT is silver lining sir.
One who does not learn in peace time will never learn in war time.
indie roots rock! My absolute favorite. rocks.
Had a great meeting with my friend Thea today. We're talking rep for an upcoming performance. What are your favorite Sop & Mezzo #duets?
2 design approvals in 1 day...way to go has a Rock Star on their hands!
Just got our tix for Lisa Lampenelli!
Just booked my next film "Snapshot" director: Eric etabari, starring Robert loggia, John aprea, Angela gotts. Shoots in march!! Yay!!!!!
Now they're playing Just Can't Get Enough. Bro, they're trying to make me fangirl.
Just spoon me, OK?
i vote for Gauguin's 'spirit of the dead watching'... or maybe Frida Kahlo's 'self portrait with monkey'. incredible museum.
Who said there is any justice in this world?
Teachers call it cheating, we call it teamwork
I no longer need to punish, deceive or compromise myself. Unless, of course, I want to stay employed.
Right?! I was thinking that to! Have you ever been to Memorial City Mall? My mom works there! I go like all the time!(:
getting tired of being broke but thats what happens when u work in a restaurant with little to no business
im great how have you been i miss you as well sista
HOME...working tonight in Bmore
might go to sleep earlier than usual
Twitter has changed. I'm not getting it D:
And what about human-hologram marriage?
more floors !!
I make the most perfect mistakes.
jajaj I can help you with it cx
Hey boy let me talk to you <U+2665>
It's a great video and we're so proud of those who put it together!
You were close. I was quoting Pretty In Pink. But this kids name really is Blaine.
Thanks for your support!
Boy: My tongue bleeding? Cuz I just bit it!
True dat. That's when I wanted to puke; when I saw them on the screen for the "Game B4 the Game"
When & met at this yr's , Wildcats won by 10. Think things will be different in their rematch?
lol ! Girl don't worry ! You'll do AWSOME !!!!!!
LOL... idk... I want to, but I want to grow my hair out using protective styles so I don't know if it makes sense...
... a rare occasion indeed Katie.
Soon I'll need to make a small investment into some design mags!
Interested in a career in social justice? Attend an alumni panel from 6-7:30 tomorrow at CCE. For more info, email to .
HEY ...LIL ROBIN.. THIS BITCH CCAN TWEET STAY ON MY LEVEL.... HOE.... LOL
If yur gonna be a bear.. Be A Grizzly
Any news on when and where the NY run will be next year. I'm so excited about it!!
where are you taking them?
*Oops, be careful! You don't want to waste a good thing! ;)
FOX Brit Hume: Colombian Hookergate. Boys will be boys! We do not know what happened - premature to speak. POTUS already rebuked them! Brit?
Time we crack down hard on economic traitors to US like -let them leave if they want, but their wealth and jobs must stay in US!
Seriously lady get off your phone before I slap you...
Nicely done on the website Man! Kudos to you and to your successful VO career! Go get 'em Brian! See you in class on Sat.
Beyond ridiculous RT : Mitch, I can't believe you even put option A (fire Bo) on the list. That's ridiculous.
I understand <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> RT : The feelings obvs aren't the same<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> RT : You know I love you ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
For dads who think quality time is having their child sit next to them while they play video games, we pray.
Yep, the Duranti message was the one that made me think. It's not every day someone takes a shot like that at Schellenberg.
happy Friday! yesterday was a busy surgery day - today we get to rest a bit!
Today in Invention History:Tesla receives patent in 1888 for “electrical transmission of power"sparking battle b/w his AC and Edison's DC
Oh shit, it's Oprah's birthday today and she forgot to buy me something!
Which is sad. It's his 2nd election unopposed -- not because he's popular, just low interest in wanting successful SD schools.
The brass discourage tagalongs due to liability issues, but I'd be happy to share garbage tales with you
I think Shelby and Alex make the best couple. c:
Secure leaders are able to believe in others because they believe in themselves.
hey how you doing??
<3 your blog! :) Very inspiring!
okay, staying off twitter until I write this damn paper -_-
I can't wait to see it!! Every Mother's Day I always think of the first time you to did that- Joe is with me and says thanks! :)
It doesn't add up, all the deficits from '02 to '09 only come to $3.5T, even by conservative estimates that's $1T short.
I'd be excited to see a post. It's always good to hear ways that a professionl org can do better, espec a small 1 like DVAG
I don't just follow anyone, consider urself #lucky ;)
Boy this edit is tough
agreed! But it is still wildly entertaining.
in no one place :/
The girls at Central Campus <3
I seriously cannot wait for the day when the first single from the new album premieres on the radio. I will go cray cray!
Need.New.Joke.
#3WordsForYou I'm back bitch
i have sleeping issues.
from ? She said it was announced on goom radio or something.
Mic check! :) xo
get over it and shut up, you don't even know what you're talking about.
i may need JABA -now- rather than later.
Phoenix Open today was amazing. Met some amazing people with , , and more!
oh hey
"It's really hard to play when you don't play much. He's trying to do something to stay on the court," Stevens on Crishawn Hopkins.
they all start with B! So do our names! #conspiracy?
Why is it every time I post something it shows up several times? Sorry everyone.
May cannot come soon enough.
Frannie D solo show tonite Franny D solo set at the Piano Bar
and we're tryna come out your way and play Thomas again. if you're booking hit us up.
A belated "Thanks for the love" tweet aimed right at you. Thanks for your support!
I'm #StronglyAttractedTo My Boyfriend . &
haha its true shit tho . & thats good - ive been doing some going out . Im at a KB tonight tho ..maybe & Nope . lol
superfans -.-'' that's mean.. there are more than 60000000 millions support you and you have superfans .. that's a joke no? :(
Today is the last day to get your 6 inch subs from Subway for only $1.25! For delivery only from BrewCItyBites.com!
Bosio gives up a 2-out single to Steinbach, who moves to 2nd on a wild pitch, but Brewers escape without damage. 8-6 Crew.
According to my 4sq only you and have a level ten. And someone called "pizzasnobo" - who's that? lol
Watching Desperate Housewives Season Finale with my mommadukes and my jas<3
Super webinar, Jay - thanks!
Yuraskik, thanks for following me.
For sure! RT : I'm so inspired by #10mph documentary. Life can teach you a lot if you just go out and live it.
Please take a look for an awesome opportunity for learning Magic from a legend of Magic! DONT MISS IT!!
my best pictures are the ones i never took
Our beloved Scottie Barty passed away peacefully tonight. She was in the company of many friends. We love you Scottie!
pro driving my baby cakes around! :)
relaxing in the park blogging
TIP: App in Seconds caches the images or sketches used in your prototype so you can show it while not connected to the internet. Yay!
that's some old school real nigga shit there
Exciting news! will be playing the next #BingNewMusic show at on March 30th!
follow this girl :)
#ThePeoplesRepublic scoops up Bryce Harper despite dropping him a few days ago...Welcome to the bigs Bryce!
What are you doing on 11.15.11 for America Recycles Day? Let me know and I'll list your event on www.artisansgonegreen.
's star-studded business meeting took place today on SMB and Crescent Heights due south of tomorrow's MAJOR Cllooney/Obama fundraiser.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Who is hotter? Erin Andrews or Shannon Spake? The race is closer than you might think.
Going to really miss listening to you two work together this season...you two were the best together
I just found 20 dollars
"We're living in a fantasy...tell me would you care to be my lady?"
RT "What is a weekend?" #DowntonPBS here's to Maggie Smith's killer lines!!
Commodities prices i.e. copper, crude, etc. have fallen indicating less demand...economy not yet picking up as forecast. Recovery delay.
Now THAT sounds like a good way to go out! I'm flying from Florida to celebrate the end of the world in Rome! Haha
Current weather forecast for Saturday: 77 and sunny
Any info on whether DC emergency shelters will accept pets as well?
Building websites with Joomla: great look & feel, but can I do that? Concerns about skill level/support. #THATCampFl Day 1 "Other Platforms"
We just had a great end-of-the-year company meeting. Looking forward to great opportunities in 2012!
I promise the food, service and beer selection will continue to be delicious!
Anyone whose known David for some time won't believe it but... he is now, without mustache!
I can officially say that I am done with my senior year spring semester! Too bad I have one more. Summer here I come!
We are looking for special offers and deals to offer our members. are you a professional offering a service or product? must be a specific …
I think my kids are trying to kill me. Behavioral Manslaughter should be a thing.
Just had the worst salad ever from usually love their salads. Don't know what's going on over there.
#SometimesYouHaveTo be a bitch get things done.
i'm guessing your doing a video for karate kid. And you have some song on there. Sound about right?
In the 90s.... there were millions of peaches.
that wasn't an earthquake, idk what it was but in mission beach i felt a bunch of loud thumping
#AskRyan Would You Follow Me?
"The phone call ended in such a way that I wasn't sure just what to say, who to call, how to feel. Won't someone tell me is this even real?"
its cus harry lost his breath in the middle of his solo,last time it happened he got really upset we don't want it to happen again
Just fell a little bit in love with the Princeton Arch Press office dog and office puppy. Yellow labs, I think. Every office needs one.
My mom thinks I can put my put shoes on one handed. Crassy. Doesn't she know Imma cripple?
Thanks ! I knew you would agree! Lets just hope the casting office does!
Happy Weekend! Cooling Trend. Dropping temps by 30 degrees. Chance of showers. Don't 4get to fall back Sun, End of daylight savings.
I would have prolly been freaking out inside upon meeting Jay Park >< especially causes he only a year older then me
should i get in a relationship ? ive been having so much fun being single ..
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Wait,Are we gonna have A test on this?
I should be working but I am to busy reading folks tweets lol
If that guy were a pastor, I would totally go to his church.
Will you be live tweeting?
great article; Husker fans, esp. in Nebraska, are hyper-invested in NU. That's not always easy to deal with as Bo's learned.
Imagining the sun exploding, turning into a giant fish made out of flames, coming close to the earth, saying "Hello, warm friends."
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers!
almost positive u just ran by my house
Fine everyone I'm a horrible person happy
YES. I would love to never hear that word again. RT The fold is a myth and needs to die™
League standings coming soon.
Sick of hearing that millennials don't know how to do research "the right way." We serve THEM and should adapt accordingly.
PLEASE DON"T LET THEM BACK!
Happy to help spread the world. Looking forward to your layover in L.A!
Thanks for the follow!
do you guys have a FB page? Not a group or profile- a page ;)
When you say something borderline-bad to your parents, but they didn't hear so you change what you said.. Miracles do exist <3
Twitter hasn't worked on my iPhone in 2 months. Suggestions?
happy halloween!
I promise though!!! I actually like that movie.
Great to meet u &/or thx for RTs!
Anonymous hacks in and shuts down UMG's website. WOW!
today on the bus Ellie was like I can't believe you didn't tell me about the 1D contest and im like oh I forgot..
What is one thing you can accomplish this week that will bring you closer to a big goal?
Can't wait!! So excited!! : Can't help but notice the countdown to #KATHY in corner of screen! Thurs 10PM"
Working hard on CelebritySpouses.net to launch this summer. Gathering all the experts and content.
An important thought. I gave up complaining for Lent (even tho I'm Jewish) & it felt great!
Tim Duncan, kinda good.
"Why can't you be happy for me then go home and talk about me behind my back like a normal person?"
facts: Every year, dogs kill more people in the US than Great White sharks have in the past 100 years.
history: Mark Twain claimed to be the first author to use a Remington typewriter
I think the problem with people like this is that they're so stupid that they have no idea how stupid they are. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Not sure Weeks is batting high enough in the order.
Still, the fact remains that many people continue to engage in this self destructive habit
Don't be worried about how I'm doin me.
Spring, meet Wisconsin. Wisconsin, Spring.
oh my fucking gosh.
When is 80s prom?
Ball so hard my ankle hurt
I has always wanted a brother.
Oh, laundry? What's that?
followed you and your friend.<3:)
now that i quit smoking, i go on fresh air breaks. you should too. like a ten minute walk around the block or whatever.
u knw I gots to get my love b 4 our gm ;).
Nice, hey what time are yall goin to buffalo??
Drunk texting>>>>>
You bullshit on me then I will bullshit on you that's how the game goes so chose your moves wisely
by : yea and he dunked off the entire laker line up...sad he is gone
Off work and ready to start this 4th of july weekend!
ubaldo is eating up LA tonight! 3 hitter and dominating thru 8.
And his address. RT : They knew his name. They knew his name.
No doubt!
great time on the air with today!
When Riley wake up she be messing with EVERYTHING smh she bad as hell but bouta stp tweetn so we cn play n talk :)
That Lemon Fresh is so flirtatious! And she has an "acidic wit." OMG really? Who thinks this is what people want?
about to make some tastyy breakfast and get on to the next chapter. Woke up to some chainsaws and trucks right outside my window...So sleepy
Android's swype feature confused chihuahua and fajita.
Due to due to untimely circumstances, tomorrows salsa boot camp will be rescheduled later in the month.
m yes, frying is delicious. do you know if it scales to accommodate the quantity of tomatos known as "an assload"?
Paper hearts.
The guy from Five for Fighting should have been cast in The Lord of the Rings.
love you sister!!!!
Don't know wether you're being sarcastic or bluntly serious.
That is my problem,too! It is harder to collaborate within my school than with other schools.
Thanks for the #FF! I love you!
Thanks for the follow, Jean. Another lover of high heels!
i work in broward. i live in miami -_-
When I Was Little We Used To Make Up Games On The Spot...
is better than
Mixing a class in the fitness regimen is a wake-up call to muscles I didn't even know existed!
Many thanks to friends yesterday for helping with some impromptu "market research" on cookbook dust jackets. Contentious debate!
Thanks again and enjoy the muffins!
Yummy pot luck lunch and talking about cartoons with a cute boy.
Outstanding Achievement award in music - Tinga Stewart
How is it 1:30 and I'm nowhere near tired even after a kickass weekend? I'm a machine... Is tomorrow Monday?
Beautiful! I love the color!
I Know You Like The Back Of My Hand Baby ;]
This fast age, with its fast horses and faster men, has brought about that rather fashionable monstrosity, the fast woman. (1857)
Badgers are stanly tonight
At least the bronie presentation at #barcamproc is only 5 minutes this time.
Nope. I was born gay too. I don't have those genes.
How Did D.C. ’s Stodgy Old Palm Boost Sales? It Got A Makeover
ryan leslie does everything from scratch thats why i respect him .. real music maker ... alot of producers dont do that ..
You're so sweet! Your tweets make me laugh---you always say smart stuff about gender. Rock on.
VegEdge Christmas Eve Special at 5pm FOOD NETWORK'S COOKING CHANNEL 184 w/ Chef Wes Hannah & many other Veg Chefs!! www.cookingchanneltv.com
Watching back-to-back live comedy shows again tonight. I did something right to get my life to this point.
In love with the weather
BRING THE KID
nice one (with or without sponsoring)
Oh wait I have some in my backpack
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
Life is, more than anything, a forgotten scene from "Charles in Charge".
Sweating from places I didn't know I had! Wish this lady would turn her heater off!
#Recruiting Legal #Record Clerks in #Boston! Must have #LegalKey experience. Contact me for details!
never let you go
mail order lol
I love when my girlfriend send me goodnight txts
RT : Anyone using #designthinking in a museum? Interested in helping w/ wkshp ? Have exp w/gift-giving ex?
im tryin to figure out how i got it. not been around anyone sick or suckin face w/anyone for months. lol
A tricycle race. Congrats! :)
well of course!
So cute!! ": Lucy and John David wearing their favorite blankies as capes last night! Happy Monday! xx NG & twins http...
I love New York, baby birds....my sweeties!!! that is why the first 50 pple get FREE laps from yours truly!!!! so lets party
PSA: Please take care when emailing or texting the word "site". I somehow entered the word "shite".
And she bought me a Zayn poster all the way from England!!! is better than you!!!!
they looking for you for raping men
Staying up all night with gotta finish this history project!! #workwork. <U+E404>
I think my nephew is a comedic genius. He’s only in seventh grad and he’s already writing sophomoric humor.
G'Night Super Sarah -- thanks for being with us again tonight!
Excellent! What's the presentation? #areyoumadatme?
...my family is still living along the lake so when I go back to #roc and visit I'll be sure to snap&share #LakeOntarioLive pics!
Thanks, I will when I'm out there in December!
Hello today Healthy hair products treat is Lavish Moist Shampoo cme to all 4 stores today chk facebook for locations
thanks for leaving behind some brownie!!
On the search for someone to do my hair for prom. Any takers?
*sub-tweeting*
Can't wait!
Best. Wedding. Ever.
Test post from HubSpot.
Let it snow, Let it snow, Let it snow
Forming a direct sell dream team in DFW! Looking for strong business leaders for top spots. If interested @ mention me.
the one and only...MrAshtonJ
Everyone should have a friend named Paco in their lives. The fact that I don't have one is upsetting.
haha. Maybe one day, that relationship won't last. That's a top notch woman for one of the best footballers around.
always gotta go sox...that's just simple x's and o's there.
Little baby cow in the field by La Fit off Midway & Park >>>
the 4 is being announced tomorrow :)
WHAT THE FUCK IS EVEN GOING ON ANYMORE.
are the lime slices organic? Cause I got food poisoning from those once.
But I don't think the GOP is going after the black middle-class explicitly. It's collateral damage.
#nf MY FIRST INSTINCTS!!
Feel free to get an extension. I know you've had a rough week!
Ugh. So we've been taking these state mandated tests the last two days in school, and they're SO ANNOYING.
hi hun how r u today see u soon on #loyalsaturday xo
I hate when people text you drunk and it causes unnecessary drama
YES!!! When do DC tix go on sale??? RT : Ding dong! Boston? D.C.? We cometh.
The only reason I look at my school agenda is to see when I don't have to come to school.
I favorited the last one, about the eggs. xD lmfao
WOW. Just got a nasty-gram from an Amazon seller because I left *** neutral feedback. They're demanding that I remove it! Some nerve!
time to start the night
when's your next event ?
hi bby. i love you~
Emily Temple of flavorwire/ can do no wrong.
DC: Cast your vote for Kwame Brown! Chairman of the DC City Council. "It's time for change".
Dear Ms. : My tiara looks great on you. Plz return it asap
I never have my phone on me anymore, it's useless.
Hope they all get to see the scrolls! RT : Did you know that 5.5 million visitors visit Fort Worth annually?
New Spring Menu debuts tonight! Come ch-ch-check it out.
It's been real, King's. See you tomorrow?
Game time! Get some!
I have direction now.
Great show tonight!
Guiltless and justified! haha.
what is aug10th?
Alright. Don't care about the weather. Go back to golf.
#terrygross is bringing tears to my eyes ... Incredible interviews with firefighters who survived #9/11
She does beautiful lacquer work. Check it out! RT Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran.
RING RING RING LOL MY S***
dear followers: this is Hilsen. Had to namechange for the NAASTL :)
On the phone with my girl Vonna girl!
Come see live music this weekend! Jimmy T. Performs tonight 7-11pm. Enjoy classic hits with Mark Croft on Saturday 7-11pm.
how's life
'there's got to be thousands of people on this' first glance at twitter
Looking forward to an honest conversation at the
what the steelers at full strenth next week when the ravens play them so there is no excuse
One Direction <U+2665>
www.worldchampionfans.com Saints Season is upon us..... Get your banner, only a few days left to register!
can you please elaborate on what you mean by "brainwashing?" What is your reasoning behind this statement. I'm just curious.
loving my healthy pistachio snack -
Check our BABDomains.com recently launched by Big Apple Brits - Cheapest Domain Name Registration, Web Hosting, Marketing & more http:// ...
yeah! I shot a cactus with a shotgun haha.
Hey everyone, Follow off topic for THT but if you like to eat some delicious food, Vegan or Not, check it out.
No Doubt!!
In all reality boosie more than likely did it, but when a jury takes less than 90 minutes, you know the judge and jury were paid off.
I know bub we need to chill sometime.
Thank you :).
ah yes, I know what book you're talking about now. Thnx :)
my teacher said to me today he has a feeling that ima be in detention all nxt year - he has a correct feelin cuz i know i will be lol :D
Body Pump, Pilates, hunger, exhaustion.
#sincewebeinghonest Lamar Odam is making it rain!!! THREE's!!!!!
seems like this would be a great exercise for students (who have more difficulty negotiating intellectual prop)
Lakers get such homer calls
Dr Cerf discussing his work with JPL exploring the possibilities of interplanetary internet in 1998.
Great job this morning on #Charlotte Talks!
yup they r yummy
Yes we were very close. and everyday I wake up I want to call, then I realize she's not here. It's devastating.
lol too bad im not suspended
Almost done with Xmas shopping...and I had to go ahead and get an early bday treat for myself :)
Oh snap! Lol :) RT : I might have to follow my sis in-law
but he still got killed by a shark
Fascinating! said that her project (Echolytics) used the project as a service!
I started attending baseball games when the royals were still spent training in ft myers so I'd say we're both veterans
Thanks girl <3 I'm not going to let whoever this is get to me.
I hate when Kevin is post tipsy. He acts dumb and it's weird since he always try to be on his P's and Q's call it how I see it. #FLOP lol.
What better day to adopt a puppy than on #NationalPuppyDay? In Espanola #NM . In Albuquerque
Okay everyone, I am looking for a bag for my iPad 2 that works with the smart cover. It would be cool to hold the wifi keyboard too.
No problem, just busy. :)
What am I supposed to do for sports today? No NFL, NCAA FB, or NBA.
Just passed Fatty Arbuckle.
It's distracted me from all the Hot Toys / Sideshow talk I've heard on all the podcasts I listen to.
Ditto...0 Cautions Beats 1 Chopper
Survived the night. It wasn't bad in my area, but lots of people suffered damage, esp. in AL, IN, and OH. Prayers and thoughts to them.
love it! I'm doing some DIY Ombré action soon. That white collared shirt did was everything. Loved it!
Note to Idol...give judges a time out. Hire Jimmy Iovine to take their place.
Is the mob out to get you? We can provide personal protection on barter. Better the professionals watch your back!
TBF the picture is not nearly as good as it would be on proper TV but i'd have to buy one of those
Adam, Sorry I missed you. Been away from twitter for a few days. I'll email you!
My tummy is in knots :/
It wouldnt be parsons unless the graduation was a complete and utter shit show
okay that's understandable...
I agree it should be small, med,large <---- pre graduation 2xl YOUR A MAN!!!
ex* omg
Food Fact of the Day: April 2, 1863 Richmond Bread Riots occurred- Hundreds of angry women march on the governor's office to demand bread.
Sure! Shall I email you the details?
if I die before I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take because I'm ready for the funeral.
Think I want some chicken
My moms getting an iphon4s! Its gonna be non-stop texting with her lol.
hi chelsy are you following me?
change the mouse to a dog?
On this day 1974 Atlanta Braves outfielder Hank Aaron hit 715th career home run passing Babe Ruth as all time leader amidst death threats
Gettin a red bull. I need the energy for the gym!
Does anyone know if downloads can work on like Apple TV and my iPhone????
Mom,your okay with having nothing in life. I'm not, so shut up.
If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, pick up the damn rock and throw it at someone
Planning to revolutionize theatre in Reno. Ideas?
it sure is!
In Motion, time waits for no man!
Central is planning a Halloween Party what DJ's would you like to see?
I think I have the best leg of all...I get to run over the famous 7 mile bridge at sunrise today!
Alex and Robert live !(: We got this:D Follow please?(:
Happy Birthday to me! Yes Im a virgo diva
I'm in love with and no one and nothing will ever change that!
Everybody I WAS textin fell asleep on me...smh..
Make this a Powerful day 7:00am tomorrow.
Maybe and can take on a pizza of their own!
I understand it. It's not like the skins have other needs.
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever. <U+2665>
Had the doctors todayy i got a inhaler ehhhh :)
Tom and Lynette is trending..... yes, they finally got back together. Thank the housewives lord!
We always have a great time full of laughter and funny stories for each other!
Off to the factory of theatre
Aright's 3D glasses - another attempt to get teens to stop hooking up at the movies.
except the import function doesn't seem to work? MT : #medlibs Import into your calendar & add your events in your calendar
RT : Cool new followers:
Speech made me feel good.
Join us for Celebrate Education on Friday, April 15. Maui Waena Intermediate School will be performing grom 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
#ObamaSummerJobs - Gravity Tester
Hot shit, in Brooklyn. Paint it green, watermelon.
If the public option is dead, let's make all Senators & Reps give up the public healthcare they receive as govt employees too.
Also, Lou "Mambo No. 5" Bega is doing an ice show. And that is wonderful.
At Wrigley Field for #cubs v
I love how vibrant everything outside looks just before a perfect storm.
$20 Tickets to ANY PERFORMANCE of RED. Order before midnight Friday August 26th. Use code word: ROTHKO. 816-531-PLAY/www.unicorntheatre.org
Iowa legalizes Medical Corn
Hugged by a holocaust survivor, brought to tears by a refugee. Amazing time New England #FHBenefit Dinner
Sex isa sensation caused by temptation when a guy stix his location in a girl's destination to increase the population of the nxt generation
So that Abe Lincoln movie is actually a real thing. With actors and sfx & everything. Twirls An axe like he's auditioining for color guar
if people could read minds hm
Some of your anointings have not passed code. It looks good but get up to code so that God can use you.
RT thx for mentioning , we presented at L'Accademia romana di belle arti SanLuca last year so some may know it.
Niggas on A$AP rocky dick
We still need 2 producers that are looking 4 recording, touring, movies and video opprotunities.
LOOKING FOR MY MYSPACE WIFE !
RT : Can anyone recommend some kind of a Mac Mini equivalent with a killer GPU? // Tweet it if you find it
Chun: What's the difference between semi automatic happy birthday messages on Facebook and friends contacting us via spam?
Nothin above $$$ ! Except God .
"I don't know how this plays politically. But I know it is right." - on #hcr. Also applies to his #marriageequality stand.
use all this bullshit just make me strong motherfucker , so imma pick the world up & imma drop it on your fucking head!" Lol, this is ...
U guys are doing a NYC meet up, but what about a Boston event? I know we have just as many Chivers and a better city to host you!
sounds interesting
i dont want love to destroy me like it did my family
Thank you & for the signed copy of the remarkable new book #StandingOnTheSun!
Cleaning up with "love songs" pandora station playing. Super caked up mood today. <3
Just got back from taking my sister's dog Brutis for a walk. It's so beautiful outside
Yes, I've heard great things about that one! I just got it for my Kindle. Thanks!
and the name you want me to put on it..
Listening to Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons (Spring)" and wishing I was outside enjoying this GORGEOUS #nyc day!
we can talk she rather fuss .
I feel guilty when I go back to bed after getting my son off to school.
Great question! RT : How will you help young people become more engaged in the political process?
Q1: all students have the opportunity to receive a high quality public education regardless of zip code, race, gender, disability
Join us for this free webinar with HubSpot's Pamela Seiple, PR Manager, and Jeanne Hopkins, Director of Marketing, to learn why PR 2
ALERT: good thing he didn't critique r teams! RT : Who saw Galen Center on X Factor? home of USC volley, hoops & Simon Cowell.
searching for a DIRECTOR OF FINANCE in MARYLAND. Contact me confidentially via
thank you :) I love their food. I miss you
Art Day! Finishing an Illustration- should be posted on my blog tomorrow! :)
Hi Barbara. Is Shark Tank still accepting inventors for this season or possibly next? Hoping to meet you!
Niece & nephew where slightly (read "slightly" as if it is the opposite of reality) excited when they found out I was taking care of them.
Good idea.
what are you giving up for lent?
Almost everything set 4 my BDay party next tues at redemption lounge in stuart, FL. All I need now is the gifts!
I hope someone fucks you up you piece of shit.
you betcha! Keep doing the good things you do!
One FREE month of marketing and SEO coaching.... I have it... You want it?
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im going shopping all over the world :-) :-) :-)
Now it's time for the next session, How to get people talking offline with at
xoxoxo gotta love this girl !!
Very Cool! RT : thanks for following :) Nice that you are actually my 305th follower!
WHERE'S THE VIDEO?!
When your man grabs his chapstick and uses it in one use
yeah. Our bathroom has soft lighting: blessing+curse. Nice when I'm in there, but a shock on campus w/ fluorescents everywhere.
Day 4 of captain's school today. Aids to navigation. Here we go!
Amazing event at Lucas Oil Stadium, thanks to all who attended. Thanks to all of the models, you were amazing! We love you!
RT : RealNetworks Twitterview with is about to start momentarily! Get ready!
RT : "Sometimes you got to try something different to know that is right."- A. Lee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> ..
stick a few fingers in your teen pussy
Creepy: my Gmail and YMail p/w's were both changed ~2am last night. Both accts now recovered, but wondering: keylogger? detection tips?
"There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness." – Lady Blessington What makes you so happy that you feel beautiful?
hate me or love me its doesnt matter.....dats wats up these days
next year? we still talkin this year...lol
about had a heart attack when Mario said that SO EXCITED!
Greetings to all my friends at or headed to #musesocial! Have fun and keep doing good.
Which is to say my hobbies put the real world in stark contrast.
Children writing contest ages 10-15, Win Cash at Black Writers On Tour. www.blackwritersontour.com
Wait... the Beach Boys are releasing a new album and touring; Van Halen is releasing a new album and touring. What the hell decade am I in?
Respect before Love.
Soho Gallery For Digital Art. will screen Jennifer Lahl's Anonymous Father's Day and Eggsploitation --week of January. 29th.
Phoenix Arizona A O K
. started in techstars tracking data from Akon's Myspace page...now they collect everything. Awesome!
I just watched and liked. Hope you make it. I plan to be there and then I will get to meet you in person. <3<3<3<3<3
You take a really sleepy man, Esmé, & he stands a chance of becoming a man w all his f-a-c-u-l-t-i-e-s intact. --Salinger
same place.have you not looked at the pix? or www.facebook.com/socialcyclesd?boom
Great seeing you! Sorry we didnt get more of a chance to chat -Maybe at the next one? What'd you think of the robot?
Most-Added Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 4: Fan’s Review
Our Rum Raisin Bread Pudding will have you drooling in your sleep! Served with Crème anglaise & cinnamon ice cream!
Got Called A Fat Bitch At Work Today Ctfu .
Very psyched to hear this!
Chillin wit and
Now whatcha gone do with it? Get to it! #BB14 needs you!
thanks kylie. <3 i needed that.
EXCITED ABOUT TODAY:)
&quot;The Beach&quot;, who wouldn&#39;t want to play for that team? Go Long Beach State and your cool jerseys.
using retarded! Might be retarded #mentallyencumbered : cause that in itself is a little retarded.
How has life been treating you? Let's catch up soon.
nice seeing u last night even though it was only 2 seconds lol
Nigga don't call me -_- . You the second to last nigga I wanna talk to at the moment .
One of the older frequent Dillard's shoppers just made my day with a compliment !
If anyone wants to start a game at rio I'm sitting at an empty table and have a dealer in the highstakes cubicle thing
I am getting out of the 80's now. In-flight wifi on Delta? Who knew?
Today is the day! Start now!
Appreciate yout finding us on Twitter!
It's that kind of talk that hurts your recruiting...
Genna Petrolla mentioned Simply Betsy & Co at TEDxCLE 2012 Talks on Citizens & the Next Evolution of Cities!!! LOVE!
Will do! :) Love ya
Mark Gandler, the agent of #Caps free-agent Alexander Semin, will join and myself at 9pm only on 106.7 The FAN!
you'd have to get within 10 feet of me to even be able to find it.
Sneaking out of the office for ice cream at Scoop DeVille!
you mean like mid Roenicke presser on opening day
Don't tell me one thing and do another
are they available in the US?
Way to go New York!!!!
it's coming i promise! i can see it out my living room window here in west seattle!
thank you Kenn. We will definitely let you know. Thanks for the support.
"I want you to feel the love growing inside of me" -Beyonce Baby?........ lol
Hi ! My sister and my brother just told me that you are so pretty in your dp here on twitter :) awww i just wanna say this.
Thats cool. I done gave groupon and publix all my allowance for the week anyhow
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !
ok. Congrats.
And now we will celebrate the 4th by packing. Maybe I should have picked up some red, white, and blue tape to make it more patriotic.
have fun! better see you sometime soon :)
Uh oh...#sickness is creeping in. Impeccable timing.
Come support the Bronco's in our SkyBox Lounge TONIGHT as they battle the SD Chargers! $3 Happy Hour starts NOW!! See you soon!
I like sports and beer. Chicks like Bravo and shopping. Gay dudes like dinner parties and parades. Let em' be, let em' get married.
The good thing about this sick day is being able to catch up on #downtonabbey!
That's a deal! RT if you ever head out east we want to meet up and show you our dank
Enjoy your break everyone! FloCo will be ready and waiting for you when you get back
how so ?
well it is a pretty color, well colors!
A word left unspoken is but a token on your chest, held by silver thread, that will tarnish in the end. Leave it's mark around your neck.
& I HATE it
RT : Claiming someone's marriage is against ur religion is like being angry at someone for eating a donut because ur on a diet.
That's well appreciated my G,thanks!
Glad you're liking it. I find I get into this flow where I keep refining my search terms to try and get to a particular tone.
#NowPlaying "Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
It's a song ... smh. Smile Back , check it out
:)) haha, we had 3 cars & the prom itself was so jumpin'... but yeah, Hampton. You were Howard, right? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
LOL "My marshmallow power core was exposed to moisture 2 days ago & began to mold. Thus I must quit the race." - Newt Gingrich
:O realllyyy? Do you know Andrew foster? David bussey? Mary Carr? Jeremy Carey? Mkay I'll DM you my #
No School For Me Tommorow :)
Top down, Led Zeppelin playing, gorgeous sunshine on my skin, going to see Today is perfect.
#Browns sign DE Jaqua Parker to a one-year $3 million deal. Guy is relentless pass rusher at times...also re-sign CB Patterson to 3 yr deal.
We are always interested in press. What are you thinking?
An insightful blog post (hopefully) will be up on my blog this evening.
Yes! Yes! Go Caps! Congratulations, Ted!
I'm so glad it's Friday!
Just a shit load of band and work, I've been really busy. I got a new phone too :)
Congrats to and for making it to the final round of the Battle of the Brands! You guys are great!
At the WilCo health department picking up a food permit. It's decorated with framed artistic b&w photos of people washing their hands.
another long night learning... doing... and encouraged.
Do you ever have live music on the show?
yep that's me
Wow, thanks! Glad you tried them out and liked them.
Exactly!!!! Like please go have a seat and read that book you wrote cause that's the only thing on your side...
Going to wait for the #EURUSD to retrace a bit then buy the dip
#Romney wants to amend the constition to OVERRULE the very things he claims should be a state issue and to take away rights.
w/e, waste of time is a waste of time. Another commercial is better than some stammering bafoon reciting random kid's names.
Thank u
A mess he tried it
NEON Go Go with DJ Wizz Kids - 3 go go dancers in black light neon!!!! you wont want to miss this one!!!
MOTHERS DAY IS TOMORROW?!?! HOLY SHIET
My bf is like my best friend<3 he listens to me, and gives me advice, he's the best.
SMH is the worst text/Facebook/Twitter abbreviation to come out since TGIF.
Now that I'm online, gonna follow all the cool Twitter people at yesterday's Google Big Tent event
Pretty sure just used logo before a, uh, bathroom segment?...umm, we'll take it? Lol
it means youre welcome:) and no worries^_^
Sweet! I want to eventually have both of these done though. Would you recommend the cartilage first?
What a douchebag!!
Made my lunch, wanted coffee so I made that but then I grabbed a Corona. Coffee < Beer Nothing like beer n sports
Or: not being open to/appreciative of all comments on your looks is a sign that you have the wrong politics, apparently
skylar followed this acct the first nite she got It. I was
NYEG (New York Entertainment Group) meeting tonight was AWESOME! Chek www.newyorkentertainmentgroup.com for info on the next meeting 8/23/11
Good things come to those who wait.
i miss you buddy!
How many days until the MLS playoffs start
If I had known that yesterday's winning horse was named I'll Have Another, I would have bet on it.
You took that spot just to deny to another, didn't you? Hahahahaaha.
Considering doing something very bad.
if we're so honorable to bury him properly why did we go in and assassinate him. He should have been given a trial if we're so 'above that'
I pushed Humpty Dumpty off the wall!
returned from whirlwind tour of Western side of the continent at 3:15a, in meetings since 7:30a; would trade a kidney for a mocha right now.
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
Hair cut by Lauren at Mask...prospective BNI member!
Day 5. Arrrrgh. So much catching up to do.
Almost some with high school life :D
You're welcome!!! :) how is the pain now?
“ Do you ever wonder what your life looks like through someone else's eyes?”
Happy birthday to Penguin!
One reflects on there birthday...If they do not...then they are a Vampire....
Hey guys please show your support by following !
We're hiring a Spanish speaking community manager and outreach specialist. Email .
in regards 2 geo based ads, I assume the recipient has 2 sign up 4 individual solicitations how is permission scaled?
hey Wasup Guys! Its da twins form chicos market(el grullo market)..U guys look like ur going far! Goodluck in all you do!!
Heaven! Is that in Shelburne?
the berries and the ginger predominate, and that way I get my greens too.
It's okay. Everyone makes mistakes. I mean you're here aren't you?
that is one ugly ol' rig you've got. It's not the worst eyesore in this campground we're in, but it's close. :P
Hopefully everyone saw The Avengers so they can come to Masters of the Universe at The Troc tonight.
your little cuz my goonie merkem city rider you kno me stop it k
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only $6.99...
Stuck on Odin in FF13...putting it down for a while and picking up another game. Heavy Rain or White Knight Chronicles (GameFly is good!)
Really? A doctors appointment on my last free day before seph mack?
She's back Baltimore !!! A cool conversation w/ at 430pm today, as we preview Os/Yankees & chat #NFL ...
": with french fries BITCH !" Lmao, dude sthu !
Thank you for your Lenten mercy posts. So needed. : )
Entrepreneurial Spirit: IF I don't work... I don't get paid
The red Swingline stapler is jammed!
Oh hell no, he don't mean what he say ... You need to be on that #FuckNiggasGetMoney crap
sounds promising
Have a strong and wonderful day homie
Just ordered bacon for lunch....
Looking forward to attending: Training Tomorrow's Workers Today: How the Right Investments Can Make a Difference 5/22/12
I miss that too :( lol where are you
In a crappy mood today and my solution is gardening. I'm so lame.
JOIN Holli and Michael of Playboy Radio "SWING" during Tropic MiamiBeat Saturday night parties. www.siriusxm.com/playboyradio
Awesome night. See ya tomorrow #rethinkmusic Can't wait for some more awesome speakers!
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
Cool mexican joint down the street from us? Yes.
Awesome movie!
I'm really tired of the limits of merchant account API. Really, we can't call your API and capture the last 4 digits?
Sending prayers to the people of Japan.
Haha brandon painted my nails for me. :)
Ohh yes, and I are ready for the concert tomorrow! (:
I hate typos!
Aerating Your Lawn
headed to oakland
To the man on the moped today- that takes balls of steel to ride that sucker on the #405 in rush hour traffic....wait is that even legal???
Fuck the prosecutor tell em the Bugatti's new.
you are so cute...
honestly, and I don't say this to be rude, I think u r blinded to real issues with the idea that u make a difference
Happy Mothers day to everybody's mom & mine!! (: <3
of course! mainly just dropped followers who I consider spammers, but twitter does not.
Happy birthday Andy. You know, 40 is the new...something :)
I'm not signing up for more webinars with marketers: They are all a sales pitch! Defies the purpose of social communications and
great spot for being organized!
at least we have each other
s/o to all my new Followers
#FF My new wasteoids and bloods!
Totally had a great spa night at spa Roma thanks to prettycity.com
How did you do that ? Whatta shot !!
Hope you will be rockin a BXP tee there... lets go ANDY!
me:L
Especially if you love your cardiologist! RT : nothing says love like sliders, mozzarella sticks and chicken rings!
I feel like such a dork for yelling out, "Hidden Mickey" while watching The Muppets movie.
“: hi Todd, my first tweet. Xx” please follow Terri- she has the inside scoop on travel and wine!!!!
Our live music has just started. Come rock out and have some green beers
“: oh ayt! All the best with that lady :-) Its a success ;-)” Thank you so much. I know it will <U+E056>
I saw an undergrad in class torrenting the textbook IN class today.
Text FOXGRILL to 38681 to receive discounts and promotions. (standard rates apply) 6 days ago
Bartschi!!!! Go Hawks go!
Thinking of all the great shows that will be played this summer by #DMB. Alpine, Gorge, WPB, SPAC, Deer Creek, etc. Can't Wait!!!
And just so a train take off towards seatac.
Eager to have YOU in Seattle! RT : Visiting Seattle next week. Meet design team for my solo show.
Massive #Torchys "Trailer Trash" taco craving!!!
Geez, I wld rather have Carol Mosely Braun than Bob Fioretti as mayor. The photo-op-obsessed Alderman needs to hang it up.
The pictures are so real and alien looking. It's gross!
It is National Police Memorial Week. That may be why.
I have no doubt its good (Jackman!) but I still cant see a trailer w/o changing RockemSockem Robots! over&over under my breath
Need a spiritual awakening! Any ideas?
Thank you very much, Matt! This is terrific
Okay but tell me when you see it .
because you chose Superman, I gotta go Wolverine, Why? He'd have the balls to hold Lois hostage and bring Supes to his knees
Heading to Hoover to get some long Toss in with
I know :D Well he is coming on monday I think.. Maybe if its a day with nothing important we go on a Justin hunt!! x
Our friends are celebrating their 10th anniversary today. To everyone in Cape Town, cheers!
love this, yes! love a big pile of delish glossy mail + letters! :) rt : Is there anything better than a good mail day?
Good morning to our new followers!
Rockport global campaign taps mobile marketing across 30 countries
When I say " So " that means I still wanna talk, I just dont know what to say.
Ice on the windshield...so this is what winter feels like!
thanks for the #FF love!
I love you so much :)
im following u now (: follow back ? (: and i <3 the same bandz u do :D
Currently watching the players in non HD like some sort of animal.
shout-out to BETHEL GOSPEL Assembly last nite & LIVING WORD Church tonite for leading the Mission's Chapel Service. YAY CHRISTIAN CHURCH
My touchpad randomly stopped working with Twitter still up.. but i fixed it ha i was screwed for a couple minutes
It goes recommended by me.
Shout out to the family w. 3 kids at security w sodas in their carry on. No really - you were so slow I got to skip the X-ray machine.
-Thanks 4 follow! <U+2611>Out www.firmsolutionsltd.com 4 cost-effective, efficient & reliable law firm back-office solutions
i already have my pencil and notebook for notes and in my desk im ready lol
"Appointments are necessary if you wish to come to view the pianos." U of Illinois mass mail is a little weird this morning.
and u love it :)
ha haa, when do i get packing? Who's the target? :)
To ugly randy Jackson jr everything I say on here I have said to ur face so twitter doesn't give me any guts no one is scared of u
I got a tight window... That drive to the south side my kill me... Good lookin tho
ran out of spinach so i used straight kale...not my best smoothie.
awesome Flag staff!!!
Children at Artesia's Yeso Elementary School excitedly waved American Flags. For Flag Day. The Downtown Lions Club donated the flags.
Hi Danielle, I'll be sending you an email with the info I need for your profile - thanks Mike for the DM
The Amateur Millionaires Club ratings have been ASTRONOMICALl!! Thank you all so much for your support! Please Keep watching! The best...
ah nothin better then textin this kid :)
Hey Danielle de Niese says "Don't hate me cuz I'm pretty."
my economic chops arent the best. But what is proposing seems pretty radical no?
the Maloofs couldn't win in Vegas, you're odds are way worse
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival. W. Edwards Deming
Congrats on your craftiness! Did you paint it or do something else?
Monument Lighting Thurs eve Mt Vernon Squre. Join the fun!
did you notice how all the girls on american idol are country? Look what you started :) !
I think it's time to call it a night! We will began the hunt to put the hottest energy drink in every C-Store in the country again tomor ...
OK Mark Jackson. Put the starters back in for OT. What are you thinking? If Warriors lose, he should be fired.
We need to be able to disagree without name calling
Up at 7a.m. for work, haven't seen this time of morning in a long time. Long day of work ahead
Finals are coming up all you UWers!! Take a break from the studying and help us MODEL Sperantsa beanies tmrw at Red Square
I secretly love when meetings get cancelled, especially on a Friday
hey Pixar, you can graft ads for Cars 2 to the backs of my eyelids, still not interested in seeing it. tone it down.
Private movie screeninp
I missed your hello.
She said her tits r ashy
lmfao no ill get money somehow! :p
Didn't get to see the space shuttle flying yesterday, but I'm seeing it now just parking at JFK. Just sittin' there chillen.
its chill tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Chi-town stand-up
love the voice!
Thanks EPA Administrator for a great discussion today about and the work we're doing together!
can I get a retweet from the BEST announcer in all sports?
now speaking in favor of SB 576 on charter schools. Talking with Rep Thomson on accountability and limited expansion.
Completly agree. Can't wait for Storyline!
Clearpath is hiring! We need engineering talent with expertise in virtual desktops, strong IT generalists for Clearpath Hosting (experienc…
I just saw a kid riding his dads roller bag while dad pulled him through the airport:-)
thanks Kelly! Even better, i got to work with the caveman! He is super cool and it was a great shoot. Funny stuff.
I love how chill Sunday nights are, but I hate Monday mornings.
say what
he was good on paper. In real life, no spark.
If it's likely&frequent (and I'll agree abt that),then you shouldn't need research assist to find plentiful examples :-)
you already are to me
excited to see you perform and act in a show with you girlie! See you soon! <3
Rush: Apology not accepted. Ms. Fluke -sue his ass.
absolutely man. Hope to see you out there in the trenches!
@ manuela, again I read it and felt bluster and vulgarity
lol i brought dat 4loko shit out i done had i feeling like u was finna die<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Topher, I'm standing outside the Roxy w/o a ticket! Can you help a guy and his girl out?!
OYEA AND I LOVE YOUR RIDE VIDEO SAY BABY CANT NOBODY IN THA GAME GROOVE LIKE YOU FO'REAL FO'REAL BEEN WAITING ON YOUR RETURN.......
DailyHookahTip#143: Try using a glass screen between the tobacco and the coals to eliminates the need for tinfoil.
Audition Tip: Usually the only way a performance mistake will be obvious, is if you make it obvious that you’ve made a mistake.
Hey Ron, switch lives with me real quick.
Absolutely. “: Allow teams to ease into metrics based on social maturity - good tip to remember from #m2c”
Lo-Dawg & Go-Go are enjoying a tasty Mexican breakfast before work.
on line it says he is still in custdy
Madrocks in Derby is donating 10% of all food sales today to the Alzheimer's Association. 1821 Madison Drive Ste 100. Show your support!
I haven't watched TV on a Wednesday in a while. I usually catch up over the weekend. Haven't seen it yet. Def will.
i mostly drink coffee for my co-worker's safety.
at the buzzer to end the 3rd!
hi zephyr! follow back! and lets meet up soon!
is SO excited to learn that calmoots is connected to Bich Mihn!
See something, say something. Terrorists are gathering intel daily on ways to exploit weaknesses in our Homeland Security. Stay vigilant!
MU better not lose to Murray. That's my accountants* name. (*Bookie)
I feel like im talking to a wall.... but this isn't facebook... so would I be talking to a bird??
Oh just back to the grind! Got a couple things in the hopper that may make the week a bit more pleasant.
no, that's not me!!!
'took a smart shower after getin dumb sweaty'
don't sh me! You sh!
HOLY SHIT, its perfect.
What a cool app is. Found someone here at #DSUM12 knows a friend from
so have you fixed your hair yet?
#Euphoriclife Get on Board
Just saw you in the documentary on Pramoedya Ananta Toer. :)
It's back up for sale. Could be awhile before anything happens with that place, sadly.
Thanks for the new follower
The greatest country in the world!
FINALLY GOT POGH AS MY RINGTONE...
Great jazz last night at the Mission Street Theater: Cyrille Aimée & Diego Figueiredo. Thanks to !
tomorrow I will preside over the swearing in of #Houston's newest lawyers! With Judge Ken Wise as the keynote speaker!
well ain't got no moneys so I may have to do the alternative...
my homie marty just hooked me up with a snuggie!!! I feel like a wizard :)
he was going over. I at first thought someone was falling. I am awake now.
Reggie Bush isn't as good as Strahan when cohosting with Kelly Ripa, but he's not terrible. He has a future in tv
Too many people never get to live up to their full potential because no one will give them a chance.
Ugh What's with these Yanks????
“: yo Im at this lil competition & this group dance to girls talkin bout & I promise to god they did ya whole ending
When u just can't stop thinking about some things
Jake and Amir, the funniest ish ever...
is there food?
matter of fact, thats my favorite song, today. #onRepeat. (:
MY LITTLE PONY
thanks for a great weekend. What a club!
3 of 4 of us got the magic Golden Tickets and ancho guajillo cognac Dark Lord!
Well, I mean, tattoos are a HUGE commitment, but it's not like u have to diet the way you do for a wedding, for God's sake!
#earthquake Felt it in Toronto, Canada. Yikes! Came for a relaxing visit and might as well had stayed in Los Angeles!
who got u mad A.B??
wait i can talk an listen..... OMG I MADE A NEW DISCOVERY!!!!!!!!
Good night, friend :)))
I now have 60 followers. Thanks and I'm honored to have each of you. Have a great day.
I will always stan for chris regardless of his flaws we are all human we all make mistakes who r we to judge anyone -_-.
i hope that you have all you ever dreamed of
Matt, sure let's talk.
Fingers and toes! Good luck! You'll do great!
We greatly appreciate ur vote 4 Smile Train! -What a great orgnization! Make sure u spread the word so they receive the donation!
Damnit. Too awake for my own good!
ME & FADED WE OUT BROWSE N WHAT'S UP...
Our new CD has arrived!!!
I don't make you feel special, I just remind you that you are special. David F. Sims
#NATITUDE RT " _ESPN: Hunter Pence bashes his second home run of the night, and an army of fans is streaming toward the exits."
any time Dawson - ill be traveling first two weeks of March but maybe late march? Email me a calendar invite
plank so hard
hey are you little Chloe!?!? :D
Yeah? I haven't heard too much of Thelopious London mayne
Retweet if your tired of the stupid DMs that say someone is saying bad things about you click here
either way!
Want to chat with you about Grover Mitchell. DM me with your email address, maybe?
LOL! Friday Funny via #PRSSA RT Hoping today will be the day responds to my FB friend request. It's been 2 weeks
It's all about the #payingitforward! Shouts out to you friend!
Long but successful day of client interviews. Necessary & important step in any creative project an agency does.
Hold up wait hold up wait!
What is your biggest wish you want to come true?
Why would you put your number on twitter?! -__- smh bryan! RT 8612819 :)
What'd the point of coming to a 50 min class 36 mins late?
The day I'm run over by a taxi and better be on the sidewalk singing "the yellow ones don't stop, the yellow ones don't.."
It's hard to prepare a fabulous meal after a full day of work! is a great go-to source for tasty, quick & #easyrecipes!
Who played "Bob" in tonight's episode of The Exes?
I guess now we can confirm they don't sell Nattys at Maxis!
listening to "Ghost on the Canvas"&"Any Trouble",Paul Westerberg tunes on the last Glenn Campbell album. liked em by PW, like em now by GC!
BTW all who see this should follow crocodile logic on twitter. That's your name, dude.
he he damn I'm jealous right now. Hit us up when in the Yay
they on the grind see em on you tube and more
I always wondered where you got your awesome retro calendar - I am loving the Northwestern one, too. Thanks for the tip!!
I miss you.. #InBedTexting #Goodnight <3
just because somebody say it dont make it true..shhh you can laet anything come out yo mouth
Final Destination 5 looks amazing!
enjoying dusk the from the studio window... very pristine....
A friend doesn't contradict what you say
One of the most famous UFO organizations in the world is the San Diego-based Unarious Academy of Science, located in El Cajon....
Foundation Routine Flawless Skin (Full Coverage, Fingertips) Acne Scaring Make Up For Ever HD
Your driving me crazy, but sorry your not going to ruin my night<3
Catron u forgot the
Sitting on my patio. LOL Let me know the next time you go out. Would love to hang out.
good looking out!
And my balls are sweaty as fuck.
From now on it's South Beach Marlins, South Beach Dolphins, and University of South Beach Hurricanes!!!
RT : These poetry-packed tweets always make my day! 5 Poems by Kids about Finding a Peaceful Place...
this is what school lunch could be
You gotta bruise?
Wide awake <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (6)
Agreed! RT : Bummer :( Although, I wouldn't worry about getting continued press next year!
then shouldn't you already be confident? :o
OH: "I asked Twitter, but they're not answering." OH2: "Is that like looking into the abyss, and the abyss didn't look back?"
A plot is a dot that went for a walk to nowhere.
did u get my texts?
[Reminder: hurry! You might still be able to get the group rate TODAY!] RT : just booked my room for
love you too!!:D lol
I'm in Vegas for the 1st time. I saw a movie where a guy gets roofie'd here and winds up married to ,wish me luck!
ima miss you bud. See you soon <3
ask her!
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?" He answered, "Call for backup."..
good morning beauty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT : The future of
Skim scam flam at the gas pumps--see the report tomorrow (tues) on the #CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley.
3-1 Timbers. I'm going back to practicing my log slices.
Old ppl r crayyy
#qotd: You have been very well trained to downplay any physical discomfort...be good to yourself.
ha! totally creepy!
Yep, how time flies—wow, 4 years. Congrats to you.
“: “: Will there ever be a new Modern Family on again?” Tomorrow. Stop being so dramatic! :)” Lol! :)
Prince Philip feedback delights artist
Which ? Also I'm on their email list and they spam me about 4x a day.
Honored to be photographing Glenn Scarpelli today, former kid actor: One Day At a Time, They All Laughed, etc. Awesome Pics=Career Reboot!
i know. i need to... :( why does life have to get in the way of all the fun things?
thanks for following back (:
I #beezinthetrap until further notice.
Heading out on first bike ride in almost two years. They say you never forget ...
Love hearing about cool uses of ! RT : Having a great chat with from #Tweetreach. Love them for our chats.
thanks. Hope you got some great shots.
Kobe looks a little pissed off! Good shot Blake!
Watching Anchorman right now. Cracks me up!
the last Browns jersey I bought? Green... I know Trent will be better
Head hurts! hangover <
Check out my music video packages... www.teamkproductions.com Custom options available!
Glad to be back in SHOCKER NATION!!! It's BIGGER and BETTER than ever!!!
Viruses huh. Can't live with 'em, can't run away from them.
M u cannot Monday night but Tuesday night? Depending on tech
how big? What temp? No smoke?
My eyes. They burn!
ha! You have a point ...
Quote from actress Melissa Raquel on filming IMPACT, "Thank you for everything. Since working on this film, I feel like a new person."
What to do on a Friday night? nothing.i live in roanoke.
I should have taken care of this yesterday, when I was out and about! At least I have Cherry Coke. There is hope :P
Hate when I don't have my afternoon nap.
why y'all don't open earlier!!!
I wish I had even a fraction of the talent that you have. Don't get me wrong, I think I have some talent. But you're incomparable
I think it looked pretty darn good last week! WERE YOU WATCHING???? LOL!
ugh, why did she move us?
Killer cramps!!
I assumed he was off making up for lost time with Jenna
Thanks much for the RT Dee Anna. We think Yammer is super cool...and the fact that you work for Yammer is even cooler!
San Marcos?! Hell yah! I'll go pick your ass up!
You the shitt!!!
In the true Cali "Get up & Get fashion" 2 in the stable says your in it 2 win. The question is do they hat him or him big pimpin blonds.
fthat Madrid crowd was like an entire arena of the jblock; and not just for that match. awful.
what's for lunch? RT : Finally a #foodtruck is stopping near *my* office.
Rt! Me neither!!
Long live the double standard...
No, I wish.
I love being a comedian. I am about this life.
Sad indeed. Although we should never look to NC for progress on social issues.
Smart lady. So sad.
Win, lose, lose, win! Break even day. Last win of the day, Raiders of the Lost Ark on the big screen.
great! You?
is the Michael Jackson of today
Yet we still teach our students how to communicate with us via email cuz everything else is blocked.
Thanks for all the retweets everyone!
Adventure time stickers are on the car in front of me \m/
you gotta end the song before the annoying bitch sitting shotgun changes it for the 28th time.
Thas good enough for me.
Leaving #rossmorganrager at 4am and going straight to work. That's dedication
That's true, my Vitamin D was deficient and I'm taking supplements every week.
Ben Saunders =Killer
Big man above Please Bless Old People and their slowness at Mc.Donalds
RT : "You don't need more time, you just need to decide" ~Seth Godin
congrats on the win tonight! Let me be the first to welcome you to Cincinnati!!!! Have a safe flight!!
I have some folks that are living in dallas area..also some followers in NOLA
bought 12 foot-long sandwiches, 11 cookies, and 13 yogurts from mondos
Former Spokane Indian Robbie Ross made his MLB debut tonight for the #Rangers. He tossed a scoreless inning with one K vs. the White Sox.
you guys are perfect together :)
you're telling me
ah you're gorgeous!!!
from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. (or until the truck is full).
Sometimes We All Have To Take A Leap Of Faith, And Pray To God We're Doing The Right Thing.
i'm just online....it's so borink....
#WW #wine RT Are you planning any wine-tasting trips for 2012? We've been having great weather here in Napa Valley!
Good night, twitter friends
Wish I had some canes instead of this turkey sandwich and rice lol!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
two buck chuck! :)
Never let em know your next move, don't cha know bad boys move in silence or violence
how bout im not singin
Whip 'em into shape Harbs! RT : The rookies have taken the field for their first day of minicamp practice!
you're scared of Morbid Angel
i need my own tv station so i can put on artist that really need to be seen and heard 24/7...hip hop got a hood lock out right now
Drake: But first you must smell your tomato... Josh: Smell my tomato?... Drake: By pressing it with your nose with great force! LMFAO
Stop looking for a partner. Focus on yourself and rebuilding your life. Eventually the right person will find you...
Congrats and good luck with your speech, Erica!
Brother: so have to fart Adian: come on man just fart it out
downloads. Now what
Guilty conscience X2.
Who else is ready for the #Nats season to get undeway?
Neylon (Science & Technology Facilities Council, UK): ease of re-use is crucial, access is not enough.
#dhtrial nic and co leave the floor. No word.
Everybody check out my boy Mosey Galak's group Da Cream Chantilly..It's Great!!!!!
check your facts my friend. This ridiculous claim of $7.5 million in damages as been debunked. Just another stupid lie
Fish are friends, not food!
I am screwed. But I am fully dysfunctional without her so its par for the course.
I was tweaken earlier my bad man. Have u ever been wit a girl who is stuck up
I see Jimmy.. and I'm like... fuck.
Today's farmers market haul: spinach, carrots, wax beans, onions, garlic, scallions, purple cauliflower, broccoli rabe, apples...
Some People Deserve To Get Eggs Thrown At Them. Brick Shaped Eggs....Made Of Bricks =)
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow. Start doing and less talking.
that is a awesome ideal and I will certainly do it to show my support for Austin on his birthday
lol. Great to see ya :) Need to step away for a few, but let's catch up soon. Wanted to make sure #coffee c(_) flowing at
yeah udvar hazy is great..but very few NASM visitors ever go there
will do!! :) please check out our songs on Facebook and give us a like!! Thanks :)
that's so cool that your Brazilian! And your AMAZAYN too:) and I'd love to meet you too:)
boy, you ain't kidding
You the man! Love it!
#MYBAD I had big girl thangz to do but I'll see both of you this weekend :)
Klecko was on cannonball run
i have oakley snowboard pants though
I did now you text me back punk!:p
GOOD MORNING!!
So sorry you're sick! Best wishes for a quick recovery...
Had a wonderful Girls Night Out with & Ladies we Must do this again :)
I miss your face!!!!!
what do you use the App Bywords for?
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
four key findings
April 14th Lazy E Arena in Guthrie times a ticking lets get you signed up today before the price goes up. It's gonna be great
I don't have TNT. Was it another case of flying elbows?
Watching 'Birdemic.' Oh yea, be jealous. :)
Just working on paperwork. Fun.
Pulitzer prize winner, Mark Neely, speaks at MdHS at noon April 15th. His talk is on his new Civil War book, part of a 1/2 day symposium.
Made a change last night for the better!
I'm probably going to Las Palmas tonight, La Vida Tomorrow
You are not your circumstances or your situation. God's majestic power overrules any obstacle we can every go through!!
Way too cold in these shorts today
“Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now”
Finally time to sit down & relax! Let's see what's on TV!
You never tweet old man!
A $100 gift certificate to goes to... Ticket number 682060! Check your tickets, folks!!!
customer service supervisor told us today it's not their fault we went paperless just to save a couple of trees!
Brother Craig, any chance for all of your TBHH series be made available for paid digital downloads?
Thank you.
only 2 lol I think this.scares them off
Jesus fuck, we're going to get kicked out of this Bob Evans. Its wholesome as fuck.
Thanks, bro. Will I be getting a twitter tip every day?!
thanks. yep this one is for night owlish craft beer fans! see you at #Beerhoptacular Saturday!
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point beats the clock with 3 seconds left in the second quarter. At half time the score is 6-5 Rochester.
how's the bus ride
I almost wish they had done a performance that wasn't geared toward kids. We weren't the only ones crying.
“: ... step brothers onnahood”
Tony Smotherman is Comming to the Rock House
lol that is seriously annoying me as well
This life is less than an infinitely divided fraction of a blink of an eye.
Completely get it. An admirable quality!
You got it right! The best I can do now is hair + massage on Sat b4 working a wedding :)
What helps when pitching to reports? Provide pictures. Develop a bulleted “fast facts” sheet.
Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best: Explore LI > Restaurants Print Aa Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best Be the first to rate: 0 Cl...
5 weeks from 2day I'll b on the beach down n Mexico.
the Brewers magic number is now 25!
amaya would say happy mothers day 2 bree with choclates n a kiss and i love you
Heading to the gym!
I've read (but not tried). HDMI out to projector - via an VGA conversion cord. Anything on iPad should wirelessly project. We'll see
Aw lol, appreciate it baby. wats ya name
#Flowertown ends with Ellie waking up & realizing she's still in radio. Then the horror really begins...
gears...ha
Our Annual YoungBlacksGiveBack Month continues tomorrow. Student Chat @ McKinley Tech High. Email & join us
hey thanks for following... :)
thank u Luncinda 4 sending the link~I'll look at that one as well ;))
What the fuck cuz? Do you know what happened? I just looked at his FB page, but none of the post say what happened to him.
Criteria ~ small number [6 or 7], diverse groups, does not include subject matter experts.
how come orton gets a whole season to screw up and tebow gets 1 game?
RT“ #Pisces like it when you nibble a bit.”
I hope Zimmerman never goes to jail. <U+2764>
no hospital!
Celebrated way too early. :-(
Grumpy old double braclet winner is jibba jabberying again. Apparently he doesn't like the railbirds.
Follow me if you want to follow u cum on just a few will wen a get mention
So sad ": Disappointing news for #Marietta: Theatre in the Square suspended performances today; won't launch 31st season."
Woke up from my nap thinking it was tomorrow...
If yesterday was may the fourth be with you, the is today the revenge of the fifth?
Alright! Let's do it!
just finished my english nature powerpoint presentation...it includes me rapping in a Bear Grylls voice
maybe I should purchase my avengers tickets for Sunday in advance.
<------- cold game ..Yall know its da movement
Wish you best brotha!!
OMG just play our single REJOICE back to back...you still have time to tune in www.wecu1570.com LOG ON!
Thanks for the follow, Allison!
Michael, I'm excited to keep reading your column... Thanks for sharing!
Happy hump day!! Only a few days til Friday.
Weird to think ill be a junior
There should be much more collaboration between disciplines like journalism, art, history, design, sociology, and the sciences.
what school you going to next year ?(:
To excel at #sales, you need to learn about #psychology. Read my blogs and ebook.
Yes, it does! Gives me beautiful negatives every time.
hey, I just sent you an invite to make that collaborative adult programming board happen on pinterest
“: If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach.”// genius
Look, all I'm trying to say is that Hamilton is no bust.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do - Steve Jobs
hands up in the air, i just want the, i just want the baddest girl on my lap.
(just like the white-winged dove, sings a song sounds like she's singing...) ...
I'm sick of being sick…ah
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
OH YEW SO KEWL
“: Big THANK YOU to #TEDxCLT Sponsors: Signature Healthcare,
places the crepe place this Friday night!
I don't see how some people hate on Niall. He's so precious and the sweetest boy ever why need to hate?
Wouldn't that be a real hoot? I'd love it!
Have a deep respect for Opera singers! There is more to them then fat ladies singing
kathy got detention for a day and i got a demerit x) one more and i dont graduate!!!!
I heard John Edwards broke his jaw.
#milwaukee We are working hard to improve! Let us know if you have any ideas!
Happy New Years everyone! With the New Year comes new opportunities- embrace them!
if I bought stock do u think I would come out even? Was about to #pressplay but I remembered ur tweet & it interrupted me
it's a secret
This has been the biggest waste of a day.
HIV Testing is the primary mission of We are a physician network trying to reduce the spread of the HIV virus and AIDS.
Does anyone else think that Rihanna always looks like an extra from "water world?"
RT : i noticed that when people's teams aint winning, they blame the refs. lol << seems that way huh
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 48
Congrats to the cast and crew of the 2011 Alum short "15:2" for taking home 'Best Horror Comedy Short" & "Best Short Actress" at Fear...
not a problem, lots of bandwagon chics out there. How r u wearing ur hair now?
I'm there tomorrow
I command you to DANCE
"Hey, I heard you are looking for a gentleman. Is it cool if he's australian,too?"
You know the smell too! Glad I wasn't alone.
we were supposed to have Jodie Foster, she backed out at last minute & we got artist famous for vagina ashtray in '70s.
cutting up and re-organizng by theme, some of my early interviews for diss. this is either brilliant or a waste of time. probz both.
Picked up my badge for the - already ran into - Let the fun begin!
"cat trap"?
Hey , why is the blue line riddled with inconsistent service and several express trains?
Success is not permanent, neither is failure.
Why, thank you, !
Who loves lucky cookies??????
Exactly!! The evil empire (Patriots) loses. RT : 0-2 post spy gate! Just saying!! Cant spell ELIte w/o Eli!! Night my friends!
Stop focusing on the bad things, and be thankful for the good things.
Today we're hosting our event "Honoring Women" at the Four Seasons for TCFV!
Why do I always have to be the bigger person?
she's had all this "work" done that makes her look awful- lip and cheek injections. its so sad.
Yehaw the weekend is near!!!
Especially good television. USA viewers often play catch-up, but the writing/acting in British comedies is brilliant.: )
Cock tease is worst than a cock block
looking for the shutout!
#FF Good peeps here folks, and entertaining
Who the fuck is a good ass rapper and wants to collab???? I need more features for this #EP mixtape ! Tweet me
OH i just remebered Jersey Shore is on tomorrow!!! WHo!!!
And after an hour of trying to download OS X Lion, I figured out I need Snow Leopard.... I didn't even need your help!
Come buy our new ep at the Clifton Heights Music Fest on April 7 at Roxx Electrocafe! Sassy will be closing out the night. Only 3 bucks!
oh yeah! Keeping your girlfriend happy is the key to a successful relationship.
RT : What do you guys think of 's new website? / library.northeastern.edu
can anyone help with press-release contacts at any of the big newspapers? like wall street, NY Times, USA Today etc.?
#twit free iPad
i feel sowwi for you
I'm in Tennessee, long ways from you :(
Archives I love: and
Word. RT : It's days like these I miss the wit of
Night baby
Alternative #bass: Warwick FNA Jazzman (maple body, active electronics, 5-string) >> strong smart sonic
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. ~ Harriet Beecher Stowe
Oh I forgot that was on. Love
2 points RT : No RT : And Matt Ryan RT : I want joe Johnson and marvin williams out of Atlanta
Girl, I'm so happy that ur K.I.M.! You are an inspiration for me. Proud of u and the weight loss 2. That's a big 4u N 2012
who can I contact regarding events and hospitality positions?
pretty much action and scary ;)
haha. How in the world did i do that. not even close
just sent dm w/ loc of easier/closer mtg spot.
lol yeahh and you can never go wrong with that store (y)
What to think about *before* committing to a #PM certification journey now on
ive been getting messages saying ppl are talking about me and then people saying im talking about them i dont even know these ppl im srry
meetings would be so much better if you could still be at them.
I made it
That was some dime that Andre Iguodala just dropped!
What if all your heartbreaks, your worries and insecurities showed on your skin... what would you look like?
Tired of paying too much? We save you #money on your auto expenses through
I really need to pee ...
Hey all! There's still time for and 1/2 price martinis at the Scholars Inn!! We hope to see you there.
I just finished a 7.59 mi run with a time of 1:14:34 with Nike+ GPS.
Commit to the NO EXCEPTION POLICY!!! Every single day focus on your goals and take decisive action.
lol u always say that and we never end up hanging out!
You don't need to read any book in order to enjoy our February #SexyResults show, but you should still read 's Massive.
Andre Ethier drives in Kemp, with another RBI. #Dodgers lead 2-1 in the 6th.
I feel like a lot of females have been in their feelings lately... It must be the cold weather or because it's close to Christmas time
I hope to God you're right...
Where's the link Ronnie? I will retweet it as well. #followfriday, God is Good today and Everyday, not just Fridays.
You give him your everything, but he gives you nothing.
I just got the latest book in my favorite series (Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde). Last came out in 07. Anywhere I can find a recap?
FLORIDA MEMBERS have you signed up to participate in the Member Appreciation Contest? You have until this Sunday to let the manager know!
Would say worse than that: so many novices given extra-curriculars and toughest teaching loads. Crazy.
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:10 to talk Timbers
Met you at The Actors Network way back, out of about 100 thank you letters I've sent, you were the only one to send one back.
I think if this is an important thing for y'all, it's probably worth actively recruiting underrepresented folks
Awesome plug for on Conan tonight - Dr. Bugs was rockin' some Ant Pants.
congrats, that's great. it is such a well written show
Hey, Eric Church, are all yer songs kick ass?? I believe they are ...
Have fun studying! Good luck on your finals :)
oh yeah, i forgot I only exist when you need something
In order to unite all women, Adele's exboyfriend must make an album called "I Dug Her Til She Gained Weight and Stopped Sucking my Dick"
isnt it always
oh i know i was just gonna tell u that alex followed :D looool. goodnight (:
lol naw j/p to chill
oh thank you ! I use Oil of Olay ...
“: anybody tryna get a twitter cypher goin” let's do this
Don't remember the last good night of sleep on a wenesday
didn't hear that at time, but agreed
haha dang. ain't nobody feet pretty. miss you pretty cheeks (:
I hate to do it, but I think I have to finally admit the fact that I had no idea who Clarence Clemons was until he died.
There's a strong chance I just made a batch of chocolate chip cookies simply because I felt like eating the batter. M.
Okay...my phone is quiet now...
“: Oh Charles.....”atleast hes the guy on top
hahha it's only a lil lighter && my eyes looks brown in that pic wth haha
Taking my mom to for her birthday tonight. I feel it's my duty live-tweet all 2 hours and 40 minutes of it
Thanks for your patience and we'll let you know when the site is back up and running so that you can download your copy of
"what grade are you in" "7th" " what are you talking to a 7th grader" "I Dan e with her" "so I here your an amazing dancer?"
Thank You! : We had such a great time on Saturday with all of our amazing tutors. We hope you enjoyed National Volunteer Week!
Witnessed a drug deal for the first time. The guy looked guilty af.
#whyiwrite to share and watch my imagination blossom
Ugh, a careless pass and a stupid foul. C'mon ! You can #BeatTheHeat!
So awesome! “: TMI? Rocking my pasties courtesy of liquid courage and eyelash glue. No pics, but it is happening.”
ha. That's perfect.
took me awhile too lol
COME OUT AND BE A CREATURE FOR A GAME!
Hungry af!! I want sum spagetti and fish oh n a big fiyer az salad wit a glass of.... Fukk it ill settle for a beer
Isnt there a single motherfucking day the bitch ass Justin Bieber fans aka "Beliebers" flood twitter with reatrded shit about that asshole?
lmao I bubbled in Y.O.L.O. On the scantron and I wrote the lyrics to At Last by Etta James
builds their TV's with cheap Mexican labor but won't stand behind their workmanship, Shame on you ActionItemTSTL
TWEET ME QUESTIONS WITH #ASKTYLER :D RT!
thank you for being such a great audience member. Though I wish you would have jumped in!
- Hi, thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! What a fantastic website - makes me want to cook again!
I want Obama to require the insurance companies to provide for free Viagra too!
Thanks Mike!
The Non-Theatrical Military Film panel (inc ) booting up. Anna Froula: showing news reels of "WASP training" in WWII
To, is turning Thompson Hotel into a fucking zoo! U all aren't ready!!!
Can't wait for #actorfest!
loll well see being cute is trying to be like you
Jamming to Najee My point of view Album
Where's the discussion about illegal immigrants in the US who are from places like poland, ireland, france, slovakia, india, china?
Really? I don't know about relative racial/ethnic breakdowns in the two disciplines.
8 innings. 6 hits. Pitcher duels are like the cliff notes version of a baseball game.
Nothing says "I'm a fat ass" like wearing a T-shirt in a swimming pool. Lol
girl, you and your sister have some major promo blood in you (the real (true?) kind!)
Why you need to do well in school: So you can become a TAX SLAVE for those who didn't do crap. adultwellness
Pertinent highlights... The 411 on School Bus Accidents and Your Safety
Boy I'm loving u in those glasses lol. U know who u are!!!
Did your man make you watch the NFL Draft last night? What show of yours do you make your significant other watch?
Separating old/new product with plastic wrap in the same container
me too bro i swear it a hole new damn world!
Pierre Thomas is a rockstar!
Welcome to the #Browns family! I'm sure things are crazy now, but once you get here you'll love Cleveland!
For what concert? TIcketmaster and Live Nation I think works on electronic algorims.. kinda like how tm was with l'arc.
XD that movie is great!!!
Crap, just now watching the Ligue 1 games. Had no clue Montpelier Man City'd me....
Tim, I'd love to have you on my show to share your experience in Haiti and talk faith and football..let me know if you'd like 2
“: I have full service and all my wifi but my instagram will not load! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF> #ineedinstagram” same here!!
I'm so hungry .....so so so so hungry......& I want a f'n burger not another protein shake!!!!!!!!
yess of course, lmfao i love u ;)
Success - Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
its pretty bad. hopefully they will be shut down soon
love the honesty in this tweet haha
webster hall: I'm so there! all the way from San Francisco - stoked!
of course god did not make man to be with one women, hence the penis
#dhtrial so if they give 30 minutes notice to paeries and they are only working until 2pm then they only have 15 minutes to make a decision.
Agreed! Useful info in a new format! RT: “: Thanks so much to Emily Hogue, & for a great #AskAg chat!”
thats usually me... :)
I'm all lost in the supermarket.
It is to be feared that many have little knowledge of the enemy that they carry around with them in their bosom. -John owen
Seems like i was more interested watching the KU-MU game then the Super Bowl.
Monday is Industry Night- 25% discount to guests who work in the restaurant industry. Take the night off & come join us!
All 3 palettes are on hold for me at Nordstrom Rack - can't wait to pick them up later today!
follow back? please..
Rondo could do that every time if he so pleases.
who needs mega millions anyway when we have each other?
your plots & character development completely makes your work stand on its own. There are very few ff authors who can do that
part of me is dissapointed in the choices i've made recently.
Damn she's amazing. Love my girlfriend
LMFAO SHE GOT SCUURRRED SHE DELETED HER COMMENTS ON FACEBOOK
Looking fwd to rockin the drum kit this Saturday night at the Ottobar with my band Condor. We open for the Unknown, and Grey March.
Chris Rock should have hosted.
Is going to pop any soon! But I still say she looks sexy as a pregnant Celeb!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <33
Vieques was one of my all time favorite vacations. I wonder if it's been developed further since my last visit
Def. no Schumanns, thx, but rly would hate to be host to the JS Bachs' family vacation (beds for HOW many?!).
That's All I Really Wanna Do 1) To earn money without working. 2) To love without being hurt. 3) To eat without getting fat.
thanks for fallowing
hasn't even tweeted once yet, but he still has almost 28k followers
this is our other twinsie>>>> Anna Wintour vs. P'Trique Stare Off!: via
It's going to be good tomorrow Dont miss out!! 10:30a if ur in Las Vegas!!
#2 "Do you think I can read 208 pages in three days? I have a book report due Monday."
Didnt know poop was going to be such a focal point when I decided to have kids
At the Mix Lounge in georgetown. Just saw a jazz band that was SO Twin Peaks!
Congratulations to ! You win a free t-shirt of your choice.
haha I know. I just had to respond. ;)
Quote for the day: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."
hey do u have a twitcam cuz if u do i need help making one
That would be great. Are you available Wednesday at 10am PDT? And can you follow me and then message me your contact info?
Stop... too awesome
Learn lots! Tweet lots. :)
Thanks. I didn't know enough about Bill to understand his comment.
My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone.
crazy Indiana weather...
Hi Geri, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
#BeastieBoys to be played at #SFGiants and #Mariners Games tonight - Amazing the influence a NYC Band had on the West Coast
Meeting w/ community leaders to plan the 2012 Mayor's Day of Service for the East Region focusing on healthy sustainable food access for all
My broker is raving about ! I will be visiting soon!
Yankees are the best #twins v
I hope Wendy is letting you perform!
you can never cross the ocean if you dont have enough courage to leave the shore.
Exciting announcement! #TFFOC will be held at Landmark Theaters Olde Town Stadium 14 in #Arvada!! June 24 - 25
you should do both :) Compete in the amazing #StartupMadness competition and cover the event too!
1 more till my birthday.... I can't wait....
Corrupted and theft!
Now I get a call from her tellin me she want to see me again
sometimes i just want to be left alone. but nobody ever gets that.
A: Kermit the frog's fingers
No worries! It's always great tweeting you!
correlation (big data analytics) of Building, Energy & Social Human processes solves the biggest #smartgrid equation: continuous engagement
Im so excited to see KCA's toonight :D !!!!!!
Thanks ! Great seeing you! Big things to come :)
Obama - 1st sitting pres to support gay marriage > Romney - having to apologize for bullying a gay student in HS
you've fallen into my trap once again Jannene (and by the way I had to google you to figure out how to spell your last name..)
lol I know man I gotta do better huh ;)
Where did you c it?
Watch Ch 5 Tues. Nick Russo, Pres. of Friends Group is interviewed about the Race. Set your TiVo tonight! Thanks Nick!
One last #FF ladies and gents ---> for being a great new place, & , for ROCKING it here today!
I think my day is made.<U+2665>
Come join us and this Thursday March 29th at the Tree House in Tulsa ,Ok .
the assessor's in Boston's 1790 taking book spelled Paul Revere's name wrong. You'd have thought they would have learned it by then.
when I blowdry my hair, I look like someone who just got struck by lightning.
Happy Veterans Day and Happy 11/11/11 from SPI Study Abroad!
Nothing is impossible.
Thats not very nice DOLL
Thursday night should actually be kind of exciting for BC fans with the suspense over Kuechly and no clear indication as to his destination
While the weather's nice take a walking tour of the neighborhood. Discover historical sites, teach map skills or organize a trash collection
#Fridayreads The Raising by Laura Kasischke
Pool with Mom and sissy(: Chick fil A tonight<3
I know you don't love me like you say you do ! [DON'T]
know the feeling'.....z
I clean up the table messes. Never the floor.
Sometimes we don't realize the blessings we have...
Derek Jeter's 500th Career Double.
hell yeah lol
From across the Pond RT “: May I just say, the more I look at America, the more amazed I am by Barack Obama. Well done mate.”
finished up Directors meeting,and ready for weekend.
hey at least you got child proof chocolate milk tonight for free
And thus begins my "two months of mobile" at work. Pretty excited to dive in head first.
Favorite off season activity is....
Check it out at amazon.com
changed yr avi. Did not recognize you :)
nigga just be chillin you know me...
God damn I don't think I did good on my math exam :/ ugh I guess I'll worry about it next semester
hahahah its so sad cause its true. I'm sorry.
#petpeeve go out of my way to help someone and let em use my stuff and now there 2 good 4 me... Well if it wasn't for me u wldn't b there...
Classical music helps me focus when doing school work
Not sure...might have been checked out at the gym...maybe...or she was checking to see if I was dying...Yeah, she was checking on me.
As a child?! Pshh....it's still the best game ever!
its too easy, You either with Me, Or YOU NOT*
The rangers should have won this game along time ago
will let you borrow my brain for five seconds and just be like dude, can<U+FFFD>t handle it, unplug this bastard
It is interesting to watch participants edge up to abstractions (potentially modelable objects?) and then shy away almost immediately.
One more shot
I hate this class so hard I'm thinking of changing my major.
u did a great job last night!!! Thx for the help
And what does that make Arsenal? Wannabe cunts?
Me: you're not wearing underwear are you? Erin: nope. This dress is so long. I'm like a nun. Cc
We had so much fun celebrating #Halloween with you on #Saturday! Thanks for the fun times...Stay tuned for what's up this week!
Please tell me you guys will be published in Google Currents just like It is my favorite way to consume news.
Oh, you can rap your favorite part of a song without messing up? How gangster of you.
an amazing day to come
Fuckk yeaah , my mom got pancakes from Dennys ! :D
A9. I used to flirt and get myself in trouble. These days, I'm too busy to be on so much, hence less trouble!
last day i can tweet you and get noticed </3 hope not D:
Toodaloo, Dita. Let's face it, girl was not in the same league. Especially not with Ms. Latrice taking us to church! Can I get an amen?
you know you're up early when the cat wont get up with you.
Not that Virginia Republicans are any better. They just passed a "personhood" bill for zygotes.
Gotta go to Physical Therapy for my shoulder this morning, then let my new personal trainer whop my ass!
Big loss for Badger football. He was the brains behind the offensive machine. Who decides on the replacement? Barry or Brett?
you guys rock! Great cust service. Thanks for the help!
Will be tweeting this morning about today's colonoscopy live stream that a client is hosting. Excited! Hope you can join in
Twelve Syllables: Let me know if I annoy you with my crying. (from "Unpublished Artifacts" by Nicanor Parra)
"you know what your problem is, Estes?" "I love too much, 1sg?"
Convivial cocktails with neighbors on the porch, 25-degrees chilly! Hot Bonnie's warmed us (6 hot water, 3 whiskey, 1.5 lemon, 2 tsp Agave).
GUESS WHAT?!
can't sleep like always......fml
Excited about our great classes this year! Have you checked them out yet? Visit our website at mjti.org.
Happy Burffffday to the beautiful stranger !
thanks but its okay I'll be fine
Don’t forget, we’re open late - call us today and schedule some #MEtime!
The exact silence: The clear light behind my mind; My voice before birth.
Have you had any good ham sandwiches lately? When is your next haircut appointment? How about those Milwaukee Bucks eh?
hell yes!
Aww, ok. I'm having dinner w/ Candace () at a place just off I64 about 6:30 if that might work for you instead...
Hello too ^^
Is all the audience expansion from Lijit exchange based? Did anyone catch that?
Capitals score and the series is over.
"Welcome to your life. There's no turning back." -- Tears for Fears
Liane - seems like things are really coming up all around to clear out the old fear patterns!
Watching the Hulk
CHEESES CRUST I'M GOING TO PIZZAS
You wish!!!! I am going to have to put u in check Friday!!!
Oops, that took longer than expected.
Having issues with Texting at the #MGMGrand during #WPPI ? Turn off your WIFI and only use 3G - Much better!
Actually I just don't wanna see you
“: Best damn tweet all day!!! RT It's better to lose a love than to love a loser.”
MPD looking for dark mid-sized sedan with missing passenger mirror and likely damage to front end. Car involved in hit and run of officer.
nah, never did State Patty's actually. but sure.
I would have looked like a star tonight if I played for the heat
Totally wiped out. Came home and did work for an upcoming wedding. My brain is fried. Want to snuggle with doo, but he's in lego land :)
Don't be so quick to run from your problems. Learn how and when to battle
I sorry D:
thanks for the rt!
That makes a lot of sense! I'm pretty down w/ that.
aw Text me 6464992965
can't wait for monday night going to be AMAZING !!!
When looking at #housing communities, do you prefer gated or non-gated? Why?
this made me lol
Jimmy eat world's bleed american album is seriously a timeless masterpiece of the "alternative" genre. Amazing.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW. 6 SECONDS LEFT.
you guys are killing it!
Good Morning Twitter (:
Had a very small intimate audience tonight in Lake Balboa but had more fun than we have had in a long time! Thanks Aero Squadron!
Tweet of the day! RT Just saw a woman who looked like Tyler Perry when he's NOT in drag
LOL, love it
I'm good foreal, smh it's your fault.... shoulda texted me... you have my number
Oh dear.
Kindlegraph. Lots of authors will be at SXSW promoting their books and I want to give them a good tool to use for digital signing.
did I just out myself..? Yes, yes I did. Whoops
that's gonna be bad, I wanna add to my side
Shoulder injury? Avoid upright row, barbell bench, and overhead press.
End of the second period, and OKC STILL scoreless. Live from the (:
thanks for the tweet!! greatly appreciated..how can we help you?
Totally did not see this rain coming! Walk cancelled with and we are bummed!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're pinching anyone who isn't wearing green - watch out! You may be next...
There is so much heat out right now and it's not even summer yet. I wonder which deep/soulful/funky #housemusic joint is gonna run it.
Seriously, I know there was mold because I'm allergic and I was very sneezy.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you even look at my bby.
are you making the pizza?
good lookin out!
I'm glad I stayed home. I'm having a banging ass lunch, lmao.
Good night. Sweet dreams. =)
I'll be in Pleasanton for a week this summer for training. No dates confirmed, but would love to meet up.
I could imagine =)
why are you up so late?
If you're smarter than your boss, act as if you're not. Give discreet flattery & pretend to seek his advice, otherwise be an entrepreneur.
After I pick them up from the guy in Titusville. :)
yes very!!! Cant get use to a certain type of weather...more or less dress for it lol
Good luck cuz!
Jealous I can't hangout with you and Colton.. I love and miss you both
24 Shake Weights?
txt messaging is declining cuz you can't send links!
Aw shit need to figure out I'm not the marriot wit a wake up call service #cptime in effect
Hm what to do today
Finally back in LA it was great to hear some real music at sxsw in Austin! Nice break from uninspired electro pop and talentless noise :)
RT "Winners never quit, and quitters never win" - Vince Lombardi
Just wondering, who wouldn't want Montee Ball at their party?
has unofficially self-diagnosed herself with a case of whiplash from a hair-styling accident. I think I need a neck & shoulder massage now!
you shoot me down but I won't fall..I am titanium.
Don't cry for them if they won't cry for you; And don't fight for them if they won't fight for you
love you and the show but it's epitome (a-pit-o-me) not ep-a-tome
& he rose on the Sabbath...
Localization Cost Savings Best Practice 3: Last minute translations can break the bank in a localization project.
It's one of our favorites here too ;-) Just in case you think we don't have something for everyone, haha! Have a great weekend!
I bet all of the 5+ organic-looking bracelets is wearing has a story. I would like to hear them.
Brad Smith is a class act.
Really? The day goes by faster when I'm busy!
Vball Matches tonight are ON.....yes, Like the ever popular Nintendo game Donkey Kong.
meeting with and #Pinkberry!!
Fighting to keep it real
(AP) -- Spokesman says Dick Clark, longtime host of `American Bandstand,' has died. He was 82. Clark had been slowed since a stroke in 2004
looks like a nail-biter! ; )
Being a graduate with no Graduation wish list
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
dry rubbed bacon is the best way to start a Sunday!
I'm going to practice tomorrow! Coach had told me if I don't go he's gonna' cut my hair :( LOL!
for sure. try a citrus olive just so you can share my pain.
And no salad suggestions...That's too obvious and mainstream :|
Tune in to tomorrow at 6pm EST for our latest Changing Planet town hall! Discussed: climate science, impacts and solutions.
If Butler shoots 25% from the field they win.
Love is not a thing you can do,when you do other things love will happen
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: BBQ via Men Wielding Fire.
When NOONE answers your phone calls <<<<<<
Needed: Good home for majestic, hand-raised Rhode Island Red rooster. Vegetarians preferred. :-(
right especially because all they said was that there are reports of a shooting.. I was like no shit reports an hour ago
Consumer interaction at is a communications function supporting marketing, sales, and other business units.
All i want for christmas is you <U+2665> ...
NFL lockout over?
I like how the camera just panned by the public library on tonight's episode of Once Upon a Time.
Thanks for reading, ! :)
Dear Netflix, you're not worth the raised price. Shoulda tried comin with an A-game selection before diggin deeper in pockets. -Disgusted
thanks for k d mention- have a great week
Have you tried BigOven lately? We've added RecipeScan - just snap a photo to enter a recipe, Menu Planner & more...
Thanks! I'd be happy to contact someone at the school if that's easier. Would love to know how it's used too.
nice! Dinner? Drinks? Both? :)
Really Sears? Thanks, I'll check that out. I haven't been to Sears in awhile.
RT About to be down oakland faded-- I'm Tryna get like you
we were thinking that you'd be pretty excited to be contributing to a scholarship fund, that you wouldn't take a discount?
Show your advocacy support & join C2EA in DC during the International AIDS Conference July 24th to demand that the US fully implement #NHAS!
whatever happened to Dixie Peach?
I'd love to give ya some tatt work Lady.I'm right here by the Prudential Center in Newark NJ.Keep on doin' you.
Great Day 1 here in Orlando! Lot of talent on hand and they are working hard and playing harder. Day 2 is going to be a great one as well!
I have lots of friends that are Filipino. Very cool. I can probably bring a LOT of business to you!
SOMEBODY in the great city of New York answer me this: Where the heck is Ryan Gosling and why have I not run into him yet?
well for you but to her im just a child lol
can post Part 3 now(;
Steal away - hope it can be of help.
yes! Or Nelson Cruz
Today I saw Elise Martin getting a piggy back ride from some guy. Yes, Elise Martin is now a social butterfly.
RT : IF YOU KNOW YOU LOOK GOOD !
Lord give me the strength .
dey dnt even trip i work at a hotel aint nun but 2 of us hea
(NWS) SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR SOUTHERN OTERO COUNTY AND NORTH CENTRAL HUDSPETH COUNTY IN SOUTHWEST TEXAS UNTIL 10:15 PM.
Yes, I do!
What's it like to be a total sex god omfg.
Tickle Fights Ensue!
The Start-up of You is so inspiring, telling others. It helps break through the brick walls.Thanks for putting this out there!
Hmm who can I be...RT Halloween sat oct 29-celebrity cemetery start planning ur costume. rumor will be amy winehouse?!
sorry Mrs. Lanney but i don't have time to read
meet me on the corner where u watch me smoke cigarettes and lets sell our bodies to older men ps. bring pumps and red lipstick
Michael Jackson was Anorexic, Impotent, a Nazi Sympathiser and in Love with Whitney Houston, Says Former Bodyguard
Sounds Great! Thank you!
Thank you, likewise.
Where were you tonight ? I gave you my Mac & Cheese recipe and you don't need me anymore?lol We'll be May 5th!
Actually, I think they really do want to keep you scared. Because intense emotion tends to make one stupid.
story was not good.
that is creepy but it's all fake lol
I think the hardest part to lose weight is commitment , believe in your self :) yes you can !!
Jazz is the only music in which the same note can be played night after night but differently each time.--- Ornette Coleman
John "The Biscuit" Cage: "Men lie to get women into bed. Women lie to get men into matrimony. Those are the simple facts of life."
Just watched Walk the Line. Ehh, take it or leave it. Liked the version with Jamie Fox better.
No, not sad. :-) I still have several hundred more that I am not getting rid of! These are just ones I don't ever expect to use.
Paulie's Acoustic on Thursday in West Allis, Dukes Country Saloon Friday in Kenosha, and Hog Wild in Onalaska, WI. Fun Week !!!!!!
cool I think you are funnier than Connan was He is funny now though
I'm starting to get pissed at the guy behind my house shooting a gun. WTF
Taking everything day by day, and trying to make the best out of every situation.
Baby Jebus please let it move faster... Amen.
Hey! Thanks so much for the RT. Much appreciated! We need to catch up.
you really need to start pitching better.....just sayin....hello...we need a closer!
Clark Co wins the 10th Region Crown
*flash mob clap* leggoo
Writing a song called in this place with and it is changing our lives
RT-Dropped a razor and cut all of my hand// Ouch, sorry! Hopefully we don't have to amputate...
dislikes the song "Money Honey" more than all of the other songs on "The Fame".
Turning tricks!
was here hacking yooo shit cause i made it :D
On vacation,listening to a playlist of and by the pool. Translation:I'm a happy camper.
Forgot to get the lil man snacks for preschool..snacks that start with 'W'
Twitter seems to be working properly again on my Droid. Yay!
Great clothing swap party!! New clothes for free! yay!!! :)
hey mason(:
that's a laugh out loud tweet.
I have no appetite, this blows...
Tired need a nap! Can't take one though b/c teachers like to give me homework b/c they think I don't have a life outside of school smh -__-!
RT this if you want to be in our next video!!
It smells nasty in here o:
Im just trying to get you back . Lol yeep :)
yea i have
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I like it, looks cool! It's a little off center on Chrome at least though.
That's cool! I'm sure it will be good. An old student of mine might get hired by Apple soon. I'm a reference.
Damnit! I would rather be doing that then hanging out here :-(
doesn't think outside the box...he thinks inside the box, he just goes deeper
happy birthday...its mine too :)
Liking Chris' eastside google map mashup idea for my #buildmadison project.
Really paranoid about bees today. Not helping that I wore a sweet perfume & am chewing fruity gum.
Joe Lacob needs a hug. haha. the boo birds ain't playing.
Volunteer Orientation at Sacramento Animal Control is tonight. I promise not to leave with anymore dogs...maybe..
give kristen what he deserves i love you all your fans a counting on you :)
I hate how some people in twitter have fake pictures.
But his name's so fun to say! MT Nick Markakis of the #Orioles really bugs me. Stats show he is an average hitter at best.
hopes that everyone has a lovely and safe new year's eve! i wonder what #2012 has in store for each of us?? hopefully happiness and health!
The elected officials and the general body must work together, and do what's best for the general organization.
I like a girl that's
Who plans on getting lunch or dinner today at Beef Burger as it celebrates its 51st anniversary?
Enjoy decadent cocktails, delicious wine pairings and a cozy atmosphere this Valentine's Day. Still tables avail for tonight!...
yes someone to save eve
I can help :-) www.prbynatalie.com lol “: Did you know that an average married couple makes love 98 times per year.”
The engineer's first problem in any design situation is to discover what the problem really is...
Attn: Lucy Tiven Do you still have my copy of "The Good Life" by Thax Douglas? Did you at least read it? Thanks, Andrew Irvin
I found my watch
thanks for the info. Where can I find out more about your project? Good luck!!!!
Damn cereone looked good. Hook that kid up with a title shot this year Dana
I need another tan....
#SOTU over and out..
Are you serious? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'll kill you! My keys smell like nasty metal and they're greasy.
We're on the train to Bangkok aboard the Thailand Express!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet for sure ain't no doubt ill go crazy if ill meet him , ill start to cry like a lil bitch lmaoo
No WAY! RT : Platypuses are poisonous.
Your last year of high school is freaking expensive <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
waaaaah you're a but ;P
Did anybody else see that ad suggesting we should take our moms to Hooters for Mothers' Day? They confused Sunday for Fathers' Day.
happy birthday baby girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Haha, I thought you were being sarcastic. I will do that, sir.
<fist bump>
next time, on air!
#DisSummaries: disdainful, dismissive summaries in a dissertation
I don't see how that's an error on me. It wasn't a great throw, but that's catchable. I mean really.
Karaoke tonight I think yea !!
Woot! Thanks for listening to , y'all!
Thx for the mention, Bridget... hope all is well in your world! xoxo J
Like any good Christian brother, I hope to see drowning in a puddle of his own green and yellow tears in about 4 hours.
Mark Sanchez's dogs name is Judas
Is LeBron out there?
i did follow you. follow back?
need as many likes on computers , thanks to all i follow or my followers, have a blessed day
The trees reflected in the river -- they are unconscious of a spiritual world so near to them. So are we.
A musical legend is a fan of "The Beautified Project"!! Follow us and find out who!
hey - how are you liking my #Boston now ;)
Oh look, Tottenham is playing Manchester City right now...
I wish Briana was here to see this, she would be cracking up lol
IM PUTTIN THE MAGIC TRAPPER BOOK PAD DOWN....GOD SHOWED ME A DIFF. WAY....
I just grabbed my hand sanitizer, thinking it was my water, and almost took a drink.
you have a good time last night buddy?!
I like "Mercy" by Kanye West; I also liked it a few years ago when it was known as "Still Tippin'" by Slim Thug.
NEED sleep but not gonna till the winner is announced :-)
Having a tough time getting anything going. Let's see if I can double up in this last level
#followfriday #atlanta what's good
Happy Birthday to our very own SHAWNA! :)
If Evelyn feels so bad for Kesha why would she put dead fish in her room?
dj shy and dj dario from power 98 will be in da mix 2marrow at the state capitol
Slam dunk contest would be better with midgets and little tikes hoops. Boo
Why is there nothing on TV at night.
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you like me how I am
A study done by Loyola College showed color invoices get paid 30% faster than black and white! Call us for details 303-778-0600
I applaud him for that. And respect him for wanting to choose the best fit for him not for everyone else.
Just booked a sweet show in june by the
#tlg2012 Don't forget to get your tickets for conference festival, 3B's, tonight. Stop by Alliance booth.
I cant sleep cause earlier i recieved a text saying cops came by and told us some guy called 911 and is gonna shoot as many as hes can
Its been a while but I'm back to tweetin
After work nap :) till I sleep
It was the celebration of my dreams.
It's been a week since the #hungerchallenge started! Eating on a food stamp budget can't be easy, have people started to feel the pain yet?
": Sleep sleep sleep. I need more sleep."
I just set a reminder to remind me to look at my notes that were intended to remind me of things on the first place.
really,when?and how does it work?
Rich Ross out at Disney. Wow.
Look-another old white man on American Idol! Some of them (Joe Cocker!) are awesome, but seriously...what happened to contemporary artists?
You win some, and then you lose some.
Your mom.
feeling better now. #420 @
im not wasting my tears over you, are you fucking kidding me? i have better things to do than to waste the liquid in my eyes over u, bitch.
I'm imagining myself eating a sundae right now. M. Imaginary sundae.
I wear slip-on sneakers. Minimal effort with maximum results.
were u in the new hiphop room? I was there
I will take your Bitch and turn her into everybody Bitch- Lil Wayne
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
No midnight worship tonight....
Are you going to be doing a tutorial on your blog for it?
I can't tell if I replied to any of these or not..It doesn't show me. Lmao. I'm PRETTY sure I did. xD
Really?! Cobbler? What a coincidence! Are you going to a movie next? Perhaps Iron Man?
Big THANKS to my new photographer :)
But since he wants to be a douche bag and cry about something so stupid. I'll let him hate on me all he wants.
Thanks ! We at BAA are very excited too!
Do you think an amendment should be added to the Constitution to officially define the federal bureaucracy as the 4th branch of government?
WHAT DID I TELL YOU.
excellent English.
U said u were the better man.... But all i c see and hear is the same bullshit again...
Yesterday was the day from hell. No. Really.
you drink that stuff? if so, how?
Austin likes any kind of girl. (:
Should I get McDonalds before my meet or bad idea hm...
#23 "If ur looking at things u shouldn't be looking at, sooner or later u will be doing things u shouldn't do." -
MT So pleased that people took the time today to recollect and honor teachers that changed their lives
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank. ~ Woody Allen
Being in the Piney Woods of E Texas reminds me what the night sky is supposed to look like: it's dark & there's more up there than Orion!
Thanks alot rain , yuh fucked up my hair -_- & now my boots are wet !
Did you know 12 oz of beer = 1.5 oz of 80 proof liquor?
i rub off on you.
No way! The Pack is going to be out in force tonight...that's a whole lotta mass for one row of chairs
naw mean i love ya
YES! We will post the link this week after final bib assignments are done. Online Registration ends tomorrow, so it won't be long!
- please check out the website www.engagementexpo.com and www.loyaltyexpo.com Thx Mark Johnson 513-290-5147
LOST DOG ALERT! Near downtown. Red, female pitbull. Spotted this morning. If you see her, please call or text 317-215-1387....
Look out , is done with exams.
Know the names of your partner's friends and ask to tell you stories about them. Its a great way to show that you care.
how often we are dissatisfied at either end of an extreme but instead of seeking balance we push further into the extreme hoping for relief
Both. Foundation of beer, then shots as nitro to push through checkered flag. Or checkered toilet bowl. Whatevs.
People are mad funny.. Just watching people at the gym..
House Strain BELLA ROMULAn featured as NUGSHOTS Strain of the Month MOTA Mag July Issue! SD City Council Repealed Ban 10-2 Yesterday!!! :)
downloading yet another poker site...I will find one that I can win on eventually!
late lunch? Try our Chinese Chicken Salad ToGo! Call 214.742.3873 to order now!
where you parking? Canal St but Shh it's a secret
Oh, yeah, saw Swervedriver at the Bottom Lounge last night. Amazing show.
you could come relax with me if you want!
Quality is an excuse for lack of quantity
In the groovy 60s we were singing “Where have all the flowers gone?” Could a day come when we’ll sing the same about the honeybees?
Grateful for Sundays, to rest, recreate and recharge for the week ahead . . .
Where are you ?
I play the same song, over and over cause it reminds me of you.
glad to be one of the lucky ones!
He's in Gemstone. Not a good thing at all.
Like Wesley Snipes I'm Riding On That
Congrats to you, Del!
Drank a lovely Kir Royale last night...forgot how simple and stylish Champ and Creme de Cassis can be
we new tweetaaaaa :D
Asian supplier getting more queries about key resin Ube Industries, Asia's largest producer of the crucial PA-12 resin used in cars, said
My dumm ass just found out I could disable the dlc maps on #mw3 & u will get nothing but low ranking noobs will try when I get home #rape <U+E415><U+E113>
#IDidNotMakeTheRulesIJustFollowThem That's because the economy is always more important than nature
Yesterday was the best night of my life, by far.
Yes! Sometimes we like to sucker punch in the introduction, sometimes we spread little truth bombs throughout. Enjoy!
God is great, beer is good & cats are crazy
RT : Joint social event w/ Rotaract in #JCMO on 12.8.11 at Spectators. Bring a can - or a bunch - to help !
don't have a dirty mind... I have a sexy imagination! ^_^
Bailey had a bad inning!!! I hate him!! Why is he even in the majors?? Time to cut him and start Chapman!!! #FireDusty!
Bilderberg meets to coordinate the global meltdown u c today. Meeting of dumb n dumber
Great #xcskiing at Deer Grove today. Cold and sunny, reasonably fast. 16k in 1:50h. Got another blister, but it was worth it.
you soo funny!!! when are you performing in nyc next?
you are so hot.
Has anyone ever bought a suit from Joseph A Bank? Is the buy one get 2 free deal worth it? Or will we just have 3 crappy suits?
Casey Anthony is the most remarkable liar I've ever witnessed. I can't be alone in this but I know I'd be DONE if I were a juror! DONE.
3 months is too long with my Russian!
They choke? RT It's like MMA. But for actors.
I am off to find me a gypsy. And eat copious amounts of hummus. Don't be jealous.
“: Asher told me he really liked my poof this morning. Ha ha” love it!
for dinner!
About to take this online defensive driving course...
Part 4: Too often we seem to hurt the ones closest to our hearts. And we let the most foolish things and people tear us apart.
Nope, definitely GroupMe. Look at the other spam-like GroupMe tweets in the Twitterverse....no warning.
I just got the gentlest airport pat-down. Either the rules have changed, or this fellow was a gentleman.
enjoying an evening of Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth. Ah...
The West's framework of meaning….
Did 5 miles today
Every time I see a picture of Karl Rove, I can't help but think that his neck is trying to swallow his face.
RT : Easter brunch? Take ’s class 4/16 to become a pro at savory egg pudding, grits soufflé , & streusel Bundt cake.
RIP Amy Winehouse
It is What it is.
i'm a big fan good to see u tonite and get the win
Thanks for following! I Love the Name of Your TOUR!
yeah...just when u needed them the most. GO FIGURE!
OMG too many things *dies*
#TEAMRETWEET JOIN THE TEAM
lmao I mean it wasn't amazing but it was cool...ok try something like a business
Tango music , groovy
Viqueens. he knows the system. Shanahan has run him out of DC
lol that night was bomb!!
My friend Nick's nickname is Name. Wait, that's not right. I hate that guy.
Thanks! :) TeresaY Have a lovely evening.
Like could this dude go any slower
Game 7 in LA.
Watching a movie
Just finished press conf with r Barrera. N Fletcher bill Freeman asking City ccdc to excelerate redevelopment $ to schools
I bet Zuckerberg didn't "like" that
The next week and a half is going to drag by<U+E403>
great talk last night.
please. I have more speeding tickets than anyone. #leadfoot they will recruit me to drive nascar
ooh! You didn't use three words! :o Lmao I kid. I kid. :') And calm down! o.O
PEANUT BUTTER cheesecake! With chocolate glaze!
you have me chills last night! AMAZING!
buy me one and send it to me in my po box that im getting soon
Fuck em with your Vans on! ;D
HA!! What a great photograph!
making up stories about the woman who walks her dog on my morning driving route
Once Austin meets me, he won't be single anymore..(;
If I let you borrow my #JCole #ColeWorld #SidelineStory album,
We will be there! RT Town hall meetings in OKC today @ 11:30a. Details here: goo.gl/jj7Pd
and looking at Twitter isn't helping!
Last day of old menu Get it before its gone! Happy Hr 4-6 $2 off bar & apps. Wine Wed 6-10 $6 glasses & 25% of bottles
I told myself a year ago I refuse to get Sperries until I see high tops with my name on them. Ask & you shall receive <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I was able to do an entire 15 min ab workout while mom was sitting on the toilet
I hav a crush on Victor <3
but me and my friends are going to see it in a hour D:
stop tagging pictures of himself in pictures even when he's not in them
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you guys at Green Drinks tonight!
": #WHATAFEELING When your crush Messages You." and then says something that makes u realize u weren't the intended receiver
other peoples' lives seem interesting cuz they ain't mine
RT just got our copy of a fun new guide to chicago dining by jennifer olvera. yfrog.com/kfacfhp
Happy Mom's Day to you also!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time." ~Betty Smith
Hoping for some real spring soon, blizzards are fine for winter, but not in March!!!
Happy Halloween! What are you being this year, tell us!!! Stop by the stores for a quick in between treat, we want to see your costume!
I forgot already. Spank away.
glad finally learned what the scan button did on the radio this weekend, but who still listens to the radio anyway?
This concert had no intermission either. I actually had to leave the audio rolling to go use the bathroom, the audience must've been dying
Whenever you accidentally burp in the movies. And the guy in front of you turns around and laughs.
Derangement,Desperation, Self-Destractiveness
Getting nervous K-Rod will accept arb tonight. Love him setting-up but not at $13M. And, will he be content at setup and not cry?
Thanks for the Re-Tweet!!!!
Not that hard to believe RT : Hard to believe, but #Mariners 0-for-48 w/4BB and 21K vs. Neftali Feliz.
RT : ": Sipping #clear10 n da middle of da day wit my pinky finger up... Feeln like my bigger nigga...
Woo! Listening to cover artists and play LIVE on Insight right now. Sounds SO good!! 90.9 FM
Jordy other guys have to many question marks around them
check my tumblr. Just loaded the tootie fruity fun bag video
with the caveat that I am not a lawyer :-)
Way to many people in Vegas. Going to hotel. Room service and gonna watch my #Mavs in a few hours.
Whatup Doe! Hope this is a productive summer for the team!
I really like my bf. He's awesome!
that's not too shabby there.
#FF Playdate movie peeps. Know them
Who's awake?
they're so gross. I cried last time I ate one
My bus is so quiet
For accordion, I suggest learning left hand & rhythm first b/c simultaneously squeezing the air is a feat of its own!
That'll work.
She too young crazy white chicks this movie smh
That's why I can respect teams that put money into defense and play small-ball offense.
Davis has beads on. Did he show his boobies?!? Lol
Ah, yes. That could be awkward. I think it's great that they want to learn and you want to help.
We all know Eastdill never talks so I can only imagine most of the info in this piece is from CBRE.
bro I'm watching your shorty play after the game! Too cute
As always, I left our meeting with tons of new ideas. Thanks again!
Sweet. Take as much time as you need!
Follow 4Humanities: Advocating for the Humanities at
Anybody like perfect? lol
been there!!!
Ohio librarians volunteer to go to SXSW '13 to study the feasibility of moving the dates of #erl14 to coincide...
It burns my ass to be treated so disrespectfully I don't deserve it I will try not to tweet u any firther adios
I have 5 different twitter accounts but this is my main one.
today i had a #tape fight , a #water fight , AND!!! a #MUD fight ! so fun who doesn't luv little siblings ?
bet me bitch
Never thought I would say this, but can't wait to watch okc punk the lakers lol THUNDER UP!
well i'm excited to hear it!!! we have to make her record it so I can hear/see!
Very soon! Keep your eyes peeled!
I want to preorder the 1D live tour DVD but I don't have any money. I swear, I'm broke because of One Direction. THIS IS WHAT THEY DO TO ME.
haha suree for u :) he is cute but mikey gets more attention from me ;D there all cute mikey stands out tho
I need a drink.. #Billiedeewillams said #colt45 work everytime so im on my way..
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. Lanston Hughes
Sleep tight<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I wish there were an instagram filter to make you look more decent.
I'm finding you don't always recognize the red flags until the game is already over. Then again some games are meant to be lost :)
LML AHH FUCK THIS SHIT LML, besides all i wanted was to ask if u wanna text ?
Went to Trader Joe's and bought a few cheeses. Game on.
Bank of England Keeps Rates at 0.5%, Leaves Asset Purchase Target Unchanged.
ha just in a mood. Long day in the sun plus caff withdrawal and stuffs. Stabby feelings lol
F#@& YEAH MAN, sometimes good shit happens to hard working people....up with hope, down with dope, unless your Canadian, they need that shit
ROC YOUR SUPER HOT AND I LOVE YOU<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Katherine created a music video for Wye Oak, entirely out of papercut shadow puppets.
You deserve the best.
Thanks again! I think it's important to honor any talent you have ..
Did my writing assignment over the ICONic Boyz. Got a 100! :)<3 Right there, Yeah Buddy!
Do you have a hashtag for this event? I could use some grins. But Vilas Mom would like to remind you, #besafe (never #dontgo).
Who made it through an 11:00 Multi position plank today??? This guy! So happy! When I started training 5 years ago I couldn't finish 1:00.
Come see Kazu Kibuishi and Allen Say drawing live in the Graphic Novels Pavilion!
You don't tug on Superman's cape. You don't spit into the wind...
Good luck to all Tigers testing this weekend!
Impractical Jokers finale tonight! :)))
Of course! There are also rumors of a Minecraft server...
1. Domestic Oil production is up under Pres. Obama. 2. Oil price is set at a global market. Your empirical facts for this weekend.
I love how you can see Cliff signaling 'two outs' emphatically.
shut up my uterus!
"Give me oats or give me death" -Patrick Henry horse
Hey Mark - it's about 90 today - whew! How are things in Beantown?
The price of gas doesn't bother me at all. From West Texas and Daddy's in the Oil Bidness!
Sleep, preferably on shoulder next to you.
UCLA class as an experiment in public history, bringing together UCLA students with high school students who know the community
Can you support me guys?<U+2665>Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me ! Please.No?OKay.Bye.
A butterfly can look at you through 12,000 eyes.
My new songs #SHE'SGOTME and #DANCETONIGHT are up on facebook and up youtube. Check me out @ Aaron Davis Fan page on Facebook.
Listening to the mixtape by for the 1st time. Shyts pretty good
RT : #RelationshipsRequire a good friendship. A bond that is everlasting.
Oh, you never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the lava? Please, tell me more about your amazing childhood.
actually i am writing them out now. they take a long time to write. i felt it would be cooler if they arrived individually
RT- Let's bring back Geren while we're at it. - Let me talk to about coming back aboard.
I'm working hun, sorry I can't come watch you.
no spamming!
Words to live by, my friend. RT : "Stay gold Ponyboy, stay gold.
Did you party this weekend?
Good Morning!A nice Cappuccino...CAKE! sounds good. Order our Cappuccino cake today or any of our 13 flavors! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Amos 7:6 That situation you are trying so hard to change... you can't; but God can! LET HIM!
Build Day in 25 days!!
Who's idea was it to hold council meetings st 6 pm? Don't answer I know.
walking down the steps.. yes I'm a clutz. Lol
team law suit... And GO!
lmao hell yeah! And when he did Trust Issues too!
OK, fine, sure - #ssrn is now working; no responses via twitter, but 2 via a listserv; long live Web 1.0!!!!!
I would rather go through our way than yours!
Never give up, people eventually come to their senses.
Today is so nice. It’s like the weather is smiling, and I’m smiling back! <U+263A>
I NEVEAAAAAHHH thought it would come down to THAT!!! WOW! WOW!
"I'm enough"
Somebody been eating my chips..but I'm not even gone flip out..cause I will ova these chips.
Miami-Dade County looks and feels like the mid-west. Thats a good thing! #happyhumble&modestsunday
"YOLO. Tell that to Jesus." -
#ihavenorespect for the bitch that took my sex toy and made him a daddy lol
I knew I liked that man. RT : Everything can change in an hour so no early celebrations here. Yiddo. COYS.
not funny. & yes, it was the white boy!
cause im bored :(
The location pin is getting near accurate. <U+E40D>
sure why not follow back
damn right lolz
Wisdom teeth extractions are lethal! My mouth is still numb :____(
Facebook currently unavailable?! Better start working :P
Everyone seems honest on the Internet.
just listening to music
ba da BOOM, girl... I feel ya.
who he rap like
no problem.
Now that jury finds Kelly Elementary shooter Brendan O'Rourke guilty on all counts, "part 2" of trial (the sanity portion) starts tomorrow
Vesta and Chaka Khan could have been sisters. Two beautiful powerhouses!
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. -Booker T. Washington
There is a rapper named Chief Keef...
Happy Birthday Nessuhhh =) Have a great day!
You looked way too disappointed over 13<U+2033>. You did well! Buck up, take care of your foot, and see ya tomorrow!
who inspired you the most?
Be TAN for the HOLIDAYS! *Specials TODAY* All UV and/or Mystic tans are $10! Buy ANY membership and tan the rest of the month for FREE!
I doubt I'll tire of this any time soon. :) RT : You're welcome, Drew. Or do we call you Dr. Dellinger now. :)
What's going on
DITTO RT : Out of the office and on to happy hour with , , and Andy Reynolds. Yea for Friday!
city streets probably provide a grander palette, but out in nature i bet you could make a duckhead to represent for the DocBook book :)
doug - 35 years from now, tim tebow won't be playing football. well, duh.
WHERE THE HELL DID ALL THESE DUMB ASS ADS COME FROM?? HOW DO I STOP THEM?
i love your morning with all the jokes and stuff. This morning was like a romantic morning.i love it!!!
With a psychology degree.... sometimes I feel awful for having such an amazing family. I feel like I can't relate
I love you guys too! Come back to the bay! <3
thanks for the RT Rod
New liners featuring Trace Adkins, Taylor Swift, and more, up now in Artist Audio on #productionvault!
Wrangler for my son Oscar
You see, I am also Grohl's bitch.
i'll check on it for ya
I think I'm about to give up.
You are a human being. You have rights inherent in that reality. You have dignity and worth that exists prior to law. ~Lyn Beth Neylon
It's Caymus time! Ten wines, including Special Selection, all open for tasting, all sale priced. 4 to 7pm.
my puppy kept barking in my face , and trying to bite me ... all night !
FUMBLE!!! FUMBLE!!! #Steelers!
#itsabeautifulworldbecause You are still here.. Follow Me
EWC Carmel has 110 fans! Let's get this number to 120 by the end of the week! We know you can do it :)
When i'm gonna walk to school & my boyfriend forces me into a ride with him -.-
Action without planning is the cause of all failure. Action with planning is the cause of all success. - Brian Tracy
When Im ready Ill let you know! HA!!!!!!!!!
Make my dream come true</3
haha what do you think I did? I got up took the belt off my neck and got outa there lol
Thanks! I wasn't aware there was a #bitcoin conference happening. :)
Wah! Rick Roll'd at Ben & jerry's
GOOD LUCK IN COURT BIG CUZZZ ILY !
I live for tweets dis dude is straight too funny!
it's barely 7am and I already had one kid hit the other with a whiffle ball bat...
Well, Ron Paul's out of the race, but you can still catch him this Christmas in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit.
"What a sense of superiority it gives one to escape reading a book which everyone else is reading. "
I make people love me!
#TwSIG Beware of robotics and spammers. Time for questions!
hey so what about going to see june 21-25? fly out of greensboro, nonstop, 181 bucks.
Another NBA Playoff Prediction: ONE of the top four seeds in the East will go down in the First round! #nbaplayoffs,
The majority of cops r good. There r 14,0000 in Chicago. The fact a handful have been in news 4 misconduct shouldnt taint the other 13,990!
My mom always finds a way to making me cry and felling like freaking sh*t...
It's finally happened! :/ And right after Gary Coleman too!
Your boyfriend looks like a chick.
AGENCY MASCOT. We love you amore.
You drive me crazy half the time, the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true.
We spent the day coaching some very talented high schoolers at Northwestern in Chicago. So inspiring!
Seattle folks: is 8/20-21 at Wanna go? We have a discount code for Twestival folks (code "smcsea").
been great, have a good balance of work and play too so we're not going crazy haha
I'm a skeptic of everything that people tell me. All the time. Its frustrating to not trust ppl, but same time I listen.
the key is have have quality faster than your competition.
Fed up.
RT : #ASTD2012 I just downloaded the ASTD Events app and love the features!
Yesterday: 2, today: 9... Can't keep up with this weather
you and me
Getting new followers! When I get to 200 I'll share with everyone the first concert I went to.
Moscow and no Missoula? Come on man;)Guess we'll have to wait until Nashville...
'cause she loves you.
Can You Follow Me Please RT
Lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : No girl under 5'6 has a chance... I need to breed a cam newton or lebron.. no Gary Colemans
Today I made some oil paint with Joan's mud! I mixed dry, powdered mud with linseed oil. The paint color is similar to raw umber!
already here! Excited about God!
Keep plugging, Zoe. I'll be monitoring your continued success with envy.
is it possible to get your email? Very detailed questions
45 minutes :) I'm really glad Jordan can't leave
Austy needs concerts in other places too, js. It is sorta unfair.
At my parents' in West Chester. Can't say no to free!
appreciate the RT
I'm now following Trib's beer guru b/c of 's Three Floyds mention (Paul, tip of my hat to you. I'm a craft beer geek).
My #Graduation is in 11 days! Staying with in the summer and then in September! :oD
sent u an email, let me know if u got it! #weedropweerock!!! Pe
Hooray #Apple! iPhoto '11 is a buggy, backwards pile of un-Apple-like shame, though.
The ladies in this salon callin kanye west gay....lmao
Haha.....that is so funny! Watch some of the other Chicka Boom videos...trippy stuff. Especially the comments!
So this week #Leverage out Office'd The Office & #Community out Glee'd Glee. Neato.
now delete ur account, ure not wanted there :austin3:
Going out on the town and have a little fun....and maybe a little trouble along the way lol
It's #NothingPersonal hahahhaha that's awesome!!
Give me your best story as to why I should give you some The Maine merchandise, posters, CDs. Post them here on Facebook.
Just realized #zombiemoms is a hash tag ha!.
I feel bad for subs ,becuz kids is bad af!
I'm looking for a cincinnati based iOS developer for the summer innov8 for health accelerator.
been here 13 years and still never been to to Telluride. Is that where the Blues N Brews fest is held?
Mitt Romney thinks legal immigrants shouldn't get in-state tuition. Vidal Sassoon died today.
ENTER TO WIN: Calendar Datesake Jewelry From Not Just Any Old ...
Made myself some french toast! So glad I can semi cook. >,<
Nod, agree, agree, agree with the new parent! (happy new year)
I am relax
Will do! So far the Twitters have not been forthcoming.
RU in sales with experience in radio/tv who wants to sell time on a Christian TV station and website in Las Vegas, NV?
(bryan) RT : "jackson pollack velocity" best analogy for keeping up with the noise i think i've ever heard.
Love it, RIP BIggie
30 blocks in stilettos? s Very impressive!!!
I will never fault a man for fibering up.
My apologies.
that sucks D: what trip though?
:) all da way ya hurd
yess...i watch it last night justin....your in the x factor.....
"I wish we had another time, I wish we had another place but everything we have is stuck in the moment."
He told him that I talk about him all the time. I don't. I made that clear to him.
Yes!!! Richard Grenell, a gay Romney spokesman on national security, has resigned! We want missiles pointed in the right direction.
yes i am and im going to bed now night
must admit I'm still watchin those world star videos...
Hahaha. Not enough #twss on here RT : #twss RT GOOD THINGS HAPPEN WHEN YOU GO INSIDE.
Grateful to my mum for filling my life with happy & my closet with her hand-me-downs. Love to all you wonderful mamas out there!
Really, really awesome. I think the kids and nonprofits both learned a lot.
I went for a long walk w husband and dog so yes
Excuse me if I choose to act like a young lady and not a hood rat!!!
tried my hand at digging my own grave this afternoon. broke the shovel, kept digging by hand.
It should be pretty obvious that it said "gote am"
I should apply at apple bees (:
we made new friends!!!
I'm just not an Angelina fan.
thanks buddy! And thanks for putting me on the 'Harry Potter Death March!'
make me some breakfast .. and then come suck this dick
are you done with school?
Brazilian workout!! Love it!!
There isn't a whole lot of good hip-hop from this millenium to be found.
Thank you everyone for the overwhelming amount of support! We love you guys I really mean that!!
Ready for a night out!
God I love gay bars so much. They're playing non stop Madonna. I will, however, never find a boyfriend here.
I'm thinking you've got a lil baby baking in the oven. That's joyous news, but all the men that fancy you might be sad now!
Taking a late shower.
Thx to the gifts in my fridge I think tonight's dinner calls for pasta, basil pesto from 's garden and tomatoes from mine. Yum.
I'm really starting to dislike thee unconscious
chillin man,puttin some work together
Ever been so hungry you got sad.....done let food fuck withcha emotions
On MLB Network, Harold Reynolds just said Philly is a 45 minute drive to DC. Bullet train? Time warp?
Arik Cannon is backstage. He's upset about getting snubbed for the title match. He just beat Stevens last week.
pic or it didn't happen
still waiting for the day when will release more tour dates/ album release date .
nice to meet u Taylor, im Shelby :) haha!
You know that long tile-lined tunnel with the greenish lighting that's in every contempo noir-ish movie filmed in L.A.? Does it have a name?
imissyouuu to :D
OMG !! Did the real Lea Michele just tweet me !!?!???!!!
Wow I truly hope this day doesnt get any better, I dont know what I would do!
this month lol
I think the battery life is fantastic, but I don't use it as much as my cell. I charge mine about once every 5 days.
Hubby & I decided to do the meatless Monday thing. Planning a mexican salad w/refried beans served on toasted tortillas 4 dinner tonight :)
I call it how I see it, I won't give you the title if you don't know how to be it
I love #cigs and I #wish i had one #fuck #school. Cereal Bowles
first he buys the Soho House, now this : Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson still in communication with Ron Burkle about Kings purchase
I love how whenever I get on Twitter, there's always the Perfect quote flying by in my Twitter stream....
"I love Diana Krall" -Moms
I love you Harry<U+2665> you are beatiful<U+2665>
what did do with all his posters in his room?.. did he take them or leave them :/
Going over Feb reports. Have a pest control customer who got 26 leads and 1 roofer who got 23 from footprint bundle. $500 for these results!
What is it about rich assholes that bring out my inner Robin Hood? The urge to balance things out & remind to all that everything is God's
": Did Lynz Delete Her Twitter Or Is My Phone Juss Tripping?" Shereally deleted it
eating recesses puffs cereal...
We need more followers and Likes on Facebook!! Help spread the word!
last year somebody told me something outrageous and when I asked about it the answer was "well i got an email about it"
So & #RestoreOurFuture favors creating a 2nd-class of #AmericanCitizenship...he seems 2 believe inalienable rights R alienable.
Sweet! I hear that they are really cool people...that dog is pretty crazy though :P
s/o to all the women that take the pill period. they ass to old to b sitting up at the abortion clinic at 40yrs old
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. -Euripides
Aw...What Sport...Fun Times!!!
thanks for the follow, in reading your bio, I see we are like minded. cool, you might like where I journal online, free!
all very nice! And you live so far away WHY?
Thanks Kendal! That's great advice. I'll be sure to mention it tomorrow.
welcome:) if it wasn't for you i wouldn't be able to do what I love for a living
your a great singer I think you can go far!<33
Woke up early. Going to yell at my mom to wake up already lets see how she likes it.
You know it's gonna be a day when you wake up with the Arthur theme in your head.
It must be screw jazmen over day
Sign up for our Annual Win a Trip to Ireland Party! March 16th at Ned Devine's! For more info visit...
Thanks for the detailed update, user! We will try to fix it for good ASAP. _Art/GK
I'll take your word for it. RT #FF because if you take a look, it really is in a book!
Looking forward to chatting on here! Always excited to meet other Seattle music tech peeps.
Anyone else having problems connecting to Facebook?
pffft...i've got about 15 hours left of Ready, Player One for my Wheaton fix.
right now!:)
Shucks...back atcha!
I love it when bands follow me. I get to look at there profiles, look them up, and find a whole new group of people to enjoy listening to <U+2665>
Off to Ratings!
im pee pants the inebriated hobo clown
LET'S DO THIS: Sunday, 9pm, Twilight Exit - it is so been broughten'!
haha too funny
Congrats on and all your hard work!!
We're attending the RATE corporate tax event at The Blackwell at OSU. Ohio US Senator among the speakers.
"how come lemonade doesn't help us?" MH
Drew is the best. Horrible decision. Let's hope you're not there next season.
do not follow this guy he dont follow back
Merry Christmas Asia, Australia and the Far East!!
Yes! & why for premires & red carpets would you wear sleeve less dresses if you have nothing to hide? Think people
Today will be unforgettable thanks to and Silvester. Lolol. xD
lmao the heart eyes face lol
It's Wednesday so House Martini's are only $5 today!
Pictures from last night's show w/ will be posted on our facebook momentarily!
watching never say never (:
perfect!!!! It's beyond amazing;)
Maurice Sendak's work engaged readers of all ages and made us think. I was sorry to learn of his passing.
Oh gotcha. Thanks
Time to switch to Google Docs! ;)
That intentional grounding in the end zone is a safety rule is terrible. I hour the owners discuss it in the off-season.
Actually , was responding to me. She doesn't need to use gimmicks to book work. She has talent for that. :)
Beautiful pics and blog. Yay! Hugs in you Lil Concentrated Mommy. Hugs from your bigbrotheruncle Marc :)
The awkward moment when you see identical twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly..
you got it!
Bout to eat as many wings as I can
Have we enough to keep it together?
Nothing like watching glee after a lame solo. Makes you feel like a even bigger loser. -___- curse you glee.
Amazing how often it happens. Despite a great 20-30 secs, most of them aren't better for much longer. Often works for TV themes too.
RT : #Nuggets sweep season series from Orlando for first time since 1991-92.
hahaaa! you're a fool kyle.
Thanks, Aaron. Obviously really looking forward to it. Now I just have to wait out an X-mas Eve lasting 2-3 weeks.
Gotta Blunt Wit No Weed <<<<<
Fucking pissed right now. Can't believe Lakers lost this game.
they were too hard on them, I thought they did great
hm. perhaps fremont market again??!! who know! come visit us for some summer deals :)
thats awesome man! i can't wait to see what you do!!!!!!!!!
did you go to the Hello Nasty tour in 98?
Working hard on the #NewBeauty Launch Event at #FredSegal in Santa Monica!
for killer reviews......
Oh never mind :o
Va Uranium - Piedmont Residents in Defense of the Environment
that one time when your watching the videos from a concert and you voice is louder than others
a moment to brag plse -worn out, sunburned & battle weary-my daughter's Eclipse sccr team WON U13 Des Moines Iowa Premier Soccer tournament!
Thom just dropped pontificate. Slow down.
Hope you enjoyed your Linner. Happy Birthday!!!
so thoughtful! Mine gave me one of those Tiffany's charm necklaces. I was like, do you even know me?
That moment when you have a lot of homework & you all ready Hav enough to do after school & ur just like t(-_-)t 'forget you !'
tweet tweet
GoodMorning! Hope you have a great day, <AB
i love that song!:)
Young men, hone your fistic skills! They will enhance your priapic prowess.
. But they're pretty much just smoozing right now. Thought I saw Ivanka Trump? When do the speeches start?
that Monday evening you would still be here with me.
and compared to Canada.
This may be completely lame way to use your FSA but you could give first aid kits as Christmas gifts or for new babies.
Happy mothers day to my self and all mothers out there, :)
I'm good. Lovin this 80 degree weather. Miss u much!
I just killed that final.
so my ipod is on max volume and they're still louder.
didn't know I was being tested and for what? How can honesty fail? If you love the lord then u realize only he can test sum1
hell yea , well mine is the 3rd , but sat. At midnight strikes the 3rd so shit hell yea come thru , we got bottles, ya can
family first
WE ARE!
I can't believe ive never seen you there, I used to go all the time with my dad!
you are beautiful!:) i love your style
checking back in after hiatus... waiting for the hub to come home
ugh, after the 2 years we've had, we deserve to GET IT 24/7 right now, son!!
I tried texting him and it was like "this number is out of service" Then I lost it! Haha :]
I will not be surprised if #Butler beats
Okay Brussels sprouts. Tonight, WE DANCE (with some red onion, garlic, and poached eggs)
Happy birthday Nelle Harper Lee. Thanks for giving us Atticus, Scout, Jem, Dill and Boo.
Cleaning up and out my following list...
Cute Austin,How's it feel to be Famous famous
I hate Facebook. Myspace is so much better! WTF, world?
Congratulations to all the lucky actors cast for the trailer directed by
Hope you had a great b-day celebration!!
A leopard CANNOT change its spots.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 9
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a lifetime supply of coupons to KFC, Church's, and Popeye's.
Singing #SaySomething in science and having people stare at me.. I regret nothing. <3
And just like that they are up… definitely time for me to leave for a little bit ;-)
#deepestsongsofalltime love like woe
dude I am tonight ;)
denying a woman the right to life is greatest violation of all
My friend would email me the Google Voice translations of my VMs. They were hilariously bad.
well that's great! But surely that's not the only department?
"The High Road" is now available on Itunes, Napster, Amazon MP3, Last.fm, Verizon, Zune, and iHeart Radio and more to come.
in Eau Claire and I never understand why u have 24 checkouts and only 4 are open.
They're filming an episode of one block from my house; it'd be awesome if Dottie could be an extra--she's so Portland
it smells like an air conditioner in my apartment, and i don't hate it. #summer?
Back at work today. If anything these last two weeks have proven that I will be able to handle retirement without any trouble.
Associate Director of the CO-OP program Barbara Smith is speaking at the #NASHCO conference.
#Best #Golf #Jokes 'An old #Man with a #Bad memory came home from a long round of Golf...' Read PunchLine @ > www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL!
Ash Bibi thanks for the add!
Again PBO shows who he is and what he's about. Wake up people and smell the roses for he is for the people and not for money. Can't buy him
very true! We have been fortunate, I'm thinking a cold winter in TX since it have been a hot summer/fall
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicting!" by Amy
hate it when ur trying to straighten ur hair, and u straighten all ur hair and none got straight and u realize its not plugged in!! lol
one good ML-related thing is Messages. I've been using the beta.
I was working! Or destroying the competition too quick, I went for a throw setup that last match. :x
is the MOST excited about 3FL metal night. E
Can't be happy about this Bulls win until I know D-Rose is okay...nonetheless
i added you
Happy 8 week birthday :-)
#bbadam what is your ideal pre performance food or drink?
I HATE the LAKERS
#bored. gonna straighten my hair for fun. BRING ON FRIDAY.
I'm still missing Ryan Dunn. Watch Jackass 3 this week and just left me with a heavy heart.
If there is no chemistry between you and the person during sex, that's just a setup for failure period.
Ari's proud of her body so you people can continue hating.
killer cold weather, boston.
pupils big as shit.
WHEW! RT : Inbox: "INHOFE REITERATES SUPPORT FOR TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE."
yeahh if you did like it you would of said pretty much the same thing I did lol
So true, I suppose I'm getting ahead of myself. A4 As long as a break is doable, the rest is details
I don't presume to go so far as understanding G's actions. But the 'vision' is intriguing
u not gonna see eye to eye on this my friend lol
what's good with ya!
[5 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
Victorias Secret Wild Things Something went wrong
I hate my room cause it takes forever to clean -_-
It's free!
same lol RT“: wait you mean this is actually real life?! I thought it was just a dream!! Wah :D”
Do it, Jen. Live tweet your meltdown!
Sorry about that! Your order will ship before Tday. Emailing you as well.
I wish i had a damn car. -_-
": Loyalty is key no matter what type of situation u put in..."
send me a pic of you making a heart so i can put it on my phone
I'm totally interested.
Contraception: also a public good with benefits far beyond the private benefactors.
Eye of the tiger, spirit of the squirrel...
actually I'm not doing service learning on Fridays anymore so how about this Friday? At like 11:30am?
NEW PROMO CODE: 6JUNE2011 - Get fast, secure, managed WordPress hosting at RocketPress.me! Expires June 6, 2011 - Better hurry!
you better get some food then
that's awesome!I hope they were saying good things. Have u heard about our 30 cent beers? U should come in and get a couple!
alright I'll leave in 10
how else would you like them to be trained? Do you know?
Erin said you moved
RT Now listening to #prettyprogressive on uctcradio it's not too late to tune in w/ my Sorors &
My autographed copy of Black Cool came today!!
I loved that 30 Days of Night gave Vampire's balls again.
have you ever participated in Jouett House Frontier Days? I used to run archaeology for them, I think mostly 4th graders though
First stop: where I will either cut or not cut my hair short...
ORDERING SHOES ONLINE!
Struggling on how to manage your social media strategy? A good rule to follow is 80% of content to be planned and 20% to be supplemented.
Haha u got a glass roof??
RETWEET IF YOU ARE CUTIE! :P
hey man...are you going to the WASU celebration this weekend?
Happy Birthday Princeton :) I hope you have A GREAT Day With the people you love and have a great time :) <3 Briania :) <3
Love 's Japan pix. Not many people can keep an honest sense of wonder after fame. Cool dude.
Whats for lunch? If you don't have an idea then come in today and try one of our delicious Salads or grab a Giant Slice of Pizza.
#HowImGrand someone at my school was getting bullied so me and my friends made room for her at my table :)
I've been paying 2 much attention 2 my cricket blog and tech stuff--I'll take a look!
you can do your evals on babe heads now!
You too!!! RT : Following! Have a great night everyone!
I'm alright! She hit the back of my thigh. It doesn't hurt that bad.
Manners Tip: Be sure you have a firm handshake when meeting someone new. Practice on someone you know!
I love studying
Just had a perfectly ripe, home-grown cantelope.
I just finished a 3.30 mi run with a time of 1:05:51 with Nike+ GPS.
Read this is an article today & Liked it: Social media isn't about telling stories, it's about participating in the storytelling.
Gotcha! :) Cool!
Thats that #TrapHouseQuality ! ! Get a clue what your talent is because its not rappin
Great post Definitely shared it with colleagues!
hope you finish it soon :)
Are you following us at yet? Well, you should.
I first had it at Marquee, but Jules at Cedars Social makes a badassed one.
Any one been to the glover park flea market? I'm gonna check it out during my baby free afternoon.
Imma stop being nice to my female friends. From what I was told, being nice to them and wanting to hang out means I wanna have sex with them
he owes me about 5 double shots so hold him to it lol
Love this infographic video! Thanks for sharing!
I don't wanna run anymore.
thanks a ton!!!!!!!! We appreciate your support!!!! :) keep it metal!
We're excited for our launch party tomorrow at the ! We'll be live tweeting the event so you won't miss a thing!
I guess!!! Maybe in time it'll go away. =\
Mom Duties got in the way. had a dance performance. Watching at home via the stream
Jamming out to with kallie (: <3
what are smeltfish?
so true.
AH I have been so busy at work. sorry & !! i <3 you guys!!! come visit
Hey Burton! Sent Jason my photos about an hour ago. Looking forward to it!
Gerson Law Firm is currently attending the MBA CREF Conference through Wednesday
30 minute nap before work.
Lindsay: In 2007, the FDA required Ambien to change warning label to include "complex sleep-related behavior," including "sleep driving."
CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP. I'm hoarding boxes of #chedbunz AND #chocbunz at my desk!
Damm my stomach hurts
They have nothing better to do then bully people. Get a life. Not at you at them!!
“Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.” ~Annie Dillard
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to all of our veterans!
yes I love it!(:
DDing tonight and getting paid.
I'm proud of everyone that showed up in their cold weather gear tonight.
Happy birthday my dude! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
mm mm mm get out dem feelings
Thanks to ALL my friends and faithful listeners of KKIM for attending our 40 Year Celebration @ Legacy Church last night :) Keep listening!
Never underestimate the impossible
Cesar's Copa Mundial's are the difference in this game.
I'm a 2nd weekend-er! Are you going?
Girlfriend wants to keep a mouse she found as a pet. I think we're way too liberal.
That, so the support. I do it for people like you and other. Spread the word around about me financial blog. Thanks,
Just checked in California Speedway 4 Mario Andretti Driving Experience. Stocked to drive an Indy Car!
It's hilarious watching the (few) non-homophobe Republicans try to avoid agreeing with Obama. Yes, CHENEY is the true visionary, of course!
awe what's wrong?
true statement
too late. we bought your ticket already. be ready by 1 tomorrow (:
Oh man, there's burger pieces all over the bullpan after that Lucroy bomb. Don't worry, is saving their souls.
You are better than me already! And I don't know if I couldd ever match master tweeter !
In Savannah GA...reminds me so much of Charleston SC...going on Black History tour in the a.m..can't wait..my 13 yr old son should enjoy..
Great warmup: glides on /ng/ = siren.
Why do these guys on Maury still mess with the bitches in the green room
mine? Tell me the truth!
RT : you are gorgeous (:--- me or ?! Thats him in that picture.
I don't know why people keep on insisting on pissing me the fuck off.
Yyyyyyyaaaaaayyyyyyy :) ...............bout 2 hit the shower ish might get good! ;)
a jury found my friend Hex was arrested for no good reason! apology from . should be forthcoming
DAILY TIP: Try to have something to do while playing live online (Radio, TV, friends) because playing 20 hands per hour can become tedious.
Look in the cabinet;seasoning packets high in sodium and exp 2yrs ago. WOW
We are still looking forward to welcoming you!
Anytime you try to prove something to someone the music isn't honest
1st tweet..hope your night is being fabulous:):)
Hold on... there's a beer and bacon fest in Boston and I'm hearing about this now???
Korea: Free Trade Agreement will soon result in an immediate elimination of the 20% tariff on #bourbon and Tennessee #whiskey imports.
I did! Hahaha.
Stand in the gap for all of the young people who are in the arena of selling and using drugs...let's fight for our kids.....
1-800-BOB-STEAM RT Going to tweet a winner every week starting this weekend. Stay tuned. Going to call it Steam Release.
#Caps Chimera was the first one heading to the locker room and destroyed his stick on a wall
Katharine McPhee hairstyles: Curly vs. sleek
Wife says to husband: "Whisper dirty things into my ear". Husband leans in and whispers: "Dishes, Laundry, living room"
I wanna go to Shitterbahn or whatever that shits tight
Excited to be a part of for #socent and #socialinnovation. #Designing a better world.
is just so mad because the cookies here at McDonalds are two for a dollar and not three! LOLOL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I just heard "Mark Kotsay hits it outta here!" and thought, "hey! There we go!" then realized he's a Padre now.
Grateful to be auditioning for a great guest spot today on GOOD LUCK CHARLIE playing 'willard' the creepy care taker at a haunted house
back in php class - at least 30% have pirated the ebook - at least that is what i can tell with my seat near the back of the class
I wish I was as certain about anything, as he is about everything.
Damn the block is hot. My neighbor just hit me with the "I wanna kick it with you as long as T Money isn't anywhere." Lol got to love it
Agreed, it seemed that the rain brought out more people that we even anticipated. Best event of the year!
boats 'n hoes
Oddly enough, my wife brought home a pack of Shrinky Dinks just the other day. Not sure why.
Morning world!!!!!!!
thanks, I will!
jus got off work Bouta Go get Tatted : ))
RT : looking forward to setting up a Ladies night at & for lots of fun!
May Birthday Bash at Mastrella's The Imaginary Band will be celebrating by Rocking the House! May 21st! It's Lisa's Birthday! Let's Party!
in louisville, kentucky drinking bourbon, kentuck derby museum tomorrow
dude just shocked me...
i hope and can still see each other a lot.</3 i love them both!!(:
Today I pledged to #lightitupblue with and continue #rethinkingautism with
excited to see you, , From Indian Lakes, & tonight Coffee House in Madison!
Headed back to my house hung out wit my big sis all day yesterday n this mornin my spring break already fun cant wait til the summer
We are so happy Mr. Red will be in the parade!
he may be a tool, but he's our tool.
Lil Wayne - Prom Queen - 05:41 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
that came out really good!<U+2665>:D
Okay cool that's no problem!!! My Birthday is Saturday.
#HouseofRepresentatives votes down #Obama budget plan, 414 to 0.
GREAT WIN #PADRES! #HEADLEY WHAT A GAME
I'll tell you once more before I get up and go: Don't bring me down.
There's actually two ways to sort poker apps in AppData, so I'll give you the top 10 again, sorted by MAU (monthly active users)
Thanks for the #FF love!
. If the NCAA loses its billions, what happens to all the other sports that can't sustain themselves?
Ladies please take care of yourself :) Sincerly- every guy in the world
If u need me, i want you to call me..-Solomon Burke
Woke up this morning wondering what happened to all the people that said they would be here.
One more day til I have finished this damn training and am a certified lead estimator... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> cha Ching
Once you hear that Palpatine started out as application support, you appreciate the fact that things should've been much worse
Man, reconciling receipts is no cup of tea. Bah.
texting - limit number of texts and times/places texting may be done. ck ur provider for a text limit cut off--not paid overage charge
. * fake handshake* *run hand through hair* ( to me)
he hung up on me. I hope he's okay, but I'm a #sundaylibrarian NOT a doctor!
Officially back in Reno :)
We have breakfast all day, is that music to your ears?
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. Anton Chekhov
glad you clarified!!
Sounds like an amazing weekend!
I like it!
Okay, let's say the "Woodstock" project *is* real and it replaces Zune + Zune Pass' unlimited music subscription service. So what?
jordan taylor speaking now. rob wilson and taylor present bo with the game ball from today. badgers 11-0 on senior day under bo
RT : Change the Way you Look at Things and the Things you Look at Change. ~Wayne Dyer
I hope austin dosent see that stupid trend. Let him live his dream don't try to make him feel bad for leaving.
haha well you gotta get on that then!
First day of classes
I'm glad people understand that private or not your information can still be found. It's not just
We Can install Photoshop extended Cs6 , for 80 . This is not spam , if it don't work we don't charge
Only a 2 hour first half for the Giants. Love how New York games are always drawn out to extend the ratings.
I'm a model..
Same guy hits on me every time i go into zumiez........dude your 20.
Discussing walking volunteers up the ladder of engagement.
- Will there be an app this year? > Yes, an app will be coming out about a week or so before the show.
cant sleep
Steve Earle is AWFUL in The Wire. Stick to making bad music, dude.
Keep One Eye On Your "Blind Spot" Before Your Enemy Take You By Surprise.
Hi Mary. Welcome.
The audience doesn't like reality musicals where even though it is true, the heroine dies.
Forgot it until last week, a friend was wearing all white bc she "can't" after Labor Day. I laughed so hard.
Jayz makes P.Diddy look poor RT : They arguing who richer Jay-Z or P.Diddy?
Apparently I'm not the only 1 interested in salsa fiesta!
At doctors office what will he find this time
can't ask for anything better
Thank you for the #FF!
I want my hair to be down to my butt.
I seriously can't be in the same room as my computer or I will never get anything done. Now the problem is that I have a phone...
When I look at the Gospel, I see how it is speaking to me at this time. I see how to be to others and it helps.
I dont want to see #Kardashians on my TV, computer, at the check out line! ANYMORE! Someone please tell me WTF they contribute to society!
Am I an uber-geek if I think LinkedIn discussions on 'death of the hyphen' are fascinating? Probably so but I'll own it!
they won't! “: Don't care if people mock me, but there's some darn good basketball being played down at these days.9-0”
Any other nerds on Pottermore? If so, DM so and I'll send you my usernme so we can be nerd friends!
they certainly are !
Who are YOU going to help go RISING STAR?? Let's Crush it! How many can YOU help cross the finish line???
But seriously though, If you don't watch The Weiner Circle, you're lame and live under a rock...
I loved it! So wondering how they'll do next season.
The most depressing moment in life when you lost track of time and miss austream</3
:)! You do the same! : Thank you so much! Right back at you! Have a beautiful weekend!
Hey TAAP fans! What gets you going in the morning - music, working out, coffee?
I LOVE YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME. I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY LIFE. <3
i texted you the other day totes forgot u didn't have a phone. sort it out!
that's a tongue twister. New is good, we should do something new. 2012. Ok.
Head feet chest hands stomach
there's no need to encourage that! It happens on its own. :P
Here we go - more heat - at least in the east county...sunny & 70s coastal, but 90s to near 100 valleys and muggy in the mountains.
The Modern Family Disneyland Episode is on
Not sure, but that is a serious sling!!
thanks for the out!
I'm glad our dsl is on the slow side. I don't think I could keep up with this with all this nonsense at full speed.
Thanks so much for the love :)!!
A2 #sbchat follow up: offer unrenewed season tix holders personalized jerseys if they renew w/i next 72 hours.
The only thing keeping me from driving off this bridge is the insurance rate increase if I survive
#CinNoir I'd like to hear you interview Amandla Stenberg on your podcast. #suggestion /
Their face or upper chest. Proper treatment of underlying disease may results in regression of these angiomas. .keloidsurvey.com
did u move to Minneapolis?
good to chat with you today! Wish you the best and remember anything at all to help just ask!
Looking to spread #holiday cheer? Donate to and support local empowerment efforts! Click donate at extrememoms.org home pg
Free nation banks on voluntary compliance with law. Not enuf jails. GOVT can rarely proscribe conduct that masses crave
Staying in and reading because I'm broke and nerdy. But mostly, lazy.
Vh1 party here we go with my frendly wifey
mi like how u dash mi weh
Did you see that the Hoedown Is no longer free this year and will be held on the CoPa grounds?
welcome to twitter!!
Rondo cant be stopped!!!
No bourbon! No mint! No horse pick! It's criminal!
— Dad, the price of alcohol is increasing... does it mean that you'll drink less? — No, it means that YOU will eat less!
I updated my blog probably for the last time. The journey is complete. The link is in my profile.
well i g2g now Love you my wounderfull daughter's and
I'm good sweetheart(: & I'm glad ur doing good *:
Monday morning soundtrack - Miles Davis "Live-Evil." Bring it!!
Probably the dumbest article I have ever read, Common
what do those taste like?
Much love to for always being so darn good to look at.
"Pain is just weakness leaving the body". Thanks Coach
Dude like no joke!! I feel like dat too!! X( life is hell
can u get me some to ?
can I get a feel better please
haha. Got the message. I don't wanna talk to him unless I have a cigarette
aye did yu really sign ?
conversations i love to expect and eavesdrop on at coffee shops: business deals, politics, and religion
I don't worry about giving my family what they need.
follow me backk?(:
Kenny Chesney tickets printed and cowboy hat dusted off. Now what to wear?
I'm in a bakery right now and they were just playing WMYB. #ironic? I think not.
I love that Nanna is teaching the kids how to doorbell ditch lol
yeah just give me a few. How late will you be up?
Yes the timeout ended up being stupid. But you'd rather turn the ball over on a 5-sec call?
If the pill from limitless was real , it would be in the liquid form we call 5hr energy drink .
Somedays I don't wanna hear a peep out of absolutely anybody
The Seattle Seahawks just picked Wisconsin quarterback Russell Wilson in the third round of the NFL Draft.
London is baking - enjoyable to sit in Hyde Park eating lunch, watching the passing parade...may check out the new #Google store
If McCarthy has an eye on my fantasy football team, he'll call James Starks' number here.
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Hard not to feel nostalgic walking on 23rd Street and seeing the Orion Diner instead of Cosmos.
Going to sleep no texts no calls :/
Like, they're using jingoism to express something else that I don't quite get.
In some ways, I envy my friends who don't know what's going to happen.
I WANNA GET BACK GET BACK WITH YOU
To put it rather bluntly,I am not the type who wants to go back to the land;I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel. Fran Lebowitz
fat, a person has to burn
Hello there ms. Themay
Well, so much for the beautiful weather. That didn't last long.
6 million people in the US play 10 rounds of golf or more a year. Cost and time consuming are biggest deterrents
When they constantly yap, you're doing something right.
umm...we should write music together...not you Josh...
C R A P. this day sucks all around!
oh wow meant where in Texas?
Likewise! RT : I'll be at the #HL7WGM, keep us posted...
Cant you just..go away?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 76
Packing my stuff with apple green boxes. A nice #ecofriendly alternative to cardboard.
Thanks Christina! Congrats on your wedding too!! :) looked completely awesome.
This weekend - Cards v Pirates. All out on the table!
Thanks for the kind words!
hahaha he said that on NFL Live and I was like did he really just say that?
Storms actually terrify me
Unique apartments off the 805 & 163 freeways has openings for two bed room apartments. Amazing customer service. Call 858.279.7410
COMMENT A <U+2665> If you Love Austin(: Lets See How Many We Can Get. stolen from (: Austin Mahone Is Amazing
the things we do as teenagers to cover up all our shit.
Feel free to email - we can talk more about your requirements there. Thanks!
I've lost all the motivation to tweet.
good morning and have a wonderful day
maybe its his ghost trying to talk to you
Tossing and turning not really getting a good amount of sleep right now :/i need to do something different.
Try to forget you play for the Ravens 4 a sec. Who do u think will win the series(or tie) between them and the Steelers?
#ColeHart just released the #Street #Advocate on #Amazon for 99 cents. #UrbanFiction #Atlanta #Augusta #youths in
buying tickets online for the laker's next home game for me and #oomf <3
Magic is an emotional experience, not a scientific operation. --S.H.Sharpe
1 word texts to me mean: 1. you don't care or 2. I did something wrong.
Wishing you and those you love all the good fortunes of life, health, happiness and peace throughout the New Year!...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope u have a AMAZING day!!!!
i just blew your shit up, how does that make you feel :D
Indianas liquor laws really put a damper on my
Ok, I'm celebrating! Did you get your new glasses yet?
Thats good :D
I just heard the weirdest version of bennie and the jets a minute ago
Now selling our autographed book 'Within the Power of Universal Mind' direct from our site! www.sparrowkane.com Check it out!
THANK YOU again, to TMobile for Ashleigh's SURPRISE check for behind the scenes video! Curious to see how residuals will be! #Happy4Ash!
I'm about to take. Nap
My iTunes shuffle just jumped from 20s musical Sitting Pretty to Glenn Danzig. Not many can claim that, I'm guessing.
RT : Phillip's finally home!! yay!!!
My idea to improve free throw shooting: For each free throw missed in a game, players shoot 100 after practice. Worked for me!
thats how its done
#TraderJoes' dark choc candy bar w/ caramel and black sea salt... stop. I just ate the whole thing. Oops
Please #MLB....please don't have the 2013 All-Star at Citi-Field!! The stadium doesn't deserve it! Niether does it shit fan-base
ahahahahahahah!! Your dads hot as fuuuuuck.
Yankees down only 5 runs. We can make a come back.
Global Ireland Football Tournament match-up: Loyola (IL) vs. Dallas Jesuit (TX) on August 31st. #HSFB via
41% of B2B marketers say producing the kind of content that engages prospects & customers is their biggest content marketing challenge.
my is good. You?
well then I guess I'm goona die. Because I'm not goona stop. Don't rain on my parade! Let's go rangers!
That is verifiably the cutest baby ever. Didn't need Jimmy Fallon to say so!
Pietrus has the drive after the pump fake, but elects for the one-dribble, step-back three...okay then.
it was good =)
OK enough with the zombie bullish*t.
Expedia Shares Fly On Stronger Hotel Bookings - Forbes
To whom it may concern: my phone is outta comission at the moment. Will get back with you when i return.
Do you have any water..?(;
I destroy the ignorance-born darkness by the shining lamp of wisdom. -The Bhagavad Gita
Seriously? I wonder what debts are included for imprisonment?
Well fair elections in Iran may be a safer bet than 6-3 on this road trip, oh the Audacity of Hope!
Like in the economy starting to grow again. It was part of their investor cheer leading effort.
The Auto Defiance is led by enigmatic songwriter Bradley Boyer. Text getautodef to 88704 to check them out.
I have a lot to catch up on
Too funny! RT : Sanders just said "Rount Mushmore." Twice.
lots of mining jobs for geologists around, so I might come back! Never know. Thanks man!
Thank you! :)
The drowning man is not troubled by rain. - Persian Proverb
Don't trash the Nati, guys.
what's good yea I produce for
Note: TBS follows Pretty Woman w The Wedding Date, eliminating liabilty for gender stereotypes perhaps mentioned/assumed by
i wanna see Eminem lovers ?
Was skeptical of MOOCs until someone taking a class at Udacity walked me thru. Very impressive. I wonder, can it work in areas outside of CS
Oh do try it for at least 30 days- you'll never go back if you do it right! Unexpected health benefits will motivate you
yea im 15 yeah im from baltimore why
Links seem to be working fine, did you try copy & pasting the URL?
Whitney Houston left her fortune to daughter
is hi-larious! "The thing about yourself that you're trying to fix is the only thing I like about you."
Yes I'm eating and drinking my way into 42. 36 more to go!
Quick #FollowFridays before I leave the office! #ff (thanks for the link!)
Proves, once again, that LeBron is not a closer. Let's remove him from the list! LeBron is definition of oversell/under deliver.
Best damn ass licker you ever knew nigga
Makanna is kinda great:)
Tis the season to be screamed at by dozens of drunk singing Santa Clauses in the Metro.
Look down and see leg bleeding, automatically assume you're a woman now
We have w/us new #book feat. Interviews, fotos w/Angela Davis, Stokely Carmichel & more
this summer stuff will change I hope
These are just weird almost spammy DMs of people Ive already followed without validating before. Just strtd & happens more & more
The Facebook page calling Erin McHardie Greedy has now been taken down. They cited the outcome of the situation as the reason.
I dont think she understands how much I truly like her & honestly I doubt she ever will want to know or care,
Happy Valentine's Day everyone. And to Matt Harris, I'm so lucky to be in love with you. <3
Great feedback for "Why I Love America; part I, Mugg's Movers" from the IAWTV panel at BlogWorld. Thank you! :-D
looking good bro
Philly only made the B's look good for half the series. Game 2 was a nail-biter and game 4 was inflated by the empty netters.
okay is your job still hiring?
Stairs are my mortal enemy this morning. No more lunges. Not now, not ever.
Damn! Choooo smoked that for a double
I tried to reply to you but you gotta follow me for DM :/ ttys
Looking for Network Engineers today..
Wait . No one talking bout you tho . Calm your fucking balls .
I was a tad disappointed
Joffrey...still a dick
just read a great blog by Susan Taylor on blogonsisters.com, "Happiness is a Choice." bottom line ..happiness starts with you
Thanks! Super stoked!
Just ordered my Understanding What We've Grown To Be shirt. :3
...And four fingers of whisky thanks to
I broke my screen on my iPhone but I will be ordering a new one in the next couple days
Is it just me or has it been a crazy news day in our Phoenix area neighborhoods? Scottsdale, Gilbert, Phoenix all had breaking news today.
Mode of the Day! A Melodic Minor from the 4th degree is called a Lydian b7 Mode. Use over non-diatonic Dom 7 Chords in a progression! Sick!
Can you confirm that Lin rumor or is pulling our leg?
lol i made it too easy huh?
new Madonna single sounds like a damn bonus track from American Life.
totally man pisses me off
Yes. Definitely. Always. RT Thanks also to for the much needed advice. Probably best to bring in the experts next time?
thanks bro
Day 2 at #YAL national convention.
I agree.
I'd prefer to wear my uniform to school then dress down......
Which one? NorthHollywood one?
I missed it! :-( he so good at those. How was it? Whadya think?
yea because Calipari is the only one who has one n dones
well I hate Jim Nantz so I guess I understand lol
Outside my window are lots of birds chanting their call. Makes me think of Alfred Hitchock.
Try and get the little strawberry finches outside my house to take up residency to eliminate all stray moths. That or get a cat
Those who deny oligarchs exist, do so to deny their own duty as American citizens. They prefer to be subjects of wealth. A sad life indeed.
says, "Good demos portray your passion. Bad demos turn your audience against you."
I just talke to on the phone for two seconds :)
Some days I definitely feel smarter than others. This banner animation took me way to long to knock out & got complex fast.
can't decide if my fave member of one direction is the one with the pauly d hair or the mini julian casablancas
Coming up at 8:03 on the WCCO Radio. The latest on the Vikings Stadium, We'll hear from fans, and a renewed sense of hope at Faith's Lodge.
Good Friday!!!
ha I was walking!
thx new friend :)
when can i hear some of the new songs y'all did!?
im going to bed, hopefully all this drama gets straightened out tomarrow
thanks for the follow! geek on!
Thanks for all you do to support !
that's a long-ass day. Glad our team isn't a bunch of "sunshine patriots"
": HOLLO WAS HERE" now following u sir
Thank you for connecting
Fountain Hills Community Foundation Golf Fundraiser at Firerock Country Club this afternoon. Really Good people supporting our community.
thank you
The Raven was fucking amazing. I HIGHLY recommend it!
April Fools Day is the deadline for the London Fall Semester Application! Don't be a fool and miss out!
not sweatshirt weather anymore...
*squat queen
who are these impostors and what have they done with the Flyers and Penguins?
Cash game at the Bellagio going well..making up for last nights losses plus some..gna try a tourney at the Wynn tonight
RT ...Giants rule bulldogs drool. too tired to think. cheered too hard. need tempurpedic. dream of puppies. beat Packers. AMEN
I can be as loud as I want and if you don't like it I will make a scene
RT : bound to happen sometime
Your ears must have been burning!
I love a good Mongolian Lamb dish...but hard to find one I like here
you are seriously my favorite person on twitter.
Just looked a my bracket on - Looks like four Christmas Trees getting into a fight - Green and Red all over the place!
I think my mind just got raped by that lil wayne mountain dew commercial
Thank U
Sometimes absence makes the heart grow stabbier.
Did I read somewhere that you are going to be on a series for a few episodes?
thanks for the follow ladies! Rock On!!
chip,dip,lip,rip..cat reviews, all cats must pass room-cats aproval if they dont wanna be tossed out the window
. Picture books: Zen Shorts. Down by the Station (Hillenbrand). Where the Wild Things Are. Dozens more we read a million times.
When you get a team fulla winners...you can help but hold ya nutz! and the homie wit a lil WildChild =
I wish I could live free. I hope it's not beyond me. Settling down, it takes time.
Mfs will try to put you down so you can be on the same level they on.
Watching Kevin Hart i'm a grown little mand while is asleep on my couch
it really is, and that people have families they love that much. That's awesome too.
Probably Waxing Crescent Campground. I'm trying not to set off the motion sensors in the backyard as I look for meteors.
Thanks much for reading, Anna!
Wish we had a hockey team at AHS.
#budlightplatinum talk about polishing a turd...
p.s.- "Kidney Now!"? one of my favorite episodes.
Three more pieces to the speedy fire truck rebuild. Mat,floor and hood.
I am loving the weather, wish it would stay like this the rest of winter!!
so another lonely night.....
:) yes, when and where? I'm there! (yes I'm a poet, lol) : I'm your huckleberry!! Coffee soon?
I'm listening to #MumfordandSons and #AvettBrothers tonight. Perfect music for an overcast night in!
This was such a bad idea whoever told me to try the bus #takes way too long
I thought I'd hear the second performance of _Lust_ tonight, but instead heard the world premiere of my bluegrass song about civil war PTSD.
will update soon with some new Quick Whips but have to wait a little longer for Season 2.
I fell off the wagon yesterday. I ate one donut. But that's not so bad. The old me would have eaten 3 a day for the next 3 weeks.
Oh and if any one lives in the sarasota/bradenton area in florida and knows of someone who is giving kittens away, tweet me plz
Mad thoughts on what seems to be my future now time to take action it took some time but it didn't take forever <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Are you ready for the new year? Come in and stock up! We have what you need all in one stop! Open till 7 :)
“: You know it Devin :)”You should be updating your Instagram any minute lol Have a great day!
god morning alex (:
must give a shout out to the awesome spin classes that are being offered in downtown Tucson at O2 modern fitness!! ass-kicking goodness!
Monte & Brandons Flying Circus?
oh I am going to...I don't really know what to say here...insert witty remark
No library weed
so fuck ya'll and let me start on my own... k thanks bye
Did he just refer to Alex Gordon as George Brett?
lol why thank u my lady!
Should ads be priced higher in digital vs. print?
Any #Runners attending #dls15? Looking for a running buddy!
cheap memes? hmm. I believe that the word meme is now a tainted word. Tainted by a certain numerical chan type people…
I need to marry a man thats gonna rub my back until i fall asleep every night
I heard Rick Stansbury has a little dick
I mean they just skipped an entire train. Wtf is up with that?
B team rules! you guys suck!
Fill up before the big play off game. We're here til 7 and we've got a pulled pork with your name on it!
ooofff....gotta work
Practicing tripod in order to work up to crow pose. I will learn inversions if it kills me.
In fact some people do it every week.
Mazal Tov to Danny Rosenbaum, pitcher for the AA H'burg team, won Eastern Leagye Player of the Week.
I'm one blessed lady. Thankful. Make it a great day everyone!
are back!
aw congrats Ted. your a daddy now. :)
maybe you can see the angry bird launch off the space needle while you are here.
No score in the fourth. Cajuns still lead 2-0.
That's not as much fun as crashing it. I like living on the edge. I'm a loose cannon, a maverick.
Holy reverb, Batman
I followed the person
Appreciate you all bless and be productive ~~~~~~
A red eye develops when blood vessels on the surface of the eye become enlarged. Although mostly painless, it can be a sign of an emergency.
can u do tomorrow?
Don't ask me for 38¢ downtown when I'm headed to the club!!!!!
I didn't know you were going to be here. When you're done on stage tweet me. I want to say hello in person.
If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately...<U+2665>
*Temple Run jump into your TL* What up don't you just love mondays?!
Not so kewl... 20 #loratadine tabs for €5.44 at #German pharmacy (not sold elsewhere). Should have brought them along: 40 for $4 at
FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER
According to , the top influencers about Social Media are , , , and
Indeed. RT : While Zuck's me-so-street hoody-ism is tiresome, the 's obsession with same borders on the fetishistic.
I love vaginas
Consumers Focus On Healthful Foods : Convenience Store Decisions
TOMORROW Come cheer on walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ Google Places t-shirts! Stop by or stay all day (9-3pm)!
Oh ya know, just eatin' some animal crackers.
Fight frogs.
Me too. I rarely post there, and when I do, I have to watch everything I might say. :/
I love seeing parents blush about their kids! It's the most endearing thing to witness. Can't wait to do so myself one day! #LoveTheBabie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I the think he ordered the fight
Absolutely hilarious tweet.
You know what scares me? The President's unconstitutional executive orders and Congress's spending. Elect #gj2012 Live free!
In NYC for the Magnet Digital Summit...a one-day Web 2.0 survival guide for Magnet member agencies.
Kids at school totally hate me. I'm 100% "Not giving a fuck."
social playground fights are awesome to witness. Made my afternoon watching the two of you go at it.
Watching some bad 80s educational children's programs on
lol hm. Maybe not so jealous after hearing those soggy details ;)
Working on Creatively Green Harlem event in the community garden this Saturday.
bootcamp part two
Erica and this baby lol
If anyone gets a message from me saying to click on something please don't do it, like I did because im fucking stupid.
well I like shopping there and all bu no
Arnold & Porter & the Abramson Family Foundation support our community! Thanks for honoring our 15th year w/ your generous sponsorship.
I bought fattycakes a new bed yesterday afternoon and I had to force him to get up and eat his dinner tonight. I think its a success!
me and my friends are staying at a hotel, idk which one though. ahahaha, (:
Love when rizz calls me still drunk from last night. Today's gonna be home
Happy birthday! RT : Used my birthday coupon for a cheeseburger and fresh squeezed lemonade at lunch!
i am a dork, and sat in on class when my partner took it. He taught, I freeloaded.
These sort of issues really call into question my supposed and unrefined Libertarian viewpoints.
Team - make sure u work together for a common purpose. If one person fails, the whole team fails too. So choose your mates wisely!!
Change is a journey that begins within. A new pathway is awaiting your discovery.
mystery team for pujlous is philadelphia
I feel like today is a national day if mourning. Over the next few hrs, productivity in corporate america will drop to 0 for MJ's memorial.
tweet of the day. RT : Fireworks amendment is a dud.
lol, wow bro' then u had to tell me that then write mah number down, ima send it to u private.
I'm sorry to hear that Matt, I'll pray for you and your family
Today's Sick In Bed movie list: Nim's Island-Confessions Of A Shopaholic
Chas says he has innovative ideas
The tastiest #HappyHour in #Vegas returns to this Thursday w/ discounted cocktails, beers, wines & delish $7 small plates!
saturday! ill be gone all day sunday at the stupid car show at atlanta motor speedway with my babbbyy!
y'all are some immigrants lmao jk
He's gonna coach until he's 100!!!! it should be great for their Program though...
idk what's worse call me maybe on the radio or crashing
I love everything about the culture that offers as a sponsor
Let's go Arizona! #BearDown!
thanks so much Sue xoxo
Minus special teams ... #uwhuskies only up by 3...
Thank You tell your friends
You hide everything from me!!!<U+E416><U+E416><U+E40B>
Should be interesting to see how that article impacts the number of followers for those folks
Time to get buff, then back to writing.
im going too!
hey bro whats been up with u ??
Mike Bibby needs to stop
RT : There are times when all you can do is forgive. Some people have mental & emotional issues beyond your understanding or control
Absolutely! will be reaching out to you. Would love your feedback and thoughts!
Real friends can pick up where they left off no matter how things were left.
I would be interested in those! I have a "baby sprinkle" coming up for my sister-in-laws second baby.
omg I thought I just saw you in the hall at Carmel. I swear you have a look a like. Haha I miss you <33
When dudes talk to a million and one girls .... fucking #turnoff ewww!
I really hope ND wins tonight!!!
Good morning everyone! Still tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
yes, she played Tamera's bipolar sister
someone take me to go see the raven. i want to get my edgar allen poe swag on.
Your friend's outfit made me think of what might have heard while shopping at the Gap that year. But your mix is way more awesome.
hahaha yes hun yes u r trust me. Ur one of a few girls dat i know dat r pretty! :) n u to be the future Mrs.Alamia ;D
The series finale is tonight.
I WANT TO :( i need a job though before i go and i'd have to figure out about school
Hey, buying the app pack. Great stuff.
currently gearing up for my CD release. Get ready cause I'm commin' at ya.
I so love my beautiful brown skin!
I was just wondering if you followed me.
I may not be perfect but I truly know I'm a MASSiVE fan of Chris Brown!
drake shit go hard (hate sleeping alone)
Happy "Friday"!
Google is a symbiotic parasite, and we are happy hosts. #sxsw conversations w/
Thanks but I got it... I'll get around to it.
thanks for playing OKC. Too bad they stuck you out in the fucking hood - you were in the middle of a shit-hole.
Word. RT : People who don't use cruise control are the dumbest highway drivers on planet earth.
My cat is letting me play with her ears.
yes hurry! Cheese!
Thanks sweetie
I am a Lebron fan, not a Heat fan. That said, I'm loving the Pacers' scrappy-ness so far. Didn't expect that in this series.
Thanks, friendies! Happy birthday, Jenna! Hoping to come up there in April to see your pretty faces. <3
Was at a cool BECAUSE Meeting, to check out if they are coming to Chicago in 2016! Stay-tuned.
Sonuva! Aaron Rodgers better stop scoring points.
it's not 11:11 but can you make my wish come true and follow me please, you mean everything<3
Live, Laugh, Love. If that doesn't work, Raise, Aim and Fire.
Seeking # Report Analyst with Business Objects & EPIC# experience in Health Care Industry. Please contact
But let me ask you this... Where you goin baby?
hellz yeah! Yew know it!
fuck everything is just going slow for me
We sang again tonight to accept the trophy.
okay...the lakers playing tougher. lol
Ever notice how life sometimes feels like a crazy ride at a fair? Please stay seated and enjoy the ups and downs.
I never lose hope. That's why they invented credit cards.
these niggas really don't care out here!
Very GQ...I can only imagine what was left on the cutting room floor.
Pleased to announce the last minute additions of and Craig Ramsey to Cellar Door Records Volume I out March 18.
Justin Drew Bieber Mallette follow me please :D
You are amazing! Don't be!! ;-)
Just heard that Ray J & Bobby Brown will be fighting on the Mayweather vs Cotto undercard.
Tune into in 10 minutes to watch our fearless leader, Michelle, talk all things #LiveWellProject!
Thanks so much for the RT, Jon!
"Smooth jazz is jazz with the fangs and innovation forcibly removed. Thus, it is jazz, but not jazz at the same time. Schrödinger's Jazz."
We received a wonderful review from www.iphonejd.com, Legal Tech Blogger Jeff Richardson of law firm of Adams Reese, LLP, from New Orleans!
Just too funny, if you need at laugh check out
At brunch, discussed with cousins what we would have done differently if started college all over again. What would you change?
LOOOOOOOOOOL I KNEW IT
Thanks for the RT! Photoshop rocks! I'll keep my eye out for other cool Photoshop tips and tricks.
he found a friend today to sit with at lunch. All is well with the world.
Y is lady qaqa a man??
Thank you so much for following We Are Bitter Sober on Twitter!
tittyboi is the worst
well that sucks!!
Oh my god I just got severe nostalgia can we please get Jordan/Andrew or something and cover Because I'm Awesome for argusfilks.
Countdown: 4 days. The first match will begin at 12 p.m. CT, field location is along the Milwaukee lakefront! Lets go Warriors!
Had that #beer when I was in #seattle a couple of months ago...... I think it took the cake.
In jungle. Everyone going to sleep. Danced with the princess of the tribe today. My son will be impressed.
On my way home to #palm_beach to meet with constituents! Thanks to all of my followers - I appreciate the support!
Just saw a preview for Hatfields and McCoys on History. Kevin Costner and Bill Paxton. Looked awesome.
Not beat per se, but close to conquering all the triple combos!! Loved having unlimited turns. :)
:) RT : Back in the Day Cafe: Now Playing: B.B.D: Poison
Braun really let the team down on that one...
sayin 'you know' between every other word.
<3 thank you!
end of the semester. when you have more things to do than time permits. bye bye sleep.
We don’t know how you gauge these things, but it feels like a hot chocolate kind of afternoon to us.
I'm so full to bed I go!!
haha miss you too!
Mad men!
What go on Mingle Mixx?!
This differs from other Nic Cage performances how?
Time for some Hip Hop abs!! Work it out!
Yes, so I might be a little biased. ;)
I may have just eaten a lot of ants. I just puked.
Finding your way back to someone is such a great thing :)
i miss
Deshawn thinks he's funny ...
We've moved twice for partner, twice for me, once for both. All for ed/career. +
I love allergy season!
It's almost April and officially Spring! RT if you're having a great Friday!
I honesty love
WHAT DO I DO WITH MY LIFE?
that nigga is a ROCK.
Press gagged at &#39;new media&#39; seminar
Sitting in a teacher eval system webinar. The backchannel is silent. I find this to be disconcerting. Only Q - will slides B availbl
you can always cheat or move to Utah
you rock!!! So psyched for you!!
.....But I'd give anything to hear him laugh again or call me his sunshine peach
#thatawkwardmoment when your hairdresser sees your tweets about her. Did I mention she's wearing leather pants?
Thank you to all of the wonderful sponsors and attendees for making this year's parade a huge success! We couldn't have done it without you!
planet fitness why?
I c it
nice nice.. Yeahh once I order the couches I want..can start having friends come out
Ship sinking I'm clinging on leonardo dicaprio
Gm HAPPY MOTHERS DAYY
You in town?
Oh yes ;) this is the truth
The weed is my girl
A whole day & barely a full sentence from u :"( im trying my best but im starting to think ur not interested, wish I was a video game
I'll tweet at you when we get there.
You can always email Alaina (Lanie) Bird the editor-in-chief with story ideas/questions/concerns.
I officially have an attitude
Hunger Games was awesome!!!!!
he seems to be good at alienating voters, that's for sure
i wonder if greyson see's what we write on here??
Did you watch Frontline special? I have seen it a few times, really well done?
if you aren't looking deeper into the awkwardly phrased sentences, you don't see hidden words. Only language does this constantly...
Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Then stretch some more.
HAHAHAHAHAH LOL I AM STILL LAUGHING ABOUT THAT BUT my sister says what does that mean GOSH idk
That great defensive play ruined by a bad 3
love sips<3
After a good workout, there's nothing better than some good watermelon! Now if only it felt like summer...
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. George Burns
Happy birthday Darrick Gibbs!
Over 450 views on #TornOutPages-no longer at my lucky number of 84 followers, but soon.
yo smile so cute and sexy babee <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
We always welcome visiting teams' coaches and players! Thanks for dining with us Sam Cassel, Washington Wizards coach and NBA star! :)
Yes !!!!!! RT : Living in the past will fuck up your future..
Thanks all who watched me on #CriminalMinds and/or #HarrysLaw on Wed. night! And if you missed Harry's, both of my episodes reair this Sat!
I had to miss the Sadie Hawkins dance because of this stupid baby!! I am so fucking tired now!
You can say what you want about us, but you can never call us lazy
The guy was telling me a/ the AZ immigration law coming to CO. I asked him who was drafting the bill and he didn't know.
A year ago today I took the leap of faith and moved to Los Angeles :) Happy anniversary to me!
"What I love most about rivers is you can't step in the same riv...AH!" ::glub glub glub::
So many great rocks bands out there right now! It all comes down to business!
Follow us and we'll follow you back! Tell your friends!
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and...
a very happy B Day to you. Urijah dancing to that song was funny.
can't DM you unless you are following me. My email is . Love to answer any questions you may have.
I can't tomorrow but am going Friday after work!
it ended last week.
Without people like Jesse Fullerton, we wouldn't be here! How can we thank you enough!?!! Please know how much yr contribution means to us.
You'll never know what true happiness feels like until you fall in love & you'll never understand what pain really is, until u lose it.
Unconfirmed, but I think won the office pool! She guessed 10 p.m. Sunday. cc/
PLEASE TWEET ME BACK DO YOU NOT NOTICE ME?:'(
thanks for It's a great resource.
#ideas2action fenty's hope was not to create DC schools as excellent system but a system of excellent schools.
Happy Birthday!
I ran/walked to Yamato and walked back. 5.66 miles. How many K is that? That's a lot of K.
RIP Gary Coleman I will always be a fan!
it sounded like.. err... um. Nothing. I am terrible. For not coming to your fiesta.
I know! I'm just kicking it at home with a baby. Sorry I didn't make it to LSM. Next time!
I would LOVE to have some of your cookies!! Are the chocolate chip or peanut butter? lol =)
Lena Horne having an ambitious mother striving for her to succeed landed a gig in the chorus line of the Famous Harlem Cotton Club when...
that video is fucking hilarious bro! Thanks for sharing it.
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
Of course we do darling, where else? Come visit us so you can be spotted; all the SuperStars like you flock to Gay West Hollywood.
Whew! So my cats are not deformed after all?!?!
Thanks for the RTs & Mentions:
$1 OFF any dinner or combo meal or get 10 FREE shrimp w/ dinner at Hip Hop Fish and Chicken #WeDaBest. Only w/ a
If your weird and you know it clap your hands! ( laura claps hands)
Back to doing a little Weby Work. Installing Redmine on SLES 11 Sp1 for VMware. I want to play with the KB & Chat plugins.
man don't remind me, all the untranslatable text in pics!
Learn how to apply makeup for sexy vampire Halloween costumes in this free adult Halloween costume video
I want to know what the heck my dog dreams about
Thank you for moving Wisconsin Forward!
Try RT (Russia Today) they have a youtube channel & they are a pretty unbias news source if you're interested
This afternoon! You're on my to-do list. Well I just lobbed that joke over the plate, huh?
Couldn't agree more!
#Lean wit it
Yea bubble guts aren't that cute lol but yes #prunejuice RT : that juice has me feeling nice I'm telling you.
Morning Rockstars! > To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb is: "Leave no stone unturned." - Edward Bulwer Lytton
I'm doing it wrong...in the bleachers at Chief Sealth HS watching soccer. Your plan sounds a lot warmer!
you thirsty niggers
A 4 p.m. fire alarm and 15 beautiful minutes outside is going to make the last half hour of today seem longer, isn't it?
It'll be interesting to see who the Big East hires as the new commish. I wonder how basketball leaning he/she will be
that mark twain was full of crap. did you know that wasn't even his real name?!
#Brewer's broadcaster said that he has never seen #Fielder not run out a routine ground ball in the five years he has covered him. #Like!
Fucking crushed spin class this am. I showed those middle aged bitches what's up!
HEB: 'Its like a convenient store, only bigger.'
I want a huge hammock on sand. On a beach
Youth Invasion is a very apt title for the fest happening at work tonight. In case you were wondering, high school girls are still mean.
Starbucks? I think yes!
if u simply tell the truth, you have nothing to worry about..
We will swiftly and vigorously investigate you, sue you, and have you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Was just in a fender bender. People okay, waiting for police. Prayers welcome.
Whoo hoooo #CLIPPERS!!! RT : great team win to close out the series, on to round 2...i will be better!
Please have any interested people shoot us an email at . Thanks!
Classes start up again tomorrow ggggrrrrr -.-
Sandalwood incense 1, cat littler box 0.
Prince William County funds study of Rural Crescent. Is it wise fiscal and conservation planning, or a land grab?
A perspiring but smiling Travaglini sat directly behind reporters in the courtroom, trading niceties as he prepared to observe.
Hanging out with at the author table. He's a popular man.
Just arrived to Center City, Philly!!!
S/o to u too, love RT : S/o to my new follower
I wonder if that includes grocery shopping. Because I spend a lot of time at the grocery store.
Your Actions=Your Reputation. -
Wow! Hahah Then sign me up....lol
Cleaning up my Facebook. Tired of hearing about ppls lives that I care nothing about
That's a bad thing? Sounds like fun.
I am really behind here thanks to my fussy son lol BUT Gwenyth Paltrow looked so beautiful! Natalie Portman top of dress is too big.
yah it is a girl code my ex best friend broke it n she broke other too....tat bitch!!!•_•
Actually I just didn't remove your typo ... welcome to my world. I always forget that pesky proofreading step :)
Well said! Going to retweet! Perhaps you'll find interest in our prayer app www.birdofprayer.org
This is the longest graduation of my life.
i didn't think any one could sing , dance , act and be amazingly beautiful at the same time but Ariana Grande has done it!!
...so glad I wasn't 16 and pregnant, I'm even more glad that I'm not 27 and pregnant #whatwouldidowithababy?
three weeks? Usually 10 minutes! This is just a very odd year.
Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Events (Albuq_events)! :)
Played Flotilla from Blendo Games tonight. I had a craving for tactical space battles with Rastafarian cats and pirate penguins.
Anyone have an extra iPhone 3GS case?
t-shirt designs coming soon!
The waaaiiiting is the hardest part...
1st They Love Me Then They Hate Me Then They Love Me Again # Love Me Again
We have a monster on our hands
Bitch, I'm the gingerbread man.
Re: TMQ stats on those tiny CBs being drafted in last 3 years...having 246lb running QB woulda paid off soon
Oh man, that sucks on many levels! Poor Ruca. And poor $300-poorer Kate!!!
- Did you try the pizza? Or maybe a lot of sit-ups & jumping jacks? Or taco truck food....that usually clears me out.
Join Swingfest at Sunday July 10, 20111 at ROUGE Miam for a CLASSIC BURLESQUE SPECIAL PERFORMANCE BY INTERNATIONAL STAR MISS DAKOTA
Men and women who do an hour of cardio per day for an entire year only lose 4-6 pounds on average. Make sure to strength train!
Thanks to our new followers
Even more than Clamato?! (Perfectly adorable and awesome this is.)
Most people get excited by watching others live their dream rather than creating their own.
The dude's a g, no doubt
luckily, I haven't had the 'wonderful' opportunity to do that yet!
I had a great time at the Network After Work event at Proof last night. I met some wonderful people!
looks good
I guess i always spend my time in thinking will follow me back Iguess ill just act like i dnt care:(
Mr. August!!! How the hell are you?!
Lookout #DPP! we are gettin' back into twitter! We need more followers, so re-tweet!
I can agree. People who actually play hockey can understand certain plays. I get it all explained by my husband and his friends.
I'm so seasoned, I could choke the winter outta the summer.
This Wednesday at Veranda NYC, 2 DJs we work with will be spinning. Make sure to check out NYC loved and DJ Supra!
Literally fire your boss! follow my videos!
well I know you have a big week next week in MI....a lot of pressure I'm sure....#Tigers game is always a good release!
zak :) <3 i lovvveee ghost adventures .. And your my favorite :) love u :p xoxoxoxox
Common decency dictates, eliminate medicaid,and replace our dysfunctional financing system with a system that allows medical access to all.
G.M.N.I.: Back home from the Breast Cancer Walk. It was quite refreshing. Now, to chill. #Winnin'
That Steve guy really knows his stuff.
We'll never know, will we?
Intoxicate me now with your loving now
Attention music pros: Does anyone know of a mp3 player that can stream music from a website AND play over mobile devices such as iPhone???
we'll pelt her with NON organic tomatos! but i HAVE to see !!!
I couldn't agree more! *gigglecrysnort*
thanks for coming in - 1/2 price burger night rocks!! Worth the walk, right??
Google Vice: a new drugs and alcohol service from Google. (beta)
: Couldn't agree more!
"He who walks in integrity, walks securely." - Proverbs 10:9
Lol I was referring to your tweet
Thanks! :) RT : The are by far one of the best, coolest communities of fans in the country. Period.
the social media marketing manager and the web comms exec director in my dept are going. pm me if you'd like to hook up with 'em.
yeah, they are a little better than the forehead (Anthony) and the braids (Turiaf)
Aye #dreamchasers2 was ok. First one was better! I still got my money on He saving that #HEAT for #dreamsandnightmares AUG. 28!
Hey Tweeps! Who wants to have a Twinco de Mayo party with me? What is your favorite way to celebrate?
seriously? There is only one word to describe you right now: trippin
Am I about to deliver my last #libraryschool presentation for all time? Yes, yes I am.
It looks like Colbra brought his dog to the mound.
Not knowing is frustrating and depressing but it is still better than getting positively bad news as there is still a hope.
Why does it look like he's standing in some suburbanite's front yard?
Looking for a job? Sign up for my free 'Smart Job Search' course starting on Monday twurl.nl/j1wzfp
HOPE that's the case, but not sure. Houston: heavy clouds, high, miserable, #badhairday humidity, Not a drop of rain. :(
Ah um ah um
You are so right, I'm just waiting on those new possibilities to come, and how are you
hi! Thank u so much for the birthday card. That was so thoughtful! Hope 2 c u soon!
Just went to see Battleship. Pretty decent movie. Kind of a cliff hanger, but still a decent movie.
No crap. I cant wait for training camp. The draft kills me. I love it but once its over i find myself hungry for football.
omg i know..if i find an answer key i'll send it to you :)
Yes! A 5 game suspension is not enough! He will barely miss a start. He could have really hurt that boy! 20 games--4 starts!
Just checked out 's new place. We're def having a party there soon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
I'm talking about RACE too re: our experiments w/online chats. :P
Acting like your on your phone during a scary part in a movie while with company ;)
haha thank ya brother we still in the mix w nerlens Noel and Anthony Bennett among others! We will reload lol
A little patience with a touch of humility will take you a long way in this journey called life.
If you could see one article from #skcreports what would it be? I'd love to write some requests this weekend if anyone has them!
LOL yeah I was like "yew? me? huh?" lol bby <3 I'm going on tcoc tonight
The band metric is really good...
is adorable(:
Butchering people in arguments >>>>>>
#corona do you need to short sale
Goodnight everyone :)
Congratulations, guy!
Relish today. Catchup tomorrow.
Caught the first #worldcupfinal goal on Twitter, the 2nd on the radio, and the 3rd on TV. Now all I need is the telegraph.
No more Madrid!
i dont feel like it tonight.not really in the mood
Agreed! see you there!
oh lawd boy you better get on it.
Just laid drums for my lunatics remix! My ears are still ringing!!! Serious boom!
RT - A pyrotechnician should know how fireworks.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes
Who is coming to the Hubbs Children's Literature Conference on Saturday? Can't wait to hear and Christopher Paul Curtis!
Dude is playing the piano and singing on the concourse in the airport. Wow! Alrighty then. Supposed to be a piano bar, I guess....
Cheers mate. Like ur new avi
| You should contact to highlight your use of externs from Harrison College!
What is red tape?
#2012WishList I wish at least 13% of the phat ass chicks with ugly walks.....get their knees reset or at at least get corrective stilettos
(: I'm writting a speech :/
She took the lead but the pencil shame
Game 7 coming up soon!
I wish I could be there! Laugh double for me!
Likewise the best way for me is email during the day, I'll DM you the info.
it wasn't that it was decrease in my pay so I had to go to a higher paying job
i just saw the Call me Maybe video with you and the boys :) nice dance moves ;) #followme?
So... lost her iPhone tonight. And I found it. On the beach. Buried in the sand. In the dark!!!
Now that it has hit 90 in Phoenix I'm expecting the never ending photo's of pics of car thermometers on Facebook
NICE goal by Mike #Green!! 5 minutes left...let that one be the game winner.
But fate ordains that dearest friends must part.~ Edward Young
RT if your READY FOR SUMMER!!!
Light House - Wrightsville Beach Magazine
don't hate boo lol
“God is good all the time. He's there with you in good times and stays with you during your bad times.”
Book out May 19th
Trees are beautiful
#etech There's a vector of Chumbys in the etech commons
Interesting quote...that one will give me something to chew on today
Who's watching?
No way. You be the best. Haha! RT : subway be the best !
g'oumaface : Baltimore :: fuggedaboudit : New Jersey
Congrats to all that had Green Bay in the Superbowl. You can't win throwing interceptions. Still, overall, an entertaining game.
Wendy Kenney is challenging all of her PR "peeps" to meet or beat her donation of $50! 602-277-3003
I'm here
LOL ah but have you been promoted to their most likely to go to hell list.. Keep talking and you will join me there.
Another Saturday coaching at the ball fields. Softball at 9a and t-ball at 5pm.
Playin' Rayman Origins! Fun stuff..but super tricky.
tweeted about Cracker Barrel this morning and now I have a serious craving for some. Damn you!
Shrieking when hitting the ball in tennis has to be outlawed. It's cheating. Azarenka and Sharapova need to be stopped from doing it NOW
I'm just gonna start wearing a helmet to everywhere.... Cause ive decided I'm afraid of humans(and some animals) but mostly humans
yes we'll be open tomorrow! :)
This 40+ minute delay is not cool ...
SO RAD to take such a young band out...you guys are leveling up yet again..love it :) AND they ROCK!!
So true guys. <U+E233>
Cold water >>
Elvis hit a homerun..? Lol that never happens
En la escena wants to know, what country has the hottest beach bodies, send in your favorite lcations.
#AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her smile even when he's miserable.
i loved that game."Barça’s strike was one of collective ability."
We're number 98 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL. www.reverbnation.com/smitty
I don't have one. Not worth the continual data plan charges, in my opinion.
At the game
I miss talking on the phone.....sigh
Please give me luck to My exams.!!!
Dumbest movie I've ever seen in my life.
RT : An emotional Mariano Rivera told reporters he will stay with the Yankees on their road trip. "I want to be here for the guys."
About to go play poker! <U+2660><U+2665><U+2663><U+2666><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Sore throat and cold??
I think it's the layered tops that make the look :) Are you back yet??
Yes, indeed! You couldn't keep me away.
and, i just realized that i have all the letters necessary to spell "beowulf."
maybe going grocery shopping, cleaning and cooking our early Easter lunch in 4 hours time wasn't the greatest idea. I'm sleepy.......
COMING SOON! 3 NEW SOAPS - a Feng Shui-Earth/Shae Butter bar; a Jasmin-Patchouli/Mango Butter bar; and Orange Bergamot bar w/ oatmeal!
Facebook sets $28 to $35 price range for IPO
we're here for him and whenever we're sad he's here for us. Beliebers Turn To Justin
Followed sweetie(:
Headin' to camp.
that's only because you're not in the office.
MLB Breast Cancer awareness. Just like NFL, but in summer.
Who's that?"; "What are they doing?"; "What's happening?"; "Shut up and watch the movie"
": Ladies if he don't marry you after about 3 years... he's still waiting for the "right one" --- you're being strung along"
waiting for #springsteen to start
Monogamy is a contradiction in terms...
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.
Well I mispoke. #WMATA running but had an 18 minute wait.
Walking down the only road I've ever know-own
you are so analytical
I like Indiana.
omg. stop. you're killing me.
LOL Kyra...I'm so annoyed by this guy right now. Like...you DONT even know. He keeps prying and pushing me and crap. UGH.
Happy Birthday <U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328> <U+E310><U+E312> love you girl!
What's up by for non blondes followed by I just want to fly by sugar ray
on the side of ur bed
#BeautifulDay and perfect weather for car sales!
Nice to see you tweeting!
you know you had way to much to drink when you wake up in the morning still drunk. That's OK I will come back later, sincerely Yourhangover
nah, this thing's rusted up--it's very old, little more than an ornamental piece now.
but if she doesn't have a ticket she can't even get in. They are strict when it comes to sporting events.
Okay so my shoulder is killing me. My phone is about to die. And I just wanna get out of here and go to work.
I'm so HYPER at the moment, that I can barely sit still!! Eating CHOCOLATE was a BAD Idea!!!..lol :P
you mean LOVE
Marcia Griffiths getting a standing ovation she asked us to give her the flowers while she is here coz she cannot read her tomb stone.
This chicks been on more wieners than Heinz ketchup.
Things are pretty darn awesome. I've been living the artist's life, working and sleeping. How have you been?
Ugh. Thanks for the heads up!
Ready to do this!
Have a great day!
ikr like i think just cuz he tweets hi dont mean he deserves a billion RTs
Have you checked your syllabus lately? Now is a good time to get it back out and check what's expected of you in class!
Cute place.
RIP Clarence.
Did Baylor think they were going to be playing in the dark?
*thinking* he still ain't ready for it! ....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Smh ugh that's so
things will get better :c <3
Please welcome NiamhSlack54 to the Max life
CEO Kathleen Feely "We have to think about what new tech has to offer us and think about changing the paradigm."
Just got back from Funkshion Fashion event at the beautiful Setai Hotel on Miami Beach
2012 is gonna be bad ass. Just saying.,,
haha I was gonna say im not sure ure the right candidate to teach that
that pic (and this weather) makes me feel like I just took an Ambien. The two glasses of wine I just had may also be a factor
Hahaha LA just fell apart!!
Hi.my youtube is :michalelanasia .i've subbed 2 u and followed u please return :) and please pick me for the iphone4s giveaway .
Clybourn doesn't go through, so I don't think it'll be anywhere near that bad. Probably better than Diversey/Western/Elston.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE #BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO. IM HYPED UP ON #BIEBERFEVER(:
Me and both have weird people in our church class!! I thought I was the only one
Thanks for coming out! Great night w/ :) bedtime now! Xoxo
hopefully STL, missed y'all in Nashville / even though I live here, stupid work! lol
I’m mostly eating low-GI foods, but I didn’t give up my cup of morning coffee with skim milk and a little sugar
RT +1: The Reunion will be this Sat., June 18 from 2-5 p.m. at the Coventry Arch by the Library.
#Teenagerfacts We feel naked without our phone!
ok. That may not work for me. So another day. We will go over workout tho.
Guy on the Q33 bus in NYC has a very nice looking 80's style Afro
Home strrrrrreeeetch! I need to get my second wind back to stay up!
awesome job!! Loved this video :) :) :)
When you make running a habit, your muscles get toned, your joints become more flexible and your bones grow stronger!
Well done to the team from for completing the Lincoln 10k supporting
Video pitch: Schoolbus, travelling down highway, lots of informal teaching hijinx, but #rockstarteacher stares out window into sunset.
Stiles:thats my boy ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
fun fun, have u had ur sweet 16 yet?
he's terrible and incompetently biased
you is an evil bitch.
They making all these excuses for the heat just give credit to the pacers
ight got ya
LOL "I'd rather be the head of a mouse than the tail of the lion" - wisdom by
Fuck idk if I should ride out this weekend or not
I have klout about sweaters. What.
o that looks awesome what spot?
um neither have I.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>
/hug is the best I can do =)
IU/UK series ends. UK fans are indifferent. IU fans want to continue to try to turn around their 5-15 record against UK the past 20 seasons
“: I want to be the girl who makes the player quit his game.”
Doesn't look like anytime soon. It's a broken ankle for him said the other day it'll be awhile.
With the being the largest in the world, - I'm very proud to call #DC my home and #DCtech my community!
Hey we're hanging out in a tweetup with other water folks today! Check it out at
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips Always Listen To
Yeah and thats just for the party, I wanna go up town and mares & that! Weekend before T, this shall be interesting lol
Support the homie for the concert tomorrow..
"I offered her everything short of Zeus' lightning bolt."
I need to add some items to the lil tyke's wardrobe.
Sittin here starving
hmm :/ scary. We don't get them too much over here in Ariz. (knock on wood). Hope you're ok!
#iLoveMyMomBecause Mum* because she's my Mum. I couldn't live without her:')
Hello world and followers!!! Don't forget...tonight at 7pm. It's the Friday Night Beat #BoomBox with yours truly live in the mix.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!13
I don't know how many times I've tried to get you to notice me.
Should be doing homeowork, to tired from soccer.
Do you think either party is for the people, white or black, these days?
1/6/2011 Inbound Marketing: How to pull in customers without pushing ads MarketingSherpa
What does #oomf what from me?
the most beautifulest girl in the world....
i know man I miss den #NorthBrook episodes everyday was something new
#FF for career assistance
Haha. I know you better than that. We have to approve all use of funds with our better halves lol.
Hey, the phillies have won three in a row.
Boyd's not really gonna take that, is he?
Happy Ground Hog Day. If I see my shadow, can I go back to sleep for four more weeks?
If the world doesnt end on December 21st, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20th, 2013.
Dear Twitter: today I saw bad art at the armory, ate Turkish food and tried to convince people to go to rolf's because I was in midtown.
Look at the moon right this sec
Sorry about the delay - there are special meal plans for commuters, so they can't get the resident meal plans.
and I thank you for a fabulous LOBSTER filled lunch!!!
it is the best song omg ah :)
Should I be concerned that my old high school now teaches a "survival skills" course?
even then that's no guarantee
No, you failing is what's unacceptable... we gon fight -_-
OHH! Irina's Kitchen! Definite contender!
I have a FREE 12-week online subscription to to give away. Any takers?
61 years ago today #Yankees Rookie Mickey Mantle hits his 1st home run
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Looking sharp!
Vanilla Sky!
Haha!!!! U already know I had my pen and pad out. Man it was a great night dude... Heard yal did yal thing with Sam!
The #LinkedIn iPad app looks great! Well played, LinkedIn ... Well played
Thank You! Cant wait to get over to
What is Veer Unions signature song?
Planning two trips to the desert and the ocean with my boyfriend in late summer after lots of work and live music. Jams, sand, and my man.
USPS is D-U-M dumb. Tracked package is for some reason undeliverable, they are returning it to sender rather than holding it for me.
i finally get to see rise against on my birthday ABOUT DAMN TIME
Goodnight sleep tight
yeh i feel you thats the way to be no drama no naggers and no cheaters :)
I respect ur right to make money but respect the right of free speech
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
This dude so sugary
that's weird I get those too!!!
You live in LA, right? You should watch more movies. Out of everyone on the board, you have access to the most movies. !!
They must have had a ton of bad questions today.
What did the bee to the other bee in summer ?Swarm here isn't it !
What's good tonight newark
i feel you!!
You need to be there. You are so awesome. I think the guy follows me. Let me put in a good word for u. Anything for u, <3<3
It made me sad :( Especially bc they aren't set to open in new tab/browser. Back button gives error bc of form.
#e10_sess041 #educause10 digital puck awards. Love it!
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up." Galatians 6:9
This town is located at the confluence of Hoogh | tiffany511
We're down to eat and hope, but we save the running for the food. #Predators!
So awesome that he covered it.
Good morning, Ms. Moore.
Will we see Jesus comin as the sunshine fills the night. Or when we die will we fly into the light.
I like Zite. RT : Which do you prefer for browsing news on your iPhone: #Zite or #Flipboard?
Out w some of our fave restaurantiers! Fogo de Chao = great holiday menus! RE: Q1 Where are you spending Thanksgiving?
were riding horses this weekend
Time for Saturday am kickboxing
he gots jokes
Boston Celtics v New York Knicks today. Time to see what this Linsantiy is all about!!!
hahaha ok I don't wanna fight Ima lover not a fighter (; Haha n ur soo cocky Lmao ay well I try x)
Well attended. Couldn't get into one program but the alternative had good content and !
how you doing!
Oh and it's what I asked for, nobody else's fault. I haven't actually straightened it.. maybe that will help. okay, i'll stop LOL
Thanks for the RT
oh that'd be hysterical on BART...
Thanks, Valerie! And thank you for putting things in perspective. You're right, there will always be more Elvis mugs...
That #lt was suppose to say hard*
I know people are concerned with money and hopping on the AIRBNB train, but I recommend trying #travel Exchange w/o cash.
I need food! Who wants to get sushi?
i'm getting a new avatar. scarf only.
. Even more crazy-making, I have noisy neighbors who hire noisy contractors to do work when they're not home.
hi - Call the Parking Office at 973-353-1839 - if you're planning to go there in person, fyi the lines are long today!
Stuck behind a rolling road block on our way up north. Haven't even gotten out of Florida yet.
I swear trouble is following.
I cant get my angry bird gummies open D:
I think we're going to have to hide out at the mall from dinner through bedtime. I cannot sit in this 89 degree house for that long
#2nddrivingtip ALWAYS watch out for simis bc the might not see you.
Rt if you have or had comcast, and you remember the old black remote.
` so i honestly thought today was wednesday, lol
Brilliance never touched me. Rather, the carpet kissed my forehead when I fell off the changing table. Multiple times.
We don't always refuse to move our gear into the venue, but when we do we make sure to mock our roadie in the process.
Holla at me when you touch down.
Studio Studio Studio i say 3 more sessions and im done with the mixtape YEA
where was your FB cover photo taken?
Microsoft Waives Windows Azure Bandwidth Fees for University Researchers to Advance Big Data Research in the Cloud ttp://on.mktw.net/IsQfTj
I had to ask mom what the difference was between ncis and csi but i kept saying cis... -__-" dumb alert!
MU poll had 47-45, Walker would beat Barrett. Walker had a 6 point lead since the January poll.
can't wait to have some great food (maybe some wine) with my good friend sometime soon. By the way, I live in Chicago now!
I feel the energy / Between you me / Baby it's alright / Oh oh oh / I feel the energy / Just taking over me / Over me ...
I don't understand why people do,say,and act stupidly
10% off when you use the code "mama "
RT : Slight change: off-the-grid check-ins still don't unlock Mayorships but will unlock badges (without tweeting them)
N i.got homework to do
The soul can not think without a picture.
At San Miguel Fire Board meeting. Ch. Ghio wants to eliminate station 23 and replace with 2 person squad without any firefighting capacity.
Thanks to my manager! ;) xx
Thanks for the follow Lynn!
will be tweeting from #AWP! Tell us your booth, & Elisabeth our Editrix will stop by to see what cool stuff you're up to!
aw and I love you lots :))
Bryan Stevenson: Opposite of poverty is not wealth. It's justice.
Have you heard from Sara in Philly?? She has been on my mind and I can't find her on my fb anymore.
thought u didn't have friends
I definitely will:) and yeah I still talk to her.
Faster I look 4 edgar too use his jab and in and out side too side movement too control the stand up and win a very entertaining split dec
It's not over yet!!
Is really pregnant ?
At least it's sunny!
Useless Landscape by nestled in amongst the rejection slips and medical bills? Sweet!
So anal froth is quitting the GOP race? Oh well, it was fun while it lasted.
Ladies/Gays, the dude working the Wendy's drive-thru in Eau Claire right now is pretty dreamy. I'll bet he's friends with Bon Iver.
#Catching up with Days I have the feeling EJ will be the one but I'm really hoping for a scene where little Ciara bitch slaps Stefano.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook... their "MESSAGE"-area things still doesn't work right! Why it takes 5 min to open? is beyond me!
Tuesday #Training Tip: All #sales professionals learn differently. Adjust your training program to accommodate different styles.
Leaving for Vegas tomorrow for WSoP main event.
New bb skin :)
Discovery: The issue exists on my RCN and Verizon connections, but NOT on my neighbor's Comcast connection.
lol yeah me & 7 billion other guys you spammed. I feel so special
Hey everyone! Please follow ! Let's help them become the best USA fan site for ! Thanks!
Amen! RT : I think 2012 has been the biggest yr I've discovered that doing things that scare you are the most worth doing
Email&call from BofA alerting me to fraud- $1 charge at gas station. Had this happen before but Never such a quick response!! Thanks BofA!
I went time-travelling last night. Do you know how much fun time-travelling is? I went back 60 billion years & saw baby stars forming!
Thanks for the follow Nick. Maybe we'll celebrate a victory at one of your venues!
Definitely experiment w/ User Streams; can accomplish that pretty easily with it; user streams accepts track & follow params.
Old People Think They Can Juss Talk Shit , Then Say "Respect Your Elders" Afterwards .
glad to know they're still getting gigs. Be sure to tip them.
Announcing 2 awesome shows soon celebrating the release of our new EP Chasing Sunsets. Stay tuned!
Just posted a new blog www.peggyguichu.com/blog
ya me too what about state fair
sounds goods. Coordinate this with darren.!
- Hi, from a fellow librarian
"Unleash wild free beauty."
~watching something more video, wish ya'll would go back to that time when your music was well music.
What is everyone being/doing for Halloween? Be safe everyone!
Nothing quite like a "friendly" game of World of Warcraft to end an otherwise great friendship!
Lol He Gone Get On Dat!!
That food was yummy(:
Im done with all these tied guys and their games ! starting fresh with
your goddamnright you did! Haha, cold turkey!? Keep it up
One of those days where I'm missing my other half so much that everything I do reminds me of them!
oh, south dakota... thank you for your 35mph winds, icy roads and negative 16 below temp!
I want her to be confident, she wants me to be sensitive and dominent ..
Happy New Year, palaeogeeks! I wish you all happiness and success in 2012! :D
RT : Oh, silly #Startup #Founder, if you're going to do it anyway, you don't need anyone else's permission.
please follow she is you biggest fan!39
i'm going to see #willienelson !!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! WE ARE YOUR #1 FANS, GET THAT WIN TONIGHT, AND HOPE YOUR ANKLE GETS BETTER(:
blog is up feel free to email testimonies, prayers, or music that u want to share to --thx
You have a great list of events
lol at watching Cash Cab for
i cantbelieve i thought prince william was an actor andhis first name was prince...last name william hahahaha...
Morning! Happy Thursday!
At this point, you have absolutely no right to comment on ANYTHING I do. So stop.
double fist pumps!
Letter writing is an art. THANKS for sharing!
Time to dig into some Saturday work. Pandora, check. Coffee, check. Computer, check. Ready…go.
sure thing what do I do?
. is that the way to do #spiritualsolutions ? Sounds like a money making opportunity for you. Very lucrative.
I agree, people are NUTS! Lol if I ever become a professional hoarder, punch me.
"Hey, is this a new David Lynch short film or spam?" "I... I don't know. I just don't know."
- Whats The Movie Called .?
Correction to earlier #EarthDay weekend special $1 Off all growlers. Save Green By Being Green. Buy Local.
Yes, we are adults why speak like we're talking to children. We won't be able to face issues until we can talk frankly
I want to move out :)
It was great Zoe - if you have some time and you want to set up a call, I can share some details. Hope your trip is going well!
There were a few outside just waiting for you
I will say this. Watching on gameday, there are 2 strike zone today.
Working at Brass!!! ready for the lunch break i probably wont get.. :/ working out with my boy tonight!
now on to Imagine Austin plan questions from CMs
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH
Level of discourse at #WhyKardashians explains a few things...
yeah, but old dudes like you LOVE the '50s.
my childhood just exploded inside my chest
she an overachiever 'cause all she do is SUCK SEED!
Bubba just the hit the kind of shot that gets you remembered and wins green jackets
Rosella is writing like mad men! ALL NEW SET!
Breakfast: Thinking Cracker Barrel or Denny's
thank you i will forward your ideas to the attention of our board/committees. You rock!
clean up and doing my hair
I haven't been on here in forever before today! What's everyone up to?
are you guys coming to houston anytime soon?
Article way too long for .bitly twitter link. Here's to the impending WWII!
they played at The Riverside
Capital one and Sallie Mar is the devil. #TeamFollowBack #like in 3 seconds.
lol well if Mullaney likes what he heard and hires me I will for sure!
like a boss
Us too sir!! RT: : Getting fully excited about geeking out with my brothers and sisters at
Mazel top on your Bar Mitzvah
Seriously wish I didn't dream about you every night and wake up crying.
I haven't heard of anything like that, but I'll definitely let you know if the rumor spreads. There's a new place on dexter...?
MT : Thanks for sharing my #CreativeFlux post Patrick. Hope you'll check out Bublish.
You've done it again Mr. Mayer.
If you see Vanessa Blazer or James Musser, tell them to see me in 176 at the end of the day.
it all comes down to the ISD. What are the aims & outcomes?how will they be assessed?
Anti #mmj D.A. Bonnie Dumanis ran unopposed in 08. Now anti-mmj City attorney Jan Goldsmith is running unopposed. Ask why! RT
you guys get paid every week
"no need to reinvent the wheel" "time!"
omg yes!! I've pinned every single one!! #addictedtoshoes!! We need to chat ! #love!
Good deal Kellen was excited to sign that for you.
Quick thanks to in my vid today
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
I scanned by prescription with the app on my phone like an hour ago and it's already ready for pickup.
Network was GREAT! LOVED it. Enjoy! :)
Time to destroy hams and glutes! Y3T style
Jen and I were crying laughing in bed watching AFV. How sad are we.
im so awesome
Trying to pin point where I went wrong <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Awesome! thanks!
I used to like Tami but aint nobody gone hold nothing of mine hostage. Too grown for that.
"Social media is NOT advertising. It's a conversation." Manager of Social Media for Disney
LIK WOOW JUST FIGURED U gota hole in ya mouth
And check out EFFECT; fabulous co. RT : Don't miss at the this Sunday! Check this out to see what makes...
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone :)
That's really good RT : 3.2 miles and hill training... 35 minutes! Im getting good!!
I don't really care for Kansas or Kentucky. So there.
I feel for my cuzzo right now. I dare a dude to run off with my money, gamble it away then call hisself comin home
Hey, have ya'll met? I'm now posting to all my networks from one place, so I can keep fans of all my creative mediums in the loop!
"I was butt naked in the hooba-doo."-
Eventually one has to cleave
Is it me, or does Bruno Mars look totally uncomfortable getting cozy with women, and Rihanna look very cozy with the ladies?
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news! We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: New Girl
Looking for something to do this weekend? There are still brewing slots on Friday and Sunday but they're filling fast! Hurry!!!
Like a ill prono. make ur body get wet qtip
Are you ready for the ride of your life? Ride to Empower www.networkofstrength.org/ride. $100 fee coverd for 1st 3 riders in CO.
Omg I haven't felt like this gfor so long !!!
Tonight Show with Glass Clovers has been rescheduled for Thursday, December 30th. All tickets will be honored for new date!
You have a standing invitation, Miss! And right? Too bad it's best for Mr. Sid to stick to his original sched... <taps foot>
As am I. :) You really like watching Roseanne a lot, don't you?
We're getting together all kinds of goodies to stuff our Quincy gift bags! :)
check my friend list...a ton of youth orgs are on it
Thank God for all the NO's in my life. I'm finally getting the YES's that matter. With humbleness I say thank you.
All great achievements require time. -Maya Angelou
I cant wait #MIami is going to pound on the #knicks 3:30
Dennis, thanks for the RT! :-)
": Know the difference between an #IDEA & a #PLAN. #IDEAS are simple. A #PLAN requires knowing how the #IDEA will #WORK"
4sho Im walking out the door now...meet me
": The #Virgo need for perfection means in love, all your desires will be met."
I don't think Lucic ever developed further than the mentality of a toddler. He hits, whines and pouts if he doesn't get his way.
yeah I can stay at my friends apartment and SHOWER for free sorry and I don't wanna be surrounded by wannabe hippies
If by "insane", you mean "amazing... and insane", you're absolutely right.
before sunset + amelie are definitely on my list. thanks for the other suggestion, Ray! :D
sigh. Turns out it was another sushi food truck that offers sushi burritos
RT : Kudos to Hillary Clinton for Africa trip to highlight AGOA. It's 1 of our best aid programs, and it's not aid but trade.
Today I'm going to go through my vendor emails and see what appointments I need to make for
Resources from coast to coast. offering #smallbiz tips to #Pgh on #SmallBizPgh. Tomorrow at 7 PM EDT.
not even close, bad pass by Brady, Flacco put it only where Evans gets it, and got it stripped
I'm so glad we have central ac
Uh Huh...Great!
Are we ever?
Like where da after party u niggas broke as a joke got Bitches laughing probally
no they said lets tweet this on the movie
you're making me blush(:<3
RT Sorry Cleveland! Why would Lebron do a Press conference in Connecticut! No backlash,I'm just saying! <-- Good Point?
Why would you joke about starving children in Ethiopia? That ish pissed me off
Greg, thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets!
Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? Need anything that we can get. Just trying to get enough for his treatment.
Yeah same here going to be busy tomorrow
Yes but to me happy and drunk are not the same thing. LOL
#IHOP on deck.... I am waiting on my #free pancakes... Theres just something about saving money that thrills me!!!
What a day
really Bro?
It's probably unfair to suggest a drinking game for every mention of the word 'horizon' right?
So I guess and are officially famous lol!!
you ain't paying for that child support
In such a funk today because of my nightmare last night :/
it must just be good genes...
RIP: Just heard Davey Jones from The #Monkeys passed away. :'(
yeah right! HAHAHAHAH. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> i miss you babe!
What are you up to now? :) x
SPECIAL: Back To School this week. $1 OFF All 24oz. Smoothies!!!
Tired of making money, I'm on to making history.
I wanna go on a road trip
That looked like it was a HR
Round 1 of eggnog cheesecake!
Great Sat. talk by Prof Nero. Queer possibilities in Double Consciousness. Implications in syllabi development
Had An Amazing Day Withh :)
bro how much u charge for the mixtape host
"The man who knows somethings knows that he knows nothing at all" RT ... I'd probably know MORE now. Lol
and if I pretend my mom called me and I just talk to my phone then I probably don't want to "catch up!"
just wondering
Nobody else can make me cry like you can. Freaking Onion.:(
Driving down the 101 through the Northern CA farm land with and listening to new John Mayer songs.
Harris Teeter Customers Donate Over $550,000 to American Cancer Society
haha yeah danny u mad bro?
Wish I was here...RT : Happy Hour started 40 minutes ago at #siren. Drinks are only $4 till 5pm. Then go up $1 till 7pm!
#LoganSquare is the place to be. There is a new occupation on town and everyones invited.
Moving Strong packages
Just got home from the K. Royals win. What a great night in kansas city. Camp starts Monday can't wait to work with the young ones.
MT : UNCC #Jazz Combo performing now JazzArts #Music Stage @ the
I just love you! Thank you so much! RT : Help me wish this beautiful young lady a Happy Love Filled Birthday
Why did the girl put her bed in the fireplace? Because she wanted to sleep like a log.
lol but u good though
it's so good and with it being 0 calories it actually doesn't taste like diet!
I'm moving on, although reluctantly, unless something miraculously changes.
ROI is not number of fans, retweets, posts. Those are metrics.
that makes no sense whatsoever
Windy here today! I hope everyone has a BLESSED day! xo
RIP Uncle Billy and Grandpa Robert we love you very much and u will be missed but thought of everyday <3
we ain't saying nothing bad bout big girls I like em if they cute
lol u guys are too much dude already had the l in his ear ready to blow down
And I really don't wanna go to jail for slapping the shit out of these 12 year olds cursing up a storm. So annoying! They think it's so cool
#Tiger is a good game if you are playing it on the xbox 360 with the #Kinect...it just follows your moves.
hi alicia, just wanted to stop by and say hi, and that your music has been inspiration to me. sending my appreciation.
I keep waking up at like 3 every morning :/
This email i just received tho!! Yes!! *evil grin* lol
Cleaning my ... laundry pile, or what used to be a room.
and now I know what's been wrong with me all this time! :)
#evillebouncecamp concludes with bbq and beer or milk depending on age and preference
im listening to u on radio disney u should so start singing when your done with the movie
Just got done watching the tour...great job lance!
um me? im with you! haha
I HATE WAITING FOR THE BUS AND THEN IT'S LATE SO IT WOULD HAVE BEEN FASTER IF I HAD JUST WALKED
I don't even know
Finally got a job today, tattoo here i come
I thought there were mercy rules after 10 runs
Veda. Sally Draper should watch Mildred Pierce and learn from queen bitch daughter of them all.
I didnt unfollow you on purpose! I did it by mistake & then followed you back right after! :)
What if you took a drug in another reality, And this whole life is the high.' o:
#blackplaynames comn to a theater soon starrin bishop eddie long " TOUCH ME IN THE MORNING"
I'm so damn emotional
Hey Tanya what happened to Steve Chiatakls on Marketplace? Have not heard him in a LONG time.
I just saw a deer get oblitrated on sycolin rd. It rocked.
thanks for the shoutout! Have a great day!
Just like Sendak, to pick today to remind everyone how great book authors are teachers, too.
and the ice cream cake is gone. Lunch is officially over. thank you and goodnight.
To be honest your not that cute.
Some classic tunes from Kwame - '89-ish... sounded better on tape, but this will have to get you by. "IT'S the man we all know and love" :-D
#forty dollars means gas in the car for a week.
at this time, we are a GO for #SOTG2011. we'll be live-tweeting from the Mall in about 30 minutes!
Ushers voice >> that man can sing
Thornburg, Gagnon, Heckathorn, Nelson are all looking pretty good. Really haven't done much drafting of hitting early...
people who try and pull the off the whole "yeeaahhbuddy!!" thing just make themselves look stupid
They're assholes!
No I'm not making fun of you. I'm insulting you directly.
btw love for SI swimsuit cover
I am REALLY excited for my haircut on Saturday! It is long overdue. :)
very nice
haha oh no problem! :]
Putting in work at the lab wit
When l people l have l their l bios l like l this l #TeamFaggot l lol stop
oh hey buddy!
did you get the pic I sent you??
it's annoying to find out a tool doesn't work the same way as it had
": Real men don't love the most beautiful girl in the world, they love the girl who can make their world the most beautiful"
nothing much you?
I got vyvanse ?
They must have just updated the copyright. That's the same text I taught 5 years ago.
rock & soul this afternoon
Going to Dogg Haus on Brady street!!! Meet up anyone?!?
Whoa huge transformers haha
Finally... #Vegas is booked!
I'll just watch the best sport on the planet.
Do u have Black Berry !?
"Still Up"
I can't wait to see in Kansas City in April!
The free throw attempt disparity in the #Rockets - Lakers game is questionable to say the least.
second Super Bowl you have scrambled my HD experience! Fix it or Dish gets my business!
Come by tonight for a Harvey Wallbanger - a Monopolowa screwdriver w/ a Galliano float. Like all of our games, it's a true classic. Only $5!
Burgers look good , I have sushi tonight !!!
Wow, lots of push for all chapters to submit a CEA award.
Well I guess we'll find out..hooray next week.
omg! Do you know any details? Like what time or anything?
You've got to love a tail wind on the road:)
RT So I'm stoked to buy Mother's Day remake and on May 8th...Whose in with me!
do we get to leave early?
thanks for the RT!
Ugh! Bleeding chips by playing a grudge. 9k of 10k starting stack. 1/200 w/o ante.
Just me, or anyone else sense a possible heel turn coming?
mile run today -_-
I have a soccer ball hexagon still imprinted on my leg from a Sunday indoor game.
well guys, here we are hahahaha
It looks like shit.but ya know.i gotta start doing it so it starts getting better.i just hate ppl making fun of meD:
Wishing a very blessed and beloved birthday...continuous success with #RA.One and #Don2 upon release. you are a gift to Bollywood!
Did you know that Demi Lovato took classes with us in 1999? cc:
hey mom what are you gonna do when i have kids "play with them unless my hip goes out"
You'd get Euell Gibbons's stamp of approval. :) Cactus sounds a lot like bamboo. Lots of uses that one might not expect.
The market manipulators don't like the market to be down, so they are working hard to at least pull the DOW positive. Your tax $ at work.
I'm so excited
I am saddened that the and debate has ceased from my timeline. That whole exchange gave me a chub.
Can you please renane your twitter account "S*** My Mom Says?" I love your mother!!
haha and i may or may not buy two copies. How bout we find a way to go see him?
Day two of happy morning tv! Storage Wars on ! Yup, I need a life ;)
DAMN GET OFF MY DICK!!
Is there a show more annoying than Live at The Actors Studio?
"Gay money" > Obama campaign received $1 million in donations in first 90 minutes after he announced support for gay marriage, reports
doesn't quite know how he feels about "The Five-Year Engagement," but you'd never guess it reading his review....
RT : My daily nutritional supplements are 2 gummies, 2 teaspoons of bee pollen, and 2 dark chocolate squares.
umm lol I heard the craziest thing today umm that I supposedly stalk you on twitter which is UNTRUE just so you know<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
This should end well... I'm in RT Folks, DE Osi Umenyiora now on Twitter. You can follow him at
Thanks to Colorado school of mines for hosting us as well as focomx! We had a blast this weekend!
omg! Image of Grace is getting somewhere! In June, jarett asked us 2 participate in a concert thing @
protecting? Or humping?
Just watched #TakeShelter. Michael Shannon's perma-grimace face is perfect for that film.
Lots of good stuff going on. Best part of day was having playdate between my little puppy client & our bldg mascot dog, Coco
When we pray God moves.
I'm jumping over-board.!!!!!
Spring Training is over, but don't worry..Woodjock updates of who's playing next year will keep coming!
pearl jam!
we need more goals, Vancouver will be attacking on the next half
We fuxin n she cusin she cant take no more of me!
Thankfully I'm not wearing the penguin suit today..
What a day!!! Here's to a better tomorrow! Goodnight!
New music binge. Yum yum yum yum yum.
We are going to #MagicKingdom and #AnimalKingdom today. We'll have some new #videos to share with fellow #Disney enthusiasts. 4
im listening to my washer shake my floor.....
You're everything to me. I cannot say how much i love you. It's in my heart. I wanna spend my life with you.
It's International Hug a Librarian Day, but I'll accept chocolate or coffee in lieu.
jealous! But it's lovely in LA too! Miss my Moro!
twitter hi-five for plugging the toilet!
#TickTickBoom is changing my life right now. How have I never heard this show before???
Cherish and love your family. You will have peace within yourself after all is said and done.
Gedunk Food Truck Is now serving at tractor brew pub
Casting Directors workshops aren't to be missed. Get amazing feedback & helpful hints to book work for your network auditions!
Webdesign is slow moving. I am definitely not a web developer.
i'm goin great and urs?
Austin is a fun town, but being down there made me realize how thankful I am to be at and to have the friends I've made in LBK!!
==>Soo Called "INDEPENDENT B*TCHES" F*cked It Up For All WOMEN!!! **Yo School Money & Income Tax Ain't Gon Last Forever**
I didn't do it on purpose my phone has been doing that for some reason, but I'm following back
yea I do
but seriously, if would've done the same thing off the court he'd gone to jail. Time to put on ur man pants and say sorry.
I like that it's subtle and goes with everything. Yeah too bad I'd freeze to death. <U+E407>
Tonight and tomorrow are your last chances to catch #CHILDREN before #OpeningNight. Book now! Seats are selling fast.
Demo disaster today! It shouldn't have been a demo, but an entrée for customer steering of our project. Time to brush up marketing skills!!
you should ask him the PW to his twitter to see if he's really faithful
just found out i arrive in buffalo earlier than expected so expect this to be a date at 8pm may 19.
Smoking kills people, thats why they banned it!!!
So glad to see the topic of student loan debt being discussed on both and Stay tuned #uppers and
Thanks for all the love!
Time is going by fast...I'm getting old.
well its a MUST i get them!
...and she clicked her ruby shoes.. Welcome home!
Damn, Bryce Harper has been promoted to the Majors. I was hoping to see him face the #clippers in CBus next month.
back now
I heart you.
I'm afraid to look up the Magic 8 Ball online and tempt the Gods! :-)
saving some $$ for da new hizzzzouse!!
Movies over.. What to do now??
You've been a bad boy now go to my ROOM! haha
This is cool how Twitter is becoming more of a learning tool.
Okay, I followed him. :D
Didn't turn out good
Shut up and let me go
awesome, if Katie emmerson is working please tell her I said hi! Also if Jackson is around, same thing.
#Orioles win!!!! The #Orioles win! Back home to battle the Expos.
Just grilled hot dogs and hamburgers for 22 undergrads.
which is the best?
my nose real stuffy and I'm riding on a huffy
What if I ever run away, would you miss me?
RT : The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate feedback!
I'm not afriad to tell u how I feel I'm afriad of the way u might react Or wat u might say:/......
The team and I are wishing you luck tonight at the #Oscars. We'll be making the Red Carpet Fizz in your honor!
What about a smart haircut
One word #weather report: meh.
I think I need a juice cleanse after this week. Seriously.
I've noticed an increased amount of product placement on tv shows, specifically electronics.
+1 RT : Can't wait for in DC! Question is: Will & the throw a Welcome Party for him?
Been busy!!! Working out at www.crossfitstrong.com. Just booked plane tickets for Mardi Gras in New Orleans in Feb & Hawaii in March! yay!!
Drinking vegetable juice puts hair on your chest, then turns said hair green.
A properly designed single payer system eliminates for everyone financial hardship due to health care costs.
thank you :) & i just want EVERYTHING on austin's site!
If you want 1 yr of prosperity, grow grain. If you want 10 yrs of prosperity, grow trees, If you want 100 years of prosperity, grow people.
Thanks for the follow & break a leg with Shakespeare.
OEM Business Model is great business opportunity.
My 1000th Tweet Go's To Hes Cool Af Go Follow Him
Is anyone sharing your job descriptions? A guaranteed way to go viral with a great startup called ongig. A video job description repository
heh. Can't believe I forgot the unicorns
Er, a date with my boyfriend. Boyfriend. I really, really like him, but I can't stand coupley words. Trying to get used to it. (Boyfriend.)
Hiya pals! Just getting here!
it was awesome. Then I went to Duplex for open mike comedy nite then bway quality piano bar. Love this place :-)
i knew u was the police lol snitch
Have you seen the HBO pilot for GIRLS? It's a breath of fresh air.
wow jesus classes end Tuesday???
Company coming over tonight for my world famous Mac and Cheese. The cheese alone for this cost's over $15.00, sharp wht cheddar &Gruyere
They changed a couple of elements in John Carter that were key in the 100 yr old book so it would make sense as a 2012 movie - worked well
#smashbrothers miss wilding out with our homie at #palmers nightclub! We doing big now tho Lego! Smash brothers
awesome day at ! Who else did I meet today?
Thanks for the follow.
Had a blast at the Black Press Candidates Forum!
Mom, I'm going to have so much fun with dad I won't even notice you're gone.
it was great hanging out with you last night!!
It's the first night of graduate classes! Hope everything is running smoothly for you - let us know if you're experiencing difficulties!
It feels great outside!
We would love to do an interview. Email to get in contact! Thanks!
Took half a day out of our crazy schedule to head up to the gorge. Sunny and beautiful today. Now back to work for the rest of the evening.
some people need to get a f@#kin life LOL
“: Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.” Agreed.
#FF Thank you Caroline!! :)
Thanks for following!
Zoinks! Your chair is out for delivery 2day! Can't take credit. Rudin air freighted it! We want all your upholstery business!
will do, thank you! =)
I want your bag - please...
psh, one less person I'd ever have to share with. ;)
que feo :c
I love niccas who can dress and closet is lookin just as good as mines!
EPP brings its Eye on New China to Concord, NC! We'll be at the B&T Vendor Fair, Booth 71, Embassy Suites, Wed am. Don't miss out!
THE UNDERGROUND, however, per the YouTube network deals, will be exclusive to YouTube for the first 18 months.
Welcome, Dawn!
The time has come. I must now begin a journey that will challenge every fiber in my being; I can no longer withhold it. The time has come.
Some people ride unsafely. New bike program = more people riding. More people = more unsafe
how are you?
i wish you'd notice me.
That is highly creepy! One could end up with competitors, mistresses, etc. showing up in their suggested connections!
It's impossible for you to follow me !!! Xoxo
oh really that sounds fun. I didn't do skip day I have an important test and I needed the grade lol
Thats 2 crawford walk-offs in '11 RT that fat child in that photo could strike out carl crawford...
#JBSOMEDAY I will meet you and talk wiyh you. I love you so much.
#askbilas if Ky can bust Syracuse zone can the cuse keep up in scoring
whats a tinky winky and why is it trending?
you can do better towards Afro Americans who support u stop acting like a whitey
what up
no and no
NFL Draft Day is like a Holiday to me....getting my Buffalo Wings ready!
#Honestyhour Sometimes we can't pay our homes for reasons out of our control, so we should call Renny plus Seve and get help!
Generally I want to be the one who's able to address everyone's issues, but now that I'm in a position of zero authority ...
hope you are so I can take care of it lol :)
had no idea you were from Texas. I was born there. 4th generation
largest YL New Years Eve party on the planet. 80s cover band. DJ dance party. Featuring Washington, DC
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. -Buddha
I got a new fashion Magazine releasing to LA... Would love to get you guy's in involved! Let me know!
Obviously your virus is catching, since we had Indian takeout too. :)
#69Factsaboutme 69. I write, and sketch.
Great tips on leadership, professionalism, transferable skills 'n careers. Special thanks to for their participation
See you there RT : We're bringing upcycled craft supplies & pay-as-you-wish prices to Baar Bazaar. 12/17 8 pm
A1: Think about why you drink Coke or Pepsi, taste is part of it, but why do some of you ONLY drink or the other, brand purest
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list @ (602)882-0317 TONIGHT $100 Bottle Special!!
night...don't get raped...oh
You know 1 monkey don't stop no show!
Brrrr! How to type the ° symbol: hold down the Alt key then press 0176 and release all. Give it a whirl!
Sunday mornings contain a magic all their own. . .
snapback is an old school regular hat but they wear the bill flat #dumb trends. We tight rolled our jeans and teased our hair!
My grandmother died exactly 3 months ago.. I hope will give me support in this hard time :'(
Finally got the pretty girls number at work and the convos been good
Hi Simon! I'm good, its FRIDAY! WOOHOO. Happy Friday to you. Big weekend plans?
for serious.
Lots of actors from #Lost have shown up in #OnceUponATime. Bringing in the Smoke Monster was a bit much though.
Add quitter to the Fickell resume
please tell me you're going to brad?!
Seems like he should at least get suspended... RT : 17-year-old suspect in Ohio school shooting to remain in detention, judge rules
well i made it so it could be seen on phones pero nose if its ganna work ull find out later haha
You're so sweet. Same to you all. Beautiful weekend! Grant's fighting invisible bad guys now in the living room. Does V do this?
Serafin is the man!!
Another night of live music with the Ralph Butler Duo. Catch them from 9pm until midnight tonight in
whats up. How you been?
I just wanna kill Scar for killing Mufasa ugh! Yes I get very emotional!
that's automatic you gotta love her and her reactions to things
Happy 4th of July!!!! lake all day baby<3 hopefully ill learn how to wake board hahaha (;
gosh my phone's so stupid it'll give me a notification from a text like 5 mins after i got the text..
Thanks for the follow
Hooray for the PVCC Horticulture Club!
She's doing very well, aside from the constipation problems LOL. She's at her sister's til next Wed. - house to ourselves 8'D
Happy Hump Day to my friends and family of the east coast!!
Her smile >
i think it should! and..the ppls might wanna take another look at allisons doll #toomuch2handle!
: You just love it cause Bill Compton has even less excuse for sounding like an anachronistic dufus.
Tebow talk:Oh, Jesus, you were so humble,please make the Steelers fumble. Hail Mary, Immaculate Conception, make Ben throw an interception.
How you gon hate on a nigga that wanted more than you ?
I wonder if I twitter my thoughts, would they follow?
I wish I had a girl who'd watch these games with me, Sportscenter with me, and root against my team during the Superbowl and NBA finals lol
She said " Boo I LOVE you " I told her that was a THESIS Statement !! # I'm TRAPSATIONAL
im honest a.f
haha I was kidding, hell naw, I ain't leaving my laptop. Dude....in Washington DC? PLEASE!!!!
that last express was weak
BOOKED ON A TV SHOW! Only after 28days signed with Conscious Publicity!
its almost your birthday!!! and I are working on a song for you!
I need to go to sleep its freakin 2:12 am!!!!!!!!
No, Cole Hamels was suspended because he threw at a batter. Get your facts right, geez!
#GirlsShould stick to one man when they are in a relationship. Us guys don't like hearing about these other guys who obviously want you
The stream keeps freezing. If you get a chance ask the gentleman to reboot?
Having elva practice a scene from a movie...I'm going to have her audition for scream queens
that would be me as well!
Radiohead was fan fuckin tastic! Paranoid Android, Jigsaw, Lotus Flower, myxomatosis... BLEW MY (NONEXISTENT)BALLS OFF!
V. nice outfit. But you couldn't get the boots into the picture? (I concede you may not share my perspective on feet-on-desks.)
Oh and im vibin on yahoo answers sharing wisdom and shit
Just about 4 more weeks left of skool!
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665>9
Nope still cnt find my headphones -__-
good point. Lot of things going on federally and locally with this debate.
ITS SOO HARD 2 GET NOTICED BY YOU, RT OR FOLLOW ME AND ILL BE HAPPY =)
Two more decent docs on mankind's relation to nature -- one about local food (EATING ALABAMA) & one about birds (CENTRAL PARK EFFECT).
Okay did you over do it and now your totally exhausted from the weekend? But it was exciting - Get some sleep - Later!
it's good breh just a grind ... Wasup with y'all season
always bro!
WHOA WOUDENT THIS BE CRAZY XD
Lots of work to do + new inventory just arrived (lovely new styles to show you!) but hopefully I'll be able to get out & enjoy the weekend.
Sermon prep
“: Awee how sweet of that girl to text you today #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay”
Thanks Paul!! This is an incredible book! Best QBs in the country-442 pages of the secrets of their trainer.
Couple bottles of that MOET and getting dat pu$$y she haven't told me no yet!
Thanks for the ideas! You guys ROCK!
Ha! Silly Noah!
yep, petmate sells a similar one here in the states. I have the Medium size, but i have ginormous cats :)
Ok, start writing our next song "Urgh, Urgh, Urgh" we gotta reach out to our neanderthal listeners by Ovechkin's request
at least, you better. (;
Thanks for the offer to volunteer, we need to fundraise first - please spread the word!
Kids who pick their nose and eat their boogers in class should prolly be forced to sit for finals twice.
Word to kombiz.
Cheers, Hannah! :)
Building self confidence- lack of positive self-esteem is a factor that holds many people back... research
Haha...it is torture!
i followed him
FYI: We deliver! No min order & delivery fees start at just $15. Please call us 24 hrs ahead of time, but we do offer rush delivery as well!
#bring1dtoseattle for life
We are on this world to live, love, and do great things. The little hard times along the way are nothing compared to the big picture. x
I am really torn about my team for #Star what a hard decision!!!!
that's awesome! What did u decide on? I say ya can't go wrong w/ a blazer & pencil skirt. Good luck!
no thanks
I love her! tearing it up on Go #teamblake tonight — please dominate team Xtina.
Hay, um, I should go to that show with you Friday. \m/
put another log on
#20ThingsAboutMe im a really nice girl, but im hard headed
At the airport. My flight leaves in 30 min.
Cranked out a bunch of work today. Being unemployed has been great for R&D. Time to play with lots of tech!
thank you and tell everyone I said heyy
So, how much time do you waste reading about random strangers online? Yep - talking to you ;)
that's awesome! Thank you!
There's a Michael Jackson doctor trial app? Wow.
I'm not taking it, but my school offers a VERY popular storytelling course.
it's very serious. Lisa make it through the rigorous wing woman application process. Barely.
no matter how nice, accessible they are - they are after something from you. don't deny what you feel/the spirit warns. agree quickly!!
sorry I didn't see you at #aln2011. Great conference. Delayed at airport on Wed.How was your presentation?
Such a smart & engaging panel thanks to & all who came out!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Marble Slab Creamery - Dessert (live updates)
I appreciate the support (even from afar)!
I am so there. Pandora blazin throughout this taco bell ;)
we commend you for your forward thinking.
Im up at this time
Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's HERE! Deep Vision Dance Co/withhart.dance.projects in shared concert! TONIGHT!
Yeah. May need to drive some but should be a fun season.
congrats! LUV the show!
I've avoided this night for 23 years.
*~tryna win dese summerjam15 tickets in detroit to see u boi winning is to hard nt giving up #JetsettersUp <U+2708> nowhere but ^ ~*
If you haven't talked to us about tickets for our Paradise Fears show email us!
Wherever it might be, any chance Jeff Saturday joins Peyton?
In 1955,Rosa Parks sparked the civil rights movement by refusing to give up her seat to a white man in Montgomery AL.
i miss college...
The 2012 summer movie preview
dis is our new gang guyz
A name is just a number name wat we really are is number's...108-354-9085
79 Seattle records reviewed in the May issue of Seattle Weekly's Reverb Monthly, on the racks TOMORROW!
Jane, don't you know that dr. Murray will NOT be convicted?
You should follow me you know :D
– ExpressionEngine all the way! Yes, I'm biased :)
we are placing our first order with ya'll excited to see the product at
You're awesome! Thx!! :)
Apple makes a brand faux pax. Is it iPad 3 or "the new iPad" and what will we call it? They lose control of the brand
Email us some detail and we'll figure out what's happening.
What kind of dickhead asks what would Jesus do?
Bout to get back into this twitter movement
Last week I spent learning. This week I'll spend doing.
I'm with you there! Doesn't bother my viewing experience at all
Need to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
Would love to have you as a volunteer, Mary! Next time! Today, you just enjoy the awesome event!
Can I blame having to face "logic" like that for my bad mood? It's infectious.
Pinterest Announces Attribution Tool Feature For Flickr, YouTube And More ... - Huffington Post
I don't see risk; I see opportunity to make a difference.
I'm still here. Are you?
where do you get those "YOLO"shirts like u have in your profile pic?i like them!:)
I'll remember that ;) xo
Steve Blake come thru too. what a team effort!
7pm's Record Shelf – The Pride of #Madrid!. Historic recordings of Spanish music feat. great Spanish conductor Enrique Fernandez Arbos.
Back to you again :-)
Alright alright alright alright
Celtics Game with <3 Let's get it Celtics! (;
having a huge heart can cause u huge hurt
looking forward to new episode of #onceuponatime tonight...then back to work!
I had a dream about getting married to this beautiful lady but she know who she is lol
i need a damn blunt and a cup of purple drank or some strong and deadly and a studio and ill be good bru real shit
Not having anything to drink <<<
Fact: it takes 21 days of doing a behavior for it to become a habit.
Creating handouts on Edelweiss, hooray for making my life easier !
October daye series? Or how about some Gail Carriger? Or some George Mann?
With a little help from the umpire in strike three of out 27, we witnessed the 21st perfect game in MLB history today.
Bob Altice for Judge. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8>
Thanks for spending time with us! RT : street food asia. wonderful way to end a beautiful weekend!(:
I'm in the hood NE right now , where you at with it ?
Yup. Definitely had a dream about coming back up last night.
thanks for the mention!
hanging out with your advisor in Ft. Collins -- having a blast. :)
same here
Snooki being famous is worse. It speaks towards America's preference of people who add no value. none at all.
Indeed Peace and Progress!!!
calm down it was just a heart .
Figuring out that Vinny graduated college with a 3.9 gpa & a bachelors degree just made him so much sexier.
I was at TGIFridays last night and saw Bernie's Chalet.
we are okay just in withdraws
what order should we write the story?
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF !
Thomas making outstanding saves right now!
Just ordered Adobe Production Suite! Can't wait to play with After Effects and Premiere :)
You have a baby? Doesn't surprise me..
ahahaha yes. 4 vs. 3. we literally spent all night outside their houses tryna get them
and Nava was never a real prospect
listening to Buck Owens and his Buckaroos live at Carnegie Hall 1966. good lawd. don rich ...tragic
Welcome back from Easter Break! CRJ students, faculty and staff return to school today.
catching up on tweets and getting ready to craft
Prepared to discuss risk allocation in Contracts tomorrow. Spent long time registering daughter's soccer team for an upcoming tournament.
Im going to bed. Goodnight guys and goodnight i am really happy for you and you deserve all of it okay?<3 We love you<3
2 tourneys this past weekend. Took 4th out of 26 and 2nd out of 12 teams. Both days well below freezing. Not a bad #winterdisc weekend.
Will be watching the sox game with a cold beer sitting on a couch
#Vegas North Side call 399-2923 or South West Side call 823-4800. We are deal of the day!!! Get it!
Tone up to slim down! RT #FACT: 1 pound of fat takes up 18% more space than 1 pound of muscle.
or as #NomunaChuulunbatar would say: Nail
Although lemons are typically thought of as acidic, they are alkaline-forming when ingested in the body.
SFR Tuesday afternoon: "Ruby's Rants" @ 1 PM, "SuffolkATION" @ 2 PM, Michael Peppe's show @ 3 PM, and "Adventures with Alex" @ 4 PM.
Tonight's Drink Special: The Reigning Blood! Fresh lemonade mixed w/ Stoli Raz & Strawberry puree, served over ice for only $6. Hell Awaits!
Nokia sued because Windows Phone is failing [updated]
Best advice all month: RT : Show an author you care, leave a positive review
The great Johnny O'neal just joined me on piano!!
THAT is awesome! “ : So John Mayer apparently LOVES the #Bachelor! came up to and knew who she was”
go to sleep late, and wake up early. Lol.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Watching Anchorman for the billionth time.
Saw Ann Pachett last night great way to spend an evening.
Email to get on board for special deals and free picks!
We were had by the weather, had to turn on the air to cool off the house.
Sometimes at work I want to tell people: "I regret to inform you that I'm about to punch you in the face for being stupid!" I hate stupidity
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 27
Dropped by to say hello. Hope your doing well and enjoying that beautiful baby. Happy Wednesday
. is my favorite today. Thank you for the referral, kind sir.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Norman R. Augustine
you have an amazing blog!
What are some of the snow reports around the #RVA area??? I hear 3.5 in in West End areas.
The dance was fun! Glad everyone ended up going :)
Studying at Buster's is KU. best iced tea ever and beautiful compañía. just what i need before the DEfenSA
This #Miami #Dallas game is garbage!!
Not good for the widow.
Heard while boarding my flight to Lafayette: "I done had myself a day."
R u sure we r talking about chicken here??
Listen now to Carlos Viana talking about biocompatible medicine on a2zen.fm.
Don't want to go to French revision
then ur lookin in the wrong place(:
Today's Phillyhunt Question: On the front page of today's Inquirer what is the headline about Japan's nuclear plant? Answer now to win!
Part of my growth over the years has come from knowing when to shut up and it has made all the difference.
Ford&#39;s first electric car makes pit stop in Amarillo
Ran in my new Frees for the 1st time today. Completely different feeling. Good but feet are burning.
Hey , Happy Birthday!
I love your feeble attempts at sarcasm and intellect.
I can't do this on my own, or without you. I'd be nothing!
“: "I love you forever, I want to be with you for the rest of my life" - Dude, you've been dating 2 days.”
I'll send you the schedule next week once it is finalized. Got some great concerts lined up.
how are you??
In the studio working on the new album. It is really coming together. Keep updated. We will be releasing a new track soon.
For those of you that check in at local businesses using , what are your favorite incentives/rewards?
Baltazar asked me to name all the Ninja Turtles. Please, I know my turtles I LOVE them. I have nerdy moments too.
I'm afraid to click on the instagram.
Great article about creating a global focus for US entrepreneurs. It should start in NYC. I'm in, let's go!
Dave Matthews fans who haven't seen him live aren't real fans. In unrelated & entirely not insecure news, some1 plz take me to a DMB concert
Lolololol I love it!
Stephanie from Starbucks just said I'm "Creepy in Jesus".....not sure how to take that.:-)
Start the game already, will ya?
Just got slowrolled by this Mongolian fish, 33 on a T43, I lead $20 he raises $400 I call. 4. Ck he shoves $500 I call, river 5.
Happy Better Speech & Hearing month #slpeeps!
yea, we caught that too...was really looking forward to her performance too...
As a lecturer, I assume that anything I say in class could be public record. But what about students who speak in class?
Before, an idea was just an idea. Then, an idea was more than just an idea. Now, an idea is just an idea. -Bruce Lee
Edwards atty says: Edwards "categorically denies that he was involved with any prostitute or service. ... allegations are false"
This Sunday at the The Grafton Pub and Grill we'll be discussing The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. 1:00 p.m.! see you there!
Late night last minute homework.
Us, too. RT : sometimes
And a good number will still be dumb as shit! RT : Americans will eventually go to school year around...
Woo! Congrats!
Lol - I was adopted. Born in Missouri and grew up on Long Island... you?
Happy Easter all
Hello! I checked out Droptype a few months back when you contacted me. Site seems down now. Are you still involved in the app?
Does Fireball have a twitter? Fireball needs a twitter.
Abby please inform someone of the comments, Brent Bundridge He has promised to kill Mr. Irsay. Please inform law enforcement
It's pretty sad when beliebers spell BIEBER the wrong way. I've seen like 5 people this morning spell it beiber. The i is before the e! :D
bring back toonami
I said i must be fine because my hearts still beating
ROFL - love ya, darlin'!! *hugs*
I will definitely check out your FB page as well, Kati. Thanks.
First t-storm of the year isnt dampening my enthusiasm. to see Still hope he gets hit hard.
yeah I love that song so much. <U+2764>
Know this? ...Money can't buy you love. Gop ~Every dollar is influence. The Dollars for #wiunion are for
thanks for all the support Matt, you guys are awesome!
Why thank you kind sir!
Hey just checked out your PMP, dope stuff have a project I want to get you on, can u DM me ur email?
Aeesome! Email me your number and I'll call you to se it up.
After a lot of running around, planning and grunt work I have official declared education studies and history as my minors.
Beets #detoxify your liver! I add them to my shake or cut them for my salad! #BEETS are #GOODFORYOU!
I am trying to find outdoor large colorful party oriental lanterns made out of a durable...?
I'm in tears cause mo fucker didn't no what to say! Hahaha
I think that is the fear of the MPAA...shows the root of bullying is the traditional/conservative ideals.
peace we just linked at the RBMA session, please check that mix I slipped you, would love to get your feedback
BBQ sauce all over my face hands and shirt..... But Damn its worth it
Thank you once again! #FBLT ...please show some love to
LOL @ your dp! What up G!?
are you and doug alive??
you know I got your back bro!
Once a director changed the entire staging for the final scene for me after intermission of opening night.
thanks, now where's my victory pack...?
I like you. I don't know you very well. But at this point all I want is to know more about you.
Only ratchet girls have voicemails like this : YEA IT'S YA GIRL PEACHES , LEAVE A BITCH A MESSAGE
It's Friday night, the bar is fully stocked and the DJ is ready to rock! Who is coming to see us tonight - poolside?!
Thanks for the note, Jan! Glad you liked the article!
what channel?!
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
I love how I have to think about how old I am when someone asks me
RT : love the moment when I look up from my phone and remember there's a whole goddamn world i could look at instead.
That seems like a healthy environment in which to raise future DH leaders.
Congrats to ALL of the Best Of Finalists & Winners! U all deserve the accolades U get 4 making SD such a GR8 place 2 live ;)
I said they looked alike before she lost all the weight. smh
Most nights I lay awake thinking of you. Other nights I think of life, beards, and giraffes because I'm pretty sure I have insomnia.
I miss you doll <3
Cubicle rules because: #23, half day due to inclimate weather. Shut up.
Merry Christmas! Matthew 1:21 ESV "She will bear a son, and you shall call His name Jesus, for He will save His people from their sins."
Time goes by to fucking FAST!
I love eating at someone else's house
always always love you!<U+2665>
um, no. (there's a football game on)
happy Sunday sis!
sign should be "buy fewer things". otherwise brilliant.
When Stewie rips the Trader Joes parking lot, I'm curious if it was a shot at the one on LaBrea/3rd. It's an f-ing disaster!
what's a passport card?
Axford and Loe taking the remote controlled airplanes for a spin this morning inside the Miller Park airplane hangar.
I know I know,I'm awesome;)
I know!!! I meant to text you yesterday... Just got in from the trail I will text you after I finish with my hair!
Wow fantastic news on reaching your £5k target. Will be thinking of you all tonight.
& I pray we never undo
can't wait to u get here we gone make a Series!
You'll always be a part of me:-)
RT follow back lovely // Following back.
only 2 tweets? You're slackin'!
OH: "This is the best tour I've ever been on!" at Hide/Seek Curator Tour
I had a pretty good day , goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
word up i got u fammm
I'm at my parents' house, and there are no bagels. What is going on??
My bad i had to go help my grandpapi. lolol
yes! Email me at =) thanks
I'm going to the party as the "Shively Grab n' Go Runner"...wearing Spandex and a Livestrong T
Sure thing! Hope everything's going well with you and your family!
Working on a post for on 's crazy cool beer labels. Keep an eye out for it!
What are your thoughts on #Facebook #Timeline?
We need more justice in "our system"
Jessica Simpson is engaged!!
…by which I mean food, by the way. My other Peruvian numnums I'm saving for marriage.
RT : The composer John Adams, whose music I listen to obsessively while writing, has a very cool blog.
can't stop addicted to the shin dig
Stopping to eat dinner. Will pick up rest later.
haha ya! Im good thanks. Wbu
we have been quiet of late..but im in the process of ending biz relationships..with ppl we dont want associated with us
FOLLOW HE HELLA COOL AND HE IS APART OF
"115" by Elena Siegman!!!!! That song is the shits!!!!!! i love that song!!!!!!!
Good morning! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! What are your plans today?
doesn't cur about me! Jk have fun eating breakfast with your mommy and sissies. Whore.
it's coming bro! we've written about 3 full lengths worth of songs in the last year & a half. it's gunna be pretty sweet!
Tres Hermanos, it's on West ave close to I-10. My favorite place.
Shame on you.
LOL! RT : I think she is cute but it could be the alcohol.
His Beauty's Crazy, I watch him from him from the crowed , His voice is so amazing, He make his mama proud, His home is in my heart(: E.S
Good prez at UCSB. Having a hard time reconciling this dichotomy. Bad signal to hire someone at 25% market discount but ok at 100%?
You officially took Earth Day to a whole new level or should I say you leveled it?
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. - Abigail Adams
Ur not punished for ur sin but by ur sin, that's why God hates sin. God wants u free not a slave to sin and the power of darkness!
Burnt Sugar Arkestra Park NYC right now show starts
Spring Break is over? Not good. Let the REAL senioritis begin
The ACM nominee's got released last week... grab the nominees promo now on
no, Im not going up tonight, but maybe I'll come see you! :))
Making it easier for owners to go mobile - Crain's New York Business
yo what city (chicago) won the free (chicago) show (chicago)??
damn..your not lying about junk in the trunk..all this time never checked pics
Not better YET - still have a site that looks like shit, waiting to chat with my provider's tech guys.
My place of employment has a trial subscription to the The Vogue Archive from Proquest. I may have just cried a little.
You look really beautiful and stunning!
Un breakfast..!!! :D
That mini heart attack that you get when you can't feel your phone in your pocket.
SIR that was a horrible strike call
Leave it all on the floor for 48 minutes tonight and have fun doing it! You guys R the best!
playing hard to see lol
Worst break down in class structure I've ever seen, I would rather be outside
It's funny to me that we care how something we eat was treated back when it was a different thing.
Just wrote a long email (>140 char) including the words persistent, adversary, threat ... and yet it wasn't what you think.
Gotta love Aaron Lynch's mom. Begging a NFL player to tell her son not to leave ND.
did not anticipate that my new job would involve, in part, tearing the front covers off mass-market paperbacks no one wanted ("strippables")
Ha. More like a quick one-two. Down for the count.
Oprah ? Id hit it.
5 followers away from 300! Who wants to give me a shoutout? ;)
RT : This has been the most informative week of my entire life I've learned an awful lot < I BET!! Thank u 4 the entertainment.
Nice. We're actually already home though. Low key night. You want to go out on Friday? That's celebration night. Plans TBD.
I had almost forgoten. Hope that never happens again, to any one on any team.
After running around the city all day, I can truly appreciate the sanctity of my apartment!
Damn, I'ma miss my roomate. Most badass roomate I could have.
Great day on the Hill advocating for vision and eye health capped off with Monica
Yep. He was raw at UCLA RT : Jrue Holiday is so sneaky athletic. People forget he was a Top 5 recruit & lottery pick.
Washing dishes clears my head
New vocaloid what do...
all smiles over here! spent some time with my boo tonight. it was very nice.
RT : If you're a 'fan' and u come with a rude attitude- twitter or anywhere,I'll mop the floor with u.. I hate unnecessary black
Companies that have "disproportionate power over the global economy." 147 that control 40% of wealth. Via
hope you're having one insanely good week!
Four and a half more hours. That's all. Come on.
Good p*ssy don't never get tied" *clap clap, snap, throwing my twos* B<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>L!
She says thank you! :) Sorry for not being able to talk to you for song long.. :\
Happy #ff Friday!
we can certainly try...why no chocolate or preserves?!
relaxed and off to bed night :)
Everything about this nigga just seem fake now.
Thank you for lighting a fire under my ass to finish writing. Everyone, go see Sound of My Voice and see how it inspires you.
yeah I'm still up for it. What's your ideas I'd love to hear them! :)
sand follow back
ok will check that out because Oklahoma sucks too much of a mindless red state
and I'm pretty sure that those numbers can easily be doubled on january (cold) at lunch time
#shitclemsonstudentsdontsay...we almost beat west virginia
The dress Sherri Shepard has on today on "The View" is LIFE! I need it! She looks amazing.
This next throw to first is called, Diamond Aneurysm, says Matt Garza to no one.
do it “: Do it RT Free Beer at Emo's all night! No cover. Do it. #Sxsw”
Wonderful mackerel recipe from Shiro Kashiba up on today. We love how this can so easily find a place at the Hanukkah table!
5 fingers to the face <U+270B>
HI AGAIN
#YouCuteAndAllBut the world dosent revolve around you
No, Why?
Me too!
Lmfao!!! Girl yes!!! Whatcha doing today?!
: Thanks for sharing the contest!
Jean & his horn swing :(
We felt the earthquake today in NYC!
i want to go to FCW to.
Yay finally got a new iphone cause mine broke on saturday soo happy :)
we working today?
boats 'n hoes, boats 'n hoes.
That is a total copy of a site I made for NIH in 2003.
has anyone ever told you that your cute XD
I like your bio. Smart asses are awesome.
RT if u love Starbucks!? :)
Cancel my subscription; I don't need your issues.
I have a "that's what he/she said" problem. Never know which it should be-By the time I figure it out, no longer funny.
My belly hurts now
"The only thing a position can give you is time to either increase or erase your influence." John Maxwell #Leadership =
Better introduce those boys to Coach Cal !!!! :-)
YES! Lime La Croix is delicious! Second only to Miller High Life.
Getting even only stops your blessings.
I have a lot of really great ideas.
In the kitchen whippin hard niggas know I got that sack.
Matt Croyle, creator of 'Monster', here. Just wanted to say hello!
Scdd Valentines Bout then Open Skate tomorrow! 4pm @ Romp N Roll. $5 each or $8 couples! Come join the fun!
thanks. Hope your mothers day was great as well.
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
Its true I bought my first kindle book this wknd for a class deadline, I feel filthy. Kindle is evil. See Richard Stalman: The Right to Read
It's so good!
I have the most beautiful girlfriend in the world! I love her! Happy 9 months
I think I'm in love
Anyone in Baltimore have a used bike that they want to sell? I may know a buyer.
Tour this summer with At Calvary and Solomon this summer
32,862 at the #Orioles #Rays game
Congratulations on the promotion of David Zynn to President & #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Oh gosh!!! I love them. That was so cute! Asddgghjsus
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
SUPER THURSDAY WEALTH SEMINAR APRIL 19TH Come hear from individuals who have experienced the benefits of entrepreneurship with Little Ris…
We're experiencing some technical issues with the site D: should be fixed soon we hope!
warby parker is now showing up on my AWS EC2 console
A little bit of tennis should be fun on a Sunday..
Home from downtown LA. I hate driving out there
bout to enjoy my family time
How we identify learning styles apply for choosing platforms? Does my learning style connect to a platform or delivery system?
We love all the support! We are excited for the Grand Opening of coming in October!
Are you going to the #rockies game tonight? You may need to pick up one of our Rockies jackets first! Rain is in the forecast
it has worked for me. What device are you trying to use? What network does it pick up by default?
I miss you the most! can't wait to see you hopefully sometime soon! =)
This isn't where I parked my car
speaking of the CW.
congrats...it was earned
yup, pretty funny, esp. for a NJ guy
my heart just dropped writing another senior letter. I'm really sad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Strong to Arkansas rumors starting yet?
your sense of smell dies when you're married. Just like everything else. What!?
. Gonna be some big time sleepers & busts in fantasy this yr with so much player movement. Crazy
Lol! So how are you? :D
bro continue to do great things... Next stop broadway lol
Last marking period of my high school career. This is soo unreal
You know it!
I know. I was laughing so much. Lol such hypocrites
I'm at that part of the night where I have no idea what I want to do.
Give my dog a bone and he's not really interested, but give him a q-tip and he acts like he won the doggy lottery.
RT Repurpose articles into eBooks, videos, newsletters, and more to reach new audiences. The sky is the limit!
Salsa dance is on!
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
June 12th at Frontier Field!
What is your research focus in political science? Mine is political parties and election systems.
What would you like us to do?
#TheVoice all girls' hearts go to Blake. SICK. You are STACKED with awesome girls and have some pretty sweet guys as well.
curving bullets
Even the stars they burn. Some even fall to the Earth. We've got a lot to learn. God knows we're worth it.
before we worry about inviting other schools, we need $$$, I don't care if it comes from highland middle school kids
#scalinginnovation asks #comm_college faculty: what have been your most useful collaborative & professional dvpt experiences?
what are u talking about
A second chance doesn't mean anything if you haven't learned from your first mistake.
like an hour its like closer to Manhattan
Guess what I got and you guys should too???? 's new song I Can't Breathe(; #CheckIt On iTunes
Math is...boring
We are very excited to announce the last bar on the list: Back by popular demand...we're going to Farragut's! A map is forthcoming.
well it's still technically morning at that time. what would you prefer, good day? lol
Thanks for stopping by my DJ booth !
Feeling a lil better bout u not texting me back! RT : left my phone at home. Feel naked without it. Oh well.
Blake griffin and chris humphries look so much alike.
Happy #MothersDay to the best woman I've ever known.
Why the fuck am I listening to this convo. A bunch of straight men are talking about what Disney princess they wanted to fuck?? Seriously..
I think you missed "15". :p
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie .....
vampire diaries.was ridic...I shed a tear...can' wait until the next show...woo!
#Kobing right there.
I need to stop falling asleep in my day clothes, then I just wake up so stinkin' confused.
. meet RT What charity would come and pick up some stuff i want to give away today?
20mph all the way to Cal.... Yeah, thats how i drive haha
I hope you saw 3d. Wow! I loved it too. Fern gully on steroids!
Ah... Life is funny and it makes me laugh.
The quote "Good is the enemy of Great" was the best part of The Fashion Show tonight from Bazaar Harper's editor.
Trying to crack the code for what I did after the bar last night. First clue, all of my right shoelaces are gone. I'm on the chase!
I'll be back in Los Angeles next week-if anyone needs Biz Ideas, Stories, Funny Stuff or help with Media Projects DM me.
school is hella empty for it to be 7:30
to work on his music and career
the legal side of this is fascinating. I agree--I'm sure the rules of the game will continue to change...
Happy hour starts at noon in California, Ends around 10-11pm. Biz is good, all things considered. Up and down. You?!
Already crying. fuck you The Notebook
Ready for Spring Break...but first a First Grade Dr. Seuss play to attend!
No excuses, No apologies.
It's interesting how difficult challenges don't seem so difficult when an #agile team is willing
The NHL network is great, showing the LA Kings/SJ Sharks shootout. Sharks win at 1:12am in East. Kings are good, Anze Kopitar is a stud
I believe the world has become so over populated that soulmates are just harder to find.
Hey Josh I just wanted to let you know that I loved you in the hunger games and all your other movies follow me please!! RT ?!?!
RT If you really think about it, James Earl Jones and Morgan Freeman tickling each other would be pretty much the greatest thing ever
dang, when i saw #uncharted3 trending, i thought it was referring to the awesome song..i dont even know what show that is
Hopefully, we win the next 2, and it doesn't come to that :)
beautifully, suddenly: home improvement
hah omg me to i cant wait to see the boyz ^.<3
Do you know the dates? My BFF has been thinking about renting a room in her awesome apt on First Hill.
Damn come on now! Find some energy from some where!! Shut that shit down you can do it.
CANT WAIT
Thanks to the #ACA, over 5,000 young adults under age 26 in #MN05 now have health insurance. Are you one of the 5,000? Tweet us your story!
Joh 3:17 For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but so that the world might be saved through Him.
everyone needs to follow and see what he's doing for kids with cancer. wonderful cause!!!
ITS ALL A BOOBY TRAP!
Webbie gone be in Milwaukee June 1st me and the ladies gota go!
If you are given all the signs to take action, what more does it take to get to satisfaction.
I have the most amazing family<3 they are the best support team in the entire world.
If you have ideas, please let me know!
Great idea! RT : Wondering what to post on social media? says: ask your followers what they want to see?
Stay hydrated today by joining us for All Night Happy Hour starting at 4:00pm...
#YouveDoneItToo pretended like Alicia Keys was calling you on that "You don't know my name" song!
up too early guess i just smoke dis purp
I'm in a store called Cowpokes and I've never seen so many cowboy boots in my life!
MOM: I like your pimple. I think it's very becoming. (ME: [aside] yea, ok mom.).
The fact that I can be so far from home and still get so much work done shows how far we have come. So easy to remain connected/productive.
bruh I get half the shyt they get bruh u would faint if u seen how meny polos they had in the closet
We hope everyone is having a safe and productive Spring Break!!! Make sure to keep the children involved so they stay out of trouble!!!! :)
Oh, that's cool.
HEY!! RT : I was informed by you to tweet you #UCTour Hi Shayna & company!
I mean, I can smile, and text other guys, but you're always in the back of my mind.
Worth every penny RT : HBO Sports got 1.5 million pay-per-view buys for Mayweather-Cotto, generating $94 million in revenue.
if you aren't following yet, Please Do!
#MolonLabe Sat. in Lincoln, NE. Very happy with the boys thus far. Knock down the wall brick by brick, get yourself a bigred brick Sat
I am sitting in the back seat of my car for only the second time.... Feels weird!!
starting to crave some chili cheese fries from del taco. where's a car and driving skillz when yah need em
Haha, what a great celebration.
Old skool is so lame
Bradford at home if he's healthy, Fitz at home, Tebow @ home...anyone else I'd imagine has to be rostered or really sucks
Oh Shit, iThink Projects are Due Today?!
#chrismedina here we go brother. The moment youve been waiting for.
": Is it wrong to be drunk on Easter Sunday?" Why do you think Jesus turned water into wine..
#20ThingsAboutMe #7: I like chill/worldly/lounge-type music
The Gotham Jazzmen are off today, but will be back here swingin NEXT Tuesday, May 8 at noon!
#ConfessionNight I can CARELESS If i Have Friends! Long As I got My Fam. & Best Friend & My bae im good
I did that once with the same book!
Also, San Diego.
so freaking jealous. Have fun!
Giskin, and apps get a shout out at
reports:"Brandon Lloyd to the Rams."Guess if won't fail on his own, the Broncos will do all they can to help him.
Q6: usage down, excessive damage, redundancy, outdated, no longer fits collection policy, etc.
We'll have another email going out next week...you never know what kind of deal we might offer!
I never tweet anymore :\
I think that is too steep of a price. What do you think? 3 1st round picks and a 2nd? Wow.
I have heard alot about this place. Where is it exactly and what do you order? I am going to try it out soon!
I ain't got it like that pimp lol
it left the park fast!
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
You know what? fuck it. If you want me in your life, let me know. Bye.
lol you are awesome. Thank you!!!
You folks make a mean chili!
Take that Wilt Chamberlain! : Charlie Sheen has had sex with 5,000 women.
Adopt a puppy is more like it (no available cash). How would you pronounce #MkeNerd?
iigh come on imma spark it off
Flip-flop Mitt is rebranding himself as Mr. Consistent? Really? He could run as a poor, thoughtful, Asian woman, but that don't make it so.
MY BIG BRO ACTUALLY THOUGHT CHAD JOHNSON'S BIRTH NAME WAS CHAD OHCOCINCO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LMFAO
hmm...We're brainstorming good ideas for Park(ing) Day here at GBA. Anyone have a good idea for a Green Park(ing) Spot?
Chromo-lithographs from Duruy's History of Rome available soon!
I'm surrounded by morons.
yeah amazon most likey going to have thier cd on there thats good thing about amzon.
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the #FREE #Health & #Fitness Expo in Look for the booth!
Tweet me your tmblr name so I could follow you
As Nutter prepares budget, unions close in on 3 years without a contract Philadelphia's 12,500 nonuniformed city employees have been work
True story --> RT : Pitches need to be better articulated to stand out. What is the REAL problem that they can solve?
New shorts <U+2611>- spring time floral print fresh haha <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><U+2764>
#20ThingsAboutMe I have to listen to Jazz music on Pandora to fall asleep.
i dont no south carolina got a team
thanks Sam! It means a lot.
#TheWantedInWisconsin One Direction take notice
My thoughts and prayers are with the lowe family!
Happy Mothers Day to the Beautiful Moms out there.
This Complete EZMarketing Tool.Tell me What U Think?My E: on Dmand Webinar www.Video-TV-Email.com
happy mothers day
I use to get them in the middle of the night , they ain't no hoe foreal
perfect. I work until 4.
Wish I had gas to go! I so would
Smh I low key wanna go home
Why is Larry King tweeting about mayonnaise?
What ever happened to music with meaning? That feel good.. touch my soul , I wanna fall in love/ make love music?
Hello. #Phish changed my life
Thanks so much! I launched it just recently & appreciate the comment. :)
Shake your rump beastie boys
I feel like an anthropologist today--spending the afternoon at a engineer-dominated conference on cloud computing.
Ok course. What questions can we answer?
Hey Andre, Question does Dual Monitor View require more bandwidth that single monitor
Hi! You can join the group on LinkedIn or follow us on Twitter. We have events once per month. We would love to have you!
YES! But it's not illegal to kill roosters!
Sent from heaven! Keisha Cole
I don't even think you have to apply; it's just given as a reward for being chair
Have faith in me
“: Just drank a red bull so I can say up late and listen to and #BFFsInMyHead” yay!
Everyone Go follow !! shes new to twitter and the most amazing person ever!
Yes, will be rectifying this situation over the weekend
Gearing up for our show tonight at The Hidden Castle in Norman, we're opening for our buddies Gunship. Be there.
wasted inning there !!
Anyone making special munchies for today? ?
that happened to me at JT concert. must be a quest tradition.
Do you have any links or books for mobile web design best practices?
Our chili con queso restaurant opens next week!
Roberto Mancini is going crazy!
are we still supposed to go straight to the library for Latin?
He gas to. Ask Bob Ortegal. “: doing MAJOR control damage on the ticket. Sad 2 see him turn N2 a Mark Cuban puppet.
About to start a new project: One Choral Album a Day. Suggestions? (must be primarily choral, must be digital)
Doing double duty for MDA!
: You are quite funny. Loved London and miss it. Lived in Hampstead with the best of London's rock n roll
Off bright and early to set!
Im gone...
O don't u just love family event hah not today is gunna b hell
:) Idk if I'll make it to the conference but if I do I'll pass along any neat things I find to you!
Happy Valentines day and Go Hogs, and Go Pack Go!!
Terrible start to the 3rd. You cannot let OKC get a big lead.
All of the other program proposal processes are the divisions' and each has its own tiimeframe, deadlines, & procedures.
Congrats, Harvey! RT Cool, I'm about to reach 6,500 tweets! See the rest of my stats at Twitter Counter: twtr.to/49h2
Need someone to go to the movies with me on saturday
Smiles are contagus one leads too another
I just submitted my case, be jealous!
follow the
only when used correctly lol
My main betch comes home today!
This weekend has been draining but I am hoping that this coming week is much better.
Thanks for listening! I still love you. Especially when you keep booking Sharon Van Etten :)
I will pray that you can walk in heels quickly. May God's love and goodness be seen in your life. Blessings!
Like 5…… jk Um one downhill one freeride and one bmx, I traded my cross country bike for a motorcycle :D
"Too much car."
Spinning Live from the Clevelander rooftop in Miami Beach on www.radio4by4.com, watch me live or better yet...come by.
Having friends that can relate to you.
To pick up these broken pieces till I'm bleedin' if that will make you mine.
Early start for an exciting day shooting with ! #cannotwait!
keep your head up you are amazing and gorgeous! You are a role model to so many!<3
A joke dies. Kudos for the clean Hammer & persuasive critique of MLB. Compelling presser. RT Ryan Braun says he's never had an STD
Most of the tweets on my home page are Birthday Wishes to honestly he has one of the best fan bases in the world #Beliebers <3
my 40Glock put a big nigga to sleep tellm dream on
I was sitting here thinkin bout and then the Yoko video came #whatTHATmean ?
Cubbies game tomorrow with my fave !!!!!! EEk!!!!!
Dean! you know why I did that right
...let's do this thing tonight, baby!
The only way of erasing reminisces of the past is to create more memorable experiences. Chás This...
RT If we change how we perceive ourselves, maybe it will change how we perceive the world. original
#10ThingsIWantToBuy an underground road that is a straight shot to were I'm going
Happy Halloween!
like how u r Not following me thats y u didnt get my dm
Inventory is now available. Join our full screen interactive iPad platform located at major hotels. Ground floor opportunity.
I really wanna talk to my boo thang tho!! Lol
Chuck Norris ain't got nothin' on Patrick Swayze in a knife fight...JUST SAYIN'!
hahahaha that's funny, and very convenient for the current situation.
Still love my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
so you support getting your pay cut 1000%? Good for you! You must not like the right to vote either.
do you already use WordPress or are you new to it?
no you don't nikki! do you?):
U think they sound alike? Maybe a little...
But he had me laughin & happy
I just want to see you cause i miss you!
#10thingsthatilike 5 being one direction and 10 being food random but so true
Lady embrace your curves.....you're sexy
IKR! I did too! That was really sad!
My path is made of century old bricks, rescued from the demolished 1910 bank vault. Roses cascade over odds & ends of mismatched iron. Lucky
In the past 17 years or my schooling.. i have become quite efficient at writing a book report without ever reading the book!
I Can't Wait To See on #RipTheRunWay!!!! #Progression !!!
Follow so she can get to 1,000 followers :D!!!!!!!!!
You too?! What a game!
I wanna have a girls night out sometime real soon! Im tired of bein bored out my dame mind!
Do you think MDX should be spending so much money on landscaping highways? I don't know the numbers, but they must be real big.
I can't deal with weak ass people... I was in a 3rd world country, you wanna see stress? Misery? GO THERE! Life isnt that bad! I promise!
I failed.
It takes great love and courage to excavate buried dreams. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach
this information is from Morgan Stanley Research
listening to the rebirth
You're no good for me,but baby , I want you,I want you.
I think you meant genteel, not gentile as in non-Jewish
Wonderful visit from Ms. Doudican's Project SHARP class (Sapulpa PS). I think there may have been a future librarian or 2 in that group!
Bye twitter, ima go and cuddle up next to my mom and watch a movie. (':
It'll b incredible how much cheese & chile I will be consuming on #CincoDeMayo I'll forgo ProsRanch & ElMesquite & hit SamsClub this year.
haha YES! Definitively made my morning. Gonna try to find a 1 of those bumblebee headband things. Ill wear it for fun, at parties.
Take a hint, unconvincing pimp guy, she's just not into this whole prostitution thing!
On the way to the new Sam's...yes they have finally added another much needed adult fun thing!
wishing a very happy birthday to digital guru !
No, and we're going to roast this afternoon! It was suppose to be cloudy today. :(
Mood: Happy ;)
somewhere wolfgang schauble is laughing manically
Finally almost at 1000
dude, did you find your balls yet?
NEW look for the website check it out baltimorebocce.com.. sign ups start March 1, 2010
i'm about at the point where i say 'melt the ice. fire the coaches. trade all the players and re-boot in september.'
yeah you've lived in Pamdale your whole life?(:
Ohh Ria.. u ain't gonna move out of house. ONE bag is enough..
I unsuccessfully reported a stolen license plate. After waiting a half hour, and watch 900 police officers ignore me, I left.
yep. i totally do.
aw we wanna try it tomorrow lol
"Get off my property!" "Nan, it's just monopoly!"
"I would be warmly snow-bound in my Yosemite cabin with plenty of bread and books." -#nowreading John Muir
Didn't cut the commercial.
Im sure u do
Dont put gas today.
Sweet! Thanks for the #FF!
I got a text from that guy I dated for a hot second saying "I love, love, love Stefon" and I was like "I love, love, love you."
Evasion will get you everywhere.
Dat #Ups Package Finally Came Taday Can U Say Mo Power Fa
I tend to impress people with my card-making skills. Absolutely priceless for family
It's snowing! Come on down and grab a glass of vino and sit by the fire! Urban Enoteca 4130 1st Ave S, Seattle, WA
I love your job! How fun! Know all the words!
Yes I'm sure, just had my breakfast so ;) & haha silly girl & well let me check your background for a sec ;) xo
All four candidates criticized Walker and promoted themselves. No blows/criticisms thrown at each other yet.
Three is the best.
Not my favorite day
thanks so much, we had a great time!
#ThePersonYourTextingWithDoesNotKnowYourLying When they send you something but you just say lol and you know your not really laughing.
Taylor swift is a bad bitch
Amen MT This is my mantra Just think of how awesome the world would be if every relationship started out w/ someone helping some1
Another plate in that sink could be dangerous, but don't worry we've got you covered at www.Straight2YourDoor.com
spiteful ppl <<<
sorry P, been very busy. will email you
Watching House Bunny on Easter, this seems appropriate.
ARIANA IS OUR ONLY SHORTY THOUGH. I love you <3
Lurve Flipboard! I can see it is changing my twitter/rss habit completely
I want to follow me
Halloween or Dia de los Muertos?
Headed to Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, never been in a hurricane before...
Yeah, wouldn't hurt my feelings to see an upset, but I doubt it.
": True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient, it's about being there when it's not."
the good old invite to non-existant after parties at the house
LastKingsDesigns gone have jersey's & baseball tees?
following back:))
At the party, lets go brew crew! Hellas stuffed from the best food:)
How do you say what you're about to say differently knowing that your audience could turn it off right away asks
i produce.
....silly Kelsey....Casper's not Asian. Bahaha
but always professional <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
Just had a great lunch at Inspiration Kitchens. Sorry to miss you .
"Remain vigilant and participate at the ballot box... It's up to all of us to organize like we've never organized... And restore WI values."
MUSIC/SCORE: T-Bone Burnett and Stephen Bruton, Crazy Heart Runner-up: Alexandre Desplat, Fantastic Mr. Fox
I've stopped caring if people call me a freak. Have you been to a party in the Hills? EVERYONE there is a freak.
“ New STD called, "feelings". Don't catch that shit.”
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. -- Pope John Paul II
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. Amy Tan
Because Im About That Life .
Al winners please Direct Messege me your Address's Next GIveaway is at 1500!!!!!!
Looking for a PR pro for month long project; could lead to full time position. Interested? Know some1 that might? E: .
YES thank you!! :-) “: #NowPlaying "You Get Me" Download available on iTunes. Great stuff,,check him out.”
Depends, if its a single point of failure in a time crunch its more acceptable than code in a green pasture with no constraints
Atlanta loves your music!
I try girl!!
History Professor
hates daisy dukes and bikini's on top. Totally un-Californian. Just time for him to switch states.
Kindness is gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. -Henri-Frederic Amiel
like a spot up front? Party favors?
I'm at Hoboken Pie trying out the vegan pizza. Come on down! Red River & 8th
Good news at last!! (sorry my apartment's too small for me to sigh in relief out loud)
the white guy is a professional wrestler (Rowdy Roddy Piper)
We just performed at #capfringe2011 festival!! We had a good time. I hope you did too!!
ARE YOU READY FOR #PhlirtyFridays? Email to get on the REDUCED ADMISSION GUESTLIST!! Rt
Ive never had a problem sleeping one the plane but I am still exhausted. I have been up since 430 to catch my flight.
The UK Mockingjay release date is same as US. Sadly, the rumor of an earlier release is not true.
Where does the whiteness go when snow melts??!! <U+26C4><U+27A1><U+27A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
thanks! It's my next session--it was my fave session from last year
A succulent, fuzzy one, more like it. ;-)
A new TVD
Well when you put it that way..... lol! :) <3
Not ready for Monday!!!...
shoutout happy bd
Happy Birthday !!!
I learned a lot about the art of a good presentation. I though the doula was so powerful using one narrative as a through line.
One of my co-workers told me to be gOod over the weekend. And I told here nope I'm a
Haha oh yeah
Our thoughts are with Virginia Tech
I'm liking this place, kinda empty & the music is soft. Bar Keeper is cute. He called me lovely when asking my pleasure. One glass then home
Diamond Microdermabrasion Whitening including Whitening Serum&Gold Peel off Mask only 300 K. Info:021 31908203,3922021,087880536758.
I find it funny that some people will actually pay $$$ for followers…
"When a splitter goes down, that's good" - Tim McCarver a few years ago
Sleep over party! This is gonna be a fun night
Yesterday, we had to say "nearly 10,000 registered users on Urban Employ." Today, we can say "over 10,000 registered users!"
I love St.Josephs day.The marching parades&the Mardi Gras Indians.One of my favorite celebrations here.
Bucket seats or get in some snuggle time on a big ole bench seat?
Omg... I remember when I met #HubeyBrown in #Memphis when I was doing my intern at
Lets Start a Trend!!!! #RealNiggas!
Sometimes I wish people came with subtitles.
yep, got a bunch of those here too.. just ignore it
I get WAY too excited about making graphics in PowerPoint
toppers. Had you said toppers I would have called it in and we could have stayed and drank, dummy!
I GET TO GO HOME, school is over! That makes me so happy!
what is the meaning of 5 de mayo
*sweet not sweer i dont even know what sweer is O.o
You raised me, you paid for me to go to college. Sorry that didn't work out
Someday your prince charming will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is too stubborn to ask for directions.
My brother eats all of our food!
SOPA and PIPA are not the answer please keep the internet a place that can freely exchange information and ideas.
Day two of the #girlstourney is complete. Lakeville South moves on over Roseau by a score of 5-0.
just you wait! you usually sleep thru the good stuff. not this time!
Also The Sports Club/LA is pleased to extend three one-month memberships to Baku Sunset members.
Preparing for the league of dorks baseball draft this weekend in LV. 9 of 10 owners will fly in. Some I haven't seen in ten years
"SHUT UP were rocking out to some Jason Aldean" haha good times
Neither does Chris Webber and he's a great analyst.
Christopher Plummer delivered a great acceptance speech. Billy is kickin' it!
#NFLX Hastings: 'Incredible breadth' of library still key to appeal, rather than new releases
Right! So if I read two books a day for the rest of year, I should totally be caught up on my To Be Read list.
lmfao ikr u can tell her ass is fake her hips were movin but her ass cheeks weren't ahaha
Shame to see Carp be the final out. #Mariners were awful and will get the 3rd pick. Definitely made the most outta the year.
Needs to get back to his acting and writing career. Got caught up in my current job and it's not what I love doing.
Quality pocket awareness from Rex Grossman.
Women should know the secret to a man's heart is through his stomach.
That's called reconnaissance.
Sorry to anyone who got tweeted about weight loss crap. A follower had their acct hacked
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Marcos!
We hear you talking, but no one is listening. Everything you've said and have to say has already been said. So, what's the point?
hello pork chops
Same nigga that I always been
Trouble by Coldplay . learn it . play it
Long work day, tired
i once had a child come into the library and her name was Azriel. This girls mother named her after SATAN.
We're waiting! Can we request "Under the Sea"?
Wtf my twitter keep saying forbidden when I try too follow people back - O_o !( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> )
- WOW! Super interesting and ironic! Thanks a lot, sir! I think I would say I am in boat 3 on this one… What do you think doc?
RT : This presentation is egg-citing!
a former colleague who works in the bldg now says it's biden
Nothin like listenin to In The Ghetto by Elvis in the mornin driveB
Live TwitChat w/ at #SuperBowlMkting. Talk #SB45 /ads/ endorsements. #OctFC Send questions and join in!
is a follow to much to ask? xx 4
Monday, Monday, Monday...let's do this.
that's very generous of you.. I find them all shrill & a bit panicked.. A symptom of hyperbole addiction.. Sad.
I use to b a LeBron fan, but dat Nigga is a bitch
That is a seriously talented school! So much hard work & dedication by all...so good to hear!
Like, three people today have told me that my hair is pretty :) Lovin' it!
He uses twitter so little I don't even know his name yet...
Dagga Dagga mic check!!! Swing through on a whim, on a bike, on a magic carpet. Weez eezy babeez.
“: hell yeah.. Cause he's a bad ass! #southernthing #rockonbaby” what would be a "good" ass?
i need a massage, like badly!
we have had scholarships open to grad students. just not this one.
Wait...tonight's the NFL draft?
Someone farted in my yoga class while downward facing dog. Totally wrecked my
I was being funny...I will def check em out. RT : It was a book first. There are three books I believe. SO GOOD.
HELP! I have a great little book, "The Seasoned Personality". Having a hard time selling. Humbly asking for your HELP!
Two Trailer Park Whores go Around the Outside, Around the Outside, Around the Outside ! #EminemMoment xD
Going to be playing some cash game action tomorrow.
It's not too bad! I like it!
Hope you sleep tight and dream of more than just sheep ;)
Simply gorgeous. The workmanship from the seventh century is unbelievable.
hope today is a blessing because lastnight wasnt </3
That was ambush radio at its finest. I stopped listening at the break. He wouldn't let you answer anything. What a douche.
I know a Director who would disagree. She thinks the"real" part is just that. Real emotion is what Actors should observe.
Time to go to the new dentist...who happens to be a past client. He'll be sticking sharp objects in my mouth...hope he likes his house!
I don't steal. Anything. Ever. I have way too strong of a guilty conscience. Plus anything i'd want I could just buy...
In addition to our downtown dining specials, we're offering a free appetizer buffet during our happy hour!
what was the first song you learned on guitar?
informally outline ideas or quickly write down words that come to mind
“: Right-to-Work means Right-To-Get-Screwed-By-The-Radical-Right.”
Who's up to go to a white sox game this summer?
when do I become mayor of threatville?
Follow for me?:)
It bothers me that a street-cleaner trucks or similar vehicles that drive like 5mph aren't using hybrid technology already.
love making music and love
monetizing 1 trillion in debt and only talking to the press about his NCAA bracket
Tomorrow night! Workshop with Anna Mikhed AND a social! What could be better?!?!
*smiling and waving* I'm awesome! How r u?
I swear to god my intentions were gold
By the way...taxes done (as well as balancing check book and other bookkeeping)! Gettin a refund. Winning!
Q2: Should we as ux designers push more sites to create mobile optimized versions? Why or why not?
I got Merle, Willie, George Jones and friends on the box Rollin to Austin for
There is now a liquor store and a beer/cheese shop in the shopping center with my gym. Vertical integration, fuck you.
Oh, so that's where Kid Cudi has been hiding...
In a meeting discussing art installations. Fun stuff.
Thanks, Chip! I'm in good company. “: congrats on the new gig with !”
im so sleepy idk why
Sorry..from BattleofAtlanta &PKA; our admin assisting JerseyGirlCouture & mistakenly sent info to our contactgroups . Pls forgive!
I'll be at the bullfrog tonight in Redford, tv 20 new show called shame or fame live recording tonight. You should be here. let's go tigers!
Aw man, would I LOVE to be at this hockey game right now.
seriously missing you right about now
: In BK hatching a master plan with and
Getting 5 miles in before work this morning. But on a treadmill. It's cold in WI!
hi there! I'm so glad you are interested in voice & accent mod! Keep checking back, I should have my website up soon.
Wow, that's a beauty. Can't wait to see what you make with it. :)
staying up all night would have been productive if i spent it actually doing something....fuck.......school
hm...I may have a couple quarters over here for you if need em...I think that Super Vac at the car wash is like $.75...LOL!
On my last tweet... the profound neglect of men and our justice system towards the wickedness of rape didn't happen in OT see Genesis 34
RT This company does awesome acid stains on floors and pool decks etc. Great on to follow www.AcidStainer.com
Umm, no charges against Bernie Fine! Travesty.
I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life, If I die next Tuesday.
Thank you for the breakfast & dvds. you made getting up at 7am worthwhile.
I'm a poet and I write lines deeper than tha grand canyon, as I get higher than tha tip of Mount Everest!
Bill has passed.
Good night for a beer on the roof.
Second math test in a row I was done first.
Need a cup of tea, just instantly makes me warmer.
I pass by some class room and see a bright ass teal head. Oh yeah that's :D
Thanks for the #FFs and ! Have a great Saturday!
My last final today, stoked!
Hear via my last tweet aka
Hi, I'm super depressed. Thanks for adding to my self hatred.
Power music? What music fuels your run?
I'm personally not a fan of that airpark. Whitted is the better airport.
Thanks for the #FF love : )
Very cool idea. Mind sending us more details at ?
KLM LAW GROUP W/ SOUTH FLORIDA TIMES presents: South Dade Father's Day Celebration 2012 JUNE 6TH!
I am so speechless at how creepy this situation is.
much appreciated Rhonda; you also have a fab day
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> how do yall think i feel lol
Loving the Tempted sing along...the #squeeze concert is fantastic and they sound amazing!
Whats g ma, i hope you having a good Friday so far...
We're having a neighbrhd event in your area this Weds, we'd love to have parents who live there at event to share perspective
Relieved are safe and sound in TN and OH! Now... hoping for minmal damage with family in TN! xx
! Sending our deepest gratitude and love your way! Your support means so much to us! Thank you, sister! You are making waves!<3
Check out our new Boston apartment videos @ YouTube.com/ProperRG. Request apartments to be filmed!
Where can I get the best deal on a flight between san Diego and las Vegas?
big ten network sucks... no one cares about uofm basketball
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action. - Benjamin Disraeli
oh gosh! lol swag daddy.
Well i guess it's true laughing is contagious.
You know what i mean! Smh RT : seriously needs to fix this spam stuff... Been goin on for to long
I'm back, baby.
Who would u rather help w your household or business budget\investment? One knows growth or 2 keep spending? #Romney or #Obama?
OHMYGOSH. you have the BEST taste in guys. is so attractive.
What kind of idiot signs up and starts trolling a timezone database maintenance mailing list? Wtf people.
It counts to me too lol.
John Travolta gets right to the point!
Sure ! ^-^ ill check out their music !
Yes I do, it rocks!
We're looking into it! Looks like a pretty fun game. Seems like Sim City with extra personality.
5am her and im full ofg stash
Good night everyone there will be the smell of breakfast waiting in the morning and tht splash of sunlight will just make it even better!
yeah I know I heard!
I can't wait for Thunder!
Researchers present a shiny new tool for imaging biomolecules At the heart of the immune system that protects our bodies from disease and
hey Dallas I know we haven't talked in a while just wanted to say hello
If you need beats cam I got you, all types, I do PR and I make logos/mix tape covers, HMU IF U WANNA DO BUSINESS MY DUDE
Ugh. #Facebook looks different again. Twitter, you are the new constant in my life.
Good morning tweeps ! : )
#FF great insights are gained by following
Poor Sammy :( and jack. Emily belongs with jack not Daniel
try power cycling the cable box (unplug and replug from power outlet)
Thank you for this. RT Truth is stubborn. Our nature, our secret hearts can only hide for so long. ~ UP FROM THE BLUE
RT : Every day of your life is preparation for the next - what seeds are you sowing today?
ha! Sure! I just need to get a bike :)
All about Bon Ivor right now. Is everybody else over his angelic falsetto by now?
for a little R&F investigation at a home on Chappy
knew that pne was real!:) I subscribed u!:) RT? Follow? :) LOVE YA!<U+2665>
is steeped in production contracts, scheduling, travelling, and hitting the bull's eye...
took me almost two hours to get to dulles airport. now leaving at 730 for an 11 am flight doesnt seem like overkill
#MorningMotivation Never doubt that a small group of committed citizens can change the world - M. Mead
Ok, 2 miles down while listening to Cecilia Bartoli singing Bizet. Exquisite and surreal at twilight!!
At least Romney allegedl bullied dudes.
I like how earlier I was so tired I could pass out and now I'm not tired at all. What is my problem?
"End of the Road" by Boyz II Men is in my head. Haven't heard it for years.
re CrowdStrike. Fight snake oil with snake oil!
his back hurt already?
Todays weather is awsome but on a monday seriously
Also: nervous about the Man of Steel movie and Henry Cavill's look reminiscent of 90s-era mullet Superman.
just a Reminder about Sunset Island Music You can follow us at www.twitter.com/sunsetimusic and www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
Morning y'all ;)
we love you more mama <33
It's quite ironical that more teenagers watch Mad Men (set in the 60s) than old people (especially those who grew up in the 60s)
this just made my day :)LOL
Love this idea, when you start looking at nonprofits, is a great one, but I am slightly biased ;)
Man idiots like that make me shake my head. I don't blame athletes for not being on twitter when I see hate like that.
The old m and m connection!!! Go giants!
Im looking for females that can bring 5 other females out to the club every thursday friday and saturday for free and get paid
Everywhere is full of nerds. We just feel safe here ;)
can i write with gasoline on your drive way and light it up ?
Thanks for the warning. We're locking up all the Bud Light and "trim" now.
if i won id like to peek under the hood to learn from a theme i liked.
Hahahaha! Well it is known that The Prophet (pbuh) was an ardent lover of cats. He would often give sermons with his fav cat.
Wanna get a tweet from he's the best and I love him and his family
Who's having a #greathairday today? Share your photos with us!
in a word. nah.
what kinda girls do u like?
What up folks!
Thanks Julie Marie for a great session on organizing your E-mail!!
C-wood! A-Rodg! Grant! Da pack!!!! Wow!
Why you gunna act like that ?
we're big fans of and
Wow. This is complicated. Slow go this show.
Remembering those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Thank you.
I won't stop now!
Mets Win, Rangers Win, Rays Win...that is all. Goodnight tweethearts <U+2764>
thats y i said how much would u charge cuz for it lol n i know but i aint got time to do a photoshoot for all the otha pics
You were looking pretty darn cute but you disappeared. Great pirate outfit ;)
Oyeee I love a new phone but learning how to use it is ridiculous bligh :p
is not going to downtown poundtown?
Its all good!
Hey hun, thanks for following. we'd love to connect
we are good for now, but will keep you in mind for the future for sure! thank you.
Still looking for a job? Come to our Resume and CV workshop tomorrow at 3:30 in Zimmerman Library, B30. See you there!
I got.to fucking blown yesterday!!
Wait till I get home, damnit! lol
Working on my personal branding. New business cards, new resume. Getting around to the blog.
Not near a TV but glued to my #twitter to see all the best #eredcarpet looks! Maybe a #redcarpet hair video next week perhaps.
FREE Moscato til 11 at #NOTTE!!!! Ladies come enjoy a couple glasses on us #MME=Swag
The new wine pairing features sure are a hit! If you haven't checked us out yet - you are missing out!
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
Watchin Dmx and his wife tryin too reconcile on this tv show. X use too be my dog but #Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
no D;
but like right now dude i feel like taking over the world or having like the best yolo day today
well.. The lyric would be "Mississippi Beauty" but.. We can change it to that, I'm ok with that.
THIS! RT : Wearing white for
Happy birthday to
Oh yeah? Nice. Thanks for checking it out!
don't forget losing Salisbury
slacker! Lol just kidding. I was fortunate to go to both and i watch the DVDs a lot :-)
Out of leftovers? Come to us and have a Turkey Day Calzone. It rules.
Haha heat fans. SHUT UP!!
...said several thousand laughing Rangers fans as they logged on to StubHub.
giving me a complex now...but she's the only one who has mentioned anything
flips her lid at #CA52 DNC Delegate vote when she sees an opponent's signage. Verbal abuse and intimidation ensues.
In the New Music Spotlight, Hear the 1st SOLO SONG from Kix Brooks (w/Joe Walsh) since Brooks n Dunn at 8pm!
I watch ur show everyday, love u girl :)
ME TOO! 30 Rock, chocolate cake, glass of wine, and uke practice.
see you there
If the shoe don't fit..don't wear it
hey! I see you on the anime cons mailing list :D
ooh was it good?
Just staring at my comp screen waiting for 4pm.
I want to say thank you to all the actors out there who really give it their all you rock and you WILL MAKE IT!
Doors of opportunity open to those who continually knock, keep knocking and the doors will open!!!;)
Billy Martin's record as a Yankee manager was 556 wins, 385 losses, two AL titles and one world championship.
Very True #AriaaQuotes When the voice inside your head and heart speak, LISTEN:)
yea after you
I have yet to see any prblm—however complicated—which, when looked at in the right way, did not become still more complicated —Poul Anderson
Blue Venom my new FAV
At #ad:tech NY? Don't miss Fanscape CEO at the Marketing to Teens and Millennials: Creative Showcase of Digital Success Stories session
can hardly wait to see them! It's the
Thanks to the dudes in for hanging with us! Fun show!
I heard you were a wild one ;)
whats up? How was the show?:)
Hi, Lacy. I'd like to RSVP for tonight's #MF. Thanks!
Happy birthday,
RT Electing Santorum would solve our immigration problem but create an enormous one for Canada.
“ Jus gotta order my shoes den I'm done”
Rivers Monroe will be having a contest so fans can win some REALLY COOL STUFF. This will happen soon, so stay tuned RM fans! -RM
DO U KNOW ANY 1 DOING DJ HOST ON MIXTAPES IM TRYING TO GET A HOST ON MY TAPE
yes u r! imma wear my jb shirt tat day
How's ? He's jealous why Simon don't called him to be a judge, maybe in the next season if Brit & Demi didn't renew the contract
New business idea...vegan food for travelers. There is no vegan friendly food in airports! Thanks for the idea
Its the presidents of the united states of america at #bestofseattle2010. What'll they think of next?
“: Don't forget to enjoy your families, the outdoors, and depressurize this summer #flipclass”
I could talk myself into Aubrey O'Day.
ARE YOU TELLING ME MY STUFF OFFENDS YOU haha
Need a boo for a movie this weekend, 1st time i'm off thur, frid and sat! say Word
We're taking time to update our own #socialmedia strategy today. Is your company adhering to a realistic, measurable strategy?
how did your Angels do??? Its funny you only tweet when they win
thx for follow, returning favor, peace {^_^}
Ur Dallas on Austin and Ally? I love ur character ! (:
no ma'am she is trying out for cheer
Thinking Ruthven. RT : so which member of the Fantasic Four gets to ride the pine and never see the pitch again?
AY BAY BAY
Lebron said that games aren't won or lost on the free throw line....um yes they are. Lol
We all packed up and ready for my weekend with mike
Hey software thought leaders...the first 5 replies to this tweet will get $100 off a two day pass to ALM Chicago.
Instant addict: trying to devour the entire podcast library in one go.
It helps but the Jazz have a bright future and they TRADED AWAY their star.
Whether it's work or school
CREATURE opens SEPT. 9th!
Washington Redskins 28 Baltimore Ravens 21 End Of 3rd #redskins #ravens #nfl (Via )
Tip of the day: If you want to make music but you dont know how then alls you got to do is hire a professional music maker.
okay bye everyone! see you at 3pm<U+2665>
Absolutely! We got a lof of work to do in this hip-hop and education thang. And thanks for the shoutout on the Trayvon essay!
A fabulous and special #FF to ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLFRIEND! xoxox
Looking forward to the #LittleBrownJug mini-site to go live tomorrow!
Fight on in one room--Luther playing in the other--one foot in both rooms
my fav show ever
i love cute guys! <3
lol, I don't think is bad after all. Band members wear them at shows so yeah!
#5ThingsICantStand My crush, Ben Richards, Girlfriend
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS, #RT PLEASE
Boys, if all of you don't look like Calvin Klein models, don't expect us all to look like Victoria Secret models. <3
that would be tight but i wanna know what are the specs of the iphone 5 before i get hype
If you want to live with all I have to give I need to feel true love or it's got to end
Another easy-content tip: G+ hangouts-on-air allow you to livestream & then record to Youtube (soon to be avail for everyone).
“: I would pay more for an iPhone if it were made in the U.S. #iEconomy” <-- I would.
If I had a dog...and lived in the Austin area...he/she would certainly be spending time They ..."love dogs for a living!"
First time I met him I was like wow... this kid needs to lay off the caffeine. Bo Jackson is hilarious
Rooms should be timeless. Sister Parish
- thanks guys
I WILL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT IF YOU REPLY TO THIS. LITERALLY ANYTHING. :) <3
talking bout ur commentary last night with friends today; gave lots of us chills! Nice job!! It's a talker today.
SAP takes on Oracle in database war
“: Words never spoken: "Well, I finally have enough clothes", said the woman.” I am saying it now I have enough clothes!!!!!!!
": Too tired to fap even."no such thing
Bagels and sandwiches are good though...try Park St branch, it has a better vibe.
you (and me) need a tub of frosting with a few bites of cake on the side
so why is it still in the Bible? And what do gay people have to be saved from? Themselves?
thank you!!
I ain't hatingg lol .. What would my name be if i was jewish ? lol
I don't think you have anything to worry about ;-) Besides, the flight to LA is pretty short. I'd commute!
Exactly. RT : New motto: Chill the f--- out.
ite whatever then since you wanna play this game again.
should be officially retired, he deserves that honor
off to the Black Room tonight to pick out a top for tomorrows Heavy Metal tribute shoot
Double Rainbow!
Is the #Brewers Game on the radio in Milwaukee?
That's his turd face.
good jazz xylophone is the shit!
Thank you, Mike! RT : Good luck to all our friends at for the show in Miami and to for his seminars!
for what it's worth - USAA is totally great. and they have amazing customer service.
So did I. Feel great. Now it's time for bed.
I love how Daniel Murphy is a trending topic hes been my man since he joined the Mets in '08.. about fuckin time others recognize greatness
Thanks for your fantastic voting tool and impressive technology that allowed us to win the #launchfest Pitch Competition!
What part of town are you in? , , , or might be nearby.
I'm a little lamb who's lost in the woods. I know I could always be good to one who'll watch over me <3
LOLOLOLOL ya I like that
Update #icma11...waters st is the place for food and drinks!
VIBE 's New Interview With New Boyz On VLN TV! VIBE sat down with the group New Boyz for a detailed breakdown of what defines their music
I see 75 wins on that schedule.
We follow !
#ILikeObamaCare because America belongs among the nations that look out for their women, seniors, children, and sick. We ALL deserve this.
gotta take care of yourself Miss J!!! Even though you looking good on the outside don't mean you gotta neglect the inside ;))
YOU'RE A STAR!
Well not if don't want to... Fair warning though our kids will be Pacers and Tigers fans
The work never stops in this biz ...
hey ask the iconic boyz hold old r all of them!!??
Im asking my twitter fam to tell at least one person about #DonnieBalboa...I want people to hashtag it...I'd really appreciate the love
Aww. It's nice there in the summer. But only for a week or so.
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner - Rapid City Journal
Two people in my timeline are drinking Grain Belt Nordeast. I have cool pals.
I'M PRETTY SURE THIS IS THE FIRST WEEK OF MAY.
The big picture is purposely obscured.Divisive issues create disillusionment and apathy.Freedom is the central striving of sentient beings.
Yea for ! We have cooling.
Oh I love the chit chat at the doctors office.
I wonder if we're thinking the same thing.
I have a coupon for Nutella and I'm not afraid to use it.
Rolling to #drupalcon with to the Dever base camp for
RT McMillan pregame surprisingly says Camby is "weeks" away from returning from left knee surgery. Hm. I heard much earlier
Atty for Escondido bomb maker says client is a "broken man" who is "very humble,very remorseful, extremely apologetic."
Great Harden's Beard!
Good question. I worked for a place that used NIH grants to make Web sites that no one ever saw.
Wow u guys are all in synch ( ),either that or there's a secret quote competition going on :)
#ThatAmazingMoment when you get your boyfriend to like Ghost Adventures <3
Our website is really laggy today due to the extra traffic from article. We're working with to try to improve this!
That awkward moment when you turn to look at someone and they're already looking at you.
BiTCHES WANNA LAY ME DOWN
Is it to late to drink redbull?
Thanks for the follow!! Happy New Year!
#HonestTweet I miss having someone to be intimate and best friends with. Fml.
if I go today I will drop dead on the tredmil.
It's SAM! Claire hasn't been on this in ages. I miss her :(
Very loud when came on...
student talking about how social sharing is still a mess. Give users way to receive awards for social support.
So i guess im just the worst person in the world, im mot humble, im not compassionate, and im arrogant... Wow, so what does that say abt you
Stopping by at 6111 Kirby to see what they have going on this afternoon. They have great Eco-friendly products you'll love!
Awks moment when my followers don't talk to me anymore cause I haven't been on in forever, well I missed you guys :*
HOWDY omg plzz give me a SHOUTOUT cuz i really need more followers
New video coming soon for our first single, "You Will Not Fail" from the upcoming album.
Glad we chose Paul Qui's Uchiko to celebrate 's birthday... The James Beard 2012 Southwest region winner! Cc:
and then we learn from the mistakes we make brother
big ol' jet airliner PDX <U+2708> SFO
I Love this quote: “You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
my dad was a WWI & WWII vet discharged after Korea. Never joined VFW or legion, never thumped his chest.
With all The Hunger Games news on E! and Jennifer Lawrence on Chelsea just got me antsy about tomorrow.
Teacher: what do you wanna be when your older Me: a fucking doctor! Teacher: you gotta do better in math Me:...fuck that shit!
This weekend is about to be hecka fun . (:
Lunch time... Baja Salad anyone?
would be mine too! I've been looking for one everywhere.
white woman is expert on black people. ok
#nccetl not about teaching technology skills but integration into teaching and learning
probably created the aliterations - though can't think of any that I might have had for public consumption
yo u still got them new pics u said u had of u dunkn bouta make the FRESH ENT. COVER
My height. You asked what I was "up to?" 8P
I know the deadline stated on the link says Friday, but we're extending it until 8pm EST... just in time for the Grammys :)
The Welcome to Paradise Tour has like three shows left. Maybe next tour
follow me back? :)
you were so restrained about that answer!
ITS OFFICIAL, today is the first day of Spring! Enjoy it :)
yeah haha btw my hammy is better so we need to get to the rec center soon to ball
the color-matching on the lipstick shots is incredible!
Who is the administrator for this account?
Repetition can make something complicated become second nature
Billboard I just read: "Make a promise to your family this new year...Get tested for Hepatitis B." #wtf?
<close to finishing a project. Then a relaxing weekend!
because you're afraid you'll slice it, toast it and butter it?
. things will get a lot more affordable in SF after the next tech crash
*she* is really see
Off to help put a great man, husband and father in the earth. David Boyd RIP
Oh no those Angry Birds hangovers are killer! :/
Just discovered that bibimbop makes a very satisfying vegetarian meal
an easy-out from his engagement to the she-man. Boom.
Right Hand INSIDE the WAIST Walther P22 leather holster.
yup! but you're in good hands with the rest of our mke team! great things in the works :) RT permanent move?
Feelin the itch for a roadtrip
GET SOME ciroc
You now realize that it's 4 am and you're reading about the taxonomy of capybaras on Wikipedia.
PayPal is awful
Unless some sweetness at the bottom lie, who cares for all the crinkling of the pie?
hope you get to your destination safely! Let me know if you wind up in KC for any amount of time.
thank you Sean! Much appreciated!
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book
I know I'm getting old because people six days younger than me are talking about how old they're getting.
. is clutch for the ! Great goal to send it to OT. Also had GW vs. Calgary recently. Go #peskystars!
Thinking about having a party soon(:
My boy
Let's go San Fran!!!!
Send your pics to TopekaHigh2002 (at) gmail dot com please and thanks!
Great discounts really help the budget.
All we got again this system is the S-WORD! Sharpen your S-WORD and go to WAR!
Sorry last picture I posted was quite explicit, and nasty as ----!
Prayer is natural and almost spontaneous when compassion grows in the heart... Prayer belongs to the compassionate believer~
RT : You have 9 seconds to capture interest of your customers
Why is it I can post all day on Facebook, but when it comes to Twitter draw a blank?
If there was a #instagramjail would def be in it.. Stop postin all them damn pics
she's having quite a personal and professional experience. happy 4 her - she takes it one day at a time. :)
Alright...think I'm going to bed.
What's with this spontaneous insomnia return crap?
I just found a person impersonating as me on twitter and sending sick messages to news organizations and the president. Calling the police.
Dear Personal Trainer: thank you for my complete immobility and combined backache today. Arrghh!
That awkward moment when the person you're texting stops replying and you think its because of something you said.
It was great to catch up with last night!
I nominate Hillary Clinton for president, #US 2012.
Thanks for joining our community - for questions or a no-cost consulation, give us a call - (972) 905-4447.
why bro what happened?
OMG, watching that again, I cannot restrain myself from LOLing. Love ya Al!
You may not be perfect in some ways- but many things can't be perfect without you.
Describe in one word the ideal communication system to the people that are important to your success.
Great video! Can relate a lot!
Painted my nails~~~.
It looks like a white Christmas is out of the question in Milwaukee.
that's Kimmel.
Hoping my bracket gets busted tonight. Go Hoosiers!!!
Listening to the rain
love you too meesey!! <U+2764>
Yea, that's the dark side of MSG. I have friends who are very allergic, so I always try to avoid it when eating out.
When I think about you, I think about 17 <3 Funny how a melody sounds like a memory:) #eric church
I will never forget you, your smile, your laugh, your voice or your touch. Go fly with the angels and may your spirit be free
Have you or anyone you know been to #Argentina or #Scandanavia ? Let me know. I'm hoping to go soon :)
Danny Green lookin like he back at UNC lol
or use the hotbot.
WOW Thank You! Back 2 you!!! RT : #FF <- Loyal, Friendly, Caring, RTs, Engages. Find her, follow
Thanks for the follow! We hope you have a great day!
Why mf'ers always post shit like other people never do it? You just got exposed to the remainder of the world... Many been in & around it.
Havent been at TV station this early since my days at FOX 4
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it"
I got another libretto today -getting closer to a final decision for next year's #musical! I promise it'll be boring and you'll all hate it.
Up like its the thing to do!
Sorry i Cant B yo Valentine this yr.
Maybe it was a twitter glitch. Twitter randomly dropped a bunch of people I followed and heard it happened to others.
Summer 2012; long boarding. Surfing. Beach everyday. Best friends. 's mixtapes to my beach playlist. CS concert.
Very much agreed.
I hate when people give me the run snub
Thank you for following us! :) RT : is on Twitter. Yay and Yum!
oh boy
You on your grown woman but till talking behind peoples back thats that grade skool shit
what's good? How u been bro
At Tractor Tavern About to see Scarlet Room! I love this band!
No, it's a good thing. Thank you.
ok this is the group of ppl living w/ disabilities that got arrested for protesting Ryan's budget last yr in DC again this week.
Went down two followers! This is crap! How can I solve this dilema!?
This isn't real
Alyson Williams ticket giveaway today at 3 at Facebook/BluesAlley
You are the result of 4 billion yrs of evolutionary success. F*cking act like it. Don't know where this originated, but it makes me smile.
Get better man! Hope everything went well.
Well, tomorrow is the big day of placement tests. Not like I haven't used my mind for intelligent thought in a long time. Nbd.
proves that paper is a rag
I've been having such a good day today. Hope everyone else is, too. :)
agree!! Pretty McPrettyface!
Where's the story about you headbutting someone. I wanna read that! Bit about the cyclists is funny. Especially the parents.
thomas can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
I think so too! Sending out some more info and hoping a little Twitter and FB might help raise some more MOney!
Silent scream...It operates like a slingshot that re-sets automatically by design. Magnetic fields are the power source.
A special thanks to for talking baseball this afternoon ....
Going to bed. Got to be up 4:30 in the morning for work
Nothing like eating sugary cereal at 3am watching Dr. Drew interview the Dr. who prescribed Anna Nicole Smith her drugs.
When you like 5 and have a curfew on talking on the phone.
Thanks!! I like being
What are you reading or writing this fair Sunday?
Its goin down! Got my war paint on!! Fb we comin for u 2 take our joy back! Lmao!
every walk into your kids room and get an instant headache and then walk out because it's not your problem! Not today my little sunshine.
wouldve been weird if he was drinking a Cheerwine.
have u gone on a road trip with the wee one?
Answering the door with cigarette and martini in hand. Trick R Treat.
come to club staus bro!!
U need to stop drinking vodka......24/7!!!takin advantage of freinds who actually care abt u!!!yur life isnt that bad!!!otrs gt it>>
without you, Enchancers wouldn't have existed, the bullet would just be a bullet, and Oklahoma would still just be a state.<U+2764>
Anyone attending the NCSS Conference this weekend in DC? Would love to meet folks.
Happy birthday ! ( :
Buying mother and daughter Pandora charms for mom on Mothers Day.
#GirlsWithNoAss DONT TAKE IT TO THE HEART... ITS JUST TWITTER lmfao
Definately not close in this hoot contest.... I'll perform at eventually.....
I wanna c avengers!!!!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!! Call me, Email me or Please see my website: …
He wasn't ready to play!
Great to meet all of you. My wheels are spinning!
Austin they are so busy i have called 85 times =,( im giving up..
yo Liz I can't wait to see you do your thing #AllFemaleFightCard its about time!
Follow the role of "Jayme" in #PrettyLittleThings played by Will McMahon
Got iphone cases for sale
showing love make sure you check out the capital city cowboys sat vs the virginia storm 7pm benson NC C#40 CWO
Congrats on the JL contest! U r awesome! We'd love 2 know what u think of Secret Skwirl. We need to find these guys. Cheers!
dont do the bob !!!
very true and see ur point but this isn't about the team. It's about the player (bigger story here)
#YesSir! RT : #Taurus are motivated to work toward goals & love to see them achieved.
Don't let lost keys ruin your weekend plans! 20% off unlocks today! Call 503-241-4922, today & mention Facebook or Twitter !!
I am def thinking about it ;-)
"you read me like an open facebook account"
Clerks is still a classic movie
#overheardala RT : Overheard on Bourbon Street: "So he played these electro-clash porno tracks..." "Oh hey, are you guys librarians?"
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Toshiba Thrive 7" Android Tablet (at1s5t32) With 32gb Internal Storage,
really..? well I just want you to see our frustration.. the #MLS is on the rise! Hope you make it out to the playoff game
If your my 500th Follower i"ll give u a S/O
Pioneering American photographer William Klein to get Sony achievement honours: The pioneering US photographer w..
Maryland AG appeals DNA ruling
Big shift away from back driven processes of design to predict to now investing in reacting real time to meet needs of consumers
Question 4: If you have a family member that you can't stand, are you still obligated to spend time with them just cus they are family?
Sorry to hear it. Have fun at DragonCon!
YO people hit me up if info is needed, i need assist keep in mind, relevant stay happy humble confident
While the Big Boss is at Miller Park today you should all take advantage of the $12 pizza special at Emerald City Catering 414-762-8866
Movie wit mom, hope it's good.
My #fridayreads choice is due to I love this book & my son is learning Russian and I want to go over this book with him (required reading).
2nd CITIZEN: Peace! let us hear what Antony can say.
#BoilerUp RT : With #Purdue winning today to improve to 32-6 & Kentucky losing, Boilers' .842 winning % now leads the nation
I really want to do a cover on Boyfriend by: ! He would do great.
Hi l love us imagine but need to be more specific
What's with the one game opening series between the #Cardinals n #Miami , a one game series??? Makes no sense
I already miss
were watching the astronaut movie
Glad to hear life is treating you well! Cheers!
Back from the &NOW Conference of Innovative Writing. Preparing papers or presentations for &NOW Paris, Louisville Writers Conference, Conf…
noope they broke up a year or two ago lolol
., I think you did the Pope mighty damn proud tonight. Congrats on your awesome new releases!
Will be riding the LA Metro all day on Sunday! #GoSuperBowl!
everyday is a battle...
Wind farm planned for Mass will prevent 5000 asthma attacks according Army Corps of Engineers.
You are going to use MORE slides than would in physical classroom. Rule of thumb every 3 minutes need an engaging activity
Discovery Channel AND MTV Real World are coming to IB next month for the US Open Sandcastle Comp!
oh yeah I love penis!!
not yet
It's hard to trust someone when everyone you ever opened up your heart to has let you down and pushed you away...
Lol at saying that Semih Erden is the cousin of
they're all old cheesy and 90s but anything off oh aaron haha, such a good album:') wbu
I'm just out here watching airplanes
Yeah, he's pretty solid. What makes him potentially valuable is he can also punt.
need help for ideas for a youtube video. any help? thankss <3
in our dreams
Dirty bike cops. Never trust a man on 2 wheels.
We're wishing mothers everywhere a day full of love, family, friends, kindness,good health and relaxation. Happy Mother's Day.
Have a good one!
Day 1 of the 2012 National Sports Forum has been a huge success! Great speakers and topics on today's agenda.
fuck blunts there a waste of money papers only
Yes. Last year Bin Laden was killed on my birthday. This year I'm hoping for a Kardasian.
Looking for recommendations for sore joint relief?
Yea, or a story about somebody named Angela lol.
The Hunger Games round 3! I LOVE this movie!! (:
getting my daughter ready for her TV pilot being shot in the am
We rode by your house last night. Not the pack whizzing by but the group that looked like bad news bears
now that's what you called a high-C drink! Lol
I love drinking in the morning! Merry Christmas everyone and take the Pack minus the points tonight!
Yup .. My ghost is staring at me right now .. I can feel eyes on me .
I miss and Saito bridging the game from starters to closer(s) #brewers (Loe, Dillard, Veras, McClendon... UGH)
But I need to get out!
"We can be bitter about our handicaps or we can be happy about our blessings." William Arthur Ward
Designing my sound creation user interface in Photoshop. I've been keeping Steve Jobs' sense of taste in mind as I have been working...
YES but I have to realize I am never gunna go out with them I will always be an iconiac
Everyone please join me in welcoming to Coincidentally, hell is really cold and pigs can fly tonight. This is HUGE!
We were voted Best of the Knot this year. We are so excited and proud of our staff.
O my god I cant believe I gotta go to work on Wednesday
LOL he was fined for posting a pic of the lady he is dating on Twitter? Wow.
thats cool i like it better than facebook
I need help! Best running shoes under $200... GO!
So...it has come to this.
haha I know! ;-) it was meant as a compliment because you are such a good
ok Tee your confusing me idk what your talking about Hows life! lol
Aw, c'mon -- she could get her own #twibbon!
it was a pleasure playing with you cats last night!
until you walk past a dog and your bikini becomes his dinner
Yup. Fell for that myself.
Go to the bathroom to throw up and realize somebody just took a shit smh God please help me today!
how is it that u are on twitter a ton but only have 128 tweets! We need to get you tweeting more lil sis!
thing over and over again but somehow you always find away to ruin it. r
My pleasure! I love, love, love these shoes!
And me and were discussing if Pitbull directly picks out each female dancer
maybe, the MLB website hasn't changed at all though =/
Oh, let me know what you think after you've tried it.
Turns out I may only be doing the half marathon this year, though. Missed a long training run while out of town. Next week's run decides!
Trying to figure out what to get my mom for mothers day w/ little money I have. lol
just wrapped a great interview w/ #driving88 inspires.
What are your little ones up to this Spring Break?
Jackets add a run in the bottom of 6th to go up 6-0 and Cavaliers down to last 3 outs.
You know you're a bad pitcher when Adam Dunn makes contact off you
I know! So many lulz!
Where are you living?
Yea, we were there. But I left those ho's to do my own shopping.
LOVING this Sunday afternoon thanks to #UMF live feed.
Some of these females aint shit
but somehow you need to be really drunk in order to appreciate any amount of animal hairs
I embrace Yeezy's crazy tendencies. So I support anything that feeds that.
Selenators follow me!
we are going to have to bring the spirit of the clapclapclaps to Consol Friday night!!
I think i like twitter better than facebook
Gym or booze? I choose booze.
well it does though, coz you're a snake therefore you can't 's' me
Everything's amazing when your on vacation I guess
Con Gratz on all the Success!!! Keep up the Hard work! GREAT MUSIC!!!
Mr Kenny Kettner is a handsome, rather tall blond with a long coat. Very dashing. He enjoys retrieving.
heck yes! we'll make milwaukee happen though! I'm totally up for it if you guys are
The idea of a fully integrated second screen experience while watching TV is pretty damn cool.
I'm so nervous for cheer. Blaaaahhh.
So proud to be an #LAKings fan!! XOXO to you, LA Kings!!
are you still able to dm them still or do they ignore you now
This guys the life of the Party huh... Hey Mitch you're kinda a wet noodle. With. A boring and predictable speech
"Best downward dog of your life!" RT : Just finished 's #YogaX. Short break and then off for a 6 mile training run...
Just woke up happy af'. Can't wait till my grandma visits
My name is long as hell =\
tell them I said hi and I miss them! School sucks! I have a feeling I might have my 1st fight this year. How's school?
Go listen to that Same Damn Time Freestyle... its that heat we promise!!!
Thanks for the photo! A chef's hat isn't my best look, but I was much more interested in the art-inspired cakes!
#ConfessionNight I'm broken.
Sorry about the DM, got phised. Have corrected. Thanks for the heads up!
Great to see you too! Hope you can make it to the goat dinner next month.
No because it would have meant 6 days in March spent in professional development. But, #nyplecpl was like a mini CiL.
The Android version is waiting in the wings, waiting for the fanfare around the iPhone version to die down.
who do you pull for in college basketball?
Good pasta, great chili sauce (piri-piri in whisky and strong Azores cheese), nice red wine. Life is good.
Corey hart using an outfielder glove at first base?!?
Cleveland' Ohio salutes the excitement of this exchange regarding the worlds use of social media.
What a night.. Left Aspen at 2:30 and JUST arrived in Denver! BRUTAL drive.. Winding down watching Casino Royale!
BRO I AM SICK.
When are you coming back through Texarkana? :)
Usually I don't want to go to school, but today seems like its gonna be a good day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
sounds like it. What a game to see live! I was just glad it was not Hummel's knee when I saw 'carted off the court'...
No problem! I hope it helps!! That's what my mom always had me do!
Cheer up beautiful<U+2665>
Yea I'm here
will be epic !! > RT : Just finished talking to at about NYE at the Gaylord! We are so excited about
No #superbowl has ever gone into overtime.
Jarrod Polson will have a shot attempt in this game.
pshhh I'm working on it! Too bz working!!
hahaha, yeah thats always true for me when I do run, also, its like when can I stop? When can I stop? haha
That sounds like a really interesting book!
Thanks 's Doubles Poker on for This Week In Poker
Just got home- both boys on antibiotics- AGAIN!~ C =junky-lungs [pneumonia? strep?] J =gross super snot...b/c this week isn't busy enough!
My two friends from Fl up to run marathon had great runs.
When you send a long message explaining your feelings about something, and you get a small reply full of excuses. Kcool.
Need that sign..lol
got my costume!
THANKYOU GAGA, and the color is amazing too!!!!
My Sister Is Ugly As Hell!!! lmao :)
I hope all of your followers understand what that means
thanks for the follow please check out my music kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Seriously. It was probably my favorite show growing up. We started in on season 3, when the family goes to Atlantic City.
Another ruined phone call.... What's going on
Since Donald Driver will be on #DWTS, #packernation should tailgate before the season premier in our fanciest green and gold!
Cinco de Mayo...
i always forget about my feet
I already told you
im good (:
Still can't get over with my hair.......
why don't you talk about the awesome game played on MNF.....it was a dark battle!
BLOODBATH,FULLY LACED, CHUBBY BOOB, THIS IS THAT NU SHIT .. THEM PLAYBOYZ ON .. & WE GOT UR FIX @ NWC WE KEEP AZ SEXXY...........
I want to go to a show in AZ any suggestions?
thanx man! i forgot to mention her lol ..thanx again
In Panama getting ready for a slamming festival. Chucho Valdez, John Scofield, others. Why aren't you here?
ok, if you dont want to . its ok. no big deal. i can always find someone. just lmk as soon as can
Thanks for the encouraging words and continuous support. MKE and Penfield are lucky to have you!
Congrats to all the #BostonMarathon runners!
Never a Charge for Diagnostic's, No Mark Up Prices on Parts!!!!
we were on 5th & k ! All the buggy cupcakes r gone :-( NEXT TIME! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY! “: where are you”
Thanks! I really appreciate it.
And then you frantically scroll through pages of your tweets and delete, amirite?
not agreeing w/ that..stay in the EPL
Lmbo! Its 1:11 cause I said it was.
I've been mistaken for an Englishman but am not sure why. I wasn't trying and I don't think I have that sound
RT Amazing. Search Marketing is a $16 BILLION industry and there is rarely a classification for it on business forms. /rant
Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off TODAY at Acme! Get your Thursday 'dog'...er...um Sausage on!! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
cool! Hope they sign it :) if i didnt already have 4 autographs, id ask for one lol
Finally done with in-cars. Jeez that took a lot longer than I wanted.
Enjoyed the first two eps, plan on catching up this weekend.
"You've got the body, I've got the brain" - Freddy Kruger....Nightmare On Elm Street Marathon!
If only it was easier to put feelings into words
Not you too!
With the 30th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Tim Lincecum
Steve from NML, created a Quick resources guide, home made, to handout to users. A website dedicated to the rollout was created
“: I didn't text you last night, vodka did #Ops”
maybe we should bring a big screen into the office. and buy lots of beer.
If you try to understand what prevents you from changing your life-rather than what stops others from changing theirs-you'll be much happier
Proud of myself for surviving four years in botwe
It's the longest day of the year!
Passing a Wawa on the train to DC. Such a tease.
I am happy both ways. Whether I pay 60 bucks or 99 cents, so long as I enjoy the experience, then it was worth the money.
Gotta watch mi niece and nefu lol sucks
RT : A loaded gun on campus of VA Tech? The gun lobby would like to see it everyday with their push for "guns on campus" policies.
Yes, we would but the best is a 3rd rounder at the end of the round. :(
Seattle we're open now til 4p today. Stop by 4 breakfast, lunch, paninis, salads, cafe Umbria, & pastries or 2 C Facebook's new bldg (ours)
IT was the veganism that landed you in my search results.
Sorry for the late reply, I was at a conference all last week. My twitter mesg today is in response to your question. :)
Sam and Dean go to Kansas to investigate Plucky Pennywhistle’s Magical Menagerie. #Supernatural is on tonight at 9 on CW20!
If you're not doing anything sometime, hit me up.
People these days are measured by the size of their dreams. No one accomplishes more than he sets out to accomplish. So dream BIG!
Mindless Behavior is so adorable.
Marguerite Duras~ In love there are no vacations No such thing. Love has to be lived fully with its boredom and all that.
ask more questions if you want I like questions
Twitter recommending I follow Bank of America, Louis C.K. and Rachel Maddow...one of these things is not like the other
-30- Go Huskies! Congratulations to the Class of 2012 and especially our School of Journalism graduates. A great day.
Does anybody know much about flathead catfishing?
At Students leaving a legacy.
Heard its supposed to be a good 30 for 30...They say Cam situation aint got nothin on SMU corruption and hijinx
where else would you be hahahah
gimme a holla out your window if you need something:) lol
lol. Forest park sucked. I just loved my friends. And you'll eventually get there. Lol.
Well that completely ruined my day..
Are you kidding me? Do you guys seriously like oysters?
sleepy but glad its Friday. U?
inspiring commonwealth club talk today. You and your husband need to be vocal surrogates for Pres Obama this election cycle
"It's kind of fun doing the impossible" Walt Disney
watching the special on with should too!
You only live once!!!!
If you're looking for 1,000-3,000 SF: space in that range seems to be leasing up FAST lately. One week it's there, the next it's gone.
It's definitely worth it. $5 from 5-7 p.m. If people are more of the vodka variety, recommend the Fresh Berry Martini.
Its ok to eat healthy as long as you don't act like it.
shockingly little progress on the eportfolio #libraryschool i get why it has to be due before graduation but got a lot on my plate now
& also that 50 tyson is better then him RT : I hope realizes that the Heat are truly overrated.
#idol - Phillip had a cool, slow vibe. It was funky and fun. Not bad.
i better get one!
Ha, haven't tried those, I guess I need to expand my options :)
Third and final day at #stagecoach about to start. picks Band Perry and Brad Paisley to be Sunday's standouts
No offense (some offense) to Mad Men & The Killing, but Masterpiece Theater's Sherlock is so much better than both of your current seasons.
I forget simple stuff , but can remember 4/7/1986 Hulk Hogan v. King Kong Bundy cage match @ WrestleMania 2. PS Hulk won.
I be ignoring the shit outta phone calls. I like texting...
Just the other day.
Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon
The vegan general tso's chicken at whole foods is amazing. Feel like I'm actually eating meat.
Awesome sounding event, have fun
That's ok sweetie, u got the best follow anyway....ME!!! Lol
Josie just got to FaceTime with on my mom's new iPad 2. I need one!
Yall never heard of Norman Mailer's "The White Negro"?
"In the long view, the history of art is the history of public art." - Tom Finkelpearl, Dialogues in Public Art
My followers keep growing exponentially. I've probably fired you all, so I'm not flattered.
Thunder acting like they won the championship!!
Well we'll see you next time! Happy Birthday!
haha hell yeah I used to be in a band wit feen in high school..im actually in carnegie but I go to Ai
A gaggle, I can handle that :)
Choose to go after more than just the bare minimum God has to offer you. Let Him transform you.
Day Two, #shrmnm2012 conference, starting off with Pamela Green, SPHR - great energy & timely info!!
I need the twitter book for dummies, can't figure this twitter thing out...lol more of an addict to Facebook.
Timbers are undefeated when leading in 75th min.
I miss u! Feel better! I'm excited to go to brunch with you in the future with Allison, Jen, and
Same here :)
failure i tell ya
Everyone is rooting for the Rangers, I just want to watch the world burn. Go Sens and Devils.
that does sound a bit like a nightmare, why can't family entanglements ever be easy?
Harry Potter studio tour: 'we can never say goodbye', says Tom Felton: Harry Potter star Tom Felton says the cas..
I know. I moved back here from LA last June. Oh, how I miss that weather. ;)
a buzz has been generated over the upcoming 'Where You From' poetry reading at Eastside Luv
How u pregnant all the way up to yo chest
why dont they put you in the cage, you need to get your ass beat, douchbag c:
Follow me back? :) xo
Content row: Case against Google India dropped, six firms still in suit
Thousands leaving park as reqested. Back out on the streets.
I'm looking to create a blogroll for my blog. Who should I be linking to?
: you know the guy who stars in that movie is a #UW grad, from MT Vernon
You can spend your life avoiding your dreams, but everynight you go to sleep.
Checking my tweets and emails
All four of us are limping. It's been one hell of a day.
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG!
If only there were 30 min of commercials per hr it'd be just like the real #TheTicket > "Day in the Twitter life..."
You might call me a fucked up ass person for this but I don't wanna see ppl who fucked me over experience joy.
A MapQuest itinerary and domestic airfare for a trip I already took?
well and as far as just books it is by far the best I've seen.
FOLLOW Our Founder & CEO
Same with you- we just work really hard every day to make sure we will be in business the following day.
going to Express Fall Fashion Runway Show next Friday! ^.^
Having no phone SUCKS.
Give your house a face lift! Choose a new front door!
This program sounds wonderful!
I could lay down all day and snuggle.
it's rough ... It's all about law cases and and knowing the amendments
lol damn! You jus need my help... That's all
You bite that tongue
wow great news for video Real Estate!
Good morning!
This rain is CWAZZZZYYY!!!
My 100th tweet goes out to MYSELF for making a 96 on my term paper! !!!
Yes it would be via livestream but we don't know what time yet. But we will let you know!
what time are you leaving
45 minutes left to enter to win these #MLSCUP09 tickets!!! #iwantmlscuptix to enter and rt message
two thousand eleven FTW!
Your poor hair!!!!
I know I was up at 8am ate and fell asleep watching PBS.
Playing tomorrow evening with and at Bourbon St Blues and Boogie Bar in Nashville, TN!! 8 pm!
i gain followers when im not on , but wen im on i lose them >.^ what is going on ?!? i wont come on then .-.
I'm just so proud of right now. Love you guys!!
ROSS IS GOIN TO SIGN BOOSIE WATCH WHAT I TELL U HIM OR BABY TO CMB
This kid is using a shoelace as a belt #2012problems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Paging all sweethearts! Heart-shaped donuts are back! Grab a Cupid's Choice donut and a mocha latte for your sweetie. xoxo!
Just thinking.... #BlueIvy is such a Wondeful name for a Wonderful baby ! She'll find out how lucky she is !
Helen Mirren is HOT for a 65 yr old. Good sense of humor and a RACK you can hang a jacket on!! She's my new HALLPASS.
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
When you're at the mall and see some hot dudes while you look like shit -.-
yeah I do why?
so you waited 4 years, then got one NOW? I am sure there is a good story there.
RT : saveup -- applying gaming to personal finance: users rewarded for good financial actions
Literary Fact of the Day: Edward Gorey and Frank O'Hara were roommates at Harvard. via
Lakers vs. Heat in the finals..who taking the trophy home?
I loved Taylor's "holy crap I'm getting a standing ovation at the Grammy's" face. Also, Adele is one sassy bitch. I like it!
hey andrew can you please follow me it would make my day <3!
Girls shouldn't make fun of themselves not having big boobs or a butt. They should be happy with themselves.
he's real cool and random lol when are you going to see him??
Kalorama condo got two offers, my buyers won!
You know your in the bad part of town when the guy wearing a paper bag considers you odd for not having crack.
sometimes my job is excellent.
Woke up today craving some beach. Maybe we'll film a YouTube cover for Friday while we're there.. Any requests? Hit me.
division opening delayed until next week - equipment delivery fails :'(
It's raining... Hmm.. The weather seems to much my mode... How delightful! :)
Happy Mother.s Day to every mom out there. You all are simply the best ! Especially to my mom
Mhmmm.I should've tweeted you earlier.lolol.Maybe he'll still be here tomorrow,just chilling,and we can like go meet him.
RT : God creates millions of people a year but then one day he took the time to specially create yeah!
Thanks BOO boo!!!!!!
Thanks for the review, Those Guys! We'll do everything we can to save you. Even Elisar.
Totally just saw the Oak Ridge Boys do "Elvira" at the Grand Ole Opry.
Why no score or shot clock on KONG?
I need to go swimsuit shopping
Not us:)
So ready for Big Brother to come on!!!
Wow Scott. Great story and great insight into your family, your integrity and your leadership. Thanks for sharing.
Thanks Chad!
Near Black Forest? Join me at R&R Coffee Cafe for a 2-way dialogue. Starts at 5:30. 11425 Black Forest Rd.
Bored now that Phylicia gone to work, now im home alone. . .
First night sleeping with my new memory foam pillow. Oh. My. God.
Got contacts today...not the best feeling things ever /:
Covergeist preproduction for One More Night @ Cherry Sound Studios... guitar sounds !!! also thanks to Music Vibe for the interview
Follow us for upcoming news and info!
Join us tonight at Calabria in Kirkland for Happy Hour priced food and drink from 7pm until close
#tastemakersKS, Hello... Innovation is about risk, thats what im going to talk about next!
Having the best weekend. Sorry Monday, please don't come.
When money talks freedom walks. Find out what to do about it at www.bobmaconbusiness. com
I can't sleep, been working weird hours lately
Also, #epicfail by me on the #SBTB trivia. I know it's Hot Sundae but can't think of the song.
I really don't understand players taking off their jersey's on the court when getting ejected...
Itruly hope each nd everyone of u is havin a wonderful .. Day :)
Elizabeth Castelli: Karen Seeley's work on this topic grew out of class she taught on the atomic bomb
Starting the new year by writing some music...
aw naw my booty not sour yo booty sour that just sound so stanky lol
#starbuckssmile on al night at work hope and got theres on! Happy Wednesday!
Great nite! Weather is perfect!!
a #TrentReznor plug is the coolest thing ever!
Stay the course, Andrew Wakefield, the truth will out.
Time to go skate
This dog is a SBD machine. All kinds of awful things coming out his rear end.
Goodness, please stop retweeting your own birthday wishes!
Their lucky to have you as a panelist.
That's a fascinating question. , do you know of anybody doing the picasa facial rec. thing with painted portraits?
I saw Lauren her lil bro Darrin yesterday. made me happy
"Justin Bieber has no talent" No talent? Ok. Go sell out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes & tell me how that works out.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "H" #TheHeartbreakKid , #HouseOf1000Corpses , #TheHangover , #Half-Baked , #Hero ,
On a road with grand kid R
Thank you very much for coming! I think the campaign was a great step forward. FYI:I was born cynical and aged well.
Getting my rest tonight for what is sure to be an epic Good Friday: Impressionists exhibit
RE: SES can impact the quantity and quality of homework SOME teachers assign- low expectations
He uses the term info-activism. Love it
I'm impressed you ate a burrito and ran back. I can't run after i eat.
Join us: IN Poetry Out Loud contest TODAY 11:00 @ Indiana Landmarks in Indy. 17 talented students will compete for a trip to finals in DC!
Thanks rob you're a huge help RT : building a great base for Tweetup ;)
Zombie walk end of april??
": Hi Arizona. I'm Hungry. Feed me."taco bell for fourth meal
Can I haz a cheap, sweatshop-free #17 Lin jersey?
oh. I only got a cold. My nose, throat and head hurt. :/
mike aren't you like 17? hahah I'll probs have my license before you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Meet on feb 18 for concert!! take pics and get autographs with our fave girl!
Live Jazz Brunch today at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 11am-3pm hemmingwaysbistro.com
I guess I'm going to call it WK 880. Because it has something to do with hyperglycemia. That's about all I know.
RT : Emma Stone is what Lindsay Lohan was supposed to be before drugs happened.
My followers: all has begun! A couples more hours and the clips will be released.
C'mon we can't keep giving up these quick scores after a big basket!!!!!!
So nice to give the kids some independence and they listen
Lifted first, then a run. I just finished a 1.03 mi run with a time of 10:42 with Nike+ GPS.
Our new logo was made by 's Lee Lilly. He did a great job and we love it!
What happened?
Ain't that the truth!
hhhhmmmm that's a hard one TXTING!
You guys need to follow the cast of They are cuter that a pixie fart, particularly Mssrs. and
RT Snaer is playing today“: There was our chance for a buzzer beater. Airball instead. We'll get one today, I can feel it.”
#gas fell through the $3.65 floor down to $3.63! Now THAT'S progress.
I worry that when I go into Target the employees can tell that all my clothes are from there.
Watchin tha Spurs play makes my camel toe lose moisture...
I cannot believe I missed tonite, kid drama. :(
is drinking grape juice with milk in it. gross :/
I'll get you for that, Nelson.
hey. You.
Talk about a tech breakthrough: we managed to get cameras into the alternate universe Rep. Ryan inhabits.
We offer stability and continuity to our clients and those who seek out our firm based on a reputation of integrity and professionalism.
...because, of course, the 99% are ALL lazy socialists, distastefully fighting each other for fallen cake crumbs.
Blaze The Pain Away
Back to my middle school weight. To be fair there wasn't much of a difference tho
#3wordsofadvice smash the cone
Looking 4 someone who has job shadowed as part of exploring what kind of job/industry/career they want 2 pursue. DM me. RT to Denver-ites!
Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt. Available Friday Oct 15, 2010. ONLY @ www.SnoClothing.com
Bob, Happy Easter 2 you & your family from a Bostonian sitting in Detroit waiting on flight to Nashville (again):-)
There may be more defense being played at Oscars than NBA All-Star Game.
Nice pic. Must be nice seating in those seats.
CASA had another wonderful White House visit yesterday!
was so amazing on the #CMA's
always go to the movies!!! Fleury looks wonderful!!!!
No problem. If you know anyone who wants one I have a few. Both Xbox & PSN
Career/ed blogger here. Looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with CEUs (preferably online).
Thanx so much hun, i just need to kno it is all going to be okay..ill txt u
LA Zombie, Sci-Fi, and Horror fans! Aliens to Zombies is Tomorrow with very interesting panels and Special Makeup Demos....
followed Fred Durst on gifture, why not.
wait you almost got mugged :o
oops sorry, started at 7:00.
Audit: Coliseum Spending "Wasteful"
Cool! I'll message you with my e-mail. We'll set something up.
It's so dead here that they could have gotten by without me. I'm pretty much just here to do deliveries & answer the phone.
just whipped Keith Stone's ass.
'Underground' is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters 'und.'
For news regarding the upcoming Grad Student Conference but not the #utdgsa, follow the #rawconf hashtag.
RT : needs immediate booking help in Iowa, Nebraska, Wyoming & Colorado! any help you can offer is huge. give us bands, v ...
when do U go? My mouth is so numb I can't talk. Thnk god for 1st rate anesthetic. I rly don't want 2 go back 2 get the rest done.
true , but depends if your look younger than your age .
yeah - useless to us, cause it doesn't help us to have $2000. we can't do it for less than $8000. sigh! :)
CORRECT Enter our Standby Lottery (by 9pm) if your name is drawn your old Stub will count towards one $20 Ticket
Thank you! want to go w/me?
well he also locked their web designer out of the web site and kept the money from the previous wepay account... all class!
just saw the piece about you on E60. I have a lot of respect for u man. Go get that west division title!
I wanna make you feel comfortable, you're trying to relax and trust me with your strands. I get it. I feel your tension.
A door has opened for me but I'm unsure if I should step through
Watching "NOW With Alex Wagner" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!13
what man
Actually, there's nothing like Jordan Fine playing music in the summertime
We are open until 3am. TORTAS!!
i've got nothing against keller. i just think the response to the budget disapproval is not kind nor is it reasonable. toddlery
Good to meet you at Oshkosh! Looking forward to seeing you again at future airshows!
I hate being sick. I miss my beautiful friends :(
Thanks man! It sure was. Hard to believe how long that process turned out to be. Phew.
well then! Mine was looking too long soo
those look absolutely amazing. makes me hungry just looking at them!
RT : is this weekend. Want to watch it from our VIP tent? Reply to us w/ #MKEAirShow for a chance to win!
RT - Wow, we just have a Major League moment, I swore I was watching Roger Dorn's Cleveland Indians for a moment.
yo i agree
will *you* be at Drupalcon? It would be great to see you...
WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE ON THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE COUNTRY FROM L.A.???
thank you.
It's great the #Toffees are a point ahead of the 'pool. I hope they finish the year with a big ol' win to stay in 7th! :-)
Southlands(: Give my phone some love if your gonna go<3
Got burritos from my fave mexican joint downtown and the one time I forget to ask for the dipping sauce, they forget too :/
just finished a "killer abs" class. omfg that was killer!!!
Thumbs up. RT Thought I was past petty, mean-spirited, irrational Miami Heat hating. Wasn't. Still satisfies.
Thinking about deleting all my social networks this stuff got old
is it sad that i put more work into my iTunes than into my school work?
Thanks! (Though I wasn't there, so credit to others). If you are interested in joining in with MiLO or TORCH you are welcome to...
Who doesn't these days? :P
Face , face , face , I give face , beauty face! <U+2665>
Man I Got Some Real.. Laid Back..Stuff That Will Touch The Soul COmin .. #BASEDSOUL - Keyboard Kid
All eight Baylor fans are making a lot of noise
Smells like teen spirit!
I'm pretty sure that like...your door will let you leave the house. But we all know you aren't tryin to be in the heat either so.
You gotta be real with yourself before you can be real with someone else
You know you did a great job on yardwork if your mom looks at it and assumes you were drunk.. I should probably redo.
ASU West U?
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. ~ Kahlil Gibran
Check out our student blogs page to get insider perspectives of life as a #Northeastern #MBA student bit.ly/pRxB7Z
The Foundation is heavily funded by the Koch brothers –What they produce deserves a serious dosage of salt
you doing the "Twitter Thang" now?
Spoke w/an injured actor w/o health insurance who is hoping his arm will heal. Msg me 4 info about income options to pay for your insurance!
Would love to see what you come up with! Congrats again!!
Took over well over a year, but I've finally finished the layout for a children's book!
RT : A3: Be yourself, but also make sure to talk about everyone besides yourself. Dont make everything about you.
wasn't kidding! Beaverton police are out in full force!
I wish I was famous..
I admire you so much ! :) It would mean the world to me if you tweeted, retweeted or followed me<3<3
Let's do it! Come see me at some point and we'll set it up!
No way....Trotz master psychological motivator, knows he needs them next round, believes #preds can beat #coyotes w/out them.
I love that last wk u were killin Nat now this wk it was Amber's turn LOL!!
Sometimes i wonder how my mom can be so selfish at times
so luvin my Thunders right now, but they need to step it up....play evry game like its the last
I aint gettin shit for my mom for mothers day she a opp too
Chases is looking a little old. Someday will look like Bruce Springsteen.
from S.Casper: "Everything about Rich's piece feels wonky in the mouth". (it's a good thing, seriously....)
Where's the moon? WOAHHH!
you will! i am wearing them all next week. im going to try to play basketball in them for awhile lol
Breakfast for dinner. Yum.
Cookie Cutters hair salon! The stylists all do side makeup and perfume though!
hey what Ur E mail I have that thing ready I just need Ur email and I will send it when I get home
#SomePeopleDont realize that their words could ultimately cause someone to take their life.
not so often to be honest..are you a fan?
The uncomfortable moment when u get your blood on someone else's karate gi....
asst. manager training....woo so fun.
Slade is the biggest creeper
LG city council mulling over whether to let a laser tag company take over its rec center from Friday through Sunday
Trains and loud babies...not a good mix
Congrats to Patrik Kiley, the WINNER of the Ducati Monster 696 at ! Thanks for participating everyone!!
IF ANY OF MY PEEPS ON TWITTER HERE GOT A FACEBOOK TIS IS MY URL TONINKAJJ TIS MY EMAIL
Well, that would be awesome. I hope it works out! It would be weird for me to show up at catwest and not see you at all!! :)
I NEED NEWS! C'MON SD!
no im anica.,corbin is on later ..
just got my clay matthews shirt with the hair going down it!!look for pics coming once i get it!! Stay Strong
Thank God its Friday dawg!
I jest
Swag swag swag,on you.Chillin by the fire why we eatin' fondue.I dunno about me but I know about you. So say hello to falsetto in three two.
It is compared to...well...the alternative...
yes. He is pretty amazing. My sax looks stunning after his engraving.
OMG GOT ACCEPTED TO TWU I THOUGHT IWASNT GOING TO COLLEGE BUT GOD DOES ANSWER PAYERS IM SO HAPPY
Should apologize to #Malkin for calling her a "mashed up bag of meat with lipstick?" #hypocrite What does #Obama think?
How are the art nerds feeling about novel, object of desire? I have feelings but I want someone else to go first.
Back by popular demand ! FREE CROWN MOULDING that's right you can get free crown moulding in your home. You ask, how can this be ? Call us
where are you moving to?? (: i hope its closer to where i live (;
But it don't mean nothing when a nigga money low, Niggas will shoot you in the back and cut yo fucking throat like rich and alpoe.
Much success with my project Unleashing Joy. Talk Bouncing Back a big success. Cynthia Harris
Man not even showed up tonight Cuz ya boi Be high off this #CatPiss .I be High as Giraffe puss
Boys trip to Dallas???!!! I live walking distance from 200bars....
hey, nice avi!
It's an amazing journey. Thank you for teaching me so much
TONIGHT JOIN US TONIGHT FOR OUR CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS | LADIES RECEIVE FREE CHAMPAGNE TILL 1 AM | SUSHI DINNER PARTY AT 930
good to be home.
I am loving this spring weather :)
follow me @ y_p_G
Why don't I have chocolate in my desk drawer?
RT : Haha RT : Google Plus Mobile. When you want to talk to nobody on the go!
thanks for a great show last night in Madtown! It was a Great way to spend my bday Next time come down to Milwaukee!
you see how millsap's nums drop across the board vs #spurs?
Progressions says Good Morning! We're celebrating a BIRTHDAY over here, cake... cake and cake... :-)
That awkward moment when your girlfriends dad walks in the girls bathroom.
later like I said in school on my bus headed home!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
I can't wait to start KICKBOXING this summer!! SO excited!!
This is quite the heartbreak, but I still love my Aztecs. It happens. The tournament is all that matters anyway.
What a difference a phoneme can make.
awe you're so nice Jesus! :D
If college football is banned then college soccer powerhouse Akron is going to look like a GENIUS.
What up kin folk!
The new GPS enhanced Blackberry I just got will help on the long rides through dense New Mexico Forests; hopefully tomorrow after golf.
Registered for day 1b on Tuesday, will try to update during breaks and such
Wow. We just had these HUGE nachos that 3 people couldnt even finish
Girls Shave half their heads... #whydopeopledothis"
...I was only kidding. :)
a few people do. does too
I hurt myself already :(
Its taking too long for me, can we speed up the process please? Show me the one I need.
Monday the 16th is the last day to change Spring registration or to withdraw from courses without academic penalty.
at such a point when I get a legit gf, she is going to be wrapped in on the regular.
- the view from the Williamsburg bridge is amazing, isn't it?
Bill issues include: sidewalks, signs and ventilation systems. This is going to be a VERY close vote.
I've sat through 10+ state regs conversations and I am always invigorated by the resulting passionate convos b/w attendees
Off to the Cricket WA to the kickoff concert omg so excited !
Yay! So share already! :-)
After being in NC, don't know about returning to ABQ where 'trees' (bushes) are maybe 20 feet. Will miss a real 'woods' and forest.
Convincing my parents to let me hang with >>> #doubledate #fishing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
#Power is always at the mercy of changing circumstances. Therefore, spend your time building a solid reputation.
#ndsa many new friends and partners attending joint / NDSA partners meeting in DC
Don't forget! If you're staying with us, #Wine Hour is from 5-6 pm in the lobby every night. Gulp, gulp...
Santorum is so ingrained in WASHINGTON speak -- he could never lead from the White House.
Listening to :) Everyone loves Glad You came, I've known that song for ages! It's about time to be big in America!
My web site is back. Unlike other high profile sites there has been NO lost of personal information here. It has been an enlightning 2 weeks
So far Foursquare really wants me to go to a restaurant… hmm...
Dear girls! FYI...constant spelling error...it's YOU'RE secretly my fans! ;) Thank you...your Twitter English teacher...lol!
A little chilly start to do the day, but it's suppose to be BEAUTIFUL here is just a few short hours!
#mentionyourcrush lol and half y'all goin get talked bad to
Happy Tuesday! We're all back together on the !
- you going to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend?
#moms #dads Another key word about school Bullying Prevention? THOUGHT...Bring that & creative ideas, #schools address the issue
how can anyone hate Outkast? I don't hate cats but they make my eyes puffy and my nose sneezy :(
sometimes it's used like a bookmark to reference back to later. other than that... i really dont know lol
Damn I wanna go home already.
in your honour I shall flip off all of the Hyundai elantras I see on the drivehome tonight :-)
8/12/2010 SMBs expect to spend 53 percent on ERP during the next year, survey reveals visage
Merry Christmas from all of us at 90.5 Air 1!
power move.
Celtics on fire! Veterans taking their game to next level.
no kisses for you!!!!
I heard the lines were horrible.
EXITING FOR #DEMILOVATOINURUGUAY <U+2665> ?????????
Doesn't matter what others think u should do... what truly matters is what YOU want to do
and are apparently "concerned" that I won't follow through with my #twitterbinge. Wow. #friends 6/24
Baylor and Gonzaga move on... 3 tied for first
You may not always stay on track, but you have a way of returning to the proper course.
Being sick sucks.
I will concede that there is a slim possibility that Obama is from Kenya if Santorum's followers concede he may be from the 15th century..
just responding to your tweet on importance of listening to your customer
Holy SHIT. Where is this place? hahahaha I need to let him know asap.
have fun w it yo .... 1 yr ago you were in seattle, at mine...
its all good mama, not required. See you there, for real ;) LOL
Citizen Science at Philly Tech Week. Hearing from SciStarter now on connections.
If two year olds can look this good,u can 2 w/ freshly cleaned outfits! Bring in 1 of these 12 fashion must haves & we'll clean it for free
not off the top of our heads, but put a call out on the fb (she grew up in FL). Will let you know if we hear anything!
But you had them at hello. Loved your presentation!
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st meeting will September 15th!!!!!! Mark your calendars
Chapter 2012 Page 113 of 366 I can't control your opinion of me, I CAN control how or if I let it affect me.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
I Like Juice.
Voting from Sweden and wishing the best of luck! I know you got this!! Amazing performance.
Ha. I'll go with the US for this example......
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
Q: What's the difference between a chainsaw and an accordion?A: A chainsaw can be tuned.
Hundley has some awesome catching gear today
haha cant wait til she is able to drive
Freshmen tour today. This is going to be interesting!
Missing you isn't the problem, it's wondering if you'll ever come back to me that's killing mee.
That's a little odd.......... Well me too I suppose. , Ezgo-Now.com
Theraflu > Kobe's flu game
Do you have any suggestions? I'm always open to knew ideas.
If anybody says the word "hey" really fast so it gets to the point where it sounds like they're saying "aye," I just break out in A Punk.
War Horse.
If you're a medical practice, and I have an 845am appointment, it's fucking unacceptable that I haven't yet been seen at 10am.
More than fitting, that man deserves every bit of respect that's left in baseball.
I'm almost positive that I saw you at McDonald's last week!
I been great man, just about 3 weeks left til I fight for legacy FC on may 11
alright!! alright!!
Damn I'm on 5% this Evo is fina turn off any second now.
Willis: examining Murnau's Sunrise for interesting use of intertitles: "couldn't she get drowned" sequence with moving text
Twitter is my therapy.
Hey(: tweet me.
Happy birthday man!
I need to destress. But yeah, it's Monday. No dice.
I've got two (#CoreFusion #Barre and one #CFYoga) classes tomorrow and two #CFBarre Sunday! Come work out w/me in between festivals!
much the whole day. I remember how exciting it was to figure out Nick's code in his thank you's, to read all of their thank
sure!!!:) hows saturday?? i dont think im doing anything then other than battleground.
RT : I am so grateful to have had the opportunity 2day to treat our community with the dignity & respect they deserve! #YW ...
80% of domains have Google Analytics installed; 30% have an instance of Wordpress.
I do! I think I gave you some advice about picking up the bass guitar! Tried it out yet?
yeah i was young and very stupid.
Butterfly island
The avengers!!!
Wifi on the bus is a great thing. #whati'mthankfulfor
I Know Just How You Feel
You playing nola or just passing through?
Is this game for real? people have to work tomorrow!...I mean, not me, but I hear that is a common problem among other people.
SXSW-ers, hit tonight! Skinny 's Ballroom at 8pm! -- Andrew Huff ()
Glad you love it! Thanks for listening! RT : Without my day would be boring, mundane and i would be angry at everyone!
Can't wait for PLAYOFFS AT MILLER PARK on Saturday! Go Crew!
It seems that civilians & military leaders are often speaking different languages. How do you think we should bridge the gap?
Tonight anything that resembles responsible/important/etc: I'm not interested...in case any of you planned to request a report or some data.
2011 Top Eye Candy Goes to Ryan Gosling —Duh! When Bradley Cooper was dubbed People 's "Sexiest Man Alive, " there was a cry of outrage
RT I just wanna tell her how my show went... How did it go?
Unknown is a totally ridiculous movie.
Any good movies out right now...?
One for the techies. pc displays 'rundll error, error loading /dipat.dll' message on startup. Is it easy to fix? Switching off & on no work!
In all this #RetakeMassEffect drama I totally forgot to congratulate & the Bioshock team in advance of their inevitable GOTY win!
you rock, dont ever stop!
Hopefully that whole bus thing wont work for the new school and then I can stay in my original school!
bad teacher!
WOO WE Brewers
Goodnight twitter <3 :)
Go Yankees, no go Phillies....OMG may the best team win!
SWAG= She Wants A Gentleman! :-)
At floyds barbershop. Can't tell if they're from #austin cause all the band posters are big bands. Not austin ones. Ne1 know?
started with biting & coke & then it snowballed from there. Parker & I were havin a grand ol time.
Would you rather eat at a restaurant with the 5 star food but 3 star service? or 5 star service and 3 star food? well....wht about hospitals
When I ask someone to help wingman and they end up flirting a making moves on the girl I asked to have help with.
Yeah, buddy!!
Good night world! iCBallers - Play. Develop. Succeed. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
I want you to fight for me. I wanted to be worth fighting for.
you're welcome!
"Love means giving chances when there's no more chances left to give." - Haley James Scott #OTH <3<U+2764>
A certain joy comes from reading something you wrote a long while back & thinking "holy shit, that's good!" Take courage in that moment.
YOOOOO! THAT VIDEO RIGHT BY MY SIDE IS WAVY! SHE MAKIN OUT WITH NAS!!!!!! HEY GET EM!
Wut u spend on a bottle in da club that's my tip money for dinner ha ha. Catch up is da King bitch
Work for him and loving it!
easy solution: A's for everyone!
Heh... we mostly vote for not-me, but try to distribute the load evenly, accounting for tenure & such. Good game theory problem?
Playin the game with kicking his ass in
Boys lacrosse: Canby trails West Linn 4-3 at halftime at home. Cougar goals by Bell, Sibel and Koenig.
Anyone wanna talk?(:
that is what I think!
Undergrads pls give your feedback on revised Liberal Arts Core. Go to MyMarylhurst and join the discussion on your home page.
ah, where to? Hotel?
Im excited....
Christine made a good pt. Betty was pissed bout the benign tumor bc that means shes fat and doesnt have "Fat-producing" cancer
not shit bro posted at the crib bored as shit
iTunes match skipping through tracks like a dirty CD-ROM.
lol, oh well!
If you can have an overall affect on history; No matter the career #WhatMarkWouldYouLikeToMake?
Cornelius NeposTo be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
How do we get them to do it? Motivate them, add social component, five time to reflect, get champions
I AM SO EXCITED for tonight!
This conversation is hilarious
I'm beginning to think this scribe dropped his exemplar and just picked up the leaves in a random order and hoped that nobody would notice
Can't get ultra off my mind
Wisconsin for the 3peat!
Happy Birthday Liz! Wishing you an amazing day! Xo
i also blame local law enforcement: COMPLETELY full beer on desk in a red plastic cup (it traveled dad's>ballroom>home)
When you try to avoid someone and you run into them... ugh
Manningham? Got it. He shall be #3 on my list of "Mortal Enemies."
Rush #Limbaugh says "Wall Street had nothing to do with financial crisis"
Being up & out of my house this early <<< #exhaustedtweet D:
Love you too!
congrats on graduation!
They pulled my wisdom tooth & fucked up my whole entire gum & roof of my mouth. This pain has my vision blurry. Bring me pills and bud !!!!
I am an amazing WOMAN! <3
Ate lunch at Skyline and walked past Visit Jacksonville, thought about
Yes, and he tweeted on the day all this stuff started -- "Billion dollar idea"
Who do you have in the #Derby? I like Take Charge Indy.
I love my boys almost more than I can stand. And I grieve that they are growing up so fast. I must savor every moment!
Talk about a flashback from 9th grade. Can't believe I fucking saw that boy today. I just feel sorry for him and his fat ass.
Thanks to of for nominating #SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech Award #roots12. Vote in the lobby!
“: About to say Errrrrrrrrry I love this !”
yup! That's why i love them.. Just sometimes I can't watch them at all lol..
aw so cute
Whoa. "Tor" actually referred to the science fiction publisher and not the privacy software for once. I'm in shock.
I wonder, is it weird to start to like someone even after our busy season is over? Hm
In a rush? JD’s #SalsaSeasoning can be used to make Fresh Homemade #Salsa in 30 seconds. Perfect for people on-the-go!
What the fuck Aaron! Why did you just knee me in the balls and punch the shit outta me?????
Lil mama said ICONic Boyz O. M. G.
Thank you new follower
Lmfao yooooo. Seriously. Hahaha. Home sweets home. I love my bed. Wish I had someone to spoon with. Spooning turns into forking.
we can play when you get better! I'll beat ya
just did
Welcome, psychological one.
Add the Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale to your Sat plans. Great books, low prices! Oct 1, 9AM on the Library lawn. 480 Middlesex Metuchen
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X10
One decision changed a family's life and is still changing the lives of thousands today. Rooted in the goal of empowering people to...
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country
My condolences go out to the Vogel family on the tragic loss of Joey. A good man, a nice guy and a family friend.
thanks! it was creme fraiche, tarragon and chives. Next week well have loki smkd salmon salad w/beets, fennel and garlic bread!
I want to scream. So much driving and lifting! Moving sucks. And my trunk just gave me a nasty bruise on the back of my head.
Can see the trucks and helicopters out my window at work! ": Major fire DTLA 1200 s hope LAFD 50x100 commercial bldg"
Text me if you need to talk or w/e
It tastes like a Bud/Michelob/PBR doesn't it?
Peyton Manning leads the Colts to an amazing comeback over Pats in 2007 AFC Championship game.
So I'm banging out a mixtape of current hot music. Pressing hard copies. I figured, why not???
your welcome!
Idk why I just woke up, but I was having another dream about her. I seriously can't get her off my mind, she's all I can think about...
Happy birthday to the talented Dorothy Hamill, Olympic & World Champion figure skater! Born today in Greenwich, CT.
Any sick graphic designers wanna design my banner for this years Bamboozle? If so hit me up at RT
aye.. I was there making a very late growler refill run. :)
Go follow shes awesome!!
Um , who asked for your opinion ? No One BOY .
i don't know i haven't seen it yet
what's the "sailor" saying? red skies at dawn...?
listening to some demos for this album. Just what the doctor ordered.
This ski thread #mywipeout is making us feel WAY better about our rookie years. And, frankly, our recent years too.
it's getting freaky how much alike we are
This game screams 1987-93. A relic of the most entertaining era of college basketball. Pace is gonna give me a heart attack
1 or 2 per community, 4 or 5 communities, plus a few other groups.
Just when I thought we had CS4/5 issues resolved, along comes 5.5--not backwards-compatible (am I wrong?). Do I really have 2 get Soxy?
Canon in D by Ronald Jenkins
Praying that the car I want is still there tomorrow
Yeah, YouTube on Apple TV is pretty much useless isn't it?
People can say anything, but when what they say and do are contrary, it's easier to judge by what is done instead of by what is said!
:-) welcome! Kick ass and take names! I'd have your back from afar
Filming commercial today. Learned how to do some special effect nail art. Stay tuned!
well i have to go my tweeters see yall tommorrow
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day!
7 Tips For Landing Cheap Airfare
That finale of smash >>>>>> #sogood I can't wait for next season
And Warped tour here we come XD
come on man! you know a lot about sports lol soccer is my life. even though I admit the game has changed but what sport hasn't?
i am my biggest critic
some dude from southwest high school added me wtf its all about braddock high ;p
lmao was it a good 1 :D
Start out playing ping pong ...now we r going with gladiator mode...MKG is Gladiator!
Here's to hoping that iBooks Author doesn't become the PowerPoint of books...
When people type liiikkkeee this. Omg i do that but i dont crazy for pie.
I should have skipped 1st period.
What about failure? How do we frankly asses when things went wrong
it's a comfortable but awkward silence
I don't play it...but if it were a person, I'd wish it death.
Watching #Oscars! :D
Tour went great! I'll be in touch soon
Happy Birthday!!! You're such an amazing person!!! So glad there are people like you in the world!! Have a wonderful day!!!
yeah buddy :D soo close to a million :3
Follow Friday! and , who directed the 2nd magical Kansas City based film I was a part of, coming this Spring!
ya let dowo run the league shit goes bad quick
Happy Valentines Day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>! I'm looking forward to celebrating tonight with dinner and the Rebels beating TCU!
Sometimes you learn the hard way... Spirit Airlines = never again.
In the 2010 and 2011 regular seasons (includes playoffs) the Browns went 20-3 and 19-2. How will they end up in 2012?
thanks baby steps feels like we are playing in CFL waiting for a tryout in the NFL.....
#FF Green blogs we like.
also gwen can we die WTK is playing a free show at Macy's in manhattan tomorrow sigh
Mayan calendar calls for world to end in 2012 - which happens to be an election year. Prescience or wishful thinking?
Never cried over spilled beer. Why? Cuz I'm still here.
England vs. Brazil up next!
Check out the pure freshness we're coming out with next week! www.BrandOneThree.com. Thoughts?
LOL me too!!
Working in the Bronx's Boston road and adee make sure you move your car before 6 or it will be towed
Im ready!
“Only the mountain has lived long enough to listen objectively to the howl of the wolf.” <U+2015> AldoLeopold
This really just killed my mood man .
Thanks for the follow!
you're welcome diabetes boy.
Not a very busy one. Going to an acting seminar on Sunday. And u?
Life couldn't get better.
it's always been Saturday..
Usher; his sexy self. ;* oh.
What would you like to see in an Art Relish app? Hypothetically, your dream visual art app ...
"Cooperation is no longer about incentives but about removing impediments" Michel Bauwens P2P foundation
I want to get a NC flag & and a St. George's flag for my apartment. (too much?) now…where to procure such items…
I've got fb! I'll DM you my account... I've also got Tumblr... I'll send my url.... I don't give it out to everyone.
umm I will defiantly will fix that issue!!
it's the only blank line left on my recommitment paper! I'm terrified to commit to a singlet size.
I'm fine I got surgery I jus wole up from it. I'm I'm a lot of pain but the doctor said ill be guud enuf to leave by saturday
Drinking with a super hot boy :)
Really really glad the nba is back. Nba is as good as ever
Love is a maze, life is a riddle, and I`m just a little bit caught in the middle.
I just want to watch the caps and the rangers
50% of cars in my condo's garage still no city stickers, how many potholes will be left unfilled?
"Raburn, you can't hit that one. Not up there."
Yes! We ARE getting excited about tomorrow. We've got loads of fun cookie stuff for people to play with.
dear one direction: #yourethereason i have 3 twitter accounts
I want him
Yo mamma maybe! RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend. Is anyone going to #BlackBikeWeekend in Mrytle Beach?
Never let anyone control what your destine to reach which is greatness!
One of America's greatest conductors, choral or otherwise. Robert Shaw, born April 30th, 1916. His beloved #ATL ensembles in the 1p hour.
I hate watching us lose <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Nope! Not true at all RT : I heard a rumor that will be discontinuing its 50% light cheeses?
GOODNIGHT EVERY ONE AND HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO EVERY DAD IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD
Congrats dude!
Very cool! Congratulations!
#RandomTweeting is my middle name
Come on!!! It will be a cool show, no headliners we swap sets. Us, 6MB, Us, 6MB! Going to be fun
My teacher says I give my mother pain. *sigh*.
yes!! aww memories:)
Because we are still in "pre-launch" there is no notification process in place yet. We will when fully launched. I'll check
Tweet to your all-time favorite Karaoke songs
Join Amy Zeldenrust @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 10 a.m. to learn how to grow a great garden in NV. Tomorrow's topic is water conservation.
MUST<U+2605>Follow
Need a little Monday morning pick me up? How about taking a #car2go to go get your fav cup of coffee this morning!?
Advice to a sophomore comms student: be interested in the world, learn about a lot of stuff (not necessarily communications), read widely.
The only thing I can say is Skylar is too good for American Idol! Love her country rock vibe!! On to Nashville!!!!
Wish I was there :-) lol
Tomorrow shall be a better day! :)
RT : miss you too hun! TX needs more girls!
She shaken ass that's her life style
Straight kickin it in da studio
Downtown DCers, don't you need an art break about now? Stroll over to our gallery for great contemporary art from 50 local artists.
actually airs 2 weeks from saturday no? april 29th?
Always looking for help. What did you have in mind?
agreed. No doubt.
Check me out on youtube chinikalanina1977
CA is great! Though it hardly feels like the holidays with this weather. Let me know if you're ever headed west for a visit
oh....exciting!
End of school term
Can we have #Mittens do a #PSA for #bullying? I think it's time he truly apologized for the torture he brought to #LGBT kids his age.
Hi Im Austin Mahone and your watching Disney Channel. RT if you are happy you will NEVER hear this
dude that tweet was like a year ago! Lmao
Why am I not surprised? :-p
It's my Friday at work, hooray.
I'm in a great mood to....
I know but there's next time...
*nice RT : I have such a weird body...
Among coffee consumers the average coffee drinking in the United States is 3.1 cups per day.
Spell the names of the principals properly
it's not it's me.
Sa-weet! Know what you're doing out here yet? Btw, you must hit up a pool party :D
We really are ;3
RT there is no such thing as an unimportant day. #leadfromwithin I agree! :-)
Don't say that! This has literally worked for me, say it will be a good day and it will! Say it won't and you know the rest
Dentist aren't my thing.
I know what you mean.
got yelled at by a homeless person today... #bucketlist item #232 complete
- yeah hers is straight and long down in her back now... but I think it will work on you curly! You got SWAG! werk it! lol...
I did get your DM but it won't let me reply without you following me.
so dope dude! Your league, was mentioned on tonight! hopefully more to come
ah see you should have come over!! I totally forgot about it until real late last night!
u dated Brian adams? Of all people...
don't forget the American flag, lending a helping hand there!
lots of "horrible rumors" twitter spam today. Don't click on links in those messages.
I'd expect an emphasis on innovation; Obama is not a Gingrich-ish name dropper, but Steve Jobs will likely be mentioned. And Bin laden
Friday the 13th, guess as long as this day doesn't follow the movie, all is well. Enjoy! Happy Friday the 13th
How many mature 16 year olds do you know? And you're attacking a child, which is much less humane
Loving this weather this morning in #Dallas! All the windows open in our house.
S/O to all my followers.
What? U and your word usage just kills me. LOL I totally agree w/ u 100%.
would I use something like this event for twitter popularity?
Georgetown student responds to Limbaugh: "This is historically the kind of language...used to silence women." Details coming up on
Here's to NOT plowing into the back of someone cause you were watching their DVD player.
What does it mean when you say two bagger?
Spending cuts! Yeah! Asskissers of liberal America.
pac man can't stop mayweather either!
Waking up to a beautiful sky and many new followers for the foundation just made our day! Thanks for spreading the word !!
Excited to hear this panel-- The Future of Lifestyle Media with
I'm sure if it was reversed you'd admit the same
Lol I wear it 4 me! ": No Female wears Weave for Herself.. Its either For Other Females acceptance or for Men.. Yall dElusional"
Tomorrow's deal looks yummy. BlueFire Bar and Grill inside the Buffalo Marriott. $20 for a $45 voucher!!
lol it is.
Jason Dufner just said his opening round at The Masters included "moments of flustration and surprisement". Quite a wordsmith.
Thanks Guys, we really appreciate it!
it was a fun day !!
In the back by the camera guy - only seats we could snag. :)
Welcome to UB ! We're excited to host your library dates with ! :) If you have any questions, let us know!
me niether i jus wanted u to prove to u that im differant than the niggas u go wit
Hun, That address you gave me is unavailable for shipping, are you sure that is your address? lyy <3
Some lady in kroger told me I have pretty hair...
What a great day lmao, what else can happen
can u follow me plzz
Traffic almost completely stopped on I-85 south near milemarker 91. Ugh.
wishing i lived somewhere where there were sidewalks
I got shot 9 times cut me some slack
yeah I did that like five years ago n was w out a phone for a long time so I learned my lesson lol
Sterling has hushed the room discussing mortality, morality, suicide and blood price for goods, services we use
Candy corn is soon going to turn on aka The Candy Corn Casa Creeper.
16 days, up to episode #38. Will be up to date soon. However, I'll be sad to wait so long between podcasts.
RT : "Business process improvement almost always comes before technology." David Edinger, CPO of Denver.
Anyone checking out #theraven tonight?
Mahomies Love Austin <-- Help & Trend it ! -Ally
you wanna be a painkiller not a vitamin
Amazing how much we can lose or gain at the gym - lose weight, gain information.
Today be blessed, be strong, be beautiful, BE YOU!
I know, we're human. We all want our cake and eat it to at times but Im only for one!!!
SimonThunder refuses radio/magazine interview! "Everything I have to say is on my sites radio/press traffickers r lame n whores 4 sensation"
If you’re not here right now, well, I feel for you.
me too.
Vegas is lovely this time of year, especially at Moorea beach club. TOPTIONAL!
And what's worse, the opposing Goalie always seems to be able to block my shots, while nearly every time the enemy shoots on me it's a goal.
So our guitarist Mikah has left the band as well to pursue other musical interests. We wish him the best in whatever he does.
Yep. Unfortunately, too many bigoted pinheads made it to the polls.
I'm just so frustrated with everything.
U still dwn south?
what time you get off
I need some me time gotta get my thoughts together my mind is everywhere
Any idea of what kind of money Winston got?
He who provides for this life but takes no care for the next is wise for a moment but a fool forever
aww thanks ashley! so is yours! :) you looked gorgeous! :)
if you ever need an outfit to match that stick up your ass....then gimme a call.
Virtual Browse is tool being developed at NCSU to respond to scholars' need for serendipitous find
“: <U+E230> currently having a private party! <U+E402><U+E312><U+E310>”India arie my FAV
already did. I love her too!
So it finally happened I finally snap....
The endurance bank will have better ROI this year. Will cash it for my A races.
If we can only be together in my dreams.. I want to sleep forever<U+2661>
“: You got blue balls from Ru Paul in a pool hall.”
OMG #yourethereason by was PERFECT <3 The music video was so beautiful!
Me too RT : I wanna fuck
So thankful I'm not in jail right now
So I wonder if Michael Jackson still had a black person's penis when he was white?
Kevin no
I hope Peter Forsberg helps us get to the playoffs. Do you still think he has it?
Establish pilot and plan for social media success
Oh hipsters and their roadbikes. Ha. How silly.
we just followed up with Scott via email. Let us know if you have any additional questions!
You know your fucked up when you hide with the whole softball team behind the school so coach doesn't see you.
I'm bout to be hittin da sheets in a min got to go to work and then see wats up wit my car once again hope for da best i really need to get.
what u got up tomorrow?
"I b tryin to chill, bitches wanna fck me...shorty must've heard, got the word, I move "D" had it by her bladder she like ooh I gotta pee"
ah - thought you were local #smgirlfriends Kids go to LosAl?
“: INSIDIOUS was great! Could be the best PG-13 #horror movie ever!” agreed!!
Was just verbally assaulted by a homeless man in red boxer briefs. Thanks NYC! Lol
See you there!
Here's to hoping justice will finally be served for Srebrenica victims and their families.
I had a crap day too. I hope things get better for you fast.
That moment when u get so high u consider not smokin anymore lol O_o
": Got my new workout skirt today, just in time for this week's long run! Thank you! So excited to run in it!"
Enjoying hearing the rain fall outside. Such a nice day for taking a nap.
i just peed on the carpet 4 times in 4 dif places in the matter of 10 min. The Kissy lady looks pisssssed, no put intended =(
how did you do it? Seriously, everyday i get further behind! #whatsthesecret?
Especially with the ridiculous "formula" that proves that women = evil. Collectively, humans as a species are so dumb.
Repubs use the debt as an excuse to cut social programs, why else has every modern R POTUS massively increased it?
Just breathe hoe
how to delete flex markers in logic.. friday night what what
also be willing to walk away if it doesn't work out. And don't discuss financing or trade-ins until after agreement on price.
done:) x
We are all chum.
My TL is a Combo of tweets Love & Hate for either the #Lakers or
Whenever I'm depressed I like to cut myself..... a nice big piece of cake. :')
latest iTunes update has made all the text look like shit!
Celebrate America and Summer Vacation with this weeks Custom and Micro Beds! Up now on productionvault!
Too many. But I'll go with the next from the Swingers guy: "Go".
America's Got Talent?
hit me up bro, been trying to reach u at ur email addy!
As of now djlilsyn.com is still down but will be up by tomorrow afternoon
Museum Bar should Let Carlos run the place
This lightning almost gave me a heart attack several times.
solid sketchy night with , , and
Check out the interview MVP did with the Miami Herald. Lots of great stuff including a bunch on Lord of War.
wait it really does that for ALL the colleges? That's ridiculous! (I can't wait until Fordham day for me!!)
oh hell naaaaaa i will throw a cookie to the fire and u will go running after it and u will brun to death >:)
I seen a lot of tweets that sound like fortune cookie bullshit lol
hate cleaning.. |:
Rock Chalk Luke!
Teamobieber<U+2665> let's keep it trending! TeAmoBieber<U+2665>
HUH? Claim a cash prize???
can you brine a frozen turkey that has been thawed, or do you need to use a fresh one?
Are chemical companies to blame when my own boogers make my mouth numb? I guess you can't even safely eat your own boogers anymore?
Congrats on getting back in the field today!
I can get you two because my dad's a cast member but I have to ask! :)
hey im symmetrical as shit
This is awesome I want to play IU and Duke so bad!!
good news!!!!
On the other hand, feeling so sick is not fun. Meh.
No doubt, Flex is a Beast! One of My Favorite Competitors! Wow! You Must really like him! Lol
there are so many topics and debates- twitter is really wonderful for that! But for my own sanity I have to pick my battles
GROSS and ASTONISHING.
My family is full of #lawyers. Worked for solos for over 25 years. I luv my #attorneys!
Haha so is that RT considered a YES?
you guys should check out Orggit! It's your life on the cloud.www.orggit.com
kinda wish i had school today! wanna see
ok W.E he is to me he might not to you but is very handsome :)
By the end of the #weekend we will know who is going to play #BYU in the #BellAFB. We can't wait to see who it's going to be!
Its hard to digger your boyfriend when he's a ninja.
Is your dj at Miami's best happy hour now til midnight at Area 31, 16th floor of the EPIC Hotel..
wow am I finally going to get to see the digiboard?
I've gotten more pissed off today than I have in the last few weeks combined. Oops.
i have the bestfriends in the world, justsayin :)
Mr.Thunder6+Octave voice=Singing any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistry&wishUwere me!
Bill Clinton is at the NRF Trade Show
Hi Fred thanks for following me l look forward to getting to know you better who knows maybe someday we could work together?
the story bout the Nats puttin icy hot in Strasburg's jock strap yesterday is HILARIOUS. Definitely explains why he got ROCKED by the Padres
I don't even remember half of this piranas movie.... lol
Oracle and Java were no match for Android, Google says
I wont give up on you
It's raining and shitty now im a brat
Good Morning, Friends! ;-) RT : i feel so out of touch
Cmon Penguins get yourself together.
Hey! I would love to interview! I will hit you up after my Temple Grandin interview! ! Thank you!!
I look at my generation and I find #hope... The people in power may call us young and naive but buddy #change was meant to happen
We should start a band. :)
Busy, busy, busy... Now booking model development #photoshoots for September.
Prices are very competitive and delivery is timely. They offer PowerPoint templates for various sizes. A sure fit!
hahaha I'm coaching from home!
RT : Breaking news on #CNN now: Plot to blow up U.S.-bound jet foiled
Congratulations to JFG Career Coach Cindy Clark for receiving the "Unsung Heroes Award" from the Department of Juvenile Justice.
she HATES that song. I've never actually heard it. I've heard her version of it.
waiting out the fire alarm. its all will power and headphones
Everybody and their grandmas be thinking they're artists.
Happy #Easter to every one :)
Everyone wants to be good at basketball but no one wants to work hard to get there
Yes Thank You XOX
there response to that might help narrow the contendors of who it might be.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some custody orders have detailed provisions for international travel with the children, and others do not.
I never said it had to be you. I just said someone in general. But no fat chicks.
lol! I highly doubt it
Good luck jul! RT : My Surgery is finally tomorrow, pray for me!
Finished a Christmas tune for the new Hey! It's Christmas comp (will be out soon!). Ye olde Scottish/French carol. Details soon!
true story. well, we know how to spell them anyways.
Upfronts are next week. Why are all the shows getting officially renewed/cancelled/picked up this week? I can't keep up!
Now that would be great! Interesting major as well. Really outside the box.
and it's only may, what the hell?
Homework break at Orange Leaf...thank you Mama Chavez :))
hey oh!
hey stranger! we gotta get to a game hunny bunches :-P
time to get swole and faster this summer lol
Hey Donnie my bday is Sunday can you please tweet me im one of your biggest fans and it would mean the world to me.
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
gettin' hungry. Thanks for sharing :)
that makes me so sad! I love him! This is like blowing my mind bc I like just watched 2.5 then this happened
already sitting in moscone with my badge!
lmao high school & middle school days
I have a strong feeling somebody gone get cursed out from A-Z REAL SOON.
Bulls game, myself quarters not periods. Then I remembered, so was/is playoff hockey... ;)
Heart-breaking stories from #parents of kids w/ #differences tonight
Could you just move that over 1/2 a pixel?
Expert: Another woman woke up with ax on nightstand next morning. Realized she texted partner, said she saw someone in kitchen. No memory.
nope found that one. Heard it M/T but it was when I was hitting "snooze" beginning to think I imagined it... Thanks for trying!
RT Recommendation: misread either "dear husband" for "digital humanities" (or vice versa, depending on context) for uses of "DH"
At each level of play in the celebrity poker tournament, a re-buy is available for $200 for an open bracket to the final table.
Lol! I'm grown... You need to be in bed...Lol
It's his grandpa!
night twitter~peace again
what's up people?? New shitz coming sooonnnnnnnnn
I wish you could go to prom with me that would be amazing
you can have her, i hate girls ! Goodnight big bro!
That's the only explanation..it was too real!!! There is NO faking in that moaning there. lol
I GOTTA COUPLE STACKS NA ROGER DAT
#FF = Follow Friday... We are recommending good stuff for you to follow!
wow, after canvass fmr NC Sen Shaw (D) now in 3rd place in Senate 21 primary by just 4 votes!!! will be runoff but not w/ Shaw
nice im spanish to i asked because my aunts name is carolina lol and you a Mahomie:D
It's 1:33 in the morning and I just finished doing my makeup . . . Im such a girl ( ; Haha. Been a good day today ( :
Love <U+2665> by ! All of us are excited about your show center!
Duke professor leaves classroom, hopes to restore importance of language ... - News &amp; Observer
i got no problem with LA, hope yall win this series eventually. Gasol is my white boy. haha
thank you. wish there was more we could do for family--unimaginable heartache.
Overheard conversation, "Guess what?? I'm becoming a slut again! I hooked up with two people this weekend!! YES!!"
I want sum nuggets from uh.. wendys
Gonna take a ride east to see my brother and listen to some very much needed Fleetwood Mac.
Big bday smooches to my love, !
90% of those students carry a balance month-to-month
Many thanks to the c, g, and e crew on NOWK. They made it happen!
Watching dead poets society and they just referenced a collect call.
Wish TNT inside the nba had an App where I could listen in
Oh I would so love to join but this is a really tough work week for me. Really glad to know about it though!
I just want a cowboy damit!!!!
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
are there 2 vietnam cafes?
I think im sick
That's funny "clod" should be "cold". ;-)
Everybody has a say, it depends whether they want to be heard or not
I got around to buying Gutenberg-Loved it! As an ed technologist I love the concept of the "slowness" of disruption of the net.
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Heard back from HQ. Sadly you guys won't cover the repair. :( I understand why, but it still stinks.
#FoxSportsNetwork seems to favor Iowa rather than the east coast. #MajorFailure College football is not their strength.
how old r u
: - I have the same setup - I'm sitting Fitz. Ryan is due for a big game and it'll need to be a shootout.
Random girl to me while passing in the street "God Loves You" -- very nice thing to say but very random while crossing street.
more longterm? RT : #lsmplace it costs as much to build a bad building as to build a good one. Same with a street
M. I may have to get those growing next season, they sound great.
As much as I hate bio, Derek Tom and Alexandra are too funny<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Hoping all my beautiful chicas had an amazing mamas day u all deserve it!!!!!!
Thank you for following us on Twitter. We are following you as well. =)
Outreach concerts at Aspire East Palo Alto Charter School and the Encinal School in Atherton today.
My goal is to write about Mysticism, Islamic and Christian and how it can heal the rift with science (rift from theology).
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber
you actually said "lol"?
never been a fan of Ron Artest since he had that fight in the stands a few years ago. Not surprised.
is ayo bates in ur room
Real niggas do real things RT : cool. I hate when niggaz play cool and won't hit a few buttons for u
Freakin freezing monkey balls out here
Just a reminder, HIBF 2012 will be on Sat, April 14 from 11:00 to 5:00. The event is completely free and open to the public
Thanks! We designed a bracelet to support the 50 Finest celebration. We donated $10 from each bracelet. We <3 fundraisers!
i got a big day today. 200m finalist for City Championship
u can be kwan's cousin from Korea
feel like I should whisper this. Almost finished #editing! Should be done Saturday. How bout u? Anything from agent?
Me and my husband take public display of our affection for each other to a whole other level smh we damn near got it in on the bowling lane!
:( I'm going on tcoc today <3
Is it just me or is your HD channel mostly just a SD feed?
Opening at 6:45am Friday for World Cup Opener (Mexico vs South Africa). Also showing France vs Uruguay at 11:30am.
when I go to reply, it still has it! O;
need an eye patch delivered to mcfaddens
We were at the Aon building earlier... RT : where's the food truck today?
Appreciate the RT's :)
I don't know what to do with myself. I have all these updates to read.
#PrayForCaitlin She Has Stomach Cancer<3
I find it so entertaining when I walk around my floor and hear Call Me Maybe being blasted from the bro rooms
I'm enjoying the sense of community I feel with all these #AtTheDriveIn fans coming out of the woodwork this past week. That is all.
Wow! Our photo grad is headed to Antarctica! MT I've been chosen to be an Artist-in-Residence on an Argentine scientific base
Woke up late for work. Got pulled over on the way to work. Friday can't get here fast enough
Obama: 'the money we spent on war - take half to pay our debt and take the other half to put into nation building at home'
did you message their Facebook page and ask where they found it?
Check out "Girls that Can Kick Your Ass" - Jean Fry - in this month's Power magazine!! She's my BFF and she is absolutely amazing :)
This pizza and garlic bread
I really hate when i'm texting a guy i like and they don't text back .. fml .
I have teased him for 31 years about it. LOL": That's funny.... #WellNotForHim : )"
Thanks for your input. We're working to expand options at Terminal 2 within the next year. Stay tuned.
In the end, I can't help but think it's just better etiquette to start w/ business-dedicated methods.
Seems like the last day of the year makes you think about everything you do. =)
Is that Wilmer Valderrama in your Twitter picture background?!
I kinda wanna be the dude who carries the question mark sign at Trader Joe's
If they honestly think he's got a future, they screwed him tonight. Stupid to bury a champ
She also pushed for govt insurance to cover sex change operations.
Nothing capable of being memorized is history.
Great PRSA media breakfast this morning!
DAVE THE MINION FROM DESPICABLE ME.(:
This is one of those nights I'll remember after Dirk retires. Team -> Dirk's back.
Anyone wanna get something to eat?
Maybe shes workin on becoming a saddle whisperer. :)
According to english, I have a reading level of a 7th grader. In 8th grade I had a college reading level. Somethings not righ.
I say, if you can't find it, Google it!!
breaks the kiss and puts you down but pulls you close to me
CBRE Wins CoreNet Global Innovator's Award for Global LaborView Platform
Wtf was that call??
So we started out going to the #SDFair and ended up at #Disneyland. What's a few more miles?! Yeah, that's how we roll. ;)~
text me you fool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Can't tell u how many x's her friends "Ur mom has twitter? Uh That's weird! She has more followers than me."
Facebook's Marne Levine: "Right to be forgotten" not very realistic
I miss you baaaabygirl!
great game last night & awesome series! We are all glad you are a true Vancouver Canuck! Welcome to Canada bitch!
ps that cookie was good
What types of tells were you picking up on players at the final table?
shock ur nipples jordan...dont do it
Just got back from a wonderful vacation visiting my family in OR! Have to love the NW summers when compared to our Phoenix HEAT.
Tough times never last tough people do
just want to make an ass out of you and me.
Not in my backyard! Plymouth residents rally against proposed high voltage power line. Story on 12 at 4,5, & 6 o'clock.
In serious danger of this being the year my #Nats fandom overtakes my #Braves fandom. Is the seventh #DC summer the charm?
Thank you for the inspiration, Leslie!
One night your gonna lay in bed, and think of me, and wish that things can be the way they used to be </3
Happy New Year tweeps!
I've graduated to the Hot & Spicy favors of ramen. I think that means I'm finally a man.
I'm satisfying guilty pleasures. #TheXFiles Up to Season-5.
Can u say a watcher!! It caught me..
Giving thanks for divinely orchestrated detours. dmp
Much thanks for the #FF shout-outs!
well yeah he may just go there to retire and do mission trips.
WELL THE CHALLENGE HAS BEEN PRESENTED SO NOW WHERE IS THE BATTLE FIELD AND WHEN?
#BandsILove ONE DIRECTION, and A Day To Remember
Nude is all over the red carpet! Loving it!
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. -Ray Bradbury
How to get two little boys who don't know each other to immediately know each other: So, guys, what video games do you like?
No worries. :D Yes, I love them. They're the perfect couple and run a fantastic business. I live a block away and actually have.
We walked Madeleine Albright to the car and before she left and said to us: "I can't leave without shaking all your hands." Classy.
Two steps ahead of you, we are going to Camp Sunshine on June 11th
I wanna slap the fucking bitches that broke Austin's heart. He doesnt deserve it.
Self-will so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on. -Richard Cecil
#BOYFRIENDReview It shows us that you're growing up but you still follow your heart!!
/it's you/
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont sleeping with socks.
" It's always too soon to quit" - Norman Vincent Peale
Each type of is blended for differing uses and flavors. Which olive oil is your "go to" choice?
Good band RT : Fab photo shoot with wrapped. The sun is shining, I have a big glass of vinho verde..
I've felt it coming all season but tonight clinched it: I no longer love Roger. He is terrible.
oh you're so witty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
What's up my twits
Sorry had me sittin on your lap hah! Pray for him!
don't be afraid of the dark is so god!! the ending was soo #sad. Why did it have to end that way? :'(
#FunFactAboutMe I never knew that tomato was spelled without an 'e', cuz tomatoes has one -- glad I checked
Practicing song "Live On", hopeful to get it recorded. Tongo is in a halt
#fspam5k Day. Celebrate by growing a beard.
as long as u have Blackstreet u don't need anything else ;)
Everyone my prom June1 who comming?
i want to meet this guy. Maybe he is a super hero at night that fights bay area crime on 6th street!
Let's go Los Angeles Kings!
Woaaaahhhh he is stripping hahaha .... His body is real nice but that doesn't even look real.
This show will always be remembered as the tornado show !
Oh how I'm going to miss my Desperate Housewives
Too many Mosquitos. I'm not trying to catch Malaria
I'm an actor that's a conservative, and refuses to let liberals dominate the industry. If it burns my career, well...
Video would be pretty great, especially since this is a popular topic!
previous questions referenced
He is an incredibly resourceful individual who often teaches himself only needing snippets of internet pages alone2 do so
"y'all some high rollers and y'all broke"... debo
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
It's chill, you don't needa text me back!
Biggie's and Pac's story are still so sad everytime I hear it
Youve got that right. lol Every country, every issue, every solution. Almost "every", I should say.
Just wrapped up shooting video and photos for cancer prom. Lots of fun and smiles.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
who makes this beautiful light?
have I googled santorum?! Mon frere, I've been around the tubes long enuf to have sent in a suggestion to Savage's original poll!
seeing your smile is the b e s t part of my day. (:
its obvious to me now i still care so much about him.....
#iwasthinkin that California is the place to be!
woo-hoo “: AP: Mississippi voters reject ballot initiative 26, "personhood amendment"”
Pretty nice seats for Mike T. at the bucco game.
Hey fans! Any fun weekend plans?
Describing medieval blindstamped bindings is an exercise in making up adjectives.
playstub.com has a new homepage. What do you guys think?
A no-no for Roy!!!! The legend of Doctober begins!!!!!!
Happy Birthday!
RT : I'm excited to be part of my first #ThatCamp in June. Thanks, !
hey look forward to visiting the new space - congrats on move to new DUMBO!
Chris Brown, you blew it... Jumping on blocks does not a "grammy comeback" make...
I rather hold my head high and die, then live and duck
I agree...he's been a tremendous addition! Great find by Chad Buchanan & his staff.
Cookie baking with my mom and kids tonight. Can't go. Next time.
Snorts & Snores right back :)
Tonight we shall.
Los Angeles looks lil better Thurs/Fri... and again next week! :o) RT : Can you fix LA weather?!? Gloomy and cold. Geez.
RT "Prayer honors God, acknowledges His being, exalts His power, adores His providence, secures His aid." E. M. Bounds
is listening to the sounds of silence, whirring computer fan and keening LCD, wondering where this conversation is going.
I wanted Raven to win, but also Tyra was pretty good! Good Luck to all of them, hoping Episode 3 will be cool as the other ones!
"When you innovate, you've got to be prepared for everyone telling you you're nuts." Larry Ellison, CEO of Oracle.
And people say LeBron's "The Decision" was a horrible thing to do. It's getting worse every day.
Before 1850 clothes were hand stitched by those that wore them. Clothes were not made for fashion, but rather for commodity.
DS: If Flacco wants Top 5 $$$ for a QB, dueces. See ya later bud. I think his agent is just trying to boost his value, but we'll see.
it was great! Clean and organized. We'll see how long it lasts that way.
-Follow mee ; I follow back(:
It's game time!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: D’Angelo McLinton °Rising 11th °Shreveport, LA °Travel Team: Fair Park High School °Point Guard 5’9
The more love you give out~ the more love you produce within yourself.
How does this work?
Miami is killing NY!!!!
im kennedy . lolol . but Kennedy is kennedy franklin . princeton and her had some kind of " thing " going on earlier .
During convo about if we would ever bring #Beertown back... EYQ: "Can we have a pot-luck salad bar instead of dessert bar?"
How long will it last?
Life advice from : "We should all give up." This is why I love this woman.
thanks so much for the follow Jenni! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
RT : Going to be sharing something VERY interesting about Pinterest in the first 5 minutes of #higheredlive today.[I'm interested]
So what the deal ridaz?
send resumes to
coaching + training = 88% in team productivity! Trove, Inc. can help. This is the season for company off sights.
I am..but crap nasty fool
": just seems like something you would tell me YOURSELF" I told exactly NOBODY...lol u know how it is
that's why you always have to have that backup gym bag in the car!
Being a Cowboys fan is detrimental to my health for sure!
You're much too pretty to be Sasquatch...and I say that in a non-gay way.
someone thinks I am someone else, Dawn Reese Show is A New show that is out , and there are other Dawn M Reese out there, Do your Research
A comfy Canyon Group chenille robe is a holiday gift she will LOVE! Made entirely in the USA! www.rosegardenboutique.com
Enjoying the many amenities at the fantastic for the #ASLRRA2012. Great job, guys.
and I was at the doctors :(
They are playing Christopher Cross' "ride like the wind" in Safeway. Only one of the moat badass songs EVER.
In 3 Weeks it goes down at the MGM #MayweatherCotto can't wait. Finally 24/7 starts tonight too
Oil sands pronunciation guide. RT : For the record, I am pro- bit-chew-min, and anti- bit-ah-min, beh-too-min and Bye-two-minh
We like Ohio nachos more than some people sometimes. Especially if you don't have to share. ; )
This case of the Mondays I can handle. Full afternoon of rock climbing planned at The Edge Rock Gym in Jax!
Wil do!!!! Im Getting old lol
get ya some then i bet you be walking alot :( you might also need a foot massage too tho if you lived close i would provide dat
congrats!!! Keep it up, YOU CAN DOIT!
Today 1942: Joseph McCarthy, later famous for communist witch hunts, was sworn in as a 1st Lt. in the Marines. As an Intelligence officer.
also great gif
Happy Passover and Happy Easter to my ppl!!! : ) xx
That I cannot buy or believe! NOT!!
Depart of Energy states that America’s buildings account for approx 40% of total U.S. energy consumption, costing $400 billion annually.
Pretty sure I would hate a chef or a restaurant that banishes onions or garlic.
I can't do this crap anymore! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I just want to go too bed.
When you watch the highlights of the game Lakers should of won..
"This cock ain't gonna cum by itself." - me to you.
"If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." Vincent Van Gogh
Hi Sam! I'd be happy to help you w/rental. I went to Nova from 89-91 too! Send e-mail to josie(dot)mazz(at)allentate(dot)com
We know you would Example A: Roshons EP Release! LOL!
Wanna play with Molotov Solution and Rose Funeral? Email !
Have fun! : I'm off today...and tomorrow...and the weekend...and...wait for it...I'm off Monday, too! #YayYayYay !
you are rappers and producers
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt -- Charles M. Schulz
hear hear to that! Everyone knows SNSD will win if they are even an option, not much of a chance for anyone else!
It's true, I eat Halal all the time
I feel the exact same WaY
Subtweeting yourself? RT : SHUT THE FUCK UP ALREADY NO ONE CARES, DAMN.
Top issues here. Higher Education costs are out of control and cut constant cuts to K-12 are unacceptable.
Kid: Na! Na! Na! Mom? Parent: If you keep doing that, I won't listen to you. Kid: Na! Na! Na! Mom? Parent: What do you want??
I think I might make Bag next on my reading docket. I just love it. It's been a fabulous reading year so far.
that's what we were saying too - WAY EARLY!
Lmfao the giraffe in ZooKeeper is lol funny haha
U R are so sweet! This day is so beautiful! I'm w my grandson Zaden! 3/29 is an amazing date in my life! Thanks for remembering!
Thanks for the follow guys! Love your website...
Silver lining is a good place to start
Just Finished My Math Test... Don't Think I Did So Good :/
Hate this.
Hard to believe with those blades growing out of your fingers.
In the midst of being tamed........
We become what we pretend to be, so be careful about what you pretend to be.
cont...VEKS-3,...and many more!!!..4-10 pm,.PLACE GALLERY, corner,of MAIN AND CHARLESTON,..LV,NV!!!!
Sofia is BEAUTIFUL!
thank you! wonderfantabulous? I will do my darndest! :D
i dont trust these bitches i dont i dont trust these bitches cause they all have me trippin
Mormons don't use a cross as symbolic as it symbolizes Christ's death rather than his resurrection.
make the rice OH SNAP IM A FOOD COOK :] ehhehheheh yah yah im a good cook takes Skills to make this shiznets!!
avengers w/ my sis today for the bday. ain't tryin to do too much.
Actually it's Fri 4/20 presents digital content symposium. Looking forward to Q&A with faculty.
please release #HyruleHistoria in English! You won't regret it!
Problem of big banks has parallels with extinction of dinosaurs. Global economy can't heal without elimination of these outsize parasites.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
HOUSE OF COATES, Brad Zellar. Intimate, solemn, heroic, gritty spotlight on normally unnoticed landscapes, interiors, & people.
Early going Friday I have plays posted from 92 cappers with 4 college consensus so far and off a 2-2 day with consensus plays..Back later
ugh i still haven't done my geometry hw, that i been having to do since friday..
That shift wore me out
I hope Metta World Piece just fucks the Thunder up
Tommy Wells is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 6
"If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate." #andypoll: share your favorite saying.
Theres nothin a little saturday night live cant fix.
Myself and ! RT : Any NYC runners running Broad Street on Sunday?
Braces off!!!
Should be interesting RT : Gertzog: American Needle widely misunderstd, #nfl not single entity. expects win on rule of reason
nope, didn't look like he touched him.
Most definitely! Juniors are ready.
Yep. Wear hats, use sunscreen. Been there, done that.
Happily distributing em dash how-to info like Johnny Appleseed. For macs: shit+option+hyphen = —
Both offenses go scoreless on their first series. First-team O back on the field, starting at their 39
#friendsatsnarfs = #friends4life has been done a thing. since the grand opening on march 1st..
No I'm not lucky, I'm blessed..yes.
Schiraldi: Only high-risk, dangerous kids should be in facilities. Kids should be treated in homes whenever possible.
Straight flame
what is it called
Maybe I should paint my nails before I bite them all off
Really, Can I feel it?
I have been off Twitter for a few days. I thought I'd come back on with nothing but insight but, like Justin Beiber, I got nothing.
candles, i want candles.
Via , if Dale Hunter were to leave the #Caps, possible replacements include Paul Maurice, Marc Crawford or Bob Hartley.
We're on holiday vacation after today, so until next year, Have a Happy, Healthy, Safe, and ROCKING Christmas & New Year! KEEP ON ROCKING!!
hey srry for late reply been busy
whoops, i dunno! :-X
YOOOOO JR SMITHS DUNK >>>>>>>
i want my old life back ! why does my life have to be affected because of this ?! i just want my daddy back .
The Giants are the favorite to clench the NFC East in our Facebook Challenge question this week. Submit your answer to win $10!
Students at Corrales Elem. School are being dismissed due to an water outage.
Why thank u ;-) RT : That blue verified check looks good on you. :)
It feels so good to relax after a long, easy day at work. Lol It's for sure not always easy so I'll take it when I can.
Right. That nuance it tough to explain to someone who watched Cronkite and could believe every word.
Gonna get aggressive. did we just become best friends
Hey lady...Happy New Year!!! :)
thanks, sorry this is so late! I am super excited about the place! Glad you like it! :)
This is going to be a very long night, I can already tell. I`m going to need some coffee.
liked the price change letter - very nicely said. can't wait to give you all kinds of shit about it tomorrow.
#4famouswords I met someone else.
MacPherson Group and Associates love the Charity in Bloom Arrangements!
doctor appt again?
Dang that didn't help
just got a ticket from the boys in blue cos #nyc needs to meet their quota for the month!
Mad in love sometimes make the lovers crazier and they start describing the world as if they have just found out about its beauty
how was your first day back?
agree.. turn down the volume
Amen sista! Miss you, and y'all, you're in for a treat this season. Melissa is ON like DONKEY KONG! Figaro Figaro
Back to school tomorrow -__-
#AwkwardMoment when you realize that you shouldn't have sent that text.
hey-- are you in Boston this weekend? I'm here for the Sloan conference; heading over to tour Sam Adams now...
I ain't goin' I gotta get a stunt gun just in case I have to sit his ass down one day, Imma do like the kid off of Hangover
So sorry Dawn! Thinking of your Simba!
Thing I hate about the new job is the fact I am taking more United flights. No status. Always last in line.
Great new member coffee with in La Jolla this morning. PS, pumpkin spice lattes at SBUX are delicious!
it reminds me of us..<3
I'm heading to the concert at 3:30-4 o'clock if your down to get a good spot hmu. We'll be camping out. Bring supplies
I want to hang out with you guys!
Minneapolis may be my favorite airport so far.
#crowdsourcing experiment #1: tweet back with a pic of the #fullmoon from your vantage point if you can see it
I do agree he is adorable and so sweet! He will one day I will make sure of it even if we have to write Dan letters
yeah he said tht. And u usually do tho. I didnt even get him
Tried the salty caramel shake at Good Stuff today. Pretty damn tasty.
Happy vday to all the love birds out there
Official US Navy War of 1812 commemorations
Possibly my last ortho check before my braces come off. If only you could see my excitement right now.
I love a rascal.
Don't forget to pick up your Twitter Sticker at Registration to share your Twitter handle w/the rest of the #CLbrT2012 attendees!
we can help eachother achieve our dreams Bro #muchlove RT
Aww, well next week, we will ALL be back. And drugs?? Oh man! The excitement always happens when Im gone ;)
Not good when your backup drive starts to look like a black hole. bit.ly/q34IgU
Only during the summer. Now until the end of July. First tournament in Tybee Island next weekend
I will be able to spin the party in LA. If you provide sound, I will have the tables
Have a COLD ONE for me.....
where at bros?
The majority of what we call management consists of making it tough for people to get their work completed.
agree, how we view and share is different but the hard set television isn't dead.
In tea production artificial rolling of the leaves releases juices and enzymes that cause fermentation, later controlled by applying heat.
Congratulations Tori and Dean!
Thinking of failure as the enemy of #success? You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it
Hey cuz gonna try & tune in from LA & listen to you & Tristen on the radio. Luv & miss u guys lots! XoXoXo. :)
What explains smartness of groups? Hint: individual intelligence of the members doesn't explain much of the variance. #NEASC11 Chabris
Everyone should follow
They Mow the lawn at our school everyday
AutoHarvest, DHS and TARDEC Sign Technological Innovation Information Collaboration Agreement
RT : Preparing for the 450th dedication ceremony tomorrow. Also a weekend of living history to come
oh ok I see
ITS A FUMBLE....Broncos ball
I'm 21 As Of 49 Minutes Ago....Time To Go Ham
Make no mistake about it. Obama administration has given a green light to black savages to attack white people, they won't be arrested. BANG
I HAVE BEEN UNDER MORE THAN NORMAL STRESS. STRESS IN MY OPINION RIGHT IS LIVING AS AN ALBINO IN TANZANIA, NOW THAT WOULD BE STRESSFUL.
Thanks for retweeting the Kathy Ireland video!
I wish you could care as much as i do .
Sometimes the crap that goes viral on the Internet still surprises me.
now you know how I feel -_-
and those who don't get it dont get they dont get it. glad i get it.
Power of the people is stronger than the people in power
Why is McDonald's Coke superior to all over Cokes? Discuss.
Connected Ladies in Canada - Meet brands face 2 face in Toronto October 20 -could attend for FREE www.shesconnectedconference.com
The power went off in my whole neighborhood and I'm afraid of the dark...eeep!
you can say that again :-)
Don't forget that Panther Creek offers holiday gift certifitcates. Nothing says "I love you" more than a pallet of sod!
oh missed the part about already having an LTE phone. Guess in your case it paid to be an early adopter
RT : People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. -#nevergiveup rt
To my Beloved Friends: I sincerely apologize for the next several years of shameless self-promotion. Please still love me :)
depends what your definition of acceptable is.
Thanks brother, hope the family and love ones good as well. RT : Good Stuff homie!
navigate to the gh-pages branch for content, as indicated in the master branch readme
how much u trying to spend?
Just beyond amethyst violet is the vibration you can't see. Ultraviolet. You can think it. The answer is yes and the feeling.
and why is that?
Yeah, but this time with Johnny Depp! (Cough) RT : Tim Burton Makes Same Movie Again
It wasn't about you!
Being forced out of the house. I better have a fun ass day or I'll be pissed.
My boyfriend : cute , funny , sweet , a simp lol , diary , bestfriend , smart , & pretty close to perfect <3
If you ain't doing anything with the few opportunities you have now...Don't think you would do something with more opportunities?
Tonight Atlanta!! Go see at for some serious musical satisfaction.
We've got DJ Beach at Chi Cha tonight. Hookah anyone?
true I'm bout to text ya neighbor we blowing twitter up lol
Thanks for the suggestion! We're always looking for inspiration!
ever had that feeling when you are hungry but you don't know what to eat and you don't feel like eating but your stomach's really hungry?=(
Nice to be back in the land of Enchantment. Happy Monday everyone! from
dude be getting it popping... Very smart rapper Chris!
i had strawberries, champagne and chocolate for dinner last night, and i decided i'm going to start doing that every night for dinner
right on, hadnt heard that weezy track.Nice! "Politics as usual" was my joint too!
wow I hate you
u are a nut!!!LOL! Enjoy your time while they are in school!
oh no what's happened??
you should buy old albums of cynthia stewart an listen till your ears fall off
I love song "Sleazy" haha... I guess you can call me sleazy... Cuz I'm def feeling this song! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
saturday's panel was well attended, thanks to all who came!
awww thanks darlin! Miss your face.
So hard to get noticed by these days... It's because of all the mahomies!
#Rangers on the board on their first shot
I have really sharp pains between my neck and shoulders :(
hey niall!! how have you been doing? hope you like Australia! :)
frostwire is messed up point blank
so, how many reproductive cells does it kill? lol
Woke up late and tired!!!!
This medicine is making me hungry as fuck..
I just wanna fuck u cause u cute .so wat do it do ?
must... resist... tvtropes...
Clouds will continue to be stubborn through most of today, latest forecast info suggests clearing after 5-6pm for
Make sure you frisk me good. Check my panties and my bra
yes, i got tickets, membership card, the computer stick and letter in my package
Saw this happen last night! Very scary. Glad he's okay.
Who wants to go see the dictator tomorrow?
Waiting for a human to OK my account, and then I'll sign in to vote. Haven't forgotten you!
congrats! What class/prof is your last?
#dejablackout you're ruining my back bay experience right now.
Little sisters softball game :)
save your energy for LA :)
that's still a thing? ew.
Appreciate the follow!
Come on guys hurry up they are going like hotcakes!!
Neal Dhand & crew! Congrats on directing the fest's first sold out show-Second-Story Man. Save us a seat tonight! #ROC 3360365
Cool! As this technology becomes commonplace, #millennials won't have to take a pay cut for access and remote offices.
"You've got a problem, Candy Man." "I make the world go 'round." Haha
#np Chasing After You
this person really got me fucked up...
na just chillin listening to protest the hero whats up?
im just passing through not going there :/
Dancing, smizing with fellow Okies, and Ursher??? Sounds like the perfect night!
Been in school for 2 weeks and already ready for it to be over.
Boston Will play Philadelphia in the second round for the 3rd consecutive year...... Just, a little different this time.
#Cancer where MB will take you on your birthday: water park
Give Me A Shout Out
FINALLY a Bears app. Bear down!!!
Sometimes apps I have not downloaded appear on my phone :/
Damn I'm getting fat
Hit like if you started your day with 2 cups (16 ounces) of water.
um... it's not? In theory can I call you white Travis?
Teach me how to rewind, rewind.
Hello Emmett: Thanks for the follow. I like the work you are doing on Jordan's River. Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
You two are really annoying
minor procedure, grant hill, who is 37, came back in 2 weeks this season w/same. Horford had surgery for torn pectoral
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
That Rango movie it is so good , excellent...
thanks for passing along our articles to your friends!
and do the mice have weapons? a manifesto? Do we *know* they are not indigenous?
Even mike tyson thinks my voice is high
Im a typically a Brewer apologist but Ive been pulling my hair out for a week now. LOL Im starting over tonight
I hate when girls wanna trip, not be friends, and call me names..over a boy that im not even stunting smh
experienced #android development for #apps and native
It was great. Talks on reducing arrhythmia, homebrew sleep sensing, goal setting and social networking aggregation. Video soon!
Begining to doubt the idea of a video. But I ain't sure yet.
Louis Spraggins is a hater. That's it #thatsall LMBAO!
thx for the shout out gurl ;)
he said that he wouldn't pay to see ja rule hologram, he called him bloody butt and he said rule is done cuz of his album sells
Except that the Giants HIT in the playoffs, and the Phillies dont...kind of sad.
I called them on it and told them abt Em's live tweets. Still called it just knocking.
No mixer - All the party is set for tomorrow night! :)
RT Tomorrow morning will host former Senator Arlen Specter on his MSNBC show
Your silly :)
very long day.....
Who here reviews books and interviews authors & publishers? Hit me up people.
no doubt the skies are safer without your IPOD. No telling what type of music you are listening to.
4th Meal is never a good idea.
RT : Girardi gets loose puck in front, and the #Rangers lead 2-0. 9:04. They're going crazy at MSG.
I can't believe my dad just asked me what my birthday was because he forgot!! Unbelievable!!!!!
Nothing like sharing news with extended family to help me realize that I descend from crazy.
Sacrifice and offering you did not desire, but my ears you have pierced, burnt offerings and sin offerings you did not require. Psalm 40:6
Idk Why females love me ,When im such an asshole <3
Don't miss ASHP at the AHA! talking on the Playing the Past panel Friday 2:30-4:30
Just introduced mother to BBC iPlayer and 4OD
Aces Up Video....... Check It Out!!
The new reality of business demands that we rethink all of our previous conceptions
You are soo mean :)
it was a "cussing and flushing" experience.
Doing a pass of 'Bros V. Hoes' and literally LOL-ing.
I've been in Fl for the last 3 months and this is only the 2nd day it has rained.
"When the country started, voting was restricted to citizens w a financial stake in small govt. Now anyone with a pulse can vote."
Someone from Michoacán naming their kid "Brittany" is funny.
you have a number of huge fans in our office. Could we possibly get an autographed photo of you?
Yeah, I think SS is doing the NOV 6 show. They are "100% sure that is the right line-up."
eat & digest, rest & progress
Thanks Man. I think I am going for drinks tonight somewhere if you are free? Not for sure yet tho.
Check out Kenneth Gronbach's books to really get a deep understanding of demographic shifts and how you can best capitalize on these changes
Why do I enjoy the movie Food Inc. so much??
cannot wait to become a #RedWolf!
Glad you like it. Your concept was up my alley.
I know I am the bad one when it comes to smelly lunches. I can't help being the most adventurous eater though!
The only people who say worse things about politicians than reporters do are other politicians.
maybe up there pouring 35 miles south :(
"#Supermoon" happens 4x a year. (Just means the moon will appear 14% bigger. 11:35pm eastern time is peak.)
"The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions." - William F. Scholavino
Good video, but why not use 04 presser promising no run in 08 because he "likes to know what I'm doing before I apply for a job"?
*runs out of the office*
rt this if you think is attractive to gay guys!
a guy or gurl telling there gf or bf they love them shouldn't be found in lyrics you looked up smh # pathetic
One reason y im not a Laker fan.
sometimes the prettiest are left single because they are too intimidating for men to approach
Happy Mothers Day to my mommmaa <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
we'll have to come up with a relevant meeting for that!
if you werent pregnant, he wouldnt be with you
At Paris Las Vegas. The business center is called "Le Business Centre." Pepe Lepew must be on retainer.
Congrats. You can have a happy hour tweet up one day soon & I will bring you guys cookies.
Don't say you know what pain is until you can't say it.
David Bowie - loves
self-discipline with all of them came first.
My dreamweaver does not work with my new OS arrgh
depends on how you you look at it... In iotaland im older lmao
planning a trip to australia with the :-D get ready
i wish bnfkdb4 would stop deleting my posts and start deleting his...
It's a wise woman who knows when step away. As a failed blogger, I get how a part of you dies a little w/each sub-par posting. 1/2
it's that awk moment but it's worth it. #snap chat life
Welcome to Twitter. Have fun, and be home by midnight.
Course. Way more than reasonable to be upset if you're unappreciated.
Yeah, I mean, it's cool and all. Just seems everyone has jacked up eye-sight. LOL
quality > quantity
we haven't been to the gym in months..
Good luck today !
Heading to the video shoot with Ryan of to hear what he thinks of #ArtCrawl2012 in
Nice meeting you this afternoon! Maybe we'll run into each other again and chat more about branded entertainment.
RT : We can only love others as much as we think God loves us.
lol only sometimes
my women smh you want something that's been in my bed sucking me off? That's pretty corny but fuck I get it you want to be me
Sox were thoughtful enough to go 14 today to get me through class. Unfortunately, they weren't thoughtful enough to win.
that's pretty serious !! Lol
Dominant intelligence. The most high.
“: We're playing with our friends !” so stoked!!!
I am so jealous! Wish I could be there.
it's always a hit when I grill those up. Let me know if you try it
don't worry only the funny part is shown
“: Well looks like I'll b 15 weeks out this Saturday! #contestprep." Either one, you will look great!
:: Speedbusters gets a lesson from in how it's done -- and why you were pulled over in the first place. at 10.
oh jeeze. Can't wait :p
Pockets full of white faces
will do!
Pettis vs lauzon is gonna be good I think lauzon will try too get this fight too the groun bcuz on the feet pettis has a big advantage but
but only if i get to be the first lady!!! or vp...something that gives me a say in shit. head disciplinarian haha
have you seen my passport??
See you at the mixer tonight @ 5:30??
Tomorrow you can pie and RA or the CC (Paul) in the face for $1. And best yet all the money goes to the B+ Foundation
only advice: bring plenty of beer and plan on a nap immediately after
YOU CAN SUCK MY DISNEY!x Hahaha x R U Alrite“: #Np Nicki Minaj - Right by my side >”
Summertime jingle in.. gorgeous day! Say "Hello" to Martin Solveig & Dragonette, new Cee Lo and a bunch of old school jams we just added.
Avr is at vzd's now! Gonna watch the ou game, and play around 11
alright no 1 wanted to chat so imma go
Maybe another bowl then bed...
Itz funny how the tables turn......SERIOUSLY +_+ I go by what I see, not what I hear. I really wish some ppl would understand that.
dear internet, is there a video of count dracula singing "don't u forget about me"?! if so i want to see it, its comedy gold!
So what if George Bush is going with Mitt. Who else would he go with Barack Hussein Obama? The wannabe Marxist dictator? LOL
I love you very much.. I'm so happy to call you mine. :D <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Driving down pch looking at this gorgeous beach view.
This basketball game is like watching a bunch of retards chase a squirrel around the yard
Which mail client/providor are you using? /cc
Plus Del: how fun has this off season been?
Well, that's a nice start to the morning.
I want to ask a serious question...was tom brady really the #1 player in the nfl this year? Bish please
Being at the office during RSA feels like working over Christmas break. Here's to a productive week!
SO PROUD of lil sis !!! She just finished her LAST final and picked up her cap & gown!!! T-minus 3 days til I'm in IA!
What's new? “: Nothing good on TV... Cool.”
Way to choke boston! Lmao!!!
now that's funny “: Sportsnet's Don Taylor calls bloggers "pretend media."”
i don't mind if we take our time 'cause i'm all yours if you're all mine
The Heat can't handle a team with size, especially if they're talented aka Gasol , Odom, Bynum
#twittertopic sleep with their hands in their pants
I think you have to look at it long term, and use it as a point of differentiation. It would certainly benefit turnover.
these shows on the disney channel really make me want to kill myself..
finally out of her torturing class!
still trying to figure it out. i want to/not sure if i can swing it. still no word on funding from 4Cs... what are you presenting?
Good morning!
“Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer.“ - Marcia Wieder
Yep, I'll be there. And you?
nun much doin a little writing. I ain't got work till the weekend so I'm plottin. When u get off?
How Rocket learned to read is relatively new and a huge hit at my home. I bet schools will consider putting it in their cannon
As much as I appreciate the Opportunity--Im moving on to Bigger and Better Things :)---The Future is Shining for Me
If only ppl knew what I was talking about they'd know how I felt ah!!
lol need a place to stay?
what did you think when you found out you were replacing someone?
Same here can't complain, Progressing... Atl trip>>>RT : Good...lol & you?
facebook's likke
what is that
lets get some
happy Easter bro enjoy your day. Still training, I may out there April 21st. I will let you know when I figure everything out.
should look great at prom too! Hahaha
come on jason Cavs game baby
hahaha seriously thts gotta be it .. We have to warn the young people now to forward them
LOL...ya'll gonna watch your stories next?
Congratulations to the libraries awarded Let’s Talk About It: Making Sense of the Civil War!
every1 tht i just followed follow bak ! so i can follow the rest of my followers!<33
Exporting rough edit of the 360 Project. Getting approval and it shall be released soon!!!! Keep an eye peeled!
It's really quite funny how many people ask me "So you're going to be a politician?" when they see me doing my poli sci homework
Woo-Hoo! Case was settled and we were all dismissed...no jury duty for me!!!
The greatest two words in sports. GAME SEVEN
Believe it or not, I have a great Magic Johnson impersonation. "I'm soo disappointed in the lakas.."
Nickerson house in soon-to-be historic Travis Heights district in
As I said, simply HammerTime will do RT : Part 2 by Building Moxie will be out on Friday! The Bonus Round by Mr. HammerTime.
Trying to hook up Twitter to Facebook and it's not working! Help!
looks like I need to brush up on my Japanese so I can have a conversation with you when I get to see ya! ;)
Making my rounds to all the Philly comic book retailers to let them know that Not The Israel My Parents Promised Me is solicited in Previews
Lost my mom a few months back -- ever the optimist she was. Savor it, bro.
wwwaaatt?? never me its always your fault.
I shared this with his worried parents, he had a problem processing visually. That fixed, he too joined the "gifted" .
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Such a great race, I almost didn't realize the Empire swept the podium.
I bought a couple shirts from the Cauldron store the other day. Do I just pick these up at the tailgate?
I just died again <3
RT : we should go to a #Rockies game soon!
have to get ur dog a thunder shirt works wonders will see a difference in her
To fall into a habit is to begin to cease to be
that just made me lol on the LIRR
Matt and Nick seem pleased by getting a rematch for the belts.
That's a great one
Mark Miles applauds our community for bringing $150 million investment to Near Eastside! #SB46 is more than a game!
karaoke happening tonight at MKE Ale House and at MKE brat house.
KIM's challenge looks incredibly difficult.
Any questions for ? He's an expert on the internet and diplomacy, as a representative of
Hoping it's a girl, :) Nick helped me realize we'll always be close even if I'm having someone elses baby. <3
Just bumped into the State Superintendent in the halls of the Capitol. Guess what u asked him?
Got my Monday Superman shirt on. Lots of stuff to do today. Pool work out, fix a shelf that committed suicide over the weekend;) Busy, busy!
if he plays again I hope he goes to a good team
Its very entertaining! Lol!
ha i love drunk panda.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
An avocado a day keeps the doctor away.
Trying to put an outline together for this Julius Caesar essay is making me depressed!!!
getting a tattoo next friday. i cant wait. its a very special one I am so excited
Round of applause...bby make dat 'ASS CLAP'
Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!
I've heard great things about Onyx!
Does anyone know what 'gender' social media platforms are in other languages? Are they the same? Le Twitter, Il Twitter etc?
One test away from spring break
One of the best practices we have had. Sexy time.
Hey when are you picking the #ClearlyFavs winner? I'm anxious! B)
there's some scrum-tious iterations going on up in here.
. to have attorneys on hand at some precincts near AU on Tues to answer student voter eligibility challenges.
Ah yes. It truly is tough to top a good #suit. However, do you go 2 button or 3?
thanks fa da follow
your dedication is awe-inspiring. Gonna have to build some social features so we can challenge you on
Ready to start calling the year twenty-eleven instead of being dramatic with the two thousand and eleven!
Creating Grandpa's photo slideshow. So many memories!
who am I, if everything I thought I was, was a lie?
Riley= not a virgin lol
I was not at the hearing for that particular bill. Just reporting out what I was hearing and sharing my reaction.
you too, chica!
Who doesn't want to play bingo on a friday night? We're the cool kids!
My Personal Blog: Simply Markdown and Dropbox or Tumblr. I am thinking simply Markdown and Dropbox. What do you guys think?
In this special Thanksgiving episode, and I learn about friendship and the frying capabilities of gluten free flour.
Like, they didn't help create the mess!!
you got ur phone
I like it
": As I grieve the loss of my friend & "lil sis," I don’t feel it appropriate 2 perform @ this time.Continue 2 pray 4 the family."
Someone asked me recently how I stay so positive all the time...my answer: "it's a waste of time being anything else." (DE Philosophy)
<3 : Approximately 10% of people who begin using cocaine will immediately progress to serious, heavy use of the drug.
Looks like Pop is experimenting with lineups again. Manu starting second half in place of Green
Meeting with the agency reps @ 3pm. Photos look amazing; I love them, I'm certain so will they. Props to our girls!
wow..were we all drinking alone last night? I know how to fix that
I guess modern receivers don't have phono inputs, and old record players don't have preamps, hence the need for one.
this is fantastic! thanks for writing/sharing.
2002-Got off the Quest w/ after 28 days at sea. Saw Minority Report and ate ice cream. #Goodasks happiest day.
Omg just saw lighting even though i saw 1 be4 hahaha
Whoa! Are you writing a robot-ninja-bear thriller too?
just got an #audition for a #shortfilm :D fingers crossed
This aint new.
im following u and the one
Sold out! That's like $25 mill+ spent on a music festival in 3 hrs. Not even a world financial crisis can stand in the way of good beats.
Come on people I need 9 more followers for 100 ! Please I'll follow back ? I want 100 please
IM ON ONE!
lesson learned. Bring pants a size larger to wear home from all-inclusive vacations. Problem solved.
Too much eyeliner, sister. You are not Cleopatra.
what is true? it's not showing up haha
#Alberta #market has the best #homemade #chicken #wings & with #jojos for $5
Don’t forget to use this save money tip the next time you are about to buy online and pay the full retail price
Are you getting an error? Can we help with anything?
Finally starting to set in...
One reason that leads these people to not pay the ticket fee is the huge interest being added to it
I think you have put a spell on us.
Who would win in an epic fight? Superman or the Hulk?
Congratulations to you and Sue!
I'm using Evernote somewhat. It's not bad, but I'm not sure I'd rave. It's OK, but I don't get some of the hype.
Oh Yeah , I Forgot That Alyssa & Erika Play Center On JV , FREAKING JV .. #Ridiculous .
There is a high probability that i am going to fail this math quiz tomorrow
The Rosemary crisps are probably my new favorite cracker to eat with chicken salad!
you will most definately ?
hello kitty app?!
#terranova they spent enuff money on this story seems cool very bleak future in this world must have used #darkangel sets lol
Two root canals in the near future. I have awesome teeth. I see that you're jealous.
Why do I so hate Apple's Siri commercials? Is there something wrong with me?
time to make the donuts...i mean biscuits..back to work
After today I adiscovered that no one gives a fuck about how I feel...at all. I just don't understand why I'm not used to it by now
I had a dream that and all walked around grounds together demanding attention and updating their twitter accounts
Free bagels! Thanks RT Let's get some positive news this Tues.: favorite part of your job?
man...I need to make a list...too much in my ether for a couple weeks.
Which HP movie is your favorite? HP Nerd Alert over here haha.
Had red beans and rice with smoked sausage for Fat Tuesday Best match thought would be zinfandel but turns out to be gewürztraminer.
would you rather visit me on thanksgiving break in texas or take me to homecoming<3
yea go check
Almost done. only been 6mo. Patience grasshopper. RT : fix your bridge it's been a yr. I could build a bridge faster
how long are you gonna be on?
RT Throwing Dirt On MY Name ... Ain't Gonna Change YOUR Situation...
: Iterations lead to the enormous innovation that is focused on.
as long as you don't grunt like Svetlana Kusnetsova
I can't stress this enough.. #youremine not theirs.
Today's quote "I don't like the search person's ethics or personality, but he is always spot on when it comes to placements".
Your FNL fave Buddy Garrity is doing some great tv comedy guest spots.
Thanks for mentioning the technology initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
great idea !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley! You're my inspiration to live forever positive!
Hazelnuts are the worst nut
You might as well just get some cats and call it quits!
agreed. life would have been so much easier.
Corona had always been the Jackass theme song. Sad but true?
omg I really think he'd be more understanding to the fact I was in a rush due to my sister's head BEING IN A PIPE!!
RT : TRYIN TO FIND SOMEONE TO SERVE THIS NICCA THESE COURT PAPERS UPTOWN...«O~O.
I have a Wreck This Journal and I'm in love with it
anybody know of a way to export a Facebook page for archiving? we'd like to book-i-fy the page of my friend who died of colon cancer
On behalf of the Newark Police Department, Crime Stoppers would like to wish everyone a safe & happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy!!
I will find you at some point today. You're my favorite academic press.
SOME RAPPERS DONT LIKE TO SPEND THEY MONEY ON QUALITY BEATS THEY RATHER MAKE SONGS TO OTHA PEOPLE BEATS FA FREE
You threw everything away over something so dumb.
Im ready to start working !!!
We the 99 percent The Poor, the Unemployment, Working Class, and Students Needs to signed a Petition of Redress of Grievance 4 Compensation
The damn dog....It took me TWO YEARS to find the perfect gray suede pump...and now? poof. :-(
i did too
you're welcome!!!
hell dominate more in the paint!
What are the skills and values that the 21st century will demand and reward?
RT : Join us TONIGHT from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Hotel Parq Central for a Hot Singles Nomination Party at Apothecary Lounge.
Let's talk AR @ SI Welcome Wednesday, Vie de France, Cap Gallery 4pm tomorrow.
looking at pulpdist a bit.. does it offer up an API that is meant to be subclassed? it doesnt appear so.
yer welcome n done. Good stuff mate.
1 more follower till 500 ! ill give a shoutout to my 500th follower :)
If YOU<--- do the same thing EVERYDAY!, and expect ANYTHING to change other than the DATE.. YOU ARE INSANE!! It's YOUR FUALT!
Wright Way Master Classes-Broadway Auditions Seminar is going to be in SALT LAKE CITY next week with 4 Broadway Casting Directors!
i swore i'd never fall, but i fell....
all the boys want to taste my woohoo
me too!
Just close Twitter. #rimshot // RT : Sometimes I wonder what the best way to deal w/ interruptions in the workplace are?
Checking for opening in NYC, Thx
Just got called a "nigger" by some punk as* then he sped off.. They ain't bout that life!
I see things are going good for you great job.... stay focused.
I'm thinking of taking a week long staycation. The only catch is I have to daily do/see something in the city I haven't done before.
yeah and Dallas is close to home. Not too close but not too far! Lol
Wade always complaining man. Just go be great son.
11.4.1941: Jewish workers in Germany are denied the right to sick leave, vacations, and pensions.
im me i am bored and love 2 talk
pop that pussy qet low!
Making Paula Dean's "Hidden Kiss Cookies" 4 a Valentine's Day party, update on how they turn out tomorrow! (FYI: found the recipe @ FN.com)
I could tell by looks outfit. Haha
Thoroughly confused as to what my life is.
"I'm the teacher that you love 2 hate/ A victim of #pineapplegate / Don't you pass no laws unless u talk 2 those who educate!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there that don't suck.
Hello Chase. Welcome! How's world travel thing going?
Had Mc D's Again!
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
so long curly gray locks...sorry. Just get it right before 11am tmrw!
Excellent map! will be so proud!
wow... just got done with a slew of features + bugfixes for the twitter/bulletinboard aggregator +
Shoutout to this class for dragging ass -_-
Love your show "Picker Sisters", you guys are adorable, sexy, super charming & so talented. Best of luck with it!
bad as in horrible yepp
it is going good, flying by already 2pm :)
LA! presents "To Be Or Not To Be" and "The Bad News Bears"! I haven't seen 'em and neither has he! Get thee to
awesome! Spent the weekend with mom and dad, brett, sis and bro in law and their boy....it was a really good time!
PR pitch in my inbox: "Become King of the Social Media Jungle." Yes, I will get right on top of that.
#InDesign user? Want to use object styles, address complex transparency or work with variable data? #GOA2011 session 39 is a must
school's rather beat. cell.
pie cookies? YUM! How much?
Thanks for the RT!
My spring break showed me what I'll be doing this summer
I've got one more week!! Next Friday #GirlsWeekend RT Day before vacation starts. Let's do this.
#whydidiagree to coach goalkeeping (OUTDOORS!) in the middle of February????
Love that song!
Did you know that Mke now has SEVEN Irish dance schools? And we will have all of them, plus an 8th, dancing in the parade!
Thanks for the follow awesome Milwaukeeans , , :)
RETWEET if you're online! (followme)
I need a computer doctor very badly.
we are going to have to get together.
Holy crap Chris Davis did it hahaha
how is Sam?
the best part about it is trying to plan a wedding around a green card schedule
I want some watermelon!
my fault I'm Teddy
That's great! We still have fond memories of delivering PITG soccer balls you donated to Ethiopia -Ethiopian Orphan Relief
Lolz yup and thanx that means a lot :)
wondering how & when in my life did & i become best friends ?!?!?!
I'm still working on building gafaws, comedy has to be real.
Thanks! Where is it located...the link looks like info to a radio segment? Am I correct?
Understandable. Unfortunately, we don't produce the page ourselves. It's a templated page used by us and other Tribune papers.
Anti-Huntsman Ad Hits Home For Families With Adopted Children - W*USA 9
Question of the night (and it has only been a hour): What state is New Jersey a part of?
they were looking for one did they find him
Stop geeking over skype like you never had it. Ugh we been there done that.
a car just drove by & it was blasting what makes you beautiful <3
Python is nature's jerky. Damn chewy! Makes sense due to snake muscle structure.
Saw this before but definitely worth seeing again. Very cute.
I had a busy morning, an exhausting but fulfilling afternoon, and a horrid evening.
That's awesome. We want it to be a community and a family. I love the bonding.
do you guys wanna match?
A sounds FUN!! Is it similar to Warrior Dash? I wonder if they will need medics and ambulances to stand-by?
Back to the grind, trainin at the rec
there's like an hour wait at endless summer and I knew 90% of the people in there
Can't wait to hit the streets
We're giving away all kinds of #free #tshirts at facebook.com/tuesdaytees. #Like us and you could be the next #winner!
Looks awesome and legit. I saw the track in there too!
Looking for a way to escape the heat? Come enjoy our heated, outdoor pool. Summer's not quite over yet.
Not that bad. 4 more losses a year for Dook.
We were talking about Alabama in US History today. Is it strange that my mind immediately when to ?
Omg my Marketing professor just cancelled our final. Omg, let the queens say Hallelu
KaDee Strickland. She is an incredible actress!
Studio all day ery day...
Wait ..what? RT : More Oral, No Morals!!
24/7 news cycle is particularly vicious in NY.
there was?
Is it safe to say Lil B was better at one point?
WHAT WAS THAT?
Wishing you great weather for the walk today from London! go NYEW!
Did someone say COCKTAILS? : w/ & enjoying some gelato cocktails!!!
?? I'm missing something here...
thanks. Took me a little while to reply, unfortunately. ;)
We'll cross that bridge when it pops up.
cant wait till i get to dye my hair again
Hey who would win in 1 on 1, Bernie Focker or Ray Babbitt?
what do you mean
Been so busy I didn't realize my short story collection-Dry Fly Gospel-still charts in Kindle store under philosophy & fishing.
People that live on twitter <<<<
Ugh Just Started Walkinq Ed Rice Track &'nd Im Already Tired , Need Somebody To Walk It With Me To Keep Me Goinq!
Thanks for re-tweeting! ^_^
When girls have a boyfriend one minute then out of nowhere have a girlfriend the next... uh...what the fuck happened? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
thank you 4 the advice! I'm still so fired up... It's unbelievable!! I'm calling their supervisor 2morrow explaining value.. Thx:)
hey now hey now, this is what dreams are made of.
your welcome i really do like your tweets :)
baby, I miss you so much<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>. I was thinking the exact same thing all day yesterday.
RT : . We love Foods & Well Fed. Gorgeous books delicious food amazing people.
Thru all da pain and da struggle yea i still smile
Jules I will take u & mom 2 Per se in the New Year!!;)
If your bf/gf is cheating on you than you are not doing something right
“: I'm back on my workout grind starting tomorrow morning <U+2764> #teamfitness” have a good workout today
I really wish I had a driver because I detest driving home from downtown Orlando everyday!
I can't be sunk! You're mind is weak Lemme exercise it for you!
Call us at 585.222.BUZZ for your local rochester music requests
When you look me in the eye
Hooray on winning bid for pre-BizBash auction! Lunch w/Linda-Suzanne will be fun, wine will help for productive meetings @ shop!
my man Bernard KING went for 60 in 1984!!!! YEESSS!!!
You want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the Low. Let's work! Wats Hatnin ?
hahaha yea with some minor adjustments we could lol we did have a ball. Gimme more T.I. remix. I'm the #1whitegirldown ctfu
Don't think about it.
my older cousin had a birthday party at like a laser tag dance club and they had one of those FAT big screens with it playing ...
Success comes in cans, not cant's. ~Author Unknown
thank you so much!!
It was great having you!
Is blocking the internet in classroom like modern day book burning?
Only one thing to do. Let's ask her. , are you real?
Well GoodNight/Good Morning...that's a wrap!! #BeingMaryJane and we Back at it for our last day at 6:30pm...I'm about to murder this sleep!!
Any librarians, IT, principal folks have e-reader lending forms for elementary school students that you could direct me to?
God rarely ever (if ever) gives second chances so use your first one very wisely!
Congrats!! on the got Milk? commercial spot The guys here loved it
Hofbrauhaus is the official birthday capitol of the world
A little common sense can go a long way toward an uncommon relationship with God. - J Todd Nichols in Transfigured
Parallel quandary to what's point of museum websites? exists w/ physical museum: aversion to offering wifi in-gallery
#ABestFriend Would STILL Love You, After They Know Everything About You[:
Did he bother you to be Muslim ( Zayn Malik) <33
RT : Bees everywhere!
Also: records mgmt may be the dark side, but being a records analyst, not so. I miss the University Archives terribly, but my new job rules.
thanks for a great night!
Uhm.. Your opinion isn't needed. Imma do what I want.
a lot been going on up, been crazy..and cold..lol
Rock Steady Baby! so excited!!!!!!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
...as well as these participants: Looking forward to 5/26!
"Gotta spend my whole vacation checkin in to four square" - nobody ever.
RT : take care and sleep well :) >>>> Most Definitely :)
While everyone was watching Bubba I was sick in bed watching Neo save Zion.
What you really are Marcus, is a bunburyist.
and he probably didn't expect the scrutiny, backlash, and criticism spawned by the #kony2012 campaign.
Have you seen our new twitter page design? Thanks to our great team !
getting ready for #TOTNDC and excited and hungry!
Even random people from my old high school knows about me and white bitches hahahahaha
Jason Moffatt & Chris McCombs just entirely changed the way I view the internet @ FBS09! This stuff is priceless! Success is Inevitable!
I seriously just laughed out loud when I read this.
What's this? Little Ped. Pal Foot Scrubby club, coming soon? That's right, candy for your feet, candy your piggies can indulge
A customer wants to know if the embroidery class would be ok for an 8 year old - what do you think?
well aren't you popular? :)
Sending me a text saying u want 2 "f***" makes me want to kick you extremely hard in the balls....no respect SMDH
hello guys
No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan and raised an adolescent
I'm excited for dorm life! :D but not excited for the cost.
You're in Canada stay out of American politics. Go back to watching Mr Dressup
I'm always thinking about other people's feelings before my own. It's time I stop & think about myself for a change! This is so me!!!
2011.07.23 #Giants 4 #Brewers 2 | Some poor baserunning / stifles chance of Brewer win / T. Plush bad karma?
Missed Ustream Again tonight :'(
You can either live a life of discipline or live a life of regret.
No longer acceptin any new niggas in my circle.....that is all
Very..I bookmarked to so I can link people to it later.
shut up matt
I love my cousin katelyn . she has this care-free, fuck you, i am who i am, attitude i wish i had .
Reality TV is so lame.. I'm working this event and literally everything and everybody had to freeze so an argument could be staged
Hey, i tried to get that and they said it was discontiuned in my size. You suck.
perfect! I'm at 18/Folsom, you?
comments on the 405? heard it's more like carmaheaven
seriously can we get a YouTube replay of the last 10 seconds? And then can you hire real refs?
So wrong, but so right.
Suns out buns out summer countdown
As a teacher, the 1 thing you *must* teach your students: "No one expects the head butt."
I love deep cleaning. It always makes my head feel so clear.
Occupy protests discourage Black Friday shopping Anti-Wall Street protesters took their message about corporate greed to Black Friday sho
that's ok, I am use to that.
My eyebrow won't stop twitching...
Took a 2012 BMW 650i out for a 3hr drive today. Was pretty impressed. Definitely will be testing out an M3 when it's time to sell the s2000.
Attention all starving models: Eat the cake Annie Mae!
xD well if you squeeze you butthole then maybe youll stop pooping
Next time a Jehovah's witness comes to my house, I'm going to splatter ketchup all over me and hail Satan to see what the fuck they do.
yea u passed out on us :-D
Woo Hoo! Date Saved! RT : Save the date!! The Betsey Johnson All Access fashion show at Tysons Galleria will be Sept. 29 at 8pmish
You're welcome
spent the day doing same with/for our friend's kid yesterday...congrats!
good move darling!!i miss u...
Except more charges bc eople are hanging on to a miserable job because it's a job. Once they find a new job, expect the charge.
Remember the episode of The Office where they stay overnight in sleeping bags? Thinking of the traffic makes me want to do that...
Listening to a very erotic breakfast poem..at Flagstaff poetry slam at Sundara!
I eat so much fast food its really sad smh
I'm a hip hop child, grew up during the golden era where lyrics mattered. Now we live in a era where we got rappers that can't rap. So sad
Will today be the day I buy an iPad 2?
You can't get rid of poverty by giving people money. ~P. J. O'Rourke
"The power is not ours until we can protect and educate our young, have pride in our heritage and race, own instead of spend all the time!"
"We want the ones we can't have, and ignore the ones that want us, and sometimes we end up with none in the end"
ABC news needs to do a story on the habits of Afro Americans being pushed out of middle income housing in Harlem, by whites
namaste right back at you...
Get your Apple fix at www.appletekguru.com
u need to get on it im liek the only one that does btw this is
Excited to be at the Mobile Marketing Webinar w 7500 participants. #GoMobile with and
looks like Q is gonna get some funk.. its happn here.
Oh ya, no big deal, just sharing musical wisdom and life experiences into a tiny microphone. Thanks
Just wrapped for the day with K'naan leaving LA tomorrow.
O's win!
I couldn't give her up, but she's giving IT up.
If you have a long , boosie ass signature on your phone. Dont bother texting me !
Great week at #recreate12. Now excited to snuggle my beautiful kids while the snow falls.
hahahahahahahahahahhaahahahahahahahahahahahaha funny... Our D would absolutely kill y'all lol.. Good joke though
Bonding with my mom. #momtime(:
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Today I have been mostly reading book for school,attacking ants with herbs & water+soap, walking the dog twice,and working in the garden
ya wasn't my best experience
Rock, paper. Take off all your clothes.
we all want to know the answer to this issue!
The new iPad will feature upgrades to everything except the pricing
Writers block = Ice cream break.
HAPPY NATIONAL GRILLED CHEESE DAY!
Woman comes into newsroom @ 6pm reporting train fire. 1 reporter intrvwd her, I called fire+train PIO, we wrote tog on GDocs. Online @ 6:25.
- okay, that's pretty funny! :)
Summer is typically a quiet time for #Syracuse sports, Twitter helps to keep the conversation going.
hahahaha!!! You should see Lucas' insta &his moms insta there's so many pics of Lucas and victor&they always say "twinning"
I think you should start using a Kanban board for your coffee drinking.
Sacramento Kings! RT : Purple Magic...
Whats up tweet peeps ain't been tweetin in a min!!!! But I'm baccccccccc what its lookin like.... #TEAMDEONTE baby!!!!! Fwm
Never gonna meet austin and right when I was gonna buy tickets for his NYC concert he tweeted tickets are sold out </3
Frontrunning fans are a long-time tradition of LA sports.
I don't trust people who call me "Sweetie" as soon as they meet me.
They have since found 2 hands. A day apart. You should read more. ;)
Enough with the free throw misses!
4 wks til Savage In Limbo by John Patrick Shanley. Talented NYC and local actors in a wonderful tragicomedy. We think u should take a look.
What does a Maintenance plan look like for your appliances? What's the benefit?
probably a good idea.
thanks. Little punk loves to be with me. Kids love me for some reason
#kony2012 is an impressive social media campaign. Is everyone posting videos AND donating $?
How goes it? What is the best place to get beer in Baltimore?
Whatever you dream, dream bigger!
someone should let Pia know!
what you doing?
#museweb Seems that it doesn't matter what size the museum, it's whether it fits the mission and there is staff to support.
Chiquita Bananas are here to say -No more Dole moments in #Charlotte. Traffic n economy boost for the Queen in the new year.
yup, idiots
Its the number one thing requested in Hotels.
Aloha Laura! How are you this Monday evening?
Ya I messed up on that one. I didn't want to mass email freiend request "ME" just Milweb1 sorry about that.
yeah! Everyone's talking about this Caine kid and his arcade. Why didn't anyone give a fuck about my lemonade stand!?
Can't wait for my to arrive today! Stay tunes for a #photo :)
Thanks for this. I appreciate your help in my getting out the message. David
lol -- that makes 3 of us
When people don't believe a word you say even when you're telling the complete truth <
Commission public input hearing in Oxnard is underway. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
thanks for following back want to get in them shorts lol sexey
Needing that one person to talk to and knowing they won't listen
“: . The first rule to a successful marriage: prenup.” gonna love the new Dallas this summer
Hope it's not the end of ... That's great it starts with an earthquake. Birds and snakes and aeroplanes.
Winning is about heat, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
For dinner/starters: Try our People's Choice/awarding-winning CONCH SLIDERS, micro cilantro, mango scotch bonnet glaze, tostones
lol the truth Ruth
Off to LA I goes!
Just got my tickets for Tiger Jam to see and John Mayer! Can't wait for #vegas!
I don't follow.
Best movie of all time is Dazed and Confused. It's better than Breakfast club and 16 candles..
No pardons for our turkey this year. We need a delicious stuffing-delivery vehicle.
I watched just two weeks ago over here in Afghanistan. Another Soldier told me about it. Cute movie.
its the power of Avery Bradley.
Yo yo, throw some butter on that lobster!
Thankful to have good friends and a good boyfriend :)
Trying to make your lunch when you have no food or cheez its <<<
Why on earth would anyone vote Republican. They sure don't vote for US.
Please like us on Facebook! You can find us by searching rx2you
#Padres vs. Roy Halladay. Expectations=low
Will never forget 360 spin move layin Greg Stiemsma put on tiny guard on fastbreak for Randolph HS. Ridiculous athleticism for size
How old is JC ? c;
what time?
Buyers of US beef keep importing after mad cow case - Reuters
Almost!? Why do you hate freedom?
i take comfort in the fact that i have stolen your crown
Iveth she's pretty cute too.
holy shit I had no clue. That's how the lotso the bear the baby and the clown got lost in toy story 3
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it. (via )
Goodnight to all!
hahahahhahaha it said left the room and the awkward girl typed "ew" lolol
die then kiss alex then go to the limo and faint haha.(:
A.W.O.L. Charlotte -<U+25BA> Check It!
Thanks dude! Hope the holidays are treating you well. Stay warm!
And we are on the move... Hint: the next stop starts with downtown and ends with brown... Now find the pink cast!
I brought children into this dark world because it needed the light that only a child can bring. - Liz Armbruster
Hey, my crafties, what's it like to have two shops? Is there a good way to link them together?
High School Basketball Season!!!!! Trying to Make a Future From it. Starts In the Off-Season and Ends With a Champoinship.
she's a family doc and it's at a clinic in a Spanish neighborhood. I love it
RT : Not cool Meta World Peace. Not cool.
. never ceases to impress with what a fucking great friend he is. Thanks for being a good dude. And the bottle of Ketel One.
Freaking A! Yukon Cornelius is trending! :) Tis the season!
I haven't been this not okay in a long time.
Congrats!! I love your reporting..Good Luck!!
Thanks for the tips and the inspirations!
Do your homework, Alyn.
someone be the best person in the world and do my dictionary squared!
you always got some weird ass late night snack wit ya greedy ass.
Let's go knicks
yeah it's overwhelming, but what else can we do?
you going to the ABDC taping tomorrow?
I'm looking for specific Twitter lists on academic, public, and school librarians, as well as LIS students. Any help would be loved :)
Leave him a bill.
#1DtourUSA my older sister loves u guys, could u do a shoutout 2 jackie for her?:) -Bailey<3 June2 section 203 seat 25 row D
WOW ! So is sleeping & my grandpa goes & asks her £are yu asleep ?" Like come on now !
My clocks sprang forward but my body didn't!!
Attended brief webinar on GeoChat software. Wonderful!
Sweet dreams! Don't let the box bugs bite!
let's hope not email! "man of email?"
Man, why is Judge Judy such a cunt?
I saw it live and on replay. The ump shielded his view, and the ball was hit hard.
Putting together some succulent arrangements for the NYC Imperial Capital office
I had the same thought. The dates appear to line up. Have to ask French and Co if they got it from Symes.
I tried, man. Stop servicing hobos in alleyways and pick up yer phone!
hell motherfukin yea gettin a lot money in tis bitch bout to make it rain like a motherfuker mi nigga
He was actually drunk??? haha
Thai Chi and a morning walkabout. I feel energized!
what's on ur agenda
Cheers and would still love to review your wines!
RT RT if you wanna see Tom Brady end up with 666 yards passing.
Hope we get to come to Maryland some time!
Awesome! What an adventure. And I'm assuming you love it here? (My one-yr anniversary is this weekend).
Stop changing the subject...
Opened Webster's to picture of human kidneys. Thought label said human kindness. Took several seconds to puzzle it thru. Must be
Kobe rapes a girl cheats on his wife gave Lamar a blow job and the commish for the Nba gets a hand job from him so its an even trade right
About to Go Chop It Up With My Main Man #PowerMoves BlackShadeMafia
Incoming TKC freshmen! Are you interested in ? Email us at the tent @ tkc dot edu and we will connect!
Glad you stopped by - I have a feeling I'm going to be busted for staying on twitter too long this morning!
Thanks for the #FF! Oh we mean GRACIAS.
Great story on social's self-promo problem. I can see why this is an issue - it's mostly just "look how cool this is!"
Going swimming with Allison! :)
On how busy we are really. Add another $400-$500 the next week on payday Friday and that's at least $800-$1000 paycheck.
Spent the whole day out side it's warm out
I can't wait to take my 8 yr. old son to an Indians game! maybe a MLB game too!
as far as i'm concerned, ev day is #nutelladay ! :-)
When will you be starting an EdTech Podcast?
Nah, I'm just going overboard. If I had PB cookies I'd be grateful for them too!
I havnt opened mine yet :((
I wonder if I can get part of my paycheck converted to Schrute Bucks?
It was a great time. Jeff...there's an app for that. Thanks!
Woman in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette, shouts at me while I speed past her: BIKE PUSSY!
have a happy New Years <3 Kellie
Why can't Boehner be honest? We know who the "Adult in the Room" is, so sit down & shut up GOP! Again, the Nation will suffer!
Will these ugly bitches please stop looking back here. I have nothing for you.
If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water.
Ladies want the best fitting plain tee? Go here ------>
I just don't care anymore.
Penguins come with their own tuxedo. Do you? Penguins > You
How Tami gon say Kesha take everything personal but she do it all the time. Everything she saying about Kesha is how she is.
Kidnapping? I prefer term "surprise adoption"
Scanner Monitor Lewiston and Memphis Unconscious person in a vehicle. Update:person was just sleeping in the car but look for possible cars.
Maybe sooner
First day of work. You're looking at the new face of Rite Aid
So giving a guy a concussion is only a 7 game suspension--did the Saints Coaching Staff make this decision?
thanks pretty
Just four more days!!!
you better cover your mouth...lol..
Happy Chinese New year! Bring on the dragon.
oh snap. : Marco Rubio has courageously endorsed Mitt Romney & has also come out in favor of Ruben Studdard over Clay Aiken
Think I just saw sway from MTV
“You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.”—Khalil Gibran
Clippers Baby!!!!!!
Is getting ready for our sweetest day specials tomorrow & Saturday ...
Listening to some of your music now on the road to our next gig. Sounds great!
happy memorial day weekend you guys ,with love er
I've literally been selling old clothes and books and DVDs. I think blood is the next step.
Thank you. You are too bby.
HUD modified the existing policies related to 2 of its asst programs to give unemp homeowners time to obtain a job before losing their homes
John great post. Thoughtfulness is key to assessing options. But big prob is bldg only focus not looking at groups/context.
For great teen travel opportunities with sponsor Westcoast Connection come check out #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Sunday!
" you're like a miniature Buddha, covered with hair"
A man who doesn't dream has nothing to work towards and a man who has nothing to works towards has nothing 2 look forward 2.
I'm having the same reaction RT : My #FridayReads is THE UNCOUPLING by Meg Wolitzer, which I'm trying really hard to like.
oh nvm didnt see this tweet...everything is political smh...
Morning busy body :) RT : good morning
Watch Lady Cavaliers play on www.accselect.com
I wish I lived in the 80s
Done with classes early!!!
Hmm, maybe you're on to something now!
RT : Can anybody explain to me why Javy Guerra and Kenley Jansen don't switch roles? No, they can't.
Thanks for the support!! RT Congrats ! This #KS #Startup Raises $1.1 Mill for It's Mobile Marketing Shop!
Come visit us tonight at the Two Nation Vacation Travel Show at 5pm-7:30pm. Free parking & WIN PRIZES!
I'm to lazy to finish spamming.
Good Afternoon. The beginning of freedom is realizing that you are worthy of being free.
it should be attn single women and gay men... jus sayin. lol
I was picking out sizes that didn't even fit me, 50 of the exact same shirts.....
I mean, they're the Vikings--- logic need not apply.
Wish I had video of Peter Jakab's wonderful talk w/Discovery #NASASocial about the role of museums & power of objects to educate & inspire.
Absolutely amazing show Friday! Thanks to everyone who came out and made it a night to remember!
Sen. Daniel squadron calls ny's campaign financing system "the wild west."
And you go right back to not texting back.
who's going to Boardners?
oh man was caught!! bo no more
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. Geroge Sheehan
Oops - I meant ASIST Student Chapter award to - sorry
I'll move on baby just like you...when the desert floods, and the grass turns blue, it'll break my heart but I'll get through
Shout out to 1 of the 5 people i know from Boston. Home boy is cool as fuck. Follow him!
Every manager does this. Sometimes it works, sometimes.. not so much RT : Chris Perez in a non-save situation. Agree or disagree?
are you coming to florida anytime soon? (:
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you
Been to Iceland? If not, you're missing a fantasyland
Dee Gordon with a sacrifice fly bringing in a run 5-1 #Dodgers bottom of the 4th
Reserve a small section of your #vegetable garden for herbs or integrate them into your landscape
say hiccup right when youre about to hiccup. works everytime!
don't think we've met, sorry if we have. u r in CLE? visited the office a few times, it is a great space and my hometown!
Thanks. It's good to have some stability while I'm writing the diss.
we are fans of yours already!!!! who couldn't be a fan of a fellow flower lover?!
everything is good man. just trying to figure things out and make a living playing music. whats good with you?
LOL kids say the darndest things!
Wait. It passed? I've been on public transit. Someone hold my wig.
": Can't decide!! Aren't they all so good for it being the first week?! "who watched dancing with the stars??? who is your fav?"
Medal of Distinction given to Helene Gayle at #barnard 2012 RT : She heads CARE focusing on women & girls around the world.
12-25-83 #Superdome Butch Reed and Jim Neidhart lose Mid South tag belts to Mr. Wrestling II and Magnum TA
Selling xbox 360 for $250. Need money for website development. anyone want?
It's actually a village.
yeaah its on the schools website! so im pretty suree!
It's a blizzard out there.
181 days until vacation day. Bad play on the same sex marriage. Or good play if you want to play some golf with me.
gotta love Barkley for the praise he is giving our boy Cousins!
RT Eating porn and watching ice cream. yes, I know.
And the class offerings are AMAZING. I was able to test out of Algebra 2 and got a jump on Art History for college.
House ties game at 48...hightower steals ball. Addison setting up offense looking for lead.
Of course not! Left out because I thought it would a tad too techie. Thanks for the call out.
Why did he fight?
RT : In no state can a minimum wage worker afford a 2 bedroom apartment working a standard 40 hour work week....
yes please let's just be soft & squishy & fuzzy!!!
I know but they do show the old classics. He was a sword fighter. tweetador matador . see what I mean now. haha
Georg Michael,Georg Leonhard,Johann Georg,Johann Georg Michael, Philip Carl,Philip August Leonard...tackling my german Pfeifers.
Watching #FrozenPlanet for the first time... already love it. Pretty awesome shots of nature in all its glory.
I wanna stay in tonight but then again I don't.
What a double standard! If a woman Senator had posed nude - she would get neg press
Can I be blonde again?
Obama pointing to military as best template for public service. WRONG!! But he was elected by unthinking robots, and hopes for more.
What's crackin
Playing tonight at 3 Brothers in Murfreesboro at 8:30. Opening for The Great Anthony Adams
when Rose and Bridgette dove over the wall
DON'T JUDGE ME!:D
just saw at netherworld. he's too cute (:
Not believing the Blekko hype just yet in early tests. Cool tech? Yes. Game changer? No.
Cosmic is HILARIOUS! I want to give it to every kid I know!
can you follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Both great films!
and are in Florida... WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING HOME?!
go get em girl<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I'm sure your 'ginger man' will defend you :P
The Following on Fox looks promising
Or we can trend Enhcancers love Lisa Chance XD come on lets trend something for Greyson's mommy :D
have you tried nootropics?
We should team up. Follow us back! We are about making baseball big in Miami & personal trips to the park & analysis!
Minds are like parachuets, they only function when they are open!
Thanks Julieann! RT A timeless piece! RT : The Paraguas Chandelier from is wonderful...
I got lost in the mall by myself cause my friends walked off, then a creeper dude started following me and I found my friends then cried<3
RT GanstaProfeciez Fly money is the life I chose
yes, yes
AH, I always get put into a good mood when the Notebook is on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Have you entered the prize bundle.. Well then.. enter & listen on
is too much!
Doing a 6500 sup upgrade, and using Winmerge to compare the configs for current production/new one in lab. Awesome tool! Yeah Opensource!
FOLLOW she's amazing and followes back! . =)
's conflict of interest in speaking to a GOP advocacy group needs to be called out big time.
Molly Stevens'
the Heat win once again.... 1-0
i just made #oreoballs. i am such a good woman.
lol I've been slacking too! Been too busy! Lame lol
#518bear and I missed it?
She didn't tweet for me ):
when are you guys coming back to dallas???
RT Last 12 goals in this series: NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS. I'm sorry if that felt like I was yelling.
I think the post office should make Jon Stewart stamps. May bring in a younger crowd and keep the post office relevant!
Hello Des Moines, IA! Tonight The Melismatics play The Vaudeville Mews.
wait Dr. Laura's still around? Ah, run!
the entire staff was blown away. well done. RT: Thanks and I'm glad you like Nothings Real But Love. X
I love Charlie Wilson.
Thanks guys!! Congrats on the Keith Urban #1!!
Yeah it was too easy.
had to make moves b, and idk about the jar b not right now at least
Crenshaw Subway "People's Motion," BRU and FTA, Westside Subway, Regional Connector...want to guess what time the Metro Board Meeting ends?
I miss you
even on middle school lev where I coach,refs think they're bigger than the game.I would've made Bobby knight very proud!!!!
~Good Morning
Just a few days away from #CA Technologies CA World event in Las Vegas! Come see #FiberLight, we will be near the cloud!
My aunt said "I never really wore heels casue I was always into short guys"
Sitting here at my dining room table, looking out onto my deck, where the flowers I planted are blooming...I just feel completely grateful.
23. I LOVE ANYTHING 80S RELATED
*field #writer :/
We're happy to do it! I'll put $100 in your account and you can put it in?
Good luck today. Believe you'll be the difference
this falafel is a total game changer. DELICIOUS.
welcome home! How was Toronto?
": Has a guy ever asked if he can keep your underwear? WTF no!" <------- fucking gross lmfao
The queen of second place.
such a beautiful day....... to go to drivers ed. #4moredays <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Hey Eboni, I'll be back sometime in October. I'll let you know. Thanks!
Hello and Thank you Tina, great job
I want to see #yongblood become a trending topic.
hey puffy-lipped-penciled-in-eyebrows mexican girl, settle the fuck down
Girl in the next car over
i see the videos i want hear that hot mixtape real talk alot of people ears waiting ya boy Alley mashing
My mustache is itchy. It must be this high pollen count.
that's a great question. I'm on the train now. My head is bobbing a bit. I saw on Facebook: "sleep is for the weak" lol
Want to learn something check out NYC's top Architect You can check him on Bravo Bethenny Ever After
Ha! That's great.
EW that sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> haha we shall find some interesting tidbits from AA to add to that though ;)
I hope the boys and the girls on my team go to state I really hope we al do
be careful his bowtie is really a camera
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen
If you haven't already, go ahead and follow my company If you do, you win a unicorn! Ok not really but it's still cool.
Enjoyed Easter Sunday, aka Resurrection Day, with church then great food at the Cheesecake Factory in LA. Now, time to get to work!
Can I get a Ph.D in Evolutionary Biology from Greece Continuing Education...
That really Hurt , but hey I don't have feeling's huh?! why should I even bother.
Great play by Cush!
THIRSTY THURSDAY, ALL TAP BEER ONLY $3.00 from 7:22 to Close
cant wait to c that
i just watched it....didnt really like it she couldve did better
We have so many great schools in Houston! Which high school is the BEST?
Ha! You would have to fix ur own divets!!! LOL!
Moms all ways have your back know matter what. We only have one n it's not replaceable.
I agree with . re Isaacson's total miss of Jobs. Wish he would have written the bio, as the leading voice who totally gets Apple.
Get out the way move tramp, its the 15th I got my food stamps.
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day for me?(: May she have a blessed day! Without her, you wouldn't be chasing your dreams.<3
...wow sounds like she's a lucky woman!!lol
News4-going on the air right after #CapsBruins game. will have highlights and analysis of game 5. Series continues Sunday on NBC
Triciaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! We need to talk... ;)
Day 3 in Oakland! Standby for the pic of the day on Facebook!
You can either win the contest by referring new followers in the next two hours or purchase it on Amazon!
#WaysToImpressMe BE YOURSELF always STAY TRUE TO WHO YOU ARE!
your the both two in one multiple choice answer
I love my tiny bed and the sound of the AC right now.
No way this "Help" campaign wins.
Midwestern State. That's interesting.
One game left in NBA first round: Clippers at Grizzlies on Sunday at 1 p.m. ET, noon Central -- winner gets the Spurs starting Tuesday.
Albert Kingsbury Albert Kingsbury | New Home Specialist | Experience, Integrity, Results ~With 9 years experience, I have the ear and for
RT Glad to hear another Great #OpOliver project happened with
..fml. have you met mac already?
If ifs and buts where nuts then we'd all have a Merry Christmas :)
I really enjoy #ANTM British Invasion. British gals use the best lingo and sound so awesome saying it. Fan dobby dozzy!!
Is that an "i" or an "o" at the end of the word??
Competence =/= enjoyment. Besides, it requires a very deep pit. Where are we going to dig it?
It's beyond a lack of compassion. You can lack compassion without inflicting the cruelty yourself. Romney inflicted the cruelty.
Halfway watching laugh at my pain, but not laughing...smiled a couple times and even chuckled to myself a bit, but knee slapping lol, nah.
In the school gym with my girls c:
Now that its offical about my new gig at The Place, I need to get the bar some more followers here on Twitter. Please follow
Yes this is my favorite store !!!
If you're starting a business or working on an invention, you should attend the Intellectual Property in Academia Seminar Series 2/22, 3pm.
Only hood thing about having to stay home tonight bonding time with my ugly bro watch the bulls kill :)
Merry Christmas, Lewis!
is she the one you are missing
Louis Gaudinot put Lineker to sleep just in time to switch over and catch the Kentucky Derby. Well done, Gaudinot. Well done.
lmaoooooo u got 2 left feet?
I watched the first episode last week. My one word review is "meh".
her: i mean, we're talking about bombay, so they're OBviously not gonna be renovating anytime time soon-- me: what does that mean? her: ..
rihanna's forehead...is an issue
its like really hot outside!!
Miss all you guys.. can't wait to sell out durty nellies on June first with you!
follow me back son
Is on instagram or is it just someone tht looks EXACTLY like him??
Follow Samplesaint and learn how you can save $$$!
Cute Photo
He could be pulling my plane back to Seattle tomorrow, you never know.... good night!
-Hi Dolls!Sent you an email on behalf of who referred me to you!Pulling for a music video!Want to feature xox
Tony, I need help launching my business, I am a persistant entrepreneur that needs a partner or an investor, any advice? PLEASE
Territory News - Disney Music As Well As Lights Walker In Sweet- disney music
finally! All the foot traffic at the Metrodome was a nightmare if you had to travel through the city the day of a game.
wtf is up
hell legit shit yes!
anything for you :)
Thanks for the reminder this morning. I'd forgotten to register. See you at BioBuzz..
Players need to play, owners need to own
yay! See you then!
okay i already have something planned! Text me mañana
At Da House Chillin Wit No Shirt On Tryna Do A Singing Video Bt I Cn Find A Song
Cuz your nips too hard right now.
I hate you.
The library can be a loud speaker for which businesses have corporate social responsibility programs.
so excited to hear it! I can't wait!!!
And that's all for the raffle, kids! THANK YOU for a fabulous event!!! Until next time... :-)
oh my bad
If you look at everyone of your friends fb or twitter. In the last weeks. They have posted. "Wtf or i don't care anymore or is school over?"
good luck
I'm seriously about to eat my arm off .
I'm sorry but Justin Bieber's new song is not good. It's weird. I don't ever want to hear JB say 'swag'.
Can any one help me with followers? I really want to spread my story
--starting fires!
MY ASS IS NOT THAT FUCKING BIG !!!!!!
Impromptu inaugural cocktails at 6:30. All y'all are invited. Anyone who brings a MacBook power cable will be featured guest.
Hey guys just got IOS5 for my ipad2
I haven’t used xtranormal but it looks cool – let me know how you make out!
I agree
Im playing the Hunger Games Adventures BETA!!!!!!!!!!!!! sneak peel! I got chosen specially... =D
the...standard way? lemmee see if there's a website that describes my method...
Once Luck, Griffin get names called, real fun will begin. I already expect the #Vikings to throw a curveball, #Browns to follow.
Special Olympics games a success - Marshalltown Times Republican
A woman came in right behind us dropping off a couple more. Woot!
16 DAYS TILL MISS AMERICA!!
Sometimes I wish I didn't give a shit!
i just did(:
thanks for the RT!
One Word To Describe Your Day...
I thought Thursday night was open mic there... But I forget... Seen a few... Never funny!!!
Whoops! Sorry about all the blog tweets! Tweet Old Posts has a mind of its own sometimes.
Mom said she would get me two dogs when I graduate Law school. 26 years too late.
Fuuu things aren't going good for me right now ):
Gong to see me some @ tonight at 8!(: ah! Love him!<3(:
Thanks, for those kind words and the #FF. Really nice.
See if this one moves you, m dada m dada diyiyiyiyadaaaa"
“: it is gonna happen every morning” lol yes it is
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The Show was Amazing Guys & now needs to keep this show around #ForSure #OutLawGarage!
So the Secret Service can use her. LOL
thanks for following my sister :D
RT Kick Off the Weekend w/ Free Ambhar Tequila & Live Music Tonight at Venetian's Newest Venue Smokin' Hot Aces from 6-9pm
“: happy birthday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>” thanks Sean! love you
Not the first I'd been asked. Some thought I looked like him too! Just a random name I chose back in 2001 to be honest.
same here work and school and the life of a single parent LOL I never sleep hahahaha
- Welcome Rob! Thanks for following! Love your video! Robin Lynch Aerialist
This game has set QB play back 50 years
i WANT A NEW TATTOO..NOT MAKE Mi BODY A SHEET OF PAPER...
I could do this but I choose not to RT : Bullwhip class is sunday 3/18/12 (tomorrow) at 5 pm!!! Hope to see our whipsters...
I got hella haters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> cus I'm ballin on em all day<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
": thx Elizabeth. #Cheers!" You are welcome!
RED starts rehearsals today!
you look nice
just about. Sanfran area. Then again, if I dont grow the balls to accept something soon, I may be here a bit longer.
ehug my dear
Doing a decent job on defense. Executing the D gameplan well. Must get to shooters. On O, gotta FINISH easy layups! Can't stand & watch.
How sweet! I'm grateful too :)
Hi Buddy! Love them Bucks! Ditched FB. I was annoyed. How is everything? Hope job,kitty and apt are well!
ey! Follow us
great conversation last nite and thanks for the darts lesson Paul; next time I'll wear my glasses
seem to be having some network trouble here at #SPARC2012 grateful for tethering!
jealous of your hair
aw cuh I was about to be omw
Young Niggas run everything.....
Lets talk about your services when you can. Skype me!
does anyone know of a good Sous Chef in Jacksonville looking for a gig?
Cannot wait for the festivities!
The #orioles winning is great for baseball
Happy Halloween banana lovers!
you're welcome. Happy Friday!
made a couple dozen hot songs in the last couple months and now you think your fresh
that's why I got off FB. It's just a fucking tax.
After a week long post-#USPro hiatus, we're back! We're also at #Interbike this week, so stop by and see us at booth L-21!
Can't wait for this event!
This is even early for and she gets up at 4:30 to work out every morning
#mc220 yes, join us. Watching Dexter for class.
Ouch! Great rivalry.
Yet choose butter over margarine (which is only 1 molecule diff from PLASTIC)
Today we're featuring the wonderful Fox Chapel Area High School Concert Choir during our broadcast.
Great sustainability question, too! RT Question: What will your life look like in 10 yrs if you DON'T change? (Be honest)
#3WordsForYou so you mad?
Are you at Whiskey Chicks? If not, why not - it's FAT TUESDAY! Rum & whiskey specials + FREE concert: Kylie Morgan & Nicnos till 1 am!
Ed Sheeran in glasses pleases me very much.
You forgot to add a period to the end of that sentence. ;)
#GooglePlus, you remain a mystery. But I'm learning more about you via #Twitter (less cognitive dissonance, for now).
Dinner with and some of the NV and KY eyedocs. Hope my congressman wasnt bored with the shoptalk!
just put some awesome videos up on Youtube from Tipitina's Sunday Music Workshop featuring some very special young guests!
Did I mention the ONLY reason for being on Twtr is for my daily #BieberFix ?
Are you Hot do you have what it takes to Shine well share it with us at THE EROTIC .com chance at 50k
u have a lot of followers :O
wow that looks delicious
Don't complain about something if you're not doing anything to change it
2moro the studio is gettin remodeled after i get sum XLR extensions. I just hope the couch will fit in the other spot
what are you doing to pass the time before the big game?? How about a trip to Ipic for bowling or a movie!!!??
Hungry for volunteer work, cultural immersion, and adventure?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor
Enjoyed my afternoon and tasting! Having and a sighting made it even better.
Bring it
Hard to tell from your profile pic, although from our vantage point you favor Rahsaan Roland Kirk.
How Much Buzz Do The Top 10 Global Brands Generate On Social Media? bit.ly/ceuEOr
school starts in 6 days.....i am really nerves couse i am at a new school and i dont know anyboday..... : (
thanks for the rt! Thoughts on the site?
Washington DC Chefs and Restaurateurs 4 seats left for tomorrow live AllerTrain class at #RAMW :30. #GlutenFree &
that movie is too funny, i loved it
Infusion Center Blues
Its me against the world so im sticking out my chest.
TGIF! Happy #FF to our new followers!
Be Happy ToDaY IS A FUNNY daY =P PLEASE foolow ME ThAnKs !! :D
I used to have a life, until social networks were created...
why, thank you! (; you know you do, too <3 I guess we're just #bomb. ^_^
no…. sad face :( Wish I was.
thank you for the follow! And I LOVE your icon!
Thirsty Thursday! Labor Day Weekend is starting TODAY at The Fly! 2 for 1 drinks until 7pm -- who's ready to party this weekend?!
your so fake
Landlord forgot keys, texted roommates. 1 roommate says "the kitchen window above the sink is unlocked. It's not desirable but it works" lol
No one has twitter but you and I. Everyone uses facebook.
I need sponsors for NAM. If you can help please let me know.
Have you decorated your house for Halloween yet?
Oh if I didn't say it U Welcome for Da Trey Pic.
I'm only 25 pages into "Room" and already loving it. The book definitely deserves all the praise it has gotten.
Can't be many prettier places to run stairs than Mt Helix just before sunset. Almost makes you forget the pain.
However they also turned in runaway slaves for money.
Seeing #GoodLuckJedward trending?? Is it on tonight or..?
Almost positive everyones staring at me. Got skrillex blasting in my ears. :D get ready for #springawakening !!!
Finally got the deeply embedded piece of glass out of my finger-- that was visiting since December. Yes :)
Well it's 2012 now for an hour already in Afgh. We have a weird time zone.
God please give me a little help...
hahahahahahahhahaha i miss katy .
Hello and Good morning Chicago! What a BEAUTIFUL day! Any #nonprofit events?
Craziest week of the year, here I come
finding that [HTML5] Facebook comments plug-in doesn't load comment stream at times; failure mapped to load upon FB servers?
Reading KEEPIN' IT HUSHED. Wondering about digital hush harbors.
& the back of yo neck was furred lol.
Not trying to start shit but why dont you fuck off? Theres no need to bash other bands its only gonna make people hate you more.
get some sleep (y)
UPDATE: California retailer Treasures Furniture in Chapter 11 SAN DIEGO — High-end retailer Treasures Furniture has filed for Chapter 11
RT : Got a pair of True Religion shorts and a Juicy purse for $16 yay //Thanks for coming in Devin!
LOL! NO DAMNIT! Okay fine..(puts hoodie on head and pokes out bottom lip)
I am such a girl.. I definitely have too many clothes & shoes
Checking out my dads new house by my grandmas! Excited :)
Can we get Quinn's sound clip to play after every "Young George" 3 pointer or dunk?
Follow us on Twitter and facebook for more updates. The Winner of the comp room in Las Vegas must be 21 years of age or older.. GOOD LUCK..
#usguyschat Products can be duplicated by your competitors. Focus on unique brand to build cust loyalty + competitive advantage
Why do wrinkle creams use way-too-young-to-ever-have-wrinkles aged models? Annoying.
My new twitter bff <33
Brewster thinks digitizing & lending all in-copyright but out-of-print books is OK? Might want to talk to about that
So I'm pretty sure I went in the best date ever with ! He was such a gentleman!...but then I woke up. #WishfulDreaming <3
RT *house lights dim* *cue fog machine* *cue music* *cue silhouette spotlight center stage* *cue stage lift* The LeRi...
Hey Rick what's the big puffy clouds called? You see them more when there's more humidity
god times my friend!
Never fear, SJH has staying power (as well as 40 years' worth of Godey's to quote). Thank you for the mention! :)
Leave you alone.
#IfICouldIWould go back in time and change everything
I wonder how much my lungs can't hold
' The wanna be hardest nigha in town!
A giant beef-rat the size of a sedan.
thanks for posting, and for your kind words! Xoxo
so true!
Hey UB students! Don't forget to check out AKPsi this spring. Rush is coming sooner than you think!! #
How do you like our new logo?? More updates to come soon from DC!
Boyz N the Hood is on VH1.....definitely in my top 10 movies
#DEATHSQUAD locked in to the #JRE! glad to hear is back :)
Nowak: In this business it is never easy to say goodbye.
I can't wait for summer to be here. Wish I didn't have to stay inside all evening to do schoolwork.
his sentence is actually longer (14 years), but he will most likely get out (sooner)
“: I'm on a seafood diet, I see food, and eat it.” thats your diet
Pitt sucks
Congrts for having a baby girl. Just great!!!
Nice to see Splitter hit that final shot but he has to go harder to the rim off that sick pass from Manu
Obsessed with Zayn.
In Ohio on the south shore of Lake Erie. Hope to have fun. . .
ME, SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
#dsoc Now - anne caputo on improving our public image. We have the info keys, why aren't we info royalty? We are but we don't say it clearly
“: I don't trust a mf soul. Too many snakes and phony ppl in the world.”
"Terminate ... with extreme prejudice."
Plushdamental 13a. Only befriend a Cubs fan if they can name 4 Cubs 13b. Explain to arrogant Cardinal fans to be more humble
Cookies and Brownies. Grr.
I like that Spike is going to see this conversation. Spike, the Knicks should be better next year
What's your favorite gluten and dairy free breakfast? www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
The new Dr. John record is really, really good.
Thanks for the follow, Lance *i just hope I never have to pronounce your last name in person*
A hair dresser just asked me if I wanted hair tinsel...
I'm sure it's been tweeted before, but it is so right that Carlos Santana plays catcher at Cleveland, the city of the Rock n Roll HofFame
Thank you amazing energy we love you all!
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
Landing Strip vs. Full Bush. Who's challenging them?
Uh oh, she sent a smiley face... She want the D !
and I are just looking out for you. Your almost MY age!
It's already the 21st of Oct??? Ah
I'm sick of being single
Interesting. The things I had issue with seem to indicate stupid suburban voters being ignorant
i really don't like short hair on women..unless its Ashley Judd
#FF The American People
HEY #BREWERS FANS!! Just got word: GM/President of Baseball Operations Doug Melvin will join us tomorrow at 9am!! SportsRadio
reports of crowd of angry bystanders screaming at cops in #OccupyNashville for arresting protesters
The good news is is buying me dinner at Double Windsor tonight. I've been starving myself all day in preparation.
Damn its always the 'innocent' ones.
I wanna be in porto right now, so bad
God, and oh really, well that is interesting ;) x
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The computer software is so rigged it really is a joke. What ever u do don't play.
Today's General Hospital recap: "Barack and Robin talk marriage."
Come join us in the beefeaters for our 2nd Congressional District Forum!
Natalie doing crowd work. RT : Natalie there. she mentioned she was going to be guest PA tonight
Why isn't the high rate of new displacements in Colombia front page news around the world?
#mla12 #s215 : pros of this model: lots of Emory faculty involvement
I don't care how many times I do it, sending an email to hundreds of thousands always gives me the jitters.
Is it Friday yet? Ughh come on Friday let's go
#cool twitter decide to not load anymore.
When you have children yourself, you begin to understand what you owe your parents. -Proverb
Quiet ride home. Think folks are mentally drained. Excited. But drained.
Ms. Finke is not pro sag, and beyond the copyediting errors in this story, other reports say no such investigation exists.
Eagles fans going to love Mychal Kendricks. Just listening to him talk gets the juices flowing. Man seems filled with passion.
done. Where can we play in charleston?
I Hate that People Always Have to Mess with my fucking feelings Man </3 :(
#Walker pissing off Hulu viewers in #WI & neighboring states w/ad overload. Promoted tweets also annoying as hell.
For a stimulating change of perspective, make a cup of Darjeeling Pussimbing and search “powers of ten” on YouTube.
Making it's autumnal debut is our delicious Apple Cinnamon flavor at Porter Square! Nom down on it along with Nutella and always Original :)
Perhaps next year 2Teachers &a Microphone will play Coachella w/a hologram of the 9,500 teachers getting pink slips in
well i am so happy that today was your best day ever :)
Up to 85 degrees today? Is it still March, or did I miss a month or two? :-)
be careful! It was awesome to meet you!
That season finale was beautiful.
President James Monroe, born this day in 1758, studied #law under
You Welcome
You're in america, don't speak Spanish. I know you're talking about us.
ah! Hell yeah :) I cannot help myself!!!!!! :') hahaha ;P Twitter is just amazing! :D
97 flawed items in the test, 97 flawed items...
they're lucky to have you! Hope it's a good group.
Fucking Alice in Wonderland.
My "photography skills" might make me some extra cash at the job soon! ( :
May the Fourth be with all of our followers! Always.
Hospitals pressured to end free baby formula
Do people backpack the US?
prefers well-written and passionate writing to just passionate writing (Wants fewer rants, more essays) -
Babyy we met almost a yr ago nd I'm glad we did<3 your my better half nd the love of my life 10.28.10<3
FREE Xocollati tasting at the Chocolate Library today until 5:00 PM!!! 111 St Marks Place btw. 1st Avenue and Avenue A.
Somebody please pick pretty boy swag as their walk up song
you made that name for yourself. No one gave you that name.
liar and protected by a gang of liars.
When I heard "Cleveland bridge" I instantly thought somethign DT or the 480/Valley View. Glad FBI is watching regardless.
nice so this is the final week?
(Tonight) - SNL with DJ's FlightPhonic + Inspex & New Lotus Dance Team @ Lotus Nightclub - ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Fuuuuuuck. My. Life.
If you're ever in Cincinnati and want some jamaican food, check out Island Fridays. You won't be disappointed!
Watching America's Next Top Model . I Love Azmarie ! She's Definetly My Favorite ! c;
whoever invented "homework" i want to slap in the face right now
Me too. I'm jldurant.
After playing the Dinosaur Train theme song to friend at work, he says "OK, I would not rock this on the regular."
Enjoying dinner and beers with & - Love #outoftownguests ^aef
what's up
guac, hell. or is that not what you meant by green... :)
I did the fitness test for Insanity !!!! Lawd I have some work todo!
RT : You love You speak Spanish. is the most exciting thing to happen to you today. cc:
A house is not a home without a dog...
's song for , "blessings" is absolutely amazing. <3
we all miss jeff conaway and his many stints in celeb rehab...I feel ur pain
About to see Toys Story 3 at Cinerama, surrounded by kids, wii!
Teaching at #sagaftra tonight! Come on out and learn a social networking strategy to be remembered.
Real estate photography could have been good a few years back... Some photogs are doing virtual tours now though, which is cool.
really? too funny! We were sitting at the bar. where were you?
Snowbound in Albuquerque? Come on over to the Ramada Hotel on Eubank - we have plenty of rooms - Sadie's & the Owl Cafe on-site.
"If I should tumble, if I should fall would anyone hear me screaming behind these castle walls?"
I'd say so!
not my style but they are good, how do you find these bands?
New apartment complex in works in West Campus
Quick-tempered leaders are like mad dogs-cross them and they bite your head off. Prov. 20:2 MSG
PLEASE FOLLOW MY BFFL
Start work on the 18th :)
Had fun hanging out w/ 's Safe travels!
Or antlers.
What an ugly game, love the defense like always, one quarter to go, need this win.
RT : lol most actors are tho RT : RT : Vince Vaughn never has to act. He is the same guy in every movie.
fair point but andy reid thinks he can resurrect anyones career after vick
The River got pretty good toward the end RT ABC has canceled Pan Am, GCB, Missing and The River. Details to come...
Only a twenty minute workout but it was one of the toughest work outs I've ever done.
Waiting for my flight. Can't wait to check in at #fsdallas, where I passed the exam!
pricing is still basic: free to dev, $100/mo to go live; lower-tier price for smaller sites coming in the next couple months.
Love when people slam bus doors in my face
KD too cold
I like white people things, ya know what I'm sayin'?
had a great weekend! Ventured to Chicago, saw the dinosaurs & the eyeball. What a great day to act like a tourist :)
Getting lei'ed today?
If you do, Put it on twitter(:
Good Night! Long day tmrrw!
Also, the general consensus seems to be that I'm the surprise of the show ... heh.
It's hard to cook on #humpday! Let us cook you dinner tonight and we'll make it easier for you to get over that hump!
I miss Lola.
Got home from dance, started homework, fell asleep, just woke up. It's 1:07am and my homework's still not done -__- #AwwwwMAN!
!!!! RT : I'm fully convinced I'm hilarious.
sick thanks! Where r u from?
Hey Patty...hope everyone is doing well!
librarians: enough w/the social media conference sessions! there's plenty of resources on doing it right & nothing revolutionary to report.
I really like it... a lot!
I guess , but no cheese sauce ! Lol . They're losing pussy points ! (:
that was sick.. The first one was like wow then the 2nd
Right after Austin tweeted me, some mahomies started tweeting me lol
Ok maybe it's not springs fault. I feel deathly ill this morning. Someone turn the clock back
New whip getting delivered tomorrow tho.
Coach Macedo will be speaking on Practice Drills, Quick Hitters, and Special Situations at the clinic.
it irritates me when girls are like "i love justin! omg boyfriend is amazing" Like no, if you havent been here through it ALL get lost.
I dont wanna work today but i need the money.
Used to wrk for a Fortune 50 co. and it slipped that they "spy" on you on FB. I tell that story, and usually people understand.
If ur home isn't fun while ur kids are growing up, don't be surprised if they don't come back often when they're grown. Love your kids now!
How much cheese is too much cheese?
Folks be ugly on twitter
Yes! I wanted to shout "hell yeah!" I know I'm not the only one. Maybe I follow too many new-age folk :) cc:
Throwing your phone in anger , then checking if its still okay.
I'm hella tired for not going to school tomorrow.
Wait, there's a show, too? Awesome!
Now taking bands for my roster!!! Email me at !!!
Can't wait for school to be over
AH RNG CRU just followed me! Now I just got to get beautiful Bailey to follow me(:
Don't sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
we better or I'm going to start answering them all and it's confusing some times
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
No problem!! (:
How many people are filling out a #MarchMadness bracket this year? Call the biggest upset!
watched sweeney todd last night. not bad for the musical horror genre.
Thanks Jimmy!!
I got way too sunburned last night.
It's always an adventure with Polly! And you've GOT to love her!!!
need to sort out the pay to play issue if we are going to provide a level playing field for all players to have chance to go pro
really... Well welcome to the family
Next month, going to spend a couple weeks in the mountains, lol
She had forgot how good the head was
I swear when I have 3 bars of 3G on my phone nothing works.
Pick cat up. Cat climbs back. Pick cat up. Cat climbs back. Infinite floor-lap loop.
Ur welcome--enjoy your time away! RT : thanks for encouraging me to spread my wings in tweetville.
tx for the mentions!! love your #oceans!
There's no one like you Can speak to my heart It's just a shame we worlds apart I'm too shy to ask
Now Syracuse? What is this world turning into?
People don't change, situations do, people just learn to adapt.
it was a powerful show.taking the country back
Anymore Shout outs anyone? HMU
Nice! Cannot wait to see it!
Girl, preach!
"Super Tuesday we'll be stretched but we're gonna find a way" -- Romney, on sending his many sons on the campaign trail
The Clovers Love Love Love Atlantic 1094 B - hallmark card studio 2011
Today is so not gunna be my day !-_-
damn you're so meta
Why yes my super did offer me a blunt just now
I'm gonna go wit my mom tonight (Happy Mother's Day Mom) CELTICS lets go!
the sad part is you dont even have to mention which roommate...
I hate school.
Bears > Packers.
tv needs a pay for stream solution, with ads for 1 dollar to stream.
Little by little..I'll get over him:b It takes time/: I still hope he does keep his pinky promise and goes to my track meet on Friday<3'
Yeah, I'll take that win.
just let me know what the plan is, yo! Have a fantastic day. Thanks for the invite!
Of course neither of them have played, but may still be worth noting.
Church tomorrow
so what's good on the west coast!?! jealous you're in the sun - its too cold out here !
what a coinky-dink that you would message me when I am on my break from class smoking a pfunk and vintage shopping!!
Dude, these guys in Marsana are pretty rad.
wow! well well you know where to find us!
Watching #LawrenceODonnell & this Friess cat is a nut.
Isn't it cool?? I haven't had time to watch the whole thing, but the look is amazing.
I ran at leasr 100 ft. And got super tired... Thats sad.
Bell is single handily keeping uofl in this. Pass the ball son
YAY!! I'm happy to share my birthday with a little Wygle Lady! ;) Congrats!!
just gave a shout out to UK basketball
Hot yoga this morning...walked out and Atlanta weather felt like a cool breeze!
Let's be honest, I would be friends with anyone from lost. Even Ben.
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you <3 xx
costume secured, bike ready, winter clothing layered.... it's snow melt winter ale time!
What better place to watch the draft than the GREENE TURTLE?? We have so many TV's you won't miss a second...
finished up a new hot osng with Kalii earlier today now working on another song before i leave the crib!!!
world of chem = my text ringtone & bill nye = ringtone
for sure girl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
pshh u know there's always scalpers at the door ;)
you wish! :P
The word "Mulligan" sounds like the name of a whimsical cartoon seagull.
Just got out of the doctor :)
Just followed 5 of my family members;)
San Diego and you?
yeah..but this is sarah and meg we are talking about here.. not just people!
All I want is for my legs not to get crushed while on an airplane. Is that too much to ask?
T minus 24 hours till
Twitter suggested I follow Scott Hartnell. No thanks I would rather throw myself into a pit of snakes and/or fire.
I think our next episode should involve a vacation...
Polish festival in Tremont, Geauga county fair, air show.....busy busy weekend!! :D
Why did I waste my time.
Time for some #JustifedFX! Then shower. Then beddy bye.
#ificouldwishforanything I would 4 witney Houston to be alive she such an inspiration and a beautiful lady. I luv u witney
Such a beautiful 4th of July weekend! Hope everyone enjoyed the weather!
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
I was under the impression it was Spring...why is it 46 degrees??
You mean wife?
Check out for a free book on how to increase #golfmemberships at your course!
as whip
Update on Shale Gas Revolution, pt. 1
Two big shows next week: Friday w/ and then Sat. at Toad in Cambridge.
- not something i would do to an 82 Margaux....perhaps a young Barolo...not sure i can wrap my brain around this method.
Mango Strut in Coconut Grove plus vino equals awesome! Salentein reserve 2007 malbec
kinda, i mean. im not too icarly inspired right now.. but im gonna try to make one this weekend c:
Alex Wilson takes the stage in just over 20 min!
It was a great event...not only a great Happy Hour, but great food...crab cakes, shrimp, steak tortillas, beer cheese & more
is on fire tonight.
I totally agree...I think she's faking!
Some people could find a million ways to be unhappy but instead find a million ways not to be
Set coffee to strong.
The microphone explodes, shattering the molds, Etither drop tha hits like de la mode or get tha fuck off tha commode
Feels like everybody is having a baby lol.
struck by the incongruity between "Imported from Detroit" and the "wanna win a million bucks?" ads
have u been following convo btw & ?
#hitdirectionerswithashovelday .. COME AT ME BRO
I'm cool. I need real people to listen to my music
Giving moms around the world a shot: shares stories of moms who walk 15 miles to vaccinate their kids
Thanks for the follow, Mark. Your book sounds terrific.
On the back row mandem
thanks man. It's all in the name.
Also, if an employer DOES ask for your password, congrats. You have just saved a bunch of time and grief by seeing their weeniedom up front.
-tweet this shit..
Great picks.
Irvine bound tomorrow morning.
"you know what they say, people that live in glass houses s-s-sink ships"
I was suppose to do interviews tonight at the NFL draft...declined. I have a Rangers-Senators game to go to. It's the only choice.
RT : The Grammar Queen is out. <--Ain't it the truth?
If you have not been to Rasselas on Fillmore Street on a Thursday night you are missing a great hang!
's all I'm saying. (Alternately, there is the Bluefire app, which can handle DRM'd ADE books.)
The Admissions team is a huge fan of the Food Truck! Looking forward to the truck being near Union Station tomorrow.
Pirates of the mother fuckin caribbean bitches!!(;
did you guys find Angel yet? :(
There are spaces available for the Cirque du Soleil photo experience in #drupa hall 8b bring your smile we'll do the rest
Oh sharpies and index cards, how much do I love thee?
Sister came home today feeling "energized" after a 22 mile run.. How the fuck does that happen?
Oh that test just put me in a Debbie downer mood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I can't get no sleep!
I'm actually excited for super sony brothers hunger games. It has some pretty awesome guys and they only revealed 6.
i lovee you george, the first person ive loved more than hehe, justin your still part of my heart hehe, loveeyoou bothh<33
The Wire
me, myself & I sir please?
*insert corny thunderstorm tweet here*
Jon Brockman shooting 100% on the night. I'm thinking contract extension?
How do I use my 10%off code when checking out? Love your art!
text me ASAP :)
prince james should be taking notes from tebows book then maybe he wont choke any more in the 2nd half of games
I take showers, I don't like baths. The last time I took a bath, I lost three of my ships. ~ Rodney Dangerfield
I seriously only like Mondays cuz of Mrs. Arch's cinnamon rolls!
HAHAHHAHAHAH is cracking me up right now!
“: hapy birthday! Def goin to play tonight! See u thurr” see you tonight!
Thanks for the follow fellas. You guys are going on tour pretty soon with our pals , yes?
We just moved "She only wanted flowers" into heavy rotation on for next week
air Terlato runs on only the finest Sangiovese...
In 2010, an estimated 785,000 Americans had a new coronary attack. -CDC
awkward moment when you're homeschooled!!
Fashion show.
“: Getting ready for Childrens Book Launch Party - 4 great authors all in one place!" congrats
reg'd for Michigan Mountain Mayhem! i think i'll skip the pancake breakfast this year. where are my salt pills...
Group of protesters approaching Dahmer tour. This could get heated.
Hey friends, fam and fans of my music...please follow me here to receive updates on my band "The Railways"
I really should be sleeping, but I can't. Twitter is too distracting...
That'd be great. Shoot me an email and we can get something on the calendar.
Starting today, Aug 8th, the Foam Pit will be closed and under construction. We’re gonna make it BETTER!
ANYONE DOWN TO PLAY DRAW SOMETHING?
Quote of the day, "your phart spone is stupid!"
So my life. RT : Watching tv with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks. So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time.
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
Writing editors can be a pain, but boy, when you get them working...
Thank you and BEST TO YOU and YOURS WAYNE!
Got to see them at the SARS-stock show. Was pretty sweet.
Really?? I though you could send a Direct Message to anyone. You have to be following them too??
You are not Google's user you are Google's product being served up to advertisers.
Happy Birthday!
Wilford Brimley is a former bodyguard of Howard Hughes.
Made A New Tumblr (:
DONT SAY YOU LOVE ME AND DONT MEAN IT BECAUSE I MIGHT DO SOMETHING CRAZY LIKE BELIEVE IT
watching the Rose Parade and seeing a lot of Wisconsin Red! AWESOME
Thanks for the follow guys!
Positive thought without positive action is positively nothing.
We started editing part 2 today. :)
6pm-close ADC will be visited soon! ": . Donovan House's rooftop is open already! Head up for happy hour any time!"
"Sunnyside is a place of ruin and despair, ruled by an evil bear who smells of strawberries!" xD Toy Story 3 Film
I'm not the only one? “: What is WRONG with me? I don't use Instagram OR Pinterest and yet I'm still perfectly happy :)”
Neil Funk is the most arrogant broadcaster I have ever heard
sometimes i wake up and i say i hate life. Then other days I say life is grand.
I like the way you do it right thurrrr.
Sunburned from yesterday ... can't complain though, at least it finally feels like
a 10 mile race or an 11+ mile training run, not sure of the logic on that, it's just how i roll.
They only had brunch today, but it was still really good. Especially the deserts.
Thanks for the R/T
Hellz ya! I am stoked!
Why did the witch go to the psychiatrist? Because she thought everybody loved her.
Woohoo! Welcome back!
Just got off work, wasn't a bad day!
me too. I have to go to the home opener.
How many of you sometimes or often talk with the spirit of your dead friends and relatives? How many of you are very psychic?
Lol did you like it?
Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon - Them Doing The Sums
": teen wolf !! Lol" I think you a high school teenager!
Follow Back :D
Come by the booth and say hi at #afta11... SDFAS is now Art Pulse!
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!!!!!!!!
Thnx Shasta! That's so great! RT : #FF from San Diego if you aren't already. Tasty!
“: Everyone said you're doin a great job #trustme” you never say this...
Im excited to see what NBC will do now.Hopefully we get some 24/7 like shows or a mls tonight
Now following
are you flying our way soon?? Chicago is lovely in the spring!!
everybody goin downtown!
Sorry gents. Vimeo gave me a random title page and we were in a hurry to get them up. Fixed.
that was 1452 beers ago
Oh I thought you did haha
Saw Why? At .....so smooth and then watched Maus Haus play a really cool set .awesome festival
haha, age is just a #, as long as you keep learning and laughing, it doenst matter, right? :)
It sucks when you think your doing something new. But everyone already does it.
Dome9 Security Introduces 1-Click Cloud Server Secure Access
How I manage? I don't know.
hope to see you in the chi one day #letswin good look on the retweet
Interesting post to say the least... Threw me for a loop at first until you tied it in to recruiting. Nice work!
ElMariChiChi- CINCO DE MAYO SHOW! Saturday midnight. Were gettin silly drunk. TEQUILA!
Stop #3 Toyota. Stop #4 may be for mosquito spray & garden gloves. Stop #5 home to tame the wild garden beast for about 10 hot minutes.
guys a boss
All my gimmicks are cheap or non-profit. It's sad.
hahaha that's great. Kyle is a major douche.
Good Morning! Have a Terrific Thursday....Spread Love
totally worth it! I ordered everything on Amazon: lamp was $120, the top and base coat were $40 and the 6 polish set was $70.
veganwise: On the nose
BIEBER'S CREEPING (: I gotta feeling<3
I don't get all those..
bull i shower 3 times a day. guys in prison only get 1
Gotta piss something fierce.
We're thinking of piloting an ebook collection w/a few other schools. I have FollettShelf but print = better so far.
Finding Motivated Sellers of Cheap Las Vegas
how was your exam lovely?! .x
Exclusive Members Only In Depth Tour of Nationwide Arena. Check out www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!
rochel is gonna woop to trick ass bitch.
Accessories are a great way to wear #PolkaDots!
Born to win
#MUTHAFUKKA Prob a dumb quest...what's is YankeeYards?
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
I am so tempted to publish an article entitled Klout is Krap. Any thoughts?
How come no one ever talks about how kick ass #Shameless is on showtime?
Most of the crew is here for the show!
Downright weird seeing a night of plays based on Nebraska that has zero to do with unemployment, 3rd-shift jobs, and financial desperation.
at 14 they asked me what i wanna be , i said baby 21 so i can get my own drink .
Yes. For many it may be first install not from official sites. As basic as download app, open app, choose android installer.etc.
Had a great time exploring Ward 6. Thanks to Councilman Wells for joining us!
So impressed by the vocal ability of singing "we crown you"
Mason County Schools: Hood Canal: 2 Hours Late, no morning preschool
#job #Portland #Oregon looking for a buyer or merchandising position
No, I call the Jonas the "smirky quirky Robin Hood guy." NOT hot. Like a child is cute.
Friend: Can I play a game on your phone? Me: Bitch, does this look like an Xbox?
I am sorry but it looks like my twitter was hacked into and sending spam out...
i fell asleep in the shower.......how weird is tht???
Red Sox trade Josh Reddick to Oakland for Andrew Bailey.
hey everybody :D
Yeah, don't let spin you about his spin. That's exactly what he does.
wasband or wusband. I like that.
Yo we went together like peanut butter and jelly and sliced banana last night.
Remember what it felt like to be young, vibrant and pain free? This is the way your supposed to feel, both now and all through your life!
It doesn't matter if it's long or short!
Ah, so you DO have a heart, as DN's absence seems to have grown it fonder.
There is an alternative reason to dance around the Christmas tree....to burn off all those extra calories! So get to movin'! :)
Gemini Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I was never a big Beastie Boys fan, but MCA did a lot for music and he will be missed.
haters gunna hate, mahomies gunna love, & hey i love ur hair and urs is curly , jb's is straight and less volume u add style(;
If I were in position, I might've, but the wife's taught me all kinds of moves to use on buses w/o her.
Johnny likes pickles! Now you know.
Doing black guy stuff
Yep. RT : A former Indiana coach loses the record. A former Indiana asst. coach takes the record.
Wholeheartedly agree. The abstract of that paper goes over 8 great ways to increase your money:happiness ratio.
Did y'all get tickets?
Why does he have to live so far!? :(
CHIME IN: Have US schools lost their leading edge? Are countries like China to gain the upper hand? You tell me.
I feel like every morning I wake up earlier and earlier!
wow! Thanks for the follow!!! I feel honored !!! Are you home? We miss you love Mama Bear
one of my faves! Thanks for sharing :)
Emma Watson&#39;s Clothing Line Falters, Plus What Else She&#39;s Been Up To
Class so boring
At Philadelphia Convention Center with for media tour.
if only Watson and Lucas could get points for dribbling, they'd be really good.
Hey , how was #UFC last night?
"Oh man, my tummy look tan." *dancing. Rolling on the floor. Doing donky kicks*
I think if I knew Pine Sol would give me this kind of buzz, I'd have been huffing it in High School!
Good morning, folks! Have a blessed day!!
sounds fancy
preparing to expand shed dormer to full dormer to allow for master bath. As always, shooting for a high#salvage content
Ok. The pilot of Smash was pretty good. I will tentatively add it to the DVR lineup.
been using backpack by 37signals, love the textile editor, going to add it to my admins for custom content
#1642 your big boyfriend Madison:)) no but seriously Madison haha;)
#foodiechat and the #Canes game, perfect #LaborDay!
Great At Bat Against Bell, Way To Give Us The Lead!!!
Thx for the opportunity - so much fun! (and the pic wasn't so terrible ;) -CV
For your license or new car
My birthday coming up so mom best be buying tickets for my birthday...
Oh yeah, it's gross. All this wet grass has him smelling like a soccer cleat too.
RT if you think deserves more solos !!!
#Magic re-watching late nite. Crucial story. Good man. 100%
TY! RT : Thanks for all the #Twitter love lately.
I'm Not a Christian. I'm a humanist. Don't even try to push that morality shit on me. You fucking pussy.
haha. Apparently it's weak there tonight. Shouldn't be too bad then.
just online
: Let's see the hot blazers going to show/sale from upcoming designer.
Get your #ChefShowdown tix for a special rate of $99 before they sell out - you can't miss the tastiest event of the year! www.ccssd.org
Them niggas call, ion pick up my phone<U+E105>
My kiddo, Cassidy Robbins (she is my profile pic!), will see you there!
son let's chill this weekend
Seeing small good changes within myself & it makes me feel better about myself... i actually have my summer planned out
Training for ? What was ur run today? I did 4.5!
Lighting automation, done well, can certainly make your life easier - it can also make your life a lot of fun
Word on the street is that penny stock "LUSI.OB" is about to SKYROCKET! Penny stock traders, you have been warned!
honestly, i dont know. I know you want to.
Your so vain, you probably think this tweet is about you
glad she is doing great, She Such A Sweet Women =)!!!
is the best!
If you love someone tell them because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
Teacher: Whyy am I hearing talking?! Student: Because you have ears, DUHH!!
Want to refer someone to PlanetTran? You'll give them 50% off and receive $10 dollars off your next trip!
"Scorpio: Your power comes from your magical ability to undergo a surprising metamorphosis today. " Oh dear. All I can think of is Kafka.
Missin my dad what i would give for a chat
remember, if you’re headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns! :')
Bout to pick up my lil sis and thake my lil siblings to see project x.
Now that's a tagline, neighbor.
The Voice That Ur Speakinn Rite Now Thats Me..
Flea control should be use all year, even in cooler climates, please RT
i was waiting for you hasta el 9th period and then i got tired lol.. how was it?
Thanks for the RT! We agree that it's great advice for all designers
Industry Night: $5 glass of wine, $5 whiskey shots, $5 well drinks, $2 PBR, $3 flatbreads. Why? Because we love you.
Congrats to Johnny Patrick. signed his rookie deal with the Saints today.
think they will sit on that until 6:30 newscast?
KIM is one of the best players EVER!
aaahahhahahahsha oh Marcus ur the farthest from a thug
What that mean?
I can tell today is Friday the 13th, today just freaking sucks )': whatever the whole weekend will fml I just want to talk to him.../:
You always ruin every single fucking night I look forward to.
I am currently addicted to KPop... Is this a bad thing? I think not!
History is a great deal closer to poetry than is generally realised: in truth, I think, it is in essence the same.
Good Morning ALL!!! God pressed REFRESH on his keyboard to give you another shot at this thing called LIFE. Remember to make this day count.
Lauren needs spell check!
Buying RIMM at 27.50 was a super purchase! Nice call by us...
“: If I was ya best friend I'd want you round all the time #ThrowBack #Fitty” Nothin better than some old school
It may be the gases of the firing caused the Martians inconvenience
Haha, yeah. Ridiculous.
Paparazzi has to be at the
Sex aint betta than love -Trey songs
Austin is moving to Miami ... Shit just got real
lol so go eat
heard you think you have OSA. I work for a company that specializes in testing/treatment. Let me know if you want more info.
When capitalized, there are no descenders in the entire list of Canadian provinces. Great for underlining.
Most any handgun will achieve this purpose, guys. :)
That's easy you should do something crazy
I find it funny that Bieber trying to be all grown and sexy on his new track!
...we are opening today in a limited fashion. We will have 1 sandwich available (sausage, pesto, parmesan). Stop by and try us out!
you aren't talking about or myself, are you?
#EnoughIsEnough i cant take this any more
Help me get to 2,000 followers ^----^
If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least RIP MCA
Thank YOU mister!
Hopefully everything turns out ok! ...:/
Thank you to all who came to visit us @ MISSION NIGHT MARKET. We appreciate your love & support for
Del Walters - WTH are you doing? This is a farcical display of power and a breach of democracy - let legislation be passed.
Just saw great doc "Boys and Men Healing" about survivors of male rape. Insightful.
My mind is blown that Claire Dumfy off #ModernFamily played Happy Gilmore's love interest when he squared off against Shooter McGavin.
THNX! I am very excited 2 and now production development is moving forward which is very cool!
My life, my choices, my mistakes, not your problem.
Thnx 4 the follow. WE also bring businesses together. Looking forward to sharing our tweets and seeing you on AgooBiz!
iloveyou is better than i love you because there is no space for lies. <3
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho smoke weed. R-T if you hate anyone who smokes weed and hope they overdose
joins us @ 57th Street Books TONIGHT @ 6pm!
RIP Biggie Smalls The Notorious B.I.G
Damn train always in the way!! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0089>
you're welcome and enjoy.
The place is really coming together for 's wedding this weekend!
Buttered noodles are the best
Ima go to contraband w/ Tee & Bailey
Yes I'm practically begging!! I really want to win that camera bag! LOL!!!
Proverbs 16:7 When the LORD takes pleasure in anyone’s way, he causes their enemies to make peace with them.
Very nice poster, Mr Batum!
Good morning! Make sure to check your emails! Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
I regret what I just did
One can only hope so RT : You ready to except your award tomorrow?
Ashley young is good at finding legs and falling over. Really good!
yes I love history
and The Beast's name ended up being Hercules.
Hey just seeing this, apologies and no offense intended, that's another way that we reference those who submit reports
I wonder what Oscar Wilde would think about putting Dorian Gray in the same class as glittery vampires are. HA HA!
thats awesome! i don't have my own laptop much less a Mac Pro..but its cool. i'm happy for you(:
We can't wait to see it!!!
Why didn't anyone inform me it was the 24th! The 24th!?! Why do I pay you guys to follow me!
#irantoydrones are like butter? or b/c #irantoydrones stings like a bee fly like a butterfly? I WANT A DRONE THOMAS! :)
secondary, playcalling and general toughness of the team. All comes down to HC when its all said and done.
awesome, I love looking through their blog posts. I can't come to everything!
someday he'll realize how much i loved him tho.
Sounds like a good time. Put some pick up in your giddy up and ride on over to Iron Horse Friday night.
Haha perfect size
Theres never anything to eat in my house.
Big thanks to for joining us in our discussion of David Fincher's THE SOCIAL NETWORK. It was a lot of fun!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
One step closer to world domination through pixel manipulation (if my URL was tiny it would go here) IT's really really long :)
When some guys say that girls ain't shit , I sometimes feel them depending on the situation .
Where is Toni Kukoc when you need him?
Apparently the only shirts left on .com are XXL?? Wtf? That's a bummer!
I give u discount! Haha
truly! can't wait. thanks for making me a part of the fun.
r they like the knife? cause we like the knife. maybe they should tour together with names like that
Look What's NEW at www.patrickscatering.com....
woahhh ur up way late then me haha:) its 12:48 am here;) i live in washington:)
French is so obnoxious.
I vote cute fluffy puppy for
We got holograms but can't afford to get a job, yea that seems about right.
Robot umpires
the beat of music or the beat of someones heart
that was completely unnecessary and disrespectful of them.
Do you love comedy shows? After seeing Paul Rodriguez’s show keep the fun night going tonight with drinks at Xona’s Asada Grille!
Eddie Vedder & Patty Griffin
I aim 2 grow taters in a stack of old tires.
Thats what u did... Thats y i did it.
One day people are going to remember me...I'm waiting for my ride at the airport....
whats your favorite song of yours.?
Barrio Logan resi seem to want it both ways. Want investment, but don't want gentrification. Doesn't work that way
When you come the place in your life where you do not have nothing but your faith, you have more than enough
just got home from the bay area. i am exhausted. but i had a lot of fun 2day. (: goodnight!
how was the gig last night bro?
Haha boy you wild...But imma get ya
#Socialanxiety disorder is one of the most common anxiety disorders, affecting between 7 and 13% of the population.
comedian/ Event Host/ Radio Personality
can't send Direct message since you aren't following but have a friend who can grab them!
you should have come up to one of us! We would have hooked you up! Sorry to miss you!
How did y'all like #TOUGHLOVE #toughloveneworleans tonight?
peeps like the yellow marshmallow chicks around Easter???
I have a mildly sick, exhausted kiddo. He's asleep in bed and doesn't want to wake up. Of all my #chem labs to miss, this is the one.
Friday mornings in the Spring...yup.
Oh, its so much better for brands! We switched 1st day! RT : We just upgraded "Timeline"...what do u think? Are u a fan?”
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently. Warren Buffett
Woot! Happy Friday! What are you jamming to this morning?
So I love coke zero. Entered the cap code. won live nation cash. Finally bought triad necklace!! And it was free! Stoked! :D
#HappyBirthdayRupertGrint <U+2665> =) One of the best actors Ive seen!
Sorry, I unfollow anyone who promotes porn, sexual devices & uses vulgar language. I keep my moral standards high and my tweets clean.
Cinco de Derby
i could make ur picture if u give me the stuff u want in it :)
#OnceUponATime & wanted 1d tickets for Oakland
i swear im a cold ass nigga
hahaha. This time, it sounded more like Adam but it probably was Denny. Great meeting you too! Hope to see you again soon!
RT : Don't tweet you having fun. Don't text her you having fun. Don't Facebook. Don't even smile In a picture if you take one.
Things have come full circle. It's blazing again at Coachella. Ice cream sales people are psyched.
A Twitter person is asking for help deciding what to do tonight. I think we should give him the best night of his life. Who's in?! DM me.
My thoughts, actions and the words I speak today are in alignment with what I want. I act as if what I want is already so.
Attorneys in GeorgeZimmerman case meeting privately with judge
Now twitter is messing with my mind. The period has returned in the second to last tweet, but now missing in the last one.
i hope nick doesnt cancel btr because they are my favorite and nick will be dead to me #DONTSTOPTHERUSH!!!
Just a reminder! Early bird pricing ends Dec. 16th! Get on it!
Nite Owls unite! After 10 pm, we've got amazing wine and beer specials, discounted apps and 2-4-1 rail drinks.
Why does bow tie pasta taste so much better than regular pasta?
Notre-dame de Paris. One word: breathtaking!
Thanks Nuzi for a great event. You were awesome and the topic was dead on!
We are getting it all wrong. I am getting it all wrong.
GUYS.!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
WhyTF is muni $2.10? Ten cents! WhoTF has bags of dimes lying around? Oh wait...
been waiting for these since November!!
yeah here tonight and tomorrow night
Dark Shadows was pretty fun! Now I want to go back & watch the soap again... think it's on Netflix?
yep...green curry that you have high expectations for but afterwards you feel Sick. It also used to be Julian Peterson...
oh... Well i gotchu wit a plate
It seems like it's going to be beautiful weekend here in Pa this weekend weather wise. I'll probably spend it indoors playing poker..
this is why I'm back in Cali and not in Vegas :-)
we seem to have a lot of these intelligent conversions
listening to demi lovatto love you
Hey man. I hope your day turned around bruh! Need anything just text me.
Will definitely say hello to your friends and thanks and best wishes in return!
Yooo your twitpics are epic you're pretty funny.
Yes, I should have hit him with a salami
thank you :)
Heard good things about their fish fry!
After an unfortunate series of events.. Including joining forces with an Asian family.. I'm finally heading home!
Love the magazine! My buried life list...to visit the Oprah show!
Safe to assume that you won't be getting an interview if you have to call and ask what to write in the "date of interview"
sick of work Halloween weekend come NOW!
A.I. Need To Come Back To The League
Turnovers are everything. Only chance for nyg is if we continue
loved that this morning
"Like" this status is waxing is your ONLY choice of hair removal!
.Hope is all we have right now, and it's also all we've ever needed. Let's Go Pens!!!
RT Lock in right now and listen to me, DJ Astonish, DJ Robby Rob & DJ Class rocking the turntables until 7! **dope!!
Headed north to Boyne Mountain to do some
#SuperBowl Come on Giants!! This is #SuperbowlXLVI !!!
What?! Where are you going? :-(
Just had first glass of #eggnog of the 'season'. Always on hunt for Chipwich eggnog. Holla if you live near a pathmark. I'll pay shipping :)
Meeting lots of great prospective JAMS students today! Lots of interest in too, thanks to the lolcats!
are you doing the production lessons? i got some people interested.
Anyone have any must-do/must-see things for me for my visit to Hong Kong?
I know im so excited I need away! from cincy and flo co
Who was ?
Chris Bulla & Derek Fenwik are killing ! People are jamming to the HouseMusic!!!! tomorrow is a don't miss!
I'm enough of a Phil's fan tonight that I'll make a joke: #werthless ?
...need tool where citizens can make quick suggestions and comment on each other, bulletin board. free is great.
Alright I'm ready to leave. The weekend can be over now. I want Thursday.
Lookin forward to phish fri & sat. Hope everybody has a good day. Last day in WI.
Spring, break.
Every great and commanding movement in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When You Justify Your Conduct, You Abort Your Ability To Change It.
black, French press
they do in Florida. For old people.
Winners see an answer for every problem; losers see a problem in every answer. -Barbara Johnson
yeah I remember!!!
Simon for 3 - are you kidding
It must be spanish night at Breezeways ... smh, its wednesday ... theres no need for you to be goin this hard this late.
We help you make the best financing choice for your situation by assessing each component of the loan & how it fits your financial goals.
our hopes and expectations
im jealous! its like 80 degrees outside and its like 90 in my house!!! and nothin much!
hi! any chance we can do this over email? email me at and let's chat about what you have in mind :)
my ui says im following u
Derek got shot crying my heart out ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
What if the lakers trade kobe? Would they be a better team?
Happy to help any time you need it!
Ugh fuck my life 5am-1pm today ugh to damm long #dead <U+2639>
thanks so much! It was a good day. (Still trying to get my head around all of it, though!)
You saw a great game. Glad you enjoyed the seats.
:D So excited for the EP
If strippers are now called "exotic dancers", then drug dealers should be called "exotic pharmacists".
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day ! <U+2665><U+2665>
Thanks for the #FF!
Enjoying my weekend instead of stressing >>>
No appointments available for today & Thursday. Any openings due to cancellations will be posted here.
Shout out for Officer Garza (#1889) & Mark/Tom of the Vol Program of #Lakewood #PD Ran out of gas (gauge said 24 miles left). Gassed me up!
I am in two of them with the great Chuck Slavin!
Hope to see you at or show! PS you should check out , I think you'll like them!
hi! everyone please follow i follow back! and follow she is my idle idc if she dont follow me back at least she knows i care.
Sorry for the multiple tweets. Fingers faster than brain this morning & typed bad link previously.
I got too meet the russians thats in the soul circus :) im press lls
I guess its sangria and tapas tonight.
me too... I've been craving it so bad after having but have stayed away from them so far.
Omg the live episode of #30Rock is about to start!!! YAYYYYY!!
Is it #FF yet? I'm exhausted.
First Dave gets Nuggets tickets. Now you get Broncos tickets. Does this mean that Chelsey and I have to get Avs tickets?!?
enjoying listening to Kyle Tait call the game on WREK. Great way to start off the season coach!
Ricky totally stalked people through that window, now he runs laps in his tiny yard. :)
Why thank you! Glad you enjoyed it. Hope we'll see you back again soon!
#sadpanda is an understatement, that's really terrible news. I'm sorry for your loss - pets are family members.
I agree! Totally enjoying it!
You are the one I think bout.....
I was 7 years old when I bought my neighbors 69' Apollo original red sparkle 4 pc. Wish I still had it :/
Marinatto resigning? Big East: always a dollar short and a decade late
lol. What is what?
Loyalty is everything
Mr. Sun had come out to play
can i unbutton your buttons(;
Great posts. Am following you, feel free to follow back
you will love Adam in Florida's new hot thriller "Python" by Carina Nolan Hell Slithers Lust Simmers only 7.89 Amazon
finally is correct. The keg that wouldn't die.
I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.
Processing some 1080p footage of ga and some full frame shots of our occupation! Stay tuned for links
A Hip Hop classic T La Rock It's Yours: via
I hear ya.... older >wiser when others feel the need to talk they show themselves - and now m
That Fla sunshine got me anticipating this early flight>>>
The shit me and My co workers talk about lmao
haha thanks man. I probably couldn't answer if you tried. I'm working and going to school full time. Plus I'm on that B shift.
Absolutely. Nothing super interesting, but just stuff we don't need or expect to find. Personal stuff. I did find a wallet once.
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Thx I am enjoying
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. Luv to all my friends out there... Yes, you!!!
Link didn't work....
Too many gadgets! Are you doing in Muncie Multisport races?
Thanks! That book looks really cool! I might get it for my nephews as well :)
Agreed. RT : initially I read it as dicks,not clicks. that was funnier.
RT Best moment today: Overheard 3rd grader booktalk When Life Gives You OJ to classmate bc she loved it so much!
via ...Talk Timbers on The Game tonight 6-7 p.m. Tonight's guests: Merritt, Gavin and Tony McManus.
wish I couldve gotten my drawing of you to you last night in Chicago, but you were incredible, thanks for the best night <3
This day is officially brought to you by GOD. (Faith required. Results may vary). Unknown
we go through a gal of milk every two days ... if it weren't for milk and Carnation Instant Breakfast my boys would wither away
in 30 minutes! I love hearing him speak!
RT : NAVTEQ workshop at #MobilizeConf Location is social, friends, check ins, now we show group patterns
series of things that happen don't write artistic sentences that move other people.
Snowing in your neck of the woods tonight or in the morning? Share your video or pictures with us at Love to see them.
Quote of the Day: Ideas are a dime a dozen....people who implement them are priceless!
The fact that two of my favorite artists & are talking to each other like normal people just threw me off a little.
what's wrong jay!?!?
Morning my love bug!
frozen banana + spash soy milk + choc protein powder = acceptable after workout shake.
Just left you a msg. Call me bck on tht # when you get it
Thank ya, Pal.
My special juice is gunna help me win honey boo boo child!!!
hey i know her... well ive seen her before... just finished watching the timescapes bts video just a fewMins ago
“: like 20 min away at a Hampton” cool cool we gone connect and kick it
We learn about creativity from artists -- those who have the ability to create something new, without constraints.
Str8 up RT : soon as I get back in town I gota see my brother I missed him so much :-(
shameless season one is on its way to me via , I have been watching current episodes and find it LOL!
Is there sumthing wrong with dating yo same sign
I feel like there's lots o/"I recognize exactly how horrible I am" in the show (explicitly or implicitly, in the writing)...
and the people will get what they're demanding soon enough :)
let's hear some music
You're like a disease without any cure
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 18
snow on the ground: I don't know whether to be proud or disappointed of you, Wisconsin.
Lost Dog Sandy - $300 Reward Sandy the Chihuahua is lost in Puyallup, WA.
hey!:) how's it going?
cAnt sleep! grrr!
I know. Every time I see Sabryna on TV I start to cry. I have teen sons. Can't imagine the pain.
celebrating national parks with :) "The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders."-Ed Abbey
OK Cheerleaders... Hope you drank a lot of water. See you today!
RT : 90% of people reach out to social networks after seeing their doctor via
saw Glee last night @ TV Acad, missed u after, as many Gleeks were in attendance. Told Dot she has My Emmy Vote & meant it
The Coke-obarra?
you tweet so much! haha
RT : I'm basically Michael Vick...but better at playing qb
It's kind of funny to do the impossible. -Walt Disney
Just listened to the interview on the radio. She should be a model!!!
Is segregated guest wifi practical for higher ed?
Spanglish phrase of the day: Taco Cabana - Elaborate condiment bar. Usage: "He put out chingos de pico, salsa and limes, bien Taco Cabana."
He needs a dark oak bar in front of him tonight.
Defff not the same. But fuck it. Do what you gotta do.
If you haven't requested "Old School" call, tweet, email or facebook your local radio station!
What! Verlander is about to throw a No No?!!?!? Wow!!
I think blocked me. He's the best cock blocker there is.
New tunes soon!!
We put the "us" in "trust" baby..
what if i did lololol
#ThatAwkwardMoment I think your cute..then enlarge your avi & are blown away by your ugliness
Thats a great hobby
Guess what, guys? I still *hate* BC.
Wishing all the Moms a Happy Mother's Day, we salute you, honor and cherish you today and forever.
as are we!
lol live in cali we out
Oh, I like. Obviously, applies to me as well. Would've been nice.
I know exactly what you're all about, new Louie bag before it's even out ( ;
#ihavenever truly loved someone before. Until now. (and the last 6 1/2 years)
RT : Congratulations to for being elected as northeastern regional vice chair
Sitting in the car freezing while it's warming up cuz Florida will give u a ticket for $160 if you leave your car running unattended
I have pink eye. My eyes are red.
Per Liu: If we want betters schools look at what private schools offer: Latin, Greek, higher paid teachers.
I havent talked to you in like 4 days AND YOU DIDNT REPLY TO MY DM <> I Love you <> #CoriniNation gives you
“: great to meet up today! meeting folks like you inspires our work in government” Awesome talk! You're a gov rockstar!
Dont think just fly
We're seriously having bad weather in miami
i guess. Today is just not a good day <-Kelsey xoxo>
tnks! RT : I am always laughing when you and the cohort in the early morning are brightening up #pdx :)
Is THE RAVEN heckler porn? (Thus ends my obsessive annoyance over porn-used-as-suffix. I plomise.)
Hey! :) How are you doing!? Hope you're well miss ya!
ur all talk
Good Job Dude Congrats Looking Forward To Skating Your Shoe On Nike SB! :D
Anyone else think the members of one direction look gayish. They are british, right?
I'm so pissed with people telling me I need to go back to school. Not doin it. Get over it.
good morning
I miss jammings!!!!
Super Bowl is just a few weeks away and it is never too early to start planning your Party! Game Day Menu Now Available!
I took like 3bites and im full. + a little tired.
my yard looks like a golf course (: it's so perfect and green!
i wish i went to your school :(
just sent a "Health Literay Quarterly Newsletter" to 500+ peeps. You read that right - "health literay" right in the subject line!
right back at ya! :)
Im so over drawsome
I cornered them in parking lot where I couldn't find my rental car and I screamed at them, "You're all trash!" For reals
I wondered what the world would be like without music...I don't think I can be able to live without it.
Follow me on instagram
Santorum - women can't raise kids. Emotions get in their way. So men should only marry men and kids will have 2 strong male figures.
My comments were that Chris needed to add a few more a's. (Seriously, though, good luck!)
I love having singing in my ear it's the only thing that gets me through my days
how much did you win??
I'm a newbie on here.. Applying to grad programs
Nickelback in named after the guy who throws the ball in Canadian rules football, right?
Working in citizen teams, we embarked to preserve El Paso's rich heritage and rectify plagued development and transit issues.
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
will look for it when I get back to a PC in about two hours thank you
u "met" a person
I've never said this before, but I'm really thankful for traffic today!!!!
Watching UFC145. Let's Go Rashad Evans!!!
It's National Energy Action Month!
Smile at strangers.
Instagram worth as much as the Boston Red Sox.
Sounds like you have never visited Austin yet. It's a weekend occurrence here
And there goes the energy.
Wow is it May already?! Time to break out the spring headcheese recipes. Anyone have any good ones?
compliments r so highly valued and free to give, tell someone something nice today.
when it's just you against the patron, sometimes admin will side w patron. best to be covered.
Knocking out early tonight. <U+270C>
Stupid dogs. I told them to be mean to burglars.
lol I found out when I saw Rodney
Breeds, Breeders, and Breedism: What Defines a Dog? | Dog Whisperer Cesar Millan
Ha. Um, don't tell ;) RT : This is your official notice is MY #SXSW wife. Back off dude.
Hey, thanks! Planning on making it a little better next round; it can be easy to miss that it explains the problem in a tooltip.
All you can eat? Don't mind if I do!
of course, she isn't as pretty as my favorite single mom here in Milwaukee..... :-)
What's your favorite dance memory? :-)
#fridayreads Michael Gruber's 'The Forgery of Venus' and Guy Gavriel Kay () duo 'The Sarantine Mosaic'.
I needa straighten up
GOOD MORNING WORLD! AND PEOPLE:D
305 in full affect
boys are dumb...I had to find a new hobby LOL
AWW THANKS BOO!! Can't wait to see you tonight either... wanna hear al about STL!!!
Really, ? You schedule 3.5 State League matches on July 4th and just expect us to reschedule? Thanks for not even trying.
2nd #SDCChiHack: nostalgia, which searches and saves content from social media sites to help capture a specific moment
Carson Daly? A relic of a joke and a relic of a career. Bye!
Just be a follower. All winners selected at random.
Carl Vahl reports that our attendance is rising! We're pleased to have so many active Rotarians in our club...
Way to go Rams!!!
Oh, and a PC, not a Mac.
you need a blanket. And why you all showin off your legs anyways? Harlot!
The lady's got swagger, rockin' nerdly behavior, rollin' twenties, any class, classy tabletop savior.
THIRSTY THURSDAY at the Hustler Club!Get $3 Absolut Vodka Drinks, Bud & Bud Light ! Let&#39;s get a little naughty tonight with our Honeys!
Friday is mi favorito!
who was your favorite celebrity to dance for?
Big News: will manage for
there's a legit field trip happening in the apple store. stuff for little kids is so much cooler now.
Bet your house smells good.
#ClubiPad2 Hope I win it! Thanks for wishing us luck Shaquille!
I love listening to espn radio, especially mike and mike. And, is a cool dude.
Smart move! “: I hear Film Forum long-time advertiser in Village Voice is pulling its ads because of Backpage sex trafficking.”
you a fine mf.
ah ok. Good reporter. But I love my Canadians. Meet me at a swim up bar at Iberostar and you won't root for game 7.
haha no stop insulting me you freak show
ThinKing about cutting my hair
“Tea is a cup of life.” - Author Unknown
Thx4 the RT Sean! Heading to #Haiti in a few hours, supporting child education & healthcare :) cc
The truth resides in the pixels.
Can't wait to sleep tonight
Hey, just saw you on tv at the #Sixers game!
"You're so fat...Ooh, are those oreos?"
RT : RT : Don't be stingy! Retweet others tweets when u find them interesting.
party with my love rachael<3
I feels ya. it's boring for me to watch it as well sometimes but just cause its a possession game and it's hard to score really
Please forgive me, I can't stop loving you.
not enough
RT..“: I'm not sure if you're really saying what you mean, or just saying what I want to hear”
“: Who thinks we should have another season of Born To Dance?”. ME!
Having a vision for a company is great, having a team to execute the vision is essential!
woah, let's pump the brakes.
Yup it's Wednesday again! Stop by for our $10 Burger, Fries, & Beer Special!! Happy Holidays!!
Frowns regulars confirmed for tonight at :
Be safe !!
Thank God for spring break.
I can't believe I'm going to Fairbanks in February and won't be there!
Like any good Packer fan, I'm going to start eating my feelings.
still want to get you involved out here...“: thanks geoff”
all my friends say I am a total #heel tonight
did I get the anole part right?
"fingerlings" ? that is definitely 1 of my most favorite things, as u clearly know better than anyone else on the planet :)
Kentucky Derby should have been on my list of things to do this weekend
Still got LA
Thanks for the links!
congrats on another great job for one of your many artists!!!! Big day for WB!!!
ABQ Sprout needs some banquet tables and chairs for their community dinner this weekend. Anyone have a resource to help them?
#FirstDateRules make sure u wash yo ass!
Why do so many things annoy me
...Nothing much...
oh, sweet deal...
Facebook. I still don't get Twitter: typing into the void.
Helen KellerIf you are going through hell, keep going
Why is it that little hardships can get us feeling so depressed?
The world has lost an iconic, passionate visionary in the wine world. Joe Dressner has passed and we will sure miss his perspective.
. Look forward to seeing you at this month!
S/o beats go hard bro. This try again goin to the booth wit me.
He should do an entire show as Al. RT : 1) I can't get enought of Tim's Al Davis impersonation.
Today we celebrate the Inauguration of our new #uwmchancellor Mike Lovell. Congratulations! The best is yet to come!
Smiling. How are you?
It hurts a lot more to get rear ended than to rear end. At least it didn't involve my car this time.
Why.....why do have to take other peoples opinions to heart it just makes me feel 10 times worse :|
They made the daughter look soo much like her though.
working on my #SWE "All Together" article - having fun recapping my wonderful time at
LMAO! is mad cause i told her she has hoodrat braids.
Michelle Williams. Yes. Class act.
Speech done. Now to find theme music.
“: just saw a billboard that said "don't drive naked" hm... because that's normal? ” haha better break that habit...
Floyd won't kill me. I asked.
": Our man has one goal, two assists in two #MLS games to open the season. #Ballin"
I've been utilizing the "Unsubscribe from" feature on my Facebook news feed much more recently.
Justin Beck, PerBlue's Co-Founder & CEO, will be speaking today We missed #UWRightNow -- but we'll tweet it anyway.
Someone must be at Bubba Gumps
Yay! Have a good trip. Can't wait to read updates.
RT : Soo.. Diggy and J.Cole at the same summer Jam. Interesting... (I'll be there)
Guys, don't make me put on a mom voice to tell you not to lock each other out of the study room. I don't even have kids
Me: Mr. Lam where do coons live? Mr.Lam: Coons live in the forest. Their bad. Lmao
#FollowFriday Shout out to great leadership tweeps. (via )
can I get on a soccer team out there this summer?
EVERYBODY FOLLOW AND LETS GET HER TO 200 FOLLOWERS AND SHE IS AN AMAZING ICONiac
It hurts me to know Jake, Hates me. Even though he says he doesn't I know deep down he does. I made ONE mistake and he
rackmountable soda machine, rackmountable nach and cheese maker, rack mountable toilet with complimentey hand sanitizer
Next semester a nigga got 1 class on mondays and wednesdays and no classes on fridays, oooooooweee fuck school nigga!
I murder every track, cold cases.
#BeforeYouExit i swear, i love you guys to death. you idiots. <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Shit i'm tryna see where Brian at, whatchu on?
just placed an order for The Fault in Our Stars AND Wreck This Journal omfg
...if there's any interest on a SNAP podcast via the listserv? (2/2)
Hey, wrote a grad school Econ Dev paper on bringing more film/tv projects to DC, would like to get your feedback on it
Causing on the John Lodge.
I hope you voiced your complaint to the salon at the very least. Shit's not cool.
mandatory #drawsomthing breaks! Creating a Special WO now ;)
Curiosity + available ladder = walking on the roof
god why is today soo bad...
you and your drunk friends...
Screw my past, screw my future, just living for the day..
this girl gots jokes ;) I like!
Excellent "Windward Today" program , proud to be a part of!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Shout Out To For Following Me I Guess I Am Doing Somthing Rite With My Music #Music Matters
Good morning, Twitter! Is it Wednesday already?!
Happy mothers day to the best mom anyone could ask for, I love you !
Sorry holiday work has put a damper on my twitter, my fingers don't know what to do!
Movie recommendation is Leslie Nelson in "Airplane"
worry about the IGNORANT who bear arms; not the dress code. Change the LAW; not the hoodie
I hate myself for talking to him again. Yet here i sit.
sweat going from someones butt through the jeans into the back pocket..
Vanpool driver locks van, takes bike home. Doesn't bother to check that other drivers have their keys. Stuck at work.
My God is Awesome !
"Wait...why? You think it might work??"
Thanks for the tip, I can tweet from Sublime Text 2 using the Sublime Tweet package.
New Year's Eve wins the wknd, but comes way short of the studios' expected 20M take. Sitter at #2 also falls below even lowest expectations
Problem solved. In post-tryptophan stupor, I didn't realize I needed actual UTF-8 characters, not codes representing them. [+]
"Have you more faith in a spoonful of medicine than in the power that animates the living world?"~BJ Palmer
Oh! i remember talking to you! Ahah you have a better memory than i do!
Well, at least you *have* something when you're done, instead of a pile of rubble and high score.
The trifecta really would have been Calvin peeing on the recycling symbol
RT : YOU were created to b powerful & to impact others w/your gifts!! God made u to soar & succeed, not to struggle & strive.
Isn't technology wonderful? RT: “: Thanks, !! Using that thing called a "stove" at my parents' house...”
what is wrong with you!?
My Vegas followers are the only ones that talk to me. Lol. :/.
Oops, I meant "I did" haha :)
Hope everyone had a great weekend, now lets make it a great week!
Scowcroft: Erdogan's falling out with the Israelis means Israeli strike on Iran would be incalculable negative effects on US
You will never wear this crown of thorns like me!
“: Follow for follow #teambreezy <U+2665>” I followed you! :)
is back at CFD!
PVLA will be closed Monday, January 16th for the holiday.
Thanks to everyone who made #litaforum 2009 such a success. Thank you!
Shuffled some naughty by nature hello good mood
yeah sure thats fine
how did the bead throwing go?
At Hunky Jesus at Dolores Park! BEACH JESUS!
6 min until he's 14 :*
You get out what you put in, put 110+% in and get 110+% out ! Good morning world
#VEEP REALLY is funny as hell. I recommend watching it. I don't know if it will last, but it's hilarious.
The more I hear "Bodies" by Smashing Pumpkins, the more I'm convinced I'll never hear anything like it again.
Why's that? I mean it's no casa diablo but still.
slept until 5 td.. I regret nothing~
I wish I had a name like
RT : Be sure to tune into CNN for an up-to-the-minute naming of all the cities in Ohio.
yeah if I get it I want that shit to look as real as possible. Some things just don't work with skin as the canvas.
Good Luck Lovely Lady. Sober and happy with your body, a dangerous combination.
#CheneysOldHeart - Got Haliburton a new deal in Iran
What's a Pepsi chicken? I'm starving.
This week's To Do List: get a massage, drive to SF, carb load, run marathon, hydrate, turn another year older, then take a week off.
Not feeling well....
Word on the street is that should make a board game.
I think whichever team wins that series will play the HEAT in the #NBA FINALS
RT : A new podcast from our rangers explores the meaning of the adinkra 'Akoma' symbol, displayed at our memorial:...
We've got a whole new line of t shirts for this year's Fiesta! Selling for $10 cheaper than on the field! Come up to the Balloon Museum!
No women no cry <<<bob marley
hope you're having a zswaggin time with your family lil sis! enjoy and smile hahaha lol :)
We're examining a first edition of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz for a client, and even in its poor condition, it's an amazing thing to behold!
Happy to see another day
Thanks so much, Alison, for the RT and the #FF !
#Overtime boy! Haha
Interesting findings.....
1 bottle of wine and 2 dixie cups, 3 am i fell in love
What are you talking about?
That too! Lol RT : maybe they're more shocked at the fact that manners still exist! Lol :)
More activity there and the side bar has a lot of good links
those are the best kind.
10 days of school left...9 with students <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#ShoutOut rights back at you !!!
BTW, the #Lisagor Awards are for Chicago journos. I knew none of the contestants. Their work spoke for itself. Enjoyed reading & judging.
much cooler than fb rif raf
we are trying objective-c programming problems : "i think i just wrote the fibonacci sequence!"
maybe you're into some vampire stuff, didn't know.
RT : Have you told your client today that they should work on an exit strategy from Internet Explorer?
the knee is same as usual always feels stiff, constantly pops, hurts to lunge or squat. I did to tackling today at practice
RT “: I'm available for outdoor portraits. Go to my website. Austin find me on FB under Lime Fly Photography. 5270 of us.
A chicano says "happy cinco de mayo" I say "thanks" Means Caca to a real Mexican.
tomorrow night at club Moscow I Boarders.
facebook fights ugghhh!!!
The monsters have a First Friday gig! Still sorting out the details, but how awesome is that?!
Nice meeting you today TJ!
What do yinzers shout when they are already playing Freebird?
Not at all happy and I can't hide in my backyard cuz of all them damn crikets FUUUUCK
if you insist...then yes
yep.. did u noe that Harry has 4 nipels
Being Single sucks when you know exactly who you wanna be with..
Very well put :)
sort of wish I was at the Highland Games. Rain and all. I need a mealy sausage lunch.
Little indian girls get there hair cut off in there sleep for to get her 5,000 weave done... LOL but got to love her...
hey so I have a final scheduled until 12:30 this Friday but I'm guessing I will be free by noon. How's your schedule looking?
The fastest way to pass your own expectations is to add passion to your labor. ~Mike Litman
Griping about my tenant not giving me a 30 day noticed but she left the house in pretty good shape.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Quote: “The A-list celebrities were always going to be the icing on the cake. It's always been more of an ensemble piece.”
Today is a great day to Say-N-Play!
Setting band shoots FILLIN UP FAST .. The digital new media press kits are awesome ;)
More truth RT : This is where things get really bad....
Aw what's wrong?:/
Not really. There is a pinterest page and a tumblog that get updated occasionally.
Today in church we sang Imagine... Great song...Horrible voices... :P
IS TODAY MY LUCKY DAT OF GETTIN NOTICED BY U
I live for my mother and work hard so later on to take care of her. If you in the way, then prepare to get removed.
thank you for being there and all YOU do!! xo
LMAO! Maybe so! Or maybe because he was away from his wife, he needed to look at women.
ok I'm done.. LMAO
just wondering :-)
Tweeple: From 5-8PM, we're rolling out fun trivia on-air --> use #CW20SnackAttack & share answers/favs/thoughts with us here!
1017 East Atlanta
Sunrise Earth is pretty freaking amazing, IMO
awe :( I was geeked cuz I'm bored!
they're like the Cubs...winning doesn't happen often so we drop whatever we're doing to relish in it! :-)
On my way to see and at Scottish Rite Theater! So excited!!!
Fair Trade Federation's annual gift guide is out! Mayu's hand knit alpaca chullo flap hat and infinity scarf are featured. Check it out! htt
We are 5 days away from our 2nd #DreamHouseRaffle early bird drawing! Don't miss out, enter by this Friday. EIGHT cash prizes!
So he won backtoback clay tourneys two weeks ago, lost a close match on a bad clay surface and he lacks confidence. Right
Raleigh relays tomorrow and saturday. Be here or be lame.
Guess who hit up #SUBWAY this morning! Me :) I enjoyed my Steak Egg and Cheese for breakfast and will enjoy a Subway Club for lunch!
he's a fucking idiot.
Is it tomorrow or is it 9?.
I want more of that sunshine! I little peek through the clouds was NOT enough!
Everytime I wear green people automatically assume I'm irish.
London heathrow undoubtably has the worst customs game in the league
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso.:)
Can't say I'm surprised my little boy likes ska.
So I pretty much accidentally chopped off piece of my pinky in the gym. Wonderful!
team bulls for life. got a derrick rose t-shirt jersey for my support
Dawn, can you get Epson toner cartridges T007 and T009 ? This is for an Epson Photo 1280 printer.
had a great time talking about the Boston Tea Party with lawyers and judges at the Social Law Library in Boston. Signed a few books.
two different people with a documentary told in two different ways
Nature nurtures us, destroys us, then allows us to heal and regrow. Reminding us to never underestimate its power over us
Hahahahahahaha. "this girls got a big Appetite"
Love Love LOVE The Script ... I'm falling to pieces, I'm falling to pieces___!
You're on our good side thanks to Vivian.
Its illegal for natural supplement and food producers to share science-based health info support the Free Speech about Science Act(HR 1364)
4/21 I'M L!VE IN THE AGG @ DreamWorld Music Complex & IN FTW @ Score's Bar & Grill for the Dale Carter Foundation's "Grind Hard for a Cause"
Which is my whole brain. but yes it is satisfied. I can still feel it...i must do it to zach next time
Mars is within reach people, and it doesn't have to be paid for from our taxes
liked your facebook and reverb!
hank you for the follow!
Oh that should say automatic
The Serve Report lists Ohio Special Services Group () as one of the top 75 "influential must-follows"; Inv & PS Agencies on Twitter.
Innovation is the result of creation.
on this hot day i need a nice cold beer
I don't know how to sing...
compete in what?
Great things are brewing. Can't wait to share!
watching the NFL draft(;
magazine at my doctor's office!. Better than Oprah or Ladies Home Journal.
Yep. I was among the #googleio losers today. :(
Start your weekend early!!! Come relax on our patio or head to the bar for Ladies' Night!!! HALF OFF ALL DRINKS!!!!!!!
No weapons formed against you will prosper. Isaiah 54:17
So tired... Need to rest....
In your opinion, please: what is the best CD label for contemporary music? I'd be curious to hear your thoughts! Thank you!
Got Ink?
Hey tweeps...would you follow ? This charity was organized by one of our own therapists and is a great benefit 5K!
Fun fact! The Buffalo Bills have not trended on Twitter since their 1994 Super Bowl loss to the Cowboys.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Asked to be an intern for 3-6 months in Gigante, Nicaragua with eco-lodge/voluntourism/surf lodge, Project WOO!! Nica I'm coming back baby!
"Be sure to do something today that deeply nourishes you: remember the world needs your happiness." - Judith Lasater"
not HIPAA if they come forward on their own. A sick pt is more than 1k words. #APRN chat
Please announce the pick
Are you parked and open?!
Jazz comes in for a hour and a half after coming in ten minutes late. Dusts the back bar and gets to leave I obv have to stay.
Looks like everyone is divided today..
they were undersized & Bogut is 7 ft. Curry/Ellis couldn't play together forever, the defense was pitiful
Worked with Dawn Upshaw in Carnegie Hall performance of Ainadamar by Golijov. She is VERY nice and down to earth.
It's officially "Hocus Pocus" season. FINALLY. Bette Midler is my spirit animal.
is forgetting the Sugar Daddy Dream... I'm looking to meet Joe the Plumber :)
The only "entitlement" that needs reform is the the funding for the military industrial complex.
So good to hear especially after our conversation on the podcast! Can't wait to check it out!
there you go...starting a ruckus AGAIN!! LOL :)))
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter Follow me Please
RT : Q3) Does it require a job aid? Hinderance alert!!!
Girls play the game just as bad as some dudes.. If not worse
Publishing service package pricing was risky, but worked for Pre-qualified leads, reduced biz dev time.
Had a great chat with Richard & Lisa who were manning the booth at
Happy birfday If u is having cake I would like a slice please
what it do what's your name
“: i'm enjoying your speculoos via waffallonia”
I'm between the game and bball hoes
gross dude
I love and will come to daily if they keep it streaming constantly!
It's Friday...recapping win over #Hornets, and looking forward to #Blazers @ #Clippers with
It's your mindset that determines your level of success in life. Keep smiling.
ChrisVestal: BTW is 140 characters really the best way to discuss the alignment project?
bullies! :p
Just read a great article about McD in the Sunday NYTimes. Loved the dialog between RonaldMcD & a franchise owner.
I know walking with my math teacher to class looks wrong but hey I got to do what I have to do.
Bikini barbershop jersey is the best show on t.v. is the man
thanks!! So glad you could come ahttt!
Yes! That would be a freakin blast.
#rangers going to the world series!
I have unearthed my desk! It only took most of the first week back in the classroom but it is done. Can I go home now?
UK doesn't seem to feel an ounce of pressure. Impressive.
#NBA #PHIBOS RT : Timeout Boston after an 8-0 run by Philly. C's down 51-47 on some ice cold shooting.
True dat. They always always bring it. Like nobody's business
Just one thing to say,and it is: Never give up ;)
Any idea if men's soccer NCAA match this Sunday will be available on TerpsTV?
Anybody have advice on grad school/ undergrad prep course loans? Trying to get my MBA despite my lack of funds
see ya at ur house! Leave the key LOL
You have right !!!!
Couldn't agree with you more! re #twoandahalfmen trying 2 hard 2 B funny. Comedy is about who we are, not just telling jokes.
Our amazing candidate database is growing - thank you all for spreading the word with your friends ;)
Thanks 4 talking to #OccupyDC for 30min & speaking against #ucdavis #oo police brutality. We're paying attention
That flower joke that starts "the five year engagement" is so blah..
You see Bruce posted the video?
put your hearts LOL
Accidentally typed "wirtual" instead of "virtual", so I guess I'm Chekov, now.
heh. much of the backlog is from the days pre-delicious. Now I have a system. Then I didn't. Now I lack xtra time.
do you still live on the Drive? I just moved to the neighborhood! Coffee?
not yet
OMG oh my goodness I love yall tweets!
Have a great, safe Spring Break everyone! I'm sure I'll see some of you at #SXSW this week.
The Militant wishes he went on a preview ride of the Expo Line. Of course that would have involved him revealing his identity.
eating healthy it too difficult and expensive? are you kidding, it east and cheaper than buying junk..
AP) U.S. military forces flew in helicopters under cover of darkness on a raid into Somalia & freed an American and a Dane held hostage,
I was afraid to travel by airplane; noy i think #damn it feel like the games in Six Flage! LOL :)
After finally starting the unpacking process, I've come to the,conclusion that packing was a lot easier -_-
keep feeding that locker room with positive energy. You guys will put it together soon.
Lol do what you want Tay
I remember high school..... as a very melodramatic time in my life, it was fun though!!
but I can shake the.....nor did i think this through. We have to come up with something.
1935-#DUST BOWL-The drought conditions & over-farming had been building for yrs but this storm climaxed the decade long event.
lol...I gotta buy the 4 pks, cuz I'll eat entire rows if I buy the regular size
LOOOL, I was waiting for you !
It aint no fun and games when dat heater in yo face
Great drive for giants.
Lester J. Pourciau~ There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee.
Its a weed eat kind of day & then taking Mom to an Ivan Parker concert for Mother's Day.
Hey, thanks for taking the time to share and RT
Yes, we have a creative community of 140,000 members who work for awards - cash, recognition, client relationships
Changed my profile pic :)
DEC. 17 MIAMI! burn some rooster!
Follow our manager !!!
“: this dear...everyone on fb is really annoying me”thank u.
thank you for writing my new favorite song!! <33 I already memorize it!! #UndercoverBaby <3333
Damn No Goodnight Love :((
whats good bra !!!!
Whoa, Shecky Greene is still alive?
RT : Listening to on this long car?
Anyone else been confused and keep thinking it's 2011 already? Kinda like when a Wednesday feels like a Friday.
“: -I love your logo for "Gourmet Airways". Very cool! #MoverAndShaker #Genius #Innovator” thanks Shawn!!
When you say "Liberal" this or "Liberal" that, I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Present your argument, don't attack people.
The average household net worth for entrepreneurs is five-times more than that of the traditionally employed.
John Weber: "Make online experiences that are simpler but more compelling... Do less but do it really, really well" YES.
you should be following DavieBrownEntertainment's Twitter :)
Nothing's changed
you're welcome! xD
This is so sad
Yes!! I'll be there the 6th-14th I think. I see a lot of beach time in our future...
I apologize to my followers for next hour or so I am in an interactive play where audience responds via tweets. Plz ignore ;)
Plans are cancelled for tomorrow . The fuck now I gotta go to school D:
Currently being lectured on how I'm a jackass.. :)
What a great 10 min barefoot walk in a thunderstorm so I can study for stats
RT I'm at #AVNAwards.. it's starting now.. so many hot girls!! <--- Follow Her!
i think i've decided completely that i want to be a special needs teacher.
Please God tell me I didn't just leave my whole wallet in the cab I was just in.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
Oh my, I'm afraid that I have . . . Tequila Brain! LoL
The words "I'm disappointed in you" are the worst. I think the people who tell you know that too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> pure torture
Early morning wake-up for my 6am flight to Orlando for #nRFLsummit11 See y'all in a few hours.
We offer FREE Business Networking for Musicians and Live Music Venues. Helping to connect the dots without cost. For the love of it!
Dis girl on he other side of the fone gone make me hurt ha ass
aw, circle cat!
Martín Espada reading tonight at The Writer's Center in Bethesda, MD. If you are in the D.C. area, or know someone who is, spread the word.
. I just find Sulia to be a pain. But if it helps you stay employed, I can live with it.
O: With who?>_< stalking me, I see(;
Them boys from #OKC are taking that title this year
My mom gets me my favorite expensive brownies and my entire family eats them all. Thanks assholes.
haha did Jackson drop another 2 to celebrate his birthday?
I'm pretty sure if Aliens were watching earth as a reality show we would look like
Been shopping for four hours with my family looking for clothes for the wedding..
I added you as a friend, I'm PixieIce18. I see you are in Hufflepuff. Your house currently has 82 points. See ya there soon!
TY so much for the RT. I was serious that I had 2 make several attempts on that blog. Hope it makes sense!
Don't blame the mirror for your own reflection.
Feel pretty gay eating cadbury eggs, creme Everywhere!
What did you want to believe about your enemies today? Did you get what you wanted?
female dogs. Only female dogs are bitches
cool ill follow you !
all I'm waiting for is an invite!!
Back home from a hot day of work!! I Love South Florida weather! Better Sunny and Hot than any type of cold!!!
I'll be doing a Talk Back with Sistas The Musical on stage at the theatre later this month!
RT : that is aggressive. Guess no answer can survive without a little spin.
Teach me how to fake it as well as you do.
u act like u missed some big special show??
Audience question: how would you sustain and support small businesses?
Topic was Obama's recent higher ed proposals. Caller suggested we round up drop-outs and make them pay back aid $.
forget you old lady
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME?:D
Relapse+ recovery= redemption
That song " somebody that I used to know " is my momss SONG . I swearr she be jammmmmin in the car . Lol
a beautifull day
I HOPE NICK FOLLOWS me:)))))
How was Spain?
Yup, you gotta enough ?
I'm shwaggin today
There are those who know who we are. 2ndly, some sources asked for their own anonymity for the pubbing of gossip.
will be out and 'bout today--look for me downtown :))
Thx 4 link. We know alienating players/fans doesn't usually end well..Interesting to see if Minister's comment will have effect.
baby you can lay me down
Going to study for Econ, and a little bit for my permit test:P
Cool thing about Networking For Ppl Who Hate Networking: she classifies "centroverts" as way more similar to introverts. Being one, I agree.
I'm about to get a hour of sleep before work then go to starbucks for greentea frappuccino!
Your new arent you ??? Lol u dont ask to add, you ask those who have it to Follow you..But i will..
Where did Andrew Luck eat after being selected first overall? Del Frisco's Grille!
We do publish some titles in French, but I should note this is a French-language catalog of Mid East, Islam and African St.
“: that's how we roll! Come see us soon here in Wichita!” heck yea!!! That needs to happen soon!
I ordered a back issue of the Advocate back in Jan & still haven't received it. Have sent numerous em. Can't find phone
Surprising my sister with tickets to the colts game tonight..........PRICELESS :)
... pharmacotherapy with sympathicomimetic agents (e.g., ephedrine) or anticholinergics (e.g., imipramine).
RT : Those bartending classes on Groupon suck. Get some real learning at The prgrm is endorsed!
did you keep it close
#np “No Letting Go“ - Wayne Wonder
I've said Hamilton was better since 2010.
It's just a bad day. Not a bad life.
Trying to keep up w/ tweets makes me feel like that guy in The Plague who counts peas all day.
a shout out to my new follower
Look at precious baby Stephen!
the same, hangin in there. How you doin?
I need some "Crime Scene" tape, I just killed a moth with an AMEX bill on the floor in my office.
oh no! I just heard that #vidalsassoon passed away today. We had taken photographs of him at his home. Such a lovely person. Def be missed
Had a feeling u would ask! Nail polish matches skin tone so you look like u have mannequin hands.
Those 4 shrimp i just ate have been out since kickoff...
that's not true >_<
Had to replace the hard drive in my 3 year old Dell. Windows 7 actually boots quickly when it's the only sw on the drive!
So far so good today all I want is to make every moment in life last
Just got accepted to THATCamp!! Can't wait!
If you haven't seen "Game Change" check it out! It's amazing
Just seems then other way. But tonight main story is ignored. Wheeler and awful defense against the triple.
My new website is coming soon stay tuned!
a girl told me that nobody wud notice me rappin im gonna keep rappin hope one day somebody hear me
subway makes me happy :)
Hey everyone... Follow my lil Bro
sorry Keyra didnt mean to tagg u in this...But that gurl.
#Youcuteandallbut we just don't click.
is praying for a miracle!!
you will be happy to know that I DID remember the camera & video :) HAITI HERE I COME!
Sony going broke. Xbox> PS3
Does anyone know when then J Crew spring rewards cards expire?
"I am a very theoretical modeller now. I am doing digital humanities just like Aristotle did."
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 4th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
Your mom.
Don't shit on cowboys vs aliens. It's my dream to see fembots vs aliens, and we'll won't get that 5th sequel if this one bombs.
Sleepy af! I feel bad i fell asleep on my tumblar boyfriend
Took the last parking spot next to ButlerPark/DAC. Waiting in shade ready to kickoff @ LongCenter
párese que me tienen botada los dos lol (jk)...if you cant 2day, try 2mm around 3 in the afternoon but ill be waiting though
North of $1,700 for Steelers Super Bowl (XL & XLIII) per ticket; not including travel and costs outside the game).
Have u ever been bullied before ?
I missed that haha
“: Our engineers our working w/ GCI to figure out why only audio is being broadcast. We apologize for the inconvience.”
Did they stop the horses from shagging flys for safety's sake before the Kentucky Derby this year?
Missouri, are you really going to mess up my bracket like Alabama and West Virginia?
Whats baking in this twitter world today?
TGIF tomorrow.... Legit.
bcuz education is revolution
HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY !!! MISS TWIST will be OUT & ABOUT ALL DAY ON ROUTE !!!! FREE SPRINKLES IF YOU MENTION TWITTER !!!
Back in the day I used to punk kids for there Easter candy at the park. What a Ass I was.
I don't even like Ledger. Brandon Lee (Crow) ripoff. Oldman allows me to watch the third reel, but doesn't save it.
This thang you call a dryer is burning my ear's.
My favorite part of the Cosby Show is the Billie Jean poster in Theo's room lol.
At least BC isn't performing as bad as Duke right now.
correlation does not mean causation. Though i'm sure you're just being facetious.
I highly recommend some Reading Challenges! They are lots of fun :)
“ #Leo's after sex comment: "Wasn't I fantastic?"”
omg yes! it was amazing! Definitely not the fashion scene it is made out to be but amazing people watching and great music.
Prose I could wrap myself in. Borrowed a friend's copy, but now have to buy my own.
Ha ha love it! Right ?! : Love the #wine you're with.
Great Thursday.wishing hubby and daughter would get better quick.Headcolds ugh go away
With Russian permission, murders 1,000 innocent Syrian gals and lads / Bashar al-Assad
Oceans in the back, Porsche's in the front....
RT : Source confirms that Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavs. Story coming on
Sandy, it should. For this month there are so many vendors!
You know this is going to be a bad final when a guy walks in with two monsters
RPOF admits partisan intent on voter reg. laws now that they sent press release boasting that 45,000 more Dems got purged last 3 months.
it's true, there are a lot of pointy bits to watch out for on medieval stonework
Texas is in bloom, and so are my allergies.
Very happy right now :) <3
So I came to see play in a recital and this broad will not let us in Grrr
Blink 182 and Fall Out Boy as i sleep = a nice relaxing nap!
it's totally okay because we still won 1st place, hits next time please :D
LOL. SOUTH OF ATL. HOUR N A HALF AWAY FROM ATL...
www.Codeforamerica.org Code for America launches sign up!
what do you want to build? If you want to build widgets to visualize data go as3. If you want to build websites go
my man . this man to applaud the, successful brother
"No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
More like Takekonout.
": I dunno y I'm up so damn earlyy :/" because your so 'cited about ericas birthday!! ;)
“: Nina Just Knows When I'm Trying To Grab Ha Attention.”She a diva tho... But I think we can fix that hahaha
we gone make a plan so we can move weight from here to there
Anyone else play little empire?
my legs are so sore today...danced like a rock star to "I kissed a girl" in class last night....never to old..
That's exactly why I haven't made the jump yet. I feel like I'm getting closer every day, though...
In what ways have you seen healthcare technology improve efficiencies at your doctor's office?
Still recovering from "Eat all the things!" Potluck on Monday. Relegated to miso soup until further notice.
Awww, no more Blake Eskin for the #NewYorkerOutloudPodcast after this week's episode. That makes me sad. Tuesdays, you always ruin the week!
Great data in "OMG: My Pancreas Just Texted!" Follow it here:
I just want to say congrats to Brad Haugabrook for graduating! So proud/happy when our players walk across the stage!
Damn... this sure does hurt. Learn from ur mistskes and move on.
if Gerv was dead, the world would be a better place.
So true RT #Taurus only has to know you for five minutes and can still have a lifelong impact on you
Thanks for the follow of !
YOU TOO, BABY<33
And that's how he'll STAY one of the richest men.
Opera Review: Robert Lepage x2019;s First Complete x2018;Ring x2019; Concludes at Met The first complete cycle of Robert Lepage x2019;s x
me too!!
Fat Bastard?
I feel sick
know what else is my favorite? MIDDLE SEAT. BACK OF PLANE. TURBULENCE. Good stuff.
your still my brother! You are one bada$$! Proud of u regardless! Come home so we can kick it!
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
someone that played at UCLA during the 70's should know all about that!
everyone.... is famous no big deal
- Curious about your project. MSG me.
At the least they are making up for it well by giving the next iPPV for free.
Thanx for the follow. When in PITTSBURGH look us up, lets grant a wish? Want a UNITY T-Shirt?
Magic city shit!!!! Today...
We're loving #Lolla weekend! Who's your favorite so far? Who are you seeing today?
Haha thank you, I think they are pretty neat :) They are funny to watch too, so big, slow and clumsy LOL
Agreed! RT : Fascinating to see announced as a global sponsor. Smart marketing move.
just saw two good lectures by robyn wiegman and scott lucas, convinced me to tweet
YAY!!!!! :-) Lets talk when I get back from FL! x
There's almost nothing less interesting than fashion. Style and purpose, however? That's where there's something to work with.
just thought id tell you you're the only guy i know that uses winking faces (; and i think thats the coolest thing EVER! :)
Damn. Then I'll have to drag out the folks from the "dayjob" out during the week!
Um hi I love Chicago.
indeed I do!!!
7 Blue Skies in Tampa tonight at The Pegasus Lounge.
Moving down the highway listening to late night wacko radio.
Long day...body is shutting down.
Song of the Day: Lotus Flower by Radiohead
"If you don't need a friend, you need help."
Watching the lion king with the girls. You know? Before blu ray, I never really noticed how ugly simba is.
“: Apocalypse survival tip: Hang out with Will Smith. That guy always survives!” him and Chuck Norris
another day another day closer to my dreams
Im not gonna make im sick of this already lol!
Hope you'll join Chatham Baroque this weekend!
Love me hate me do whatever to make you happy :) idc
The Brother can cook how is that so strange?? He's the only one!!
Don't play with me just bcz you're a palyer.
That's fantastic! Congrats!
You cannot make up for Serenity's favorite band. She needs pure unedited,
oh man, I bet that would rock I used to do twitter parties from my phone - no fun
It was great seeing you at the and show last night! Hope you had a great time.
Thanks for the followfriday mention, Sue! Have an artful Saturday!
got all positive responses on , been trying it out. like it. seems to have grown a lot of features since initial release.
Indeed! Love that account - all should follow. RT : Oh my is interesting this morning.
"The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness." The Dalai Lama.
Beautiful Chicago late summer afternoon at Renegade Craft Fair in
#starhawk reminds me somewhat of Giants: Citizen Kabuto. Man, need to fire that game up again.
I've seen first hand what happens when you try to teach introductory coding to normal people (well, art students). It ain't pretty.
giving great tips at #SHRMTalent T2
Yay, can't wait! RT : Welcome to the team, ! I look forward to working with you soon!
following back ;)
Pretty sure vincente Padilla was an extra in the movie scarface.... He is rocking that mullet tonight
Happy to see so many of our Brooklyn Museum Educators for the conference
aww thank you.a
: journals take turns (or don't): in C: 'assessment' turns slowly, 'multimodal' micro turns; and 'students' don't turn
RT : VCU had 189 vendors who requested to make their gear in 2010. A year later? 823 vendors wanted to make licensed VCU gear.
What are your plans for the superbowl?
So excited for tonight's #Movember kick-off party with the
thanx ' love you too
My step dad pisses me off I want to punch him.
Had to turn the heat on :(
The coach definitely had on his preseason suit. Potato sack with buttons?
#50ShadesAwful just happens to be the PORN that ppl r getting down w/ right now. That's cool, whateves...
See you soon?
Agreed! RT : Be smart about your image and HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND. Deepest way to ensure yourself success.
I go back to Orlando Monday and I still haven't unpacked all the stuff I wanna leave home.
That awesome moment when you ask your boss if she has a Pantera CD and she says "Of course!"
It feels like it is going to snow in LA; it's cold!
snacks, SO RAD!
Back when I first followed he only had like 200ish followers & I thought he was so cool cause I only had like 50 xD haha
don't play 2 many games, but wat I will send out 2 ya is some Chi-Town Luv, ya dig... I salute ya movement!!! "Psychotic K"
Tell me, I forget. Show me, I remember. Involve me, I understand. ~ Chinese Proverb
Why is it that every time I get on here something about PV is trending?
-Flying into Cali tonight. Looking for a ride from Redondo Beach area to tomorrow. Gas money/beer. Takers?
1st Page Bing - twitter.com/expert
Do you have an older dog w/ hip and joint problems? Give your dog the nutrients they deserve with Omegas 3&6, found in our supplements!
Will be speaking with senator coons Monday afternoon
I called full moons Mickey Mouse when I was little.
Took me a while to figure out what bloomers are. *lol*
Lol i'm sorry X_X but 3 hours? uhh, are you trying to lose 400lbs or something lol
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can minimize the financial costs of divorce.
Congrats Amazing geology on your blog - love the sandstone islands and the columnar joints intruded by the dike.
Raised quite Catholic, so that always stood out. I think all Anon "politics" make more sense if you've dipped a toe in 4chan
Dumping your boyfriend because he doesn't like Taylor.
Interested mostly in tracks. Subscription req'd for that? Also, I see $49/yr and $99/yr on their site, but don't know difference.
This show is so stupid sometimes
Hello to all our new followers! You are the BEST! We only need 7 followers to get to 1k! would u give us a RT?
Genentech just posted 16 jobs in the general Job listing section on LinkedIn.
Feature article on $ANIK coming out about 10 minutes before market open. DD it ahead of time, sells for over $13 a share
Michele Woods from says that there's very little hope for orphan works bill this year. Perhaps next year?
Don't like when people feel the need to leave comments on outstanding posts about tiny typos, grammatical errors, etc. Seems so trivial.
lol i didn't know "KaKa" was trending about a person..
you post the answers onto that page :)
tonight!!!!!!! gonna be one amaazing night
lmaooo me a lame
It is going to be a beautiful day.
Giving thanks to our Creator for the kick rock in WIFI partnered with the rock-n-roll blended...
LOL, Like I also did at first. I'm really great, haven't tweet with you like forever. :))
and the only one I talk to now (my BBFFFL) even don't trust me, she is showing that she don't care when I need her! :-\
Neat! RT Video: Printing and Binding a Hand Made Octavo « The Blog of the ABAA
A radioactive hazard zone, Chernobyl's is big example.
really you too?! For what class?
Sending happy birthday wishes to - You should know that everyone here in Philly is drinking heavily to celebrate the day!
Do we need defined hours of work any more?
just sobbing silently on my bed RT if you hate older bros and sisters
Star Wars will always be the best thing ever. Shout out to George Lucas and all the Bothans who died to bring you this message.
I agree. Platform is 26463637272x better than Facebook, but there's no incentive for people to switch.
This is why I shouldnt drink.. Just woke up from a 6 hour nap!
what state u in?
Getting ready to go out to eat for supper with another couple
Um We have 666 followers. This is awkward. #sandiego Share this and help us get another follower please!
Best thing about being out of news: have a window so can see fires. Don't have to go to the scene!
did u think you'd be interviewing a master's champ last year at that Miami game?
": Girls with that natural beauty >>>>"
Full moon in the skylight, feeling legitimately crazy.
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 90
I expect youll be #pmki for the next several years RT Baltimore bound!!!!!
Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. -Charles Caleb Colton
that's my philosophy for administering Windows Servers. :)
"be nice to people. Play well with others" #ala11 lead tech serv.
"I thought I was going to die! I thought to myself this is the end!" -Shari "Cause you stabbed yourself with a subway knife? Lol." -me
It's not my fault that i'm not 18. I am only a couple months away from it, and if I could I would turn 18 #RIGHTNOW if I was able to. =/
Was either that or risk being pummeled by you. I've seen the avatars!
hahah we can take her to the concert too
I have too many ppl close to me that disagree with equal rights-so I am always happy to see ppl in power step up to the plate
yes yes then that is good just make sure u put "omfgosh";)
Ok now I think its 48 days until I see 1D in concert!!! :)
As I close one chapter in my life, a new one opens with hope and promise...And I am ready!
Geez, thats deep.... prob a hybrid or driver
ouch... well, it's more fun with bad timing
we'll be waiting for you! (but we will start class on time!)
thanks it was great! We're gonna watch bridesmaids again!
Pat Basset just listed ISENet on his opening keynote slides!
My dorms for next year looks like Hogwarts my friend says.... Their better not be any suspicious wizardry goin on.
three cheers for well mannered delinquents?
The trouble with #SocialMedia is that it's so anti-social.
Boyfriends running around Greenlake then we'll get to enjoy the sunshine :)
Had a great #church service today. It's not my place to judge others. Peoples true colors shine through and everyone has to answer to
Gene Wilhoit: Effort is the primary determinant of education success in many countries, it is not the case in the U.S.
but why? I just don't understand.
If goes home, this officially makes one of the worst days ever. I'm nervous. Ugh.
Just flipped out and cried cause there was a spider in the car but killed it loueyouuu
love the image
I have to throw my lunch away bc the fridge at work is broken. And it was Joy Luck.
i will get this audtion tape in& i will sing at hootfest!! Watch me :)
What you bout that KD?! Haha
Lol when I meet Louis I'm gonna be like "Hey we're in YOUville!" HAHAHAHHA.
“: I dont trust these bitches..”tell en Zoe !
"I usually wake up right as I'm starting to pee" - someone at breakfast
Lol I call people pet names too often lol
It may not surprise you to learn that my living room features both a wood-paneled stereo receiver and a beige Commodore Amiga 500.
On my way to thee mall then Pacifica!School Tomorrow;O
Hi Leigh, I'm honored by your comment. Stay safe!
Get ready for the Holiday Gala again this year! December 23rd at
That must be why she has no pants.
i love being tan:)
There's no "d" in "Michigan v Ohio State".
One hell of a rainy day.
Got my phone reconnected ;p
If he wears the same condoms
no worries, use it when you want!
SWEETY… Really sorry but it ain't nothing sweet about me ha !
Knowledge indeed! Ride those tracks like a silver bullet train.... Got House?
I wish I knew personally. He seems so down to earth. :)
Ill do it my stepdad if it come dwn to it i cant stand these mfs in here mfs @ work some opps too iaint fwt no more
Making Salsa Verde.. Chicken Nachos.... Um! Delicious!
thank u bookie! Mad dat Anit none of y'all at wrk wit me today!!
Hanging in the sun with my buddy
"Be Our Guest" invitations from CFA have "Please Use By" dates (not expiration dates)..so you may still use them
yea we got you Tati!!!
Nice, Im from Saginaw,MI But I live in Florida
What can a girl do to get you to notice her?! I know it's ridiculous b/c I am 18 and you're 16 but still. Haha!
A car full of people, one cute cat and on this morning. Heading to the valley for the weekend.
Take big goals and break them down into small pieces. Set a deadline. Get moving. Keep smiling.
commuting on back road, see a middle school boy waiting alone for school bus. ear buds in, dance moves busting out. Happy Monday!
See you in San Diego!
27 for #linsanity last night..I might have to start watching the #Knicks again..
That 2 mile run just gave me LIFE!
good call on the recital <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Pretty much. I knew it would be too but this is what he wanted so I support him. It's killin' me.
“: We had such a great time at #RescuePallooza!” So successfull!
Even a girl like me could enjoy watching Ninja Warrior :{)
I am so happy my phone is back on...
Don't you just LOVE your #Windows7Phone?
I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER. lol jk, i dance like a retarded penguin.
oh yes!
Thank you TK :)
It's so cold outside today <U+E421><U+E049>
My lit girl wanted to hurry up trick or treating so she can get home to pass out candy to others kids. That's my boo boo girl :) I luv u
great! Thanks for connecting with me!
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported us during the run of TAPE!
I am hoping to have the post on youth soccer, as well as my Cauldron article up by Wednesday!
With and and savs :)
Painting a farm snow scene today-it's amazing how much color is in snow.
Aw, thank you!
"It has been a pleasure doing business with you and your crews"
..next question
Guess I gotta grab 2 zones to get right
guess he's not gonna call at ten like he said...
No text back yet…<U+E40E>
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend. ~Author Unknown
I followed you for this weekend. and possibly this weekend only. I expect good stuff. real good stuff.
Yea and that's not good
Yea i know its hard, but i see something you don't. Hope.
Umami donating 10% of today's proceeds to Madison Waldorf School. Still rez available between 5pm-7pm. Email Randy at
You're my favorite poker player
what every happened with that track u wanted me to do
Cold ones, old friends, and a tee time at Country tomorrow. This Saturday is coming up Brosef.
Wanna go to the movies? :D
“It’s Wednesday Who—One Thing You Might Not Know About Me” Click on my fanpage to discover one fun fact about me:...
Emotions blow, once you figure out how to get rid of them, let me know..lol.
Ask Dev about the story... RT I'm drinking like still takes care of me, then my bill arrives
lol Im just messing'
My point exactly! An inconsistent player for an inconsistent city.
learning Sencha's EXT JS Designer today...wished my head wrapped around these concepts easier
Let’s just say that ‘X’ is a variable name (“Asynchronous Javascript And X”) and keep using our current fancy acronyms.
no problem Ronnie, it will bring you more joy than it brought me :)
Yet another question from the Innovation Leaders Forum: Should we think of innovation as an *outcome* or a *strategy*?
The bus is nasty
I wonder what scent of douche Rick Santorum is?
Sounds like a perfect day! Enjoy and let us know how it goes :)
Wondering if my will get a primetime game this year. RT 5 hours until the schedule release!
RT Just reported a hazard on Veterans Hwy, Bristol, using Waze - Drive Social
'Information alone is not enough to change behavior'-prof. G. Mangiofico
it the perfect hella aggressive og addict track homie
Right! I hate it when that happens, specially when you just washed your car the day before.
Learn Chinese for the day: such:<U+8FD9><U+6837><U+7684>, happen:<U+53D1><U+751F>, rock:<U+5CA9>
should they have interest in brad penny?
Honey mousse with parsnip cake - I'll take it!
keelelellell i miss you:(
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 58
Don't be
Come get your 35mm Lars von Trier on this weekend at 5th Ave Cinema.
Can't wait to see what God's will has in store for me! Getting impatient though. It's like he's never going to die.
That nap was clutch
14 billion ant traps set. Come on bastards im ready for ya!!!
Don't worry, Kathy! At least I know your name.
Your site kicks my ass! :D What a pleasure to visit a horror author's site & find something creepy & fun!
like you get a coin magnet and triple value coins and speed boosts! Go to the store on the main menu page!
My mom racing my step dad is literally an accident waiting to happen
for part yea, why?
Mystified why the guardian doesn't post a way to contact or email addresses for their employees. How do you get a hold of them?
thanks. Its been a long time. How you been
Hey I had a ball at in ATL - seeing Ed do Unchained and Light Up the Sky at soundcheck was worth price alone - thanks
caught your podcast (1-3). I hope the Shamrock went well. I'm also training for MCM as my first marathon. Good luck.
Never seen a video like that that would make me want to make a change. Not just gonna sit back and watch it happen.
Preparedness Tip: Good source of safe drinking water in power outage: your water heater's tank.
love that song!
Nice #INT by the #Falcons ... they're hanging tough tonight. Might knock off the
We'll check it out. If you get an error report it to
#Excited I want black car for my Bday suprise!
Never underestimate your own intelligence and never overestimate the intelligence of others
stock project.... 202 assessment.... now i remember why i stopped doing homework.
down for whatever as long as I dont have to throw 100 for a bottle #nohardliquor for a while rest 4 vegas
It's awarding to help a child find a job. We're looking for OKC companies to contract with to place our teen students. Pay job or intern.
That must be it - how far can you throw the computer, er, paperweight, perhaps?
WE'RE BACK!!! AY Nati and The Sports Freak have produced their first podcast in over a year and its a good one. (1/4)
Sunny Sunday ! :)
M! $1.50 Beef/Chicken Fajita Tacos as well as Tecate to wash 'em down with tonight @ the Goat!!!
Brewers home runs are the best way to make new friends
Catch SAVASANA tonight at in Raleigh NC!
hey my lady's can you two follow my new account please
I don't think I'll ever get over them haha.
Lower _un_employment rate? ;)
Dipset needs to come back
Just because you can doesn't always mean you should
Portland, we're playing Friday night at 2211 NE Holman, with some old old friends... And we'll have shirts!
google the little giant!
had to rush her to her to the hospital text my phone
Oh snap. If I don't have a corporate job by then, I'll walk with ya! Did you get ahold of Alan?
Condescending library patrons are my favorite sort of library patrons.
Awesome show love hearing ya on WGN Radio 720am on Saturday mornings!!
But the hottest opportunity is education– foil stamping needs not be limited to the few as it use to be a “trade secret”.
New SNOCLOTHING Shirt in the works be on the lookout... www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Tonight, the t-giving prep begins. Anyone who knows knows that proper tablescape tools are a must, and we are in short supply!
You should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything you want and need:)
#TVD today! :D
Nor is seersucker, I've found.
DON'T EVER GET OLD also got a star from Publishers Weekly. Seems almost greedy, doesn't it! ;)
I love you dano!
good bye el paso hello Albuquerque (:
Another tool is Mucktey which explores the path of power and influence.
she can't stop shitting.
haha, now that made me spit my coffee out! How'd you know? ;-)
FACEBOOK FOR XBOX 360 ANNOUNCED!! WOW!!
december seventeenth twenty twelve ! <3
you not the only one
Kids need to stop bullying each other. Just seen a kid on t.v. Get jumped because he is from another counry thats so SAD!. CRAZY
oh my "cousin" wanted to run his mouth about me but couldn't handle it when he got called out by Ben so he ran to Daddy to help
Happy Friday!! Have a great weekend!!
Just saw the most amazing doc at Sundance
Final audition at APU is completed.
I Probably should be cleaning my room.
This'll matter for nxt 36 hrs or so RT : It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
oneday i will die while looking at one of your photos! Yeah you're murderer and also a thief! You stole my heart:))
y not i'll tell u mine and i wont lie
To the producers out there... YES we are listening. Submit beats to
At #statefair we are about to test out the ferris wheel!
&ii don't count a mans pockets..
Paul McCartney just warmed my heart!!!
That would be a lot faster.
my head hurts.
well, you do have the #thunder going for you...
he just announced he wouldn't be choosing today he's postponed it
Good morning looks like the assassins failed again.
#Kforce is turning 50 tomorrow! A big thank-you to all of our employees, clients, and consultants for making this day possible!
Is it a mom community? Ugh. I'm so sad that any mom place has a reputation for cruelty! :(
Watching ish that piss me off. First freaking recount on HBO and now two Americas on Current
Former Lakeland High star and current Carolina Hurricanes winger Patrick Dwyer skating for Team USA in World Championships
In the last 2 months, I've shown The Girl: all the Avengers (live action) movies, BSG, Hitchhikers, Spaced, The Office, IT Crowd...
A.maz.ing. Phillip and Bob Seger - wow. Just wow. #Idol Standing O - about time, judges!
*hugs back* I'm glad to be encouraging towards someone. Usually, I feel discouraged. xD
Bout to head home wit my baby! U got Wat u wanted but not Wat u was lookin for!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
WANT A SHOUTOUT? TWEET ME! (MUST HE FOLLOWING ME!) WELL GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
and he took your cookie thing away. Haha.
Oregon's star #wolf OR-7 leaves 5"x5" tracks, bigger than a large domestic #dog's. He keeps himself well hidden too.
A new plant nursery just opened up a few blocks from me! And it's really groovy!
The automated voice on the phone message says, "You can tell, we're really excited about this new service."
Pamper your car!! Get 20% off any auto detailing if you mention twitter. Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you!
Why do my people have to get up so early! I tired!!!!
the waitress had to call manager so he could tell us we had to order more food or leave? She couldve told us herself
what an amazing comeback by djokovic!
Yay! Makes me feel special inside.
a year already? can't even RT Congrats #BU seniors! You've made it! Can't wait to hear who your speaker is!
Quan just p'd me off
First rule of leadership: everything is your fault. ~ A Bug's Life
Some days I wanna see Bron just whale on someone
Where is evidence was "hounded" by the "far left" into leaving Romney campaign b/c of his sexual orientation?
I havent had sex with a black girl in a long time.I had jungle fever for years..#team pink booties
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Delegate Dale Martin.
Roller skating at a party!!!It's so fun!!!:D
Aww, I'm gon have to come up there and visit you.
Fina-fcking-ly. At Huntington Beach. Cali boys in!
I agree he's on a rage this season
Rugrats!(: #hell yes
Love my new Samsung Epic 4G! Just got my new phone today... excited! :)
Eggs and Bacon
Those people, who stay in different cities, can celebrate the occasion by sending valentines gifts online
:( allergies suck :/
Gotta die with money cuz i wasnt born with it
cry ya hay senales de la raza
have a great Christmas...slightly different I suppose!! Hope all is going well...
In the lab baking cookies! #praiseGod!!!
Still can't upload my run today.
Well…I can't say no to ! Done. “: Play "work hard play hard" on at 7 on too!!!!”
Sometimes I forget how good it feels to bang out a great workout..
honestly I'm just waiting for that day when a bitch wants to call me fat to my face instead over the web so i can knock her out right there
Yes! New songs came out today from The Word Alive and Childish Gambino. Happiness couldn't be described in any other way....
well now I am intrigued
man I could have used a 45 min Easter mass today with the way my kids were acting.
meaning he get to much credit or not enuff.......???
oh man. You're gona be left wondering about the travesty on your face until you get get back to a mirror
just did!
damn you dont remember the Pacers part tho? And Denzel was like "The Pacers dude? Come on now" lol
alright, i'll be there in a minute... and we can leave when critical mass is reached
Bitch dont worry about my goals, and success level! You keep punching a clock!
yal are acting like crazy people
Ok! One last clue, coming in the next tweedle!
Don't you think should be on. #MIOBI to talk to kaylie?I sure do!!!#StayStrong#StayStrong!!!
Pretty sure i bought out this morning. Cc:
Thanks again for listening appreciate all your support!! Later 0n!
": Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago. #FullForce" lol..might hit
Join us Sunday, June 19th to say 'Thank Dad' by treating him to a delicious Bloody Mary & Brunch !
I wish I would talk to you more:/ youre a great person!(:
k...ill be waitin
I'm buying new pedals next week and I need that sound brother !
you ain't gone @ him doe ?
e.g. for credit courses with few students but grew over the course of years (would have been easy to cut it in "strategic" times)
for an old fart you stay up awfully late!!
Senior year has been THE WORST out of all four years!
just don't pass to RT! Lol
I'm young and gotta do it while I can. Its easy for games as well.
yur welcome mama (:
Very relaxing and centering session with Thank you Cristhal!
"one good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain" - trench town rock
Popo just busted us! Aw!
Odd. People tell I'm simple all the time, but they usually are shaking their heads in despair when saying it.
<U+FFFD>The common reputation of Twitter is that it<U+FFFD>s frivolous, which isn<U+FFFD>t the case
I know your out there somewhere I just hope we finally meet sometime real soon <3
Nap time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
solid choice lol
Also missing: reproduction.
From our family to yours, #HappyThanksgiving everyone
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
#MentionMyCrush Sorry, no crush. Just eyes on one guy & he's mines by the looks of it
Politics should never interfere with people helping people.
Who remembers the bump? The hustle? The funky four corners? Go retro with us on Thurs' patio party! Cocktails and live music from 6 - 9!
ru havung a red&black party for v-day lol
Would you/do you wear white before Memorial Day?
yay! Welcome back!!
Fletcher= J-E-T-S, JETS, JETS,JETS!!!!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 28
I know I am late on this but glad you liked it!!!
is my new bruno/mac/liam.
Make that triplets...or ghost army?
If I had dollar for every time I tore open a package and THEN saw that it had a re-sealable opening...
You don't know my struggle
where oh where will we get breakfast today?
Fitch report: high yield default rate expected to end this year in a range of 2.5% to 3%.
Not my weekend, I guess. Shoot.
Dark Shadows was great! Super funny/dark/twisted. Reminded me a bit of Death Becomes Her! were amazing&beautiful
then dont! Keep it fresh :)
Is that Charley Murphy's voice in the NBA commercials? And if it isn't, it should be.
Religious beliefs?
it goods to be back. this place has been missing some mediocre randomness..
Looking forward to it :)
-"i'll wow your married friends with stories of my sexy-life" -"oh see, when you said that i automatically assumed sex-life-past" -"oh thx"
the realization of knowing you have no chance with </3 sad times lol.
Handling fires as the pop up! Everything is waiting on someone else...so hands off the steering wheel!
I'm there May 3rd :) which ones?
And your ass you stinky bastard : Oh man my mouth is on fire!!!
When's the last time you hear #Streetlife by #TheCrusaders on the radio? You're hearin it now! Pledge your support. 612-529-5236
#GoodMorning everybody T.G.I.F
ok u had me scared like really
dang u flew a lil bit! Maybe u won't get struck while ur there!
#whatiddowith500milliondollars pay off my student loans. And with the $100 I'll have left, maybe a nice pair of slacks.
Thank you!
Laura Prepon is doing a show with Chelsea Handler? Why Donna, Why !!
haha that was hilarious
Thank you. I did! I figured it's too cold outside to drink water. So I went with booze.
it really has.... how you holding up?
Three days to go until the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride! AND we just added a new sponsor. Thank you Wishard Hospital for supporting the event.
your postcard is taped above my head where I sleep
Google Ads thinks any marginally tech-savvy woman I know is a man. Pro-tip, Google: Ladies are interested in social SEO and app dev., too.
Chill mode
o shush
It's always "going to be okay" when it's not happening to you.
I CAME WHEN I ATE IT
Good heavens!
I will save the best for last...great Mawnin <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> wayment no celebrating cause y'all LOST last night! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2> boo ya!
No, I will not share my iPod with you. It's called an iPod, not an usPod.
what kind? (x
Now I want some cereal and milk
lol they were at Coachella and almost everyone there smokes
Ordered my 4th skirt! I just love running in a skirt now!
I am workin on it brother!!! and when we come back well stay there!!!! Keep being the 2012 ROCKSTAR U R!!! JOEY WIZZLE!!!
See you tonight my dude. Jimmy's is the #boss hangout spot tonight.
Thats why we like it. RT : twitter: the only place people can constantly name drop and not get called out for being obnoxious.
Felling sick to my stomach so I'm attempting a nap...
The hardest thing to do is,watch someone you love, love somebody else.
NFL may be locked out, but not Pros and Cons - first feature film about fantasy football....find out first at facebook.com/prosandconsmovie
What a croc of crap, huh?
I've only met one girl who doesn't like that song, and her reason is because "they sound British" Chick's a dumbass
You don't have a movement. You have a subsidiary. And you're still a piece of snitching shit.
I'm 20 tweets away from 1500. With rehearsal being today I shall be way beyond that before the end of the day.
feeling all roofus doofus right now...might find me some trouble to get into this weekend...come on weekend with your funky self!
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art - Paul Cezanne
Sometimes a fella just needs to eat himself some Arby's
Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Yep!!RT : they're on other stuff thinking that.
sounds a bit disjointed. As much as I love him, probably too much in a 33 min mix. Would like to dissect more DM maybe
How did your last show go? And a thought - add #Actress to your Twitter profile!
Back to da money!
ARSENAL BEATS BARCELONA!!!
I think macirb (part of macruby) is about as close as you'll get.
Ur words are sharp like a knife...
I need sum
So, what are the #terrorists that my #Zionist #US gov has sent into #Syria up to today? Packing up 2 go bak 2 their #NATO countries?:)
good idea! I have a feeling though, she'd still want to jump around it.
TABUUUU!! Downtown Say-Town poppin! Get here now....
We were able to donate another $60 to help aide Japan. We've donated a total of $340 with your help - thanks!
I just uninstalled Path from my iPhone. Not sure I'll ever reinstall it with the current feature set.
do it! Am I awake, am I dreaming. Listen to sndtrk. It's crazy good and creepy.
Scared to ask because I don't want to jinks it, but...any snow in the future??
If you're surrounded by people who agree w/ you about most things, you aren't learning & you aren't leading. ~Donald Miller
Only installed on desktop w/ mouse so far, laptop w/ touchpad will be next.
Had an awesome conversation about bikini waxes with the women at school today,,, funniest shit EVERR
and a gorilla
Looks so amazing! Your pics always make me hungry :-)
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
thank you :) I just shaved on the edge of the bathtub hahhaha. Made me miss you
pushin carts then off to Leesburg Ga
that is so exciting!! <3 Santa Cruz! Can't wait to meet up. Things are going great with me. How has the move been for you?
Barajas yelling "loud noises" from the dugout on Cutch's shot was honestly the best thing I've seen all day
you look a little like Kelly Leak
let's pick a night and get the Studio City crew back together! everyone at Cha Cha, let's make this happen!
But does it taste good? ;-) I LOVE me a skinny latte!
Great interview with MR, Molly! I think I could use some business tips from you
I'll just end up at the across the street until the crowd dies down a bit :D
Thunder and lightning like crazyy. I love thunderstorms.
What book has influenced you greatly? How?
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
I feel as if I'm missing something funny
Blu-ray Review: Three Outlaw Samurai via
Attending for #Nonprofits - Google Analytics > How are people using your site from different devices?
go get em tiger. Im starting my gym thurs.
April 2012. Barcelona here I come.
. will Deepak respond with anything other than, "Words words, big words, made up word. Words pretend things word."?
can we order one of these? I love it!
general hosptail is getting hotter hotter
Dude this girl getting rape in this bar I can't deal this shit is crazy
thanks so much Naomi! I'd love to connect sometime if you're free :)
I cried when Will smith killed his dog in I Am Legend
Less talking. More making. My mantra for 2012.
of course! :)
damn only 2 more full days of high school
You bet. I'm always happy to answer questions! Drop me a PM.
shut up. Amazing
come it's great!
Nonsense "patriots" thought the GOP budget was too progressive, but you think the Dems would present a more conservative budget?
#MacBook #Apple Apple MacBook Pro 13in Core i5 laptop
so much I need to say..
major score!!!
I really don't see it as that big a deal; women who chose not to have children are a minority; it will not stop man-kind....
We have many Tea Party-ers who are unhappy with how that movement has developed.
I know how lame is that! Arg it needs to be $14000 to be really competitive
Boulder, CO! We would, shall, and will traverse Kansas for you! See you on Friday at the Fox Theatre!
lol old ass movie.. I'm watching the karate kid, tryna sleep lol.. But its not goin too good.. What u been up to?
SHUT UP I AM NOT.
I really don't understand why you follow Chris just to talk shit.
I see no heart from the Lakers. Of course except for Kobe.
Hehe! The most satisfying thing about this season? Newcastle will finish above Chelsea with all their millions. Life is good.
Jack White's new album is going to rock
thats great. omg.
What are you up to tonight Luis?
I'm still working on the bit about how my dog ran off with my best friend...
Stand tall.
“: Sen Ellen Roberts, also an R, reps same area in state senate (Durango/Montrose)..voted FOR #civilunions. #coleg”
"baby in a microwave!?"
I have some business to do and several friends in the city. I usually hit the E Village, Brooklyn and Midtown West
I still shake my head is disbelief whenever I turn on and hear of #OBL's demise.
Did Kat Fernandez think of that idea? That's a fantastic recruitment tactic!
Why pay taxi rates if you can get a sedan lincoln towncar for the same price? Visit Transportation100.com
Justin Timberlake Skipping Own Wedding If Exes Can't Come? - Gather Celebs News Channel
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page Th
is there a mobile app (android preferred) for myslice?
Announcing today. Very much enjoying the DVD guros on Filmmaker Roger Corman.
recipe please?
Where should you go if you need to replace your old lenses???? ;-)
There are some things that can only be changed by tears brought on by the holy presence of God.
romney didnt inherit $ (fair enough) but certainly he inherited many unique advantages: networking, a famous name, etc...
Have any of you switched from a Mac to a PC as I'm considering doing? If so, did it trigger an identity crisis?
Hehe today I tripped me stupid brother or what I like to call my sister!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY!!!!!!! Love you boo!!!!!!!
Come the fuck on
How is Tim Geithner's head so....vertical? Like someone put it in a trash compactor.
Now that the weather is getting nice, try changing up your workouts by doing exercises outside! Enjoy the fresh air!
:) just made my day by calling me a hXc (hardcore) EDGE chick :) thanks man! <3
what is the hashtag for 2day?
hey nice profile pic.
Almost in the field house.
This is what Chad Billingsly looks like against a team that isnt named Pirates or Padres
I will say that if CB told me to do something I would probably do it! Much respect for that person!!
saaaaammmmee!! Next date there maybe! I have a habit of ordering everything that comes in toast there.
After praying... I continued standing still and awaited an answer... It came in the form of a feeling... Continued next tweet
Good morning everyone - have a productive day!
I could think of even worse ways to describe some of the people I've dealt with.
maybe a serious sass hole
If you go see Tree Of Life, do everyone a favor and DON'T EAT (or chew ice!!) in the theater. SHHH!
During their show dedicated "Don't Fear The Reaper" to of who died today. R.I.P. MCA.
The public market is a great space.
#medlibs In meant time, to add outside events to your #mlanet12 itinerary. Import into your calendar & add your events in your calendar
RT : Today I choose to be STRONG
So Matt Roth lost his scholarship to the Next Big Thing at IU? And Hoosier fans are surprised? Thats #housecreaning101!
Digital preservation value of HathiTrust for journals seems under-appreciated, more than 260K titles representing >2.5 vols...
Your #Carmel taxes are so low because like & Nat experts, investing in quality of live returns dividends
the bones of ancient creatures/fall from glass and steel hulks - / so many renegotiated raindrops bursting on the sidewalk
Got Some Subway
no way! rootbeer floats all the way !!
where you heading off to?
Dawg u know I hate onions
Thank u gorgeous! Thank u for the follow! Separate tweet to follow coming soon!
yep, for sure!
Starting to reach out to local startups in the Philly area to interview about competing companies. Updates will be posted to the blog!
why isn't your account verified?
I look at it differently,when u r growing a plant Who don't know how it's going to turn out but u hope 4 a gorgeous flower RT
k bout to now
Just booked Maxwell House! Yay! They are "good to the last drop" in my book!
pendulum vibe is a classic- u ain't got enuf body parts to cut off for it!! :)
clearly, you have never been to happy valley.
this is the best thing you have ever tweeted
Looking for a natural ant repellant? Any ideas better than 'Meditate and communicate with them and invite them to leave'
Do things that won't scale; it will teach you. (Co-Founder AirBNB.com)
Great way for me to look at bad moments.
You are right. I think I will download the book and read it over my vacation.
State test 2mr -,-
Hai Gooodmorning have a god day! wish me good luck on testing ? <3 (:
no but I'll go check it out now!
watching ten year old girls walk around 400 level terrace #BeastMode-ing around by themselves
If we're doing countries, Tony Parker, Nic Batum, Kevin Seraphin. Not too shabby, Frenchies.
i figured. Haha
Exactly. Me too.
I love shooting, however I'm really enjoying post production a lot. My goal to retouch images w/out drawing attention to my work
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 3
Drew D has to be standing on a box, Trace is 6 ft 6 in
": Man gtfoh Soulja Boy tryna remake Juice I give up on life if this happens" Lmfao (Agreed) lol
It's quite possible that the progressiveness of our generation can be attributed to The Golden Girls. Love them gals
And, it begins. Breakfast, prep, maybe breaking for an interview, wedding, more work. There are no vacation days.
"Children consume over 7.5 hours of media a day." Holy shit, that's a workday. via
better get it checked out.
thank u=]
i gotta see that movie! and besides you dont have to pay, jst sneak in. just like the old days.
You as Morgan Freeman for 10 minutes almost killed me today, dude. NOW HOLD ON, REDBAN. Hard R's, dood.
You mean white people in North Carolina? RT : WHITE PEOPLE STOP MAKING ME LOOK BAD
Lovely email from one of last year's #CGT 256 students. Today is the day! :))))))))
: lol, but remember, she can't be on that iPad ALL day. She just gone have to be mad...
Stunting ass people <<
If you want to annoy me, chew real loud like a cow.
What a cute Doggie! What's her name Zak?
RT : Our latest partnership for = Bubba Watson. Launched less than one month ago!
Canada is taking over ! !
toys like baby toys? ;)
text me :)
yess ill let you know because I really like it :)
ahah straight up G
Still haven't gotten an email about the case being opened.
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: Utah Valley wins tonite at #11 Arizona State
I'm finally getting some muscle <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
my entire weekend has been altered i'm stuck home for the entire weekend..no Church services,no mta/train running ugh and i'm bored
fucking hottest guy EVER is online right now......
Maybe a #ccGlobal Olympics project next??
shut up. We both know that you're the adorable one on youtube! Haha.
omg what candy? I'm heading to maui tomorrow
Facebook's other co-founder, Dustin Moskovitz, says "I don't intend to amass capital," hints most of his wealth will b donated
Boy, do I feel stupid. I just discovered that OS X has a built-in #font management app called Font Book. Doh!
I will never watch a Ken Burns documentary in the same way again.
got the most amazing woden carved heals from Bastille Days!
The first track on "Radio Music Society" (Radio Song) is smoking. Demonstrates Esparanza Spalding wide range musical talent.
lmao then she got trey young as his name like ... Who is that?
I need someone to converse with. Somebody text me.
Thanks; glad you thought so!
beautiful outside.. park bound
just did my nails meow
thank you for all for RT's
Whenever I drive out this late it feels great. Just wish I could go ouy for a drive on the freeway tonight.
American Museum app is packed to the gills with features. Did they leave anything out?
Interested in doing photo mods of the beautiful followers. Candidates will be chosen soon...
like skyscraper <3
There's nothing like a walk off win to send me home happy.
depending on when david gets here, we should go somewhere and watch....me freak out.
I haven't talked to her in a few days. But I guess we're good. How are you?
If you're looking for your favorite diner, then Google Places will lead the way and even provide you coupons if there are any!
If Chris Paul won't re-sign with the #Hornets, I think they should trade him to anyone BUT the Knicks. Send him to the Pacers
I wish relationships in movies were the same as real life , <U+2665>
I'll bet there's a fat sack o' chronic in Dick Clark's sock drawer that he never told anyone about.
I'm going to start watching The X Factor (USA) in the fall. HEY, we have Uncle Simon and Demi Lovato!
5 months of thinking about it and I think I finally have the official question for my senior thesis! The thesis of my thesis?
Thanks dear!
I'm taking my buddy to his first production: Makropulos Case! Special thanks to for affordable orchestra seats!
in the studio with the fam as he works on a exclusive track dedicated to his mother.. "Everyday"
IKR we r just that cool :) <3
Wah ok so maybe i shouldnt have started my bday cely so early...i hope i make it out.
Check here for my AVON Deal of the Day. Everyday I will post product deal here on Facebook, Twitter (abeachdude) & abeachdude.blogger.com.
Investgaion by freeh should be wrapped up by May
Please show us support by pressing "Like." Thanks everyone!
Ima Sacramento Reprezentative Workin Hard To Make It To The Top Every Day I Work Harder Then I Did The Day B4
Today was a great day! Day one of school in the books :-)
stormy throughout chicagoland...what gives?
Think that is where we are going to go to and then home.
Getting ready to leave Dubai. What an amazing city!
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to accomplish success?
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 12
I feel sick i been snezzing for hours and i still have a sore throat:(
Jack White's Blunderpuss streaming live on iTunes
ewwwwwwww!!!! Hahahah weird! And holy fuck I just saw my horoscope online! Holy fuck holy fuck! So true!
exactly what we do at class night
thank you so much! :)
me too.
where is "here"?
Heading to Indiana and the Feinstein Initiative for a couple of days.
Woke up at 7:50 & thought I missed my ride to school. Then I was all like oh it's Sunday. Silly me(:
Ok now...close-out the quarter well.
Let's Go Bullets
can we please figure out this communication thing? Lol I don't know if I should call you back or not
How has new media changed PR?
Fuck, can't unsee that one...We are truly living in the end of days.
I think in about 2-3 months Becky will be replaced... It will be a sad day, so many memories!
Thanks to you and everyone who celebrated with us and supported #Toys for Tots!
apols for not knowing street talk, can we have a translation please? LOL!
Who tryna make some money hit my dm
Please don't go blonde! I'd kill for porcelain skin and dark brown hair. Gorge. :)
They are so cute! Love the Santa pjs! We celebrate Christmas year round. :)
Lord, lead Me not into temptation, but won't you let a few things slide. -BAC
So little time left being a college kid. Things are starting to become very surreal.
I want to be when I grow up.
Bill says what the Irondequoit streaker did was WORSE than this next man he talks about, who may be headed to jail. 222-6000
Don't forget, we are closed today & tomorrow for our yearly maintenance. See everyone on Wednesday!
A four letter word that works wonders: L-O-V-E
Cindy is explaining how to use other webinar platforms to poll
Join the ASTD Lighthouse (/astd-) for their first meeting of the year at BancorpSouth (main branch) on 2/9 at 11:30.
I know yall bout that thuglife. I'm just tryna make it fair so yall won't jump em.
Wassup peoples?! It's !
Then a unicorn in leg warmers is likely on its way to you right now! Along with some socks... :)
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
it's ok. Do you really feel like "playing" with a theatre company anyway? Nope!
is awesome! If you have a chance to see something there, do it!
Ferguson "Israel is in many ways the healthiest Western civilization in the world including the United States."
He's losing it...
I know, who does she think she is? Hahah
RT #Smallbiz owners can save up to $14k a year by using mobile apps for administrative work, says a new survey:...
Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy brithday dear Happy birthday to you (:
MAN....ONLY THANG I CAN SAY SHOCKED HELLUVA SEASON 4 DA EAGLES VICK HAS OFFICIALLY SURPASSED REDEMPTION
It's cause he is the dumb one! with
. so glad you enjoyed #AlvinAiley at NJPAC! Two more shows this weekend!
perhaps I oughtn'nt've deterred you from your path.
funest thing to do
asdfghjkjhgfdfgh THANK YOU! I just announced a shout out on fb to like your music n.n.
Thank you to our sponsors, lane hosts, Lucky Strike, and attendees for a very successful #GPPCMA Bowling for Hunger event!
We hope everyone's having a gorgeous Sunday! Enjoy this day with your loved ones!
where you been?
mid project Windows decides its fucking alright to close everything for updates without warning or any chance to save ANYTHING. not cool.
haha oh that's perfect. An then we'll live happily ever after :)
I just opened my eyes
me too haha:'')
Run WITH fun...nothing can happen other than u building personal strength. enjoy. :)
The greatest success is being yourself.
Good rec! I still find that plus 1000s of things in my feed so overwhelming! I need big chunks of time to write/research too
Crazy smart with no comma in between, right? Congrats winner of FL Bk Award! She's a crazy smart lady too.
did you know postsecret is on here?
Whoa! Don't get too tired now. :)
Already have been to one doctor today now on to the next one..Lovely!
KCAI animation is hosting writer/animator David B. Levy at 7 p.m. Feb. 16 in Epperson Auditorium - free and open to the public.
Do what you like doing even if it seems stupid or you think people will hate it. If you like writing poetry, then write it!
call me the dumb American but do you guys in Canada get to vote too?
Just got your email! Great to hear from you, Bryan!
"Our mission here is too profound for marshmallows..." --VOLCANIC IN ORIGIN, tonight @ 8PM
me too! We could be roommates next year.
One week from today! Do you have your tickets yet?
RT : Number one biggest lie everyone has told: I have read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
": I love Stu Scott. I think he's hilarious" for good reason he's a
Just in case...
"Action is the foundational key to all success"--Picasso,
Jesse thanks you for the link to land mind video.
17 inches“: couldn't pay me enough to drive my truck out on the ice.....pile of vehicles went in on bago yesterday.”
I think that's right. There are so many beautiful areas in Austin! Let us know if you ever need our help with anything.
I Love You So Much
We're getting set up for the Pre-Ride Party (optional) at Lucky Lab. It's today from 2-5, come get checked in early.
and Do me with a churro, arriba!!
eMusic has totally gone down the drain....thanks Sony!
Great movie!!!
Can he bring us a bigger WR? That would help. RT : Wright said: "I can't wait to see what I can help bring to the team"
It's called Finding Bigfoot and is on Animal Planet. I'd be too scared to actually go look for a bigfoot! lol!
Thank you Dianne Miller for coming out and doing some photography for the Bitter Sober show last night!
do you get a "pop tart crumbs on the bathroom floor" badge if you check in at garland enough times?
haha i would have gladly accepted right after you received your mvp award
Rise and Shine!! Today we will be renewed and joyful!
I keep it real with everyone, but I only fuck with those that keep it real with me.
Konk Pack performs in HOUSTON, TX :: TOMORROW Saturday, April 3, 2010 - 8pm !
On Enemy Soil opening for Kittie tonite at the Hawthorne Theater $23 at the doors. Doors 7pm.
My daughter is scared of the #blacksanta. She prefers the #whitesanta. So her pic was without Santa. The first pic without Santa...
Students said "fast on" was positive aspect of iPad. This fits the extending the classroom plan.
Politician visits retirement community
I love , I don't care what happens.
I want to buy a helicopter.
This the day the Lord has made; we are rejoicing and are glad in it!!
so you're doing bio notes which means you have your book so why couldn't you find it
basically over my "man" well one of em. She lied to me and said her and him were not talkin,
One of my teachers got Twitter acct today so she could follow NCAA.
< 4 hours sleep. coffee-less. consider yourself warned.
No problem!(:
not much here. Sorry I missed your Skype call yesterday.
Lots of plans falling into place for move to Bay area. New office location in Campbell, CA. Should be moved in and ready to go March 26!
Askinq God To Relieve Me From My Struqqles &'nd Problems &'nd Make Me An Even Better Woman!
The arena is going crazy !!!
2D previews do no justice for a good 3D movie. Hm. If only there was a solution.
We will have to get together when you're back so that you can tell me all about it.
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 4...SEAHAWKS/COLTS #TAKETHEOVER (44)...COLTS @ HOME VS. HAWKS, SHOULD BE GOOD FOR 37+ ALONE...
i dont know i ur the real austin so quiz time. Wat prank didbu play on robert?
Girls know the lotion on your nightstand is not for your hands. They are choosing to overlook this.
Cool! Will go look now.
wow i really cant stand haters.. lol too funny i never hate on anyone i always give them their props lifes to short to hate on someone!
Well don't keep us in suspense too long...lol.
you need to learn to have trust
Are you ready for a crazy night!? BIOTCHES ;0...oh yea I did an open mouth smiley face....
The lovely is taking #hugtour to Hawaii today, and is hugging in New Orleans next week. Can't wait for photos!
RT #Deep RT : Is one supposed 2 add Sriracha 2 food or food to Sriracha? 1 of life's great mysteries // :)
If you want to be on the guest list for 's Lingerie Show tomorrow morning at , email us:
Twin Cities Happy Hour Deals features ONLY restaurant, bar & entertainment deals (bowling, movies, theater...) No spa, auto, eyeglass etc...
Hey I followed you back love
off to bed.. can't wait for my 5 pairs to arrive! such a neat concept, I will have to spread the word.
lol yes they probly are. Then they always tell me "to calm my tits" how do i do that do i put ice on them lol xD
I want your phyco your vertical stick xD love that part
We are fast approaching #CES2012. If you would like to book your appointment, please contact your Account Manager. Or, send us a
Wow, how sad. Nobody like Joe Cowley here more so...he's a sexist pig.
Supplies? You better walk home.
so i spent all day on the river and ended it watching the #saints game the best way to spend my birthday...
It's way to hot outside
That's the important distinction that gets lost sometime.
I'M STRESS EATING CEREAL.
LIVE MUSIC FROM IRELAND
so I bought the new album glad I did its epically amazing and Yah good job guys :) .
My should hurts so bad :(
I saw The Select on Saturday. Staging and sound effects were exquisite, acting was stellar. Hope you enjoy it!
It's President's Day!! Maybe this question is a little heavy but.. who are you gonna vote for this November?
oo thanks! I'm on a lull. Do you have time right now to get coffee?
appreciate it ma!
Good morning. All well with everyone?
Im just an option to you . The other ones making me a priority . dont complain at what you couldve changed.
BREAKING NEWS** WILLIAMS FUNERAL HOME, long standing family owned n Columbia, Tennessee burning! Major alarm..Heavy damage already reported.
Tweeting for the first time!
Bruins the early aggressor leads to an early goal 1-0
Our Music Madness sale starts one week from today! We're offering 5-20% off, financing, and new specials too. Don't miss it!
Just watched Breaking Dawn and it was amazing <U+2764>
. is correct I don't recommend hybrid bikes. sounds like you are looking for true commuter weight is important.
it's should work big sis. Works for me makes the best
ok and im not drunk foo
It's almost like every club in america is pretending like the Macarena doesn't even exist anymore. So sad.
#CST is one of the best and lowest cost communication aids to be found anywhere in the world today
an interview for what outlet?
the horror...
omg. (: seeing you guys on abdc..
Really excited for Symbiosis Gathering! Playing with some great bands in a beautiful setting.
Oh okay sure let me just get hit by this bus quick because you don't want to move the stroller! Like ... I'll kill your baby.
I Love Cops...lol..not
The Power of Now...
"Dear Hiring Manager" is the norm. I get that maybe you're mass-applying. Just don't send me a "cover letter" in that case.
Loved working with our extern last week. Great program, !
RT I wonder do approve of my new avi! Lol <---- NO! TRY AGAIN! Haha Naw....I actually love it.
“: We're in a pyramid scheme with our planet. It's not sustainable. Eventually it will fail. - Tom Fisher #TEDxUMN” totally!
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. – Abraham Lincoln
Hey everyone. We are making some adjustments to our phones and they will be down for about 10-15 minutes. I will update when we are back up.
no problem
in sunny Orlando for the rest of the week. Except it's not sunny right now (it's pouring down rain). Hope it clears before arrives!
you are so cool ;love the music :)
The and headline this summer! Snag your 3-Day passes this hr with
#Kuechly #panthers nice pick hes a monster
Happy Zombie Jesus Day! Unlike regular zombies, Jesus did not rise again for your brains, but rather, your soul.
Have you tried the POZOLE yet?!? Get in here already!
I'm not at Cheesecake Factory anymore, btw. I'm now in the LBCC gym. Which makes more sense.
thanks for the follow!!
RT : Are your workouts not enough lately? Have you hit a plateau? Try our awesome deal from Wired Fitness today for......
#Survivor was fantastic. The right person won. Kim played a hell of a game
RT : Congratulations no matter what place! RT : Reid was just on Show on the Scripps Spelling Bee
LOL exactly. The Caps are masters of underutilizing their skills. At SJ has made a couple of conference finals.
Pls help #RyanKennedy he's. A young cancer patient & we should get this 2 trend as well
it's a nice day to be happy-- Love Life
Honest Monday is getting too fucking honest. If they play journey I'm out of here. Ballini! And Krow!
RT : Our goal is to have all continents covered with AWS regions -
yw :) we'll be airing that show tomorrow, same time... and then again tomorrow night at 9p EST
Woohoo! Hope it's going well, guys - can't wait to see our shows in action tomorrow night!!
not the milwaukee variety
Follow. Us on MySpace.com/wilsonhotamales
The biggest and best lessons that we can learn from Ricky Williams have nothing to do with football.
srry bitch but im romantic <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> c;
wait what? Your confusing me now. Haha
hey did you include the photos of civilians murdered by Hamas??
So long and thanks for all the fish
We are getting the first shipment of 2011 Williams cycling carbon wheels in next week. They are supposed to be lighter and stronger. Cool!
Let's go ahead and pretend I didn't hear something that just sounded like a gunshot.
Great day !
This is truly pathetic, Kels. You have to pounce on scattered leaves rather than a pile of leaves.
Oh, I hates working there, lol. The job is easy my manager was just ...
Why even guard Kobe...?
Shout Out To Some Of Our Gear Will Be Getting To U Shortly Bro!
Almost That Time, Make Sure Ya'll Support the Song #LebronBryant by ft Produced by AllStar Dropping 2Day
I'm so tired , I've been up since 8 this morning w/ my mom .
you say potato, i say vodka.
Right now I wish I was running tomorrow. Ask me again in the morning though.
BAD MIND DEM FAKING...Boom Chune...Claire Angel COME AGAIN!!! RED ROSE (#R.U.IRIE) a seh DAT!
Dying because Ian got hacked. Omg I miss him
Please don't tell me the concert is cancelled becuz of the snow!
I'm seriously craving cold stone right now! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
IMMORTALS needs cliff dwelling guitar wailers.
2.5 hour workout at the gym today>>>>>
I think so xp
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA tomorrow nite in Chester - Civil War surgeon Mary Edwards Walker - on the Commons, SR 248
Living in Baltimore has many perks including #HBO filming "House of Cards" in the restaurant in your building.
I got to spend part of my afternoon in a cop car! Can't talk about details
Who can get a Lex Her Ldr from today and would be willing to send it to me??? I want one as a keepsake and it is impossible to get in Cincy.
Going into school at 11 >>>
We love you and your amazing crew!
lol it hurts, really bad. I'm high as balls from the pain killers n I'm flippin starving
The first sleep after day light savings is the hardest.
Thanks for retweet! Such an important message.
They probably won't make it past 300 miles.
don't waste your time!
I've got 24 days to do an excessive amount of work and to find a job...I'm scared out of my mind
This was one of my favorite parts... learning the significant ramifications of agriculturalization on human sexuality.
loser the game boy games were better anyway
: Mike Brown wouldn't be the coach of my AAU squad.
President Obama say's his endorsement of same sex marriage is a "logical extension" of what he sees as the future of the country
I'm feelin sick homes. :(
“: LA!” where you gonna be?
I like her so much, and I just ruined everything )': ); /;
Acxiom (Acxiom) thanks for the follow.
lol that's a good thing then lol
married ones get weirder too!
#Biden gets away with it b/c everyone knows he's the village idiot.
Are you serious?
I love The New Profile Pic So Beautiful And Backrounds Awesome 2!
Free Fallin' by John Mayer will never get old
Thanks for checking out the review. I normally prefer something more full in strength, but I still enjoy it. Construction = Wow!
The Apple iPhone update v 5.1.1 really dropped the cell signal strength meter on my 3GS. 2 bars is the new 4bars
Drivn Damn Near Free #Contest continues. Prize increased to $30; this round ends @ 1:00 EST. Good luck!
congrats; that's awesome
GURL you know you want big hair
After 12 days of work is time for a much needed rest.
my 1st take: "We mean well, but we're too incompetent to run a publication program without outsourcing it to the enemy."
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darknesses. -Kazantzakis
british military camo... planets you've never heard of...
Let's go cause chaos in The Wizarding World Of Harry Potter! Who!
Happy 2012!!! Already proving to be an amazing year!
I can't watch tv shows if I'm not on it,for some reason it's really tough. Especially when I see other brothers my age on the box.
fita she's something else! #WARNING HA!
A friend told me this today and I'm keeping it in mind. "Challenges can stop you, or they can make you unstoppable. The choice is yours!"
until next year, that is, when they're hitting next to one another in the same lineup.
I wish I could respond to everyone individually but I need to thank everyone for their support! This is the ride of my life!
On my way to the bowling alley with thembi and kallie :)
east side is where it's at
A fairly high percentage of responses to my Facebook posts and Tweets involve offers and/or mentions of whiskey. Keep up the good work, all.
VERY CONCERNED! With that kind of expenditure, you'd think they'd be winning this war!
to know me is to love me.
I have some amazing boys
CAMERON RTED ME.... DYING OVER HERE ASDFGHJKL
I desperately need to grow taller!!!!! If not next year I'm officially a nobadi as compared to the scary Vball giants <U+E403>...
Hello Cheryl
that's talent my man
so you're 0-3 but keep sluggin away honey. Or do something productive like maybe reread the Bill of Rights.
Amazing how productive sitting in the driveway with a sleeping kid in the car can be! Let me know how it goes
Headed to #Detroit tomorrow to launch #NoKidHungry with Governor Rick Snyder - and make Michigan our 18th NKH state!
I've never seen a fat zombie.
and I don't want to go to work tonight. The only thing I look forward to is Brewers baseball on the radio.
he is taking an exam. :(
Four exams. One day.
Girl was speaking lies, so I slap her the truth (Bible.)
So does anyone know when comes out?
This sounds great!
You won a prize!! Come to our table at the union from 10-2 or you can pick it up later at UCA 5500. Congrats!
Lie lie lie all you know.
I love Beauty & the Beast but thank god they didnt use the alternate opening because that was not easy to watch
looks great!
haha thanks, ya girl! haha that's kinda the point ;) double meaning
The nats are introducing Steven Strausburg today, and con grats to Mike Rizzo for as the new GM, job well done!!
Dont you hate when the same nigga every year say the same shit and dont get it done
GirlPwr! : If u're a guy watching the Emmy's & tweeting after every win we can't be friends any longer. Sorry.
Follow Friday: (to help her get to 300), (so he can persuade Feldman to get on), (For being great).
New TDOMB v. old TDOMB? What do you guys think?
confidence of course <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Not going to the Weeknd because I want to stay convinced that band only exists on the internet.
too busy to tweet. EEk.
"follow me follow me TWEET TWEET" #AlexandRobertTweetTweet !!
Procter &amp; Gamble Profit Down, Trims 2012 Outlook
Pretty close to getting big 44% sale going. Need 4,444 likes on fbook and 44 of 50 states repped on Republic of Wiskullsin map.
No requirement for the stickers! Please specify how many you'd like, otherwise Honicide will use their own discretion depending on address.
My knees hurt kinda i was jumping on a trampoline with my friend for like an hour and a half but im ok :-)
Agreed. This won my "funniest shit of the year" award!
Aha Jonas Brothers fanas mad. Cause there poor little jonases didnt win
Simon Thunder Music is not about, Where you are at, but the direction you are going! Katy Perry will be sued for Copyright Infringement!
I'll be there Friday night for Game 1. It'll be nice to have playoff hockey in South Florida again.
your welcome cutie<3 now cheer up!(:
I need some water so bad!
"I love this wall. It really separates the room.". Philosophy, HGTV style.
any Tears for Fears album
Proof that people like opportunities to be clever more than they like it when you're clever.
I get about as many flats as one CAN get in a year.
The few glimpses I've seen look really clean & the underlying idea could produce some interesting behavioral changes.
yeah, just got my new book in the mail: The New Global Student by Maya Frost! Can't wait to read it!
yep yep! she really is blessed to have a parent like that acts like her personal teddy bear too :)))
or marry Jews-by-choice, Sephardim, Mizrahim...but yeah... your way works too...
How about Kansas City City?
Every joke can have its truth but now the jokes on you
interviews the few remaining people at LGA
your so welcome :) seriously though...like your icon is one of my favs on twitter.
Name of da game is cops and robbers I'm da robber u r da cop
Time to turn on work mode...
coach, my woman just said the same damn thing, hahaha! So true!
Can't wait for this to become available in the states!!
Unless Brittany Pierce Graduates, I don't think I'm gonna be able to watch anymore. Because Brittana. :'(
“: Steve Blake look like he been on to catch a predator.....bag of gummy worms and a 6 pack in his hands”
Theres only 17 bands so far but, BLESSTHEFALL & SLEEPINGWITHSIRENS are going !:D & the rest are on my profile. Ill dm them to u
WHY IS THE DUDE FROM PLAIN WHITE TS ON A DATING SHOW.
North Lake College in Irving, TX
yayyyy! <U+E415> so you only have a senior prom?
imma hit u up around 9 30 ish. niggas can do all that shit, two k, cipher, smoke, the usual.
Haha yes but noone knows what a Shadowhunter is, and I figured ninja was close enough.
On my way to queens center mall to pick up my new eyeglasses, and possibly buy me some new workout clothes (y)
Damn Lifes crazy, RIP Junior Seau...
I love teddy bears my bf got me one 4 no reson I luv him so much!
How many letters in the Alphabet? 19, cuz ET went home on a UFO and the FBI went after him.
evidently this was the 1st time the westin needed >1 wifi connection/user. else the #sllconf tweets would've been substantially higher.
I guess i'll finish the story i'm writing lol.
Congrats to for finding the Union Bar & Grille gift card!!!!
75% of employees who use a computer will suffer an eye or vision problem. remember to rest your eyes at work!
I get your point, we're better friends than lovers.
I saw the movie, it was quite intriguing. I liked it.(:
love the profile picture! He's my favorite in big bang!
“That awkward moment when your kindess is mistaken with flirting.”
- #Highlighter is already out! It's available for digital download at www.pl70.net/highlighter
listening to online radio and cleaning.
Everybody needs to Get Pumped! Lots of Love <3
And let's not forget he called her a prostitute as well. Is that accurate? He also wanted her to videotape it.
6 more days until our #RaiseDough event at #Oreganos ... are you excited yet?
There's not one day that goes by without thinking about how great things used to be with us.. <\3
10 months of the worst customer service ever. I will never use or recommend Time Warner Cable again! Corporate Bullies I say WTF!
all i wanna see is skinn ;
Send some down to please!
Has anyone ever heard of beer salt? It takes away the rate of beer. Why not just do what I do?
Foster the Huge Mouth
Still thinking about the sloppy tots from last night and hot chocolate was the cherry to top off our night, good lookin out
What's Thursday? Do you have secret Mavs info ? ;~}
Just finished The Fury and BPRD Monsters in one sitting. Boy, when you go for broke, you go for BROKE.
Delta sucks!!!
RT " #Scorpio's adapt easily."<confuses people. Jst remember this doesnt mean we like it; just the right incentive
It's seems like babies are always on their periods..
Thank you for following us
Spring is in the air, time to spring clean my FB friends!
Looking forward to coming down to to play some Reggae/Soul
I can get jumped by a hunnid niggas before I back down from anybody...
My allergies though <<<
Yeah to for taking a stand against intolerance.
....could ya get any closer, or did envy keep you away?
Rich and Margaret bring sweet cider and honey, melons, squash, beets and so much more. Find them at Grunt N Gobble in the back!
yes ive experienced how u pick up anythiing within a few feet and use it during combat! flying dragon lock and a sock typeshit
go to the brew city store and make them give you a t-shirt!
You know who I missed talking to this weekend? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Nothing wrong with being on time.
Financing, leases and build out #openrestdc w/ Nizam from
Just went to town on three old shirts of mine. Now I have three new shirts. :D
who has a hottub? #anyone?
yess! And two if you have them but if not that's cool I deff need one
nah I'm good but thanks
Good morning everyone. Make a great day!Quote: Encouragement is oxygen to the soul ~George Matthew Adams
I miss you more! 10 more days til i see you :)
Maybe we could all learn Santa’s beautiful lesson and maybe there would finally be peace on Earth and good will toward men.
Oomf tried out for Denby basketball team & didn't make the cut lol
Freelance graphic designer for print, web, and branding. Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Is there an on sale date for tickets yet? Also, the package deal would be awesome.
Happy Birthday! Hope you're having a great day! :) <3
I rarely check Twitter, so please contact me through email so I don't miss a message. Thanks. Web address is on this page.
- Maybe the current deal w/ Inge is that he plays this year, then retires as a Tiger. That's why he's actually playing.
Love forecasts - always so cheery & polite even when outlook is gloomy.
Does a T-Rex have an anterior cruciate ligament?
Did your Milwaukee tour stop get cancelled? I'm trying to tell a friend how to sign up and it isn't an option anymore!
"You hit us, we hit you." Nice. Stay classy, Cleveland.
I love it when people don't text back!!!!!!!!! -_-
Ok they have the touchless soap despenser, faucet, & hand dryer. If anybody tries to make my toilet paper touchless I loose it!
pretty good! hby?
We saw Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close last night and loved it. What did you guys think?
Thanks for the RT!
always love to hire badasses. But focused in SF. You think this person is willing to relocate?
Change to Muzak. It's easier to slow down RT : and I thought I was the only one that felt that way.
oh I don't doubt that its true but there are 2 sides to any situation. I want answers not hype
RT : Great line-up today at #NAPFA2012 w/ Austan Goolsbee, Andy Hill, Terry Savage, Christine Fahlund and more!
c-ya soon :) have fun at work :)
Can I get a hell yeah for #beer ?
i've been scheming/lurking. yep. i'll be at #tcamp12; apparently will be doing a session w/
Thank you!! Hope you've been doing well! RT You know who's great? follow immediately!
Absolutely agree! RT : overall planning, scheduling good. But leave room for spontaneity!
ask Owen how those supersonics look this year? Better to b a bucks fan then nothing at all.
"Did Khaled put you up to this?" ... "Yes!", "Imma get that muthafucka!"... "Bawse!"
the lyrics that is.. not the story behind it..
Vacation coming soon. Is it odd to say that I both dred & look fwd to it? ...well might go to watch C.A. tonight. I love Chris Evans ;D
thank you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> it's on Facebook now too(;
what steph? and tell sara to talk to me to
oh yeah
Just finished Oversight hearing in Charleston, SC. Proud to support NLRB due process and oppose labor intimidation.
Umm, so genuinely, how much was it, and did the type all seem complete?
i want some plzzz
r u having boy trouble????
Game 7 is on my mind
do we educators do comprehension cks enough when teaching new lesson? ask students to say back what's presented multiple times
Can you please follow me? :DD
MB is MB, whether it's in Cairo, Damascus, Gaza, Kabul or Wash, DC. And I guess those riots in Egypt are peaceful, huh?
He didn't! But I didn't even MIND there was so much else to love!
What's the L.I Small Farm Summit? It's an on-going effort to cultivate active community support of sustainable local agriculture.
What's your favorite kind of gum? I need to switch it up.
i remember you :) pls tell me how goes it, how's life been treating you and what's new in your world ...
ew why? I hate living here
I'm that FC alumni who chooses to stay far away from reliving the good ol days, but is still proud to be a buccaneer!
yayayayay(: ! and tel her hay <3
Guess who's back ?:)
Yay!!! RT : One upset down, one to go.
i got you, this your mixtape?
I liked the 2nd of the two vids better. Very cute and clever. I knew there was a "twist," but guessed a diff outcome.
I need new clothes very badly. *Yells for mom* "lets go shopping! :D" I wonder if she would. I'm tired of buying all my clothes. -_-
Everytime a republican mentions jobs, I worry about my uterus.
Did a fresh install of the iPad app and its working like a charm!
They don't. Hope u succeed but pray when you on top to fall from the leaves.
She said.... "We are a middle class suburban white family! We will not cause a scene while we have company you bitch!" Haha
Good morning. You’re not supposed to have caffeine for 24 hours after donating blood. I have 4 hours to go. I caved. COFFEE!!!
Just got home from QT Jerri :)
Here in NY, it's accepted like 99% of the places I've ever been to, I don't know about the rest of the country though.
just killed a goat
sign me aftermath records side wayz
Swap your regular lettuce w/ spinach & you'll get more iron, vitamin K, potassium, carotenoids, & many more nutrients.
Oh my, I miss that boy.
Heh. Which book inspired this announcement?
Is watching Glee... Can't wait for the prom !!!!
Went to OnDemand, hit Music, was browsing through them & found The Fray and am now watching all The Fray music vids they have. Yup yup. Haha
gettin ready for the funk
short staffed today....designing pieces for Notre Dame sports package...
I'm Going Backstage & I Get Things Signed & Stuff So I'm A Make Something & Have Them Sign It For The MB Fans
otayyy you're welcome!!!! :D
I will keep dreaming until I get old!<U+E413>
Happy New Year ya'll!!
Hello Tweeters!!!
On a morbid note, I learned a lot about embalming today...
#OnceUponATime I am so in love with The Hatter/Jefferson. Glad to see him again. Even if he is helping that beyotch.
well his """girlfriend""" at one of the nyc shows was laughing at fans and line and like he did nothing like omg
Severe thunderstorm Warning for Pope and Stearns Counties until 4:45pm. Heading through Glenwood right now.
I hadn't thought of Holden Caulfield, but there is a similarity. Not that I think I write as well as Salinger or any great.
Coyotes power play! Let's get this done.
Love telling these two cousins my life stories!!! :)
awesome! When is a good time to come over & pick it up?
Our markets offer discounts for high value autos.
I have never been more in love with what I do everyday than right now. So much inspiration!
Why can't I sleep?
Now that Austin's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
I couldn’t make any sense out of the plot.
Dear ladies don't put you interested in men and say your married to Suzan biglipz and not expect boys to ask for a three some
Sorry it's been a while.
“: people so easily influenced smh. Crazy.”
God never said living for Him would be easy but if u ask Him to make you "in his image" make sure you are ready for it.
She crying, she say she sleeping with the devil cause they always fight.
I'm kinda impatient they haven't announce nothing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Performing an acoustic show THIS SATURDAY at Copper Coin Coffee in Woodstock, GA at 8PM! Free show! First show of 2012..be there!
really need to start restocking food under my bed
That was fast!
If Yeezy 2's drop on June 9th, someone Better be buying them for me as a birthday gift! Not a bad birthday shoe....
Whatever size you like. :)
Welcome our historical friends to this newfangled technology...follow for more old-timey fun! Villages east and westside..unite!
Man it was just a song
I forgot my towel.
Got my two wisdom teeth out today luckily I didn't have four. In recovering mode now!
A staple food here ,bone marrow, toast, parsley, capers and shallots
is attending the Consulting Magazine Executive Roundtable in Chicago on May 5th.
Happy Birthday! Don't do anything that wouldn't do...
good day!
yes that would be interesting to see if there is any overlap in the problem space. Will get to email you.
you're crushing it! Are you down at #SXSW? We're out here eating tons, and exercising tons!
Hi my name is parrisha and wanted to know how to make an appointment with you
time to call on Erin Brochovich!
But I'll keep dreaming
So tired :/
When your sick and about to leave school but some idiot decides to rob walmart and you have to wait until the lock down is over. <
Oh! Even better than the Cinerama.
I'm watching the playoffs and craving more thunder games.
This Blood that but one drop of has the power to win All the world forgiveness of its world of sin.
the 1st father's day with out my dad . i miss him
Rep. Gutierrez is fired up! thank you for your work advocating with our friends in South Carolina
Allen Craig is #CRUSHINGIT for the Cardinals this season.
so party this weekend then?
RT : RT : Digitsing a historic Koran - great blog from John Rylands Library Manchester project see how its done!...
It's so hot outside !!!
that was very sweet. Needed that, thank you!
Retweet this Tweet and be entered to win your first hour free on the Happy Holidays!
Smells Like Taine Spirit
Just dropped off extra box lunches at the healing place.
RT "Stay up late. Strange things happen when you've gone too far, been up too long, worked too hard, " ~ Bruce Mau (+ me)
Sounds fun. Even better getting to use new tools for such extended coverage. BTW, put up a poll!
In the Meet the Zend developers session at Zendcon... more fun than I was expecting.
Whitney Houston is singing I Wanna Dance With Somebody for the Soul Train Line.
lol yes this is true lol
You must be at a bar in Madison hey!
#MardiGras whoo! Celebrating with hint o lime chips. Yep i party.
I'm nervous to go to college
Visited the wedding venue tonight for this Saturday, so excited!
Wow i really don't feel good this morning O.o
why, of course! y'all will be at the top of my postcard list, i'm sure. *leaves to go glue little teacups to her umbrella. :)
Man capris...just say no!
I'm still waiting for mine!
Sadness. At least Ghana won fair and square, no questionable calls to argue about. Great effort on both sides.... Viva Mexico?
HP7 Is 9 hours for you psychos seeing it at midnight and 28 hours for us normal folk seeing it tomorrow night.
the dwarf who?
Fortune favors the bold.
lmao I had to tweet it again with "not racist" in it
" im so tired of the same shyt ; just a different day"
If Ain't Nobody Gne Ride Big Brother Gt My Bac
had the most amazing birthday-halloween weekend, ending with dinner at Thanks to everyone who made it great.
Jacob gets his food patch stickers removed today- then we meet w/ allergist tomorrow!~ #EoE Very curious abt results!
Hey now, purple ALWAYS works! RT there's also five Aussies at the university of Portland... Purple doesnt work
good morning, have a good day (:
Apparently I only take pics of dogs and booze. Apparently.
Woke up feeling amazing, thank you lord for another
it worked great!!! Thanks :)
Well, his is an opinion I trust, so that's good news.
i would love to watch that movie with you anytime and day
excellent soundtrack, hope you made it back safely.
it's good! finishing up school, trying not to die during finals week. How about yourself?
Akron was great! Back to Wheeling WV for a two day performance July 23 & 24. Hope to see you there! www.allegrodancecompany.net
Merry Christmas, fellow felons. One more holiday before we can breathe easy and begin resolutions. What will yours be?
excellent place to hold casting calls! I will definitely be there!
No matter how much I love my home teams, I don't like the tv commentators to say "us" and "we". Doesn't seem right.
Pinterest put me on their waiting list?! They have a waiting list? Don't understand.
hahahaha. fair use
longest wait EVER. And if course it's on a cold rainy morning when I need to get to union station... Still waiting...
Dave vanhoose just split a full glass of ice water on me.
Going to the doctor. Hope everything turns out okay.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought. - Basho
I hope something didn't happen.. Or.. Isn't going to happen. Because I'm stressed
school work :/
I do love the elegant dance of continual response and improvement.
Happy Birthday!! You are one talented guy!! I'm obsessed with your music :)
Grr stupid ho wont move right next to me...she's sitting on my seat belt!!
So if I'm filling in 4 , does that make me "sloppy seconds?"
Is it? I don't see it there.
": I know God won't give me anything I can't handle. I just wish He didn't #trust me so much. #MotherTeresa".
I gotta go impellizzeris and wicks.
Loved that it was where #Justified was filmed! ": Heading to the courthouse with to get our marriage license!"
You live a good life!
Jessy's Guide for Hicks. I live just off Mich Ave and found it to be spot on! :)
Re: Siri. Corpora of voice data. Human-machine-human translations within and across languages at even the level of speech?
life's too short is comedy gold. Warwick is a genius regardless of his size or appearance. His acting was amazing.
Morning network
Rain, you're buzz-killing my plans to ride to
im not gonna hit you . your just being a pussy .
RT Locals - enter our FRIDAY GIVEAWAY! #FF to enter to win tix for tomorrow night's show! Use #ChippendalesTix!
- Boy this is a bad game
I wish they buried her here so I could visit her
Going 2 bed now! :) so tired and lumped out! :/ G'nitee! :D
You got my email last Friday, yes?
Steve Stricker drops to #6 overall in World Rankings with +7 performance at Masters, now 3rd highest ranked American
Final #FF of the day to and all the #globaled awesomeness Down Under.
Psst, are y'all ready to find out who will be joining Ronnie Dunn at PB? Artist announcement to happen in very near future!
i did something special!!! :))))) someone appreciated it!
my poor baby.
Fueled up and ready to go! It's gym time !
I'm always there for everyone, when they need me. But when I need someone, there's no one stand by my side.
In New Jersey! This is going to be a fanfriggintastic week!
ready to see you play now sir. your going to beast this year big man!
turns on #smoothbeats.com Oh yea, that's how to work. Slowly working the dial to the
#GOP budget costs 4 mill. jobs over next 2 yrs, ends Medicare guarantee & gives tax breaks to only wealthiest Americans. Enough said.
I know going from no car payments to having one sucks. It is a new car, but just remember a car isn't a good financial investment.
Thanks to , I'm #reading Unbreak My Heart by fellow Vassar alumna (I love finding out authors went to Vassar!)
A special thank you to the 2012 #SoMeAwards Planning Committee: , , , ,
there was a recent case in Brazil I believe they were making & selling pastries made from humans.
A true stock market player should know the short side and the art of the hedge. This market has topped. .
Sorry I take forever replying to ppl who tweet me, retweet my tweets, mention me but I really appreciate all my followers for their support
She bad she bad bad bad
Yeah I knew a tuba guy like that... He turned out to be one of my best friends! lol
Esquith: Promise Neighborhoods is another initiative designed to combat children's exposure to violence.
: "Our God does not just speak with words, he also acts." Diane Langberg on 'trauma as a place of service
really? good for you. I've been applying to A LOT of non-design ones
I think in terms of looking for examples regarding the materialization of our thoughts and commentary regarding these issues.
music,videos,etc
hey ron! my friend introduced me to your music and i've been listening non stop for the last few days! amazing!
I think I'm gettin sick - I'm feelin illegal.
Want to see what we're up do when we aren't doing stuff for HC? Follow us on #instagram: halfcutco
bet he pulled hoes
Contemplating who I would like to dance with if I could go on dancing with the stars. Derrick Hough, he could be my partner!
i'll take you out to golden corral cuz u deserve iht.
My brother is in jail :(
Yea, he spoke for 15 seconds!
I did not pay 40 dollars for this weave to get wet! (-___-)
sleep tight hope you have an ace kip! (Awesome nap) :p
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Btw, if you are a #DowntonAbbey fan you may wanna #Netflix "Coupling." GREAT Brit ensemble comedy from a decade ago. Better than #Friends!
so are you still running for aldermen?
we cant stop the violence unless u fakers stop the hatein
2012 Minnesota Vikings Schedule Features Close Match-Ups
lick my lips honey boo boo child. It got chicken tetrazzini all over it !
I am workin photos and will post some new stuff soon!!!
Made it to day 2!
um that was freaking creepy. what the hell?!
Morgan Robertson wrote a book 14 years prior to the Titanic about a fictional boat, The Titan, hitting an iceberg on an April night.
Still running on caffeine.
there appearantly is..
Trying to figure out if I "hit my wall" or if it hit me!
<U+2665><U+2665>My day just got SO much better :-)<U+2665><U+2665>
Quoting again(:
jared sullinger going to have a tough matchup with either tyler zeller or thomas robinson.
I do dug that entire run with him & ra do awesome
- Thanks for supporting ! Tell your friends to tune into We NEED 104 Dream Makers by 7PM!
mine too!!
I feel sick rite now...
It's a jungle outside my bedroom window. Just heard a cat meet something out did not like.
Yeah, everyone that doesn't live in a place where biking is a mode of transpo. Also why it is hard to get fed. bike/ped funding.
took a nap while listening to big time rush not gonna lie that was the best nap ever
Love this!!
“: great win? yall shoulda blew us out at fagbo field. Ur lucky don't stop ur face”. RT. U R AN IDIOT!
We do residencial shredding so call us next time that small shredder burns out... (832)545-3949
See this is so interesting. So much vocab floating around to pin down this thing right now.
What town?
Hello Fascination
I miss taila and Lexie and them =\
Must be rough. Enjoy and think of us!
Very good news for businesses
lol i bet
It's truly an amazing phenomenon! I can look in the fridge for something for 10 min. and wife will find in 2 sec.!
Yea i just did #Crazy did u?
People need to understand I work at fedex now so I sleep a lot!
Cookout with the family today :)
I CANT WAIT FOR "THE GAME" TO COME ON 2NIGHT!!! #ANXIOUS !!
Just saw on Comedy Central for the first time. She is F$&king Hilarious! Check her act out as soon as you can. Xo Maya
Learning abt Bowerbird, which carefully arranges fruit, feathers, etc. in courtship ritual. The fowl version of Baldessari app.
I dont deal with your kind . Sorry Hun but your washed up.
i am sleeping
One month from today, I'll be in GEORGIA! Real sweet tea, fried okra, walking barefoot, southern hospitality, and higher speed limits! Ahh!!
Hope you like it.
I love your tweets tonight. Hahaha
He should enter our cover contest!!
We have #FiftyShadesofGrey in our collection, and currently, there are 136 holds on our 16 copies.
Hell! Yeah! Now go to bed!
Mllennials have nostalgia for times they never knew, says Kate of . We call it "faux-stalgia"
Q&A with Taylor Hanson of Hanson, part 2
RT R.I.P. WINSTON
Lol for the Knicks to win the series d wade and Lebron would have to run into each other and chris bosh trip over them..
got some fire coming ya way
headlines .com! season is here!
The WOAI commercials airing during the #GoldenGlobes are cringe-inducing.
you just made me look really stupid
lightening up our household for the move.
Hi I am lyndsey, adult service librarian in vt Q2 I don't ever really use G+, mostly because none of my friends are on it
Portland Plan heads 2 City Council 2morrow nite 4 a hearing. Lots of testimony from partners & community. 6 pm, City Hall.
"Ah, yes. Taxes." - Me, Sunday afternoon.
Gah my stomach..
i cant cuz i have a swim meet! Im not een gonna be at school!!
was embarrased to be the guy in Portland carrying a box of soymilk down the street.
lots of yummy morsels there. Thx Marci!
Anyone know if is playing tonight?
Ima have to come show you what to do with it
Can you guys get together on Thursday instead??
POTUS, FLOTUS and now FDOTUS: First dog of the United States. Good one.
My neighbors are swimming in their pool right now. Ugh lucky bastards.
Too late.
thank you for the mention!
Beginning #gaming & #pedagogy workshop: Teaching (with) Video Games with and Terry Schenold
also, through tax loopholes corps are paying less taxes then they have in over 50 years.
Just my luck to get sick right before prom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
When people criticize you, be sure to ignore it. What they think of you is really none of your business, that's their issue lol. (dc)
how ur nose holding up? Lol
sleep. have to practice during the week.
congrats on 10 years.
Thanks for the RT, Denise! Glad u enjoyed the study.
you know you're better than this..
Awaiting the arrival of and crew. Love when my clients come to visit me in Chicago! Sold out show at the Hideout tomorrow!
is a BEAST!!!
"To the love, I left my conscience Pressed between the pages of the Bible in the drawer. 'What did it ever do for me?' I say."
Two new clients in the last three weeks. That's my kind of news!
HAVE U BEEN TRUE TO URSELF LATELY
Just watched 24/7 during the Devils intermission for the first time. This fight is gonna be epic, calling it here
#Favoritethingtotweetabout My dad's ratchet ass!
Katy Neal now in the circle for Farish Beard. WKU still up 2-0 in the bottom of the fifth, no outs with a runner at first.
my hair got sprayed green :(
great minds think alike! Or God is a Twitter slut. Maybe both. Hahaha ;) See you Wednesday???
This just in... our 'pre-launch' sale will be Fall graphics and fonts - ideal for your fall sale! We will have limited quantities.
I have a page of my paper done. yay. Time for work meeting and more paper writing.
Thanks! Wish you and could come out for it. Next time!
what's up
hello to me. you rool.
Do you like public speaking? Do you want to fight Alzheimer's? Volunteer on our Speakers Bureau! DM us for details!
TONIGHT KICK OFF THE 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND JAY Z AFTERPARTY W/ 50CENT CORONAS AND WELLS ITS GONNA B NUTZ
Joe' feel better soon!! Thx 4 fwding my email to Angie! :) Hope we can set something up for the Latin American audience! xo
kmsl YOU GONE GET TOUCHED
I was pretty firmly on the fighter pilot track at his age but punk rock nonconformity cured me of it later.
that's not a bad thing shug
And sharp puts one in for the hawks
making pickles
: why is it that the porn star come on the show saying the dumbest stuff, great job bringing the blackmailing to light with her!
So that AP World test...
And I still don't know who Jason Aldean is
Fuck watchin sports ... That shit lame and time consuming ... All u do is sit on yo ass and eat ... Time wats for no man
that's what K-Mart is for!
Most people believe that selling dangerous drugs next to bubble gum and candy bars is a bad idea. Do we need to tell you why?
*Super moon* covered by super fog bank in metro Boston right now. Better chance 2mrw night!
yum. Redneck Sexy.
Boldin getting the start. Should be an interesting afternoon.
Pissed me the off up? Lol no.. I cant even type right
why are only two peas in a pod #explaination please
Brunch was great! Can't wait to go back. When are we gonna start seeing you on ?
Is there anyone in baseball hitting the ball better than 37 year old Derek Jeter right now? Anyone?
here is an interesting idea: What if one could text 911 for help?
if I won $10 Million playing freelotto.com, I would
Kobe pulled a Houdini today
I need my tonail to be smaller.
METTA COME OVER AND PLAY SOME MONOPOLY W. MY BUDDIES THIS WEEKEND.
+1"The most radical and transformative of inventions are... those that empower others to unleash their creativity - to pursue their dreams."
well I hope you feel better! You're awesome :)
u should have shared !!
How about a Fastball Flakes eating contest?
Dear , I'll be thinking about you worldwide. (:
#LNYHBT got my ticket to ride the express is great even though we are all disrupting his sleeping habits.
Irving Falu played in the minors for 10 years, is finally called up and his first big league hit is a triple. Never. Stop. Trying.
haha I just wanted to use the icon! I bet you look amazing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082>
has anyone used punchbowl? is it like evite or eventbrite?
thanks for helping a fella out. Mikey, you've been warned
Having pizza for dinner!! You jelly??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT : TODAYS TWITTER SPECIAL: FREE Small Cheese Pizza w/ ANY other purchase (even a drink) :) Just mention this (via )
Ahh my phone is blowing up with tweets he is replying and RTing people I better get on twitter! <3
What did mindless behavior win..?
well that's a photo worth saving!
my little cousin told me he's a dinosaur and bashed his head off my headboard then got mad and punched me cause i laughed....LMFAO he's cute
#Madmen pulling out the Crystals
Hahaha I wish you good luck then :)
Sherry at the front desk at #HomewoodSuites in Rancho Cucamonga is today's Super Star! Really came through today with help!!!
It's finna happen! That boi some serious!
hey! how's things? xo
RT : We will be at Das Oktoberfest Saturday w/ info on our next event to benefit the less fortunate in MKE. See you there!...
FWD: I love the fact that all the pictures you posted on my wall are on your tumblr. Oh you & your love for Austin carlile. <3
Lakers still big and heavy..you can't count out their big 3
— Damn. That Muybridge "scroll to 'play'" transition is the jam. Nice work.
Got 3 DM's this week- said people were saying bad things about me. I prefer the "good Catholic boys are trying to find you" trick instead.
Times like this i wish i had a friend to talk to
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
Hahahahaha. Love it.
Just made a donation to Proud to support a nonprofit and GREAT radio station!
Me too!`
thanks hon! I hope so!
well I mean you could come to chicago... we are worth the trip.
<3 U must leave the city of ur comfort & go into the wilderness of ur intuition. What u'll discover will b wonderful-urself.
Looking forward to all of your posts. You give me hope for my ragged, sad, fenced back patio:-)
lemme brush that weave doe
thank you!!
the Mitt has a whole lot of ??? To answer...BuffetRule, Health Care......
Why you harshin my buzz, brah?! RT : The benefit of 4/20 is I have a perfect view of all the super neat stoners to unfollow.
I can't see it RT : If Davis makes the Olympic team and wins a gold medal, could his sports year be any better?
Can anyone turn a pair of Deadstock Fire Red 3s into the Grape 5 colorway?
Great hanging out with my favorite banker, Thanks Carrie and
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview. The post was substantive response to issue.
Are you willing to do what others won't do? If so, you will succeed!
300th FB Fan gets FREE HCG!! www.facebook.com/LVHCG We'll also do drawing for a random FREE bottle for existing FB Fans
lalala ben editing since i got home...okokok, still editingg(;
We would love to work something out with you to provide pizza's for our Holiday Gala on December 23rd at Turner Ballroom!
What I like to see from my marketing efforts is some sort of reaction from the market in the form of phone call/email inquiries.
I wish I could say it was my last day!! #SemesterExams Monday & Tuesday.
Hosting an event at Pearl tonight 6pm for Warner Bro and Southern Word.
My daily penny stock picks cause insane gains for active traders!
CCleaner for Mac comes out of beta, fixes bugs
yes time to get it. Imma start growing my own trees to it will be a grey year
Elizabeth Lawrence, director/producer of "Roll Out, Cowboy" just rolled into town! Enjoy your stay!
i will never find SOMEONE LIKE YOU again<3
Winter, spring, summer or fall.all you gotta do is call #<3
hey cutie
looks so amazing! I am so proud of you girl! Your dedication and devotion makes me want to get on board.
you tell him to pay for the Acela train and then you might consider it ;)
Goodbye hair. Hello mohawk.
sitting in a corner at a party.
#WhatBrowardNiggasSay i left da whip @ my momma house
Enjoyed being in SL for the first time (on my own) in years! It's gotten to be much easier to be dressed in there #muemtech (9)
I love the smell of coconut shampoo
So um yeahh me & is hittin this party up tonight! Gone be some memories tonight
hey gaz.. How r u
If Capcom doesn't fix the Rolento Game Breaking Bug before CEO I would seriously consider banning Rolento. No other fix IMO.
Have you heard the news? is now be sure to follow us!!!
I think we can win 2nite
why do you guys have the same tweet?
Wen I'm low he bring me high
We cool Jemi. Just catch me up when you get a chance. :)
Living in Fla the shuttle has become almost commonplace to us. Definitely cool to see in person still today though.
Ambition is nothing to be proud of.
House adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until March 19.
You need to helicopter in! Traffic is beneath you, you're a diva legend!
hm...I think Cary will have had enough of me! She deserves a long summer vacation!!
Who needs a heart wen a heart can b broken
<U+2714> Food <U+2714> Bed <U+2714> Music <U+2714> Twitter <U+2714> Cellphone = Perfect day»»
Jamming to No doubt while I go through my notes!! (:
Also, if actors and VFX artists keep fighting over the performance capture issue, the producers will continue to beat us all.
I just don't understand why everyone can't live their lives exactly by my beliefs.
Where are you with all that snow? We didn't get a single snowflake in Arlington, and I feel hookwinked by the forecasters.
Lmfao RT Made it to my granny house......the most comfortable place for me to go and SHIT!!!
I need too be in somebdy pool
www.shopmayu.com has now added to our products so comment away!! tell us which #alpaca #fashion you have and love.
SW 3rd has been reopened to traffic after police ask protesters to move back into the park.
Necessary Losses: The Loves, Illusions, Dependences and Impossible Expectations we must all live up to in order to grow.
That moment when you can actually answer a question on the NICAR listserv and someone else beats you to it.
get that bike up on that roof lol..pushin that crown lol
Trying to get some Green Tea & Aloe Moisturizers done, also.
DOM! Nope, not back at The Smith. I'm working on another project that's keeping me busy. Are you back in NYC yet?
please follow bck
Watching the game with & at Olde Town in U Sq. Let's go #Yankees!!!
Tonight The all New Scenario Tv show w/ Host interviewing w/ on da turntables Public access channel18
The best part about Valentine's Day, as far as I'm concerned, is getting wasted and hoping you wake up somewhere in outer space.
He can't wait to meet auntie SDL too! #goodtimes RT : can't wait to see STW!
#Meetingofimportantpeople is making a new album!
Prince is the oldest then .... , PLEASE EXPLAIN THIS !
Busy day today
My friend is gonna be on the tonight show this evening. Watch, I might even stay up past my bedtime.
haha, awesome picture! :) I have so many needles cuz I keep losing sets and finding them after I bought a new pair already...
Hey Josh - good luck with everything. Are you in L.A. ?
Getting our spring '12 books ready to post on If you're a reviewer, look out for them soon!
": No one ever accomplished anything great by going to bed early." Weren't you telling me to go to bed the other night lol
#SAGawards So glad George didn't win. The Artist was a much better film! Magical.
Didn't do my German verb drills today. Was fartin' around on tumblr.
my immediate family is from 5 different races. Just interesting fact I never get to mention
Spoke to mom, told her I love her!!!!
Remember when we watched Scott Pilgrim and you said I reminded you of Knives, and I said "no way". Well, now, after all, I finally see it.
Mom and I made it to Fredricksburg at the same time.
I love, therefore I troll.
I want the codes! Am I too late?
Today was such a crazy day smh.
That had better be an April Fools Joke. :) RT : OMG! I GOT CHOSEN FOR THE INTERNSHIP!!!!!!!
thank u so r u
": The Bright Light Social Hour and Old 97s? Really liking the summer lineup. #bluesonthegreen" going to be great!
Oh #thunderstorms, how I've missed you.
i actually had a good day today!!! :-)
Tell me this is a sick joke. is Judas.
Got my homeboy "Never to late" on repeat.. IT GOES SO HARD! Keep doing ya thang fam!
Are you eating the right foods to fuel your body for practice and games? Make sure you are eating well balanced meals!
make money online
Dear Megabus asshole, its 1:30am. Is this really the time to get into a political debate about Japan with the women next to you?
This time Andrea blogged brutal and degrading
I was secretly hoping you meant sneak attack gunshot!
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice.
Thanks! :D
Thank you for the information!
Come on Vancouver!
Getting ready for my photo shoot now, new pix soon :)
Can't help but feel the Hunger Games series would've been a lot stronger if Collins had read a single book on prison populations.
Men with insecurities >>>>
is going to hell.
And my heart caves in when I look at you
Stuck at home with the bubble guts... shits nothing nice
10 thousand hours makes me an expert
Ladies and Gentlemen, I am on vacation for the next week! Except for Wednesday, when I have to work, but I'm not thinking about that now.
The more uncertainty I invite into my life, more unknown, the more room for possibility there will be. "Room for Error" is "Room for Growth"
thanks! Going to have to plan another trip to Indy.
I'm kidding, I'll stick around for the credits.
Although I don't personally know her, I'm so glad that Kotie is home.
I'm going to buy you a reds shirt and you have to wear it when we win the world series
please follow me your so funny on Chelsea Lately you crack me upp!
Want More Followers? add me and
Our Justice System fails thousands of #HumanTrafficking victims annually, yet no one seems to fight for change. Can you see a problem here?!
I'm happy to see visible progress in my friend's writing and storytelling. I gotta get there myself now.
Glad to see there is another Domer who likes the Cuse. Grew up there as a kid. Good win. Makes it easier to forget the ND game.
<U+E30A><U+E30A>what's your favorite song ??<U+E30A><U+E30A>
haha wtf.. Who was involved in the brawl?
Just saw The Graduate. WOW.
maybe for a week or two he'll be remembered for what he was...
#sjsharks looking very content to come back home with series tied 1-1 . This is
Good night everybody! Have a sweet dreams :)
#WorstSuperHero Handy Man
Every chance i get with her is a moment we will cherish 4-3-12(:
I'll DM you a pic but I want it to be surprising for everyone else. Hahaha!
Sunday night came so quick but we have a week FILLED with some new yoga classes and a splurge trip at
n trey songz concert VIP lounge
My family obviously did something bad/horrible to have our house surrounded with locusts
Classical Music!
Hmm. Was not planning on having a $100 Monday dinner. Perhaps we shouldn't have ordered three appetizers & multiple drinks. Still, worth it.
also, he is wearing #7. Serendipity?
damn right!
Babysitting and the kids are swimming and I'm just here, chillin in the sun. Wishing I brought a bathing suit.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
olololol i see everything you guys are saying,....
home..got u !
On lockdown for some BS
UW offense looks lost without the bigs to help collapse the zone. Too many outside shots.
Storm's Rollin' in...
I just got carded for purchasing Knocked Up' at Walmart.
Florence+The Machine is SOLDOUT has hard-to-find tix this #CommercialFree Hour! Listen to win!
Serious measures for a serious problem. I hate irresponsible pet owners!
Somewhere within, you’ve recognized a call to a greater life … God is calling you... are you listening?
A relationship is like a house. When a lightbulb burns out you don't go and buy a new house, you fix the lightbulb.
actually i don t twatch so yu need to shut yur little happy ass up. actually i never saidi did.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
Memorizing specific cases is how children learn arithmetic
hell na I be dying! That's the new trend for my Chicago people! Mf be with that. Shit look at you!
You're probably right lol
looks delicious!
hey cutie pie!
I miss arguing over who loved who more :p
So Hot in Houston Right Now!!!!!!
If you love somebody, set them free. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
vicodin rum & coke, magic pills in my coat,purple weave , purple smoke , pink champagne in my throat - Kreayshawn
Happy Birthday, ! Let's do this.
Your welcome! Thanks! I did!
#yee that's awesome guys :')
Heart to heart talk wiv myfwend
Oh, just sitting here singing oh my vageeeena to tune of My Maria because my best friend is coming today!
its never too late to join! Haha :)
yes it is Seiler....
Throw in a vague mysterious conspiracy and I think you've got it.
wait, is today the last day to buy them?
...anyway, now back to our regularly scheduled/swangin' programming.
Integrity isn't always measured by what you're doing when people are watching. Its also about what you do when folk aren't watching you.
Do u think about me
Courts interpret statutory laws. Case law results from judicial decisions. Common law is unwritten.
Honor his career but sadly he made the wrong decision today .
Retain a Social Media Manager for $1000 per month from Your Thoughts, LLC!
Guest posts on my blog are like taking off a girdle. They're not great on their own, but they seem awesome by comparison.
That's surprising. I love stylish chicks.
lol....They have been exposed at fakes...lol
Dr. Heath Morrison will be hosting a news conference this morning to address the upcoming budget and No Child Left Behind.
Those have to be cassettes. What's next up, a Betamax bookshelf?
i need an exercise program that I can....ya know, like actually do regularly
Let's go Celtics!
We voted no to "desktop" for that reason. May be time to reevaluate.
even if you've heard see jane rock ona recording or video you need to HEAR THEM LIVE!! come out to their next show!
Easter lilies not your thing? We have so much more! Like hydrangea, fuscia, hibiscus, azalea...
peace bro, much respect. Just peepd ur site, does clear label print books as well?
I did manage to throw in references to my having a PhD in the field, just to mess with some grader's head....
"don't you blow dry your hair?" auntie: "i don't want to do all that noise."
Struggling with home or business financial planning? We have QuickBooks Certified Professionals and Accountants ready to serve you!
Congratulations ... and, yes, it does sound difficult.
#BrianMcKnightsNextSongTitle "Buttsex Don't Hurt If It's Done With Love"
omg i have to message you something on fb kk
the knows all and sees all so don't try to fight it, oh and he sees you when you're sleeping
really which one?
Hahah, okay. It's gonna bring you much entertainment.
It was definitely worthy of a stage show in Vegas.
Dan! :) Do you watch americas got talent?
Oh my god SO CLOSE!!
Filming with a great crew in a short film for the 48 Hour Film Festival in MN.
Welcome to twitter love! xo
If relationship becomes painful, let it go & save yourself. Remember: you will be able to find new love but never another self.
would love to. I followed Kete for quite a while and was impressed. Are you in Austin or still in NZ?
FYI:: Rice Email & some other services are off-line. IT is continuing to work on the issues.
I would like to offer Charlei Sheen free security cameras for his house. www.4xem.com
What the fuck, people?
Who knows the customer better? sales or marketing? - says probably sales, but marketing interprets.
Knock, Knock! Who's there? Pooch! Pooch who? Pooch your arms around me, baby!
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
JaVale McGee is trending on twitter for something not idioticallystupidlyundeniablyjuvenile on the basketball court but for a good game.
I remember Labyrinth- classic :)
Rugby Fans, Drop in for a pint and watch the Rugby World Cup Final. First showing 11A.M.
was that your first tweet?
Feeling Ellen DeGeneres-esque today with my collared button-up under a sweater.
Can't wait!
good morning have a nice day
Thank you Tomo! you are too kind! I forgot to about the Vogue Japan issue too! ... looking for it today
Trying to get out of office by my 7pm (Fri) curfew. Got 2 deals and VC call at 5pm. Great stuff, but my wife scares me!
. -- .".. & a new spirit of well of getting passed all that"
Jersey shore!(:already seen it though(:...
Due to the overwhelming response from Cagestars Amateur Elite Series 1 we've moved the date to January 29th, 2011.
“This place won't be here tomorrow, so let's tear it down tonight.” - Billy Gibbons
Baseball season's coming! Know any coaches, dads or players who would like a better chance at winning the game? Follow me!
are you riding the trolley next Friday?
in a round about way we did. Hamilton for Volquez. Volquez for Latos.
Joe Morello (Dave Brubeck Quartet drummer) R.I.P.
TV. If your kids are entertained by two letters, imagine the fun they'll have with twenty-six. Open your child's imagination. Open a book.
no way!
Two maybes. Do you have pick up? I can make 2p work!
RT : RT : If you spend over a month to validate your business, you are doing something wrong
hey im just trying to help a niglet out, just be happy and dont say you are because your tweets say so
how far are you on Dead Island? I'm about 10% through it.
Fire the intern that made this terrible decision RT : The Fray? Really?!?!?
Armored Saints at Webster Hall NYC. Holy shit.
Wait, you mean 's 'Mail of Tears' isn't most clever play on words ever?
hahaha....I guess it IS all in perspective.
off on mike and mike last year and I'm crazy...well who be crazy now bitches! Lol I'm joking about the last part, but seriously
The Dictator (2012)
Who else is at #ladygaga?! So excited to see the opening!
Yeah, I meant to ask her about that last night but forgot. Wish we had a clip of it!
It's ok! who gives what anyone thinks!
Is there a word for the fear of dropping your keys through the gap and down an elevator shaft? (I know the word used when it happens)
Sign me up! RT You could play a phenomenal young Gandalf.
I'm going to see it Friday!!! Can't wait.
Thank you for a wonderful performance last night!
maisbaisgziba Why :( this week that is coming up u cant get it because were gunna see my dad
I'm a BCaBA currently studying SPED at Hunter College w/ focus on behavioral disorders.
give me the updates.
Happy birthday Chulo!! Hope you have many many more!! #HappyBirthdayPrinceton <333
Bout' to hit the golf course...
Opening for #healthcare #attorney exp w/generics & biotech clients on FDA regulatory issues. Location flexible
YOU ALWAYS LEAVIN POSITIVE COMMENTS
What, you is working right now??
Do men and women actively engage in sport together? How are gender differences portrayed?
#hofbrauhaus Newport is such a tease compared to the real thing
Anyone need headshots? Or a website?..... #webdesign #photography #freelance RT if u think you might know someone... Thanks :)
Should I start heading back to Louisville?
Getting ready for my art display at Harris Bank in Cary
The most dangerous strategy is to jump a chasm in two leaps.
Really....I missed it...you'll have to fill me in...
Yay! Thunder and lightning in the Central Valley. So rare!
Dear gully bitch on twitter who's poppin shit bout me cut the shit before shit gets turnt up ok good got good bitch
fuck that place <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
My eyes are killen me
Check out what's in theatres now: NEW MOVIES OCTOBER 2011
HAPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY B-day baby
Ah, so you now insist "cracker" isn't a racial slur again. Flip flop.
I'll be at tonight.
No ma'am.
when is the android app going to be ready?
oh well wait, did you want me to friday follow you? Is that why you're getting mad at me?
- Thanks for playing! Make sure you check back later to see the full story!
only the 3rd game! You have plenty of time.
Just bought my tix for #fuel Feb.4... Stoked. \m/
RT : I sat on my fancy toilet and it cracked. That is 2 more years of therapy. LOL gonna be one of those days ")
okay :) If I don't see you I may cry
lol see. All u did was laugh! Smh and my bday is in August!
good. I haven't seen you in forever! Come to youth sometime.
what it do playboy?
Thanks for the follow!
K Town you in there deep , nice pix :)
looking forward to a great day of painting with epic youth
If I am not going back to sleep I might as well get up.
difference between iphone app. and the registry.The answer is iphone fans will tell you everything on iphone is better.Period.
gotta haircut
Cinderella wishes she could go to the ball, Snow White wishes for her prince charming & Ariel wishes to be human. I wish I could meet 1D
I think my Favorite band to see live is :) Who is your favorite band to see live? -Nick
Very sad to say, No. I will miss seeing everyone a ton!! Maybe next year? How are you doing??
: tues night dinner is becoming a POTLUCK at KRAEMERICA. and i believe the more the merrier. 6-10pm
Looking forward to teaching "Math in Banking" to 3 classes of Algebra students at New Berlin West tomorrow. Hope the kids are kind to me...
Pour that shit up D
whatever you say davis.
Design tip of the Day: Do you know where you are saving your files? If you don't I sure won't. Don't just hit the save button!
#sxsw12 who wants a sweet Tee??
You, too. Thanks!
Spring Break is less than 2 weeks away! What better way to get ready than $5 tan before noon at Marquette Tanning and Laundry!
Shout out to for being my 100 follower!!!
curious if you thought this was worth it? Was reading others commenting about the long wait
RT George Clooney was arrested. It's been 15 years but they finally got the bastard responsible for 'Batman & Robin'.
Former UW-Whitewater assistant coach Dick Luther plans to serve as an assistant to Skip Noon at Wisconsin Lutheran in 2012-13.
Solo Pizza now serving NYC ICY! Drop in or order online at www.solopizzanyc.com
lol, no tease... Want me? Come get me
omg. marry me? xx i want to meet you soo bad?</3
Humbled by how rusty I am at actual programming. And how much people like have to teach me. Forgot how much I loved doing this.
Ahh i meant come
1st place is amazing!!!
I messed up & I just want to take it back.
Booking shoots in PHX!!!
The #Packers are 14-1. Enough of the end-of-the-world talk. For all the bitching, you would think they are 3-12
Just want to make sure sees this RT : The last time a Duke was murdered like that it started World War I
Derek Fisher went to OKC!
listening to you via ustream! hello to you coming from million miles away :)
I wasn't watching it until I saw your tweet about them being in SD. LOL!
Attention home stagers and real estate agents - know someone who needs furniture? Refer them to us and earn while your clients save big!!
i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!
Photoshoot for complete! I hope the spread looks FABULOUS.
Men: #Dryeye is prevalent & increases with age, hypertension, benign prostatic hyperplasia & antidepressant use. via
Got my 2.2 update on the Droid this morning. That's great, but when is Flash going to be available?
Free the mind
I got a good one. Tuesday boozeday.. Lol or has that alrdy been said?!
Plan to engage a loose confederation of digital agency leaders for the purpose of increasing our collective knowledge.
“: Just say something like, aren't kids great?...”>>>I asked, "So what have you been up to?" lol
Glad to hear you can make it! See yon on the 31st.
what do you think Ira newbie is doing these days?
RT : The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
shit is sad... I feel bad for these bitches!!
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Pretty sure their contract brewery is in Northern Minnesota.
Austin Mahone is one of the few guys who respects girls. I admire him so much.
yeah I hope so too one of the best games ive seen I a while
I hate carrots... But if wants me to eat them, then by george I will eat them!!
I LOVE U .TANKS FOR ALL <3 u and are incredible i support jelena 4 ever.....
I wonder if it was tougher to watch for the players or the fans. Ugh.
Dude! I have to go and you're taking forever to reply ;( Hey, you just made a twitter and this is CRAZY, but here's my account
I'm throwing them into a poll of candidates! I'll pick when the official first day of summer arrives. you'd know this if you'd
Happiness is a choice
I have a library of these originals. We should have an art fair.
Understanding back pain, Part 1: NetWellness - Plain Dealer
Very Happy Mothers's Day to you Bertice...I hope you are well and enjoy a special day!
let's make Greg Stanton the next Mayor of Phoenix. Vote your early ballot.
Goats smell like shit. At least call her a kitten. LOL JK
AND the Lebron Slander has Begun... I'm done. Damn haters I tell you
All stone has a personality -- it wants to look a certain way the mineral and chemical make-up of the stone determines that.
We might go to the town tonight...... Mabey
Had my first official Austin photo day. Scouted out some spots. We'll see what happens.
Has anyone ordered anything from adorama's website? How's their shipping?
ah how exciting!!!! We all need to do something SOON!
yeah let's def try to coordinate a #bike #ride before I leave or something. Hope I can keep up with you sir speedy! :-)
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger
so I hear you moved some bills down the road so it will look like we have a surplus for the election. Grandkids will pay?
49 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Life would be so much easier if I was 18 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Today's #vinyl buys: Hawaii, A Musical Memento of the Islands (London Records), The Waikikis: Greatest Hits from Hawaii Instrumentals (MCA)
I wish would stop adding to their menu... I am going to need another job to support my habit.
Woke up this morning to find out that my truck was broken into and all my stuff was stolen. Not a good way to start the day.
I wish valerie was a boy...id so date her ass
Glad to help get you through the shift :) RT : Jamming to some on Ustream at work...
I want to go to there. Curse you final week of school. RT Who's headed to Meadhall tonight?
super stoked for tonight at ! and can't forget I finally get to see !
I like that!
how's it hanging bro
A smile = A beautiful thing.
Need to learn more about the saturn return
If anyone wants me to make them a vector JusteLove State icon, @ reply me!
beautifull day!!!!..a beautifull Tuesday!!!!..have a great one!!!
Back in the states. Thank you Italy for an amazing trip.
Who's rockin Chambers tonight? None other than special guest (Oakland Faders)!
Yeah Friday & 3day weekend! We have some fun stuff to do this weekend. Shopping for new car, taste of Cincinnati, and trip to Jungle Jims.
She smelled fear on me. Lol 2 big 2 be that scary. RT": #OOMF WAS SCARED OF MY LIL DOG, LOL! TOO FUNNY..."
Lots of fun
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
#linkedin seems to go down a lot more than it used to. Wonder what is going on?
After helping and her husband move into their new house yesterday, back to the grindstone. @ work until 6
Did it immediately turn into gold?
I've been to much of a couch potato haha
New is off the crazy. Props due.
I Love Louis :3
Looking forward to working with you guys!!
Well said by J.Williams first NBA final w/o Kobe, Shaq or Timmy since 1998
WTG provides $2515 per student, while WHEG gives just $916-2162 and runs out yearly
Does anyone know if Whitney Houston is performing at the Oscars tonight?
But I rather go to walmart to play in the store lol
Fuck cats, them creepy shits RT : ill kick u back RT RT I hate cats.. Don't feel bad if I kick yours.
haha like duh we are soo cool! like i wissh i had a cool reward or sumthinnnn lol =p
Get #VIP (bottle service in a private section all night) BOOK EARLY FOR BEST PRICING! Text 414.335.9569 for reservations :)
he's absolutely beautiful!! Very much looking forward to his future trip to the office:) Happy Thanksgiving!
Perlstein: Is Obama's &quot;religion of Secular Humanism&quot; this election's viral RW ... - AMERICAblog (blog)
Ever noticed, that if you look through 3D glasses backwards, the movie screen is green? C:
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be. it's even harder to picture, that you're not here next to me.
When my home is cluttered I know it's a reflection of my state of mind so it's important 4 me to keep it neat and organized.
working on my independent study today. Got like 20 more pages of that to go. Ugh! Sup with you?
too bad the angels in america opera is so bad...
Having to drive to class <<<<<<<
Team Stab Plus is our top fundraising Team so far having already raised $5,985. Thank you to all of our participants for their help!!!
How did those two end up working together?
Thanks, Cara! Very glad to be connected!
u ready?
Not only was I denied but a mole tells me they're cutting off the medieval line, calling a failed search, & switiching it to a DH job
Measure your life in love!
My tits >
S/O to my new follower. ^Follow him Dm me for my music
It's not who you know it's who you blow.
Just finished a solid workout with
changing my twins' nicknames from "Fei Xiaotong" and "Chewbacca" to "Cockroach Heaven" and "Underbed Storage".
I expect reception to stay the way it is now in NorVa.
RT Well I certainly look forward to tomorrow, cookies and corruption (me too, yum!)
Well, it's #orioles, so "realistic" is different for them from others. Duquette's on clock to make his mark.
Walking out to go get food, now I'm changing my tire, fun times
Just.not.right
right on bruh
oh, no. Next time!
Welcome! Enjoy your visit. :) RT : Touring university of Wisconsin-River Falls today! :)
Prof. Ulrich Hardt wins 2012 #OBA Walt Morey Young Readers Literary Legacy Award (h/t )
completed Legs and Back X!
hurry over we have like a hour and a half
may e they thought they won when the Recall moved forward? More space for the Garden Mkt in a few weeks!
way you doing man?
Getting ready for the ride to Quantico for the Run to Register 10k.
#Summerfest lineup is looking awesome, as usual. I can't wait for summer.
OMG That coffee mug has a green arm in it!
Tennessee is replacing Kentucky as the team getting owned on everyone's highlights.
I havent been here since forever.
With 3 blogs, 2 websites and a podcast, one has to keep at it for sure. Never dull. Gotten great tips from you!
you have some real pearls on your twitter feed, I have to say...
We're half way there to 200 followers to start our very first contest. Can you guys help us get there? :)
Oy. Brits blah blah blah Brits. :)
Headed to cedar point in the morning for the weekend... I am STILL up and has NOTHING ready!!! smh
saw 2 cars crash in a ditch or pothole.
Now I know how Jacoby feels when it comes to the 1560 broadcast. I can't get no reception.
we had to google it lol
It’s my last day in Green Bay. I’m sad it has to come to an end, but it’s been a splendid time! Stay tuned for photos of my adventures.
Night and God Bless! :)
I had the opportunity to play Bandon Preserve recently. It's stunning. Pre-review coming soon...
:( ugh drama makes me wanna go stuff my face In a pillow and scream!
"i think she hates me deep down, i know she does, she wants to erase me"
New Low for me - Its 1am, I've got 2 late projects, I'm out of caffeine and I'm eating jello w/ a giant salad fork.
:) LJE: We are faster for Java, Mr Blue...
Nissan to pull Infiniti production out of Japan to counter strong yen The high Japanese yen will prompt Nissan Motor Co. to shift product
Very true. I know how this goes with art stuff. "Here's 40 things I made for you." Crickets...
68: I don't think we've ever talked but you seem nice!(:
Paul Lemberg just did presentaton at Jeff Walkers' event on business building....excellent!
Watching in the Horizon League Tourney. Had two people ask me if I was her brother.
Just chillin at home again. When u work so much there really isn't any energy left at the end of the day
Well, I'm signed up for Rock n Sole. Bedtime.
If you're a global company, you should probably be using the metric system... Actually, use it even when you're local.
Bristol was named after the Connecticut suburb ESPN is located at. Ms. Palin always wanted to be an ESPN sports anchor.
Get me Novak in the game already,Jr need to get on the bench right now
I'm a slut, not a tease.
lazy sunday is a great day for sleeping..
Thanks for the rec; I'll request that book. Will share photos of coop progress (if we even go through with this chicken thing!).
When will realize that is 1000x better than ? 9 months, and still looking for a good morning show in Tampa!
8-0 run to get here...come on baby let's finish this! #OKC!
fast and short? Sounds about right ;)
My client was one of 17 offers on a house. Every seller should be so lucky!
Love to watch the donks fall....
A big FUCK YOU to the LA MTA for awarding the rail car contract to the Japs! It WOULD have been my biggest contract ever.
oh ok thanks again:)
Can you spell "ridiculous", boys and girls? A kid w/no education and a stage mom isn't going to get far.
VERY good night!
What gives someone the right to say mean things about someone else? Make someone's day don't break their day
When does that HMBWT tour start this year?
Didn't you get the memo, we are a Christian country. I myself was left off the memo list.
heeeyyyy! You likes that. Come on, you can't deny that.
a good reminder for a working mom of a 2-year old. Thanks! Love the saying "Be Here Now, Be Now Here,' very appropriate for today.
It's tough being us! Hope you're well need to catch up soon
too much hands, not enough head movement....I don't like a girl biting me either
tune in for top hits now
Just like Yoda said..."Do or Do Not, there is no try" ... ok back to ur regularly scheduled dosage of star wars douche baggery
thats wat i said lol. Put at top of ur list so in 3 years & u decide to sudenly read manga for a few days then stop, ull b ready
Does that mean people catch headlines on Twitter, or click through Twitter for news source? Dif. between "via" and "by" ;)
I in tight wit Sosa#Tony#
after all that you posted, I'm sad! I really was looking forward to Tron. It disappoints me that the new movie is that bad!
I suck at spelling
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Don't forget to call mom if you can! (Ahem please call your mother!)
Condeeleza Rice denied the possibility of running as a VP meaning Mitt Romney can't use the campaign slogan Mormon with a side of Rice
is there something/somebody turning your head upside down or are you in Asia?
Can't believe Shane is dead!
Coco already packed
That girl that you keep hurting , yet she still cares for you? Uh yea, I'm no longer that girl ..
Thanks to for pointing out it's actually 36 away from 31K. I apparently should put my glasses on. Sorry guys.
Re-reading The Hunger Games to prepare for the movie...STILL can't put it down.
So excited to be able to give out another scholarship this year! We'll announce this year's winner next week.
#MXpresidentialDebate. Interesting, each candidate seems to have their own sign language interpreter
Our paper conservators are relining a giant family tree today. Photos to follow.
so good seeing you at the hh tonight. Have a great weekend!
Dear Mr Horsewood Nay Nay Never want to see you again EVERYONE
Appreciate it, Coach! Miss yall! Hope to join you for some golf in a few months!
thanks for the #FF Cheers!
Hahaha! RT “: I want to start an all-girl band.”
oh okay. well we can just talk on here :)
With the right attitude, human beings can move mountains. W/ the wrong attitude, they can be crushed by the smallest grain of sand. ~J Rohn
how about drummers you a-hole!
We love hometown rock stars! You guys are great! thanks for having us over at today!
2 dwn 2 more to go ugh cnt wait for the day to end
Steve Bell: everyone on team is responsible for metrics. Empower everyone - not just the CMO.
thanks love :)
Swag Surfin is one of the WORST songs ever made, I swear!!! Uggg
I can be in my office by 1pm. Is that good for you?
Uh you piss me off!
I've followed my instinct, trusted my support network and taken a risk. This week is all about embracing #change!
Contact Danielle Statler, in Career Services, she has taken over the Web area
Watching #ExtremeRulesWrestling at Buffalo Wildwings in a few hours. Wheee!
I'm holding out for the smack off. Wheelz out!
Half of US College Grads Under- or Unemployed - The Mark
If you're a real girlfriend you get jealous...
Im in the mood for some skittles right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
My last retweet on point.
A5: grab attention now because they are new, will fade if they don't add value...which they don't.
watchin rise of the planet of the apes, text me niggaz hahaha
Name one athlete who succeeded at the highest level without a coach.... we all need a coach, mentor, leader in our work!
Saw Outside of Breaking Dawn set! They waved at us:) Awesome dayy!!!!!
Trojan 2 Go Her Pleasure............www.kandizone.com
K night.
he probably would have no problem blowing you away. Seems the type
The heat loseing this game
C u all then! RT Hey folks, looks like our time is up! Thank you. Our next #canningchat will be Tues 6/12!
I'm so excited about filming our finale scene tonight for "I Am... Gabriel" the movie!
We have a new server ready - vpn-vn5 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
Maybe San Francisco can pass a law defining marriage as between a man and a man, or between a woman and a woman.
North Carolina delivers a huge victory for homogeneous acceptance.
yes I did buy a house for when I'm in NY
cheering on the better team has nothing to do with !
happy New year to u... Life is great. : )
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
What a beautiful fall day in Wisconsin. #GOpackGO #Brewtober #beastmode --
do it!
in an attempt at preventing ALL (ahem, ) of my friends from becoming Cat Ladies, pls re-eval the "my first cat" tweet
wht up?! Oh an u know tht person who said someone was crushin on u.... well tht was me :-)
GL Man!
You're such a slut! It gets me aggravated <U+E416>
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
Helped a student research alter egos in hip-hop. Read a scholarly article about MF Doom.
I Been Outchea In These Streets & I Done Learned
Or even much tv criticism. I just mean I agree with your wanting to quit the weekly #Luck roundup.
I think that Jews and Arabs may live together. It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
used to steal your parents liquor and climb to the roof, talk about our future like we had a clue.
MADONNA. GIVE ME ALL YOUR LUVIN. Feat: nicki minaj;o) love this song. She sang it @ the super bowl;o)
If you got it flaunt it :)
Eggs Benedict galore at Lottie's Lounge today! Come in and get hollandazed!
Me too! This one was particularly scrappy and adorable.
11:11 i wish for to follow us<3
Some type of vaginal cream makes your hair grow faster if you put it on your head. Uh, no thanks.
you bet. Cool graphic. Friends don't let friends leap blindly into graphics...
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears. - Glenn Clark
Happy Birthday
Someone Rescue Deez Niggaz.... Seriously, Its Abouta Get Ugly...
Ace Ventura Pet Detective is on
My grandma just cancelled our plans because she got a better offer? Really?
Those moments when your not mad at anyone, just too stressed so you want to escape and be alone for a day.
The walls were covered with comic murals and they sold souvenirs. My father said they had the best burgers in the world.
Not fair, I plan on doing that in about 4 hours.
Harrisburg trip is in Oct. Let's meet for my Centralia PA trip July 7 or 8?
If you are a grown woman(my over 35 crowd)for heaven sakes you are a grown effing woman. Please think about the walk of shame for tomorrow.
Used to ride little buses. I didn't fux wit my teachers, they didn't fux me neither. 15, getting high off reefer.
Ask He no longer has toe nails on his big toes from losing them running and mt climbing.
to happy drunks!!! Haha
At least I don't have to worry about getting a car wash for the next week
I know the news industry. ;) What sounds better? Police told him to leave or he dashed off for a radio interview right after.
I fell in love with Crystal when I read that article, too!!
You read my mind.
Make it nasty make it nasty
I am what I am, and I ain't what I ain't.
Impressed with notification. Valuable, well-done.
u cant tweet anymore
sorry! And yeah for sure dude!
I wonder where that "Mission Accomplished" banner is. Someone should totally dig that out.
pens in 7
phew got that out. I'm just hungry and everything out here is closed :-/
so exited for the album release! You were great at #sxsw!
Very excited don't know about but maybe if you're lucky! x
"People fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer, guess that just the theory of man"....NAS
The first paragraph alone of 's book is enough to justify my buying it.
the #ShipsInTheNight video is amazing! And your wifey is so beautiful!
Even if it's slow or fast, it's still positive results and progression.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
"Good morning Baltimore! Every day's like an open door."
sign up a bit before 9 pm. Thanks!
if you had the power to change your life. . . would you?
Work hard to accomplish your DREAM, then give back to your family, friends, community and enemies. Be different and do whats unexpected!
I'll take it. Time for Hernandez to regress to the mean!
Kobe is going to take so many shots tomorrow night.
Is there a way you can take a pic of the Spurs poster given out at tonight's game?
Yes! : A3) Look for ways to present academic accomplishments in a way that shows your transferable skills #internpro”
I have so much left to say to you...
Who higher than a kite right now?
i completely forgot that good look!
If You mad Cuz Mayweather Won, Kill Yaself lmfao. just Congratulate And Keep It moving. If Not, Oh Well Lmfao
Good girls love a #badboy so S/O to
Boston teacher sharing his story. Says under attack even though they have the best test scores.
ONE WORD TUESDAY! Sum up your thoughts or how you're feeling with one word! Ready Set Go...
Settin standards in my City
Our installation team is so good at installing Vivotek IP Cameras. They remind me of the Maytag Repain Man.
You're welcome! Have a fabulous day yourself! :)
SOFT GOAL... Zannon was in the way. Hope this wakes the #Bruins up
Great lunch with girlfriends
I hope someday call me to be in the glee project , my number is 1149273559;)
We need to do a Shooks/PT/So Adult HMS showcase one of these days!
Estes Kefauver beat Truman in 52 in the NH Primary
The Suns are still great rivals in my mind, but its (and they are) not the same w/out Stoudemire. Miss the ol' shootout days, just a little
thanks guys!
I love heart to heart to talks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Looking forward to hear more. RT : Gearing up for mobile panel at #wommu featuring &
You nailed it.
is currently writing me a rap
are you aloud to sleepover tonight ?
Brandon Weedon is older than LeBron James, Aaron Rodgers, and Sidney Crosby.
When u r courting a nice girl an hour seems like a 2nd. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a 2nd seems like an hour. That's relativity.
adorbs as usual. :)
has a River City badge? How awesome is that?!
officially plays with dolls.
a resolution for 2012!
I total agree. So yummy
DAMN, YOU DID IT AGAIN...WELL DONE BASED GOD'S FATHER!
i thought it was amazing<U+2665> i cryed when i saw you! i was screaming so much! i wanted to meet you guys so BAD, but i didnt ):
: Did someone say 'brunch'?
Why are they playing the commercial from my work on TV again? #GrandmaIscoredmyfirstgoaltoday!
Any update on the Rice University students arrested for having guns on campus?
GOT TICKETS? 2 days away from some good ole music; The MANHATTANS live ! May 5th. GET TICKETS 412-431-0773. Groups welcomed!
i feel like a crazy person today! I have already emailed myself something instead of whoever it was suppose to go to
lol I am now :P
what happened to sophie 103.7?
We will be doing a special episode of Untorn.Net tonight. We are in Ottawa, I'm scheduled to speak at 8pm with a virtual small group after
today is like any other. Happy Others Day!
just wondering nigga
jarius, picture me and you at a dance club! Go go go go go go go go. All the girl screaming. Go jarius, go go. Go alfred, go go
SHUT UP! I know how feel, Gelare! It's really sad when they leave! :-(
n I love the hotel that ESPN Sports Science n put us up at!
Oaa winter term starts tomorrow, Monday, Nov. 28. See you there!
I just can't get on board with a team that doesn't have Josh Rupe in spring camp.
#iwastired #righttosnatch plus it was a really
Such a genius! But why are they trapped in that cage thing, in the first place? :(
#AskAlexConstancio Yankees or Boston Red Sox? (;
I yearn for the Tebow Bronco days.
buying a cat is like buying a roommate that hates u
<Got damn u fine
this type of joke can be considered sexual harassment if it makes some people uncomfortable. Not appropriate for work.
God watching the this season is painful.
why so?
I'm contemplating whether I should pass my CD's out at the mall.
record breaking bad news? I hope and pray everything is ok.
nuthin much...jus living..how u been
Making vendors feel like partners leads to better communication, greater trust, loyalty and innovation.
Hey RockStar ^DS!:D Thx 4 the follow. I'm following back. You know it ~ Elevate Others & Inspire Greatness! I dig it!
*blushes thanks! if only I had time to keep doing it. My fave is the guitar guy cause its ginormous, u cant tell but it is.Haha
Congrats to the USF grads today! Bring your books to BookHolders to get the most $ for the last of your books! Open until 10pm!
make sure he does this dishes. i know he is good at that! RT Dinner with at his new apartment in mke!
It's a Day for Meta House! meets the needs of women and their children, ending the generational cycle of substance abuse.
RT : RT Fact: Dirty Dancing is to women as Road House is to men. #swayze || Nobody puts Sam Elliott in the corner!
Aw shit just got comcast hi speed internet in my Vegas castle. The break is over I'm bak promo hard !!!!
omg! i totally forgot! you wanna go babe? :D
lol where the other chicks at?~
#Lakers for the win!
Ok. Good. I thought it was public knowledge.
No, we'll run all the way down High though, starting at lane Ave.
Just downloaded Reeder to my iPhone per 's suggestions.
make Me one too<3 :D
The rain and hail is coming down fast and hard in Broad Ripple this moment.
What in the name of gravy??
I don't think I want to know.
wondering what christmas cookie recipe I should try ... anyone have a favorite?
Bout to whoop this 8 hour shifts ass
Hi my name is and I have pictures of random girls with soap in their mouths on my old phonee.
I was just told I look tired - might have to fill up on
What a fantastic event!! Over 50 people showed up to learn how to make curry's, chillies, all using the simple and fantastic JetBoil...
Let this bitch not have my change 2marrow
double double with cheese and a choc shake please
While there were a couple beers had last night, today is mostly about not going to sleep last night.
You're a star, cuz. A STAR.
Could ABC PLEASE get the weather mapp off the Bulls basket? Ridiculous.
When we said we were pumped for 1-2, we meant FEET!
Astrologically, I vote for #Rangers win.
Directors can't be in shows and you need to have taken Directing class or be currently in it- sorry all you Actor-Director hopefuls!
#BreakingNews from #Tornado Warning for Bartholomew & Brown Counties until 3:45 PM
what part? I'm out in the western part on the Ohio river...owensboro
cant wate to see you . I be wach . And a fan of yours
At the Clairemont town council candidates forum this evening. Come get to know Lori a little better.
Beautiful day to come and have dinner on our patio!
Stoked for April 21st?!
Cena vs. The Rock
Yeah, but people should be at council meetings, BOE meetings, etc. Voting once every four years isn't enough for this place.
So I'm still laying in my room waiting to go into surgery, but I'm getting hungry because I haven't eaten since midnight. Grrr
Really hoping comes to Birdie tonight!!
why can't i have a Cory and Topanga relationship
Those people who will always know how to make you smile >>>
Never thought I'd say "hope the hotel has AMC" Glad I can watch season finale tonight from the road!
pepperoni yes olive loaf HELLS TO THE NO
The creator and the editors decided. RT : Who the fuck decided it was okay to black out wikipedia?!
Well won our kickball league. I definitely did not make quite adequate or frequent enough use of the discount double check though.
happy birthday ma dude spark one
Lmao! Well played ;)
Who wants a brand new laptop???? Check out dealshow.com right now for a great
I donated, not much, but hope it helps!
Keep your vehicle shifting smoothly. We'll check and top off your vehicle's transmission fluid with our premium oil service change.
A couple hours on Saturdays does not a Dream Pursuer make.
Saved by the bell on Netflix <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#notapothole but at 4th and Lst NE we have a long bump in the pavement. Trucks going over make hellava racket. Can u fix that?
I just don't think he'd come back to play if he didn't think he could actually produce.
ok. It is for a class I am taking on comparative higher Ed. I need to compare the two institutions.
happy sunday to all my friends and followers here... lazy day here as Kathy
hehe..yes, promise not some weirdo. just a story that will bless u 1000times over. And i don't just say things like that:)
Gotti. i'm gonna keep it swingin till the day they come and lock me up! Lol.
Y Dystopias? because i like watching characters try to break out of the mental prisons that most dystopian societies present
Awesome People That My New followers<3 thank you guyss<33 :D
encouraging. Star line didn't due justice. Velocity being up was great to see. Just looked better on the eye test
so glad to be connected with you. Love the great work you are doing. I'll be sure to try the massage next time i am in town.
What would Buffy do?
after giving full study, I'd be good with Thompson. Want to like Branch b/c of the way he looks, but didn't see production.
Wishin' I was a senior and got out of school next week.
Dad and his computer problems -_- lmao sorry about all that
Whomever is trying to bring you down is already below you
Aw. Okay just let me know if you need anything... (:
If you were in the teaching with the iPad session, PDF is now uploaded to conf. site.
who yu go w/ x Wat did yu do
Please tell me someone else remembers how Heath Evans' initial mock draft had the Jaguars taking Dwight Jones with the 7th overall pick
lol well I guess it's a good thing I didn't say anything
I've been trying to retweet you but Twitter won't let me. You got it blocked?
Gizelle is adorable!!!!
#boringwalls? get a #MIKELPATRIK and make them happy!
Hmm. Was expecting MARC formatting to be harder. Perhaps am cataloging genius?? Hurrah!
I won't be online for 2 days. sorry :( <U+2665>
maybe my nigga
you should record your reaction for youtube! do it!
Inner Jammed approaching VA-7 with a stall in the right lane
Jessica has my vote!
did you see his tweet!? Okay i can't even imagine that like omg
One of my favorite movies
Aww thank you (:
YES. We shall do all those things in the nearish future :).
Tell me wat u wnt from mee n I will see if I can
If you still wana party when you leave beamers come party with us #nine72 after hrs right behind beamers
#honored Thanks so much for following us back!!
So Pitt is filing suit to leave in 2013 when they were going to get to do that anyway?
Hey there ya go!!!
Mandles - manly scented candles
The UX for the web-based version of is abysmal. So clunky and laggy.
is pretty freakin' cool social analytics tool! If only they provided # of "favorites" and "shares", I would love 'em forever!
My page got suspended but I'm back bitches. Did u miss me
can't win
I Know I'm Passionate. But What For? It's Hard To Find Your Flames Combustion When You Got Rain Pouring.-KillahSmilee
most exciting part of the #Cotto and #mayweather fight
Hey ...that is how it goes.
seriously omg hes so cute
Looks like it to me :-) I agree with the decision 100% though.
#fact Smelling (not eating) green apples and bananas help you to lose weight.
The Old Fashioned House Burger (No. 30) is cooked over a live fire and topped with hickory smoked bacon and a fresh egg...enough said
don't get stuck like Tim Thomas in that cab haha
Um, you've got it wrong...again. Was a cute little home along the way.
Don't ask me to re tweet if you don't rt me. SMH
Lincoln Navigator is still doing good, and will no doubt receive a high capacity EcoBoost engine to balance out the thirsty 5.0-liter V8
u LOVE bananas!
Enlightening discussion regarding piss poached eggs on
That sounds like a lot of fun! Always wanted to try!
No one cares bro go talk Athletics baseball
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
Wrapping up a shoot with The Voice-Tribune! Be sure to check out the next issue with Gumer's very own Jake and Stephanie Gumer!
#NowListening to The Stems =]
thats not far for me im in covina right now i can run over there
#yougetmajorpointsif you don't play me out, then keep talking like I've forgotten
are u back in the Chi?
listening to the music :)
RT : What time dose the party start ? Restaurant open at 11 but the specials and band start at five sharp!
Put $10 on the blackjack table for me.. :)
no, it is at 10! and no I didn't get the email..
WOOT! RT : Congrats Official winner of today's "Question of the Day"! She wins a $20 La Perla gift card!
I think after having numerous Heady Topper and plenty of Pliny, it's safe to say that Heady >>> Pliny. Plus I love the hop dredge in Heady.
Hi, Adina, thanks for following me
my tongue hurts :(
Just wanted to thank and Mass Media for the Jak and Daxter HD collection... Now we want Jak IV, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Got extra LHS brochures back today from the printer! Into the portfolio they go! Soon I'll be receiving another book I laid out!
hey brooke!
Strange moments: When you meet your girlfriend's friend for the 1st time and you realize you've nailed her at a college party years before.
Well you're not here
Refreshed after morning yoga. Ready to start my day.
First Friday Gallery Walk tonight! The patio and annex will be hopping, the pizza will be hot and Bosco will provide great tunes!
is no fun on Sunday fundays.
I just picked up my tickets for tonight's show!!!
pls me back
#dearyoungself Don't start smoking. Also, boobies are a lot of fun.
The #BraunBomb was out FAST
This remix is crazy! --tweeted by SNiPER ()...YEA YEA FROM MEMPHIS 2 EUROPE
How #TheKardashians have influenced baby names. YUCK!!!! Full story in 5 minutes.
Big Freedia is in Madison on Saturday and Screaming Females on Friday? Rawk, then bounce.
Just submitted my first article proposals to a professional journal. *FINGERS CROSSED*
thank you
uploading one on soundcloud tonight
aw cute!
i am just in a terrible mood today. everything is pissing me off.
Attack of the Penises
Great question. We're looking for the ways slavery broke down. Early in the war, slaves ran to Confederate lines!
I had told her upfront. I guess she was just the shuffly kind :P
I am on a mission to visit every comic book store in the Abq metro area. What's your favorite place??
agreed on videos
Oh shit..Lakers going hard right now.
School...... -.- on the bright side it's a early Tuesday :)
Hey! We're doing great! Just working on album art, prepping for the new album release, and SXSW! How's it going in Paris? : )
Portland comic book show app is in the mail! We cant wait for Nov.!
#Sherlock ep 3 : But credits to the writers because everything from Arthur Conan Doyle is still intact. Maybe the flaw's in the original.
Sessions at #mobile2012 to include "iPads in the Science Classroom," "Collaboration in Hand" & "Using Apps in Literature Circles."
hey where have u been?
its funny how im texting/tweeting you at the same time :b
Evan Turner playing like he's wearing that Ohio State jersey
I still feel like weird in Korea.The only thing is that my cell phone is working well even in subway! Cool for New Yorkers all, isn't it?
Yeah, thanks.
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. ~Albert Einstein
I never recomend starting a RB against SF. and Bradshaw is not consistent enough. Go with Wells.
#Maguire, A Lion Among Men (Wicked Years v.3). As the series progresses, the characters become ever more compassless, the Lion most of all.
I didn't even realize I could write something directly to you.
this weather is so confusing.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANYTHING ABOUT LAST NIGHT!! YOU WILL BE PUNCHED IN YOUR FACE IF YOU SAY SOMETHING NEGATIVE ABOUT MY TEAM
Bean-cat is now actually coming to us for her kidney medicine. (I think she has figured out 2 treats immediately follow her dose.)
Going to crossfit will definately help your kickball game!
Everyday when I get a chance to ask my Mom how's was her day and helping her out in the kitchen
Who do you use for customized direct mail pieces like birthday cards aside from ?
RT : #Cleveland Heights cruises to an easy 69-46 win over #Glenville. Ten Tigers score, three w/11 or more.
We do uzzz.
Totally dressed like a lesbian today ... Ahh well ...
Truth! RT Listen to your intuition, God gave it to you for a reason.
I can see this is going to make a fun summer following all of UR bets! :)
Boo! Already back at the house I'm crashing at. Next time let me know and we will come prepared!
man I hope I have no beef with u no more, I just said sorry again. I shouldn't have disrespected u guys in the first place
Ready to get my hair twisted so all I can worry about is line ups
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Now is your time to SHINE --- sparkle eye liner is a great way to add holiday flair.
Gonna get carpal tunnel from the definitions I must do!
lol yes i fell asleep and realized shit i didnt finish my paper so i just finished it now >.< hows work
Sure, thanks for reaching out to help make things better in your neighborhood.
please follow ? for an early x mas present?
Its All About Wiring : RG-6 or RG-59. Home run or series/daisy chained. Your wiring will determine your next Hotel Television system.
Why thank you, I really appreciate the compliment :) #Seattle is a photogenic city!
Thanks Andy! I'll do my best to throw that out there.
post a status on Facebook n in 40 seconds he has over 6000 likes n comments. It takes me 7 hours to get one like lol
bwuahahaaaa!!! omg you're cracking me up today! i actually thought about starting a pocket company! ....
his eye is fine and he kept saying she hit me in the eye lol
That's why I don't get that move.
I know right! I would be very concerned if someones nipples just randomly ripped onstage. Ouch to the max.
On my way into the city. Seeing What To Expect When You're Expecting tonight!
O! beware, my lord, of jealousy; It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on. [Othello]
why are you in my closet?! hahah
I'll b Grapevine 2nite 10-2 w/ my good friend stop by and hang out. Show #3 out of 6 in 7 days-BH
ha, yes. It was a long day of shoveling snow and making sure deliveries were going to arrive.
just Disney; no Cal Adventure :)
I'd say I'd give him some of my winnings at the end of te season, but it's not a money league.
what's word? Did u get cleared
Hey Veda, enjoy your day, we are following back.
Hi susie, this is a great list of apps!
How is it that David Mims has reached superstar dark horse status, but we can't get any love for Allen or Stephenson?
I'm gonna miss these 7am cigarettes at 9000 feet.
you guys should follow me, it's my birthday, that would be the best
RT : Hey you should book Cadaver Dog. They'd be great at the Ex Hall or wherever you end up putting heavy bands
as well as his bio/publicity photo check your gmail inbox.let me know if you need a drop for your show.
Simmons hits the three for the #volunteers. 54-48
I'm just saying where was everybody when the grizz sucked?
I just sent that to R, so awesome!
needs to come to any state close to Kentucky. That'd make my life! <>
well, they are obviously my pets. Or they are electronic pool "animals" that the neighbor kids love. Either way they're tops!
1st day back. Bizarre, but not as depressing as I expected. It's good to love your job!
What is up with everyone getting ridiculously stupid tattoos? That's on you forever dumbass
What am I doing driving in Nigeria? With a stick shift no less!
I tried to put a bow in my hair... But my hair is just too curly for it to be seen :(
happy halloween.
Lady and the Tramp. Best disney classic. Besides Aristocats. Just sayin'
the nigga in motives was to damn green
Best PSA ever!!!
Am I allowed to say the word that starts with "S" and rhymes with Uperbowl? That Sunday, kitchen & bar will be open by 5...
Changes to traffic signals on Hiawatha and what it's going to cost at 10 on Fox9.
Michael, love to chat about Blue Box hosting & Chargify, if you are interested....
I read that as ''homeboy''. Looks like it. Or I'll come with and make balloon animals.
Ha,Ha, LOL! major news channels cut your BORING, LYING butt off!
yes :( u going?
Tell your team they playing like shit lol
Let's just give all of the Grammy trophies to Adele now...
watching "legally blonde II". *SIGH
I can build a castle from a single grain of sand. I can make a ship sail on dry land.
funny, mine is full of avocados
Dave Franco. So beautiful, dead forever.
All I have to say is Do yourself a favor and see what im talking about! Sukie do ya thang mama! Follow back!
Retweet if you love yourself!!!!
Frosting is my #1 favorite food. Diet Coke is
Middle-Class savior: Step 1- ignore the economy and pass an unfunded health care bill (smoking the numbers required).~D
Did you know? Cincinnati was the first city in the U.S. to publish greeting cards via Gibson Greeting Card Company in 1850...
Hey you want to talk records? 's is missing 70% of assembly sessions this year.
Uh, I thinkz ur emailz has been haxor'd. Just recieved spam from your email account. Might want to change that password...
do a amber rose cut it all off lol
Damn didn't expect for seniors to act like this.. GAME DAY!
thanx for following
im he eugene just to tell you buddy so you know ok
Attending Garry Golden's #DS11 presentation & learning how to plan library services for future patron need.
It's a weather phenomenon called fog, Heather. :P
it was an exercise. We had to build a URL shortener and we gave it the name Corto then found your site. Nothing else.
1st day of school manana for many.. Time for 4 on 1s then 1st practice week from Fri... Opening Day in a month!!
Enjoy the show?
As a annual reminder, We here at Sportshorn boycott ESPN. After the Mike Leach story you can never trust ESPN.
When most of your money comes from out of state, that's who you're beholden to. Not the people of
I try and naw #1970's haha and you better not
we still love you
#first40songsonshuffle 5) California King Bed-Rihanna
ooh, cool! Can't wait to see what you learn! (and how it can help me! :) )
<No problem!
well if there is a free iPad...
yay, glands! (and i don't say that to all the boys. ;) )
Avatar is my shit!
I'm liking it!
Congrats! You won our #MerchMonday lithograph!
What's your favorite tv theme song?
bout 40 min :) I'm hungry. Need popcorn.
I am preparing to launch my campaign to #sharethelove. Follow me to learn more.
lets go see it!((:
hey! hi! thanx for the fpllow
“: so fucking hungry, in need of some good ass food … don't judge me ” that you probably won't eat... Lmao
This is a true fan right here.
Lightbulbs are in­herently about function, not beauty
Jets News: Bold Jets trash modesty, swagger into spotlight
#np voodoo glow skulls. El coo cooi
I know. He read from THE GREAT NIGHT @ Folger last yr -scene w/Titania & Oberon w/son in children's cancer ward - overwhelmed.
I don't see anyone beating BSM.
One more day, everybody - get excited!!
thanks ! “: love your avi girl”
I said the same thing about Carol when I home last. I like how Lisa is not amused. Been a long time since I've been to Cashiers
Am I the only one in love with Max from Happy Endings?
RT : "If you've released an API having a social support structure around it is not optional" (via )
tells when Al Franken tells jokes he laughs whether he gets it or not because Sen Franken is sharp n quick
#MOVEMENT121 is a 90+10 company: 10% of your purchase and 90% of our profits go directly to those that are trapped in unfathomable
I thought I could stomach these scenes because RH is in them, but......... I. CAN'T.
i dont know why people smoke! its soo gross
As was his language so was his life.
i can always count on to retweet my best tweets
A blunt
lmao you got that right , misty what doent kill you makes you stronger
Those last 2 aren't serious if you couldn't tell. Someone took it real personal though. Just some twitter humor for you.
Officially done with my Monday and Wednesday class:)
all the good men are gay...
Mr.Morris has more stories then anyone I know lol<U+2639>
Dylan Collins <
thanks for the link....yet it doesnt seem to be up-to-date....only going as far back as Feb/2012! Looking for current?:-)
Getting ready for #PAX - this is going to be awesome!
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest~BAMM.
. Thanks for the follow - would love to learn more!
Two words I #HATE 1.Work 2.Monday
yep. I agree. Wonder what whole story is.....
Boys are stupid. Done.
Vendôme materials en route to you.
can't stop watching call to the warrior video fellas!!!
Man I gotta wake up early!
how are u awesome youtube channel subscribe to me at SJCOOL13
Mayor of a dr's office, #arc sucks 2 B hre so oftn U win ths badge, it cost me 7 vials of blood, damn vampires! LOL
Got alot on my mind : /
Oh there are. I took her to Spacca Napoli when she was 5 and she claimed she didn't like it, but she ate the whole pizza. :)
we love you right back!
Coming from the Midwest, that was the most noticeable earthquake I've felt in Williamsburg, VA
Wow. Going wireless mouse + keyboard on a Mac is nice.
The insurance that my job is paying for is coding me: not enrolled. Thus starts the journey through the red tape of
I am not a fan of hospital man.
but w the old crew reunited i was thinkin some retrorock might happen...
#overheardinbookbiz RT : "I'll take a pass, let me know when a werewolf comes by."
MOVERS: Monday's NOW FULL If you would like an appointment for your new place, we can do that within the week.
say word?
always talkin bout something positive #Salute I respect your vision and you grind homie<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Thanks for the follow Scott - let us know if we can help you with funding!
cant sleep... editing
Just sittin and catching up on some emails .Also trying to get my Darn printer to work . any ideas on a Brother 240c two colors not printing
Just walk in the bedroom and do me right.
Awesome good luck lol": Just hired those three fired Secret Service dudes to help me find ladies yo. #PIMPIN"
No wonder why you're always late to class. Look at how much shit you put on your face. You resemble a clown.
5am, me and Kirby at it again. Ball handling, post work, and shooting on the agenda for today. Let's go!
ahhhgggg....award serimony at night so many hours for one award!!!!
LIZZIE FTW
T.G.I.F.! Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour from 4-7pm for all the best food and drink #specials in town!
#funfact All of the energy concentrated in one gallon of gasoline is enough to charge an #iPhone once a day for almost 20 years.
Crap another bra broke, why does this always happen? Lol
Has anyone seen the British film "Will" about a boy and his love for Liverpool soccer? If so, is it good? Wish it were showing in the US.
first you have to cry us a river! hahah
Vroom: We can only know what the committee can do once it is formed.
Do it I dare ya!!
Lol! So true! : Hands Down.. Seinfeld is Lamest show on TV. EVER! (-_-)
Article: "Could Obama's stance on gay marriage hurt him in the election?" Well, the asshole demographic is hard to please anyway.
I WANT THOSE...but they don't come in my size :(
Grey, rainy mornings are hard enough - but waking up sick to your stomach just adds insult to injury...or injury to insult?
Spent an hour altering 's dress, just discovered that if I fail at life, I can always become a seamstress. Maybe, yes?
WWF working together - Save Tigers Now
It is impossible to sleep in a room that feels close to 100 degrees.
Brooks "Brad Nelson" Conrad
"I knew if I asked her.. She'd say yes.. So I asked her.. And she said yes" lol...acting partner where you been??
Ki-Jana used "moxie" referring to a non-McGloin. He could be expelled from the stadium for that.
well I cannot help you there sir.....my advice get a bee keeper suit #MosquitoesAreBigInMichigan I used to live there..
I saw the U SMILE video and I was the first one cuz one had commented or seen it, that means I'm ur #1 fan!! I love u!
Works great for me :) I'll be coming from Lake Oswego.. any ideas where to meet?
glad you enjoyed!
This game is getting out of hand!!!!
Future Brain Surgeon
Maybe she is in bad mood and just want the rain! Or she is waiting for some one! haha...
It's an eliza doolittle kind of morning.
Win a free mini-photo session from www.knowledgesafari.com - phx residents/recipients only
mine too :) (Jaime)
OK really you're going to be upset about our Whitney Houston comments? Too many people act like they new her... give us a break!
Tryin to decide what the 2nd keg should be for our charity poker game, for Breast Cancer. Rogue is hookin it up, so goin with Dead Guy and ?
“ Thurs I will be interviewing Ben Finch from !” Looking forward to it, for now back to the twins!
Anyone have recommendations for a local copier/printer service & leasing company?
I love your videos! Please follow me!!!!
I have honestly only had coffee once my whole life. I didn't like it.
I'll be damned if i be in my teens & be on double digit parteners already.
Your assumption is correct. Blast 140 chars! RT I will assume you ran out of characters to put [sic] after the word "polysci."
moms talking that shit this morning so I'm just riding around smoking
will be doin' that real soon...hoping to start a video series of new songs :)
10 serious games lessons- don't use word 'game', SG, edugame, simulation, don't let user get lost/frustrated, avoid negative training
To recap: vote for at #nycswmg - we make tracking your fitness as easy as sharing a photo online!
RT VERY EXCITED! Mile 19 brings some challenging rolling hills until the end, so try and hold back a bit in the first half.
Hm, thought we were done with winter.
looks cute in that golf outfit
First day of fall break and so far boring does anyone know any good songs I can listen to?
i found her!!
I fucking hate cutting the grass >;(
I wonder if skater/emo people think "that guy's a poser, his jeans aren't tight enough"
As heard at Kinetic "Come marvel at the technologies of yesterday!"
Things are selling fast at the #GarageSale! Come on out! All proceeds go to
+1 on Facebook RT : I wish all of my friends and family used Path so I could quit both Twitter and Facebook.
She never told us anything.
Woww , I ain't knoww all that.. he can get it ;)
Our friends will be releasing their NEWEST SINGLE early this Tuesday at 12pm on (Facebook.com/thebornready) Check it out! RT
“: You have 3 fingers behind your phone and your pinky under it for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb.” haha yes!
So the new "research" tool in Google drive is pretty awesome
Arts Management Announcement #228 out today.... new internships and jobs posted.
All this rain is leaving me no choice but to stay in and bake something new :)
old school>new school
According to Kessler's research, sugar, fat & salt is used by the food industry to essentially create an insatiable appetite for more food
ohh ok then so i flew all the way out here for nun oh yeah its my birth day
Sounded more like needlepoint :)
Thank you for sharing! Let us know if you have any questions for feedback for us! :) Happy Monday!
In the #Kiski School win, 6'9 Sr Geoff Boyle picks up 1st triple double of his Kiski career with 15 points, 16 rebounds and 10 blocks!
We definitely eat it here in Ohio.
Everyone deserves to meet :)
Doctors today for Strep throat. Ugh!
that is a treatment
I'm sorry bro but what # could u possibly have? I only have had 1 # for 8 yrs!
"goto" is a reserved word in Javascript?
what's your city/area?
Up to no good...Maybe.
thanks for connecting, Andrew!
Behind every fat girl there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, you're in the way
YOU FORGOT THE LETTERS?!? ASSFACE.
damn right
that's a false statement because you don't eat ice cream nor drink sprite. :)
“: If you had to pick one, what would it be? Wings, Beer or Sports (RT your pick)” That's easy.........Sports!
in that case....
thanks for following!
lol! Sweet! I'm 29. So I suck at guessing age lower than mine. Lol
Ted Williams doing the "Dougie" in #NothingCanStopUsNow was TIGHT! Funny ass parody lol!
I'm not sure who I hate more—King Joffrey or Rush Limbaugh.
Haha yes! Oh the influence I have...
Metta to the rescue
no sir not me
Out of the university and into freelance for much of #FutureGun -JO
You have one of the best jobs in the world too!
proud of u guys last night!! Amen amen to ur peformance lol great job boyz!! And to julian too
On Deck: Dirty 30 Birthday Celebration. Bring on the Band!
Happy Birthday Gene. Rock on Brother.
Good luck to all the #AR50 runners tomorrow!
I'm so hungry at work. please someone come bring me food.
hahahahah mark you know everybody
In the long run, you hit only what you aim at: Therefore aim high.
Thanks a Bunch Jenna from the ladies in the Front Office...you are our #9 DCC! Yay...
Are you an initiator?
&#39;Hygiene hypothesis&#39; gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence
Can't sleep!!!
Even through the tears--Jesus is there!!! While, your trying to figure the problem out..God already provided the solution. #Amen Ms. Spicy
hahaha twitter or any social network!
Quick cut at with
RIP Whitney Houston
How about that Charlie Sheen - any 'Two and a Half Men' fans bummed???
On December 21, 2012, I want to get a text message saying, "If the world ends today, I want you to know I love you
totally - & are much better at the supplementary YouTube video references
CYBER HANDSHAKE: Congrats to Ted Uczen, who won the BizTimes NCAA Bracket Challenge. Beat me by 1 point! Chris Stolarski of MU placed third.
Not feeling very good today. I'm gonna rally though! I gotz parties n' stuff...
I know lol(:
Who's missing the snow?
i tweeted the earlier but just checked and it says user doesn't exist
There's a pigeon outside eating someone's street barf.
I'm going to family dollar to buy dinner!
#WhyDoiAlways care about people who don't care about me?
we make a version of scrapple where the list of ingredients won't scare you. Healthier too!
u welcome :p
Elements of my social media crisis/disaster response framework are going into FEMA training; pretty cool.
Shout out to for big duty nights the weekend. Full moon, supermoon did not disappoint. THANKS!!!!
We just can't have nice things. Birds, the wave... we're just asking to lose.
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS! !!
Nothing set in stone yet, but I might be in Brooklyn on april 28-30.
Reading them more than anything,
This hotel is really pumping chlorine, aka pool smell, into my room
Sending my very best to you for a bountiful and blessed Thanksgiving.
i c some of yall really changed yall main pic to a body part shm yo face wasnt gettin u n e followers so u think yo ass will huh lol
"My favorite icecream,Oh i love nutella,I just had that like yesterday" you just gotta love Vinny
I'm not sad. I'm past pain. I don't feel depressed anymore. In fact, I'm having trouble feeling anything at all anymore.
Booyah! Just picked up as a follower -1 of the best Chinese restaurants #pdx right now. Homemade noodles, shrimp dumplings, yum
You're being a Cunt. Go wash yourself.
When boys can make you smile, like no other boy did.
anybody wanna do a tinychat? i'm bored!
This movie is boring af.
so essentially, when one wants to make all the changes visible on the master document, we do that push origin master command...
Congrats to the new mommy !!!!!
this is my awesome site
The all adulterers club stick together. Cain endorses Gingrich.
That alkward moment ur at a friends house and they deside to take a shower.
tables are almost sold out for this saturday new party! call 312.733.6900
Omg I'm freezing -_____-
Bummer! pulls out of the
So sorry to hear about your grandmother. My thoughts are with you and your family.
I'm still up grindin.... Told u when u sleep I'm still grindin Money neva Sleeps.......... 5am
aw, i love you :3
"Nothing will work unless you do." -Maya Angelou
cant wait for 's BANGGGGGGER ;) <3
why you say that lol
I hate the titles of the Dummies and Idiots books ... but to be honest, some of them are pretty good.
Feeling so filled with love today. It is beaming all through me and out my heart to everyone around me.
One of the greatest WS games ever. NO kids were up to see it. So a 15 yr old kid today will not be watching a game like this in 30 years.
Need. To. Stay. Awake.
What am I going to do when I'm in NYC and I can't see BooBoo or the other 3 foxes for 3 days :(
listen, I dont have time to tweet all night- I have a drivers license now..
Love your Lazy Twitter tweets for when the Google search seems like too much of a pain in the rump. Oh so clever.
Good morning everybody!
Too good.
AL teams have priority in reverse order of records. All of them pass, then NL teams have opportunity, in reverse order.
you know how many titties i've sucked by drawing girls? you think i just did that for fun??
it will be or else it goes in my tummyy
TELL US: Have you always had an interest in the paranormal or did it develop later in life?
Omg could u help me ? Please
And wish you were here, too!
Something tells me if Wisconsin and and Cinnci win then their will be a lot of tickets available Saturday
Thank you!
Testing out twitter
Haven't been on Twitter in forever though.
When I ask you to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics mean everything I'm trying to say to you.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Makes sense-seems another case of looking for loopholes. wish they would devote as much time/money to making current page
Docs are also QC'd and shipped in large envelopes, so you'll never send a crumpled CV again. [2/2]
...after a random generated pick, Mark Brooks of Washington! Congratulations Mark!!
let's hope so
tim mcgraw pandora always gets me
No problem! 1920: Streetcars between downtown Columbus (High St) & Miller Park. 1930: Extended to Coventry/Parkway. 1936: Ended.
Isn't an Oracle User Group more of a psychotherapy support group?
funny people
Can't wait until summer!
RT 's for president
Just remembered that Holy Musical Batman is coming out tonight! Eep!
Really? Sweet!
Anyone else get nervous for the presenter when they type an address into their browser & their history appears in the dropdown?
my parent's house ate my ol' photo albulm.
gipper is to close to chipper to be a hard ass rapper song. Sound like something you made up cause it's so gay!
RT If you are not living on the edge, you are taking too much space! > Tweet of the day
Just cooked some dinner came out bangin along with my chocolate chip cookies :)
hahah okay! i'm wearing shorts. & wowww, i cut my leg shaving it yesterday -.- soo stupid ! ahah see you soon!!
Philip Glass keepin' it elevated on a Monday afternoon.
This Friday, May 4th, is Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you...get it???? I'm just hoping my Princess Leia costume still fits. ~boomer
Little bit of Bill Lumberg from Office Space in Emery. Dropping the "mmmk, ok" a lot.
its so cute the way he trys to flirt with me ^.^
That whole under-appreciated album gets to me just about every time. Always has.
“The leader of the past was a person who knew how to tell. The leader of the future will be a person who knows how to ask.” Peter Drucker
I thought she was locked up haha
hey everyone
Yeah....Government.
Aint wine dont sip it make it bubble when you hit it let it burn baby burn...:D
sounds like a fun time! lets do it :)
Welcome to the Steeler Nation,You are a very Baad man:) Ok we do not like Ravens or Browns,glad to have you in Black and Gold:)
Rs will explode w jealousy as usual & look 4 ways 2 twist it & make it minus 4 Obama. They won't give POTUS credit 4 anything.
No i dont wanna fight it i dont wanna hide the way i feel So i guess its time for me to say That i got eyes for u,i want us to b together
“ Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that.”
The most annoying baseball player on twitter. I coach little league kids that are more relevant in Grosse Pointe
Thanks to all of our new followers!
what's love got to do with it ?
and thats why your a fat kid
Gamecock #StephonGilmore is headed to the Buffalo Bills as #10 pick in #NFLDraft. We're proud of that Cock!
May 16 is my birthday and my wish is that obama will lose by a lot in 2012
Hey I know you
Thanks ! we'd love to here from about #LBF12 reportage ...
post on our wall that you did and i'll get the ep to ya!
Thanks bro!
Catching up on email.
But aren't they all though. RT Kirk, this girl is stupid
Watching the Golden Globes, are you? Share your thoughts.
"Long overdue thanks" -- I think I'm even longer overdue. Thanks! :)
Thanks, & I followed back
I'm packin the sh*t outta our place!! Yeah-ya.
Volquez has 51 pitches thru 3IP. Allowed only one hit but has had some longer counts. #Brewers v
is eric's movie going to be good?
sari you would :'(
Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster. ~Andy Grove <Achieve faster time-to-decision with Lucidity!
Stepping back into 1999 coding tables out for an html email campaign.
He He. Adrenaline+ emotion+beverages+ first "real" meal of day. giggles until fall down!
thanks so much for the RT! #gratitude We look forward to serving you in May :)
New Hacker/SPAM message: "Someone said this real bad thing about you in blog" this is BAD LINK--not message--do not click!!!
maybe I do not know what I am doing lol...
Yeah but she whines about everything so it'd be a bitchfest for the rest of the week. Lol
Chillin bout to take these pills to get betta
Happy Easter!
I am! In the back of the room, with the laptop. :)
Thanks for participating. The sweepstakes has closed and we'll announce the winner of the cards shortly!
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live. Socrates
Testing, testing... is this thing on? ~ Jake
The passing of the baton...?
all good bro don't tag me haha. I see u
I like it! I especially like the purple and green color scheme. Very clean and user-friendly design. Well done!
goodnight bud!! <3 sweet dreams loca :)
We're busy getting ready for the next issue of San Diego Downtown News, coming out this Friday Feb. 3
Watched cnbc on the treadmill this a.m. Pundits don't seem so enamored with the word "pivot," as they once were. "Narrative" is big though.
breaking board and I'm live on US
I've barely been in my office today with all that's going on - film series, URCAD, humanities forum... great day to be at #umbc!
sorry, we did a limited run of that last summer and don't have plans to do it again yet
I have that game like level 12 holler holler
PS: I'm not exactly sure what's on the plate in your avi, but the Wu gets some representation on that new mix. :)
49 notes on a pic :o LE PROUD~
I am following back you can check so follow and get more followers
Going to the milk bar for some soda
hahaha! Perfect. You got Ben this time though. He's aight... lol
how bout
We prefer "The Academy" for short but I heard theres another production group by that name.. WHO CARES!! haha
Never mix business with feelings!
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
Sale has starter stuff. White Sox have to quit jerking him around.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 4318 calories! on 5/18/12 at 8:55 PM
Remember every athletes needs are different visit the website to calculate your needs
": My clothing collection is out of control." Super jealous considering her style is incredible
nvm saw name
silence speaks when words can't
who cares...yum yum yum
Thanks for becoming our 700th follower! Next stop 800. Tell a friend!
Forgot a hot pad holder taking brownies out of the oven. Thx to Urgent Care in S. Reno I was bandaged & home before they cooled.
I'm going to dye my hair gold and just walk around outside screaming METEOR MAN!!!!!!
so with basketball it's been harder to get on and tweet you but btw , i shot 3 bank shots in a row under 2 min just for you <3
I hate those bitches who think there hot but in reality they look like they just crawled out of a cows ass.
The pant she I wore to my wedding rehearsal, high waist and flared legs, are back in style.
Watching Moses Pray sell Bibles; when I left behind my chart for the Rod of Wonder you threatened to make it into a song.
this money from strangers show is kinda funny
I'll be mastering mint cookies and cream this summer what're you gonna
God open doors and He also closes doors.
i had the same thought.
Woahohoho, my apologies! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I still don't get how people call Justin a girl.
Also, occupational hazards: getting excited when you see Adrian Benepe quoted in the paper.
People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. ~Author Unknown
Thanks for the follow. My blog will soon have a new look (hopefully), and much more content. Check it! Thanks!
i feel that a girl that hangs out with a lot of guys is a whore
It's a new day-a chance to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people - it can go either way!
The walking dead - episode one.
Fuller: if decision is made to support #dullesrail, "investors will start lining up. If not, they'll say 'forget Loudoun.'
just got word that we have a limited number of discounted tickets available at www.Goldstar.com Do not wait or they will be gone!
Hello Twitter, I am Zach Libby and I will talk about my daily life and other things that interest me. Follow me and I will do the same.
"When does optimism turn into actual dollars spent? "
Someone want to tell the Sixers that the game started? No? Ok.
Actually, the MCC expressly APPROVED switch hitting when KP first did it af ew years ago.
damn ok
Thx guys! I'm getting my free sub today ;)
yeahh. One step at a time lol
What do you think of no ceilings?
One year since you've been missing.</3
So frustrating getting in bed early and not being able too sleep... Need rest before ACL!
thanks lady! It all feels so strange... But the love and support from friends has been awesome.
Despite the length of a cable, it's only as strong as the last link in the chain...
What goes through your mind when they promote things like "Earth Day", "Arbor Day" and the like?
I've been training since Nov already! But longer training days are ahead!
Can't resist sharing a few more of today's great #bmorehistoric proposals! Here they come.
Boo that video didn't work. It was from the Cheetah run. You're just gonna have to take my word that it was cool.
Idea: Miller Park marching band; bring local high school marching bands in to play something after the national anthem is sung.
Dont hate the player, hate the game!!!
Scroll down to check out our potential tank designs! "Like" the one you think we should print!
makes my lil heart melt when he smiles!! ;) Phil for the win!
and we LOVE it a bunch
What team are you going to after the playoffs, and are you starting the new season right after you finish the playoffs?
Wow Badgers with a convincing 24 point win!!!
not being nice enough to house guests. Even though they left the key in the front door and stinky food in the fridge.
I have that same obsession! I love when my obsessions are healthy.
i better here your opinions on this #taylorallderdice even though youre a wiz hater
I just saw Whitney 2 nights ago and now she's gone. She sang "Yes Jesus Loves Me". It's so surreal.
RT : BonIver on Twitter?! Awesome...and, from Eau Claire!!
THANKS CHRIS RT : #FF Engaging, good people >
Lmao me and my pops scoring on this foo...
everyone getting what they wanted right! Jinks our team
quite attractive(;
Also relevant that in 2010 Granholm lowered the fee from $6/day or $24/annually to $10.
It's better to die like a tiger than live like a pussy.
It's Beverly Cleary's 95th birthday today! What's your favorite Beverly Cleary book? Mine is RUNAWAY RALPH bc motorcycle mice are awesome.
IT IS RUBIE TUESDAY! TWO PIERCINGS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE! INCLUDING BASIC JEWELRY! COME ON DOWN AND TALK TO RUBEN!
Celebrating 39 years of Roe v. Wade and the right to choice!
Great stuff. RT : W (Wins) : L (Loses) :: WISH (Wins In Spite of Hurdle) : LBH (Loses Because of Hurdle)
and we need it. In a bad way.
its the freedom from caring.
video please next time! haha
one ride at a time ;) you rock!
Oh you think I'm fake because I don't do anything?
As per Nicolas Batum a few weeks the "s" in his Nicolas is silent. Nicola.
Are you working over there this week?
Shoutout to and for being the first two followers! Thank you!
Whats up fellas?!?! Hope all is well, good to see you on here, we are following back!
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
the kids love it. Parents think we should go til school starts but that won't happen
I was just working on contacting some local bands through myspace and I think my computer got an STD.
poor you
yes! We actually were. Windows were leaking in water. LOL
A goofy movie is on! This used to be like my favorite movie lol
Enjoyed hosting Hispano chamber luncheon! Hope you all had a great time!
Check out google today. Nice logo shout out to Mies van der Rohe in celebration of his 126th bday.
the tv shows
Weezer I love you.
Bet half you niggas who bought the 11 don't even have bail money.
Please keep the victims and families of today's tragic events at Fort Hood in your thoughts and prayers.
Taaabbblettt? :D? Love you Toby Tobuscus Turner. (not just for tablet, but for epicosity)
You look lovely, Shama!
Boston fouling like crazy now
Tell us how you to plan to ring in the New Year?
About to whip out the GoPro, you know what that means!
dang! I'm unworthy!
what's up
Thanks for the mention!
need more
"If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today." -Lou Holtz
wants all to know that thier new Children's book is now out! Great stocking stuffer!
Benchmarking of learning spaces- traditional vs. current trends
bahahah! Don't watch it! I was such a DORK!
Only 5 more days until sobbing hysterically in a bar! I better get shopping!
yeah it's cold out there
RT : he looks cold, you better get him a UK sweatshirt <- He already has a National Champs t-shirt! :)
. Absolutely! I am a member of the IP & Biz Sections of the CA Bar, LA Bar, & Marin Bar; also very active in the ABA
U.S. #Dow posts worst loss of 2012 on renewed Europe crisis fears, down 213 points. #Nasdaq drops 1.8%, #SP500 falls 1.7%.
I'm thinking of the worst things to say to you, but a promise doesnt mean a thing anymore.
The presents "IN THE MIX" May 2012! With special guest of MAY 17TH! AURUM LOUNGE MIDTOWN!
why do you keep telling me i dont own the rights to my own songs??? stop screwing indie labels and artists!
The #Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, including back-to-back wins against Apprentice, and is the World Series champion.
When I read the word 'pharaonic'...I don't know why, but it brings to mind 'moronic'....completely different.
Curtis granderson needs to calm down
ehem...i had sent you a song...and you better like it ...LOL
I have a exploding headache
It's to hot for pants.
I'm convinced the iPad can serve as a very adequate substitute for a laptop on the road. What a great device!
Two people that you should follow
Grover-Thanks for the follow! We are happy to send you samples of MiniBük: The social media you can hold.
Tryin to watch Glee but I can't get into it
Good start to the morning let the Busy Derby week continue!
she doesn't have one haha & that is adorable
He says that CO2 isn't the main cause of "Recent Global warming" & and only addresses one issue. What about melting ice caps ect
THE VIDEO IS AMAZING<U+2665> #AllIWantForChristmas :)
On Sept.19, The London Palladium celebrates 100 Years of Magic with a night dedicated to magic and magicians. Magic will be in the air!
RT Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. ~Martin Luther King Jr.
oh okay I didn't know ill have to ask Eleshuncle.... you Balika lead?
great to see you too!
"You're doin' good. You're doin' great. Just keep goin'." *pinches cheeks and repeats in baby-talk voice.*
RT : Kids score 100 pts higher on SATs, are higher career earners, & are more active in society when there is art.
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
Super 8 looks incredible!
Hello Monday.What do you have for me today?
you just got caught !! U can't speak on rap at all (Stephen a smith voice)
Watching fight for troops!!
The Ravens can easily get Home Dal Home NE in a row. The schedule is so important!
miss you alyssa.
others find your desire to fine tune reality a bit too obsessive
It's official, we have #Lin Fever here at Banzai!~ Anyone else with us? Or are you tired of him yet?
Glad we could put it all together! Thanks so much for all the insight into the wines and vineyards.
When someone is musty and they try to give you an hour long hug
Happy Monday :) OK ... so no additional info needed. Agenda in progress. Dates for call forthcoming ...
Done w work! but cant go back BKK now, cuz Noi is on her way Pattaya. OMG i dont want to think abt tonite -_-' Hope i can reach home safely
2 Minute Warning for reset of Rose, Daisy, and Pansy wireless pods at
I hate Yesenia, stupid pregnant bitch.
I don't talk to him, He's always tweeting about me, and talking to his friends about me.
The emotions and stress from the world will leave you physically and mentally drained!
i love your music and is one of ur biggest fans!! can you follow me? please?
slight weight loss? That freaken rocks! Almost 6 lbs! I am down 3 lbs. 12 to go.
Maybe going to the state fair with the boyfriend in June? I hope so (: <3 Luke Bryan's Gonna be there! :D
No Papa?!? No!!! I so wanted to see him. But I did hear Timo is coming and Holtby. What about Pukki?!?
does complaining ever accomplish anything?
“ “ If twitter was school, I'd have perfect attendance.””
A kind soul will put your feelings before theirs just to make sure you're ok and smiling even when they're not
In the studio makin the songs ya'll partyin and BS'n too, #OnMyGrizzy!!!!
1Co 1:9 God is faithful, by whom you were called to the fellowship of His Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
my country music shout out, for those who may not have recognized
Yeehaa, what a mooglorious day! Git on down to the Cow and tell them the Buffalo sent ya and git you 10% off your check!!! Giddy Up!
That may be true but it's also better than anything SBTRKT's done yet.
1 A few more tweets.
So dey mad cause im moving far north...come on family...i need to be away from errybody...
I've been ripping and running all day, now it's time to crank out some great prose on my computer.
I MISS U...im soo bored girlie..i think im gettin Senioritis
McDonalds flow... And a movie....
OMG i had that same story to i doesn't count yay LOL
you know What happens with misdiagnosis on the suffering addict right?
Thunder are in attack mode!
I'm loving these photos!
Finally 18..... In one minute
Finna be knocked out swear. I'm bored as shyt like. Dude really should call me ASAP :/
ahh logan and I are addicted that show is amazing(:
#France has elected a new President, Monsieur Hollande. Sarkozy is out. Are you optimistic for France's future? Pessimistic? Nonchalant?
#Whiteparentsquotes "may I come in? #Blackparentsquotes "open d doe u dont pay the bills round hur" #myparentsquotes "what u doin in there?"
Done with my Comp I class preparation. From here on out, it's all teaching and grading. All Blackboard stuffs are timed perfectly!
RT : shout out to my dogs #laredosfinest Lazy V! Gone but not forgotten! leggs go!
"Betch I think you're going crazy" "only geniuses go crazy right? So at least I have a big brain"
Whatever makes them happy!
Real shit ": We all got issues, some just think puttin they shit online is the way to solve em lol."
yes! So tweet more pls. :)
you're welcome my friend
Cute pink nails, a great massage, and a morning of some baking with my mom.... couldn't ask for a better pre Thanksgiving day!
You have lost your mind. Tyler Hansbrough v2.0
thanks for starting my day off great :)
Don't think she was rubbing it in with both your teams losing?
Happy Monday guys! Let's make it an A+ week, shall we? via
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY JUSTIN BIEBER !!!! I hope you have an amazing day! #LiveYOURlife <3 love you !!
My phone gets really hot at random times.
Hi ! How are you?Thank you for follow me.
for sure Broc. Join us!
good morning to you too!!!! Have an awesome day!!
Art show title idea: Bomb Shit Happens. It's mine. You can't take it.
Her goal is a god one, I just don't think that's the way to go about doing it! Sets a scary precedent.
it is so true isn't it
My dad might be late for work. /:
Gonna have a good day, it's Friday and I get out early :)
where could a fan buy some stuff to rep tde/you
Where does Eddie Felson travel to play against Minnesota Fats in the 1961 classic film The Hustler?
Who's going to the MWC basketball tourney next week in Vegas??? I am! Just bought tix. Let's meet up
I can't wait to blog about tonight's Pirates game - what an emotional roller coaster. Oh my gosh I'm such a nerd.
looks like i won't be writing for the sept issue of SLA Info Outlook...missed the deadline oops!
ofcourse :D following!(:
#schoolmemories when teachers would say give me your phone you will get it back at the end of the day
Nothing and no one can bring me down right now!
MAN! These are so awesome. Milk has met its match.
I told you not to get the sour kind.
im loving my life right now :))
oh come on!
you put your hand on your hip and tell him somethin'
I check how interest groups that I care about rate the candidate I'm considering. Tell us how u #votesmart for a chance to win a tee-shirt!
Dont get me wrong Harrington is doing a good job, but it seems lost at times allowing the opposition opportunity
they all talk to damn much
Whoever said "TV is like chewing gum for the mind" ought to try brain mints they work pretty well too.
Shana Tova to you! Hope you had a wonderful holiday!
yes. in Buddhism we say the environment is your mirror. and we can change. so we can change our environment!
Great to hear, thanx! What level US history course do you teach? And do you know of slavevoyages.org?
How is that book? I've always meant to read it.
sounds good lakin said that he would go next time !!!!
Hey Wanda! lools like u have been a VERY busy girl! Thought u were going to NYC?!
For a second, I was like, "How did she find me? I'm not even driving my car." Then I was like "Oh... duh."
Up All Night - love the show (Will Arnett? COME ON!), but hate it when it describes my last 8ish hrs. Even weird porn at 4am didn't help.
Hey! Great chatting for a bit today. We should keep in touch. Also, you interested in joining one of the #BIC teams? Could be fun
HELLO MUFFINS>>>NEXT DOOR HUNGRY PEOPLE>>>
||_-_~ SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Now you're nothing more than a box my closet.
My heart hurts for Slexie & I haven't really watched Grey's all season! Must catch up! I don't think my heart can take it, though. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
title 9 is one of the worst pieces of legislation ever.
Total domination by U.S. Women's soccer team and very little to show for it!
definitely a high ankle sprain! Those are the worst!
says Obama will "destroy the economic fabric of our state" but he can't decide to vote for him or not? Both can't b true.
Still yet, not enough. . But I'll try again,
Can't wait for #USC #Rossier Commencement! When you tweet about it, please use
A5:Yes, we should educate about challenges #caregivers face. Highlighting personal stories is a good way to do this.
Our last set at SXSW is tonight at 7pm at the Gypsy Lounge. 1504 E 6th Street Austin TX.
My wife wants more sparks in the bedroom so I ordered a welder on Amazon. It arrives today. She will be so happy!
Wifi I missed you
Feel better soon, happy Easter.
Not excited about actual birthday, super-bouncy-excited for the weekend celebrations. Not complaining at all.
#teamescaladetx to find out what everyone is talking about go to TeamEscaladeTexas.com
I read it via email.
Ohio has 11,851 children in foster care and 5,853 licensed foster homes.
From this moment forth Whole Foods will be referred to as Clusterfuck Market.
As expected, new Apple TV (the little black box) with new UI arriving March 16. Now with 1080p! Still $99. Looks the same as old Apple TV.
Heading out soon for #saa11 tweetup at Clark Street Ale House!
tonight shall be: columbus.
": Never use a condom, she gotta get used to fucking raw."NIGGA YO DANG GONE LOOK LIKE BEAT UP SNEAKERS BAR..
Getting Lucky at SooVac tonight....suggest you do the same.
Anyone have a futon or platform bed they want to sell me? Cheap? LOL
google xml sitemaps is another must-have. Livefyre and Disqus are both great for comments, and Gravity Forms is awesome.
Didn't realize I was in the cool kid section. : 5th row, right near
If you seriously say "LLN", you're losing a follower, k.
done and done
Hey and , its time to play in the
yeaa too bad we didnt make the final 3 :(
“: Virginia OLB prospect Cam Johnson interviewed with the #Packers at the Senior Bowl.” Thanks 4 this! Please draft him!
“: I'm over you. Maybe you should get over you too.”<U+E230>if that happens then no one will be with me lmao
Training - stop using closed statements on fanpages - use questions, polls & fillin blanks to increase fan engagement
Patrick i love your quotes you tweet there really inspiring and true(: it makes my day(:
where u ever in a gang?
Had fun talking to LIS390 today about my work in the UX field. Thanks !
#evilplan By putting treats in Rusty pup's food, I am conditioning him to love me more than the Hubs. Bwa. Ha. Ha.
Thanks for the mentions -- always very much appreciated!
Started 2day...#lovinit already!! 2 the other job after this and then goin 2 c paranormal 3 2night...can't wait!!
Warm Sundays in LA are the best.
DON'T BRING 17 PEOPLE WITH YOU TO YOUR BRIDAL APPOINTMENT.
In this scenario, the humans are the "tools" of the Medeans, what magic "uses."
R E T W E E T if you want a shout out to 15,000+ followers! (Must be following ) He Will Shout You Out & FollowBack #JustAsk 4
(: rly good. So happy things r great! How r u gonna spend ur weekend?
lol Miami Wonka must have gone to Belen then haha #Represent (Too bad this is false -_-)
I'm excited for said blog to launch!
It's definitely an interesting Thanksgiving special!! She is nuts but talented!!
Doing well. I've been super busy. Settling back in though.
Going to have final draft running all day!
Time to get the game faces on !
I think I look at twitter much while I drive. #imhomealready?
Yes! We can do this! Miss you tons!!
a good day to you too
Had our first non-rookie pick. makes a nice sleeper choice of Mike Goodson at 2.05
In Wisconsin, proliferation of local and major businesses banning law abiding citizens from conceal carry by posting signs, "No Weapons."
chatting HOLICO GIRLS was fun:)
i love you too bay. And like i said betta safe dan sorry lol
Wow! Triple congratulations!
Friends came over so I made corn flake potatoes. Alberta Darling threw candy at me, now watching Gremlins. Good day.
Will Ferrell is on SNL? I'm in
Glad you came! I'll email you the picture I took for you
That's what I was thinking. CoD is so overdone, they can't even come up with decent trailer music.
Touching up an old pilot script in the hopes of pitching it in a big meeting.
Send your attendees a Slideshare tag in a email so they can access the slide decks of presenters at the trade show.
It's lax season!!! The tigers will be back to practice starting Monday!
Someone broke into Scott's car last night, his only response was "they dumb, they didn't even take my stamps"
- funny how Clips is now a matchup NBA fans want 2 c
Hella glow sticks, coloring book and crayons. Perfume balloons and more all from you make my life! <3
#HappyMothersDay to all.
RT : I have a museum story. Check it out at my travel diary www.travelsoklahoma.blogspot.com. I still don't believe it!
I don't want shit to do with you , get out of my life.
dance is gonna rock!
we is a
We mock that which we do not understand.
People want you to follow them, but they don't follow back! What's up with that!
greedy and when they get citizenship it is the best day of their lives. Good citizens parents spouses. Loyal hard working.
You can love them, forgive them, want good things for them ... but still move on without them
There is that :-) Love it! RT not sure why it feels good, but it sure does. I blame it on the warm milky flavour:)
What a beautiful day in the District - I hope everyone had a great Cinco de Mayo!
Contact me when you like to come by (305) 846-1251
"PARENT: "We need to talk. " ME: *Million things run through my mind. What did they find out about!?* PARENT: "Stop leaving the lights on.""
is that where the drugs kicked in??
i know some people said they are having issue with the casting site... please give us 24 to 48 hours and we will have it fixed... thanks :D
... then what hope do we have to find a better alternative fuel source?
great to meet you too, Yola! Hope your projects are going well. I'll DM or email you that podcast info later today.
Hello from detroit, to all my friends in san diego, I wish you all nothing, but the best. H.Q. Founder
I'm thinking chicken and waffles.
why is the no.11 mid afternoon northbound bus ALWAYS late? Or a no show?
Happy Monday!!! Hope your week is off to a great start!
RT : Inspirational start to #nggs11 by Young gov leaders are here because we matter!
Better shows are when we have our friends there! See ya soon.
failure + fear of failure = approved failure
Don't get weary in your waiting on God. Your in the process of waiting because God is preparing you for your season!!
Very nice!
Thanks for daring to follow the ~
is glam time with the ladies or "Pretty Little Liars"
LOL so true
My love for you has no (38th) parallel.
man I hope the ravens wear their all black uniforms on Sunday!
He be texting you but she in love with her.
got a kitchen full of groceries! feels good! :)
Even if the odds are stacked against you, never second guess your passion.
Thank you for 35 years of great coverage! I really miss the legendary #ChickHearn's voice! #GoLakers!
Pawn Lowe's seem oz
Sound off for Thursday, May 3, 2012 - Columbus Ledger-Enquirer
glad to hear it dude, happy to help.
I think the animal I relate the most to is the Fainting Goat.
140 trees cry. RT : If a brand tweets in the woods ...
And drake ... I cried and screamed when he came on, HE IS SO SEXY. does anyone agree?
But I love them all. That's my family ;)
in a tipi . . Burning Man?
TIA. THE SKY. UH
I could tell. I gotcha tho, I gotcha.
Glen looks like he's come in fancy dress as 'Sheldon Cooper at a Star Trek convention'.
Spent over 100K on tickets for large group travel happening soon. Need customer service help on details. Please contact me.
Getting my back deck done just in time for beer bq season #<U+2600>
I will be doing a brief interview this evening on Eau Claire's Channel 13 5pm news if anyone in the area wants to check it out.
RT if you have always wanted to say "NICE TITS"
A.U.P SIDEWALK SALE TODAY!!! COME AND CATCH A GREAT DEAL ON SHOES CLOTHES AND DECKS!!!!!!!! DONT MISS THIS
If loving Austin Mahone was a crime, 671k+ girls would be in jail.
Haha it did work out for me. For the girls tho......(smh)
Wavii (for iPhone) (beta)
If it's for Quig's class I'll take it
what are you in the mood for?
haha now I gotta see the expendables 2
I'll let my tips suffer for a witty remark. "Here's that coffee, and it only took 3 hours instead of 4."
I think I speak for the majority of mute people when I don't say anything at all.
Think I'm gonna start rockin pb&j's in the a.m. now....bring it back to 5th grade to start the day and get the brain flowing
Will do :)
wow I left my contacts in the pocket of my shorts and it went in the washer and the dryer
Morning Rockstars! > We are still masters of our fate. We are still captains of our souls. - Winston Churchill
Rondo the regulator
Travis Pastrana is driving NASCAR?! That dude can do everything that involves wheels.
Thank you Melissa - another great recipe.
I wanna be single ; /
thanks! Looking forward to a great game!
every time you tweet I see your picture and I think it's Rene for two seconds. I thought Rene had a man crush. :0)
u all r very big fools.. N dnt call me ever again... Stupid girls..
Once u get up turn that frown upside down and get that hair together.... Give me a ring a holler or a hoot.lol -
It's been 70 degrees all week and today it's going to be 45. I hate Colorado's bi polar weather.
Why the Super Mario Movie Sucked
Why do Distributors have an after hours extension? If you can't get your order by 5pm, it must not be that important. Go pick it up.
I can write you a hit song just give me a shot ....
#wiad Jorge arango keynote IA is about helping people find what they r looking for and making sense of it when they do
If you want people to collaborate with you, give them a variety of ways to self-select how to collaborate.
Slide to da side u little Peasants! Lmmfao
thanks for the shoutout!
Called my first cab all by myself!
Chinese food and cudding what could be better =)
are you trying to make me cry?
The way I use twitter now: read stuff & retweet. That's it.
If your avi pic is blurry as fuck when I enlarge it don't tweet me. Get your ass a damn decent camera!
im doing homework but its so boring so i got on twitter :)
Mann who still jerk???
Aoki is A OK.
wait let me tell you more about my dream. i was sitting on the side of a crowded street, at a table, under a lamp, tryna roll one.
did you get diagnosed with a dairy allergy?
Go get some, yo!! RT : I want sex
wow sounds like fun. Glad ur having a good time
I LOVE YOU TOO.
The left side of my sternum is in pain
bacon's trending again To Kill A Mockingbacon
I've used SuperSaas for that kind of stuff. Works great.
They didn't the game but I'm sure they are winning over the critics with each game.
listen to me next time so i dont have to fight you for the swords ! You and richard have made my list .... (: jk
Simpsons: Are You Glad To Know Where Springfield Is?
I do not mean to pry, but you don't by any chance happen to have six fingers on your right hand and thus the MVP talents?
which would be me
THEYRE THE WORST!!!
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock ~
Thanks for the RT, lady :)
Check out : infatuationclothing.com
thank you for following back. You are so talented and pretty. We have to hang out soon. :)
we love you.
Have you made rezzies for the Porcine Feast This Tuesday? What else do you have to do on a Tuesday???
Today's temperature: hell
I think they are looking for volunteers to be zombies!
If you need easy extra money, I highly suggest you read this article!
its almost a year since we met,U mean alot to me & your always in my mind 24/7 imy! specially ur kisses :)
we on the same tip wit music fa sho
In the end, I will remember not the words of my enemies. BUT THE SILENCE OF MY FRIENDS.
lol thanks bro!
ahahah i swear! ask your sister!
I feel you fam! Do you have a myspace page?
Austin Your My Inspiration, Austin ILY! Austin Are you reading this, If so RT this and Follow,Would mean lots to me. #YEE <3
Happy Birthday!
thats the truth truth.
I'm back with Photo Mondays. Kickin' it off with fun!
so called bff talking trips w/bff, suddenly it's not me. How's it not to hurt?
Yay RW! Boo Reggae. ;) I'll be at the Brewers game.
#whatishappiness? Seriously. This isn't spam. Just want an opinion.
Today in Literary History: American writer John O'Hara was born in Pottsville, PA in 1905.
Do you think that whoever wins tonight's Mega Millions will think 'I wished I would have Megaplied that?' Or not so much.
Sometimes the replies are pretty funny — especially when the sender doesn't realize that their message is going to multiple people.
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
That's why he moved on from you. Honey, tweeting about him isn't getting you anywhere. Just stop and move on like him.
luve me sum vegas!! Good luckers!!
Coffee and a meeting. You in ?
You guys were so awesome!!!!!!
is a genius. There it is. Just got got amazing design work sent our way from him. Can't wait to share with public (be patient).
of course! I like flights like that too. Thanks guys!
Just got retweeted by
watching prom wars!! :)
Ok so ill shampoo n u detangle 4 me. Thanks. ~ek
Keep trying we have a lot. Don't get to mad. We love you for listening!
that guy is really stupid. Js
sad you didn't hit me up for some of that chinese! :(
Well that took less time than I thought it would.
I DEFINITELY agree lol
Missing college today...musical theatre and beer. And oh yeah the best friends ever.
one thing 4 sure there wont be no lip syncin live for sure!
Would've made more sense if tied to the Cat Tax. ;)
So I finally have setup again. At home, don't want to do it at work. I have missed you. And I have a nice wide screen for you.
and we ain't did nothin that we aint suppose to doo
Hate stuck up people
Was quite impressed with the #Train rendition of Zep's Ramble On at tonight's #Ford event.
what's up ?
you need to make pizza with eggplant! It's wonderful! I just use that and tomatoes with a tiny bit of sauce.
<3 baby you light up my world like nobody else <3
In four years of living very close to it, I have never been to Buford Middle School. Now I am blissfully awaiting the moment I can leave it.
I'm not focused on this homework at all
I'm going to be recording this Tuesday night, but I'm free otherwise.
My puppy is a ninja.
Proud auntie moment... Kenneth just read found the picture of ball in one of his books points to it and said 'ball'
Bass, Drums, Trumpet and a vocal processor... It's Mike Kaupa's Trio madness
Can you join us on Monday? DM me for more details.
Awesome photo, Mike! Cannot wait to see you and the crew at Pensacola Beach! Toes in the water, fanny in the sand.
have to sing..
your singing always makes my day. much love =)
#TruthIs Rihanna and Drake should just make an entire album together.
When I grow up I want to be June Cleaver
You know some of those "big things" we keep talking about? You should follow and wait to hear what they'll be ;)
The most EFFECTIVE+EFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 70-90 minutes & then take a REJUVENATION break. Rinse & repeat.
Sometimes I wanna confess my love for on twitter but I kno I'm jus another.. so I dont
You ready for May 20th??
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
It's ab to start guys!!!
I'm so jealous. Australia really seems to be awesome
Doesn't look good for the Tebowites.
tell it!
#YouKnowICareWhen when I spend my last few dollars on you.
Appreciate it! As I've always said, "When life throws ya lemonade, best drink that shit and pivot!" Actually, that was ;)
CSE 321, Physics 112, and Discrete Math. This is a gonna be a fun quarter!
Second day of the new year and still haven't finished writing my resolutions... maybe that should be my first one!
Officially off to hunt for a new apartment, maybe we'll get lucky and find one today!
I would just like to report, that from all the years i have been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire..
I kinda want a Mini Cooper!!
Damn this bands amazing!
"It's Hard 2 Let Go Of The Past, When It's Holding Sum Of d Best Memories"
Just saw a clip of the show while hard at work and had to say looked beautiful in that dress. Loved it!
Buffalo airport is boring
"I love it when the light hits these stones. They come alive with color. Thanks" - Izea from Tampa, Florida
Vance Middle School in Bristol is in the WCQR School Prayer Zone. Pray today for all the teachers, students, staff and families!
Getting ready for and spycraft session. Sitting in the room with all the other justifiably paranoid investigative report ...
I wish the weird girl that sits next to me in class would stop staring at me
So excited for you! Congrats! Butterflies? Nah. You're so ready to greet the world.
I am blessed.
tell Lohan her hair is too blonde...p.s. love the hashtag game!
looking for a job? I can ask and see if there's any
morning! Well, afternoon! Follow me please?! Lots of love
i always follow all my followers back so if u follow me ill definately follow u bck!!!
Do u like #beer? Would u like to see a #sitcom about #homebrewing? Well, you're in luck b/c it's coming soon from
Like the trainer said
That tornado was the shit.. Praying for all the people that are about to have the imapct.. <33
@ The United Nations "Messengers of Peace" Conference with Stevie Wonder and Michael Douglas
Happy St. Patty's Day!
KRSN reporting Sam's Club pulling fireworks as well.
I legit have awful service here... :( but I have gotten some calls through but you haven't picked up!
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are. Tim Menchen
REM has been gone for a long long time. In fact I thought they broke up pre-2000.
Feeling like crap, think I have a cold, sore throat and feel exhausted!
now is mad at me because I ate all the ice cream. Ugh eating problems causing relationship problems.
Thanks sweety & I most Humbly accept that from you! I think I did a very good job of listening & learning over the years!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
AH!! can't wait til tomorrow!!!!!! going to brenham!
Real time #transpo data tell me why! And use my trip patterns. Scraper wiki.
indians scattered on dawn's highway bleeding. ghosts crowd the young child's fragile eggshell mind.
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true were really true, there would be little hope of advance. - Orville Wright
#HurricaneIrene Projected to make landfall by 2pm Saturday as Category 3 Hurricane
B careful.
I love my Mondays... Hate having to go to school tuesday -_-
New products in town! Helping people to better health and wealth!
- loved the article. Totally agree with you. I believe US is the leader in the world market of craft beer producers.
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed!
the behind the scenes math that does :)
Yum, #CincodeMayo dinner=creamy kale, chicken & poblano tacos w/ side of black bean quinoa w/sunflower seeds&glass of wine!
a game tester so you need to be aware of this
Molly sent...another Molly!
Two Days till shooting in Cyprus.
I like turtles but I love cats
Making homemade potato soup m
ok I'll help you lol
TR Garland, winner of Bob Burg’s prestigious “Go-Giver Award” is our guest today. Networking questions? He's got the answers! Join us!
Wasting this beautiful day at work </3
Some people just won or lost a ton of $
Going to tonight for my birthday! I repeat: going to tonight! Cannot wait.
Temple will be closed starting Dec. 24th and will reopen on Jan. 4th. Happy holidays!
Good morning tweeps! Happy Fryday! I think I'm going to have a Sausage McMuffin w/ Egg this morning, yumm! What are you having?
I agree, thanks for the comment
Do they franchise or take investors? I want some of that action.
Ill be making canolis in your honor at my #rhonj viewing party!!!
Last night I watched a very dark Channel 4 trilogy #Red Riding 1974. It was very engaging.
hope you and Claire have a snuggly afyernoo
Happy to have and Ionut in the zipongo office this week to help with some exciting product changes!
and the tub is prob annoyed cuz of that dirt ring u gonna leave!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just tapped Dogfish Head Aprihop IPA.
HAVING MONEY IS A GOOD FEELING!!!
lol same here :)
hey now!!! I can't wait for both!!! That's gone be HOTT!! Eventho both shoulda had both already LOL
Accidentally stepped on the cat. He didn't seem to mind.
TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A! GONNA BE CRAZY!!!
la californie :p
So I'm at the subway station on Raymond and broad waiting to see the director of the Batman movie
get to see this boy tomorrow, it'll be a first !
Anne Tyler~ Ive never quite believed that one chance is all I get.
Thank you everyone who came out to the NY show last night! So much fun to be so close to Staten Island!
Gmail down for 10 min. This is the end, people! The cloud is a lie! Technology is a false god! I'm heading for the woods!
I know. It's crazy. That quote by Scott Turrow about how dangerous it is for Hathi Trust to have the books on their servers... ugh!
For those of you are looking for Holiday cards, I just posted a new one on my artfire shop!
Peter is considering taking a walk around Greenlake today or maybe Sunday. Any takers?
I take it everything back.
Currently writing for Recruiting for Good
I like a guy who puts a little work into his look. Someone who has a sense of style and energy.
Reminder that the post conference social will be held at McSorley’s Old Ale House on 15 east 7th street.
The first 4 to follow my other account I'll follow back! Please follow <3
I'm exhausted. I sure wish I could have a relaxing day at work
Meant to hit you back. Done.
Omg I'm sorry !!!! I have to bring the gas guzzaler and mrs werenette put me on the freakin spot ! -_-
Am I the only person in #ABQ NOT doing tomorrow? As a consolation, I guess I can go splash around in the Rio Grande.
Morn fam!! Be blessed today!! RT : good morning to you have a great day
they also have bubble hockey. we should hit it up soon.
I'm done but i have one next period
I love U my dear! xoxo
That awkward moment when #Gotye looks and sounds EXACTLY like Chris Isaak circa 1990 and I'm the only one who sees it.
you think it's big pun huh? lol
Such beautiful light out right now. Love the fall and the long shadows.
PP giving #Celtics version of Jack promotion is better than Donnie Walhberg. At least he's not dabbing JT court side #Kobe'd
hello yourself
I think that I want to find out the monetary/mathematics behind penny websites.
Fitness Tip: Into those Golden Years - An Associated Press survey found that more than 60 percent of Americans don't want to live to 100...
If I ever feel better, remind me to spend some good time with you.
that was a quick trip! I am good. :)
hey!..I just messaged you..unfortunately it did not :(
theses subs from walmart tho>
Mouse, Red Ripe Strawberry & Big Hungry Bear. Amos & Boris.Sylvester & Magic Pebble.Somebody Loves You Mr. Hatch.Tacky the Penguin
Once again its just to good to be true... :/ well... Okay.
... Do it! give us your first tweet!
“Everything evens up, you just wait, Even a garbage can gets a steak, You ain’t even a garbage can, you have faith!”- Jay Z
Cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice
Good reminder. When you put '@' sign right at the beginning of your tweet, it will only be "seen" by that 1 person.
haha all good homi, no worries. let me know what you think and feel free to be honest. cant get better if people bullshitin
#sister in town this weekend! Big plans!!
A big thank you to our sponsor for helping make this year's Seattle Twestival a reality
In my 50's.
hey can u follow ? It's me still, I made a new account cause this one is acting really funny.
U already know I'm ready Fam! :)
I wish I had the patience to wait until the season is over to watch in one sitting - it really is the best way.
I want an official RedRyder carbine action two hundred shot range model air rifle!(that's what my unborn boy wants for Christmas He told me)
breakfast, day 2.
The moon tonight is almost as neautiful as you are
Thanks for the #FF mention! Your inflating my ego by putting me in the same tweet as and
Amazing, right? A couple who Cheryl and I were talking to said, "Well, there goes a little, black dog." And sure enough!
First time we've been outside all day hehe
you first
Gotta love
Nice! He's a good guy to know. , aren't we getting a little cocky there, sir?! :) JK. You know more ppl than me.
that's what's up man! I like that broken arrow tee! I would buy one as a fan but I feel weird wearing a tee that's not mine. Lol
Just got a 50% off coupon for the Adidas employee store. Looking forward to going shopping this weekend!
NYC... And BIG
just be sure to thank Claudia for her inspiring management class.
HaPpI FATHERS DaY TO aLl WhO dEserve it I love YaLl Even ThOugh i GrEw Up WitHoUt oNe My MothEr IS a vErY StRong WoMen who Iz BoTh
That's probably the cutest thing I've ever heard. Your cats are expert models. :)
How many pieces of gum can chew?
check that. the horse is 12-1 now.
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years. - Deepak Chopra
RT : Mad love and respect to all the moms with cancer I've met here on Twitter. Including the ones no longer here.
I needa miracle to get me outta this one.
Watching Eat Pray Love with my best friend. This is a really good movie!
Rockin' the Rainbow with
I like it, but u can do more on FB. So have you defected from FB entirely?
1) Souls are delicious and must be consumed. 2) Meat is poison and must be avoided.
I don't let them. I love the game. It's fast. Constant movement. Excitement. It's worth it to me. :)
How is it only Tuesday? It feels like Thursday.
$6 #CherryBlossom Martinis and a specialty cherry tart at Buddha-Bar DC! Love being festive for the Cherry Blossoms!
COMING SOON: Daily tweets from the American Botanical Council!
I missed you! Did you miss me!? =)
enjoying the last day of the WHA Training Program in Mexico City
Don't give up <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Generally, top-fermenting - "ales" - are more complex with fruity characteristics; bottom-fermenting - "lagers" - have a cleaner finish.
Nice dinner with and friends. It'd been too long!
wish i had plans for tonight, but i have to serve tomorrow morning...
Same to you Max!
I'd like to nominate for my favorite knitting blogger.
bet sounds good. Ready when you are. Peace
my cat just fucked my shit up.
HIS LIPS ARE DRIPPING HONEY, BUT HE'LL STING YOU LIKE A BEE.
Until today I was home-schooled. But I won this election and life's changing for the better.
you are now the poet laureate of my auto-breaking heart
thanks for the shoutout! :)
Bus crashed on 3rd and Yesler. Be careful in those hills!
thx to i am now following every music/librarian/foodcart/writer feed in #ATX and beyond....gettin my Twitter on!
teach me how to dougie, teach me teach me how to dougieee.
La Quinta "cop": this is your first warning. : so we have two more?
guys, I think it's time to change your password.
Lol this girl is watching something on her computer and typing on her iPad.
My 800th tweet goes to ! LOVE YOU CHICKKYYY(:
Taking a day off from post today. Things are coming along.
My boy Burnett got it done. For the record, Burnett was my HRod last year, but has done a 180 in '12.
and the girl was like, "i love you austin." and austin was like, "i've always loved you." OMG ITS FUCKING ADORABLE OK.
Ommg!!! I'm going there later(:
Writing an album..no big deal
Back stage getting ready to graduate!!!
you're one ugly attention whore
BUDGET WEEK: Amd #178 by Republican Leader Jones eliminates prescription drug coverage from health care reform
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 8
haha you should have been there. :)
Wish we could- That sounds like a lot of fun!
“: "Really doe!" ( voice)” i had the brew she had the chronic...the lakers beat the supersonics. it was a good day.
LOL ... If close to a computer, I'll google the word to avoid embarrassing myself!
"I saw a girl wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?"
Can't sleep been trying for 2 hours
the video was amazing, oh and you like my user name ;) <21
But ppl still do RT : We have cell phones, laptops, and vehicles with built in GPS...there is no excuse for getting lost!
If you walk in on your parents in the act of making you a sibling I know that's
I don't like it when my Chunty is like this. :c
Gotta match mine. RT “: #Capricorn likes people with ambition.”
awww! where's the rainbows in this imagery!!!
Pollo Tres Chiles: grilled chicken breast topped with tangy bell pepper and jalapeno demi glaze!
Some respect has been lost.
Blackman has an immediate need for a Temporary Corporate Finance attorneys for one of our corporate clients. Please contact me for details.
Fried pickles = my favorite thing in life
I'm paranoid when it's late at night. Anyone else?
Action is the foundational key to all success
Stomach y u hurt
We love to see what our potential fanatics are up to! How was your weekend?
just got off work...
Your "journalsarticles" tab seems to be doing the trick.
lol, can't wait for another song to come out!(:<3
did that run at commerce?
oh i WISH i could have all of you together in a room, like a big'ol fam reunion lol
After 3, Century and Mayo tied at 3-all. Brown has thrown a lot of pitches. Guessing he won't go more than 5.
thanks! best wishes.
Thank you to all our supporters. Even to our haters, we love you.
Need new radio
Muh new #twitterbackground is so LEGIT. gotta love GUMMY BEARS <3
I'm a tweet u my video
Oh noww you're at home and he don't call, cause he don't adore ya <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> 1D <U+2764><U+2764>
Hi Jessica, we'd love for you to stop by and say Hello! Booth
love you both!! Feliz back at ya
Daylight Saving Time is UNNATURAL I tell you.
How was Sunday's run?
Best opening: "this is not part of a larger work."
I am fondalo. The juggernaut keeps rolling.
SEE? It's good to meet us! #weloveattention RT : Good to meet you too!
im going the day before ,(hopefully)
When ur with som1 they need 2b proud of u when ur at high points in life n supportive when ur goin thru the low. but Always proud 2 b with u
what do the Giants need to make it to the playoffs?
I don't hold the Bible in the same way that you do, apparently.
Something sneaky is going on right now...
ok. I don't remember that show very much.
love you both! Jeremy come visit me!!
Just got up and still sleepy
his Saturday's Alverno Presents performances with the David Zambrano Soul Project has moved from Todd Wehr Auditorium to MSOE's Kern Center
use a cleanser that contaions glycolic acid or a .5 to 2% salicylic acid like Neutrogena oil-free acne wash.twice a day to unclog pores.
what you been up to ....
did Khloe & Lamar have a kid?
lol i was so confused. Thanks :) it was good. Good shit
Funny. That's exactly how I phrased my last request for a raise.
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(9)
White people can be so awkward sometimes.
Kenny Smith said should be most improved player this year totally agree with him #GoSpursGo!!
My dad asks me to stand on his back to crack it o.O ": When my dad asks me to scratch his back... OH DAD <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"
i would call him Wolfe O_O
yes.. 51 is hard to forget... nightmare-like
I guess I'll have to give it another try. I have looked at it a couple times, but it didn't do anything for me
#SprintAfterShow #AskChristina This is a question for Can you please duet with again?! :)
#student Get Free Scholarship Money by Writing an Easy Scholarship Essay
Cheap Trick opens for Aerosmith at the Hollywood Bowl this summer. Is it 1978 again? (Also: Barry Manilow and Glenn Campbell!)
All about 4/20 marijuana holiday
Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
yeah, but ya can't beat watching an Olmsted documentary on the big screen IN an Olmsted park.
nospectacle DJ set for opening reception of Rust Belt to Artist Belt I conference. Tonight 6-9 pm.
Hanging with Jim Kuzmich at his office in Gilbert Az
: ya has had a good selection, glad to see they're targeting us #desi people!
WHY AM I ALWAYS SO FUCKING HUNGRY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
More magic of Disney: bus pulls away just as I walk up. Driver smiles because, well, isn't that funny?
if it was up to me, I'd be living near
Their performance wasn't that bad tho! :D But it kinda makes me mad how the judges never point out their mistakes! -_-
Twitter, FB. LinkedIn chat now during "Optimizing social media - join the "click"" workshop
The reason why s.o. visits a museum drives what they do at the museum for that visit. #Aam2011 j. Falk
i think everyone should help trend #OhioWantsAustinMahone even if u dont live there. everyone deserves to meet him<3(:
I'm gonna get a tattoo of Calvin peeing on a tattoo artist tattooing an image of Calvin peeing on an image of Calvin peeing
Stay blessed my ninjaa.
I wish I could get a tweet form you :)
Tickets will be going on sale for both the Wizard of Oz and RENT productions on Monday go to www.questacting.com 2 buy ur seats r limited
WOAH! NO! This is my first tweet in two days! Pretty sure that's a record!
Same to you, Ksyn! :) RT : Happy Holidays to my agents/agency
DO YOU LIKE COOKIES? because everytime you freestyle on austream you mention them. MAKE A WHOLE FREESTYLE RAP ABOUT COOKIES :)
- MHP dress code for Black safety!!! I love it...Mauve or salmon!!!
- #May17th A Star Was Born ! <3™
Hell yeah! Thanks for hooking me up today, glad to have a UK exclusive. =)
What, there are cow pies on the swimming pool lifts? Don't make my day even longer!
I second that!!! RT: : is my guy... Follow this man!
Ayo, I just got my application. GET YOURS
Most niggas think they real now a days...lmao retarded ass nigga cant even spell REAL!
Bad Girls Club!!! <U+E418>
Daily Muse: "Say what you think-Not what you think you should say!"
The final Harry Potter movie was so amazingly good, I forgot what they forgot to include.
Hi Mscayo... I know you sent me a shout out weeks ago... But, I just want to say thanks! I've been gone for a while...
#MedecoNexgenXT web programming allows for flexible system management
does Austin follow you
is class, gym, mix, class
Happy hour 3pm to 8pm. $2 Miller bottles, $3 TALL Rails and $5 TALL sweet carolina sweet tea cocktails. Perfect for the patio or A/C inside
I'm watching the Nats games. From the ABC-WJLA booth.
AMEN! RT : Seriously how does anyone sleep without a fan??...
Get ready for some garage rawk people. Rawkadeus is at garage bar Friday night 8PM before DJ Abyss dances your night away.
umm you wont see this but...i love you like theirs no tommorrow!
RT : #giants #Super Bowl
One of the most important food groups on the pyramid.... grilled cheese. Which is precisely why will be at fEASTival 2012!!
now you respond
PA Wont have him. We were glad to be done with him last time. He a misogynistic hateful pig. We already took out the trash.
tim tebow come to jets nation we need you on the team you could be the man i'n jets nation
Melancholy wells up my niny.
Restore us, O God, let your face shine, that we may be saved -Psalm 80
WARNING TO INVESTORS: It seems #ClearWire does NOT care about the $$$ you invested! Because they DON'T care about customers! ( #WiMax)
perhaps that not winning a SB was a bit drastic but I still contend that Wolfe was much more aggressive to get things done
Uh oh. You fall off the wagon?
Why waste so much time meditating on the lies of the flesh & enemy? Fix your focus on what GOD said about you! His words are truth and life!
I just wish NJ had a good team to play -_- I hate the playoff system right now
Global trend of supply rising likely means Int'l student cash cow days numbered for US
Dope remix homie!
So, in the #Avengers universe. why would you ever live in a densely populated area?
....i dont know but yours should anyway........yum ;)
and I are friends on Facebook... I feel special. :) <3
:] Can't wait till Christmas, Too bad Teeco can't come & I can't contact Divia, Kenya, and Adam. :c
ALEX HOW WAS YOUR DAY ?! :D
Random Fact: Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes. I will let u make ur own application. // That's it! Selling my donkey!.
RT : "If Excel is marijuana, then Access is heroin," Drugs for DataNerds? Matt Carroll, Boston Globe.
Have a great birthday!
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: "it's not all bad."
#3 - Randy Parraz - This week we will follow as he targets AZ & Sen. Russell Pearce for recall
I wish you would notice me in the millions of fans you have. Never say never
I am not aware of that literature.
oh my god D: this wall is covered with seriously like 100 moths D: #Mothocalypse P.L.U.R.<3
is this just one game? Guys playing for their spots on roster? Fantasy stats? ...and on a Sunday...
nothing much, just going to visit some of my family that are passing by here! you?
And then it got BETTER- Spotify just introduced me to the R.E.M. cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan
- you are probably right!
I'm buying big time into the "Nick Punto's a guy you want on your team" hype. So much so that I'm suggesting he pitches the 11th.
#nccetl librarians need to be curriculum leaders/modify learning activities to reflect changed info landscape
Yum!! Recipe?
not a damn thing watching finding nemo with MaJur wyd?
just heard a gun shot... unless it was a cannon. gotta love KC.
says: we need to take a fresh look at city government
congratulations! Do u fallow fans?
The AUC is the worse pageant I've seen on campus so far .....smdh
Almost killed my charger forgot that my phone is connected..
your team your High school your colors your pride @ www.varsityjackets09.com
Thanks for both those links on #futrchat. Pretty interesting. But is nipplesatthemet really a thing? Or just fun?
First time on the Newark lightrail.
Now that’s integrity. #politics #2012 RT Ron Paul Spokesman: Candidate Unlikely To Ever Endorse Romney
in what way was that advice? It was a comment, that's all. :). Sorry you took offense!
My mom compared just compared Tim to Edward Cullen. I don't think she knows what white people are.
How did I get your tweet. I don't follow you.
Equip your employees to be brand ambassadors. Training is key!
yea man that used to drive me insane
Stay tuned this afternoon for the TOP FIVE things everyone should know about Mifflin
yeah I'm fine, why?
I'm seriously tired of people stepping on me. I'm done being nice.
Here goes another morning of being pissed...
see you in a bit =) get ready for boot camp heh
you at the game? Ball count for me - 1
“ Who wants a dream that's near-fetched? ” Howard Schultz (1953 – ) American businessperson Chairman of Starbucks
yeah I'm down!
Getting ready to head out to for another #SportingKC victory.The smell of 3 points is in the air.
I think i know why...
Avengers this Saturday is a must
There is no point talking to someone who only knows the talking points of their ideologies without doing research on the facts
somebody bout to go metta world peace during this lexington Chester county game
My cousin birthday coming up !
woo babe way 2 be!!!
Joining us next:
I had the preview set to medium--thanks again.
#iwantMandyback ~ come on make it happen :)! hope U'r smiling today :)! take care :)
Don't encourage her! Unless she plans on sharing...
ha! i saw this!! she's so happy she cries...love it!
Life seems dull this morning after last night's concert.
Lamborghini Mercy Your chick she so thirsty
I wanna steal my professor's brain.
hm i wonder what was thinking when he made the song down to earth..hm
Sweet! How do I get started?
"How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains"-John Muir
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
I just saw it. Yes, I want them. :)
Why u not come to Florida??!?!?!
Why do I always pick the slowest grocery line!? scan then bag. Repeat.
Great night and I see someone is still hating on me hahah it's kew the fire should die down soon
Good lord...
the VW's front seats are just as bad. Ima check out the Tesla and report back.
Oh u did? Sorry honey I turned off my phone around 3pm my time...to enjoy my ME time. DM me ur #
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
What it do
And it was a whole lot of meat! :)
Correct, Sir! RT : Who cares to join me tonight at it's $1 burger night correct?
There ain't no deal worth that kind of wait on a cold November night. People are crazy!
i will now, that i know what it does. Thanks
RT Who is ready for the stage ? It's going down in 12 days!
:) I love you
I'm not arguing, I'm just putting people in their place
Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" passed away this morning. Who remembers the first time they read this book?
#RadioWaves will be performing at Athens Park in Los Angeles tomorrow 8/25 at 7pm. Wear your t-shirts!! :)
Thanks to for listing in your Hire a Flyer Weekly Spotlight!
thank you, you're so sweet :)
Tell me what u want, what u really really want!!! RT : Two spice girls songs in a row... Really really???
ALBUM COMING FALL 2012...
Does he still have "Disco Friday" pregame music blasting in the clubhouse?
Damn, puppy all went to sleep on me.
we're heading out for a cocktail. Join us!
are you the real courtney
Last minute #EDC - sounds good to me - can always use a good excuse to have fun with good friends. Life isn't boring that's for sure
I am so excited about The New iPad
sounds like trouble, but I bet he is a dapper dresser too
Autumns spending the night . :)
ur reply was so late.. :)
oh yeahh yeah its friday!!!!
It is pretty dumb. I still don't get why people do this instead of Facebook status updates.
“: Lady at the airport told me I was cute and my big ol eyes made her upgrade my flight to Honolulu for free!" Well-played sir!!
He took me out for chinese and then we went to his house <3
Shots shots shots!
": you've struck out before. Thats an error." Everybody make fun of her
I'm thinking it's time for me to work on a play
It's crazy.
there are people in there working. Let's go bang on the doors
so he tweets a lot? it's not like he's actually affiliated with the University. he's some dude.
Huge DP Fan. I started way back when Dibbs and The Show Killer had a McNugget eating contest. 7 yrs ago?
well isn't that quite dope
afternoon Robert, congratulations on getting into the top 300
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you...That ain't tryna love you baby just...instead.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Are you okay love??
interesting! Ill be at try outs.lol
Love watching Iron Man
Is it sad that I hope the same happens to me so I don't have to finish writing it?
Smells like opening day!
Save old grocery lists & recycle old meal plans.
women’s music functioned as “metonym for lesbian feminist values in terms of politics, identity, community, and music."
He has killed this team
Readyy to get this night started !!! <3
After finishing dinner, he says "son, can you play me a memory, I'm not really sure how it goes." Dad, we're at Applebee's.
You can't catch me or I already would have done it.
Cool Peter, looks like I'm retiring in about a month. Can you get me a job in the movies, perhaps shoveling skitter poop? JK
DcAssault 15s,16s,17s will be at full strength this weekend at Big Shots Tourney at run
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch! We have a variety of gourmet food and drink items to complement our breads which are made daily.
Lmao Walnut B Just found Out How Niggas From The Meadows Get Down!!
Damn I wish I was there!!
So y does this bird run away from a car instead of jus flying way??
I'm too lazy to take this shit downstairs
On a separate note, I feel it is going to be a long season for our
RT: : Electric cars create less pollution than gasoline-powered #cars, #ecofriendly alternative!
It is National Arts Education Week! Come say hello today at the Tenderloin Community school at the Arts Education Resource Fair!
I'm about 90% sure I'll use Microsoft Office less than 10% the rest of my life when it comes to personal needs. Loving iWorks!
I wish I could give a specific date, still working with one arm and leg.. I'll try to make it a day you're there though.
#NP - Baptism By Fire
I work for the University of Oregon!
Didn't no one area on the ACT could drop my score so drastically!
About to go see The Hunger Games in downtown Abq
Call to a cocktail conversation!! What do you consider to be a #classic #cocktail???? Or even your favorite #cocktail???
Good! Do they sedate kiddos 4 MRIs? Will keep my fingers crossed 4 Friday!!!
I'd love to try the Baudelaire iO. Is there any place I can get it in the Chicago area?
Did you make it home? Hope you had a good trip! Thanks again for coming to #MNEarthDay!
I am thinking about getting a Honda CR-V LX Automatic for a new car!
Leaving the Fogo. I'm so full, the wrong smell right now will make me vomit.
I'm Sleepy
May 19th opening RT : Had a good meeting today with some of my peeps, lots of excitement ahead in 2012!
Peter Galison, Professor at Harvard, on the Collective Author and attribution
(Mike Curtis was) ...a purist - totally dedicated to football and to winning... Bill Curry former Center, Baltimore Colts
I wonder if the Queen of #bubbletea has #tapioca #pears on her crown
thought I had to poop. all I did was fart in the toilet.
I really wanna go to Los Angeles..!
Rude people suck! How dare this guy curse at me & hang up on me when i'm trying to help him. Well i'm done now passed it on to Bossman! :)
#Oregon's neon yellow/green socks look like 80's leg warmers...having #FlashDance movie flashbacks.
I don't know what hn is but I will drive the crap out of it.
By popular demand a few VIP reserved tables with champagne (or other drinks) are available at the Hilton Concord New Years Eve Party.
Another night on the town with Rebecca at a hockey game after dinner at in Market Square. We won the game in OT!
Marlins need a closer (my fantasy teams hate you, Heath Bell!)...think they'd give us Reyes for K-Rod?
Global resolution: cure public buttcrack.
watching a hilarious one-sided argument on twitter where only one person is tweeting angrily and the other not responding
Oh ok
just finished 3 hours of rehearsing for my shows in may. my neighbors must be real sick of this music by now.
*head explodes*
#Contest coming soon.... Stay tuned!
Man, what a day. Now I'm gonna sink my jaws back down into The Raw Shark Texts - an addictive read!
Haley Reinhart's Hometown Supporters Thought She'd Make 'American Idol' Finale
drugs... But they got them.
Seeking to forget makes exile all the longer the secret of redemption lies in remembrance.
How r u not following this guy already? RT Can a brother get one more follower to make an even 500. Or am I asking for to much?
Goodnight Everyone!
Only One Thing To Say: Goodbye, Sophomore Year, Hello Summer 2012! (:
thanks for the follow..i hope im not in trouble!
I wish that would notice me someday even tho i doubt it will happen...but #neversaynever :) !
Y'all do realize its already a Wiz Khalifa right so why y'all trynna mimic that man jokers
Today is #NationalTequilaDay! Celebrate in moderation and only with the good stuff!
I'm glad the the #SCNotTop10 is on youtube so I have something to entertain me during this class
I have to get up in 4 hours fml
Be sure to check out Act Nat's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald @ 10pm this Thurs, Nov 3rd when he appears on NBC's great new series "Prime Suspect"!
I could do that, especially if you meet me at ! What do you think?
it's too early to say such things...
I have tons of recipes and advice. I'm going to start blogging more about my experiments, too.
I want to go to your church!
HANNAH! OH MY GOSH...that's the worse place too ): put some aloe on that asap
Great gig tonight with the B3 and the Burly Q Band! What a fun time!
ABSOLUTELY! RT : We need to teach students that artifacts are more than illustrations for text.
So happy that I "found" some great photos of my great-grandfather, but I didn't find them. My grandmother saved them for me. <3 grandmas!
Follow back
Sore Throat? Flu? Gargle w/ CloSYS 4 times dailly. Soak toothbrush in CloSYS each night. Kills the strep & germs! www.closys.com/flu.html
Welcome to Denver! Loved/Hated watching you at SDSU (I'm a Lobo fan) but couldn't be more excited to have you as a Bronco!
hope he will reply to you. :)
It's so beautiful in Boston!
How many peppers in a peck of pickled peppers?
Gaaahh. This weekend is gonna be loud. Can't fucking wait till 3:15 tomorrow
we will have the menus out soon. What I've heard so far from the chefs sounds amazing!
the book on zero is amazing
3am and I'm...still...eagerly digging through statements/receipts in search of deductions. Damn you self-employment tax, you're crushing me.
yeah, you should check out their new cd, good stuff.
Hey! not much! hbu?
Wow first call today - phones could be getting better. We are lucky we have jocks on live except middays and late nights.
Getting my omega 3's Anchovies and Olives
lol dude nice new vid!and thanks so much for thaat shoutout!!!!means a lot!
would never do that ha things are very well, thank you! when are you making your way down to socal? how are things with you?
When Mitt Romney speaks with his left hand in his pocket, he's probably not being completely honest. Or, he's itchy.
All it took was the Governor and State Attorney getting involved to solve TWC/MSG dispute
let's go
MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU...
just said "what's the downside of taxing?" You can't make this stuff up.
uhm lets you're BEAUTIFUL! so shut up. Please <U+E405>
aw do you remember moes by whitney young back in the day?
Did everyone have a nice weekend? Have new audio coming tomorrow for the podcast, so please keep us in your sight! Thanks :-)
What's your favorite house track right now?
so Stoney's closed tonight and the party is at Revolver!!! Maybe every Wed!!!
just for fun, let's pretend it was scott
i love ur new twitter name xD
yes!! Special for Valentines Day. I hit the day after sales and grabbed em up.
Everytime UK has ball it seems they are trying to top whatever highlight dunk they did the play before
Yeah we're striving but what are we really reaching for?
When do want it
Congrats for a top 5 finish in the car tonight!
Are you alone this Christmas? Girl, treat yourself. Dinner and a movie. Then drive the neighborhood gawking at Christmas lights. Luv ya!
Carah had let me listen to WMYB in Language Arts today and she shut off the computer I was ticked omg
Had a stomach virus..feeling a lot better..Thank you lord..
eww you piss close to somebody. Ewe yuck did you smell like piss ?
Late lunch at
c'mon! he says it was unintentional. If that's unintentional, imagine what he would've done if he meant it!!!
-good to see you last week - sorry we didn't get more time to talk!
sorry Marcus :( I know you're disappointed but it is what it is.
Congrats on the Big win tonight and knocking in the game winning RBI!!
It's a little more vague: "is a person enrolled and in actual attendance at an institution of higher education."
well isn't that what twitter is for? PS come visit us!
Was hoping to meet you on the boat. Too much fun and too much chaos. Thanks for the follow.
yeah you should come to America :)
These idiots so shook to grab the last slice of pizza when boss orpingtons in the room. They looking skinny too smh.
Also, someone needs to develop a sports bra for men. The PGA Tour would be on that immediately
Rest in Piece, Dick Clark. Thank you for all the memories :)
So we are going to make a video tonight!
at voices for children gala 2012 at Mandrian Oriental
We are looking forward to seeing you in August, Oliver! Where else will you be visiting during your big trip?
while I appreciate the superlatives, everyone knows I would never lose to either of you in ping pong. Come on now
I'm like so bored
oh yeah I remember now! Lol
“: Waiting for #civilunions bill to be intro'd & assigned to cmte which may determine its fate today #coleg #specialsession”
Come join us.
dont take me serious.
I'll Try!
My first stage kiss was with my friend Jenny. We were laughing so hard I bit her lip and she bled everywhere.
Morning run was awesome! Feeling incredible! So happy I made myself do it this morning.
Haha yeah!! & January 12th at the UCF arena in Orlando...... SKILLET!! I can never get enough of them :P
my wife and I are recreating the time magazine cover for my moms mothers day card ...hope she likes it
Congrats 2 Jay C. from D.C. for winning the millionth shot of ass juice
What is the most generous thing you can do today which involves giving without money being involved? Generosity attracts love energy.
Prob when ran through the room shakin like a mad man! We liked 's animal-like shake too!
On my way to see for the 3rd time in 3 months!
I didn't know that jazz studies was even offered as a major, that's neat! Is he almost done with school?
Sick of the #pennstate / #sandusky efforts to spin and cover their butts. Let's find out what really happened, do what's right, and move on
great meeting you tonight. Finally home in SB.
whats your gamertag for xbox bud ? :)
Vanelis speedy recovery babe, much love !
I Love Beachbody! (Just putting it out there, Lol) :-)
video shoot on sat in beverly hills wanna come?
Tickets are just $10 for internationally known aviation photographer Jay Miller @ the balloon museum on sat. 3/3 @ 2pm.
looks like your naked in that pic from last night from Behind loll! Feel it in my bones playing on south beach now:))
I am sounds great!!!!
Participate in the culture and medium you are designing for.
*Sleeping* im tired...
Learning all about F&B in fair school! Making & proud!
if I were famous I would do golden nuggets adverts for FREE they're that good
So bored -___-
thanks for the shoutout!
Prepping for TechForum Chicago and two panels I'm moderating.
I don't sing because I'm happy; I'm happy because I sing. ~William James
thanks Kat! It was good to be home when that call came in :)
hayy vinny :D you should have a dance class in DC <3.
I just landed in LA and I'm staying right next to Would love to grab drinks sometime this week if you're not too busy.
Things happen. I don't subscribe to -it's for the best, or there's a reason. I'm stoically accepting it and not asking why's.
oh crap I forgot xD and yes I have to get online to get em so then i'll make it c:
Tuning and polishing controls. Otherwise there's always something I didn't do on one project or another.
damn im high
I think I'm going to tackle Kamen Rider Black, out of the OG ones he seems the coolest.
“: in the time it took me to write 2 songs today, the Super Bass video got over 5,000 plays. boom to boom "loved it!!!"
that's what I'd end up doing haha
Yeah sorry I realized that right after I sent it!
Please DM me if anyone has an extra ticket to
Straight up I hate Casey Veggies and always will .
Change Positions.
So to appease all #trek #bodyofproof fans... I did say 'rarely'... in that tweet about the brain removal... I AM a #trek fan! ;)
holler at me if y'all scout out the competition. I might watch too.
ill do it. Youll never do it lol
I do love going home to visit and then leaving... Cleveland will always be home.
I still haven't heard from them, when should I expect a call or email reply?
JR SMITH!!
get better soon kiki
TGIF! WOW! is still in the running for winning #AmericanIdol! Chula Vista is bursting at the seams w/excitement!
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
exciting week of news ahead: rare peak into what the world's governments already know about each other
At my cousin's graduation party in san Jose I was forced to dance but at least it was to baby:)
I just went hardcore creeping
ALL DJ'S THAT WANNA MAKE THIS MONEY AND MAKE A KILLING OUTSIDE OF CLUBS AND TRAVEL THE WORLD AND BE MARKETED, CONTACT ME. WE WANNA SIT DOWN
I'm a double agent. Corporate law office stooge by day, epic adventurer by night.
Go Ducks!
Mark Twain cautioned, "Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make...
Having a panic attack rn
I wish more #famous or #rich people would have the guts to be arrested like #georgeclooney to fight for human rights, especially children
$150K in cash prizes! RT : announces that Ocular Imaging Challenge is open for innovation
No dead truck battery today. This is an improvement.
Come on man, you didn't jam out to Sammy? Regal. Car Sales. And Credit. We got it :P
Damn it, I've just had another brilliant idea.
I will never let my son play organized football.
#BREAKINGNEWS: Not confirmed, student live on FOX 12 says Woodburn High School fire started by students lighting hand sanitizers on fire.
im sorry about that, if I would have noticed it I would have said something. But I'm glad we are good.
In for the night Yee Yee
Woohoo the Party is starting!
my wife loves her 11" MBA, it's too small for my eyes, though. I'm waiting to replace 6.5-yo laptop with next-gen 13 or 15" MBA
please come to San Antonio soon.<U+2764>
Shoutouts 2 ALL my followers new & old....at work grinding it out!
They're really fun, but I realize it's not healthy to enjoy doing that kind of damage to one's body.
I Know I'm Random =)
EP is coming along really well. Props to him
Follow These Tips To Become Successful At Online Marketing ...
but you see how the "thoughts?" prompt totally worked just now?
RT Hey, #Philly! Remember the #Aquarium at the Water Works? Join us Wed, Sept 21, 5:30pm for a look back!
Feeding grandkids and at the same time leaning dialogue and new songs.
I was watching Pulp Fiction and I couldn't recognize Samuel L. Jackson so I covered his left eye with my hand the entire time.
Five days of travel. Thanking God for a break from that combat zone.
Wish my neighbor would shut her <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>up
Ha sure x)
Thinking that immigration reform all starts with closing our southern border. But who has the cojones to do it?
oh ok
Looks like April is bringing about lots of changes... New neighborhood, new studio apt.. Next new job...??!!! :-)
SON! That KISS >>>
This weekend at Cinematheque: Role Models Thurs-Sat at 7 PM (and a special matinee Sun at 2), and Rachel Getting Married Thurs-Sat at 10 PM
Decide carefully, exactly what you want in life, then work like mad to make sure you get it! - Hector Crawford
"why are you screaming?" ..."there's a big..spider in the bathroom." oh my goodness
a glass of wine and project runway. life is good. ;)
The world can't hold me, too much ambition.
How is your hairline ashy?
Great, you? RT HEY HEY HEEEEYYYYY how are you??
what's in the morning?
trying to just trim a video is like not getting a virus on microsoft windows, impossible.
Just made red velvet pancakes with mix from the griddle. Not bad, but rather go there for them. #pancake pleasures
don't put that evil on me Ricky Bobby
you're an interesting group. Some healthy skepticism. Let's see where this goes ...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! We Love You <3 How Was Your Day ? Please Follow Me !?
Monday morning BAY AREA RETAIL ASSAULT...
Who has gotten their bellybutton pierced before?
Please un block me... :):):) I would like to be friends again...
so much for a cards yanks series
I think should either hire myself or to be his next caddy
o now that's a blessing lol
Ha i know! Now he's acting all pathetic cause he finally found me :p
That is an awesome goal! I'm impressed.
a delicious option for salad dressing and cooking! Yum!
Robert Harris (author of Ghost about Blair) shows parallels between the Rome of Cicero and the modern day in his "Imperium," a good read.
Need a roommate who can keep up their half of the bills foreal. Gotta get outta this house.
6 THINGS WE SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I want to go home.
My mom gets mad do easily and most of the time for no reason -_-
we can hope so there seems to be a lot of resistance though
Next Saturday night is the end of Daylight Savings Time. Set your clocks back one hour + also check your smoke detector batteries!
I got All-stars for Christmas. Love the commentary! Ordering amazon tonight from amazon.
. now speaking.
- I always record music, but only get to do string sessions every once in a while. A lot of work, but a total blast!
Ready to relax
thank you! You have a great day too.
Did I forget to mention that Mad Men is perfect....
Wish my day could've gone better •.•t
“: what a bitch lmfao”
11 for me
looking forward to it!
yep Peeta would have looked better init. I think we will see some GReen and gold next week in the freestyle next week
ya could have that 3rd quater but we gettin the game lets get it
just chilling in bed
An Interest is when you act when its convenient. Commitment is accepting no excuses, only results.
I would love to talk to you more about your program!!! I think it sounds wonderful. please email me at
yes it was so good!
Phil , nice informative video , thanks for sharing
what word? "Ruddy"? It should only be used to describe boy skin!
. you may continue with your #MothersDay celebration// Thx. I've got 4 kids. I'm thinking I deserve at least 1 day per kid.
u ready for tonight? u know the twitter world gone be hatin on Mamba!!!!
he must mean football
Good morning to our newest followers:
why the fuck is there advertisements everywhere
I found one buyer at .68, guess I'm looking for something higher than that.
The world will be a much darker place without You will be missed by all who knew you, Valerie. Rest in peace. :'(
no you're not I think they're great!
i love your music
everyone is trying to depend of science..just like now the married lez couple are using the brothers sperm to get prego
Nhl New puppy Gear for Small to medium sized Canine ...
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: The eternal glory of the State and our beloved Chairman Chris Othic! All Hail Chris Othic.
February 1st and it's 69 degrees out?!?
Arnie Gundersen,Chief Engineer Fairewinds,explains why San Onofre’s four defective replacement steam generators cannot safelyB repaired,
At Walmart looking like a hot mess.
Love is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
Same clothes as yesterday, still fly from yesterday......
But Vanessa Hudgens lost the HOTTEST guy ever.
#mlanet12 Trivia: Seattle, the city where Starbucks was born, but your two NPC co-chairs don't like/drink coffee.
its functional, powering lake express etc.
as a librarian, I say it's totally appropriate to shush an adult stranger.
took me most of the day but i finally caught up on all my work!
I only have like one? :P
ohh I'm looking forward to seeing what people say! You don't see many books like that!
fave plants to grow w/ kids? pumpkins - scratch their names in the rind
Thank you Mr. President!!!
The challenge is not to 'step outside your comfort zone' but to actually LIVE outside your comfort zone. That's where true evolution exists…
The #redsox just emailed the 9/17 game move to 4:10PM because of FOX. Good customer service. (this time)
You always was a black queen, mama
I am still a fan of techno tasking. I actually might adopt this into my secular vernacular.
Take care of your soul.
I never thought this day would come ! ;;( </3
Reminder: Art Committee is dressing the set up tonight for this weekend's shoot. Contact if you'd like to help!
I meant your raw supplies, the resins you use. We buy used bulk packaging, have a large secondary markets for boxes and FIBC's
Dear morning workout, is it possible we meet tonight for a nightcap at 9. I promise I will work extra hard. Thank you
Over/Under on # of times your interview with Cal will be played this week? "UK is the only team in the Commonwealth" 21...go
There is no denying that our nation is divided more than ever under the Obama Administration
My thoughts were busy today.
what is that? Choke in the 4th mode?
In a perverse variation of Keynes’s hypothetical cure for recession—
Haha! I'm Glad I Didnt Miss It! (:
Everyday a star is born & dats why B$E™ is a #Life_Changer follow us we follow back #Team_B$E
miss ya more!
Hmm...what time you headed down?
just got a new mix of a new song that we are very close to releasing. this shit is gonna be great. features S-Star of
We're going to have the best-educated American people in the world. -J Danforth Quayle
HELLO cameron! how r u?
Guilty pleasure-My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding-I know, I know
Wow, summer is here. Pella's Designer Series triple-pane = U-factor of .28 and SHGC of .24!!! Replacement by Pella emp. Call Jeff 362-0529!
The cab driver is rocking out to "I will survive". Bad breakup? Lol
Teach me how to scream(;
At the crib chyllin twitter followers was poppin...
A huge guy fell off his bar stool and landed on me shoving my rib cage into a table. Woke up with a nice bruise <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
is pretty much my favorite Earthling. I 1st saw Danny Trejo song on youtube and it was on like Donkey Kong ever since.
idk! Just get ur ass to my house whenever and me and lornaamompala will be waiting
NOW I CAN FINALLY FIT IN
RT : SERIOUSLY? Coachella 2013 tickets go on sale THIS week?! Is that a joke.
I messed up 3 of my nails on the way to an audition. Not having high hopes that I'll book this one.
Reading a few funny scripts for today's coachings...Good films will be coming out in 2010!!!
Yes, together.
yes please :) if I ever need help with my French homework, I'll come to you
Wow, that really puts things into perspective. I knew they were dense, but not *that* dense.
Just experienced my first Yom Kippur break-the-fast feast. Amazing & delish! Feels like I'll be atoning for my sins again tomorrow though.
In 24 hrs I'm gonna get Chuck'd stupid by and They can Chuck me all season long, baby.
Im so hungry :/
you could say that kind of. I've taken in these two and an opossum this spring so far but I can't do anymore or my mom's
aw. You didn't said nothing. Lol
Deforest's mason geary places 4th at state wrestling meet.
Hey, thanks for sharing. I liked "Peaks & Valleys."
"A song ain't nothin' in the world but a story just wrote with music to it"...Hank Williams Love the simplicity in that statement:)
I dont need to know you care
Im a Perfectionist when I Tat! It has to be perfect!
In need of #FatTuesday & #StPattysDay ideas for #ideas ??
is this a twitter or in person meeting? Lol
Spicy thai basil is calling my name
that moon is huge
VIP section babe
alright sounds good can't wait baee c:
We "is" watchin' TCM-On Demand's 'A Cabin in the Sky'..starring most of all the hucka buckin 'black' actors; with the exception of Lena...
i guess not everybody's as tough as beaver athletes...
so u wont be there to wave the flag today? That sucks. Had it recording while im in class at nursing school.
LOVE IS THE ANSWER.
The United Center is dead. Chicago is a sad city. The BC would be rocking.
got off work got home, shot w/a tripod made of plastic coffee cups & sent D video w/1hr left.
did you lose it in the move? “: I need to find my old school Nike poster...man I can't believe I lost it.”
you have anyone for dinner? Want to invite some people?
; if any of my old twitter friends see this tweet, tweet me. I don't even remember peoples usernames anymore .
(PARODY) The Jacksons -- Oprah Interviews The Jacksons | Library ...
good luck! You'll be fine!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 6
I'm too old for roommates
I'm the nicest person you know and YOU KNOW IT!!!
It's happening, Memphis, it's happening again
I'm winning all 9 skins tonight mate. Haha #WhereIsSean he's gone walkabout
"But my people would not listen to me; Israel would not submit to me." Psalm 81:11
Drinking a blend we roasted for farmers mkts -- 70% Rwanda, rest is Panama/ El Salvador. Pulls a great shot!
thanks! I only caught the last couple minutes of it. I should have looked at my phone sooner.
Gentleman never wear sagging jeans....unless they're in prison. Then again, if you're in prison you're probably not a gentleman
Oh shit! These Margaritas with Midori is making me tipsy! Damn its good!
Hangin' out, listenin' to some Crue, waiting for S+J among others. Let's get this party started yo.
Jesus sacrificed his life for us, so we in turn should sacrifice our life for him! #amen! :D
Agree. Funding for #globaled almost non-existent. RT : "Foundations have to be a little more fearless. -
Just watched the super bowl 42 recap on NFL Live.. Can it be Sunday already?!
I love my wife <3
Wine. Wine is always the answer. Massive headache after getting rear-ended and not all that hard.
sure I got u.
Here's hoping Delta's 3 new pain Rx make her >comfortable AND help her sleep. Bc when she can't sleep, I can't sleep.
SHOUTOUT to my bestfriend she's a Huge Justin bieber fan and 1D fan follow her.
He's long and fat. Off the charts for height and weight. That's a good point about skipping to toddler sizes.
Help! I'm having withdrawals from no and !!
good work
I wish all planes have a parachute, so that it can be opened at times of possible plane crash! Pls RT ! Please retweet this!
I always wonder when these republicans say they want to return to the days of our founding fathers. Like seriously,do we huh
Come get mine & then you can be thankful for me!!! ;)
delete yo twitter
I knew Florida drivers were dangerous but I didn't think it applied to runners as well. :)
thanks and yw :)
I'm here. RT Someone give me an excuse not to go to work today... PLEASE!
RT If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
Thanks for the info, have never read the comics but definitely going to now.
sounds fun to me!
RT!!! ": If a #Virgo lets you in, value it because it doesn't happen very often."
every time I try to follow you on here it tells me ITS FORBIDDEN!
and I say GOOD DAY!
I knew that'd cheer you up.
Aw Donna Summer died <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I've been in Vegas for a year and a half and I've never played #blackjack at Methinks I must do something about that...
u welcome. was just quick look. minimalism is redefinition of style. lol
more like the chickens did all the work, but they are in my garden so I take credit.
awww i feel good!! thanks i thought you might didn't follow, i'm the same, at last a fellow TVD& writer on twitter
Haha i totally forgot! Now ive found you too. :) ": Hey girl I found you!"
Gearing up for this morning. Check them out if you're near a computer at 11am EST.
long ass dick
thats the funny part, we didnt play that great but Barcelona was still better =-D
You aint gotta pray for me if im locked up in The Lions Den.. You need to praying for those lions! R.A.
Time to say my prayers & go to sleep!
-During School- You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be taken out of content and made to sound dirty.
I wanted to like it, I really did. I was so excited for the previews. As long as Orlandos in it, I'll go to see it to support you
Eeouch! Have you been up to no good again? :-)
Q3) Seek out any additional suggested resources, chat with/follow other participants if poss.
RT Deetroit_Dave I feel like I should as for some money back on my cable for even having Bravo as a channel on my TV!!!
great minds
I'm not going to freak out yet ... I can't pull my bangs back in a pony... I'm not gonna freak out yet
somebody forgot to tell the bird outside my window its 3 am. it won't go away! and now it has a friend.....
haha I know just wanted to give you a good laugh
"Having the world we want will not come from "voting" for it." //
thanks Annemarie! Happy New Year! Xo
Correction: I won tix to Isthmus a la Carts!
Thanks for sharing 10 Most Endangered news!
Q. What's the ultimate rejection? A. When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.
hahahaha of course you would!!
#ItsAmazingHow mom can carry you for 9 months, raise you for 15 long, hard years, & love you for a life time! I love you ! Happy mothers day
Wish I could, but I don't think I should push it with a 3 1/2 in tow.
Beliebers are excited for Believe..but they don't know how much Justin would be tired and exhausted...
Off to Chicago!
#nowplaying Nina Simone - Thats All I Want From You
what up!
I so need an adventure right now. Wish I could go Caving! or Hike to some crazy mountain. Alas..
coming at 11...hear about one woman's effort to save some malnourished horses.
Quick little 4 day weekend
i see why--it's beautifully shot
If anyone asks I'm spending my Saturday slinging booze and breaking hearts. But I think we both know what's actually happening.
Saki~ The young have aspirations that never come to pass the old have reminiscences of what never happened.
filet mignon seasoned with my special mix and broiled in a cab red wine. Salad, spinach, goat cheese, glazed picans, tomato, onion. sweet po
RETWEET THIS AND FOLLOW TO GET A KINECT. CHOOSING IN A HALF HOUR.
You're e-card has been sent to ya. :)
We are working on editing some interviews from the first night of #motmkc. They should be up sometime later today!
are you at home?
#NewJBenkSong please trend it
Thank you to AlexAnn for showing me videos and images of :) I now see what all the #hype is about <U+2665>
We're on the air right after the news. What do you want to talk about this week? Last chance to e-mail before the show:
thanks for going against the crowd! Makes for a better discussion.
Just when I thought I was done learning about transgendered people from India, I find out one of my textbooks is about them
Hi guys! We got almost a full house but I'm sure we could squeeze you in!! Lunch special 'til 3, vegan chicken, and free hugs!! <3
Trying to help Alex brainstorm some blog topics for next few weeks. What do YOU racetweeps want to know from Tag?
#aapor pool is delightful.
my thoughts exactly! (w/re: murderous cat in pajamas)
pick me please
& thanks for all the support to ...
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
Mini-concert tomorrow. Yay!!! I get to laugh at ugly girls attempting to look cute while dancing hideously.
real estate auctions and foreclosure listing etc.
just left a shane and shane concert... It was great!
sounds like Chicago traffic - good luck this wknd!
I'm sorry Alex. I'll stop
Thank you, and I know I'm so excited :D
This is possible because the actual printer is sold to office supply companies at a loss by the manufacturers
hey Melinda just letting u know I had to suspend my phone on November 2 cause my phone bill was close to $600.00
I just bought a new netbook. It's a Gateway 11.6" Intel Core 2 Solo, 1.4 GHz. 250 GB HD, 3 GB memory and weighs only 3 lbs. I love it.
"Hey lets watch a scary movie!" *several hours later* "Dude, walk me to the bathroom..." o_o
JUSTINS GONNA BE IN NYC FROM JUNE 15TH-JUNE 19TH IF I DON'T HAVE REGENTS I'M FUCKING GOING
Dear public bathrooms, Toilet paper holders should turn loosely, nobody wants to wipe their a$s with a handful of confetti.
What a beautiful morning! And by beautiful, I mean gray, windy, and skin-mummifyingly freezing.
oh, cool!
haha i did :P
If lakers lose today, celtics for sure will accuse them off identity theft
Cutest little kid in a car cart keeps beeping the horn. His dad asks what's up. "Daddy! I found your favorite beer! Over there!" Want.
now that is funny
trey songz - heart attack , diggy simmons - copy&paste frank ocean-novacane, nicki minaj - right by my side, logic-numbers
I need to take my writing test for my liscense!
Just got done working out
Play the fool before :)
It appears that this will be an all Carcass day.
Thanks for the RT and helping us spread the word about our monthly video contests!
"Don't give the past any part of your new beginning..."
can you believe the Tebow chants? Those people are oblivious!
In shock
its my ”i sold a book, take that bad health” present to myself. Lol :)
I know your tryin to keep your 'swag' up 'bro', but you look like a penguin trying to keep his pants on.....
and what am I chop liver?
Heading to Perdue Univ. for a few days of meetings. Inter-folk - anything I should do? Goto?
Bring it on 2012
he is soo cute
Albert Pujols is making $240-million to NOT work for the Angels tonight. Sending my resume to Anaheim now.
The Avengers, oh yea bring it on
Cafe 300 specials for today are mac & cheese, chicken noodle, broccoli cheddar & ham and cheese panini!!! Come on in and try some!
“Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong”
It's a question of how.
i followed!
That's gross!
That moment when you run into someone at a tux shop that you didn't expect to see
Looking forward to the march tonight ! If you're in NYC... Drop by!
*culture monster* fits-no rational way to explain his veto action except as a devisive hit on KS
Really enjoyed reading your interview in !
Lakers only hope bynum dominates the smaller Perkins. Gasol has to score 10 more then his matchup
John Ashworth dropping a new golf line... Looking forward to seeing it
yes, brother Brian! Indeed! Hope you enjoyed the day with mom.
A mighty oak or swedish spruce??? interesting idea RT What kind of tree would you like your corpse to become? bit.ly/nWfjCB
China Yuan Down Late On Heavy Dollar Buying, Bucks Central Bank Guidance - Wall Street Journal
and winners never quit
i fucking need u
I gotta tell you something!
Doesn't everybody follow themselves with a second account?
#ARealBoyfriend knows how to treat you right.
We will be at the #smbmad on April 18th. Who else will be there?
I am so ashamed of the state I used to call home. RT ALERT: NC voters approve constitutional amendment on marriage
Put a pillow under her knees and keep her jaws in.
I'm going to make a brave assumption and say any song mentioning airships is good in my book.
Note sure how this early to rise routine is working out. I wanna retire by 3pm.
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday! Would you rather appear in a Country Music Video or be the Director of one?
Indeed I did lead off with a homer. No big deal, though. It's what I do.
2 weeks from Monday is a long time to wait:'(<\3
If you get a second chance, grab it with both hands. If it changes your life, let it.
2Pac...only b/c I memorized >half the lyrics of disc 2 on All Eyes on Me at 13/14 yrs of age...still got it ;)
We don't have to speak to make our voice heard...
I just got off the phone with the President of GMB Music Group and we both agree on which song to release as 's next single:)
Girl: So is it going to be me or her? Boy: if you loved me you wouldn't make me choose Girl: And if you loved me there wouldn't be an option
thx for the
Roger!!! My LAAAAWWWD.
Guess who just followed me...again?! that's who! I feel famous now :)
I met this girl that had a frequent abortion card! I asked what is it for and she said after 10 I get 15% off on my next one!! WTF
funny that YOU are the one who says POT is ok. Now we can understand your position much better.
4pants hair backwards pleease text me or call me at 7204297689 please
Gain insights and knowledge to grow your business.
good night. have to practice later on.
I'm not there but I'm sure is belting out some gems now and then!
If you have to ask, then yes...you are totally #Sheening. Be Proud.
Al Horford sucks
Ten Minutes.
Aww, thanks friend!
mine broke!!,
I had to update my app after downloading it. They call it "refreshing".
happy 17th birthday, hope u had a great day!
Will that be aired?
sounds utterly disgusting.
I just read that the bike-parts distributor QBP gives its employees $3/day for cycling to work. I get scowls on the elevator.
I think they are doing a good job. Yesterday I just counted how many #apple's are in my house
congratulations on the new job!
oh yeah.
When refuses to accept reality and the fact that I'm NOT twelve <<<<<<<
Teaching w/ technology allows more collaboration, enables students from all backgrounds, of all learning styles, to have access
One "friend" making fun of another friend's English who isn't a native speaker the last straw for me. Just not worth it.
The brewers are killing it
Yelling all around the world!
#BecauseofObama Black people can attack white people and get away with it.
Who cares if it is a gay sport?
Fat chicks with tramps stamps << <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Put my dick in yo face
THIS!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>“: no one said that you had to endure SO MANY losses before you experienced the wins. dammit.”
Aww watts is smileys fav player he's excited about this last play but the best part was me yelling yes go cowboys lol
no I slept and finished it when I woke up.
what! I wanna call!
I do care and believe what Kony is doing is wrong...but i'm just not gonna support it.haha
GAME OVER
You trying to get as tan as mee?(:
We get coloring sheets for science class hahahahahaha hilarious
I still feel like I'm adjusting to life post-grad, but all is good :) are you @ Wright On? I'm just up the road in Solana Beach!
;-) RT Very well & t/u! #manners RT Lol, Hi Lamont! How are you? RT hi
it already has my friend.
It's a more common issue with girls than guys that is.
I love u drake
MT : [snip]... I just broke my window while trying to feed the birds. Over and out.| DONE IT-TAKE SEED OUTTA THE BOX FIRST:D
For sure, sucks that they are on their period 365 days a year
FRESH FROSTY DANK IN: Purple Kush, P-91, MK Ultra, Green Crack, Purple Bubba. Back by POPULAR DEMAND: 619 OG! Full menu www.WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Just saw j dawg. Doing it big for houston!
Because I'm a Packers fan and need something to do this weekend.
New star trek: all I can say is wow!!!!!
lmbo u r a mess lol....how's the music going lol and thank u boo
pluss my ipod broke and i have no way to text or anything
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress. -Alfred A. Montapert
You bring as yer personal asst/roadie/muscleman. Problem solved. When do we leave? BTW, last night was great!
right? we were on that shit!
sorry I lied again! I won't be at school today ):
Dream #AWP12 Panel:"How to easily get to the various off-site events using public transit in (AWP city). Free coffee and Gatorade provided."
Good Bonnie!
hey Scotty.. fans like me realize as much as our sports hearts hurt to see that finale, we foresee a far greater 2012-13 season.
because we're tha boss. Expecially when I break out the dougie & you get all "oh darling I love you so" hahah. :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen tweets that he's going to bed an hour ago and then he gets back on..:p
I've got a lot of content I want to turn into iBooks. Now just need to find the time. I'm following your scoopit as well.
yeah! I'm doing the 1/2 at the C-bus marathon. I'm excited and spending a lot of time trying to inspire others to do it also
So it's the section leading the UConn students in the U-C-O-N-N cheer tonight in Providence. Gotta love it.
Hi Amy! It was overwhelming and exciting all at the same time.lol I can't wait till the next one.
open invite. See you guys later
Finally Schwarzenegger did something I agree with: signing the bill to save the seals! Let the poor little guys stay on their LJ beach!
I'm gunna miss you too obviously! But you're welcome to visit anytime!
Praying for you today dear one!!
You should make Will do it for you! I think that's part of his services.
Everyone do me a favor and follow my big bro !
#Caps the TV, #Orioles on the cpu ....this is what has done to me!!
We could have such a damned good time together.
WOW. #LAGalaxy completely fell apart.
Dam.. Girl you bad as fuck !
Could not disagree more about your assessment of Perry. I thought he was awful.
Hey Boo, hey! you need an jersey
Had to cancel that bitch.
I won’t take a bullet for anyone because if I have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.
Plant the lily pad in the healthy pond and then get out of the way.
Pleasure to add you to my PLN! Looking forward to collaborating online.
GA. I haven't been in the Park West in years. I'm not sure how it's going to be set up but I suggest getting there early.
Hi We are Agileblaze Technology (www.agileblaze.com) Ready to take it up. Getting in touch with you shortly.
no candy no popcorn. we can share a large diet coke
I'm Bout To Call Bo Vice.
Errands to run & things to do...
The average global corporation has 178 social media accounts.
George Clooney doesn't have a date for the State Dinner (according to WH guest list).
Big thanks to all those who came out for the Mid-South Fashion week kickoff event we hosted and Trolley night tonight!
Did you see the standing herb planter from bedbathandbeyond?
Thx guys :) (and thx ) RT : That PERFECTLY describes my pal
Did anyone find any good deals shopping today?
Tough loss for the Brewers in the 11th inning today. Glad the boys are back at Miller Park tomorrow.
O! I have a yummy and completely decadent vegan mac and cheese that allergy friendly (it only contains corn).
+1 that; also we need to have the very important discussion of who will be the #bizasusual mayor for craft beer?
Looking for PHP Developers for Full Time position in Austin, Texas.
She's right. No matter where I am im always the minority. Earlier I was the only girl and American in hot tub of Indian dudes
Women in Jazz Festival Features Lundy, Carrington - Voice of America
coming out to see you tomorrow night with my friends, can't wait!:)
Yes, Mom. I had to wait forever for a form and was just slacking on the self-employment stuff. But the IRS has it all. Happy?
i'll probably end up renting something haha
Great morn 2 do a double whammy - checking out the awesome Katie-ness then rolling into Extend&Restore Beverly Hills!!
Tried to find every excuse to not go to the gym but I'm here.
I grew up on Lake Michigan. All the trouble I got into was within a block or so of the lake.
Not many Graphic Novels left! get to www.theouterspacemen.com to grab a copy before they are all gone. SDCC and the exclusive figures soon!!
so great, right??
Why am I so unlovable that my friends dont trust me with their lives? I trust them completely. I open my heart to them.
Going for the most interesting panda in the world, similar to the Dos Equis Man.
Want a drink before the Coldplay concert?? Stop by!!
I changed my avi to just me. lol Was at Game 1 of the 87 WS :)
S/o all the new follower hope u like what da don brings to the table
and showing your the best TE in the business in the meantime.
sentry immortal to hold for your expansion to kick in
Like it. I might suggest amending it to "cupcakes and a football."
Hi Deb! Nice to meet a fellow Deb :+D I keep telling others there are so many of us, someday we'll rule the world!
I'm doing great! ^-^
: #PlayBook survey is available in Beta Zone. Q: What app would like to see in next update? A: Android App Player
I wanted to clearly illustrate the proper way to troll
My position as Director of Communications for Cm. Clarkson will soon be available. If qualified and interested, email
Aw good job.
Love is an action word!
#somebodytellmewhy we have more than enough power&money to #endslavery in our lifetime, yet more than 27 million ppl remain enslaved today.
At playground with <U+2601>marisol and family. It is quite toasty here.
light the sour up so I can get a buzz ..
dont you think they need some ??? Im sure you remember how good our stuff is????
Wow lately 12 and 1am been feeling like 10 and 11 pm
“: Enjoy the city and the dinner!” Thanks!
"Not enough good television, so I need something to make it better" solves both our problems
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Whitney! Oh that was fabulous. Thank you! Absolutely brilliant talk!
So exciting you're a part of #BBN. You are already legend with your announcement!
Headed to my parents house.. hope they cooked since my mom is making me visit her.. Lol lol
Preview on tonight's local news: "when the heaviest rain arrives" um, then exactly wtf do you call this???
Friday the 13th. The only bad thing that could happen is if we run out of beer, and that's not likely.
I would for sure if I wasn't tending bar at Sunset Grill this evening.
no, but phones aren't really meant for certain things. Are you never in front of a computer for 15 minutes?
Yay mocha time!
Would you rather listen to Dick Vitale or Vern Lundquist & Bill Raferty?
I feel like there is something wrong with me for liking it so much
I'll answer my own #drupal Q: "Because I don't spend 6 hrs/day updating all modules, running chron and generally maintaining the site".
My LSAT Prep starts now.....
he's 47 years old
I do love a coke from time to time. : ) They were great tips-especially about the PH balance.
Yikes, time to get someone to screen your calls...
hi beautiful!! Hope all is well! Let's catch up soon ;)
If you don't know what "Stilettos" are, please don't talk to me!
The Trilogy bbq was fired up today for our first cookout of the season! It was a glorious day in the garden.
Hey Sixers! See you #Boston baby!
lol Its because you have a mother instinct lol I can sense that about you
I miss the smell of race fuel & the sound of race cars
I would! I love the cuddle fabrics and Cat in the Hat just rocks. :-)
RT : 40% of children watch television, DVDs or video every day. 75% have watched TV before 2. What are they learning?
wait, what happend with justin ?
Made my day! "I want to chat with my girl but I have no time/best thing for me to do is chat with her online/make her feel fine"
I hope that you have an amazingly magical time!
I will always love you.....in memory of Whitney Houston
NPL is going green! make sure you set up email notifications if you havent already!!
Wake up, to the cleaning lady knockin and shit
I LOVED 8 Flavahz. They were amazing!
Awww i'm going to formal with a guy! :) haha
The low response rate, our own lack of funds to travel to the conference, recent events in our personal lives suggest cutting losses
It was standing room only at the #BurberryWestphal event tonight! Angela Ahrendts was amazing! So inspiring. Go buy trench!
I have no reason to watch American Idol anymore isn't there anymore :'( I can't get over it!!
pretty much just access to the spectrum clubs and Rogers ranch
Okay so give me time and im clicking
Selling a $10 ticket to #Harvey for Sunday night 7:30. Any takers? It's about a man and his best friend, a six feet tall bunny.
My nonna came to watch, and she was like "you're going to marry one of them" & I was like "Yes Nonna, the one with the curly hair!!"
#Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe A Sunday kind of love. Etta
MAN I DON;'T EVN THINK PRINCE IS A VIRGIN AND THEY WERE DANING I WAS FREEKING OUT JUMPIN UP AND DOWN
Mario Mims
Oh we finally started a blog today :) ...to be released along w/ the new website next week!!
no matter how hard i try to keep my bathroom clean! my bro and dad dirty it >:/
OMICS Group is pleased to announce that Speaker opportunities are available at Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24October, 2012 at Chicago, USA
I know
how are you love!
Come out and fucks wit us in LA New Year's Eve And D$Pimpn openin up for the Big Homie DJQuik
PLEASE let me know if you're using & need training for a parent, therapist or teacher to implement it
To or to , that is the question.
Good luck to all those #Movember men putting their razors away for a great cause!
Happy Friday Tweeters!! What kind of wine is everyone drinking this weekend?
can do to reduce symptoms and be able to enjoy your bird.
Doesn't it seem like you're always trying to fill it? Is it working? If not you must be certain you're using your values not someone elses.
Stop by our Harvard Sq location this weekend for our Halloween costume contest!! There are treats for all!
it's actually kind of red. I have a red eye.
Go ahead and give it to me then lol RT": I Would Feel Sleepy As Soon As I Put Food In The Oven"
#Lakers rocks win win win
I cant wait to see next fight this is finna be on point! Everybody better order it!
QUOTE - "Economics reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year." Marty Allen.
Anyone know why a search helicopter has been circling South #Austin? News outlets are worthless.
2007 Keynote Stan Kurtz & his family were on The Doctors today- great job!
Older, strong men of God are the biggest encouragement to me. Blessed to have been able to know Bill Howard, a man after God's own heart.
Initial unemployment claims at 423,000 simply confirms that the labor market continues dead in the water.
music management needed for following and gaga message me
S/O to all my baby mama's!
it is great :)
So can we make your guys bet a three way with Buffalo included?
CP3 did that in Portland last year too.
False friends cause more damage than true enemies.
