How are you getting ready for finals?
Yes, i will eat all this #pasta, thanx.
I can't wait to see it actually.
I tried to post the full link to the streaming Newsies cast recording but twitter told me it was forbidden. Anyone know why? ?
My phone keeps unfollowing people!
finished Black Jack, it is very legit :)
1-11 or 1-10 like where they do that at I could of did that bull shit
I could fall in love in love with you <3 #Selena I love this movie so much RIP Selena Quintanilla <3
Right now, I do what I do best, and that is procrastinate.
It's always a weird day in downtown Raleigh.
Weird. Do you have Quicktime?
congrats on winning the Masters!
how did you quote!?
When you relate it to money its does.
Should be. Always wonder though when public is voting. They are the two best although Holly is very good as well.
you should if I was taking the pics! Cause you say, you don't work out so well!!!!
Coca-Cola that is...
no one I know is into that type of stuff. It really sucks.
Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr. coming to the radio station today and I get to interview him! I'm a little excited!
Love love love this book - hope you do too!
This Calls For A GRINDING Contest!!
who cares?! :D lol
lil chick what are you talkin about?
They say they are looking for women. FYI
Did you see the curious little penguin with a mohawk? Amazing. (I hate you for dragging me into this.)
We just set our launch date for February 1st! Contact us at to make sure your venue is featured on Bar Scene!
Another game today Middleton
Lol some of you are so funny. #thankyou :')
Sometimes I read something like The Bone People and it puts me in a way too thinky head space.
favoritism that x1000
Woke up to a mini van on fire in front of my neighbor's home, so freaky! Explosions and the works. Yikes!!!
How come every station I select on #Pandora is playing jazz?! Come on Pandora, don't you know it's Friday!
Thanks for the RTs and
Things I need to do while I'm in #NYC for a long weekend next week. And... go.
awesome! Can you hold one for me?
So excited about Easter, teared up in SBX this morning thinking about my Savior & impact that He has on those who trust Him!
You was at Victory field today?!
I am practicing saying the word "prosopography"
What if I'm wearing a hoodie and butterfly wings?
Very good advice RT : Keep in touch with industry people you’ve met…they could be your next stepping stone to an awesome role!
None of my interns know who Johnny Gill is. Why does that surprise me?
Frank, thank you so much for the #FF! Hope you are doing well :^)
Frank Jr jr , leslie , and Chandler
Thank ya!
I wanna see #mayweather kick pacquiao's ass next
Great, busy and may be talking to you sometime in the near future ;-)
Of cource Wolffe has foreign accent. He should speak with authority to America.
lol love you
Wow I had a veggie sub w veggie pattie for lunch and mixed salad with tofu, soy nuggets, and vegetable pasta for dinner.
child please I been more place than u wud Eva see & I'm only 13
yeah it hurt pretty bad too.D;
are you kidding? D: ....you just ruined taco bell for me
Bell's Hopslam
Stop one, World Wide Apparel!
why do I scare people off?
Oh no, I wish thou.
Had a really good night :)
If i #follow you, you
We're building a startup to compete against Youtube. Follow and you'll know the launch details soon!
Cool story, bro.
that is one fancy job title!
Best night of the year so far thanks to someone special :)
Heading out to #lrsv. Will be checking in throughout the day at
If we arent following you just tweet us and we will follow back
mine is in exactly two! Are you going to be eighteen?
Pizza Den! #yummy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Indeed, this was good. RT : Thanks, , for talking with us about !
from when you and your brother were younger, ( 4-16)were you guys close?
What a cool article about you in the Deerfield Review!
Seeing Manning wearing another team's uniform is going to be a weird sight.
Everytime I take a sip of coffee that I let get cold I imagine 's look of disgust
may have teared up just a little when turning in her GJ keys.
Villaraigosa says he's NOT running for governor. Best news I have heard all day
np: next 2 u #jb , this is so sad
i think i just pulled a muscle tweeting
Getting a musical education on Fergie from
ASO E-board Elections tomorrow! If you are interested in running for a position email by tonight.
RT : #EatLocalWeek by is on! holiday fair, event s @ BlackStarCoop
"one more week in this miserable apartment".....So did you get the apartment you wanted?
If you don't like us, fuck you. Forever Loney Crew. #Infamous #AAS <3
We love you Elvio!!
Fourth baseball game of the season tonight. Our team is improving. Lost a close one to the best team in our league on Saturday.
I'm tired of people saying I look lie someone.. That shit is so annoying
#GKSUMMERISHERE PLEASE , I LOVE YOU <3 you cant refuse that :)
All forgiven Son RT God please forgive me for my sins...
If it's not too much trouble, that'd be great. You're a doll, Alison.
Hahahaha hey I like her!!!
haha, it is a lil weird ;D
"you ain't no barbie, I see you work at Arby's"
found a joint a produced on a blogspot. They could at least gimme a credit.
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV - PR Newswire (press release)
Thank you for making an investment in the arts that helps support jobs, business and quality of life in MD!
Congrats! RT Been 6 mos since heart attack.BP,cholesterol,etc all now in "ideal" range. I'm 5-8 pounds from my target weight.
For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will. -Henri Frederic Amiel
One day wen the sky is falling I'll be standing right next 2 u
Huge thanks to my Public Storage manager. So nice to meet someone that takes pride in what they do.
our mistake...it is 10/11.
& for the next release, Wife Mode: deletes your messages before you can send them to keep you from getting yourself in trouble!
Dude. Adam Dunn just hit his 30th HR, 2nd of the night, good for a cool 6 RBI's... no big deal..
Yep ::": RE: Daily Sketch, so... just a Cubs joke ya?"
Did some fun exploring in Minecraft, made dinner, made progress on current side project, and watched an ep of Justified. Feeling productive.
thanks for the reminder
The first 10 followers will get an autograph! Please
could you do me a favor, i want to meet justin bieber please, he's my idle.
RT (Thanks) Businesses I have been involved with Edition: (both are great and highly recommended!
red or white?
swamps and mountains are where its at.
So! I could go all Austin on you!
Letting go doesn't mean you've stopped caring, it means you stopped trying to force someone to care.
It's so nice outside. :-)
what is it?
Matt Wieters goes yard!
i wonder to
CLIENT: hurdler will be on "Q It Up Sports" on Sun at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV & 10:30pm PST on
Tonight my movies going to win a mothaf*#king Oscar y'all. So will my friends. Oscars all round for #theartist #oscars #e!
Thanks for making me pee my jeggings in MKE.
Tostitos with a hint of pepper jack are my new favorite chip. Carry on.
m, I think you needed a bit more context for your tweet. I wouldn't separate what you mention from a definition of"product"
We are all born into slavery, but I refuse to die.
Thank you Caroline :)
you guys need to come out here next year and watch the #Packers beat up Matt Flynn and the
Just found out a friend of mine passed, Tracey Destsanio
Thomas Jones of Macon: As director, you have to take ownership for mistakes, even if you aren't directly involved
“: needs to come to Miami #EastCoastsFinest ;D” no.
just watched Casey Hayward's highlight video, reminded me of a young Charles Woodson. the guy can stick his nose in there in run support.
So excited to have just joined Check it out! (Find it a little odd that the security check word was anorexic...)
Brilliant. RT : The next time your dentist asks why you don't floss, ask him why he's still using Windows XP.
Keith is a DICK...that is why he does not have a gig....DP carried him at ESPN
Brown and another bad decision. Takes $$ from Yankee Pres. As if MA voters didn't hve enough reason 2 vote 4 #ElizabethWarren 4
You're tonight's third star thus far.
Happy Leap Day!
Exhausted beyond belief...
I will never understand why the dudes who live upstairs are ONLY obnoxious and loud on Thursday nights. It never fails, every Thursday.
well this summer...I'm having a small tour (:
Hollywood Friday night where the drinks at
I vote for my every day for the all stars thing. Love her!!!!!!!!!
my roommates are gone for 3 weeks there isn't enough beer
hey heading to media after Young The Giant. Will you be there?
team #NARIP on twitter: , , and
ur having sex in the moon next summer, that's cool. Would have been cooler if u were having sex on the the moon, better view.
Cool, va pa ya.
that's always a cop out. People should go through the pain with the person and pray for them.
Gearing up for #LastComic auditions!
I always tweet something then delete it because I realize I'm over thinking something too much, especially when I shouldn't.
aw man lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I think I have a solitaire addiction. And I'm absolutely no good at it either.
Having an Amy Winehouse kind of evening.
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!!
Sweet baby jesus
Friend: lets go to the club! me: i dont hav dollar bills. :( Friend: afterlife foo! hahaha me: oh hahaha
me too basketball just isnt the same
He was just a chalky blob on the carpet, and next thing I knew he was climbing up the file cabinet.
you've been dead too me ! Like sale from walking dead ese
Financial loss due to digital piracy in USA (2010): 10 Billion USD
LOL..STUPID STUPID...
you know what, i have something i would like you to proofread.
Good morning mermaids fans.. I found out that on March 1st of this year I was published in the Library Journal!!
Not me!!! I would love to see them both back!!! They are crucial parts of the amazing receiving group!
you suck hardcore, love is love and no matter how famous you are there's nothing you can do about us gay kids , stfu asshole!
I Dont Know Whats Goin On But There's A Sickness Floating Aroun An I Think I Caught It Too.... *Smh*
Worship started with brass playing when the saints go marching in. Spontaneous ovation when Katie processed.
We're serving authentic Irish food and playing 70s funk! The best of both worlds. The FUNK BRUNCH is going strong! Eat with a beat!
Dude! I was the chick with the ginger yellow hair across the row! I was gonna say hi but you were with peeps.
Senior village feasibility study tmrw at St. Stephen’s Church, 25th and Penn 7:30 pm. Going to see how we can implement in mt. Vernon sq!
Happy friday!!! Looking forward to the weekend!
large enough to fit a
true. But honestly in my opinion those are isolated incidents that big companies can't base market strategies on
Love your book and just tried 's mise en place ramon, Loving it.
“: are you at "The House That Jerry Built" for the #Razorbacks?” I was there Dr. and it was an amazing game.
Carolina Chocolate Drops about to take the stage. The David Wax Museum killed it.
Wheat replaced spelt as the primary grain crop in Anglo Saxon England round about the 8th century.
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. -Lou Holtz
You know who's on our shitlist?
Yesterday was beautiful on Anna Maria Island. The Gulf was serene, the beach pristine. The sunset perfect. www.lindaswift.net
Black n white music.....now nigga thats a mixtape
ROFL!!!": An obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad, America is setting itself up for disaster..."
Thanks for the follow. Reciprocated! Muah!
Bing is making a big bet on social per #smcsea believe!
I'm gonna shock the world. I just made scrambled eggs all by myself. Thanks
Thanks, ladies! Last time it was 42 hours---anything is quicker than that. :) It'll be swell!
Reward for an intense day on the radio today...sitting at my desktop munching on BB's Lawnside BBQ
25 followers! Woot! That's a lot since I don't update often. Thank you guys. Sorry I'm not that entertaining lol. One day though lol
Looks like OPD setting up a (very loose) perimeter around Ogawa
ralphs players hate him and if terps win today that will be the first quality win of season
Playing The Red Cow Hotel in Dublin, Ireland tonight! Come on out!
we would luv to wear him out again. We left at 545. Couldn't sleep! This for great time
We need to add that. But yes on both. Unisex was the only option in those colors.
#Zimbabwe youth describe for the lack of career opportunities available for students in their country
Always be listening.. you never know what you might receieve that you didn't even know you needed to hear...
And remember, as it was written, to love another person is to see the face God
This is so fun!!!!
Hey twitter world :)
So long Deutschland; thanks for the few days. Bck to NYC, then Cleveland Boston and Miami. Anthr premiere and 9 Wanderlusts left this month!
Great, let me know I am here ! If your interested now I will do 40% off. M
I will be a professor in less than ten years.
Texas Holdem Tonight- Come on down and play with us. JC
Fml, I'm so sick. Major headache, tonsils swollen and a fever. I just want to go home
Austin since your single.. Wanna get in my bed? (;
Thanks everyone!! Trapped made their goal!!
Is it local?
I'm tripping off the young boys that I was balling with today. When someone made a good play, they would scream "SWAG".....
Some one side jacked my yahoo..i am very pissed
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT & OUR CO OWNER <333
Hello San Jose!
Fact: The original Guinness Brewery in Dublin has a 9,000 year lease on its property, at a perpetual rate of 45 Irish pounds per year.
it's gotta have some mental benefit. The fruit has electrolytes.
Performing my one-woman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, at Jewish Ensemble Theatre the first weekend in March. SO excited.
Looking forward to tea at the Oprah Store tomorrow!
AMEN! Those directionators!
I need a shopping day asap!
happy first day of Spring to everyone! especially !
White Chapel tonight!! :D
thanks for the #FF!
AND HE'S BLEEDING!
What a beautiful day!! Gym done, errands done, watching Downton Abbey and eating Fruit Loops before a date with the lovely !
the prison sketch was the best!
..& all you ever did was mess everything up!
thinkin back to when brandon made that girl cry by calling her a stupid fucking bitch becuase she stole our lunch table....
Please welcome and follow our newest reporter here at FOX 12, Steve McCarron, he's making his debut tonight on FOX 12 at 5pm!
“: Oh boy.” Exactly.
But Nathan Sherman is awesome!
“: "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -Albert Einstein”
HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OFF TO
Boken BBQ soon??? RT : thanks for the RT! Drink soon?
RT : There's nothing like a Mothers Love! God has allowed her to bring forth life! MOM = (M)aker (O)f (M)iracles
Boys that look extra sexy taking their shirts off its the best lol , watching boys play basketball
2 new talent announcements for the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest on June 4th and 5th...
I need a Starbucks fix
mm mm mm
:) Thanks! And now you have!!
quit reading so loud :3
That. Is. Not. Kewl.
OMG! Spit take!! “: RT : I've managed not to molest children. You? RT Just curious...how is your #Lent going?”
**Late** good morning!
#np thinking about you-frank ocean
are you here today !? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
This rain feels good outside my window...finished my writing for the day, now tea and movie..m.
Poignant quote at #PCUS: "The lecture does not work." What do you think about replacing passive lecture w/ active learning in the classroom?
... I wonder if I.M. Pei pursued the China Art Museum. I love his work. The Miho and the Louvre are magical designs.
Thanks for the RT! What's new with you?
Only Monk I own (currently) is that one Monk w/Coltrane album and gets in the rotation during these kicks. Want more 4 sure!
Help raise $ for the Paramount. Take coupon off our site to Bob Evans 1st Mon. of ea. mo. and they will donate 15% of your bill back to us!
well first yu click shut, than the fuck up.
I cannot muster the energy to stand in line for a FEST ticket. Someone wanna buy me one?
make new ones. you can only go forward, not backwords.
Aww :) Love RT : I just saw two people sit down and kiss at the kissing bench!
Twitter Stream experiencing latency issues. So much for realtime…
sure. slippery slope, though.
Amazing Desserts! pandan lime sorbet and meyer lemon panna cotta with basil seeds and thai basil gel. hungry again!
I'm A Virgo. Can You Tell me something you think is very interesting about Virgos?(:
Indeed. Amazingly or unamazingly (my word) the #ITC extension has bipartisan report.
wow... No bball on thanksgiving!
I really hate dealing with drunk people when I'm sober and I already know this sake is going to do my mother in
Thank youu(: i love talkin to u too. even doe we just met:D
that's beyond strange. If you search Not For The Cool Kids on facebook we're there.
that's what mine is getting as well...along with a huge bone :-)
Still hurts me that they use that song...scum
I like as an analyst. Keeps it real. Liked him as a player too. Dude could pass...shoot, not so much.
Lunch Time!
I'm ridiculous. But I heart you. ;)
well said! we did a webinar yesterday on Outcome Learning and the poll questions bear this out!
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you're able to visit my house soon!
Only because we dipped into the evidence locker, spilled some liquid LSD on accident RT : fake po-po be trippin
Heyy! :D I'm doing great! Thanks for asking. How are you?
About to finally finish 'The Humbling' by Philip Roth. Any suggestions for the next book?
treat others as you'd like to be treated.
#Bears trade for WR Brandon Marshall. Let's get Mario Williams next!
Today Joonbug takes over
Okay I have an opportunity that may go through...just hope they talking right
Middle schoolers who tell someone they're going to kick their ass if you say something out of the way to them.
We're glad you liked it! It's one of our most popular flavors!
jay is stacks gone be gone a while
hey gurl can u follow my friend jadenbaby11 she got only 2 followers
I've been active on Facebook and have a new page: Family Fish Farms. Check it out. Urban Farming using Aquaponics, both fish and veggies
Make magazine: popular in print & mega-popular online, started organizing Maker Faires (NYC, San Mateo & others)
i like wen girls can sniff the jonald pheromones and immediately interject convo w/"my bf/husband"
In the picture the were 7/16ths but i just upsized to 1/2 inch like two weeks ago
Everytime I listen to my song I think its get better and better to me... IDk lol
Just saw that a Serbian restaurant is opening down the street from me. Admittedly, I don't know much about Serbian food, so that's exciting!
suck it up lol
Chapter draft sent off Friday and conference paper needs starting, but I just can't bring myself to do it. Time for a bike ride.
Yes, sir!
is it true still owns you! Damn son!
awww thanx. U were cute 2...I'm going 2 my family reunion. All my family live in memphis and mississippi lol
try putting it in an empty gameobject, work with parent? Just a guess.
When's the next Web Workers lunch?
Highly recommend Eminent Domain for those who like deck building games but hate the waiting around forever for your turn.
and the worst is you have to leave it on until you beat the game in most cases.
LA Story: Amazon sued for 1 mil $ for revealing starlet's age.
Economists writing from first world perspective-works well here, not always in developing world
So apparently toothpaste works well to remove self tanner. Note to self, tanner looks really bad on my feet :(
ben roethlisberger is a piece of shit
I was at the store and I saw blind couples... I was like awe how sweet <3
Oh Yates. It's been way too long.
I can't place outgoing calls! rep says there is an outage in the area!
Wrist on froze, Bitch I'm so cold....
gotta love bull in the ring... too bad most coaches aren't allowed to do it anymore.....
Your life is more valuable den you think! You have the best life ever and your Father will never leave you nor forsake you!
Mickey's nephews are Mortie & Ferdie. Congrats to Cameron Q., Andrew M. and Dale J. for the correct answers & recieving a FREE days rental.
oklahoma city?!. oh and day 7 is great haha.
I think you have to have the rules in place before you ingest the files... but we haven't seen any rules yet...
WHat food best powers your bounce before going nuts on a trampoline?
aww! I enjoy chatting as well. We'll have to find time to do it next year!
Isn't it cute? I'd love to make them myself.
itsgood u admit it. Haa ill pass i belive uive been meaning to ask u is your name Matty of Matthew
I think I'm addicted to instagram
There are some amazing folks on this planet. Yes, indeed, there are.
”-not sure by who, but i defiantly modified and added to this
sweet :) I've never played rugby before. Is it fun?
packer nation loves you bro. YOTTO is gunna be no joke in 2011! Go Pack Go!
#prayersforoakland with the shootings yesterday. I don't think i'll ever understand senseless killing
I hope you are doing great. :-)
believe it or not, he's all I need.
Santa is at the Space Needle and looks like he walked off the set of Star Trek! He'll be up on the O Deck today through Sat. from 11am-5pm.
me too i stand by him no matter what
Jane, let's talk. Call me.
On the subject of fear, the "Now What?" panelists shared, don't be afraid to fail; it's part of life. Learn & move on.
#ItsHardTo have 99.99% of Somalis listen and comprehend the message behind my vids, since most of them have ADD
The #osu band is easily the most obnoxious band that has played in DKR.
Mario still short lil Munchkin ! AWW
So excited to see &
EVEN THOUGH THE RAVENS DIDNT WINN THEY PLAQYED THIER HEART ONE QUESTION WHY WASN"T THAT CALL IN THE END ZONE REVIEWED
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy meals. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Rachel Ray
We can arrange a Sutro-viewing periscope to prevent Sutro narcosis, if necessary.
...unbelievable...I can't take anymore...flowers!
Double dipping is the only way to get all the flavor! Who could disagree?
nu uh :3 but you are
What games are you most looking forward to this weekend?
Mattie, where from?
query: responsive design vs. mobile app? Answer: yea, look at TCOS of apps...
lol :-) hey sir. looking forward to seeing you perform tonight!
This Friday and Saturday we are having a huge year end sale! 25% off everything (not new comics) and 90% off on DVDs
It’s better to cross the line and suffer the consequences than to just stare at the line for the rest of your life.
Yes sir... “: mention of Austin Peay requires mention of best chant ever for Fly Williams: "The Fly is open! Let's Go Peay!"
Happy New Year!
I mean
I like your tag! I'll be thinking of occasions to use it. Not tonight tho, as I'm only helping myself to more decaf tea & bed.
BAD DAY :(
I need a few hours to clear my thoughts
Thanks! Will get back to ya'
No problem. Enjoyed the call. It was very insightful. You are doing a great job!
Cast it on the one that can take it and can keep it. Get rid of it!
This what happens when a team drops back to defend a 1 goal lead for an entire half. San Jose had 3 forwards and we couldn't counter attack
I am DJ SPIN with SA URBAN, who are you?
menu tonight for 6 dear friends;raised pheasant pie, savory rutabaga tart, 7hr goat leg w/ white bean puree and burrida, honey roasted pears
it sure was :)
HAPPY MON ATX! Who doesn't like the smell of clean clothes in the morning? Remind, our 200th follower gets $20 free cleaning. Pass 'er on!
thank you!!
Valuation matters! RT : The real reason Facebook's IPO will be delayed: 15-30% drop in new tech stocks
Final day of the sale head on over to the #osso site @ www.ossoclothing.com
Just booked can't wait to be back in #Vegas We'll see you in July
It's official. Young Professional Day thanks to
One of my friend told me I will learn you Spanish and she will but after she forget to learn.. I am waiting to my Spanish teacher..
i almost have 600 followers, i'd like to thank the academy.
Need to get Tegan & Sara's new live album soon...
thanks for the follow :)
": Live on Monday, 30APR2012, at 7:00 p.m. we will be featuring the music of TAKEOUT." YEA!!
Number game!(:
Hi Jeff, thank you for the heads-up! We'll see how we can make this more visible.
Wow, my last tweet was hacked!
Yeah! At the Indiana State Fair with Elly!!!!!!!!
I think you're our first tweet since we released the update yesterday! Thanks and congrats!
Hi I'm doing very well Thank you. Working hard got some steady clients how about you? I hope everything is flowing smoothly for u
Reminder! We will be open our normal business hours on Memorial Day, Monday May 30th.
HUGE sale going on today, tomorrow and Sunday at Aqua Spas & Pools in Gig Harbor! Caribbean themed FOOD, FUN and GAMES! eh mon
I've been up for 24 hours straight. That's crazy.
I'm good w/ perpetual beta but want to know that when you start. :) RT : perpetual beta
Some days we all need a reminder :)
Ria :) Thanks! With your help :)
#brotips There is a fine line between awesome and asshole. Know the difference.
An informal poll: Do you prefer rhyming books to read to kids?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 30
: If we'll make God our priority, than He will put our other priorities in the right order.
Shout out to ! sorry if I missed your tweets! :(
I hate when I'm trying to get a new tumblr theme and they all look like shit.
rather than comment on your phrasing on that message at 2:30 in the morn, i shall simply raise my eyebrow and blush.
I'm Sicilian; I'll handle it and we don't know nuthin' about it... right?
that's good ur a strong woman so u will fight through
dm me your email address bro
$3.00 Standard Tournament Tonight at 7:00pm!! Hope to see you there!
Lots of "family" can be found on Twitter, my friend!! It's what #TwitterMovie is about! =D
im here for the eternal youth
Vogue is sending me to a private screening of the movie "Dirty Girl" 2nite!
Thanks for coming in and speaking it was great to have you! The students had very positive feedback.
Best way to kill a chocolate craving? Smash up a banana, sprinkle a lil bit of cocoa on it & say buhbye to that craving
aw :( whatt happened to your voice?
who is tattooed on your left arm? How many tats do u have?
U better chill out b4 that pressure heat up
I have a feeling Steve will mess with me somehow...
On my way to a sausage fest
don't say that you will meet him one day and you never no what will happen
Today is dragging! On a totally different note, Urkle to be on #DWTS though I'm sure Jaleel White would rather not be referred to as Urkle
How's your day?!
We need twitter reporters for our event tomorrow. DM us if you are interested!
Monday's done now time to start getting ready for PLAYHOUSE on THURSDAY!!
RT : " super Size Me (Cause your dick can never be to big lol)
You god .
amazing performance by it gave me chills
World of Warcraft Mega Bloks Season 1 collection revealed
WORK AT HOME, WITH LIVE TRAINING WITH SOMEONE THAT IS USING TO SAME SYSTEM YOU ARE..
ok I'm ready for my prizes!
Aloha Friday!
Man! It seems like that sp doesn't wanna go away!!!! Grrrrrr... Get outta my messages!
Thanks Joshua!!!
Off to study, then meeting with group...ugh, school I can see your end but it's gonna be a hard fight to pass your finish line!!!
if you're going to lie to your pregnant ex, don't tell her best friends the truth. did you think I wouldn't hear about it?
Assuming they don't skip him again, he's due up to start again on Tuesday.
Last hour of the Expo Only session for today-- come find us at booth #1115!
My good pal Louis chided me royally at breakfast this morning for the lack of blogging activity - so message heard, gotta get down to it
very carefully
Me too RT : I'm following u now u little whore
I hate crying. I always feel like I gotta be strong and hold my emotions in.
Currently kick Steven A*S <3
the SB 48 attack before the central committee endorsement and his emotional display of how much he hated seeing that
isn't that what twitter is for? Hating on lmfao and Kentucky?
On the air with raising some funds to keep FUV going strong. Public radio loves you.
woke up and daddy was missing... wonder where he went? oh well, other daddy still here!!!! time to play...
Our team is ready for the South Beach Triathlon this Sunday! Come cheer us on at 7:30am at 5th&Ocean! cc:
Stifler's mom!
RT RT : BREAKING: Student loan measure fails in the Senate 52 to 45. 60 votes were needed to advance to debate.
I'm trying to get hospital administrator to give us funds to hire a PA to answer our pages and do floor work while we take care of business.
Rounding up 65 potential jurors after lunch like herding cats. Few still absent means no juror interviews. No wonder justice takes so long.
Omg I love that show!! :DD
Social Network
Vacation! Son is house sitting....so looking forward to doing NOTHING....
The two minute song is a nearly lost art.
Any word on ? Plz keep forwarding the healing vibes. <U+2665>
#WeGoTogether if I let you eat all the vegetables out my cup-a-noodles
LOL Leo. But 30 minutes to do nothing but breathe is different
RT“: Did you know that Angry Birds is being played 300 million minutes every day?”...does anyone else find this disturbing?
Cooking tonight for Peyton :)
When best friends move.. <\3 .. I miss you
Education is sharing -- David Wiley
Our bad. guess # 1 was that the hunt was on!
#RIPCaitlin I didn't know you, but you were a fellow hustler and I love you!
Why is it so hard for people to keep plans?!?!
Confident gum chewing and preserving energy by not squinting are two of the subjects that were covered today by Rex Hudler
Ms. Burchette doing GEE testing *crip walks like a G*
Now Follow us on Facebook
Welcome to Twitter!!!
i suppose. :o
So happy to see my girl Mary J still got it!!!!!
It's like I'm watching an NBA Jam game
Listening to System Of A Down. This makes me wanna tear shit up! >:D
Lebron need to fade that nigga
haha. Their logo and uniforms are growing on me though.
I understand :/ I got to leave at 4:00 - yay. Now errands before my workout
changed o2 sensor for and fixed my lil bro's MacBook. Now I am prepping a new painting for !
My sons and I are spending the weekend with renowned shooting coach, Ed Palubinskas. Great stuff! Wish I had this info 30 years ago!
RT : NAFSA Tech-SIG folks: When completing your #nafsa10 survey, don't forget to ask for more tech sessions!
Myy Gawwd, Real Talk? ;O Don't Remember You Doe !
We got to do what works for us! ; ) Ha!
nina test
Ughh this weather what the H is up with it.. Going back to sleep.
Right on. That is the way to live.
do wither one of you see a Chicago show in the near future
Get ready to hear from us Fort Worth!
what a jerko. Good luck!
It's important to learn a language because you can make friends anywhere and everywhere! Happy Euro Day of Languages!
Thank you and wonderful fellow GMMBers for the pre-birthday surprise! (You're all on Twitter, but won't fit in 140 characters)!
Thanks for following!
hmm...i was sick when I was supposed to go to atlantic city yesterday, i was going to go to the movies with my friends yesterday but
what a blast!
Thanks for the follow, Jordan. Great to be connected.
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no :'( ok
I guess I'm fake. Everyones telling me I'm fake so im fake hahahahah
Everybody getting on my Damn Nerves Today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Oh, and, um, nevermind - go ahead and shut the damn gubmint down - our tax refund came through today!!!
Im turning my big broffer into a mahomie .
Talk is cheap, music speaks multitudes.
Isn't that wedding the best idea? We've heard it's actually an old tradition around here in Texas!
Baltimore Burger Bar. The first thing that comes to your mind when you crave burgers. Gourmet burgers that will leave you satisfied!
She wants to smile every time she thinks about you.
If I had it my way, Id stay home get drunk as hell and watch Scarface twenty times. Id skate till my high wears off then spark another one.
T em up!
False alarm dammit:(
#FF Thanks new followers sounds very interesting, looking forward to seeing how ur event turns out!
Congrats to all the runners in the #BostonMarathon today it was a scorcher! You are inspiring me to get out there and put in some miles!
Guess where I'm going Friday??? One of your favorites.
Joe and Bruce look like brothers. Maybe Bruce should be an honorary Flatlander.
How about Glassie?
were you at teen hoot with austin and peyton and ryan ?
Today in 1989, Technotronic featuring Felly hits #2 in the UK with "Pump Up the Jam".
Tickets for our June 24th Brewtopia are now on sale! Let Steve Hodos guide you through our "Wheat and Wild" lineup of hefeweizens and wheats
I am straight as an arrow!!! APRIL FOOLS!!!!
Leaving Austin n an hr....
my pleasure :) I'll send it to you gals soon
omg I love how you volunteered to share the boys room, only one of the girls with balls! LOVEYOUUU
Cheering isn't a sport? Go check out espn..
Volunteering with the Special Olympics all day! Love these kind of saturdays.
Faith takes patience, hard work, noticing changes around, and more patience.
I am in Pasco County today covering cooking grease bandit arrests by - the grease is sold as biodiesel fuel
i think a would be dope!!! thats is one of my influences and it would be on another echelon!!!
Running into your ex with your "soon to be" boyfriend.
Felicidades #zonamaco12, it was another great, successful year! Congrats to all galleries & artists
I loved the breakfast truck, it's a walk away lunch today
no Nothern took your phone??
Time to get my hair cut and beautified. I may be penniless by summertime, true enough, but dammit, I'm gonna look good doing it.
And I'm getting hungry. How will I survive?
Happy Mother's Day...you deserve to have a day...lot on your shoulders & you handle it with love & grace...:-)
I wish you could change your profile pic to 1/18th of a cupcake for that tweet :)
thanks for the RT!
A HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO Robert Pattinson!!!!! I love ur kick ass action in twilight and can't wait for the. Next one!!
See what is happening today at www.palmbeachparenting.com
Happy Poetry Month:)
#becauseoflouistomlinson I have no life other than in twitter.
Happy birthday hun!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> have a wonderful day! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Would be interesting if the poll order randomly changed. That said, Meyer has rubbed many B1G fans the wrong way already.
(tweet I forgot to post last night) And thus ends my last Parent-Advisor conference. Ever.
I've always been here, never left, LOL
but then how can I get you all worked up and aggravated?
Donald Driver was given a hard time last week... how does everyone think he'll do tonite?
Q: What do you call a school bus full of black people? A: A rotten banana #teamfollowback messed up
noo my mom does, and we were taking the train that's when it happened. It's like a live movie with all the stuff happening
You saw that today?
Gf's birthday party was a success! Love family time! :)
The 'uncanny valley' theory might explain why some dislike my photorealistic images while loving my cartoons.
Right, so thank you so very much for proving that I'm clearly the bigger person here :)
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow :D <U+2764>
Yet you didn't answer the question, did you? Will you be moving to the district that you hope to represent?
Out of Hackensack
Need to see this weekend: Sherlock, Tinker Tailor, Ghost Protocol, and either Young Adult or Dangerous Method...
G6 the hit song was just performed by far east movement
#ijustlostthegame oh great thank you twitter for reminding me
thanks for your fantastic interview with my welsh-mate !
Once your conscious mind is distracted it allows you to reprogram your unconscious with new programs and beliefs
If someone makes you more upset than happy, then they aren't worth your time.
i want my monro pierced gonna be this year determined
Completely agree. If roles/races were reversed, there'd have been an arrest+a mob calling for his head.
Oh oh oh oh, So put your hands up !!! <U+2665>
RT wished I had coffee to spit out when I heard Stu Bickel's name on 24/7 last night.
Browns pick red.
Thx for your kind words!!
The guy's just trying harder than anyone else.
What kind of mac n cheese today? M
hahaha yes :) why?
you got me trippen on you <U+2665> x:
working on realization of cello suite I by JSB will play it in G with 6th string in D sounds pretty good to me (counterpoint added)
Thanks so much for tha Love! RT yeah ! filipino ! you have a beautiful voice man !
Good Morning. :)
#mygraduationspeech "Peace out a**holes"
Holiday cards! If you are doing real holiday cards this year and want to see a great new way, let me know.
I want some one who is DTF dedicated, trustworthy, and faithful !
I'm single fasho. #lessioned learned for me ex KEEP YA EYE ON THE PRIZE (me) :)
Yes. Indeed. Except like my pin says, "it's all fun and games until someone doesn't get the sarcasm.". Or maybe not.
#networking It’s far more important to understand their needs before you tell them about your needs.
No comment ! Ta tweeter pour rien lol
mlk weekend homiez its going down wit dem Swagga Boyz as we brig u Atlantas first foam party.
Giving away Korn tickets on The Zone @ 94.1 at 3:39 tune in now.
Pajama day was okay I guess but my pajama shirt and my huge bear pajama shirt where Awsome because it had Justin's face on it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764>
Its Just Me, Myself & I.
Hard work doesn't always beat talent when talent doesn't work hard. Talent can often beat hardworking lack of skill.
Well ... they WERE winning
wait to me? or to the rest of the world?:P
Remember these trends? #WhyILoveYou -Brooke
I really do like that it's 11/1/11. It will also be cool on 11/11/11.
can you get Joan of Arc cleaned up? Major tagging and the park is ragged. Thx!
She's daddy's little girl.
Yea yea yea...
Really enjoyed my 2nd #sfima Summit. Learned a lot from all the sessions & can't wait for next year! Great work by all involved!
My math book is a Saxon. NO FREAKING PICTURES! That's what I like about 4th grade. Lol
Warren Buffett, a billionaire, pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. Think that's unfair? So does Warren Buffett.
plus usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net
RT : ...and I couldn't get it all said in one tweet...but don't miss out. Upload your home video until midnight tonight at www ...
lol im gettin sent to care right now
What is the funniest sports related story you can think of? We want to hear it!
We have an Extraordinary gift card deal! Buy 4 $20 gift cards and get another $20 gift card for free! Offer valid until December 31st.
Three of three reporters agree: JUDGE HAMMERS NAILS should be a Dykstra headline tomorrow
Went over the video ideas w/director guy. He thinks in time sequence, I think in song structure. I'm getting a hang of this thing... :)
it's too early for this.
Conley with a strong half too. Randolph has to get it going and Gay has to stop settling for jumpers.
I mean I'll roll with some of it....but then the rest is a REACH....
It was in my German book! What is "Good morning" in Turkish?
People who think there cool but there actually gay as hell
what a welcome site at mile 17!!!
I have to pick just one?
so true!! Lol idk I'm really bored.
love it
getting all my Saints Gear discounted, Kill Them in the head
Have a wonderful night everyone!!
Karen :D
I've always what it was like to live life as a plant
“: Talked to DBB were gonna set something up real good in west BY GOD virginia!” great to run into ya tonight!!
UH OH MIZZOU
Madonna - now that is how it's done!
Have added new avatar to my personal Twitter, Now y'all can actually see what I look like.
Thanks for being a part of the event last night! All the treats you brought were so yummy!
wut the hell is wrong wit my followin i cant really follow dat much people on here.
Do what you want to do! Just because someone hates you for what you do doesn't mean you have to stop doing it!
That's fierce.
what up j ma! another trip to the district has been planned!!!! you better be around! jan 13-15. put it in your calendar! muah!
hope you enjoyed the story. thanks for the RT.
Worthy a Cullen Jenkins type?
Dedicated something.
Sounds necromantic! RT : Kissing was invented when two cannibals simultaneously tried to eat each other's face.
haha word up, I'll take her then
No roach left behind
i love the feeling of being missed. makes me always feel wanted and thought about. so i let people know when they are missed.
HAHAA! Aww, I miss my loud mouthed Jew! xo
Jimmy Kimmel? Funniest guy on TV. Feint praise aside, he was fair & scathing. Obama? Funny 2. Meanwhile, Rome burns. (insert Sardonic laugh)
We're making some changes to our site & Murphy's law interjected, which means our site is temp. down, be patient w/ us as we sort things out
we're making a flag and laying plans to succeed
What songs do you want to see played live?!
Hahahaha RT : The Clippers know Chris Paul is short as hell, right?
Speeding ticket how lovely.. -__-
Roger Goodell is serious. Today he said players could be banned for reading 'They Call Me Assassin'
I always zone out in Spanish.
I'm used to bars where I either know everyone or no one. This reunion kind-of knowing is bizarre.
#HoodAccountPasswords super bass
#DIETribes in the house with jerseys on let's drop the puck!!!
#HIMYM time! no spoilers. promise.
My wife is hot...better get the AC fixed...
np !, anyway try 2 follow ,They have a lot of good information!!! And amazing tips about #weight lose ( :
Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all.
#HowCanYouExpect to Get Wifed up if you a Mut ?
tomorrow is good
Hey,Can I send tracks to this email?
can I get a get well tweet <3 ?
first of the month means i can get new music on emusic.com :)
WHOA! someone's dad is in cafe ole and im chasing him down. You dont treat women like that jackass
Can't wait to watch you play tomorrow! Go Nuggets!
In my opinion, "good hair" is hair that is healthy and looks nice, no matter the length or texture.
/// I miss Scott Gertner's wings...
u can't talk about no body shoes wen u sitting over here wit busted up j'$ on that came outa trunk lls
Graduation party tomorrow…awesome:)
Start 2 of these 3 (non-ppr): Tolbert, Starks, V Jackson. I lead the league in points, but am 5-5 and in danger. Help!
Fine. Leather. Goods.
wait no one is mature here.
We hope to see you all soon! RT : i have not been to yet!!
is this off the wall? if we can't get second star for batum. We you consider trading LA for top 5 pick in this draft?
Okay... Im confused.... Who the heck is Derek Bieber ?
As a Riverlake resident, you will receive all of the amenities of this mature, quiet lakeside community, including lake & clubhouse access.
One paper down, one to go...
RT : So much need in communities for healthy food donations! Organizations aren't able to keep up with the need!
I hate when people say this but I just wanna say it one time .. #GetOnMyLevel (x
$PVSP currently has over 3 million in volume! price is at .024, these prices are a steal!
should be fun! RT : CRE people - check out the stream from #CRE tech savvy
Youth Foundation Raffle Skyglider bench is in place next to booth. Great photo-op. Tickets $5 or 3 for $10. Your backyard wants this.
voted already!
Dang. Mr.Happy Pants. lol Which One Better.?
my mom is a single mom so she loves the idea for #TurnToYou :)
On Saturday, we'll have free coffee all day from the awesome folks at ! Hooray for too much coffee!
Dear , I miss you. That is all.
Sounds like your in #paradise! You make sure you enjoy yourself!x
lol its all good welcome to twitter
Just got this text from my brother who is getting married in August:
too soon to work a breaking news Whitney Houston update?
oh okayy, hopefully he follows me(:
New chiodos album is awesome
Sometimes my mother just doesn't know when her opinion is needed.
Let's go avalanche!
That is truly a tragedy! Tell me it wasn't RT: 50k pounds of beer spilled this morning in Eden Prairie.
Us too! RT : Thanks! Look forward to learning more.
Today's the day(:
Hey youre beautiful :3 can I please get a follow please! I love you . Please make my dream come true !!
Gross! School tomorrow >.<
Thanks everyone for following me here on twitter! Help me try to reach over 300 followers!
: never said "abandoned" but said it was closed & it has seen its hours & programs slashed since '02.
So Raven Symone came out the closet.... *yawn* I cant say Im surprised honestly
I think i already did turn into a werewolf, I must of gottin hit by a car when i was wolf-sleep walking last night. Haha!
RT : What hurts the most is pretending it doesn't. ~ J Cole
-- last night I met a Pomeranian named Petron. Thought of you. Thought of kidnapping it and giving it a proper name, too.
John Daly just withdrew from Austrian Open after arguing a 2-shot penalty. Silly Euro Tour, John Daly never takes less than 9 shots at once.
I like the newest episode for #IAGAWI today!! Cant wait to be in Season 6!! Rocks!!
join the crowd!!
Our 2011 Green Cuisine award winner brought some extra yummy goodness to Urban Harvest this year!
trying to make myself like Twitter
Your the only one that rocks my world!
hey, you got it! hope you are too! happy humpday :D
Guys settle down, the water main break always happens after the spring break.
Columbus, finalement. Denison's metropolis. Citadel of OCLC. Adopted home of beloved in-laws. Refuge for the night.
I'm the same way....well..you're not alone(: I'm here
5 YO Sam: "Why do I have to take a bath? So flies don't fly around me?" Where did he hear that?
HELP: Need help with solutions for hosting video! Can you help?
S/O to Roxana K. & Roshod J. WELCOME TO THE FAMILY! Only 5more likes till we reach 500!!!!
your gonna cook me something? :)
drake went in!! lol. that new Big Sean and Meek Mill is too dope!!
“ Bum Ass CCP Another Day... <U+E410>”
And fieldnotes come up in breakouts!
love you too!!
This summer we'll be in Cali! Late like August though
My biology teacher is a pervert. LMFAO
Who is Joseph Kony?
Its here TikiDolls! What you've been waiting for! The Friday Outfit of Choice!!!!
NO. #verizonfios you smell! ahh! Why did you restart my movie!? #verizonfios <U+E023> <U+E107> <U+E40F><U+E108>
mom and kids playing 20 questions on metro- is your person on dancing with the stars? is your person Mitt Romney?
Follow-up Question from Sunday Worship: Having not experienced this Christmas season before, what are we planning that is “outside the box?”
Really? I think it's because nobody really likes Romney, Santorum is sectarian, Gingrich is irrelevant, and Paul is fringe.
not Sonny Bryan's ?? Lol
It looks to be based on Laurent Sansonetti's MacRuby project. Looks somewhat legit.
We try to recycle as much as possible. Also we use bio-fuel in our trucks.
This evening... attending a ceremony in which my son will receive an award for a poem he wrote. Excited & proud!
This "Home of Tomorrow-The Moon" illustration is kicking my rear end. I may have to split it up into two separate illustrations.
Due to circumstances beyond our control, Hierosonic WILL NOT be performing at Vexfest tonight. Our deepest apologies.
working on my profile and getting up to speed with this new network.
Who brought the good news bear? Get em some f***** honey!!!
Likewise! RT : Thanks! Glad to be among so many great people!
In Chicago. Let the week begin.
Over here crackin up watchin original kings of comedy..."I took a hammer n slapped the FUCK Outta em"
I swear everything looks fine before I send my tweets and then there's a fucking error on there. Who is doing this?!
This saturday night is gonna suck now my plans are all screwed up. Ah whateves. It was to good to be true anyways.
Stir up those dark clouds with your dreams.
If Google is going to make examples of big companies in headlines of national news, they need to be prepared to follow through everywhere
Panthers Win Home Opener 4-0! Note Game Time Change For Tomorrow's Doubleheader 11am & 2pm - Go Panthers!
""" Assets in your Attic ? "" Sell for free www.just-plug-in.com
you know I've had you and your family's back since day 1 back when you were in 2nd grade
Thanks for the RT and the comment!
Could be worse.
will be there tomorrow to check it out. Look forward to meeting
He's kind of hated me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidentally" with "repeatedly" & "dog" with "son".
are you really certified lol jk(:
Cranberry apple chicken walnut salad>>>
I have checked this, I just feel that no matter what there is going to be issues with any approach..
Ur one of my favorite bloggers. Just thought u should know. Loved ur webinar with the "Go 4 no" lady.
he irritating
At the airport, reading to jet off to ROMA!
Other way around, Jack. Gaddy owes taxpayers an apology for sucking up a scholarship on their backs.
#np Not fair - Lily Allen
can i not be sick now
Great seeing you on #4sqday! Also, just shot you that email; thanks so much!
Super moon appearing tomorrow night. Go out and take a look!
I'm ready!!
Watching Marilee Bresciani "how will we advance our humanity if we train people to be handed the answer?" Indeed.
that is important news, for some people.How are they "big" enough to have two shows there? Fleetwood Mac didn't get that.
No, my question was a little hard to fit into 140 chars :) Plus I didn't mention that I was looking for experience not rules.
Tecmo pedigree the ultimate intangible MT : Redskins sign undrafted CB Chase Minnifield, son of ex Browns CB Frank Minnifield.
Please oh please oh please tell me it's named "Happy Little Trees"
George Hill must have money on the spread...
always... same here!
u caught him in ur lap?
I'll make Heidi that scarf!
Study hard students...it's mid-term week!
Also, I keep getting text messages from someone interesting. This is pleasurably distracting.
I had a great day doing that too!
Restaurant Week starts tonight at Fuse! How about a little Sweetwater (watermelon, sprite, and sake) before dinner?
G O R G E O U S!!! I wear Silpada and this ring is just a beautiful!!
Plus Oxlade-Chamberlain is a great name. Bonus points for the assist.
Chalmers just created the contact with a swipe away but it's a foul on the pacers...swipe aways in nBA are out of control
Way too far :( I'm going to Michigan this summer tho! Lansing! :) billion hugs? Haha
Stop by for a little.
The other shoe drops; I just got my first piece of Pinterest spam.
Lol you still got it I see
no problem love!
thank you<U+263A>
Living in Oklahoma & completely hating country music<<<<
Mets announcers just referenced #NATITUDE and we are playing the Diamondbacks. Can't. Escape.
Getting up at 3am to drive from New Orleans back to Atlanta for back to back meetings was such a brilliant idea....
New York ---> Hong Kong
Sometimes I Just Wanna Get My Cat De-clawed.... -.-
lol i like that
Wow that's awesome
test drive
Thank you baby!! And yess you know it! Love you mas <3
“: 10 years from now were gonna look back at high school and think about how dumb” won't even take 10 years...enjoy the ride.
Early wake-up ...had a fun filled week-end playing Tennis and watching a $10.00 Tournament - facing the week with big expectations.
#Tennesee Higher Education Leaders focus on #College Completion Strategies with Gov.
holy shit. Enjoy the game!
Back to back seasons #Badgers and #mubb in the sweet 16. Hoping for better results this yr.
Working on Mojo's World website today! www.mojosworld.net WILL be back up by THIS WEEKEND!!! Stay tuned. :-p --- [thanks for your support!]
#nowplaying "Wonderland" by U.F.O. (2012)
It wouldn't be right if I didn't get mines too...
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Psalm 23:5
Netflix 1 star review of Dogtooth: "I'm giving it 1 star because the boy kills a cat. I love cats with the passion of a thousands suns."
good luck !
I'm speaking at JaneAusten fest this weekend so
call me asap 2252233855
and here we go again... booting up my Mac to Windows 7.... buckle up!
Fuuuuuck this is too much. #whycantthingsjustwork I'm so tired of dealing with shit. I just want everything to go smooth.
Allergies will seriously be the death of me. #dying <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
": @ hotel, I'm wide awake & is sleeping soundly... "I am awake since you tweeted me"....DUUUUUHHH!
When I hear Freddy Mercury's voice it does something to me. When I hear Chris Cornell's voice, it does something to my vagina.
RT ": Your cousin looks country strong out there. If I would tell him to do anything, I'd say he needs to get lower.
"Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare."
That video is fuc*ing crazy hot!!!
I don't know why Fish& Grits go so good together, but they do. Especially, creamy cheese grits w/tomato& cilantro topped w/!
Dude! I heard from Vinnie today. His new CD will be out in just a few months!
Mix the right ingredients and get sumthin amazing. Want proof checkout
So so so very excited about the things ahead!!!! :-)
Watching Tough Love Miami. I wish I had a mini on my shoulder everywhere I went. I learn so much from this show!
Loved the list - what a great resource!
I'm in BH at the Producers Guild's legal dept. But I ALWAYS make time for my folks. hit me up.
Doin'my darndest to stay out of it and keep it about the music. :-)
got it! Will do.
Really wish we woulda pulled that one out, helluva game,
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
A special thank you to Just ShutterUp for supporting CFC's #2013CFCTryouts this year!
See, this is why I go HOME on Friday night and get drunk, nobody to arrest me there :-) RT damn that sucks about Tania
GOOD. Now here's Tom's Diner in all caps: DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUP DUH DUH DUH DUP DUH DUH DUH
Nothing builds anticipation like booking the hotel room. I always want to wake up the next morning wherever I booked the day before.
The cost of love is high in 2012
who do you have winning in your bracket?
Looking for amazing DP w/passport for big project. Needs 2 have experience making documentaries. Able 2 travel Feb 29-March 5th to Colombia.
Headed to bar 4 to hear Ryan Ferriera solo guitar set. 9 pm.
happy thanksgiving to all you wonderful tweeters :) muahhh
what is this a lisy of?
Being in Munson is going to be dangerous: I'm right across the street from all of my favorite eateries: Roti, Whole Foods, BTS #excited!
...concerted to flow the creative of continuums. © dmp
Lol now get your butt back to the "A" and start your career.
4.I am a girl Turn On:When boys are themselves around you Turn Off:They just want some lips action ever heard of talking? Conversations? No?
Cinco De Mayo. Let us celebrate.
Some things are better left unsaid. And I wish that I could take back half of the conversations we shared.
nice job tonight! It only gets better from here... Let's Get Dizzy!
lol aw your sweet! :-)
Oh, I know! haha!<U+2665>
these pants make me look way tok skinny
Finding Cheap Landlord Insurance (E-Zine)
Wet, cold windy May So unlike Carolina That geese have flown south
is today THE day???
I'm good at helping with physical pain, not emotional. I can defend when I need to and offend when I need to. But I can't help with emotions
With the Beach Boys reunion happening, is Brian Wilson disappointed that he will probably have to play "Kokomo"? I'm sure he is.
u fucked wit da wrong boy connier im telling u
I wonder if J.Cole really fucked diggy's sister
follow me on instagram
Join the music revolution!
I agree. RT : I stand by my "someone forgot to submit something" theory.
listening to Christmas music in May.
Thank you for the tip. Which page?
good one....touché,
are you going to HP TechForum in Las Vegas next weekend? If so, drop me a note!
i miss you best friend! We needs ti hang out more :)
Kim looks amazing!!
If you don't have a peer group to lean on, you have no idea how much better your work and life could be... thanks friends!
Hidin from security in school
u want me to make u somethang.
ha ha! Scrapple is as scrapple does!
I just woke up, and I have less than 20 minutes to get ready. .-.
Welcome to our new followers! The 3Bet online store is opening later this month - stay tuned...
Looks great! And you know how we love a clean design...
The #EdmundFitzgerald porter from Great Lakes Brewing is possibly my favorite beer of all time. Where can I get it in houtx?
They definitely need to open a fuddruckers in indy
Goal of the Day: Not quite spring yet, but it's warm enough! Start spring cleaning by committing to clean out 1 rm/wk until the job is done!
okay bring whoever. And it's $10 to get inn <U+263A>
did you want to go?
- Haha Yea Its A Boy. (; Aye . KIDDING . Im Going Over the Asian Friend House.
We proudly serve three of Intelligentsia’s Iced Teas at Provence. If you are a tea lover, come visit us and enjoy a cup of...
#beatboston Knicks need this win!! Let's go Knicks!!!!
Remarks at the German Marshall Fund - US Department of State (press release)
Look for my interview with #IFBB Superstar #Toney Freeman this coming week...www.fitphysiqueradio.com
Doesn't get much better than this....well, can always get better but you know what I mean
I'll definitely check them out! Thanks!!
"Riches do not respond to wishes"
Massage Therapy is now considered in the discipline of Comparative & Alternative Medicine
Great convo over lunch w/Ogdensburg PL (NY) director. Look for stories soon abt thin clients, training, using donations...
is right here. ?
Good Morning
That man don't got no life, making us do them worthless projects, Bellworks, homeworks and assignments
ok, what's the one about that your watching?
I'm up. Now to get at 'em. May need to skip my regular morning coffee blend and go straight to the double shot espresso today...
We are, thanks! Cheers!
how we gonna hit up extra terrestrial intelligence when we dont even things on lock down here
now that's green transportation.
A very good morning family. I pray for you to have over happiness if you don't already. There's nothing like it.
I love you <3
at least that much ,huh
It's like the lakers had a bitch panties off and was fingering the bitch and she suddenly had a change of heart
clues start on Yesterday and Today which was news to me.
No way! Sorry to hear about your van guys. Hopefully you get that shizzle figured out asap.
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
GM tweeps EVERYTHING we run away from has power over us; ANYTHING we go through, we conquer.
bullshit....and you would know this how?!
Our Wellness Travaasas to help you decompress and recharge. It’s important to find peace after a stressful day. How do you let go?
Could not be more excited that they have already started to play the movie #Elf on TV!!!!
The postman is wearing sexy shorts today!
Made crustless pumpkin pie to "test" before the big T-day next week. It gets an A! M
Are you attending #govwebcon?
I mean not that its happened to me or anything but I mean in general
thx (: danielle went on her class trip today
#Random Thought: I wish that Spammers were more clever. No variety, no intriguing previews. So generic!
RT : Sandy Clough is going on a TEAR right now on #thefan #1043 and he is EXACTLY right about the #Rockies Preach. #noaccountab ...
: I don't take pictures for the sake of photographing. I take photographs to express what's going on inside of me. Rumio Sato
I'll introduce you to this amazing new concept. It's called a student loan (s). They're all the rage.
The one i love dearly Mr. Logan Henderson!! <3
Go to sleep LOL
You piss me off like no body else. The way that you roll your eyes makes me so upset. And when you smirk to my face it ain't hard to tell.
go find your own guests!
Things are coming into focus m
i hope you receive the good news on Monday when you call :)
Monday's are the worse. At least schools almost over. :/
he's fucking retarded.
Thanks for the tweet Rich
I love failing music theory quizzes! It's such a great feeling...
Beautiful day! <U+E40A>
Thanks Timothy! Great list, honored to be included. Definitely followed a bunch from it. Have a great weekend!
They be like "There he go!".
Peace comes with trust and faith. Knowing that the past has brought us today and that the future is an expression of our continued choices.
RT If you love your Florida Supporters!
Man, I wonder how the Man Vs. Food guy feels the day after. I feel sorry for the toilet bowl.
"Indonesia yanks Gaga gig, says she'll corrupt kids" #yahoonews But the terrorist bombings won't?
Fleury in net for the #Pens. He can tie franchise mark for most wins in a season w/ 43 & can also become franchise's all-time wins leader.
Watching Sprint Cup: STP 400 with Viggle Sun | 10:30AM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
My momma said fuk it nigga hit the streets & LIVE
Ur welcome! Happy Anniversary Mr and Mrs Ackles :D
-smiles-he's gonna be a big one
What should I have for dinner?
does the network snatch back the ring?
the blondes mating call.
can me and take like a million pictures w/ you when We see you at the air port and at hoot fest..?! xx :D
you sounded great last night on ! Brought back fun memories when I saw your first show at the #ryman many moons ago!
Fortunate to be building a strong relationship with a girl friend that I've known for over a year. It takes a long time
Why u say that?
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THAT HAPPENED. I swear on the souls of Lady Mary and Coach Taylor.
tweet you tomorrow...
Good Morning! A picture is a poem without words. -Horace
Go hard for me& mines we anit n need of SH*T!!!! & do it on my on no help at all
nice 'do, I think they call that haircut "the senator"
The name of the #ebook is A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart and its on #Amazon for 99 cents.
Another amazing Friday has arrived! Join us and the for tonight at Club50!
No, my Spanish book :p
Never drive faster than your Guardian Angel can fly.
Dude really just left that chick at the hotel and she got scooped up by some dudes
Haha RT : So pumped for this Kansas Ohio State game
RT : Former Michigan target. RT : Next year I will play at Ohio State !!
Sup, Andy? -John
will your little friend Greg be joining us all at Foxwoods?
I always end up crying in the end. >.>
There are def some folks here who'd agree w you. That's one fun thing about tech #startuplife: heated debates re: phone choice.
RT Conan: Last week an 11-yr-old boy interviewed POTUS. Boy asked what to do about bullying. Obama told the kid, Shut up, nerd
A girl worth fighting for <U+263A>
& tomorrow night at Sullivan Hall in NYC!! 18 & over!! 8pm!
our album " Better Than Bad " will be available on itunes. release date coming soon. no lables. no contracts. releasing it ourselves. DIY.
You mean like the giant Wall Street baillouts that we paid for? Yeah, the "owners" paid on that one. the owners got paid.
Most Relationships Fail Because Females Love Too Much, And Guys Love Too Many..
Nobody punches caroline channing, and gets away with it!
Hey, what's #usguys?
Word on the street, The Champ will be in the building the cheer for his hometown Cards!
“: S/O to the boy and #TheBartendaz.....#CantGetNoLouder” <
:D A saucy intern at that. LOL
Real nigga moment right now
B.o.b did that #106&park
I am a social media hoarder too. Now every time I log on I try to Unfollow a few folks.
I'm gonna try to go to bed. I guess tomorrow I'm just wingin it.
I bet it doesn't wiggle for you!
being "seen" to do good is often the new philanthropy #justdoit&dontaskforanythinginreturn
For a chance to win 2 tickets to the 85th Annual Golden Gloves finals 3/29 and 3/30 RETWEET this & follow !
Proverbs 17:22: A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. im pretty shy and quiet at first but after im not that shy anymore
Please come be the Gophers new AD,
So awesome. 1 of the people from my ACP class found me at the airport & bought me a beer!
agreed! I did that too!
Tia: whats that? Summer: if i touch it will it kill me?
My birthdays next week.
good luck boi!
They have been filming a movie here in Bmorenews for a few weeks. What is it?..:-)
3 weeks til my b day it's gonna be a memorable 1
Tonight my 2-yr-old stuck his fingers in 3 unattended cupcakes, bit into a 4th cupcake, and walked off with a 5th. He's like Goldilocks.
More Workshops with Luis De La Tota are coming to Solo Flamenco! Sign up via our website or at the Studio!
I love ! You've proven to me how strong and successful a girl can be thank u for everything! I love u! Please follow me <3
#LetsBeReal some dudes act like lil boys instead of a grown ass man
YES! you know first hand all about AZ. It's a shame because it could be a good place, but they keep diving to the right.
next week would be better for me, but I could do Thursday before the World Bank/Interaction workshop
The Eaton Collection at Riverside is _the_ pilgrimage site for SF scholars, and now I get to go there twice next year.
loved meeting u <3
"we are often better served by connecting ideas than we are by protecting them" Where Good Ideas Come From by
Rangers/Devils game was intense. I've never seen a 5-min fist fight 2 seconds into game at puck drop before.
It's too hot in LA :(
Let's finish up strong!
It's not too late to register for tomorrow's Speakers including our founder + president !
Should I bother making a 2011 mixed cd for Christmas? Do people want those anymore? Pesky cd, have to load into iTunes, synch to ipod, etc..
especially when you in the crib by yoself. lol. spooky.
well put dear!
when r u free I get outta work at 1!
anyway man, thanks for the great music, not only does your guitar playing skills match up with the greats your song writing is legit. Thanks
i get it in 5 days but ive been driving since i was 5. hahaha wait how old r u
Hi Kelly, sorry if we didnt get back to you last year on that 2x1 polo sale...as you can imagine it was super crazy in August
M eat healthy while doing P90x for the best results. Contact me and I can give you specifics.
Goodnight everyone.....
Blue Angels flying around #Seattle Day!
I admit though I do need to work on how fast I get mad at my man
Steven Martin's white hair is starting to gray. Makes sense. “: Got my first gray hair today.”
YES!!!! You don't like it too? THAT IS Such GOOD news! Because you would have had a LOT of explaining to do. :o)
still up in the press box for I'll stop by the auxiliary media center and say hello! Happy Derby, brother!
I hereby submit "Juan Carlos" as the #newespresso name. ;)
be safe girly!!! Miss you already, have a good summer :)
I can't with you. lmao
Philly Sports: The Juice: Dodgers beat D-backs in brushback battle, Matt Kemp goes on DL (Big League Stew)
Our friend keeps talking about something coming in 2013. Anybody have any ideas?
oh no :( i hope you don't
You don't scare me stair mill...
Ask not what my machete can do for you, but what I can do to you with my machete.
Student: "So you're saying it's not complicated, but don't feel retarded if I have to ask for help."
We hit our goal! 100 new likes just since Saturday! Thank you everyone for all your help!!!
Re: The mornings are 500 times better when I get up at 5...Amen to that! Love those quiet hours!
Hey shawtys it's been an amazing year
don't take ur pent up Vol fan rage out on God fearing southerners who just want the damn unis to match the checkerboards!
not yet - needed to handle a few things - working in my hotel room! Will be there around/after lunch and tomorrow
Prydz. Wolfgang. Porter. ID ticket capped.
lol ull see, ill be in contact with u when kobe gets that 6 ring
Excellent work, Team USA. Applause to you and your ice skates.
do it!
awesome man
Love your new Christmas album Justin keep working hard<3
good ?! We didn't know in advance. We always notice tweets that mention tours/docents, but knowing it was encouraged was new.
now he mentioned brownie! bob errey u r my hero!
Decided to hit Bikram. Let's join hands & pray I don't pass out. It's been a long time.
Laid two tracks down, fuckin tired
Rice University rolling through the city.The Rice Centennial METRORail: via
Funny how fake people are
oh boy! Just be glad you didnt pay $100 each forthe tickets! Can you imagine?!?!
It's Tiramisu Tuesday!!!! Come in and eat it up!
are you thinking about the Green Dot Saloon on Lafayette in Detroit? just in case... great truffle fries there.
I read you found a job. I do hope it is one you like.
text mee! My iPad is dead
T_T RT : yup, you a bitch. And the Bulls got knocked out
Just looked those up - they would work. Thanks! He wears fancy striped sweats from Boden a lot.
RT : RT Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to achieve it. #<U+261A>THAT
"Why can't you stay just long enough to explain?" When It Rains -
I am getting some interesting messages O.o
y'all are sweet :) Happy Mother's Day to you both!
Not sure that whole group discussion is going to help individuals solve their institutional problems. How to fix this?
Now that students are gone, I set up a coffee station right in my office. Now I can embrace my caffeine dependency all summer.
Thomas Jefferson was the first head of the patent office
Dump the ones that are not providing any value to you are your business. It screws up your Followers / Following ratio.
Miss playing with his dreads lls
faux pas... a total blunder! #YOLO seriously?!
Hey Guys!! just wanted 2 say a special thank you for all the #mofone #support! Can't believe they will be here so soon-Nov! Spread the word!
Writing prof published students' work w/o comp & sold the books as required class reading & to write essays on crap stories.
has made it passed the first round of #harvard competition.
Doing my nails they look.so cute
please notice me!!! please 20
Where do you live?
does somebody have a good gif of Austin? i wanna use it at my tumblr.
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die ~Buddha
happy moms day to super mom!!!!
what Dose rt mean
haha! Because it's loud and smelly:)
ikr!!! haha, sorry for the late reply. well, i like eyes set to kill, the maine, chase coy, the ready set, flight 409, ect.. you?
sorry I was mainly talking to her anyway. :P
thanks Aaron. (:
Lessons I've learned from being a mom # 1: they will act perfectly fine, until I get on the phone.
“: Justin Bieber should go on #EmbarrassingBodies . Looking like that just ain't normal.” You're prob fat eating yo noms
Thanks cute girl ! Your recommendations on donut grubbery are spot on.
&&follow your dreams they are worth reaching for(: jamminq to JB your my common denominator:D
Oh yes, a nuke didn't work, but a team of swimmers armed with knives can overpower these superfish. That's some brilliant strategy.
i'm fine thanks for asking(: How about you?
haha might just have to go to legoland then!
Day still dragging?
Girls need to be a little more classy at my school. Don't wear a romper if half your ass is gonna hangout..
My band will be @ Park Meadows Mall today from 3-430 to sell tickets to our show this Friday in Denver. 1st person to meet us gets free tix
will I be seeing you tomorrow?!
/ tends to be big complaint from attendees as well. I was thinking multiple (sponsored) wifi hubs to keep speeds high.
I follow the best thinkers! Honest. A pleasure to just read and RT!
Who's Sherry?
You are not the 1st, nor the last, my friend. Like Guy, I'm a big fag trapped in a woman's body.
that's just about a perfect representation of my spideroak situation. even better (& more appropriate?) b/c it's in cartoons.
hey can u dm the link??
Riding around blowing #Lemonhaze bumpin #reasonabledoubt wit & Todd2. then studio lock in wit
is my new favorite little girl she is a little ray of sunshine
is this some sort of sick experiment? Did you lose a bet?
Holy crap, Mitt Romney is rich! Never would have expected that.
We are an i library but I hate the nickel & diming. I'm also interested in LibraryThing for Libraries' mobile catalog product.
“ “ I never allow my GirlFriends to argue with Bitches while they wit me...that make you look bad And its not Classy !”
Talking to autmn and listening to a baby laugh lmaooo
Retweet to win- One follower wins a $25 visa gift card. #freebie #contest #starbucks #win We are Ant Fuel #WebDesign, #Development, and
Mentaly i'm done with him but physicly i want him soo ...BAD !!
#Instagram + Facebook... thoughts?
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts. Actin like its tha best label and shit. Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit.
Dec 6th????????? Update please
Are you get a new P.O. Box so we can send you things when you move to Miami? If so please tweet us it! Thanks and good luck <3
HELLO YES, THIS IS DOG!
thank you for your comment on my works and thanks for following me.
Barnes &amp; Noble Offers College Application Organizer
You can tell me stories of how hes stupid but I can tell you #1m reasons y he's the 1 4 me When I die hes the last face I want 2 c! I luv ya
right!?!? Every single road I use to go anywhere is torn up.
what I see as ignorance, is the fact that so many Americans bought into the fact that the 9/11 attacks were made by
That's the best kind of day. :)
RT ": Schools don't fail students...students fail themselves"
If Andy Samberg leaves #SNL, who will do my beloved #NicolasCage impression??
Will do! Maybe I'll come scoop you up in it. Hope all is well.
Oh...I love that idea...I'd need more orange and yellow though!
did any body watch xfactor...simon says its like a bunch of justin bieber dolls gone wrong......soooooosoooooosooooosoooo FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Here's a strategy: be a human. Post a lot when U can. Don't when U can't. B nice. Don't just toot yr own horn. /endstrategy
Fire Sherman. 3 former Avs goalies dominating playoffs. Anderson, Elliott and Theodore. Meanwhile they gave up their 1st rounder
nothing son jas games saturday
I hate strapless bikini's/shirts simply because it looks like it suffocates your boobs.
SUPER agitated right now..
"I hate dumb ass people" #QOTD spoken by my
Boomer Travel Tip: Feb. 13th - Remember the location of your parked car at the airport by leaving a note in your phone or voice recorder.
I LIKE EM THICK, LIKE SOFIA VERGARA'S ACCENT
Zora Neale Hurston~ I want a busy life a just mind and a timely death.
Shut up big head
#PeopleJamesHardenlookslike a homeless person
Our musicians still haven't shown up. About time to bust out
I want a slice of Steve's right now!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0095>
Bow chicka wow wow
I think it's cute ;)
I'm w/ the PTA ( & ) I'm looking to partner w/. Parents are REALLY into positive relationships w/ teachers!!
around here
I am utterly confused.
I'm mad at u lol, I'm "going to bed" again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Let get it started in here. A party in here! It's Hedo days! Welcome Emily and all of
#Raw Wow R-Truth is corny now. Like, embarrassing
My good mate Adrian, who I consider a brother to me. tried to cheer me up, thanks mate ur a good brother :')
This is shaping up to be a great weekend!
I hope the Rays are ready for the Ceej. Cause they are getting NO runs today. And they're starting a rook. This should be fun.
RT : GOAL! JP Rodrigues scores for the Milwaukee Wave!
OMG no way. I'm about 99% sure that you & I left for college on the same day. 10 years? What??
Thx for coming! Merry Christmas!
What a beautiful day to have a Business Camp
ill look like a total freak =)) RT : Ur going to wear a 3baya whether u like it or not<U+263A>
Probably not gonna go to bed until midnight. Still smoking, still sitting in the kitchen. And I still have to go to school in the morning.
The good girls get hurt the most”
No, you didn't meet him but thank you for remembering. What'd you think of the fight? You watch?
Kind of excited to see what some of these players can do for the
Love - like a cat: it is still scratch you, even if you wanted to just play with it.
you are in for the slumber party this Friday, yes?
I'm glad I've learned not to think too far into things.
Miami welcomes you back!
Good goin' sport!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when i just said she is so cute and he says hes a boy 0_0
I hate when people call for bail but don't have any money.
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
I'm a reporter for KPBS and wonder if you'd be willing to talk about your reaction to bin laden's death today - 619-252-1693
yea man flamingo all day u?
Emmet Cohen was the last guy's name
Just tapped Anthem Apple Cider.
Despite Mpls traffic's attempts to stop me, I made it to & thru the galleries to David Zambrano performance w/1 min to spare.
happy Friday to my friends; , , , ,
Thanks, Maylene! enjoy the rolls!
awe that's cute<3
yes plz :) I DM my email
Its Salsa Mondays at Dance Bethesda !! The Fun starts at 8pm. See you tonight!
man dawg stop
Today was great!!
From one veteran to another, thank you for your service.
Happy birthday <3
Who's excited about on June 4th at ? Um, we are!
70 and clear skies here in Texas :)
Royal Wedding? lol what is this, the dark ages?
We have so much in common!
This day is going by so sloww
Sorry I've been gone so long!
- cool stuff and a great way to co mingle all the future smart products
Really sad I'm missing this (minus the line). Whoa the line for Missoni for Target pop up is already over a block long
Everryone else is tweeting a lot so why can't I??? :D
Thank you for following! :)
"Pro-poverty policy" woo...o..o?
What city best exemplifies the spirit of Route 66? We'd love to hear which one and why!
I am going to need all the advice I can get! Thank you! I am excited to explore.
yep, nice read. Seems like a good guy.
Ok, no quotes today ... The Family Fish Farm website should be up Wednesday, next, the 10th ... pray for us.
good morning Bailey(: ik it's like 3 in LA but its 6 in Texas. Lol hope you have a good day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
no sorry :/ it's taking a lot longer than expected to upload haha
Mike! Any new news on the new Us album??
Soo excited!!! My leonardo (car) is finally going to be back in possession. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
@ performance of Elijah. Am digging angry, violent old testament God.
Fun and fuckin games! Til I say other wise
Posted at tha crib bored af it's raining out here in cali
awww D Thanks!!! Love you Lil' man!!! KIT with me throughout the day and I'll keep u posted!!!
we still on for next weekend?!
The peace that passes all understanding is my song
Oh, Paris is smiling today!
So what's your favorite song by We Are Defiance?
Join us every Thursday for Thirsty Thursday’s at The Grateful Palate. Free wine tasting from 5-7 p.m . Please RT!
Word RT : “: So Ma$e is back again? *yawn* i'll pass on that” <-- he's the biggest scam artist to EVER do it. Sheesh
I am cordially inviting you to Doc It Foundations event on Thursday Sep. 22 at KAVACHNINA Contemporary at 46 NW 36 St. 33132. See you there!
The #PublicInterest #LawScholars program application will be available November 1st
want to F'n Puke!! Would've loved a shot at Pats..oh well
Can't have facial hair?
i know the feeling! I've been building my own tan back up haha
what a special day :)
Accomplishing My Goals And Making My Dreams Come True <3
Will the Resistance 3 survivor pack be available for North America?
Why does the following headline sound... inappropriate: "NFL player shows off his exotic pet "
lol #dreamjob. think we should apply together, this could be your golden ticket to the world of male modeling.
A lot of people say you should only eat food that is local and organic. Buying from markets farther away is apparently bad for the planet.
Rome wasn't built in a day
#pll A will be revealed. #psyched <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
www.soundclick.com/biggcountryakabeatmonsta for inquires
I keep trying to sleep but my mind reminds me of everything going on in the world. :/
Nose stuffy , eyes puffy , dry mouth , headache , yup being sick is horibble .
The hardest part of packing for a trip is deciding which teas to bring. We're going to Japan for Christmas, do we bring any tea at all?
What time are you guys going to wait for the wristband things ?
#NewMexico has endured a lot of heat and wind this week! I'll tell you what our weather looks like through NEXT Friday tonight on KOB 4!
#KONY ...the only black guy who wants kids.
nick is hot .... just saying hes bangable =]
Absolutely! I agree with Griffey that they could (and might) bypass libraries and create a subscription service.
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for my healthy family and friends, espresso jello shots, and mashed yams.
She needs to shut up!!!! Ugh so annoying
breakfast looks yummy!
Suck my #dragonballs bitch call me
“: I love your twitter name :D” Thank you!:)
Thanks for the shout out!
Did you watch the UNC-Duke basketball game? So painful to lose like that. :(
My bullet wont help nomore smh
Branding takes time. Its something you have to work at...
I'll always support you Michael! You're a good person & a great friend. Hope your back gets better. Have a great weekend. :)
lovin my Nexus S 4g...beats my old iPhone hands down!
Thanks! I sort of dig the way one can add art, color, video, and such on G+, but it's lonely over there.
you will!! Milkshakes are the new thing :) haha you know I love you!
Obviously! That's almost the best part of the experience!
Time for bed.. Goodnight world <3
very cool! don't you love it when students begin to own their learning?
The death penalty: Killing people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong. #BIG Contradiction
Congrats to for winning male singer and justin getting slimed was the best thing ever :)
Please Follow and subscribe to us on keek. <333 TheMahomies3
I'm a Hombre Lobo :o “ i am vampira”
I justify my own fines w/ "more new books for the pub library!" RT : I just paid $20.00 in overdue fines. I'm a bad librarian.
how goes your weekend?
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever.
Not a problem over here. RT : Loool, sorry, got excited over books. Well, excuse me. :D
MKG on the bench RT : How is Louisville down only six?
Off to Baltimore to visit Ft. McHenry & spend time in inner harbor area. Kids asked to watch Legally Blonde 2 on bus but forgot
they should be called Gillianaires.
Humiliation, they name is
Not quite. I'm in Patisserie Valerie eating an almond tart, moments after bumping into a convicted criminal.
Sounds like a plan! Pre-show pizza!
I am thinking of making my old hometown (that I've avoided for decades) my next vacation destination.
THANK U
You need therapy....really... GET HELP
Cats be trying TOO hard to be smart...lol
yep. We spoke this morning for The New Thing Network. Jud speaks tomorrow afternoon. Can't wait to see you!!
This. Is. Great.
Destroyed 30 wings today at buds between & I. It twas a good lunch to say the least!
Top of the mornin to the rest of you twatters out there; and happy Friday ! :)
I normally am too. Hoping to pick up produce tomoorow morning
ANYONE know how to say "handstand push-ups" and "overhead lunges" in Spanish?
I expect you to be in Portland this weekend?
Conner just got home -__- im sorry its a school night
2nd cup of coffee time!
Let the snarky comments begin: RT iPad…is it as good on my heavy days as it is on my light days?
I don't give a shit what happens off the field. Id let Charlie Sheen be head coach if he was winning us bowl games.
With compliments like that you get free wax job!
Romney tends to TALK when he's lying. RT : Romney tends to laugh when he's lying. Good to know when watching the debates.
good one f*cker...antivirus software right?
It sounds like Wilpon had a few bourbons before making critical comments about his own #Mets players.
#df11 is for the Dreamforce Cloud Computing at Moscone, see tweet below to get a ticket. Last year was informative.
Connect with others! www.knowledgesafari.com Write reviews! Join us!
No abstracts.
Situational Irony: Reading "The Turn of the Screw" while trying to turn a screw.
ohhhhhkay Chump!! It ain't over til it's over! See you in Delray "bro" lol
The girl from Colombiana is bad as fuck..
what up
Do I keep following Rick Ross on Instagram now that every picture is of ugly Reebok sneakers?!
what happened to ma real niggas looked up and they was gone
can't go wrong either way - classic aviators are the 'ish.
Into VW's? FireHouse CustomZ will begin a couple old Beetle Restos!
Morris Claiborne looks nice. True?
Tebow haters stop raising the bar...at 1st they said he couldn't play at all...then he couldn't win...now it's he can't win Superbowl.
I will tweet my way to mastering complex <140 character statements.
Cooking channel : great recipes for quick and easy meals. ~~~~~ alton brown
how about you guys wear the dresses after and I are done with them.
the creepiest part about it is you found me.. haha
Someone very nice?
The way I am it's all my fault
no problem :-)
": Just rolled in with for an concert at the palladium!!" You like .??? Marry me.
THEIR LITTLE KIDS ARE SO CUTE OMG
I think its hot
Losing isn't an opinion...
Follow #NewGroutNow on twitter. See how they help Ronald McDonald House Charities w/ clean and green tile/grout/antimicrobial services.
Who loves the cow? Giving free hugs today. NYC Midtown.
Can you provide an email address for me. Ive tried contacting one of your writers about out dishcrawl event. Email was inactive.
#thingsIgottateachmy son: to respect all women, no exceptions.
no it most certainly is not
Brendan Schatski, sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, is biracial, bilingual, bicultural, having an American father and a Thai mother!
From now on, I'm only fucking with people who keep that shit 3 Hunna. Nothing less
Happy mothers day ma nigguuh!!
I've never heard you chew before c: but some people do it all ugly.
The Drums are playing tonight!
Just arrived home. Great film crew - Paul from NY, Petr from Prague, and Jonas from Amsterdam!
protagonist of MY life . . antagonist of YOUR life .
My cat thinks it's play time. I think it's #indexing time.
hey handsome hope you are well!
lol. just saw a little kid palying wit a gameboy advance !
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK BANKING SYSTEM WOULD COLLAPSE ON EURO EXIT. Remember this quote in 1 month
Welcome to day 12 of #drupa Visit #Xerox hall 8b if you want to focus on what matters most - we'd love to help you
STAY LAUGHING AT THESE DUCK ASS HOES!!!!!!!!!!
then send it to him!
i find it hard to explain how i do my hair, i just do it, if there is a certain way i wanna dye it or cut it then i do it, nothing to it.
Listened to the whole 1D album today in us history.... :)
Bargain Hunters Take Note: Insider Cluster-Buying At MXWL
I'm so over people. Shit is pointless. It's all pretty entertaining though. Lololol.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. - Lana Turner
She was chillin lookin hot in her bead smokin pot. And I kept my distance, I was the good boy.
love is in the air.... FALSE. nitrogen, oxygen, argon and carbon dioxide are in the air.
Goodnight yo? Really? Did I really just get goodnight yo?
Changing the #CTC could affect 5.5 million kids. Terrible affect on levels of poverty.
:3 RT : #Virgos like perfection, though they are not perfect . They are the closest thing that you'll get to it .
- thanks for the mention this morning!
left-overs are great lunches.
Here we go--Honduras 2012 is underway! Prayer and fundraising starts now!!
Has anyone signed up for the savings club on coupons.com? Wondering if it is worth the money.
Linux Mint 12 installed on the new cheap netbook. Let the games begin.
RT if you love Thomas Miceli c: OUR BOYZ ARE FLAWLESS.
Thanks OHCircuitRider for the global video of "Stand By Me", it was great!
Sometimes I call my dog Dugatha Christie. Is that gay?
I have been well. Thanks
Sure thing! Looking forward to it. :-)
great moods are always good! ha
phew! we're not the only ones... RT My hair is still wet from the shower I took at 8 this morning.
very cool. What book?
I hear a bad joke in there? Wear white for women's rights. Sounds like some setup for a wet time in a bar. Bad choice of color.
12 students showed up for John Brown's trial. Ah the power of extra credit!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
told Dot Jones 2 her face. "Emmy winning performance" on Glee 2 nite @ Academy Screening. Awesome #'s & Michelle Nailed it!
all of your food pictures is making me hungry :) How much for the bike?
I'll be in Rome and Milan for the White Milano Fashion Trade Show, do you work with anyone in Milan?
Let's get this party started!!! W/ &
Aw! I like John Mangin. And I wish you were here for SXSW.
- He is getting close, He could make a huge difference it he mentions or supports the amendment to get money out of politics.
Are these the same refs that called Syracuse-Ashville?
It's called a simple pull up from 5-7 ft.
Jus got 3 packages from "The School of Law": Ohio State Moritz, CSU-Cleveland-Marshall, & U of Dayton. Not ready to open those...
How the hell Rite Aid gonna be out of #Doritos!
I'm gonna shoot a bitch
Lol funny when your ex want's you back. They actually realized what they had.
Feels like Florida already... 3 days!
Painting a ceiling tile.
Needs to go back to bed :(
God help me triumph over my enemies with large amounts of wealth and happiness
Awww, so cute!
#nisoEbook vendor and platform providers panel discussion inc reps from ebrary, EBSCO, EBL, Ingram, and Books at JSTOR
hey girl !
are you serious?
“Any man can win when things go his way, it's the man who overcomes adversity that is the true champion.” --Jock Ewing
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES c:
SPRING BREAK!!
a rooster is the perfect alarm clock except when it comes to the turning the alarm off.
Who'd going to watch wall to wall English league soccer today? Not me.
What time y'all gonna be there til? Got 6 hungry locals!
That could only be a DC quote.
Warning to the C-USA/NCAA is about to be FREE and do his thing.
I have officially rump to bring a junior next year
are you sure you can handle it? J/K
OH MY GOD WHAT MY SISTER JUST SAID IM SERIOUSLY ABOUT TO DIE OF LAUGHTER.
lol I'd rather have T.Swift and Miley though
hopefully in an hour or so bro...what's up?
Reading Calloway's "New Worlds for All" and I cannot help but wonder how a glorified lit-review made it on my quals list...
I like you too and you really need the virtue of patience that is all
Cheers, thanks for joining us! RT : Enjoying pregame meal 's in The Ritz.
yeah... frank mccourt is totally on top of it
he said i told him it would be easy
Eric Mill, #SunlightFoundation now has formal program to assist foreign governments that want to be transparent.
thanks for saying you love us we love our followers and would do anything to make them happy
Mom's on a date.. and i'm jealous.
I did go through the steps. Since I had a picture and was just unable to get the guide (920 errors), the rep stopped there.
Good thing I didn't go with you! haha
Don't forget about the meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Newbury st. at Jack Wills. Hope to see ya there! - .xx
Waiting for my sister !!! Hurry up lol
I'm so going to need coffee tomorrow morning lol :p But that's ok. It's totally worth it. We've been waiting for 9 months, so yeah. ;D
at least you're still better than Bieber. lol.
Need help splitting frequenciess :/
always the hard way.
So excited for premiere week! Can't wait to get home and watch some good TV...
I ain't settling for anything less than everything. <3
Is it not?
They look at it like a challenge": Actually never....now that I think about it. This is the first time it's ever been like
you too!
oh wow. Well that's...wow. I am surprised. Thought you were all gungho about getting a job.
Why do bachelors like smart women? Opposites attract.
I did it can u help thank u
Wah! It's it even really been winter yet!
Bye bye Bloomberg TV
No one wants advice, only corroboration. ~ John Steinbeck
GB Fumble!!! Let's capitalize ATL...
Wow, took long enough RT : Fox Sports partnering with Fuel TV will carry one live event each month.
Riding to Nap with the homie .. On
nice presentation Bruce, thanks!
awesome. demos his hack of a on #DPLA data
Great profession u have
parkgate weather for you
we should chat later. Also get some sleep :)
Seeing The Avengers in 3D because 3D was our only option. Was it shot in 3D? Hope so.
I think we're in it for the fun of singing and it makes little diff who's around to hear it. And also we can keep some of the songs.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
#TyLawson & #JohnWall The 2 Fastest Players In The NBA Them Boys Run Like Jets 2 Young Future *ALLSTARS*
What is going on why is everyone messing with you.??
Our Dane County Board unanimously approved medicinal Marijuana - Madison Wi. Check out OnlineRehabClinic.com.
can you stop mentioning me in ur tweets? Thanks!
Just saw Cried during most of it. And couldn't help but think Zac Efron pulled some HSM moves
Thanks Brian!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
feeling less foxy these days, twitter handle changed to something I won't feel awkward saying at a poker table.
Yeah. Anyway how are ya? It's Jenny btw XD
Thanks! We appreciate your support :)
sorry to hear.... no no wait, I'm not. HAHAHA
OK. 800 words today. That is the goal for my book. Rewriting chapter two and fleshing it out. Oh, the agony!
What word did you play to do that? Whatever it was, it should always be kept in mind!
Me and on the same page, these fools pooooo.
NICNOS TONIGHT 8-11 - rounding out our great weekend of music at Whiskey Chicks!
"You know what it's alright b/c my boo probably has fed exed me a new pair of shoes!"
love him!
you NEVER need it, yet you ALWAYS do...
Join us Tuesday at SNHU for Iron Design Event -- NHCC's signature annual design competition. Come see "how the sausage is made" as you wat…
Fckn phone was dead..
Hey! We're up early! Why not start the day together? Might I suggest our #2? Two Eggs, Roast Beef or Italian Hash, & Toast! It's de-lish!
getting close to locking in a 3% refinance after our talk/final push. remind me to fetch you guys dinner btn omegaevents.
hey you guys go like DJ IceCold Of ColumbusGA fan page for me
This is one of the best Saturday afternoons I've had in a long time
Aww quit crying
hey ur coming over tomorrow !!!!!! i cleaned my room lol
thank you for the retweet.
Marquette come out and make your Monday Gyrotastic by stopping by our cart in front of Raynor for lunch!
You're a runner too? Are you training for anything?
thanks for the mentions!
I have a weird fascination for FUNs We Are Young music video
great job today enjoyed your coverage.they are on fox this year
oh aight. you gone hoop for the army?
Goodnight to all of you!! I and Jesus loves u all!!!
Remember to keep Japan in your thoughts and prayers.
I usually tell mom to get her ass in the kitchen and make me food like shes meant to but today I'll have to make her food..
Omg there are legit tears streaming down my face! Gahhhh this movie always breaks me down dammit
you'll be waiting for a long time lmao:-)
- good one Veezy=
OH MY GOD. #KillMeNow Hahahaha awkward.....awkward...awkward. Hahahahaha
I Love Taylor swift!!!
do it! RT #parklife people surprise me! Ignore the weather/daylight savings laziness & come early! I'm on at 1:15pm
Thank you!
Thanks to DDB, Page TVI and Sasquanaut for another great show at Wong's, back to the studio we go!
watchin Florence & the Machine stream on Youtube. looks&sounds awesome! Thx for the midnight soundtrack to work to.
Wine and Special K for dinner. What?
my mom seen you on #RHOA reunion and thought u were so cute, "who is that". I had to let her down easy, tell her you were gay :)
Wow, my NATURAL gorgeous hair just hit 27.55 inches!! No weave needed here!! <3 BEING REAL!!!
Working on a preso about innovation. Question for my TB's, what traits do innovators have? Thanks!
Tons of people playin' on our comps! Need some more people for Halo Reach! Come join the fun!
i think sundaaayyy im not sure what timee
new banger drops today tweet #burghorlandoami and help us trend!
I miss my doggy :(
these plim sole shoes are slippery, plim is a funny word
its cause yolo
RT Thanks! Happy
What did just now to cheer me up >>>
did you guys hire me yet? ;-)
yeah and he's going to Miami, maybe you guys can get Tebow
I always get embarrassed for goofballs who try to rock the national anthem.
Is anyone else's power out in Derby?
As soon as I got to your site, two ads started talking at the same time. I left in a hurry.
couldn't agree more
Good Friday morning! Finally....
G: "This book I'm editing uses the word #$%& a lot." K: "Don't tweet that."
True. When is that announcement? RT : next year the games will be on CBS. Won't be a problem. #GoBlues regardless.
Thanks Nikki! I appreciate all and any support. :)
I need someone to go #hatting with, you wanna help me out with that problem??? (:
pretty bad. Do you have any good pointers?
can u send me the link to boyfriend plz?
dinosaurs still rule this world
did you hear him say that blackpower bull??!!
Dont miss the first day of Bags, Baubles & Ballgowns tommorrow at ! This event is hosted by Angel Charity & admission is $10
Something smells like umm. Pizza.
Just put my vote in my dude...Dope material...Definetly one of the best producing in the game homie.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and help them become what they are capable of being. ~ Goethe
Well said! - "We are a country of headline readers" -
I love you like a love song(;
-hugs you tight- Ey Mate!!!!! -in an aussie accent-
Ryan, LLC is currently hiring Tax Compliance professionals in Atlanta, GA and Downers Grove, IL. Please visit our website and apply today!
:-D get psyched, because I am almost finished with a cover of what's my age again. I know, different band haha.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
we have too many twitter names!!
hahahaha I kno! Lol my plan is to be outta the house for as long as possible, fucking shit up
#bretbaier If you become President will be bought off/influenced by the military industrial complex?
Wouldn't it be fucked up if Steve Austin was lactose intolerant and they called him "Cold Stone" Steve Austin instead?
Check Out our Ultimate 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and $4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
Feel a lil better cnt wait to kick it wit sis tonite at dinner
Our publication dedicated to simple know-how marketing principles will be available as an e-book on July 19th.
Chad's first pick for the morning in the shower is "Time to Pretend." guess he needs a pep talk.
I'm so not going to get done what I need to get done tonight.
Is it because you're on Crying Baby Airlines, a Subsidiary of Bitchy Attendant Air?
Off to Lisa's for an afternoon of cleaning.
Hey im following both of y'all but no one DM'ed anyone....
I read about that on a website.. (its just a joke)
LOVED your musical piece this morning! It made my day and had me laughing on the way to work.
9:31am and I am OVER this day. How's your Wednesday?
#10FactsAboutMe 5) I surround myself with beautiful people. Not only the pretty or nice but the whole package. I decide what's beautiful.
We're not even together but I'm diggin him that much.. :-)
Love is a losing game
Bahahahahaha so true!
You, Sir, are on. Authors on twitter- great! Now if only I could get to respond to a couple of questions about his work.
oats, almonds, raisins, maple syrup, butter (earth balance), 350 for 12 min intervals until golden. can use other nuts or fruit.
Me too. And Saturday as well haha.
Haha MT : I'll be shaking hands w business people in front of a globe 2day if any stock photographers want 2 make some easy cash.
I'll be there by 9AM!
Darn it, I really meant 1 lot not 10. Maybe I shoud reduce the leverage to 10:1 ?
Ugh early day tomorrow and I was tired all day why can't I fall asleep...
man this stream sucks. freakin weather. i just want to see a clean last 5 minutes.
Cus your ah joke.
correct. It also means you're not a type A anal creep :) it means you're pretty cool. Well done!
Getting a new suit. No budget. Obviously need you.
Can we blame HABC for trying? maybe...
that's where the teen mom girl with the twin is from! haha Maybe she was there...
Why did you have to tell me that..
i want twitter s*x with u
My tape has sent. It's the first one I ever made. Hope you enjoy. Thanks:)
Always strive to get ahead but never infringe upon the rights of others.
Hey it was great to see you again.If you like Chai, we have a great Apple Spiced Chai too.See you soon
I WASTED MY MONEY YESTERDAY AND NOW I CAN'T BUY THE MAGAZINES THAT JUSTINS IN OMFG SHOOT ME.
I keep getting force closed errors on Friendcaster tablet beta. Any news on when a new build might be out or a release date?
that lil boy couldnt be baptized! the water boiled away before he could get put in it! mwahahaha!
Come visit man! RT : That's why you are loved Cubby, the door is always open. Hope you are keeping well?
RT : Tune in tomorrow at 8:30am 4 all the SAN DIEGO black Friday deals from on
Hey bros thanks for wondering if I survived last night. I did btw #freerides where can I find yall?
Ed named Coached Inc. Mag Ent of Year, "has developed an extensive rolodex of national & int'l resources to solve & accelerate businesses."
Im always looking for suggestions.
Facebook sucks cuz I have to deal with people I know smh
Happy #Easter everyone!
#MeFact I have an OBSESSION with Hello Kitty!:)-Kelly
I know right we are #TeamVIOLA. WE ROCK
I thought it was an intriguing hypothesis. ;)
Too many people see it as a business and want to cut corners with art and setup...
haha so true! I have to go so I will talk later ! tell your friends I miss them please C:
Oh yeah baby! BOB was outstanding.
God is interested not only in saving us, but also in helping us in our daily activities. What A God We Serve!
#fridayreads Sleeping Murder by Agatha Christie
You know who our hero is? - that's who.
thanks for the follow!
Hearts shooting out of my eyeballs for Once: The Musical. So glad this was my first-ever Broadway show; I'll never forget it.
Not classy. Lest ye forget the #1 rule of overindulgence: Hydration Is The Key! *face palm*
Homemade northstar Buddha bowl for dinner. M :)
we were planning on going to samurai but it was packed af ! wrong day to go to a reastaurantt
Parking ramps at #MOA really full, so is overflow. MOA suggesting light rail.
a delicious, magical animal
Guess I'm going to bed early ...
Thursday 26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it? How should anyone? www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
Um...heck yeah!
thank you brother
I'm going to just enjoy this game 4the sake of #NBA & hope 2 teams I don't care 4 beat the shit out of each other! #GoWhoEver!! lol
I think I just juiced a guava? Is that what that was ?
Breakfast, knitting meditation and then um maybe go somewhere....
Wow, really wanna go to chruch but am very sleepy.
um, what kind of crappy bar is this? it's too bad I'm not there. i carry boom box with me everywhere i go.
granted, i don't know the context, but i can't say i'd entirely agree with that...
There is nothing more beautiful than a Welsh woman adorned with Welsh gold jewelery
Drive safe I hear there's #fugitive dust in the area!
If you have an oovoo,, keep trying to talk to this girl -> StephLovesYou97 GO! Bother heerr xD
i livee in AMERICA. You would lovee it so much its amazayn!!!!:)
Cracker Barrel: The Starbucks of the South? Discuss
LOL u guys know I'm kidding right?
thanks so much :) I'm so glad my music means something to u.
Double whammy, humor and satire! Happy birthday, #MarkTwain and #JonathanSwift!
ugghh nobody's coming this year!
I've always wanted a pet rat.
Another word that describes what I feel.. Pain.
Too bad garnett hit that three
If SC hadn't IBB Adams then Wingo's play is safe w/ no force at plate and game over..great gamble Coach Tanner!
I just arm wrestled a stranger and won.
Calling out all single people to come get your Valentines date at Toc Bar tonight...ladies free if u wear red..I'm looing for my Valentines.
Well last night was crazy
Super jealous!
your really pretty #justsayin :)
Sports is at its peak. #NHL playoffs, #NBA playoffs, #NFL draft, #MLB season. When is there time to rest?
What are we going to do today?
You're welcome. Who says there's nothing to do in ABQ? ;)
I love that her co-workers donated the time.
best album ever recorded.
yea i like the DROID 4..the screen is just too small
makrs me glad i live in portland, oregon. Out here, its so diverse we almost take it for granted sometimes.
This kid looks exactly like Oscar .... I can't get over it ....
Best game ever for a first baseman that went 0-8 with 5 k's!
Nice! Sounds like a perfect day. Have fun! :)
thank you so much!
awe thts so sweet!
Happy b day love
bored out of my mind
Cookies, Brownies, Cake pops, Carmel Corn, Cheesecake, Banana nut bread, Carmels & Peanut Butter Cups are just a few of our Yummy lineup!
And look how nicely our items fit! RT You haven't lived until you've seen negotiate a rental car
Stay With Me, Let's Just Breathe.
The best thing that happens after a day of frustration = a walk with my boys and cooking soup with George Michael dance tracks.
more birds in atlanta. just throwing it out there.
Do girls think its cute to walk like they have to take a shit or something? Idk man, makes me wanna open a bathroom for you..
Saw it. So awesome. RT : Totally RT : I am consumed by need to see Philip Seymour Hoffman in "Death of a Salesman."
#chid480f talking about 'acceptable' roles in culture, what about people who spend 'too much' time on their computers (MUDs)?
When some one takes your lyric posting literrally. SHUT. The fuck. up.
Vols hoops vs. Auburn - ESPN2 at 6 pm ET - Go Big Orange!
get your tail HEREISH
Boo there is a hippo in your ass!
Summer is here, it's time to start some real trouble.
I'm up n shxt, but I haven't moved an inch.
RT A member of the church passed away this morning. So sad :-( #RIP Lovetta. Enjoy Christ's loving embrace.
In the editing bay today.
NBA 3 Point Contest starts in minutes, dunk contest to follow. Drink specials during NBA festivities. Then we will be open til 2am.
I need to make sure checks these and we can discuss forming the Air Max Secret Society where all we ask is freshness
A strong woman wears the look of confidence on her face... but a woman of strength wears grace.
Seriously, this weekend was the best mini vacation I've had. <3 so fun and so relaxing :) its gonna be hard to top.
Is tweeting. So there.
ok sweet man
Looking forward to Friday! #HungerGames here I come
WAP women in Albany today advocating for the DVSJA Bill.
See you tonight at the Elks! 630 for FCXXI, dinner at 7, show at 8
Hmm, I'm gonna run this idea past the board! RT:Will and will make a wager on Sunday's Big Game
text me
At thd Smart CEO Volt Awards as finalists!
Terrible nose bleed; dry air up here; my bathroom looks like the Simpson crime scene. Ok....that was classless (yet hysterical).
Thanks for the follow! We love dogs + political junkies, which makes you just abou perfect!
Glad y'all had such a great time! Maybe y'all could wind down the evening in the Perch?
Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean
Anything men can do... Women can do better....ahhhhhaa
Miss Scarlet!
NYC is cool. Not as good as London though. Although stuffs cheaper.
Welcome to Kansas City! We are very excited to see you tonight!
I signed up its only 7 but 50 isn't bad
Trapped Again ... But Its Kool. Movie Night With My Cuzzos!! #TheAvengers :-)
“: nice. How'd do last night. I told him not to fuck it up.” Excellent
I go to bed good night everyone
No credit, no problem!
Top 5 Coming Soon.....( What I look for in a female). Someone asked, so I will share.
Just ran into a UW alum at the bar. I was wrong about spring break...looks like it will be a fun night.
"So alarm tones to those people who might think this is going to be used to bring people down by using alarm tones..."
that movie was Jesus!!
really!! Are you going all morning long?
WE should talk about it. know some folks who would help think it through, possibly make it happen. There are smart republicans!
babe.. I love you. Goodnight :) sweetdreams
Because she wore arm warmers, she was so warm after she swam through the shawarma swarm
or not stopping 3rd down ever. Sweet call on 4th and 2 there as well. Deep to a smurf - I am speechless. Hawks killing themselves
I hope the rock hall tells him they don't need his permission to induct anyone, including him
I'm gonna ask after practice if they are engaged. Lolol
Heart beats harder, time escapes me ~
A big thanks to for sponsoring our recent event in Tallahassee.
Tonight, an autumn plate: Flounder with cider braised delicata squash from #Sauvie Island Organics, parsnips and brown butter.
Happy mama day stay bless
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? -Eliza Dushku
Watching Laughing Man at #lightboxdc. Get down here people! This art-fest in Anacostia is AWESOME.
SASSY EVENING BAG (SACK)
support the #coastguard cause
that's what I need... lol totally!
bandaids when stitches are needed
LetterThree provides customizable solution-based training for your coaches. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Sports writing for leagues is about controlling the message. Now the media also wants to control the message -
“: Tampa taco bus :))))” I'm so jealous!!! That place is the best!
With entire team of 's US Programs for 1st all staff conf in 5 yrs. Proud to work with such a talented & dedicated group!
I'm here because of you... for you... #honestytime but now I'm questioning why.
lmao. Thats gon be chump change soon enough.. congrats on the job!!
how long are you in Houston for? This is more reserved for a text but I feel we have such an awesome twitter relationship
Oh! I forgot... Brewers
You may not like where you working but it's a job. Stay there till you can do better.
How could you walk down State St today and consider living anywhere else?
deal. rendezvous via '@' in the am.
Out of the $1,090. I made a hero call, got there on the turn, then he got there on the riv. Then shoved 14bb utg w 77 sb called w A10. GG me
lol! So true!!
Come to the Little Art Gallery from 2-6 today to see work from local artists Larry Favorite, Janet Harrell & Geoff Lloyd!
pssh I'll try gotta be at work at 10 and ain't been 2 sleep yet...lol
I hate when people make new friends and change completely..
Ravens Nation Stand Up!!!
thanks for playing my masterbation soundtrack. You go peter
I don't have the #newtwitter , but then again , I don't have a computer to actually get on the computer . Go figure .
Woop! officially excited
Nice! We have a Vallartas next door to our office... that can be dangerous! Enjoy!
about to start my work......
i MAY have just been lame enough to get a little choked up during the new Khloe & Lamar.....hm
Sweet! I would only need a copy if a Weight Watchers/weight loss commercial's there. Otherwise, I have what I need. Thanks!
is so great. We've got it all. The best part? Mainers are SO VERY NICE.
Planting ground covers,shrubs & lawns reduces heat reflected from the ground onto walls & windows for a cooler indoors & more energy savings
im like watching EVERYTHING. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
SAY IT WIT YA CHEST!
I keep forgetting that it's winter. Oh wait...
Just got an update that you can get a free travel kit of Azap Skincare! All you have to pay for is the $5 shipping and handling
so cute in a way to watch my newly single roomie leering at practically every female hooman we pass
the sex cannon is back!
<U+200E>40 famlies evacuted in Turner, mayor says. Town cut off by flooding. More evacuations underway.
Keep going You can do it! /cc
when you coming home? :c
Catching up on Tosh.0! Love this show!
What DID you do on your day off?! RT : my dear friend helped nurse me back to health!
Just made avacado pasta...not a good idea. If you see the link on Pinterest don't do it! #secondsupper ?
You earned a rare favorite/retweet for that one. Well done.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
18 to 9 ... so far :) Hernandez hits a grand slam in the 7th :) Lets go, Rockies!
My momma said fuck it niggah hit the streets and live.
the ghetto one? Lol
Who's gonna do it, you? You Lt. Weinberg? (last one from me .. This could go on for days)
the group can make a collective decision to elevate an individual to leadership. Thus leaders lead. This is called democracy.
Thanks Maggie for the tip.
Went to sleep last night, I heard the Lakers won, that's wsup
Really like so far. Nice to to be able to say where I'm going before checking in with
Monty Python & the Holy Grail @ Al Ringling Theater, Baraboo, Sat. p.m., Sun. matinee. Bring your own coconuts!
Just one bottle of vitaminwater provides a full day's supply of unnecessary and gullible. Also, electrolytes.
Waiting for to leave work.
the thing about the whatevs tweet I saw a while back and retweeted The baseball thing was just coming from a baseball player
Thanks for the insight...will def follow Evan
Skyped with someone for two hours last night! Still not the same, would rather see her in person
Gotta get my mojo back, my last shoot was in April. It's bout that time...
so much studying to do, yet it is so nice outside
your from west fucking omaha, not close to compton..
Shiller If you are moved by WallSt what should you do? Get into finance and FIX IT
Remember to wear your safety helmets kids. I am recovering from a nasty bike accident--concussion, stitches, contusion, ouch.
Is he related to Drew, starting pitcher for the Rockies?
Our pleasure! Hope you can attend our March 3 events!
Its crazy that I have to punish for something that happened 2 days ago because his father couldn't ...wtf
thanks markey its ok maybe next time :-)
OK the doggie video made me laugh. Can you please stop now?? I fear for your career and reputation.
Has that fuckin douche that Hannah bangs on Girls worn a shirt once?
as a dc resident which senator should I tweet for a #compromise ? Oh that's right, we don't have a senator.
I think I'm going with 1d because they are around my age... But the guy from the wanted with the white tee was cute
got a letter from the credit card company. New "penalty" APR is 30% (for balance & new purchases), if payment missed. Loan Shark?
I meant" to go back to NO ...." Mixing CD and typing tweets don't go together
Thought for the day: If the professional is not making money, then they are making no cents......
R.I.P Donna Summers...This so sad
After a 40+-year career, Greater Media/Boston Market Manager Tom Baker is retiring in the next few weeks. The industry'll miss you, Tom!
Kari Anderson, Miss Nevada International is at the office today prepping w/ to talk “Take a stand lend a hand” against bullying
as someone who is 2+ years older: it won't be fine: it will be awesome. this is the yr where it starts getting easier. really.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 4
LOL. #mannfans RT : Just saw backstage at that a rabbit on his belt??
Yes lucky sob can't wait to see it
Even though we never win the actual quiz, our team name winning percentage is off the charts
thankyou for following me everyone !!!!
...I feel like everyone I follow from p-town...had a shitty night last night.
ain't that the truth.
actually really considering missing track tomorrow morning....
Welcome and I am now following!
Bad day turned good night turned shitty night.
Well if I can't watch #nationals, Yankees/Rangers isn't too bad.
Just got tipped big for smiling, didnt have to do one damn thing! hahaha
just did againn
Go to www.miracle16.com and check out the video on the site and comment!
Did you click the Request a Demo button? That's the quickest way to reserve. And where's the blog post abt us?
Triple Rondo!!!
GARMENT OF SHADOWS - Mary Russell (Laurie King) on Edelweiss!!!
Up bout to shower and see wut time wemake it to the theme park today. We forever late
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
u got to get up in 2 hours..
Feel like a fat BITCH who ain't ate all day gimme that Chicken extra spicy Wish I could go over my moms house her curry chicken be like LOVE
I don't judge.
Anytime! RT : I've been meaning to talk with you about that...
#HappyMothersDay to all of you amazing fabulous Moms! One of the toughest yet most rewarding jobs ever! Cheers to you!
Thx for mention
Great morning for the 14th & U farmers market! Can't wait to snack on my turtle bars from
thank you!
HD still doesn't make Wolf's rag arm look any better.
I like sleeping in class, it's fun.
where u at
THIS is how to end a somewhat crappy week. Great news in ALL CAPS!! RT : I HAVE FINISHED MY RECORD.
Super food at souper jenny's super secret food truck extravanganza!
Today sucks.
No worries!
Hey Coop.... I Love the relationship I see you having with your Mom. I LOVE my Mom!!!!!! Happy Super Special Moms Day!!!
I'll hit you on LinkedIn as soon as I get over my grief about Steve Jobs. I posted on Facebook about a moment of silence.
Fuck this game for real tho
jajjaja...so u r saying i should move to mexico? LOL
can you provide an example of how he has proved his competence?
We specialize in threshold residential deliveries up to White Glove installation. Call our sales department to learn more 312-997-2850
Now I crave Kielbasa and Spicy Shrimp Ramen Noodles... With ketchup!
join us tomorrow at we'll have dog gelato for the pups
i missed you today:)
: thx for the AM chat! I was a bit flat! It is the morning, after all LoL! Blessed Good Friday to you, my sister. You are pr ...
lol!!!..all I can think when I saw Silvy and the cake, was American Pie!!! Hahaha.... You're the best !!
Freedom Outreach Seattle's 1st Year B-Day!: Thanks for supporting us on our journey, and of course....---> Happy New-Year every one!
You guys are just being silly.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
the countdown is on for 1/2way to st pats day bash we have a u2 tribute band booked!!!
I feel like one of the Billy Joe's should be playing QB in this game. (Tolliver, Hobert) Cade McNown is playing for KC today
"When a kid turns 1 years old, I believe we have the right to punch them in the throat or stomach." Long live Bernie Mac
Happy Easter from The Data Vault Hope everyone is having a Good Friday and great Easter weekend!
haha (: who were you with?
remind me....
I forgot to mention in-school book signings!! I'll talk abt it even though we're over time... it'll be in the transcript...
OMG YOU OK
Looking forward to this weekend, who's got plans?
is working on her digital history project!
": Strongly Approve: 24%. Strongly Disapprove: 41%. Approval Index: -17... Total Approval: 46%" BOTH thumbs UP
lol I am sure we can... Man I don't mind waking up in my own bed for atleast 1 week! Dammit!
hahahah rigght we mite wanna figure that out! And there 250. I say we go to the mall and sy we met through mutual friends!
crazy right?
Thank you so much for the overly generous gift. It was delicious. You are an amazing company that I will always recommend.
I was sleep-organizing last night
"Control yourself,or someone else will control YOU.."
Back at you from across the pond! RT :
dance off
Need a few ideas to plan your next great vacation? Paul preps for his next trip abroad at the Travel & Adventure Show, Sun (3/6/11) @ 6:30pm
": The #MCDM booth has been so popular that we're almost out of brochures! People want an #education in #digital!
Wait! Did you hear that? My bed, NKOTB blankie and tylonol are calling my name! Gotta run! They get mad if I don't come right away!
My love is like a star. <3
Sore as fuck from yesterday
Repubs running on tax breaks for the 1%=costly to their chances of winning. Running against contraception=priceless.
I keep dreaming you'll be with me and you'll never go. Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore.
“: !!!! “ Yo... I need you to pay off ABC and pick up #scandal we need 54 uninterrupted minutes of this show.””
...rather than "sorcerer's"...
... Robin Morgan wondered "if genuine feminism can be said to decline in direct proportion to the # of 'male feminists' around."
I would like if your dream came true in real life :)
ouch that hurt.
During an interview today, a cardinal crashed into the sliding glass door. I felt bad.
it's hot. I'm hot. We hot. It's sleek design w my sleek design will turn heads as we flash by.
can't get to the "design" section of my account settings. Just FYI :)
Got it! I'm tryna dowload now...
she is an ugly duck who is pretty as fuck . making sex lot doesn’t make her a slut
twits what it does?
You knw when u walk in a room and forget y u went in there? Thas God playin sims, he just canceled yo action.
Rich can i still use that credit? I need something done ASAP. Shoot me a call
thanks for the RT!
I got smart fast, I just stopped listening to the words that come out of your mouth
As soon as this download completes I will be the proud owner of Adobe Creative Suite 5.5. Cheers to THAT
Thanks for a great conference. Got some really useful insights!
": It's been a long time coming....a long time coming!!! (In voice)" Rap Game Money now!
Fully agree. Demeaning both to the subject and the object in a gratuitiously trivial way
: #STL is St. Loius. Anyone living there knows that.
Hoping to get a dog after the move. What are your favorite bigger (over 50lbs) breeds & why?!
so what do you think will be the hot topic tonight? LOL
: I hope to join #WHYiGIVE. What an awesome idea!
Will u plz do another cover on YouTube? You're voice is just pure perfection, I'd love to hear more of it. Love u always<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
bakin' butterbeer cupcakes for the deathly hallows midnight showing tomorrow night!
Sick in the Poconos w my boo (also sick) post #toughmudder playin charades!
she dat hard body female that im glad i got to kno
no it doesn't.
Its about the Arab Spring. Its part of an essay contest OSU is doing with a local UN org and the local Islamic center.
Teen births hit new low as pregnancy prevention programs pay off
I think should switch marketing strategies for #cis2011 to feature a 3 round fight of wit with and
Movie flaw: in Wedding Crashers, Owen Wilson and V. Vaughn are big time D.C. lawyers yet no one recognizes them at the huge D.C wedding?
Craigslist is awesome. $40 solid wood dresser, yay!
oh yeah, my bulls out but okc is looking real good for the west tho, can't sleep on the spurs either
See #uppers Daycare is communistic!! Breast-feeding is horrible. And, school breakfast marks the end of humanity.
will not be out again this weekend, I have not gotten a day off work since Easter Sunday! lol
Is this worth it
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. ~Lao Tzu
Ive got 20 ticks 4 Cavs vs Pistons donating to CLE boys club, also doing a raffle for a Jersey, can or help make it special?
Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation
you bring the bottle, we'll bring the PYTs
Identity Theft Reported By Households.....8.6 MILLION HOUSEHOLDS AND GROWING! This is from my personal experience and I was thinking "This …
Who would you rather face. Boston or Atlanta?
We are the SAME DAY Delivery Solution for all Businesses!!! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
what time???
It will b interesting2c O Neill w/a full squad. One of the best defensive minds in the game. Hardly ever out of a game.
Good Luck Tomorrow Beat the Cards!!!
I recognize that by drinking I am mistreating my depression. However, I'm pretty sure mental health disorder abuse is legal.
absolutely. Lost track tonight! Way to be a tweeting champion...as always.
The LHC has been making collisions, which means the universe must have been destroyed, which means we're in the Matrix. (via )
If I live next to an abandoned house, #hellyeah we're exploring throught it.
Getting ready for 5 hours of chinese this summer by watching Garena LoL matches from taiwan
I wish you speedy healing. And lots of get well snail mail & prezzies.
yeah I'm gonna hit u up. Lil sis
Watching The Muppets on blu ray. The Muppets is a funny ass film.
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
Who's up for #1k1hr in 30 minutes?
A society of sheep must in time beget a government of wolves. - Bertrand de Jouvenel
RT : NEW SUMMER SINGLE!!! (*Roll Call*) - Ft. & #TheMovement by:Zig Zag via
That is what I generally think.
kandizone.com...check it out!! :)
If there was ever a moment for to say #awksaucepants, this is it.
Thanks for asking! We're really starting to push for donations now. We hope to see donations pick up soon!
He can't just stop loving you. He either does, or never had
Thanks girl!
For sure! Where do I get tix? Go #TeamUSA!
wine country this morning- mosquitoes, baseball and humidity this afternoon...home sweet home.
Thank you Marilyn. We heartily agree. So much to learn about the battles and contributions of the USCT soldiers.
. congrats on reaching 100K followers !!! 1Million next!!! C:
that's awesome.
"You have no choice but to like me" --
Sorry, I stand corrected. There are indeed many much more important issues. Silvio Berlusconi?
blissfully at home
Bruh he keep askin. I'm trying to be polite and not block. Let Yaya be great lmao
What up to my crew: , #ChildishGambino/ is our guest this week!
_-|!_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
What do you call an alien starship that drips water? A crying saucer!
Don't fuck wit my iPhone shit gets real..lol
Ok ok !! Now I am watching #swamppeople lol
I share your obsession, and I only started Pinning this week
I want another fish !
Bible study was off the chain. If u need the notes, let me know :)
. I cannot stand T-Mac, Wheels and Sarge toting the company line. The announcers should be like fans, not bureaucrats
aw thank you ! x
Yeah! Your telling me! I don't understand them at all.I have no LIFE! it's making me crazy!
Still in need of best practices/examples of declaring how you're going to treat survey data (this isn't going thru an IRB, hence need help)
last night i had a dream that all of sbs was pregnant. :o
lol. I'm sorry it really bothers me
Come on out
“: favortie drake line right there. #props.”same
Thursday is mah birthday! >:) finally gonna be 16
she took it too far when she called your daughter what she did
I'm mad Chris T. N nem playin around nshit outside McDonald's
I'm almost to 1600 followers. It's the SATs all over again!
RMFT : I never thought I'd be the one breaking down
not If you're Jesus.
Instead of getting bigger & more unhealthy over the holidays, get in amazing shape &look GREAT at your holiday parties! Need help, just ask!
When you were young Scared of the night Waiting for love to come along And make it right
PUMPED UP KICKS.
I'm watching #droz at the gym hah!
Inteview in 10 min. God if it is ur will lemme get this job and make bank
Friday, April 30th, Budget & Finance Meeting at City Hall. 1-5pm. Need library supporters there.
Im bout to DDT my desk in the last class of the semester.
is on a sugar high.
Thank u Chicago for being such an awesome host. Can't wait until next time. Much love and respect.
great seminar yesterday by ! engaging speaker, great ideas for how to help out in the community.
Music legends Wiz Khalifa and Snoop Dogg in DC tomorrow night at 9:30 club
My life is not based on Money but on how much I helped others!
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others. -John F. Kennedy
If a man does not know what port he is steering for, no wind is favorable to him. ~Seneca
ahaha, finally got my #69th follower! :D
I think 'Epic' is the perfect song to drown out the very high level of newsroom noise.
money ova bitkhes um yellin it2da grave developed at a young age go after wat pays
I WANTS ONE TO ( :
I didn't know that Theo Cosby was a locomotive engineer.
“: YALL READY FOR US TOMORROW!!!?” seriously why am I not there
I hope you got a Crif Dog after!!
*Hugs You*
All over... Paris, Rome, Florence, Milan, Venice, Amsterdam... for now. I've got to get to Jamaica! That's a sweet deal.
I take you with me in my ilusion and I give you my love forever
Treasure Box delivery tomorrow - 120 food boxes will go 2 families of troops in SD - hoo rah! Freelance reporters, are you available?
We are heading back down to Wilson, NC to continue working on our full length record on Monday! Can't wait for you guys to hear it! <3
class. work. Squirrel Hill with Greg for a while. some well deserved fun and relaxation
Fried green beans, pretty awesome at hamburger Mary's in bay view.. Sauce was more ranch like than horseradish fried pickles .. Pretty dease
You have to leave some people behind and go where success takes you
Finally seen The Notebook for the first time last night ...BEST movie ever! :')
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
Stressful day but my grandson did awesome @ TBall. I'm so proud of him.
sallie came up with a new drink. It's called #TheBitch. There will be one waiting for both of you when you get home.
not gonna lie -- it could get u-g-l-y
Beef chow fun isn't as fun once you've eaten all the beef. And by YOU, I obviously mean not me.
cannot believe ooh fire island is opening up in 2 weeks hell ocean beach
Discrimination has ended in the US Armed Forces. Thanks to all the Senators who voted in favor of repealing #DADT!
We all know that and are going to bring home something orange after the kca's :)
Awake :o
PokerStars Seven Times the Traffic of Nearest Competitor
ATTENTION!!! IF U R A SHAKEITUP FAN U NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! I WILL FOLLOW BACK PROMISE!!:)
Omg I felt the same way. I was sobbing. RT : agree Ashley. I was there and it feels DEEPer to me now than even then.
Anyone going to the Derby party at The Mission today?
Love gives light even in the darkest tunnel.
#TheArtist is incredible.I haven't read this, but isn't it partly about how talkies made foreign stars obsolete because they had an accent?
Watch parts of Sally Perkins performance in a documentary, Transformation: Old Building New Life, 9 p.m. WFYI 1, Learn more www.wfyi.org
If you have a tournament or league schedule you want added to our site, email it to staci (at) thebowlingframe.com.
Must tweet a trending topic in attempt to gain relavence. Let's see. Nothing #isfun , #onthelastdayofschool I'm going to.... OH WAIT. ;)
Yea I seeing those pix from last night and I'm so jealous I miss my Denver bitches
I'm from OK. We're bred to hate all things south of the Red River. Am a Lakers fan, though. Pro sports in OK seems wrong.
It's good wbu
So you doing anything special on your Friday off??
most definatably(???) :D
ooh nothing special, watching movies, jerkin off you know, the usual lol your home yet?
And so, Lord, where do I put my hope? My only hope is in you. Psalm 39:7
Thank you so much Bro!
Tyrn to put on a show for your friends
Q2 Or just treat them like I would want to be treated.
He missed the kick. Vikings win...nothing wrong with a little good luck now and then.
and not even to a contender. I feel bad for him
#UMass season high is 97 against Central CT and they just tied it with 2:20 to go in OT. 97-94 in double ot
what you over thier thinking rose ready for some granger action lmao
I love the #Flyers! Always have. There's always been those teams that I've liked; Flyers, Leafs, Bruins
You should give our site a try!
oh really thats how you feel???
Watching Tiger and putting Andy North on Sports Center for ESPN.
it's only wednesday? ugh.
Aw, being old might suck.
you on tour?
Anyone want my football cleats? they give me blisters :'''(
so why would you do it. I like your music so I need you around to make more
Corporate greed has run amok. Our politicians are bought & paid for and our democracy is irrevocably broken.
Made it back in one piece from Yosemite. Blog post to follow soon!
that was my bet too!! I think we may have lost though, looks like he fell behind early on... I suck at betting lol
Took some nyquil and now Im falling into a deep deep coma like sleep! Goodnight everyone!
lucky bastard
There's a fine line between arrogance & stupidity
Just updated a website, then seriously broke it, then fixed it again. Half hour of sweat time there.
I love my Xavier boys....... But come on guys really...
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Huge group here. Find a way to get involved and give.back
i work for seattle city light..pretty chill place. Itll be up bright and early tomorrow as long as sb doesnt freak out again
#DailyRebellion: Be noticed.
no we agreed to let the creative minds think <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
Making the final touches..the main structure of the site is live though! Check it out! GRE3NMNKY.com !!!
omg i go back to skool august 23
[Answr] Kass-Hout: collecting open data can help spread the information to the citizens through technology
Marlins handling business!
I absolutely love sleeping with my windows open !
WHO LIVES IN NEW JERSEY AND IS HOT AS CAN BE????? VIN-CENT CAS-TRO-NO-VO!!!!! lawl wuuuut??
i want in! On the dopest project i done heard about in a loong minute. Bruh.... Nickle bag in the park stuff... i want in!
so over the 11-8 shift
man if i hit the lotto just one time...
Yeah Baby!
Thanks for your congratulations of three days ago. It seems like ages in Twitter Time.
I've never met one who's topped 4 years at one place, and most in the 1-3 year range. Best way to get a solid raise :)
Soutout to my Homey JRich with his 4 unit winning pick on Kent State -2. The Coalition Lives. Remember 8/23/11!!!
An email from Express: "Get $25 off -- Gifts for Mom!" I don't even want to know what 60-something woman might find in Express...
Just one more hour....
hi babbyy how are you today miss you babe ;)
Seth how about some love for the Hoyas
RT "FF " omg - i am so honored i got my very own #FF mention!!!!
Nothing like #AltText Problems to start a Monday. #ItsThereWhyCantISeeIt??
Thats so cool I didnt know that! Either that or I have short term memory loss Lol! :D That video is gonna be amazing though
Sam Jackson would be perfect. Maybe Kanye if he decides to move from rapping to acting.
Were you able to login in and post? If so, how?
Keep The Paper Coming Boii..Mr.Money Maker How u Gonna Stop mY Cash Flow,#L,V,M
Rain in the valley is snow on the mountain
didn't even know...
Men if a woman does not have custody of her children, do your homework, find out why. RED FLAG, You may soon be her next victim of her abuse
So tired. Last midterm of the semester tomorrow!! Just gotta power through
Amazing story!! Do any of you know someone Autistic who benefited from a #glutenfree diet?
what to eat for late lunch????
I have come to the conclusion that everyone at my school is a vagina.
happy birthday!! Hope you have a great day and are doing well! Take care! :-D
LOL C'mere and let me ride you!
lol u tryna get some pita pit, huh?
Most people don't like their attitudes and egos.
you're a fucking low friend you know that, you're fake as a three dollar bill.
Skylar, Phillip and Colton were all great - Joshua was as well. The Top 5 is going to be really good this year on
Alrite Damn Chill One Simple Mistake Makes the Whole World Mad!
For all of u Canes fans 2010 UM mixtape debuts Oct 9 stadium
Had three people (so far) in the office say it can't be me, I'm wearing a skirt. My mother also doesn't believe me. Ha!
Open at 11 for lunch! Burgers by Flaming Patties.
Well...this just slapped me in the face! (as i'm chewing on Easter candy!)
I'd try talking to folks then, they might be able to help further.
Bosh doesn't come back this team will not win a title. Win or lose this game.
love you so much
Iv neva been to a graduation wea someone talkd like 45 min straight
It takes 10 min to change a mood/obsessive train of thought. The challenge is finding 1 thing that can hold my attention for 10 minutes
Whoa what's up with Facebook?????
Getting ready for an epic day today, first on my way to st. Patrick's day parade <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>then heading to NYC for DJ Victor Calderone's <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082> party<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
How to Handle the AdWords Ad Rotation Changes
Field supporting the Denver Broncos!!! GO BRONCOS!
I bet you were an awesome prof!!
The Adjustment Bureau is pretty mind blowing
planning a fashion show on satug13th..Columbus Commons!! Dj's,food&drinks and models in cool clothes!! what more do you need???
and he's the highest paid player in the league. Lol
siblings arent all that great.
Many games are rigged against you...play your own game...
Callahan came to play baby!!!!!
Movin' on up!
:D good to know. I'll make sure that the stickiness remains within your thigh region.
I'm thinking we def need another dinner date
did I just see u near at&t or was that your twin?
Ugghggh School Tom With -__- Is Mr. Caputo There Tom ?
Playing till my fingers go numb!!!
exactly. it tasted so sweet. M... the sweet taste of shame.
There will now be 10 minutes between each task, rather than 5.
Huge wins by the #Predators and #Grizzlies last night to get back into series's!!!
I'm so nervous about this test I could vom
Damn, that's nasty
I hate newmoon and twilight btw
Just chillin just cuz I can!!
It's a roller coaster my friend. Life is good. And you?
Homeboy, you’re gonna wish one day, That you were sittin’ on a gate of a truck by the lake
Thank God My Family In Japan Are Okay. Please Be Happy For Who & What You Have. #PrayForJapan. <3
Hairstyles Nicole Scherzinger
Tweeting in bed. A first, my lady is snoring. Also good she doesn't tweet or read tweets.
#RonPaul "I call it WASTE" "Watch out for the MILITARY COMPLEX" "SPEND LESS MONEY" I'm cheering at home :D
Jealous that you got to go to Harbin in winter. I had wanted to go there while living in China, but didn't have the opportunity.
Guys!! We need to tweet to to let have his take!! Power to the masses! Come on!
Countdown until showtime! We're excited to see so many people planning to come out! THANK YOU!!
Well, thank you!
i mean, seriously. right?
Smart asses! ;)
Do you know Molly Sullivan she is from Vegas .Now the 76ers sideline reporter.
Love tweeting and sharing with friends on twitter. :)
Al natural...
Favorite text from me to : "Slash saw a ginger and fell in love." I really am going to have interesting looking kids.
The 49ers and the Saints play today!!!!!!
haha ok ill keep it on the down low haha!!! No worries! But serioisly you guys made me want to start dancing again!
Today has to be the crapiest day ever
***waits patiently for 49 cat lovers to find her page so she can celebrate!***
Got my license on my first try !
. you should surround "work" with quotation marks.
7 pm tourney has started and I am still alive in the other one.
follow back, please? :)
nude lewd &rude.
My kingdom for a term paper that doesn't begin with a page-long description, in general terms, of how the Internet has changed society.
All my friends grew up in pittsburgh so yeah they think I have an accent?! Whateves! Heehee
Today, was kinda boring day. Still bored. ;(
Eating carrots :3
love him !! Miss you
#dsoc wants to bring CES vendors to SLA conference, to broaden our infoexpo
remember that one time we were friends and u used to talk to me?! I sure do miss those days...
How exciting, I have the auction tivoed and will be watching it tonight!
Like a VARIANT of palbatross? Sympalbatross?
My job is so fun and cool!
Nice! Hope you're enjoying #Singapore !
We are looking forward to it too, Kate! Do you have anything special planned for your visit?
you still got the link to the Carson kids Youtube I sent you?
TPI to Host Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 9:00 a.m. ET
i dont mind
How can we pick just one when so many were great?!?
I agree! I'll be legit sad if they don't perform it though. Regardless of their upcoming new songs, they just HAVE to sing it.
please dr.drew share
I hope not, it will be tested on her stuff first
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
ikr! I can't take the suspense! It's not good for my health! lol
two to too, they're their there. srsly dood. you make your living with words.
ok we want to see u tonight we goin in !!!!!
Fill in the blank. It takes me _________ cups of coffee to get going in the morning.
Hey walking dead writers, you guys are bad, and you should feel bad.
hah! Real word but is the brain trust who thought of the name.
TONIGHT! At 730pm CST #SugerRush will be released at Facebook.com/goodluckjane !
Just finished watching the last episode of #Greek. I no longer have a reason to live.
I am not even joking anymore. Whoever thought it was brilliant to put new tab in place of capslock is very, very weird.
no problem!
Also, how dumb politics gets RT : Worst part about an election year: monthly fundraising deadlines
Sasha Pieterse marked my letter to her as one of her favorites. That literally made my day, possibly my life. =))
Your Most Welcome, thanks for sharing all the info!
Fall seven times, stand up eight
I had some baked ziti at the mall today.. it was AMAZING
Drinking orange gatorade again for the first time in like 12 years, wish me luck!
so who wants to have a 3some??
you got a nord?!
Customer centric strategies, being innovative and having exclusives - keys to the success of Macy's online and offline business.
We LOVE you Whitney!!!
because I'm graduating with my MBA!
80% of noncouch potatoes would like to get more exercise, but say they don’t have the time
Congrats to ... YEAH
web democracy! :) or some such
my girlfriend just saw you in the hallway of the Cape Codder, and was too shy to say she is a big fan. She luvs u.
What channel are you watching The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame stuff on?
yeas it's so beautiful and touching :) <3
exciting! Hope you have a great time... Tell africa I say hello
I didn't love Best Coast's Crazy For You but so far I'm digging the broader range on The Only Place.
how ya doin?
I dnt wanna get out the bed :-)
Thanks. Fascinated by the "networked privacy" concept.
im i following u
TGIF- with DJ Ivan tonight at Chi Cha
nope... I wish tho
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3^
hope you had an awesome day!
Accent offers complimentary bottled water, in Car Wi-Fi, XM Satellite Radio, GPS Navigation & Vehicle Tracking Systems.
"We're in a great position to grow and expand...That's why we're being so aggressive," from Gov. Walker in support of #WIDairy 30X20 prgram.
I'm in a dark room bc I'm too lazy to get up and turn the light on
NICE! Love the EGC. PS "Fuck you, still here" is the best sentiment I've heard in a long while.
Don't hate me because I pass notes via text and iPad during LMA meetings.
do it friends > RT : I'll be Djing VIP Club Zone Times: 9pm to 1:30am tweet me for promo-code for few bucks off
Nice!!! a new #JuwanEvansAngel!!! :)
True. But when you consider it capped off a 1-5 homestand, that's pretty low. I don't even know what rock bottom is any more
we'll have to try to cross paths some day
Weighed in for Summer Biggest Loser contest. Game on. Final weigh-in Wed Aug 29
Peter weak
dinner at Bigoli. gahd i missed this place haha
#NowPlaying: "High School Musical 2" Soundtrack.
Why is it so hard to say goodbye?
thanks for the RT love
If you want a good read, check my Twitter feed from 2 days ago, starting with "the response I got from a friend".
Best way to get out of a text convo: "The message could not be delivered. Please try later. Error 226110"
- Hope it has no connection to conceal and carry! Yikes
nope:/ I gotta go but ima be in Wisconsin for a week
Another day lounging in the sun and barking at the neighbors. Life is good.
Ah yes, the article that ruined my breakfast this morning.
D'oh! We could have gotten you to be her graduation speaker! Bet they'd remember YOUR speech!
Didn't find anything this time. Thanks for the link! Keep trying!
Great weekend with my other halfs family in Pittsburgh. Love a big Italian family. Feels good to get home tho! Happy Easter to all!
I just realized that I haven't eaten today... I don't know if that's good or bad!!
naked girls all over the projector what kind of class is this...really now..come on 12:50
Love how #DC meteorologist talk all week about how we r going to get a ton of rain & we only get a few showers. They suck.
Does anyone have the recipe for pizza sticks that used to be on the side of the Chef Boyardee pizza kit boxes?: Does anyone have the ...
Phahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just scroll his TL when you get the chance lol, hilarious
Yes...I wll continue the quotes. They are a part of my everyday conversation with you! Thx for the encouragement. :-) —DJ
thank you (:
New official photos have been uploaded to the website. We are currently experiencing technical issues with uploading photos to Facebook.
Hitting the road to Boston tomorrow for !! Who else is going? Stop by our booth!
I hear that! You'll be great parents though, no doubt! I'm so excited!
More often than not, Radio Paradise, uh, is.
Too wrapped up in Long Beach Airport disguised as Sunnydale Airport and Santa Barbara skylines (Buffy S6) to notice the fluffy winter snow.
Anyone ever get their wisdom toofs pulled out?
awe ha u missed me? I missed u to :) I been alright I'm gonna be a senior this year. How you been ?
Steak and eggs at The Dizz this morning.
Did the damn thing on Good Morning America with Anita Baker this AM, now ready to rock out at the Skyroom tomorrow night!!
Ren Harvieu: from Salford to stardom for a soul princess: Ren Harvieu tells Andrew Perry how she has put disaste..
howdy still waiting to heat from y'all.
To be in DC and stuck inside a hotel...well, it just sucks, basically!
i just cracked up xD
I am! RT How many bodies do you think are in the park? RT : Announced crowd: 20,192.
thank you. It was wonderful meeting you too and I look forward to earning your family's vote at some point!
RT RT : FLASH: Libya's Gaddafi dies of wounds suffered in capture near Sirte - senior NTC military official
#WaysToImpressMe sign over your winning lottery ticket
words cannot express my love for jersey
Good to see you are a supporter of this initiative. I'm working with pre-college school to help build better administrators
hmm having trouble too. Will try again soon. Sorry!
riding around the city and i got my calculator i'm a mother fucker monster when it comes to getting that paper
have you been able to track down any of their songs?
yung boy... I BEEN A MAN!!! sold drugs TEN A GRAM.. SPICE EM UP... CINNAGRAMS.... Den take a pic!! INSTAGRAM!!! Lmaooo
Good Morning my friend. Off to learn major new social media stuff this wk at #REBCORL then our state conv then work on me
Brew City Brand Sale at Summerfest! Whenever it's over 80 degrees, all of our t-shirts are 20% off! Stop by and say Hi! Sale
I'm up 20 bucks in the casino!!!!
#Gangland ... Fire... Glad I got to hear it being made before everyone
that's a question that might be suitable for no seriously
maybe one day but not soon.
Could not read chrome manifest file'C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\{972ce4c6-7e08-4474-a285-3208198ce6fd}\chrome.manifest'
one direction < anything else
I mean, it wasn't as if he was going to need them
Music is 90% Business!
oh I am well. Funny and frisky.
Looking forward to DC WEEK. We will have an installation and will be selling our awesome shirts and prints. It will be good and funky.
I heard on NPR this morning that Russia ratified the START treaty, and so re-newed disarmament for our two countries begins swiftly.
#TwitterLessSteve I miss the hair
when reporting #data, step out of your shoes & into the shoes of someone who doesn't 'get' numbers
just finished prelim layout of a 128 page photobook for an atchitect builder. worked in 6 hour shifts for the past 3 days...brutal.
Apologies to the few very-frequent posters. I had to unfollow to give others a chance. Kept you listed.
:-) st.Andrews tonight !
In Concord, NH today. Visited nhpr to plan for an inventory of their recordings. 1980's primaries, here I come.
"Twitter is stupid," ...36,000+ tweets later....
we should get some coffee and catch up, got time?
Christmas vacation starts now....:) <3
New Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley says Non-Christians 'not my brother,' 'not my sister' Shame on this schmuck!!
Probably gonna need a boat...
Stop by for fun times, drinks, #freebeer, just tell me an alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do!
#NoManShouldEver be left behind<3 I Love and Support our Troops<3 oohrah(:
I count seven people on this red line car who are asleep. Out of 12 passengers. We all must have risen extra early on this
ran 2.75 miles with Bob this morning
So.... the big news... the big reveal.... hm.... well.... surprise, surprise... I went and got married. Booya!! Can't hide happy!
Hey I want a S/o please!
I know!! Have you heard the before?!
I already get them... so we're good.
Where are you going?!
Torn between wanting to work in coffee shop and wanting to be somewhere where *loud* guy is not monologuing across aisle to another patron.
That nigga just made me get weak as fuck. I taught yo ass well. Some real shit hahahahaha fuckin #payout n
I'm glad you're sticking around to keep the Prez honest. Secret ballots tend to end up the way the person counting wants!
Income tax return filing process initiated!
okay cool. Well just hit me up
This is why Kobe is still my fav NBA player. So fun to watch when he is hitting and closing games
Right back atcha...
lucas = hanie RT : No Rose and no Noah is the same as no Cutler and no Forte. W no Rose and Noah Bulls season on life support
Josh Hamilton. WOW. cc:
thats what happened with me when I got mine out. Was back in action the next day.
I am truly thankful for the people my family and I have in our lives!
Starting TODAY March 14-18th earn TRIPLE POINTS at the Flagship on purchases made w/ your Nordstrom credit or debit card!
Especially from an American actor. I hated that movie.
lol shut up no where near bitter sweety
that's good:))
T2 - the theory sounds good, but I don't know how much I believe incentive hypothetical that is painted. so many factors.
Spending time with #FAMILY (:
All I saw at first was "Stronger" and I thought: seriously--you haven't heard that awesome Britney Spears song?
Ugh I feel trapped I wanna go some where
Thanks for the follow :D
Spent time in ER last night after smashing door in my face. My teeth cut through & left hole.Thx to ER doc at United.
Finished my narrative for school
I can truly say that , , , and made this a historical concert! #Tinygiant for the win!
Yea im always his regret yea im always his regret
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather.
Mm, yes :) come by and pick up my order tomorrow! 11:00.
I know but you have to admit it was funny as hell
Yo! What's good with cha?
I hope you're not talking about me! Oh my god, have you ever even seen the inside of a shower? I can't breathe!
imma fuck her up like really
your icon is beautiful.
BIG salad for lunch! Healthy - #glutenfree #peanutfree Yum antioxidants
Does Twitter no longer let you edit RTs? TweetDeck still does, but I'm getting no love from the main website.
Like the Bulls this year. Boozer's back, Noah's a stud and, Hell, even Scottie Pippen's courtside tonite. Also, Bron Bron's out of the conf.
RT : RT : Summer is over, but Fall is here! Get everything you need for your park from...
Watching "How It's Made" and thinking the music director really controls the tone of each episode...
Lol, what's the specs on it?
#LSENetED the feed seems to be down on the talk
wrong tag bro, go tag , sounds like a sex act
you asked me to wake you up right after I wake up. Then when I do, you complaint about only sleeping 6 hours.
Packing today. .I wish it wasn't so nice out so I had more motivation to do it!
what a terrific video sharing the university's commitment to sustainability - every drop of water counts!
Inconsolable after yesterday's loss. Rolling around in a bathtub filled with Yankees fans' ticket money isn't working like it usually does.
Why r people sayin Zimmerman is not white? is he black or asian? There r 3 races. white/black/asian. Hispanic is not a race
so glad you're my #1 fan
Jay-Z & Linkin Park mash up. I'll just turn down the volume during the lp verses
I just finished season 4! Damn, that's a good show. How far are you?
I've been brainwashed by McDonald's "Mc" - I'm adding it to all their food items. Today, I mistakenly ordered a Bac. Egg & Cheese McBiscuit.
how to use tweet #HashTags correctly..
Yo momma q:
Yeah My fist ! if he dont fix me nothing imma kick him ! lmfaoooooooooo and yo brother probably making you cereal lmfaoo
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people tell me i'm wrong, when I know for a fact i'm right.
"have" and "prodded" and "say"
(I should have added: #everythingisrelative)
Thanks! RT : The show will conclude after the Blue Angels perform at 3:30. No fireworks tonight!
Never too late for a beer and some hot tub... I'm really gonna hate life when I have to move out of this house
world's colliding! + meeting up. wish i could be there.
Studies show that T-Pain AAAAYYYEEEEE
CircleCenterMall I go there all the time! :)
horrible mood. i dont even care, i want left alone.
50% off details until 1pm. Buy now, use anytime in 2012. No limit. Get yours before they are gone. Purchase by phone call (619) 531-9319.
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Looking forward to Light Up Night Tonight!
pork maybe? I'm not sure.
I hate fucking hypocrites.
The NYPD and the State invokes "terror" when their police officers attack innocent civilians.
My mom will not stop callin my name! All i wanna do is lay down an relax!
Kill the beast and free the world.
My UPS just chirped, for no apparent reason.
give me a follow
Cried today...
don't go sleep in!
"That's why chicks dig you man, they love that freaky poetic crap."
i like him but he broke my heart once and now im scared
did your dad get mad?
As an optional rule, sure. Keep the core simple. Monster blocks list resistance.
SoCal event tomorrow at The Grove! Excited to celebrate the best in homebuilding!
Im just a holy fool
I made a quesadilla instead. It was delicious. Now I need to run. :)
does anyone have any ideas for homemade easter cards?
Looking for Online Tutoring Software? Http://www.virtualclassroomssoftware.com
I have felt like I was the only one like this!
Thanks for not conforming to hype and giving an honest review of Uncharted 3...wish more reviewers had those kind of hangers!
When memories come back, some you keep and some you trash in the can.
No, dear, please don't help your crippled fiance bring in the heavy wet clothes out of the pouring rain. Really, it's fine.
bitches try way 2 hard to be fucking sexy
this is about to be BAD.
lol and guess who forgot to vote
Want too
“: #IAlwaysWonderIf people find me attractive” i do!
Skrillex just blew your mind?
I have been on line a long time posting videos on the 1st thing you learn is never even acknowledge the haters!
YES, I remember you....Good to see you. Saw the invite on LinkedIN - Let's connect
Let's make a difference today to ensure that the future for girls is bright, equal, safe and rewarding! Happy
Fuck things breaking always at the worse times
Do you like what you look like?
I haven't even started that yet, so yeah, that would be good. Working on my other project now.
Um, and I love and love Glee. We punch back.
Looking to increase productivity? Log out of the twitter.
See, a real friend will share french toast with you at 2:30. Everyone else is in bed. You alright in my book, Mal Mal.
THIS WHOLE ALBUM.
i see you still grinding fam :)
Good sun is good for the soul.
keep on pushin to the top!
I give ' personal number out all the time. And his address.
yeah sam, on the curb right outside our place :)
And now Sally Draper is fastly becoming her mother. A bitch.
Brady, Brees, or Rodgers? That's the first of 9 picks to make if you want cash in the $500 #Rotowire #Freeroll. I'm goin Brees? #Whoyagot?
Excited about connecting with alumni through #UMNproud !
write about the Sonics. Haha jk Duff. But really- remember that time the Nuggets beat the 1seed Sonics?
Go follow my main account (:
Re: my last tweet. What is fun to do in Chicago in like 5 hours ?
I sold my $50 voucher for $25 (market value) since I won't be here to use it. Thanks a lot.
really we are at oyster house
Things never change
make sure you have a power light on the furnace. Small led light on circuit board
#NickiOn106 is gonna b crazy, I love her,she's my idol. make it happen Nicki,leggo
Thanks for the follow Fairfax! We love working there!
As I look out the window, I see a very beautiful planet that seems very inviting and peaceful. Unfortunately, it is not. ~ Scott Giffords
of course. Please link!
Oh yes i was :( lol
Walking into the BC to watch the
So I'm playing wwe 12 and it halfway froze so I'm just laying here listening to background noises
It is my prayer that justice will be served for Mr. Davis. The victim's family deserve the truth. It is my hope that God will intervene.
The size of the box is inversely-proportional to the cat's desire to be inside the box.
Yes, you can buy them here.
Iwanna go to Bikini Bottom haha , (:
picked on by who?
The evening hr is among us & the best place to refresh yourself is where there's a warm smile & a Hot Cup of Joe (@ Peace & A Cup of Joe)
Moving on to chicken stock making. We'll coordinate a time for you to p/u a jar of soup tomorrow or fri!
right on! Fake numbers are low life time customers. They have no value which equals nothing for your sales, or sponsorship!
She cries now but she'll laugh again
I seriously can't believe that we've had these 2 angels for over 7 weeks now! They make 8 weeks/2 months this Saturday. Wow.
That car was parked on the corner of street. I'll keep posting more pics of the interesting cars in the new neighborhood.
Shuffling your collection or an online service? Cuz it's a good mix! What I like about shuffling. Prez's "Every Tub"now.
Dang ima miss these seniors.. They were like brothers man...
Happy Friday & thanks for the RT! I hope you have a great weekend!
haha. I also had a fit when I had to take five minute showers.
pretty good actualy how bout u?
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
So really... why? What's the point? I've been hoping and waiting for SO LONG and then I think it's here, only it's completely jacked.
I Love . End Of Story <3
terrified at the idea of Mary Fallin for Mitt's #VP spot. Also not sure if I should be happy for #Oklahoma or sad for our nation
Breeders rawk.better than pixies.
These guys need to get off their lazy asses and start shooting.
I hope my boyfriend doesn't leave to Mississippi for work:(
TY. Have a great Friday and weekend.
Cal on visit to White House: "I’m excited about the opportunity for them to meet the President of the United States. ..."
Who else is totally stoked for opening night?!? #TheHungerGames !
For what it's worth - I have a good feeling about the TEXANS this week!
Recently, a woman ordered a White Petal latte in the retail space. With soymilk, no less. Claire was a bit apprehensive, but the woman...
"i had nightmares about that dumb thing."
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Poor :( Poor :( #Wisconsin #businesses. They don't have those in united-hostile-trolling of
TONIGHT - Black Lotus with DJ's Xibalbalola Adddj, LAD, Nihil & Guest DJ Ritual from Denver, CO at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
As you saw in the 1st inning, you keep Dunn in the lineup at all defensive cost
drafted by ! Congrats!!!
(312) 266-1616 Call us today and see what we have going on!
Leave it to an italian to teach me how to time re-map
This my page who ever dnt like what i post can kiss my natural black ass n tht order!
Thanks Paranormal activity 3! Won't be able to sleep for days and I probably won't ever want to have kids... Toby are you there?
Edward Lewis just said "face book is dying in my opinion" in a room full of social media professionals
Looking for an Acount Director for Current Lifestyle and Marketing with beauty and fashion exp. email me at
Q5: Greater ATL has mutliple SIGs/GIGs - attendance to events is part of membership...and that includes food! Priceless!
I studied and studied, but I think it was the little pony on a stick that that sold it. :)
Also Ruben pierces today till 9pm and Currently we have tattoo openings after 3pm with Dag, Thomas and Gustavo!
omg aw<33
Call me wacky but I think BC covering is a lock and they might even win outright
I saw that jquery/template has been put to pasture. Do you know of a good replacement?
Two great museums! Hope you enjoyed your visit! :)
The #Ludwig Book by Rob Cook is useful w/ lots of photos, too. Is there a book (vintage or contemporary)that focuses on #Vistalites?
U have the ability to influence those around u... Do u add negative or positive in your world?
I hope everyone is enjoying #FatTuesday! Lenten season starts tomorrow. I am giving up social media for
Omg ! That is so funny !! He looks just like him... a little "mini" version.
hmm coincidence that all of us Janesvillians can outdrink anybody else???
I love it when you start the conversation :)
Umust have just unfollowed I can't DM you back. FYI Twitter DM is mainly spam so often totally ignored.Not a good way 2reach me.
Interesting that all three plenary presentations focus on community and participatory mapping at the WB GFDRR new mapping tools workshop.
good point
Like my nuts just dropped
Im Done Tiarra Aint This What We Said Lastnight That Shit Is Pitiful<<<<<<
sure same number or is live at the scene if you want her to describe it for you. Here to help!
can't wait for the movie to come out
If I'm going to bike to work in 5 hours, I should really get some sleep. #insomnia sucks
and the what do I do!?(;
Just found out is going to the Seahawks. Exciting!
making a survey that asks readers to match narratives to data mashups...seeing if the results can in turn be used to model the readers
Crossing our fingers that it sticks after November! Pretty sure it will though.
Avengers hype is growing...is this a guaranteed billion dollar global smash? I say "yes".
Chk out www.privacythemovie.com Supporting role of Adam in this one.
Going to Alabama tomorrow for the whole weekend! Yeah buddy #BamaGirl <33 xo
Congrats on big win today!! , , , Going for Sweep tomorrow!!
heading over to check out the space ! see you soon! excited to catch up
RT : Who is visiting me at the new downtown today??
Put the herbal essence in the air & pay proper respect to Mr.Bob Marley.
I thought of both of those as, basically,feature-length previews for The Avengers. FWIW I liked Thor more.
Any SAAers want to join in on a road trip to NYC tomorrow? 2 seats left. Refund your flight.
I'm recently diagnosed bipolar CC helped me through high school. Thanks.
: RT : RT if you want a Miley album in 2012!
Sometimes life is no bueno.
CANNOT WAIT! :-) RT: You will get to see my apartment on "bethenny ever after" this season! That's why I'm hustling for you!
Kennedy: The guys in Blood Brother were upset with her; until their families started reading about what happened to them
Is it on TV or online?
this book looks great.
actually I said for your "terties" not boobs!
Of course a long commute by bike is just the opposite as long as you plan ahead.
You can't trust anyone these days.....
"Gingers are calm, cool and well-meaning people. # the fuck?!?! Hell no?
my dog hates getting his picture taken
This will be a long night
:) Just a name change, tis all.
I need a valentine
Quick 3 miles in Boilsder co today #lifeisasport #makeitcount ... hippies get out of my way!!!!!
Got a stealth yeah!
yes! We're open Easter Sunday! Hope to see you soon :)
My office, its been awhile
Thanks for using NEED magazine! Just wanted to let you know that we're needmagazine not NEED_magazine. Thanks again!
So cool! I'll be on there with ya!
Likely, Romney. Though it wouldn't be an enthusiastic vote. You? RT Who will be your presidential pick? Don't be shy now!
totally jealous! Starving right now!
Tell your friends to follow us, Please :)
Thanks for sharing it. Would love to see the movie. Did you make any scenes?
Some people are in love with the idea of love not the person there with..
as mentioned, we made that correction right away. Thx very much for supporting ! Check us out again soon!
here too! We luv r River North biz partners:)
is Anyone awake wit or jus the doggies :)
CRASH: I-205 southbound @ Killingsworth, rollover wreck on the left shoulder, delayed back to the Glenn Jackson Bridge
I'm going to the Sox game tomorrow! I have an extra ticket! Too bad you don't live closer...I know you are such a big fan!
Happy BirthDay to me:) Thank You Jesus for allowing me to see another year.
So glad you like the matching aprons!
My friend offered me tickets to the Jimmy Fallon show tomorrow. Thinking about going....
Bloomberg: "This is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights.. a testament to the President’s convictions"
I'm so behind in my work man << I have to get it together! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Loving being able to go to work 3-11pm! I love lazy mornings and sleeping in!
Very powerful presentation delivered by Yong Zhao at NCSL about possible negative effects of a national curriculum.
haha not at all ... #cmworld isn't officially a party without you in the lineup!
follow me ? :p u r an amazing singer !!!
Definatly gonna make this monday my bitch.
we wish you were here!
Good! I wish you well!! See you tomorrow.
The #Rangers need to go up by 3, cuz the #Cardinals will just tie it up again if they go up by 2.
it's inhumane...you'd have to be a pretty big jerk to steal someone's hashbrowns
#bb13 will b watching with people not in the know 2nite. Shutting the f**k up is hard....
"Who is your daddy......and what does he do?"
Yearbook with and
This was the 7th in Super Bowl History Couldn't have happened to a better person than 12 for the Pats
Why is Perkins wearing Urkel shorts?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I Want A Vlado Purple Shoe Really Bad...
In Long Beach without my mother knowing :D
i feel amazing!
These hoes still fucking random dudes as if aids has a cure..they do anything for attention.
Thanking god for another gorgeous morning! RIP to all the real niggas worldwide I salute.
If it wasn't for the humor and captain America.
#peeve, when people u never hear from send invites with store registrations for thier kids graduation or wedding gifts. Done, off my chest.
Legit sad that One Tree Hill ended. I feel like I grew up watching this show. Used to watch back in the dorms...
on a twitter binge where my dog speedy and get ready for this new Ray lavendor video song crazy
Comic book professionals I have a question: What is the industry standard in regards to naming a Letterer on the title page of a book?
From Jeremy Brett's performance as Basil in Dorian Gray. Watch from 1:47-6:23. I find his speech intensely moving.
wait.. da faq.. US one direction...
Hello from genuine human followers in #COSprings!
DANG well he lives in Texas and he does it five
Can't wait till august 8th! The weights are coming, oh yeah and crystal is coming home :p
Chk it out w/John RT : We are at the Classic downtown
at meeting amazing taxpayers who are getting their taxes done for free.
HALLOWEEN DANCE THURSDAY in the DONAHUE CAF. COME IN COSTUME AND LETS PARTY.
Damien Jurado is here and getting a bit of record shopping done before his set at 6pm!
Thank You!! Happy Easter!! :)
"Honestly I'm not hating I'm just laughing at how ignorant you sound" lolz great workout ;)
Lmaaoo what is this I leave my dog for a day and u guys are plotting to prostitute him out
RT : said "gay marriage" 6 times in an 11-min presser. Never said "civil unions."
I like your hidden talent then <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> haha.
Thank God I'm not going to school tomorrow :(
hey, we'd love to talk to you about coming out to , our farmers market and holistic health experience.
Thanks for the RT
He just realized he must continue wearing Adidas.
what was you're favorite dance on Dancing with the Stars last night?
got it.
Oh, well then you'll be fine either way!
about Nip/Tuck though
#Somewhereinthehood there is a Martin Luther King Street.
Be sure to follow Melissa's sister on twitter and also check out her fashion blog!
RT Still Friday somewhere, right, ? Graham Swift's WISH YOU WERE HERE. Incredibly good.
Last week of high school!
Wouldn't it have made more sense if #Google had shown us how to set a "homepage" on sites before they indexed billions of dupe homepages?
For all those following #ignitedc feminism is not a buzzword... It's a movement. Please don't liken to megacorp "synergy" etc.
what it do?
I feel so happy! I gave a lot of food to a big group of little city pigeons!! They are so happy too :)
thanks for the RT!
10th may 2012 auctioning a SIGNED #CoronationStreet Sign on ebay raising money for Kyran & RT!
No one picked ?!
Preach on! We can be our unique, best selves while respecting and celebrating our differences. Glad mentioned it today.
never heard that one! but we like it
There's talk of a traveling metadata circus , I want to go to there.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other
": what are you doing right now? #UWRightNow" working hard
are you back yet sexy girl
Rickie makes me so glad to have baseball back
guess what mamacita!
Summer Series Wine Dinners! Mark your calendars for May 23rd for our Spanish Wine Dinner!
Awesome!! Yeah we wrote the album right after we moved to LA, or Ellay if you will. Love DC! Hope to make it out there soon.
Superman saves hoes and whores I dont
How's fuck you you stupid lieing bastard
That's at the TOP of my list ;P Hopefully my mom isn't gonna be the one on the roof in this scenario
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she looks at you like no other.
AT&T: "Fans sometimes think we're deleting comments but we're not, they're just hard to find." <-- that's happened to us too
I want the girl in the 'Bad' music video!
finally baking me some cookies #Yummy !
"Able to fill in bubbles for hours." -- High school resume
Bozos is a nice way to put it. Wowza.
and I need to drop my books off at campus while we're in town. tryna get out of a late fee?
Bout to hit the sack. Don't wanna stop looking at this poster of myself. Hopefully Bosh don't f&%k this one up tomorrow. Tootles!
haha I guess. I love Christmas lights, I keep them up all year round.
well now they lost a customer right
I did... u just gotta be patient... :)
haha cause i'm not.
youre in the wrong place for that, sir!
I see you are above average bowler, but how are u when the pressures on and the disco lights are swirling???
ya. but i mean sometimes i get it in my head that im way better than them. they'll never learn a lesson.. :l i just hate it
Where is everyone going for spring break?
Omg all the members of mcfly look exactly the same except for Danny, I didn't even recognize him
Its said when a couple breaks up bc both ppl thought each other were the one for them but sadly no
She told me while doing background that the only possible way some people would be attractive is if they swallowed a magnet
We're going GaGa! Put your #pawsup and join us at Victor Hotel this Thursday nite!
#westoppedtalkingbecause you wouldn't take your bi-polar meds
cause im sick :l RT why didnt you comee?d:
im eating a banana now :)))
Listening to the blues. <3
Power just went out around area. Sheesh...a little rain and look what happrns!
swag...mason
me too
OK BYE! BE BREEZE!
I personally would like to thank Julie for being the mother of my inspiration, a talented writer and an amazing friend. Gabi
where where!!
And that was supposed to be Ahem not Amen -- although I suppose praying never hurts when it comes to concert tix
Please diregard the post on my page about Justine Jordan's webinar by ExactTarget. As of July she has no knowledge of how email for mobile …
For some reason late night tweeting turns into late night calls or texts with new people.
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I CANT WAIT WOOOHOOOO! i already know them me and scooter are tight yoo. LOL jk i wish.
Wouldn't have mattered for us..Flyers best us 5-1 in reg season...Wait!!...We beat them in Game 82!!...Series is 3-3!!
happy Monday to one of my favorite people!
On the PC side of things, I don't claim to be.
Getting all my shit on my ipod .
"TFLN:The problem with Wednesday evening drinking is that no gets to my level. It's like like a one man party. But it's a god party."
Hey kids, at the champs in strongsville that had sewn Sizemore jerseys $20 and a crapton of hockey stuff, lots of Blackhawks
boys (sans shirts) playing frisbee on the lawn.
It's more a matter of will.
Blog!! Go check out our latest blog about summer! And tweet at us with some of your awesome, or not awesome plans for this summer :)
Awesome. They'll be lucky to have you! RT : It's official. I'll be joining and starting this summer. Can't wait.
The Mets are now 6-2 and are looking good after a depressing off season.
Thanks to the small, but valiant crowd that came to the movie last night! Sorry about the cold wind & messed up DVD.
#OneThingIHate When people use the letter 'z' in stead of an 's' like it's supposed to be.
Merry Christmas
singing " I wished you love me " on ustream >>>
Very course in miracles!
I-5 NB through the Terwilliger Curves slow to stop and go approaching I-84
Yeah it totally was. Most of the time that comes back to bite us in the butt. Luckily, we got out of the jam.
Callous RT : Belated Sun. NYT sports reclue: 53A, "Insensitive" can be "Legendary Harry, we hear." Seven letters. Go.
got 99 problems and herpes ain't one
is it for children to learn their personal info like name, address, phone number, birthday, etc....
when apparently my mom is more worried about me than brian because i came home wasted one time
thanks! Done! :)
Unless you're texting or in a private chat. Then, go crazy!
well at least they're trying...now any receivers out there...hey congrats by the way!
I will be sure to check it out!
Small class v large class dynamics
We'll be set up downstairs for the draft. You will have to stop in to see the action, and check out our Ted Thompson Wall.
“: pre-sale front row center stage ! Woot ! Never ending Summer with cincy , cbus , Indy ! Here we come
I want to listen to rancheras.
Thanks, Clark. Ian is talking to G Burton about doin' a show together. You think that would be a good fit?
I feel u! It was so clean
Sir Henry Taylor~ The art of living easily as to money is to pitch your scale of living one degree below your means.
Thanks for the
The NYT building looks really different when you're looking down on it from above.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't 1 ;)
Instantly my new favorite movie of all time.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
Or perhaps Apple Casual?
Doesn't get any better than that!
I've been waiting so long for you to follow/tweet me! Please let TODAY be the day that you do! Please? Loveeyou<U+2665>
ill prolly call u n a few
Where's your favorite bar in Seattle?
Its time to have a glass of wine w/ sue.
Mahatma GandhiThe weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
BJenkins would have 15 sacks against that same comp. he got 7 sacks on this year.
nicky nick! <U+E418>
This newport woke me up just right.
Yes! Can't wait to hear what you guys have to say! (cc )
Glen Campbell's sons are opening with a short set. Campbell will be on about 8:30.
Gaslight smells bad! Ewww. Next stop.
ESPN using "Real and Spectacular" as a heading is great work.
I can't wait till December my BFF from Uruguay comes to visit for 3 months <U+2764> I need to speak uruguayan
Icant wait til dat woman beater go to jail
I liked you better when you were funny.
May actually go running this evening. I have no real excuses not to, although it's kind of hot outside....
it used to bug me to have nothing to do, but to be honest, it agitates me more now to have 1000 places to go and get drunk
I'd like to thank #blackberry today. Allowing me 24/7 access to micromanage and ridicule my staff.
I don't know, but they're hiring on the website for Albuquerque!!! Most excited about the fresh masks!
lolol! I know right. Haha :P
Finished final cleanup of the yard, watched the Packers lose ... grrrrrr. :( Getting tired of ham leftovers.
:)...thanks! Stop in and the next one is on us!
Casper puttin' the team on his back... Attacking the rim & it's #LBSU 57-57 UNM with 5:40 to go.
every scar ihave makes me who iam .
Great news for all followers. We are hosting a PHENOMENAL giveaway for Mother's Day. Stay tuned for details.
again Im not being shady...I have hit a follow limit...they won't let me add you... add me
Prosecutor Sherry Thompson will be on at 6 p.m. to talk about the Arevalos sentencing. Tune in!
Guess its that time again. My body is so sore from yesterday. I can't wait to have these next 2 days off.
They say talk is cheap, I guess that’s why I bought every word she said.
We are always looking for the book it is necessary to read next. Saul Bellow
OUR MORNING TABLE SHOULD DO A 3 WORD THING TOGETHER!!!!
He survived HR orientation! Now comes 's boot camp. Today we're welcoming new Web developer to the Scholars' Lab team!
please untag me out of this conversation.. lol
Me and just killed a fox
boyfriends who take long to text you back because of video games.....
#cil2010 Out of 84 ARL libraries, only 7 had tested homepage and other webpages and opac, all three, pre- and post- and during design
Though some of us might cling to them for dear life, lose the Oxford commas. It wastes print space in press.
hey buddie i need advice
“: As an #Aries you tend to favor someone who is self-assured,decisive and capable of leading more or less.”
We're going to have so much fun!!! :) RT aww looking forward. :)
Anyone going to a farmers' market this weekend? If so, which one and what are you buying?
it's fairly small, has a filter in it. It seems like that is the most probable reason
Omar Vizquel still plays baseball. He's 84 years old.
You had me at enchiladas! Let's do it!
merseyside debry in the am....come on reds
I hate that impotent feeling that comes with trying to edit photos in a confusing program I have never used before. Darn you PhotoScape!
I've never held a conversation like that. I wouldn't even tweet while ordering! Pretty sure, anyway … no, definitely not.
That's the best part of #twitter is engaging online then putting names and faces together! Enjoy networking &
welcome from two seats to your right
“: 'The Art of Fielding' by Chad Harbach. Definitely not strictly a baseball novel but incredibly well written.
Just puch me in the face when shhhhttttt gets too real!!
take that back. Pitbull is amazing
A5: Do they fade? I've managed not to call the desk.
nicole we were going nuts lmfaooo i kicked the ladys head by accident oy vey
My mom's boyfriend annoys the crap out o me, he doesn't even have to be talking, just his presence make me wanna punch him in the face<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Was just reminded of my strengthquest results...i feel like i was made to be a military general. Why cant I just be a woo??
Even when it feels like theres no one holding me..
Work stress, lack of sleep, lousy diet, and days leading up to your monthly period are the perfect circumstances for sudden rashes of acne.
hope you can make it to the #Bazaar this year - lots of #bourekas and other delicious goodies!
your cousins name is Jesus?
we were so happy to see you last night!!!
How old was Neil Young when he wrote the words, "Twenty four and there's so much more"?
Spent part of my afternoon cleaning out an old staff member's office. I found two unopened boxes of transparencies.
|#quotes The goal here is to build a brand around social relevance in media (with his Participant Productions company).
it seems like april takes long haha.
Jack Flash - $35 an 8th - No Tax
#RT if you are a single father and take care of your kid the best u can
I see you Davis
S/o to for being cute and cool af!!
cmon guy its easter
Watching Tangled......you knowz it! :P lol
Just finished playing for the State Band Competition. Feeling pretty good about the performance.
My strategy is extremely effective, don't you think?
#iWishThat most people wouldn't be one big disappointment & would actually amount to something
Love spending time with my family and god son :)
Will do boo!
is that coincidence or have u been on my website??! Love love love it miss!!!! X
Ok But Follow Me You :)
Quote of the night at the bar from the waitress: "you guys are definitely not next"!
Did everything download okay?
His grace and loving kindness despite myself leaves me speachless! God really is amazing!!!
I would never be able to fit my kids & groceries in one! :)
#Indie #artists & #filmmakers are in some way obligated to "stir shit" and make people see a different perspective. Agree or Disagree?
TY for following Check 'em out
The average number of people airborne over the U.S. in any given hour is 61,000
sometimes loves comes around and it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down <3
Spielberg's bout to choke a bitch
I was just informed that getting upset over the word "tootles" is an early sign of depression.
As 4 #Thanksgiving, I #GiveThanks 4 being the person I am!! Cuz what doesn't kill me makes me stronger & nothin can bring me down-bet on it!
Neil Patrick Harris was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1988 for his role in Clara's Heart.
What statue should take the place of Marilyn in Pioneer Court?
We dig your music :)
I make a great hemp tattoo balm. I can private label our All Natural Hemp Tattoo Balm with ur logo.
I love Ms.Rileys class!
still poppin' off in tha shop !
Bored out of my mind
Busy morning at Florida Flute Convention! People definitely buying this year!
But Marissa Alexander is sentenced to 20yrs for firing warning shot in FL. No stand ur ground for her
Yes!!! Cabby!!!! Winning run at third!!! Come on pronk!!
Cancer's A Dick!
Don't be discouraged when you fail God. He can forgive you and even use your failure to further his purpose in your life.
thank you, as always you are too kind! now spread the word, I am the greatest artist in the world....
What it do? --> Hello, how are things going? #GhettoTranslations"
you mad!?
really? I didn't know that!
On Tuesday, it will be one year since I moved to NYC!
wished for a dick today.
Think visually! If your pictures are good enough, they’ll end up on the front page next to a thousand-word article.
please, please I beg you, be my 300th follower! Love you so so much!!
taking the stage at #health2con to discuss ONCs role in innovation
That moment when you realize how weird you and your friends are(:
I am where I'm supposed to be , in my bed (:
Reuters--launch took place 7:39 local time. Stay tuned to Biz Asia America...we'll have extensive coverage starting at 9pm EST.
Hey the sun is out in Cleveland! Please stay for awhile.
without , would be torn to shreds! we NEED to get a National Kenny Hamilton Day , if you ask me. iloveyouKenny<U+2665>
It is very cool!
Thanks for the interest! And I hope you're right about the attendance, Kevin.
What the heck is wrong with these referees at the Clippers game?!?! They are totally from Memphis
It's so weird to see people from hs with babies...Or married! How does life go by so fast?! I swear I was in 7th grade yesterday haha
Once again, we thank our friends for the K+ on #kosher #food. Used to strive for A+... now we love K+
Im so happy for you it's you're time to shine
Welcome. do you make margaritas?
HaHaHa, better dust that resume off Charlie
#A1C results at 5.1. #bgnow at 130. Think I had a bad start to my day.
My friend asked me: "When are you NOT listening to hardcore rap?!" (i.e. meek mill, ace hood, jeezy, etc) I always listen to hardcore rap
Back in DC after 10 glorious days on Taglit-Birthright Israel w/ #JFGW240. Thx , , & Shorashim for an amazing experience!
I don't mind "male," but unless it's Edith Wharton or something, I'm not a big fan of "subdued." I like my reads intense.
Got to embrace the hate
This quarter is gonna be cool.
I wanna talk to u about something can I??
Thanks to everyone who is following me. <3
The best way to protect your work is to register your songs with the library of congress
Think about life for a moment
Going to be on Fox 10 Arizona Morning with Kristin Anderson talking about the Mardi Gras Gala at 8:20 a.m. this morning!
In a way? You could almost say that about string cheese itself.
If I had a#KeurigVue brewer I would call it my little lifesaver.
someone sent me cracker jacks!
Chilling with my aunt!
InSpotter is expanding and seeking business partners.
Hi how have you been?
wwyd as the GM this offseason?
MALKIN is the worst hot right winger out there!
thank you! This has been great. Now if I could quote Bridesmaids I will be happy.
Saw Ariana at the mall i missed her
Happy Friidaay Eve to you!! :-))
Can you give us a teaser? What've you been influenced by as of late?
(1) Legal deposit not required & is formality prohibited by Berne (2) Most sell-pub work isn't deposited (& often can't be)
Next on the at 4, previews Game 3 from New Jersey. It's playoff hockey tonight and puck drops at 7.
He wants me to have a couple of x-rays and CPP blood test.
Goal #Barca I'd say Chelsea is screwed with a man down.
My house smells funny. Not funny ha ha. Time to light some candles and play "find that smell"
Have really started to like the new Keb' Mo' release "The Reflection" It has this Bluesy feel about it, yet with a contemporary R&B sound
Pleased to announce that I have won a UN Foundation Global Health Journalism Fellowship
To person who stole a personal phone of ours out of a vehicle - leave an email and location where we can pick it up, no questions asked.
merely offering an opposing point of you. Would be unfortunate if you truly believed only 3 things to be done w a woman.
Gingrich was like a 90s remake no one was interested in watching.
RT : Wow -- all Mets will be using Beasties songs as walk-up music tonight. Perfect. I love when people are perfect.
yes and thank you!
Team Meeting Tuesday May 31st!!! email for details!!!
Thank you really appreciate it :)
Mob Wives Time
I saw an anti-Romney ad on TV this morning that was hilariously terrible. Priorities USA needs to do better.
Date Night: Caribbean! THIS Friday....there's a few spots left! Better sign up...it's looking TROPICAL!!!
Anybody watching Wheel of Fortune? Tell me that guy in the middle doesn't look like Napoleon Dynamite.
your welcome u just made me happy im readin pt 2 on ur story and im startin from chap 1again its to good man Peace&Luv
#excitedforsummer DUH! i can't wait!!
We should probably get involved in this
ok & y'all anniversary is today?
Celebrating my bday by going on with today at noon. Call in and share your passion for Baltimore's children.
Teachers and teacher-librarians! Looking to interview people about their digital storytelling projects for my thesis. @ or DM me :)
Thanks for following. If you ever need an Apple Guru were here to help.
(Rich) Waiting on confirmation for an investigation this Sat night. If it happens, will be tweeting from the location!
loved the show. Going to miss it. Wish all the cast the best.
hahaha, your crack me up!
Thanks to all the people that helped make April so great here at ! I had my best month ever! Yeah!!
eyerytime I hear yup, it's like finger nails on a chalk board
Ugh... Nough said...
They need to to put ma fool on that 2012 freshmen list
power nap w/ my lil dude ...
thanks, sara! We'll be sure to keep you in the loop. :-)
I just favorite'd yours
fuck man id represent for the east if you send some my way... All about promoting the KINGS
Wonderful discussion. Great to see you!
Man these guys aren't the demographic I'd peg for my readership – "GunRightsAttorneys liked your post 'The Challenge Of Dodgers Ownership'"
Mr. Rushdie:Is there a chance to talk to you about CF? I am the DC correspondent for CF home newspaper in MX City. Please DM
So on my way home I read her txt n got ta rolling.lmaoo
- Wedding fun! TY for the post doll, thanks to my faves at STT! Xox
i will talk to you
I just got really confused because I thought that was in my web browser as a website. lol. you kidz
#7NewsSouthFlorida just blasted my moms school for clearly abbreviating "Kindergarten" but claiming it was misspelled. This is newsworthy?
ya damn right lol
Women listen with their heart and men see with their heart. That is why compliments are important to women.
Anytime. Nice to meet you.
So many ideas and concepts!!!!! #ANightinHollywoodLive! [official name]. I don't think you're ready!!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations! I'm glad you made it! :-)
Whenever I see a guy in LA with a tiny hat and a mandolin, I am reminded of how capable I am of killing someone w/ a mandolin.
dream chasers
great meeting you too -- can't wait for to meetup for photo adventuring!
Waking up early for school sucks, but I got to get that education.
Thank U!!
The most important thing to value is your time #wimlink Women and Leadership
Follow us (:
happy birthday, Alice Paul, one of the great heroes of
Go #reds baseball! #OpeningDay in Cincy is a beautiful thing!
Congrats Jasmine!!! So happy for you!
My 30's have been my favorite decade by far, at least so far!!! Embrace it.
damm was there wed guess next time
I resemble that remark. BUT I definitely improved some drastically out-of-order corners of my mind.
How was Pike County?
Hi Nice article! Do you think e-books and online copy of books are slowly replacing paper bound books?
Best new show in a long time- thank you! Please have 52 new espisodes a year cuz I don't want to go thru withdrawl.
That pretty much describes me. Lol.
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
I have enjoyed a breezy springtime week in Baltimore but do sort of wish I was in Lisbon
right..the good thing is that i can see my friends everyday :)
Looking forward to god taking all the christians away on Saturday, the world WILL be a much nicer place :)
ah... no wonder I keep getting all those sheep and goat ads. cc/
Joyce Carol Oates: "Technique holds a reader from sentence to sentence, but only content will stay in his mind."
Looking for African American married couples to discuss the state of marriage in the Black community.
are tearing it up!!
No, it's because he ran one route in college. I like Hill as a pro.
no prob, just dont talk 2 the wrong people, u mite get kidnapped and raped. Lol
#BreakfastBurrito ... one of the best burritos known to man RT : Jk bouta make a egg and bacon burrito! M so good.
Lol your tweet made me laugh! Ive never stapled a blouse but I have stapled cuffs on my pants that fell. Too funny!
I can't imagine where I d be if it wasn't for God
Yes ma'am!
AUSTIN IS SO PERFECT. :')
Some pizza place called big daddy's pizza just followed me. What a great name.
Chance of a lifetime is staring u right in the face. Everything u want and need is at ur doorstep. But yet u dont jump on the opportunity.
#kids MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event: MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event from...
Say hi to Theo for me! Sorry I couldn't make it this year.
have you read 's new book #SBAU? You won't be able to put it down!
Our sincerest apologies to everyone who received spam from this account. We are a sketch comedy group, not spammers!
Andrew Garfield. Also in Venice. Swoon.
8th period when you have a game is the longest class of your life
I am so sorry I feel so bad. I am trying not to cry but ........
Lars and the Real Girl reminds me what my favorite movie genre is: "depressingly optimistic"
You gotta butterfly tatted behind ur hear talm bout... Fuck it, ink my whole body.... Bitch ... #stfu ... Get like me...
Is it really so terrible that I laugh at adults who put their fingers in their ears when the F-15s take off at #PDX?
says he usually leaves the LSP tapings feeling like shit about himself. There's an on air confrontation going down right now!
maybe next time when they release a new album and they come back to SA, I'll try to see them which would be the 5th time, but next week...
Had so much fun today!!! You got so many great gifts!!! Can't wait until Thursday!!!
Depends on what other teams defect from the Big East (like Louisville) and what UConn looks like post-sanctions and Calhoun.
Now this is what I call a beautiful day
is always a great time, and the has bands on the weekend. Sculpture show at
It's a sign of the times that so many political cartoons feature a drawing of the collective uterus of U.S. women.
Did you know about the Portland Public Library's Summer Documentary Series? We show POV films before they air on PBS! Tuesday's at 5:30pm.
In Class .
"Fortune and love favor the brave." - Ovid
#vsa2011 ha! Who's afraid of the word remedial? What does it bring to mind for non-evaluators? Are there other terms you use?
Amazing Year!!! RT : All hard work paid off! Record attendance for walk. 3,025 walkers including 173 SURVIVORS!!!!
See Bynum? He's smaller than you BUT HE GOES AT THE RIM
": you and this mouth lmao"---yo body gone b beat tho.
"Aww F it"
( #ICONicBoyz ) favorite childhood memory ? shout out to roxana esquivias
Too funny !!!!! But I love her
Kottaras would have doubled. Deli is open, Bro Namath!
Awww. Heart shaped cookies are cute, and yummy!
Yes! It's a pretty shnazzy new card! All the cool kids have one! :) : guess I should pay my dues.
awesome. drawing with yarn today into crochet sculpture. Looking forward to some creating and tv later. Enjoy!
Beta testing is going well and I hear another small round of invites will be sent out today. Not long before public. :)
#travel #quotes The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. Saint Augustine
Bicycle Day! Bike to the market and have the Beans Cycling team bike your purchases home with you + Ethan Keller performs! 10am-2pm
Finding your birth mother or father may finally clear up the issue of those nagging health questions.
I swear I hardly have anything to say on here when Basketball season is over. :(
lol u know it
planning a workshop on how digital media is changing the language...
BREAKING: Chicago Bears project themselves to win the super bowl in 2013. About as true as Walker projecting a surplus in 2013
Rod Smith running hard late in the game as Scarlet tries to run out the clock after a Guiton pick on the goal line.....
Short man syndrome is the
Love. Those pics are on the back of my door!
Excited to see my family this weekend, but not excited because of the reason we're seeing them.
absorbing all this new music knowledge from and deleting a fair share as well
Shout out to my lil brother MR. She The Truth Him Self....PARTY ALL NIGHT!
I met you dustin at NAMM last year I'm coming to the tipitinas show tonight! Play indentity crisis plz?
lol I forgot how too kinda its been rlly long since ive been on here n dey changed this
TRADER JOE'S FANS: Retweet oif you think TJ's should offer a Reward's Card!!
What hat do I wear on Suspicious Densities? More like the beret of an artist!
Me too! My geekery is starting to show with all the excitement as well.
Do you know what's bad? Not having a cellphone while 12 year old children do. Not cool.
Smh I fucked aROund & updated my Twitter app now I'm mad I have to use this
aye no dude ha ha then when it broke on them xD
um...pretend to faint? Or stop by after work. :)
Let's talk about Sex Baby! You know through dancing.... not like a real convo. We don't need words to make you pay attention!
just like you, i get lonely too.
Keep to yourself to many false tongues be speaking lies of you.
Their always the best ever...till u get played
Mad men and the killing both absolutely brilliant today. Happy Sunday to me!
Hahah Jonathan is such a dramaqueen!!
#LEARN 'the recipe for good choir sections' at a "Master Class" w/ on JUNE 21 in DC! More to come, but SAVE-THE-DATE now!!
I'm starting to like this whole online education thing...
Ugh. Not looking forward to that.
Thanks so much to everyone following! We should use the Internet to its fullest potential to get the message out there! MUCH LOVE!!!
I can't... I am moving to Vegas!!!
On MLB Network after the game, Harold Reynolds said Philly is a 45 minute drive from DC. Don't know who gave him directions!
Employer Brand improves quality of hires & reduces attrition. Many orgs see it as recruiting marketing. It's more
I'm awake. Waiting for the sleep to wear off. Mildly angry about it lol.
Making you laugh was a hoot.
I'M here
Sounds good. We just sent you a DM. Let us know if you got it
I LOVE talkin' with my #Awesome friends<U+2665>
I'm seriously not scheduling classes for monday mornings next year.
2011.08.21 #Brewers 6 #Mets 2 | Swept the New York Mets / Road woes are left far behind / Happy birthday Craig!
Hip Hop BBQ on Pandora radio is nice
°o° Pardon our dust, new updates have www.eartothere.com up and down periodically.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right
OMG. literally my favorite movie of all time!!
Good day so far. New client mtg all set. some #xdlab time now off to lunch with to do some web-coding.
Jelena haters...-_- wtf? They r dating leave them alone u can't do ANYTHING about it.
racks on racks on racks, maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs, oh shit it's just
In a meeting and "Photograph" plays on the loud speaker, can't concentrate now.
Heading to BISG's Making Information Pay meeting today. Is there a hashtag?
Mike Maddux's mustache is epic. Derek Holland's not so much.
Portland, do you know about , our downtown steampunk-decoed eatery?
Thanks to those who submitted questions tonight!
Alcohol was legal then illegal then went back to legal cuz ppl were acting a fool lol. Can Mary J get a chance?
downing those yards.
I fucking hungry !!!
hme now but me n shay was prolly gon pull up later
rdio.com wins. i've only used it for 7 minutes. grooveshark is too akward.
"Anna's emotions immediately transform into resentment at his bullying tone"- ANNA CHRISTIE
My master's project was approved by the Associate Dean! One more sig to go. But, my adviser said I'm set to graduate regardless! Yay!!!
My biggest fear is losing my parents.
I retract, Glee girls in "Cell Block Tango"... Hot.
Mom's know everything!! Even when they don't say they notice it at the time, they do.. This is why I love my mom <3
Soon your just gunna be somebody that I use to know like all the rest.
thanks for following me :)
Great article from on analyzing mobile blueprint. They're a brand we have much admiration for!
why?? So we can watch him play more golf
Dear, T-Mobile 4G network commercial: Lies. All Lies
ABCs of photo organizing: Album, Box, Can (yes, trash!)
Good spiritual writing requires courage, a willingness to walk into the fire instead of around it. - Sarah Sentilles
Completely ridiculous. “: I'm not a Pat Lee guy, but how is he the only one who gets flagged and then gets ejected there?”
I don't need a man, my best friends make my day <3
Thanks & Welcome! :) xoxo
Just walked in on my sister
sigh...sadly no...lol but we are halfway there so yay!
USA is in NYC until Thursday, May 10th, spreading the word about a FUNDING OPPORTUNITY for artists! Help us share the news!
Success is not a place at which one arrives, but rather the spirit w/ which one takes the journey. Stop "doing!" Live it!
Pats or G-men?? Really need to win by 4, 5, or 6 points!
Stay out late cause we like to party who wit me lol
Thanks! Glad you could join. See you next week!
Enjoying Clint eastwoods place in Carmel by the sea. VIPs here for film fest.
Consider that getting on a plane or on a bout without a clair destination and time of arrival is the same as going in to the week
Vikings owner Ziggy Wilf calls it an exciting day announcing a new stadium deal has been reached
Watching Friday Night Lights
#NF Twitter said we are similar. Whatever that means. Jk, it means we should date ;)
slow sanced with today during Last Song at digitour. my life=complete.
Globe Trekking #Brides! Pick up the Spring Issue of for the ultimate #honeymoon experience to
Im so tired of ugly people lol. Fun band camp though.
you only know that because of your failed bulimia attempt.
Please don't call me un mango. I don't even know what that means <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Living on Mission – Randy Friesen, Guest speaker Relay 75 | Go ...
love you babe <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E>
lol just popped in my mind!
Boots knock wooden planks/tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp/night spent in a dream
Whoa, whoa. Is this on the Not Even Really A Stereotype Network?
is exactly why we need Brockers. I think Washburn can improve his pass rush. He's got Seymour/Haynesworth ability
smh at whores. they screw up everything!
Did you lose another phone and get stuck with one that only has capital letters?
It feels very weird to know that #NIGHTSWEATS is rehearsing tonight and to not be there. is at the helm tonight. Kick ass.
hm well lemme know then.
More than four hours of sleep last night
Ballsy move, #BradyHoke. I like it.
you are SO on target!!!! Go Mr Henderson!!!!!!
comcast's customer service is terrible but their BW is amazing. Game of Thrones Episode 4 in 60s
I hate having a crush on someone that used to like you,but now is in a relationship. Like wtfffff :/
Run? Who needs running when these shoes make you fly?
OMG now there's a "Dance Moms Miami". LOL.
Thanks for mention!
You don’t get wiser when you get older. You just get older. You have to practice to get wiser. ~ James Altucher
are you creepin we mean following our band?! NOW!
I absolutely LOVE Stevie! Oh, and BTW... That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER! LOLLOL
e20-002 pass, Great test. Everybody should take this one
you would come out with that story as UK makes a title run,good timing on your story douche bag #BBN get em
is organizing #swmilwaukee I think he's shooting for Q4 of this year.
Pinterest continues expanding into mainstream websites with Amazon & Ebay adding Pinterest Buttons. What are you pinning?...
Get on my level
So Google is announcing all the things today, works for me.
can't wait for VEGAS!!!!!
GOD I HATE THIS MSG ORGAN.
MT : says libr wanted "come hither" approach to digitizing: do materials to tantalize if you can't do all.
Is it possible that the super committee's failure is a good thing for states? bit.ly/rvUXrO Tweet us your thoughts.
Telling a girl she is a non mtf factor.
I did it can u do it for me thank u
Sometimes driving, I glance over at the passenger seat for a moment and think about how I wish someone was sitting there everyday with me.
Just tried Garniers BB Cream foundation and its really good coverage but a little too heavy for my skin, it feels like it cant breathe
And one that's a bit more obscure: Why is a bassoon better than an oboe? The bassoon burns longer.
Wheres my lighter, i have to go set fire to the rain ;)
Your website looks great! I loved the finale of 90210! I hope Adriana and Dixon get back together. Your new main picture is
happy holiday's
Getting ready to talk about IML's Junior AV Club as part of the Playful Interventions Panel, 11AM
Cause it's Wild Kratts now!
and making yu happy , makes me happy ;*
#15 Your so pretty !!!!! I love your icon!!
#edchat, absolutely. Cognitive Coaching PD changed my conversations as a principal. Focused on outcomes and steps to achieve.
have you seen fear and loathing in las vegas...same char johnny depp plays, but is in vegas messing with a trippy drug
same as every other new tech: sex.
Thanks for the info!!
Is it weird that I'm kind of enjoying the rain right now?
and lunch or dinner this week?? Miss you girls
I love the show #Shameless <3
no doubt, no doubt
I'm ready for #toughmudder ! Yay get ready Austin tx , San antonioans are going to blow your mind away ! #mindblowing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Need Prayer? Feel free to e-mail all prayer requests to: All requests will be kept confidential
no kidding! Absolutely!
Midnight run...!!
Seems that's a long tradition. My husband did it during 1970's wedding w/ transistor radio and earbud to get W&M game updates.
Mothers day I get to spend it wit my beautiful daughter!!! :)
<3 (to your mayday parade lyrics)
Rep. Sensenbrenner at Darling event.
Just beat Highland Park, finished 3-0 on the day! Our overall spring record is now 11-0....
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords Justin: "JERRY!" *Next weekend* Girl: What's Justin's password?" Beliebers: It's too long...- RT If you get it
It was pretty cool last night too. Actually I learned it was a cover from a band called The Strangeloves in the 60's.
John Mayer ;)
just be the Dad you want her future BF or Hubby to be. She's watching more than she's listening.
Thursday evenings! 10% Dinner dish twiscounts for our followers, infused drinks and Gypsy performances.
1300 dollar outfit for work today...how can I top that one? Mhmmm
this paper is not getting finished tonight i cant focus...
Netflix Takes Up 32.7% of Internet Bandwidth [STUDY]
What game is that?
Are you going to one or both?
What do you mean by this? Just curious.
Happy Friday! will continue our coverage of #OccupyPortland from downtown! Our live reports starts at 4:30 am. See you then!
LOL I JUST GOT ADOBE SUITE FOR PC.... WHOS YOUR DADDY
There should be no school on Halloween!
Just saw final destination 5
Daily Muse: "It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are!” E.E. Cummings
You mean 'Shenanigans'? RT : Next person who says I look like #ZachRandolph I might smack
GWC settles case for family of deceased Carpenter for $10 million dollars
#NP Marcos - Just For A Day (Luke Bond Remix)
Jeff Saturday to the Packers? I love you TT.
ADULTHOOD OFFICIAL TRAILER - In Cinemas 20th June 2008
Ur probably rite about the DEs. I do think LB is a deeper position and an underrated unit on our team and wanted ur take.
You bet! Kim and were just debating whether your hubby will show this year!?!?
Shooting a video for today..this should be fun..kids and structure..let's see
This game is giving me agita. Shouldn't have eaten that
Thanks for coming out & celebrating with us. Happy Birthday! See you at Irish Fest!
Never buy Dawn with Olay dish washing soap, it stunk up all my sponges, eww.
THX it took 6 years, 8 months and 1 day to get to about 1/2 of what u guys got. But still a great out come.
way up on Sahara...
from one Damon to another, I salute you. I'll be there assuming my arm hasn't fallen off by then.
Dear David Brooks: Most Americans only pay 14% in taxes because they're broke. And you're not a sap you're a fool. Obama tried playing nice.
Cannot. Stop. Laughing.
you are #perfect to me
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
Shortly after our weekend with Dead & Gone, we'll be releasing our full length titled 'Keep Calm' THEN releasing the split with Dead & Gone.
Hate When ii Think About Shit And ii Start Gettin Mad Aqain Or Feel Some Type Of Way ..
#MyPastRelationships were nothing serious.. if anything they were a joke.
Thanks so much for checking out Off My Mind. So glad you liked it!
i dont get it..
Good luck to my #PRSSA friends on your finals over the next few weeks. Remember: you survived Conference, finals week will be a breeze.
good meeting you. Pleassure doing up them Scrumptious Waffle Stickers. " )
Walked by an old man outside of Reiss today. He farted very loud. Twice.
Who is seeing this weekend at The Bottleneck? We will be there!
MT : Miss Tammy's awesome #ballet class. More and more students every week! we're gonna need a bigger boat!
i'm also wondering if you are free 6/8 between "morning" and "mid-day" (guess fuzzy words are bad)
Yes, I am at tonight, indeed. Free before 11pm. I go on shortly after.
rednecks these days..
Im home again
So Tired -__-
I'm sorry I can't be perfect, Sean :(
Stopping by to say hello. Hope you have a super week.
probably was. Lol
i am so hilarious. omfg
Loyalty is everything when it comes 2 family I love my familia
I know I'm running from a warzone.
I've no idea and I'm afraid to find out LOL
so... would you take a 2nd one online? that way it's more flexible for your fun #summer sched! let us know if we can help
#AlliThinkAbout is music.
Thank you for hosting our VISTA team meeting today!
what? How? I wasn't being mean -.-
Boo WJZ cutting off the Adam Jones 'walk & ride your bike for the Bay' commercial with an ad for their news!
RT S/O on getting promoted 2day! When ur on the Bottom God will bring u up an Over! We got 2 reasons 2 party now!
has new music and videos up on myspace and youtube...with more to come! And catch us live at Blue Nile friday night!
are you coming out tomorrow? It's been a while!
Retail price per gallon of black ink in the average printer ink cartridge is $4,731 (from PC World). Why complain about gas prices?
Hey I believe the saying is 2 in the front and 5 in the back..With the visual being the fist
Wondering why I have such Apple envy? Is and Apple computer really better than my PC? Imagine me paralyzed by indecision.
RT : Kinda pissed I'm up this early for no good reason// Hm
RT : Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day. - Sally Koch
In order to increase what we have, God needs to increase who we are.
you are out of your mind, first half 15 fouls to 5 wow cheatin
girls r complicated
ha ha. you don't know who he is do you? ;)
I'm always afraid I'm gonna say something and make someone mad at me or judge me. I try not to care what people say/think about me, but I do
Don't forget the and their glorious concert in March- Mahler 2!! I can't wait to play!
you were on fire tonight. I bet it had to be a little fun to finally play in a game. Tell the D you want the next game off.
i bet you think you're MIGHTY clever right now...
ight that's mr Henderson to u
You bet!
omg go have sex with
So happy I decided to watch the voice over the bachelor! Such talent and looking at Blake and Adam isn't hurting!
its raining and the last of the tomatoes needed it,but my car needed it more. I may be able to go at least another month without a wash now.
ur welcome my name is jerry and u?
oh, so you must be "7 Days of Sex"? Or #MasterOfMovement? Or r u #ineedyounow?
Thanks. Will read.
Starting Monday. Starting Monday. Starting Monday. No! Start now!
Happy opening! I watched Linus and Alora tonight, and it was beautiful!
The World Health Organisation says significant progress is being made against malaria thanks, partly, to a campaign of using insecticide-tr
I think that and should just go and be on a toothpaste commercial or something why are their teeth so white
#BillRomanowski anyone that watched you play doesn't believe you didn't go head hunting. But that's part of the game...don't hide
I didn't answer the first text. Don't keep asking me the same question.
Good morning! Love Is A Painting And Your Heart Is The Paint Brush.-Unknown
I love that many of my followers had a day full of blessings! :)
thanks for the follow! How do you like Experis?
just did(:
Thank you so much. I wish I was at IACP this year, in my home town! I am here in Greece til the 9th. Enjoy. D
Pumpkin Fact: The largest pumpkin ever grown weighed 1,140 pounds
chill out ESPN lol
Got engaged and passed her real estate licensing exam this week...I guess I decided to grow up a little.
with who?
Yo look us up
It seems more difficult to "preserve" photo files in iPhoto - less ability to change filenames,etc. Anyone else find this?
Love your work!!
obviously time to clean up my follow list.
From what I'v read about said Compromise so far is that D's are willing to let there Surtax on Millionaire's(The pay for) expire in 10 years
People are so goddamn annoying and inconsiderate.
H is sick; fever, aches, etc. Wonder if she has strep throat. She's propped up on the sofa with juice and rice pudding, and plenty of Buffy.
It isn't a brave and interesting ending. It boiled the game down to choose one of 3 endings. Why give us so many choices in the game?
I'm just an old man who didn't wash his hair today.
Just finished making 2 pineapple upside down cakes & meatballs for a coworkers retirement. Feel like a Food Network Chef! :)
interesting stuff on old-growth desert plants. Thanks for posting at SoCal!
This bitch gone love me now she gone let me pipe.
OMG GUYS KATIE CHIU IS ON TWITTER MY LIFE IS NOW COMPLETE <3333
After an hr at DMV this came over the spkr., "Our computers are down. Sorry for the imposition.” Oh yeah. All 73 of us were just tickled.
Happy Memorial Weekend!
didn't UofO already admit to paying Willie?
If this sub says "guys and gals" one more time I'm hitting ....
don't forget what I said about them Pacers last night
off to crossfit to get my butt kicked!!
Lions and tigers and bigots oh my <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
serious!! time to visit florida! got room for the poseys? haha
bahaha, best addiction ever ;)
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!! Its almost 3am where I live & OMG I JUST FREAKED OUT.<3
I know, he's hilarious, isn't he?
most likely. we can always work around my schedule somehow
I agree. Much easier to control.
that's kinda funny coming from you Ryan, an open mind? You mean like yours towards hockey? You crack me up dude...
ooohh lol i sorta suck at sniping depending on if im in THE ZONE lol :) do u buy the new zombie maps that come out?
I may just take you up on that!
Will do! Thanks for the follow.
My boyfriend is retardedly hilarious.
Dear #JPMorgan investors: Sorry about the $2 bil loss. Our bad. Will foreclose on some houses to make it up. Thanks!
thats not terribly bad. I've seen much worse. Let me know if you need a hot mix for any of those records.
Any writers going to #BWENY? I'd love to connect with you there!
You sneak peeks at your X-mas gifts as a kid? Well, you will have to wait to see what our Sunday FB/Twitter fan/follower special will be!
"Barbiere" is straight out of my grandmothers Christmas decoration box
<333 say something to me on ustream lol . i texted u today ;D #wellersrule !shoutouutttt ! :P
i believe there is someone out there for everyone. I don't believe we are all fortunate enough to meet them.
So I started hashing out my Carnival of Souls review for Movies I Actually Enjoy. Tough to write about my favorite movie: as in Why is it?
You may want to tell the folks at MDA, including the regional director I talked to. They'll be shocked. And tell Jerry, too.
SO excited about this fat burger I'm about to eat!!!!!!! #fattweet <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
Hey T-shirt fans from across the pond! hope you like my work... just getting into the biz... I never knew....!
63 and sunny. If I believed in the concept of heaven, this is what the weather would be like.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 59
I call bullshit on your pure existence.
PLZ Follow me !
BREAKING OUT WITH THE ALCOHOL ;D
I'm doing an online course to be an astronaut. It's really hard (who knew?) How about you? You've been MIA lately. :(
We are actually writing a song about/for Tilda on our next album. FACT.
The ads for "Dark Shadows" look terrible. Tim Burton and Johnny Depp need to stop working together. Same performance, different makeup.
can you follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Walt Fraizer and Mickey Rooney both died?
In case you're wondering what former rock stars do for work, they become SAT tutors. #YesHighSchoolKids #ItIsTrue cc:
When boys look Like Justin bieber<<<<
Yay! Let me know how it goes!
always keeping me sane :)
Thanks for the follow Rex! Ill be looking out for your Pilot and premiere!! Cant wait to be out in Cali again!!
Facinating hypothesis from Gideon Rosenblatt: "niche" nonprofits should focus less on small contributors and more on major donors/...
Go do the bull dance feel that flow.
oh no!!! I didn't think you'd be checking twitter! Surprise
who seen #boppo! stickers 'round town?
This might be too advanced for me. Perhaps I should start with the novice version “You Are A Wannabe Writer.” LOL
Happy birthday to thanks so much for the support!! Hope it's the best birthday yet
Heh heh - glad we could help! Go Techy Librarians!!!
What's future of aggregation? , Challenge is to adapt to changing consumer behavior. Blogs fading
It was bittersweet. Great to be there, bummer we're not moving on.
- Nope, staying right here in USA. Visiting Mickey in FL this wknd
Started my Diablo 3 download this morning. Should be finished just in time for me to start playing when Mitzi Closes.
how do you like it?
#AMAZING #WEBSITE! #Love the #NavySeals & their technique for #STRESS... thus learning to #FOCUS FULLY on the task at hand !
Hey, , come out to the west coast... we have a guest room and NO hurricanes! :)
do u know there is not a day that goes by that i dont think of u?:)
ur playing on the radio at dennys everytime I come here it plays.. We will get married.... Oh my!
I never get ice in my drinks. Gets in the way and ish.
Livin like theres nothin i can do to stop it from comin.
PLOM (poor little old me)
The plate method is a helpful tool for eating healthfully: make 1/2 your plate fruits/veggies, 1/4 lean protein & 1/4 whole grains!!
I really really really wanna play grand theft auto san andreas right now
Great day with sister Jessie.
not cute . he's okay but I wouldn't date him . I'm weird I knoww
massive migraine, #fuuuck. :/
Well he's pretty much right
Ever cry when you really shouldn't? More stories coming up next...
Euuuggghhh. 3-day-old lemon chicken is rubbery and gross when microwaved.
Cheers, mate. Happy tweeting.
Happy Friday mother fuckers!
So glad tomorrow is late arrival. I probably have a TON of make up work
Just saw you on #ESPN accepting your #nfldraft phone call 2 years ago...
Out running the other day, I saw a homeless man climb out of an anchored boat on Spring Bayou, and stagger down the sidewalk
april 22 is a sunday, so traffic won't be a problem
me too!
Eek, my tweet volume is down. I guess that's what a new job, moving, and two kids will do.
haha! the anticipation is killing me!! what do you think the event is gonna be??
my guy at the coffee bean & tea leaf gave me a free bonus shot of expresso in my coffee. it's like he knew...
Cow Phur is the Best Sac Package yet you have to check it out !!
they raw
Hey would like to integrate ur service in the soundgarage app. Any apis available?
Aldo Bello interviewed Rev. Ray Kemp today for about the #DreamAct, shared early footage: #mustsee in 2012
cannot handle the David Sedaris animal fables - sorry!
via reports that there are now more online searches for Occupy Wall Street than for Speaker John Boehner
Maurice Sendak influenced and enhanced my love of art at an early age. For that, I thank you.
Hey Joey! So I was jumping on my super amazing fabulous trampoline earlier and had the brilliant idea to tell you...yeah.(:
It made my day when i saw that accepted my friends request on youtube ^_^ I loves him! Hes awesome! FOLLOW !!!!!
Train tickets and hotel booked for a research trip in two weeks. Looking forward to getting back into the archives!
What was your favorite book #AsaKid? Mine was 'The Lorax' by Dr. Seuss.
domaine de roally, maconnais, #burgundy 2008 plus mischief and mayhem #wine such a gift in life
If you haven't heard music yet, Then you have no idea how it feels when a Homeless man blows you for the rest of your PBR
This weekend was so good! I want to do the whole thing over again.
Check out our Facebook page; we are offering Xmas stocking stuffer discounts!
That's SALARY. People who work for non-profits don't work for free. Stays the same regardless of revenue. Not on commission...
Thank you & Happy Weekend to you! #FF My day is just beginning here. Glad yours has ended! D
RT : 72 hours and counting until grand opening at 10197 W. Sunrise Blvd, Plantation, FL! (YUM)
Thanks, Joseph! To know is to love her. Glad you are following. Now I'm gonna nudge her to start tweeting.
And I am an idiot for not editing my autotext in tweets. It's Jessica Colati. Jess, you rock! I feel stoopid.
follow me please
There's still a chance of showers and storms through tonight in NJ, but thus far they are all falling apart as they move east across Pa.
Thought this might interest for #productivity during your work day.
The saints of clouds
Try to have the best, Monday you can, beautiful. Pettitte wasn't too bad. he needs to get some rhythm. nite...
OMG test taking is so nerve-wracking, but you're going to go in there confident, super prepared & WIN!
#AWD students: PLEASE please please share your Google Docs with my "husky" email address.
Are crowdfunding sites the new daily deal sites?
Happy birthday, Kendyl, from the NY Public Library!
Yes, I tweeted LOL > my Twitter timeline needs CPR. Ran out of coffee IV.
Hope everyone is enjoying #smbmsp44!
With a sick little one I won't be tapping much this week. Help me live vicariously...tell me what your tap class is working on. I will RT.
Just a warning to my followers, a lot of my tweets will be jonas lyrics.
how do I miss these things??? Going back to my dvr'd episode to see this trainwreck...lol
You're a Thai Siam carryout fan too? Best camping food ever!
oh. yanks :( well, if you have more work to showcase, do post it and let's see if you could get more juicy freelance gigs! :)
Porn on an iPhone is like eating supper with only a toothpick.
i love you guys! :D
With all this music I have... It's really hard to choose what to listen to. I think... Never Say Never is a good choice =P
Help support Hunger Task Force--drink our Holiday drinks here! Try the Cantina Sour or the Whitecaps! Delicious!
working all day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Just had lunch with the most awesome Brenda of
Hm...and who would that be??
Bugger. I think so. I stand by Chicken Nuggen though. It may be a tad dark, but hey, most fowl are destined for golden arches.
I knew I shoulda packed some PJ pants and slippers
My body hurts!
that's what we like to hear - spread the word!
Great #leadership cant exist only @ the top. Leadership excellence must define your organization like a strand of DNA.
Last Leap Day, I was living in England and spent the day at Stonehenge, Stourhead, and in Bristol. Four years: so short and so very long.
Gotta love that Raven's Defense! Unless you're a Jet's fan of course...
Trying to spread the bug and imagine for the better - part of our initiative at least..
So, a slow week? HA!
“: scorpios and aries should never date. experience has proven this a fact. #bummed #exhausted” no bueno
Day 1 post #Whole30 cleanse from Heading to see for my official weigh in and measurements & then for some bootcamp!
For the love of God and all that is holy, it's "duct" tape, not "duck" tape.
#earthquake just hit Paoli PA!!
Me, every day: "I don't want to go to class."
i wish icould.
So you didn't drink 18 yr old scotch?! :)
Just got an crazy call from my mom she's in SA
i have all the pics. send me a private way to get them to you and i will send them later. great to meet you
has three sleeping beauties next to and laying on him!! Loving life as a husband/dad... anxious about heading back to work.
ew no pervert. We're not gonna sleep!
I love him<3 Okay
We had a ton of it - bigger than a marble - smaller than a golf ball sure cars were damaged
b where
GREAT interview on the Rosie show! You rock baby!
Yea, u were totally tweeking out for a second.
You can achieve anything you set your mind too through hard work and determination
going tomorrow. It's not like there's a lack of stuff to do.
Another sunny day in paradise.
YEAH ALEX FOLLOW HER!!!! haha
Happy Birthday sweets!
A lot of disrespect for Bucky. Gottlieb has them getting beat in 1st round,
I venture only Not-a-Bitch thru seasons 1 & 2: Sybil. Biggest bitches: Sir Anthony Strallan, Bates. My kinda bitch: Dowager
unless they make you look good, which isn't hard to do.
I'm scarred for life..
James Harden comes in...loudest the crowd has been all night
Touch it gently, put 2 fingers inside, if it's wide use 3 fingers, make sure it's wet and rub up & down. Yep that's how you wash a cup.
did you see the house or was it deep behind a fence?
Workouts this year should be fun will you be there?
Money doesn't talk, it swears
Really? #Santorum would not change anything in his campaign? Not a great answer...and to be happy be in the final four. Oy Vey!
We're doing some new things around Halo... It's gonna be a huge change! We hope you'll stop by and check it out.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Your brand begins with understanding the value you deliver!
This shit be getting boring way too quick.
These bickering boys make me ill.
Thanks for the follow!
hey kid. I distinctly remember tweeting you a few months ago asking you to come to FL. you said soon. WHEN IS SOON?
#20thingsaboutme 8. Eight is my lucky number. Thought that would be a good fact for number 8. ;)
Thank you! Yes, a headache, but I've been told its worth it.
Off to shoot a spot where I get to be a baseball announcer. Maybe they'll green screen me into Wrigley for Take Me Out to the Ballgame
What are some movies you'd love to watch on our patio for Backyard Movie Night?
just completed 25 minutes minutes of meditation with
i cant even go out to the #club but its gonna stop tomorrow but its cool more time to spend wit #frinds #drinking and having
*SCHOOL FIRE* Hazelwood Middle @ 4617 Hazelwood Av, NE Balto; Trash can fire in bathroom. Fire Investigator responding
Yardage increases in #nfl due to starting field position @ the 20 b/c of touchbacks?
When singing in Florence the lights suddenly went out. 30 nuns held candles amongst us. The next scheduled work: This Little Light of Mine
I hope everything is okay. Ur such a sweetie. If u need me I am here 4 u
Dr Gloria - "...and I saw this guy across the room...and I could see he saw me...and we gave each other, you know, the Black Nod..."
Finally heading home going to surprise my mom with something
dress jojo up and salsa dance with her
Had a great visit with My parents.
Duquette's text message said "need money for Taiwanese LHP." I thought he was talking about rave pills. I've made a terrible mistake.
I'm back and ready! I am positively wild and giddy about
RT : The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dale Carnegie
squeeeee, I'm so excited.
Bitches r takin off their eye lashes nowadays 2 suck a dick
omg I'm 16 & pregnant! my moms gonna be so pissed! pshh bitch imma be famous!
Freaking I lost that list of people
Employee defecting to a competitor? Think about quarantining his/her computer in case trade secret/unfair comp. issues arise.
Malabar display proves a holiday delight - Florida Today Malabar display proves a holiday delight Florida Today It 's the second year in
As my girl Rebecca Black once said, it's Friday, Friday!
no, that wasn't it, the one I saw was about the historical figure, but I cannot find it through all the fictional ones
Wow. My daughter is grumpy today.
is #random <3
[You] don't get the time of day
Watching an 'I Survived' marathon on the BIOGRAPHY channel. These people have been through some of the most unnimaginable things!
Santorum's right. America suffers from porn, but it's mostly repetitive motion syndrome, blindness and hair on the palms of the hands.
yeah that's probably what it is.. I've just been using it for so long.. I'm not used to dry lips haha
Spring Training is under way. Pumped for the new season, and excited to see how the #Nats do this year.
51 new video clips filmed in one day...
Mos def! I always like to support brands doing there thing; its part of this great community we're apart of.
I read that tweet at least 5 times to makes sure I didn't have any errors of my own
The e-book version of A DIFFERENCE OF PURPOSE should be on the market by the end of May.
now fallowing :)
I'm so sorry about the suckiness of Come 2 for a real show! ; )
See you on stage tonight!!
Ugh school :/!
I like youre mustache.
Awesome! I'm doing my Hunger Games one :) it's fun.
Yaul two bout funny as shit good to see yaul tonight being all happy like
Required reading: "The First 90 Days: Critical Success Strategies for New Leaders at All Levels" by Michael Watkins
Why do the streets of Copenhagen and Amsterdam look so different from ours? Answered by
Thanks for coming! RT : I now know where I'm going after work. RT: : ZOMBIE DUST.
Another amazing haircut from ! Love having friends with skills & talents!
Google+ still exists? Wow.
Fml...I canceled my prom date for a girl that doesn't even wanna go! >.<
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments :)
glad I could help! Any chance you'll be producing web content for at some point down the road?
funny how the times I actually got to stay at home as a mom, rare as it was, I thought the greatest ever - apparently now that's a bad thing
Just realized is on campus shooting a music video!! I want to be in it! :D
RT - Dominique Dy what a great job singing the National Anthem at the NFL game for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
OMG has a bridal section complete with dresses...heaven! I want everything.
Wiskully decks are in!
You're just like a barbie.." "Awww, tall & beautiful?!" "No, plastic & brainless"
I appreciate that, Ben! You guys have a very nice portfolio of work as well. Being a creative director is very rewarding. :)
I'm only good at being young.
What are YOUR plans? Is anyone as excited about their weekend as we are about ours?
It's the full version, so you can create/edit movies to the full extent of the software. RE: iMovie on comps. in CyberFresh Cafe
Do I give my BC football season tickets away or just throw them out?
Oh yeah! ": Band 1 is gonna rock this unit. #whatdoyouknowaboutit ..."
Were Can I Listen To Some Of Ya Work!
Me too! Safe travels. RT can't wait to meet up in Chicago!
Museums don't be scurred! Work w/Wikipedians to share your vast knowledge freely. Bonus points if you pay them.
I miss #madeinchelsea and you :(
Don't sleep in your makeup it's bad for your skin. Take the time to wash and remove your makeup before you hit the pillow.
French Dip - Roast beef on a sourdough roll with provolone and horseradish sauce, served au jus
The worst outcomes often come from the best intentions.
Thanks Jimmy Kimmel for making me laugh really hard this week. First LA and GO and tonight Ron Artest. So funny!
Jeremiah 1:5 says "before you were born I set you apart" meaning you are supposed to stand out, not fit in.
Spent a weekend in Texas and now I have all of these receipts to take home as souvenirs.
My knee hurts and there's nothing I can do. Ugh. Don't dislocate your kneecap, kids.
Can y'all follow my new twitter...if y'all fucks wit me... do it now
That was the hardest day off ever. Work work work. It did however end with amazing authentic pork tacos.
hey girl whats up?? how was ur day??:)
So bored ):
Does anyone make latte deliveries in Dupont Circle for sniffly writers?
Those days you get when you just want to break a bunch I laws...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> yeah I'm havin one of those days<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Just Ask Leadership (garybcohen) thanks for the follow.
Smelly guy got off the bus. Thank god. Now I can breathe. I have been holding my breath since we left downtown.
did you find what you were looking for?
Was just told to go lay down and relax and nap if I wanted because "it's valentines day and you're supposed to be relaxing" #loveyoumike <3
Good luck to you! And, the Sea Dragon ride! :-)
Its Friday the 13th..
Oh &&& i forgot, I'm not light skinned!
hm what is your race?
he will be one. I like Martin and all but Cisco has to be the starter one day.
You're welcome Ashley. :) Thank you for following me, It'll be my pleasure to follow you back. :-)
Raining again & seems like it might continue for a while. Guess I'll try to finish Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close now.
I need to be on a campus fugg shiit up
RT : Oh yeah? Well, you know who I *can* insert the value NULL into? YOUR MOM.
Call the market that you like so much... They seem to have unusual stuff! OR have come to visit and bring them!
To recap, 1 vintage file cabinet and 1 top-notch, adjustable, ergonomic chair procured this month for a grand total of $60. Good omen?
These are the worst NFL hats I've seen on Draft night in decades. #Whatyearisthis?
#Bully = a non-stop sob fest of grieving parents. Wish they would've focused more on the crux of the problem. Still, a solid, empowering doc
A1: Yes stole the words write out of my mouth, re: tracking URLs!
What you're so close!!!! :o And ewww boyle heights! haha
YES that is exactly it. Want to teach like my high school teachers - friendly, welcoming - & it doesn't work here. Killing me
“: Yea I'm a PRETTY boy but tonight ima be a NASTY Nupe!” OH
hold up let me shower!(:
you too! Looks like it's going to be another beautiful week in
I took 3 hours to write a post for The Score earlier this week. Went to publish it this morning and found I had erased it. Beyond bummer.
Get your shit polished before you get your shit published.
I don't see a cape. Nor is it wearing the glasses I would expect from its mild-mannered alter ego.
Thank you, darling! I have considered changing my Twitter handle, for funsies. Maybe for Commencement? :-)
12 Days of Red Dresses — #8: Party Selena Gomez became quite the fashionista in 2011. From showing off her gams in flirty minis to prov
we got lucky
A blonde is sitting at a stop sign. A police man taps on his window."Everything OK?"Blonde, "I think it's broke. It's been 10minutes now!
Cool! Let me know what you think
#ThatsWhatIWant for everyone who has a problem to call me; we can help!
I get motion sick on that darn ride....booze or no booze. Haha
Lol. I know. Hoping she doesn't go to a 60 gallon next! Lol
I'm in Japan now - enjoying time with my family - and thinking about my family in PDX!
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world. --Agatha Christie
I am really missing my fam tonight, although playing poker may help?!? Trying to run some tests at work, but have no idea on one of them.
Getting ready for Spring Cleaning? Don't just throw everything out...make some extra $$$ and sell it on Antengo!
is there an issue with the Twitter follower growth reporting module. mine is totally off in my report
thanks for following
Please follow us for the latest in BF news !!
Finally someone who also appreciates HSM! :) Hudgens is So lucky! she's in timberlake's new movie!:) good luck w school! i meanit!:)
thanks! I'll keep it in mind
(head spins)
Renee must be sick because some non-mustached lady just sang the national anthem. No fist pumps but she did a good job
yess! seat G22! How about you?
I love a smart man.
But the first Born This Way Ball is tonight..
Master class time with Cedar Lake's Alexandra Damiani. Let's do it.
“Mapping the Experience” Chris Risdon,
Left the white house, now going to the zoo & lunch then heading home to Boston <3
: made kale chips tonight!! Woulda called you guys but they didn't last long enough for me to dial!
you guys in the burbs?
niggas will do anything just to get a female nowadays
curious? which Canadian Hockey team do you follow ? and who is your all time great Hockey Hero? love the show! all the best!
Weil on barriers states face in #ACA implementation: fiscal capacity, personnel/expertise limits, medicaid through 2013 & more
oh my god. i love those in so many ways!
did you snort? XD
Thanks for the No Pants luv! ;)
Why would she invite me to a post mothers day bbq? As if I didnt kill my diet enough with those nachos
already following:)
shout out
So excited to wander the Jaffa markets and explore more of Tel Aviv. Yesterday, I had my first arabic food - So delicious, and healthy too!
I got stuck in 580 with Nahon. Heard she isn't a fav prof...
I like how act like she dont know nobody no more. OK I see how it is.
Working on some music... exciting saturday nights!!!
If someone looks different and you feel uncomfortable, do not mock him talk to him.
McIlroy has chicks watching golf now. About to become number 1 in the world.
#NBC needs to fire him. As a reporter he is supposed to be unbiased. They fined Keith Olbermann for donation! I watch Chris Hayes
BREAKING: Surce tells that Peyton #Manning will spend the night in Denver, reassess in the the morning, but has left Dove Valley.
Holy crap, Giardia, seriously??? That stuff is so awful D: D:
Well im going to bed gnight everybody i love u all :-)
Seriously. Since when is it okay for 45+ people to gang up on a kid?
If congress uses facts,people will support them regardless of their political affiliation.
Nope, news to me. Have a link to more info?
Hey! Anyone got a line on some beeswax?! Shea butter too! Where do you get yours...because I know you all have it under your kitchen sink.
hey do you remember me?my friends and I chilled with you last time ftsk was in Wichita falls,I shared a candy bar with you!haha!
you guys have enough cheese today?
Good night !
A-Bar - #Milwaukeedictionary - Term used to define where to continue to party "After" the bar's close
Don't think the winner of AI is in much doubt, but...I've been surprised before!
I need someone to go on a walk with me / go get ice cream. No one is responding to my texts.
I used to go to Ultrazone as a kid. Can't believe it's still around!
aight man, DM us your number and I'll talk to you about it.
Your updated Facebook Page looks great!!!
we did that story this morning too. and used flatulence :-)
Our mantra this week: rock it hard at presentations
it really pisses me when restraints don't have my fav pop
Can't wait for One Thing!! (US fan) - Has their been snow in England? All theres been is rain, rain, rain in MA :(
A8. There would be mandatory #Nuts tweetups at LEAST twice a year. And spammers would be banned...immediately.
Floyd has cut open Cotto. This ones in the books unless Cotto knocks him down.
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in -- try the style on shorts, dresses & blouses. Great options at Tacoma Mall!
boom. best budz at 7pm talking about peyton manning, kony, lacma boulder and of course the media beat
And winter has officially arrived with a big F-you
OLPC XO Charging Station - hardboard
Dear : any idea what time 's set time starts next week if the gates open at 7 pm? Thanks!
definitely not looking forward to practice... #brookwoodswim&dive
good luck! time for a quick chat today?
Don't allow one bad day to get you down, plan today for a better tomorrow!
Thanks. Hope your day is going well and the weekend looks bright!
and I just wokeup. he and I haven't said a word to each other, but he favorited one of my tweets.
Celebrity deaths seem to always come in 3's. So, would that make "Meow" the Cat #3? ...Poor, 39-pound fat cat.
Hi Torrey! Happy New Year!
I love your response to the C&D letter. Especially the drawing. Can that be made into a T-shirt?
R-T if you are HIGH ON WEED TODAY
Seeing tomorrow!! Then reliving my childhood is Disney bitches can't wait
We're working w/ & , providing avenues for veterans & civilians to volunteer together.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:"Most of all, you have to really feel for the families."
hahahaha <3 I have no clue how I have so many. I love them all <3
Des Moines, Iowa
Your good intentions slowly turn to bitterness, reoccurring episodes with each and every kiss
"Would you like to tie me up with some of your ties, Ty?" RT : i cant tie a tie to save my damn life
Community, Parks & Recreation and 30 Rock are CANCELLED!? WTF? You know why I stopped watching TV for 3 years? This bullshit.
Why are east coast women that difficult? West coast women are the best.
Happened to me. Cousin: What diet are you on?! Me: The portion control one. Cousin: *disappointed look* oh...
DA. Laying ground work for Zimmerman prosecution stating he is a consistent threat to community! And his wife is complicit!
i know that guy !!!!
RT : Doc also says that Pierce feels a little better and is a go for tonight
HA! Go to bed! What are you doing up?
And, of those 4 contenders, it's the marketers' dream match-up in the #Superbowl. Woohoo.
same here
My heart is like a wheel, let me roll it to you
Who's ready for the Broncos to take on the Raiders tonight?? Let's go !!!
I may be young, but I'm ready..
Did you get my DM reply about the cupcakes?
If her age is her shoe size
JLO I need some quick cash I"m dirt poor from the soundview area in the Bronx
I know I just got the blue hair but it's just not the right fit for me-glad I tried it-buy I am ready to go back to something simple
hi ryan
#first40songsonshuffle #17 And Then There Were None - Spring Awakening
Crowd assembling for 5 pm Capitol rally at State St.
hm who ya talkin to GEM???
can't understand how people in the richest country of the world think health is a luxury.Masses so eager to stay in poverty?
Psalms 44:5 Through You shall we push down our enemies; through Your name shall we tread them under who rise up against us.
G'night All! Tomorrow is another day!
Tout fanatik and you guys gotta start showing them that you love them for real by buying their album
Life for a woman is so much more expensive...hair, nails, eyebrows, makeup, accessories....etc...and the list goes on!
YAY! Tenor banjo strings arrived, as well as the vintage bloomers and assorted 1800's undergarment pattern, via USPS. Music 1st, then I sew.
I'm at Nouvelle Ballroom C waiting for & to rock it!
RT : RT : Great seeing you at Tell you friends about being a big brother.
tweety tweet twatting tweety birds tweet tweet tweet =)) WHO!!!
And you'd better get a nod for the feature. I'm just sayin'
You have the ring. And I see your schwartz is as big as mine!
Tebow and Thomas.....BOOM!
Thanks for the reply -- I'll check out your blog.
Great quote. Thanks for sharing it this morning! Have an awesome day!
#wecanttalk if you are listening to your ipod while your talking to me
And mid-route crew changes. Just when long-haul is arr/dep there are necessarily extra people around.
Enjoyed talking on SuperTalk Radio with Marshall Ramsey this afternoon. Thanks for helping us spread the word!
Obama touts robust auto industry; GOP counters, thanks to Boehner, tanning supply sales up 500%
who did ....thats your name on twitter
you'll be great :) oh how I miss history.
Bad day :( kallie had to go and screw it up as usual
she told me you like that name fam
ESPN used chink to refer to an Asian person. That's embarrassing. Hope they're at least ashamed.
whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy. – John Kendrick Bangs
they have no idea what they've just lost ,you have been awesome and you brought class & cool attitude to days
no bosh, no ring.
thank you :) remember your beautiful and no one should let you think different.
I love that movie.
So fancy! Thanks for the quick reply - I have the Okoye book on ILL - I'll have to get creative with the other. Thanks!
After work goin probably straight home goin to sleep thinking about turning my phone off not sure yet
So its raining in miami
That's adorable!
Not going a day without thinking of Austin cause your a hardcore mahomie.
I think they actually shot in Spain. I remember reading that somewhere...
Google CU again and then get back to me #smoke#notevenclose winning a pageant isn't having that voice #RomosplanB?
Do it! Or just start reading - there are some really interesting academic and more pop culturey linguistics books out there.
new debugged app for android and iphone now ready.
Why can't press the follow button for me?
Yeah! Me too! ;) RT : song of the moment: "It Girl"....what songs are you diggin?
DONUTS to the rescue. Also, I saw you at #bigomaha but the tides of humanity kept me from saying howdy. So hi!
The greatest gift God has given us the gift of forgiveness. Powerful and liberating..
Feel bad for Tebow. Not sure the O-Line could play any worse. They could have Peyton Manning and it wouldn't matter tonight.
This is a great finish! Ad dollars through the roof!
RT Today I start my new position at Wikimedia Deutschland, working on the #Wikidata project. I am very excited about this!
I don't even do this stuff ever.
Visit my dreams i sleep well when ever u do :)
": Engines are fired for the Aaron's 499. #NASCAR"lets go kyle
It's sad and pretty damn hilarious to see a person talk shit about you when you haven't mentioned their name in months
Oh, yes, I know. Why couldn't he say that in the beginning is my point.
Thanks for bringing that to our attention!
eatin some chicken wings, watching wifeswap, and i saw a rainbow on my way home.nice!
right??! I should have, but was too embarrassed. Dang, major missed opportunity.
my phone poppin right now .....
u already know :)
LOL "Nothing would surprise me w/ FB, too funny"!
Recall tomorrow 2:pm.. If you like paintball then you’ll love laser tag. It’s an indoor activity and unlike paintball ~
aw thank u
Dont judge me. (:
I miss so much! I wish she lived closer!
GUASFCU alums! Check your email for an important note about our 30th anniversary. If you didn't receive one, email !
All ur fans should know to ignore rumors. It's all a part of being famous. Stay strong! Good luck! Peace!
I'm so sad... My drawing something app will not work for some reason!
Happy B-day To my gurl <U+2665> Have a bieberlicious Party 2nite <U+2665> Love ya
hahahahaha shutup spencer. get some self confidence
*tickle RT : I love when people play with my back. :)
We'd talk about the Cowboys.
Darkness indeed.
Thanks , we will follow up with a letters segment. Would you mind emailing me your contact info? Jill Ryan
Basketball game
I watch the craziest stuff on youtube when Im bored!
no he did not
U crack me up! Like an egg opened with one hand! Rightside up, upsidown u smell like mr charlie brown! It really works! Try hydrololize!!!
I'm reminded how lucky I am often. I act deaf and blind to it at times. Then the right people open my eyes and ears thankfully.
Good lookin out Tee “: Really excited about the show I'm hosting w the MSPCC. Everythng is coming 2gthr & every1 is confirming."
#SKCChat oh ouch. I forgot Roger won't be in. Oy!!!!!
Ambushed! The photographer just popped in. Never a good sign when you have to put the red wine down to be immortalized on film.
Only drinking coffee in England at the moment! Will keep you posted. Thanks for the "?!"
Fuck my life
Yes! ...in costume?
I think he is, and I think he was. jk I really don't know actually.
Well this is a worthless practice
#FF because we get together and talk about fun sh*t
great weekend in Minneapolis! glad I got to hang with some great dudes
Would you mind testing my site out before I publish it?
That awkward moment when my ex-girlfriend texted me asking why we aren't Facebook friends anymore.
Aw I tell my nephew not to break girls hearts and he asks why I said cuz someone broke my heart and he says oh well he's evil lol<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
wants 's picture of that is in the pack of pictures I got her haha
Tweet o'the day, LOL RT : Iowa fans about to storm the court at Ohio State.
I should learn to be thankful...but I was way over dressed for my walk home
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is and we will be discussing #socialmedia from a student perspective.
Some thoughts from the weekend sure to stir the pot: I thought was boring, and I thought the new MD unis are horrendous.
Pike Place Market = so much fruit, and so tasty! I love living in Seattle!
lol , hopefully i can be his friend from Miami (:
Stuck in traffic. Looks like I'll be fashionably late for 's wrap party:) fun fun fun
Because you like it in the bum?
Ur probably right - my point is not to waste time on improving faults but to celebrate strengths to drive team results...
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
I liKe weebly ;)
Tricky Ass Hoe's Texas......... -Female Inmate on Scared Straight Program-
Effective #patienteducation instructional design strategy radically different w/ children vs. elderly for same health issue;a cost challenge
I would also argue it isn't accurate. :)
Tweeting why there is racism doesn't make it ok. I doubt if you are Jewish, hating Israel's government is not very Jewish.
What up
Enjoying the expensive thrill of giving a cab driver bad directions in a neighborhood I don't know.
yep. Came back a couple of weeks ago.
Pour em up dirty sprite tell em that it's nuvo
Whoa. Did they really just cheer for "let em die"?! This is scary.
i liked zombieland
The first thing going on my new apartment wall is a sexy picture of my lady love
Live is good :)
I can't say how happy I would be to have Marc Bousquet on faculty. We at virginia should be so lucky.
I try to think of #autism as a different culture and many times things get lost in translation
Big derby game at home tonight vs FAU. Game is at 7 pm, we need everyone's support so you better be there! Let's go !!!
No problem. Hope you have fun!
(2/2)The answer is no. In 2004, Supreme Court held that Act of 1967 does not forbid discriminatory preference for the old over the young.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a guy to fuck her till she cant walk no more.
#FirstMovement: Follow the people!
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a blessed day! \m/(>.<)\m/ Mine is on Tuesday...woohoo. ;-)
At Mrs. Johnson's Donuts for the first time. Eating a donut for the first time in 2012. This is Brigadoon.
Times Online in the UK reporting that the Italian woman who missed the Air France flight that crashed was just killed in a car accident.
should follow -MB
Let's hear it for the great teachers. If you can read this, thank a teacher.
the other guys
Thanks to everyone who registered for the Mobile to the MAX Webinar today! Follow the discussion on Twitter
Hey my friend good to see you here
yup no prob <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> haha btw i have the same phone case as the one in your default picc <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Let's hope so. Kind of a shame for artists to not dictate what song the user hears first. No ability to feature singles
Tell a #Yankee fan that thanks to his team, there is still a color barrier in baseball, only now it’s green.
and have been looking for a natural cure for yeast infection
shank on TNT.. Classic
happy good friday all!
I tweet about not liking and 's paid tweets and both immediately follow back. Go figure.
It's the budz baby
Tell Congress to take a pay cut, play nice in the sand box and quit trying to cause panic to get thief own way. Grow up
#Why is it tht us girls 10x more drama than guys ever do???-_-
One Day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you... Right next to you.
I love this video!
I should be there... oops :)
I am proud fan and guys are the best
"Connect with everyone. If anything has worked well for us, it’s this principle. Be present at everything. Always take a quick...
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho
So excited for you to come over!!!
Holy crap Aziz was hilarious. So good.
Romney is nice courteous boy from a good fam the parents want their dau to marry. Gingrich is exciting, wild badboy the dau is in love with.
Thai Surin Province, big elephants, great food & super people E21 service today! Now 6 hrs back to Bangkok.
#FREEDELIVERY ends tomorrow! ORDER BY NOON TODAY to get your cupcakes delivered tomorrow!
Been there. RT : How many digital humanists does it take to get one laptop to project on an external display? Five. No joke. Five.
My problem is I like almost every one of them! Or, maybe that's not a problem. (g)
Girls Night Out July 18 5-8pm at Mad Mex Scott Towne Center. $20 tix for a margarita, chair massage, appetizers, polish change
call me I lost my phone..
Its been so damn long since we recorded all that I have no idea what to expect
if #fantastyfootball sux, try #BidFather and let us make you an offer you cant refuse! www.bidfather.com
....... All women are like that
I'm secretly ke$ha.
Charles Binder has not aged gracefully. I should have known the indiana jones hat covered one of the world's worst partial heads of hair
Great meeting yesterday with the board of directors in Marietta. All the members have their training manuals, corporate investment in progr…
I wish I still had my uniform. I'd wear it all the time. Those Han Solo utility pants were the best.
(holiday text cont'd) mentioning since I received group mothers day text at 7am. Reminds me of new years texts. Reconsider before sending.
The wise through excess of wisdom is made a fool. Ralph Waldo Emerson
": Instead of thinking outside the box, get rid of the box. #SpiritualSolutions" so true Thank you
...I'm going to see it next week, probably mid-week, and of course a full review will follow.
RT : Thanks for being in San Diego...Your customer service is the best! Thanks Claudine!
LOL “: Santorum announcing his running mate: a piece of shale. #miprimary”
RT : Q1) learning through multiple collaborative channels whether collaboration is implicit or explicit
Wow it does not feel like 8pm right now
oh shitttt lmao you probably did
paradiddle breakdowns around the kit. And left hand dominance. Please.
Great reading tonight at the Folger Library with Achy Obejas
It really doesn't matter,not one of them can beat Obama come November. I'm a Democrat and I wish there were.
I agree. I think Chekwa could be a contributor as a nickle back right away and possibly grow into starter.
last night>
Haha- yep. you have to turn that big rig around... RT : you're going the wrong way...
Aunt Gina isn't enjoying being childless and hungover for "Take your child to work" day.
YEH THE PART WHERE THE GUY GOES " WHOSE THAT?" sTILES:"THATS MY BROTHER... MIGULE" HAHA
LOL I love that movie! I dont have 6 fingers but my left thumb doesn't work and I am left handed :)
Today, I met someone whose nickname is "pocket ninja"
The Nobel Peace Prize medal depicts 3 naked men with their hands on each others shoulders.
#ThatOneFriend You fight with everyday and still love them no matter what!
Already following you ;)
Still intrigued, however. About any rumors, I mean.
#presidentialaddress doing it on your own is absolutely the story of America. We succeed or fail based on our own merits not others
Awesome teaching reviews from last semester's students certainly puts an extra jump in my monday morning step. Good to feel appreciated. ^_^
I am excite :)
the yellow one I have only the shower gel in stock, this one is discontinued and very hard to find, but if you want I can get it.
I'm in, let me know if I can help!
Lawyers from for the #Homeless are here helping clients with legal issues. Awesome #service, thanks again guys!
omfg i love aiden so much
So much for an early nite
probably since she was arrested on
+100MM RT : Glad u did Jeannette!! I meant it!
Thanks for the RT!
You're so funny lmfaooo(:
This four-star hotel will "redo our downtown effectively," developer E.Neal Arthur tells city council in El Cajon
There's this picture called jewlery from the 1940s n it looks really pretty its from some dude name Don eddy
all the new jordans sold out on black friday
good atleast Im not that disappointed
Leonardo DiCaprio is starring in his upcoming movie The Great Gatsby. I'M DYING RIGHT NOW We have to go see it together!
Hate IHUB!! Wish there was anything comparable.. In jail after I pay my subscription, with no warning, and no idea why!! Better follow me!
$2 tall boys of Shlitz EVERY day ALL day.
That's great to have the tasting done. For most that's the difficult part! I'm sure you'll get through the rest Congratulations!
Is Paul's announcement today to get booing fans & son's gaffe out of the news?
#JamalCrawford out in #Atlanta? If so Crawford's top teams are #Nets and #Knicks due to familiarity of NY. #Bulls expected to make offer.
Good ad.
not in the eye.
OR NOT HAHA
Came to the library to get hw done.. Took over a computer and hooked my Mac up to the monitor, kb, and mouse.
- Two years running I have forgoten about #30u30 till too late. Adding reminder to my outlook calendar now.
CHILLING WITH MY BOO
All I ask for is an opportunity and I will turn it into our profit
Check out page 33 of Think Bigger Business magazine's January issue. I wrote an article on Designing with Type -- for the non-designer.
Pico Blvd, had lapse from reality, I envisioned strapping C4 to the front of the car and ramming the idiot in front. Thanks
I think girls know a lot about geometry since they always find good angles to make their profile pics look pretty
*waves back* Hello!
Santi's first bad word: Shit! All thanks to tia Nena!!! (SORRY <U+E40D> )
The winner of a CE t-shirt is !
Today is a day for rocking out to sappy love songs.
Had a dream to the T in regards to name and recipe of a drink without even knowing of it.
Guess I should go to sleep we got that dumb test 2morrow ISTEP
Why do we set such high standards for people when we know the one true love is always going to be the exception? :-?
couldn't agree more!
DDDDAAAAAMMMMNNNNNNN CLIPS IS BITCHSLAPING THE FUCK OUTTA THE SPURS!!!!
EightysWorld2 one of the greatest video ComingSoon!
Awe man I forgot my eye shawdow. Thank GOD for
she said alot of stuff about not liking JB but then she lied&claimed that she never said that,there r pics of what she sed
Oklahoma City makes 22 of 23 free throws including 14 of 15 from Durant to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves by 2 points
I thought she was going with you ..
Ty! <3 congrats Emma and Trevor!
about to lay it down for the night
Yo , I'm at a cafe in BK engaged in a dialogue and debate about your article with a bunch of random folks. Kinda surreal...
I am being recognized! Woman told me I was her favorite on Russian Dolls.
I usually hear that Zendaya and I look alike :)
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
RT : How to present digital scholarship for promotion & tenure, a rpt fr #mla12 in bit.ly/w7kzHV
Stop stressing or worrying about something you cannot solve. Take it to God in prayer. Let God handle it for you.
Parking ticket, stitches removed, didn't get the internship I wanted. Oy. And I was in such good spirits when I went to sleep last night.
read about this today...best of luck brotha!
Playing with the JECO Intercollegiate Jazz Ensemble at the Hyatt Regency in Columbus. 9:30 pm! Come hang
So, if anyone needs a bomb shot, you just need to siphon one from my viens.
Thanks for following! It was such a pleasure meeting you at #factorcon Looking forward to connecting again soon.
"Animals are under our skins, those animals deep within, those animals scampering about cause there ain't nothing to try to stop them baby."
Happy Birthday !
yes!! Instead of rapping I can very slowly sing!(:
You watching the game?
favorite show to date?
Everyone give a BIG Shoutout !
Welcome to the Collection
yeah, I know. I use idealist to find some pro bono work. Maybe it'll work for u too.
You are more then welcome, Hope you have a great one
lol, Should have been. up at 3 am due to "nightmares that all the bad guys got out of jail. I couldn't beat them all"
True RT 9 out of 10 women throw like a girl.
General Platt's doing well. He knew Kwanza's dad during the civil rights movement and stops by every so often to say hey.
Attention DC sports/clothing retailers: The Nationals are actually good this year. You should stock fitted hats. , looking at you
I feel like I should like Silversun Pickups based on the music they play, but I just don't. Find myself bored after a couple songs.
Going to get mom-mom from the airport. Last time she saw me I had just graduated from highschool!
Hey its Hump Somebody Day! No better way 2 celebrate than 2night 4 our #INTERMIXWEDS! Who knows, u may actually get 2 hump somebody!
Honey Badger fears no man!
Unless you're like Robert or Nessuh then I don't care haha. & some other exemptions.
“: Two networks have passed on another Palin reality show focused on Sarah hubby Todd." Sweet Jesus Praise the Lord! AMEN!
i want subway right now. RT if you do too. (: -Kayla
what u need on the graphic tip ?
“: Just realized the initials of OSU's new coach are UM. Anyway, he will do great things in Columbus.”. And then run in 2 yrs
haha yeah la is alright I know I know.
"Le" yeah I think
I am currently listening to Jonas brothers. And not a single fuck is being given.
Watching make it or break it with my sister
“: why enjoy nature when you can see it on the Internet...“ I once saw a picture of the grand canyon online, gorgeous
If you come and rock the hell out there may be a cookie in your future...
CleanMy Mac Is a great app! We have been using it for about 2 years. That and Onyx is all you need.
My Grandma Talks To Ketchup Bottles.
Life is worth living
I do believe that zombies will over come the world soon
That sounds right!
If I offend you I'm sorry, but I really don't give a fuck
The price of a McDonalds Hamburger in 1955 was $.15
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. -German Proverb
yes! Decided I wasn't ready to get rid of the keyboard. Fun stuff!
After games all I wanna do is sleep
ugh he HAD to text me!!!
Have fun making more music. :)
Yes, I would be sad to leave my neighborhood. Can't believe I've been here 9 yrs. in July!
thanks for sending me that. And a belated congrats!
I'm liking this song.
I'm not actually drinking Hennessy!
Can school never happen? Like worldwide they should abort all further education.
come back to dc Justine!
Can't wait to hang in Nashville this week with for Country Radio Seminar!!
Its so hott in my room...that's the one reason I don't like hot weaher.my bro had asma so he doesn't have a fan..then he moved out and now..
Good to be home surrounded by loved ones in LA!
Their is a certain look on my sons face when he gets upset.. No matter what he has done, I have to hug and confort him..
C'mon, those are some legit hipster creds right there. Give them a listen and let me know.
And lucky me Subway is right next door.
Team USA has the areal advantage cuz their taller than the Japanese team.
Ugh. What a fun day.
They are boring as usual! Yawn!
“: im gonna make u stay over night. Not gonna bail u out right away”/Pffffffffffffft.
okay I GOTTA go to sleep.
you're right ... My apologies. I just got a little caught up in the hype.
Chillin Wit my Best Friend Gabe
People need to stop betting on my horse Gemologist.
will you be in the burg over thanksgiving?
I don't remember!
It's only Tuesday of Spring Break, pace yourself. A week left to rage.
pepperoni is a vegetable. rule: if you can't identify the animal, then it's not meat.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she RTs all her compliments.
I can't believe that just happened.. Can't stop crying. I can't wait to just leave my mom.
I doubt it. Americans are price sensitive when it comes to energy prices and removing nuclear from the mix will drive up prices.
S2: Too much focus “beating competition” is an obstacle to business growth. Agree/Disagree/Why?
I miss you whose gonna drive me to classes and take the elevator with me and bring me food?! I'm lazy
I picture them all on the stage in the Christmas special while Charlie Brown is trying to get their attention
Better still - I like it. They did feel a bit orphaned out there.
Thank you SO much! You seriously just made my day!
Let ME be clear, Obama's war on terror policies are virtually identical to those of George W. Bush. Bin Laden is dead. I report, you decide.
ha ha lol it was nice huh :)
yay its supposed to be sunny the day of prom. 68 degrees and 0% chance of rain <3
Falling in love is all bittersweet.
Watching Due Date with my love. Night
First Tuesday of every month, the next one is February 7th, 6pm-7:30pm
don't talk the talk if you cant walk the walk. . . is that a real saying or did I just make this up???
Thank you AT&T man for coming to my house and breaking the Internet so I can to full advantage of today's sunshine!
"HUMAN" a dance theater work by Reggie Glass at ’s Movement Emporium. 7-8pm. Mention DITA for half price tix.
RT I think it should be against the law to talk down on someone if u don't have nothing going on in Yo life
I'm at The Wormhole. It's like I climbed into a mashup of my favorite 80s movies. The only thing it needs is that bone piano from Goonies.
I saw a license plate yesterday that said "I Miss New York", so i smashed their window and stole their radio
This is Korean BBQ weather! Dust off your sandals and join us tonight for our amazing variations and some darn good company too!
“: #Scorpio and #Pisces … Flame and Oil. That's all I'm gonna say.” yep... Me and my mom
Entertain me, world. Now!
STFU Tea Party blow hard. Newt is unelectable.
: when's the next event? with was EVERYTHING!
Thank you for the sweet tweet! When are you going to come in here so our marketing girl can meet you in person!?
Thanks for spreading the word and getting your community involved in !
On my way to Dallas again for few days..
Occupy broadway - skater rally
Congrats on the #1 on Uvumi.com
Super excited for it! What a great week. RT : can't wait to go on stage
Happy or Sad, Mitt Romney #CPAC12 wins straw poll with 38% of votes?
WCCO Sources confirm: Donovan #McNabb has been released. Tune in today at 5 for more.
Lady jogging in the neighborhood thought I was looking at her boobs. HAHAHA! Bitch please!
5:30 am gym was a great way to start the day
It only takes only one person to change your life - you. Ruth Casey
Band rehearsal...yayyy!!!!
Searching for your love. <U+2661>
Da bears takin it to Detroit. Don't get devon hester a Christmas gift. He will just return it
Diplomatic Immunity?
aw was it a good flick?
Girls who have big lips ^.^
So I'm still thinking should I post these two pics of u standing on the bus stop yesterday on rising Sun ave & Martin mills
I got my hug
haha I know right but teachers were saying it might be sat the UNM gym I was like good luck with that
2nite inside #GBar $2 u call it at the bar...see u tonight!!!
Coach letting and myself spit colt45 on the van>>>
Working in the best beer hall meets euro club mix ever for the Midway benefit Friday.
alright now that's a big improvement from the last one!
Those I did play back in the day. AC still works I think. Syndicate only through nostalgia.
Let's play a game. How long does it take for one of the eighth graders to spill something.
hold up....they say Obama was downtown shopping at Walter's #RNS lol
ive never seen a team with 0 pts win anything lol... Its ok corbin.. Im a colts fan... Life is hard with peyton
i dont recall those middle school days
Some days are just so shitty...
#AvengersAssemble. Avengers kicked ass, congrats to #marvel, #joshwhedon and everyone associated with the film. It is a true masterpiece.
I really have a problem of thinking to far ahead
(never mind)
Lol yall niggas make me laugh wit all tha Tall Chic slander, all of us ain't outchea built up like Shrek
Also: Biking outside is WAAY harder than biking on an indoor trainer. Oh, & cold wind does NOT make for an easy ride. Outside MileageYTD: 3.
Pushing back now! Can't wait to see you in SF.
Uhh.. Please don't..
All I do is
Don't forget, we play next Thurs at Six Flags Over Texas; Good Times Stage 6-9 :)
Light Table still seems to me to just be reinventing a lot of Visual Age
And that's it. I'm home.
Having my Hunter Hayes and Taylor Swift playlisttts playing all night<3
(Positive Thought) " Do not settle for less this year, You are the best and deserve the best. "~~~Happy New Year To All:)
I think NYC does that to everybody. It's one of my favorite places to visit! Have fun! :)
Rolling Rock...Domino's wings...Time to reconnect with America.
that shouldnt stop you from trying. & with you, seldom does. But I'm just giving you a hard time; my drawing skills are lacking
The upside of teeth whitening is considerable. A great smile can lead to more happy encounters and more sales if you're in business.
good day all!!
you don't even know the half of it, yo. RT you are #wild ===> Love it!
Look for us tonight on Walnut between 6th and 7th Street.
Where are the Dec 2011 bills?
Japanese hair >>
“At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.” ~Jean Houston
Yep! I love when idiocy self-destructs. It's actually my favorite.
I need a drink.
Obama has to stop with the outsourcing bashing. Very short-sighted.
WE HAVE TO!! WE'D BE LOSERS NOT TO!
Love when she says that in the movie.
Two is always better than one... Lmao
you guys have had a busy week!
GB: act right... RT Our D is bad.
Because it's just easier. =) I better not have bronchitis! I get that like twice a year!
FOLLOWED HIM :) follow me back?<3 :)
Thanks so much for spreading awareness.
Exoplanet-Consuming White Dwarf Stars Discovered - RedOrbit
what for?
Not black-hearted, just flawed. :D Couldn't help but feel for K even as he made bad choices. That takes talent! Thx for that.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. ~ Plato
Im Your Worst Cowgirl Nightmare ;) ahahha
Hey man congrats on the new HC position!
tywebb75: Facing a challenge to describe benefits of membership in SLA in 500 words or less for a chapter bulletin. So much to talk abou ...
hi baby girl(: i love you too!
Well they might be able to swing a couple that we wouldn't notice with the unending line of characters...
Kris Krow guest performing tonight! Stop in and enjoy the sweet sweet tunes! $5 kettle 1 drinks!
From now on, when I'm mad I'm calling you a Pollywanker. Just something I came up with
If you are looking for authors to follow:
As you know, there are over 200 art galleries around the Chelsea. We will post some exhibitions with photos from now on.
absolutely - eliminated it in September & totally changed my health / life. Skin, hair, weight, digestion; amazeballs.
I will have to try harder the next time (not to behave), now that I have permission to reassume my normal more colorful parlence!
Children: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shut-up
Some guy's nose is bleeding. He tried to out-dougie me. He has since left the floor.
what happened?!
flexibility training decreases the occurrences of muscle imbalances, joint dysfunctions, and overuse injuries
me to man ! You barley recognized me lol :)
Lol! Must be for her! I need to finish Lauren's dress. Next step involves getting out the ironing board. Too much effort.
Great job today on your exams. Masterful work.
Because it is ultimately based in fear. I don't believe that is a good leadership trait.
Trying to find the song to sooth the feelings
where is my hoodie!!
Writing a a paper or nap? I vote nap
I drink to make other people interesting. -George Jean Nathan
There's no absolute? You absolutely sure about that?
RIP Prizm. 1999-2011. You were a good and faithful servant.
Everyday is 4/20 if you really do this shit!
Watching Crash!
Man my son fitted sheet is always off his bed what does this lil dude be doin whn he sleep. SMH
Seeing the sun rise. Just got off and ready to sleep
Oh Lord. Being a celebrity IS exhausting. My <U+2764> goes out to all Kardashians. Good night.
Out here Grindin hard err day man. Dnt shit come easy...
MM..more later..
RT : writing the perfect tweet is like writing a haiku.
“: Mississippi Missing A Lot! RT : we're in Mississippi... We don't have abercrombie & fitch”>>even Idaho has one
Thank you for the follow.
Some shit in the works all imma do is keep grindin an wait lol
Celebrating the anniversary of the end of prohibition with boozy tea party. Holiday Pooh Bear attended. Holiday Piglet cant hold his liquor.
having the money to wash your clothes
I doubt any1 will convince me that global warming is not real. May 14, & 101 on my patio in Las #Vegas. The long hot summer begins early
Have You Ever Realized That In “Other” Parts Of The Country…Where “You” Live Is Considered “Other” Parts Of The Country?
RT if you hate liars. >:/
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement.
To guess or not to guess: Guess if you have extra time or can eliminate one or more answer choice. Guess hard words for hard problems, etc.
Tim Tebow PLEASE PICK JETS, REPRESENT NEW YORK!
Aw Tom and Lynette got back together<3 FINALLY !
Hi Alex, we are coming to NYC next month, if only able to do Darby OR Butter - which should we visit?
w/ V-Jax and Tolbert gone and Gates often injured. who is Rivers going to lean on?
Has anything u done made your life better.
your shows are the best when you commentate! Speak to us you funny motherfucker!!!!!
Therefor, I have to try and help people. Even if that person is my worst enemy.
All I see is a bunch of squares lol
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
I got a hand written letter in the mail from Alison today, she is an absolute sweetheart!! =)) And she also LOVES my name...twinsies! =D
Everythin happens for a reason everythin has a purpose.Whats my purpose?been tryin 2 figure that out my whole life.been hearin voices 3 yrs.
alright, turns out we have plans for Saturday. So, Sunday?
Just wrapped up a lovely engagement session on this beautiful Saturday afternoon. Now off to finish up my last minute Mother's Day shopping.
Took a four hour nap.. And I'm pretty sure I could go to sleep right and sleep all the way until tomorrow..
Menino talking to kids scarier than threat to Catholic Charities for stealing staffed.
ha lol yeah thia is true
sweet! Live it up! :o)
Feeling the company newsletter. Keep on trucking, please.
I'm very glad to hear that.
Come on in & warm up with us. Dbl Punch drink of the day is our delicious Caramel Mocha!
please follow
i am so going outside to skateborad
Nothing recedes like success. -Walter Winchell
Ah! 100 followers:D thanks so much guys(: I'm gonna try follow back all of you when I get the computer! I'm doing as much on my phone(:
Am I the only one that every email from my parents starts with FW?
Tried to think of something pithy to tweet about on my way home.... #fail. But loved tonight! :)
If theres nonthing you could do about it, and u feel helpless just PRAY
Start a constitutional civil war and piss off every judge in the land...not a great way for Obama to start reelection campaign.
RT : #musesocial What have you found worked to balance virtual/physical experiences?
I need to see if we have any recordings or other material about Col. James Pattee & the Old Soldiers Fiddlers at CPM.
In time, grasshopper MT Can I be levitated in an anti-gravity machine?
guess just went live? our new interactive website gbwvision.com !
Tom Jones + Nick Cave = Dex Romweber
if you need tax help give me a call 415-225-1648 or email
How many elderly choke to death annually on Werther's Original candies?
Having nothing, nothing can he lose. William Shakespeare
i take it u do sum pretty ugly things huh.....jus sayin lol
Am I the only person who has enough copies of Scrabble to tile their entire bathroom?
I'm next! I only have one cat to eat my face after it gets hungry though.
National Lampoon's Animal Jam
Hear TFC KOs happen when the train pulls in, and takes a bit for fans to reach BMO. Plus car traffic. Adjust KO times, TFC.
~ You're such a teacher of faith & witness for Christ. Wen it cms to ur own faith & belief in yourself you're project disbelief
It's so lonely 'round the fields of Athenry...
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS FOR 52 STATES, HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
For science!
Did you get your tix?
Looks like I'm going to West Seattle for #RSD12 at 7am. Sleeping in the car tonight. haha
today better go well -,-
The Tackle Shop at Goose Pond Scottsboro Al. is now open. Jamie Shay opened the shop last week. Full line Jethro Dealer! Welcome Goose Pond
VOTE FOR MEGAN AND LIZ'S RING POP FLAVOR!!!
6c7c to Ah5h on 4h5x10h with lots of dead $$ in pot, he hold and is likely chipleader.
": Each one of us has a hole in our heart we choose to fill with drugs, parties, a commited partners love, or God."
Is bored.
God mornong <U+E056> have to go to the orthodontist so i get to go to school late this morning <U+E415> yaaay lol. hope u have a good day
#Rio fans: we have a great story coming up on the news at 10 pm. Will make you jealous. It's after 1st commercial break.
Yeah, it's awesome. We had an internal design challenge for a new symbol. Created by
Thanks for the RT!
did you see Neenah is raising it's base pay for new teachers by $6,000 a year?
New video blog post: How to write an article part 1: Research.
They're great!!!
2011 The Crossings Sauv Blanc from New Zealand, light crisp acidity & lots of tropical fruits. Wonderful find. A must try for #wine lovers.
Don’t buy items which are tagged as store specials unless they’re things you always use.
Love that vintage #Valentine feel? You'll need to order 2006 California Zinfandel Old School by 2/10. A rare library wine!
oh, I see...I have lots of down time right now, so I can update more... glad your doing well. We need to talk more. =) <3
YOU'LL NEVER GUESS WHAT HAPPENED AT MY CONFIRMATION TODAY.
So Laura Fitton and Dan Zarella are on the same team? That is powerful!
Today I gained a clear understanding of my personal finances. Never again, my friends. Never again.
I beg to differ
36% (40 million) of kids 3 through 19 are exposed to secondhand smoke in the US.
why thank you!
I'm down
you ok?
sure... I got like 8 stiches in it... Itll be fine:/
I think we are going to end up just driving down. I'm not sure the timing of the shuttle will work for us. See you there!
Cool -- I didn't know you were back here, obviously. :-) I already have plans tonight -- but let's make some other time soon
"YOU SERPENT WOMAN!" - Johnny Mangue 's recent "Burst The Bubble" show, which you NEED to see when it drops.
White Jeep.
Did You all have a good Valentine's Day?
haha not yet but I might be when I have to go chase them down for work
All this cleaning really sucks.
There is superstition. Another good one on #TheVoice. must have my playlist.
Did just wish happy birthday by telling Mark his first live shot was at the parting of the the Red Sea? Bahaha.
A woman looks beautiful without makeup then with it
Not ashamed to admit: writing a book is a lot more fun when that first half of the advance arrives.
Needs to get those tattoos tightened up. Getting faded on his old ass. I'd roll him.“: MIKE BIBBY!! AKA THE GREAT WHITE HOPE!!!”
Karl-Heinz Oehler @ Hertz on Analytics: "Analytics itself is just a means of getting somewhere, what I focus on is impact."
VERY TRUE
I still can't skate very well LOL I'll stick with walking!
We can return #VA to small government and sane spending but only with a #GOP Majority. Help us reach that by voting for Bill Nov 8
White pants are in
Ill make everyday feel like valentines day and sweetest day for you!!!!! Lol
Thank you, LaDonna! The flagship location is looking better each day! We can't wait until the grand opening!
"Housing is a human right." Exec Director, Mikkel Beckmen
RT : "Making LOVE to an author consists of: READING THEIR WORK, REVIEWING THEIR WORK~ THEN PASSING IT ALONG TO ANYBODY WHO...
hi! i'm doing great!
#FF the newest followers
I love Dogs always did and always will :)
Coppola sues restaurant over 'Tavola' name Francis Ford Coppola is suing the Tavola Italian Kitchen restaurant in Novato, California for
hey baby are you an overdue library book, cuz you have fine written all over you. ;) bahaahahah
": we fell in love in a hopeless place..." We FOUND love in a hopeless place
#itsabaddaywhen u forget deodorant.
Long late night walks with brenden. Decided to adventure, almost got lost
exactly 2 days tills the R5 concert im going to starts! :)
thank you for helping me get started getting people started...more on that later today
ok, thx to I'm now obsessed with learning how to write code
RT “: ninja fight top of the house...20 mins.”- you have overplayed your hand good sir. Cue TMNT music.
have fun in Santa Monica!
just ate my first gizzard. tasty.
Decisions, decisions, decisions
My moms birthday is on june i wanna do something SUPER special for her just because i love her so damn much, i need ideas thoe.
No regrets!!
I've just discovered that I have some fingering weight yarn. Didn't realize #3 thread was considered this. Cool. Now to get more for a top.
Wow, Joan Jett is playing our local fair in August. Um YES! I will be going. Sure beats terrible local yokel country bands.
are going to be really good in a couple years nice effort tonite
agreed. "web" is a far better phrasing than circle
yea lil bit
my first thought is that you should just put on a movie for her. Lol and that's why I don't have kids.
Attention: first tweet has been issued. RT : enjoyed the Kenyan "Black" from Coffee Roaster "X" this morning!
loving #bartonsprings right now!!!
Aspidistrafly's music turned my train ride into some kinda enchanted journey.
No we wern't!
Misa want hot chocolate... no hot chocolate in house. :(
enjoying a nice little chat with frank at the continental breakfast this morning while doing my laundry....i'm turning into my grandfather..
Halloween hangover
#DREAMBIG is what people say when there's already came true.
did she get strange looks from people to
Force India said they don't want to leave after dark. Who knows maybe they are running on low fuel...
Still catching up with my movie watching after being out of the country in early January. Just saw the Wrestler - another fine effort !
cleaning up right now
Stay in touch Kathy!!
Nothing like two days of kanada to make you miss nielsen, the shittiest math teacher of them all. Two days and everything is fubar
Right, but only because he failed to use him against the lefty, earlier. Francisco should've been available.
send me some shit...and let figure out how to get you out here
I know your excited
I've got an open mind on the whole thing and will be interested to see where it goes. . .
Note to self, crazy transients don't like ppl who run for exercise at night.. lucky for me I was wearing my anti-stabb wristband haha
Had a great couple of days on "Awake" and am so excited to be working the "Nick Kroll Show" tomorrow. Yay comedy!
stop tweet watchin
Why did I cut my own hair tonight?
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
You got it buddy, I'll definitely get started on that.
hey Kevin thanks for a great night!! Wink wink
2nd vote for
Menard could race that in PHX and still have time to stop for tea ... or Budweiser!
Giveaways coming up at 3:42, 4:01, & 4:07pm w/ for everything form dinner to Idols Live tix to your chance at a trip to Miami!!
hey thanks kaylee! you are awesome for checkin us out!!!!! keep in touch
so did my sister LOL and i think it was with the french horn kid
“: Okay You guys out did yourselves last night. Great season finale! Can't WAIT for next year!” I so agree!
thanks for the #FF!
#CompleteFuckery *I can't* :(
Nick stahl is missing? I used to have a crush on him in everything he was in.(i.e terminator 3, disturbing behavior) days. Hope he's ok:/
That's great. Just too bad I can't get any hard copies.
I've had DirecTV for far too long. Can't wait to cancel - Awful service.
Stoked! About to go pick up our limited edition order of "Don't tag me, bro" t-shirts!
<Hubby is listening to Memoirs Between Brothers while I am cooking...He luvs it..Thx! :-) Happy Turkey Day
"Incredible! And the woofer will absolutely rattle your teeth. I love that." Pastor G with his new Nexo speaker system.
Thank you!!!!<3
Is Everth going to be a big leaguer again or is he career A?
thats a thing?
Jet propelled.
Wow what a read by the VT DB. Damn damn damn
I legitimately miss my parents a lot.
hi beautiful! how are you doing. I think you guys should make a shake it up movie! I would love that. :)
I've never needed to be impressed by someone's talent more than I wanted to be entertained. Who care how GOOD someone is - if they're dull?
She told my girl that I gave her the best head she had ever had in her life
i feel so totally disconnected from parsons ever since I graduated. LOL not too good
hate my skin! club handstamps take FOREVER to scrub off....looks like ill have to wear this guitar on my hand frm the Roxy today......
so excited to have you here:)
Welcome to America, 2012.
good post!
we're looking at highs possibly in the 60's today here in Chicago!
Yes, unfollowed because unfortunately, you didn't follow back. Will be happy to follow again, you start first :)
“: Just got out of the shower and my hands still smell like hot wieners” gross
I think the rich business should be taxed less, so they can hire more people.
moving to the Gateway. Aug 1st....:)
Love that ! That is actually one of the myth's I'm exposing! Thanks for sharing!
Redheads unfortunately aren't loved like blondes in the US. I have plenty of offers to shoot in Paris, the US, eh
Supposed to be cleaning... But I honestly dont give a crap
Have u seen the new music video....hott hott hott guys!! You must check it out!!!!
Be apart of the movement then lol
Laws control the lesser person. Right conduct controls the greater one. –Chinese proverb
hi can I bag u
lol u like scared me !
Seen my nigga Bubba, he gon say "Damn Dej I didnt even know it was u lookin sexy af" lol and I look a damn mess
#RegionalFinals already! Drink some $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups to forget about your bracket if it was dead wrong.
You need not touch your toes to be a Yogi... If you practice a scientific technique for Self Liberation/Enlightenment, then you ARE a Yogi
Be open to the here and now so you can see the splendor all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Just watched the #muppets ...... Funny as hell..... Clean, Classic Movie.. Take your kid, lil bro, sis, niece, nephew, whatever..good movie
Congrats to A 1 Hearing and Aid Centers - Torch Award Winner in 1-4 employees category!
Have you ever started writing a simple book review and ended up with a comparative analysis?
I got dead nation its a meh then i got castle crasher and OMG its so good couldn't put it down love the games that catch u off guard :)
ive been rediscovering myself and I almost forgot how liberating and rejuvenating it is to just run. lacin up my shoes right now
Perhaps it's one of those cosmic ironies that Christopher #Hitchens and the #Iraq war both came to an end on the same day.
OK!!! OMG I SERIOUSLY NEED TO CHILL OMG.. =P OMGG ok ok.. ok... omg =")
Happy Thursday 7!
is such a strong amazing woman! She is such a great role model.
Work.then off to Bible Study :)
Apparently someone will die in every single show CBS airs this week
you will LOVE THE TOUR I ENJOYED IT :)
Redmond one doesn't open till Fri!! You going?!? :)
Oh. Well where are you going?
Like to have features: itinerary, map, exp report, preference booking in calendar as part of your #travel solution? Talk to us!
At #AMA event hearing from discuss content marketing.
Just woke up
No i thought it was funny
Made my morning bday cake jam on .....
see: I'm a seer of all things good including wok and chicken cooking!!
These ppl asking for too much already
July 31st <U+263A> “: gorgeous!!! Like the quote.. when is your birthday? #TeamLeo”
Let your smile change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
": Your dignity always comes first. Always."not unless we fucking ladies imma dirty talk & disrespect ya in the bed lol
haha sorry for the late response and yea me neither :P lol
:O omg i didnt knew sorry and ur here? in htown?
smores love these sweet little things :)
now following
I guess so! Did Chris tell you I want to babysit?!
Thanks, AP. Was talking to about you last night.
wooah what's all this talk about having a new song about the McGina? I always assumed he was gay.
2X": I swear I hate his black ugly ass then I love him then I hate him again."
ah looked like Griff's, but I thought they were Tuesday. looked yummy.
then you should learn not to threaten.
I like when she leaves and she and maid nod, carefully.
Purging day! Can't believe what is under the beds...the Leprachaun surely is not in this house!
Tell us about your tattoo cover-up epic fails (or ones you've heard of)!
Gospel Music
Check out exerpts from my newest video "Breakthrough" at the X Magazine launch party: Art Basel Miami Dec. 3
Science class.. Yay.(:
Thank you!
Love the LA rain! Too bad it will take an hour to drive anywhere. A man in front of me slowed down for sprinklers yesterday.
you use your front teeth to pull the soft flesh off the leaf. Sorry that I somehow missed your tweet
I watched a video on Diamonda Galas last night for the first time and it blew me away. Henry Rollins is educating me musically.
private forum HD AIRSOFT BATTLE ACTION SCOTLAND 2010 :P
I agree boo, then skin em" real good and throw em' in the fryin pan!
Let's go Lehigh!
It's nothing new ;)
did you know that Dumas was one of the 1st to crowd-source? He managed/edited a whole crew of writers producing his materials.
i can't believe you were in the person of interest video! :)
You know, I've noticed that no matter how bad people's lives are at one point. Happiness always comes back for them.
Musical Mondays at Martinis Above Fourth with "the girls"
Will the NFL go easy on the Saints because of the lingering effects of Katrina?
Do you have any questions regarding Bankruptcy, Probate, Credit Repair, Estate Planning? I am here at your service!
I have the game he went from being rated 53 2 weeks ago to 76 yesterday
#LasVegas wishing you a huge friendly turnout at your #CashMob today! All the best.
thanks for the RT, Sarah
Merry Christmas from Milwaukee, big sis.
A ton of media ruled out Shabazz to UCLA cuz of "Howland" issue.kinda stupid/he can still form the most prolific backcourt in a while, there
hope you had a great bday weekend! Glad we could share it with you!
SMOKE GOOD, FUCK BETTER, COUNT MONEY, WHAT'S BETTER ? ;))
Disagree-Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce episode was chalkful of excitement. Plus Mad Men isnt about "excitement"
Blogger??? Always use Permalinks: A permalink is the link to an individual blog post. Sends peeps to other areas besides your home page....
Try and cut out as many empty calories that you can from your diet. Struggling with weight loss and simple things can change your life.
Dodgers already down 2-0 come on guys
I want you to know, I read you're book "LEAP" twice during some very trying. astonishing results to my business. Great book.
How am I supposed to get a Christmas tree in 75 degree weather
Ah crud. After a month or two of relatively good sleep, my #insomnia is back.
OOps. I was wrong.
I have to work late like always I never get a brake
you sir are my hero
GO TIGERS tonight over the Edina Hornets!!
what up shun? How you like twitter? I can't figure out how to approve you.. I have to get on a PC..
Who will be my 100th follower?
First I heard of this other baseball player with my name & position was on sportscenter. He hit a walk off and I had gone 0-4 night before
If it's not save of the week, there's something wrong... Very wrong...
I may bring the road bike then. It will make me ride harder to keep up.
Just learned A Lesson Never Learned by AA on guitar today. Sounds epic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
I don't understand what you are saying...what do you mean not on the site on my profile?
He spits and swears!
RT : The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Tagore (isn't this the truth!!!)
Up to early
Holiday Safety Tip: When possible, choose decorations made with flame-resistant, flame-retardant or non-combustible materials.
Otherwise twitter treats it as a reply and only shows it to people following both of you (or that has you both in a list)
Oh absolutely. You can play my itinerary
Just feel so sad and idk y #MadDowner :'(
I've been searching but a few people told me not yet.....so #android needs to hurry up lol
haha clearwater still lame
Loveable Rouges !! FTW!
Haven't had that much fun in such a long time
We send an invite to each audience member after the show to invite them to review the show on our website.
Try one of our Kimchi Bowl lunch specials!
Can cats see ghosts? That's what I want to know.
Pamcakes are my favorite.
gotta love her<3
you welcome :)
Elisabeth, please shut up.
Good things come to those who wait, GREAT things come to those that go out and chase their dreams!!!
I hate that freaking dog! Ate me brand new eos Chapstick
You rock Meghan!
I really can only count the people i trust on one hand...
Having Big boobs is a pain.
Looking forward to seeing Justin and going to Remedy tonight. Off to school first, though.
Read the report as I wrote extensively on cost vs benefit. Unfortunately the EPA does not do that analysis.
All the basic horn and bone plugs and hanging designs are on sale buy one get one half off, so come buy some Xmas presents for friends!
True that.
Put it in the air!
yeah!!! We're really good friends!! Nice song by the way! It's my favorite! :)
That's the only time when 8:15s are somewhat acceptable. If I have any control over it, my butt will not be in a classroom at 8:15
I agree Ted - Erstad has NU playing great ball, Nebraska won again today 11-4 vs La Tech
Na I feel like gettin my point across, one way or another
goodmorning world, have a beautiful friday
i just got sum yellow shyt but im bout 2 drink dis shyt ill get sum lata and bring it soon or lata!
lol I stay laced... Lookin like a Christmas tree lol
May I ask where you're filming first? :D
Wisconsin vs Mich St on Halloween Saturday will not be a night game. What a joke.
becoming desireless is enough
All dat fake shit Niggaz be Talking, Well solo I Go :-) BlacFritz-FrontLin3 u know where im @ :-) 2012shit
i just have on vinyl. if have mp3 please send
Yes! Many Fabulous Fashion Events in Chicago Coming Up! I'll be sure to email you them so we can meet up that way!(:
Bras everywhere.
Nah, you can't take points off the board. Once you've earned them, they stay there.
We're here in front of the Supreme Court at the health care rally!
I Wouldnt trade a life for a night....
I know, I'm so excited for the sequel!
If free voluntary reading is the way to go, how do we get kids to read? Give them pizza? Points? "Kiss the pig" promos? Krashen critiques...
droppin in to wish everyone a wonderful weekend. look forward to seeing you all soon. enjoy it s beautiful out...
To ensure harmony & compatibility, Visiting Angels San Jose leaves the choice of a caregiver to the senior to be cared for, or to the family
Happy Saint patricks day! Celebrate the week with one of our cakes!!!! Order today! www.happycakewilltravel.com
That frustrating moment when you're telling the truth but no-one believes you.
Exercise can be as fun as dancing with your kids. Try some of the new toddler tunes.
I hate class breaks I'd prefer to get stuff done earlier and break by myself when class is done
Now "Goo" on the other hand...
4:45 am and im going to work ah I want sleep
' I'm influenced by 74, that would be a negative 74 in my opinion, ha!
i kiss my phone everytime i open it because me wallpaper is of
To : That Someone idk if you have a twitter..or if you ever think of me..but stop trying to make me jealous -.-
My #fridayreads is #InTheGardenOfBeasts by Erik Larson. Total page-turner: Vivid, eerie, disturbing. Esp. great to meet author at BEA.
Thank you for making #gatornation proud once again and bringing your passion and enthusiasm to the "No Fun League"
Omg huge car wreck by the school
Dave still isnt following me.. that makes me
Just chose not to do my homework
Although the #Rangers team ERA is similar to last season (3.90/3.93) this year they've pitched 18 shutouts versus 7 in 2010.
Ay! Chihuahua Roll!! Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno. New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
Bouta rent out a different whipp
Maybe you need to show up in your purple face to the Mpls City Council meeting.
I park & ride from Crossroads, Cab it to and from park & ride.
Safely in Indy.
juss got home
I Mix EVERYTHING With Macoroni .
Bow chick wow wow
Yes, one of those options will become the #librotraficante Logo.
Lakers and rangers tonight!!! Good luck!!!!
I understand your opinion but what I'm sayin is true right
This is something that is on my mind ....
Captain America.
Eminem is so good looking omfg
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 4
Little interview with Raw Artist releasing October, Also a behind the scenes look into the world of art with apstudios
#RareHunterFact: Matt hates raisins. Shhsshh, don't tell him I've tell it to yall. ;)
Packing is less than fun. Packing in 2 hours is even worse. DC-bound tonight!
DAM NICKI AN NAS KISSING LIKE THAT
2NITE! Grand opening of ! Newest "Open Minded" Ladies Nite! 10pm! Just show this TWEET 2 get in 4 FREE! (til 11)
we need new TT's.
Argh. At inlaws and without my book. I thought I packed it!!
Choppin the hair
Mfs on my TL mad as hell today...
Still haven't rolled down #sheetz to grab them dogs 3 for 1$
Hey, twitter friends: which do you prefer: manager or coach & why?
Wow 7:30 p.m. Sat 10-15-2011 Unconfirmed estimates ranging as high as 50,000 people in Times Square.
Did you know? Adam Baldwin is NOT one of the Baldwin brothers!
exactly!!!!! And theres nothing to look it. You're just in the middle of nowhere for like an entire day!!!!
thanks for letting me help :D
“: The best thing about being in love is not having to shave your legs as much. #princessprobz” Oopsie... :)
Why are we in such a hurry to get to a nominee? There's going to a lot of change between now and convention.
do you not remember our wisconsin boys!?
I HATE when a MINI VAN passes ME.. BeatN Down The BLOCK #ItsLikeREALY#
I know I'm not the only one to say it, but when it's true, it's true. Sometimes life's rejection is God's protection.
good moroning lol what's that?
Are you graduating this Saturday? If so, come by this week and mention this post and get 10% off your total purchase!
Dismiss my last tweet. Why would anyone go see a cover band at all?
Mazel Tov! Congrats on the new gig.
yea but soon home work shall come to an end and you will finally be free
Ya me. I'm the greatest inventor in America but nobody seams to know me.
Hope all goes well.
Call us at 608-403-LAWN (5296) For your free lawn care estimate!
It is delicious but my eyes were bigger than my stomach. Must take some to go.
ANY BODY EVER EAT FRY COME?
4 years ago at st Vincent children's hospital indy ser
Fun day at the library. Patrons, projects, & printers (of the jammed variety). Learning my new Lead Student Worker position.
Welcome #CreativeLouisiana! We're happy to have you here.
RT I was going to go to Starbucks but I decided to have a milkshake with cocaine on it instead.
Please email me at to claim your free listing!
Thank you so much :] awesome eastern gift from ReachChallenge
Go South of the border at Hooligan's tonite, $3 for Coronas, Tecate, Pacifico beers! 2017 E North Ave
I wont be able to go on for a while and phones getting shut off so.... Idk no more bye guys
A Habit of Health: Having the flexibilty to recognize when change needs to happen and to adjust accordingly
Leave no Trace. Leave your FREE & temporary vending space better than you found it!
I Just Had To Test Something Out On Her =) Now I Have Another Point.
I got pictures if you give
Tonight $2 wells $3 beers and hot DJs all night! Oh and did I mention NO cover? <U+E414>
Amen to that.
Sounds like a good weekend to us! :)
Al's #1 Italian Beef, born in 1938, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
I got emotional for a second. I miss you :)
i didn't know it is lightning.. lol
A little late to the game, but FINALLY got my iPhone yesterday on St. Patty's Day! Luck of the Irish is on my side!
Go dj
boys comin in from school
"By the way, where IS Moosejaw? About 6 feet from the moose's butt!" I love Pat Foley as an announcer
Also, I don't much read the fiction but I hear about it from the kids at the roller rinks and hamburger sandwich stands.
RT : benefit to deliver meals to folks with terminal illness. Great night at #posto for a great cause
I'm with you on that! Same to you! Happy New Year! :-)
oh u deleted my number???
lucky #13 follow!
I didn't get lost. I just investigated alternative destinations.....
COME TO SOUTH CAROLINA.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often. ~ Mark Twain
that's honestly really true
excitement cannot be explained in under 140 characters.
So Happy you liked the sugarcane juice!
After purchasing my household items, I just got a check from Amway. Delivery: FREE. Satisfaction: PRICELESS
those texts that make your day <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
"I'd rather be a hammer than a nail." ~Paul Thorn
Use your Illusion
very lovely pic of u and your son!!!
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars.” MLK Jr
or maybe all GIS applications suck and even smart people can't figure it out quickly like other things they're used to...
i don't hate you. i just wouldn't mind if you got cooked to death due to you cooking your skin in that tanning booth everyday.
RT : Watched advance copy of America's Game: '10 Packers. May be best of series. Debuts 9p ET 9/7 on
i probably wouldn't either way 2 laid back 4 heels
Tampa and surrounding area models interested in being featured on #FLIPTV send your links and info to
don't let me twist your arm, lol
What is your favorite menu item?
congrats on 2nd consecutive top 10 recruiting class.. You're doing big things in Lexington... Go Cats!!
you will have to introduce to when she moves to Raleigh!
We restaurant just rocked the stage #cablegang in the building
You're crusty like the crusty crab
Now they need to stop. They in here being too extra with it.
just editing, enjoying your pictures... taking it easy :)
Where acion is not congruent with our message, there is no respect.
That's an interesting idea. Have you played around with it before?
it's easy- once you cut the toenails.
baby I just saw a hot pink champagne it was fly also had the chrome and pink shoes... o yea
I cant do that! I need it.
NTIA BTOP head Tony Wilhelm on the importance of #broadband and the importance of partnership to solve adoption gap
Going home early sick af!! Ugh! Hope I feel better tomorrow.
New tennis racquet!
The strawberry patch we planted for Sofia (a legendary berry-stealer) is coming in. So sad she won't enjoy it, but a lovely reminder of her.
Today: scratch cooking training and healthy recipes development with Bureau Valley School District's kitchen staff!
I miss you Tiffy it's a damn shame I haven't seen u since umes. Where they do that at
Time to go to the doctor to see what's up!
Got my new graduation present last !!!! Puff puff pass Brittany
it is but its also kinda sad bc Bella gets skinny and her face looks like someone drank all her blood
Keep up the good work. :-)
Was in court for sentencing of so-called Xbox sex abuser - Kretovich - but adjourned til next week. DA and atty discussing proper sentence..
Waking up early for school >>>
this is the worst advice Cara
Never stay in something if you're not happy... It'll eat you up inside.
I'm rooting for O'Brien to succeed at Penn St. How can you not? Cards completely stacked against him.
thx lady. Looking forward to hosting you soon. Feel better!
thanks for trying!!
Thank you (: Love you more .
Horrible accident on 395 by Ritters. Mororcycle jammed into the grill of a pickup. Crews cleaning up. Be careful!
I'm hungry too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
if you don't you might walk into the girls bathroom again :p
I DID MY JOB LOL :) 143
The chart doesn't determine your fate. You have total free will always. It describes the weather in your mind creating your reality
Did I miss something last year? I didn't think Sproles was a factor. Announcer's overplaying his true contribution.
Everybody lies #house #so true
huge car fire on the 405 north if you haven't gotten there yet.
Happy #ValentinesDay from everybody at Kravitz Dental!!
I admire your ability to do that. My attempts at it have not yet been successful.
3rd place trivia win with Mikesell and Carly!
about time. Didn't I set you up for that a week and a half ago?
Email me if you have any questions about it! Gotta take good care of our VIPS! :)
Girls say all guys are the same? Who told you to try them all.
Had a krazy great weekend shot a video for my Bro and met a lot of industry respected people who respect our grind n how We move!
Absolutely loving #MidnightInParis soundtrack. Highly recommended in lieu of traveling back to 20s Paris.
haha probably so!
Just submitted my #MCN2012 proposal "So now what? Next steps in GLAM-Wikimedia collaborations." Now onward to AAM prep!
Too cute!
It's all about Lin Baby !
Family is belonging to and believing in each other.
yah they have this like. Weird relationship. They like both like eachother but rnt going out or something
I can add one - #4. A fear of complacency and an unwavering desire to succeed.
How would you feel if the Federal Government arbitrarily built a fence around your dream property, you bought with American Money, you...
I better not be sick. That would be the worst possible situation right now.
happy belated birthday to master
Just a reminder: We are playing Swan Dive this Friday at 10pm!
Well, here I am again. Sometimes titles are mandated despite protest of the recipient.
It was ridiculous, they played songs from their next album and they were so fresh
Hey #CALICon11 folks - is breakfast at the school bacon and eggs or muffins and bagels?
good idea!RT : Learn Spanish Tip: Find a buddy to learn with you. You can encourage each other or even play word games together!
has to be THE BEST MOVIE EVER!
Latoya looks a lot like MJ. I smell a conspiracy!
Dear Santa, .... I've been good all year. ... Ok most of the time. ... Once in a while. ... Forget it. I'll buy my own shit!
Don't know if I agree with this. I like "trust...but verify."
yayyyyy! Katie and Robert and my parents and Roberts parents are in a huge fight. maybe they will finally break up :D :D :D :D
Great specials tonight for the #brewers game!
Can't wait for him to tweet about well the show was scheduled! And what a great AD team we have!!
$35 bucks in an expensive ass wipe but I'll raise you a Moonpig in August. Non Fat latte, Grande. No foam. To go. For Matthew.
sounds so dreamlike, Renaissance Era, wish I was there.
i need to see this thing with justin & the lonely island. like now.
Mary Carillo returns to New England to reconnect with Team Hoyt on the next episode of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel. Real Sports premier…
Some days are made for nostalgia...
Yay! The Cable guy is here! New cable/internet whole house DVR.
I am looking forward to it! Now, off to a staff mtg with my gang!
Yay I'm followed by Now time to get him to follow and
I am so bored
I know. They aren't even trying! Ugh.
I.hate.papers. English will be the death of me. #shootme Glad it's 10 pm and I'm just now starting on it...
Our prof is taking an odd tone and says "they'll never commit to #RDA!", so we're not going to learn it :(
And no. WVU was not picked ahead of Louisville for any other reason than their willingness to shit in the bathtub.
Successfully walked past the new #Titanoboa exhibition to get to my cube today. This does not mean I will be walking through it however.
Wants to know what everyone's favorite Irish film is?
thank you! :) new song pleases you?
Fight night. I say Manny PAC wins by unanimous decision. No knock outs but a few knockdowns.
I hope so! Etsy is never embarrassed. The post with the ikea cookie cutters is still up on their FB page. Way to reward it.
Don't miss Director Fred Sayeg "The Encore of Tony Duran" #indiefilm Friday 11/18/11 - 6-7pm "On the Set With Jasper Cole"
Danny says we are going to wake up at 9, eat breakfast, then leave. But I really hope it's 930 at least haha
Workin....like a dog...missing the poker tables...
Thanks, Tiffany!
I need bacon.
yes, we travel any where we need to be.
Anyone got a truck we can use tomorrow? Moving Day has hit kind of a snag.
to all our #houston friends this weekend every pair of guie #shoes only $50 contact to set up an appointment.
just ib case you don't know me,I'm Ashawnte Cotton, nice to meet ya
<U+266A>Don't Worry About The Government - Talking Heads: 77
hey lanae thanks for the follow hope you are doing well
Sidebar---great shot Kevin Love!
the full moon blues.
Live it how u get it it
This weather is amazing!!! Pools will be poppin' this weekend for sure!
i already answered with the number #111144 ;)
Rooney you are k. Get in there and score!
I gotta say, most sites look stunning on the iPad. I (heart) my iPad
and I ask u again, If that ain't ducking what is??
ahh you are awesome lol ": I Hate Laker Fans Y'all Are Fuckin Annoying"
“: West Coast can't wait to read your reactions to tonight's episode of #FashionStar” my BF and I LOVED IT!
Well tell me when it's on :P
screw mr. milarski & his 40 question assignments that are worth 5 points. I'm not wasting my time doing 40 questions for only 5 points.
In all fairness the boxed lunch was pretty substantial. One thing missing: a scoop of loose fries dumped in the box.
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender, " I'd like an entendre please--actually make that a double."-Nancy Pearl
Happy New Year!!!!!
Keeping up with the Canedys RT Starting car while dad beat the fuel pump with a sledgehammer a bizarre way to start my day
2012 Summer Time Im Goin In :D
Oh guess what? It's my birthday.. I don't usually care about such things but I'm in a great mood & I get to close on my new house on 5/24!
A bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you fail to make the turn.
Ditto. Let me know when you post something! I hope I get to meet you at LIANZA!
Dinner with my rents<3 #nevereatingagain!
Thank you to all my friends, fans and family for making 2011 one of the best years yet! Looking forward to rocking 2012 with y'all.
Ah! Here we go. Giving people recognizable funny hats that beg to be shared on social media is a great idea
Wait, wtf ! BET
i hope everything is ok (at the vet)
If your not involved in the situation, then stay our of it. Its that simple. Mind your own business.
that's a fun place. Sucks about the movie, though.
What do you think Bob McDonnell, extreme thesis author would've said about Gov Bob McDonnell today?
Another perfect Pinkberry day!
thanks for the follow Ravi. We love your work.
man it ain't no international phones down here smh wassup tho ?
Add one to your Christmas list!
Just got back from Maine. Everyone safe and sound.
Have to sign off - thank you for the great discussion, everyone!
Thanks for the shoutouts from - had a really fun time today. :)
Contemplating a white pizza for dinner, now that I have all the cooking implements under one roof.
why would you ever stop blink 182!!!!! >:)
Looking forward to dinner tonight at ! Fingers crossed for pickled blueberries again.
night owls !!!!
hell yea TURN UP
when? Because I haven't decided when I'm moving yet.
This is my first tweet. Thanks for following me and
Therefore, the healthier your weight, the less chance you have of getting diabetes
I wouldn't do that if I were you... mine already says that... and you hate being like me!!! BEEP!!!
Kiss her!! #Motivation you can do it... you can do it...
Yeah, I think the culprit on this show is that she's not a "popular" artist. We've been tweeting on this for a couple of weeks.
Serving $1 oysters all day today. Stop by before it rains!
Rock music and rap gets me hype dats why I listen to it!pop r&b makes me wana sing dats y I listen to it!Latin music makes me want to move!.
No, I don't like Selena Gomez. I mean c'mon, she can't sing, she's not good at acting. But I respect her for what she does to her fans.
difference is, you bragged about that. I didn't.
Oh when?
thanks for the #FF love!! Happy St. Paddy's day to you as well!
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it
The woman who was 75 and finshed the race, fantastic
I use google way too much, It can't be healthy lol
Thursday is huge hoops day in Wisconsin. & open tourney, HS hoops in Madison & and trade deadline.
“: Amare's braids was done in a kitchen somewhere”.. Nope on some front porch steps
If your ancillary thought is correct, hopefully casual sports fans/media will continue to turn up the heat on these issues
full speed ahead
Thanks Thanks Thanks to everyone who came out last night! Great times were had :)
Don't do that to yourself! You've come so far :)
Is it weird I've been following someone because they look good and have very insightful tweets?
I think that good formal reviews serve as a jumping off place for such thing.
I'm going to hell, I totally lied to my girlfriend about foie gras... No babe, duck is not the same as goose....
8o that's hard to believe
Be sure to follow our boys in blue tonight as takes on Montreal Impact at 7:30 PM! Game can be viewed on KSMO!
Famous Firsts Collection & other classics from Harlequin--would love for these to be more available for library purchase from B & T.
Happy New Year from every one We wish you a very successful 2011!
Great goal bu Fletcher but the weakest defence all season for that play,well done Mick.
What do you think of the policy? Too strict?
Last #pizzax order of the year
INSERT INTO death ('Rebecca');
Win FREE Umeus Cloth gear this BLACK FRIDAY!!! Read this picture to see how!
"He's a good kid." "Yeah, I only do cocaine." LOOOL.
That's great They are getting the right man for the job.
: Never be someone your not. Alway be you:-)
and a yay to the 'other' andy. nice win over gilles. didn't get engaged in a drawn out affair, which often happens with gillou.
Marketing is FUN!
love ur smile :)
Uh oh is right! You are going down!!!
Follow please!!(; and i think you should do a cover for one direction, what makes you beautiful. (: it would be amazing' <33
Dear Shower, I love how hot you get when I turn you on.
My but hurts..
hey is that where you live? I'll call you next time I am there!
I will be damned if I don't fry catfish tonight. I will be damned.
Blog on Sandy Leon arriving soon, I was told last yr he was destined for majors; top work ethic; studies gm
after Jill finish...
Richmond. Doing a little house warming.
Why oh why does PR not hire until right before graduation?
Potential band name: The Natural Causes.
I worked out. If you knew me, you'd know this is a miraculous feat. Miraculous.
Who needs a turkey when you can have a t-shirt?
I'll be back next month hopefully
damn you look sexy in glasses.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative. (If it abstains, don't give anything).
come back before I move and we can do some sight seeing n shopping lol
don't be there not that bad
Remember kids, when your texting you must wait at least 30 minutes for a response.
I think you mistook penguins for cheetahs and narwhals and panthers and kookaburras and stuff
In my building's gym with ONE other woman. Just two chicks pumping iron and breathing really hard. We are not talking to one another.
just Twitter family. Lol. Never really thought of having all these brothers and sisters. lmao.
<---is dancing like David Byrne a la "Once In a Lifetime"
OH: "ActiveX is the greatest piece of web technology ever invented"
Dreams are by far the weirdest and most beautiful phenomenon ever.
work at home business
Sociopath: Feeling that their victims "deserved it" for being stupid enough to trust them. "They asked for it"
in JAMAICA, just walked with my homies along the sure of the carribean sea, saw yellow crab NEMO, a bunch of beautiful brown pple tru word
We're following each other, would you DM me your email?
but even the sun sets in paradise..
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions. ~ Eat Pray Love
It smells like summer outside
RT : Just registered for #NCORE2012 thanks for the wonderful opportunity to increase my w/ #diversity work
I'm currently drinking coffee out of a mug with a picture of my cat on it while sitting next to my cat and tweeting about my cat.
this boy is driving me crazy !!! everyday he asked if i would kiss him the answer is no never in my life will do anything with you
the noise is good for waking people up... it'll help get us to the point of real revolution... but it's just a stepping stone
Prayers for all those who lost their lives
Beautiful baccalaureate tonight!
I'm sorry Doll, I will be out of town that weekend :( But please keep me informed of any other projects!
COLLEGE HUMOR- Hardly Working: Shrinking Ray
in a weird way I don't think I've felt such an awful baseball-related feeling since end of 2001 world series
hahah. So there will be pizza!?
"You bring your surfboard? How bout your speedo?"
IMHO, story on Caribe closing should have noted their station also affected by LRT construction.
- i cant wait til I can wear my contacts again ...
New -- CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration is called Community Acceptance Program
As fire purifies gold, so does life's test purify us.
Ima go work out later.
have you poked ? He's an accessibility savant.
So stoked to finally photograph the gorgeous Jaime Evans today! Keep an eye out for updates and behind-the-scenes pix!
EVERYONE GO GET VERIFIED <3(:
So excited for the concert next weekend! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Darcy, you're my new fav tweep, #4000. next time I'm in Chicago, I owe ya a coffee or cocktail! nice to e-meet you.
Came home from Europe to find Art Pepper LP box, Complete From Ronnie Scott's, waiting for me! I hope to sit down and listen this weekend.
I teared up a little when Ted thought to himself, "I miss you." Tragic.
I know! When you come home next I'll give you a trim lmfao
GURL PREACH IT! She doesn't even look like you!just not care what people think because their opinions aren't worth your time!
Come on, any GG to Modern Family????
Sir, i swear to drunk im not god.
He's 11!!! Give it time. Lol
aw thank youu :D followed!
I Beat The Pussy Up
: "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's y we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Still beaming - awesome weekend with fam and friends!
writing time this weekend... it might get rowdy.
I'll go to the depot and get it:)
you don't need to either...
okay, how long are you grounded?
With love and patience, nothing is impossible!!!
" Winning isn’t what dictates your happiness in life; it’s whether or not you’re willing to play. " <U+262E>
I know, I'm excited! I've heard amazing things... I hope he likes me and keeps me around!
It's definitely a 4th of July thing then. Let it be a lesson to everyone for 2013.Don't wait til last minute to book
sound like y'all getting it popping tonight
There was nothing wrong with them - you was just abit mad lol #loveit!x
Saints fans could use a little Glee right now
I would like to give a shout out and dedicate a song, "You are so vain" to my beloved wife Michelle. Signed Obama the one termer.
Well those two quizzes are over now clinical tomorrow and practicum Friday. My life sucks for the next 11 months.
How are you gonna say it was a crazy ass night? Its not even 1:00 lol.
Even though you know he's wrong for you, but that doesn't make you want him any less.
haven't tweeted in awhile
If you just realize what I just realized . Then we'd be perfect for eachother . And we'd never find another . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Any advice for not going schizophrenic with dual twitter personas? We became for this state effort!
If your dog or cat is vomiting pink or bloody-bring in for exam.
well what do you know? August 3rd is my birthday. Follow me;)
Morning everyone.
Lol idk bro, some people have some crazy abnormalities lol
AND WORK IN THE MORNING, IM OUT
thanks for following Rich :)
listing to JB ;)
I remember now! haha
if you can stand the opposing broadcast team, it's in HD on WGN.
Happy humpday! Sign up for our #flipcup tournament this Sat. 4PM by buying our deal online now .com
but it's for me.
Happy Hour
not gettin cute stuff back<
why do i like food so mucchhhh?
I only charge $15 per beat . Plus 3 for 2 deal
Still waiting for the day to reveal it's "Mondayness", so far now signs...
"If you ask me, how I'm doin, I would say I'm doin just fine." I wouldn't lie about anything when I say that either. I be just fine.
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Ghandi
Watch the Devils/Panthers game they said. It'll be short they said.
yes. Its happening. But not yet. Not crowded at all.
early bedtime #becauseican #sleep :D
one year is all it takes! :P and YET!! He may suck the next few times, you never know!
Just discovered you! Oh, the possibilities!. Wish I had a proper ipad to mm-to-go....some day.
Oh don't you just want to bottle that personality? Hilarious!
you sleeping on my girls Tom lol
you are the shersey queen.
noticed that you finally lost your twitter virginity… out of the cave at last :)
I did, also read the tweet. Concerning the header, I thought initially it was me on the right. Lefty looks more like you.
Had a good time at prom. But I forgot my shaw on a table. :(
is hosting a live concert in Chiang Mai 6/25 to raise awareness about #humantrafficking & #exploitation of women&children!
haha tell me I don't know my alesana :p
#Rangers and #Mets both win, that's a good night!
"Lots of things that couldn't be done have been done." - Charles Auston Bates
so so true, it's such a great one!
can u send me a link pls?
Saw the initial lay out of text on our new book *You are a Gift to the World*--Looking Good! Due out April '11
Kinda just remembered it's #friday. Definitely doesn't feel like it.
"when I walk into class I choose to sit on the outside and back rows making people crawl over me to get to a seat" -everyone that annoys me
Who's got me with a Laker score update? Are they at least keeping up?
Omg justin bieber = sex.
Anyone want2fuck my ex? b.c. he's nothing but a hoe! Which is y he's my ex, don't trust him tho b.c. he's a damn good lier!
Kenny Rogers looks no different ???
I can breath again. Today's lesson do not ignore on the things that needed to get done yesterday cause tomorrow you'll be paying the price!
On Tuesday, my husband said, where's your girl?! Lol
Success keeps me Glowing!!!
"In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash & experience. Take experience first; cash will come later." ~Harold S. Geneen
That awkward moment when you see two guys sharing the same stick of deodorant in the Thortons gas station parking lot
RT : You have a right to expect predictable, transparent behavior from - D.S.
not good enough, because his team still lost. If you aint first your last
Had a great time at in Kigali, Rwanda. The property is gorgeous and I loved seeing your orphan homes!
I think Bryce Harper will hit a home run before Albert Pujols hits one
nobody. likes. swimming.
Is the best friend EVER!!!! :)) She literally sat for 10 mins & recorded #First10Mins of for me
Girl do you wanna see my 101 PLAY
I'll get a link from to archives later. Can't find one he gave me earlier now. (ugh, don't wanna hear self-voice.)
Hustle for shoes and clothes
Nuggets gotta win..
To all the runners (since one of my first cousins is in his 70s and an AVID #Marathon Runner) Failure does not exist if you learn from it.
Yes. RT : Nope RT : Do people even talk on the phone anymore?
« « A text message from you would be nice right about now.»»
VP Biden and Education Sect Duncan bring the awesome!
That cool breeze on a hot day..ah i love that : )
I like how we have the same thoughts & ideas! lol :)
plus im drinkin your goin away present right now haha courtesy of jack daniels
think u can email it to me? Greatly appriciate it
#HardRockRising Battle of the bands come #seetheshow as round 1 starts 2nite 4 bands 9pm 21+ Donation at door for Make-A-Wish
please RT: It's time to take a stand! Are you planning on seeing #bullymovie this weekend? Join the movement/see the movie!
please let pass the line go in first, we've been waiting since 6!!!
When someone lies to u, its because they don't respect u enough to be honest, and they think ur too
Back to business now. After a family member's funeral & tiresome few days, it's time to get back to it.
Process almost done... This year is going to be great!.. BANG
Everyday I'm in this class I perform magic by pulling a sandwich out of my bookbag.
I'm sleepy!
It's not Friday but #ff because Jazz Appreciation should be all year. Now excuse me, I gotta catch the A Train...
Dú you know whð hwé contact for Seeing is Believing podcast licensing?
up in smoke went my bracket! free throws, free throws! VCU outplayed IU and lost.
Just woke up,currently dafting up a business plan/proposal. Thank you MLK for the inspiration.
Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of Heaven, Blossom the lovely stars, the forget-me-nots of the angels. -H.W.Longfellow
If Ur mean to there's something wrong with u
hey! :) your amazing! <3
i dont enjoy being
GET IT! Congrats :)
#IWouldDoAnythingFor the Undergraduate Marketing Agency!
RT : Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!...
I get the chills when I see art!this lady is on to something fantastic! I am a fan!
So many signs and portents and choices made today. Beyond my ability to write them all here. Foreshadowing is not just in movies and books.
Stay tuned for my upcoming book: Super Librarian Actually Finds Time to Sit Down and Eat Lunch.
There are times in our life we have to be serious with ourselves the gentleman was hilarious
todays my lucky day happen to be walking back home from the store and turnt mi head and saw some money picked it up is was $34 :)
This is what I get for trying to make you laugh... As always...
Meeting with today. We can't wait to hear more about their programs.
ZBO made the all nba team last yr and was one of the best players in the playoffs last yr. he will be back
You don<U+0092>t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
RT : I hope Oden is like Grant Hill and Ilgauskas — their careers looked unsalvageable at times due to injury, too.
WTF SHE DIDNT KNOW BELL BIV DEVOE WAS APART OF NEW EDITION?? SMDH HA HA
Good morning twitterverse! Don't you hate these tweets?
Think I need to buy some Mega Millions Lottery tickets
Singer Jordan Knight is 42. Rhythm-and-blues singer Darnell Van Rensalier (Shai) is 42. Actress Sasha Alexander is 39.
Time for Ap 26-28 to serve & pray in our Nation's Capitol R u going to be there? it'll be historic!
Madea movies are the best!
Just had a great meeting with and at the studio...
your welcome :)
I think it might be a tie for with and just because Ru said "we are breaking all the rules"
I hate Chick friends
anyone have the scoop on this JSConf 2012 videos? (or hints on where they might be available once they're released?) - thx
Happy Birthday, ! From, The Urban Pessimist Staff
RT : Headed to kIss In London :) --- hey, i am London kissme <U+2661> hahahaha lol
Yes, I have big lips. Don't judge me.
Yeah, but star of my dreams # 11 is all over that scoring shit & 29 was the Powerball the other night. Coincidence?
Across from Yankee Stadium @ The Dugout with a ton of PBR guys and gals.
Worked on the Jo book while eating chicken, rice and greens.
It appears Mets fans are dressing as chair backs for this afternoon's game at Citi Field.
okk i gotta start getting on #Twitter more. #Facebook is starting to die.
Just installed our first Spanking Station in this public family restroom.
We miss it too man! ;) RT : I miss touring with you guys.
Happy Hour cocktail- Citrus Fizz with fresh lemon, lime, orange, simple, club soda, choice of vodka, rum, or tequila - $5 until 8 pm.
I hope :( well now that he lives in Miami I have a higher chance!! ;)
text my ipad... class started again
Getting excited about an awesome weekly feature coming up in 2011! Any guesses what it might be??
This relaxing moment :)
Gotta love the suits!
Shoring criteria and management strategies are effective for a buyer's market, not a seller's market.
you still coming to colorado april 14th i checked yaa website but it said thaa event was deleted?
I seriously cannot focus right now. I'm so worried and distressed....
Make sure you have a good playlist & some extra motivation! Intervals maybe!?
You darn right! :-)
feeelin great this mornin :3 i hope everyone has a great day, stay positive and keep lookn at the bright side of things
I don't know if you plan to write a post about that (how to architecture it) but this would be great! Really interesting ;-)
followed <3 thanks for helping us spread the word! Please keep it up
Hope everyone had a delicious thanksgiving. Is there any other kind?
Hope to see you at this April 30th for a #winetasting with , benefiting Voices For Children! 7:30PM.
we actually forced her to sign up… she's for realies
A rule was broken, right? You were all about rules being enforced last night in the Xavier-ND game. What's the difference?
:) we would buy this in a heartbeat! Looks like it's a concept by a student, but hope it get's picked up soon!
Its gotta either be you or Spuds McKenzie. I gota be honest, it'd be pretty sweet if Spuds was coming.
If relationships were easy everyone would be in one madly inLove.
Freddie Mac reports the average rate on the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage dropped to a record low of 3.88% this week!
First-time video documentary for the Assembly Holocaust Memorial Project being shown on the floor. very moving stories.
hi sweetz, im good ova here how bout u
just saw this-u know i jump off and on this twitter train! ha! loved seeing you and love your big heart! :)
President Obama speaking live, visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
How was your margarita lastnight?
They have thus far; I'm hopeful.
We are at South Coast Plaza being honored by Microsoft at their new store opening this morning
It can be a challenge because of visas, insurance, school, etc... but it can absolutely be done!
I have developed some sweet sites for my clients, but I haven't touched my personal site in years... Next project: Redesign my site!
I'm.tired of these mother fuckers saying a change is goingto come
Thats dude name he rap that song
And that's why you resign James Jones...lol
Happy Hump Day!!!!!
is eating fish fry
After a brisk walk from Baruch to Penn Station I'm on the train to Boston for
A good sign.....my husband is laughing out loud while reading his Christmas gift! Adam Carolla's book is a big hit!
RT : Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.--John D Rockefeller
“: Dougie: You and and my 14yr old niece are all crazy for The Wanted. Nothing else in common. ” LMAO
Indeed! I think, in general (with good policies, permission, &c.), it's a fantastic idea.
Gauguin was a "Sunday painter" until age forty. I love that term "Sunday painter"...
Dear City of MPLS, thank you for fixing [removing the meteor craters from] that stretch of road between 280 & Stinson. I salute you!
“: Lady Gaga looks old.” nice one.
I Seen Yo Ugly Ass Walking lol !
Ha!!! RT : The question is: when is JAPAN going to make a Tupac Hologram we can have sex with?
Tune into L.A.C.E. Magazine on-line tonight and every Tuesday! 6-9 live radio show! www.yougotlaced.com
As long as the movie avoids the book's lagging portions, I'm in! Kostova has a book (The Swan Thieves) coming out in Jan., too.
": Congrats RT : Think I'm getting divorced." Uh oh Pam's gonna get your ass
Taking off your socks feels amazing
We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them. - William Arthur Ward
RT : Tornado please suck up all the STD infested, stanky booty, rachet hoes so the DFW will be a better place. #Preciate ya..HA
I use my hair straightner as a heater >.<
La Vita e Bella ;)
anytime man
annoyed. Probably should just go to bed before I get into trouble!
Rubs eyes n continue to watch
I was watching old recital videos the other day, and I saw you! hahaa<3 I love you and we need to hang out like soon. byee(: !
Partnering with a web design company in Cambodia for this next project. Really enjoying meeting new people all over the world!
RT : it hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted or unloved today.
#nowreading 'Style' by :)
always happy to help! ;)
is providing a great live blog of the Louisiana Senate's consideration of the #EdReform bills
congrats on the pca 8 game win again.
Ocean Reef Gallery took labors of many
well one is during a lunch hour too so u can come during third hour too if u don't get it
Voted for
Congratulations to our AT&T training class associates that started their career today. Welcome to the TRG family!
Lifetime movies are so entertaining to me, I could just watch them all day! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
It's absolutely delicious!
I can agree on that! Had Don Pablo's with and Bob last night -- avocados are God's best gift!
Are you kidding me? The Cubs? Really?
Can I check into stress management please?
I got my "Rachel"!!!
Papaya milk juice with baby boba, lazy afternoon in Alki. Feels like I am back in PTS!
yea I like it. It's much better the Androgel IMO. Less E2 and hematocrit issues too
village idiot w/u friends celebrating birthdays.
Hey! I retweeted the wrong tweet! Silly me.
Good to see back in the booth! I wonder if the way the #RedSox are playing is what made him feel ill? Come on Sox!
I was just about to mention that dome of Pepsi cups filling the air at Lollapalooza 94. One of my favorite concerts ever.
hey howie! mines goin. where's james at?
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee?
we were triple booked back to back, a personal fitness instructor and then hip hop dance classes. Let The Music Play!!
Too close to speakers it looks like
Thank you,good:)
soz im on my phone and it's actin up so I guess ill ttyl abt this xx love you night
Dont worry, the only thing Rickie is killing this year is his own batting average
I want some kool aid
home again. How sweet it is! (Even if moms at work)
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values. Rand, Ayn
well i better go and study, hopefully i'll actually learn stuff for modies & human biology :|.
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell!
WE WOULD LOVE TO ASSEMBLY your IKEA FURNITURE; WE ARE THE BEST, WE ARE THE EXPERTS. - CHEST OF DRAWERS, DRESSERS, BED FRAMES & MORE
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
you're a modern day Christ of cuisine. Thanks for being our martyr.
I wish it was the other way around! :)
That's plenty about #tarantulas. Hope you enjoyed alt-pet talk. Even if you don't care for spiders, learning helps us understand & fear less
I hate when I'm texting and my charger falls out of the wall!
Breaking: #Blago sentenced to 14 years. Did you expect longer or shorter? Follow 4 updates!
Well my daughter better get used to disappointment. Ive bought so many shitty beauty products. So pissed at wasting my $ I just trashed them
Receive and experience the amazing grace of the Master, Jesus Christ, deep, deep within yourselves. (Phil 4:23 MSG)
Don't forget Daylight Savings! Time to "fall" back and enjoy an extra hour of sleep tonight!
Right! I hate that lol.
I just sent you a FB message, but I see you already figured it out. :D
Nothing like a trip alone!
Just wait until you hear my platform. It will involve anal insertion, tax breaks for dildo manufacturers, femdom training.
Thank you for bringing your friends in to have the carrot cake creme brulee.
Did u knof France use to tax salt?
Listening to #countrymusic to get in the mood for Texas!
no, I dont like you anymore -.-
i need to go out to do some errands but its so hot 2day & im too lazy to take a shower
there was a quinoa patty sammich! not far from you.
Tropical Addiction and Sutra Lounge keeps it fresh with MixMaster David, Juggla ATL, drink specials, and hookah all night long!
building things and being quiet = focused. Love it! When ready, let me know how I can help share the news.
Just 6 hours until the big #NCAA championship basketball game. Go #Jayhawks!
Hey, where is everybody? Who gave us today off?
Spend a summer at the restaurant and you and #JimmyBuffet will be best friends.
I know right lol me either. ": Omg , throwback ALL the way,!! I dnt even remember taking that"
tell her I said happy mothers day.(:
Tonight is the Red Dress Preview Party Fashion Show "Haute Couture"
free loan mods, yes it's true and i am a realtor and found the right people that can help!!!
Most welcomed =)
whats good wit it?
ugh. yeah, really..
I'm going to go with a big wtf?
i need a buddy that wants to introduce me to korean food. i like spicy and i'll even try the weird stuff.
Tell me what you think
Nope, but don't get her talking about it. It'll NEVER end
MT : i deal with a lot of passive aggressive people.. addendum -_________- (and bone head subtweeters SMH)
30-1! Unbelievable season for 'Cuse..one has to respect.
Dont make me tackle you! no sleeping
Excellent goal...I wish you much success!
Check out our new skin and logo design! Thanks Justin Reynolds! Looks great!
Thank you so much! I love you all! All of my fans are the BEST!
11 Days till Mad Anthony returns @ Taste of Cincinnati.
Angels just signed C.J Wilson too! 5 years/$77m
Happy Mexican mothers day!!!!
It's odd that I've heard so much about you from people around me. Well, hello sir.
Wow, I forgot how fun guitar hero is!
Is anyone else confused as to why tami is going after school special on kesha on basketball wives. I love tami to death but....
hahaha sure you are
Loved the Cincinnati story. Do you know what orgs are working to fight #FoodDesert in Cinci?
I swear!
Beastie Boys never get old
No, not at all. I love them.
Thanks for the RTs!
I'm right here.
I think he's in love.
Haha , like weird people but no one really big.. and noo ICONic Boyz,, but i really want them to follow me! you?besides nick
Hanging out wit my biffle sami!!!!!
I've been trying to fucking remember Streetlight Manifesto for a while! Yeah, we've seen them. Still fun.
If you ever catch on fire, don't check yourself in the mirror, 'cause I bet that REALLY throws you into a panic.- Jack Handy (via)
come to me bring food but more importantly yourself
says confucious: "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
Don't Marry A Man Unless You'll Be Proud To Have A Son Like Him.
I am not going to go into work tomm because I am patriotic. My lack of employment has nothing to do with it
-- remember our conversation? Did it have a hood? Did it's tail rattle? Did it spit venom? Did it eat the neighbor?
Where the hell have we been!? writing new material of course.. new album out this Winter stay tuned
I know haha they have his picture everywhere! RT : so jealouss!!! You know that Obama was there haha
Thanks for taking that pic with me after the game I was 12 years old at the time, do you remember the double overtime game with rice?
And what would you have received in return? (cc ).
I don't know who would play J Lo. I don't think she would be a believable actress even if she was playing herself on a Lifetime original.
I feel like I'm livin the life I don't know y I complain about it
Hey - how is Pinnacle? If I get an "all clear" from ortho tomorrow I wanna join.
I just may go there this weekend anyways, I like it better in Spain than here anyways
My president coulda told me we was going bk to Africa. I would b on da boat,bone n my nose,spear n hand,titties out. Sayn goonie Goo Goo
Coffee never sleeps!
RIGHT??!! What the hell was that? lmao
Home sweet home :) cuddling up with my josie
Imma get them addicted e.e
i was a weird kid and hated alot of stuff but i luved dragon tales :-)
I got an agent!!!
Today little Miss Addy is 6months old! Can't even believe it! Happy half birthday Baby Girl!
Build-A-Bear? Thinking about it! It's like the only place I see that might hire me. XD At the mall, anyway...
I could of been with Miley Cyrus right now?!?!?! What's wrong with me?!?!
In that annoying mood to all of you guys prolly, but hey whatever.
will never follow me back :| *SADFACE*
I am glad came I would be chasing the sun or I would be have a all time low!!!!!! :)
this is Shelley Adler at Associated Press-can we get Greg Williams audio. e mail me at . thanks
thanks for the follow!
Happy Mothers Day
Sweet God, Kari. :)
I am indeed. It'll be my fourth year here.
I'll be starting the Beard Prevention Front.
Prosody Live tonight at the Alumni Bowling Competition @ Winchester Bowl... 930pm.........
Thanks for the follow! A career doing PR for KP is my dream job so it's nice to stay updated on company news down here in SD.
Yep That's me:-)
": We should be able to penalize companies for bad commercials." - start with lexus
helpful info today + great connections look forward to more
I <3 #southland & officer ben sherman.
Wedding season is in full swing, I have a whole lotta invitations to make in the coming weeks.
thank you so very much Tim! We find you to be a darn good chap too!
I need some more followers!!
Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts! Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood. Hunger Games fan: I'm fine..
Noon radio spelling bee with Maryland students: Michelle Beaulieu (St. Mary's), Sydney Christley (Charles) and Reid Fitzhugh (Montgomery)
Allergies suck. Maybe i'll get balance issues again this year?
you better!!!! I'm PUMMPED for photoo tomorrow!
they passed her around like a swisher fulla loud
Wow!!! “: Record crowd 35,000 throughout the day. Thank you! See you next year- May 4, 2013! #ROC”
Just as classless as #Lakers fans => RT : i dont care what any of you think of me! S/O to artest for not pulling a gun out
lucky you. I lived in SF for 6 yrs. Next time I'm up I'll contact you
I talked to you this morning! Wuv you too tell me when your coming
Liquor > wine > beer >
Yes. It's quite shocking.
My voice teacher Ruth Dubinbaum is a miracle worker. I can't believe how she has transformed my voice.
say the word and i am there!
Rock out at all your shows this week!
1. Define organizational "big idea" 2. Identify "gunners" & allow them to build 3. Resource 4. Create content-specific content 5. ADD VALUE
I still call the Jays the Blue Jays and I still call the Rays the Devil Rays sometimes... oops
You feel a sense of void within. Your thoughts run towards the world of objects and beings in the hope of filling this void.
That cat is so fat I want to marry it.
admittedly, I was asleep until it felt like a bolt of lightning hit my bed! Holy cow. It. Was. Loud.
early birds catch the worm!! im at it so lets go!!!
So you were asking me these questions -- what for ? :)
Hey sexy ;)
Sorry! once you get on it is really easy. You can just get a login at the circulation desk, no need to wait in line.
Pulling for the #Hawks tonight.
Looking forward to playing the Slayerer show Oct 30 @ Cactus. Not looking forward to wearing a skull cap & fake tribal tattoos
Tyga - Rack City this song wont get out of my head!
And that's great someone else still does it and the topic came up, that still doesn't give you permission to tell it.. Haha
Word for the day: talanoa. Idle talk as a social adhesive. (Hindi) This is, perhaps, Facebook's niche?
: "multi-media project took 3 weeks, which included mid-point check-ins, producers, CREATORS..."
Home prices post 18.1 percent annual drop in April
$1 off craft bottles 5-7. Earn rewards by drinking local bottles.
You're welcome! Good luck with the project! :)
Went #HAM in the neighborhood! Ran 2 miles! Later gonna go train like a
Dirty Situation ;-)
Mimi Plange has done it again! Her immaculate collection takes your breath away! Talent unrelenting.
Rock on!
so beyond frustrated.....why do i even try
If you can tune into now to watch the latest coverage abt what's happening in Egypt
Hopefully I get that call/txt b4 I go to bed
He pissed me off when he smacked my cookie on the dirty floor but that's not worth getting into a fight over.
Yep, they don't make it partic easy. Prob need a better network of sub-hub/Park&Rides.
Starting to obsessively check D2L to see if my final grades are in...they'll be up only when I stop expecting them to be.
Some some straight hulk ultimate destruction in avengers.
aw thanks :D and idk my moms said I have stop buying stuff after how much the tickets cost and we still have to buy (c)
It's quite interesting. A friend of mine and I watch things and create voices. Lol it's stupid and we're weird but funny.
how do you like Arizona??
Long day at work. So busy!... Time to make dinner :)
thanks! We've been working on this for a while - Very greatful for the reception!
special/creeped out
I read it. I loved it. Cant wait to read Jack's book next. :)
": i no lol" why didn't u come thru?
Record Deal request how?
Depends on his mood. He looks sharp on TV but he is really soft and sensitive to ANY criticism on him. Perfect MSG employee.
maybe look through a magazine for inspiration or post some favorite etsy finds?
what's it about?
A walk down frightful Harrison & 16th calls for a little My Name Is Barbra. M.
#NSF2012 Case Cup competition is underway! May the best team win !
*her* *1000x* RT : seeing him todaay would make my week 1Ox better .
Keep going back to trying Twitter, but just not great at it. Advice?
poison ivy =the coasters deck of cards = wink martindale heebie jeebie's h.fuqua-b.smith
is it cool? I've heard mixed reviews.
Me too but idk if that will happen
Dev is giving me life right now.
I actually have no idea what username I used back then. I wasn't very frequent. I remember you were a Mark Grudzielanek fan.
Ever since Michael Jaskson passed, everyone wants to b the next pop star.
Hey Billy:)
Just woke up
@ us if you're located in Austin and want an invite to our private launch event on Friday. We'll be serving food and drinks too.
ha! I am at the dentist too! Just for a cleaning though.
What effortless ease to see the future of digital media--the nature of sharing and community.
Rest day. This is killing me.
she's awesome! we would very much like her "Please don’t do coke in the bathroom" cross-stitch.
Are you looking for #SomethingToDoOnATuesday? Well E-Villa has something for you to do from 6pm-11pm. Come for Happy Hour and try the tacos!
I love August Wilson!
>>>MLM News! SoZo( New Company Listing )
I think I have to be a top 10 word-smith in Words With Friends
Last day to see 's latest video featuring and before it goes into the archives...
if you haven't checked out , now is the time - the site is chock full of the best FREE and unofficial southby parties. like
Do something everday even if its a walk around the block!!
oh, I had 3! And research has shown it's the mark of a truly creative mind to even have 1!
Children's Literature Question: Does anybody know what the first 32-page picture book was?
A friend once wrote: Give me your faith, not your doubts.
I bet you think I'm PRETTY ugly....(;
APP as in application for an IPAD/IPHONE...essentially we can have technology work on both sides of the fence
I wonder what my Lil dip doing...
I've never in my life been more unable to call a fight!!
I really didn't want to wake up this morning. I was having a dream about Zac Efron, a red carpet, and crab legs.
wow epic vid ill have to finish that.. very smart and
My iPhone needs an "ID guitar in this picture app".
that awkward moment when you're not sure whether to kiss someone two or four times.
your employees are overpaid and unintelligent
Happy New Year! Blessings to all!
lol of course. How long you there?
The crime: Snowboarding in the Desert on Government Property with Billy Joel in order to Get a Raise. In 4 minutes. Tricky stuff.
hell ya big fuckin fan old school
Unexpected day at home! Pack up my studio, list some more paintings, start prepping for holiday shows...
Call me on my cell when you get a chance so we can finish our conversation from Saturday.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>why u sayin that RT : best day ever
Best double feature EVER.
the screen on my phone trust broke..
I got your drinks all night if you go to the bar.
#TeamMindless, you wish was granted <U+E105>
Railing lines of Greatness!
Just when i think things are getting better, another curve ball is thrown my way :-( FML!
As a Marquette alum, I proudly accept the wonderful exit of Notre Dame.
Albondigas and a hibiscus sparkler and we'll call it even! ;)
damit...Go Giants!
I'm over here vibing off of
all curls huh
thinks she's not wealthy in terms of material assets but she's beyond wealthy in terms of assets such as fantastic kids,family & friends.
who doesn't love LA I love living here
No car day Saturday! Checked out the new expo line and did 20 miles on a Perfect day for it too.
on promoting Veep!! My Girl is a nice break from secret service news.
Interesting preso of Perforce Commons, great screen shots showing how content "bubbles up" to you.
saw a yellow-rumped and palm warbler during my walk. Pics to follow soon.
Boston Bruins fans, say what you really feel why don't you!!!
Mom breast feeding in public: acceptable or not acceptable?
what time is the Jim Gaffigan show? How much are the tix?
Movie night = poetic justice, love and basketball, save the last dance, and blue crush
know of any seasoned food franchises for sale?
can you watch really shitty tv while you do it?
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than it does to tolerate them - J.Petit Senn
yeah, doesn't really mean he was #exonerated, does it? He won his appeal on a technicality.
didnt see kids (not alot) outside this yr..not like last yr..reposition yourself now. next yrs gonna be crazy....
our location in Rock Center would be thrilled to have you! (on the south side by the ice rink)
I think he has a long, long way to go. Blake and Jack were MAJOR Division 1 recruits in high schools.
#Boo you made me smile, thank you so much! <3 I LOVE YOU!! :-)
Never too early for #sushi RT : It's 10am and I'm now already hungry for sushi! :)
I wont be able to make it. I work.... and I can't request it off.
hate you.
Thank you for the concern please keep our families in your thoughts
Hope everyone is having a good Friday night out in the Twitterverse. Just wanted to say peace to all.
& to her in just a guy & soon enough she'll meet another. But what she don't know is I'm man that will respect her & those are hard to find.
Simple kindness to one's self and all that lives is the most powerful transformational force of all. David R. Hawkins
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!!!!! Hope you have a super great day, free of encounters with whales! xoxoxoxoxoxo
Can't wait!
RT : Most of the anxiety in my life comes from trying to Shazam a song before it ends.
Today celebrate Humanlight: Humanlight celebrates humanist values, such as tolerance, compassion, honesty, and rationality.
But those Who Trust in the LORD will Find New Strength. They will Soar High on Wings like Eagles. Isaiah 40:31(a) [continued below]
Christ followers -- the bar has been set high by Jesus. Very high. His commands are clear. Step up and into what God has called you to do.
Hey all is well. I'm real good. Hope things r good on ur end. I need 2 check my phone ---- did u text or call???
Robert Hutchins~ Education is a kind of continuing dialogue and a dialogue assumes in the nature of the case different points of view.
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
Just got an invite to a wedding on a Fri at 5:40pm, at a place 30mi north of SA. So, I have to leave work early & hit 35N at rush hr? Yay.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!23
our food editor Joe Crea reviewed that one. how was the q & a?
yes ma'am it is lol
how great was that win?!
Just read for a really cool project called In Your Eyes...writer Joss Whedon
when I do retweet, I just use the retweet button. Not good?
if facebook really wants to make inroads with businesses paying for services they should make invoicing possible for big spenders
why open source parenting would be better
Merry Christmas eve everyone! <3
Excited for you to try it out too!! Have a safe trip!
Watching "White Chicks." My wife is laughing a bit too hard for my liking.
putting together an artists web page holymoley 1/!?!?!
Hi Kool Katalyst! I had great fun as an improv actor at your ImprovJam last year...plans for a sequel? :)
Sounds like KRSN's stream went down.
Not this time.
I'm not gonna make it today- I have a media party at 7! The heat is killer...
Just one more writing assignment to complete and the weekend is mine!!
You were a hipster before it was cool to be a hipster.
Just finished the show @ South Park Mall. It was nice to do a show in the AC. Ha :)
Um, maybe y'all should see Kate Upton doing the Cat Daddy if you haven't already. Do that!
Looks like I'm headed to ATL soon! Weddings there are always so pretty.
4 Non Blondes will always be hot to me.
9. You're sitting at a stop sign and he comes driving down a cross street that doesn't have a stop sign. Yet he stops and waves you through.
Shoutout To My New Followers -
1st tweet from my new smart phone!
you can actually.
I WANNA BE JUST LIKE YOU TATTED UP SWAGGED UP JUST LIKE YOU !!
If Alaric just killed Bonnie I will be beyond upset.
#BabyBashBling welcomes as Swag Bag Contributor AND products to models for "Bump the Runway"
The lunch that I just had was amazing!
Thanks for the follow! I have 'To Live and Die in L.A.' Blu-ray at home waiting to be watched :D
KATIE YOUR SO LUCKY
I was just in Palm Springs over the weekend. The owner of Swank told me she'd met you just days before! Where'd you stay?
no when I grow up cuz thirty is the new twenty
Managers love it when ur bored.
Looking forward to a great evening of community meetings. First TSEU and then over to the Metrocrest Dems meeting to hear Rep
agreed. Sad face.
Today is Do Something Nice Day! What are you going to do to spread a little extra kindness?
#FirstDateRules ALWAYS wear pretty panties! You never know..... :))
Doh ... found my answer in your older tweet. Newport, of course. Saw Red Wanting Blue debut their new album there last month.
Free Valentine Hearts Scrapbook Paper by WordPlay
soon. What's ur email ill shoot yu sum new shit.
I love it how uses 'doe' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
miss u so much cody
Fantastic seeing you too. Look fwd to future 's sessions (I obsessively plotted burying Barbies on the way home.)
Fo Sho! PS you're AMAZING!!! “: don't you KNOW it!! Hey heyy! Repping those cool Jasha styles all day”
Husband v. bees round 2: Revenge of the Squirrel Hill Tracker Jackers. I hope he hallucinates something funny when he gets stung.
Keep your faith by remembering all He has done for you!
hashtag battle? its on!
Agreed! Love them.
I'm not sure, sounds like you don't
Happy Birthday! Keep doin your thing sir!
Crazy, I work at State and Lake in Chicago, so at first glance I thought you were here
really wants to make smores. :)
best song ever.
RT : Gone b a big weekend in Phoenix on the 14th...Wrongkind is everywhere!
we don't care how you feel about it, it's still happening :P
Lemons. Funnel. 5 feet of stretch bungie cord. Two kids to hold the cords. Funnel launched lemons...
capitalize and build on commonality...relationship building...sales 101
Always buildin walls instead of bridges. Trust me, it's not a good thing.
It is way too damn early to be awake.
The bulls game was fucking sick last night, CJ Watson
By the way, there is no one I support more than Nate Silver. Well done bro. (:
Welcome to Darlina, she will be at Mood Thurs to Sat - call to book your appointment 5507005
yo everybody follow this dude
.5 Mile Swim at lunch means I managed to fit an entire sprint triathlon into my day today - stoked!
Anyway that article was shit.
praying for ya kid!
They might get better production with just Beck
Finally an evening/night just by myself at home!! AAAAAAhhhhhh, I can't wait to just be for once & to recharge my batteries!! :D
It's literally 80 degrees and sunny in LA right now. Man I love this city.
I just wish for once the Twins would sign a proven player rather than a guy that needs like 12 things to go his way and MAYBE he pans out.
i need food!!!!! lmao
Judge concludes charge-specific instructions, now explaining deliberation rules.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ! RT : ...Everyone please wish him a happy birthday….
I've been waiting about forever for some new MS. Maybe a U.S. Tour soon?
builds their TV's with cheap Mexican labor but won't stand behind their workmanship, shame on you.
Good luck!
Probably fair to say that it works the other way as well.
The ladies of #girlspintout are lookin' good!
We have obtained complaints and critiques about this but they are irrelevant and should stop.
This site in production is starting to really come alive! :)
Little known personal fact - Oprah Winfrey was my commencement speaker.
Thx, our VP of marketing is in touch.
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS ON THE WEB: HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
I find it so funny when people contradict themselves. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Strange to hear G. Clooney claim land-rights through Hawaiian blood in The Descendants. I bet this doesn't quite work for Native Hawaiians
#OpenAir drug dealing in
Here comes the snow it will keep my 6 plows busy YEA
"I think that beez means b 1tch*s and beez in the trap means b 1tch*s in the crack house."
Last 5 articles: More strip clubs, Brewers are OK, too many potholes, famous people hook up, UWM should quit sports. He could run for office
"I'm very important, I have many leather bound books." Anchorman 2 gets the green light! Cue the flute playing.
a success! I got lots of positive feedback, they were astonished by the little facts I discovered. now hiking. beautiful.
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
So confused..
im so sorry
No one cares about basketball
I love your photo's
tried to unlock my front door for 5 minutes with my car key
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we count ourselves among them
O - Fair by on Spotify. Makes me crave Garden State.
i mean
That's where we got the gas station advice from some very happy -- and toasted -- rednecks.
please follow me OZZTINN (:
Snow Snow go away OKC Party Bus wants to play!
I took 7 Yellow jacket wasp stings this morning. MUCH better than cleaning Lovebugs off of cars..yuck!!!
Looking forward to it!
I like to shake the magic 8 ball until it gives me the answer I want.
And my pain killers are wearin off and my back hurts like fuck. It's time to go home.
Is Lamar Donuts open?
Shout out to << follow her pretty ass
i would walk through the desert i would walk down the aisle i would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
Why did no one tell me #snoop was coming to town?!
When your boyfriend is your best friend >>>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
you guys are awesome!
its a great place. We might have the opportunity to film from a boat. Should be interesting!!
sorry caps volume up, o's volume down
Watching America's Got Talents. (': These people are so weird putting hooks and swords and shit in their mouth..
The key is to plug the mac charger into your shoes each night before you leave the house. It allows you to never stop.
Fact-checking the #GOP debate? You'll have to fact-check EVERYTHING they say! Hire move "checkers"...
that's what I'm saying..I miss you!
Great article! I straddle both everyday.
is this true lol
Definitely. I'll keep an eye out. Good to know though. Again, thanks a ton.
One direction is coming to the Woodlands. Better believe I'm going.
I love that you use #oomf!! It's so mysterious :)
#WWE Awesome that Daniel Bryan won the #MITB - I just pray they don't make him the 1st to cash in and lose.
lol. You looked drunk
FoLT has a roving EMT available to tend festival bumps and bruises.
Im Lovin Life #RT if you feel the same
*Watching DVRed #Letterman* I'm so happy to see him trying so many silly new things. Very, very cool.
Thank you! RT : Happy birthday love
Hey & #rockcenter thank you for the stupidest story of all time a stupid French person his unicycle & his commute
Is your website fully accessible for people with low or no vision? Contact us today to optimize your website. Email:
Enjoying being a professional man of leisure. Halladay to the Phils = Championship
Tonight did not go as planned
If a ceiling fan is on, i find it absolutley necessary to follow a single blade around & around for like ever .
Note to self: create encrypted "Eli" folder when I get home.
poolside for an hour felt good. now to get dinner going. what's everyone having?
why not? Hallmark and other card companies do!
hey guys i believe we've been having some problems with our checkout service. if you haven't received your order yet please email us.
#dailyfeedback Songs about fears - Dan Hicks David Bowie
what a blessing to to play surrounded by women of faith like you. May God continue to bless you
Right now I am reading Mindwalks by Mary H. Frakes which is a book on walking meditation.
Awesome! Is that where you live? We'll find a store nearby that has cases for Dover!
Hey not even a sprained ankle could stop me from seeing & pierce the veil <3
good job keep the good work up
Thanks for a great how!
Make sure to follow back
Actually it does-Read the sign further-it's N support 4 #OWS Oakland & brutality police committed against peaceful protesters
he had two sessions this evening... apparently tonight he's decided to be a kitten again
Watched Mad Money last night, during your commentary you said ishkabibel. Where did you get that word, and what does it mean?
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad that finally ditched that fakeass Banderas guy. But "Feel The Mexcellence"?
We are super excited to lauch this new business!!!! It going to be great!!!
Oh no! why is it forbidden?? am i exclusive? ;) lol
#20thingsaboutme I'm very jealous
After having this account for over a year, I've finally mashed together a bio that doesn't make me wince.
I don't know what beat ur talkin bout
school stresses me out too much, I guess
#runfentyrun FB page at 4,444! Will it hit 5000 today? #Ed Reform needs this champion. "Children first" -- easy to say, took courage to do.
My superpower is always picking a shopping cart with the one fucked-up wheel.
You are kidding yourself if you think you can isolate the bitterness you have towards one person & it not effect your other relationships.
A cloudy day in LA town.
This rain is killing my nightly jog session. smh
are there plans for a PAM impromptu dinner this evening? Last year I think we did.
No work is insignificant. All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.”
Don't forget Cleveland and Columbus on the 22nd and 23rd. A lot of us are making the drive for both shows! Exciting!
BAD ASS OF THE DAY GOES TO YOU!!!! Thank you for the Starbucks LOVE!!!! Made my day!
this coffee tastes like feet...
is my new page follow :) it's awesome!
Remember, Sosa sprinted out to position pre-game. Basically every at-bat for 2-3 year stretch got everyone at Wrigley standing. HUGE star.
praying all men stand up to their father duties!
Happy B-day Jkrak!
the is invalid, if, for some reason you're interested in my life, follow me here.
It is most annoying being the guy who always tries to make plans/invite others, when those others really don't reciprocate… ever.
Gonna have to sign off! Thanks and for another great chat. I Learn a lot each week.
its a must see
My enchilada lasagna is AMAZEBALLS. Wine, dinner, #OnceUponATime finale. Excellent Sunday night.
Why was the horse all charged up?It ate some haywire!
Not tweeting??? That sounds foreign to me.
RT if you would date me
#CodyIsOurValentine hey thats my name !!! :D
Over 10k people expected to turn out to fallen Officer Peter Figoski's funeral here in Babylon. I'll be covering the event live..
Thanks for all the #FF. I appreciate all of you guys. Thanks again!
Thanks. Running with a group makes it a lot easier.
#Calvin #quote: As my artist<U+FFFD>s statement explains, my work is utterly incomprehensible and is therefore full of deep significance.
St Pattys day could be my favorite holiday.... Its a Chicago thing
I don't think you understand the awesomeness of your predicament.
The Baltimore Media Orchestra will be in in concert April 29th at Morgan State University!
Am I the only Howard person who misses that weekend Brunch in the cafe!!! Quick use to kill those Omlettes
Follow & co journey down to Atlanta for the big #Packers v #Falcons game, will be leaving from MKE and road-tripping to ATL!
You did it! We're so proud of you. Just you wait, you'll be running TweetDeck like a pro in no time.
No kiddin! RT : I love you, but did you really have to put the Skins game on Thanksgiving????
laughed and laughed. loved when you shared this has never happened. we luv ya buddy....
English sol.
Loved PENETRATING THE SPACE ! is powerful! Congrats dir. ! Can't wait to see 's CALLOUS CAD!
good man I'm good thank the Lord
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin ready for a great game!!! Here we go, here we go, here we go...
I love my life, who I've become, the things I've experienced, and the REAL friends i have.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I don't think I could count that high. Wait, it's a countDOWN, so I don't think I can count that low. Now I'm confused
I'm sick of feeling
My dog DIXIE just taught: the hungrier she gets, the more obedient she becomes. I would have to say, that many wars have been won this way.
Oh no, the end of the world must really be happening. RT 3.1 earthquake Hawaii, 4.8 Solomon Islands in past hour.
ryan how do you deal? i would've been gay for him if i was you
Very cool! We're happy to send to you so you can personally deliver. Otherwise, will send straight to them on your behalf. :)
Or these..
I know right ! I'm disappointed ! :(
can I do it a little later or will it make a difference?
Bout to smash some biscuits and gravy at the work place
Mr. Kolb about to get the mean back hand. He dumb as FUCK if he think I'm about to do this all over again!
I've been busy writing bonds. Did the Tigers win?
Will be attending the #DowntownMelb Art Fesitval this weekend... If you're in #Orlando, this is def. an event to attend.
you coming back to play for #NYJ ? We want you back
Proud of your heritage?? Tomorrow starts the #Proud(InsertHeritage)American hashtag campaign!
Good question. With Hamid hurt, I don't know if we would be able to do an injury replacement. Of course it wouldnt be Kempin
We really appreciate the beta testing, David! If you follow us, we have a gift for you.
Twitter tells me that doesn't exist. How about 4 #FF? Much appreciated!
As it stands, I have 3 shoots scheduled for this weekend. This should be interesting...
Check CBS 19 news tonight at 5 for coverage of the re-opening of cVillain!
a lil... But your not so normal yourself Shawnelius
Ahahaha when did this start
That bird knows what's up. We all go a little crazy for sushi sometimes... :)
Buy a home tomorrow and never make a payment
Hell 2 the yea!!! Thats why play im playn extra slow rite now, tryn 2 enjoy evry moment of it lol. ; p.
would love to see Rock lay the smackdown on
Rush Custom Plastic Business Cards at NYC Printing 123. Fastest High Quality Professional Plastic Business Cards. Call now for more...
I am now following ! Thanks for the follow!
Will they also include Grade Forgiveness? so many underappreciated 1.5 gpa students are having trouble getting jobs
That's a comedy video waiting to happen
Absolutely outstanding documentary
Thanks for the MT! Let me know if you need an extra pair of hands/car with your move, too.
not the thermometer--for a couple more days at least. Happy Saturday!
Instant tornado damage in Dallas/DFW flipping Cars/Tractor trailers. Careful on the roads, take tornado precautions. Be safe guys!!
filmmakers are the journalist today :-(
A Rio Rancho girl, 13, didn't come home one day; said a man with a gun kidnapped and raped her and let her go. No DNA matches. No suspects.
why am i awake..
I'm not whining cuz I'm not complaining. Just pointing out the flaws in your tweet. If I've drawn a wrong conclusion, debunk it.
Just googled "<td> cell padding" - sad on so many levels
140 characters is not enough to express exactly how I feel about you.
Be sure to follow and for all the action updates today from the Edward Jones Dome!
Hey Milwaukee peeps, What are your favorite Madison places? Look for us in the Madison area soon!
alright! sounds good :)
My girls are rad. As one of them, you're always welcome!
Country must be country wide
So apparently, we're getting a Panera Bread in my little boondocks
Before Drake started saying YOLO, did you all think you could live twice or some shit?
3/29- Parent meeting @ 7 @ Federation - last minute details - spread the word!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 73F MOSTLY CLOUDY
...the leader lets others know how much they mean to the organization." - Kouzes & Posner, The Leadership Challenge
Why do I get so nervous everytime I see you...
Watching NY Fashion Week clips on YouTube. So excited to work in fashion.
I was called Sonny Moore all through high school. I had no friends. Hahah
We do need to know all the facts Stephen A. but anytime an unarmed person is shot something is eff'd up!
Okay i'm on my way .
Hey has anyone heard rumors of Usher being killed in a car accident? A friend txt me an I googled it some are saying yes an some say no??
Kickin it here at the Alamo Dome watchin the Cowboys practice, with the family and
Nearly midnight on a busy but fruitful day. Time for bed. Good night soft dreams may your slumber leave you rested and well for your day
where a rock under another rock...wow!!!
wonder if it's at redbox, since it looks like it's not on netflix.
Noo! Haha luckily, insist towards the back so I turned to my friend and covered my face! Lol
One final spot open tomorrow with Hilary before she moves to Cali! @ 5:30 or 5:45 for a men's or women's cut, who's it gonna go to!?
This place where you are right now, God circled on a map for you. ~ Hafiz
Forget rosy cheeks! I am officially a Tom-AH-to!! :(
I miss you to (:
When deciding on a studio or designer make sure they are someone you feel comfortable working with...
Tonight tonight tonight! Ooooohhh!
Library website in top 5 of applications students value most. From ECAR Study of Undergrad 2011
have a great monday...
Congrats to - the winner of our first #giveaway! Hope you enjoy Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close as much as we did...
“: Lol at Matrix on #futurefood, that's amazing. Makes me think of Plankton's computer wife on Spongebob hahaha”
Who cares. Michael more than made up for it.
Principal Camper says the best thing about Pittsburgh public school is the access to the Pittsburgh promise and how that you cant
Seriously like negative degrees in,my school
it's ok! We'll see you in 2012! Thanks for your support!
?OTD - What are you doing to fulfill your destiny?
#CashingOut song coming down low key. "Got a condo on my wrist, girl I'm cashing out".
you made me giggle today. Can't believe I'm moving back to Austin in August! Ugh.
I hope you feel better soon love! (:
If I didn't care then I wouldn't be crying
stay classy
He needed that one! Good shit Robbie!!
In the future all medicine will be delivered by balm
We just got word JT is releasing a Big #NBA play shortly and is working on the writeup right NOW! Should be up & our shortly!
not watching then...
After this performance, I guarantee #Griner declares for the #NBADraft, she doesn't need anymore experience
We're loving coverage of the Can't wait to see it in person tomorrow!
You can put in search engine just about any topic with Webinar and there is one for everything. Glad Genealogy is too!
Take me in the bathroom Take my clothes off Make love to me up against a dirty wall ;<3
The mother of a blind 18 mo.old boy made a YouTube video about him, said he was beautiful inside & out. I agree. Someone tweeted "she...
I am willing to donate some of mine! It's a bit out of control.
What's this stupid "Default Profile" head in the top right corner of ?? is just fucking out of control.
After my sister leave LA Imma hit tha D...Smh. Tha gurl go & come as she plz so don't ask me what date.lol.
so theres a tweet deck .com >?
Super-successful #photography opening last night ! 100+ people. So great to see there!
I agree Theresa, it is something about the salt in the air. I just love it! It helps me get centered. Have a great day!
When my daughter is sick it's like watching Meryl Streep, but if Meryl Streep were a puppy, in the rain, really trying to show it's sick.
Let us know what you think as you use it more.
Just sent you mine about my dog Dash!
Thanks! are you apart of EN?
jtown area tomorrow?
most useful frameworks outside of jQuery, e.g. mustache, backbone, etc.
Love your new avatar. Work it, pretty lady!
Their play list kind of killed them. Sometimes they would play old hits, other times they would play ish you never heard of...
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -Babe Ruth
RT : Who has Allergies? Plz follow for upcoming coupons & giveaways for Allergy Master & Nasal Sanitizer!
Oh hot dawn, Becky got a jam, sharing it with the people of the land
hope everybody's OK. Just hitting east. Kirby 385. Will American Idle be shown from beginning?
Didn't get to celebrate 4/20 oh well there's always next year
JUST CAN'T WORRY ABOUT iT OR YOU!!!!
It's interesting to think that now I'm getting ready for work and a couple nights ago I was eating drunk tacos at this exact time...
Right? Always took me forever to find the right page.
Lol she funny and she just got it all figured out
Yes indeed!
RT I want short hair this summer!!!!//woot woot!! Cut it off!!
good times with best friends!
well thanks!!
When the person you like complements you >>>>>>>>>
as soon as possible, since his birthday is tomorrow! i know it's short notice :P
you guys have too much merchandise,it's tempting to buy it all &my mom hates it lol
Dear sleep, i know we have problems when i was young but now i love you!
- Great! Super thanks! Talk soon!
PUTTING THAT GREAT MUSIC OUT THERE, YOU REVERB ARTIST ARE ROCKIN ! PEACE AND LOVE----- YOU ROCK !
I miss my family :-(
yeah man I remember. I need a simple crown done. I don't have much money though.
Nothing wrong with that haha :)
GM my twitter and Facebook friends I have a book coming out next month please read it u r going to love it ,it is a page turner
Hella bandz and loud im on my money doing drugs shit
mgr Yost after game "we don't need to change anything we just need to keep plugging away." Really!? Its not workin, change somethin!
yes, pão de queijo is amazing. And it's even better in Brazil. :)
Just tapped, Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA (replaces Boarhead Barley Wine)
President Obama has a global perspective--his sesitivity is our greatest strength in getting the global cooperation America and World need.
Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities. -Oprah
Sounds like an awesome story you're working on...best of luck and stay safe!
Looking forward to BUS STOP tonite! Stay tuned to see my reactions as I tweet live during the show
We're giving away a #Minkoff4mark bag each day this week! RT/Follow to enter
how in the world am i suppose to know when someones on?
Where is my iphone update???? C'mon Apple!
Attended my first news meeting this morning since olden times I love what I do.
Me too. It really didn't sound like fireworks to me. Very low and rumbly. It's just a guess they had something old school.
like really lol
Mature ladies know how to do stuff!
as in the line of good taste!
Happy Christmas
how many advils can you take before the blurriness sets in?
some days i wanna ride through the mall, on a baby alpaca throwng waterballoons at people! consider that payback!
Are their other headings alliterative as well?
I Bee Apart Of Mahonie Army <3
BMSPF BUZZ CONTINUES~HALF DAY TRADING TOMORROW~GAINS CONTINUE
Dipped into a Law & Order SVU marathon while at the gym. Got my heart rate up, but mood stayed low.
My hotel room in Seattle is so small... I was able to sleep in bed and shower at the same time.
Theme for the conference: Because I Love Someone with Food Allergies.
Hey guys :)
Tons o' auditions lately!
I Got A Shot Waitin For U Bro
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! TIME TO GET CRUNK & DRUNK!! LET THE GAMES BEGIN!!
I'm SO excited for Warped 2012. Get to see , , and so many more bands. I can't even describe my love.
Ok. Have a good night, that you dream with ;-)
Late to tune into Cotton Bowl...in JerryWorld? Call me old school but that's just not right.
Wait... How did THAT happen?
my birthdayis in five mins if u got a #shot take one with me
Get your New Years Eve 2012 @ The Docks tickets quick! 419-410-6769 NewYearsEveToledo.com
Preseason Prediction: wins Cy Young.
Don't miss out on your chance to win a Kindle Fire - make sure to stop by Booth 1017 before you leave #PLA2012!
Thank you for the shoutout and RT to your followers! I hope you are having a fabulous day!
Thank you. RT Happy Mothers Day!
we hit in about an hour. Don't go away,
But I did a lot of boxing and I was captain of an Australian surf club. Rod Taylor
A Google search for "Webster" returns 6.8 million hits...
Bored on the dance floor tonight? Pretend the little red laser lights belong to a thousand snipers.
Never should have come inland, bro.
Today is what I have so today I will make amazing!
It does! But post to Facebook!
Yeah that song is pretty killer. Been on my mind a lot lately.
Spring break= brunch and bloodies everyday.
Thinks that extended collective licensing could work for orphan works, but not sure how.
...but for typing TRAINING, auto-correct is poison.
Awesome! joins , will be sending stories out into the darkness.
That would be my tattoo I'm getting this summer.
I have been like, the retweet king lately lol.
I've got my spine, I've got my orange crush
I am convinced that #society is regressing towards retardation everyday they listen to simpler and simpler artist/songs. Next #spongebob rap
All these berries I been eatin >>>
A man came to my door and asked if i could donate to the local seimming pool, suree i came back with a cup of water.
YES DAN WHEELER EAT SHIT
oh it's up there AND out there
Working on our next project. Stay tuned.
So did T.Green play some of my stuff 4 u
Both! Wouldn't mind trying out Crysis too. Tools are awesome these days.
Check out my new song "My Ohio" off my upcoming EP!!! Thanks to everyone who made it out this past Sunday to Bottle Rock:)
Thanks, love. Now follow me! xoxo
i miss you too hun !! RT : I miss
yeah loser
Hehe I'm not messing with Kristen
Congrats ! you deserved it :-)
RT : Whenever I listen to Jodeci I want to put on a linen capri set, black boots, and stomp my right foot.
Now Following LOVE IT!!!!
Quiet, snowy morning. Thin layer of ice and snow covering Heavy grey/white sky. More to come?
It's alright, no worries!
It is the birthday of Charlotte Bronte, author of Jane Eyre.
NO! My baby is gettin hailed on right now :( and the power just went on and off in the fieldhouse haha.
please notice me!!! please 6
red wire: right temple / black wire: left temple / red wire: right temple / black wire: left temple
I wonder what she's doing right now
Dogs chase bones. Men want curves.
I'll marry, and eat the prime of the pot, and sit down first. - Spanish Proverb
On the way to kings island
I'd like to try to see you break my jaw. You're nothing but a jealous little prick.
Soo, i think Facebook will fall behind twitter and instagram in a couple months. Nobdy likes fb, lmao
as the most dominant football player in north american history...i am all for this
You read my mind!
Noticing similarities with ALA Council and UU District Assembly..and philanthropic giving; not as many younger people/my age. More boomers.
“: lady what's Good?” hey guy! I'm good, can't complain
or cooking room or food room
man youll aint fat especially u
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;;
Vinatieri goes into hall of fame as Patriot or Colt?
Ok you lit a fire under my ass.Is the#for the Dpt. of Biological Sciences ok or does it need to be an individual?
So want to do this RT A4. Christmas in Ireland, twice!
This message is sponsored by the incongruity of twittering from a cell phone in an Amish market. Is this rude?
Nice one!
what time you thinking?
so glad you dint say that out loud :L
Thanks for taking a listen and we're glad you like the tunes!!
Im not likely going, pretty sure I shld get some work done. which is a big "boo" cuz i want to check 's new space!
SF Parks and Rec is now requiring a permit at some fields of you want lights. Whys up with that?
Community remembers Nathan Beck, celebrates teen's life with memorial event - Gaston Gazette
Born after 1981 have less requirement for privacy…not sure that is true anymore #backlash #loctrack balance game of convenience vs privacy
are you still in jax?
Studying ALL night. Fun times
To avoid becoming an identity theft victim, here are smoe tips. Shred all personal documents and or call A1 Shredding (832)545-3949. .
Can you please make the rain stop! We have racing to watch before the #Oscars! Come on!
you will never get this lalala
Yes you both are beautiful. Aw sounds like you had fun :) I remember her In Bridge to Teribithia haha.
get another drink bitch.
Thanks Joey! We're gonna do some more acoustic stuff soon!
Customers not qualified to kno what solutions r best, thats the job of the organization (Ulwick) #consumer-led insights only for direction.
I love hoaxes. Which one?
follow me back plz
Your 4 year old improving your conversation?
Just got to Amnesia! Last night in Miami!
« « Glad the Heat lost»» Haters! Y'all #LakersNutkissers are always tryna throw salt on us #HeatNation BABY!!!!
Amazing what having a desk and my own space again does for being able to focus!
is the boss
if i break this case i cant get a new one! t(-_-)t
Thanks for still caring.
uploaded in vain. sad.
I believe, I miss our little support group we had going on in the spring. We should all go on a date.
shout out to best cuzin everr!!!
I cannot wait to see it! I hear that gets a lot of shoutouts.
Thanks and dhairstudio1 for your patience today!! And Douglas coined the phrase "ebony and ivory tag team" #CFYoga! Ha!
little kids are just little Fucks
im on that JUICE
I'd love to do either an interview or feature! Whichever you prefer. That would be awesome!
#music101 Support those that support you.
Maybe I should get ready for work now
Remote Conductor now has full Windows support! Conductor Server for Windows 1.0 is now released!
Despite the weather, we always make it shine just a little brighter.
Finally in Miami!!! And had 2 amazing gay guys that sat with me on the plane made the flight so much better!
RT If this was church, Josh would have had at least 3 hankies & 1 shoe thrown at him
is kicking serious butt right now!
Have to agree. I try to avoid being included in that generalization.
what did they talk about?
Do you still get the health benefits of veggies if they're fried?
New York primary mitt wins but democracy loses - only 7 ppl vote.
Campaigning can get stressful! Come in for an #adjustment to make sure you are on your game!
Apparently it's this thing that some people actually believe. What's that like?! #ignoranceatit'sfinest
:-) thank u please keep my family in prayer my gram passed away
And the rain starts to fall here in Raleigh just as UNC looses to UK! Perfect!
someone I follow ended up with an extra account, so tyhey
haha Wsup darkness wuz good with that fried chicken grease for yo hair?
Heard a conference presentation on 1920s turbans, told the speaker she and the were kindred spirits.
I miss you too. How have you been? Have you seen my XFactor audition? Will you be out here in June?
#cruise #agents RT : Don't allow your week to HAPPEN - take charge and PLAN the results you want!
According to the Northeast Fisheries Science Center any fish specie landed and sold in New England is Sustainable
He really resembles me! ... turtle buddies for life yo
are you still leaving?
so pretty :)
“Yesterday determines today, and today helps determine tomorrow.”
Don't just Chase your Dreams, Catch them...
I sent if before it was over! ... It's 12:02 here sir
No - completely booked until close to 4pm. Call me then.
Espanola Valley/Rio Arriba County EMT crews are posted on west end of Los Alamos, having helped evac hospital patients yesterday.
aw Gia is the badest (sexiest) girl is the bad girls club then Elease
It Feels Like Heaven When We Off In The Room Together >>>>
great article
Listening to #amaramius webcast on building online communities, trying to skate where the puck is going.
lol..Colorado? Why?
Yeah..most of them dont even know what this argument is about..they are just tweeting me for the hell of it
I'm a writer, too. I have a romantic comedy out now, Little Miss Lovesick. But I'm reading FOUR books right now, too! LOL!
i want food. but i'm lazy.
big huge congratulations on the gig!!! cheers :-) [oops, I misspelled your twitter handle earlier, so trying this again]
Ohh Ok love you :*
I had a Webisode ya know broadcasting our content online...haha
Children learn as they play. Most importantly, in #play children learn how to learn. ~O. Fred Donaldson
8 week diet & exercise program completed. 27lbs. lighter, 4 inches off waist, 5% body fat lost. Ready for trip to #Japan and #Korea in Oct.
I'm skeptical too, but based on how MacRuby works (directly w/Cocoa objects) it could be viable.
okay I will
During your lifetime, you'll eat about 60,000 pounds of food. That's the weight of about 6 elephants. Hungry?
If you can't hold a conversation, I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
FishBowl Radio Network Shelly Alexis Ballard What dead celebrity would you want to smell like?
Sbk Does have some kind of chip on his shoulder, Fat and smokes to much LOL, U ever met hIm?
~ Thanks for the follow!
Fare enough :)
Follow NOW
O_o RT : Hey ..tell yo Wife she can stay at my house til this shit blows over! :)
Has to pack tonight. Trip for April: New Orleans :)
Hibbert at G-Town could barely run up the court.
It's so aggravating. I have no idea the historical reason for it.
Well, There's A Lot :P But I Can't Just Chose 1 :P Right Now It's SNSD, U-Kiss <3 And 4Minute :) They're All Amazing :)
3 days until tickets go on sale for WARPED TOUR! Who are we gonna see on tour?!?!
I love love her red hair ariana Grande <U+2665>
is playing in Jackson MS right now at the Old Tavern on George St. Opening up with Red Baron! COME OUT POST JUBILEE JAM AND FUNK IT UP!!
thts true also..
Great final launch for Discovery a few mins ago. Almost got scrapped due to computer issue. Hope crew has safe flight.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm dreading rehearsal tomorrow. My director is. an. idiot. I swear.
#NeverThirst what are you doing to quench the thirst of your community through Christ who strengthens you?
and their body fitting suit. Ahh, I feel like a child molester.
#YoureGoodInMyBook cuz' you're smiling like an angel
experiencing lack of connectivity for multiple days to mspl4, can we get an update? No online live support available… ever.
follow back.
I am kissing fear, discouragement, and dispair goodbye. "For the Lord God will help Me; therefore I will not be disgraced." Isaiah 50:7 EY..
NEWS BULLETIN: Durian is the most disgusting fruit/flavor on Earth. Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY FROM THAT SHIT.
Oh your skyping him? thats cool. good for you.
its getting me so annoyed that scooter or kenny cant even tweet dana a happy birthday
#dcmetro train driver should be a radio announcer! Not only can I understand him but he sounds awesome and very informative.
Goodnight Sam . Sweet dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#ilookforward to making it to one day. <U+26A1>
#Patriots fever. The only prescription is football and/or beer!
hey can u check ur DM i sent u some questions for an interview
No way. I can't believe the Nashville chamber wants wages so low. Can the state budget can accommodate more people on SNAP?
Thanks so much for posting, Gerald!! Blessings..
Being here is so awkward.. I wish I was home..
Just dropped a few stacks at the hello kitty store and game trader
It's the most amazing look... next to #KUBOOBS. Very PSychedlic.
cant wait for to come visit
If you were a flower...what kind would you be? Orchid? Rose? Tulip?
seeing her happy>>
First time clients come and get color done by our newest addition to the SBS crew, Rachael, and get 30% off! Spread the word!
:-) prolly not who one might expect actually!
#Seriously There's always a reason to smile....find it . . .
here's what I think should happen, #LouiscallLyssa :)
nahh mine is .
you are always hungry lol
i cant handle this!!!!
this teacher is inspired by his resilient students and by the solidarity he finds in #occupy movement. Love hearing from alumni
Yes. How bout some examples #fem2 historian? The ladies are often afraid of disagreement: structure for healthy convo helps
Suck my Dragon Balls, bitch call me Goku!
Did you hear about antiques + home decor show @ Old Trail Clubhouse this wknd? A friend is one of dealers. 9-4 Sat,11-4 Sun
Waiting to see Dan Savage! #Ala11 has begun!
Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
thanks for pinning the project on pinterest! :)
yeah! I have a ton of fun on my chorus trips! And it sound like this one will be awesome too!
Stop Hating on our Page
I've gotten five calls this morning from people asking if "I still have the paint." is there some new lingo I don't know about?
Just did week 6, day 1 of #c25k with !
There are good times and not so good times for doing certain things
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> my mom falls into DEEP sleeps and wakes up every two minutes. that medicine got her
I know the coach of Skyline's track team who also coaches a youth team...
Leaving on a jet plane. Thanks Seattle, Portland, . See you real soon!
Had resident complaints on music. Karen & working to get proper zoning appeal so music continues
lol o okay got ya love! whats new with u?
lmfao, who's ya cousin xD??
Are you going to WPPI? Please visit our friends during the trade show. They will be demonstrating Version 9.1 in all of its awesomeness!
If you wasn't born with it, then it wasn't meant for you to be...
What im sayin is Dnt go Broke tryna look like Everybody else! lmao
if your name begins with abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxzy go follow she's a really big
I wanna go lay down with my cousin but I don't want to bother her.
Pussy ass bitch!
The British pronunciation of the word "boogie" is vastly superior to the American.
Our #1 bestseller Psychic Intelligence will launch in China in 2013! Hope you like it! xx
Yo, thanks for following! Your uncle made you do it huh?
sweet! U will LOVE
WE HAVE A WINNER! Thanks all the ladies who did Amateur Contest! Another $500 up for grabs next week....
It's #Derby Day! We have a lot going on today including a hat contest & if you sign up for our Players Club you get a Derby mug!
Romney's wife "I don't consider myself wealthy." Really? Well give it to me - I'll surely consider myself wealthy & give my first 10 2 God
Bought a new toy, cruising 2nite !
We know that the ghosts that haunt Johnston Hall will root for at 9:17pm! Watch the game with $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
it's hard being so youthful!
So many hot girls! And thier mommas!!;)
has been watching the moon and the clouds doing a series of intricate dances for the past five hours.
lol wow i guess a lot of people are watching beauty and the beast lol xD
playing the wii :) who wanna play
They actually have a see-through projection screen in front of them. Weirdest stage set ever.
I love your tweets! Wish you were here with me though!
found out
Audition for SAG National Comm on Tuesday.
Which mediocre American sitcoms? We have so many.
Wishing I had wings from Great Seas and that was here.
Sorry, Anthology took it this year. Great cover though!
I can be a little naive sometimes, I just figured since they gave a lifeline they would extend to too.
I just set the DVR for #RichardHammond's Crash Course on
Not feeling school soo much blahh:P But ohh well! Hopefully the week goes by fast!!xD Time to blast some music and head to school!! ^__^
stand by those who stand by you.<3
thanks much!
will begin 20 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
"If your presence didn't make an impact, your absence won't make a difference"
I'd watch those Oscars!“: Okay, already. I'll produce the Oscars. But only if I can have host. #gayestoscarsever”
Thank you god for letting me get up this morning.. # YOLO
isn't Siku charming? We love the aquarium
The awkward moment when ur playin katelyn in draw somthin and she has to draw eminem and thinks eminem is the the thing that nemo lives in..
Allen, have a great day bud, we are following back.
Winkies make her kinky ;)
Very interesting writers and authors on twitter. Nice!
Join us for trivia tonight at 9:30pm for a chance to win some cash for the holidays and complimentary adult beverages
I finally got my double bubble bubble gum :) I was too press
Yafeh nefesh -- learn about this term today at 1 pm Public radio listeners: A lifelong love of learning
Good morning ^_^
wtf am i supposed to text you back?!!
Rock Room Winchester Virginia by Phil Zuckerman passing the music on to the kids >> www.rockroomwinchester.com
thank you I need it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
its all good, its just better for me right now
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most
California Burrito King > Chipotle If you have not been, check it out. Normandie / 3rd
You can move like that , I can move like this ... = MY JAM <3
Thanks for the RTs and shoutouts
Hieber’s Pharmacy compounds effective medications for Fibromyalgia and Myofascial Pain – call if your treatment isn’t working!
Who needs the NBA? Cats by 15
Up and about to get straight to work. Music and money to be made.afternoon beautiful people
Positivity begets positivity. And i positively want a lot of positive income.
2012 will be the return of the Alpha Man! Ladies prepare yourselves lol
All I can think about is summer.
cant wait to see, you
Google execs highlight speakers at Acceller Summit 2012
So many bots following Twitter chats these days!
1. the sun is still out. 2. listening to adele. 3. heading to choir practice. all good things :)
Hey! I agree -- singly is thinking expansively - Curious to see how well it resonates. Things are good! Ps can't reply by dm
Gonna munch on this shrimp <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4>
Lol we got out on da police so smooth lol.
I'll take it! “: We have been saving up hours for four years and look what we got!!!! an extra DAY! oh. ok. um... thanks?”
OMG ME TOO, like ah! They are both gorgeous!
What's up your butt...?
Slappin my bro music
When u try me
It's Woof Wednesday so don't forget to pick up your food, toys, and Halloween costumes today! See ya soon.
I haven't but it made my day! Thank you for sharing! Teamwork, teamwork!
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. - Bertrand Russell
Kid can't even read.
How come most women can't understand this? SMH
All these guys named Barry calling in, who knew?? I thought it was just me, Barry White and Barry Bonds.
Somebody bet on the bay? -- Jason L. Sparks ()
Ty Lawson is a BEAST!!!
Sounds familiar: MT create competition among mps to provide more info :
So inspired by some of the best marketers in the business. How can it help my tiny company of 50 customers?
Decline West needs to be that spark
Don't feel well :(
I need sleep
Thanks. I agree. Wish I could have made it to Artwalk but had a meeting to attend as a judge for a video contest.
how that burrito shape haircut come out ? Does it look like #chipotle? R u walking around w a napkin, knife, fork? Wondering y
I can't fight for you. I can only fight with you.
OMG Dick Clark Died. :-{ New Years will never be the same.
Ha ha you jokester you haha, yea don't worry, you can tease whenever you want, I don't mind, it keeps the convo alive and fun
Dropped my phone in the toilet. Nice.
Great to hear that Much love to you and yours from me and mine.
Who wants to go get ice cream?
I don't think he's weird, his style and metaphors are complex and different but I still think he is one of the best
I don't care about your opinion, I do what I want.
disparaging Obama's "evolving" perspective naively suggests that a process of self reflection & critical analysis is alien to leadership.
Snow emergency plan.....ALL WINTER & FALL MERCHANDISE is 70 % OFF. Parking lot is clear.
It's so easy to find out what the 2011 DHS budget looks like with a simple Google search, and yet my students seem incapable of even that.
lol its a truck
This news = a reminder that I have to renew membership; thanks!
im gonna send you something for your birthday!
After pleasant drinks w/ & C.D. & Sneakz, enjoying Los Buckxz over 50% FG qua competent squad, backcourt exchanging wonderfully.
just a little carbon monoxide poisoning. Remember that oven I rushed home for on Friday? Could have been fixed better
I could really do without this oppresively hot weather.
I was like "WHY DID YOU HAVE TO COMPARE IT TO THAT!?"
Thanks J! When are you hosting your meetup ? cc/
The excitement and anticipation begins ! So many tricks up my sleeves HA :-)
Went to Sweden today. Unfortunately, I did not find any Swedish fish...or supermodels.
Hi Hope, I'm Dean. I tweet science news, atheism, skepticism. I followed you. Oh, tiny typo in your Twitbio; should be "atheist".
I actually am sitting across from right now. Don't know personally, though.
Pens are getting ready for game 6, I'm getting ready for a 9.5 hour day at work. This is cruel.
RT : agreed. Convincing client new is better is a difficult job at best.
Now a resident of Gilbert, AZ. And an intermediate truck driver.
Vinny really needs to see that video !!
Glad to see the sun out! Our gallery's flooded with light now...stop by and visit.
I guess karma does work in crazy ways. Woowww
I don't know: desire to suit alleged group norms seems like an effective evolutionary tactic. Humans aren't v. rational.
Daddy home
": Rihanna, the 80's called, they want their hair back (and that terrible jean cutoff)." LOVE THIS COMMENT SAM. YOU'RE RAD.
Aaahhhhhh retail therapy!
Barnes-y, I'm so excited for you!RT : Congratulations to on inking a professional baseball contract. Best of luck Matt!
I haven't seen it! They cut a ton of my best stuff out bc of space restraints! Hope it reads okay... thanks for tweeting it! xo
Jack Wills on Newbury st. at 3pm (:
The #stagecoach party has already started in the parking lot of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden where people are getting their wristbands.
Rare as true love is, true friendship is still rarer.
TIP: Unable to format\edit pics in Outlook 2010 with Word 2007 installed? FIX: Copy winword.exe from Office12 to Office14!
that's what "moneyball" was all about!
The Marcom Group, I'm an Interactive Designer over there. Just started :)
thanks so much for the compliment & mention this week!
"The Windup Girl" Most interesting, thought provoking scifi I've read in a long time.
Make #exercise part of your child's daily routine!
Heading west for DITA NA 2012. Sorry to be missing Philly Tech Week.
I always misuse idioms--damn idioms! Wait isn't "grammar" spelled with an "ar"?
I got the regular VIP, are you going to the San Jose show? xx
Stop on down to the Scotland yard pub at 9pm tonight and catch Dave McGrath perform #scotlandyardpub roc
Each session will include several exercises
Or a typical high-school classroom for that matter. Colleagues wonder why I spend so much time on phys layout of rm
it can be kind of old fashioned in some ways and not a new fangled sexy skill to have 2/2
Us too! Which pastel color is your favorite to wear?
yeh I was just saying, haha... Don't take it out on her, she doesn't ever even talk about Allstar weekend...
Show them the love. Follow our peeps:
There are some bitchy people at NARA today.
Possible conflict: learning negative things about that which is being celebrated/glorified by museum
At least it's a great pic :)
2 minutes to the press conference regarding Swedish Crown Princess Victoria's possible birth of a child
Going to bed
Oh Jon McLaughlin, how I love thee. I could listen to your beautiful, angelic voice forever.
See what foodie Stephen Silveman has to say about in the May issue of !
I will miss you the mostest
hehe. suck it
Its 80° in NY right now my boy ": This weather bogus as hell!"
Good morning Austin! Ready for the last day of $1 BEER !
I'm sure I'm not the only one to look him up and it said "User Not Found"! Lol
In Atlanta!
I'm a ggood person with a kind heart..
Chalmers baby love him as are point guard
she buy us stuff like polo shirts and shoes we get boo koos of candy and I get like a Axe complete set fragrance and bodywash
...from evening until the next morning.
#2followersthatshoulddate and bcuz you both are amazing and need to create amazing babies.
One of my neighbors walks her cat on a leash & another walks her dog while wearing a coal miner's hat w/ a flash light on it.
Pizza people:Your pizza will be there in 30 minutes. *45 minutes later* No pizza!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Wow fuck the wind blowing my bag off the roof and weed flying everywhere.
doesn't talk about me on facebook....so it's only right I don't mention her on twitter anymore
The list of my most anticipated movies of the summer is done-zo! You'll see it tomorrow. It's like the night before Christmas, huh?!
Great testimony, great sermon, and great music at Andersonville today. Halleluyer.
Shana Tova for everyone ! Have a wonderful new Year full of blessings.
Rendering a minecraft video then re rendering it in hd then uploading it
Dang... my days are all messed up. I didn't bring my gear & I promised to run an errand after work. Next week?
Never had enough money or time to do my own investing, so pulling out of TD Ameritrade is moot. As to Cub games, I've gone to my last.
Can't wait to watch the best pound for pound fighter ever on Saturday
for the record I've never been called out as well. Ha
A good friend and a wonderful author....Join me in following !
videos by the oz: MaLLy &amp; The Sundance Kid - Shine
plotting and planning
Learning python. Never used terminal so much in my life. It's actually kinda fun.
yyooouuu are great!
I want to play! That looks awesome.
message me and let me know if theres something I can help you with ... development-wise -- Al
- I think I decided I could move to Cali after a bowl of cheese and bacon at Super-Rica. Makes life worth living.
And I think I just saw walking up 11th looking gorgeous.
As a rule, it is best to yield to the pitch and let it come to you. But with Moyer, you could wait a lifetime.
Today was a tiering day......
thanks for spreading the news!
I hate how they have me testing so early.. i am NOT a morning person.
How much of an idiot am I for not understanding what you mean by "shipping?"
I have been there and loved it.
Waxing about 8th st se. The place has changed a lot since we were here. Though the fire engines haven't.
Deep discounts at Georgetown's sidewalk French Market. Til tmrw. Just bought cute turquoise ceramic bracelet for $5.
it was after testing i think i was getting a tardy slip and the cheerleading class was in the cafeteria
Just saw XmPie new product tease. Video, plugin for Adobe AE. Interesting idea but looks like vaporware at the moment.
Ah Copa's going to give me my first gray hair! Come on already!
Urinating outside feels naughty, is rewarding.
All this Peyton Manning drama is giving me an ulcer.
Ooh, I have new followers!
oh shush. ha.
Working on my insurance
Great voices need to be heard #makemusic #lovemusic #diamondteam Be heard
One of the funniest lectures I have ever attended!
thanks to you too!
Lol so random is funnyXD voldemart:(loud voice) "I've defeated harry potter..(low voice) doll." LololXD
": When a none factor becomes a problem they lose the none about them"shut the hell up
hey Dylan are you ready for tonight can't wait to see you on teen wolf LOVE. BE AFRAID
Fantastic! This is the photo I've been trying to get for 8 years.
RT : In other countries, people use Facebook to protest their gov't. In US, we use Facebook to protest changes in Facebook.
The purpose of life is to grow into what you desire to become
#TurnToYou is an amazing song, no doubt. #crying. Justin has gone so far now so so far.. :)
Delicious and hilarious!
joe I'm gonna die
Just had a fanatic 1st day shoot for "FRIENDS." Great job cast, crew, and extras! Look forward to day 2.
Patriots suck, brady sucks, lets go clippers!
After this most recent incident, I'm beginning to think that Metta World Peace has some serious character issues.
Just got my passport photos for my Japan trip!
Just getting off work and I'm super tired but I must get my hair done tonight...Dana I'm on my way!!
Megan rocks!!! She is THE most amazing Pilates instructor. Great work out. www.purelypilatescenter.com
We Bought A Zoo is so good! It will never get old :')
would love it if u would taske a pic with in it
#POD12: Seattle Oct 24-28. Pencils & Pixels: 21st Century Practices in Higher Education. CFP will be released in Jan. Proposals due Feb. 23.
Hello there !
Cincy finished strong... Making all their free throws. Make the game easy!!!
Headed to Art Exhibit then my shop. Come by 4 black weekend. 3431 Summer between National & Highland. Call for questions: 901-336-0Mom.
Today in Literary History: On March 28, 1957 Christopher Morley (American journalist and novelist) died.
P&V team on site at #UNICEF for "Empowering:Rural Girls: From Invisibility to Agency. We're also #WebCasting at UNICEF channel on LiveStream
There's someone who cries while you smile, one who suffers while you enjoy & one who's dying while you're living. Appreciate life.
Oh I do too! It's totally back now, haha. Some of my fave new records are sort of 80s throwbacks
You want a LAST chance, really? It's been the "last" chance 5 times already.
I know you were cuz you wanna cuddle with me dontcha hahah:) and we should hangout sometime. And tell roro I said hey
Living in Sacramento is accepting the likelihood that your car will be broken into way too often.
nice one<U+E00E>
pictures??? “: Ouch. Who had fun at #EMEC12 #MPI Rendezvous? Good causes have never been so much fun! #palinka”
i hope so!!! i can't wait to start! :)
hahaha are u kidding me? it was friggin embarrassing and my friend couldn't stop laughing!
Hugs for everyone!! RT : ON OUR WAY!!!! HOLLAAAAA!!
Yes! That's true… hadn't thought of that. Hope all is well Doug!
Impatient for profit, also for Wall Street 2 Money Never Sleeps, but mostly for profit.
if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this <3
There's some really weird homophobic trash talk going on between my neighbors today. Happy Tuesday, humanity.
I think she also lectured a bit on one of my favorite books from that class, Toni Morrison's Beloved. Loved that class.
So stressed, Im like having a breakdown every 5 mins.
Bon Iver - For Emma, For Ever Ago & TV On The Radio - Dear Science
I've already faced the facts that I lost dietbet. so hell, time for a sundae.
Chillin..show was nice
where you think to should be and why??
dolphins are part whale.
Idk ~Blown Away~
days like this make me realize that I have no real understanding of RT etiquette. Not really caring much, actually, because #prismlaunch!
Yeah you're right - I really have no room to complain. I wonder what the windchill is for riding when it's 45 out?
Thank you, !
what advice do u give 2 girls that r really shy 2 talk 2 their crush??
Jamie Dimon WANTS the $2B loss to be the face of this story so that nobody will notice the $100B put at risk
Calling all artists, if you like a challenge then let's Go.! Here are the choices. Make a lamp, drink coasters, or clock.
he didnt pull back to not bunt, he did it to defend himself. i can understand Mills' argument
Iran's naval war games just aren't that intimidating when a U.S. Nimitz Class Carrier is leisurely strolling by.
you two are nuts! see you ladies tonight!!
girl you"re so lucky! thats so cuute :)
That's pretty solid. You go boy.
always got your back bro ! Fam comes first !!
Thx Mayra! I really enjoy the content and value you put into your blog. You curate some of the best content out there!
Everyone, thanks for coming last night. That was very awesome night we had on Friday.
Sometimes we wait too long and we miss our shot. Sometimes we realize the truth when it's already too late
Is Jeff Reed there too?
Top 3rd: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0. Carroll had two on with two outs, but Austin Hays struck out Courtney Hawkins to end the threat.
Congrats to on his first win at CU as head coach.
Smith says first contact with Urban Meyer was on Sunday, Nov. 20.
It was SO great to be a part of #BWELA! Thnx for the amazing opportunity & great experience & ! You are amazing!
I wish there were a way to try out a Kindle Fire at home for a week or two before I decide to buy it.
Wakey wakey.... Audition time and filming
Just woke up from an epic nap. My head still hurts.
Any females with sexy halloween costumes??? I need a few of yall for the video June 2nd in charlotte. MTV MTVJAMS MTV2 FUSE. DM me!
The waters rising! Come check out the new close water views today!
Thanks for the Shoutout. I look for to our getting to know one another :-)
I really can't believe 's social guidelines are that draconian. I'm guessing someone misunderstood something somewhere. (typo fixed)
Got props for ordering a sidecar and actually knowing what's in it
then call me
Going to the hospital.. Ugh..
look for ( Picture Me) in a book store near u soon
How did Cassie make Luke catch on fire like that? What did that guy mean by 'dark magic'?
Life is what you make it. It always has been and always will be..
Thanks CDBABY for thanking all indie artists with your cool promo tools deals!..tweet!
Finally got my mixtape tickets today! So excited
Hi Reuven, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Well guess its time for some Saturday swag RT : ALL MEN'S DENIM BUY 1 GET 1 FREE TODAY AT NEXT (Beachwood)!!!! (Retweet)
they looked high quality and elegant in design. Great job
Lol said she don't know how to gargle water !!!
May 5 is our Cinco de Drinkko! Drinks pouring aaallll night and great food and music. Who's coming?!
It was a sandwich known as a "pepper bacon cheeseburger."
I think I'm coming around to your way of thinking on this:
Senator Richard Lugar has lost in Indiana's Republican primary..... Democrats now frantically searching to replace this lost support (lol)
Do These NBA Big Men Have Sick Handle When Yall Play Exhibition or is it as struggle as in NBA games?
no. That would mean KS makes money for people who never would've received any from ppl who never would've spent it.
Social Cam is like a video version of Instagram - an easy way to share short videos via social networks.
5 horses finished second in the Wood Memorial and won the Kentucky Derby
enjoy the show! Alex & Seth
In soviet russia, work does you! Wait, isn't that the case here, too?
If loving baja fresh is wrong, I don't want to be right.
"A Porch Isn't Dirt": one girl's pressure treated dream and the journey she takes one step at a time.
Oh Calvin, is there anything you won't piss on?
Plans and research are great, but sometimes you just need to jettison all that and get on with creating. Yes, I
The dude says "If you don't come down to the depot and eat some of the dudes food......you may be a sissy! I'm just sayin.
I think it's really important to celebrate Earth day today. I mean, no one celebrated Pluto day and we all know how that turned out...
miss u too!!! Kiss that baby for me!!
Burgers! Baklava! Drinks! Sounds like the combo for the best Thursday night ever!
anyway -- I was outside picking it up and thought of him. Probably will think of him every time chiseling it from the frozen ice.
Early submission deadline is this WEDNESDAY! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
-_- right now
Ok, is 7 followers away from 1,000. He once live tweeted an RNC debate using lyrics from Dark Side of the Moon, so follow him.
Got a facial on my lunch break. Guess what #1 recommendation was from the esthetician...YEP - SUNSCREEN! #Handled www.patrickssunscreen.com
And it suddenly starts pouring down rain?
Huge faith tester tonight in Pensacola. yikes! Tornadoes! On my way to Chik-fil-a to let the storm pass a bit before goin home.
jajajajajajajaja thas what i'm saying. LOL. i'm defending on monday. y con ganas ei! :)
HE LOOKS SO DAMN SEXY
keep in touch!
Be sure to follow to find out the latest news about the March 15-17, 2013, SoCal RWA writer's conference!
thanks! I hope you find it useful.
Apparently my time is up, so says the blocked phone call.
Congrats Bradie Ewing! ATL bound!!! Hear he has a good Center to block for him!!
Starting work on new film/tv project shortly. More info to come...
Nice to see you again, America.
Lets see. Camp started mid February & Plantier visited players in offseason. Maybe its something they could cover in 2 months
yep he is!!
Aw, man! Everybody had cake but me. Pouting now! ;)
I am happy to see that everyone is doing so well they can turn down free advertising for their businesses. Congratulations, everyone!
I told you it wouldn't work!
I had it in my hand then I broke it and threw it in the street
There's nothing like fb tumblr & twitter at the same time
there is something about this man and his screen presence that so many women love.
Bout to play with I am SO fired up!
Pay Attention, stay Excited, Never quit!
are you going to bed yet?
Thanks for following! I'll try and come up with...something.
Heyy sweetie-hope u r doing great!! Take care! Say hi to everyone!!
Mix not sounding great like you want like it to? We can help! Call (678) 653-1883 to find out more about our mixing and mastering services
NOW CASTING: Sexy, HOT, model, sngle girls 2 earn shot at dating a celebrity on a new Prime Time Major network show. Class & VIP
Someone rammed me into the wall at school today. I was so pissed...
Turn <U+E22E> Never turn<U+E22F>-Future
I gotta pay the rent on my bday.. lol fuck that they can wait till tomorrow (:
on a quiet boring New York night like this i just look at your tweets and Laugh till my stomach hurts :] #yourthebest <3
Happy Mother's Day mommy! Hope you have a wonderful day! :) xx
Found another film that might make a man cry. "Moon" (2009) with Sam Rockwell. Thoughts?
I am blind like the mighty oak. - Kelly Bundy
tweeting live from the #OGOpening tomorrow night at 5:30pm. inspiring presentations, conversations, performances & exhibitions
I missed out on a super pooped diaper for mother's Day. Z gave me the afternoon off. Happy Mother's Day to moi ;)
#Reutherlib is open again. Bring on the researchers!
It's crazy how 1 person can ruin your day in seconds...
Lunch time
Lord, Almighty God, I like the word "rehearse" for what I want to do with all your marvelous blessings to me.
Rushed hither and yon from the Zoo to the Free Clinic to a WRUW Exec mtg. Finally home and taking a long walk to calm down.
M'Coul's is the Answer in Greensboro.
Coaches- Tell them what to do instead of what not to do.
I'd be all in. Can't wait to see you guys 8-31 in Cincinnati! 14th row center! Stoked for this show!
Just booked my flight to Hong Kong...now must wait patiently for December 1 to arrive!
Being at a marlins game feels so awesome
I love that story.
Visit (booth 97) and enter to win concert tickets, movie tickets, and so much more!
Merry Christmas Eve! :D
are live tweeting the #GRAMMYs this Sunday night. How cool?!!
ahah yeah. I can't wait for this week to be over
Couldn't agree more with Barneys...Style is expressed in the accessories!
Happy 25th anniversary
Life evolves what intrigued you last year shouldn't this year
In addition to this supposed bullying of a gay kid, Mitt Romney also doesn't remember writing "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt."
could be anything FF5, but I figure anything they send I will wear till it falls apart. :)
If that doesn't work out, the tryouts are coming up in April... “: Billy beane please give me a try out”
Just lookin thru som tweet and might have to stop following after that last one..... lol
Freeney's sack was really awesome.
What did everyone think of the yesterday?
haha you know it! Especially since Tuesday is my Thursday...
haha what can I say? :P
The Ellen Show literally makes my day. <3
Done perfectly.
KATU and ABC programming are back on Dish Network
Every team has an off day, you guys will come back great next game. And you know that they still #fearthebeard! Stay positive :)
Cutie pie cats!! :)
What's up Twitter and Facebook its super big daddy in house rep n heavy d buff respect and all big people
how you know she a fake ?? do you kno her
I love you with all my heart. JAH
and how would you know that... I am still waiting for you to stand that post and respond to earlier tweets.
Hey! Please Follow Back. :D xoxo
Love. Saw Byrne at Carnegie Hall. Also signed up for MOB in ten seconds with zero thought-effort. Impressive.
ow, Really Thank you! xo
So. What does it mean when you say, "I love you.", and the other preson responds "Oh, shit!"? Maybe I'm an optimist, but I think it's ok.
lmao yes we really are! I wish u was here!!! RATCHET CITY! Lmao
I think a blog post is an order after seeing the #HungerGames movie.
Twitter's good. Just send a second tweet if you need the characters :)
thank you! Already So confused on how to get somewhere. Haha oh
You must not have a life lol RT swaggin . RT : If you don't go to school or have a job, what are you doing with your life?
liar....have you heard the new song?
Karmin and the script
4 in a rotation of 4. like it should be
Thanks ;D
You might be able to hop across the street and talk to the Remmingtons crew about it.
Have you tried Dick Blick's artists grade oils? They are newer and pretty good - so I've heard
New follower :)) follow him!
Northern CA!
way to burst my dreams<\3
another late Sunday night a drink is never a drink... not sure if I'll ever learn that lesson.
yes Mike. I know Guthrie has many haunted locations. :-)
Can't wait til jazz in the park starts up like how Taylors, & right there
i love it when my work computer randomly shuts down and restarts...while i'm working on it >:[
When the hands get hold of a flying bird, it walks the ground! The flight days of Osama is over! Good riddance!
that's very weird. Apparently it included my FB info with the link. I'm sure that could turn out badly.
Really great. Love Broughton's falsetto; the sound layerings are gorgeous (the cacophany at the end of "Ever Rotating…WOW!)
Pls get behind this he will change lives: RT : petition is @ www.jamiesfoodrevolution.com we need 1m in 6 weeks pls retweet
JOEL!!!!! Been a VERY long time!!!! Do you even remember me?
I am not a fan of dull airports, either.
how was your bday?
You're lucky to love that - there are so many opportunities to enjoy it these days.
thank you..:)
Today's Special: 1/2 Off a Personal Pizza with the purchase of a second
People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love. People throw that word around like it's nothing.
Ate lunch at Beach Side in the Outer Sunset
have a good smoke out & enjoy your book nickiiiii (:
The Ronald Reagan museum uses camguide to collect "intelligence" on visitors.
ur just now figuring that out? Lol I love ur tattoos! Miss u friend!
OMG! Me too! We would definitely be the coolest kids in school! ;)
miss him!!!
Cincy, come on down to tonight for summer series! We play at 8:15 PM! Get yo dance on!
Ugh! It's Monday...
I love my brother( ) and all...but I just don't understand what's going on!
Alshon Jeffery taken in second round by Chicago Bears
well, I'll go to the party!
Monday : great day to add something new to you workout today. Start simple!
VIDEO - PLEASE WATCH - Chris Forcier- 2012 Furman Male Student Athlete of the Year: via
Interested in broadcasting jobs? Let tell you how to find your niche at the #NABEFCareerFair in Vegas on April 18
Can't wait to see jason_aldean and lukebryanonline again in September at Sleeptrain in Wheatland!!! #reliveStagecoach!
noted! it's a great venue. I will let you know if I see anything else! <3
Step brothers!!! Of course.. I can never get enough of this or grown ups!!!
never thought i'd see the day that michael ryder is the lead on ESPN.
#jobsong Fridays! Tell us about your #job and/or #company & we'll tweet a song that best matches!
RT if you have met Austin! :)
Damn mann.
Hello! Thanks!
Have a safe and Happy Easter!
It's gonna be weird not seeing #18 out there anymore
are you gonna be playing any shows up in the BAY!! or you just in LA this week???
Why can't I play Donkey Kong on my phone yet?
Francisco is looking for a news anchor position. See him live live on PinkSlipMixers.com/page/live-video
Does this have a hidden meaning or are you sharpening 'Simpsons' witticisms for a new career in comedy writing?
Two juicy, high-level .NET Development positions up in my sleeves! Great companies & good compensation packages!
Great! See how many people you can get to join by posting the link on your Facebook/Twitter... (Will be issuing a contest soon)
Loves the vintage clothes shop down at 3220 W Magnolia Blvd.
Btw, what the hell was Sean Bergenheim thinking taking that STUPID penalty?!?!
You might hate me for this question, but what is it like to be a meteorologist? A question I've always wondered
Do you have a friend who grew up to basically be a spammer? How does one deal with that?
What an amazing weekend- coached youngest son's soccer, saw him score a goal and my middle guy pitched a no hitter! Good times.
adjusting to some settings at this point
You know what, No! I can't fucking stand you and that whore together. You deserve SOMUCH better !!
breaking news from New York City. just opened a new office in financial district
I know that is going to get orgasm that #TigerWoods is winning at #BayHill but you gotta wait for the #Masters. That's the real test.
See! This is part of the test, isn't it? Like I know smart phones from dumb phones.
I collected blood from all the Poppe family during Easter break. Some willingly!
OK Fugazi archive presentation is memorable already.
pretty fly for a ginger guy
Thx! RT great Bitters the Hollandaise Sauce was incredible w/ the poached eggs as well as the ice cream
I'm hoping snow on roof of garage leads to new car.
Thank you so much!
that plays a part. Haha. The other half that I don't wanna be there
yay (: I'm so excited! Wbu?
I totally agree it is so hard to choose, but I really love one and only, as well as turning tables and someone like you :)<U+2665>
the worst thing is hed probably like that we talked about getting one!
i guess im such a dog because ive been dogged so many times it makes since
Sending letters to my Senators about "card check"
R U enjoying your MaMaz Day?
I'm feeling extra gassy today and I hope everyone enjoys my farts.
Greyhound owner/lover & brains behind Jem Racing has become on twitter.
...and they were probably "holding back" while on camera.
Anyone know where I can find Rock Band 3 for Wii?
Hey , we're excited you'll be here on April 7th! Green Room will be stocked with Hot Pockets and toilet paper per your rider.
Keepin outta trouble with eyes in the back of my face
's SLEEVE at tomorrow night in Claremont, CA. Get based.
Thanks, Drew. Find us the perfect spot and we'll see what we can do. We definitely dig the location.
I'm sorry to say you need to get a new Steve then. Friends don't let friends hang out with ppl who aren't HP fanatics.
Looking like OT
it means go back to sleep. Put in more hours of rest. Lol
Sorry, I meant their equipment. :-) Perhaps #RCN has its equipment close enough to the lakefront, where a cool breeze can be felt.
super biters . com should be there website.
thanks for the #FF 's
I'm not. I'm using firefox to view it. You?
It's always a beautiful day to care for others.
awww i hope andy gets better soon :'( <3 hes amazing and my hero:)
Hello friends- Tell us about your weekend in 3 words- we'll start- "Way to short" :)
RT "You never know what's going to happen when the ball squirts" props to you sir!
ok how come his fans know more about him than I do I had no idea about sanders Sunday
Drupal is on my last nerve!
Thank god tomorrow got no school! Wow. <U+263A>
"She took off mad points!"
One semester off the hill and it seems like i've lost all my thick skin. Being a moper like the best of them.
almost time to laugh our asses off!
all systems go!
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time......LOVE
See ya soon buddy! Hope you brought your sneaks for team #Sportsvite V-ball tn!
A dynamic warm-up is best done before your sport or activity. Static stretching is best done after.
Your the best shark there is!
im down :D
We live on that good , if yall not listening yall just late.
loves that called me this morning. miss you too boo!
Argh! NBC canned because viewers were too old for advertisers!!! 8.8 million viewers weren't 18 to 49! Ridiculous
It's family fun night at the Taylor house tonight!
Being sick during final exam week not working for me right now
what do I do now that I won?
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're an ass
“: i'm so cold.”<<< she's in Miami wearing winter clothes
#Craving cold pizza... with an acceptable breakfast beverage.
Ron Paul is seeking to become the Libertarian candidate for President by running in the Republican primary.
I did not sleep well last night...yuck. I am super tired right now. Here I come, Phoenix Coffee!
omg girl yes!!! Now I have someone to kill bugs and fix stuff that breaks.
Our bodies buried close together, cemetery weather.
My iPod died during "White Girl Problems"...
The butt workout app makes me happy. It's like having workout DVDs with me everywhere.
off top nigga lone wolf out here.but we can hop on some team death match what's poppin
Teenager, college days, etc., indeed.
Pomegranate Green Tea is so refreshing...
Ugg!! >:( Hate Apartments!! My Parents Just Split So..!! Yeah, All I Have Is My Bed, My Phone, My Puter&Austin Mahone(:
I think I bruised my butt..
i did not get fat; my shirt shrank.
Had the best Mother's Day w/my son Jax aka the happiest dog ever!!! He even picked out cupcakes for his Aunties - Sam & Royce :)
Branding is important for both b2b and b2c -- but often critical in b2b
OK...THAT was fun date. ;)
Mongo wouldn't agree to terms.
Quarterly Member Meeting today! busy busy busy!
Sorry to hear this. Would've love to view it.
Temperatures have dropped all over the United States. Give warm clothing to someone homeless and help them stay alive, find a job, and live.
yogas two days in a row <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Good morning beautiful people !
What a wonderful night with great friends.
hahaha if by 'meth addict' you mean 'brilliant sales man,' I'm totally with you! Ha..
Joel Anthony is so damn poo
im goin to ells house.
Just watched a guy spend 20min wrestling a 300lb tree stump into the back of his SUV. That bumper has to be scratched to hell.
I seriously do hate my life. It seems like everyday, when i get home, there's always some problem, That ruins my day. And today, you did it.
This is a conspiracy by Republican to prevent so-cal from watching the presidential address ;-)
Nice set of articles. I'm happy to be following you.
I just saw those at a liquor store in Greenfield/Cumberland area last week
The best way to get others to do right to you is to do right to them. ~ A.D. Williams
PLEASE follow me!! Im a HUGE anti-bullier and I LOVE your show to DEATH
Instant heart rate is a pretty cool smartphone app
savin' all your food stamps and burnin' down the trailer park
nice to meet u too bbe:)m frm Canada u?
come back to the question! damn Barack, you blew it! you didn't come back to the question!
Major kudos to you! An OU Sooner watching UT Football. Go Big 12!
Seeing how I'm waking up early tomorrow, I think I should work. El. Oh. El.
the show at the middle east was wonderful! thanks!
Reason #217 to own a cat: when they sit on your lap while you're working at your computer, you feel like a James Bond villain.
congrats you all!
Thank you all for your welcoming support to us and Stay tuned as we grow on here. Btw go give our girl Alona a hello and love. :)
In line for taxi behind so many hipsters
its natural ;)
I'm in St.Louis,internet connection almost non happening all the way across Texas.
r33c3: Not thinking of myself as a librarian these days. The word no longer encapsulates what I do; Feels limiting.
If I don't respond the first or second time, what makes you think I'll respond the next times?
Me paige & darian have decided since paige's mom is never home we are just going to start calling the apartment ours
house hunting lessons: 'Well-maintained' = no updates! It'll have a crappy kitchen, questionable carpet & at least 1 fluorescent light.
actually, there may not have been a free version when I got it.
its taking all my willpower to not start playing ur guitar
Newt will never realize that every time he references Romney's aggression, all people think of is his own
so much fun this weekend!!!!! Dallas loves you! Move here stat!
Ok, well now you're hitting the long tail of usefulness to me…
seems like there always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you
Any TN fans out there? Don't forget to join Bracket Madness to win cool prizes...2 days & 2 hours left......
Newt leaves campaign 4 million in debt. WOW
#EDU11 lizard brain gets you to act like sheep
I hope #jeopardy is as exciting as #cnndebate!
Over wit.
almost a whole foot b lol
WOOHOO! and both win a FREE Mac Duggal tank top for tweeting, "I want a pageant tank top! #MacDuggal"
Oh dear... re: Junior Seau memory. That's the first one that popped into my head too!
why thank ya! (:
Yes...that just happened!
good afternoon
Sunday, not Saturday.
I could really go the rest of my life without ever seeing another Darnell McDonald at-bat
Sure! :) Followed.
Future engineering: Middle school students get hands-on at UT - Knoxville News Sentinel
I have been wanting to get a tattoo recently.
Had a hysterical audition for a CBS promo today... twas fun to just play!
Why do some girls just not get how beautiful they are? I don't understand like...what mirror do you look at in the morning?
Jack--Etsy has saved my wife's papermaking business
especially the Houstoney parts
I love cuddling, but not morning breath. Go brush your teef then it's snugs on snugs on snugs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Want The Story its at The Next Country American Anthem ,since God Bless The USA , 25 YEARS AGO, Time For Change is Now ?
so, when is the next edition out? I'm suffering withdrawal.
Homemade pizza... like an Italian boss!
Oh no! I hope she's OK (and you too!).
woke up to my oldest dog circling the house and whining - his ear's bothering him. i had some drops but will need to go to the vet later. :c
I wanna be on some v for vendetta shit, except lyrically.
tweet me 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' 5 times for a shoutout(:
Change I would make to football: players not allowed to mime throwing a flag after every play that doesn't go their way. Just make the play.
What was DickieV talking about the comment that embarrassed him from ESPN today??? I missed it
in dis city u go need a kevlar face vest to survive dese streets!!he stretched!!
Complimentary tickets to Dr. Nancy Cartwright from the 2010-2011 Linus Pauling Memorial Lecture Series at the PSU Box Office
they never should have lost lead and haven't played well all game. Second half has been close.
Awesome! And I love that hashtag aha RT gave you a shout out after getting the LinkedIn invite.
Just because you tell me your problems, doesn't mean I care.
Marlyn monroe had six toes on one foot
Quite a few times they are as awesome live & in person as they are on twitter...
that's what I'm talking about good dancing
Oil's Rally Stalls as Investors Sell Contracts After Price Surge
Watch this space for some photos inside the Hotel Lafayette! It's almost ready to open!
Im sleepy AF .
Congrats to the Oregon Ducks on a great Rose Bowl Win! Record Setting Offense in first Rose Bowl win since 1917 that was so great to see!
Tht movie was kinda tight tho ...
Tonight is the start of your Big Bang Theory addiction! Tune in at 6:30 for the show's pilot!
ok my Asian friends any bars and dives I can play my music in, there in the Beautiful East?? :-)
ya! Deleted it tho...it was vulgar tweet, but that asshole deserved it.
Your WORST Enemy can sometimes be YOU, without realizing it,
"Food was excellent. The only thing better was the service. It could not have been better."
totally! There are several shows I feel that way about?!
at w/ doing some recon for my public libraries class.
Tired of the same ol bull...
Let's go
Ladybugs usually symbolize luck or good fortune. In Europe, the black dots represents the Virgin Mary and her 7 Sorrows
#question r peeps still wearing colored contacts? Guys out here n Indy still rockin blue contacts like it's
#SomeoneIWantToMeet is Dave grohl
DIABLO! goodbye world
Thanks for re-posting the wisdom of John Lennon !!!
thank u for the mention. R u Obama Fan to?
It's a bird! It's a plane! No....wait... It's just that flying fuck I don't give.
“Do you hate people?" "I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.” <U+2015> Charles Bukowski, Barfly
you can do it!!
had the special tonight - delicious!
Im older than by 7 days :D
you can come with me..
it's a james brown thing.
Pumped to go climbing again tomorrow...just got a new chalk bag!
I will send money fer a coffee or beer if it gets me a "free" sketch.
al the way! Since auditions! He is it!
#TheBestFeelingInARelationship when they insult you every second of the day <3
hahah I wonder what they did before the show...
hahaha. He was supposed to kill it his first time?
hahaha, it's not him, I just gotta talk to him :) i'f i dont come back i'll come up and visit
A collie knows 200 spoken words. Could he read these also? Too bad it hasn't been tried. Science 2004 vol 304 1682-1683
Seriously, "why not?" is the question you should be asking all the time.
hahah nope I was just grabbing some nuts
Now it's really back to the grind...classes start tonight, 20 more weeks until I get my evenings back for good!!
very dirty things lol I don't know. Play with my dog or workout usually.
Got it! Thanks! :) RT : thx sis. Responded. Let me know if you have more ?s
& Persistence & Passion RT : A good grant writer a good PR campaign that gets the attention of the media.
Anotha late night in the studio.....like always. Man can this girl SANG!
y la escuela?
would be so proud right now. Say You Like Me is playing right now in Margaritaville on the tvs in Nash. (:
Last night's q and a.
RT : Gender diversity in the workplace fires up #innovation Ilene Lang #WISEORG Numbers back that up.
16th and champs
Hi Poppy!
N/F followback??
Ach! It's one of those pink puckered lip band-aids. Which means I just lost a kidney. This day is a failure.
Sending out field testing materials to our TACL-4/TEXL norming sites - so excited to have these projects underway!
Prepare for the networking reception w/ SIS drop-in advising. Join Dr. Judith Baroody of from 3:30-5pm in the SIS Atrium.
you pics are amazing. can't wait to read about your adventures!!
wow, what a jerk! the theft couldn't be more obvious. Wonder if his other stuff stolen too..
Big ShoutOut To The Omega's Of Richmond! #TweetsByMe definitely supports you'll! We can send you'll free shirts!
Custom designed!
Sorry for my bitch fit twitter
Not personally, but in videos. The movable wall panels in the big stage area look incredible. Great idea.
no problem!!! just let me know when you sending it!
im so dissapointed in myself ..
Hey everyone, we are going to be at Chelis Chili this Friday at 10pm!! Come out for some good food and a good time!!!
I'm watching Twilight Breaking Dawn since i didn't read the books I'm confused
i'm on my period so you could all imagine how excited these pictures of justin are getting me. unf unf unf.
Today is not a good day
decisions decisions!
Give credit to Omer Asik he played like a man tonight....
put on a jacket :p
That must have been a bummer! Chicas would have been way better.
And the nerve of her to retweet that lol
Ball so hard MFs wanna fine me! #That Shit Crayz!...
what it do.
Lol rapping Family Guy song. xD
Thanks for tweeting out the info on Winterball. It is going to fun and cold baseball game!
Obstruction of desires by any object or being causes anger directed towards that obstruction.
Hey sounds like a plan!
My hair looks so good this morning!! We get to wear jeans today!(:
Yes. RT : I could've managed without this week.
this coming from a 38 year old man wearing Diesel skinny jeans. and Omar? You're cashing a pretty sweet check. Act like ya wanna be there.
Nice job Eagles!! Cammy clutch at crunch time!!
I need a haircut! I gotta come over for one!
When you pray, I will listen. If you look for me wholeheartedly, you will find me. Jeremiah 29:12,
My spirits are never broken. I stay focused.
There’s not many kool people around this school, they are either too cocky or assholes, or both.
So extremely sad to hear that Don Cornelius is dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. :-(
Open mic was very interesting tonight, gotta rock it out!!!!
Stoked to spend a beautiful DC afternoon celebrating an early end to the #DMCA tech day with + others.
I miss this banter on a daily basis.
Hearing about a local issue relating to your library CAN swing a vote with your Congress member
Yes, Do it!<3
funny, I didn't even know you and knew each other. Thanks to both of you for your help! :)
Liked how Hartnell tucked his hair behind his ears before he started throwing punches.
Agree that provenance becomes important when more people are in on the conversation. Know an app that faces this challenge today?
(cont) for some reason Justin Long was there telling everyone he's a PC. Cake pops, bean bag chairs, FB stalkers, & gay fiats.
Tweet me what your doing on this Sunday
I'm going to be a Friday afternoon tour guide for #CHI2010. All on board!
it's a house favorite here...stop by to see us next time you are in the neighborhood...
40 more tweets till the next zoom! So close
you can build it! Read labels shopping, only bring home safe food. Set yourself up for success that way & it gets easier!
I kinda really like to Tweet.... a lot. ((;
No plans to cross the pond just yet... but hopefully SOON!!! RT Hey guys when you coming to London?
DM This is a test, Dennis. Want to see if I can do a DM right. SMILE
I'm wrong. (So what else is new?) It's that missing hyphen, something knows a lot about.
Only in Philly do you get renamed jake when your name is Jakub.
Thxs 4 ur follow. I do follow and tweet back. Have a good day.
I had a Close friend teach me bro & learned with exp. I took some art classes, but thats about all.. you tryna get into it?
Haha! I love you so much for that.
Our Pumpkin Pie Spiced martini is flipping delicious!
Pretty solid first 3 days of the east semis if you're a boston fan...2-0 lightning...should the b's move on it'll be home ice in the finals.
I don't smoke often but I would love some fucking weed right now!!!'
Over here at Six Finger Films, we love drinking bourbon... anybody else love bourbon? What's your favorite?
you are late jazz!!!
kingjames time tnt
Now is the time. Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater.
RT : STRIKE APPROVED FOR NEXT WEDNESDAY! GENERAL STRIKE FIRST TIME IN THE USA SINCE 1946!
How are you doing?
I'm creating the possibility of possibility.
I have
#youknowyoughetto when your little sister is a Hoe.
I am looking for an #expat position in #Singapore in #retail corporate, please contact me if there’s an open position
my 11:11 wish is for u to RT or follow me :D <3
I think my summer concerts will be Cold Play & System of a Down/Deftones....
Also Drunken Scrabble tournament a Peden?? I can't spell but I can drink. I wonder if that gives me an edge.
Thanks to all for participating in #uxchat today! We'll be doing it again next week. Same time, same #hashtag. Pls send feedback to
Know of any good events coming up in Louisville? Tweet us at
Good luck baby!! I know you will rock those auditions!!
One of ACS's Transitional Living Program clients shares what Dell #poweringthepossible means to her
#DramaProbs tearing your arm open
Maddie shout out to damnn she's hot and follows back but fair warning stay on her good side she speaks her mind i love that
and the circus has arrived
How is #BigProofForever not trending by now....?
Yay, Friday. This did not feel like a 4-day week... I wish I could underline that
we are all orginal and get inspirartion from the world around us and ofcourse from you :) keep tweeting
YES!! Definitely save some love for !! :) He can be pretty awesome!
- thanks buddy!
Did you know today is International Hug a Librarian Day? Okay, all you librarians, consider yourselves <hugged>!!!
as dirk proved, either you have it or you don't. you can't go from unclutch to clutch RT :
PRSA Presents Swarthmore President Rebecca Chopp With Advocate for Higher Education Award
On a scale of 1 - Hindenburg, how bad was the Blue/White game?
- yeah...took typing in high school! I'm pretty fast, I guess!
Celebrate the grand opening of Red Mango in Lakeview on Saturday, August 8 from 4-7 pm with a free small original yogurt with one topping!
Think they know what WTF means? MT : Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
RT« A real man will walk in public with his girl, there is no reason to hide how he feel*»
good el 0h el
haha I'm glad someone caught that!! Any ops to quote The Room, I take it!
Is your company listed? www.staffingmarketplace.com
Definitely pushing the envelope, that. But I sorta think of that as "Rochester area." Sorta....
whoa whoa easy
Michael Dorn is on Twitter? INSTA-FOLLOW
Ahh, another beer-centric holiday so soon after beer week. Good life! Cheers!
gm pixie
Very interesting. 200-page in 15 minutes? HA!
2099 hey 2099 Spiderman edge of time game get it i think the best year in my life will be 2028 cause its a big release msgme
RT : Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town... er, I mean the very 1st Rise+Design at The M with !
Thanks... Only way to start a guilt-free weekend!
lol not everyone can live the life of leisure like you...some gotta eat on the move.
presenting at the #NACC conference today - discussing the need for increased presence and visibility of women in peace-building NGOs
Guilty as charged. RT : I’m going to be late for work because I’m making a gif.
Reckon China will wait out news cycle. Could probably make it a non-story by letting him go.
it is said that 80% of all performance problems that exists in organizations can be attributed to lack of expectations, standards & feedback
49ers getting ready to turn the ball over...
Chaka Kahn... Is singing at Agape today!!! What a treat!!
take the condoms off your tweets and tweet. lol
you can get with me and with gigi davila or bighead davila to order
Don't make someone fall for you, if you have no intention of catching them.
Generation debate aside, sharing has to be in the course of the work they are doing. In the stream if you will.
Raise your mugs, whether filled with coffee or beer, and let's cheers! It's Friday!
watchin my favorite movie #love&basketball (y)
Money over bitches , mob good fellas
Road construction is a rite of spring. Stay safe while working and driving.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Now I gotta hear nfl tonight and espn dangle from tebows sack for another week????
In other words, it is an at least 75% uncooked diet= Raw food Diet!
People blink when they're nervous
TFS dashboard- very cool!
If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
A kid pulled out 10's sonic screwdriver to show his friend, and when he passed me, I said 'Allonsy-Alonzo!'
I love that town, its like a playground for angels. I've seen so many miracles there, u wouldn't believe me if I told u.
i am very wise with my choice of words....how many of you kept a straight face as you read this?
Just had a candidate back-out at the last minute. So NOT COOL! Is professionalism a thing of the past?
we're JAMMIN you and I'll never quit JAMMIN you
What is wrong w/me? Darn pregnancy hormones = constant tears over anything & everything. My poor eyes are so sore. Blah! All over nothing!
yes and no power. You?
Whoa. That article was intense. That woman is seriously crazy. (re: dentist pulls out all her ex's teeth.)
yeah he is
Battered and baked cod, fish sammie, grilled salmon and clam chowder all day long! GET SOME!!!
RT : Shoutout to the dedicated hard working mommies and daddies of children with autism. #onestepatatime I SEE YOU
Law & Order SVU
I haven't listened to those Pitchfork chumps for several years now and my life is better for it.
Meeting with to talk about the schoolHER curric!
Yoo something needs to happen tonight asap!
How quickly do i go to hell if my dog starts humping baby jesus in the nearby church's nativity scene? And i film it. In HD. And 3D.
did you end up getting in trouble?
RED was a fast-paced, stylistic great time with a powerhouse cast. Total blast!! What fun. Going on my list of favorites. A must see.
Hey Drizzy, thanks for your support man!
YOU NIGGAS AIN'T EVEN VERIFIED ON TWITTER. CUT THIS SHIT OUT & JUST CHANGE YOUR NAMES.
Walter Harris Group at Mumbai (2/24)
Vince Young signing with the #Bills gives us a potential Jets-like QB soap opera. Can #HardKnocks be far off?
Join the at tonight for a Game Watching Party!
Sweating my balls off at 9am
Also hung from two stories, went through a window backwards, got an explosion in my face. I earned that badge!
keep me posted on casting's !
HI! Could you please follow me back Lane? Love you<3
Pretty heavy book...You can always go for Hunger Games. It was def not heavy, but fun and simple
I'll second that - and he's a great guy!! RT : just shot with today, man is a champ, excellent photographer!
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite ice cream flavor is ____________.
hahaha!! You just hit it on the head. They still like school. That's so true & yes, cute!!
xD much appreciated dude.
I just wanted a martini!!
ok! thanks!:D
KIDS are annoying and not five year olds, annoying ass underclassmen.
Closing reception for High Noon is happening now! Come down to see Brian Henry's show!
Unless something is broken, everyone plays.
you know how we have mahomies and psanderettes? Well all of your fans should be hollanders! :D whatcha think?
Im great! You need a nashville trip soon! RT : hey! how you doing?
At school and bored D: someone tweet me!
That ASAP Rocky record is hypnotic.
yup T__T it does
WHOO HOO..536 FOLLOWERS! 1/2 2 1000!! LETS DO THIS.. FOLLOW ME & I WILL FOLLOW BACK... NEXT POST..S/O 2 MY FOLLOWERS!! THANK YOU SO MUCH
Thank you for the #FF! Sorry for the delay...
that is the best rationale. I may adopt that.
Happy Birthday to my youngest, Jacob, who turns 16 today. I am so proud of this son of ours. I love you, Jake! :-)
Wondering how those voiceover artists do those fine print part of radio commercials.
RT : Alison St. John, KPBS: Helpful to compare cities when pointing out a problem; gives context, illustrates the...
About to go on Toad hop radio
Oracle WebCenter Sites Builds On FatWire Foundation
For God so loved me that He gave me #YOU. May God bless #you!!
I finally watched the bbw ep. that everyone was talking about. If that happened to any girl I know,I know tami would have been dealt with
That hit to the temple that kid took was scary. Had a similar thing happen to me in high school.
Excellent presentation! Web psychology is fascinating.
Found a rockin' NYE dress for $30! Sometimes waiting until the last minute pays off.
I use to watch it. Victor was a gangsta! Lol
Pastrami Today and Our Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich Tomorrow!
I hope arod and cano carry their momentum from sundays game
Umm I get to see speak at the University of Iowa on Wednesday. Pretty cool, huh?
I've never seen the end to a perfect game. and now I have. Congrats to Humber and the White Sox defense.
Thx for the support and RT :)
If you are down in San Diego and you are interested in making crazy money. Check out this site. www.makemoneywithNickNow.com
Amare Stoudemire is represented by agent Happy Walters. These are the times agents earn their money.
Hello Spy.
..... Hahaaa you should probably be the next Hitch
Hah! We don't! Not do we use flat for apartment or boot for the trunk of a car. :p
Headed to Zurich Switzerland to rock festival with Talib Kweli....let's go!
#10reasoniloveniall because he is follow in my dream :)
Much obliged, ma'am. And your post about Father Keralum... UTTERLY FANTASTIC!!
Guiliano Oliveiro drills his 2nd goal of the half from deep on the left wing. Wave leads 15-8 over Comets
"Graphic Design Rock" is an untapped market waiting to be exploited. Come on designers, let's start some bands and break some rules.
Tonight was light our bill was still a few racks
Hum ...yard work today
Happy Mothers Day!!!
The highest state tax revenue as percent of personal income is Alaska at 16.4% and the low is New Hampshire at 3.8%.
lmao, ik i felt so dirty that i havent been on for YEARS! and im chillin
I like it, but it is sweet for a Pale
From a pure radio professional (aka geek) perspective...it's SWEET to see on #AGT! Plus he makes the show bearable.
Homer Bailey has a really awful name for a pitcher.
and I send each other the ugliest pictures. :)
Baron is such a poor decision maker at times u suck stop shooting
happy birthday!!! Have a good day!
One thing I notice for sure: Capitol Bike Share riders are more reckless than the general ridership. Saw cell phoner/smoker/ yesterday.
Gr sweetbreads w queso fresco, beets, tarragon & sassafras! at Regal beagle
Atlanta, ga!!!!
We make a living by what we get,but we make a life by what we give.Are you living a life or making a life ?
great to c her on the #msm. Timing could not b better. She's out on a mission.
Who else was hurt like Aaliyah was ur best friend or sister when she passed? My moms said she was really worried about how hard I took it.
The Hungarian Marketing Volunteers
#startuplife is always *interesting*
Just let it out in class at ! I love u !!!
Been there, done that...ah fuck it, what am I saying? Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?
In Mississippi for a month hope it goes by fast!!
sorry I'm not sure, we didn't send it we gave it to them personally :) .x
Social Media needs to be on everyones daily calander
what ever happened to barkleys game?
- Awesome thanks Katie!
Rangers on the board in the first inning here comes that 13 game winning streak
thanks for the mention!
K Studio Holiday Staff Party!!! Ready to celebrate with my favorite people!!!
You know what I hate? Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.
Today felt like a dream.
Loved them!
TODAY: Happy Hour Stop behind Ace of Spades (lot) on 15th & Q Streets 5-7ish!
Too much going on tonight. Baseball. Hockey. Idol. Where to start?!
200Columbus Days on Fox28 this morning!
I'm sorry, but you working on songs with just made me the happiest kid on the planet.
Chiana:The afternoon is over and my workday is done. I used to go 'til 6, but I'm not a puppy anymore, y'know.
RT : Win a pair of tickets to the in Milwaukee on June 2nd! Brought to you by MidwestMicroBrews &...
Wow, cool! I must have one of those transformer penises with dual modes!
Just finished parkour/free-running class. Jumped over & crawled under things on a giant playground. So much fun!
..... I'm still thinking about it! But, I'll know soon.
why is our son running in his sleep? I think I have a bruise
Sorry, wearing the wrong hat right now...
If you see trials & tribulations tell them we apologize for kicking their asses so bad. Trying to steal the mojo from the logo-thats a nono.
I'm with ya!
Now I have cooties.
I agree, "aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term. Thanks!
Thanks! Would love to be a part of this fantastic event next go round.
:l just not in the mood today
Fashion World please stop making V neck t-shirts for men and men stop buying them.
RT : #Obama commits $50 million to fight against HIV/AIDS
did you guys decide to stay on the ship?! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Hi Jake, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
thanks for the shoot out! Happy #FF!
Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt.
"But I am an FBI agent..."
Apparently not. :o It's not cancelled
I'd be more worried about cye-oates if I was you!
Good Morning Memphis!
The library of the future is the hotspot where you can opt out of uniformity and be free to be creative.
I only miss you when I'm breathing
I know only Howard can pull it off set your dvr got thurs The view chatting with the yentas
Portlandia. Next stop Voodoo Doughnuts. Man vs Food.
What if it's not air you're smelling, but your boogers?
Define crisp and clear #socbiz and #crosschannel segments first. Then figure out the technology to use behind them.
I really love working with #microsoft clients... I always learn so much. Today, I got a random Dropbox schooling... Sa-weet!
Freshman year is the year I cried the most in my whole entire life...is it supposed to be this way?
We were pleased to sponsor today's snacks for the educators at #msmeca12. Drop by Booth 64 for gifts and prizes.
Congratulations to Maria, Eric, Becca, Kathleen, Koben, Isaac, Mike, Logan and the many other grads!
My girls put in work! They train hard, look good & keep it real!
Preparing for the short TEI workshop I'm teaching tomorrow.
"Apologizing does not mean you are wrong and the other person is right. It just means you value your relationship more than your ego."
has anyone tried the new cloth tape from Stampington & Company? I am waiting for a backorder, and am excited to try it!
#NowPlaying "100 points in one game now i'm in the hall of fame (live)" by on
I have a gun ud better make sure I have cigerettes- jo green
Booked T!
All I want to do is watch and fall asleep, but guess I'll read Queen Victoria's biography instead.
High dose Omega 3's (fish oil) can help reduce muscle atrophy post-injury.
Hey, how much are Tiesto tickets? I can't find that info anywhere. Thanks!
Why use ontology as a data model? Corson-Rikert: I got tired of making lots of unique tables for projects with a lot in common.
Participating in the 7th Annual Binational Mayors Summit hosted by Tijuana
reservoir dogs.
The secret of women's happiness: the woman's hand should tremble with gifts and legs from sex and the heart of love
yah….'apropos' actually can't be used once a month unless you have legit patched elbow credentials, but it sounded good
Yes. The Dock is @ the lower pool. Ilima Terrace and Poipu Bay Clubhouse are also great lunch stops. Koloa Fish Market too
You don't think boomers are going to start selling houses too? Downsizing and cutting costs attractive to many nesters no?
you're still taking classes?
its waaaayyy to hot to be sitting in this tanning salon right now.
insecurity will destroy you
RT : We're merging into ! Follow us there for all your #genealogy, #POCgenealogy, and...
Evidence exist about t effectiveness of comprehensive sexuality educ. on health, empowerment & well-being of #youth . Side event
What winks and screws like a tiger ;)
todays top play on was SO cute!!! 6 year old little leaguer made an unassisted triple play. you go ross.
Really curious about what the new/latest plan for world domination looks like...
Are you sure on that number, I thought I saw it was something over $700,000
When did you join Twitter?
I hate WYSIWYG editors that lie. Also packing lunch and then leaving it at home. :\
Congresswoman Wilson addresses the convention. "power to the people"
"There is so much good in the worst of us, So much bad in the best of us, That it hardly behooves any of us To talk about the rest of us."
..I swear! I tried over 3 times to listen, honestly sweet!
Hey if u need tickets for aloft new years call me 4148414523 ((no tickets sold at the door))
waiting to take the kids trick or treating tonight, valleyscare, downtown, and let's not forget about the gophers game tonight.
Done with day 1. Tomorrow should be bettah...
softball game today, possibly might win! jaykay
Very jealous. It's going to be 39 degrees here tonight. RT : So good to be on vacation.
Yep, Chicago was great! RT : Love watching talented people
please don't judge us all b/cause of the ignorance of some. Good luck. Cali is great, hope 2 c u in the FF
Their endgame seems pretty clear to me: sell a lot of ads. They're pretty open about admitting this.
Is Kobe hurt or just resting for the playoffs?
Ok, wow, my head just exploded: did everyone know you can call 1800 numbers.. for free.. from gmail? WTH? Win!
Bring you quality unfinished Brazilian hardwood flooring.
Congrats! RT : Varsity baseball player Zach Soria '12 committed to the University of Louisville! Congrats Zach!
I just want to leave sometimes .
Will I b able to meet Mary at Anytime at noon?
Psst! We'd like to discuss something with you! sent us your way
Best of luck!!! Happy Monday.
Like in: go to bed in time bro. <U+2665>
Up Thinking about Sonic's in Parma Man there Food Bang so Hard I think I'm a have to visit them Today sometime
sometimes straight up attaching photos to the database is just the way to go
Take a look at our complete April Calendar now online.
bye-bye tweeters love y'all
As opposed to actually not having any money?
Cool. My New Literacy class partner, , has been talking about them, and it's put them in my head too.
Thanks for the great response during our sign wave on St. Paul and Mt. Royal Ave today!!
Thank you for the love and appreciation we get everyday from our incredible customers ...grazie di cuore...
Alone at the apartment with my thousands of premium HD channels. Yea, I would want to join me too.
These bitches been sleeping on me for way to long. It's time to WAKE UP
Ha! I see you're getting an early start preparing for the Run in April!
I find it ironic that the onion burger joint in both Edmond & MWC are next door to Weight Watchers.
yu don't hmu no more! && im always hitting yu up first! ~_~
How about my biggie smalls live performance last night
So far nearly 620,000 visited "McQueen Exhibition" at the Met. Last time the Met had such lines was 1963 when it displayed the "Mona Lisa".
I'm pretty sure love means never having to say yr sorry for watching too much Doctor Who & drinking all the wine. I hope agrees.
that is AMAZING
Kill two birds with one stone
Brenda had,a babbbyyy
Thanks for the mention :)
It's going down like Yung Joc at & upscale Westwood high rise for the UCLA trackmeet after party!!
Live Jazz from 7pm to 9pm tonight!
Twitter is stupid cause you HAVE to write something within 140 charaters
Adobo Fried Rice is amazing!
We play Nice Ash in Waukesha tomorrow. So when some
I suppose to be doing my homework but I am on here...
I've got some comments! Thank you for being an advocate.
I love you more, you guys don't know how much you mean to me (y)'s up for #blusharmy <3
Lauren-want to connect about Boston startup I work for (for masschallenge) wondering if you mind dm'ing me the best email? Thx!
When me and my baby go to AC we stay nights up there. Cause we can
Can you save it? that necklace ment alot to me... I knew i shouldnt of wore it..
This morning I feel really good
Hey Zach! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
Just tapped, Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA (replaces Lady Jane Special Bitter Ale)
Aaaahh don't want to go to work tomorrow
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. It's the end you're after. ~
A comment I wrote on a student's paper that I can't answer: "How can we tell when a phenomenon, idea, or company has 'gone global'?"
Can anyone else drink and work at te same time?
PA too. Is there?
Keynotes Matt Domo from and from were a great way to kick off the final day here at #CloudFairSeattle!
Shit u know ill try... but if i cant Best wishes to u my dude..
Iss So D O P E ' And ii Love Herr :D
47 minute online, locked navigation, "required" training #painful This is how training gets a bad name.
How do I get in on this????
I love being the one to throw open #cuasciencelib doors...come on in...yes, you can wear your PJ's
A show in NYC!? First Pavement, then —if brings back RHP, all my HS dreams will come true.
It's a Kodak moment lemme go and get my camera <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Did I really just get thrown into the ceiling?
thank-you for the shout out
Today's a dog eat dog day, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear. -- Norm, Cheers.
It's ALIVE!!!
Are you up man?
#ThingsMyMotherSays: Don't eat your vegetables because that's what Michelle Obama would want you to do.
Lucas went pee pee in the potty last night! YAY!!
RT TONIGHT CLUB STILETTOS LIVE PERFORMING BY EMPHAMOUS B COME CHECK ME OUT
KU fans.. Just b/c a few bozos "maybe" made NMT t shirts doesn't mean most MU fans think the same way.
RT : M, Fez tea from always reminds me to pause and just enjoy its deliciousness
gives me the good pillow to sleep with last night and this morning I woke up to his head on it with mine.
shut up! Nobody wants to hear your hole flapping!
#CHATTANOOGA: is gonna blow your mind tonight at 7PM at Tix are still available at the box office
Live jazz band by the pool!!.. Where is the Mascoto
lol :P We've met before. I promise not to judge. (I'm actually very boring in person.)
your hackweek project? looks more fun than rewriting helper functions for chat client. i kid - #codeclass rocks! cc
I've never been more excited to return home from deployment. Three weeks can't go fast enough!
follow back please :)
are QB's under more scrutiny than WR's in the over the middle drill and slant routes, even though a WR drill?
Minny Gang bro.
And I thought I loved you then <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Can't wait to see the new episode tonight on Disney channel!!! P.S I think Alex and mason are cute
phi phi o'hara totally called me out on twitter last week.
We're shooting on Wednesday! Come hang out and say hey! We'll be in St. Auggie! Hit us up
Not a problem! You're amazing!
We really don't need SV if we support each other. Black Owned Tech Company - www.diversemobile.com
Who else wants to LMS? -.- GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION!lol.
": Please get your followers to follow: for me?(:" follow that kid ^
Well I thank U! Ur so right!
T.W.I.T.T.E.R. = Typing What I'm Thinking To Everyone Reading.
In the near future we will be looking for channel partners!
Don't know how that's gunna work out for me! Lol
Sitting with &#35;Saylor White, &#35;Tom Tranchilla, and &#35;Jim Kam working on website stuff. Life is good.
Me too RT : I hate when I go shopping and I forget that I'm not skinny.
can't watch this bachelor nonsense. Ninja warrior has more depth than that crazy bitch, Courtney.
Counting fires? ": Sometimes I think sleep is a poor substitute for a few good cups of coffee."
Thanks for inspiring me! I'll get right on it!
you're welcome. it's been that way for me ever since I became a parent :)
nothing says autumn like the luminous glow of multiple cop car lights shining on the freshly fallen leaves on lake city way. Serene it is.
OMG tornados. Yes. I love storms so much.
Future development of DM: collection management, create collaborative layers of info, users & groups, export options.
One time leaving ATL had Waffle House for breakfast and then Varsity for lunch,then on a plane.Bad move.
Goodbye weekend...hello Monday. Sweet dreams dreamers...
I Cannot wait until 9o'clock I want to see T.I & Tiny reality show...& i dont even watch tv all like that smh
If you are a new follower, that last one is me tweeting our new EP one line at a time. At this rate I will finish in early 2013.
A quick rundown of our daily specials... (bear with us for 8 quick tweets, including this one).
What's so funny...??? haha *nervously laughing*
thanks for the FF recommendation!
dude ....my phone aint letting me call no one...wtf....hold up
Do you not think so far ahead? Cause I be thinkin' bout forever...
Sweet OT win by Datsyuk for Wings!
hope it's been a wonderful day, my beautiful friend
but how god are you feeling?
A genuine shame. RT As expected, Chris Narveson (aka ) will miss the rest of the season w/ a torn rotator cuff.
I'm envisioning a ride-through haunted house through guts of giant calliope/wurlitzer w/ "monster opera" spook features.
Are there any military folks following us on Twitter? Where my military folks at?:) --> Military here. See you on TRB-X
I LOVE light sabers!!!! :)
Happy Easter to all our likes, follows, friends and family! We appreciate your love and support!
Rhonda looks great
back to the club review....bacon there was lots and lots of bacon. bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon.
Calm down. It doesn't take a genius to know that every time I walk by, you do it. Common sense. Do it one more time. Dare you.
It's a great day in the offices with and -
no other way! Work hard to play harder is a must!
check out red bull tv on their website, they're showing it man.
randall cobb straight up
sxsw be gone
I can't speak on the G+ rumors, but WordPress is definitely more of a CMS than Blogger is, no doubt about that :)
lol! Seems like its for u. But the only part that doesnt fit is the "lazy" thing so not for u.
cheaters never win!
credible rec for #progressparty TONIGHT " Ill be at event for HH, should be good time
Even with Morrison's goal, sitting Mayers made no sense. Team lacked the toughness with Shaw & Mayers out. Dumb.
Not desperate for friends, so keep on walking.
Luckily, most images created under the hire of the Government are public domain! Your tax money at work.
My neighbors rule. Learn culinary and friendly awesomeness at the just launched: www.fourfoodies.com
Forget saying I could use a drink or two, I could use a whole liquor store...11pm can't come soon enough
thanks for coming down to the show and rocking with us
I think the interaction between all of us on stage. There was a lot of laughter and stories being told about each song.
I know it's early on but make sure your voter registration current...
Growing up around an abundance of tough men has let me see that many of the strongest men I know have also been very sensitive.
And there you go, refs. I am sure you will mention the favorable treatment that Sullinger gets on your show. Horrible call.
i love how beliebers are hating on mahomies when 95% of mahomies are also beliebers.
Hope to see you at the Rox Box tomorrow night!
SO frustraited with #Ikea in Brooklyn I want to scream! How F@$&ing hard should it be to re-schedule a delivery? Ha?
As they say, it's not about the destination it's about the journey. What a whirlwind travel day to #SXSWi with
you can do it!!
The car is free! Pulled a nice 540 spin on the highway.
Looking forward to our event for Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb in Paperback w/ tomorrow, Thurs April 26th at 7pm. Join us!
We have two subcommittee hearings coming up this morning. Follow for updates.
you sit down & a salad is waiting 4 u, then they brought a plate of chicken, potatoes, & broccoli. #LBL failure.
SOON! (Thanks!)
Thanks, I'm so tired though!
I do I do!
I am afraid to ask...but will anyhow...what in the hell is a Bladder Sling????
Sept 10th<U+272E>Wig Out! Get Your Choreography On!<U+2734> A night of wild hoofing!<U+272E>w/ SOUNDS OF ASTEROTH, The Wig Out Cabaret,DJ My Little Pony and YOU!
I couldn't really see you but vinny
gonna try, been feeling horrible the passed few days but i hope itll pass soon. :-)
Listening to Renaud Garcia-Fons: Legendes Feast for the ears!
Classy dames
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!
Who wants to be in a movie??? Right now in dtla! Hit me up!
thx for the follow. u ever need a quick consult on an angry guy, let me know. no charge for a twitter fan! :))
okay. I'll just leave my house around 6 or so then.
Meet my intern, ladies and gentlemen: RT Laughing at my own funny thoughts waiting to cross the street.
Honduras takes the lead back, 3-2 thanks to a well-executed header off a cross. 5 minutes left.
Just a reminder: tell someone how much you appreciate them today.
:) What a fun show!
how do I go about mining business?
Instructional design is not dead, it's evolving. Just like learners are changing the way they acquire knowledge, as instructional designers,
I strive for immaturity and perversion. It's an illusive ideal... but it's all I have.
Why does it sometimes fill that everytime your day goes by so smooth someone always try to mess it up /
We already attempted to spend $800B on "shovel ready" infrastructure projects and failed. Remember?
#Starstruck is on (: I love that movie. You are awesome in it! (:
I'm thinking about coming back Saturday night. Looking at flights now.
Maybe return of normal appetite means my liver and I will be okay?
Ali's now tweeting for #AchordialBrio! ...let's see what her first tweet will be about!
RT : having a content management system doesn't mean you have content; it means you have a printing press (via )
No only follow People keep following that other name of which you speak. Damn alter-ego.
that video with those 2old ladies
You Was Spossed To Be Mi Ride Or Die. I Guess You Died..
that's on a school day right?
- Holy poo, just saw the xenophobic anti-Stabenow ad that was played in MI during the Superbowl.
I was thinking instead of being an architect, I could be a city planner
i do not have fav right now but i will tell you when i find it on you tweet
Don't miss Suisham!
A week without bud=a week without a full nights sleep. I think I have a medical condition.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
I think I'm good for either. Sarah may or may not have put in for extra hours at work. So she could only be available on Thurs.
I'll finish it after eye surgery but the date isn't set yet
Atleast once in their Jr. High life, everyone was obsessed with Fall Out Boy. They were just THAT band.
- so the cornerstone of our franchise is missing practice because he wanted to hang at the Super Bowl?
Stopping for lunch in Cuba, NM. People are lookin at us like we're aliens
YOUR FACE
We offer affordable and flexible plans to suit the needs of your child.
Awesome. Will check it out!
What happened to ? I have been too busy to check in much lately :-(
I learned that from authors #brookecastillo and #marthabeck It's changed my life.
Hell yeah I can use some. How can you get them to me bro?
Things like this shouldn't worry me, or strike my nerves.
I did and u was noo where to be found
Bout to hop back in the studio!! Who needs a beat
clearly I effed up my sleep schedule today and lastnight. Damn cinco de mayo! -
I can't even talk to you.
Websites with databases are great for distance members. Would definitely pay even in absence of quarterly.
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
Relaxing a little tonight sittng on the porch enjoyin the cool misting rain
Do You Try Communicating With Him.?
Best question from one of the kids visiting the studio, "Have you ever wanted a squirrel for a pet?"
not that I've read it, but it sounds intriguing and we still have similar taste in books :)
Share of Apple stock, or iPad 3? Decisions, decisions...
Jeb Bush just described how ACT has 18k tests that tie to specific jobs.
I couldn't help but notice you didn't say handsome.
“: My nigga what's good” chilling bro. Wat it do my nigga?
thanks bud. Good people over there.
Waiting for my dad is like waiting for a sloth to get out of a tree.
Ok so getting out of bed was unsuccessful. So
I hate when I have to leave him :/
#basketballwives its getting to the point where they need to hop off Jennifer click. Her name stay in they mouth
Mtgs w/ a comm. agent and a DP; editing a standup video; reinstalling apps on my Macbook; final prep for webisode i'm directing.
I refuse to let anyone take my joy away.
Bout to fry some chicken!! $5 a plate!!
So over whelmed with all these clothes at this ForEver21. Im about to buy everyrhing in this store !
age makes it worse.
why you gotta send a nigga twitpic tho wtf?
You're so fucking terrible.
Quick Network Solutions for your home or business
I think the defenses are looking sluggish...
Remembering the girls I knew in high school. And now most of them look used and.abused o_0 Wth happened? Looking 30 and you only 19-22
If I'm bad tie me down shut me up, gag and bound me cos the pain in my pleasure nothing comes better yeah
Overtime is nice
No t-dawg in the comics tho but it's a big black nigga name Jim that is more of a partner then Shane on the show. Tries 2 get at Rick wife 2
...and just realized Twitter doesn't relay web addresses as you type them in!
Nirvana and weed.
RT Most of us know from experience that we function much better when we give ourselves time each day to sit in silence
You wanted less how bout nothing?
“: Playing sonic on sega w/ I love this game!”---> you were killing it.
fantastc, i think you should change it to wed tho so i can get some subway at the airport?
I miss you so much! I hope Texas is prepared for the Ally/Nikki show in July!
A bottle of Poppy given to me by one of our Dean's has just made my day:) Love the flowery scent for these gorgeous Spring days.
They are investigating the possible error. Hopefully they get your issue resolved soon.
Go to Mike's web site, the HOFF pg includes a ltr y can cut, paste & send to yr local football reporter/HOFF voter. Help induct him in 2012
The County Sup that represents Carmichael voted FOR the County parking to be a part of this #ESC effort because she's MY County Sup.
A big thanks to for hosting an amazing event last night. was inspiring. Proud to be a MC Falcon!
Going to the beach. Finally a vacation for the first time in over a year. It's a mad mad mad mad world!
Just when I was saying "Wolf looks good tonight!" WTF!!!!!!
For the show on May 4, your site states "There will be two stages." What does that mean?
#youknowyourarabwhen your mom thinks that when you get a "C" you'll get no where in life
Never underestimate the power of a woman to find out and get answers! Men: you aren't as slick as u think!
please follow me your amazing and i love you so much your new song is the bomb , i love you!
How the heck is it May already?
i don't have any singing ability either. can i be a judge on the #xfactor? i'm just as qualified:) #britneyspears #WTF?
double brain damage - watching the buffs get blown out on sat. & sitting thru all those ABC Pan Am promos . No surprise it's awful.
sounds like he's almost ready to start putting up Zach Randolph numbers on a consistent basis
dope chillin with you yesterday fam
First session in Bobbys room. 100/200 PLO. Good luck sweet prince
Here's to a big black Friday for all the retailers out there. Remember to shop local!
Jeez! Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies! Francis Maude
great event last night at AFI screening of Beautiful Losers!! More of Jazz this weekend with Tony Madruga tonight at Madison!!!!
Just realized we're following What?? By the way, remember to follow
Good Riddance
Fell asleep at 8...and now can't go back to sleep. Smh
When I wonder "Who's this Heather Petty again?" on my Twitter-stream, I go to your book description and remember! 1/2
College baseball: Chipola moves on at state; Florida beats Kentucky - Chicago Tribune
Why do landlords become like secretaries every time they put a For Rent sign in front of a unit? Simple. They're using the wrong sign.
I've just been sitting in the dark for the past hour.
I bid you goodnight. Shall we meet again in the morrow, my heart will know no greater joy...I wish we talked like that in our society now.
u r #scandal ous !! Great show!
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
Fuck you Neal
Ha! Did that last night... K I'm signing off. Goodnight :)
I put this a lot beauty is in the eye of the beholder.<3
what color would you like??
Thanks for the follow as well. It is very excited and challenging!
any suggestions of another book/series that's just as addictive as the "Hunger Games" trilogy?
i plan to drink
was it a moving bus? if not, I'm not impressed
#san fran finna pull it out on d
I left New York via Delta & am now cooling my heels near the Gulf of Mexico in Citrus County Florida. Soon I'll drive to Pittsburgh, my home
What a great crowd at Blu ! Be sure to pick up a candy bar and scan the QR code!
Vans Warped tour is coming up and i am planning to attend... i think its going to be great
This man convinced me to do a drunk backflip..almost broke my nick
Coming down for the softball game and concert Sunday?
From Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood to all of our customers...HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Will be interesting to see a Chelsea team in the final without Ivanovic, Meireles, Ramirez and Terry.
I took two yoga classes and they were both terrific. Partner yoga is fun if you have a friend who wants to take it with you.
definition of #winning . :)
Saturday needs to hurry up ^____^
Thanks for the follow, Chris...following you too...
BooneOakley has such potential but their pitch is all over the place... #ThePitch I admire the goodness of this agency though.
....Oh well I feel stupid(;
So sad. Lots of teens want to be "stars." She just had a chance others do not.
Thanks! And congrats to you on graduating.
Left with the smell of homeless latch-onners
I hate waiting for class to start.
I'm hoping that #IdeaFit is up on the current research on #diastasis because #AFAA and #ACSM aren't...
7pm TONIGHT in Monroe 116, talks about Come hear the inspiring story of the boys of Urban Light!
Steelers let's go! You are getting TEebow'd
at Odom BBQ getting something to eat
I can't help that I keep going back to the same thought.
Drug and violence talk isnt gon get u in the door.. don't try to be someone u not.. it will catch up to u..
Nevermind I'll find someone like you. Just kidding. I never will.
On my way to Metro State to meet up w/ Nikki.....
At SEA TAC waiting to go back to #Austin. I miss you already my lovely NW!
no i win cuz at least my brain has some consistancy and isn't just a melted glob of mushh ;)
im about to go crazy. seriously
Thank you very much!!
Follow me on my journey to see if I can become Spike TV's next Ink Master. Had the casting call today in NYC.
I feel really stressed right now...
Is Pink's birthday over yet or still going on?
Bobby Valentine plans to make games vs. Boston College & Northeastern on March 3 nine innings instead of seven.
have a good day
I just finished interviewing with on air personality DJ Twinkle Toes. I had a great time. Hope I wasn’t too crazy.
Going to take a nap, the room just going to be me for awhile
im doing it, but in Indy, cant wait!!
do the lion king thing with jojo
no problem.
Thank you, Chris!
: " Hoping you get kicked out of those clubs!!! #nonringwinners #noringyet GoGo"
like you won't see it
I wish I'd tried harder, but then I guess I'd have failed harder.
Excellent! A personal GUI event is a sign of good breeding.
what is bala?
I complain about my life a lot, but fuck not every goddamn day.
did an amazing job on News4 #breaking news at #umd arrest of 19 year old student allegedly planning shooting rampage
pretty please with a cherry on top follow me
My parents bet me 40 bucks that I can't dress somewhat nicely everyday for the rest of the year. Challenge accepted
I know right and now I'm like balling my eyes out omfg
jam to bofa
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 41
Just made sure my pre-order was all set for the new and records tomorrow. Arizona's finest rock.
just so u know, u dont know
lol yea I may have to bring it back. Im going to start looking.for spandex and leather coats
your not bothering anyone cat I was just kidding.
It was. When I ordered the first phone, I was locked out of my account & needed to call. Does that not show as an invoice?
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the RT. Where do you study Library Science? I tweet for
5: i did not stop getting btr airheads until i got them all and got all 2x 4: i am always copying style 3: i love dogs
Enjoying great food today
For real though, revision's on the upswing.
Goodnight everyone (: <3
I agree. And it is good stuff. We're having a lot of fun with it.
Supporting our mission of helping SD Housing Crisis by demo-ing house in IB for Habitat on Sat. Message if you'd like to come participate!!
i know! I just like their all white kitchen!
These buffalo wings are going to come out with horns tomorrow - At least I'm not working
Max Snow handles beautiful forms, anonymity, and desire on film. Not "headless" but faceless.
"When I get sad I stop being sad and be AWESOME instead... True story." B. Stinson ... Getting ready to head to Ft. Lauderdale!
Burger. in sc is good. Will come back again.
FINALLY did my ALA voting. Fingers crossed for the Caldecott Committee.
People just don't get it sometimes.
I swear. We pay cops in our town to do crap. I like the way they watch people break the law then decide to do nothing at all.
cain is toast
“: Never invest more than you can afford to lose.” ---- said best
you had 2 border collies in your yard today so I wasn't sure. & chance is legit. He's been tied up though so he stops roaming.
Gearing up for ANOTHER sleepless Oscar night.
GOOD MORNING MYSPACE FAMILY !
Deflating No, puncture yes
Long as time.guess it won't hurt ta check
#drupalcon IDEO video in presentation shows the value of "fail early fail often" philosophy.
happy Cinco de (Americans exucse to drink ) Mayo
Congrats Tez! Now, when does 96 get retired, ?
he just knows one is out of his league.
If you are focused on your dreams & goals while attracting people of like mind & mission then there is no time for the negative. -Zach Marcy
Big time game for the #flyernation at home vs. Xavier. Good luck guys! I know the Red Scare is gonna rock UD Arena.
#PFPayphone omg. this is my new favorite cover. good job guys :)
That's very cool! Do you speak other languages as well? It's good to be busy!
would love to be included in the new DCTech list.
#MemorialDayWeekend in Vegas... Who's going to be there?
Thinking of attending the Idea Fit Personal Trainer conf in Alexandria VA this Feb. Anyone else going?
Stay this way all days
Metro "staying open until 1 am" was apparently an elaborate practical joke on Caps fans.
Happy Sunny Friday!
I has with and before in 's Adv Java class at MATC.
Hope all is well with u my friend keep your head up in my 2pac Voice.... Only God Can Judge U
thx for running me through my best & worst moments & always supporting me. I enjoyed the ride alright.
For accepted to warren :o Well Had fun today ^-^
Miami? SO JEALOUS...even if it is for work. Call me Friday :)
Who's hitting music week at #sxsw this year? Will be a great time as always & certainly good for business.
and loved when I got it! ;-)
I think he makes some great points. Urban areas must consider Elements that are important to older crowd to keep em.
Hey man! I got a twitter now, so that means you have to follow me! haha
This battle for Pick 'n Save will go down in history as the defining conflict of out generation
Yeah, and it still doesn't get televised.
Omg nobody told me. I def gotta go get some!!!
If you don't know me by now...
Makeup Artist for rent :D
RT : They thought I had guts they were wrong I was only frightened of more important things <U+2015> Charles Bukowski
I had no idea what that shirt referenced until I read the description. I'm mostly NBA illiterate.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely
That was a weak call
DJ is set to spin all night long for dancing partygoers at BOO, can't wait to see the costumes and cruising our 7 bars!
I might go to practice in the morning
Just call one of the Hairston brothers...
Great,great,great
Appeartantly my Jackson song is Beat it. (can't spell).
nice!! Cool app!!!
So many hoodrats around not enough rat poison.....no time!
Who is this woman outside my office window doing hula hoop?
Thanks for the RT!
Know amongst his peers, Yes.. in NY... Yes... but an international hip hop legacy! NO.
Sorry I don't tweet !! The thing is I'm busy so I cant tweet !!! :/
So exciting! Congratulations! Really can't wait to read this.
i love how everybody thinks twitter is dumb until they actually get one and use it...
I want cup cakes thanks to !
is a nonprofit organization aimed at positively impacting the behavior & future outlook of youths in the D.C. metropolitan area.
read BUMPED - thought it took a while to gain its footing as McCafferty built her world, but ended well
I'm with you. I jokingly said that in the boarding scrum last wk on Spirit. As if the $3 water wasn't enough!
cuz it's almost 80 degrees in winter. nothing weird here, ha.
If I was your girlfriend, I'd never let you go. Keep you on my arm girl.<3
Once we finalize the contest schedules, we will be posting them. We are still working on some details.
Learn how to move your product to mass marketing and production in a three part May webinar series from SalonVoices, featuring Charles...
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 70
RT 's in a New York State of Mind jpr.fm/zpp
Listen to "Question Reality" today at 5:00 PM to hear Sylvia Allen, Founder of Sylvia's Children. www.latalkradio.com/Priscilla.php
Previous tweet incorrect, only three female speakers - out of 25 - at today's #digiday event.
Listening to the latest recording from the boys , VERY nice stuff! Find yours on Itunes today
Longtime Indiana Congressman Rep. Dan Burton won't seek election for a 16th term
Will someone other than in the media explain what the Senate bill did this past #nmleg session?
that's weird, me too!
Snap! Havent seen it!! RT : You hit the big time! Mag pretty dope son!
'Civic Estrangement' as the problem of being at once a part of a #civil #society but without the rights of
#Imagine Austin taking you to his NY concert.
damn and I told this kid at school it was gay
loving my playlist!
what kind are you doing? I've been thinking of trying it out.
the worst thing is seeing him with someone else.
Mod def man - It's good to see you in your element !! Looking forward to hearing your new material !!
that sounds about right
RT : naive bayesian classifiers are good at supervised AND unsupervised word sense disambiguation (hey, it was 1998!)
oops, I was thinking of the wrong place. What's the answer?
I hope this push does you good
IM A BROKE NIGGA IM TRYING TO GET THAT 1.5 million cuz got
Called in sick for Dark Shadows tonight. Wonder if it would've made me feel better or worse if I'd gone? I have a feeling I know the answer.
Chase has to be mr 100......
Sad to hear Dick Clark has passed away. A true legend of television. Few people have had as deep an impact on the medium as he did. RIP.
Who wouldn't want those?
Excellent! Sharing our products with any group, no matter the size, always helps! Thanks!!!
“: They won't talk about #fastandfurious because none of them would be as stupid as #CNNdebate”
7:30's hard…9:45 is better…where do you live?
Painted, worked on some nail art, practiced my uke... Now it's time to trim some fat.
Snow is in the forecast...Texas, here I come! :)
Thanks target for supplying me with janky anchors/screws. Royally messed up my drywall. Your corner shelves are getting coal for Christmas.
and inspired me to dance there my biggest inspirations
#FF to for today's Yale football accusation story. It's really something.
Shaughnessy says having the Globe Insiders event on Red Sox collapse at Cask is like having a Jenny Craig mtg in a bakery.
#Brewers lead 5-2 in the 6th at Miller Park. Hart, Gamel, Gonzalez due up this inning, Go Brew Crew!
Damn! Elise is KILLING it on #Idol with "You and I"!!!!
now following this chica>>
Thanks for following! Happy to be your 200th follower!
is the best co-conspirator ever!
So glad I had no school today!i had subway god bless!:) and no homework...now I have to make up writing ugh!
DYING LAUGHING. Yes, it's a MUST.
Happy birthday to the amazing <3 u
with the new fashion week, is voltage still happening?
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
What's the deal with flies in coffee shops. So annoying.
Hate the Stansbury bashing. Dad coached him in HS & he flew in to be a pallbearer at his funeral. I'm a UK fan but RS means a lot to family!
i don't make icons but my friends know how i go on google
Don't live in your inbox. The world can wait an hour or two for your replies.
Bring back the foot clap
The Fresh Grill in Beaverton (across from Washington Square) has really great food. Highly recommend.
Man that was scary, ugly and nerve racking....but a W is a W. Bring it UNC.
RAYS WIN RAYS WIN!!
Having some fun with #followalibrarian Friday!
The Silk Tie likes Jason! Know where to get a good tie? we do :)
For what? ": Heading to Wewahitchka - Gulf County."
I was the fifth girl...they wrote me out of the pilot
Glad you like!!
where is that on the near Clemons center parkway
hmm, I'm a Brunette from Rochester. How's that? What about yourself?
Thank you for making my night. Awesome party wish I was there
go home? I'm laying in my bed!
loved seeing your pretty face today, hangout soon please<33
Vera ~ The impact temp & pressure melded = continental crust; KT(c) sediment; that = Alvarez eureka moment! OCEANIC :: (Mg2Sio6, CaMgS2iO6)
Nothing worse than hospital waiting rooms
um mine has it on the little tray...has to be a dude thing :)
Well, at least 3 months. You can use towels for extra head support.
Awesome! Thank you.
I, for one, am shocked Boston came back.
It's raining and I got a game later today .-.
I already forgot the last time we spoke.
Funny mine too!but not preg just winter fatness pregnancy motto: if it requires me to put on real pants, I'm prob not interested
what story Tony?
Seriously, it's the kind of quality I remember from when I was watching non-legal streams of anime on YouTube years ago.
Worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing. -Confucius
can you do me a favor? Please follow me so I can tell you what that favor is in a message. It's rather personal. Thanks.
amen man! beady eye and the high flying birds are good, but it aint the same
ohh yeah i totally fogot lmao. how is that???
live tournaments always sound fun until you are there for 30 mins and start thinking wtf am i doing here ugh
Well I failed embarrassingly in my last tweet :/ (that I just deleted)
We hope you enjoyed your dinner last night. How was everything?
We just came really close to Kreider's first NHL goal
That's the one. It wasn't funny...AT ALL. I didn't make it past a few minutes & what I saw made me want to scratch my eyes out.
attending NIST NSTIC Privacy Workshop in Cambridge MA today
DES Journal for April 26
Hello to all our new fans!
haha yeen' know? Haha oh wow, she dont got no Tv she told us that remember
I'm home. Rejoice.
Launched our new mini lava cakes. Chocolate, Carrot and Lemon. We inject each one with rich, luscious frostings. They melt in your mouth.
you're beautiful...
hahaha yeah it's so different going from 8 laps to 1.... hahaha
With the older age ranges how to you make sure you reach them via SM? You need to research your target audience!
Happy birthday to my main man I always thought you just really liked May Day in grade school. Must have been the birthday cheer.
That makes me hopeful! He's in Montessori like yours--since 18mo. I put him in another school 2mo ago but going back next month.
thanks Anna! We are doing quite well, how are you?
Getting my tux for prom...#TeamBowtie or #TeamTie?
Looking forward to book club tonight. Discussing Cheri Priest's *Boneshaker*.
Hey Piet! Just sent you an email. I'd be happy to help you out with your Nickelback article.
There are WAY TOO MANY options for you to be out of them, !! Nia makes people smile . . . . I have a class at 6 pm tonight! ;-)
You're my dream, my home, my life, my soul, & my dance.
Consider a pre-natal massage with us? We won 2010-2011 Best of Citysearch for Pregnancy massage. Check in at FS to earn points.
love that she just said it on air
Pleasee follow me! :)
Sure, we are working some accounts out there. The products should be there before we trek down there in person if need be.
right! Why! A 7 era at the ballpark. Why didn't we ride Ogando longer??
We are so glad to hear this! Thank you for your support.
I wasn't ready for that! Lmaooo, woah doc... No touching boobies on the first Date. Smh.
my...my friend Thomas... he...he doesn't know who Chuck Norris is D=
Breathe in, breathe out.
How do I get one of those red ribbons??
I love when you watch a commercial and think "That was great! What were they selling again?"
about 1230, lasted for 30 min. For me.
Double Congrats! RT : Congrats!
Blue Mountain State >>>
Whats up Star! How are you today?
Hey. In today's earlier post were you explaining why OPS is good, or what? Said OPS is bad...but power, OBP good. What.
its easier to ask forgiveness than to ask for permission.
Lights down, let's DO THIS THING. If you start coughing, you'd better be on stage looking for a candle to be lit.
#thingsthatineed some inspiration!
she's scared of black ppl...every time a black person walks past she gets scared...she only sat cause she's between her parents
Thanks ! :D hhaa
Thanks for the follow!
Hey man how am I suppose to finish this memo?
"Midnight in Paris" domestic box-office now $30 mil, worldwide now $57 mil.
if something is difficult, it is usually good 4 u; if it comes easy, reanalyze; it might not be the best thing 4 u...there are exceptions
Just finished up a great night of workouts. Back in the office returning emails to coaches and getting ready for a conference call.
Good job AMARE! You really came through for us tonight - NOT!
": Did you study for the test? Nerd: "Yup, all week long" Normal people: "I looked over it last night" Me: "we have a test?""
I keep six honest serving men (They taught me all I knew);Their names are What & Why & When & and How & Where & Who.
i like it, but what exactly is it?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand two faced annoying ass people.
Making going to bed early on a Friday feel less crapy by playing dance music in my apartment.
Looking forward to our neighborhood block party/BBQ tonite! Not as warm today as I'd hoped, but at least the dust storm has passed.
Tonight 7:00 PM: Laurence Hobgood Trio at the Jazz Kitchen. Live music 7-10 PM. $20. Featuring a live music performance with Ernie Watts
aren't you sending me the #walkingdead link?
So heated right now cant trust people sometimes like dude not even a month yet
HEy im trying to follow mour people and it wont let me
I sent u a contact request. Go get on Skype and I will call you.
RT A4: I don't mind digital galleys, but I'd like to have some physical object to share with booksellers to remind them to get them.
I at least try to give people a chance but that nigga......NO
Daily Special, Tue 04/03/12 - Thick cut, pan fried pork chop w/ dressing, mashed potatoes & gravy, and green beans. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
#breaking NATO says a bomb has killed three of its service members in eastern Afghanistan. No word on nationalities.
Teamwork, transparency, and trust - critical elements in any business (Judith M. von Seldeneck, CEO of Diversifed Search).
Glad to hear! We'll have to compare notes. RT I was just at Firing Line this past Saturday… ;)
I know life is going to change, but why does it change so quickly?
What is this fucking weather ?!
Congrats to the 22 MDC EnTec grads who received FPL letters of employment this morning at MDC's Homestead Campus!
lmao u a trip
that was a hot track!
I like the deals posted by ... Follow and RT if you love #deals and love to #save money!
I will wish good things for him and for you too that somehow you find him.
COM Theory and Visual COM. Two very content heavy classes
Just one more reason why Mondays suck. Even the coffee doesn't want to go to work.
ahh, such is the crowd that day. We'll see you bright and early for some boxty, beer and soccer. 7am open again this year?
i've literally been on the phone with AT&T for 3 hours today and they finally figured out what was wrong with my internet. So frustrating!!
LOL! If "IT" is a SECRET and you have to pay to get it... Do I have to say it? ENOUGH SAID!
Gentlemen who open doors for you are
Smile: tell me you love me let me see who u really are not some cover up. Ur amazing. Im glad that god brought u into my life
I WAS JUST TRYING TO KNOW U SORRY .....
damn, that looks good! who won?
I cant wait till this school years over!
im goin to do some jogging this evening, need to take advantage of this heat while its still here and sweat it out......ooooweee
***Wind is howling here in Abq, too - 30-40mph. Can you say bad hair day?
Just announced! First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
Let's hope the day goes by quick!! <U+E011>
70% of consumers look at online reviews prior to purchase but only 14% look at advertising
If u nurture ur mind, body, & spirit, ur time will expand. U will gain a new perspective that will allow u 2 accomplish much more. BKoslow
PIP is the greatest invention ever, at least for today.
#mcdonalds #coffee is amazing
Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton most equivocally do not speak for me.
Enjoying a glass of #Cabernet on the patio while the beef bourguignon cooks #nomnom. The whole house smells good! Love this Life! <3
BBN ... Welcomes the newest cat J.Mays. GO CATS!!!
Field trip tomorrow to see the hunger games <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> mrs barker is the best.
These guys take all the lying and deceit to a whole new level in this day and age. Makes it hard to cast an honest vote.
A tweet devoted to While She Sleeps
Good to meet you in person! Good luck with your event on 7/27!
Good Morning Twitches!!!!
When this baby comes out, it better drag my diabetes out with it.
all we can do is wait
hey Jacob you gonna come jump with us first?!
Hearing all this talk of Kardashians and how much they're getting paid for the next 3 seasons is CRAZY!
Poletown, Corktown, Mexicantown - all our neighborhoods and the amazing people who live here.
Fairbanks' 13th Annual Museum Day is full swing. We've been told our question is "tricky." *WEG* ;-p
you wasnt even gone tell me uy changed ur twitter name.. worst cousin
Come on, Detroit Tigers!! Take down these Texans!!
…ew, stop that.
I get my tattoos done @ ICON n midtown, by a guy named James Robinson love his work, as for my hair there's a ton of places
OK, thanks! I'm adding a comment to it now.
season 6 is only 11 episodes!! Help trend Mr and Mrs bass! Please :)
As a childless adult who still gets jam on everything when I eat it, I can confirm that this day may never come.
MITT ROMNEY made his small joke on the college student as if they couldn't make their own decision. NOT funny when you lose their VOTE.
OED thesaurus: "Professor Christian Kay, 69, one of four co-editors, began working on the book in the late 1960s when she was 27."
Now that Amy Winehouse is gone, what are her two back up singers doing? Those boys have the funk! Like The Black British Blues Brothers!
LOL. Well, I say makes you look like you gotta be HOT but I'll go with black and bald... :)
Today's one of those days. Just to reflect on what's going on in life. RT if it's the same way for you.
Oppenents hitting .150 vs starters in that stretch MT : #Brewers starting pitchers have 6 straight quality starts 1.62 ERA
yes it is! I feel more alert!
i am using correct grammar you f-u-c-k-i-n-g smartass w-h-o-r-e
Thanks so much for the mention this morning we're honored to be included.
I've been thinking along similar lines, but suspect my colleagues would react similarly. Good on you for fighting the good fight.
“Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.” ~Jean-Luc Godard
me too
Seeing my ex with someone uglier then me - the best feeling ever
Ryan Hinze with an RBI double for East, Middleton still leads 11-4
good and just sitting here
HAHAHAHAHAHA!! We both so cute ;)
Everything I want on ModCloth is ALWAYS OUT OF STOCK.
Your story is so inspirational I keep watching soal surfer over and over again:)
THE FUCK BRAHH ??? u like never tweet anymore :(
Nah, I don't watch anything new. I wait until everyone's bored w/ it and then watch all available eps over the course of a week
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
A gal who doesn't mind a little fish slime on her hands=sexy! :)
Aw, well thanks for being a pokemon squirtle fan back in the day !
es i might do my cover like austin mahone do his in im from Detroit
The Curved Dash Oldsmobile had a single cylinder engine, tiller steering and chain drive. It sold for $650.
Remember when Ari had 400k followers and we tried trending Ariana500k? Yeahh now look at how many she has now.
Thank you, , for bringing the mediocrity of sausage/egg/cheese biscuits to the vegetarian masses. I am whelmed.
I'm pretty sure is responsible for my addiction to
It' s true that we should accept others for what they are and all that.but what about self improvement and ambition?I proudly bully myself
RT Willing to pay slightly higher reg fee to have wifi next year? Please retweet! NCTE, are you listening?
RT : ESPN says Arizona and Denver favored to land Peyton Manning, but Vegas still have Dolphins as betting favorites.
I feel like I'ma throw up.
MY HEART IS STOPPING!!!
Some Tweet love for you from Minnesota....
Royals on their way to winning two games in a row going #HAM now on the MLB
Game time #Buffaloes! Keep the stampede going. #Shouldertoshoulder!
Thank god 4 another day!!!
Thank you to everyone who contributed to our May 9 Day of Giving campaign!
omg yes it was!! Poor Dickson :/
Filling in for the great Steve Leader on morning show. Snow and police shootings. Should be fun!
both films are very strong...Michael Kalish
Thanks, Jared. Hear there's going to be a good crowd of Young Dems next weekend, too. Appreciate your support in
Omfggggg my feet hurt
So terrible! RT #blackhawks just loaded #Hossa into ambulance, still no movement. Scary
Believe me, I'm already far too distracted to even think about this paper...
i could go for some starbucks right about now.
World's highest webcam brings Everest to Internet www.evk2cnr.org/WebCams/PyramidOne/everest-webcam.html
All of you guys who follow us are just awesome!
jin! no! emily won't be there either! i'll look like i don't have friends. ohwait,,
Understand when your spouse needs advice vs. simply needing support. Before trying to problem solve, really listen.
OK! I take it back. Now that Young Adult finished. It all came full circle. It was Pretty good. Super insightful.
Let's see how today goes.
thanks!!! right back at ya <333
anyone in LA recommend a good studio for TV type interviews?
Guess i picked a bad time to take a piss.
Record sounds DOPE Toni! If youre still looking for more material I got some records with your name on em :O)
The only thing that makes getting up at 5am bearable is that I am done at noon.
Bart's still a badass & he's going 2 come back frm this w/ serious vengeance! Still proud 2 train in the same building as Bart!
Ever have a skin rash on your face that only heals on one side so you look like a bizarro Greek tragedy mask? No? Me neither.
NaLee a fresh new mermaid trilogy
sorry it took so long to get back to you . They do this because they have not really been called .
Looking at more used cars today. I hate car sales men when they are pushy.
exclusivity when it comes to media will always makes the exclusive outlet more money. I think "cheating" is a red herring.
is now a member of !!
The great birthday wishes are overwhelming!!! Thank you very much to everyone!!!! I feel the love
Fairly unproductive day today.. much like yesterday... Which was exactly what I needed.
Need something to do today wanna spend some money # on myself:) I love me .........
When life hands me problems I take Steve Miller's advice & fly like an eagle.
TRAFFIC: Moving Lane Closures - EB Belt on the Yahara River Bridge, starting at 9am
The funniest part about running an all-uphill 10K is nearly falling forward on your face when back to level ground.
Hate being sick smh.
Headshot Discount only for my twitter followers. Spread the word. Save $50-140. Email me with subject "twitscount" for the details.
RT : Hey #Baltimore check the Baltimore Magazine today for a cool article we did together!
,what where?
this girl was finna kill over some Taco Bell -________- wow
try our new turkey wrap with cherry chutney.
Great inspirational video. I am small but I linked it to facebook. Good Luck Sgt.! I am sure you will go far.
: These photos belong in a magazine! So cute.
“…the highest social development of mankind is not possible.” ‘Abdu'l-Bahá [2/2]
caffeine and blasting tunes on lala - I almost don't feel sick anymore
Coming attractions: Government of the PAC, by the PAC, for the PAC. #whathappenedtomyvote?
hmm...man sitting next to me at clinic tells me he's here for gas problems, then asks me on a date tonight. smh.
John..have a great weekend..
&#39;Preemptive’ measures will accelerate tainted product identification - USDA
My horoscope says that this month i should be looking for a relationship. lol
Wow you can't help anyone out because its bad now.
new phrase I hate "roll out" Schools say 'we're rolling out c.core APPR DASA' Reform is not the British Monarchy. Change is what you make it
Try something new - Looking forward to digging into some code for iOS development this week.
Such sad news about Whitney Houston, her voice will be missed. RIP.
Temperature dropped drastically, only in
even tho im not nxt to u and this happinin i want u to know im here for u
: Seen it many times... was drunk and 'twas my first time with SS, HD and not in a theatre.
I want to make it a personal goal to be in one of your all CAPS congrats tweets.
really? It made her my spouse o.O
A7. Scottsdale, AZ: desert air, glow of Camelback at sunset, clear starry nights.
Actually kind of busy as a #fridaynightlibrarian tonight!
Anyone else super glad there's finally going to be a new bachelorette in the mix instead of the used up characters?
Agreed. &quot;: It&#39;s rainy, cool and Monday. Perfect time to cozy up by our fires with a good book.&quot;
hahahahahahahahaha #cardinals v
Single for christmas who would have thunk it... I guess there really is a first time for everything!!!
LIVE LAUGH GRANDE is now TT let's do this #Arianators let's get this on the Top Promoted Trend List
HF advances to the STATE CHAMPIONSHIP tomorrow at 1 30
Money is the move
& yall were so close
Finally getting around to setting up Twitter! Hello world!
Believe RT : Taking time out to salute everyone truly going after their goals and dreams.
Hungry at dis air port doe
count your blessings. You could be watching Anderson.
I been good. Haven't spoken to you in a while.I miss you
HAPPY*HUMPS*
shred brother!!!!!
ZoeBeats.Com <<<Go Now!<<<<<< Listen/Lease/Download/Leave comments!
I'm doing the same thing ! Besides the awesome ski part!
Thanks for follow. I think we have a lot in common biz-wise. Follow me please
I WISH I HAD SOME GUMMY BEARS RIGHT NOW!!!
“There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.” J.R.R. Tolkien
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. – Richard Branson
"I'm gonna nibble on your cheddar bunnies... Ladies."
Shout out to all my new followers... I appreciate you!!!
thinking about each other at the same time? i think so.
Confirmed: was at the 2short and 2pac concert in Stockton, Cali. Legit! 1996. I'm old school!
<~ gave me the idea 4 this new hash ~>
I just wanna F.
#ff the daily deal Experts special edition:
Putting out an album is more about the campaign plan than the music, there are too many folks with good music but NOT a good plan to sell it
BYE GUYS IM LEAVING FOR BCT I'LL BE GONE FOR 2MNTHS SPEAK TO YOU SOON.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
Are people who are obsessed with productivity more productive than the rest of us? Correlation / causation?
another lonely Christmas ........ #smh:/
What's up Homie?
You know what the Mormans say: "the more the marrier."
Catch us at the Epilogues and at Washed Out tonight. We'll be trying to convince you to come see us with Real Estate at The Gothic tomorrow.
Bummer. Give us some notice next time and I bet we could talk and into meeting at the Hofbrauhaus.
I'll just stick with Kensy on NCIS LA! She leaves more to the imagination.
tomorrow!!!!!!!! Whoop whoop #jumpingmode :-)
n.p bro . You know I love you . .
Ah!A day without internet sucks.../:
The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf- Shakti Gawain
Would anyone like to see me in the talent show?.
So happy for my guy just got off the phone with him he had a great workout with gulf coast hard work pays off. PROUD
Follow-up Question from Sunday Worship: If you’re lonely, think about someone else who may be even lonelier. How will you form new...
No absolute #linsanity this time, but Rubio wilts like a delicate flower down the stretch and Novak nails the biggest shot.
Altmetrics, datacitation, open access and supporting e-publishing.
By the way check out his song Beth I recorded on www.youtube.com/oksanabella
I want to develop television shows. Just don't know how to get into it.
but it's dr pepper
WTFYS RT THIS IS THE YEAR OF THE DREADS
oh well, at least my belly is okay.
Headed to Cap 21 Spring Gala!
Will you get to jump in the lake? RT : I wants to go to the lake this weekend
Thomas Alva Edison~ Hell there are no rules here - were trying to accomplish something.
Just wanted to say you always sound really great on the vocals & we're startin' to gel on the guitfiddles. Great team!
yes not giving up ok
Thank you for the introduction! Hello - looking forward to connecting!
LUUUUUUUUR!!! RT : Go Big Red! RT : Wisconsin senior Jon Leuer has been named to the USA Men's Select Team.
Bullshit is the greatest American contribution to the arts. You can't fight bullshit with art. You can only fight it with better bullshit.
$ECDC technical alert target range .011
Knock KnockWho's there !C's !C's who ?C's the day !
I agree, like I said, by far not a 5-star prospect, but I think he can be a decent career backup. Seneca Wallace type.
Faded Faded Faded Faded Faded in my tyga voice lmfao
Thanks to and for coming out tonight and seeing my Stand Up at Carolines! Blessings!
is there anyway my sister and i could meet the team after the game?? #justaskin :)
If your love language is receiving gifts, then I am not a good friend to have.
Hopefully power comes back on. Foxboro is still dark
OMG i DIDN'T KNW YOU had a boyfriend.???
Guitarist/vocalist Roland Van Espe performs at Shaffer Fine Art tonight on First Thursday 6pm to 9pm free admission www.Shafferfineart.com
real talk...
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DON'T DO WHAT THEY SAY!!!
Thanks, John!
is tired of this dude at work licking his lips at her. Dude has a face like Snuffy from Sesame Street.
Helping Write her Sonqq.. It's qoinq really well.
Be sure to get here early tomorrow for ! The first 100 through door gets limited poster & a chance to upgrade seats to 6th row!
Clearly living on a diet of hard drugs.
ugh so annoying-_-
my bestie jus chose a game ova me -__-
I wont be gone the whole summer though. I still gotta spend time with my niggas as well.
Something Borrowed <U+263A>
just say when doll and me and are there ;)
me too! best day of the week
@ LA Fitness <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Maybe she is a little weird. But so are most people. Shes relatable to so many people, she spreads love worldwide!
That song is the best
Today is April 17th - end of tax season! Thanks to all of our outstanding employees who've been working so hard!
tell them who you want pretending you loved what she did last time. then it's more of a compliment than a diss.
yeah okay imm shoot you then Bang<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
my brother took all of these on my mom's phone omfg
announced that Prince Harry would not be sent to Iraq with his regiment due to "specific threats" from insurgents.
or mixed!! RT I would be horrified to see a film I had shot projected at Regal LA Live.
Last night at Stern school as a guest lecturer at "The Business of Sports" class. Got to be in a room full of bright, engaged folks. fun
Who wanna tango???
"In my distress I cried unto the LORD, and he heard me." Psalm 120:1
#Baltimore Bound
Well, Mother of The Year is not in the cards for her.
Well... I was at the record store yestaerday and I picked up the new Misfits album... not sure why... maybe it was out of morbid curiosity.
Old news, old news!
<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>Facebook ,Dead ;Is Twitter Cracking ' I can't get no sleep ... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>#Who woke ?!
I live in a bubble on the weekends.
the greatest city that has ever been or will be!
Hey #CBS what the heck? Showing a replay during the final seconds if play.
A title 4 Man City is a victory 4 underdog teams owned by the richest man in the world everywhere.
they belong to my buddy from work. 11 cars. 5 rx-7's. It's madness.
im not talking about that guy we were talking about the other one i told you about in p.e...
what moisturizer do you use for your face? Coconut oil?
what video?!
FUDGE backwards is EGDUF.
it would probably sound like no other!
do you have a job
Music Arts Free Bluegrass Music Jam - Explorer News Music & Arts Free Bluegrass Music Jam Explorer News Repeats every month on the 3rd Su
I love Kyrie Irving. Is that gay?
I'm glad she did. Nice to meet u.
I still havent seen 's #BOYFRIEND video :( i really need to! Send me a link?
Hungry like the (Guitar) Wolf
Let Jesus set a fire in your heart... that will cause even the Devil to pass out!
Congrats to on winning a VIP card
Today while it was sprinkling, a DUCK waddled up my driveway. You don't see that everyday! Blackjack the cat was mezmerized!
we'll see if i feel like it fatty
#TILTS symposium 2 approaches: Mar 10 reception features digital art by Lawrence McFarland, Ricardo Meleschi, Trey Ratcliff, & Ali Miharbi!
For some reason I've seen a lot of lesbians today.
Go get 'em! Have a great gig y'all! Xoxo
haha love that!
your name in my phone .. Disssss bitch
i guess you dont miss me you number still the same
chilling bored wats up with u
Cool, thanks. I can use that. But it's a problem of translation, not an absence of function.
Forgive me if I'm hearing the Jefferson theme in my head -- my likes keep "movin' on up"! Thanks
If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
I already read Boneshaker and didn't like it as much! I love Nurse Mercy in this one- she is one feisty lady!
we're breathing the same American air fbsksgdhsjwvdicvwsgx
Goodnight fuck my homework (:
“: Redz really stressing over these centennial fees *points and laughs*”
anyone here on that lives in New York City? close to canal st?
That was a SWEET collision.
nice! I'll definitely be cranking that tonight haha
Thanks for the blog reco, We heart the official EMP blog!
Ratings go through the roof.
I liked that story!
i get home, eat, go on tumblr, eat, tumblr, eat, tumblr, sleep. i have an exciting life
partying, duh
Not being critical...as a gfted specialist for 10 yrs, I found that often, we expect kids to fit our system...not vice versa.
I like that name.
"Pee" you soon....? Thanks spell check... #notintothatfetish EROCK
can't wait to hear some of the new tunes, I hope all is well brother, I'll c ya next week @ crs
yea I know...
That awkward moment when everyone else stopped laughing 10 minutes ago, but you can't seem to stop.
Today's gonna be a beter day
Yes, I know is closed on Sundays, but the after hours package drop was locked, carted all 3 packages to another, with no drop box!
leave glendales team alone you fuckers
We build custom craigslist postings that get noticed and have a very high click percentage. Does your business take advantage of craigslist?
what was your most awkward experience in high school?
I hate being hungry but not having a taste for anything
I will have to try one of your yoga classes! What a great location to relax and clear your mind.
#Makesmelaugh how Brandon Inge is still trending and Nelson Cruz isn't. hahaha(;
did you get the championship right for tomorrow?
Good morning and happy Saturday!
hope #allaccess2012 is a blast!
Hahaha hopefully I'll run into you!
IMO, there's just a more widespread sense of zealotry here: "TX IS THE BEST OR GTFO!" "Ok then, Imma GTFO." "WHAT?! HOW DARE YOU?"
Y.O.C.O YOU ONLY CUTE ONLINE. HAHA
Ready to get wild tonight :)
What if the world valued musicality more than it currently seems to value connectivity?
That goes away if you go on another cruise.
let me stop before i get in my feelings again, lol
Thanks for lunch Jeremy. Looking forward to providing you and your company value.
Why on the coach? How about the Big 3 being accountable and making their $? Pro athletes are delusional about responsibility.
U r. Right
no ball today, this sucks but its for the better I need to rest..
Remember, remember the 5th of November. On this date in 1955 Doc Brown invented the flux capacitor.
It's a good thing she is retired then
Lip biting, Ass grabbing, Neck kissing, Whispering ..!
Hi! How are you?
A good song should lift your heart, warm your soul, and make you feel good.
What events are you looking forward to at your local Quaker Steak & Lube?
Bike ride + oncoming wind = feeling the burn.
MT : A3 Pro - going to crazy places. I just had a contract in northern Ontario. Got to go to Kapuskasing & Cobalt
I imagine you'll be regularly featured from this point forward.
We'll sell the Nexus but announcing a speculative or not final date would be a disservice to all customers.
They asked me to be on the list. But truly spiritual people are really humble. So I said no.
Peter Brantley takes the stage at
rinalinglinggg! HI JESSI! thanks for the follow! Happy Monday!! talk soon!
it was one of those runs, that I rarely have, where I feel strong and really happy the whole time... Yay me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
We love VW "you're back" ad - then again we are suckers for most dogs in ads. The story within a story a nice unexpected touch!
OOOMMMGGG!! Studying & Preparing To Preach Tomorrow!! I CANNOT WAIT TO PREACH!! I AM SHOUTING!! Bright Star Church (735 E. 44th St. @ 11AM!)
Damn, He Stood Me Up. I Feel Unwanted =(
Hand-tastic! Love these changing colored polishes!
thanks! And because of your great contributions!
I thought maybe it was the Swag.....amiright ?
Drunk and high at the same time drinkin champane on the airplane!
#Placebo was nominated 4 "Best Director" & "Best Film" @ the Dusty Film Festival :) Congrats :)
haha you can ride the elevator with me!
#IfYouKnowMeWell then you know im very nice && I love to help ppl!
gets your goals together and figure what you want in life
RT : Robert Shiller in the FT on how delusional housing & mortgage markets undermine the economy - via Joe Haslam -...
Watching Let's do it again.
If you have any nice marketing ideas that might involve a classical concert, I hope you'll contact us. Cheers!
Happy birthday, Governor Martinez! Keep up the good work!
The Bad Plus hurts my head. Hurts so good.
My body is too tired! Not in the mood to go out
true. I think I was near that age when it came out and adored it
There is nothing wrong with being skinny. Don't give me that real women have curves bullshit. REAL women come in ALL shapes and sizes.
No, she doesn't. I've thought about doing that. Yeah, I'd be worried. That stinks. Have u talked w/ her allergist?
Medical miracle....Neil Patrick Harris is expecting twins !!!!
Hate to see Omar Bravo leave the team. He was definitely a favorite player of mine.
airplane #travel tip 4 #parents w/w #infants during takeoff/landing letting #baby suck on bottle/pacifier can help pressure change.
Don't sell yourself short!!!
Oklahoma City/Lakers series should be a dandy. Btwn Artest elbow and comments last night about "not shaking hands with subs."
had to be truthful with them. A little shameless plug for the Voice while I was at it!
WAIT WHAT?! WHERE?!
I hate dressing up so much. Banquets suck.
Wishing everyone a very Happy Easter! From all of us at Boyercom, have a restful day!
Hey guy can you please follow me ? i Follow back ! <3
sir will their be a mafia 3 because this game is a work of art,your like a devinci,if theirs not then aww man
you just have to press a buttom!
My Love <3
I've often thought about applying the bracket-style competition to various other aspects of life. Racist cities is good.
Desk job=not for me.
Women hit their sexual peak in their 30's. I'm looking forward to this, not dreading it. :D
You got it any time. :)
well they finally got on the bandwagon. That's actual news.
Please let us know what your needs are during the outage and we will assist.
how are you ? Happy mothers weekend :)
Tyson Chandler to Be Named Defensive Player of the Year
Sounds great! Keep us posted when you will be coming back!
But u never learn to let go unless u learn to fly
$ <-U can't touch this.
“: The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and best friend's at the same time.”
I love you
Finally getting some Dre Beats. (-:
I see loser(:
“: did u see tht text it's the same answer -____-” Doesn't even matter no mo' dawg don't tweet me dawg.
This "all the presidential candidates' moms" segment has gone on a little too long for me. Why is this an issue? Go back to policy
Friends aren't supposed to lie to each other.
Can't stop reading!
I don't mind cold... As long as there is no ice or snow...
this is exciting development!
Sam dekker is pure #ONIONS!!
dude tht movie was so sad. one of the 2 movies tht teared me up ahhahaah
Brent Hruska Nate Palin Jason Whitney David Wheeler and Adrien Lee - The Energy Fitness and Wellness Team!
I'm thinking about taking a two week vac. As soon as I hear from my buddy from FL. So I can set it up, what do you think.
should be back up layer today.
etch-a-sketch your favorite GOP politician
Great morning at St. Vincent De Paul Society!
There's gonna be a heartache tonight... a heartache tonight i know
Thanks for being my 450th follower! :)
Happy birthday wishes to former Athletic Trainer Randy Toth!
*Need Graphic Design?Global Elements has the best!*This Week: Business Card Design plus 100 Cards only $50.00!Call me 720-542-6105 :D
my bad boo I didn't know u was following.me I got u ma :)
The perfect solution for selling a home in this tough market and a great solution for buyers to buy new home! call today to learn how!
im doing good sweetie how are you?;)
Who wants a SHOUTOUT with love ?! RT THIS . FOLLOW for FOLLOWBACK
Tower of Terror!
did you just wake up or have you not fallen asleep yet? Becuase it is 6am in CA and I cannot sleep. >.<
Nothing like a race condition to start the day off right…
Great next time I'm home it's going down...I owe Philly a visit. RT - lol yeeeessss! I do! #IHOP :-)
My little sister singing Bed by J. Holiday -.- Why ?
Courage is ripping your heart from your chest and saying "here....hold on to this for me."
Can we get libraries to serve as the DH "hub" on our campuses?
So I always wonder who watches my keeks! RT this if you do :)
Can't sleep....miss him like it was the end of the world <U+2665>
That's not a drop database kind of offense. That's a tool-around-in-the-yml-file kind of offense. Tuesday continued..
whats up shonda how are you
Thank you!! Sorry about the tag thing...Grr..It's like the pages are in a forcefield bubble!
Help Choose The Crewneck That LLR Will Be Releasing Very Soon. The One With The Most Votes Will Be Revealed This Friday!
iloveyou<3 did you ever see travis?
It's official: My old MBP is on the way out. The LCD screen is black and dead. To air or not to air, that is the question.
Just came on twitter and I got another DM from holland!!!!!!!!!! Ah <U+2665> ohmygoshhhh I lovee herr so muchh
hey kelsey, you should play it :-)
source of his power
hope you can make it to the profugos screening with regal cinemas Lincoln rd dir Pablo larrain will be there!
Glen Moray 12 year. It's a Speyside single malt. I've seen it for high 30's, so when I found it for $29, I picked up a bottle
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT! Shows @ midnight & 2am!! Also, $5 Entry for Locals per Thursday Night Locals Night!
Who tryna hoop today?
The best time for children to start learning to read is when they are very young, usually at the preschool level.
Yay gym partners! You know Penn Badgley is there too, right?
#Burlesque www.mondaynighttease.com/mnt/Sept_12th.html Isn't it about time you came? They will Trip the Light Fantastic Tonight!
sounds prefect <3
Sprint-Pyramid Workout:save the shorter sprints for lasts, resulting in a greater boost of metabolism + an increase fat burning...
"I give you bars if you need rhymes or reasons. Some people change it's a part of life, like seasons." Big K.R.I.T.
if we have a sub in 4th u shud skip ! Im not gnna be there btw.
- yeah, Durant is a monster. Westbrook has been playing really well. San Antonio seems to be coming on as well.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Those Dorito Tacos From Taco Bell
fresh eggs spring day
No plans at the moment, is there a meeting I should know about?
All the time i wonder, why cant people just be smarter?
Thanks Joe for the RT, you rock!
i have a whole dialogue to memorize before 3rd period.
RT : Best news I've heard in a very long time!!
NO I WASNT! being drunk on a mule is not drunk driving the mule had no motor
YAY!! We love having our cheesecake at Ginkgo Coffeehouse!!! They were our first wholesale client!
your oatmeal is far more superior then i am sorry i cheated on your oatmeal this morning.
You can save time and money by learning the importance of the home inspection process.
How do you not get water all over the Hulu?
And he sounds sexy saying it!
we are at a 1990s rave at ND? No idea haha...
It's about time ! PS I miss you!
Idk why this gettin to me but it is smh. Its cool doe. Wait till this weekend...
When is Hellickson's next start and why did I follow your U Heard Me Column? (Obvi answer b/c I follow every word)
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
oh yeah i forgot to mention that on my bday part of my tooth fell out. luckily it didnt hurt at all n just chipped off
Worked until 2am on CRANE. Watch it tonight on @ youtube #allwillberevealed and #VioletLawson deliver a superb performance.
I was in a couple shoots there a few years ago for you. It was hot then, bet it was even better this time.
Time to focus on more important things like #Brewers baseball ... and putting me together.
Not that you get any time to have a relationship as a company founder, even mobishu dog feels neglected.
Parties, good friends, dressing up, and finally the Tim Burton exhibit at the LACMA closing night! All I can say is: "This is Halloween!" :D
RT : 74% of #skiers or #snowboarders are regular #users of plateforms such as #Facebook or #Twitter ()
Really cool hearing on
tried out EZ>BUY for stickers: no luck. It didn't like renewal # or last name. Never had a problem renewing w. the old system.
awe Happy Birthday sweet girl!
In a rare bout of good news new (Continental's) online award travel site is WAY better than the old one. Booked 2 tickets easily.
dude. Had no clue he was on twitter. Must follow :-)
Reaching 400 followers soon!
“: 1 week from today I will be heard on-air with Mike Sargent on in New York City! Dreams do come true.” congrats!
If Im Not Following Just Just Tweet Me "Follow Back" KK
You will be missed! Enjoy showing DC how we get social in Detroit! cc:
#Obama at Metro Airport
ink deals: www.save20ink.com
guess whose cat spent 2 hours this morning locked in a closet again? (hint: starts with "s" and rhymes with "weenie")
“: Loll I'm waiting for everyone to start hitting up ” that's the exact same thing I thought haha
Pre happy hour w/ at Tonic
Just saw movie about Georgia O'Keefe. Very good.
So, now, I'm hungry. It's almost 1 a.m. local, and I'm in a hotel. Ordering food would take an hour. AUGH. #ReclaimWI?
wouldn't have made a difference if we weren't Ubaldoed.
rt if you wanna give vinny a kiss on the cheek one day
i know. but you'll be having an awesome time at pet calendar day! :p
yo message thing
Honestly, I want a dog so bad ;(
Meanwhile, PLANET EARTH already took her lessons and did her cha-cha, feeling super-thin...
But in all seriousness, I also proclaim that Wesley Willis beats both of them by miles. Oh, I went there again!
No parody here, son. We're the real deal. True Cubs fans who refuse to let Ryno get dissed by Ricketts & Co TWICE!
Sleeping on a pillow <<
I love Apple, but really, stop taking away our functionality (circa iCloud & Airport Utility). Why does Apple punish its own customers?
Anytime(: How are you?
you want to do yoga badly? Why would you want that? You might get hurt. ;-)
Tell CPUC not only R ratepayers not responsible4 SDG&E's fire damages,but we not not responsible for SONGS steam generator damages either.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
wouldn't know what hit him if he went out on the town with and I. Portland style episode of Entourage lol
think you should follow me..:) #Please!
thanks for the s/o!! Tonight should be a blast :-)
create. I do have to keep my frustration in check, or it'll turn into that kind of anger sometimes.
Great talk today by at
Page one rewrite.
got it bro!
I was only working with what you had said.
A good way to get out of a speeding ticket is to confess to a murder......just kidding! LOL
I won't be at the pub tonight, but the Spanish speaking channels are like 270-274 on our satellite. Tell Kenny to put it on for u
i emailed you
Looking forward to seeing the video about UVC at GC's Sunday evening worship 7:30p ET
Can anyone recommend World History books that have not been written by Americans or Europeans?
I want to sit around a camp fire with you guys as we hold hands and sing cumbaya.
ur welcom BEAUTIFUL !!:D and u will trust me on this one hehe ^.^
Cool, Stephanie! Have fun!
Great is our admiration of the orator who speaks with fluency and discretion. ~ Cicero
I swear i was feeling really energized before i got on the bus this morning... now I feel all fuzzy.
Ppl getting on my nerve.
The Barboursville wines are quite nice. Harmonious, distinct & downright tasty.
I dont even go on Twitter anymore... why is that?..
i just seen some bullshizz...........STOP lmao
RT : OMG! Just found out you guys are back to rock this planet. <3 UFB... please do come to Europe / the Netherlands
On a roll...auditioning for "Parks and Rec" today!
"Marketing IS everything. If your marketing plan isn't in line w/the strategic initiative, you've got a problem." - Mike Long
Recieved my Masterpiece Megatron yesterday. Instructions r in Japanese so I am terrified at the thought of transforming this lol.
The video game did SUCH a good job of the relationship between the Prince and Farah. They hate each other and stick together.
Mary from Toronto says There's a free bible in my room!
BAA advances to Semi-Finals, MA Theatre Guild Festival!!! AND 16 of our students won awards from Saturday's performance!
I should write a book about this...
pretty much the same.. procrastinating studying for finals haha
I just realized that I have been single for more than a year now. We!
In which puts on a hat and none of us recognize him.
#thingsthatpissmeoff when i'm doing something and someone tells me to do something else.
EVERYONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO DRESS TO IMPRESS HEAD OUT TO LONGBAR TONIGHT!:)
Alcatraz is a really cool experience. Also check out Fisherman's Wharf during the day. The seafood is fresh delicious.
thank you! :)
Me too chica ;)
I am currently in a social media class today so this tweet is my homework! Look for more interesting tweets in the future;)
RT : Now discussing the no-longer-published AAS Proceedings - which was, I confess, my favorite scholarly journal
oh ok then
in LA tonight at Let's see what's up w/ #headhunter nowdays
speaking of ... Jay Zawaski there Friday 2:30-4:30 for 670 viewing party for cubs. Anyone free? Giveaways .
SAP Targets 1 Billion Users And €20 Billion In Sales By 2015 - IT Jungle
Congratulations to Kenny Hayes who scored a Red Claws all-time high 52 pts - 2nd all-time in the NBADL's 11 year history!!
I don't know who Robert Mudlum is. Just saying,
I had an account, but no one followed it :(
Amazing how I know the Catholic Church made up the no meat on Friday rule, to help the fisherman, but still feel guilty eating meat. Bravo
Love has the power to transform any situation; you just have to choose to be happy rather than right.
morning! How are you?
no joke! Can't believe how fast it is going by. Crazy.
I've always used such terms as Marx defined them. Socialism as step to complete "equality" in Communism.
I bet so!! I would love to have that chance!
you guys have great communication skills
Tom &Jerry kids show? AWHHHHHHH the cutest thing ever <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>
I wasn't exactly awful...but I wasn't a natural either. The driving instructor recommended 20 (TWENTY!) 45 minute lessons.
A welcome to as new Arts Fuse advertiser: Requiem for a Generation is 4/2 at Symphony Hall + Dialogues of the Carmelites is 4/19-22.
yeah, I feel like a school girl with crush. Except it's more awesome bc if we wanna stay up late talking it's totally cool. :)
I'd think it was something in the water. Maybe someone eating something in the water and it spilled? Not sure though . . . scary!
Ah. Well, the Confederates could have used more farm shares as well. And I can't promise anything, metro-wise.
If we encounter a man of great intellect, we should ask him what books he reads. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“: Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!?!? Gotta support this one! m.”
When I grow up I'm gonna be a #MobileEtiquette teacher!
MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line 742G Bucket Water Heater ...
Asked God to show me a sign and he sent me about 8 in the past two days <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
niall has a tattoo :D
Happy Sunday Friends! :)
your welcome<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>. Next time you plan to stop by tweet us for our followers discount.
PinUps4RonPaul will be in Vegas 4 the Caucus Feb 3-5! We'll be signing calendars & telling people abt Dr. Paul. Any hotel deals?
just got my clown suit. it is fantastic. (bow)
Michael J Fox is SOLD OUT!
Finna get some pussy I think :)
Just saw the Avengers. One word...WOW. And saw it in IMAX 3D. DOUBLE WOW!!! A must see.
Nice, how did ICORE treat you? I will be done after tomorrow until Wednesday when summer school starts.
ha! Love it! Madonna word of the day lol
Your the MAN for ME?
Watching 35 & ticking! I cannot stand to be in hot heat so, the air is on in May (:
Resources have their own underground networks, even as they map relations between cities [think: production/transport of bricks].
is ready to rock it out tonight! Can't wait for you to hear these tunes tweeples!
When I get home I'm not going to know how to do laundry, cook, clean, or drive! All I'll be able to do is work out and dance!
Remembering Amy Winehouse. Listening to the Deluxe Edition of Back To Black.
idk yet its such a short notice haha.
Getting excited for our High School Conservatory in Aug. Email for more information.
Did #Tiger quit? WWW.ussportspages.com
Nothing beats working out after a long day at the office. Chest and abs. Hot yoga tomorrow.
god I have an awkward nose .
I agree. At least, if you're doing it for the "right" reasons it's not about that.
What kind of plane? 747? A380?
Listen to Your Mother-NYC now T-minus 24 hours. (give or take) Squeeeeee! Trying to remember to breathe!
u learning i know lol ha jp
Thanks for following us! Watch out for deals on out of pocket dental needs, our take on dental news and oral health tips!
The text messages I'm getting from my roommates are what I live for. If I could be half as hilarious as them, my life would be complete
You know you love your dog when: You plan your vacation around your favorite pet sitter....
#kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community Center...
The homies get drunk and wanna fight each other I don't get this shit but they will be coo in a couple days #HomieLove I guess
and this is why I don't like going to practice.. #fuckyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
jimmy eat world. <3
Totally jealous! Have an amazing trip!
If Jelena did break up for real tho. I don't know what emotion I'm supposed to feel... Sad? Happy? Excited? Sad? omg confused.
it kind of looks like those horses are coming up out of a parking garage
MILF at the batting cages!!
TY for the RT! Were so excited to be here!
offensively but you just can't underscore how important Everett's glove during the Stros' run.
Does Sunglass Hut have a trade-in option? Could use some new sunnies.
Have gotten to meet several millionaires the past 3 weeks. Have yet to see a Mercedes, Louis Vuitton bag, or Armani suit.
I don't know about bears, but I'd be willing to punch an Oklahoma Sooners fan...
More like 9 right? Hope it was good Mt. Hood 50 training!
Check out this young toy entrepreneur!!! Never mind he is 16 years old!!!!
Look for new #BiggestLoser trainers Cara Castronuova & Brett Hoebel's marketability to increase w/ avg viewers around 10mm
Time to fill out more college apps!! Ugh!! :(
wait so no ??
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there!
Good on you Buddy!
If they are unable or unwilling to work towards improvement, they should be sent to career counseling.
Crawfish Sunday! Bring the puppies.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours. ~ Yogi Berra
You can help in making your grass healthier, prolonging the life of your turf with Sergio’s Landscaping lawn winterization...
BTW, C.B. Bucknor is the WORST home plate umpire in the league.
My friend calls my strawberry-blond daughter a ginger nut, which I will henceforth find disturbing.
oh yeaah she is playing the next game , I forgot ? Well hmm hope you get a ride !
doing my hair, you?
Cracking jokes all day
Thanks for the follow!
come check us out @ the one community networking forum next monday @ the wyndam downtown!!!
famous last words!! It's almost like you knew FB was going to buy them. ;)
Eat tacos.
Lesson learned from last night: pyrex is not good to cook with on an open flame, Because that shit explodes!!
This is Gina's friend. did you want to review my product?
You tossed off that "best QB in NFL history" in Manning article pretty casually, when it's debatable to say the least.
Teaching someone the Twitter.
RT : yes but only because I work in the business as a bartender!
haha well hes finally following You all your dreams came true today (:
i told you that i get back from college wednesday and you said you were leaving then? lol
you are one of a kind ;-)
Today's method of self torture: online practice GMAT test in T-minus 30 minutes.
I wanna hear!!
Thanks Larry.
Every time I reach out, I am always rebuffed only to be asked how come I don't reach out enough.
If there's a way Leonardo DiCaprio can look like he did in the 90s that'd be nice
I want to wish happy birthday to my sis! Love you <U+2665>
Thank you for bringing me breakfast at work #spoiled <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>
181,400. Anyone get it yet?
Busy but amazing week ahead, can't wait to see how all my new FC's do on the phones, very FAB times at JustFabulous coming up! <3
all dis time ..i thought muh sub was cross eyed..he blind -___-
spoke too soon...
Congrats to Bill Belichick, on winning Mechanical-Pencil-In-Ear Of The Year
i can i guess
lmao really boy dhorts my human u crazy fool
No you not RT : Now im bout to be home alone
Remember when MySpace was relevant? I kind of miss those days...
It was good to see at church tonight lol !
Don't remind The Militant! :( RT haha! Still can't believe the Ducks have a Stanley Cup and not the LA Kings.
Today's personal game plan is to fine tune afternoon PD presentation, complete D.C. administrator licensure and job app., and pay lease.
RT : Follow and RT for a chance to win the Distinctive 30” Dual-Fuel Range! #Distinctiverange. For details:...
Just watched the 3 most relatable episodes of The Wonder Years ever.
I am sending a tweet through Siri
just let me know, but more importantly, we need writers!!
A thousand words won't bring you back i know because I've tried, neither will a million tears i know because I've cried. -
Same to you! :)
We are working on the details of Uthoff leaving right now. Hope to have a story posted soon. Stay tuned.
Papito give som t-en to eat. It Better be long and fat and slender... Yum
Been waiting all day to see Major Payne
Thanks guys! ": A free shake from is proof that Twitter is good for something."
How you livin??
Anderson Silva will you please actually fight next time I love your ability but sometimes you just chose not to fight
I can already tell today's gonna be a little bitch.
Yankees game tonight with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Heading to Austin for SXSW this wknd? You should be. Check out our party Fri at Austin Hall! Shady 2.0 SXSW Showcase, doors open at 7
Spice up Cinco de Mayo
The AP biology test was pretty easy, I think I got at least a 2. Holla.
Thank you for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
Why so you can stalk me and know where I live
Thanks for the RT, Yolanda! Cheers and God speed for a new book!
30 minutes till school!
Nathan Ryan Is On Stickam :)))))
might be a good idea
Can we please get a cameo from the real Ron Burgundy,
We have a pretty awesome surprise....
Also, OtherBoss said, "I hear publishing is a lot cheaper these days, because of the Internet!" Did not have time to respond to that!
yea dude, i should have a few free days coming up but if not we got the summer to fuck shit up !
Well *I* certainly can. Don't you know I'm HUGE on Twitter? :-)
A235cccc < kj85, button flats i check my big blind, flop 955dd, i bet button flats, turn j, i bet he calls, river 4c, i bet he jams for ...
My bf and I bought some solar powered Christmas lights! Better for the planet, save on electricity, and they are so cute!
pitch strikes, Helly's been right. (And those first pitch strikes depend on the ump's consistency.)
Will you please follow me(:? i love you so much xoxo<33333333333333 i'll be the happiest guy ever.
Depends on God's plan for you. I think you'll rip it wide open soon
Writing, drawing, and drinking at Quality drink on South Hurstbourne folks.
A full cup must be carried steadily. - Proverb
“: See what had happened was...” RT an intro to another excuse or a lie.
You're welcome!
RT Want a free 2 nights stay @ any Shilo? RT this & B entered for our 2K follower drawing.
I had fun chatting with fans and others at 2am on twitter lol...
haha I wish you were! I need an errand buddy today.
Feel you RT NyQuil is truly my friend on these long ass flights.
Random Fact: The song “Stay” by The Zodiac is the shortest number 1 hit with 1:38 playing time only.
***RECEPTION TO FOLLOW****
OK will. 3 round for mayweather.
I told you & Vero not to mention Chilo & Aliviane anymore! I thought Vero was going sabotage Bill Clinton Coming to EP!!
my friends keep calling me in saying & is post to be at the mall of georgia today if so im going :) jus in case
choose between platforms how to play modern warfare playstation it is
<U+272C>Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.<U+272C> Og Mandino
Please go watch the video I posted before this,its funny (:
at least 50 bucks (have done it multiple times to Germany), all safely and timely, but it was just a simple box.
Come on Dallas
My phone is over heating . ;o
Gretta on Fox says #Zimmerman was acting in self defense in the Trevon Martin shooting. What an asshole! #conservativerepublicanssuck!
congrats ! Little boys are so much fun :)
When things go wrong, NEVER blame other, look at yourself first, maybe you're the one who's caused it.
slightly hating my life right now
im thinkinng big tennis tourney tomorrow
That's what's up!! “: because at the end of the day, you'll be coming home to me.”
Your thoughts impact your confidence: whenever you catch yourself putting yourself down - even slightly - notice it & gently let it go.
Aw now isn't that cute lmao
haha, that is so not your car though! Its gonna be mine in a few years tho
thanks trisha!! i will post a poem every day, stay tuned ! :)
TAco Bell sounds fucking amazing right now.
Going to punch someone in the face
Thank you Travis! RT : Was honored to teach about Irish Whiskey today for !
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: the dance two people when they're about to walk into each other; a song by ELO; the way she smiles.
Matt and Nick Jackson enter the building and they don't look pleased. They head to the Dark Menace's office.
Shout out to blasy by snoop dog. Its on point!!
bye bye KG
it was strait .
Can you please use swipeless technology when I purchase gift cards so they don't scratched? I don't want scratched cards.
Thanks for the RT! Will you be going to the show tonight? :)
Day two in the studio. One more drum track to knock out, then the others can start.
*Slaps him on the back of the head* Take That Shit Off Nigga! Ha
Another Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; HC people & organization involvement can vary greatly during patient journey
that's the sad part. I can't for the life of me, remember.
Unbeleivable, thank God she was in good hands.
Craving coffee @ midnight.....hmm.
I have your travel wishes noted for future reference!! Lol
I know the yard looks Like a forest fire right now... #4/20
Can't wait for you girls to come to San Antonio!
O Americana in this case. Gotta love my
I know we've been spoiled here in Wisco this winter, but one snowfall & single digits already has me ready to get outta here.
#thoughtsduringschool im ready to learn... haha im funny, i rather go home and sleep in my nice bed (:
Live by the Rondo, die by the Rondo. RT : Rondo is gone for Game 2. No question.
Vodka Tasting Tuesdays! $29 All infused Vodka you can Drink(Taste)
of 70 low of 55 on saturday...I say we go camping...I make a mean fire
Happy Birthday Brotha!!!!
An arrest has been made in the Grape Street fire. Four children died in that fire back in February. More details to come from RPD at 2.
I will say this....More and more companies are "Dropshipping" these days to maintain their revenue in this economy, best bet: Call & Ask!
Could be something to quality goaltending, too! Smith & Quick!
I'm an Original OD. An original One directioner (: ahha
Oh my.
Hit and run driver says he's sorry
check us out..I can see u getting it in to one of our songs..;)..we follow back
Just dawns on me that if you're always comfortable and at ease w/friends then you're probably not very deeply #friends. Right?
thanks we had such a great weekend and met some wonderful people!
is it elderflower St Germain liqueur? Yum.
Dallas, TX- need females for calendar shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 4,500.dollars. (Casting Code B3)
please notice me!!! please 10
3 things in life are certain: death, taxes, and Sizemore getting hurt.
I miss you so much too!!!!
I was so close to buying them, but had to refrain. I must see yours! You always have cute stuff. :) (and, thank you!)
thank you! RT : I am in a hippie mood today. Which makes me want to watch 's show really bad. :D
too busy with the cafe game and other apps, right?
Open yo mind as u open ur legs i want to conquer mind n body
It would be best to start as soon as possible! Come in today :)
I think the Sheen Kimmel kiss might beat you two out...
Totally just woke up.... Dangit!
T minus 2 hours! See us tonight at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street, 19pm-2am. We'd love to see you there!
Just got to Prague!!!!
Sidney Crosby averages 1.40 points per game. Until someone else even gets close to that, can we table the stupid "best player alive" debate?
CLUE #2: Under stars of night, or in the sun so bright, you’ll find a small place of residence, without garage, yard or picket-fence!
I'm Melanie Sill, SacBee editor until last May, News & Observer exec ed before that, recently at USCAnnenberg as executive in residence.
Oh Happy Day! This warm weather makes me happy!
Just took the longest nap ever.
Just got back from school like 40 minutes ago
I'm reading an enthralling book & all I can think is, "Please don't suck at the end!" I hope he can end this well.
We have some extra San Diego Polo tickets (free 4 u) for Sunday. Great way to blend in some fun for the weekend! Reply or DM if interested.
We love San Diego! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks San Diego!
yes they can
My 3,000th tweet--a special shoutout and thanks to all of you who are mothers! "Every mother is a working woman!" :-)
Once again fervently denies rumors team is for sale. Specifically says canzano and jaynes wrong.
Stephen King weekend on AMC?! *puts social life on hold*
Big thumbs down to the asshole who hit my car and took off in North Bergen. Cop says there's a camera nearby. Here's hoping.
: Just go and BE with him/her. Have heard that's much better than words.
hey what's up
Hoarders is the best tv show ever. Randyland episode best so far
RT : Design for verbs : simple phrases, simplify the model of the experience. Design the experience not the content.
Duck Confit with Cranberry & Cream Cheese pizza? Of course! Pizza of the Day special, just $12.00. Free toasted ravs when you mention this.
Friday special in nearby Chinese restaurant: "stir-fried vegetarians."
wow i have neglected this for a while... the poor unused tweets!
so nice of you to say Broderick :-)
amazing storm! Huge down poor!
I love that song! :D
glad you're feeling tempted! You should swing by and check us out sometime soon.
Way too #giddy about Peyton in Denver
Is this for a book or a journal article? For the latter, pubs (or Sherpa) prob have a posted policy about self-archiving. +
horny teenagers
If you`re into scat DM me in about 10 minutes. I think I have something you might be interested in.
How great is rain?
Why are you always such a beyotch?
It never fails, I always drop my pick inside my acoustic guitar at least once every time. Grrr
#Ilovemymombecause to me she's been a mother and a father
i hav no clue
I have a zoo at home . 3 turtles 6 fish 2 birds 2 dogs its a prob.
Thanks for your RT Robin! :)
to clarify, that "someone" you mention was me. They are fugly shoes.
Some delicious pizza at for #ypweek. Lots of good things happening.
Now Came From School...Gotta Hit The Books... :P
not this year but well be doin events all over and focusing on new releases <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Happy New Year!
y'all Love me
You asked what I wanted to do since it's my day but you decided everything alright.... I guess
set your expectations right up front & be specif abt type of supp you give & plan your assignments accly.
You guys did great tonight! Nice meeting you! Can't wait for you to kill me on your motorcycle in Maine! Haha
Just shut up and put your hands down my pants # Itookitthere
omg, is it you in your icon?
I just wanna be there.....
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
S i t yo ass down somewhere. You AIN'T turnt up
I still haven't seen The Hunger Games!! :( someone take me please!!
Yeah that's the worst. We're being very careful with that.
What kind of beer do I like?
I've been up I'm at work now on my break I'll book it ok
Sorry Adweek, I'm done answering your stupid questions in order to see your slightly less stupid content.
No need to hate when we can all just "love from a distance" instead.
2012 NBA playoffs are weak cause the refs suck. And I'm not saying they're even favoring a team, it's just they're slowing the game down.
More normal than sound of music singalongs?
Pillow talk has not begun yet. we're last, so if you can't make it till later still come! You'll catch us! It's free! 93 N6th! In the back!
Yes it was! I'll be posting video of my pacecar ride soon, I promise. Very cool! Good to see you and too
Chris birdman anderson say it aint so
we love unsigned Sundays!! Thank you thank you thank you!
bribery comes AFTER the problem behavior occurs #wishmorepeopleunderstoodthat !!
Most musicians need gigs!.....hire live musicians!..."WE" need the work!..OK?
Haven't tweeted in a minute.
KSTP-TV Photographer has camera knocked off shoulder by Minneapolis Police officer during Occupy protest. See the video tonight at 10.
After reading all of these hilarious tweets, I've realized that all of my high school friends are doing twitter wrong.
Tryon Edwards~ He that never changes his opinions never corrects his mistakes will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Food is disgusting to me these days
LOL I love Baby Princeton
Stand-up tanning beds are the perfect opportunity to get your stripper on!
shitsss weak. Monster Rehab's or Rockstar Recovery al day erryday
haha i thought it was pretty funny. What are you doing over the break? just kickin it?
Any chance you'll be at Startup Weekend Madison this coming weekend? It'd be great to meet you.
oh my birthday's the 27th of january:)
hey hey glad you could make it!
What's up now?:)
Thanks Nathan!
I Hate Seeing Ethiopian & Eritreans beef about who is better than who.......
taking a final this early is considered torture in some countries... like america
IT PAID OFF! YOU LOOK GREAT!
says jeremy lin is amazing, but wouldn't one expect a player of chinese descent to do well in a place called MSG?
oh yeah!!!
u watching the Tebow hour on sportscenter They did a political poll Tebow vs Republicans WTF Tebow mania just went to far
I might see you down there, I'm thinking of heading over for a redlight/massage session. My legs have had it and need healing
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. -- Bill Cosby
hope the old bones in the house is ready for more quakes tonight.
you guys are amazing as well :)
no one should sleep in close.
"People Are Crazy" licensed for new Todd Phillips, Robert Downey Jr. film "Due Date"! Go see it November 5th!!
: loving the conference! spoke at an FIU networking event, and I've been hooked ever since!!!
Grizzly Adams pajamas!
Yeah Boi!!!! Can't wait to work with you, there is nobody out here like you man- NOBODY
Ok well I know I don't know her but please tel her I'm sorry and best of luck. I hope everything goes well!!<3
Today's #Pricing Tip: Using a search engine leads to price transparency- and that's how many customers start out
Sometimes im so smart I forget easy stuff, So I asked my girl Erin how to spell wierd, and she say's C, H, R, I, S. What an azz! lmao!
Anyone know a car dealership that wants to be all over the search engines contact me.im the hook up
Bout to pull a Bill O'Reilly and say fuck it i'll do it live with m finals
Last assembly ever
Thanks, you're entered to win! We don't have 1/2 sizes though, so I would suggest size 9 if you win!
was great at breaking down responsive design!
Today was SO** awkward.... Goodbye friendship with you...
This nigguh ugly.
So LA wins the MLS Cup...did anyone see that coming?
Showing me old copies of French fashion pamphlets is like dangling juicy bones to dogs.
way to rep brother!!!!
Love the games you do. Everything is fun, but effective training. Could you do something with decelleration?
Titanic comes on during previews and Nick goes Spoiler Alert: She let's go. Jerk haha
nice name ;)
u need sushi
same with me! And every time I went on there was something new that I had to readjust on my account to keep it the way I wanted
Today comes my old friend from M.I.T., I can't wait to see him!
finally going to lunch.... starving and recieving a ton of compliments on my new hair cut
About to hit a homerun
I never ever pay for Splenda. :D
Vodka is yucky alone, but when it's mixed with monster and /or 7up it's super yummy.
Having Kevin Costner speaking at Whitney Houston's funeral is like having Jar Jar Binks speak at George Lucas' funeral
Of course why wouldn't we buy them!!!<3
hey im just a simple girl in a simple world who is a fan of u i try as i might for u 2 follow over 3 yrs i tweet Pleasefollow
You might try soaking it in a glass of water, root end down, for about an hour. Mine responds well to that after I'm away.
hey boo I'm sitting next to a rapper, thought of you? PS he's crazy annoying !!!!!
<U+263A>Take control of your own destiny...
Eileen says,"here's how you tell someone what you did- really simple, really, really simple"
You. Are. The. Best!
Where yat? We are in the back in the center.
this one is me at a game...not good enough?
“: Sleep well everyone! Time to get some sleep, leaving holland for a 3 week north America tour tomorrow!! Let's go” << Chyeaah!
glassy surf is fun.
": Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high."
Surely does not feel like 6p
Just noticed you moved to SFO! Cool! Do you miss the Seattle sunshine already?
if you were my TV remote control, where would you be hiding...for the past WEEK?!?!
R.I.P. DICK CLARK
I am sitting in a social enterprise alliance board meeting you should check us out (working on web presence now)
The metro doors have not closed- we"ve been standstill over 15 minutes. This is ridiculous! I'm supposed to run late from my own causes
I thought Tubby was much older! :)
Thanks, Scott! Bret
Friday is finally here! Hope to see you at Zuma Fun Center this weekend!
my bf broke up wit me yesterday now i got a new one todayy
First half: impressive shooting/scoring for both teams. Second half: impressive blowing of whistles by the refs.
Thank you for the re tweet fam :)
Starting to close them out....goes to closet.....gets the broom #GoSpursGo!!!
RT from all over the place: "On 9/11 the world said 'We are all Americans.' Tonight, we are all Iranians."
thanks have added you!
getting ready to go out with fam :)
The child screaming next door has a promising future as a death metal singer
I'm glad you like seeing me!!!
My package from has finally arrived! Oh, can't wait to test some products in particular... <3
Ok, I'm out y'all ! Had way too much fun yo ! Can't wait to be back out here in a month.
20 more mins until Silent Auction B closes!
Just need se variety every once in a while
Need to get up in 5 hours! Been laughing all day at Obama's request to Iran to return our drone!
Hating yourself is a terrible feeling
Motivation is the key to success. Passion gives you the motivation.
for where ?!
Sports lookalike: & Ben Roethlisberger
Not sure. We're in playoffs now and not sure of my schedule. What's up?
Happy Monday! This morning's Blue-Rah was a big s/o to Jeff Curran as he gets ready forTOMORROW's fight at #UFC on Fuel!
Food coma
is #1 so far for the kiss 10 text the number 10 then your vote to 98500 NOW
Partying it up. L O L
Happy new year. despite everything, i hope its a good year. please pass that onto al as well i hope he finds half the happiness
WHAT IS GOING ON
Please stop demonstrating yoga poses in this coffee shop. I am getting creeped out by the unwanted intimacy that you are forcing on us all.
Follow Me Please!? 61
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "One of my favs. It's the "new" Bejeweled :)" by Rachel
Action Training Systems Wins JEMS Hot Product Award for New Custom Brady EMR Manual
you're sTILL IN SCHOOL
RT : Jaimie Monberg: Failure is a part of success. Fail fast, fail often & you'll reach success....
Can't wait to see them Margaret - glad to see you're doing so well! :-)
Room 412. Dance Party! btw....I'm alive.
in Central park and it's snowing!!!
wow i hate my life
If you forward your #Simmons email, you'll need to re-do this process after the College switches to #GoogleApps (May 25th).
I can't take this anymore
Contact me for some free coffee!
RT : I got today. Anyone want to make any bets, don't, you will lose money
ill go swimming, later tweeps:D
I was just really surprised that you two didn't know each other. guess Paul's been kinda MIA
Trying to get someone actually to read your post; mostly people just talk at one another
I won't follow because my hopes for his tweets are too high. Instead, I'll continue to pretend that Zach is
Which life (personal or professional) event sparked the writing of Good Deeds?
What's up
lol o wow
Dear tailgater who turned to go into Raytheon. You're F -150 and Murder Job do not make you a man. Stare me down all you like.
would you give bowling a try? For ??
Um hi you're cute. (:
Juneteenth at Mingei! performs this Sunday at 1pm. Plus stories, treasure map... perfect way to spend Father's Day w/ the kids.
Soda hurts in ur eyes!!!
that make me want to vomit!
I told a kid in the MAC store that when I was growing up there were 3 channels on TV & he laughed thinking it a joke! Shocked
Wtf Im Finna Get In My Bed
If photos like that were on the phone, I'd sell them or blackmail someone to make them go away. Either way MONEY!!!!!
I got jumped and the ppl broke my left leg and 4 of my ribs.
tix for at copped. Woo!
RT : Yep, all mine. Not even all that I own, just all that fit in the picture. :)
call me
The #TMNT view count now at 143K+.
what are you doing after tonight
cheaper to keep her lol
A smart mind is dangrous
I love class with and <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
why is it so hard for guys to turn off the lights, i mean he's in the shower and every light in and out the house is on smh
Q7: I keep making veggies in different ways until I find one they like! Hubby LOVES veggies now
The sun is shining.
#30thingsaboutme #1. I majored in business, but I'm now running a catering business. You never quite know where life will lead you!
Thank you, Suzie. Have a great week.
hey friends..
Anyone us kik? Add me leothelion361
MIchael will be in at 8pm where he is guest host MSNBC with &
Here is a great big thanks to Mr. Fred Allen & Mr. Ned Livengood who were my inspiration. #ThanksTeach from FHS Class of '72!
“: so they replaced one Dick w another? Sounds about right in IN”---I know! I'm REALLY surprised Mourdock won
U fuck wit the most weakest animated bitches ever lol
Q3: How has the market changed for author events and tours in the last several years?
Started reading. Got inspired. Started writing.
And happy birthday to you :)
aw thanks for #ff me! Hope you're well:):)
Two exams down. Four more to go...
"RV stands for 'Redneck Vacation'"
I miss those days! We were wild lol.
RT: " Kaila-Luke's GR8 w/ commentary" ROCKED it! His constant consumption of soccer pays off on&off the field! ;) cc
Starships were meant to fly..
Its been a Channing Tatum marathon at my house today it seems, but Im not complaining ;)
One more fuckin' time someone tweets "one more fuckin' love song I'll be sick" I'll be sick.
Grey leaves open all color possibilities.
Lies kill trust and it's the lack of trust that kills a relationship.
Is there anything more malicious and heartless than the republican party? At first I thought they were just confused. No, they're assholes.
Thanks for the S/O. Looking forward to the tweets!
Seriously, he needs to get this over with! My guess is Cleveland....
Wrong message, Lads. To be the best in the best country in the world, it doesn't matter from where the comp comes.
Inspiring woman (and funny too)!
Dont take anything for granted !! One day you'll realize tht even the small things tht u thought meant nothin really meant the most!
I have no idea
You're so smart today! This is totally the Leslie, Annie M., and Jim Fredal show.
If you come across another one of these, I would really love it! Or more, my daughter would.
Just mailed my application for graduate school. Now I wait.
That's my new favorite pic-- by far-- of the cafe interior!
It's tough to call this early in the season but I'm predicting #stanford RT who do you think will win the NC this year?
“: Thanks!” You're welcome and Thank you also
Monica just sent hearts to me in a text
Great question.. I believe Rdio/Pandora/Spotify are included in "online radio." - can you confirm?
#Str8LykeDes.. My mood don't wanna be bothered...
awesome event, how can participate #yougottamove "7th Annual Youth Entrepreneurship Conference"
That's great news! :)
nope, don't plan to leave anytime soon. :)
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
they throw ur balance off
: Footprint of an RDA can incl blighted & non-blighted acerage
He played 1912 minutes in 2011
about be doing taking pics 4 my stop motion but then i have to edit it all!!
I love our conversations
Hmm wat do I want to eat?
Google "Swaggerpuss" and while you're at it follow
What are the must haves on your iPod when you go on a Vacation? Music or Movies?
Agents & Managers, Investors & Venture Capitalists: I am looking for a few good people, ready to move big ideas. Don't get left out. 31912
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
If you're following the poems in HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God, there's a new on tomorrow at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Pg.
29 resumes for a Bilingual Housing Counselor job at $13 an hour . . . that's the most we've ever had!
Thanks for the RT
I don't get how someone could be in a relationship, but their out partying every single night as if their single!!!!
#scon12 is starting ...
Matt can't go wrong. He's just flawless
another day another dollar...
People need to grow the fuck up!
Ah, taht works. You don't have to fill in what you don't want except a first and last name.
I like to be different, so what.
Omw to class,,,
You're the man.
I bet you never loved a four letter word as much as that one. :) so glad! Been thinking and praying for you. <3
Thanks....I can't believe anyone listens to my nonsense sometimes...LOL
SEO, SEM, & e-analysts can easily be over informed with stats & report. We need big picture vision to focus on new e-marketing strategies.
Cal & Stanford have produced 6 of the first 46 picks so far.
"Despite massive wealth creation, happiness has not risen since the 1950s in the US or Britain... No researcher questions these facts. So a
Starting a new book is the best! Hope it flows :)
Real niggas say tru": I say fuck you unless I'm w/ ya if I take you outta the picture I know real niggas won't miss ya #noLIE"
Got to see speak! And now want pizza...RT : #Chicago - tell us what events you're attending!
Finishing FCP final edits to "Selling Knives to Jesus" (short film)
Huge win for Great start to the homestand.
#stepstosurviveahorrormovie Don't scream or breathe heavily when you're hiding!!!
I love melons
bad girls club tonight <3
AWESOME! “: just quoted you at the iSchoolSU Convocation. #iGrad12”
No, not at all! Every other Fri. is just guaranteed I'll be in Kearny Mesa. :)
love you<33333
I was THIS CLOSE to meeting you tomorrow, but I have to go to school. My dreams=Crushed :'(
Now that's some outside of the box (spring) thinking. Sorry, I couldn't resist ;-)
not a big beer guy do mostly liquor.
My teacher just left in an ambulance...
I was hoping you'd text me today blah
We do real tweets, Had another productive day! Buisness accounts opened, Important meeting tomorrow, wish us luck!
Planted in front of the television watching my #Steelers kick butt!
Looks like I've been raped by mosquitoes in my sleep.smh
How many connections on LinkedIn did a person need to get in on the $LNKD IPO?
enjoy it while it lasts cause this is my last year and im not sure if ima miss it lol
RT : Speaking of Zednik signing w/a Russ. team after nominated 4 Masterton trophy, its Clint Malarchuk's b-day 2morrow. >and
<U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> I don't actually know how to make boxes or check marks, I just copy and pasted it 'cause I'm a badass like that! Ha!
#shoutout to my newest follower ! Talented musicians and vocalists!!! The newest album #anothersideofme drops 1-10-2012!!!
The awkward moment when paul uses a whole page in your yearbook
Le go bigshow
Nothing like a pb&j on fresh white bread!
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Challenge of making our school libraries as sites of participatory culture
Meredith, Thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
You never really can fix a heart.
Looking forward to seeing and family this evening at our place!
Day 87 of 100: I am thankful for finding a way to work with my built-in camera - will I have the web-series on it or will I edit it? :)
that's good to hear! I've been doing really good. I was gonna text you today but I took a nap haha. What have you been up to?
My other account is and it's the one and follows me on.
I'm getting on my flight from Bogota this morning & connecting in Orlando... I'll visit some friends for a few since the layover is so long.
ravienna-note: A Youthful Mind
nice one...i like that..dont give up :)
Todays Relationships: you can touch eachother, but not each others phones.
Los Angeles for TG. Do you have any plans for the holiday?
#5ThingaICantStand haters :P
I'm really excited to see you both
bring it ! call us, we want details!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
RT : Yeah... like Romney pulls his own zippers.
So tired I can't even nap.
I only made it halfway in the door.
"Remember people we're only as strong as our weakest bladder."- Sheldon
Trick won't work: Fins would pass on Luck for an o-lineman. We're all going to fake-tweet amazing picks dropping to the fins
Remember the scent of her whisper. Hold on to the moments that make you smile.
I love Pocahontas! Haha and I know ALL the songs. I would love to. who could refuse that offer??
I love Judge Judy, she's such a bitch
Ellen asks nicki minaj on the show, "Where will you be in five years"? Nicki responds, "Probably having a baby". I would never expect that!
How are they undefeated and yet completely embarrassing?
Got three songs cooking at once...My new CD is just out and I am well on my way to a follow up release. Happy Friday
Who is ready to #ShineYourDivine with us #Denver? This June #Event is the biggest #Consciousness & #Awareness gathering of a lifetime!
When you buy a Prius do you sign something saying you'll slap an Obama sticker on it and drive 10 under the speed limit in the fast lane?
Golden Gods awards now playing!!
LGA-DTW. Can it be I stayed away too long. Did I leave your mind when I was gone?
no doubt kid
congrats! It's exciting to see the power of Netflix Instant. You'll enjoy it.
Yrs n yrs of constant study and postulations n I officially deduce...women r out of their f**kin minds.
What's been your favorite experience at Sundance?
why do you say that?
I think #Fiji is the best water. Anyone disagree or agree? If you disagree you're wrong.
I never really liked the Red Wings, but its safe to say that I loathe them..
I'm sitting here working on getting 20 Jamaican artists into the US for a concert... I NEEDED THAT BREATH OF FRESH AIR!!!
thankyou! you too(:
It's time to stop treating the problem of edu productivity as grinding eat-you-broccoli exercise, it's opportunity for innovation. A. Duncan
Thanks to everyone who came to mine and josh's signing, we appreciate it
like a health clinic ?
Sitting on the porch with a fresh pair of shoes, tell a buncha stories to the neighborhood kids, tell em to believe that I made it this big
Yes... Free from cat guts...
On time and personable and accomodating. Show up on time, price was competitive and the follow up exemplary! Reccomend Clean Cut Contractors
“: "I'm a drinker with writing problems." #BrendanBehan” You'd think this was a quote by
can u c me now
My all time favorite toast: "To our enemies enemies!"
Goodnight everyone, tomorrow will be interesting. Mad love.
no pictures, you never document the chaos
only one: old hot brewed coffee poured over ice.
I have a headache /:
Boys and girls agree that leadership has no gender. Yet only 1 girl in 5 girls believes she has what it takes to lead.
eminem is a total hottie, but then again so are you .. soo okay =p i miss youu btw!
BREAKING NEWS: Dick Clark is dead at the age of 82.
If I pre-order the SmartSuit3 will I get it by 3/16?
I'm seeing Ironman Wisconsin sucking you in!!! :-)
All My Biological Meaning BLOOD Siblings.
ahhahhahahhah ... im tweeting ! u ?
If yOu Appaer Intoxicated: the Mark Huntsman Story
The American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom. - Maya Lin
Never again, never again
omg i had a dream that colleen and i had like a brodate and we spent the day together and ran errands and went out to eat and shit
Hey there peeps! please vote for my friends baby, thanks! go to the link on my last post and I'll love you 4 ever! :D
My sister is trying on dresses and as soon as she walks out of the door, I say "no."
My wife just our first baby! A beautiful girl named Kennedy. Wow, what a life changer, amazing to watch the birth.
Glad you're enjoying it!
Easy to say when it's theoretical. RT : "I would love him every bit as much." Good answer by Rick Santorum.
working on a customized Chexx Bubble Hockey machine for Voodoo Doughnuts in Portland. I think it needs to be themed "Cupcakes Vs Doughnuts"
Rio Margs are flowing at Civic Center Park- come down and watch the final stage of the USA Pro Cycling challenge.
BINGO is open to everyone! Game pack start at $12. Additional cards available. Come on by the Cultural Center. The fun starts at 10:45am ...
In the cribbbo <U+E403><U+E058>
You'll be enjoying some soon!
All A's all year
Belfanz: We can't have another decade with half of our students not graduating HS when there's no work for that.
Thanks for tweeting!
*hugs* I know the feeling. I'm right there too. Hope you feel better in the morning. :(
#aam2011 "10k+ followers" session: make twitter work for personal comm using twitter chats---gets social media back to the personal again
I hate catching myself humming one of their songs.
In Our Industry, making $30,000-$50,000 Per Month Means You're Basically Applying Yourself In a Limited Way Part-Time!
Eagles of Death Metal playing in a Miller Lite commercial. Well.
Is the June US tour true!?! :) xx
wat ya phone dead
And im thankful 4 what I do have...my wonderful hubby & 3 awesome children(including my dog child ) :-)
Of course it is. I heard she was talkin crap again. But I'm just gonna ignore it, cause obviously she doesn't listen
weight training all week is going great! Every day motivates me closer to the goal- One rest day this week w/ NO excercise but it was needed
no problem! So, have you seen any good concerts lately? What's been your soundtrack to sing to in the shower?
#SweetGenius bye bye birdie man
Pop: We came out with a lot of energy. We were able to jump on them pretty quickly and we sustained it through the game.
S/O NEW Followers #TeamFollowBack Everybody GO FOLLOW THESE FOLKS!
Thanks for the follow. How's the printing biz?
Mouthfuls often spew in others' space while speaking. I know...I've done it.
You might trying contacting your local state humanities council.
i am fantastic! how are you???
Ants can lift and carry more than fifty times their own
but your not getting that emotional attachment how you would with the person you love.
I hate when substitutes come in the class with an attitude -___- like whatever your issue is...it's not our fault .
If your success is yours and yours alone...it will be a long and lonely journey...
Happy Mothers Day to exceptional Moms
Jersey Group was live!!! Yea I got ambition to go to New Jersey
Raunchy ass strip club we at <
I may be inclined to agree
take us to the dance! #go blue
Nope no love
never mix business wit new friends...
Back at Live. Back at Home. Back at Twitter. Back at everything. iLoveYouLittleSister.x3
Brain is designed for active/outdoor learning...So we have kids sit in chairs for 6 hours a day... Good grief.
My bitch pussy fire gotta extinguish shit
its a song.. i realized after i tweeted it its a hoe lovin line too smh lol
RT : Why do I torture myself by looking at my schedule for the week? // ha, when you figure out how to stop let me know!
What's next? Transgendered males playing female sports? Lebron may get that ring yet...all he needs is a sex change and Gloria Alred!
Aww--big foot birthday, with the burger cake.
sounds great
Excited to hear the Jayhawks are joining Garrison on the MN State Fair PHC. Friday. Should be great show.
If only life had one!~ RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button!
smile love bug!
QPR say up , and rightly so . Hope to see The Hammers back up next season .
Great game Bringing it back to the 303
You make me proud! xo
“: No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.”
Did somebody say something about your brown skin that made you want bright babies just to feel better about yourself? Just asking
babe are you okay? :c
New Shake It Up this Sunday. 8/7c Don't miss it. Its going to be.... EPIC!!
Home. Showered. Fed. Flyers game in bed. That's. what's. up.
#FF: For your #DarkShadows Twitter needs: , , ,
Why did the Japanese - so smart people? Because they do not blondes!
big deal
Thanks for the bday wishes!!!
it will & he'll go further which is good. I almost cried when i saw the GIF of him in the San Antonio Airport eating McDonalds
Las Vegas weather is always crazy, a couple days ago it was 98 and now it's in the 70s. Better than 120 that's for sure!
I wish the fireworks would stop so I can sleep.
Anybody know how is doing? Trying to write update for I'm at 818-840-4315 Thx!
Im not gonna follow people no more on twitter. Bitches follow me hahahaha.
The field has snow on it but we are still going to practice outside
Soldier Boy Inform Them'
What's wrong with nathan? Someone tell me please!
"late at night when all the world is sleeping I stay up and think of you! And I wish on a star that somewhere you are thinkn of me too?"
Creatives for the rescue! Anyone? “: Anyone know a good typeface for a vintage street sign?”
whose fault is that?
I went to get Bristol Palins book signed for my friend when I was in DC for C-PAC...for all that goes on around her..she came off genuine
Hemp was once considered legal tender in the U.S
I come alive at night...dead to the world from 4am til 2pm
Remember when the Bucks used to struggle in the 3rd quarters to start the season? That problem is back!
your insults always were a little worst because they were sung so damn well haha
it's a french press kind of morning!
#edt246 it is this work ethic that doesn't allow them to enter school as much, leaving them out of the school community of practice
hah, that's funny
Can't be close minded, makes things boring
+1 RT The psychology of sports is fascinating. Especially with Hockey Goalies, Football Kickers, and Baseball Closers.
Remember me? :)
I did...Awesome! It goes all night long. Hence the name. Art All Night :)
I will send you a copy of the questions they asked, I barely failed and only studied the night before
Gonna sit in with KADEISH a salsa band that is recruitng my services for lead trumpet on Saturday at a hotel gig I wonder If I hav da chops
What's your favorite restaurant in #SantaFe? Restaurant week starts March 4!
Amber chester is my favorite person in the world.
Congrats to Agustin and the rest of the team for a great beta launch!
sorry ur bromance only lasted a couple unforgettable hours... But its prolly for the best, i mean u dont wanna hurt steve?
ME TOO! That's so bad! There's so many places that don't get signings &we're like "WTF, this LA, you better do a signing here"
Researching Food History - Cooking and Dining: Burnt Custard
wtching the grammys and cam in with kenny hamilton hot!!!!!
only cause she blocked me. Did she tell u about that
Adele's album, the best breakup music EVER. I definitely had crying and belting fests of this album...
Traffic gives me headache.
No they are not, they are available on eBay and Craigslist. Lmao
Celebrating National Ice Cream Cone Day with a pint of Ben & Jerry's sans cone. #typical night
now its a lot of bad bitches in the building, AMEN
I don't mind. It's my favorite kinds of movies. I love all the superhero movies. I'm glad it worth it.
summer plans are complicated.
Congrats 2 on the #MadridOpen Final win.
I hate when adults say "you don't know what love is" Love is a different definition to everyone.
No way! Wow!
damn!! Ur pics get me throught a rough day..!!
Excellent! We love making our friends' days better. :D
can ABQ folk go snow plow sale shopping w/ur ATL folk? :D Dang people...4 real?
Ive been tapping into my voice these last 2 days. Im not there yet but Im getting closer. somethings gonna happen soon. Claiming it.
God bless America.
thanks my dear! makes me wonder/think about how we'll share our work w/each other when we don't live so close
What's better than St. Paddy's day brews? Desserts made w beer. Dominique Ansel Bakery offers a Black & Tan eclair made w Guiness & pale ale
me, your future best friend :)
hell yea
Question. I have 8 good seats to Any suggestions where I should sell them?
before eating a girl out make sure you finger her pussy enough til you see the wetness drip down her thighs.
“ wad boy
just sad that man u was beaten.
Sometimes you look at the serving size of something and you're like WTF? I mean, who eats half a packet of ramen? No one, that's who.
I'm not going to cry...I'm not going to cry...
yah. But can we worry about what people think? No! Not never.
Federal inmate Keith Judd actually giving Barack Obama a run in today's West Virgina Democrat primary!
Your very welcome!
I agree with it hahaa.
Let's make it happen!
Today is a glorious day for reading. Now, which book to finish?
Anyone else watching PUNK'D with ? LOL.
Radio production today. Sure beats Math or English or Physics or whatever the hell you University people do all day :-P
sounds like you got #whitegirl problems
Thanks, Darryl!
Why do I continue to fly US Air when they continue to disappoint?! The definition of stupidity.
Thanks for the retweet!
I live in Salem, Oregon. We have just had 3G signal. Today I had 4G on my phone for over 1hour and now its back down to 3G?
Everyone is as God has made him, and oftentimes a great deal worse.
Fat Scratch Fever IPA. Hells Yeah! Can't wait to try this one.
damn... you said thank you
Professor just dropped off a chapter he thought I might find interesting. Feminist & class analysis of the Fil Am experience?
- Happy B Day! I hope it isn't downhill from here. That means I'll never best my output from The Daily Aztec days. I've peaked! NO
Congrats on everything on your end. You are doing very well. Good luck today as always :)
Join us tomorrow for lunch-n-learn featuring Rabbi Stan Levy co-founder of Bet Tzedek. Noon at #LA #Museum of the
I sympathize with the homeless and poor in our country, but I feel like Africa is worse off. Its more widespread.
but the way how you argue is pointless you don't know bout ball you should stick to your yanks or your day job
Paper has been around for almost 2000 years & has undoubtedly established itself as the most effective & versatile means of communication.
YOU'RE MOTHERFUCKING WELCOME.
#nook I cannot believe George Irizarry, Digital Manager w/ is saying it'll cost me $35 to replace my device.
Animation Reel is completed. I'll post it on my website tomorrow! :)
We really enjoyed the Palomita, which isn't a surprise since we're such big fans of your Merlot . Glad we have more!
Brother Who????
Just straightened my hair, and now watching the
Would love to hear an update from you! I am getting so excited for the New product release.
!! Our kids get out May 23!
An estimated 1 out of
Bitches like you ain't shit.
Hm...kind of like the little match girl. What makes it harder is not even knowing most of your neighbors.
YAY! Val said that Donald Driver doesn't need 10's to win - he can win without them! Duh:)
I need you to hit me up, peace
come on heat
If you don't know where a cut is on your hand, Purell hand sanitizer is here to help.
LOOKING FOR SHOWS !!!
I can't wait for the weekend.
I just txt u lol
Photoshoot in Berkeley & San Francisco today. Bay Area commercial photographer Napa wedding silicon valley siliconvalley videographer
lmaoo we already talked about this lesbian bond you have !
I need a shop vac!!!
Vivaldi is such an underrated composer, every time I go back to him I'm pleasantly surprised.
I'm kind of getting used to this new hair style, something
Listen closely to your enemies. They tell you your faults.
Know that i must pass this test...So just pull the trigger.
Pretty slash really excited RT : Winter's coming.
I want some company
So i found out that they never broke up (x
About once a month.
Hey Stephen ... good to see you here! I'll be in London myself in late November--maybe we can cross paths?
I will drop kick you in 3-6 months.
saw it last night. Good stuff.
Oh wow. I love Loki in Thor. So innocent.
you should go to sleep :)
I felt like they did in their initial statement? Basically saying they should've known better than to run it...
AMAZING! And Rinny is gaining time on her. Fight to the finish!
#2011was an average year
#dhtrial does 5.7 million hinge on definition of "complaint" . Jury asks for definition
nice to meet you on here!
RT : New York Panhandler Teaches Marketing Firm a Lesson: PR Web (press release)Blue Fountain Media (www.bluefountai.. h ...
Just found out does a public calendar of upcoming LA literary events. So cool!
yay just got back from the lake. wakeboarding was a little chilly today but not too bad. working at the us bank golf thing and then PARTY
._____. Savanna walks so fast home from the bus stop. LOL
I'm tired of coming second to the ever changing people in your life. Sometimes I just wish I never hit that follow button.
What a perfect week for vacation gotta love it
"New Rose" by The Damned always makes me want to dance like a Peanuts character....I am not embarrassed by this.
Do you ever catch yourself acting in a discriminatory manner towards someone?
Congrats ! looks to be as cool for electronics purchases as Farecast was for airline tickets.
Mirror mirror on the wall, mirror tell me what is wrong. #MeMyself&I
The U.S. is trillions in debt -- why is the government using $70,000 in taxpayer $ to gift the President's two books overseas?
I've been following you since like 09. I wanna go to AC!!!
Hello OK Magazine - We are a teen webshow and we are interested in interviewing you guys for our Entertainment Report
Successful people ask uncomfortable question, challenge the norm and explore alternatives.
Just ordered a watch.. Pretty kick ass if you tell me..
Happy Birthday! Idk if I told ya..hope you had a great one! :-)
Thanks brother we going to 300 bowling tonight RT : #50FTY Birthday Shout Out to super-producer #SALUTE #WHEREdaPARTYat?
On mah way to school very nerdish lol gonna be a blast today
for real girl!
No, President Obama is not pandering by taking a definitive stance. Pandering would have been staying silent to satisfy mods/conserves. Duh.
when my son sleeps in my bed he takes it over! I'm boarder line falling off and this is a queen
Judge says arson suspects are "an extreme danger to the community" keeps them in jail on $2 million bail.
Whatever we had, can we have it back?
So unmotivated to get ready..
Had a request to alter some data in a CSV. Finally got to say, "stand back, I know regular expressions!"
See if these females kno how to treat a woman...
One Direction all day..
However many thinkpieces later, still think Girls (the show, not the band) is very smart, very funny.
Having a great Wednesday so far! Lookin' forward to new event meetings, SupperClub later!
Happy birthday !
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> Dear god, suck a dick bro. Xoxo
is consolidating Adobe Volume License accounts.
taking care of my sick Carter today
When are you gonna be active again?
It's been five years since a number one seed has won a playoff game.
Here's to the Mahomies who loves Austin's single #SAYSOMETHIN(:
At this rate, I will clear security 40 minutes after my flight takes off. Give yourself tons of extra time this AM.
#ThingsIDislike girls that go for lads 5 years older than them, and thing they have a chancd
Why do I have the feeling this evening will not result in Dempster finally breaking through in the meaningless pitcher win column?
I have already reported myself on #AttackWatch I hope that by reporting myself early, #Obama grants me some immunity
Happy Birthday!! May you get everything your little heart desires! :)))))
Thanks for tweeting and posting my video for 's "Still Alive."
Indianapolis Colts: Team&#39;s first rookie minicamp begins today
Damn Astoria Oregon is beautiful!
um yeah.
spraying myself with Someday before I go to bed
wrong answer...right answer =
Not surprising, though. Local + mobile, both more prevalent
Heyy so I'm in a musical this weekend and it has irish dancing. It's at Lakeside H.S. in ATL, Georgia. Wanna come? :D
Yeah. Rickie is scuffling hard.
Idk what to get right now...
heading to our last family get together for the Holiday. All day tomorrow with just our immediate family.
I've been there a couple of times before but I've never had a milkshake from there. Loll.
Hanging out at Shimmers with Dorena!! Getting ready for Dark After Thoughts.
notes that name "labs" provides the idea of experiment and implicit beta
Critical Thinking: It's not just for scientists.
You're all so ridiculous. I cannot wait until I graduate. You all need to #SmokeAbowl and calm down. That's what I'm going to do.
u were great in Think like a man
I just got fun pants that will blow last weeks #fpf out of the water!
Grannie Recipes Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I left you somth'n special...cause I love ya! - Your BF, Bulldog
Domu is Latin for home. Here at the domu offices, we exclusively speak Latin.
We will see you there!
I ain't gonna talk to you about makin history, I'm show you how I make history !!!
my one hand is enough to fight against the whole world if you hold the other one :)
just wondering today.
Congrats to you and David! Thanks for letting us be a part of your special day! "Sweet pix" are coming your way! :)
Come one bulls make the smart desicion
hope i did good on these exams got one mo to go!
lmfao !!! You would be doing that lol
On nice days like today everyone in my neighborhood is outside, now it looks like the Telemundo version of 16 and Pregnant out here.
#OnEverything The team is about to tear it up!!!!
Unbelievable 49er's game!
15 years ago we lost the #NotoriousBIG!! You know will be playing all day on my Pandora!
Tomorrow is Sunday Funday @ Hollywood Tans Hillcrest (5th & University) Starts at 10 a.m!! Join us for a tan and have a mimosa on us!
Ugh I so wish would wear some pants on #TheVoice. Isn't the tiara enough? looks great though!
everything alright?
All around good day. Helped with e-mail distribution, planning much needed web updates, and registered for fall grad classes. CASE tomorrow!
We torture body modification thing.
been a really great weekend. done so much. wonder what the week will bring? work unfortunately.
Not using a condom is gross, my vagina has a dress code
I'm watching last night's #xfactor - theres a prize for anyone who can tell me what the fuck is up with my hair, eyes & face??
what time is the game tonight?
I'll feel way better about this shady business if NBA Memes guy to gets his Facebook page back...
You're so right about that.
sunburns suck SMH
Today 1900: Spencer Tracy, Academy Award winning actor, was born in Milwaukee.
Ferrari World shows GIBTM buyers a winning edge
Call me maybe at karaoke? Stop it.
Anyone having a working car they'd like to donate? Maybe 2010 or newer? Or a truck? Plane? Dogsled? My feet ache.
Did you survive?? Can't wait to hear all about it...
Thank you so much for following! :)
Time to focus on the other motorcity kitty... LETS GO LIONS!!!!
If a guy can't break up with you to your face then he's a bitch and you shouldn't even want to be with him at that point.
I have a friend going to the Amex party at 7. Open bar. Wanna meet there?
your drunk!
lol. My mom just caught me awake and flipped shit. Next joke please.
CRAZY nice game!! Break that record!
I just want a job!
Fan&#39;s Take: Five Fantasy Baseball Stars from Friday, April 20
SODA BAR WINS FOR ME
aww congrats! I heard your prom theme is gold forever! Haha
One needs a will stubborn in conflict, but apt always to the total acceptance of every consequence of living and dying
Thanks for the follow, Mary, and advance congrats on your upcoming book. -D
again - I don't understand the nasty attitude - at least I challenge myself by following others with different views.
First, I can't believe I looked. Second, I want to caption every one. Third, dude has future in Soviet Rambo flicks.
The OST Perm team has an EXCLUSIVE perm spot in #Vermont. We are looking for an IT Director with an Infrastructure bckgrnd.
I miss you yo!!
Woke up to some interesting shit !
I'm an mpeg fetishist.
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there, especially my own mother. I wouldn't be half the person I am today without her.
Doin Dis Target App Uqhh Why Its So Long !
I had my money on Lane!
so true, now that you mention it!
when I eat skittles, I go yellows, then oranges, greens, purples, reds.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a scenario which common sense may control successfully.
Total. It made less than the cost of a single ticket.
Bonding with my brother!! Hehe
:) i do to my flower. im so happy it's getting warm outside better things 2 do drunk lmao
I think you should give it a try. I won't judge.
"Spring Break 2008" - which snowballed into everything you need to know abt costa rica, and was subsequently shared with many friends
I Cant sleep somebody text me
We also have to invest in maintaining Georgia's existing industries - economist Roger Tutterow
If you don"t stand for something, you'll fall for anything.~Unknown
Watching the U. Miami beating Texas 46-3. This episode of 30 for 30 never gets old
Friday Humor: "The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble." - Justine Vogt
man idk, I don't think have off from work
Yowzza. Some things never change.
Now only eight! RT : 10 mins until the start of the #builtheritage chat!
i want to go cart-surfing with idk. i wish i could. imao.
#CraigOwens is back in #Chiodos? Didn't expect that at all.
Thanks neighbor! : A few people I suggest to follow!
awww so true
anyone using a web-scale discovery service with image collections included (ArtStor/ Luna)?
hey, the vid link doesn't work...
Watching tv for the first time in like 5 years
This week will be exciting Skyping with Duke University on Wednesday-Friday
It's National Sangria Day! Celebrate a drink or two with us!
I would hate for the only question asked is: will AA religious people still vote for the pres.?
dang lol okay maybe I'll come before. Just bc I'm having thanksgiving with my mom & sister
lightning and computers don't mix...trust me. finally back online after a week filled with internet silence. A blessing and a curse.
: My true tragedy? George Harrison. I was a George girl. Sigh.
Sometimes I really wonder how many cataloging decisions are guided by ILS limitations!
OMG!! Can't wait for to come to the woodlands!! I got tickets for June 24th!!! Im so excited I've been bugging my mom alot (c)
RT : Tune into 88Nine Radio Milwaukee right now to hear soundchecking live at Turner Hall Ballroom
Has anyone else noticed that there have only been four female speakers? None listed for the rest of the day. 25 total presenters.
I never realized what an ass Clay Akin is. And so easy to manipulate by that the fat woman.
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
Leaving for the holiday weekend? Don't forget to unplug anything that doesn't need to stay plugged in while you're away!
The hardest thing in the world? Putting a screen protector on.
I am so sorry. I had a VA purchase and VA purchase of the buyers' home, both came in low. VA app appear to be low often.
alright i got you.
Good morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.-Hedy Lamarr Enjoy your day!
“: Harvey Griffin, a 2014 out of Nash (NC) Central is one to write down. Kid can play.” G Road baller of course.
Looking forward to a great day
Big shout out to LMCA and all the awesome people at the show yesterday!!! You guys rock!
just entered WebServius into the contest- I see that you're confirming submissions by Twitter, would appreciate a confirmation!
You are actually proud of this? Nugent is not an endorsement anyone running for Pres should want!
yes, brilliant. they could have little NFC gizmos inside and then at the end you scan. tally shows amt of confusion, deception etc
getting ready to go to Xalapa. any recs for what to see, eat, do?
really? Does that question need more than 2 sec of thought? Tits on back. Obvious explanation.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Rage!
Your all beautiful!!
On this day in 1992, former Panamanian president Manuel Noriega was convicted in Miami for drug and racketeering charges.
whatd u say?
She Gotta Donkey on Haa Back ;D
I need ah go getta ...
Finally get to see my horses tomorrow (:
I'm horrible at the waiting game. Hashtag eager.
Come try free pound cake samples today while they last! Goes great with a Cuban Coffee!
lol, Aw ! :* You get a kiss then
#21in21 and I am up to date, just taking off a couple days for some R&R but I have some great blog posts coming without missing a day...
so bummed we didn't cross paths at
I will! RT : Peace Sis. We opened at the beginning of this year. Come by and visit us. We'd be glad to see you :)
3:15 today! Listen to Max 94.1 as we the team will join talking about game on Saturday & community support
Can't smoke at the club?? Get an E-cig from www.genxvapor.com and vape all you want!
“: R-E-T-W-E-E-T this if your up and your a #Freak I wanna follow some of my REAL #Freaks Back! ;)”
Thx! RT : We would like to thank for hosting the Rare Disorders Research Consortium Conference on 2.29.12!
who u got for me
I didn't like last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Practice 5 in one hour. ROTC Is already outside in formation! Great respect for those students.
Seek the Lord and his strength, seek his presence continually
I want to give them guys who came from out of the country 2 of my club cambria tickets
RT : S/O to my new follower(: (I only follow the cute girls)
its official 10 days until my birthday :D
> ???? #ThatsAToughOne . i need some time to think ;D
wish it was heineken
Seeing The Game #TripleH walking with Team #Mayweather .... Classic!!!! Good Fight
PROMISES Message: "A smile is the perfect gift, personal and encouraging."
lmaooo no I cant do that
<U+2708>with me or don't <U+2708>at all!
Is that the scent of Eau d'Où I Want Your Job Bad that I detect?
William Caxton is the first English printer
IT IS FUCKING GOING DOWN GRASSHOPPER! THAT'S ALL I'M GOING 2 SAY, TELL THAT HATIN ASS NIGGA 2 KISS MY EN-TIRE ASS! ALL OF IT!
yay you're here! :) welcome!
Thank you! If business builds there will be contests to get free shirts after the first of the year.
Damn How can i feel him more then i due .!
I've done those things too....and every artist I know that had a popping single, high quality production, and went thru the
Positive activity is essential to a positive mind & body.
We agree! RT : Nothing better than a productive, fruitful day with positive conversations & people!
#Wisconsin: making national news, but only about the embarrassing stuff we wish wouldn't get out.
We need that tax cut, well I will speak for myself I need that tax cut.
. loving the music today on
Two questions - what r the needs in the 9th and r the needs in the 9th different from the city as a whole?
The special caucus that CNN had on was awesome! Maybe our future isnt so bleak.
Drunk Jeff and Brita, hilarious
Not sure if you are familiar with the work of but his score makes me wonder about coding validity.
Hey! Follow us please? (: Love you. <3
#InCaseYouDidntKnow But I can also be the nicest girl you've ever met (:
I wonder if you can call in sick with bieber fever.
Such a wonderful thing...waking up to a #LAKings win and a #coyotes loss.
hmm, yes. code is a shape-shifter in the law! many inconsistencies and implications.
haha! NO for real ones :) how are you?
Yes sir. It will work!!!
Thanks for the mention and visiting us. I am glad you enjoyed the sandwich!
Workplace #safety tip 4 lifting: avoid twisting your body, point your feet in the direction you want to go & push don’t pull
You, sir, are gross.
13th Indy 500, sitting in the infield this year.
Morning! Yes #DWTS was good. I thought Donald might go!!
Uh-oh... ": I guess drinking not that bad"
walk up in the mal had to cop em al she asked me why I stunt so hard I said b*tch because I ball truuuuuuu
33 victories for Mexico vs. 15 Victories for USA.
Happy Mothers Day Momma Henrie !!!!
hey girl good to see you on here too!!! how u been? follow back muahh :)
What's your email?
if he remembers us, I'd laugh. That was so long ago. Ill order the pistachio ice cream just for you.
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
congrats girl!
Tyler's not going to Hollywood!
It took forever, but even the crappy plastic ones look awesome.
i follow back ; click that follow button ;)
Defense of Marriage Act may be repealed, debt debate threatens US credit rating. Serious events are going on. Are u prepared, just in case?
Not at all! I'm really up here reading books and shit! But I might suck it up and get me a sugar daddy lol
good morning.
omg, dm me.
Create a collage next Sunday afternoon Family Sunday Fun with artist Annika M. Nelson. Treasure Hunt too.
Good morning! Thanking God for another day of life.
this is awesome all day long.
that is one lllloooonnnggg ass messages
You should talk te Boyz and Geo into coming to Missouri.
solitude is nice sometimes. I agree :)
So afraid of taking chances, how are you gonna reach the top?
that's what I know
hey hey. here we are on twitter ;)
ScanMan is now on every continent! Many thanks to all of those who have downloaded!
Just don't ask Katie Horner. She'll predict a tsunami.
I own 10+ nail polishes. My husband thinks it's too many, but I say keep 'em coming!
When's the last time you went on a spontaneous date? Make tonight that night! We'll save a table for you.
At DH2009 Conference session, "Blogger Girls." Looking forward to Katie King & Marilee Lindemann speaking.
There's a 90% chance I'm gonna name my first male kid Cleveland if I can get my wife on board.
On the plane, 's short story 'Orange' in the SW magazine.
Happy Valentines Day! Chef Louie has been busy in the kitchen, and it smells wonderful!
come on man, no stat should EVER have an astrisk.
today was the first day of finals (which explains my absence) hope everyone had a good semester!
I Hate the Auto-correct on my phone
umm are they still together?
12-0 and playoff bound! , it’s obvious that you've been drinking the hot cocoa packs I sent you. Are you sharing?
I wonder how many of those who are defending/excusing the recent plagiarism are the same people who are greedy & obnoxious at ALA & BEA.
GCM Opens Monday morning at 9am for normal operating hours: 9am-12pm for Members!
you should come to Florida for like a week :)
haha i'm not scared of ur weirdness
NFL representatives stated in previous discussions they would rather deal with USC if a temporary home required of Coliseum.
he's in Orlando?! Why???
Fml...I am so done trying
Im good Jason, how are you? we are about to order a pizza! :-)
You are tireless! Hope MSNBC know your worth :) RT : We're live at midnight eastern on MSNBC, a whole new show!
im in the buildin and im feelin myself
I could switch to the HD tv in the living room but I learned my lesson from game 1
“Social networks aren’t about websites. They’re about experiences.” - Mike Dilorenzo
u r welcome:)
Recording the new album and eating lunch at m to my ears and belly.
my Tuesday filled with rainbows and sunshine and yours?
If u scared go to church
Seven days ago mortgage rates were in a precarious position. Home loan borrowing costs had spiked and the lock/float environment.
Couldn't have asked for a better birthday present…Victoria Secret Fashion Show is on my birthday #<3
Editing like a madwoman. I should have an IV of coffee in my apartment somewhere...
Hate to say it, but I told you all Mike D's offense wasent going to work in the east
.. now i feel bad
of course we can!
Check out the music tab on my facebook, you can listen to the new album!
I'm headlining the House of Comedy in NF, Ontario this Fri and Sat. 9pm shows both nights.
Sitting in the kitchen, swapping spit with a sexy chicken tender, looks like #NewYorkPizza has
warm winter everywhere and the money is flowing better!
You look so good with your pearly whites ! <3
Basking in the sun at ravens stadium
Which conference have the best talent in the tourney? #Bark at Bilas
I hope you follow back..:) !! Love ya!
I have issues , smh
sitten at home doin nothin my life is boring!
everybody got questions, but nobody got answers. everybody wanna know where you going, but dont wanna help you get there.
Great job #timbers! Highlights with Joe B /11
Happy birthday lady!
hey girl! I thought it was bad enough getting up at 5...but 3:30 is nuts! Hope u have a fab day! Xoxo! :)
eating here with my friends and in class texting watching some boring ass movie...
that makes no sense and I'm talking about when I was a kid.
In the wireless age, #sexting is normal, harmless behavior. Not a problem unless you're doing it 10 hours a day, or married.
I've been given a 2012 NISOD Excellence Award (National Institute for Staff and Organizational Development. How great is that?
RT : “If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters #SavvySayings Happy friday Twitizens!
Shitty part about this wind is that it comes with Blackouts >:(
where all my ladies at?!
The DIY Trunk Show on Saturday November 19 is free to attend and we have 3 different tables doing demos that are also free. Come see us.
When you getting back in the studio??
Phone charged Promised Land sick!!! Bruce on fire Jimmy joins soon!!!
and u gotta admit I'm a loyal fan!! Tryna be a loyal friend!!
We've done a good thing people. Talk to u tomorrow.
good thing Titans can't get STDs. I'm safe.
#Iah_Said in the words of my bro How u aint being honost talking #RealShit ???? AnyOne?
I was just thinking that -- he's now the guy from
yep, lets make it fire! Bro I gotta come to the ATL and get with some of yall beautiful women! Ha
Always a favorite!
thank you for being my buddah
encourages you to take the downtown Madison "transportainment" survey at downtownmadison.org
Me. Got inside-outed as soon as I stepped off the bus : Alright, fess up: Who lost an umbrella today?
RT if your gonna see Austin in Tampa,FL Sunday.
Lmaooooo This The 3rd Fuckin Dream I Had About Beating This Bxtch Ass. I Can't Wait Ta See Ha On The Streets.
This guy at work said there's actually a whole world outside LA and I was all like,"Yeah right sure there is." There totally isn't is there?
on bring that play list down here! Hahaa I'm thinking the middle of feb on a thurs for 90's party!
#LMA12 attendees: feel free to tweet from my presentation today! And let me know what you think!
Gorgeous spring weather... And not a bad week overall, can't wait to put together the new bike. A GMC dual suspension... enjoy the day!
I agree! My friend Stacey was the mastermind behind it.
Keeping a watch out for a certain caramel ice cream at the supermarket.
I want to buy Dar Williams' new album from an independent music store in the Hudson Valley. Where should I go?
only 2 of 12 showed up, so it was basically a personal training session. :)
...regular season meltdown ever, going from hot to cold so quickly.
Love you too! :)
We gotta take a practice EOC for the rest of the damn week up in there. & we are good now!(:
tannin bed later <U+E00E><U+E056>
awe thank you sososo much c:
So tired. And it's only 1O:2O PM. :(
oh! So glad you reminded me! Revenge it is!!
totally craving a burger. weird.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Thanks for the love. :)
Absolutely! RT Last nite easily top 5 all-time most entertaining Super Bowls.
Merry Christmas tp you & yours Rachel. Thanx for all your advice, feedback & words of encouragement. GOD bless.
Just signed up for Betascape 2011. Very excited!
“: My 24, bday today ;) thanks u guys for all the great wishes n bday tweets” happy birthday!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That moment when you wish you could take back anything thst hurt them and have back the memories and connection with them </3
Oil has become uncompetitive at low prices (excluding externalities), before it priced itself out with high prices -- Lovins
Come watch who we're going to clobber in the Western Finals - Spurs or Clippers. Beautiful night out, come see us!
Meet 8/12 at NOON Sunset 5. Watch pigeons make the world a better place.
really need to stop watching romantic comedies. life never works that way!
Haha DRABITJAOFOHSIU :D Oh and cool username u got there o_o LOLWUT?
First. I know all the guys who you'd hire to come after me. And they like me better than you.
Yeah...as in "summon whatever demon that makes you pitch great at home, but less so on the road." / "Man up"?
Bitches love sweet shit
That was Carlos! We love ya too! #BEARCATNATION RT : Who is this guy??? I love him!
america has decided.....everybody loss!!!
Now announcing 2011 Naturally Speaking Lecture Series presented by Planting Fields Foundation and Hoffman Center
We are offering BIG discounts on products (including frozen raw) through the end of the week. Contact us for pricing details
I can barely talk above a whisper. This is why I hate being sick.
Russell Brand has officially unfollowed his soon-to-be-ex-wife here on Twitter. Thoughts?
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually.
All my goy friends asked to go out tonight.
my friend wrote on my wall each minute asking me if i was ready for boyfriend! YESS!! im so pumped!
tweeting during class
I feel like I blinked and we're already @ #halftime of the #SuperBowl Where the hell did the time go?
(Seriously repelled. I only watched him on CELEBRITY FIT CLUB because the singer Tiffany was on it, & she's hot.)
Haven is decent.
Hm ... Serious rumors of CNN buying Mashable -- very interesting, if true. Announcement apparently coming Tuesday
hahahaha perfect! Are you gonna be dj ing anywhere tonight?
Despite being sore still, I need to be fucked by multiple dudes today.
I love me like a love song.
Whatever #Playbook has for apps. It ain't enough.
"Thank God for unanswered prayer."
Mark are you mad?
Do u listen to Ld singer goes to and it is awesome workout tunes. Coming back for Man Conference?
That's why we LOVE South Maui.... Sun, Sun and more Sun
Photoshop CS6 is out with 3,432% more features that I won't use.
that is a damn handsome profile pic handsome pete
Everyone has drama in their life, but it Dosent have to Be your life.
Oh boy.
lol I know. We need to do something tonight though!!
couldn't agree more!
can't wait.
Anyone want to know what's happening with the FORMER Indy East Motel?
": For any1 2 suggest that any POTUS would manipulate the capture of Bin Laden is outrageous." "Capture" probably not right word
Tell me lies make 'em sound good
ohh I love that store!! :)
She would change everything for happy ever after, Caught in the in between of beautiful disaster..
Garbage in, garbage out. Make sure you're making decisions based on non-vanity metrics.
Headed to the new #LeeUfan exhibition opening at !
It's not the things we don't know that get us into trouble. It's the things we absolutely know that are just not so!
Really needs to get out tonight! Lol mall, movies... who knows
Be yourself, fuck what people say.
oh ok
any second number that is 7.
lmaooo ill be there bout 545 im gettin my #blaze on wit the boo
Another HOT day in Denver, 100s today!! Heading to mountains for some cooler air!! SUNSHINE, BLUE SKIES -ENJOY!! Great day 4 photography!!
My nigga Michael ealy got sitcom coming on USA network. Came a long Way from the barbershop. Hard work does pay off.
Your command of twitterspeak leaves me speechless. :-)
Where this gets funny for me is... I had two guys hold me up at gun point awhile back, and I didn't hit them... why would I hit some cops?
he had a monster season, just didn't get the exposure
If you take advanced placement classes you have to take these long ass tests & they let you leave when you're done.
I've made the risky decision of rooming with the richey tboy crew so you got the extra Scott room.
it's cause of me tho...
That sounds so delicious, I could eat my phone.
Thanks - lots on my mind, so I hope it wasn't too scattered!
American Ninja Warrior sounds like whitewash to me
Arrestsaid "Ill be in the building w/Kobe & KD, & I'll be getting ALL the attention." I see this mentality in many of my junior HS students
What could you both live with and feel decent about? Perhaps split the deductible (or cost of the repairs if you're not making a claim)?
Are you having a Super Bowl Party? Who's coming? Who are your rooting for?
Remodeling underway. We are very excited. Hope to open in April/May 2011. Students are very excited.
it was soo cool
St. X executes a rare 1-2-3 inning and after five complete innings, Eastern leads the Tigers 8-6. Game is now "official" in event of rain.
Today I tipped 215 lbs. on the scale. (15#s lost) I want to be in ONE-derland by fight in a month! HERE WE GO!
The Hives are so killing it right now at
I have no apetite anymore ;p
Thanks so much for the mention Jamie!
I really wish I could put a parent on my medical insurance plan...especially since they had me covered for so many years.
Happy New Year!! Let's make it a great 2012!!
A year ago today, if you would of of told me I'd be where I am today, I would have laughed in your face.
ugh, still awake. hating life.
thank you!! Lol.
I actually haven't been back in years. I hope I make it too :)
I had at least 3 dreams about bagels last night.
Mark it down...barring injuries,timing,or teams being horrible, CARO/DEN will be highest rated reg. season game of 2012
Man i wanna go to prom . :/
I RESPECT THAT....KEEP GRINDIN BO U DA REALIST
yes yes yes please!
Am in Orlando for business and took some time to go to Disney. People, please don't wear clothes that make my eyes bleed. Thanks.
5:30pm and I'm drunk... Good day!
Once I get out the shower, I seriously chill in my towel for about 30 minutes.
preparing my outfit for a fabulous audition tomorrow!! wish me luck!!!
First day using in #chrome work just got a lot easier! Thanks
In the book of life, the answers aren’t in the back. —-Charlie Brown
hey :) hows your day going?:))
I hate telling people I'm going to sleep because usually I stay up way past when i plan to sleep. And its usually the internet's fault.
Voldemort sounds like he sneezes when he casts spells in deathly hallows part 2.
I actually think it's easier to understand Twista and Bustah Rhymes than Sean Paul...wtf does he say.
you're the best, Jennie! Thanks!
John 3:16 Marketing Network Blog Hop. 55 chances to win a gift, including a Kindle.
Wow ! Let's start with taking Agency M out for libations first.
come and get it. Then I'll bet you again. If you ain't to #skeered. $100??
checks frm now on. Well worth the xtra redundancy..so mny idiots lingering in tht blind spot..glad it was only the car gettng hurt.
OMFG!! THEY CAN'T KILL MY KLAUS :OO
RT : This woman new Orleans accent I work with &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I love my City
exactly and he will not put butts in seats which is what it's all about. The MLS needs offensive dp's not defensive
Beautiful, Ruth!
#EBUS118 class wouldn't be complete without mentioning Wisconsin's best cheeseburger from - are any students doing class there?
Sorry For Party Rocking <3 Happy Easter! Off To Crkva Later <3
#Dani California used to get blasted EVERY morning in my house back in like summer '05
is not lol
better get your booty to mansion tonight! hope new york was fun!!
Tonight was great, had so much fun!
Just got in, exhausted ready ta relax
" : Nerlens Noel high school teammate , tweeted this morning that Noel is headed to Georgetown" that will suck
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 10 points!
awesome! CBG Nik attends DePaul ..hes a network security major..anything we can help w hit him up nkosio
I'm going to be live tweeting about 5 times over the next hour while i'm ON-AIR . I wanna hear from all my good twitter friends - ZenLive.tv
Both thumbs sprained. Awesome.
#DearHair I love your shampoo!
Yay/yum - won a $25 gift card to in their latest sweepstakes!
You better not have it for a certain match when/if it comes up. Cause Terry Funk ain't wear no mouthpiece.
Y'all make it a great day!
If you are having issues using TaskStream, please contact us at 800.311.5656 (press 1 for support). We would love to help you!
Ok Ma im not playing i want 4 Christmas doe
I would die
If God is for us, who can be against us? ~Romans 8:31"
ahah we can be buried next to each other cause i would diie too :D
Its weird how me and my crush can text from morning to night and never get bored of each other.
Can't believe what happened today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Thanks for supporting DRM!
Happy birthday !!
My fair and impartiality, has resulted in being selected for a case for jury duty. #Rats lmao
Now I don't feel so crazy ;-)
Austin, where's our follow?
Follow me for summer concert info in Carmel! :)
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is so loud! ohh wait that's my whole family!
Are you a fan of puroresu? Who are your favorites to watch?
People that hope around dont know what they want for real.
Done watched me some Gilmore Girls; now on to Supernatural! Starting w/season 4 so I can have me some Castiel. #angels #yum #Deanwho?
I probably wouldn't let go.
RT "The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more." ~ Jonas Salk
Have a great Monday : Love mentions from our fans. Thanks so much! Bridesview.com
My mom just proposed that officials shoot the loser at the Masters. That would be a real tradition unlike any other.
what would i do without free food? ... probably be an anorexic gardening tool
Does pie count as a vegetable??
Why aren't you answering my questions about marrying Giants and Dragons?
Thanx for the letter to honor my Father in-law on this day we celebrated his retirement It truly blessed him.
Awe, thank you! I hope you have an awesome weekend!
so great to see you for 5 seconds today at -- next time lunch or dinner!??!
There is no trying in life, it's either you do it... or you don't.
What is the Purdue Pg doing?!?! Had lay up and backed it out & got a to, then had Hummel on backdoor and didnt throw it!
Hope everyone is thanking their dads for getting down with mom today!
@ home gitting ready to start on
What? This is dangerous? “: Reckless driver EB on Lloyd Expwy from Vann Ave...female was dancing while driving. 1:08pm”
": huevos mate, not juevos." Gotta add emphasis on the "H" sound, so
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
& my cutout of Justin(;
we need recognition, volunteers & supplies for our 5/29 event where we build as many gardens as poss in mke area
you are very welcome...thanks!
We'll be ramping up promotion of our project today so be ready! Huge thanks to all of our supporters so far!
I feel like getting lost time to put on them beats #I<3HipHop
I've had that issue too. I reflashed the device and the paid apps installed.
yeah, didn't you guys get a 3 chip implanted in your brain? I think that was in the contract.
yes, thank you! Are you going tomorrow too?
RT : helpful post!
Good Morning! Only a few days until we start a new year! Have you completed this years projects? I'm almost caught up! :)
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business Fact #3: Our fleet includes Flex-Fuel and Hybrid vehicles.
Happy Birthday !!
he's sleeping like a baby now. Meanwhile my phones dead and I can't fall asleep.
SHOPPING,going to the pool and work you?
Congratulations on the shindig; love the idea of the tweetwall!
me 2 girl this twitter ish is difficult
I'm A Good Rapper Who Can Produce His Ass Off
Just saw the trailer for the new Sorkin series #TheNewsroom on #HBO. Can't wait
Addicted to online solitaire, top 15%
Cats win the National Championship on Monday, The Masters is this weekend, and Keeneland opens tomorrow.
To feel alive we must work everyday until we achieve our objectives
Lol. Guess he got the hint from me looking away while he was talking. He left. LMBO!!
so i went to church today, & both buildings are yellow O_o uh...no. gray was SO much better.
how long till your 17th birthday?
whats the deal bro new video shoot this Saturday at Club Night Moves at 7pm
At a Christmas party.... and I leave the room to go watch My Steelers play <U+E32C>
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 2
well if that's an offer I'll take it
The only real star on #TheVoice tonight is She deserves to win.
I've been looking forward to my dinner date all day! Going to scoop that lil nut job now
Rich: "the faithfulness I can imagine would be a weed/flowering in tar, a blue energy piercing/the massed atoms of a bedrock disbelief"
Omg hi Pia i watched u on So Random ur an amazing singer
The final countdown to the auction is ON! 30 Days! We are excited!
its probably not that bad though!
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 <3
ugh his gf hates me..LOL SHES GONNA KILL ME!!!!! :'D wowow
get to see my loves today(: I have a feeling it's gonna be a good day(: :)
Haha!!! I'd do the same. : KOBE! That's right.
Crazy how when the NFL was in a lockout and threatening not to have a season, people protested everywhere. But for the NBA nobody cares smh.
what? you want someone to be with you even if they&#39;re not happy? thats selfish and uncaring. i want someone who wants to be with me…
So bummed I missed the #pancaketweetup this weekend. Bouncing all over town trying to get everything done for next week. Sigh :(
Congratulations #silverspringmd on the grand-opening of the !
RT ... Last time I saw John he was having a martini at Dobson's, my San Diego hangout
Playing at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ in a few hours
My uncle back , (: I missed him . .
Heat take a 3-2 lead early in the 3rd.
I followed.
can't wait :)
Thanks for stopping by; we're glad to have you here!
! RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.
have fun :D
Excellent work, helps people understand what goes into making the experience fun and meaningful.
Thanks. I'm excited to tweet!
Justin said that 'Boyfriend' is about Selena. That's so cute! *sarcasm*
playing farkle! its addictive!
Have faith, I am cheering for Memphis. If we meet San Antonio next round, it will be a rough series.
What's up??
what did you guys eat today?
I am addicted to Pot Belly's Chocolate Brownie Cookies! They are absolutely insanely yummy!
Ahh, flattered. Kentucky news up in the NYC!
Any real-life tips could be useful, though. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to focus on.
#edshow The GOP has slipped up and revealed its true chauvinist colors. Remember: "HELL HATH NO FURY....."
done!! Thanks for the heads up!!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Your branding includes the voice of your company. How's your customer service? Phone? Email?
Congrats, welcome to the midwest-ish (in the near-ish future)!
Going to sleep now goodnight iconiacz sleep well
Having some deep talks about Music, jobs, school, and life with mi madre
My Nephew keeps on throwing shoes at me ! and it hurts :/
RT“ S|O to the Real ' G ' above for waking me up this morning”
played over 120 shows in 2008. Happy New Year!
Yep - What does his diet regime consist of?
def need one
whats good ... just had to shout you out causethat soul food mixtape you did with is fire
Plutocracy: political power is derived from the wealthy & controlled by the wealthy to protect their wealth. GOP=Guardians of Privilege
that's a bummer man!
I would love to have 5 minutes alone "officer Zimmerman"....I would whoop the shit out of his ass...Racist fuck....
well, no one is really sure what we are getting with Romney
TONIGHT! :: Koboku Senju :: at The El Dorado Ballroom Building/Downstairs Corner Suite (Project Row Houses) 8pm
So needs to accept the fact that he's downright sexy.
thanks for passing along that article!
Somebody's #LATE lol RT No more midnight releases?!!!
with this vp status he prob thinks he can get into Murphys
Occasionally I miss living in NYC. I hope you love it!
Look at my pictures; read my profile. What about this indicates that I want to date someone's funny uncle?
"That's what she said..." AHAHAHAHAHA! You take the boy outta the country but chya can't take the country outta the boy!!!! :)
sorry you keep getting included in this ridiculous manufactured battle she keeps footnoting you
When you smile.. I smile. [:
shocked about cervelli getting optioned and then trading a 26 year old are for a backup catcher?>?>?>?
RT : Thanks for sharing my tweet! Love what y'all do, keep spreading goodness :)
Related note, if a show isn't regularly getting in trouble with the network and dancing with the censors it's not doing it's job.
had such a fun time on set last week working on
Thanks for all the RT's!
Thks 4 MC'n the #docsummit The ticket price doesn't compare to the effort involved or the value of the community you're building
Thank you CitySquare in #DFW for screening "Food Stamped, ur advocacy and what u do every day!
Lol I Fell down the stairs today @ schoo lol I'm such a dumbass!!!
Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati! How will you #FantheFlame today?
.'s Free Music Friday always gives me something new to listen to. Every week. Without fail.
what's to 'understand?' they are fun, silly, and visually awesome! They are the quintessential movies for everyone.
Before you judge someone make sure you judge yourself first. Ain't nobody perfect!
This is why it would be nice to a have boo thang so shorti could come get me && take me away from these irritatin ass people! :P lbs damn
Today has been so fun (:
Yes you heard right, comin back with #SheednomicsRadio April 1st! Tune in!
's song You're Not Thinking makes me wanna start jumping up and down and go crazy...It's an AWESOME SONG!
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher.
Mildly amused watching all the Indiana fans going crazy for Butler's comeback. less than thrilled.
#GOPCLownCar Mittens the Mormon doesn't remember assaulting the "gay" kid because it wasn't traumatic for Mitt It was fun
Thank you, will post stuff soon! :) x
yes, that happens to me once in awhile. /cc
RT : "data indicates that 5 out of 9 secretaries of education actually reduced value for students."
RT: Thursday and will be guests on #mediachat for their 1yr Anniversary of ! Starts at 10pm EST!
Shout out to streetslang , shizz is my big homie. rob b , cool dre , cant forget about D money -keyz musik
Yea my fangirling heart might just explode. Happy camper!
I think so too. Good luck gathering sources!
I still love , however, IMHO, MBE hasn't been very eclectic since JB took over the decks.
here we go #Brewers let's get this home stand started with a win!!! :)
Some people will never realize there's a difference between being smart and being a smartass.
KBPS.TV Social Broadcasting Network will begin syndication of talk radio today! Upload show's at KBPS.TV for review.. WIN Today! King John
sad to hear Pat Rice leaving the #arsenal after WBA game
Good morning! TLC making a comback? All three of the ladies??
Happy President's Day - we'll be in session all day working tirelessly to solve our country's frozen yogurt deficit problem.
Do cab drivers ever smile?
Most recently, HPV infections have been found to cause cancer of the oropharynx - the base of the tongue, and the tonsils.
“: “: thinking about getting these lebrons that come out next weekend” swag !!”ha bruh your a fool they are wet
Attending tomorrow's mtg featuring ? Don't forget your canned goods benefiting !
Omg.....y am i up lik 2 hours of sleep
Come to your favorite pre-finals event: Midnight Breakfast tonight at Palladium and Weinstein! 11pm-12:30am. Free food and prizes!
I am right there with you! Not enough hours in the day...
No worries! Anytime this week is cool.
at least, right? but this sound that I heard, I think this was *actual hardware keyboard clicking*. And that is Not OK.
Learn more about the environmental policies we advocated on during the 2012 General Assembly in this updated report on the 2012 Session...
Good morning, Monday! Who's still recovering from St. Patrick's Day weekend?
whoa! Fielder had an error? What a shock! Look water is wet too! Crazy!
if it's somehow just us in a room, i'd be your night adventures wingman. whatever happens... never happened.
Anybody want to get dinner tonight?
oh yeah ;) I know that look. Someone told me I had tired eyes last night.
Pamela Barnes, acoustic mysteries. She solves crimes with sound. www.cozycatpress.com
Mixing my new CD at systems two-it sounds great !
She barely know me but I know her Well
Most have just been impressed by seeing their own past updates. Makes me wonder if this is a new "journal" or "diary."
you're so right. I understand completely re: that.
I've said all year that this is OKC's year to win it all & that Durant IS the new face of the NBA (as U said "the new sheriff)
On it, crack of dawn shit
Sleeping! www.icraigery.com
Too late now. It's already on-air! :)
Thanks Rich!!
taking the bike?
So my legs are on fire from playing basketball yesterday...Nd this king size bed isnt helping...shits all bad
I need a new background..
What movie do you like? Not including Dark Shadows! :)
RT : & are 2 of thee most positive ppl out there-If u want a positive outlook on ur day turn to them
Ever been to a deli that charged $1 extra to put a slice of cheese on a turkey sandwich? Me neither, until today of course.
great to see you guys!
Tipsy with no boyfriend around <<<<
Both and were on hand when moved accounts to Should air tonight 8 and 11 respectively.
Galerina welcomes jewelry designer Inbal Shomroni. View her complete collection at www.galerina.com
Just landed in Memphis for work! Here til wednesday night. Then back to DC and on to DR!
that Ashley chick is ugly and so was her model
Good to have you back on twitter! Is your brother your twin? You two look so much alike.
tired of network issues? contact lithiumnetworks
Yo i cant even imagine kobe wit his dome fro no more
My sisterr scareed me /: she told me & amarilis if she says " leave" to pack up my niece & drive to my brothers house.
thanks for my first @ mention (new to twitter and very exciting!)
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Starting to debate if I still need a tent??? Who sleeps at Coachella? When it's hot out.
Filming an interview with the lawyer who won the case to re-open 13 closed churches
1) "A Day In The Life" A 41 piece orchestra played on this song and the musicians were told to attend the session dressed formally.
wew. I was freaked out and worried
Well crap.
mm k but 'measurement' important to see progress; strike baseline, prove gains.. just can't become (stay?) an obsession
I can't watch and any more. The panels are like all the rest. He said she said speculation. Our press is a mess.
Faye Wattleton One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
Sometimes you gotta put on your mean face, raise your voice, and slam your fist down just to make $hit Happen #Business - XavierLT. com
Im drove on the kool
are u going to be n atx tonight or Tommt ?!?!?
ya know that's true.. Very interesting, there has to be some key to it all
IDEs my ass! Still using vim + command line.
bummer :( I voted for you!
To my Katie .. Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the world! You are amazing and beautiful. We are so lucky and blessed to have you.
Eyes getting all watery over Morgan Freeman...
"so Im mean" ^_v : No its callEd knowin what i Prefer.
we use Domino in Shortmail thanks to - yes, I'll be using that gem in my new test suite too!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> about to not go to school tomorrow, again.
driving uphill in traffic with with a stick <<
nobody likes #Grimm so knock it off already and put back on
that's just stupid!
miss my friend :) oh and I have some big plans coming up and I may be heading your way here soon :) Yay!
checking out onra at beauty bar next week.
Just because I can't kiss that, doesn't mean you can't kiss that.
Isn't it Strange how I don't care
"just wondering if ud come along hold up my head when my head wont hold on I'll do the same if the same is what u want if not I will go"
are you going to. The game tomorrow? Tailgate?
You are a very fine person, Mr. Baggins, and I am very fond of you;...
oh Megan :)
had a great article about that process today. Check it out. It went into great detail.
Im gonna get a ticket to watch the talent show........ Hopefully
11/4/2010 Happier employees, better productivity, smarter ideas - what's technology doing for YOUR company? Smart Shift
thanks for following
no vinyl yet, but hopefully soon!
Just Let All The Air Out Your Head
She kept coming at me like wtf
unless you don't leave early Sunday morning we could chill if you stayed til the afternoon
True but it's DWade tho. Ya can't give him away. Trade Bosh for young big man
What was it?! What was it?!
RT : 25 million assessments in 30 languages worldwide by SHL. David Leigh
OMG, I'll be there sure! In the first line. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK U SO MUCH I LOVE U
Can we get a shoutout for utsa getting the invite to cusa!!!
RT : We’re hosting a twitter Q&A with U.S. CTO on Tuesday 4/17 at 2 PM answering your Q’s on:
your DM was public.
Getting ready for a wedding reception!
did you get my email?
Damn you #daytona500 why won't you let me sleep!
Thirsty? You won't be at the #NNECruise thanks to our Water Sponsor
When did it become okay to be a man who doesn't own a suit?
ss..... well my MIND don't believe it but my NOSE believes its making MAGIC.... ha!.. I just love the smell of COFFE
Aaaaahhhhhhhhh I LOVE that movie!
Today at 10 a.m., celebrate the groundbreaking of a Eugene/Springfield home at 3662 Yogi Way, Lot No. 4, Eugene....
A NO COST BENEFIT TO YOUR EMPLOYEES THAT CAN MINIMIZE THEIR STRESS,REDUCE YOUR EXPENSES, AND DRAMATICALLY IMPROVE YOUR BOTTOM LINE.
The quote on Disney cultural change came from Jeff Soluri of the Disney Institute, presenting on Disney's Approach to Leadership Excellence
This is ass waiting for my last class to start so I can leave -_-
Thanks for letting me get a final pic last night @ the Copa. Ur such a gentleman. :)
Yo tried to hit ya on Fb.. Sup man .. hit me back need to talk to you ,, Merc : )
Von Miller is the future of the Broncos
Bride is so beautiful. & I kee having flashbacks to her helping me when I would babysit her. Such a thoughtful, unselfish woman. *sniffles*
but you are taking D Will over CP3 and Nash at the PG position?
show in Cville at The Garage April 22nd.
Laughing so hard, no noise coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal. O.o
When you make me happy, it makes me more happy that when you make me happy it makes you happy...and I'm happy if you're happy
Going to school today I hope that I do not have tons to make up
Anyone have agood auto repair story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the most amazing story!
appreciate the support man!
na ii got to visit first
Was that a serious tweet?
hey slut
GOD is GOOD!!!!
YES I can't wait to see you. You are coming to the burgh for my shower too right?
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen I hear the words no school..sadly I've not heard it yet.
Obama said he supports gay marriage. That IS what is best for the people. they have the same rights as you do.
"Marlo's all, GET ME OUT OF HERE. And I'm all, what? The washing machine says it will be gentle with you" You're hilarious!
#romneyiscreepy at least #newt answers the questions that are asked!
I am missing you so much! I hope Vancouver is fantastic! Love you!
I need more followers
Happy Birthday Amber and great job on Glee last night u made me cry!!!
I loved the Jurassic ride..... especially when u go down and see the HUGE t-rex..... lol :D RT
Rain. That is all.
and who can spare the moisture?
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through. If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
If every #swimmer could move media like Gary Hall, Jr, every Grand Prix would be on national TV.
Hey Hey thanks for the follow - let's make a magazine!
New things coming soon...
Already waiting for you to upload that INDJWT show on YouTube. Especially that Skream exclusive.
Has looked that way since the Rockies series
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Sir Michael Rocks
I recommend Hila Nave in Telaviv
happy VA tech won today. dont follow football but my cat is having surgery there 11/2 and staff at the vet school are so nice am now a fan!
My ratio of useful to irrelevant iPhone notes is approximately 1:12. What does "Blue 2" mean?!
Waiting to get into the Avengers is it worth it?
but for now....off to another meeting!
Increasing my crush on at mohawk.
online account management www.divinegraphixinc.com
I climbed the pole for the first time ever! So very sore!!!
Ah everyone is stay local and city fuck ac Ugh
just got my car back, been gone for 4 days, had to get fixed
Whaaaa? What is going on with you ladies? Did you start dating frat guys?
Sad news. RT “: Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are, has died.
Man that is awesome! RT : You guys better not steal my fantasy football team name either!
In writing a screenplay, I think you should have a combination of planning and discovering.
2 MORE DAYS!!!
I sum up my night after watching my glorious artistic abilities on draw something
. I saw one w/ tasting notes on a beer bottle, which was pretty genius. Sadly it was the 1x I didn't bring my phone to dinner
Might as well eat my boredom away... Creme egg. Yes please.
ADS claim: proven performance history, high pipe stiffness, superior joint performance, outstanding durability, and cost effective.
A dream doesn’t become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, time, determination and hard work.
I try!
#truth Susan Hockfield and Ursala Burns fireside chat: Ambition deficit in the USA. "The path to a better life is a better mind."
T-minus 1 hour, 11 minutes til I'm PDX bound! Portland Beer Tour tomorrow!
Hello everybody i have to say school was fun but not know cause the new school i am in is so boring all the people are weird and i will die
#askvinny Do you every write "Cenzo" on your school papers? xD
Facebook reminds me of Twitter. Twitter reminds me of tumblr. Tumblr quotes and stuffs reminds me of you.
when people say "noe" instead of "know".
only at UW is the OL summary probably the longest section in a preview, lol, but enjoyable read anyways.
Austin should come to illinois again soon. so i could possibly have a chance to meet him?
Murray here from ! Looking forward to the chat tonight and catching up with everyone.
and go all white. so they can really see your junk.
#SteveJobs would have made #Siri sound like a global revolution and the start of our Jetsons life style! Instead we got the Skynet feel? Lol
Good job ! Now bring the title home tomorrow!
The tree trunk reliefs are beautiful.
Something big is happening on the 25th of May... I know the #368hunnies that reside in Philly will be excited... Stay tuned;)
Oh hello sun!
Ball Rushes for 1 Yard and Now its 3rd and 6!
Cheers to you too! From a mom of a son with autism, you are an inspiration! I can only hope my son turns out as well as yours
I ain't done with you baby bring that ass back ..
At first I thought you were talking about the Ashley Judd brouhaha instead of the Cat of Aragon portrait. (smacks head).
First time I've been officially jailed :( I exceeded my tweet limit apparently :(
LOL Bridge. He's gotta pass that one.
"Play is our brain's favorite way of learning." -Diane Ackerman, contemporary American author
with my grandmother and my great-grandmother, my mom and my brothers.
Okay I'm not going to lie... I wont be up at 10 tomorrow so good luck lovelies! Hope you all get tickets :) Caitlin xx
I have the 4 legged kind ;^). Close as I'll probably get
Amen #DC2 on dump
Our May Classes are about to start and we are very excited here at Elite Fashion Academy LA to welcome our new students!!
Apologies for the coming deluge to the non-nerd contingent of my social network. I'm at Theorizing the Web 2012
Sheldon is so cute c:
im bored someone talk to me
Thanks for the RT!
#Weed for just one hour, and you burn 300 calories
I wonder if anyone has ever done tree pose while listening to Roy Rogers, like I just did.
thats an insult to gays
Looking for a 3 bedroom. Any info would be Appreciated !! <3
i was hoping for some creativity in the form of a #koreavalentine from you over the past couple of days....
JLA Pets Elephant Skin Bolster Lounger 19 by 29-Inch Dog Bed, Tan
sounds like heaven, sort of like drums fills on 70's R&B records!
|#quotes Surviving a failure gives you more self-confidence. Failures are great learning tools.. but they must be kept to a minimum.
please follow back ?? ;**** it would mean so much! xoxo :]
Just got the first of my SAG screeners in the mail. Know what I'm going to be doing tonight! SCORE!
Every life is a story make yours a best seller
You tweet better when you don't think about the tweet
#somebodyletmeknowwhen it's okay to trust again
#beyonce the moment is here
every lost unit represents a lost sale. I have permanently boycotted your broadcasts !
#ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup start talking to her friends
Watching Varda's "One Sings, The Other Doesn't". Can't remember a movie I've seen lately and liked this much.
one of these days.
What does it mean for you to have 'a good workout'?
Snow tonight. Already. Sigh...
AND ya know what people make it too hard love be loved forgive be forgiven....Gods Light eazy peazy lol
Has to! I have some old copies of stuff.
Real Madrid played a nice half... They deserve to be 1-0 ahead.
Does anyone know of a good dry cleaner that can remove vomit from a comforter in 24 hours and is open on Sundays? Just curious is all.
Love love love your Acura commercial--just saw it for the first time
Wow! this is the New Orleans I've been looking for. Nicely done...
Jahnke Family Trivia: My dad went to high school with Jessica Lange.
watching the notebook <U+2665>
Great Moment: Mark McGwire over Sammy Sosa, 70-66, for the new home-run crown
I just feel more comfortable when i put my flat bill on
hey it went great and it was a good turn out. I really hope you doing better now! You were missed...
wow. 50lbs? you've lost some weight for the flight. That might not help you this weekend.
Maybe we can launch a #whereswambach fan club with the new kits?
Does giving antibiotics to animals hurt humans?
The traditional family model really worked for the unwed teen mother.
Really, ESA? JUICE? I don't know how I feel about that naming decision.
Small world :) I know both areas well. Send me a direct message and I should be able to answer any questions you might have.
Huntsman: We have to recognize macroeconomic environment. (i.e. Europe, China)
Chocolate covered strawberries <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
sure - is doing a ticket giveaway and we are giving away tickets at the game tonight! Are you...
Social hour in the office apparently.
Missing Holden, but it helps that I can hear the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus rehearsing from my living room.
Have a beautiful day, plus you look very cute in ur pic
Today on #HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu, Shrimp in Eggplant Sauce and a versatile Potato Masala. On at 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
Family photos with this Saturday :) We're really excited. Let's hope the kids are too :)
These projects include R&D projects into PHP/SQL Databases, Video Production and Graphic Design...
Itd be cool if my skirt actually stayed on while I walk -__-
Ex-Factor ..
What a terrible day I've had being caught in the middle. Here's to being glad it's almost over.
aw! you're so cute. <3
I just finished the book- so charming! - and I'm dying to see the movie but it isn't playing near me. :(
- Smalltalk has conditionals as part of the library, not part of the language
« Why would Brandy text me back a whole 7 hours later lol»- Haha trick!! I forgot to hit send...lmao!
I need to go shopping
Nothing like being on team awesome! Have a great day from all of us at !!!
Stuck In the rain! Help!
I think I saw my first drag show? Please clarify.
Your both soundin like some triccs right now.....DISMISSED
Done working at noon + Storm + boredom + lethargy =
guaranteed wrote that crap because a lawyer forced him to. No one makes a 180 that quickly.
new twitter page dedicated to the ONE and ONLY <3
Note to self: Do not tell a female you're free balling after she says she loves Tom Petty, and especially don't start singing it.
I'm on a serious mission to party with after the #ClubParadise show in #Pittsburgh next weekend!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
TBH--- I' think im scared of relationships. Im scared that im gonna get hurt by getting dumped or... I dunno. Im just scared. :(
Obsessing with facebook. Bad bad habit forming....
How grateful we are that this is true! RT : Our God is a God of second chances, His mercy endures forever!
omg yes! Same thing happened with me today omg seriously gtfo.. especially from people who don't even have those accounts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The Museum is open today until 5PM, don't forget to come by with your combo ticket, we'll enter you for a chance to win great prizes!
#SCMS12 Elisa Kreisinger on remix: source mat'l must have cultural meaning in order to be subverted. Thus, Sex+City becomes Queer Carrie.
this is true. fun glasses are good, though easier to knock over when tipsy. :(
nothing much just missing j-ville but im still havin in the A wbu?
Love that, I'm in!
in a marketing seminar and speaker just used as an example of a great social company! Tell Dori!
i'm on the PA system for the Wally Yonamine Foundation Baseball State Championship games for Div II and Div I
Hey #Spartans and #Wolverines, look for Closing Time on your campus during #WelcomeWeek & score some #FREE stuff!
I know my dude. :)
I think you mean a gluten free diet can be low in those nutrients; it doesn't have to be! Thanks 4 referring to a dietitian!
All this negative talk about soy...what about whole food forms of soy, like edamame, or fermented like tempeh?
does anyone know when will no longer be the only Nike+ product to not accurately track run data (pace, distance, duration)??
The fact that the Sox had a pitcher warming up in the bullpen in the third inning.<<<
super old. Cant last that long in anything at this age.
which one..chocolate camaro?
According to , the Governor's policies have no affect on Milwaukee. Governor Walker refuses to take any responsibility
but the more votes they get, the better chance of them Actually playing. Cody Simpson has been having fans vote like crazy!
hi!!! How are I miss talking 2 u l0l<U+E415>
rt #DEEPPurple by needs to be Grammy nominated for Album of the Year and or Record of the Year
Robert Kirkman Talks ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 3 Production Start via
Amy is on her way home can't wait / kisses <3 Kellie
indeed they do ;)
I have no problem saying how I truly feel if I really feel it. Outspoken.
Shorter . to Rev. Hunter: "Won't you please try to enrage 15,000 people for me on this gay marriage thing?"
I think I embarassed myself last night but I don't remember how...
Not that I think we should start shit with NYC.
In 1645 Staats had first child, a daughter. In 1648, Staats declined to extend his 6-year contract with VR.
how is what Sam Ruben did to John and Ken any different. They gave their opinion about Whittney. J&k are the truth!
Labor day special 12 Wings LG fries and two large drinks for 12.00
If Only...
Just got in from a session with Johnnie Miller and CArl Powell. Love the work we did on that hip hop track. one smash down many to go.
yeah, malkovich. adaptation is less charming somehow
Cnn is filming my church in Crystal City ward today! Glad I'm not speaking...
A quarrel is like buttermilk: once it's out of the churn, the more you shake it, the more sour it grows.
Kelsey is Julie's Makeup artist :)
Awesome class last night! I really enjoyed it!!
I've been blessed just watching this bulls game. Any plans for the bday?
Have pictures of the work we've done for you? Tweet with your photos and we'll put them up!
Stay inspired, it's game time!
Ford Hoodie
you got a twitter?! ahh you're so groovy<3
Not Fri, but there's def DC fun today! Look in sky btwn 10&11am & you may see space shuttle on back of 747. Tell us if you #SpotTheShuttle!
Lol umm that is kind of trashy.
Success from home. Home based business opportunity, 10-15 hours a week, earn $100K+ in 3 years. Anyone interested?
Great Gonna be another bad night :(
We could see more showers & storms tonight but it appears the severe threat will remain mostly to our south.
right now I am at my house haha
Some really great companies coming out of YC Demo day. Particularly fond of - great work guys!
#Caps never stopped believing in Boudreau. bit.ly/hMB0ig
Streets in my city, so they go in front of my house, because our house is the Ambulance route to the hospital so they(Cont.)
yeah, its definitely gonna be a celtics vs heat eastern conference finals
Tru dat RT Goodmorning WORLD. It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!!!!!!
I have that same allergy but im actually allergic to you and Stupidity ! xD
Lol. Everyone thinks I've really broken out of my shell since I wanted to start acting. :) x
Can get it done.
I'm still heartbroken Mo didn't live to see this day ! What he did was worth more than an armored division tho
I do it all the time
Ruby on Rails *should be* a new color, don't you think ?
Our engineers have said that as long as you don't go on our site, we'll be okay.
that makes sense. I used to go to Pitts more but am now obviously a CLE fan.
Hi Marni! Just saw the email, will reply now, great to meet you. Your article really resonated with me.
Its only Wednesday?
that's true! Enjoy what you are doing, that's the secret to success RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what...
my life is made now that i gotta 84 on my cognitive neuroscience exam
What about live-tweeting a program? Does that bring on-site experience to off-site peeps in a meaningful way?
#Bissell: Steams Carpets and scares the #dog. Two birds with one stone.
Thinking about going solo to Kona, HI for a few days. Anyone have any recs of things to do?
No school yaya!!!!
Ha! Yes, literal dogs. Watching 'em for my landlords.
oops I meant a smiley
...new york
hes being mean to you?
ouuuuuu gurl. Its just dumb cause no matter how many people have the jump the line thing they only let a certain amount go in.
Marty Hearst has been saying that for close to a decade, and I definitely agree with it!
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
"Honest to God I will break your heart tear you to pieces and rip you apart." 20 on 20 should play this song right ????
i'm not mean to you. i'm just mean in general. other than saying you failed at tagalog, when have i been mean to you?
First mothers Day & feeling like poo
We have all your #Kentucky Derby prep here-WWW.ussportspages.com
M... Vegtable dumplings! Haven't had them in so long, I forgot how good they are.
In related news, gosh, their coffee is strong.
This. RT : On the left, SuperPac's have been around for years. They're called Unions.
I forgot my bad!!!
It's looking like a whisky and cigar night tomorrow. Any takers?
Headed home
Clippers proving how inconsistent they've been this season.Have ability to explode vs. teams, no way they should be down by 15 to Grizzlies.
Thank you President Peters for the name change adding Dr Ndugu G.B. T'Ofori-Atta to the Religious Heritage of the African World
Morning everyone, check out Cello Fury tonight at the Geek Arts and Green Innovations Fest, Pittsburgh's first eco, art and technology fest!
My old kentucky home!!!
School tomorrow..........fun fun
Always FREE DELIVERY when you shop in our store and spend at least $40.
Going to get new glasses today...if the price is right
thanks for the azn month stuff. has to be about the cutest (and most awesome) ever.
parties AND penguins!?! Oh my!!
lmao u are an ass! U keep me dyin!!
I can't wait for the vow!!!!<3 it looks like a movie that I'm gonna cry to:') aw
Watching #TheFirst48 , And It's In Cleveland (:
<U+FFFD>Twitter is like a tragically hip New York night club
All is done.....what happened to us??
Yes, it sucks!
i just lost the backs to my plugs-__-
#todayinhistory Len Slye starred in his first feature film Under Western Stars in 1938, launching the career of
what happened?! :)
thank you :)
My cat is high off catnip now... Is that wrong?
i need to know the dates! And do yall have school 2marrow
10 Dimes sitting in front of me so I call them a 100 piece
Good Morning Tweeps
I've been getting this to. What the hell's up with that?!
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research - Sacramento Bee
4 Final Exams- COME AT ME BRO!!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1962 #JackPaar made his final appearance on the "Tonight" show.
thank you :-)
do you think NY could be the next #startup hub?
no prob. I have this wild theory about something, but I didn't want to share unless you'd gotten to a certain point.
RT : "Happiness is not an accident. Nor is it something you wish for. Happiness is something you design." -- Jim Rohn word
intentional. Testing
Are you attending the Alumni Board meeting in a couple weeks? I'm trying to gauge if it's smarter to come in Friday PM or Sat AM.
Having some fancy cheese and grapes as a snack.. Just need a glass of Pinot and I would have a complete fancy snack :)
I hope you appreciate the attempt at humor. secretmillionairestv.com
KEMBA!! RT : Jon Tudor. I won the Entercom bracket last year, and so now I am banned. And I think that's just mean.
I'm hemorrhaging money. I sure wish it was because I was in Vegas rather than the soaring price of food and gas.
yea, I am. As soon as I find out the air date, I'll let you know! :) RT you're going to be on tosh.o?
Townes Van Zandt kind of day...
Well, all hell has broken loose.
If you can't beat them arrange to have them beaten.
Are you seriously going to make me wait to see you until X-Fest??
Former #Badgers (2008) and (2003) both used the Portsmouth Invite to help make NBA rosters.
back to campus...back to reality..no more beach :/
What the hell?! WHYNOT?!
Let's go Vandy!!
that tumblr makes me spew tea all over my keyboard. thanks a lot.
If you build iPad/iPhone apps, get at me. Must be local to Austin. Can also find me <----- More active with that fresh cut.
I think Cori's addicted to watching the tv show Intervention. If only there was some sort of process to get her to stop.
thankss... this is insane
So much to do ... so little time.
Interesting there is a positive correlation between popularity of sport in U.S. and number of breaks in action for commercials.
are you and mike coming over tonight?
Best place to start would be . . .RT Ready to write this screenplay. Where do I start! It's all in my head, the whole movie.
"No one can keep up. It's always changing" = Yea, I know you're old, Love, Megan.
lol no I'll read them tomorrow for sure.
so yu aint txt me yu love me ok
URBAN DICTIONARY: "You talk white" TRANSLATION: Using proper vernacular and enunciating all of the letters in his/her choice of words.
Justin WHat Kind Of Supra's Do u Wear
Man if Obama ever follows us I'm gonna freak lol
I'm going straight from my uncle's funeral to the stage to the performance tomorrow..
RT : #FF SoCal's art/design schools for keeping us inspired!
Merry Christmas 2 everybody. Hope u and ur families have a blessed one. :)
for how long are you staying in miami? & come to the A town! lol ATL!(:
My whole being is secure, O God. My whole being is secure - Psalm 57:7
O dear God, thank you. That shit drives me CRAZY.
I will be Tomorrow for a little $2-5 NL Cash Game Action
nap time for the little ones!
#KacieB you keep your head up! You are way better off without #thebachelor! He doesn't deserve you
You did as we asked! Thanks!!
Ugly scene in Egypt
"It was like there wasn’t enough room within the survey for them to tell their stories,”
watching your show Missing.
I have the best Boyfriend in the world ..So blessed to have Nel
so did you shop successfully? What did you bring home?
Promotional Video of the Electronic Field Trip from the International Museum of Cultures « International Museum of Cultures BLOG...
oh yeah, congats on the shoot! Had to have been cool.
Call Me Old Fashioned, But I Actually Take Love, Sex And Feelings Seriously <U+2665><U+2665>.
This is what happens when bad meets evil
Real life challenges..take them head-on..... Real-shit
Back in the game. Thank you, Rangers!
Thats weird, why would a random person ask someone to watch a box of soaps? Haha
YES! --> | RT any food trucks going to be at or this sat?
Some shit been cookin up on the street. Dont think we disappeared. we just got some crazy shit cookin for ya'll.
Good you?
My homemade audition studio(s) are quite humorous on how I rig up lighting & the frame of the shot f/ my Mac. The things actors do. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
That's so cool. I know they showed holograms at a Google conference last yr. I need to see this live! Jealous! ;-)
was ha
#Lacan #law Elisabeth Roudinesco convicted of libel for alleging Lacan's last wish for a Catholic funeral was not met. 1 euro in damages
already figured it out! Thank ya though! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0088>
I love u more
Facial tats: What are you going to do at 40 with that? You'll be much wiser then looking for a job. Whose going to hire you?
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Miley Cyrus is playing on the radio
So apparently, carrying a toy gun in your purse is not the smartest way to defend yourself on the street
Activists say Argentina now leads the world in transgender rights
please follow me please please follow me
Yay and ! RT : Big crowd at UIndy for discussion of community lessons learned before Big Game.
oh my god I love that show :))
#BillsMafia I can't wait to see who it is?!?!?
you wrong pickle...
Thank you! I'm serious when I say that Thesis has been a huge part of what made it possible.
Can't believe a week from today the boys will be one hour away from me, and I won't be able to see them! )': Pure torture!
stop by our table at the fair! perfect for people interested in #nonprofits &
Being still/silent and delving into your mind through silent meditation. How long can you sit and meditate? Solutions/answers spring forth.
they are pretty quick with submission turn arounds at Red Fez. You should send them something!
Both for the little one, yes? No plastic bits on either?
Tomorrow, because I'm an idiot and switched accounts mid-conversation.
I miiiiiiiisssss u to!
i've gotten like 40 followers on instagram since like Monday ... awesome !
Am I the only one who thinks the space needle looks ridiculous painted orange?
yeah i know i was gonna hit u up but he sold quick. I hooked thunderchunk up with 2 pairs
Can this game be over. Game 5 to Atlanta. #Laker time pls.
At the hospital watching a metaphorical episode of Different "Strokes". Just sad
I kinda hoping he'll start it off with a bit of Al Green.
#badgers bummin. great game
I am *so* not a morning person.
as long as the car a/c is working, yes. LOL
I can not believe it's April already. End of the first quarter, but not to late to fulfill all those New Year resolutions.
Does info design mitigate conflict?
"James' recent departure from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Heat caused a lot of anger in the city." - Why bother reporting that?
8:30 a.m. and dudes with "I Need Tickets" signs swarming around Yum! Center. It's #MarchMadness in
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
back up on the block boy!
If they pick a lame name, I don't know what I'll do with myself.
If your heart tells you this person is nice, go with the PGE guiding behavior, give them the benefit of the doubt,was this person railroaded
Have a It's a wonderful Life kind of day!
ahaha im sure!! i would be too!!! xD n_n
I was the 27th view :)
All of our Christmas merchandise is now 50% off! There's still time to deck the halls, so come on down!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 45
Headline on Drudge: "Stocks Suck"
looks like Judge Biscoe and Comm. Davis ready to vote for #apple incentives.
That i took around three.
": dont cry. just run around in a circle. lol" HHAHAHA more great advice justin. Nice. Lol
does anybody else think that if the boyz went to perform on abdc 7 that vinny wouldn't go with them? it makes me sad. </3
RT : Mark your calendars. Wed. 7th Aberlour tasting, followed by new food menu/new art party. Food 1/2 off all day!
The best way to get thru what your going thru is to express how you feel as well as letting go and letting God work it out
You heard about on the radio? I'm curious because we haven't done any radio ads? Hm...
happy cinco de breezy
everyone was unfazed by the sting intrusion. But not this guy. I was extremely uncomfortable with all his yodeling.
Patriots...one word
please start a twitter feed? Now: MichaelWolfe spks abt #MOST Hollywood bureau of
NOO ur way charming, flawless & ur sweeter than the sweetst honey on earth:)
I full on slammed on my ass so hard that I think it might have self adjusted my back.
Tied a QR Code to the KOB weather cam in Old Town ABQ. Scan the code at the plaza and see a photo of yourself. Romero and N. Plaza.
Thanks for the shout out, we can't wait for the review!
If you get aroused looking at yourself in the mirror does that make you gay? hahahahaha
yay eye doctor appointment at 10 am tomorrow
school called me house to tell my mom i skiped 1st period
I LOVE that blog. It's a serious time suck.
damn dog I've been up a good 5 hours!
Refrain from photography? That&#39;s going to be a tough one. #pla12 #
im not even gonna be able to watch it tho. Stupid west coast games
Thanks the support is much appreciated!!
Social media in museums
ur completely right...so why am I wasting my time :-(
Me and one of my friends got some catching up to do today!
good point! She's an Ignorant woman.
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because as put it "women lie, men lie"
New to this. Still learning. Please be patient.
now more than ever actually! when we release it you will understand why it took so long :)
Just wanna relax today
I feel as though my mommy deserves 2 gifts for mother's day this year because dealing with me is no walk in the park
;; I suppose . Lol . But Joey loves watching Family Guy and Sabrina the teenage witch :D
#BucketList Throw a paint party and put lsd in all of the paint. HAHAHAHAHA
Happy mothers day to my Fav sissy!
I'm all about addressing those needs. Whenever, y'know, we're in the same country.
New favorite hashtag is
That moment you realize you need Facebook because you've forgotten so many special peoples birthdays. <<<
Need to UNFOLLOW a bunch of people!!
Dumb bitch don't run your mouth about me! This, my city carry yo ass back to the country!
Loving the new album, Maysa!:)
like seriously. she is NEVER tired. and when i want something: "no honey, i'm tired."
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that every weekend i'm a drunk asshole ;)
oh no it's in the fluorescent lights now
thanks for makin me laugh in class. (:
Bottle dancing way to go Dan!
It's impossible to please everyone. I'm interested in learning how to handle the naysayers and haters on social media. Got examples?
For vip table reservations call 321.400.4789 or hit up
The Sydney crowd wasn't hype enough ... Not by the look of the videos .
not yet, I hopefully start in the fall. Haven't read that, I'll check it out!
Awesome! You will be so glad you did! Be sure to get connected on discussion boards for support.
Lmaoo RT : All i would be in this summer is trouble if i went back home.
The Black Bear Inn Come visit us on Thursday and get 10 % off your meal (exculdes beverages). Just tell us the CODE NAME: Papa Bear
Why did the rabbit run out of the fast-food restaurant? He thought he heard someone order a quarter pounder on a toasted bunny.
Great meeting with clients today. I'm looking forward to more conversations next week. We're off to a great start!
because of the instant gratification factor? Or because the publisher is ceding a lot of control over copying?
Greetings to our favorite marine!!! Hope you are doing well. <3
Casey and are working the local vendor fair today, stop by for a sample!
RT : Lots of fun events on the mountain for our final fling weekend! Great example, meet at the Summit Haus at 4pm......
At least for a few hours, the Mets are in first place. I'm just saying.
What's up TWITTEr :p
It would be nice 4 if were Prez; Then he could spend all his obstruction time on golf/tanning instead.
Hey everyone! This is our brand-new OFFICIAL twitter page, like us and keep up with the band and stay tuned for important updates!
Decrescendo is the term for gradually getting softer/quieter.
i know a lot of ppl with spider bites
I yes the candy man can!
What version of TweetDeck are you running?
Can you send him my name? please I have been dying for one of them to follow me
do you have any covers in mind ?(:
"My top schools were where I want to apply to are Oxford and the Sorbonne. But my safety's Harvard."
Thousands of us will march across the Pettus Bridge like Bloody Sunday 1965
Bracket busted....vcu wins
Then its off to a candy shop in Bkport for a 20lbs chocolate bunny. After the synthetic marijuana story, it mite b a white rabbit.
Gym, lunch with my family at Scottsdale Quarter, and some pool time. Made the most of a day off.
Sounds like a great night “: Cazadores #tequila shots w/ #pineapple backs”
I bow to you...you were right! Let's see now
party party party
My house :-) : I need recommendations: where can I find the largest, most perfectly made dirty vodka martini... In the world?
2 Damn Cheeky w/Rob Keith - Tuesday, Sept 6, 2011 EST, 5pm GMT, 9am PST - only on - Get some !!!
it was great..
Hey ! That's a nice list there buddy! ;)
Me too! Im giving out applications!!
I got a severe concussion during my 2nd semester of calculus, I have always claimed it knocked out my math
The #Bruins stink tonight.
Just told my mom to calm her tits. Bad idea.
let's go to wet republic on Friday!??
im leaving tomorrow night though thank goodness
ROCK CHALK.
I continue to get phto editing for free becasue I'm a sneeky little bitch
If I offend you in any way please contact me on www.icouldntgiveaflyingfuck.com
How to grow a beard in style
The reviews and comments I read said it wasn't well written, but it's very popular!
Looking forward to the show THIS weekend with Gringo Starr at Sarasota Lanes!!!YAY!!!
Rain! It's just a drizzle, but it's the first rain I've seen in a month and a half.
Well today I am 30! Yay to me!!!
mutton bustin' (no G, Aaron) is basically the best thing ever. We're seeing Reba on Friday. I'm p-p-p-p-pumped.
Congrats knew youd get in!
leaving tomorrow
My priority is not to beat #Obama in the fall. Rather, my priority is to overturn 100 yrs of R and D mismanagement. #RonPaul or none at all
my favorite is Lincoln. Honest Abe exposes secret of opponent; opponent turns red, dies of shame. Alt: dies under pile of reporters.
Most people know Justin Bieber for his face and not for his music, it should really be the other way round. He's so talented... AND HOT!
that is pretty funny Come on Bon Iver
Here's to all the teachers who helped us get where we are today. Happy National Teachers Day!
no problem ;3
Thanks for tweeting out all the great resources from the biz reference session. Can't wait to check them out.
Today has been so disappointing. Birthdays are supposed to be fun and happy not disappointing.
If I was the Saints GM and accused of "Covering Up" both a Bounty program and Pain Pill thefts on my team , would I still have a job?
squeezing in requests for tours & talks
I could listen to John Mayer's discography 24/7.
Don't forget to catch talking to on tonight's Colbert Report. 11:30pm ET.
Got my speech down. Watch me just forget everything when I have to present. I'm so nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
RT RT If you're important they'll make a way, if you're not important they'll make an excuse......
These elbow pads protect my sweater from wayward fois grois.
- ah, those daily scalp exams...good times.
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still. ~ Lou Erickson
#BoringMovieSynopsis Second wife of rich guy has some really noticeable self-confidence issues.
It better be good too or else I'm throwing tomatoes
What happened?
Happy Mothers-day MOM! You are inspirational!
Wat sup everybody any ladies wanna chat pm me ive give u my number to text k
its impossible to be as cool as me
my body took that sleep without my permission
Was that foul for doing the electric slide?
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. ~Henry Ford
Questions for the Web team? Email Us: - all inquiries will be forwarded to CEO
got my vote*
aye big daddy
Anyone know if it is possible to make your own videos rentable (or pay per view) on YouTube?
RT : Things are beautiful if you love them. - Jean Anouilh
Tell me how the f-ck we supposed to stay friends, When you got a bunch of feelings that you don’t show....
": #Spurs are 41-7 since Dallas OT loss streak also holds two 11-game win streaks & currently rolling on 13 straight. #machine"
U ARE TO GORGEOUS
You're welcome!
I'm a killjoy now harharhoe
"Health hath no fury like some pissed off women" - #KatieCouric in conversation with #BillieJeanKing at
I will remember...
you talkin mr. Sullivan? We've had to do that before haha
You forgot to mention RT Have you tweeted for #MKETwestivalCares yet? Help
Just thinking of you when your game piece slapped down on my twitter cue. You're voice unique in all the world.
I want to be in a career that I feel like I'm doing some good.
HAHA I HOPE ITS REAL. THAT MEANS JUSTIN.IS.MINE. MWAHAHAHA
#JustRememberThat i'll always LOVE you <U+E32D>
#IfItellYou one thing dont go running your mouth saying another
#WOW there is a subliminal ringtone that can increase a woman's boob size, when its used 20 times a week #3cm INCREASE WOW
"Hey, boys, better look out, she's bright as the sun, sweet as sauerkraut!" from Siren by Natalie Vowell, Jedi Nightie.
But tonight was bittersweet. I had my last gig with my jazz combo at the Silverado Grill. We went out with a bang! So much good feedback!
wait, how long is your phone gonna be taken away for? lmaoo
are you in school??
This is what the Western powers aligned themselves w/ for oil.
Conservation Day in #Walkerville. Join , and tell to NOT raid recycling money for
same and at my aunts house
RT #NF when planing your events #ThinkOfMe <We will, thanks!
:: have a good field trip guys!
I gotta show this guy how to work out lol alright see ya
Looks like foo foo coffee. Bet it's very sweet too.
throw relish EVERYWHERE
study compares civic classes vs service learning: former creates +interest in politics, latter +political action & +volunteering.
Ilike your drawing in the middle (;
maybe even if you don't!
is giving life back its stupid lemons and demanding chocolate!
Morning Twitterland! Anyone prepping for the #Houston, #Redding or #PFChang #marathons tomorrow?
Mad shout out to because those last words were very true
": everyone, said he's down for condit and Diaz to rematch. so, basically it's up to Carlos" didn't Diaz retire?
Cape Verdian music feeds the soul... Criala
Excited to follow along with the Duke Feminist Theory Workshop #ftw12 today. Thanks for tweets, and
So grateful to be spending this day with my family. Gonna hug all day!
Be home soon I love u...flight land at 5:14 everything gone be ok I promise<3
Deuce Deuce was a trending topic WORLDWIDE yesterday on Twitter!! Keep up the good work guys!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
#in Mega Hair Elite's Hair Waxing Services In Our Boston Area Salon! Your Choice, a full body wax or just your eyebrows!
omg dude vs wild LOL tht shit is old af ahahahha those them early youtube days.
I hope you lay down in your sleep & choke on every lie you told me.
Jake. Show him you care. Now. You're amazing, he'll like you anyway.
From the staff of the UCLA Fund to you and your family, Happy Thanksgiving!!!
of course there were moments that were broad but really Marvel finally got it right on this one. so much better than the others.
Home from SD @ 5:30 this morning back to recording!!! Isnt this fun? I say yes
Braved the cold with and friends for a roof screening at the AK Press bldg. So much fun!
lame dave, very lame. facebook JUST as lame.
the debate: is the song I'm listening to on this random Eastern European shoutcast station bad enough to get myself up off the couch or not?
' That's fried , it was never suppose to make it to the internet either!!
RT : “: "Get over stealth-mode and start sharing your ideas. Ideas are cheap." #sls12 #SocStart”
Cant decide who i dislike more has a player melo or bron
Great direct from grower plant sale again this Sat in #Hillsboro out at on S. Hwy 219 great prices well below wholesale
I personally think people should be allowed to choose whatever they want as long as it doesn't bother others directly.
Hey doll!!!
That's right--I think my #MacMini was the only one that even had #Excel!
Susan G Komen to stop supporting Planned Parenthood? Oh.... Hahaha... Oh lol. Politics over poor women's lives, way to support the cure.
Major gift from Wells Fargo Advisors supports initiatives at Olin, Brown schools - Washington University Record
LOL thought I had my head pierced.. its my headband!
My bank does the most, and so does my other job with my paycheck!
haha and guess what? He's 15
Creditors have better memories than debtors
they should be generic, Viagra patent over 10 years but Pfizer drummed up a new indication to extent patent life.
This Robitussin is worthless. I should have mixed another rum toddy instead.
Looks like #Clippers vs the Tuesday Night!! Bring it LA!!
But they find their strenghth in love.
Preparing a dynamic presentation for conference this Thursday: www.tedxphilly.com
capitalism is a set of risk management strategies designed to realize a steady profit from a variable world.
Kudos to Gaylord staff. My room is a one floor elevator ride and 30 second walk to ILTA2011 central. Heading to orientation.
thanks for following me
I don't understand why people commit, there's always a solution to whatever you're going through. Be strong & patient good times will come…
You and Jason will make such cute babies, we'll all be one big happy family ;)
I love editing. <3. Especially when the manuscript starts off well.
Hilarious! Ron Swanson: "I still think awards are stupid, but they would be less stupid if they went to the right people." ....so true!
Tha BOOGER in Steve Blake nose <<<<
Equanimity is a state of mental or emotional stability or composure arising from a deep awareness and acceptance of the present moment.
lol funny. Would you happen to have a tumblr?
I hate looking for something to watch!
I heart you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you, happy birthday to you happy bitrhday happy birthday HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU #HappyBirthdayKenneth :D
Thanks and for a great time tonight!
Is #SM powerful? Social media is forcing companies into transparency. Think about that power!
2 more hours and were talkin about sunshine drive home. Real talk real home
Paul Tillich~ The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
xoxo how many tattoos do u have ??
Contagion. Great movie! See it. Now.
Legalize gay marriage so new tv shows like divorce court and cheating shows will happen cause that would be awesome to watch!
I had such a crazy productive weekend.
Don't forget to bid on 's online auction. Sox, CSO and Groupon tickets are just some of the great things for sale!...
Its Wednesday Tweeple and it looks like we are in store for another beautiful day: High of 62 partly cloudy.
The true followers of Jesus Christ embraced their trials and sufferings with great joy and excitement all the way until their death.
please help stop kony watch the videokony2012 he has to be stoped its its timefor him to pay back
If he loves you he'll come back and realize what he has and never let go... He'll show you rather then tell you <U+2665>
I wish my stomach would stop growling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
good game UCF KNIGGHTS! you would have destroyed that Torres pg. He messed with the wrong team
Everyone please follow Austin D. Jordan (), he owns
Okay, so let Mauer take 2nd there
Solution To Dealing With Someone Who Irritates Your Life = Cut Them Off!!!
RT : yeah, she graduates in a few hours! Lol ..... GN// YAAAAAY Tell her Congrats!!!
Mob Wives ends peacefully? Well I'm glad, but DAMN, bring the heat!
Clara Conti Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Can't wait - RT : Light Years
I haven't but I will. : )
RT : Wearing a hoodie and shorts because you're confused about the weather.
I think about you
I need someone to come cuddle me. This is worse than the time I spilled pizza sauce on Barney :(.
I love an empty beach,...
One last thing, it's ONLINE content dummy! It doesn't matter where u are!
thank you so much for the support.
CALEB IS MUCH BETTER NOW HE IS DOWN TO 1-2 TREATMENTS A DAY,OTHER WISE HE IS GETTING SO BIG& BOY CAN HE EAT THANKS HUGS 2 U
Big S/O to the my sweetie pie follower , Make sure to follow him and check out his wild podcast about any & everything....
when are you back?
I hope your friend is feeling better so you can visit them (and Tucson) under better circumstances!
I've been playing too much bioshock!
okay then stay out of it common sense bud
Thanks for the follow.How r things.
Super cool to see on stage during the #QualcommCES keynote. "there is still so much more ahead"
Yes MY HUSBAND IS FOLLOWING ME lmaooo
RT : If you have to use a text resume, include the link to your pretty and designed resume. And don't bury it.
too early to decide, that's up to prosecutors.
When I'm upset about something, I can't even think about anything else... :c
settling in going to commentate AE. Enjoy those vs screens
I didn't know that.. (I do like some foam on lattes... But now of course not anymore).
LIKE I CAN'T OMG. haha text me mum is making me leave twitter.. nig
Barely been on #twitter for weeks I need some inspiration besides Maybe I should just draw those #girls daily.
I'm honest to a fault. Turned down a $10,000 promo just so my followers didn't buy into dilution.. Look up MDRM
Anyone - any man at least - that tweets smilie faces over and over is ... Is a ....
Hospitals are weird places
: I'm not fat. I'm just so sexy that it overflows. ;) That just made my day haha
not a crazy idea, an awesome one!
#1Dfansleavetheboysalone and we're called directioners. :)
20 years from now his swag ain't gunna pay the bills
complex list on ny rappers...lol
I wanna go to a cookout.
this hungry hippo is just a jealous bear in a big blue house! Must have deetz and pix of each course
At an Uruguayan event in Elizabeth NJ, little Montevideo in the US
Do not have kids haha...well atleast not now...im too young!
well we planned to pick up billy too
Mavs have to knock down easy shots..Barea, Jet, Marion have all missed easy shots...hitting free throws might be an idea also
Same here, but instead of logging out and in, I use the tweet thing in the top right hand corner.
Thanks for the follow! Love the hotel.
I WISH HE DID RUN, JUST SO THAT HIS EGO GETS CRUSHED !!!
Always.. Btw.. U expected this year at WMC..miami.. BOOM!
yessir we are tomorrow :D
My Malaysian apprentice has started to get replies! Soon we'll post one. Can't push her out of the nest too soon!
you're right...im sorry...so funeral today in10 min? where at? ur place? ok.
Not for long. Lol
Why need such heavy enforcement power + whose to say these fansites won't be branded as "thieves" under the #SOPA regime?
...what's a subtweet?
3 words about your avi: oh hell yeah!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms who support comics instead of throwing them away!.
Night twitter world. Dreams call me.
Aw... Tell your subconscious I miss it too! You've been in exile in that gulag for over a year!
I did hear of that one. I'll definitely take a look @ it. Thank you...
the kitten was alive? They clearly don't know you very well. Also: I'll have it.
my background >>>
Good morning everyone.went to bed early n woke up at 3:45am..Antsy..Anxious.. Something..lol :)
Thank u lord for another day im grateful to be alive
omg mos wanted is doing mah dance move !
Utterly unrelated to anything happening directly around me right now: If the Boston Bruins want the Cup, they have to take this series to 7.
A lazy Saturday followed by a lazier Sunday
We are grateful for ALL mothers! With out them we wouldn't be MUCH of a youth ministry, literally! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
RT Is very disappointed at my 1lb weight loss this week! Want to lose another 13lb in 11 week!!
do you have any mktg posters you can send me for the store? Thx
"the best mobile experiences unfold"
Reel em in. #FishOn “: I've promised salmon dinner. I now know what pressure hunter-gatherers felt.”
Not tweeting a lot until back in GA! But keep sending :)
I got the ESPN app on deck tho. Know that!
we always do.
Great night with the best around: , , &
I'll do this on my own ... I'll get us back on my own
...because today I got the 40%-off discount in my email.
What exactly happens at a meetup? I assume there are there people doing this in Chicago?
Watching IRobot & will smith had to run up 2,000 steps to save mankind... Um No not I
Eating play-doh with
WINNERS NEVER QUIT AND QUITTERS NEVER WIN
AND I ARE SKYPING. YOU SHOULD JOIN US BECAUSE WE LOVE YOU. ;D
RT Just because majority rules, doesn't mean they know what they're talking about. Don't doubt yourself
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf cursed her out
I need food !
Inspiration on the walls of and inspirational people on the inside
Day 3 #nynt training about to start.
Awh have fun at the cinema! ^^ & haha just cause of Zac Efron? ;) & I'll have to study so hha ;) <U+2665>
Luck is actually attitude. We attract what we put out. Make the most of your Friday the 13th!
did Monkey Girl go up today at brewery?
Did you just tell everyone in NYC to chill?
there just trying to change the subject and get sympathy for her and for them to feel bad for her when none of it's true
Staying strong has more to do with your inner strength than your physical ability. Today is about staying strong!
Yeah but I have to say something because by then I'll probably have a pain in the ass son too.
Cathy, My Momma, and I played hookie from the store today... we got some new (old) stuff for the store!!
Venison Sausage w Oregon Blueberry! Try a Delicioso Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownie
I do believe commonsense has taken flight. Why would a GA police officer handcuff and jail a 6 y o child for having a tantrum? Madness.
Latter-Days should repurpose "All Along the Watchtower".
I think you should come to PNBA. Which reminds me, Robin -- when should I start helping you plan?
We will have a big announcement today at 3:33PM! This is what you have been waiting for!!
I really would just like a peanut butter sandwich right now.
tired fuck._. goodnight twitter:D
i really hope so, homeroom was ghey! FUNK-uh-DATION?
Black Muba, huh?
sounds good
Happy Birthday Gerard Way, one of the greatest!
exactly! this bitch lives for drama, she just doesn't wanna deal with the consequences !
Dude was driving in the wrong lane but flips me off when I get out of his way.
chin up, soldier on
I can break glasses. Usually by sitting on them. Thanks for following us. E hope u listen 2 and love the music! Best & success.
I'll be there; swap is fine
A2: bring examples to the table....site maps are great, Wordpress examples and designs that you like
Hell must have frozen over because ovechkin is using a Bauer vapor instead of his CCM
Follow and #idcc11 for more on this morning's workshop on data and impact.
Omg glee so intense
I'm surprised anyone knew that lol": !!! RT : Soul Plane"
We provide therapy for children with-Anger management issues.
today i don't feel like doing anything.. i just wanna lay on my bed<3
yes, branding sets expectations, however your competition is also setting the bar as well
Jolene. Jolene. Jolene Joleeeeennnneee!!! Please don't take him just because you can
lets just say that i am sitting pretty with a 29-22 final score.
I swear I don't deserved half the shit my exs did to me.. smh
Some fugly looking hockey from the Flyers tonight. Time is running out.
Good music is hard work put into play
Markup language is in its name which was initially depressing, but turns out I'm still learning PROGRAMMING. Also
just watched a slightly sketchy envelope handover at the bar.
Great piece! You coming to FOSS4G? Think many of the best Where sessions will be repeated there.
Dear God, how I love the simplicity of laying out.
Posted a new sneak peek excerpt of Depth of Focus at www.kenyadwilliamson.com/writing.htm.
Excited our "mobile, then web" app is slowly gaining more "web app" functionality!
I love you RT me?
Good friends are like condoms; they're always there to protect you when things get hard :)
haha it misses you. Believe me.
nothing at all
Nice, I'll check it out!
Our #biggfs or 'Best IndieGoGo Funders' are showing tons of love this week & really liken' their gift cards!
Everyone in this tweet kicks serious ass in our opinion.
when it warms up, we will be around there...
hahah there ya go
Hey follow me @
#knuckles --- What are you up too today?
Now, #Chrisberman suggesting younger NFL players will be more affected by the #transformer blowout in #Candlestick. #Cmon,man!
I AM SO FUCKED. MY WORK IS STARTING DRUG TESTS.
The very best of us will likely share the same zip code some day soon here in America.
when it all comes down to it, I just want to be loved.
In the studio with AC from Cali. Another day, another dollar$$.
Ima wave bye when I see you haters
At Groupons they are offering a $60 for 100-Level Ticket for 3 Different San Antonio Spurs Game . . . the offer may go quick so if you want
Tip your bartender more than $1 for making you a ton of drinks.
Hm. RT : When IBM asked 1,500 CEOs to name their top leadership competency, they ranked creativity first.
oh NO! error message while trying to purchase norah jones tickets. Missing password but none provided...HELP!!?
Funny how things have changed so much in one year.
make me another one please
How long does it take to make soup n half sandwich? Well hale n hearty took 90 mins to deliver my order lol
thank you! Love that.
#brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases
The "J" doesn't lie. It stands for jbossy.
"Every human is an artist. And this is the main art that we have: the creation of our story." ~ Don Miguel Ruiz
Thanks for the RT friends!
Great #DNation night! Thanks to our coach , mentors and Jessica, #volunteers & #runnerds for a GREAT night!
3 Pillars of Universal Design for Learning: provide multiple/flexible methods of presentation, action/expression & engagement.
No, please don't query me via twitter. My submissions guidelines can be found on my website.
#2020Makeitstop this is crazy but interesting story <3
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
You are 100% correct about that. And I missed last nights :(
'do-do- oooohh!!, thats more than a dress, its a grace kelly movie' - piebald. rock it today everyone!
Little boy thought I wouldnt beat in Mario kart. Bitch I've been playing that since I was 3.
#ItsHardTo be in a relationship longer than 6 months, when youre not willing to give UP ur VIRGINITY
Yeah. The Cave Singers are phenomenal. This is a gift.
I can't stop being such a girl.
Life Is Grrrrraaaaeeetttttt.
The righteousness from God comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe. There is NO difference, all have sinned...Romans 3:22
Snapbacks, easier to stock for retail and your kid can wear dads hat easier!
...the worst part is that the ones who shouldn't wear them do anyway...
-moans even louder- damn Jake. God!
I need to work on my softball swing, tryna take some swings before the game?
thank you - you're so sweet!!
If you ever win a pitcher chug, lets be honest. No one wins.
My initial idea was more like participation as in a Mystery Dinner theater where we all have a part in it.
I don't even remember
huh huh huhHumpday!
should be blooming because all the bushes in our yard are. Just started yesterday.
2 tabloid reporters checking out a report of the Archangel Michael living w an old woman find that its true But thats not the only surprise.
Man the ending for the kick ass movie was stupid.... Why the jetpack?
Congrats! Job doing what now?
hey girl! i need someone to do an on camera test of this product. they have to be ok with us coming into their home to film
Wow. Junior Seau dead. Early reports say suicide. Crazy...
tweeting and shopping at neimans on line sale-its a good day
1800 silver got me on cloud 9 and a half
#ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at #SLA2012. Great to meet more of you
Urgently reminding you now because tomorrow it will be too late: remember to bring your name badge for tomorrow!!
What's the warmest place in Canada right now ?.
Thanks for the RT!
Great game again Aaron! Do work for us Thursday! #MVP !!!!!!!
EXTENDED HOURS at Thompson Library: open til 2 a.m. thru Wed. Dec. 9 for Finals Week! Come study for your exams!
#Wordstothewise When ur presented w/ the chance to come clean with someone u love u better be
By the way, this includes the governor's website. Hm.
Very, very attractive price. RT : I wasn't going to bet the Derby but if Bodemeister is creeping up toward 8-1, it's hammer time.
My Sid jersey is autographed lol
Jumping on to the bandwagon of history. If it's good enough for the library of congress, it's good enough for me.
Cool story bro.
Live In The Moment.... <3
I love looking out the window and seeing all the beautiful trees blooming.
Thanks for RT'ing The Home Builder Facebook Index today , & !
RIP BRITTANY MURPHY *XOXO*-->Gone Too Soon...
My fat ass ain't doing good either lmao Sis I ate so many rice krispies and my scale said yo' ass ain't dropped not a pound
From the inbox: "Donate an instrument to a child in need!" Just a thought, but wouldn't the kids rather have food and/or clothing?
they may be "boring" but they have success every year with what they do.
Regular straws should all be replaced by bendy straws. Well, that's how I feel
where have YOU been. I'm in hawaii... back Sunday. Pick a night you wanna hang out and ill make it happen!
More the former, and for twinges of whiny excess. The cocaine story I thought was actually appropriate in his GTA account.
Good movie. Ha. #CabinInTheWoods donnooo what were doing tomorrow... hopefully a good day outside!!
Seeing tonight at cedarville with Jos. Taking me back to my days at Crossroads In SC.
“: Basketball is an art.”
omg, why!!?? lol shes so sweet and she always give 100% in her performances!
Let's kill this aural skills final.
Good question! Message me your address and KBone's!
the drums have some good songs!
Wow... Initial estimates may have us doubling our revenues for Garden Tour over last year. This means more community grants!
well I love me some Henrik, but yes on Holtby. ;) Great goalie performanes on both ends of the ice in this one
A name make no matter for me
Janet Jackson's nutrisystem commercial should say: "This is what lollipop head looks like!"
Yeah. I would feel ALOT worse if I did that.
Finally saw and it was REALLY good. Fincher did a great job.
Pick Up The Phone
Dude, I'm related to Marie Antoinette ! Let Them Have Cake!
Newt with a walk-off home run
#lasvegastours introducing new tours for 2012! Super fun tours from Las Vegas. Death Valley, Zion, Grand Canyon, Monument Valley and more!
This dude is seriously not speaking to me anymore, lol! Really?
Why does the vampire clean its teeth three times a day? To prevent bat-breath... ha-ha!
1. Nothing in HOUR 3200 requires you to get any health insurance from govt; so it's not mandatory.
I could have gone out but I stayed home and studied i'm proud of myself
I'm not even gonna argue anymore.
I fell asleep with a bag of ice on my bed, now its all over my bed but in water form.
No little stupid pointless arguments that leads to no wear with my mom <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Really happy we got a mud balloon thrown at us
Looking forward to topless kickball at comfest Saturday. Raise your glass (or shirt) if you're playin! C
thank you! Happy Thanksgiving to you.
But this doesn’t mean that you should immediately start running marathons and drop your diet to 1200 calories
can I have your next theme tune as my blackberry ringtone? <U+263A>
Martin has been swinning at the first pitch lately too much.
And another one breaks my heart yet once again why God
One of my screenplays may have found its way into the right hands.
i am going with my friends 2day:))
crud just got this...sorry! in mtgs all day :( -CV
To avoid fraud holds, credit card co wants me to notify them every time I travel. Offered them access to my feed. Not interested...
I got tipped in grilled cheese. Did I karaoke last night? Still drunk.
Ugh so nervous!!!!!! Hope all goes well on tonight!!!!
barfs of love homie!
Have a wonderful evening! Because life is a gift ...
RT We've had bad luck with our kids - they've all grown up. ~Christopher Morley
Good morning world!! Enjoy every minute of your day!!
much going on. postcards, new website on the way, rehearsal with jay rogers tonight. my stomach is "aflutter"
okay let me know when you do lol
you're getting good at this! I'm jealous. Hurry up and schedule another
Hey Michelle, I think we're even more excited :)
be there about 8
The mind is everything; what you think, you become -Gautama Buddha
price change is going to drive customers away.... count me on that list
Driving on Hillsboro is consistently a headache
6 beers, 2 burgers, and a basket of chili fries for $18. I feel like a thief...!
RIDICULOUS. At least with the way he's pacing I at least have five minutes remaining to be more
of course! I am a huge fan of ACE
Thanks Heather! A lot of people unfortunately received a weird DM from me...
haha that was so funny almost as funny as you losing "Ella"
i mean if you tryna hook a sista up with a snapback ill think about it hahahaha. but i dont know if i wanna join yall
lots of nice posts tonight thanks
A while back I started a story on vacancies at malls. Met w/ FV's PR lady & she gave high traffic # and $ spent as well.
Departure gate at AMS, heading back to Seattle. Thanks #ogdcamp'ers, it was a blast (and I learned a lot too)!
So ready to go!!!!
I went 3 1/2 years and just spent the time working on myself and building better relationships with family and friends.
Thanks to Emily Grace for having me on her Live Your Dream Telesummit this a.m. & for giving me the opportunity to connect w/new people.
So excited to be teaching a Bible Study class at Join us as we talk about The Confident Woman!
NPR Bestsellers: Hardcover Nonfiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
Thanks for posting the info!
Learning to do self-check when feeling stubborn. I struggle w/ control & unrealistic expectations. Good thing #God is bigger than my issues!
Ugghh is making me wear a cardigan, dark blue jeans, & flip flops tomorrow -_____- #girlyfortheday ._.
Sam Upshaw sighting!
Judge Ripple's 3 word advice to #appellatelawyers: "Stay on message."
I wish everyone had a supportive supervisor like I do.
RT : UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change.
was looking like a #superhero today on
Needs someone to hangout with..
Oh here's something. Meet the Linguists was last night. So many people played themselves, it's almost embarrassing. Thank God not me though.
“Some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle or end
People have been trying to find ways to stop Rush Limbaugh for years, but in one day he hung himself by his own petard.
that painting is called "The Screamer" and he did live in the woods
happy Mothers Day babe<33 love you too !!
Yay for sleep! :)
Shout out to the beautiful
Won a book at the gadgets and gizmos event at #il2011 How about that...
Your icon *__*
Wish I had a twin so she could get me a glass of water right now....
ya now she's eating Carmel!!
And many more ;-) RT Genuine, appreciative, loving, sexy, good-hearted are some attributes #Cancer's have to offer.
not true. If he gets INT next year and takes to house in big game. America is a forgiving nation.
Train sucks live!
Coming up: Our weekly book review and making a happier life. Stay tuned.
Intermission interview has spoiler alerts!
Great start to summer with my bros.
I just can't deal with all that right now, it's too much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
This is what baseball is about. This is what is awesome about being a fan.
your driver is downstairs. He is having trouble reaching you via your cell. Hope you enjoy your meal. Go Browns!
Favorite overhead conversation in India
2 weeks+ since RAAM, I'm noticing that my blood sugar control is still very tight! Anywho, am I the only one that hates TdF rest days
get ur L's
Good morning! I have a question for you this morning. What memory does the gifts you give create? Memorable or forgettable?
I calculated wrong, it's 6X more
it's on...I'm not pregnant ne more! Lol
Im drinking lemonade and i sniffed it trying to sniff it and i couldn't
Cuz I got a controller that actually works x)
Slash playing paradise city at the Rock Am Ring in 2010. The best study music.
William Levitt: "No man who has a house and lot can be a Communist. He has too much to do." Yikes and Eww.
25% of the sweet 16 teams are from Ohio.
WNST1570: Tomorrow at 10:25a, we'll chat w Towson University Head Football coach Rob Ambrose. His Tigers have a big week ahead. Tune in!
You know what would make this day ICONic if nick would follow me :)
Super training session with the Sac Footy crew, home for a quick shower and feed and now off to Zebra Club to farewell a friend!!
If you RT this, I'll send you a 100 cereal boxes haha ;)
Pizza rolls with ranch. #yummy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
- Toure, thank you for the work you are doing and for your honesty and eloquence. It is truly valued & appreciated.
Watching the draft just makes me want football season to hurry up!
This that "I wanna go to the park" weather
It's super-icky outside, my friends, but we're still here for ya. Fresh coffee, donuts, and whatever else you need. Stay warm and be safe!
I am not naming a dog sparkles!!!
"pacifico beer" >>O.E.
Comments are welcome :)
Waiting for my P90X to arrive... will tweet out progress as I go for anyone who's interested
Does anyone know of of a place in San Diego that offers cooking classes for kids & Mom's?
hey, just following cool peeps. would love if you could return the favor :)
i have my own style but i never get to express or show it because people are always buying clothes for me I need to buy clothes myself.
soo can we hang before we get crazy busy spring quarter?
its so shocking it will almost def create a sea change in how the game is played
I feel like I'm in the wrong decade! #80sFever!
Zimmerman is obviously hiding in the same bunker Hitler used.
Attending a 2-day bootcamp at Constant Contact. Starts tomorrow.
thanks for the S/O
of course you do! who among us does not? Is your middle name cheese?
“: Drinking wine at the #SanAntonioWinery in downtown Los Angeles.. Getting my wine drinking on... =)” Ah, that sounds great!
I've "blocked" a few followers. Is there a list I can check on my page to assure myself that certain people no longer have access?
Hear that, ? You are not alone! RT : You say "I have 8 players in my D&D game" and I hear "I hate myself."
Stuck outside ben tryna get n since 12 boah I swear
We lost, I lost I lost my everthing
Pumpkins, candles, lights are purchased. Tomorrow I decorate for a weekend of ghost stories, visit www.storytellingarts.org for more details
can i watch it spit
let's tweet to people without puttin their names in it nd maybe people will figure out who I'm talkin about. this is directed towards no one
Yaay for Buffet rule passing!
vibe! vibe! vibe! girl u got that vibe.
Wonder if our team member has arrived in the US yet? We are missing you at the #Xerox social media cafe
Always amazed by your poetry good sir. Nobody looks at the Queen!
haha that's funny, I'm just happy they aren't "America's Team" anymore, Giants all the way!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets!
#FF shoutout to my new followers/fellow artists
I called this! Yay for Meryl Streep. Do not reward poor acting and bad behavior! I love Viola Davis but this role was not the one!
The team is on break until 2012, when you can expect some great new features and a better user experience on Happy holidays, all!
I bet someone gets dumped today
Hi Tweeples, #TGIF. Had a great week: busy & productive. Hope you enjoyed the same. Let's finish that
I am SO in love with you ladies! We have a BLAST together! I think we are the Triumvirate of Fun!!!
Flavors of the week Valentine's Day Cake and Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
You can't have everything at once. Be smart enough to recognize what you have.
My version of #FatTuesday is trying new food with good friends. Cajun seasoning is a plus
It is pretty intense...even for a medical show lol
I like the part where you buy one thing from Urban Outfitters and get three emails a day for the rest of your life.
to be honest I almost want to throw up. I cannot imagine the horrors we suffered under the whip.
People who make every day special U rock
shut up. That was you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
BY ANY CHANCE DID U BLOCK
*smiles*as thank you for telling me. this is quite some news. Wow
The sand can contain gross things that can penetrate your feet without your knowledge. The chances ate slim, but it's possible.
Huh. Target's coupon print agreement license doesn't haven an "I agree" button so I can actually print the coupons.
someone who gets me!
great game! Your a beast glad to have you on the nuggets squad!
": Happy 14 th birthday to my baby girl xo!!"happy birthday kaley
Next time you tweet about something crazy/drunken, use the hashtag #poggled. Let's get the word out and start our own trend!
If he texts you while playing xbox... He LOVES you :) #bf,
I love the smell of essential oil clove bud. My family hates it. Any scents you love that are unconventional?
Spending my first night alone in my apartment and every noise and creak is making me wish I owned a can of mace...or a machete.
A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.
If you live in the Florida area you can get my First Reader board books at Winn Dixie ! Be sure to check them out on your next grocery run !
Sold another home!
you didn't know?
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.-- Susan Longacre
Realized that most of my pix are of or some combination of , food or drink. My priorities are in order.
New Orleans
Kevin Hart
Not sure we can use that, but thanks!
Ron Dart~ The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
RT by the power of grey squirrel
I'm confused lol do they do this in front of other people or take pics sitting on sinks...?
& i started asking people to smack my butt, & feel it to see if it felt & looked real haha.
I WANT ONE.
Did that seriously just happen?
was fired! that is ridiculous!
Anyone ever notice that every Chuck's Last Call commercial makes him look like #TheClevelandNightStalker roaming the night streets?
Chicken and dumplings for dinner!!! !!!
Just wrote nick & gave him my sudokus haha :) hope he enjoys them while he is in there!
Thats how ur r suppose 2 sound when at the country club r having tea w/the queen. Do it all the time
Companies Lining Up to Secure Licences
RT What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but woven into the lives of others. ~Pericles
You're amazing, thank you so much for helping!!!
crazy bright. i woke up around 2 and thought it was morning already.
OMG i love those boys ='}
Nick Can i ask youh A Questions it's a ICONic Questions :D ? :)ILYShawty<3
Butler vs VCU tough game to call
hey that looks like my dog.
Now I just need to finish all of my work so I can keep applying to more internships!
Happy Gay Day!! Celebrating 2011 San Francisco LGBT Pride Weekend :-)
Anyone know what is happening at the Foss highschool field tonight? Huge lines of cars. Little league?
G.O.O.D Music >
good morning
Only if she knew...wit her mindset n mine we could take over the world
that's good dude I knew that was going to scar, feeling better too?
Chef Matt's here, serving up BBQ pork sammy w/ roasted sweet peppers and pesto pasta salad
Keep calm and Derby on!
lmao RT My nephew whoopin my shoes n said stop that hollering wtf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Pretty pumped to go see Battleship with LB this weekend. Then we will watch The Grey...
The key to increasing my productivity is definitely going to be more early morning running.
South Carolina and LSU are losing, this is a big night if the Gators, Razorbacks, and Rebels can hold on.
Yea, that one. Kristen Wiig is the most hilarious woman on the planet!
Spice up your lunch special with our housemade habañero hot sauce!! Then cool your mouth down with an icy cold Pabst. That's how we do.
I guess I should do something to celebrate my birthday...any suggestions on how to spend our evening?
yo BD is this thing working? Holla at cha boy if it is.
lol u ok what you got today.
Hm... RT Yes! RT : Today is National Buttermilk Biscuit Day! Yum...
I haven't seen you in a while ALSO!!!! How ya Been? :)
“The scariest moment is always just before you start.” <U+2015> Stephen King, On Writing
Should our economy revolve around how much we spend and consume?
right here! :)
G-Unit video shoot tonight Interested female dancers shoot me an email. :)
TAYLOR SWIFT FOR ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR!!!! YAY :D <3
yea for some reason I really been craving them
I bet we got the sickest 4/20 release!!! Who wants us to drop it tonight? Or should we keep ya waitn til Friday?
seem that way.
In here watching my brothers make a beat
You're welcome! Glad to support! Do you all style here often?
makes my job SO EASY! Love them!
Had a gud day I wasn't alone I had other friends who took me wit them :)<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E328>
RT : Got a question for Tom Brady? Reply with your question & we'll pick some to ask TB at #DraftChat on Friday...
Good night world. I love you!
Go Patriots! BJGE
Yankees win best trend ever!!
In the last 5 games, Sessions 19% Blake 55% from 3. OKC sagging off him to guard the bigs n his misses are turning into run outs
cool! Incremental additions of players trumps stagnation any day. I'll take it!
oh Ty that's all rumor and hearsay, I speak in facts and fact is you and north posey can lick my butt
Man, it's hard to not like Purdue. Love how hard they play. Painter is awesome.
nothing drez! Thank for asking though. Very thoughtful! :)
many thanks!
And still doesn't follow me.. ~le runs off and cries in the corner
Who is he? #BCEagles #NHL : Kreider, with patient soft pass, and Del Zotto earn the assists on Girardi's 2nd playoff goal
Having my first Peabody's of the semester with , yum!
Heck yes!!! I'm proud of you, champ.
i get money nigga
I think the brackets online should come with Batman sound effects when yours completely blows up
You are always welcome! Happy Monday!
When football players "say" GET OFF ME >
It is love alone that gives worth to all things. Santa Teresa de Jesus
If there's no presence , there's no Glory ! If God isn't in the Midst theirs nothing there.
#chicagobulls Why the heck was D Rose still in the game?! WTH?! Hope he's ok..
THIS. RT : "What are we gonna do today, Brain?" "The same thing we always do, Pinky. Try to take over the world!"
and waste my gas to be disappointed... nothing a phone call can't handle
If the good Lord should let me get back on my feet. Comcast will be the last cable company I'd use! "N" nothing "B" but "C" crap!
“: I cnt wait to get the new iphone....my phone too stupid” good job. Now follow back.
that sounds familiar. what you say ?
Texarkana and Northeast are now underway. Loser is eliminated
Thanks for the love, Adina and Alex! :)
Mint &Chocolate is the perfect combo, that's why our Mint Chocolate Chip is the bomb!
Morning! I'm in relative hiding until June, but I'll be about. The proposal defense waits for no one.
So glad the President has not backed down from the Right's attempt to keep a full range of health services from employees of relig institu's
: what time is it? Me: 3:22 : holy shit my moms almost here and I haven't cleaned Me: haha Me:Holy shit it's 3:22!!
thank you just doing what i,m posta do :) haha
My co, , makes TV search used by Daily Show & Colbert. You could use for NSFW/The New Gambit. Interest?
I feel like you two need John Thorne.
30+ people have now signed up to attend my workshop tomorrow on free online tools to enhance student collaboration. Me, tonight: ack!!
if I find it, I will. Idk which album i have from them but it might be an old one. I literally can't get into any songs. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
CITY OF BALTIMORE SUCKSS.. IT TOOK US OVER 6 MONTHS TO GET PERMITS TO PLAY BOCCE BALL.... Registration has started and will end on April 18
oh thanks but no thanks I have an IPAD.
Jus saw the coolest shooting star ever then made a very vague wish <U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728>
awwe thanks girl :)
not sure why your tweet popped up late - yeah - it was easy to confuse the singer for a guy. That band put us to sleep
just thought of you. Muah! So talented
Ditto RT : Yawn, more Favre bullshit, the medias spun this thing back and forth so many times, its just gross to read any more
Tired and bored... Must be A good time for bed.
I am sure ready for summer!
so true!
MAD RIVER BITCH!!!
Prevention and Natural Treatment For the Growth of Oral Yeast ...
it took about 3-4 months plus extreme diet.pretty much nothing but protein and water.if you work out I highly recommend it.
#WhenImBord I Clean My Room & Listen to Music.
Thinking about the San Diego weather & great event
#pnba our #kickstarter & indie publishing panel w/ & Tim LaBarge starts in 30 minutes!
#BOYFRIENDREVIEW it's like my favorite song it's amazing I love the beat and how u go high and low! It shows ur vocal rang ...
Great to hear it !!!! Take care!
I write at the bar quite frequently, as I do at Fellini's. But I really want something that feels more like a pub.
Whether that's a thing depends on whether it's pecan. If so, I'm on my way to join in the celebration!
You deserve the best, you're beautiful &lt;3
I hate seeing people sad -.-
Dollar scoop day at Maroon Bells in Denver DTC! Who cares if its in the mid 20s.
Thanks for following me, Jessica. Look forward to all the sass & wit. Best - Bruce
Watching Hot Fuzz with my bestie :)
Falling asleep. z
Thank you to everyone for coming out for the festival! And thank you to all our performers! Everyone was amazing. Can't wait to do it again!
Ready for the NBA playoffs <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Go ahead and #followus or just come out to #eat our #Ahi and #Salmon at Milpitas Farmers Market across safeway in the indian community cent.
I'm at LAX waiting for a United flight, too! It's madness here.
did somebody find them already!?
"Heyy umm... I saw your face, so can I have my sweatshirt back...?" Oh, i make myself giggle (:
Thanks for the RT on Friday! We appreciate you helping spread the word.
I believe Godard's original spec included an ashtray mounted on the side as well.
Nice! Praise God for that. Plus you get the privilege of participating in the training of men and women for ministry.
Hey Mikey! So how you dernnnnn?!(;haha can't wait to meet u in Chicago this summer with Thomas! Follow me? luv ya!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Happy New Comic Book Day! Stop in today to pick up your new books and some Christmas gifts
we sure should... Let's start planning
RT ": kaila do you approve of how i summed up personality?"hahaha nice, this sandwich is takin over KC I like it! ;)
The band at tonight's Oscars remind me of sad buskers at
who says the speech can't be in song form? :)
Picked to go all the way in my NCAA bracket. Don't let me down, boys!
Missing people is so overrated.
At 11:11 I wish for you and also at 1:43 except I wish harder at 1:43 for that person I love
Ouch LOLOLOL did bite you ? :D
Our aspirations are our possibilities. Robert Browning
Thrilling #NYR victory with a little side of #Mets win over the Phillies, gimme dat
You can't blame me if it gets that long tonight.
With no Saturday move from Tiger I'm officially on the Freddie Couples bandwagon. Hope there's still room. If not.....SERGIO!
wanna switch? I think you can make morning drunkardness classy
Just purged the list of who I am following... cleansing is good for the oxygen levels in the universe.
OH: "omfg, i can't believe my mom scheduled by SAT appt the same weekend as coachella." Oh you NYC prep-school kids, you're killing me.
thx so much!
Back home was def poppin was lit
Congrats, !!! Diva / Divo is an amazing album. I'm looking forward to hearing you soon!
With Amendment #1 passing in NC, what is the record for marriage amendments? 0-32?
Had a great time at the show last night. Want to thank The Last Troubadour for inviting us out.
not entirely true, I am right sometimes, Janice you're just stubborn...and wait for it
jeez. did yall get a jersey too?
Just saw a group of kids playing hide and seek. I wish I was still a kid sometimes.
Awesomeness..RT : IT'S OFFICIAL! 2012 Bridgestone #NHL #WinterClassic will be played on Jan. 2 in Philly. #Flyers vs.
did Camille know before the season started that their marriage was already doomed?
Says alot about their customer philosophy when if you call to complain you get foreigners, pay a bill, Americans.
Road Rules
mine too. I think I have to change it. The fog horn is doing too much.
HAH I noticed that this morning too. "Where's my buy stock at $0 button" I thought.
I realize I typo'd "Pixar" and said "Pizar" in a recent post, but I'm standing by it!
i would miss GOMEZ.
ordered new business cards, hopefully I'll have them in the next few days.
awwwmigawd so tired.
all im looking forward to is June 1st and July 22nd.
Bulls making NJ look like 3rd graders so...
My back needs a new back!
Ha, I love my ShakeWeight! RT : someone invent the #Travel #ShakeWeight. I'd be in. I need a ShakeWeight in a more portable form
Couldn't Stevie Wonder just sing?
...or the first ever "ur mama" during a debate
you're welcome & thank you for your comments, Very kind. Blessings!
happy birthday! <3 follow!???? Please
Creative Business: Industry Preparation and Entrepreneurship - This is absolutely one of my favorite class to teach!
Great meeting with today. Prepping a #Social/ #SEO and #email marketing plan. Ready to expose them to the consumer industry!
twitter is kinda lonely, don't you think? No one cares what you have to say unless your a celebrity or something.
Wow went back to old stomping grounds St. Marks place. Got depressed then drunk. Why did I buy this cheesecake??
Do you think should make their own version of an ipad?
Good morning Twitter.....everyone have a great day =]
and i've also seen that u made new vidz (: in ur next one can u make a shoutout to me ? (:
Just because guys tell you to back off is because you're stuck up our asses, we tell you nicely to back off, and you cry about it. wtf.
Today I'm sporting my Infinite Bacon shirt from !! So comfy!!!!
things R bigger in Texas. How bout a TX Roll with shrmp, avocado, cream cheese, wrap w/crab, wasabi cream sauce, eel sauce & sriracha
Thank you for the follow!! Hope all is well in the UK!
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!
Great discussion at Walker Brands for and the NYAS. Is our focus on the "best & brightest" talent an elitist idea?
Sad! All my Google Latitude friends are greater than 5000 miles away.
you gotta have some portuguese blood w that last name?
Fixing to get off work and head to the Outcast spring fishing sale!!!
Im so scared man.!!
oh you never have to tell me to take a break :-)
Note to ABC and NBC: bring all your stars to your upfront presentation.
My hearts a stereo, it beats for you so listen close
Ew I can't believe you asked him for sex HAHAHAHA. Ew. & you say I'm gross! Lolol. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> nice try.
Great workouts tonites
Mariela is amazing! Her mission is impressive. Interviewed her for Hispanic Outlook in Higher Education magazine
if ion fuck with you ..ion fuck with you. Ion need to explain myself.
Going out for a bit.
Getting food with Tays & then heading home to sleep.
RT "Our language is the reflection of ourselves."-César Chávez (b.1927)
I walk in the rain so that nobody will see me crying
@ Baby Stacks with the person in the earth, my brotha Josh
Did you know? The Film Term: "A.D.R." stands for Automated Dialogue Replacement? when u end up with bad sound, u use ADR to recapture it.
Im hungry!
I'm keeping it real! Gotta look at both sides. Everything has its up and down. Except for Braun not getting suspended. All up!
Grouchy WSU fan last night. Grouchy Mizzou fan tonight. This household hates March Madness 2012.
RT Do grades make sense when we can keep/search artifacts of learning (and tcher commnts) 4ever in the digtl age?
SLAM Vs Surf 1-29-12 1:00 PM at AV Christian School. " West Republic " performing " The Original Planking Song " & " We Are The Party ".
new photo, you already know tho
Get into the Thanksgiving spirit a few weeks early with our featured Thanksgiving Pizza. It'll Plymouth Rock your world.
No :( I had to cancel for a family wedding. BUT I might be up the next weekend or in a few weeks after that. I'm trying!
How you just gonna spill someone's coffee like that?
reaching too far back for yesterday.........defeats tomorrow's grasp.
Cosmo has an article, "77 Sex Positions in 77 Days." Who does this?
Just saw the trailer for that. That alone was intense!
I couldn't agree more :)
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Israel Garcia Jr °Rising 9th °Brownsville, Tx °Travel Team: South Texas Heat °Shooting Guard 6’0
RT : Thanks, Hoosier teabaggers, for expanding the Senate playing field for us. Just like in 2010.
How many games will oft-injured Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford play in this year? I put the over/under at 9.
BIW's hosting service is accredited to ISO 27001.
or extra batteries.
Great :-) State Farm isn't it?
Im in love with MaryJane , she makes my heart saang (:
Mission Valley mall's still very popular. Traffic jams around the holidays!
Nope, never mind. She just doesn't know how to text.
Sweet! Thanks for sharing ;)
I want to give a shout-out to for giving me a heads-up. Thank you!
I'll get a tattoo when u go to college haha
"What are you listening to?" "That's a car alarm."
Gentleman...for heavens sake! Wear a belt...preferably whenever wearing trousers...of any kind
Thanks to everyone that joined and participated in #sbchat tonight ~ we will select a #WinningtheCustomer recipient tomorrow.
How adult is the behavior of all these men that want to be pres?
Are you not in Buffalo for camp?
I really don't like that I'm becoming such a girl. I've no idea when/how this happened. Ew.
lol shut up
lol you should. He'll never be the same
Pittsburgh has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
"The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience." -Marissa Mayer, VP Google
HE KNOWS
Still can't believe the pacers lost!!
And in my opinion, that's the only award worth winning. :)
She gets it from ME
We believe that Waco is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
Thanks for having me! Great to meet you too. Look out, NYC, we're comin for ya.
Yes! Ill go to boxing when I'm pissed and ready to get aggression out lol
Judge Allows Man to Probe Alleged Assailant's Facebook Page
are you enjoying LIFEBOAT? Charlotte Rogan will be at PLA at the Debut Author panel
A quarter of the clothes in my closet belong to guys. (Friends & exes)
The protest at Lane CC is 7 students in favor of solar power/against coal. Great acoustic choices - they sound WAY bigger.
Leaving bright and early tomorrow on the to !! Yay Bungy!
i do it all the time. lol!
anytime - keep up the relevant writing
Got an email that says 4/8 week for Fuel band. Any update since?
nifty as bru
Plan: Drinking free coffee at work. $1 to my name. I will get through this a better and stronger person. And a little leaner. :)
Ended up with all comp, benefit, and system deliverables at the same time. FYI - This is a terrible idea...
Yes, and especially considering what he did, which is ASSAULT, not just an ill-considered remark.
Because bad US movies are more profitable internationally, we'll make way less dramas. At least there's the UK. Comparative advantage sucks.
follow back!!
I miss you come back on soon!!!
its so much easier if i give u the money to buy it. I dont shop for myself anymore
That works! They will be at the customer service desk.
Play the field girl! Look and never settle. That's how I roll
Excellent! Glad to see it made an impact.
I'm scared of the unknown.
good morning
It's amazing how lame you are
#bearcats looking good! Finish strong!
So excited to try the new menu 's Sixteen by - based on amuse alone, we all have something to celebrate!
You'll hear a little more within the next two weeks but it might just surprise you.
RT Hello thank you for the follow ;)
UTSA has cooled off offensively, now shooting just 36%
Omg... I missed you best friend. How are you? Happy Sunday. Good Morning
Mike Brown doesn't get paid to coach! Oh, wait...
#ThisSummerImTryna turn up the crazy meter.
That's awesome – can't wait to meet you! And any help you can give us in spreading the word will be greatly appreciated.
Down 33 pounds!! Put rocks in your pockets, my friend, you'll blow away in the wind soon. Congrats!
Discounted memberships available! only until Oct. 15!
I cant get down with this whole womens lib thing. Instead of making me excited it just annoys the shit out of me.
i'm lighting obsessed at the moment, and the holidays have made me a candle hoarder.
When you have to pee really bad, but then when its time to.. You can't ..
Too much to do and I'm choosing to stop for the night. Sometimes a girl just needs a break!
#syep $17/hr to start w/health if you pass A+ #exam and 2mos
I'd rather the puppies than the Moon Pig sitting next to me at BUR slurping on his water bottle. Too early for this!
#WW It's that time again! (See you Friday!)
JonKim goes surfing!!!
YOU ARE GORGEOUS!!! IM THE UGLU DUCKLING.!
do u believe in it?
Its my dads "lil how" birthday, so I'm trying to be nice and tell her Happy Birthday, but the Bitch won't answer!
What's your favorite movie about Friday?
Thank you very much, we appreciate it!
Marissa McInnis, "Pilates at Work Rock Star,” will be talking about staying healthy despite living in a cube.
Audience Q: what would you call leadership if you wouldn't call it leadership?
miss you already!
old for vday: [not] being hyperbolic when i say that desiring men is literally the worst thing that has ever happened to me
Issues on MLS Content really need thought of impacts. Good Syndication presentation by Gregg Larsen "Syndication Bill of Rights"
Ride the Beat Tour is in town! Official afterparty co-hosted by & (B.o.B) Tonite
Hospital in Haiti Launches Search for Chief Executive Officer
In the beginning, there were burritos and it was good.
! Hi I love you <3 okay byeskies :)
Dear Sluts, Stop using YOLO as an excuse to sleep with everyone....
To all sophomores our senior prank has to slay and top this one
Game started as a shootout, defense stepped up, but then both offenses finish with nice TD drives.
Note: I am only leading the Information Procedures part of the training. and , et. al. are doing lots
This kids too funny
lol Amen! RT “: Manning just arrived to Miami on a private plane!! Wow Put me in coach! I'll do some negotiating
Check out our new and improved website: www.envillepublishing.com #Hillcrest book coming out soon!
I know, right?! At least *somewhere* beachside where you could feasibly lose a shaker of salt... :P
You need to follow your favorite sister(me) and your favorite brother..
oh cool, i like it lol(:
How do i update my twitter ???? LOL
ahh! Look at her beautiful hair! My kid needs your kid's weave. :)
Is being a ginger a requirement on the flyers?
Had a great day today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
To Block someone you should place your forearms in front of you and always always keep your head up.
"The prettiest people do the ugliest things, for the road to riches and diamond rings"
she already has tickets!! That sucks!!
Usually I don't sleep this long on a sunday , well just woke up. :D
our office loves you. Are you still visiting those in snacktime need?
Be curious. Support education.
Thanks!!! :) & I'm already excited for next year! :)
Although I love Tim, I despise the Jets. Florida was robbed! We need Tim back here in the Sunshine State. :(
Your 3 is important purely because you have to anticipate Moeaki getting hurt at some point. Last year illustrated it.
I do!:) wear it all the time! The greatest present EVER!:))
RT Still not sure if construction paper is used in construction.
Frank martins speeches in pregame and at halftime to his team even inspire me
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Remember, there is no bad publicity – whether good or bad, publicity is good for business.
Up early heading for #sportsbiz meetings in Palm Beach/Orlando. Look forward to seeing ESPN WW of Sports Complex and Braves facility.
My dad just told me since my mom doesn't want to take me that he'll pick me up tonight like at 2 in the morning <33
have fun with that suspension! Your organization should be ashamed
I will be there again this year #Withit ! Hope to say hello!!
Yay! & I just did that. Def. stop in Big Sur, I want to go back! We also stayed at the Madonna Inn for photos. :)
Judging a dance competition today! :)
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ Friendship is the highest degree of perfection in society.
Thanks for the follow Junk Skull (junkskullshop)! :)
Yeah, my buddy is starting that band. Lolz.
Aiji caused the breakup of Pierrot and basically didn't even give enough shit to give the fans a proper last live show.
Yes! Skype is a plan-nxt week? Def. Want to show off your kids & you!
There was a petting zoo on campus today. Lots of baby farm animals in a pin.
Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world
I have a lead role as an irate property owner in Kevin Baggott's film HERE. Most of this movie was shot in Ireland the rest here in NYC.
The Pharcyde - Passin' Me By: via
Heard you're leaving the city that never sleeps. Where to?
HUGE ANNOUCEMENT! Nicole & baby Emma will be on this morning. Can't wait to see them. Tune in! Call your friends! See ya 9am.
Thanks for the follow :) -Ana
hey thanks so much it was fun!
!!! lol my sh!t was definitely The Fifth Wheel and Blind Date. Man...
Hope it all goes well!
When you find out who your real friends are >>>
Options inspire change. Have one.
wats Good with u
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.~Dr.Seuss
Honoured to have worked with a great group of undergrads this year. Humbled that they think I'm great, too.
any ideas who will sign w/ #SKC today?
I already told you wassup baybes !!!!(:
thank you :)
This thread screams for an Admiral Ackbar quote.
Bob Gates, former Def Sec and the College of William & Mary's newest chancellor, was my commencement speaker when I graduated from W&M.
Smashed lamp, message from alarm company...that's what I woke up to after last nights get together lol what a blast!
....although LOVED Dark Shadows.. wasn't expecting it to be that good from the trailer.
I KNOW. Her's has a uppercase H.
We are still at the corner of Piedmont Ave & Tenth Street in Midtown Atlanta. We look forward to seeing you.
How was your day, love?
cant sleep! so mad my b.d doesnt want 2 sign the docs 4 KaLiaH to Get her passport UGGGHHH!
i wonder what its like to kiss :)
Playing the Agenda tonight at 8pm. How To Build A Fire and Cold Ground. 82nd and Division.
There are giants owls at least 2 foot tall in my back pasture. We have smaller dogs. I am afraid. Very afraid...
TGIF!! Fish Fry Friday at "The Mad" Tonight...Beer-Battered Pacific Rock Fish / Crispy Fries / House-Made Tartar = De-Lish!!!
if I had to throw a tennis ball over & over to keep my boyfriend entertained you know I'd be doing something wrong. ;)
My naughty cat just got her paw stuck behind our gas fireplace insert by one claw
At Denver East for Angels' lax showdown with Chaparral. It's a balmy 41 degrees, and wet.
Overheard: "I'm dropping music with the same attitude as a woman asking her man to buy tampons. If you fuck with me it shouldn't matter."
Hate to disappoint, but I know nothing about vaginal tightening.
What if you are more gifted and powerful than you ever thought possible?
Happy valentines day?
Thought We was ordering from US but bag arrived from China. We checked around but no luck on home front.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
Buying a motorcycle. Sitting in the sales office now.
Time for coffee....
#PetPeeve when you can hear people swallow as they drink
I have been !
S/O To & Going in on heat from the streets
All by design...
Yeah, I'm pulling heavily for Spain and will also follow the Dutch team. Somebody doesn't like it, o well...
re:'s redesign: As long as It'sMrLucky's daily blogs are still on the home page, it's great!
hey vas happening?
Brainstorming ideas... don't forget to vote for Mtn Dew White Out!
People are seriously retweeting that. I don't wether to act serious or laugh my arse off!!?
Packed house at session on social media!
It's wasn't that bad at work today. It was actually too slow. So it was an easier day for me, the dishwasher. It tried my best to stay busy.
Just finished a 3.5 mile run and we're off to the movies.
Mavs by 2! I've never rooted for them so much in my life!
MarkWLein thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I RT and followed now can I get a good Night DM?
Thank you!
Joseph Chilton Pearce~ To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Pure Sports will be hosting a #soccer clinic for the Boynton Beach Knights this Friday. Ages 9-12.
- Unreal! Good for you man! Have fun and tell 'em to win, would ya? /cc
Caught in the life
Thanks for the follow!
2012 only reminds me that being born in the 70's era I'm close to hitting 40.
when should i get my confirmation email that you all received my try on kit? just want to make sure it arrived.
's new picture of the new "dog toys" at work, smh -_-
Feeling bad for Terrell Owens. If Dr. Phil wasn't there, they'd probably eat him alive and divide up his collection of sweater vests.
. Yes, indeed, thank you! Herbert Simon, AB’36, PhD’43.
need more.
Follow me too, I'm new at this.
great news turnout and now onto the next....FF # - stop by macy's to get free museum month pass this weekend!
So remember to rejoice in his name n praise god to day n ask him for his forgiveness for our sins n let's start off new aman
This is a GREAT time to include physical activity into your everyday lifestyle! Post-Holiday/Pre-New Year Celebrations. GET IT IN! :)
look i'll get in apc just watch lol.
#bow #bow show none at all
#imagine One Direction singing what makes Madie Beautiful and at the and they give reasons why you are Beautiful :) say ILY
I didn't have time to reply before but btw, this rant is deep and I totally agree.
100th follower :) thanks
My pleasure! Thank you! RT : Wow is right!! Can't wait to show Maggie! Thanks JP!
Great! We'll shoot you an email soon.
What a weekend! Join us today for the #Rangers vs #Capitals and #Knicks vs #Heat. Great day for NY Sports. Dont 4get to try our BSC Burger
Just remember, it could be worse.
yes, yes, and no. Well be in durham late but might stop in for an after party if there is one. If i dont pass out in a snow bank
My thoughts exactly :) RT: Now, how can we rally support to add Hawaii neighborhoods to your community?
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 30
What happened, boo? ):
Is the boxing match on tv?
Testing my new twitter app
I just played Remember The Time by Michael Jackson on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
lol ya i was with you until the boy part lol
When you use the power of your own mind to achieve your business goals you reach your goals at the speed of thought.
Great fun comedy aud now walking the streets of nyc ;)
What's the worst drink you have ever made?! Reply for a FREE sample of Closing Time!
Office boners aren't so bad when you can hide it under a desk, but that's always when the boss wants you to make a copy in the mailroom.
: It's a bit crowded on my night stand at the moment. I'm currently reading MAP OF TIME, CLASH OF KINGS, and ALL WORK NO PAY.
I'll bet what motivated the British to colonize so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
Seriously food looks/smells disgusting right now. That's how I know I'm sick.
thanks for the RT!
Hahah. I'm coming down to ATX for a weekend (or three) this summer. Can I borrow your couch?
This distance is rough
Way to go bolts!!
I hope today goes by fast (:
thanks, Kaj! Great to meet you!
Aggravated with a few people but guess I'm getting over it. Lot's of sh** going on in my life right now but guess wat, Chad. Sh** happens.
In related news, Bristol Palin's son Tripp has an exclusive book, "How To File A Report To Child Services" out this Summer.
Strep freaking throat. That's all. Can you bring me soup and sing to me? Hahaha
Thanks for the groovy RT!
Get the VIP experience at the Nine Mile Music Festival! VIP Tickets on Sale Now!
Lmfao that was a hard foul, but come on Lebron that last extra flop was kinda gay
Ah… I love March in Colorado. Had morning coffee out on the deck, a warm morning. Now it is sleeting - wait, the sun is out...
I take b12, b6, d3 and a probiotic. Works for me but everyone is unique!
to me #deeperlearning means it is transferrable to novel context in the long run (vs only in short-term memory to regurg.)
Time's running out to win a free lg pizza today! RT this & add something u wanna do this fall. We'll randomly select a winner at 5.
Soothing sounds of for ride home tonight segueing into #RetributionGospelChoir into #SonsandDaughters La Lune
yea when Eva y'all boys wanna come fuck wit me up here let me know we can take this bitch over
Every company needs a leader. That's an important part of being the CEO of the company.
hey! I'll check out your music :) follow me :)
My activity feed on my page is wacky...it is blank, but I have been on doing stuff...
Do people not send follow up emails & notes after an interview anymore? I've been interviewing peeps & haven't been getting follow-ups...
Nothing helps relieve stress more then getting a pedicure. #ah (:
Congrats to TW Noll's Kelly Preston (Waunakee HS) on her commitment to the University of Denver!
hit my phone
Damn I wish instead of having household dogs and cats we had penguins and monkeys!!
#momofboysmoment...my 2 year old is memorizing the NFL teams by their helmet pictures.
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
I love your smile and the way you make me smile.
“: will you marry me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no” THIS.
TONIGHT! The opening reception for exhibition 6-8pm! Refreshments, raffle, and more!
Dina’s #Organic #Chocolate is gluten-free and absolutely divine. Now available at The Chocolate Library.
You can't start a future if you're still bitter about the past.
Booth Award winner Denny Sanford is Assoc of Fundraising professionals 2012 Outstanding Philanthropist
Teenage Alien Invading Ninja Turtles?
lol, sounds great! Hope you enjoyed it. :)
Hey I high five over Tofu all the time. You fail.
Leadership Retreat Starts Tommorow at 1!!! Woo hoo get pumped!!!
Wow Rev. I have written several sayings on letting go. This is a great piece.
really? we're fighting over galaxy shoes? c'mon now, people.
Michael Douglas movies rule. He is always wearing a business suit and trying to kill his wife. And he always has a mental break down.
So #thankful & #blessed to be surrounded by friends, family, clients & a boyfriend willing to get me thru anything!
CORY AQUINO ? a CREDIBLE and extra ORDINARY person, an icon of democratic REVOLUTION through out the YEARS!
you hosted a great event at , we are excited about benng involved.
we can't win em all man, we still love you in Milwaukee, keep up the great work!
IM IN STUDY HALL
hey former best friend. U still alive lol? how r u, wats been up, how everything been? Is my nephew here yet?? Lol.
RT : Speaking with from this morning on social media. #AAMKT --> Nice!
long yawns ZZ z ill be at bww owings mills later
Getting ready to go meet Dave and take a tour of CRAS!
Evidently minnesota hasn't been informed on snapbacks. I'm introducing them!
Off to Digital Humanities Conference in Stanford: today tutorials and Keynote speaker David Rumsey
- Very good times. Season 4 was the worst fashion wise. Season 1 was pretty bad.
This friday we are having karaoke food and drink ====> 11041 ables ln. Dallas,tx. 75229
looks useful..linkage to the article?
thanks for the follow
lightweight...I got to go Broly on everyone. #EpicFacepalms for everyone muhahaha
I know it's early but the #twins really could have buried the #whitesox at 1-5 w/ the Twinks at 6-1.
He uses such Cubeland lingo as: "Yeah, I got it. I just haven't quite absorbed it yet."
doin good!!! anxious for our next investigations.. got 2 coming up back to back in june!
thank you for the FF mention.
When is the only time a baby is good in basketball?
C's win by 12. KG scores 20+. “: C's escaped the trap game 3. How about a nice, solid wire-to-wire win today?”
The librarian at the Masonic Temple in Philadelphia has a Nancy Pearl action figure!
Didn't hun, got maybe an hour. :(
and tell that thirsty trick to @ my twitter name so i kno its real lmao dat song have me rollin
Tickets for my show Dancing with my Demons are selling fast, so get to the theatre early tomorrow to ensure good seats!
LOL !!! ": turn off the sound and watch certain music videos,it looks like groups of people going crazy ..."
I'm hiding my shoes
Amen! And scary.
It's a wrap! #Beachbody's/#TeamBeachbody first photo session in the studio!
dude I was talking bout Rebecca being a girl with no talent not Justin. Get your facts straight
In The Trigon Grove beyond the cavernous cave in the meadow we approached a solitary grave & were met by a glowing ghost dude.
I AGREE! Bo. RT : that 40 yr old .25 million guy was a d-bag!
My 2nd dream after meeting my hero/soul, , is to sit in her shoe closet and just bask in the ambiance.
We just did an impromptu performance at Jackson Square!
well isn't that the best kind? Lol
Greatest tweet of all time. Does Roxanne count? RT I hit Dana, DJ, even Kimmy Gibler, never Blossom.
Hmm, able to log in to our server box. Completely forgot we had 2 drives in this machine. Full recovery looking more hopeful.
I KNOW WHAT I WANT, AND I WANT IT NOW. i WANT YOU COZ IM MISTER VAIN
Videla says disappearances were necessary to avoid protests. (Shows the regime's fear. After all, what else do you do with tortured bodies?)
I don't feel good.
The quality of my video is stupid:o its fine on my computer but it sucks on YouTube
I had to get used to calling erasers "rubbers" when I lived in Barbados. Our rubbers were called "Frenchies" there.
Good morning twitter ppl (B <U+FFFD> A) 4 ever
RT : Bruce Kingma is talking at the #Springer summit about Lib Value - a project on how to measure the ROI of academic...
Become who you are.
Time to see how much that old Burger King uniform is worth, a hoodie given to Facebook staff sold for $4,000 on eBay!
I wish I had time to play guitar and do yoga.
The Grapes of Mild Annoyance
Communicate progress towards goals w/all employees on a monthly basis, by video. Flip cam + creativity= education. Low $, big impact!
Q: I talk to a lot of vendors who want to implement SAML. Other then telling them to buy #pingfederate where can I point them for best info?
I will be stopping once i see where chase goes lol im exhausted
lol more like I SAVED myself Awww I miss yearbook with you guys :( And that faggot Brandon <U+E328>
#backinelementaryschool we had recess...and we were seperated by gender! Now....? Guess things change! #progress ?
hahahah just a bit. Agreed tho.
thanks for inquiring, get in touch with us by email at or contact us from our website www.hcmpllc.com
Xbox 360 leads with the largest library of on-demand HD movies and television in the U.S. on-demand market.
It would just be great if the City would simply answer the questions raised in the letters we submitted. Is that too much to ask?
There is no thing as the right one , but you are here for just right now hunny .
Guys, I just did this thing called "yoga" and now I feel great! You should try it
Anybody a WW II veteran or know one my son could phone interview for a school project? 15 minutes tops. Thanks.
I so agree with you Ruthie, I love kissing too! (I miss it) Have a fabulous day!!
Teaching 4 days in kindergarten this week. Those kids are full of energy!
whats unrealistic about him? (serious ? cuh)
Bad Meets Evil Photographer Talks 'Atomic' EP Cover Inspiration
And take your uber rich cronies with you too. Your stick is not working anymore.
Stoppin at 4beer. What's new on tap?
Still relaying. 5ish hours left.
That's awesome! This is going to be big for Open311. I hope and are proud of you!
how about a noun? you should call somebody a clown!
Pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
Sorority qotd: "studying for this test is killing ny soul."
I Sented It Check It Out And Let Mehh Kno What Yu Think .!
It's the first day of #MentalHealthMonth. What #selfhelp techniques are you practicing today? Be sure to endorse yourself for the effort!
Actor, singer, civil rights legend Harry Belafonte gets standing ovation.
DailyHookahTip#59: Check out the new Freeze Hose They have a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
Visions in Action is an organization working in Africa with programs in food security, education, exchange, and HIV/AIDS. Please follows us!
This Komen thing shows you that once you give to a Leftist cause they think every dime DONATED to them is theirs by RIGHT or ELSE.
To work as a pollworker for the upcoming presidential primary, you must apply by 3/23/12.
I was in NYC for a hot minute. Omw back to Miami as we speak. NY June 6-10 for book promo. B back b4 then for sure ;-)
About 160 people waiting to hear senator DeMint in Concord.
yes I love shoes. Maybe kinda obsessed with it. What's your hobby?
when I tell them I'll just hang with the kids that are already there they call the cops. I don't get it.
Had an awesome time last night performing in Old Time Radio plays. Over two hours of dramas, music and happiness all around.
Just saw a drag queen do a full split.
The comments on Phil Collins youtube videos are very entertaining
Paint a Picture Day 1 was Amazing thanks for makin it a rub!
ok,cool, but if u would want 2 have a copy I wouldn't be opposed to emailing u it. But I'll keep in contact. Have a good day.
When im cookn up dat drop yea I bet my door knock
I want some dennys
happy birthday! Literally!
Get ready to start filling up our expanded office space for Sequence Media groups sales and marketing division, right next door...
In a writing session!
Happy mothers day!!!
4 weeks and 6 days till school starts
i followed(;
I am always amazed that folks think of talking to an attorney after a business deal rather than before...we offer low cost legal services t…
Love TGI Fridays. Im going to get me some Chicken Alfredo today again.. Love it baby!!!!!
Haha just saying sometimes being a girl rocks!
I always applaud Emma for wearing ruddy colors as a redhead. Liked Lana's dress, but the cape & lip color just weren't working.
- You're welcome!
What a wasted pick by the jags.
Prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into.
Thank you for sharing this.
Just got home from my job :( ready to wind down and go back to my JOB tomorrow :(
Brad Closson & Mike Leamon doing a great job of showing how to use a story board system for planning...war room
Outta sauce?
how do I get on the list to do hair for one of the shows?
Jay Manuel, the guy who runs everything on America's Next Top Model.
The problem w/ the article sent you is some inaccuracies, + he's a MSFT guy trying to use a Mac like a PC. Its not!
We're giving away 15 PAIRS OF TICKETS to the "Project X" red carpet Hollywood Premiere on Feb 29th! Reply for your chance to win!!
bout to make some good waffles
If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms. ~Mike Ditka~
RT : Marco Scutaro, Michael Cuddyer and Ramon Hernandez all get their first Rockies hits in the 3rd inning.
Penn State penalty to Rich O'Brien, two for boarding. Oakland to the PP with about a minute to go in the second
Alright time to read.
I HATE when they intentionally do that. Shouldn't we all just stick to that 'accidental pregnancy' thing?
#SmartScore is aiming to be part of that, but policy will require buy-in, we'll see... RT : Gates Foundation asks - how we can…
Now offering 52% off QiGong, Acupunture, Private Yoga, 60 min session and consultant, Location Bethesda, MD Check it out at HealthyDeals.com
We hope someone from Arts Live can come to our exhibit opening tomorrow
Life is full of trade offs and the best part is discovering the beauty of your path
TODAY'S THE DAY!!! Come visit me at the #Etsy booth TODAY at #CraftyBastards from 3-5!! Booth number #65 :D
Heh… Grumpy participation. ;) Wonder if it's generational? I'm feeling like a grumpy old fart.
RT This man just said "Go Hogs" at ASU graduation! #gohome #stAte #redwolfnation <a mess...lol>
where you at?
with quotes from popular political pundits. Take as an example this...
Wow, time flies! RT : Today 3 years on Twitter:
Amazon "buy with one click/send to kindle" is genius and dangerous at the same time. I'm surprised my Kindle hasn't raised a white flag.
My 666th tweet goes out to
if you start looking queasy now you could totally go home sick in a couple of hours and make it!
i like calling a nigger cause well, she's simply a plain ol' nigger.
No one I know mentioned that Pete's reading _Crying of Lot 49_ on the train in the opening shot of 508.
Thanks for sharing day.
aint nobody up .
I traded in my Blackberry for my new Droid 4
sorry thats what i meant but i was going to fast lol
Troy Smith finds Andrew Brewer on 4th and goal to give the #nighthawks a 10-6 lead with 8:45 left in the second quarter.
any php developers feel like whipping up a basic CRUD app for a few extra bucks?
HOUSE OF BLUES - ORLANDO - AUG 15 - IRRATIONAL - come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor. 1 day ago
Universal/Motown Artist Mika Means on the Adva Mobile platform. Text getmika to 88704 to check her out on your phone.
Dear McDonalds cashier, Don't give me that look, there's no age limit on a happy meal. Sincerely, don't forget the toy bitch.
Nice spacey jam and now softly back into Jibboo ending. Tasty!
are watching Miguel Cotto vs Floyd Mayweather Junior ? starts in a few
Tlc; Happy Birthday
Mom was holding me and somehow my paw went through her large hoop earring! I don't know how it happened. Ear and paw were not harmed!
would like to discuss how we can help schools with PLE in New York.
dude! We went to school together for a semester :)
what's the biggest thing you've learned in all this?
We have 700 slots for Summer Corps 2012 - #lawstudents, get your applications in early to secure your spot!!
Nothing says "Arizona" like M&Ms from a refrigerated vending machine.
Getting my hair done. It's about time.
I am so thankful to work with and know such amazing, supportive people =
Do you really need to tweet that?
#SinceWeBeingHonest been the same chick from day 1
omgosh what?! Happy for happy news!!
Random note to self: change surname to "Cumberbatch", because, really??!
We're going BACK BACK TO CALI!!!!
What is the highest amount you would spend - or have spent - on good ink?
I'd definitely agree with u on that one! It's so trashy.. I honestly don't know why it's so addicting...
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. - George Bernard Shaw
told you menard would wreck
RT : Great presentation fr Adrienne Cochrane on how National Urban League helped prepare her for CEO role. More:...
is the Man!!! Don't miss out follow him, he follows back.
#20factsaboutme 11) I have a 2 foot Christams tree in my room!
Getting next Konkrete Jungle series together... July 2 kick off w/ dj Aphrodite, Urban Takeover - UK @ Obsession inside the Crazy Horse 3.
thanks bookie & I'll try!!!
Spent morning back at the Julie Bronson drunken child injury hit & run trial. Cell reception gods were smiling on me yesterday. That's over.
I can't be at home when I'm writing. Or editing. I just can't.
Say Hi to Rakestraw for me.
Raise the jolly roger
bag it , roll it , smoke it , choke it .
Dairy queen going live right now that's what I like about Texas
well played.....well played....but no....its none(:
no man they aren't beating the Denver Tebows!
we aren't giving them away for Fernando and Greg's segment for sure, but I'm still getting a lot of callers, haha.
Following back :)
Wow! Just saw profile pic for first time!
I hear ya Kyle! I wish you the best brotha! RT : Everyone is signing new contracts. My time is coming soon
I swear I love that man <U+2665>
I'm obsessed with I need them in my life
I DO think I need to make this move to #BP and re-up on #L's in time for this 4th quarter...
Sure....Tuesday is open! Yay for painting. Winnie can't go in public so this is perfect. Thank You!
A4 I'd say find groups where you're learning. If you're giving all the advice, knowledge, might be time to move on.
RT : that recipe book is awesome! #c4l12 agree...on east coast time, v. hungry!
I don't have to type I can just speak and tweet lol
Donna Joe Tanner, bless her heart.
thanks girl (:
LIKE us on Facebook. Get the word out about BCBA exam prep. The May exam is coming up. Classes start at the end of March. Space is limited!
Radio at work is nonstop mariachi. Oh hell.
yeah and you can't. I have to take a stupid class, and the next one isn't til JULY!!! What am I supposed to do til then!?
LOL my credit card had a block on it for fraud protection. Even they can't believe I'm going to Maui in a day!
I'm just gonna play all for my sets from now on. Shit is fire.
Happy Mothers Day to the good, bad and ugly!
<----this is what it's all about right here. My sidekick. So proud to be his momma....the greatest gift ever, my Nevan.
Falling asleep to the sound of this rain is glorious.
2 hours of sponsored talks is a bit too much. Calling them lightning talks didn't help :)
Any pics of the tee?
The girl who plays the older Nala in #lionking retweeted me
i miss how to make it in america
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Ethan Linhart °Rising 8th °Charleston, SC °Travel Team: Low Country Elite °Point Guard 5’1
So I get ta work at 9am n on da door it says 10am n I'm here n shit but my manager said Aww gone pay me anyways :)
Ew, I think you just got slut on me.....
I Have no complaints #lovelife “: Thanks for the follow! Love NYC - must be great fun selling #realestate there!”
that looks delish!!
Odale good to see you on here tambein.Nice working with you.Los vemos.
HEYY :) FOLLOW ME
. Help us make the Virginia State Senate a Republican one. Vote for the #VAGOP this
#relationship questions and #dating tips are read and replied to wholeheartedly.
I only allow 2 people from school follow me cause they love me even though I'm a freak :))
but why do all the Harry potter fans have to hate on twilight?
Hope still on: Olympians do well on
Ok must go to bed now... #CoreFusion #Yoga comes awfully early....see you there , who else??
Thank you so much for all the love!
": the package is in the front on,the table by the door...lol" Thanks, I found it. ima def enjoy tha package.
Ivanka Trump, is the only reason watch the Celebrity Apprentice. Oh yeah, then there's crazy ass NeNe, her too...
enjoyed being an honorary ECS Mid-Atlantic team member + exciting and moving keynote this afternoon. Thank you!
thanks for the follow.
Beirut is killing it
thank you too! We had fun! Do you have a link you can share w us?!
Anyone who has ever parented a child knows it is "work." Amusing that others who have said same thing are now outraged by Rosen's comment.
yeah...please join me.
Call radio stations today and request, "Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism" by Amy Ames or watch the video on You Tube
Tomorrow is that last day of filming for #Rising. Can't wait! -JO
this is true
Thank you! I love it. He's a science poet.
Prove the HATERS wrong and ball your heart out in the tournament!!
9 Days until the launch of #StuPidasso #StLouis own animated series.
#packers are the best team in the world #superbowl sunday
Cyprus Google Adwords® Certified Partner JPP Marketing Attends Google Travel Forum
Thank you! I am reading your blog now- great posts!!
who tryna kick it w.me n my sis for a week in L.A
Had to listen to Francesa today. He was giving clues.
#JustRememberThat this heart you broke and played with will no longer be this same! it wil become strong and happy!
i know right!!! :D
#TheVoiceUK was good at the audition stages, but now its just boring :/
in good company there. Thanks !
Time to be serious. No more games. ALL BUSINESS!
I really need new texting buddies
I didn't even go to sleep..got back to da hotel at lik 8am lol... it was team no sleep
trade markes snack tables.
never texts me back anymore
This is the worst time to have a cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Price differentials *do* get complicated. Long-term customers vs. short-term. Candidates get the lowest rate by law. PACs...
Follow she's my best friend !
You really do have an amazing life ahead of you! Remember that next time you're tempted to look back..,
Whittier show this Friday!
So tired :(
I'm not sure? I miss photo in the dark room :'(
Hold onto prayer, because if you lose that.. you lose everything else.
lol yeah. and i agree! i'm sure she'll be fine :)
Retweet this to help us get to 300 followers!
I was so upset! i wasn't even using it! ughh but at least i got it back!
Work at 9 till 5 , let's see how this day goes!
Before anyone asks: No relation.
if we ever make it to denver, we will stop by and check you out.
This nigga is not funny and This girl got a smart ass mouth
getting on a train in the morning on thursday the 14th of june!
The monthly Houston Press Concert Series featuring continues THIS WEDNESDAY! More info:...
theey gon love me for my ambition
will be announcing winners of our Platypus Prize for Innovative College Writing very soon. Stay tuned!
you're so nice! I would have just said, "You snooze, you lose, SUCKA!" Tee Hee! I'm actually really nice. ;)
im feeling much better today. No pain. Glad the tooth is out!
What you think means more than anything else in your life.
#petpeeve annoying girl at the movie who won't stop talking about Brad Pitt and hot baseball players.
Yeah, but that's SO in right now.
magical powers bro.
is it that easy?!
Wrap it up Wrap it Up Boy , while I take this robe off !
You never fucking run on Franquer
Next paper is on a field study on annotations
This is just getting worse && worse..
I love that attitude! Your story is one that should empower and motivate others, thank you for the reminder!
Where is a true friend when u need them
Hey Miami fans...did yall know You All goy the Best NonClutch Superstar
Sometimes I want to just show up at your house, say hi, and tell you I miss you.
Yes. Include me :-)
Some of this stuff is pretty catchy! Riley is going to think Coach Kaleigh is so lame, haha.
Eating Kashi cereal is a form of punishment in some locales.
Tap into your adventurous side & go white water rafting!
#ThatOnePersonWho Always ruins the mood. (Follow Me!!!)
Nice! My first was on Quake 2. I had 4 great consecutive shots with the railgun, called a hacker, and kicked :/
I wish #oomf would text me. );
#livegive well what do you use!?
FIRE Flame
at KQED. about to drop some knowledge. or perhaps not. I'll keep you posted.
I played kickball today. Seems so much realer written out.
Am an old "audio guy" in terms of production skills and live recording. Going to work on single camera stuff first.
It's something about looking at beautiful things that I can't get enough of...
Working on my daughters scrapbook. They're so time consuming!!
Just had a call back with a girl that waved her hands in front of my face the entire improv. All I could do was take it. She's lucky, sayin!
Let's go lakers!!!
stupid people are funny, sad, but funny
Concerned parents can expose bad teachers and administrators.
Up to get the kids and wife off to school. Finding it hard to get in the shower while the game is on.
u r so fun
Big ups to Jesus!
“: Good luck to in their own version of takeingon Cornell in a Frozen 4 #LetsGoTerriers”
I sorta <3 you!!! Thanks for the smile!
I'm not sure Independence counts, but it might be worth it for a craving
It was a bad 1st week for my FFT's but we will bounce back next week...The day is nice in the Detroit. Pray for my mum's..kidney removal..
?? Confused to how you got out the kitchen 0.o
Hmm...good question. Gorgonzola Stuffed Dates, Purple Chopped Salad and Maine Lobster Baked Mac and Cheese are very popular.
Then Going To The Mall.#MoneyBitch.#SaluteTheTroopsBitch.G.F.B. Damage Mode.It's Problems Bitch.
Hi Jan, Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
I love getting to work early!! This afternoon is all mine! :)
why not
I see "Scotch" staying away. Weak stomach, I don't want you taking care of me for two days, Ha!
hm....if only there was a barometer :)
Im so sick of being put down by my mom, who didnt ever go to college, and got knocked up by her fuckface ball driller dude. Whose the f ...
#erl12 Steven Sowell talking about ER Management @ Oregon State University
wear their uniforms backwards, during warm ups!
tonight catch my mixes airing on and
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
SPRING into Summer with fab Jewelry!
Don't forget we'll have music tomorrow and every Thursday evening! Come check out Heck Yeah!
Tim TIMMYboy refered me to you about possible gigs available with my company....Would you be interested??
happy day of birth !
I saw on that the Paramount Theater in Asbury Park is haunted, now I want to go to !
Overdid the chipotle in my strawberry chipotle barbecue sauce. Ribs for dinner. Tears for dessert.
both came out before I was born :) I've never seen cornbread tho
Happy Birthday to celebrating her big 3-0 on the island of Aruba!
Centennial High School Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5pm
Presenting at the 20th Annual SDMA's tonight at Humphreys By the Bay. Good Luck to all San Diego Musicians!!!!
no But I know her..she real cool
made my day :) have a wonderful Easter with your amazing family!
Very good point, Lisa! Mktrs go crazy over them bc they're 1 of the next cool things but consumer education is highly lacking.
university of central florida or institute of design and technology........ hm
Going to hear Rainn Wilson speak. I heart Dwight Schrute.
Never thought I cud have a gud tome at the damn laundry mat.. I got my bear.. Watchn soap operas unfortunately but hey Theres women presen
Let's go KU!
hm, this is true! Haha
any plans for this eve? Heard about a pasta bake rave at ours, small 'get-together' with Juan's mates?! And drinks at the knife?!
Food > People.
Perfect! Name the time and I'll be there.
one day you will have earned enough #streetcred to bask in my presence
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get some1 to pay you for doing it. Your time not theirs!!
haha yeah i saw his, tho yours are MUCH better!
To U too!
Uh oh! You gotta rethink your game plan! lol
thank ya :) ...How ya doin, biznatch??
Food. We will deduct it after the order is placed.
Anything really. I've worked in offices, retail, restaurants, education.
that's pretty funny but come on its not that bad is it?
<3 Want More Followers! ??#TeamFollowBack Get an instant follow back SIMPLE:&:EASY Follow-->>
Welcome to 2012! What is your New Year Classroom Resolution?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may nott regret divorce but they don't regret the process of divorce.
"Stop criticizing yourself" -Amelia Garrish #Thanks Mom
I hear ya!
miss you too big bro, how's your break?
Yeah, baby. A/B test that shit. I'm going to get a donut.
Thanks so much again for the reliable updates on the meeting.
Uncle Denis is gonna shave his head and replace you ;) Let's get it trending!!!
First up keynote speaker
I love your smile . c;
@ @ @ I want to give him a few more days ty for always looking out 4 me...it has been a week
I was waiting to see some Doolittle on here....I hope you're loving Miss Adele as much as me! Amazing talent.
Y-Me cancer run with my mom!
Run him off a cliff break his legs then run down shoot him We are still somewhat backwards but still have guns and proud of it!
Awesome combo
"pet leavings" how poetic!
The Perfect Pitch: Reluctant Reader Meets Familiar Title Comparisons, e.g. It's the Simpsons Meet Harry Potter
We <3 the future! Especially the hoverboards. PRT Every time I use it feels like a preview of the future.
We just tried in the office and were duly impressed. said "almost *too* easy...".
haha as u call her in videos bitch tits
"Reflection Level 3 allows us to create solutions." Dr. Chris Renda at ISPI-FRC tonight.
...with no regard for human life..
Ugggg off of spring break back to school:(
Thanks to everyone that came out last night. It's always so amazing to see all your shining face along with new ones too <3
love you guys
We love them, btw!
Best idea ever is a like 50% off ! Then get as the spokesperson and you guessed it #Winning #Deal$
wah have a headache and want a nap but have a midterm, paper, and meeting.
Repubs are down in the polls b/c their tax favoritism has been exposed. How else could the Prez be doing so well with this economy?
What's cool about the Black Panther animation is how they mimicked John Romita Jr's signature art style & character design.
Congratulations Lady Bears! Luv watching you play:)
has anyone ever seen an Elderly Dike ?
Nokia files patent lawsuits against HTC, RIM
Go organic its the way to stay healthy, love this:-)
Thanks for the follows new friends!
get ready the holiday gala is right around the corner!
sing to me man!!!
Oh my. I don't feel good.
Oh that was sent to YOU?? Clearly I missed that one. And wow, I said the same thing, too. No one's impressed d-bag, lol.
q paso amigo?
Loved the casita at the Pasadena Showhouse!! Wonderful!!
That was in Niles, right? Man do I miss Ohio. Are you in college now?
pick me!
that's true wait until you see my pictures I draw
THANKS for the SCHMAP!
I need 9 more followers to get to 2000. I will give free tickets to a show for whoever the 2000 follower is whoever brought them here!
Congrats to your mom for even being on gmail... still working on mine from a generic account.
First day of class....10-15 page paper by March....YEA!!!!!!!!!
Starting Monday as a designer at Gannett's Louisville Design Studio. Onward and eastward!
Happy Friday!!!! What an awsome weekend! Heidi and Wix have a gr8 one.
Oh boy who steph tryna beat up??
Working on presentation for the conference this week. It is always strange to go back & read your work
RT : Very important news: it's Friday. Dress for the occasion.
Thanks for the love, Shayna! xoxo
so cool can't wait
day three of this headache... #MS any advice people
I could have gone to Cannes. But I have important Dancing with the Stars business to see through next week's bitter end.
how can I find you on facebook?
Woohooooo! RT As soon as I finish my morning workout I need to find a gown for
Great vacation in South Florida, but nice to be home in #ROC (and back on radio today). Overall high marks for
but, IMHO, we need plain text to understand or interpret the rich humanist mark up and the complex analytical analysis 2/2
Thank you both for sharing my report; hope you found it useful!
Good work tonight boys! #PacersPlayoffs <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Man WHAT! RT : Damn it's cold out here!!!!!
Learn something new every day! Go to AACTE.com to see what's waiting in our future!
perhaps the coolest mistake i've ever made: played the Radiohead "Reckoner" 45 at 33 RPM. it honestly sounds incredible.
I'm still playing Angry Birds, but it seems like their are tons of new apps. What are your favorite apps?
I kno I'm not the only street nicca that seen Future videos and be like wtf, I'm not saying he lying but I can't see dude selling anythi ...
Lmfao RT : And Eight-balls. RT Josh Hamilton was put on this planet to do one thing: Crush. Baseballs.
I'm going for love that man.
now thts wat im talk'n bout!
but didn't Jesus fulfill that law?
uglier!! We can't run the ball yet again. Looks like another long year.
Dig the new toolbar in Firefox...very nice...SERP overlay, link highlights updates and all.
Don't forget to check into SECO 2012! SECO will be giving away prizes throughout the show to attending Facebook fans!
well that's sick, do you gotta keep it on for a while?
09 Cabernet with chicken lettuce wraps for
I got a thing for a hardworking cuban from miami...its all about the 305! RT RT RT <U+2665>
now i can lien to all i want hahahahaha!
oh I do need to talk to you
Very happy with Andy's start, even if the score is not in our favor.
Hahahaha funny. But I think u got it twisted. Cuz umm the last time I checked I was hotter than u!(; ur just saying all this (c)
yuup! Ha oh did you tell sbk about the board?
With a attitude like that. your never EVER gonna work for a major promotion, be glad you even got a shot in TNA. LOLROH LOLTJP
Deal! I'll be sure to ping you.
Congratulations! Those awards would look super-cool on slowly rotating bases....
why did my dad had to be so tall and skinny!?! >.<
Would your iPad 3 sleep out on the street all night waiting for you? I don't think so.
I'd probably be free after church, around noon. No pressure, but if it worked out - it would be fun to meet! You can let me know :-)
Great win by
yeah, maybe open up a saw mill. A lot of opportunity there!
Word out of D.C. is that there will be a 2nd hearing in the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade on Friday November 18th
Tired of downtown. Having a 75 cent Pabst then going bowling. Anyone wanna join?
do we need a special pass to her into Big Bills keynote?
I rather be a kat dat keeps 2 hisself then a kat wit a room full of fakes
Anyone else notice the flames coming out of Vermes' nostrils.
How is 2pm tomorrow? Let me know which number I should use to call you.
We don't think $1M is even close to enough, but every little bit helps and as the success of this page grows so will the total donations...
Follow for complete Super Bowl coverage!
Stick money in ya ass and Shit Pennies
Scheduling new lawyer career coaching clients.
awesome picture!
Why is the greatest DJ ever??? Because he played the guile theme dying garter toss.
ride it slowly, ride just how you like!
Love when "L" from #manbag tells me to Look out on the TV for him when he will be appearing on the court show judge joe brown
Come visit me at #ARMA's 2011 Conference!
Visit Max & Ruffy's this Sat the 12th from 12-4pm at Aveda in the Pentagon City mall in Arlington,VA!!
Your Boy E-Scharpf here - Glad you got to London Safe - when will you be back Stateside?
did just refer to you as "some researcher?" Surely she wasn't talking about me!
this makes me sad. Not the Joel part, but I am not partaking of a 'real thing' right now.
I'd love to see OT in the game.
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.” Elbert Hubbard
when you smile i melt inside!
What we could be > what we are.
I wish today was SENIOR DITCH DAY
Twitter says we're "similar" ... I'm honoured. :)
Just wondering if there was a reason. Sounds like they probably taste pretty good. Flour would be for texture and shaping.
did you hear me?
I'm sure. If it makes money, it'll be for sale. °o°
No but, but I've said "Get rid of the Car Fox"
Padvertisement will partner with Verizon and the M2M (machine to machine) secure 4G network.
": JUST ROOTED AROUND OVERHEAD BIN FOR LAPTOP #livetweetingasianguynexttomeonAAflight19fromJFKtoLAX" is he a Mac or Toshiba?
You know it homie....
Vanessa, what are you hearing on storage array flash memory security?
Rabkin builds on the importance of including students' opinions about teaching in studies - v impt for policymakers
oh god me too
ew, you bit him?:L
aw baby Soph!
lol ok I'm do that this Sunday. Have a Great weekend and mothers day with your fam.
you'd think Roberts would be embarrassed to call himself an ad man, but there must be something to his trickery
AH AW SUZZY I SORRY!!! I totally forgot :( forgive me? <3
- looking forward to ur talk. And yep, is sold out...we can't wait for 3/15!
Sustainability is not liberal or conservative, it's for the planet. Everyone is affected.
Well, we all know that typos are challnging.
Happy Birthday to !!
me too!
Be on the look out for #SkateBoardFresh on full rotation at the shop.
Mayweather won and thats final!(: it was all skill, so don't think that Cotto just went easy on him for him to win
If it pleases the court
Probably the 26% no one wants to see...
is good w/ TUES pm; was my idea to go later, since such a high % total are in MDT; later better for me, less conflict risk
On my way to Church!!
That would explain quite a bit about twitter. I might have to adjust my approach to tweeting.
missing my fans <3
Let's go #Chicago Bulls!!
Actually, he's returned to #Celtics lineup. And Pietrus with a big three.
New school better get ready to hear the wrath of me tomorrow.
Good news. Great guy. ": Scott Dikkers returns as The Onion's editor-in-chief. Invented The Onion's sense of humor," says CEO.
Twitter and facebook completely blocked in China along with internet video content. Latest est. over 105 million christians in China!!
Seriously just shoot me now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
You're a doll face
What are you getting your mom for #MothersDay?
Sweet dreams twitter folks.
#iplspring a feature can only be aesthetically functional if its appeal is NOT reputation-related
Injection of a drug into a subcutaneous site can be
Flopped mid set vs pair and a flush draw and he gets there on the river. 30k pot. Have 15k now.
Yarrow: You're standing up for what America essentially is - a place where everyone has equal opportunity.
do you wanna clean my apartment and do my homework for me, please and thank you
Can't wait for next week till I find out that I didn't get into the NY Marathon again!!!
Can I get a shout out bro? Thanks.
hell ya!
What motivated you today?
Overeem: After the Brock fight I was pretty banged up. Right ankle. Left thigh. Left rib. Left thumb.
And now California...
Did you DM me a link for gift cards, or was it a spammer
Tar Heel fans everywhere wishing you the best.
Mayne!! Spurs take the lead in the series 1-0.... Lessssggggggoo and have your game b playoff tix tomorrow morning
Should've made a stop in Las Vegas where I could have done all of the above, but without any hookers or blow. Sorry!
All these tweets from the past keep screwing with my mind and make me think I'm missing a game!
talking that game
Remember, we tease because we love! At least that's what people keep telling ME! LOL!
My mothers day wish is to have no plans today. Love it! Happy mothers day, all!
RT : 10 winners announced for 2012 Stephen Sondheim Inspirational Teacher Awards. Congratulations to them all....
First day of spring is a good day to start Pacers runs.
Cathy Norton: "In the world of Librarians, everybody is cooperative! That's what's made #bhlib what it is today!" #lifelit 2nd day!
you WISH you could get my penis...
Imma get ready for school
Kings are odd case of team being picked to make noise, then underwhelming to point of collapse, then kicking ass in playoffs
R.N.P
Hey, sorry for the delay. Titanic is not included with that coupon, but there might be deals avail at some point ;-)
Air Canada must scrap toxic culture to salvage ailing reputation: experts
my computer barely works without being plugged in. been thinking of upgrading, too!
Wenot only want to compete on a local scale but to thrive on a national andinternational level as well.
I dare you to go to McDolands and order everything on the menu then ask for a diet water with a stright face! =P
Getting Married!!!!!!
Goodnight all..z
designated driver?... designated to be a whole lot higher...
stay in tune with the sun, stars and moon, cause behind bars you're doomed if your mind can't consume
#TwoThingsIWant 1. To be with him all day everyday<3 2. To eat & not get fat D;
Ur my hero(: all ur song come from the heart an thats why i love u(: Im ur #1 fan(: i hope u get the chance to read this(:<3
eventually everyone will become a mature and sensible person
that would be so rad!!!!!!
Lunch break LOL fuck a cold sandwich I'm eating homemade boneless ribs n green beans real man food
Interesting! RT Disney Agrees To Buy Out India's UTV Software on.wsj.com/w25BLt (via )
The lettering is something called Silian Rail
My brother is moving back in :/
sometimes you just have to have it out with someone.
'Picnic' is one of my favorites! I can't wait!
I'm surprised im still awake..
Preparing myself mentally for the discussion of my shorts length
Are there any trucks that serve gluten free food? Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show! Thanks!
True, but the same can be said of Repubs trying to make birth control an issue. In 2012.
don't you get $2 for the bonus ball
well it's Miami lol
happy 18th anniversary to my mommy and daddy (:
That was a lie.
mirasol displays feature an integrated reading light for those times when you're not reading in bright sunlight!
Merry Christmas!
Laura will be in town, but I'm headed out on vacation. Need some food/activity recommendations for Downtown Cabo San Lucas area?????
thats right! RT awesomeness> Everyone who tweets positive things... and doesn't cause twitter beef are
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
i lovelovelove ME;)!!!
For all interested in the intern opportunity: you have to follow us so we can reply to your messages or email us at starcrestlounge at gmail
Another solid music weekend here at Fire, just doin’ what we do. Thanks to all who came out!
Fans! :) if u believe your favorite artist should perform at #Teenhoot, post their music link at, Please no spam.
NYC friends, we invite you to join us at the hack line on New Year's Eve day, 1 pm, to educate tourists about not taking a ride!
still need one!! Hopefully I'm not too late…
wagners term paper will be the death of me.
I hope you have a great day!
Without prompting a meme or Tumblr page, join us for our next few tweets as we explore our "Post-It Notes from Wednesday's Weed Binge" ...
Editing images, and updating the website on this snowy day
waste their life gossiping about yours.
Made a wish
Third period underway, trail 2-1
omg omg omg did we really finally just beat the rangers without an error IN Arlington?!?!?! Yay Oakland!!!
i know it! why is that? i think that is the main reason i never attempt any story writing, i can't get the POV right!
can't wait to see the new web series by and
RT I wish all these religious types would stop talking about sex all the time They have no experience on the subject<< LOL. Agreed!
People whose names are anagrams for descriptions of delicious cheeses include Reince Priebus
nah he got his ass beat by bobby an took him to court it's not worth that and i feel u my step mom is too ! Prayers to ur mom
Oh i saw it. At least they followed it up with a commercial featuring women in Bruins jerseys. Heals all wounds.
I treat the girls I like as if they were a queen until they screw me over like it was a one time thing
To that special lady in my life right now, you know who you are, Happy Mother's Day baby! Thanks for your patience ;)
Yikes, your stuff is good.
Once a mahomie, always a mahomie :)
great idea!!!
DC area folks, in addition to the panel next week, I will be moderating a discussion on black women and policy at ACS...
My excuse is that I'm young, && I'm only getting older. Somebody should've told you I'm one.
will do!
If you're a creative and have to work with non-creatives, we have an event for you. March 13th. Stay tuned for more details.
what is everyone's take on feeding your animal vegan dog food?
ive been doing homework for ever.
You GO Kelly!! Get your Prince! RT : you KNOW where i'll be lurking about in SD this weekend...
start w an irrefutable positive statement! :)
iPad leaps ahead of iPhone browser usage, Opera Mini collapses
Happy Hanukkah Everyone!
Dave I don't believe I've ever made fun of you. Not sure about that other guy you were talking about though.
thanks for bringing your friends by! Always a pleasure to see you :)
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
It's festival season! LAweb Fest, check!
Penn State situation is further proof that our children are in peril."Disenfranchised Dads" my new book speaks of ways to correct problem!
thanks for the RT :)
For real! Still got the last punches on both lol
#AllBad LOL RT : Deodorant is starting to give up on some folks
who/what's more animated Jim Cramer or a NHL fight?
The human race is governed by its imagination. -Napoleon Bonaparte
looking forward to seeing you at Cougar Legends
Hardstyle is definitely the 16 year-old pale cousin who where's baggy pants and has already been to jail 3x, in the EDM world.
You'll be fine I just discovered that Chick N Ruth's Man v. Food challenge set me back 7093 calories, yikes!
NC anytime soon?
love it. They are quite the beautiful people :)
This week had been an odd one. First Year service day tomorrow.
Holiday Libations: Forget Coco Lopez: coconut sorbet, silver rum, pineapple and fresh lime juice, shake and serve.
i cant get "Glad You Came" out of my head! thanks guys! its amazing. im in love with yu guys and i miss you so much </3
"You must have a quality product." -Janet Gurtwitch
im love-o-sick
so you a Myron too!
I had the best night ever with you! We should do that again sometime(: can't wait to see you tomorrow!(: #yourethebest<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Just in: Rep Michele Bachmann (R-MN) has contacted the Swiss Consulate to withdraw her dual Swiss citizenship.
Just finished listening to Mark Weinstein's "Jazz Brazil". His alto flute on Wayne Shorter's "Nefertiti" is delightful.
Everything is a challenge, there's no such thing as a problem.
Wig & Mitre Lincoln - spot on as always
Kudos to Justin for a fantasic night for the Wine and Food Truck Pairing Dinner!
best of luck for your 5 hours marathon.
Like basketball camp pull up stop and shoot
Medical Park Hospital needs: Allowing those complaints to be aired gives Spencer more information upon which to act to heal professio...
Spring break has turned out to be pretty damn sweet!!
I'm literally having my mind blown again shit!
shut up lol
awesome perspective RT : Conflict cannot survive without your participation. Wayne Dyer
*removed post* :P HURRY HURRY Im so hype to talk to someone as nice as you :-)
hey hey!
ah thanks! I wanted to grow it out so I dyed it, but I decided I wanna cut it short & go half & half again, hopefully soon
thanks for all your support.
follow back
I guess there's some kind of primitive swagger in inane pronouncements like that.
*hugs back* I am doing good. Thanks for asking. Hope TCR is still going good! :)
A morning given over to coffee and Derrida is just not a terrible way to start the week.
What about re-purposing objects in your house for creative serving? Like drinks served on a
Good morning saints
good bout to have sex make sum morw kids anniversary cumin
just rolled out the bed. heading to the gym. is there a team shirt less? if so i will be joining that team soon :-) Ayyeee lol
Joe, sorry, I totally missed your tweet. I was in town for the Phish shows and didn't really have much free time. I'll be back!
#read #do #PraiseGod Psalm 145:2 Every day I will bless You, And I will praise Your name forever and ever.
twitter won't let me direct message you back, but here is my user name:
thanks for sharing Juan! Happy New Year!
The awkward moment when Willow Smith can't whip her hair because she shaved it all off and dyed it pink.
first you have to follow me though i think...
www.linux.fm is a online broadcast channel, which repeats broadcasting the kernel of linux.........
true that....#pressrewind it is right?
ILL SNEAK INTO HIS HOUSE AND STEAL HIS THINGS FOR U HAHAHA but hes in la ~~~
We dont have a set date yet but we'll keep you posted! :)
RT : Ready to watch the Knighthawks SOAR past the Philly Wings tonight
If you are looking to participate in the plan, NOW is the time. Rumors have been swirling regarding the Payroll Tax extension this week!
how you been dude?!
Isn't it exciting! I just want to be traveling again!
Worry is the darkroom in which 'negatives' are developed
“: I<U+2764>getting texts from crusty ass guys at this hour though” hahahahahaha
I'm alright! :) How's your christmas?
man it was bad for the kid.
Calgon, Take Me Away!
well it's laundry day. so guess i'm wearing just this hoodie to bed
I thought I took my Violin home... I should have. fuck.
i actually bought a ticket. Orlando says I may have beginner's luck since I've never played the #Lotto before!
butthole. for real.
The line at Gibbs is retarded. This is a joke
Head over to the Wynn to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Wish I was in ATX": GOOD MORNING~We're open and serving up the best bfast in town.....and you gotta try our homemade biscuits!"
bumpin shady 45; 2 pac, if I die tonight, I love it, yo boy H.
Hello, Randle; I sent an email you may be interested in, concerning an open role I would like to cast you for. :)
Good morning friends! You still have some time to pick up your favorite McD's breakfast item...!!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. They're frying eggs on the sidewalk.
Sean from Grime Time is in the studios now! Check to see what he has going on in just a few!
What's the point of waiting, if you've got nothing to lose.
thank you very much this is pretty awesome
New Video: - All Do it (Live) Another Banger foe sho!
Mind you, a rubric is not a "goal." I'm just trying to get the nuances of each term clear in my mind.
Bermudez leads off the 6th with a single.
practice makes perfect
OK, I meant "liberal media".
I love planning things with my best friend. (:
RT : Beyond inspired today in yoga by an 80 year old woman who swears by yoga! Love her
Having to take down a million things from my car #annoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hi bonnieblaze Gm
i am at the game today representing Baseline Bums
Great can't wait to hear about it!
Yup. I loved building/mashing/adapting things in his class.
Grades submitted. "Visiting Lecturer"-ship fulfilled without lecturing. Hours lost to that demon spawn, Blackboard, forsaken.
Thank you harvest volunteers and more! We are very excited about the #2011vintage and all its potential. Stay tuned for updates!
Im in class now.
“: Now to carry this equipment? Lmao ”light work......
Who, except for everyone who watches ncaa ball, would have thought lawson would turn out better than j. flynn? #nba #twolves #nuggets #kahn!
Another reason Fan Cave is AWFUL. RT : If this gets 400 ReTweets, we'll give away a signed baseball.
Chris Jones busting out the m berry on check it out yourself at !!!
Today we set up a meeting for next week with a television station. And watched lots of videos of Russian KHL hockey fights via
hello corbin :D
Great app for I phone 3pt academy
you mean like how my tight hole would pull itself to the weight of your beefy cock? Yeah, gravity rocks. Lol
You mean STUDENT DYING -__-
Barn Dance tonight! If you're not going then you should probably second guess yourself. See you tonight potentials!
Me, either. I told Russ the very thing yesterday. Bums me out, but it's run its course. Unless TJS turns into the Liz Lemon Show...
But it all comes down to the challenge: I worked hard for my degrees & to improve my curatorial skills. Balancing old & new schools
on what
yes my bouts of despair are short lived thanks to rubrics
Like a bird in a cage I broke in and demanded that somebody free it
yup an not really same shit different day ya kno
the physicality encourages early interactions and makes commitments quickly visible. Also, can be done over coffee.
great news, such a deep film, can't wait to get it.
"imh, i wanna see him!" *one hr later, get his txt* "i wanna see you!" amazing! <3(:
I love you, your so talented and beautiful. Keep it up!!! Love you!!
#wtt is dope... straight artistic freedom!
haha yeah blah prob wont happen
Still laughing at “hearts hooking up with writers.” Sounds scandalous! (Or romantic.) I’ll go with both!
After watching the newest trailer for Prometheus, I REALLY want to see it now.
when people say they are going to do things and they don't.<<<<<
my dad is walking around my house singing "Boyfriend". Thats how you know its a good song :)
wut time we gotta be there its gonna be packed lol
What I <3 abt my dig lib class' work? Site looks gr8 AND under it is adherence 2 standards, complete pres plan & oodles of QC.
Sorry i said to her that im so sorry :(
Caught the HUNGER GAMES today. What a terrific film. The ending sure hints strongly of a sequel. So does the $$$ made.
thanks! How have you been?
Dezign this wicked Toga 4 a client she needs it Sat!dang no rest 4Gods ppl-bring all the clothing work-Jenell Wade whats going on here.bles
Rip homeless man at mcdonalds
Please come to the states... Pretty please!.. <3 bri
We must meditate on what God has done in our life instead of what we are still waiting on Him to do.
Vote for me!
Seriously I'm pissed off this is the last straw
Girl! Alexa Mary Fillmore.
We'll see if we got what it takes to be fashion crafty in the city of Chicago with our application for The 6th Annual Chicago Sidewalk Sale!
Thank you for all of your #FF's during my absence!
That team was also better at RF with but other than that and Reid we were just as good or better
Manufacturer Liquidation- Kyocera Full Color Copier, Printer, Scanner & Fax 65% off retail. Only 3 left, call 303-407-3217 for details
#cxo Without "wow" you're simply lost in the noise
Click the then click follow.
Registered for Games for Change (and found a hotel w/private bunkbeds for half the price of the cheapest conference hotel).
I yearn for a return to the time when talking on the phone was not a piece of public performance art.
How about RT : Shut up, foodie.
Remember, God can make miracles out of mistakes. "But you offer forgiveness, that we might learn to fear you." Psalm 130:4
CUP: Walmart On Jeff Gordon's Car?
Neither can I. xD Everything is recorded in the back of my school's notebook! :P
OMG I MET THEM <3
I cracked my #Iphone4 this weekend. I did the infamous, drops from your lap, when u get out of the car trick! Er
If the Ravens win today Flacco would be the 1st QB to win 50 games in his 1st four NFL seasons.
Why the F would you ask me for my cousins number when you HAVE a boyfriend. Stop trying to hit up other guys. Just Sayin.
Sometimes, words are better off left unsaid because saying them would make things worse.
Our apologies for new users trying to register/login on Skillcenter. Of course technical complications sprouted on launch day.
I think something's seriously wrong with me... It's so hard to breathe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
where are you?
feel free to DM at any time Biebs..
I love when my boyfriend cooks for me.
Where did you get your black trench? Love it!
Hahah so so so bad...what another reality
I am not a huge fan of Bruno Mars, but I think he sings his grenade song better than this grandma at karaoke night
#shiningMoment Get to sit next to and had some conv. Would love to know about the Cub scout if he doesnt mind
Hear no evil, speak no evil - and you'll never be invited to a party.
or just hang out with me and I'll pay you $5. Thats enough for you to buy me a cob of elote!
when is The Way available on DVD?
That time of year: we announced our 12/13 season today () as did and plus a new work at
Detox and Cleanses - In one my recent articles The Pathway to Perfect Health, I stated, The environment that our bodies are exposed to...
Anybody know where I can get well-designed battens for my hatches?
Dear God this #WalMart smells like ass and tires.
My messages aren't delivering !!! Just tell me ?!?!
Give dad a big hug. xox
think tebow scores a td with 4 qb sneaks to make it 21 to 10? Orton costs us both wins now, season over if qb doesn't change
The single most powerful weapon to destroy the enemy of joblessness is confidence.
Accountability much? Comptroller office to "We are not the Sun's research arm" when he asked to see city contracts!
‘Risk’ for Facebook Pits Cats Against Zombies Against Robots [REVIEW]
needs then his website could handle the traffic!
yes and no on the $20. But it's abt 2 storm.
touche (I think)
I just hit my quota of Skittles for today... maybe for the week.
Sleep, where art thou?
Yeah we're having a lot of fun being on tour with rookie of the year and school boy humor!
Yup life's a bitch but it's the only love I know
i do NOT think im perfect never said i did, but sweetie NEITHER are you. but unlike you i have the guts to say im not
4. Reminders - remind users of important dates, appointments or forms that need to be filled out.
On set filming music video with
yeah, that's right.
presenting 's award. Says he had to come once he read this story.
yeah let me text you I dunno how long this is gonna take
wow man. you just made this a "Kramer rant." not cool.
“Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken.” ~Frank Herbert
LOL it is I've actually been in it and it looks like a bar from Scarface LOL
fyi, check out the newest Colliers app available in the iStore. It is free and just released - doesnt answer question however.
I'm suffering iPad withdrawal syndrome. Please apple, make sure there are enough iPads to go around next week!!!!
This week ive been loving
So I got my "Mentor" note for High School... Its just a program that has Juniors help the new students with thier first year of High School.
Can you stand the rain
can't remember the names of either right now! both had great views - one was near castle
Greatest part about being stuck on hold with the bank: listening to Kenny G playing Down On Bended Knee. KG and Boyz 2 Men, together at last
I'm jumping in... Making the argument of observing hetero parents give pro-family arguments credence.
Lost 9 pounds in two weeks!
Although victims of bullying increases teen depression, a new study found girls have additional risk for substance abuse
Lol omg what if it was AUSTIN
You're a tough cookie Miki... Just dust your shoulders off and carry on with your weekend!
Big show tonight! Elemental Groove Theory from Athens, OH w/s/g Midwest Hype from Chicago! 2 funky rock bands with horn sections! $5, 930pm
Friday the 13th? I hope you're not superstitious...
Just picked up a bunch of liter while waiting for the train.
We want to enhance our list of summer literacy activities! What kinds of programs do you offer , ?
also, getting #yapped pretty hard today
Adjust the amount you feed your pet by watching him carefully.
Dont be suprised if andrew luck end up being ryan leaf 2.0
wildlife... dream on...
so that means we're making our way to #SXSW?
Considering the tourists will have to walk past a Gehry building to get to The Chihuly site is funny. That building is alive.
My mommy birthday Saturday ^.^
I do lol(:
now following
well go back ! lol
won't we be at birthday dinner? Bc we have to celebrate with our friend!
It's ok. Soon, just as I did with Kansas, you'll learn what to expect from Roy Williams.
Ready for #arewethereyet let's just leave now
I predict will be flooding Lady Gaga's #BornThisWay #hashtag today.
This movie they planning <<
huh what? like how?
Well let's rejoice in Episdoes IV-VI...and particularly V. Let episodes I-I remain anathemas.
My mom doesn't tweet, that's why I called her on Skype & wished her a happy day :)
I think I'm okay, thank you so much though! They have to put them both under to stitch them up. :(
Heading out hwy 26 for coast looking for adventure!
C'MON SON. Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love yeah. But hate only goes so far, we can't take it anymore.
It is the differences between us that we most have in common with each other!
DC PD on Segways, a new low. And in SW?
What do you call a sports pub that loses signal & balloons block TV? FAIL. Missed second #Capitals goal but settled in new bar. Go #Caps!!
Hope you at least had some beer with your pizza!
What's up girl? Are we gettin' AMTC Music results tomorrow or what???
Heat need to tighten up!
luv u so. Thanks, yeah that 25 was something, what happened there, stayed there remember Sherri, same b'day as me.
Excuse me?
yes it keeps saying forbidden when I try Nd add u ! Send to .
Just biebers song is awful, I honestly don't understand the hype about it
really tired of feeling like this
I am making plans to go to Lithuania for a film shoot in July. We are working on our next survivor/resucer reunion.
Thanks for the #FF. But, my fave Prem team is I just also root for the Spurs to make sure I follow a team that's good
Who's bringing the chips and the beer for tonights meeting?? <U+E022>
picking out my cloths for tomorrow lol and did u see my nerd pics on FB lol (I told ya I was a nerd!!)
Crazy is more like it! ;)
I'm so excited for Santa this year! I can't wait.
The & Champion Enterprises Unite
Off to the LA Zoo with my girl! Perfect day to hang out with some lions!
Great job presenters & is tweeting from they stage yet? ;)
can't wait to have you back man good luck in LA
RT : Praying protection over Nashville and any other cities being affected by these storms!!!
why do you have to say that about her though? She struggled with self-esteem issues.
My instinct is to say "I'm so sorry; that sucks!" but it seems you're not to broken up over it. ;) Enjoy the movie!
My bad. I missed "player" and thought you meant 4th best midfielder.
Oh Vegas. You never cease to amaze me.
oh yeah. I remember you.
Not good just drop my $25000 bike I am so upset
excellent Keira Knightly analogy
Watch out Seattle dj Cyn is on her way Woowhoo
Even in multimedia big leagues you get #CNBC and #Google staff saying "I'm not sure if we're live right now or not." #TechIsEvil Here we go!
Coffee whoa what a week so far
I still CANT BELIEVE IS THE SHY ONE.. Cause he doesnt seem like it in the tour episodes.
Good mornin to all. Time to get this money
like the goosebumps dance? ;)
yeah his is nice too.
Quintessential New York night. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764> I love this city
Happy mothers day (:
Just saw someone talking on their phone and driving...
My 3 year old is coloring #Easter eggs while singing Christmas songs!!
Happy Born Day to my fav Street League skater, Enjoy yourself Chaz.
The bucket List: Seabee's wish granted, courtesy of country music legend - DVIDS
Congratulations Anne! :o)
Done. Good luck.
Put in Novak! Wtf Woody!?
Jeez I need better taste in friends.....
I had a dream about the Jewel show I went to at the Tradewinds in 1994. WTF?I must want the 90's back badly.
My apologies to I didn’t know your Twitter account. He was the other half of gracious hosting this evening w/
time is a luxury for the unencumbered.
American Idol Chat with and on Good Day Colorado at 7:45. Poor Jermaine!
Nothing like waking up the next morning from an awesome show!! Thanks to everyone who came out the El Corazon lastnight!
Fast Food Express Social Media Stock Is Climbing. And the deliveries are expanding daily. Have you tried us yet?
phone is still busted! Should get a new one by tomorrow hopefully! Then I'll be back here
Going to bed now its been a long day goodnight: ) and goodnight Justin Bieber luv u <3
So what we'll need from you is a music, artsy natpkg on them for your 10 show. If you need a blueprint watch Amy Winter story
I don't always get mad, but when I do, in one way or another, I make sure to GET EVEN.
email me and we can chat about it. What brought up the topic in your head?
Ice cold ______? Right here Irish pub put it in your belly. $2 miller, $1 old mil n $3 tall cocktails. Go cubs....Just kidding go brew crew!
never to see any other way
hehehe. Yeah keep thinking that Insanebro~u didn't stand a fleeting chance ;D muahahahahahahahahahahahahahah I sunk ur ship!!!!!
Remember, just a comparison to each other. Look, and let me know what u think.
thank you! You Rock, Jaye! Looking forward to hanging and playing music with you, girl!
Quite night*spending time with my pets
Party mad wack
#LMSunSIG analytics wentworth trying to map degree of satisfaction to degree of training of faculty. Are all separate systems
they r
I love my penis inside a vagina.
Nice round today buddy! Hope you're having a blast.
really? Stupid Zombies??
Hehehe girls who look at me with b!tch looks in there faces >>>>>>> makes my day
DID YOU KNOW - 5-6% of criminals commit 60-80% of all crime. The 5-6%'ers used to be sent to prison. Not now thanks to our Legislature.
Sounded unintentional.. Prayers go out to Lady Vols
nicki knows who lola is..she was cool wit her when lola modeled till she found out lola started rappin she likes no competition
I just saw downtown fiction
The population has to be educated about the weaves of our nation's women obviously!
hope u feel better soon :)
Every person that you come in contact with could be your next best friend or biggest fan Be courageous, no conversation started with silence
What the hell are you doing in Naples?
haapy mothers day to you all
follow back!
This might be the first time in my life in which I have been left
That what I thought
I just hope #Markakis doesnt hit himself in the head with a bat out of frustration a la Brian Roberts.
Dictionary of marketing swearwords. 1: Linkbait
Today : author Mary Otis will be our guest worker from 3 - 7PM!
Thanks. I decided to play it safe and wear my Marine Corps Dress Blues.Pics forthcoming.
Our Grand Opening Special is now available! Come in for a Full Set of Lashes or purchase a Lash Fill Pkg & receive perks! Call for info.
Whether you are a member of a temple or not, I am wondering what are your plans for the High Holy Days?
Guise get me to 400 #leggoooo please :c
$5 admission. Discount with food donation
110%. like always x
1 class finished, 5 more to go. Can't believe I've made it this far.
RT if you love victoria justice
I'm thinking a big juke box made out of stained glass will look awesome!
I don't know why everybody makes a big deal about playing at Madison Square Garden , it's just another stadium who gives a shit. A>MSG
Don't leave me hanging, woman!
ready to wrap up a good week with a cold beer. If you need some computer help jump on the Twitter special - $25 off any repair PC or MAC.
the real rapper
RT It's amazing how many pedestrians confuse "Right of Way" with "Immortality."
what's al this about? all i see is bacon.
Just sent you an email! Thx for the help!
Being single doesn't mean your weak it just means your strong enough to wait for what you deserve
We need to find some time to sit down next week and talk. I would like to see if you could design a logo for my firm... :)
Absolutely. Glad to see they haven't lost their touch.
I'm glad you moved.
an hour to hour 1/2. 30 min of cardio and weight 3x a week
haven't tweeted in forever..
The 11th Deal of Christmas. SALE! $11 Cookies by the Pound. Use promo code 1LB11.
We are going to be promoting at the Never Shout Never show at HOB
is amazing and i cant believe some people think that they are bad directioner forever
"If you believe your life has no REASON, you would have no REASON to change it!—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26 ONLINE)
Bye bye birdies these streets are awesome...see you tomorrow night #bttr on biscayne and 127 street!
It is such a beautiful day! No work, perfect day to be outside and run errands. Then homework on my balcony I think!
I went down a few levels to communicate with you this morning but I unsubscribed and thankfully you are a memory now block that!!
I won the #Wheaties boxes at the #Packers pep rally in #Atlanta!!
Why not? Everyone's entitled to a mindless, super-fun movie every once in a while. As long as it's not ALL you see, you're fine.
Im freaking out right now!
Oh, I know what you mean!
Is SoTeenish Hacked??
What's up with these trends though...lol
what do you want me to say
Its a pretty day in the A...
Oh My Gosh!! I Just Saw The Trailer For The New Season Of "My Babysitter's A Vampire" !! I'm SO Excited!!! Ah!!!!
Just putting it out there... I follow whomever follows me ;) <3 That's how much I love getting new followers :D
Why are British accents so attractive? #Iregretnothing and
Achievement unlocked: Hackintosh rebuilt, now with OS X 10.7.3. A lot easier to install than Snow Leopard was...
follow my gurl :)
That awkward moment when your hair gets stuck on a stranger's button and he walks away.
Get it right. Real men don't ask for respect, they give it and get it. Only boys ask for respect without giving it.
Congratulations to on winning the #Masters! Knowing his social media prowess, we'll share in the victory!
don't get hurt. I'd actually enjoy playing softball with you again.
" roll another swisha up baby we gon smoke tanite "
Top Steal: Save 47 Percent on This Chic Mesh Sweater! All wardrobes need a staple crop sweater, and now you can buy a fierce one from Urb
Big City #Yankees today vs the Motor City #Tigers Let's go
read your Bible once in a while, sheesh
to help ourselves. We spend most of our money with other people, we entertain other people
hello friends if you need a smog check or test only just give us a shoutout and we will be glad to service your vehicle
Show today is in Franklin, NH - not Manchester, NH! Sorry :(
Counting calories is just not me. Healthy, yummy food as a lifestyle instead suits me!
Brady D+, J Russel D-, Favre B+, Quinn F, Warner A+, Palmer B+, M Ryan A-
I miss spring break.
Words of wine wisdom: "I made wine out of raisins so I wouldn't have to wait for it to age." ~ Steven Wright
#TeamMindless has the Best icons ever :)
What?! FEDEX!
Quite possibly the best lent idea I've ever heard... I'm so impressed I might do it too!
Scary: #RonArtest DID NOT FLINCH. Reflex would dictate some sort of response twd the person hurt. Then the nooka-WHAT- stance? NO! GET OUT!
Katie Couric to host online talk show on Yahoo
At a presentation on the news BMO Harris Pavilion stage at #summerfest Looks awesome!
It's unbelievable. What planet is he living on? Despair.
Ugh. I got hacked
I like what hoops is doing: no divisions in SEC, ACC, etc.. Just one big league..shouldn't affect scheduling
Happy Birthday
Free Ground Shipping on all Products for the next 60 minutes. Happy Monday :)
Love can only take u so far it has to b more!!
HUH!? I can't hear you its too loud!
Damn I gotta make time for everybody nd keep them happy
I love my new make up brushes! :)
Did I just catch you on with rocking swimwear? Nice job.
Believe me, I know my friend! We are barley making it.
no way u passed ur CLEP exam
going to check out puppies today :))
There are so many songs with "on the dance floor" in them it's ridiculous
The best music was back in the day. Motown style. Frank Sinatra. Huey Lewis. Then theres The Temptations. The Platters. Classic shit.
omg thats so young. :(
Patrick Stewart as Claudius in the BBC's Hamlet, looking old but feisty!
You like Ed?? I met him yesterday! (:
Thanks for the RT! ;-)
I hope so
Inagural Pioneer Bingo Club today, 2pm-4pm at The Beat Coffeehouse! Free! Fabulous Prizes! Daubers! BINGO!!!
I miss Bill Hall.
relationship? Job? Education Level? Age?
I was gonna ask when you're coming back
The Rumor(Trade Staal/Malkin/Crosby/Shero's cat/Disco's sweater) blogs..lol..
You don't seem happy?! I'd thought you'd be happy for me :(
Have you ever gotten your teeth shaved down? Oh my God, it tickles so bad.
The Museum will be closed on Friday 6th and Saturday 7th April 2012.
Xbox Live Weekly Update 2/7-2/13: All of these Deus Ex items are roughly half off. Continuing with the publisher...
I've been playing a ton of MOH2010 lately :p
nickis 30 and acts 12...I can't wait 4 lola monroes takes ova the game..she gonna revive female hip hop
Business Development Associate needed!!! Must have either 5 yrs hands on experience or Business Degree!!!! Please email resume to j_enterpr…
Well you don't need it:-)
Ok, officially lost again. What name scares T and what about Point A??? lol
#IfOnlyYouCould Spend everyday riding Personal Watercrafts
Been listening to some different music this weekend...The Lorax soundtrack, Tangled soundtrack, and as always, ...
Big day at Gemeinhardt!
Is one direction coming to Nashville on their 2013 tour?
Sweet Sixteen teams are currently battling to make the Elite Eight. What do everyone's brackets look like?
episode of abdc is about to be hype!!
“: "She's a little methy." -Mom” Hilarious.
Back home for a little bit before heading back to the pool for finals.
Crazy how American citizens can literally sit in their homes not working and collect twice as much as people elsewhere who work 12 hours/day
Spotted tons of great products + met lots of nice vendors the last two days. Excited to write up articles & posts!
Cardinals are having an amazing game. Great Game 3. #worldseries Bottom of 8th (15-7).
DID YOU JUST SEE LADY GAGA JUST FALL
Time is just as easy to find as it is to loose
having hope can make something good come out of something bad
Perplexed that has five Wes Anderson films and only four Robert Altman films.
Go to sleep! :)
many thanks for your videos, really enjoying them. and, btw, that green top is a great color on you!
Glad you're liking 24x7 so much, John!
Do you think when #Romney uses Carter's name in a derogatory fashion he realizes Jimmy Carter is 10x the man Mitt Romney will ever be?
respect for one another is the key , and how are men supposed to respect a women who don't respect herself?
On the bright side at least I get to go to half cap =/
Yonny Guaneme () shared a Tweet with you: "Yonnyg: “Your income is directly related to your philosophy, NOT the economy.” Jim Rohn"
Jacob rocks, much better performer and singer than any of the remaining contestants
Free freaky Friday are going on Now free till 5am 163rd dixie 773 6406742 call for free tickets
hopefully it thunders and lightnings long enough to have tomorrow morning's practice canceled.. doubt it
Senate voted 2 repeal legislation that would have taken effect 1/1/12 & required all businesses to report payments for goods/services $600+
come on #Bearcats! this is nothing we haven't been through
And yet the speaker can't go out on a limb and clap for it.
in the "queue" at the DMV
getting ready to hit the town!~!!!
via 6 Gen Y rules for older workers: 99dfXFs78Kgarb
Best to you as well!
Let's get some jobs today. #objective:toblowtheirminds
No worries. And you're right.
I am now!
Spent two hours today with Riley, my SPCA project dog. Know someone who wants to adopt 80+ lbs. of awesome bulldog, with sep anxiety? Tweet!
Whoa! FB algorithm fail: 90% of my newsfeed this morning was from The Guardian.
I love my girl. She da best
as long as we stand with the bastard republican conservatives ruining this nation we are going to be called that
Welcome 2 the good life RT : My adventures north are comin to an end. Officially moving to Dallas, what's up ! Texas Forever
i just got fucked over by the IRS does that count?
Getting pissed that, even with the correct wattage, this house burns through $$$ CFL bulbs in 2-3 months. Any suggestions for fixes?
Woah, are you saying NBA players are less biased, uninformed than sports writers, past winners, etc. #
there's that smile -- we dont see that too often
Why do I want to scan Kenyon Martin's bar code tattoo?
Citigroup Inc.'s banking subsidiary has unloaded more than $1.4 billion in commercial mortgages.
We're attending WordCamp Philly today #wcphilly !
lol thank u
Pacers backups > Pistons starters. Thats fun.
Hope theres no school tomorrow(:
I would love if my classes were cancelled tomorrow...
OMG I'm tired but this my first day at work so I gotta suck it up. Have a great day yal.
This is my perfect: reading a book with my kitty and a glass of wine while I listen to the rain outside.
Buy a Mac , get $100 to spend on the Mac App Store - Our prices are lower than Apple Education!
We're preparing for March's "National Adopt Rescued Guinea Pigs Month" are you? Let us know if we can help!
Follow me hottness:)
Fuck you too, Chase Bank.
oh dangit now I know they broke up ! Didn't even watch the episode yet lmao (x
getting up early to pass out these kitty flyers
Hey everyone
Good Saturday morning! Who's up?? Making plans today?
A: Big corporations buy them at whorehouses and donate them to the public.
That was really sweet.
HIS LIPS ARE LIKE THE SWEET I'LL NEVER TASTE.
wow she txted me first
only 29 days to Free Cone Day 2011!
RT : Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit*
Impressive gymnastics going on right now on ESPNU. Go girls go! Anyway I am also a sucker for ice dancing.
no doubt...i'll get an artist spotlight up in the near future and let you know when it's up! thanks for tweetin' back
ya me too even tho I don't really know what her life is like
aw ur killin me with that. You know i will need a nap after work to make that one
doubt it because of 1d
when people post pictures of just their face looking sad with quotes on Fb ...it's awkward and nobody cares.
No words can express my strong dislike for 99% of the human race That 1% is the amount of good people in the world You're all in that 1% c:
Awarded grants for 44 high school football players to attend summer camps. Thanks to all who help us help you!
You are a cruel (yet awesome) man.
Great program. I didn't think I was going to be able to do the whole thing but I did! I love that it works w music on iphone! :)
Adorn the Wicked - Tomorrow: via
I gave it a gallant effort, Twitter.... But I just don't think that you're for me.
Follow along with and help us provide help to those in need | www.DesignTheDifference.com
yea except when your teammate hits u in the nuts so hard your on the ground for 10 min
i miss my computer.
RT : It's been 967 days since the Democrats passed a budget. <& GOP House "irresponsible" for not following their lead.
you make me sick
today was pretty freakin awesome also awesome: discovered via that I live two blocks from
wow total coincidence or planned? If it's coincidence talk about needles in the hay stack! Lol
Listen to random shit on the radio...
can you put my name on the pic please? (:
my London London bridge be fallin down like miss doubtfire is on a bridge and falling down like..
is going to be as big as one direction or bieber, trust me on this one..then you can tell your friends you knew them before they did
Destiny doesn't just happen... You have to put your best foot forward in order to make steps toward your dream...
new dppp. :) check it!
CBS Sports to have live/joint interview of Obama/Cameron during halftime of first NCAA game in Ohio on Tuesday
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to the deep data dives
Them niggas on the side looked hurt!!!
Quick: I need the location of the aforementioned establishment and flight times for BOS > PDX.
no one likes you. <3
you got to prove you ain't no chump then,
praying for yall :) love you both!
Kinect's launch offerings have something for everyone, even for people who don't play games.
Google Places Breaks-Heads up if you have/manage Google Places account(s), seems to be some issues recently with reviews, listings breaking
Im def bout to cry
“: a great surprise & tremendous honor. Has been forceful advocate 4 our region through esteemed career”.SERIOUSLY Scott!?!?!!
I'd read the large print if it meant a short wait compared to regular print!
I'll see you tomorrow! Talking #Kissmas with Bel bright and early!
official 2011-12 sponsorship packet is ready... if you're in the ski industry, hit up for details
Oh so u mad? Okay
my foot is on the road to recovery i think!
we do have a pool out there :)
Lol how thrilling.
Had really fabulous lamb and brussels sprouts at Flora with , my first time there
you too, my dear! Crossing fingers I hit the lottery!
Drinking doesn't work for me. Just woke up with no idea where I was and thought I missed the bus. FML
conference then vacation. Looking forward to the time off. :)
Waiting for a conversation with Seth McFarlane at
Embarassing...but it's "Kissing You" for the Romeo and Juliet soundtrack...love that song.
Overheard conversation:"If intellectual banter turns you on, the classroom is the sexiest place ever." "What about conferences?"
er body follow me iight
From now until the end of the survey will be posting bi-weekly questions for you to discuss. Use #SUSurvey to keep track (1of5)
From a #Marketing point of view; "anything that your customers doesn't know, doesn't exist...!"
Looking forward to working with tomorrow!
as you grow older, you start to appreciate the things that you didn't think mattered when you were younger.
on somos money..."What the legislators did is vote for the people" when they enacted tier 6 pension reform
Started writing an email about brunch places to go with my fellow graduates but realized there's only two more opportunities to go...
You say vegetarian like its a bad thing...
Horns rush 11 but can't get to the ball. It sails into the end zone. UT has 80 yards to go with 1:16 and no TOs.
I wonder how long into the 2012 season valverde can keep his save streak going...
RT : Scott and Scott - Thanks for taking us along with from Concept to Launch
Thanks for the mention Uncrate!
Safe House was good!
hahaha!!! I'll be fine. How are you?
Great Read!
OMG WHY ARE YOU NOT TWEETING ALL OF THESE DO IT NOW FOR THE LOVE OF PUPPIES
you are truly a great human being. pics remind me of hangin wit my cuz at rileys childrens hospital indy. Sure do miss him
CONGRATS!! So excited for you, such a blessing to our hearts & ears!
check out the talented and beautiful Zarahi ! and her website!
You are welcome! Gotta show love for all the Yankees fans!
Wishing co-writer, Deon C. van Rooyen, a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
#RVA get out-enjoy today before storms. #KrispyKreme is open, sit on a rock in the James, walk Maymont, tons to do! Just get out there!
Now that's something I can get behind. RT Wine o clock
#ifiwereasuperhero I'd want the power to read minds
Motorcity Kitties need their ROAR back. WTF
when you have too many regrets to even count...
Good luck. Have fun!
Mikey: WAT DID YOU GET WHEN U WERE 5 YRS OLD HOMIE T$: I GOT A YELLOW BELT THEN I QUITE omg XD i love them!
Quitting smoking is not easy but it can be done, especially w/ acupuncture support. Great American Smokeout begins 11/18, a week from Thurs!
“Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.”
Ugh I don't know how to start this essay. -.-
You're worse than sarah
maybe you have exceeded your allotted tweets?
her fans stay mad! if they wasn't they wouldn't constantly jump in ppls mentions defending da bafoon!
Your welcome! Thanks for sharing such great content with #Fresno!
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me <3 2
Faculty meeting at 11am. Popcorn is popped and ready to go.
honest outsider view, dose of honesty.. Nuggets future outlook. More likely to make West finals or miss playoffs in next 3 years?
Congratulations, as a lifelong Packer fan. This ensures that the Green Bay-Minnesota rivalry will move forward as it should.
Leadership is getting players to believe in you because they will see right through a phony, and tell when you're not giving it your all.
I want a pen pal while in California for the summer!
Poll party at my house tomorrow night, bitchez!!!! Lol
im sorry i have no idea what youre talking about; been away from T for a min; ..haha refresh? howre you ? :)
Henry Winkler~ Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
and this is very good :-)
Hi Margot, thanks for following us. We're exhibiting at Decorex in London, are you going?
#NowPlaying Banjo by Rascal Flatts from Changed (Deluxe Edition) - my new ringtone
this drinkk is so sour <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Nope. Only 5. Cut it off when I got back to the Brady Street hill instead of running all the way back.
Do you have stories about #Gamification in the Enterprise? Please share with
Madison is still really cool. Do you still have a Siamese? I think I have always had one of those.
is off the hook! December? Really?!
Capturing DCF Parenting Conference to disk and new OnCue graphics coming right up.
Gonna go too east side church today ^_^
you are that awesome...
Out To Buy More Ice Cream To Keep Stuffing Our Faces.. (:
you should probably follow him too. He's a scholar and a gentleman.
I'm off to from sxsw on the 15th :(
Jacob: "Mom, look at me!" Damn, I love it when my autistic son asks for that!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people only call or text me when they wants something
I know!
Being serious about winning doesn't mean you need the best equipment, it means your opponent should
love the ad running on pandora. "joe may have your back, but johan has your feet!" lol
No, not the Monday!
What shows are you looking forward to this weekend? Greensky Bluegrass with and looks tasty tonight!
When do you want to start planning your event?
Excited to have our final list of inclusions completed for our 'Lost Washington' hardcover coffee table book to be released this fall !
Gonna save $500 a month living without a car starting in 45 days. Just gonna walk da Earf, like Kane in Kung Fu.
Yes, dear freshmen, this is the place where you can 'rent the books'
congrats and welcome.
That depends on if your interested in imaginary robot ladies and how big your credit card balance is.
Is Canon planning a camera that will compete with 30 plus mp?
Every Mets fan I know is down in the dumps about 2012, Twan. You are absolutely correct.
FYI: I hate Peter's bonus game on the DoubleDown Casino Brady Bunch slot machine.
will we be okay?
Why yes, launching now. But don't tell anyone. RT Is site launching in the next 2 days??? The page says Feb 2012!
We're screening Graceland doc "Under African Skies" in ICC 115 tomorrow at 7pm. There will be cupcakes. You only Paul Simon once.
My account was hacked...it has been reset...sorry for any inconveniences.
Well. You are a wolf.
Jefferson Davis crossed the Delaware and defeated Hitler.
that counts. happy kitty moms day!! :)
hoping you are healthy and ready to bounce back with the team
": ": ": And I want some Coney... smh", im down lol"--- I'm far lol none for me", for got u lift mad lol
that boy that came here yesterday is nice lol
Reminder: Street Team meeting tomorrow 4pm at Amanda's. Thanks to Desiree, Monique, Rhaina, Lilly, Dee, Dani, Bree, Serenity, and if I forge
Just left some of my chin on the treadmill. Chizzle time!
Cz you are on my mind <U+2665>.<U+2665>
Going to watch UP-W Metras in the 5pm hour today. I wonder if #132's going to pull an OB train on this line during that hour. Oh boy!
so glad you enjoyed it!
Why couldn't Jack Edwards and TC be calling this game?
I am so not ok with Emily as #Bachelorette. You only get your turn in the hot tub once.
Need. To. Be. Tan.
Finally watching Tangled. Even cuter than I imagined!
Yupp I Gots Too It's Hot
London mayoral election made a big mistake hiring those staff from Iowa and Ohio to help count votes
Hi Jennifer, thanks for the follow. Will you be attending
America's Got Talent tonight @ 8pm on NBC. Can't wait to see !
said it best "the black vote means nathing cause nothing in the hood is changing
Off to Pittsburgh for a week. About to totally go unconscious on the plane.
..what are your tour cities?
I was definitely not an annoying little douchebag in middle school. I hate everyone on this monorail
Though unlikely, Sale can still get a quality start tonight.
#SQUAD we all headed back to ATL
just emailed you something. have a look as soon as you can. merci meeeeec
Erin Peck repping the group opposed to the legal sale of #rawmilk. Need labeling and cleanliness specifications before passing.
whens the next debate??
Yes they are. Congrats and Good Luck!
The flat lands
Happy Wednesday everyone we hope your having a great week.
Being rich of heart makes you wealthy beyond compare - Rodney Williams
I have been thinking about it a lot; playa newbies. We'll chat this weekend! Going to the Summit?
RT So if JPM lost $2B in the last 6 weeks, who made a $2B profit in the same time, and how soon until they hire Ina Drew?
fantastic application
OMG beyonce is pregnant?
The queens of Wolfe St. are forever.
Killing these guys!!! R.I.P...lol #GRIZZNATION #gritngrind baby!!!
singing the MOST PERFET DAY AYYY!! lol in my (sponge bob voice)
No way they're gonna be able to overturn that.
It's time to test my true capabilities today...
Leeman is tweeter! MT #Librarians, #libraryschoo l- give a follow to for info re this summer's #SLAChicago conference
Lounging around the house in just my underwear ^_^
I just saw an old picture of Alex and griffin hosting teen hoot... Let me just say that would be a BEAUTIFUL couple! Omg
Well-behaved women seldom make history.- Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
I'm watching!!
yeaa thats an excuse to not talk to someone. :/ been there. RT : You lost your phone ? I think your just avoiding me :/
When I leave town, I can listen to the Pandora station made & it's like he's with me. I'm allowed to be a sappy wife on occasion.
Taking vitamins is a huge act of faith. How do you know they're doing anything at all?! Good night
Walking on breaks means that I: a) actually take a break and b) get a little exercise.
Thanks for the
#WeLoveOurKidrauhl :') I love him SO much like u guys know...u understand. AH I LOVE HIM. LOOOOVEEE LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOVVEEEE <3 LOVE
Right there with ya.
that's like asking a mom to pick her fav child. I <U+2764> them equally. “: What is your favorite piercing? #bodymodification #piercing”
Ididn't realize you were in Colorado. Me too. I'm in Denver
Lauryn Hill goes hard since the 90s
Nashville, 100% of sales this evening goes to flood relief. $5 pints. Do it!
If #YouBelieveHavoc then you want to buy a mink (in the spring) cause Kayne baited P.E.T.A <<ok that was a reach lol
His hair will take over program! : SMU fires men's basketball coach Matt Doherty after 6 seasons, 80-109 overall record with
Honored by your follow Karen. Thank you. I'm delighted to follow back.
I love movie popcorn, but it's just SO much work to reach...
It's official. I'm going to my first professional librarian conference next fall. Kansas City here I come...for the third time!
hell yeah!!! i like the Radiis too!
my hairs not long no more! Lol
Ladies' night is upon us! Drop into Beckett’s and inquire about getting 20% off select items!
This is gonna b a long night SMFH
couldn't think of anyone else Id rather be celebrating new years with than my amazing boyfriend
Now he's listening to Super bass... Hahaa he's just Chillin like we can't hear every word!!
I'll keep you posted. Though I'm not expecting to hear back again for a little bit. Fingers crossed. :)
I just want to be a better me...
Twitter needs to add "head nod" to the whole retweet favorite mixola.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street. - Zig Ziglar
Hoping new text arranging option is precursor to widespread Internet of Things; would like a "Commit Order" button for household clutter.
CYCA lets see how it handles the .0017s
Bernadette, winner of my gift certificate at the last event came for her facial today. She loved it! Such a sweet lady.
No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
Dear Christian bale- please dear god SHAVE!!!!
Getting Out Of School Is The Best <3
I lovee you
is within.
FB! S/O to them Pacers!
are those even the lyrics
Can't sleep. Watching lots of #Frasier on glad it's instant now! Hoping for Pete & Pete next. :)
I didn't know you were GF. I am too!
HI ! How was your day ? Lol so I'm like one of ur biggest fans , nd seriously if u followed me back you'd make my life <3 (:
Watching Seattle wake up to a fine morning from the windows of the 18.
big city dreams :)
I'm ready and waiting for it!
thank you
well nobody is perfect and I guess that's ur flaw lol :)
I had a wonderful time at the gym. Now to watch Friends and get ready for bed. Big day tomorrow. :)
AIA Disaster Assistance Training today #aia2012 excited to learn and help
Lee you disappoint me. You let him get into your head
UFC 136 at tonight! The only place in San Diego right now where you can try 619 Vodka! Try it and let us know what you think!
hey Austin! it's been awhile & I just want you to know..that I lovee you :)
Our new myspace site is up!! It has lots of new goodies for you to check out. Go take a look at www.myspace.com/7blueskies
really looking forward to playing with y'all in Austin at Emo's!
Facebook IPO might be great for entrepreneurs this year... seed money from Google millionaires helped start a lot of great companies
WOW this dude is 5'10" (same as me) and throwing down in the NCAA dunk contest. jumps 50" in the air...WTF
#Workaholics comes back soon!
No more black hair! Yay
I miss you already. Le sigh.
Shrimp dick? Bahaha. People in this pawn shop are crazy
yeah i know but you can only listen to it for so long you know?
How beautiful is it today Twitter Fans? We hope everyone is outside enjoying this Spring Day!
We love that fact that Zooppa has launched many careers for new videomakers and designers.
u are not in my followers :P
got energy but im sleepy at the same time lol
Please welcome our friend #skullgodapproved !!
#KIROConnect will be going on KIRO7 at 9:30...so if no computer, then t.v.!
Justin Moore Rocks!
I'm going to need a nap before I go out tonight...
Sometimes you have to see the unrealistic to become realistic.
yeah D;
hi! Can I meet you?
when will that be? I'm gonna hold you to that!
of Course man!
Perfect! See you then!
yep yep! Gotta rep my light skinned cuz from NC!
my lil sis is a few exams away from being dine with high school. I feel old ...
#WorkFlow coming to a end 13.5 hours to add to my check About 25 minutes Togo .. Over time babi!!!
whatever punks.
Just found the old Hulk Hogan wrestling buddy pillow in the basement! Smells a lot liked I'd imagine the real Hulk Hogan smells like. Sweat
Please, please tell me they call him Mr. Mow It All.
a is u at home
thanks for the nice comment! please add a review on our iTunes App Store page, we'd definitely appreciate it
Mini ATV - quad bikes adults
For our troubled running the ball we have abit of logjam at RB. Do you see us carrying 5 RBs again next yr?
1st Sunday without football....always a drag.
I would rather they pass the bill to help eliminate student debt then focus on what the rates will be.
Life has a way of working things out. Timing is everything.
Shocking news update, the packers have more pro bowlers than the vikings. The good news for the vikings is they will have that week free!
But, will definitely return to BSoG before #readathon is over. 2/2
Is it just me or did this draft take forever to get here?Still looking forward to it but it's a little anti-climatic. Rooting for
well thank you for coming. :)
One thing i noticed i NEVER finish my chapstick or lipbalm. I always end up losing it. Haha.
Which would make me not a whore huh?
Congrats of , named New Member of the Year at Boise State U #GreekAwards!
Thanks you killing too
HAPPY FOUR-TWENTY EVERYONE! SMOKE IT UP! :3 <3
Benny Benassi Tomorrow Night at Myst in Scottsdale i can meet u and give u Tickets $25 per Ticket price's go up tomorrow text 602-348-1722
Direct deposit, actually.
Love that your profile pic is the eggnog-spewing scene from
happy birthday ! :)
When your hair starts to grow back after youve shaved <<<<
confidence is a stain you can't wash off , but cockiness will get you a slap across your face .
Amen sista! you got it...the only bad workout is the one you don't do! Cardio & Yoga for this gal tonight.
One Direction one SNL come on new Yorker !!!!
I'll give you dibs on any of my textbooks from #2L year if you want it. :)
no :D wbu?
Good to know, but you need to cut down on your data collection....
what he do now? Can't say that I do.
Where the girls 18+ damn
I would say Rachel appreciation day was a success thanks !
YES! The United States troops are being allowed to come home to their country and to their families.
I got a $10 iTunes giftcard. Any good songs I should buy?
SINE QUA NON ticket giveaway today at 3pm @ Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
Vegas, hence the twit name. ;)
thanks for the Francis shout out! :D
YOU FiNALLY QUiT..WHERE YOU WORK NOW?...
RON WILLIAMS SHOW TONIGHT! Excited!
Tomorrow! We will be @ wokcano- Santa Monica to DJ! No cover, sexy lounge and huge dancing patio, great Asian fusion food. DJ !
I am giddy with anticipation at the NY Post tomorrow.
feel more relaxed after Yoga by tonight. Thanks!
Hospitals creep me out
you have the power to accurately portray the incredible, lifesaving gift that is organ donation. Be responsible with your shows.
Hey guys wanna snd a shoutout to i luv u girl enjoy it! <3
they know where the requirements are too.
- Are you all coming to Penn on your tour?
What is the latest news about Selena? I heard a blood pressure test or something yesterday?
that's you two days ago
We're at Broadway at 55th Street. The smell of smoke is everywhere. Galveston is burning.
Clear2GO bottles are now $9.99...$6 bucks off regular price . Makes a great stocking stuffer. www.clear2o.com
Majority of women are lonely cuz they build walls up instead of bridges!
#goodreads @ the library. Can it work?
Got me thinking about Pirates movies, and how that Michael Bolton skit made up for how bad Pirates 2, 3 and 4 were.
When does it come back?!! No!!
It's the last day possible to renew my Hill pass, and yet, there is no line.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
getting up nice and early tomorrow to temporarily dye my hair. I hate doing that, but I need a little summer change!
I will never be thr same without you
depends on wat time my session ends. i'll be in the lab wit
lobo needs to stop calling the WNBA game tonight---she couldn't be more biased if she was on the Lynx bench....geez
"Talent is never enough. With few exceptions the best players are the hardest workers.”— Magic Johnson via
srry I didnt answer. I was eating dinner then hung out in my downtown lol
For Union Rags' owner Wyeth, horses are in the blood - Bellingham Herald
we should write a letter to sr Martha but not say who it's from
RT : Once again the academy has ignored me... We've got to get you back on the big screen in style.
MSNBC puts on a Philly pol, who looks well versed in handing out 'walking around' money on Election Day, to badmouth voter ID laws.
RT : Plan for digital intelligence using 5-point roadmap, addressing #CustExp, measurement, ownership, optimization, tech
I watched that one go down. I can't tell whether anyone has any amendments at the desk for 201. Do you know?
Hah! If only there had been a bottle of good 'ole Texas Pete on the table!
I don't
Going skating with Robyn...see you on the other side!
It's raining outside but the breakfast is hot in here. drive thru on your way to work or school.
did you know that roald dahl wrote the screenplay?
He who fears something gives it power over him.
on my way now!
That's why I take them at night
Hell no i am not coming to your party playing some damn BIngo chick get out of here with that
If you post spammy shit on our wall you will be reported and blocked.
eg if Romeo and Juliet had cell phones, their plan would have come off w/o a hitch.
yea girl bak to back goals kitty
Let's go USA!!
u b good u $till a boss bitch
then you get for free tonight
That was a tidy 2:40 game.
I need a new phone. Mite as well join the IPhone team
Lee. C'mon. No need to be coy. We all know you have the suit.
Happy 23rd Birthday to my beautiful, smart, world traveling daughter. You truly did save my life and I love you with all my heart. 2/24/89
see not everything is available as an app or remote friendly site yet. So a full mouse & keyboard on a remote is awesome!
i am at this point where i feel like i am really busy promising other people that i will get drunk with them.
I fucking low key wished u would wish us good luck!!
Social Media should not be an overwhelming process, but it should have a focus. You can start off small and build over time. It is an...
the ones I haven't starred, I could do without.
What a game! Hope everyone enjoyed it and had a great weekend!
Seriously. Waited for upgrade though.
Today would be a perfect rainy day for a bowl of Chicken Tortilla Soup. Get it before it's gone in the next few weeks.
it's times like these when I don't enjoy your tweets.
Can't wait! RT Just arrived at Ann Arbor radio to go on I'll be on in 15 minutes. Starting off Monday with a bang!
this is gonna be a bad practice, I just know it
We had a great time @ July 3rd Lake Worth Event! www.southfloridaalerts.com
we have phones out here and smart ones too :-)
Email me at and ill send you some songs. Just say "send songs" or tell me a little more about you. Singing to you Jay !
Our team will be hopping between delicious client establishments! Never a dull moment in Chicago's culinary scene.
#20thingsaboutme i love going thrifting(: one of a kind stuff right there. Judge me. Haha
is reading Copernicus, science in the primary texts is a science that speaks to the humanities.
Yes it really is :)
thanks - you are very talented!
Missing 's concert........ Hopefully someone records it and puts it on YouTube
he's a great example of a PA announcer who just did his job and didnt act like a clown on the mic *cough*
nice to see you picking your alma mater
A beautiful black vintage, never-been-worn satin and lace waist cincher from Illisa's Vintage Lingerie in NYC.
SMH ... Now Why U Gwan Remind Us the bout how we used to have a 1st - 2nd & 3rd shift on Twitter ...
I Need A Smart Girl With A Dumb Booty ! ;)
Against my gastric doctors orders and throwing caution to the wind, I just enjoyed my first Doritos Locos Taco from Taco Bell . . .Oh My
Today is the day to follow me I follow back
Same Virgin Mobile, just upgraded phone. Old one froze all the time, especially when phone taking/receiving calls. Not okay.
Between my #crossfit #family, my friends and the strength given to me by my faith, I can make it through all things! :)
I should have never texted back.. This is where it gets serious o_O
I know "What it is and How it is Done"
wow that's awesome
So lloks like ima have to wait a couple hours till it warms up so I can sell these Hawk Cards
Up to the judges ..
No word do not auto-correct his name to urine.. it's Urie. No parent would name there kid urine
Life isn't about finding yourself. It's about creating yourself.
Caught cold from Feeling a bit cruddy but aim to be asleep by 9:30. That should help.
Asked to classify genre for newest book - my answer is 'Great'. Is that a genre? Smoke and Mirrors coming soon.
Next time u plan a tourney, let us know & we could perform skill development workouts 4 the teams. It would be a huge selling pt
Heart to Heart Conversation <3
RT : Delay in Bonds trial. One juror is missing.
I stopped caring long ago about who the mother is on How I Met Your Mother.
Almost to 800 guys :)
Happy MILF Day
Pop a molly, smoke a blunt, that means im a high roller.
woo thats awesome..went there 2 years ago haha (:
I will be really surprised if you don't like it. I'm in love with this movie. I want to see it a kajillion times. Have fun tomorrow
Century boys have to be the favorites. Klampe and Fritcher are a nice 1-2 combo for Panthers.
will you throw them into the elite of the B1G or are you waiting for a 'cuse upset to make a Badger Herald article about that?
don't show up to the games teams don't make $. You think the heat would be able to pay Lebron w/ their FSN Miami deal?
How many of my fellow tweeps are watching Night of Champions tonight?
Im not talking about fans, fans can say I love u. Im talking about this girl who won't Gv rest were just friends nothing more.
I knoww (39 minutess) *tear* and that face again? Lol, atleast you used it at the appropiate time this time though
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name
Happy Friday! ! Thanks for the retweet! :-)
The fact that Jimi Hendrix's Greatest Hits CD is in the $5 bin, makes me realized how fucked up the world is getting.
oh, i had amazing bread!
true! I was glad I got to see a game at the tank this year.
Today is Twitter's 6th birthday. Cheers to the microblogging service that changed the world!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Groundhog Day from Absolute EyeCare!
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves, to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by...
u so crazy...my phone didn't ring
Aww, thanks :). Can't wait!
come talk about designing a new proprietary line for me. I'm in town Thursday and Friday.
Building a studio!
Is it annoy jocelyne day or
308 tonight? my roommate Abby is the cook there btw
Painting a lot this week, the extra daylight helps.
Man, the 30 is a monster!
yea I am
I'm thinking my Teva-like Skechers flip flops. At least they match!
Some people absolutely love the pink hot chocolate.
I'm a promoter here in Miami. Pls follow me for the best parties in town :)
Thanks Caroline! You are 1 of the best in the biz, and I hope we will continue to work together! Good luck with your new gig too!
I can't wait!
Working through the to-do list. Had a great class today.
Not tonight. Being social :D. RT Stream tonight or I will eat your family.
Cute commercial. I rewound it to watch again. Nicely done RT : Just in case you haven't heard... 13 loves you #ROC! :)
Do you actually listen to yourself when you speak, or do you find you drift in and out?
(Kinda want a pair…)
Shout out to one love on the convo this morning I always learn a lot from you.
Disappointed and not at the same time. Feel like this was a good game for some parts
We are looking for more LIKES on our Facebook page. It's a great place to peek at our latest shenanigans. Go to: Facebook.com/ExtremeMoms
Amen! "That is a powerful mother that came with that daughter!" - Sheryl Lee Ralph
Just heard on NPR that U of California schools are talking about a $0-upfront tuition in exchange for 5% of student's paycheck for 20yrs
Discussing in class: its better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Neal Brennan
hopefully theyll close the roof to keep the sun out
those were jokes?? jk - good stuff, I'd forgotten about the O'M colts/ravens bet ... spot-on delivery of the "welsh"
I love you!
Can it be summer already??
We all have 3 choices in life: Give up, Give in, or Give it your all!
Annual checkup done!! No blood tests!!! Yay!!!
Dear lord, bill polian on is worth the price of admission. SO MUCH KNOWLEDGE
They couldn't even be original???? RT my name is on the flyer along with "the old partners" smh.
Going up north with Michael for the day !<3 oh, I've missed him.[: He's bringing the baby :D Autum Rose Wiest<3 <SoFar,SoGood;*>
i dont know.. im just hella feelin the supremes right now.. just where im at right now .. i really dont know.. i'm serious...
Shaved legs and clean sheets
First middle school vball game of the season
"Tweet It Now" starting now w/ & , moderated by Follow #TIN for journo twitter tips.
My TL weak af right now... guess I'll try sleeping....
keep it! It'll be worth something someday!
i miss my lubby! He needs to start texting me again! Id call if i could but my voice is gone right now pretty much.
Great thing about baseball: You never have to wait long for another chance to succeed.
I need a drink to calm my was down!!!
I don't think liam has ever met miley though...lol
my first visit and I like what I c
kind of a kamikaze kinda task
If a males urine tests positive
u need a tweet diet bitch be quiet
Even if this doesn't work out (though fingers crossed it does), I have new appreciation for the co. and standard for job app experience.
kmsl n u know this
this 6th grader thinks i like him?lol no. i mean lln not lol.
check our "favorited" tweets. It was his old account that he deleted apparently before creating a new one
Experience of DOs to talk, to touch, and to heal.
When people are so negative about things<
I'm also reading Glamour magazine. This is how I spend my friday.
that's ya twitter follower. All I do is tell the truth. Scracthimg the record and backspin. Keep it gucci
the keg is Electric once again!
Does your pooch need a new, bike-powered, ethically-minded, walking partner? Get in touch!
I'm Sickk Smhh` I'm Not Never Feeling Good ... = [
didn't see this one coming
At all! Listen, grad school applications will eat your life. I've been a shell of my former self since about October.
Focus on #autism symposium today from 6 to 9 pm at 651 Colley Ave. Learn what EVMS has to offer and hear about ongoing research!
Evidence 1900's fashion is back in - Instagram.
Sinise is like the #1 fundraiser for injured vets. Watched something on him about a year ago. Gained a lot of respect for him
acabo de subir las fotos de la fiesta de Halloween... feel free to tag yourselves :P
This week is Food Allergy Awareness Week. We must shed light on this life-threatening issue. I suffer from many food allergies.
Motel 6? I'm SO there! Tom Bodett’s keepin' a light on for us!
I'd be screwed if I wasn't :) Have an AWESOME day!
Mike, Thanks for the compliment. Yes we are connected on LinkedIn. Sent you a message a little while ago.
i have 86 followers what you gonna do ? ya thats right, im a boss
Dissnn Kobe and you got no rings
6/11 10:45 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: David Baker
Hahaha ;D Bumming It Today But I've Been Great<U+2665><U+2665> How About You?? We Need To Catch Up!<U+2665>
Transitions in libraries are never fun but it's hard to imagine doing it as poorly as this. Way to maximize the stress and pain!
Ok. on to football season!!!!
Im off from work now! Time to chill!!
Probably right!
Following thanks to
Go to sleep -.-
haven't seen you around in forever. How are things?
#YouProbablyShouldnt vote for Lebron as MVP if he keep ducking like the other night
you know you will be sporting some red lipstick in your pjs. Oh wait- that's me
I am blessed to have so many amazing friends.
I wanna knw how many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur b-day is this month # Retweet:) #Team Aries an Taurus_
The correct answer, now that I think about it, was not writing a massively inefficient method in the first place. Doh!
Did you see our video & read our press release? #PassionForChange #Chicago #Movement #StopBullying #StopSuicide Help us stop it.
Happy Revenge of the fifth!
Our card game is based on geeks and their fandoms. We have a set in the works featuring Swashbuckle and Ex Deo.
I would. There are WAY too many Jennifers. It was a trendy name for like 15 years after the movie "Love Story" (1970).
Mario Lemieux good!
Who wants to come over and cuddle?
Give light and people will find the way - Ella Baker
Especially with a little black pepper, a little cheddar, and a glob of real butter...
11:11 i wish for to tweet me <3
Fuck .i can't take this anymore.
Important college & student aid talk this week. One key piece very much on our radar right now: #communitycolleges. Announcements to come.
you said you tweeted me but I received no such thing!
Love! Thanks for sharing!
Meditation creates inner contentment. The experience of Truth is knowledge, and True Knowledge is Bliss!
Happy mothers day evrybody
Congratulations. Good for you.
Congratulations Dr. Meredith!!!!!!!!!!!
You're right. =) Every day will be 100% worth it. Just gotta stay strong and keep my chin up.
i completly agree with you. one of my many faves of that year.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah <U+2665>
haha for sure!! :D
Man , My #Pirates can't do nothing on offense. I'd know it's early but come on
ND may not win tonight, but they are running some stuff i'd like to put in for nxt season
Ugh, I am so sorry you got the #drupalflu I am glad you escaped unscathed!
At what point in this transformation do I lose my unique personality & reason I wanted to become a teacher (to create relationships w kids)
what?!! you could never bother me! :) 85?! I bet you guys are thawing out up there! Headaches are better (knock on wood)...
Two great sessions thus far today: Angie HIcks of and on "The Relationship Economy"
I Cant wait for
Big things are coming your way, Snackers. Stay tuned.
Going to have to delay the stickam for a little bit because my computer is being a piece of shit...but hopefully we'll be on soon!
Keep us updated! (: RT We hope you will check out our #kidsapp #Kandoobi - Animal Edition for iPad when it launches soon.
You can't interview Darryl Sutter on the bench...it takes 4 minutes for him to answer one question!
Breaking out the yellow polo for the big wedding
Pro•to•type <U+25BA> the original on which something is based; someone that serves to illustrate the typical qualities of a class.
“: Nothing is this world compares to the glory of our God. Nothing. Nothing compares to what He has for us.”
Yeah. Maybe it's just a season not for me and next year they move away from the stuff I found annoying/repetitive.
same to u, thx!
Or you could just use so I can see what you're reading!
Cam Newton named to NFC Pro Bowl roster replacing Eli Manning who is well IN THE SUPER BOWL!
I know. Your tweet just reminded me of the lifestyles of many of the rich funders of progressive magazines, esp the vacations part
so much stuff happened while i was gone..
Now listening to: MGMT - 'Electric Feel'
yes! Daft punk Tron!
#CloudBrokering check out #Cloud-eVerse product
it's Andre. I'm Standing next to you right now. Follow back
my pleasure. also thank and for the tip!
oh awesome!! And yes, me and Matthew are great<3 thanks for asking!
What do you do when you're sad? :(
Signed it! Thanks for the link!
save her , save her.
#IfIHadACult...I'd make my followers kick flash mob males in their privates
Three Peas chillin
Im sorry honey :( i deleted it.. :(
Have a good time ! the night life is live ! ,,
This is a new one: soaked to the skin and watching a wet, sideways-blowing snowstorm from a Flatbush coffee shop.
There's a sweet spot bet too much & not enough. Right at the moment it feels silky on the outside wrap it & chill it 1 hr.
Money Stay On BodyBuilder
6 mile run yesterday, 7 miles today plus a swim. How many Cadbury Eggs will that cover? Do Peeps count too?
Each day rain's been forecast this month, I've biked in & parked in garage--no rain. Today the same--it's only now raining in Polish Hill.
We have a service called Wildblue. There is three packages; $49, $69, $79.
Looking forward to lunch outside w/little D today at UMBC. Great way to start the weekend, to include surprise visit w/ Sunday.
There is a certain Buddhistic calm that comes from having....money in the bank. ~ Tom Robbins
Fun contest! RT : Having lunch ? 1st person to tweet us a pic wins 2 tix to concert tonight !
It's official- I have graduated.
Beanie Wells or Ryan Grant ?
Thanks :D
The Bobcats should be forced to play in the WNBA.
My guys will run them into the ground in next 2 games,be a shock to see them get in Denver
I pray I never become complacent
Also why do all narrators for books on cd sound like 90 year old women? no younger people want to read books aloud?
#fridayreads Have Mercy on us all by Fred Vargas and listening to Ape House by Sara Gruen
WHOA WHOA WHOA. Crazy harsh.
!! So true story
Had a great time teaching the workshop at BioCurious. Looking forward to more!
RT : in the building! NEW AT 9 mix on the BLOCK PARTY ON TUNE IN NOW!
Happy B day to the guy with the greatest hair on this side of the missippi
love little notes from dads! Happy Valentines Day
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight. Phyllis Diller
On Wumenguan - koan 31: No crack of the whip Need rip hands from the cliff's edge. Lightning from shadow!
Making Pancakes for my three favorite little girls. :)
You are the star for which all evenings wait. <3
we're happy too! might have a diff cooler name but it's still just me & johnathan writing everything, so it's all good :)
Should not have taken that nap today.
OMG ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!:O im SO jelly. You saw him in concert!!!! And he told you Happy Birthday in person. :O
Just entered a record in but it seems to have deleted one I'd created previously :( help!
Anthony January of Taft HS has gotten it together in the classroom and will qualify also he will visit Univ.New Mexico in a couple of week
On my bucket list RT “: for me it was in 06/2005 went to england.”
Wow! Wrote 5 offers on 5 prop in the past week for 4 different buyers. As rental rates rise, renters see that it's cheaper to buy!
Fantasy is necessary and meaningful
Maybe if my band ever gets signed we'll tour & play in your city! LOL
Words are loud. A lack of words can be louder.
I'm here. What time on Sunday? Noon? I think I might be able to swing that. Where at?
My 6 year old little brother calls you "Scotty McTooty"
Happy Thanksgiving World!!!
I slammed my laptop shut too! & I ran out of the room! Ugghhh! I legit almost pissed my pants!
Example: Blue light
Just you wait and see!!! :)
not too bad, how about you? how's the little one? not so little anymore, I bet!
3 30 in the mornin and i'm up smokin a blunt....in Alabama.
Getting ready to start #CCDay with NBCUniversal and Comcast at Lankershim Elem. in North Hollywood!
I can't get home fast enough to take a nap.
you are so perfect I just want to cry
Listening to talk about chaos and creative destruction
Unfortunately we don't as of yet!
No problem! We look forward to our feature!
SHE SAID I LOVE YOU BOY I LOVE YOU SO
SWAG- She Wants A Gentlemen
Honestly, I can't think of any feminist issues around the wedding. Lots of dress/body image stuff, though.
APRIL 6, Keythings Ent. Present ladies Night out Concert. W/ - KC n JOJO - Next -Horace Brown - Tickets on sale @
Happy Babies Diaper Bank's first delivery of diaper's will be tomorrow at 2 pm to St. Stephens Community Center.
Yes lee RT : is Bryce Harper from Vegas?
I need a massage.
Gym stationary bike...trying to get my mind right! Nerves are shot today.
thanks for the follow :)
Dear hoodies, thank you for always being there for me. Sincerely, I'm sexy and I know it, I'm just way too tired to show it.
How did your nutrition weather the storm? Read more on my blog at: www:eating4achieving.com.
pretty well!!! Went to the city earlier and now I'm relaxing while eating a gyros fries and cheese sticks!!! :)
Lord, be with me while I take my STARR test and please hold my Dad's hand as he undergoes surgery.
ohh snap i hope i didn't miss anyone's text
I can think of several more. Kind of like that Paul Simon song about ways to leave your lover. ;>
": #Scorpio #20ThingsAboutMe #1 I am choosey when it comes to love and friendships"
For real, say that. You're better off just getting a license forget about the ID.
I look up to Kanye West. Always will, hes an egotistical genius and owns the confidence of a demi-god. Fuck you, hes number one.
I love running into random friends at the airport at 5:30 AM!
I never would have thought I would hear a line like, "gay money is replacing Wall Street money."
Another 1 gone too soon. The funeral of Akkad Wynn will be this morning at 11. May he R.I.P. My prayers are with the family. We will miss hi
The #mcn2011 #greatdebate is on the proposition: there are too many museums. Initial vote: 65-35 or so against.
#youknowlifeisgoodwhen... you know life is good is trending. #Atheist #Muslim #Christian #Jew and
Damn that was all Penner!
you got a ticket?
What are the major recent movies in indie Seattle cinema I need to see?
I think the smell of rain has to be one of the best smells ever! <U+E04B>
downside, spending their college fund on chicharrones, but hell they will prolly end up being chefs anyway
In school and reweeting statuses... Thats when you know im bored
All have to do is what I can do and He said He will do what I can't!!!
The bread will look up and shout "Toast me!"... and I'll look down and whisper "No."
I wouldn't have a problem with a #robotprostitute... seems like a problem solver.lol
An EP is an extended play, usually something around 4-7 songs. Like half an album sort of!
#BirthAnnouncement Welcome to the world Baby McGregor!
lol... sounds about right!
Private classes available, low prices, compare and save @ http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
It's 3:02PM EST, do you know where your children are?
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia. ~E.L. Doctorow
We're doing it again this afternoon... performs The Beatles, 2PM at the Moore Theatre
Where is lol
itz fuckd up how ppl dnt realize how good of a person u is an shyt until u off dis earth
Ha. Nice. " Greatest one-liner ever, but one that only & may remember.”
hope you followed me back pls..
Ha, I'm pretty picky too.
RT : Food industry used framing to prevent regulation of food advertising. responded w/"We're not buyin...
ZOMG is the same as OMG
It was a fun day! See you tonight at the Bet on the Pearl event?
Happy Mothers Day!!
it isn't latent, she showers with knickers on!
(if you CAN help out with a charger and happen to be free at 5:15, please come to 204A/B--thanks much!!)
Can't sleep.
you was smoochin with my brother ;)
RT : Shout out to New World Symphony. Truly an amazing venue and outdoor space unique in
happy mothers day
New Radiohead Saturday!!!! New Radiohead Saturday!!!!! New Radiohead Saturday!!! New Radiohead Saturday....YES!!!!YES!!!YES!!!!
Here we go Bubba!
DBSA offers information on depression and bipolar disorder as well as listings to patient support groups.www.dbsalliance.org
Not a chance. He needs The Result Octagon
New Assembly Committee spotlights promising solutions 4 young men of color and the state. Follow for news
Happy Earth Day, friends! Take a moment to think of your impact on mother earth - we only have one!
RIP Dick Clark
I don't care what you think about me, i don't think about you at all
yes, it's happening. We are quoting and beating co's like Geico and Progressive!! Easy sell when you add the value of an agent.
please. It's not a narrative. She's dumb. Along with several of her counterparts on the other side.
If U are with the #wiunion cause twitter is the way to to go.
about to shower & dress ..
But just how many speeches go into overtime?
The best places to pickup women : everywhere but the bar/club
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL s new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!
Festival International Lafayette ,La UPC we out hea!!!!
Getting any skiing in?
I am experiencing vicarious tragedy! RT Dead Milkmen tix sold out! Lesson learned. Imma go cry now.
Good life<3
Thanks:) and thanks for the follow.
Can this new Grand Theft Auto come out now!?
Yall better be ready for TONIGHT...Keith Sweat & Montell Jordan at Sunset Station & then headed to BAR 11 to get CRAZY!
What a waste of breath, this coward no talent auto-tuning cause he cannot sing
ISS astronauts (in Q&A interviews) say "Planet Earth," (no definite article, but emphasizing PLANET) and "Space Station" (no "the," just is)
And soon I will have sushi! have a lovely weekend, friends.
We appreciate the follow! We hope designers will keep the Audio/Visual design aesthetic in mind when creating spaces.
Bare with us, everyone. I know you think Broken Glass has been snoozin but we'll be making some big announcements very soon!!
Lol I'm gone it don't take but one time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Do the suits come with an excessive amount of pleats? Sweet!
airing an 8-11 marathon of the ORIGINAL #HardKnocks, starring the 2001
A correction to a recent update: TALISMAN YOU'RE friends you want to be part of Untoward's twitter army.
OFFICIAL HU Graduation party is at #ClubIbizaDC tonite. Congrats!! Saturday night Hookup :: 21+ Free all night :: will pop off
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
Sounds good. Thanks.
Thanks U Soo Much! I appreciate all ur support :) And :)
Today's #9RoundMinute is going to be brutal, but it's the best way we know how to send off 2011. Coming up at noon!
thanks, my cousin is loving this!
did you go to soslam?
It says something when heads from your home town/state stop fucking with you.
OH: "It's like this ritual in France. It might be outlawed now."
#Esri license renewal time!
Twitter can be like talking to crazy homeless people through protective glass.
just follow people on the other side of the world...fun boozy foreign tweets!
I'm not home--is the debate that bad? I'm probably missing out on drinking aren't I?
Save me! And make me feel alive!!
look ahear it aint my fault u cant read
Listening with ones entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We learn so much when we really listen
Just watched the best video EVER....my life is now complete
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. Deuteronomy 6:5
Improving Pirate Metrics with Product Design with from Boomerang!
BT Elder Law attorney Janet Morris served as keynote speaker at the Taiwanese American Lawyers Association’s Annual Law Day.
Are you serious??? Really!!!
March 9th! Rap music changed for the worst. RIP
#pghPC Don't forget to register for our event on September 14 with
“: Both and pick to make it to #ZouOrleans. #Mizzou”
SMi is not a tout service, we attach importance to value not volume.
SO DID I!! You shoulda tweeted me! We could have gone together! ;D
yeah i love making them..i love film
ok great and I won't. And ok I'll ask her tomorrow. Good luck with the video making Canadian friend!!
Does Lady gaga celebrate Halloween?
RT People always wonder why I'm happy all the time. UM do you want me to be sad or? I don't know dawg.
wow, I am SUPER DUPER IMPRESSED with the new CFA LOGO. I find myself INSPIRED TO BE A BETTER MAN.
thanks C!
I think it has a very good chance!
Thx to student designer for helping to brand the Crowley social media pages. Much better!
I want to go home. Soon only 4 more hours. So sleepy!
haha great minds think alike :)
Oh daddy
#Ladies #WOA...if ur coming to bed with ur hair wrapped at least have on something sexy. #ImJustSayin Thanks!! -Management <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
c u on foursquare
Follow your heart with whatever you do in life and you will know you're on the right path.
Thanks for checking it out! Its a shot I took when I had lunch #with Lisa a few weeks ago :)
When you miss that one person.
na.. I liked her better when she was serving that #ModelAnorexiaRealness lol when are u free this week??
In exchange for The Walking Dead TV time I am now watching GCB
that's a proposition I would vote for.
forgot the joy of wading through irigaray and beauvoir.
#sljsummit10 Don Leu no state in USA measures students' ability to read search engine results
Greetings on the Church New Year!
First topic of the day: the Enola Gay and the bombing of Hirosima
app columns lock up to prevent scroll/update, plus no sync bt mobile app and web app! Really? Novelty at this pt far from useable
I want to try this damn Dr. Scholls machine. I wanna know my foot pressure number.
Planning my birthday WOD. I smell Burpees!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 9
Thx 4 recommending I'd been using Apple's #iDisk, but it still has issues with not syncing properly. Hoping for best!
about to body my breakfast, that my mother was so kind to make, and then kill on Goldeneye.
Thanks for following me Ben!
Come on Sun!
thx for letting me know you are home safely. And, my genuine pleasure meeting YOU!!
2.5 hours on telephone hold and still no representative
They smile in your face then turn on you!!!
I feel that
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
This school is going to burn down!
April was a great month of progress for bfest planning. I'm looking forward to finalizing plans by the end of may and releasing info June 4!
New oil pump, new oil pan gasket, but no oil pressure. Wtf, don't think I did anything wrong...
had no idea they were archiving this RT : Hoffman: Most terrorist websites password protected. Major barrier for archivists.
you and my husband are both excited! #worldseries have fun watching the game
#FF If she gets 5000 followers by 2/1/12, she'll let us see the deleted scene between Mara and Noah! *squeals* Get on it!
#NW One Day , This movie is so sad :'(
R.U.H A.Y.H!! IF U DONT WAT DAT MEAN IT SOMETHING FUNNY...
i hope today is a chill day cuz its starting off like that :)
OHMYGOD. JASON'S COMING HOME SOON. AH. c:
Theres always people that cant see the good side in all these stupid riots lol -.-
Happy birthday from Pedro and Poncho and me. Pew! Pew!
didn't realize you were a Lebron fan bro!
Headed out to show my farm listing. It is such a good buy! They are practically giving away the farm!
Off to n.c this week
Melzer and Mathieu advance at Monte Carlo MONACO (AP)—Jurgen Melzer of Austria and Paul-Henri Mathieu of France both won in straight se
After you ROCK OUT at WINTER JAM tonight, wake up in the morning and join us for PRAYER 10AM in The Garage!
Ugh, please less Ellis on
Watching Children of the Corn on the train this morning before work. BART is my second home.
We will give the first new announcement tomorrow! Exciting things to come from us in 2011!
Oh no.. based on what you said, it sounds like it's in the later stages.. is it? I'm so sorry :( :( :( :(
a place to fell better about yourself!
My account is un suspended :)
We're getting geared up for the #RW24 race this weekend...thinking we have a pretty solid team this year!
I really need to catch up on #IJustWantMyPantsBack I l<U+2764>ve this show!
Talkin all draft today
..had a friend, B.J Sund..caught apparently, in Katrina..so didn't seem to understand what ever happen to his wife and set of twins..
Saw your spot on MLB Network last night. It was great. Well done. Enjoy the games this weekend
I love Mad Men, yet I can't place my finger on why.
Motorcycles. Everywhere. Steel Ponies opens at the Eiteljorg in 27.5 hours. Get your motor runnin'!
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. - William Shakespeare
I'm cooking and everyone else is resting or sleeping. Therefore I'm drinking.
Rachel Maddow nailed it last night when she compared Republican law makers and the debt ceiling to kids putting metal in the microwave..."He
USDA On The Hunt For Offspring Of BSE-infected Cow
That can't be good.
do it like a brother, do it like a dude
Im so excited I can't even sleep! RT : Dr. Oz is coming on Friday to talk with Jay Towers in the Morning!
Stop playin, I’m fresher than a Degree stick.
hold on, ima look now
I really cant wait for ur album! Iv been supporting u since 2008 (yes before victorious) and u have come so far i love u so much <U+E328>
Good Morning everyone Have a Great Blessed Friday!
OMG REMEMBER ME GIRL? we used to talk:D haha thank you :)
LOL : Alex Rios with a nice tribute to Juan Pierre there.
You're in luck!!!!
This is perfect nap weather <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
And friends too, oh yeah, I have the best of them too
Loving this weather.
i can't remember too many others, outside of Cutch's 2 last year & the Rob Mackowiak walk off Grand Slam against the Cubs
Today is EARTH DAY! Come in today and receive 20% off if your FroYo contains the colors blue, green, and brown.
On the hunt for a fabulous wine rack. Any suggestions?
In class not feeling no movie right
Why can't I be happy?
you are one of my favorite characters on TWD! You looked beautiful on talking dead tonight! ;)
Verizon magic
Chapala for dinner!! :)
My new earphones are the best.
Wild blueberry scones in the oven, and Ethiopian Harrar coffee percolating. Time to get my breakfast on.
Lol always :) let's have more adventures! RT : It's always an adventure with !!
Gods gift of knowledge and understanding of the body is not limited to healthcare professionals:
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets and sharing how we each make a positive impact in the lives of others.
When someone tells u about theyr problems, it dosnt always mean theyr complaning, it means they trust u
Me tittzz are like pepperoni :3.
Lol, my bad bro!
Mon: CD Review. Wednes: The Beauty and the Beast of Summer. Fri: ??? Stay tuned....
I've been reading blogs, finally. You guys have such good words
Thank You - Ditto! I Thank God for our friendship - we were right where we were supposed to be.
Post lots of pictures for your listings! Lack of picture(s) is a turnoff for buyers
The team expands beyond measuring!
Goodnight everyone have a nice night i know i did!XD
Thanks for the follow - we'd love to play a show for you sometime!
#imagine you and Liam in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. L: i love you *kisses you*
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 49
Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight hmu for tix
Double O_o RT And she had a TWA! She said she seen me in YT. O_o
From the Lillian Schwartz to the Jo Dery films, so much good abstract music/sounds
do you prefer hypertext and electronic literature OR hypertext and literature? How about hypertext and new media?
Dined at Piccolo tonight. Bourdain was not exaggerating. I am totally feeling the Doug Flicker love tonight.
Looking at the Mets roster rite now do you think we he a shot at the wildcard?
ehh your truck is enough for me:)
you should really try to get more out of your day! :)
FYI, #AAS3rdCentury RT : DeLucia's work is genius. She has a great article in the recent JAH.
RT : *big money big money big money*!
How does it take many dyslexics to change a lightbulb?
#replacerihannasongswithCAKE "go on and CAKE a bow"
Considering how much labor could be saved just by getting rid of money, I don't get why we can't put our mistrust aside to accomplish it.
ran into Frank Ritz at Holiday Valley yesterday. Great to see him. Sad he's gone from the Cleve, but glad he's still with you.
Sounds good!
a wedding is also a soup
Living the high life with at the bucco game
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Is there any minimum age for registering a copyright in the US? I have a 16 yr old student asking.
thats your cue to tweet a pic of it havesnt seen it
boom strike!
That's fine. Still better than "Thin Red Line" Army Men. All they do is recite poetry. And they won't shut up.
See prior two tweets: interesting how the world trends...
:I wanna check out the movie the assault but there are two. Do u know what year it came out in?Thx
What goes on with Internet speeds in Kansas City (locals need to know)?
Increase your security while on facebook - use https:// instead of http:// Keep in mind it will disable certain features, such as chat.
you at the game?
with power....until you get the holy ghost....until you embrace conviction and standard...and your testimony
Best of luck to those running the Lincoln 10k today. Including a BH team, Team Andrew & Co. and Kerry Hall amongst the participants.
Noldy's Ashy ass knuckles
Who thinks Roger Sterling's going to hook up with Megan's mother tonight?
FLOP is written all over the poster!!
Top #marchmadness visual? Draymont Green literally mopping the floor.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut. ~Channing Pollock
Mom thinks it's weird i'm eating pancakes for dessert. Told her I don't conform to eating them solely as a breakfast food.
Ok. Twitter. You win.
Bout to fuck the shit out of my girl
Had a blast in Baltimore. Thanks to those that checked out my mixing demo at the #bmorebookfest!
I know...lolol,bring it tomorrow!
HELL YEAH
What is it about the late night that I find so appealing?
They sell it in Indiana. My kids love it.
yo u said u wanted some more food right
Thanks ! RT: You have one of the best facilities in Chicago. Daughter and I visit from far west burbs as much as possible.
ARE THY STILL HIRING?
I wish I liked milk.
my tongue is still kinda blue.
I appreciate update and admire the speedy reply, but they've been working on this plane since 8am and move dep time every 20 mins
If u shop at use the rep code "dope187" to get 20% off and free shipping
Considering attending
enjoying my birthday. gonna go volunteer at the library, cos that's how I roll.
and for Yanks.....that is a deal breaker!
I HAD TO BOOT A CONCEPT AND CREATE A NEW ...DAMN
Holy nervous excitement batman! #ToughMudder is only hours away...I should go to sleep...but HOW?!
stay away from that Wal-Mart & drive a little further to Porter Ranch Wal-Mart...much nicer :)
I do lol!!
Marijuana prohibition is over!
Thanks for helping out yesterday, Patrick!
"Someone said true love was dead and I'm bound to fall, bound to fall for you."
People think it's holding on that makes you stronger, but sometimes, it's letting go that shapes you..
oy vey! But many thanks for the help!
Wowzers! That's one zippy postman/woman!
Don't forget to stop by OKC Russell's the Stars will be performing tonight!
That's it for our conversation tonight, folks! Thanks for following along!
Touchdown ! Woof Woof!
this song is amazing. ~
He's shutdown guy,and keeps Black Mamba from having to use himself up D'ing up but hey,gl
did angel really.... pass away?! ='( I'm soo sorry
haha! Yeah is great late night for food for late night peeps like me!
Thanks! No Smartboard, but I think we found some good Web 2.0 resources. I'll tweet them out!
no i missed you :(
cool to see you out there saturday night. I told a few girls that I was your coach. They were impressed. I hope you don't mind.
I want something but he doesn't want me to:/ im glad he's looking out for me but it's like...idk:/
Yes! RT : Frugal is reusing saran wrap. Cheap is buying generic plastic wrap, the stuff that doesn't work.
Conversation in my family is like an Aaron Sorkin movie with rabid, rabid ADD.
Do any college wide outs catch the ball with their hands anymore... Every ball caught is with the forearm.
I hope so too. I've seen 2 acoustic shows and 1 live performance
thank you Abigail!
As for bdubs i'm saving that for Brit & Lauren again lol
We'll be in Lafayette with my parents or we would. Thanks for the invite!
My brother says im just like jade from victorious(x
get weird!
yep mine too! Nothing can be better than Victoria :{)
And just like that, my days with the are over.
Baby are you down?
Does anybody know how to get blood out from under your fingernails? Also, it was like this when I got here.
We heart you too!!! Haha. Have a happy cinco de mayo!!!
So tomorrow afternoon I get to drive home from Louisville, KY. Sounds like it's going to be a fun tornado filled ride down I-65.
My HS is playing an alumni football game to help raise $ for the Chardon victims. Wonder if I can take the FOX chopper to get there?
no words. Sad no matter what at this week!!!!!:( What pose girl.
OOMF HAD ME CRUSHING SO HARD ON HIM!! BUT HE KEPT LYING SO I FEEL OUTTA LUST!
Mom: "There's an app for your iPhone that locates it when it's misplaced...Please get that app." My mom knows me way too well.
Lets just hope I'll get over you.
A women who cookes clean committed thats the C's i like
Thanks for hearing our feedback on advanced search capacity. It would be nice to have that back.
I didn't know wrote :I look to u for Whitney..he such a talent
Excellent! Glad to hear, hope to see you and the kids!
And Zactly! : EXACTLY!!! : Conservatives want less government for same reason robbers want fewer cops. via
Round 3 begins tonight. Predictions: Los Angeles in 6, New Jersey in 7.
Drink Specials are the $3 Miller Lite Big Beers & $3 Absolut *You Call It! Add Monster or Juice
Inventors, Computer KIA's: if people WWW search 2 see if something has been invented yet, can the webmaster/comp produce or sell the idea?
Relaxing is harder than it looks.
I once wrote a poem about a swimming pool. It was so deep.
For every great success story, there is a list of failures along the way
The Geisha Room, Austin Tx.... Tonight.
taking care of buses for Kuvia is more of a pain in the ass than I originally thought. i just want to go back to ignoring this mess :(
One major different in Cotto's entourage. No girly boys.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Love you seester!!!
attempting to sleep;
Work the middle , work the middle ,work the middle , work the middle ..
Higgins -- qualifications of a critic - not just like movies but also know a little something about life.
I have to sign into youtube to watch that, since it's pervy or whatever. I don't have a youtube account.
I wanna go to sleep.
Love with snow sprawl. Mindstorm. Wondering: given writing's contact w/abstract algebra, what dangers in elegance as measure of composition?
Can't wait for this week! Not gonna miss 106&park at all! Can't wait 2 watch OMG GIRLZ & MINDLESS BEHAVIOR!!!!!!!!!
" nice pants" on the little one. :)
Mention the Padres, Dodgers, or Angels today for an $8 64oz growler refill.
Congrats on graduation today! :D
You seriously disgust me
Also, I view the purpose of twitter is to butt in.
This game isn't over.
New designs on the works...
Wow this season finale is really god!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Fair enough. Glad you got the work and you are a good read. Regret that JM wasn't so open when he was on the public/elected payroll.
it was AWESOME! im gonna have to try really hard not go again too soon since i dont have that kind of mullah
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me, or RT this.. Please..
I love so much. <3
Wow, 28 followers. Go big or go home.
Crying yourself to sleep at night because you know there's nothing you can do anymore <<<
I'm going strict on this diet .
Thank you Anderson for keeping this on people's minds.
As well as Eyre, Neshek, Villareal, Paulino, Tolleson. So much depends on how the big league pitching situation shakes out.
I said before it started that this wasn't a big game but it was definitely a big win
I love seeing old people holding hands, it's so cute. It proves that love does last. :)
lol. Dude I will. q: You need to try one with this Chile stuff I have.. it explodes your taste buds. (:
no problem - and thank you for the compliment :)
I am convinced that when someone has a physical or verbal fight with someone that they do not have it together...pause on the associate.
Victim made a call saying Hernandez, her boyfriend, "took control of the car."
This weekend I was part of a wrestling match, called roller derby, and played an anti-Scott Walker show. Life is a dashing, bold aventure.
": A Bully is someone who just hasn't picked the right guy yet!" - Preach it Hot Rod!
Sorry TweetFriends... :( I can't follow people any more.. Off the limits! -__-
Sometimes I think this job is best done with a partner to slap sense into me. Me: "haven't worn this top in 2yrs, but I'll keep it..." NO
The only thing that can save the city of Baltimore is if HBO bring back The Wire #ravens disaster in New England
Im just not feeling it right now. I need a friend and a hug with ice cream. A prayer would be nice as well
Heading out with Social Media Caddies to reward fans for connecting with the tournament on social.
Super excited to see sing the National Anthem to night when the
the d-league dunk contest didn't compare to k-dobbs dunks in the amature dunk contest
our merch?! That would be awesome of you. Whens your birthday?
maybe go back to your normal color, but with purple streaks?
To celebrate #AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC & , we are asking another trivia question at 3pm today. Stay tuned to win tix.
is looking for the best way to embed video on a wordpress site. Any ideas?
Pardon: promiscuous osculation. The jokes get stranger by the minute.
4 hours to go! If you can't make it tonight you can catch the action on 1620AM or 1620thezone.com Go #nighthawks! #Derailthelocos!
Thanks Laura : )
that video just made my day.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. - I didn't write this, but I wish I did.
I didn't even bother photagging the doubles. Thanks - I have a thing for running shoes :)
you have some nice pieces!
Another great outing by Mark Buehrle. Hopefully the pen can nail it down for him. (via )
: I'm afraid so.
RT Happy 107th birthday ! Doing great work across the globe for over a century.
isnt putting out?
hey man school today hey add me
I thought someday I would love being all caught up at work. I was WAY wrong. Go figure...
ah mercury still in muddling sign of the fish. got your elixir! it is WONDERFUL! thank you & best of luck in your scribblings.
Mike Mayock: "Brandon Boykin to me is a football player." Everyone else: "He is a football player to us, too. Mike Mayock is an imbecile."
2.8m on dinner break thanks for all the encouragement. 8 left and we enter the thunderdome at 7
Watching a girl on her old white #MacBook and actually feel sorry for her.
#Thatawkwardmoment the asshole friend who needed a ride turns off his phone after your other friend woke up @ 230am willing to help him out.
I don't trip about 1st time prom girls b/c most of them I plan on being late...and it always happens but still, am I missing something?
Man you're so quiet on-air now, did ESPN yell at you for being opinionated?
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW YOU BACK PLEASE I NEED HELP #I`LLFOLLOWBACK
much appreciated
We're #CommercialFree in 5 minutes... that means NO spots and FREE tix to the soldout Flo+TheMachine show this Sat
True true
what else is new?
I don't care about your prize...so i've an even better idea EADIAF.
Some Congress Democrats Split With Obama on Gay Marriage - Bloomberg
., how about making former Sun 's one-handed grab of a ground rule double at #DbacksGiants a #ScTop10? ~ Sincerely, Phoenix
No way! :P She sent that to me:) But i didnt want it so it got sent to you xD lmao
Once again President Obama LEADS while Mitt Romney just goes around in circles.
Just came back from the grocery and can't believe what I saw...They even have a milk specially geared to the top 1%.
Good job Mavs
Ignorance is Fear's favorite dish.
thanks! I would love to see it. They are a slowly fading bit of Americana.
The other side
The rant was a classic.
don't send me a text talkin about some BS Ily shit that u send a different girl on the same damn day.
My credit card got charge (temp. authorization) good luck!
New song from The Shins so much doesn't suck that I had to Shazam it to verify it was them.
the skinny blue fox jumped past the boring dog.
George Kuchar is gone? Crap!
I'll be starting the DQ Blizzard diet in about 6 weeks.
Fuzzy dice, bandana, baby shoes.": Name 6 Things people hang from their rear view mirror. #familyfeud ! Good Luck !"
'Story So Far' the name of One Direction's new book, out on September 1st.
Oh, that's so clever! Would be hilarious--do it!
Sweet Victory Mariners! It feels good to see this team deliver when it looked bleak.
Synders Nuggets, FTW! ": Pretzels are salty, regardless. But Rold Gold packs in 2X more sodium than its competitors!"
The most recent episode?
Friday, where you at?
Happy 5th birthday to Twitter!
Never try to school a person that grew up in the 80's...they rode bikes without helmets!
Any idea which ad companies involved?
So, declined two of our videos, said we didn't have rights to our own work... hhmmm
My God the thought of that lineup makes me weep openly...Barney & Soriano main culprits
yeah, she's cool!
Happy #WorldWaterDay make a difference, give up your bday & support in bringing clean drinking water to the world
For the good of metal!
BTW, when am I going to be able to buy The Istanbul Puzzle in the US?
On the road again! Bubye Columbus, Michael, & Brittany! Hello Dayton for Paige's grad #party! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
u know it super loud
Tim Wakefield should hit 200 and home anyway! :)
Did you know, Christmas is one of the most popular days to get #engaged? Congrats to those who said "YES!" this weekend!!!
haha you too my friend!!
i'd say a tour
In desperate need of a time machine.
I'm always stretching myself way too thin
1 in 10 impacted by unemployment. That isn't Silicon Valley.
ha! we wish we were that highbrow.
Come to Cream Stereo Lounge n catch us live on the decks at 12:30am
I can't wait to see u on stage in a few! xD I Love u guys! <3
Don't miss this great event with YA YA Boom and TYS
WHY ARE YOU STARTING TO COPY PEOPLE. MILK EVEN USED THAT ONE I THINK
T-Minus 6 days til Jameson shots and Irish car bombs until they're all gone.
: reason 4 steep decline in network viewers has 2 do with way networks now parcel out episodes of their more popular offerings. AMEN
I'm now helping out with media for , a fantastic environmental org!
R.E.A.L- Remember Everyone Ain't Loyal!
Inching closer and closer to setting a date...who knew this would be the most difficult part?
thanks dude!
Kids Are Worth It! Conference Advisory Commitee will soon begin to idenfify workshops & presenters. Have Ideas? Email us
And their skin color had NOTHING to do with the characters or THE PLOT so it shouldn't have mattered anyway! Oy. #whypplsostupid?
Im only gonna be nice because what comes around goes around
"That, right there, is a proper 18-year-old, someone who probably knows how to draw an excellent dick on a grease board.
Why is kyles new avi not showing on my IPhone? #JankIphoneThatTonySoldMeFor20Dollars&2PoloShirtsThatHeForgotProbzzz
"Tell me off for a fee"
really?! haha i'll have to investigate this.
I oversee the HIM department at both jails in denver.
Off to go see Dark Shadows.
God I wish I could smack this girl . I don't need my mommy to protect me oh wait my mom never has I've been sticking up for myself since I
Who wants a $50 gift certificate?
usually wear my panties underneth pantyhose now as mistress susan insists
hey there how are you?!
Happy birthday, Megsters! Love and miss you, friend. ...P.S. I miss how we use to celebrate our May b-days ;)
Banned to a coffee shop (not the Amsterdam kind ;p) learning lines for #wiwo rehearsals. Oh, the fun of not having a house...
Thanks to everyone that came out to the show last night! It was so much fun! Thanks to Brandi for making us an amazing cake!
How did I not know about this site before!????!?!?!?!?!
I just thought you were being clever. Hear... earworm.
She tryna blow my high... Not tonight... Delete delete delete!!
Hunny when you getting money you dont have a care
": Happy New Year Gorgeous! Here's to all dreams coming true!
When niggas mumble shit & dont speak up oh scary ass
300 Followers! Thanks to Everyone Who Follows! Weather You Support Gracie, Nat&Alex or Ari, Thanks So Much! (: xx
As we sleep, our eyes enjoy continuous lubrication. Also during sleep the eyes clear out irritants such as dust and allergens.
. False and truly ridiculous. Your tweets, on the other hand, are reasoning crime on a small scale.
We are in dire need of baby blankets for cribs. To donate call our office (305) 637-6711. Thank you! Please RT!
#Huguely lawyer: "George didn't kill her but he contributed to her death".
Our next show is February 23rd at HENNESY's AT FANEUIL HALL!!!! BE THERE!!!
Still not ready for bed
Have a great day everyone! Check back later. :)
interesting story. Thanks for sharing!
Do you have a list of what was cancelled?
I haven't used one for domestic travel in years. I have used one for international travel.
Or actually I love money
Beautiful here too! Good luck! :)
The hotel I stayed at in Cincinnati had a big "no firearms" sign on the entrance. They do have good ice cream though.
Cann a Bitchh get a Break?
I'd love to see info confirming existing #openaccess publishers can handle the volume and meet ever new requirements. Would be nice
Why are Sunday nights so fucking boring?
any pictures of the FB event we can use on the NPR blog The Two-Way?
Gotta face Estrada, Gallardo and Greinke. Then again, they also face #Brewers offense.
Proud Day!
Electric violinist? Check. Wine & beer? Check. Gr8 contemporary art? Check. Almost time for closing reception tonight, 6-8pm. Come join us!
Is that Director Scott Compton I see?
Any chance you can meet at 8:45 before the presentation? Grand Sonoran J-K
I'm in Vancouver: Obviously in town to be a guest on
Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do. ~John Wooden
#askjosh Josh, you skyped me one time but then hung up...i was wondering why?
what's up man, you run LA all the way from Miami... Nice stuff
#FF my homie and the collab , wrapping up an epic 2 months working together in
Is your son enjoying Missoula? Prbly don't want to hear this from me but I had a lot of fun in that town. =)
thanks for the info, can't wait to see what this is all about. I'll be sure to check my email Bill, thanks!
This week's concert... Arctic Monkeys opening for The Black Keys at the KeyArena.
Race for the cure!!!! Denver, CO 10/02/11 TEAM BOOBYLICIOUS BABES!!!! Please register under our team!! Support is much appreciated!!! Xoxoxo
and I'll make sure it's a perfect fake prom
UGH! Can't sleep
Okay enough taunting for tonight. Lots to get done!
Someone come make me breakfast
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick In a six told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits.
BACK ON BABE FUCK THE LEACKS AND FUCK THEM HATERS!x
Knowledge is knowing that tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in your Biryani. Ahem, Sindhis & Memons...
The internet is also very strong right now... Me gusta. ;)
I'll be working in the communications dept. so excited to work there!!
Why are so many countries testing missles? Seems more frequent lately.
A Walk To Remember <U+2764>
#BetterWithChicago I don't want to spend my Friday doing ANYTHING but jamming to my idols<4
Im a give it to you al night long.
Mobile twitter is great.
Cant stop listening to Big Sean Ft Nicki Minaj - Dance(A$$)!!!!!
: I'll buy the 1st round
So true! "Entrepreneurship is an irrational pursuit."
enough of u miss teen maine
Good job
Congratulations to your graduates!
I love my unions they make everything so easy for me
how about taking Blatche and Mcgee? it's a no brainer, and exactly what we need.
I'm glad they found a place, but the fact that the restaurants around there pushed them out is so lame. Get a competitive offering!
WWW.HELPINGHANDSINDIANA.COM
Louisiana is Texas mixed withh California
someone in our office makes Sumatra every Monday. Makes it a little easier to not hate the fact that it's Monday.
Thanks Christy!
congrats man!
seven murders reported in Grand Rapids, MI we're monitoring the situation. Suspect believed to be holed up in a home possibly with a hostage
there's a new starbucks logo?
My birthday is this Sunday. Any suggestions?
Stay tuned for live pics of tomorrows opening night festivities at Hennesseys in Boston 9pm. Crazy #beerpong action to come!
It takes CHARACTER to play hard when ur tired&not sure what it takes2 play when ur tired. Something short of character.
Not a bad idea. I will look into it.
What a fun day of football!
Indeed, time is the factor here. I may figure out a way to fit it in, or maybe have a coding party at GLS!
Walking out of OPACY and the usher just said to us: "good morning". Not good enough.
Oh well
LOL...luckily neither is the case.
I just absolutely loved the recipes that made on the Today show, earlier(: amazing taste(:
it does that from time to time is supposed to come watch but he's on some lame shit
Layers are so fashionable. The Big Mac has layers of sear-sizzled 100% pure beef & melty cheese. Fashion never tasted so good.
Diana what happened?
Ew nasty trend ever.
wait what do u mean?
Headed to the track tonight. Can you recommend a Plan B if I need to work up to Cardio Sizzler?
You too Handsome! Hope you have a great one!!!!
You Kant be loved, if you don't love yourself!! Stop asking people to do something you're incapable of doing yourself!!
A hazy Monday for me...dental work, bo
so, i have added a bunch of people to follow. going to step back and see what happens and think about things. will check in later.
New action plan: whenever in articulately upset, tweet "motherpussbucket!" until vague feeling of normalcy returns.
I'm sure there's a good historical explanation for why Astoria isn't a major west-coast city, but I sure don't know it.
"Fish discover water last!" - French Proverb
My home state is apparently AIDS, which I'm kind of baffled by.
Kim Jong Il loved American cinema so much that he thought it'd be fun to reenact Tommy Boy with his son.
lol maybe xD I'll check/look for them over the week end xD
What kinda crowd ? RT : soundbar, the shrine, privet....
what's up wizard?
« Damn mayweather need to get off the ropes»
My stupid foot problems have cost me a fortune. I just bought ANOTHER new pair of shoes to help recover. Nearly a grand down.
Thanks guys!
i love you too hunny <33 ": I LOVE <33"
who am i gonna hit now? lol
There's a conference in NY this year. Great place to learn more and to network.
Everytime I look in the fridge there's Indian food. Fuck that im going to taco bell now!
This hoe said she was gunna hit me! Haa! Hit me bitch & see what happens!
This extra day in February is perfect! Lots of sunshine and warmth! Happy Leap Day
Finally off wrk.
Listening to some #FleetWoodMac makes my day better.
I know!!!!! I didn't have to wait :D
Just got a load of yarn and fabric dropped on my doorstep. Thanks, kind friends that think of me when they purge.
When a bitch becomes good, evil is in progress ...
RT : Nuts-just nuts": GOP Sen De Kruif offers "Right to Work" amendment at new #Vikings stadium. #mnleg"
aw thats what i thought! bum ass
The legend grows... And provides inspiration for the Dunc Tank
ugghhh twitter was live but noww wa wa waaaaahhhh :( soo good bye
watch every game tomorrow with me yes? Skip class with a fever
Bc thats what I heard on the radio I think
rotation of less than three.
Hoping for 3 big soccer wins tomorrow! My two dots plus the Timbers!
Nice! RT Hey you! Yes you. It's Happy Hour at Ella. Get half off your G & T's and all other list handcrafted cocktails.
Don't let the geese bite xD ;)
Is Jessica Chastain trying to take the redhead role in Lari's Angels? Your move, Amy Adams
Just had the best time vocal coaching Kaylyn's daughter Kathryn for her audition for Footloose tomorrow. OMG she is adorable.
I am going to try that right now. Do they realize how few people use QR codes?
I hate girls that wear make up caked on their face shit is just not a gd look. Makes the best lookin bitch look so Damn ugly
where and what is this?
All this talk about being real , fake ,hoes and good girls. Like stfu ! Just do you stop being a fucken story teller. Being all dramatic.
Too many moving parts. Part of beauty of small sided games is more attention from coach.
Thanks for the #FOLLOW and
Un-Freaking-Believable!
Great seeing you last night...good feedback about the game.
Because ... no, actually, I can't help you there.
Which #BeastieBoys songs do you guys want on tomorrow's playlists, friends?
There are so many locks, &&not enough keys to open those locks
aw how cute :)
greatest facts I have ever read
At first, I got jealous. But then I realized, she's ugly.
Fuck man, I did not want to fall asleep. Now i'm going to be up all night....Smh
Artist come get your next music production done with #Unlevel DM or email for rates. We offer Mixing and Mastering Available..
The driver was just trying to give you some extra practice on busting through the defensive gaps. Next time try a spin.
I hope the drive home is better than the running around at lunch!
no, I didn't! Hope its better today! :(
The best way to kick off break is getting back a test and getting a 95. Spring break leggo
U think I real cuz u gotta pistol homie. Look pussy to me
"Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity."...
Specials Jan. 19-25....Chap Chae, Korean Rice Bowl
Thanks for following. Excited to share information with you!
...and it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Happy Friday.
no boo it's not raining over here yet :'(
I woke up with the Inspector Gadget theme song in my head.
You are most welcome :). It was a really, really good one.
A nigga just made it home and I gotta go to school hell nawl dat shyt aint fair a nigga tired as hell& it hurt when I walk cuz I been sitten
I been back for a year now chump
At ISP America: ubiquity equipment at 2.4 can use at 2.5. Finch says good money saver and big news
Dolis nowhere close to Izturis. Put the ball on a fucking tee.
Submitted my next to last graduate individual paper, AND THEN I HIT THAT DOUGIE
Thanks for fixing up the stats charts on our dashboard! Now if only AutoDJ can transition from track2track seamlessly...
No, haven't tried that. Actually, I wouldn't know where to start, much less know where to find a producer.
The tubes are clogged!
Oh that opera song brought tears to my eyes
Love it! I can't stop playing Wake Up! Y'all killed it on every track - incredible!!
But I don't think that's quite it; it's more like jazz
: Hilarious! I will try to get you your own notepad.
Old flames are never a good idea.
K.S.Rhoads: BEST ending of the day! #tedxnashville Definitely picking up his new record.
84 push ups, 99 squats, 239 crunches ...holy crap.
Haven't seen it. Now you have me curious.
... Purdue didn't help you do better handstands homie
#CityChase looks pretty awesome. Now...let the jokes fly freely. I'm ready.
There's no such thing as a "down ass bitch"
is about making public affairs reporting more efficient and modern, focused on accountability, methods and tools
Seeing the girls off to prom yesterday, just made me wanna relive that moment :)
its sad that he's gotten that bad but I think its sadder that the promoter actually used him in that condition
heey guys its ashley (:
I so wish I could go 2sleep WTF
That awkward moment when your girlfriends mom says she really liked her ex right infront of you...
you gotta show a little pink to make it in Hollywood. Haha
no doubt in my mind. I could name them al (:
RT Hey kids! Don't bother getting married, just find a woman you don't like and give her a house!
": The average man will spend a year of his life staring at women" GUESS I'M NOT AVERAGE
RT Sex ain't better than food
'Avengers' Surpasses $80 Million in North American Opening - Wall Street Journal
i made a pic look on my profile
This week has flown by
I was trying for about 20 seconds.. doesn't work! Lol
Time for one more moderately unappealing experience and then Denny's.
drake performance tonight can't waite
April Fools' Day is gone...don't confuse everybody!
Too funny! I've asked around, but nobody in my office has claimed it yet. =)
Have allergies? Spring in coming. Schedule an Appointment today.
The only man I need to be better than is the man I was yesterday. The only man I need to impress is the one in the mirror.
Yay! Those are the best! RT “: I wanna play drinkin games”
NO! stand by what you think.=)
If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.
Why cant people just except u for the way u r.....mom..... >:(
Wow, that really is a very on-target photo of Steiner...
This vegan lasagna with zucchini, eggplant, portabella mushrooms and asparagus and homemade marinara sauce is so good.
Dude, Outlook is SO MUCH better. Microsoft is forrealz when it says that.
Eating #thinmints feels like brushing your teeth
Was Gala and was reminded again why I love honoree
RT : Live with faith that what is possible will become real through the loving effort and energy you give to it.
Yes, Evan. She was chief of staff for Superintendent Lorenzo Garcia.
lol....Chels! She actually did better this year!
Hopefully I get to use my nationals broom today, been led on all season
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Great Mustard Relish 4 / 5 Stars | 1 Review by henriksmom "An easy blend of pickles, onions, and your favorite m
Jayne Appel some big boards, a couple of baskets and even a steal down the stretch for the Silver Stars.
they back on melo dick
Dave did you work for Bull Taco in Cardiff, and Blanca in Solana Beach?
I would ask a prof. writer at what point do they feel comfortable sharing their work, and doing a table read?
I'm so touched by all the love demonstrated today. Let's keep working to eliminate hate and intolerance throughout the world.
yea like if you showin a lil bit but if you rippin off your clothes then yea you doin too much lol
Election Day today to fill open seat in LA City Council 15th District (Harbor to Watts), replacing U.S. Rep. Janice Hahn. Don't forget!
My toenail just came off !!!!
THANKS! “: Congratulations to on their 50th anniversary! #ROC”
Merry Christmas
Being an elected official is easy. You're just a finger to press yeah or nay based on the majority opinion of the folks who elected you.
Playground with the nieces. Where do they get this energy from??? Beautiful to watch.
Hey, how's club Farenheit going
play more GNR shows in New York!
We removed an old bird nest from an attic yesterday. YUCK! Check your roof vents for holes. Contact us if you need help. Happy to help!
We need an insurance goal. My heart can't take much more.
better than ray's hell burger? lemme know.
Why this nigga breakin my boo heart. S/O TO alyssa jack. One mo again
And most of all I appericate my mom :)
Jonah Lehrer's talk will be reviewed by in the Dallas Observer on Monday. You missed a good one.
Good Morning and Fuck Clone Clown!!
U got friends I dnt I'm losing all of them! x(
Do-do-do… just checkin’ my 401k… la-la-la… entering my password now….hmm-hmm-hmm… *click* … … … AH!
I'd like to see Lakers use Ebanks on Durant like they did when MWP got ejected and put MWP on Westbrook. Mike Brown needs to be creative
French Strawberry Pies on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our homemade White Chocolate Ice Cream. Yum!
Mocha Java Coffee Scrub. Indulge in this chocolate skin treat infused w/ mocha coffee & super moisturizing coconut oils.
Wow. There's a drunk guy here at this restaurant and the owner is driving him home rather than allowing him to drive. So awesome.
Please #IUPUI, more coffee venders on campus for those all day classes.
I get so sad when people unfollow me :(
hahaha dang it! :P why do I have to be so adorable?! And I'll check when I can lol
If looks kill, I'll take our secrets to tha grave.
"She was one of those really pretty girls who guys were afraid to talk to." -boy I went to hs with when asked if he remembered me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Is it harder to potty train girls or boys?
Hey girls, what runs have you signed up for?
I knw that is right congrads on that.....
Thank you! Happy Friday!
Thanks for all the retweets!! I'll keep digging up fun stuff to post for you too.. :-)
i'm being semi-facetious... i didn't learn to ride a bike til 23 (tho to be fair, i didn't drive legally til 19 either, heh)
stop coding. Lets hang out soon! :)
u totally will! I've often said ur a good catch! So somebody's gonna pitch it to u right sooner or later! ;)
Strength and honor
How are you all today? xx
Percy is doing a lot better today. He's FINALLY drinking without a syringe and he's eating on his own. I'm slowly feeling relief.
I'll guess you'll find out tomorrow! Sounds like y'all had fun!
AND Drake is coming June 2nd
well that's how celebrities manage their lives and career at the same time.. got to learn from them..
was there any doubt? We take pie very seriously! :) Happy Thanksgiving!
Monsieur Cobweb, good monsieur, get your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle...
There is a reason why "gay" is widely used as a metaphor for "wrong"...
Where's Sushi @?
what an adorable little guy!!
you hit nail on the head, but PC said it out of nowhere with no context & I thought he was eluding to the song we working
I can't wait till my baby Is here <3333 #excited mommy
Morning Loves
"Happiness is right in front of you"…. yea the Internet!
Helped an old Indian couple move their Van that had broken down on Irving on to Ravenswood today .
Libraries providing spaces for curiosity, collaboration and compassion
The guy at Pizza Pros called me "Miss Ratio" - Love it.
Gold is gaining - look at GLD I got in $89 - it is now $119 will hit $200 not too late to make some money. Cheaper gold play is NG $6.64
Follow insane workouts with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Hairston is killing the
YES! I would also like you to come to our holiday party and act out the dog's part while your mom does the trad. retelling...
Making the news like this is low and cheap
loopa.. Did u mean loop or loompa from a chocolate factory??
Thanks to and for my set last nite at Flappers Burbank. Highlight video of the Doosh rockin it tomorrow
All MJ FANS FOLLOW ME. Im new to twitter and am holding a toy drive in his honor. Thanking you in advance.God bless
I just realized… Nobody's cooking...
Im on one
Going to watch some taekwondo black belts do their thing this afternoon.
she left if like a whole different outfit hahahahahah without her shoes too.
Thank you, dear!
Time to go into hibernation for a while so I hopefully feel better!
Go Bayern Munich- HUGE game starting now!!
I'm out to lunch have my assistant take my calls. #BossingIt lol ima dumb ass
Okay so I feel like such a hypacrite. i am a hypacrite. ugh is that even how you spell it idgaf.
FB needs to chill out for a day please.
How fun to get so many messages, til I found out why. Sorry all! I'm fixing it, tnx for telling me, I wouldn't send those thongs...things :)
just had a crazy idea: ALA Anaheim. It's like a crazy Epcot Center for librarians. My heart is racing.
rip #chuckcolson < - a beacon of light to the world
Do you believe in love at 1st site or should I walk by again…?
EXACTLY. If I really care, I'll just go to the site and find the article.
Woke up with a nasty headache /:
Alexander from the art institute of san fran wants me. Bitch won't stop calling me.
Lunch time with co-workers!
Living with allergies suck. I HATE THIS. Can't have coffee cause it has nuts in it </3
straight up cried and snitch smh
Eager to learn ballroom & ballet in just 1 day? At the Day of Dance, Rachel shows us we can have fun & stay heart healthy. (3/20/10) @ 5:30
chase looks like Justin bieber haha
I really try to like people, but seriously they are so effin stupid
135 miles to
Happy first day of winter!
thank you Ronda. You are so awesome.
"One thing have I desired of the LORD. That will I seek after...to behold the beauty of the LORD."~Psalm 27:4
Nice to meet you. :)
The procedure will be blamed, but the procedure is not the problem.
False: The Penguin.
"RT: Politics: Clever men use right words to hide their wrong hearts."
great senior photos today!!
just woke up.....horny.......the usual..lol
Hello Follow Friday! Follow SPI for a study abroad experience of a lifetime!
the little red desk is coming to work with us tomorrow, tell your little guy. :)
I think needs to try
Hunter Hayes <3
Believe first that nothing is too hard for God and then watch how He changes your perspective! He's the incredible God of impossibilities!
If it ain't about money, why we
because these days can erase something i never saw. this is my "yolo"
Had a brilliantly comic insight about #IRENE but the power flickered just as I was about to send it. Somehow seems less relevant now...
When my mom buys the stuff i dont like at the store<<
Maybe the Coyotes needed me out of the building to win in the playoffs.
RT : thought leaders from finance world
Tami Keeling, president: I specifically asked that we do not mention parent's names.
I can't believe after just getting my phone back , I left it at my dads house -_- blaaahhh
Oregon Ducks.
Re: bit.ly/pzgHU2 Bubble not limited to online info & probably built upon a lattice of our core beliefs.
Justice delayed, is justice denied.
right on, good to hear
silly spot for such a joyful yet intense journey of soulmate-finding
the financial markets and in many of the world's economies. However, the uncertainty will inevitably affect you,
hey I watch your show a lot especially the one when dia was trying to get a weave!!that was 2 funny!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
omg I just ran into Sammy who had that :)
It is the wildcats vs the run devils this morning at the turkey bowl
Derrick just hit it on the hehead. Scotty mad for commenting by Denny and he is doing the same thing.
Watching USA play Guatemala in a World Cup Qualifier on ESPNC. US already quantified for final qualification round.
Had a wonderful business meeting today... I'm excited for all the new big things popping.
I made myself a Planters Punch last night. Made my own pineapple orange juice for it.
Are there testing frameworks for Coldfusion other than CFUnit?
I love you Molly!!
great im so reading
agreed - I was surprised at amount of pundits who think Dalton hurts Ds chances. He knows what he's doing.
laying on my grass doing my comp&lit homework .. I feel like such a hippie <U+270C>
To all the #dcedu folks: break a leg with your pitches. So bummed I can't make it on account of planning/grading for this week.
#Dallas United we win! Divided we crumble.
People are still willing to do an honest days work, trouble is they want a weeks pay for doing it. ~ Joey Adams
I am burning up in Angel Fire.
"And now, I miss everything about you, cant beleive that I still want you, after all the things we've been through."
MT #Preds are 5-0 when scoring first, 0-4 when giving up the first goal.
service credit union
is rather behind on all things Pitt. Oops.
Love BBQ sandwiches!
I have had the worst day of my life
we gonna see who the fuck nigga is tho! Watch!
All a dis come in like its a dream
No, I am a man. I can shut my brain down by command...ah SportsCenter,,,Later...
oh, those gremlins are evil little buggers. #accuweather ;)
S/O to all my new and old followers.. Now let's keep it real and follow me on instagram I will make the follow back instantly!!
do u go church nw dayz.
THATS BIG BRO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY EVERYONE!!! THIS GOES OUT TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO TAKE CARE OF THEIR SEEDS. WE TRULY APPRECIATE YOU!!!
Oh shxt I'm #Winning haha!
Signs it's time to move to a new building: Passed a guy on the stairs that smelled like an Ambercrombie & Fitch
Taylor swift on punkd is great
Tonight on 10 A yr. after historic floods nearly wiped out Brew-fest, it's back on tap, but just barely, plus t-storms tonight!
and We love Versailles !!!
#swag if I was yo boyfrann id never letcha go
I was abused... By a 12 year old girl.
This is true.
thank u! I need all the inspiration and new ideas I can get! I'll let u know how it turns out ;)
I care not! Haha
As sees it, they expect: self-service, customization, velocity, resilience, and ease.
Anyone have any questions about us?:)
Idk Why But I Found It Weird How Chachi Was At The Vma's Yesterday AND In A MINI Skirt ! Like I Know It Was Part Of The Dance.But Just Weird
u do what u r told. Lol.
Today's BTU inspiration: "It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." ~J.K. Rowling
hmm looking for an iphone or droid for verizon.... anyone?
making ribs sourcream and chives potatoes with creamy chicken noodles while rocking out to
Drop everything now. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk. Take away the pain.
thanks Wayne! “: that's phat!”
Maurice Chevalier~ Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Our twitter hotline is open the same hours as our phone hotline (1-888-VOTE-SMART) 8-5 Mtn Time. Tweet us your zip and find out your reps.
Are you kidding me? They're saying she didn't do good this time. She slayed that. She's so original.
Watching raw and rangers baseball.. GO CRUZ...
wordpress or blogger-what do you prefer and why?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Bob Brenly: Punchy
we missed your tweet. Will you be anywhere this evening?
www.Platinumposts.com Support us!
Happy Friday folks! Who's going to All-Bal in Cleveland this year?
The prerequisite for getting on the show Bachelor should be to go on Tough Love. Them ppl never stay 2gether cause they have issues.
Why is Sonic the Hedgehog music playing in Einstein's Bagels?
It was funny! RT : haha then at lunch xD
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Broccoli and Tortilla. Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Awesome! Hope you enjoy it!
Heard on the radio this AM that kids are drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk. It's not more potent but easier to get. Really??
I've lost track of the expectations primary in the past 24 hours. If Romney wins MI is that counting as a win or a loss?
pumped for your gig tomorrow?? I am!!! See you there! xx
: I can go whenever... they have day/night classes... I'll send you a message on Yelp w/ the current days/times. Yay!
The important thing is that YOU aren't working this week.
Nothing to start off the week like prepping for an 8:30 meeting only to realize it starts at 9:00.
Research shows that only about 70% of businesses will last for 2 years; within 5 years, half of them will have folded.
Business trip done! Released.
are you tired of read lovely mentions of your fans? I just can say: much love from Spain <U+2665>
What is your favorite quality in a leader?
are you coming to our formal?
for my vote.
haha great not listening to what the doctor said
LA vs. LA tonight ! Lakers gettin a beat down !
I keep trying to remind myself that discourage is a form of laziness...and the job hunt continues.
Just finished reading the Hunger Games. MUST. READ. CATCHING. FIRE. NAOW.
yea thats what I meant I don't get paid till the end of the month again
tonight with holdin down the beats!
Going to the canal.
Is it a jar, an attribute of Mary Magdelene?
Hey Friends, are starting a twitter party now...come join! #mdparty :)
I'd forget someone, and it would be this big to-do, and then people would start fighting ... complete chaos
Interesting. There's an app called 'Everyday' where you can take a picture of yourself once a day. See how you change over the years.
Medicine dynamic since much is uncertain or will be proved incorrect, including guidelines. Variation = quality, often.
Is there a time/place I can pickup a stack of program guides for 20 students?
aw that's when you say f. It and go shoppin mama!
nah straight up chocolate chip Pete.
congrats to my lady wildcats....im so proud of u guys...MUCH LOVE
did you get a chance to ship it?
It will just be me at MW this year. We are both going to AAM and doing a panel 2 weeks later. Busy times!
I can't shake you off of me and I can't be here to say that you should be next to me.<3
": Back at my former college Ohio U. Anchoring the noon news. Life has come full circle."> show em how the big boys do it :-)
Life isnt so bad! Listening to Say Anything, cleaning, prepping for garage sale Friday
2nd and 14 and Lions run up the middle?
your welcome
even for someone w/a disdain for TV, that's a must-checkout show.
ugh I know right!!! So frustrating -- I woke up at 11:30 and was like what the hell... Already?!
Saint Louis Michigan State draws within 51-55 with 2:45 left.
Louis Vuitton Condoms for $68 ... Stupid idea who would buy that ... are they reuseable or something
LOVE this rainy Sunday...inside with my hubby, where it's comfy, warm and dry! :)
The talk about the Jets using Tebow for more 2 point conversion attempts is a great idea...Eagles and Panthers should do the same thing
someone else smacked down Fifty Shades last wk, a writer I respect. She said it glorified sex for control/manip reasons
Every time I go to a green house, I realize just how much of a non-flower person I am. They're pretty & all, but not for me.
Ditto! RT : Looking forward to dinner tonight with and !
Always think quick on your feet
Hi Twitter! =)
Up to 3rd grade #children learn to read & after read to learn. What if a child gets behind b/c of #homelessness, then what? HCEF
its like wat is there to do nowadays????
#Madonna tells her fans they should "save all year to attend her concert" I'd rather burn my money after that show.
Cat daddy
Join and TOMORROW 4/23 at 3 PM EST for #CommsChat! Topic is "Making the Business Case for Diversity"
School administers in sw las vegas warn parents about man trying to lure kids in car. Story at 10 & 11.
Good afternoon everyone! Hope your day is blessed.
-___- ill kill y'all. lol
Going mountain biking today at the Boneyard! :D
#blackParentsQuotes black?? This sounds like my parents Jesus...
our tech librarian does.
Thanks, Gemma. My email is: .edu
Follow me please it will make my day (: and yours...I luv u
pass her around!
we arme still here and will send out to a few.
Big zippers on the wall? Makes me wonder what type of hotel you're staying at.. (Just sayin').
say i'm really attracted to somebody but he won't give me a chance because he's famous. Got any advice?
Exciting News Coming Soon!
Cali. Im moving to Arizona tho :o
"Land of the free and home of the bra!"
This was not a good week or week-end for me:'( its been like the worst ever! Cried all week. I want my Egyptian true friends:(
why are you so amazing? Huh?
#WoodfordWednesday has turned into sitting in a Saturn jammin out to
FINAL FOUR FINAL SCORE: Kansas 64, Ohio State 62
That is awesome news! I'm so proud of you.
We need to consult and advocate on data with researchers.
"hey, Sara. I'm not going to be a sassy pants anymore, ok?" - little niece · also, totally ok.
Good luck! RT : So excited to be giving a speech tonight at the donors recognition dinner at
cinderella team is gonna surprise some people. I hope : )
Cross my fingers.
Hey, Monika. Saw you tweeting about Pinterest analytics. Are you seeking it for a brand you're working w/ or personal use?
Selling tickets right now for the #BCSBlockparty at downtown for $30! Save some money &get them early!!
Lol Justin bored sl right now!
The 365.52.12 Project (music every day, a new song each week) is well underway. Song #1 just completed. Blog (with songs) to follow. FUN!
I thought the same thing. But I'm guessing neither party is going to miss the fundraising potential of
But yes, always interesting to consider lang. choices: to use their terms or ours, & reclassifying to reclaim!
loving this book, now to come up with a unique & delicious recipe
thank you for the follow, we love Big Bear Resort, you guys rock!
It's great!
What time do you play on Monday night?
Ha John Noble is trending and all the porno Twitter accounts are now picking up and spamming with his name
We are very grateful to have so many people to thank. Christina Kara, Ashley Kohman, + everyone out there, we couldn't do this without you!
Rushing: options should come from everyone, we all have to be patient in planning
Nice diving catch by Shantz! He definitely gets extra credit for that one. 2 down.
haha of course! we'll make sure to get enough videos and post them.
Matt Kirschenbaum on history of word processing in lit history like digital archeology
Rich Cordray of encouraging states, feds to work together to curb abusive debt collection tactics by repeat offenders
you showed up on a YouTube add today. Happy Birthday, by the way!
Getting my hair layered!!!!!!! Finally!
2700 arrests over 10 years for the 54 most problematic drug dealers and criminals at the 3rd and Pike beat
The end of nonfiction. writes
Can I use my Bleacher Nation SN RonSantosLegs for the Game Day Thread? Can't seem to log in on that part of the site.
Just cracked the back of my phone.. Fml lol
Making a fire, and reading some...
: Toughen up, chump!
is there anyway i could meet 1D this month in NYC? i really really really would love if you could tell mee <3
take a shot every time a player on the heat flops, that's a drinking game that would get everyone fucked up
of course I'm kidding about that last tweet...
No wait false alarm damnit
Scott County school's are on a 2-hour delay for Tuesday.
There are many things in this world that I like too much. Maybe one day I'll tell you what they are.
Not in the conversation. RT : Will be asked on SportsCenter where Rivera is ranked all-time among Ps -- not just relievers.
I love Pres. Obama's ears. Big ears is a strong trait in my family.
Guys: No shirt, no service.. Girls: No shirt, no charge!
you are beautiful
Free shirt? Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
Bus 49 used to be so live!!! Lol
I've gotten that same response from so many people lol
April fools girl lmao i'm sorry
SR 50, closed this morning because of smoke and visibility issues, is back open in the Christmas area.
A cardio workout is not that involuntary grunt you make as you get up off the couch to get another Mountain Dew and Reese's cup.
“The best color in the whole world, is the one that looks good, on you!” -Coco Chanel
Join 3GNY for a cocktail party Weds. 1/27, 7 pm at 49 Grove, launching our education initiative "WEDU." Learn more @ www.3GNewYork.org
Bring on the game! I'm ready to cheer on my homeland. If the Cards can't beat 'em, might as well join 'em!
m death by cell biology is just about the worst next to accounting xD
"I have unfinished business to complete at Oregon" -CK
In the money - guaranteed $6665. Pretty short stacked though @ 108k. Avg is 298k. Blinds are 4k-8k. Let's run good after dinner break!
If you love me why dont you tell me the truth
Pedicure or oil change? Hm...I choose pedicure! Yes!:)
Definitely don't wanna do my hair, but it'll still be better than wearing it curly tomorrow.
Now that the semester's over, I can finally plan my Kalamazoo #ICMS schedule. So far, Friday 10am is a killer. Time-turner to spare, anyone?
is Daft Punk Radio on Pandora.
how can you question my fancy dancyness? I am appalled. I wish! I got cold/flu, idk
Ooh, lucky you, Ms. VIP!!!
Strike one!
i miss you already babe :/ i had am amazing early christmas with you, i love you so much :)
when the hell did being a virgin become a bad thing
infinite quests
for some candidates it seems to be "i have a collection of american cars that people drive me around in!" :P
I was Bacon and Constitution, about 1/2 a block from there, so probably the same little guy. he took off headed that way
*~ *cough* i already new dat cuz im me~*
It's important to break a mental sweat too.
Fair enough. You know I'll be ready!
if you need a hand with any of it let me know!
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 13!!!!!! moving on up!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out SO SPECTACULAR BT Lyrical Trilogy...
Thanks for the #FF!
are you home for the summer??
!!!!!!!!!! RT : You got wifey at home crying but you making all the hoes happy you fu%kn up!
Good question. Don't remember. Was something talked abt in a special. RT is that a genetic or environmental result?
Spent all day reading the excellent The Summer Tree by Guy Gavriel Kay & now I have that warm, sated feeling. All readers know the one.
I'll be covering the Legislature in Boise for the AP a week from today, though I'll be keeping tabs on all the goings on in Wisco :)
I'm thankful I spent most of my day with my Mother now on my way to Bmore! Is gonna be a good day and night !
Hello divine master of befuddlement.
People at my school act like I'm the only teenager that fangirls over Justin Bieber. Heellllloooo there's 22 million of us.
they have drive ins at WW
feel better! :D
RT will you guys be coming to south florida by any chance? Ive missed you guys. Last time i saw you was at new vision! :'(
Novel. discusses how not talking about her company makes people like the
So excited to help! Thank you so much. :)
you'll do great!!!
When deeds speak, words are nothing. Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
thank you! That's always good to hear on a Monday morning!
This tree is drunk
I refuse to get excited about Justin & Selena breaking up till its on E!. When it's on E!, it's true.
Point em out! RT : ... we coming for that bitch. SQUAD UP!!!
Have you tried the #FlourShop on Main Street? Gr8 coffee. #local RT : Penn Yan should really consider building a Starbucks
Lord...I have chills thinking about lyrics!! my Lord!!
RT : "Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall." – Confucius
Rise & Shine! 6:30AM Lavish #breakfastbuffet that features omelets & waffles made to order, Pancakes, French Toast & Potatoes!
boy your wish is my command <U+2665>
We agree! "Grungekids" on Pioneer Square (our Rockefeller Plaza) do this with hackysacks daily up/down the steps near waterfall
I'm on a boat. I'm on a boat. Everybody look at me I'm on a boat.
oh I'm so much an introvert :) i just try hard to put myself out there
I'm addicted to the music!!
follow my business page
Making some banana yogurt pancakes yum
Whatever the mind of man can conceive. It can achieve! “: Stay humble... Stay hungry!!! #MOAM”
just had a great phone chat w , i'm looking forward to the possibilities of where everything #km related can go!
what did I do now?:)
SO MANY. I also had no idea until I used Pinterest that Lauren Conrad is like a folk hero to the beauty-obsessed.
: Hi Julia -- I'm trying to understand better how Sulia works and want to discuss ways we could work together. DM me?
off to dreamland
I'd feel naked if I cut my hair...
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect.
Wait what?! DUDE! HOW AWESOME!!!!! We must do a group dinner and I demand to be filled in.
I can't be thrilled if I'm a #Dolphins fan and we took Tannehill. Too big of a question mark with a Top 10 pick if you ask me.
sending your whole little family lots of love and well wishes for Marvin :(
Worth every penny. RT It cost Mad Men $250,000 to play that Beatles song at the end of Sunday's episode.
Oh just wording with friends
Lovely new years day looking at the eagles around Coeur d'Alene lake!
RT : Q2 did you have prior experience with terrestrial radio? Where/what did you do?
I've itchin and a twitchin just can't wait to get there and show off a few of my new songs. I hope to be heading south soon
follow back plz:)
hahaha what? lo Que me espera :-)
I hate that slutty bitch
I followed her!!!!!
haha we got "good to be bad" on iTunes and stuff on the YouTube channel!
Don't pop it up.
My immortal
you know what you said and nothing has changed.
Whenever I work out I put a sticker of a at on the calendar. Apparently that's all that it really takes to get me motivated...
If U Love #Israel Like We Love Israel, Be A Part Of Securing The #Jewish #Homeland FOREVER!! Join Us!!
Second, to me $70,000 a year is really not a lot of money, in my book.
I'm back twitter
haha only problem is turning papers in IS getting me paid lol
Hope everyone had a great THanksgiving!
just blow this game
But it's almost as good for you! Nothing more tiring than a tired kid!! Go enjoy a frosty May morning!
Then he robbed his HS team by accepting illegal benefits. And they way he left Cleveland was childish and primmadonnaish.
Because We love U
austin this video is amazing your amazing and I love you a lot <U+2665>x
What's a good Wordpress Theme? Something professional, yet still keeps its pimp hand strong.
so. dog? yes? no? tell me about why i should or shouldn't adopt a dog.
Enjoying the first day of #caworld in Las Vegas. Just finished getting a demo of the new Product Portfolio Management v13, slick new look!
haha I am though, that's my new startups cofounder plus he's an awesome guy...so I sending over full on awesomeness
I must be dreaming in HD again because it's way to early to be this awake
Now I remember... I should never allow premature joy for the Red Sox...Lost to Detroit. Good ol Sox
long nites and hard work. dats my life...
Last Nights Flavor Changing on Ice dinner at was a success. Don't miss the next one happening on December 7th
Trying to using new iPad as hot plate for my coffee but not working as well as advertised. Considering a return.
SURF: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 5 ft.
hi. I exist.
YES! (But we do LibQual+, so "good prizes" is our only chance.) RT : Q2 Keep the surveys SHORT!
Spring leagues now forming at Bowl-A-Roll Lanes for May.
Reason #1 to skip gym. It's fng cold outside and Star Wars is on. I guess that makes 2 reasons.
#yoghourt and #movie with hubby
Trying to rationalize buying a new pair of sneakers with "it'll make me go to the gym more" there's only a 50% chance this is actually true
Wow, some deeps tweets today... quick tweet me something funny and cute! ;)
The Ox goes to ground rather easily. Barely touched. Getting bored of all this.
The gatekeepers may act like they got keys...but the gates are now unlocked...walk on past them....
Watching Andy Goodman share about storytelling at the Cause Conference
Chris: It's hard out there because of the economy; don't know how it will affect the profession
Tell your friends about us and we will tell ours about you! win/win situation. -The TV.
This is the hardest 4-0 lead I've ever watched
is super nice! Thanks for making me feel better!
Cheerios ahh i get it, Cheery- o's! AH!
i loved every minute of it
Friendlys with my dad, grandma, and uncle. Them 's house for her birthday ~
true story. Can I bring you lunch sometime??
Fill in the Blank: This weekend, I'm going to_____________ via
Brain dead @ work…
It's been a year since Bin Laden started his tour of the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Chadwick Struck will be joining our reel camp this week! So exciting!!!
Gold Digger is another term for "smart hooker"
What's Facebook?
Then again, if I wore a monocle, I would probably develop a perpetual twitch. Surely that would seal my fate as a mad librarian.
Have a bday coming up & want to celebrate at some of the hottest clubs in VA or DC email full name & number to
the rest of your "boy band" (haha) need to get twitters! I wanna follow & tag them too!
Shockingly, 6,496 wines scored 90+. That's 47.9%. No wonder wineries hurt if they don't hit that magic number.
whats life without love? Give a damn. Do something.
Thanks - it was great fun! BTW, which version did each of the winners make?
wow its pretty good i love him
Is Lyrically the hottest rapper out
Thankful for a rainy morning, coffee, and the back porch.
Go Blues! RT : blues fans down here...
My morning just keeps getting better and better :)
PerfectDisk will defrag and optimize, including optimizing SSDs and virtual environments.
Nielsen Finds U.S. Hispanics Tops In Mobile, Social Activity
I pray that the man above watch over me my family and friends everyday I know he won't put more on me then I can't bear
Do it!!!! Enjoy the flight, experience, the blessing.
oh dear lord Naomi.... haha
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation...they had 2 others on there, but not that one, which is really on my small repeat list
...also way too soon to give up on Manny Parra, see Jorge de La Rosa who has gotten much better later in his career
Merry Christmas!!!! I LOVE YOU ALL HAVE A HAPPY HOLIDAY!!!
Cut the im out of impossible, leading that dynamic word standing out free and clear-possible. -Norman Vincent Peale
I have a 7am lobby call so don't want to travel out of area tonight. I'm sure tomorrow night will be awesome.
Yes, ma'am. I shall. (and I want free bbq, too.)
When is the next tome the trucks will be heading to the northside for lunch?
why so many twitter names? Lol
"We are all one family." Lillian Wald, public nurse
Didn't know you had a new gig. Congrats!
"chicle" to this day remains the word for "gum" in Spanish!
Mayweather getting his ass kicked in may!
speechless... But impressed!
Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person
Izturis has been bad in the field. Error last night and two today. C'mon Cesar!
That vacation was too quick. I need a replay.
Some of San Diego's best local music: Support local music!
I get free lunch every day! And there are game rooms for break times! And I might actually like the work/my coworkers! :O
Yeah, I already figured out where you were ;). I'm a social drinker too - but go hat or go home, right? Lol
Google Calendar API: pinned to the mat. One more API thing left to do and then it's time to rock and roll.
you are a class act. Your kindness and intelligence are admirable. Great example!! Thanks!
Once you have the title and the data, the paper virtually writes itself!
Burn another one, roll another one.
Stop Typing In All Caps And Learn How To Spell. Blowin' Up My Timeline. Not Sayin' Shit Either.
Small children love Hooters!
Mentally exhausted
Faded with and niggaa jus turned 18 and can't hang lmfao BITCH MADE
Shout out to our 200th follower. Thanks. You Rock!!!!!
I'll be there! Looking forward to it!
Yeeeeaaaaaa... real R&B. That's what I'm talkin bout.
Bennett: Districts are being brought to the brink by the state and its ironic that if state pushes you over brink, it then takes over.
I think i am going to order pizza
Except it's not mediocre, and it's not over: Fox gave it another season.
Last full day class session of #HCLA is this week. I can't believe graduation is next month.
i love #Christmas O_o
Thanks, Claire! Got a Kindle today and it was my 1st download. Happy Mother's Day right back!
i hate chicago policeman
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ??..Please come here in Bosnia or Croatia :)
Thou shall not waste a single drop
Thanks, Amy! :) Happy Friday to you too!
Get your business a FREE directory listing on www.MyBizXchange.com!
Mostly. But I swear by the neti pot. Ask me about YOGA FIRE
Happy Birthday Gaga!
My Whole Weeknd Been Shitty Since Thursday Night
me too bitch
LOL, why do I get such violent story ideas whenever I go running?
I LOVE YOU PLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSS FOLLOW ME ANSWER!!!!!!!!111
There do seem to be a ton of recipes aimed at doing everything to mask the flavor of liver, if you're into that sort of thing.
Enjoying a quiet Friday night in with and our kitties!
Count me in, kids.
I wholeheartedly agree! :)
. hahahahaha I was thinking the same thing
February basically sucks all these girls with their boyfriend flaunting them around and the whole month is all lovey dovey
First day I hear birds chirping outside...they are probably pissed about this snow. Anyways spring is on its way ;)
I think it's nice that Wacka Flocka actually shows up for class at
love it :)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's
cool(: im watchin watever this show is on MTV
The Hobbit is good but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
At Peter Norton Space NYC, watching Happy Hour Play. Watching performance of friend Actor/Speech coach Amanda Quaid.
thEndUsr podcast will be postponed until Wednesday this week due to two finals tommorow wish him luck!
And we will always support you every single day<3 :) LOVEYOUCODY :)
I wonder if we will have school tomorrow ?
Apparrently Paul Masvidal from Cynic is now dubbed Paul Massiveballs.
Will I be able to get any work done tonight? Baby says no.
Great movie!!
I wrestle 52 weeks of the year, ready for a break hahaha! But still love it!
go to work in a little blah but atleast i get to work with my bff and before i leave watchin on livechat luv u ryan xoxo
I just watch Netflix lol
thanks for the follow! :) if you are ever in need of some a fantastic headshots let me know.
The open road.
One of my clients, a young man named Trenton, 10 years old or so, just booked a role on a new TV show. Congratulations Trenton!
anything for a butt scratch and a biscuit.
save the date may 18th!!
When I reported Vince McMahon was on a Twitter kick I never knew it'd be the new focal point
Hey, Did you create the Detroit Directioners FB Friend Request page?
Shannahan would ruin Wilson
If you don't know what you want, I don't want you. ;-)
...Going back to bed
Now you, still speak of day old hate. Though your whole world has gone up into flames. And isn't it great to find youre really worth nothing
Again just ask for The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio. the ISBN nUMBER IS 978-1-4535-0820-6 thats for the soft cover
my fault i for got man i got yall niggas real shit
"I think personal bloggers tend to be under presented at WordCamps.
that's why I drink nothing but Cupcake!
That's not funny :'( I like how you on twitter but can't text me back. OH.
Let's do this!
What an <ahem>interesting St Paddy's Day #DCDrinkUp. You sure missed some awesome people if you weren't there. Mayhem had by all!
Dell's GUI bios is a PIA and pretty much sucks to deal with over idrac
#Capricorn MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Jordan Sparks said how cn she breathe with no air..well im sayin how cn u smoke wit no weed
It makes me happy to know that players hang out outside of training and games.
These girls these days growing up to fast , they mamas let them do anything
Attending the #BridalBazaar this weekend? Booth #304 offering $1000 Off room rental at
Awesome, thanks. He's almost 2 now and says "Robson" when he sees your #Spurs picture on the wall in his playroom.
Loves it when punters who talk during a gig are amazed when you ask them not to, and loves it even more when they want to hang out after!
Think Like A Man was AWESOME!!! All of the acting was great. KH did his thang!
*2 eye wink!*
Yep Good Night Bye Bye 8)
today was pretty good(:
Well... There's a Bootie LA on my birthday... Fate?? I think so!! :April 7... My troops invade!!
who should be the next XPOZ beauty
Hello brother!
Hooray for the small victories: might break 400 hits today ;) http:/thetvk.tumblr.com
hey Brent!!! Hope your day is great to!!! As always...you rock!!! :)
Jude is playing Madden on the Wii. He wants to be the Broncos. Jeez!
Spoke with 10 detainees at mira Loma... exhausted but happy.
I'm in love witth my bed but my wake is jealous :P
It's not a saying, it's law. An estate doesn't have standing to sue for libel on behalf of a dead person.
The old Vermes is back...hope the 7-0 one comes back soon.
#Actors - Want an easy way to stay sharp? Train with your iPhone using action-playing & repetition exercises, try free in the Actsophia app!
Back at it!
sounds like a deal. coffee's on me :)
Our "Superbowl Giants" Special is in full swing. Don't forget to wear your Giants gear when you come in for your treatment!...~Linda :o)
Time to show them my value
O good luck!! Red always works (agreed ) or a nice light pink since we are heading into warmer weather!
gotta get that protein.
Its so sad not speaking to you, but I care enough to understand about what ya schedule is, I want her..NO!! ... I NEED HER!!
Where were you paddle boarding?
lol..back to normal now. I have been babysitting grandson during 13 hr night shifts all weekend. Routine was disrupted. lol.
It hurts to see you hanging out with other girls. :(
And doing it well. RT : You're too kind. Just doing God's work. :)
thanks for tweeting about our Pajama Game deal!
If anything you're working for is tough, then it's worth it.
This smoke alarm won't stop beeping. Can't find where its coming from.
back from first day of ski in Squaw Valley, Lake Tahoe
is my favorite band because...oops i will exceed my tweeting limit
It was a blast!
I enjoy her as an artist but she's so desperate to be iconic her act already feels old.
Haha you would. I won't be angry with you, but I can't promise judgement won't be passed...
Nobody even understands Max B, you need to stop... please
She is my everything! I cant wait to see her tomorrow! (:
I just asked Megan about the boat and she said you never told her about it?
It appears the cat dislikes my new aromatherapy oils.
Well, the cookie bars look good, but I think I'm going to *have* to taste them before sharing them with work. It's my duty.
AS YOU SHOULD BE RT : yes! I'm jealous! Lol
Our Development Director agrees! :)
wassup man? Any good hip hop spots in LA?
Excited for Sporting KC today!
great song! Proud to play it.
127 hours is awesome even with the horrific arm cutting off scene - loved it
At the rate this cold is hanging out in my body, I'm pretty sure I could still be sick for 's wedding! YIKES! I hope not!
I'm always late for work. So today I tried to be an hour early....and I was finally on time. Ha
Seriously how stressful it must have been micromanaging the raising of your kids via the help? Happy Mothers Day
ABX serves breakfast from 7 - 10:30 a.m.! Come in and try our Breakfast Burrito, SmokeHouse Sandwich or ABX Cakes!
What inspires you to eat healthy and exercise?
San Francisco's Blue Rabbit covers PIXIES "Hey" w/violin, harp, 3 foxy vox and more: bit.ly/n4QamH
80's classic #JOHNWAITE is in the house Tonight!!! We've been #MissingYou welcome to
Whitney Houston is haunting the red carpet in a see through dress by Versace.
Because if you don’t, it will be much more difficult to do anything for anyone else.”<U+2015>Jason Moskovitz
went to refill my drink of water in the kitchen, only to leave the drink in the kitchen and sit back at the computer. wow...
. knows all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song.
Already there. Pull up a chair.
- Well, it is my belief that adaptability of the brain is a function of the learning that had taken place.
#hungergames #JenniferLawrence Great movie, check it out. Better to pay than play on the down low. All the way. Riverboys
is it true about hogan and beefcake!!
RT : ERR announces 2012 social media challenge! tweet using #abalel or post to ERR's linkedin group.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. - Laurence J. Peter
ABC NEWS WAS THE LOSER IN THIS HORRIBLE DEBATE
At #Noodles, sitting next to some chick detailing her failing relationship to her Dad.
wait the clippers won?
pshh been watchin the knicks since day 1. jus no reason to post statuses about their awful play the last decade.
Van ran off road, knocked a sign down and hit that bar code place on boston street and leakin.
llab I had to try this shit out again....Facebook turning into myspace
so good!
I just copied it from Someone else.
Hey #orlando should we go to mark's caribbean tonight?
No problem will do :) Keep sending your events our way
RT : So glad to have you following--we'd love your residents to know that they are welcome to get away at...
Hip Hop Lives
Reading a book by "All That is Bitter & Sweet." It is captivating and inspirational.
Been a little too wet around here lately.
no, I like the idea though it maybe difficult to implement at times
Red watch wit the red chain, my diamonds on their period.
Don't tease me like that... I need my #faceoff ! I need it bad
Yeah I enjoyed warped last year
our first arguement, great ..
So sore. Too much gay sex- I mean, fighting, working out, and other manly things.
Big 3 go for 30-10 each and still only beat the average at best Rockets by 6. Get excited Heat fans - I know is!
What do I need to do to get to send in his homework!!
So excited! I will film with Terry Kiser sometime between 4/5 and 4/15.
If you want to know what's on your life, look @ the things you are attracting
Let's hope. If you've been following Lamb's recovery, he might not see competitive ball until the end of this season.
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
i had a gut feeling this qualified ;) or maybe it was what i ate?
Vinnie....get this guy out!
We certainly are! And yeah! The night is young... If I were there I'd be partyin with u!
when your ready to apologize ill be here. Not sure what's up w you going off like that, both times. Hope you have a good day
like no one saw that one coming
Y'all are so in love
I always keep green around me like I'm a Celtic.
Lying to yourself when you know the truth is a worse feeling than being lied to.
Bruegger's cream cheese is terrible and Dunkin burns their bagels. Sometimes you just can't win
Well said, sir. RT I don't know how you make that lane violation call. Right call? Yes. RIGHT call? Absolutely not.
Just finished #Limbo - easily the best new game I've played this year.
not sure why, but I was surprised to find the Mac app store based in itunes. lame.
PAUL RYAN works for himself. He thinks he is running for the PRESIDENT. PAUL KRUGMAN, call MITT up and tell him to watch his back. NLD Mom
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth -- Moths in the Trap
would you like to be on a conference call with Senior Advisor to the President to discuss Health Care Reform, let me know.
Utilities commission approves Ruskin Dam upgrades
But I ain't even mad. 1 game no big deal.
lol just save me and Cynthia a few
thank you! =)
Did you hear about the woodworker who died when he fell into a vat of varnish? It was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish.
Andre switches on Christmas lights - The Press Association Mr Paparazzi Andre switches on Christmas lights The Press Association Pop star
Glad to have our cousins here for #DecemberNights. The holiday season is all about family :-)
Watching sample wedding videos and crying over these peoples MOH speeches. You have big shoes to fill. haha jk love you!
Guys I'm exhausted by this game and my show hasn't even started.
If it's really important there will be at least 1/2 FTE devoted to it
If there's one thing st patty's day has taught it's this: green is NOT my color.
I got trouble on my mind
I love the fact that my son watches the NBA playoffs with me
I shall dance with you my dear!!
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. -Walter Bagehot
nice! Keith!
RT : Good luck to all the #ARathletes competing this weekend! Who is ready to unlevel the playing field?
I called ur wife and she said u weren't allowed ... Sorry dude I tried
as long as you're not a Lakers fan it's all good.
#swagitout Love the music vid and the song!! Ur such a great singer and dancer!
Mike died............14 years old and died im crying my eyes out R.I.P I will miss you
See you in eternity
(cont.) are real cancerous
Dick Clark is dead, so I guess new Years Eve is cancelled...
poor thing :( were you scared. I saw you crying!
Sajak has been hosting Wheel of Fortune since I was 1 year old! Crazy!
Our pleasure - sleep well and safe travels!
Sac state is starting up today. Hit up the website and share some notes!
Let's go Lobos!!
hey! Just saw you in the lobby but was engrossed in phone convo. Awesome job presenting!
*listens carefully, with a slight frown. nods*
Need to get me somethin nice to get low wit.
Possbly shortest council meeting ever last night in #ChulaVista: 45 minutes.
Can't lose what you never had, can't keep whats not yours, and can't hold on to something that does not want to stay"
ok I'll break it down ... Some1 rt u so I replied n said the same then added don't even tweet deactivate ur account or I wil
Coming up: watch PTL today for your chance to win a BLU-RAY DVD by answering a Twitter question about the show!
Follow Back >?
ill either be in my feelings or on something deep tonight messing with kendrick lamar in this mindset.
sadly yes
Love that said "I'm so happy I have my Lawson" on Mostly as my husband's name is Lawson.
Ouch, get ready for the Geordie backlash to your twitter account :)
thanks *hugs back* :')
I'll be on the infield! See you later
you know what, Faith Hill? Al and Chris ARE the best on TV
I have worked with & served as a coach to 2 of Entrepreneur of the Year regional winners.
Your Love
The Prisoner of Azkaban because it explained so much!
Last weekend of studying! Can't believe I'm gunna be a junior after this semester! Graduation is still far away though!
Quite surprised there were this many people who made weekday mid-afternoon ESPN shows appointment television.
I get it from my dad. I used to eat onions all the time when I was a kid, then when I was about 20 or so I couldn't anymore. Lame.
DJ abuse?
Many agents don't understand its importance.
I'm only just seeing this, miss you!
Trying to install this new music software. It's failed 4 times... 5th time's the charm?
that's why you come to me to solve your problems
payton you should have a DM friday where you DM fans every friday!
I wonder if a pitcher's ever told a manager, "nah, un-unh, I'm not done here. Send him back to the bullpen."
had me fooled all along. Well done.
Omg I just saw the news about the shooting in Louisville earlier today... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I'm starting 2 think this town is not as safe as I thought. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Can't justify using both since LinkedIn is so widely accepted/better. By virtue of being FB app, Branchout is clunky/hard to use.
Everyone Follow For A Huge Shoutout
It's A Friendly Nothing More.. :-) Promise...
Sandusky really issued a statement on Paterno's death. I'm appalled. That is all.
soothes the soul.
It's ok, let it out. The truth will set you free!
#ICantLiveWithout Gods love. If #God is for us, who can be against us?
The "Jesus loves you" one yesterday. o_o
"The boys played very well"
refs drunk on both ends
come see me!! Leave your excuses in Jackson! :)
all dana wants for her birthday is for justin too dm her honestly she deserves it out of all the girls who gets dms from him
I have a diamond after my name at MOAR POWER! // j/k. kinda. // ready to watch/learn/do.
Last day to enter our pumpkin carving contest! Send your photos to us or @ us your link on twitter!
Do not leave lovemaking until just before sleeping! Initiate. He'll appreciate.
Once again stands me up for dinner! Sorry !
"We whats happenin'" when spit the hook, yea; thats how my city weather is at the moment. Wavy
I've had several years and sat through many screenings, which helps to deal with this family crisis
peter allen! you like my videos? there's a whole series of 'em.
i'll say it again: marriage is the leading cause of divorce.
Joe montana was taken in the 3rd round
If I tell you my morning coffee just kicked in, it doesn't mean I just instantly woke up.
Starting off the day w great music!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
moral of that story: be a dick. cause dicks always win hahaha
Life is not a static thing. The only people who do not change their minds are incompetents in asylums, and those in cemeteries.
lol same here
Tell me life is beautiful. They think that I have it all.
Chris Rock was right. A man in love only needs one word in his vocabulary: yes. Say that to everything, you're good.
About to get my butt kicked by
The Eastern Conference Finals probably won't go more than five games. The Rangers are so much better than the Devils.
Nicki Minaj's music was tolerable at 1st. Now that she turned into an artist who sounds like a cartoon character w/ADD her music is annoying
You know you're tried as fuck when you had no idea it was Friday, even after reading all the 'It's Friday' tweets.
What is the latest on vince young? Buffalo bills or not?
"I set the timer on the stove - which apparently does other things - for 30 minutes, and start writing." -Karin Slaughter
Community Voices first segment is Karla Gotlieb, VP Community Partnerships, Catalyst Miami
I gotta say, it hasn't improved. Let's hope, early day, etc.
yes! a little slow but really good!
#stormporn or not, has a good play-by-play of developments in #irene from on the ground
Typography, yes. I also believe the entire experience has great pacing throughout.
Thank you SO much for the love & support! #prom fair
#CHIchat in 10 minutes! Chicago Nightclubs is the topic of discussion!
I have a better chance getting a job as Santa's elf than I do finding a
goodness that was fast. Thanks a bunch.
When am I gonna see that pretty face again.
JORDAN HILL! He's saving us bruh.
there is an event tonight at 404 Bryant st
It seems like time is passing by very slow!! :O
Airsoft Marker Used in Your current Airsoft Online games: 1
Beyond Boundaries Promotional Video
Born and bred Brooklyn U.S.A. They call me Adam Yauch but I'm M.C.A.....
Yes, tomorrow we have an awesome interview with Michael tarver with special host GSM is on every week, he's just special. Lol
how did you do??
Gonna go to udf
Taking my mom to Mexican dinner tomorrow and having pie thrown in her face for her Bday. I will laugh!
EFG is looking to fill a graphic design position. Send resumes and work samples to
OtterCreek would be perfect for someone who's always wanted to own their own business...lots of good will!
All of these layers and it really ain't that cold out here at M&T Bank Stadium.
have a good trip, enjoy #MW2012!
RT : Does help Alex Smith, too. Takes pressure off.
Have a great trip!
Perfect, will give you a call soon !
Occupy San Diego this July
Getting ready for my interview with
Same resolution: I am going to leave within my means this year...if I have to borrow money to do it.
If you could invent a new word, what would it be and what would it mean? ;) XD tweet me...:)
{We salute the success of Salman Khan - Great job.}
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Starting to feel extremely sleepy. Staying up till 4am probably wasn't the best idea. But you know what? It was worth it. :)
I miss nyc
I'm so fly I eat eagle food
Damn I feel pretty with no where to go
I'll get Enchanted ready on the TV.
Good luck with the wizard tomorrow. Keeping my fingers & toes crossed for some good news & not too terrible mayhem <3
Time for a deep tissue massage.
My wife and I in napa right now celebrating 22nd anniversary. Staying at fantastic Carneros Inn. Have fun Billy
Hi Bill - thanks for the RT. I love Burgundy but it is a tough region to learn, even if you live there. Best to you!
that's my shit
“: lol I wish I could RT that but my phone won't let me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>” and I said you phone won't let you do what support
Was for me because I had a lot of kiddos working on that skill. I bought the level 2-3 book and a fellow SLP bought level 1.
Showered, gonna straighten my hair for tomorrow in the mean while Star Wars!
setting sun erupting, horizon like a volcano.
Read an article that used the word: Fungible. I had to stop and think: is that really a word? Apparently, yes. Fungible=substitutable. O_o
why don't you see that we are perfect for each other
ok im happy if you're happy
haha ok. Im bored now bye(:
Sure...thats my point Peter - tactical overrides strategic (re: developing talent...) most always MIA... :)
haha we definitely do! Great minds tweet alike. Or something like that.
Annoyed with every..thing. Why so randomly cranky? *cat his!*
She has no prospective of what the big picture really is
so how long will keep you "secret"? I mean, seriously... ha ha. Ya know he has a brother right?
Hi, Kelly! Welcome to Twitter...
So pretty much...Walker pointed out I miss science class more than I'm in science class...
trans dimensional unified field theory physics group now has 101 members
workin... gotta make endless tracks
Association urges Syndicate Bank to ensure better industrial relations
I still dunno what happened to that banana..
yo momma! miss that show
yay :) i want to see pictures!
A connection says he needs a technical PM with experience in IPTV, mobility, and IP video for a multimedia project. DM me if u r interested.
No Ricky # Boys in the Hood
oh my! I've been here for 6 :( do you have an exam tomorrow?
I always enjoy your contributions. I find just reading all the listservs (nearly) overwhelming.
sated up late last night watching TV... that never happens
I'm also a 100% summer lover!.....or, shall I say SUN-Lover!!!
Real Men don't wear Pink, they eat it .(;"
Wish I were there! Enjoy the game and
Just walked by How and Nosm starting a new mural in #dtla -
I couldn't throw a ball n the ocean if I was sitting in a boat- Kobe Bryant Haha he went 0-12 before he hit his 3 baskets vs. the Hornets
A day in Charleston-just happened to show during a Blues Festival!
[PICS] Surf contest for kids in Guatemala to bring awareness for #seaturtle conservation. Thanks to volunteer Trent Hodges.
btw, loved watching you at #LSU man. good luck
We want to hear from ACH members & non-members alike. Ideas about what professional societies can do in & for the DH community? Speak up!
Y'all know I still like the G Wagon
OMG he talkin bout the Saints need to give up their SB title cuz of the bounty shit!
So happy US breaking Pubplic Union chains and corruption.
follow?x
Happy birthday
My birthday is September 11th :)
Did I blow ur mentions up??? ;p
Whenever you tweet something just add BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE to it! -Janan
I'm watching some stupid movie making me cry....
Couldn't stomach that book. And I have a strong stomach! It was TOO much.
Watched 'Sea of Love' w/Pacino & Serpico's next in the queue. I still love you Al despite Gigli.
Hors d’Stone--Enjoyed SD Home Garden home tour party in San Pasqual, especially with Stone Catering’s Chuck Samuelson in charge of event
Felicidades ! Congratulations on your win! You deserve it!
LMAO THIS HOE SAY IF POPEYES WENT OUTTA BUSINESS SHE HONESTLY BELIEVE FAT PPL WILL START A PETITION TO OPEN IT BAKK UP
And I'd love to see how you would thrash me thoroughly you 50 year old smokestack fanboy
thank you kind sir.
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
did I win? Lol
Paging St. Christopher! convinced me to hoof it to work this week in honor of National Walk to Work Day on 4/6.
I hate it when my laptop dies while my favorite song is playing!
Hey (Avey Tare), (Eric Copeland), and thanks for the show on Sunday!
Come on out! Launch & Learn: drop-in hands-on workshops for all ages. 2-4pm this Saturday. Enjoy the View!
almost perfect night: layin up in bed, listenin 2 music, writin w/e comes out my head, n chillin... jus missin a down ass chick
Was on a flight today with John Salley. And I thought I needed an exit row!
I was hoping it was gonna say ATLANTIS
Dragons breathe fire because they're full of constipation.
I guess 'Go Bruins'....RT : The 6 teams that will advance to team finals are Alabama, Florida, UCLA, Utah, Arkansas and Stanford.
Duff on dancing with the stars >>>
I haven't even showered yet! Hahah
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back. =)
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day! I have my babies around me, oh what a wonderful day! :) Have a Great Day!
BTW- my dream to reach by 30 was compete in an open water swim...I swam 1 mile in the Atlantic ocean last June to accomplish:)
Now finally at the cashier and the system is down....geeezzzzzlouisssseeee
Need to get inspired with some great music to get me moving. Time to get
I just want to go home. Finals are making me grumpy.
Ignorance may be bliss, but does it have to be continually celebrated all over daytime television?
Enjoy ! Let's go Have fun at the Clash at Comerica!
He went down on u once and stood u up multiple times.. And u claim u two are in love...haha
Day of Promotion TODAY!. Send me anything and I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever. Promotion Wednesday from #WubOneOut !
I am indeed my brutha hbu RT I hope my fam are having good weeks.
Then you responded to my tweet today & I realized it was you because of Derrick and Diante. I'm glad you're well. God is Good!
waiting for fireworks to start on the Vegas strip. then a quick walk to the parking lot to watch them...
What do you call someone staying in on a fri night drinking beer, eating ultimate nachos from Bdubbs, and watching TV? ME!
looks like i am going to Lorrettas to bring home some medals this year. 2 straight months of training and no beer.. damb...
90s flashback: Head Like a Hole. Whole crowd in on this one... 'Bow down before the one you serve!!'
Trucks unloading in NYC!!!Order now and save $50 on travelling and $10 on labor!!!
Just read/listened to .'s interview with about the Great stuff in there.
Per : Bard's start is being skipped, but he is available to pitch the eighth tomorrow
On last chapter of Create Dangerously by Edwidge Danticat. Why do some books have to end?
says this is the golden age of amateur experts
Please support and follow our new team, The New York Lady Rebels! Email us @ for open calls to become a member!
Only the falling have to get back up again
- thanks for the coupon. I'll come visit next time I'm in NYC!
Maybe if you weren't a pill head then you could actually eat.
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it
bad idea u do u
what are your thoughts on hulk hogan and brock Lesner, and Layla el ?
get rocks my socks off trending <3
Amazed how many people drive the wrong way up 8th street in North Philly
About to go chill with my dude and Darius....
when a baseball bat doesn't work, try marijuana.
just was checking on u, I was thinking about coming down there
Come celebrate the New Year at the most beautiful venue in New York. 28th of December is the last day to book a table:
21 Million Beliebers !!!! :D i am so proud of you and i am so proud of being a Belieber. I love you <3
he is such a key player though. So much talent. Rangers will devour them though. Especially after last game.
Awesome! As of 8:16 am on October 08, 2011, my mailing parcel was successfully sent. Thanks USPS mail!
its way to hot!
Dinner at dawgs and hawgs. Best burger on the square in McKinney!
After the affected area, Red Line trains moving quite well.
Yet again, no paper. Sigh. Why is this so hard? Weekday delivery, that's all I want.
I'm not used to it. Hate this. Do it only four weeks a year when my co-worker is on vacation.
At the PV Marching Band exhibition. Should be interesting lol.
And Indianapolis did do a great job as host, just hope it continues and everything they did doesnt end because the game is over
Join our coast guard pool on espn: group name: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate can i SEX you imma respect you and not say FUCK you
Hint wink nudge RT : Wouldn't it be fun if #POD12 offered mobile whiteboards for collaboration...?
I just assumed with this whole BofA $5 fee implementation I will just use cash more often
No records at City Outdoor meet yet but sun came out and rain is gone. Will be a cool night. Last year it was in the 80s and humid.
The Paper Box is currently looking for bands/musicians/artists to book starting in May. Please e-mail us at
Saying I couldn’t do it was the biggest lie they ever told –
“: Johnny Damon????????” Is nomar garciaparra available too?
When I touch mile I see the man scatta, scatta as if I had a clutch on a magnum!
Hey tweeters :-) Could u follow my friend she just joined twitter. I promised u won't regret it.
if u don't take that pic of that boy off of there I'm gonna slap u across where face. :-)
my pops wanted to scare me i suppose! There was a clown for my 3rd birthday and I ran away crying.
Great cause for mansion and wonderful fost. We've voted!
Keynote talk of about participation in GLAM
W.tntfightscancer.com I'm about to be auctioned off. Check it.
Birthday wish number 723,435 comes from Los Angeles! Have a good one!
Thanks for the #Follow & #ShineYourDivine Looking forward to your tweets!
here we go Steelers Here we go!!!!
my fav sport is watching u !! Your fast amazing gorgeousee xx and yet u don't follow mee ?? Will that be happening this year?X
Joyfully reading the reviews of last nites drama and hormone packed the bachelor. Oh the joys of being unemployed and brain dead!
yeah that's what I'm thinking.. but new and shiny and different could be fun.. or it could suck ;P haha.. thanks girl :)
Clear eyes, full hearts......
I've taken the day off to lie around in the sun (:
Tilson's complicated. He's not a mensch in his writing, but he's a (public) jerk worthy of conversation with.
How r you celebrating Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday today? Volunteering? Random act of kindness? It's not too late to get started!
*smiles a bit*
Guess what ? :)
Delicious coffee from for today's at !
It's always bacon time
Loving that the ad I'm looking at right now has 2 Seahawks & a on it!
its been a while!
I am cheating on you.
Those are some ill tshirts.
disco biscuits
lol see there you go being mean .
My grandmas&grandpas cemetary place is right accross from the kids section, we saw a young girl with her father crying by one
did not but sounds delicious
Down the rabbit hole.
RT : W. W. Hagerty Library and Library Learning Terrace to stay open 24/7 through weekend. Any changes will be posted online.
No girl! You just P out the extra! (lol)
"inventor" is a stretch. "popularizer" is probably more appropriate. he owes a lot to schaeffer, henry, etc.
Love the typo Penny!
What was your organization’s original rationale for offshoring to low-cost countries (LCCs)?
Who is your favorite singer on the voice? Mine is Dia! Everything about her is so sweet.
I've never had a day with as much potential as today.
by crossing the finish line this weekend, both of you are guaranteed a PR.
LMAO I know so cheesy but adorbs because he can do no wrong in my book
Damn... how i love San Pellegrino water!
Fuck all that planning shit/ run up in they crib and make them cats abandon ship
Today I saw my homie drop his broken Iphone 4 In the willamte river this nigga is crazy!?
officially wins my vote for best NHL player on twitter. You are awesome and made my night with the retweet!
Will cull, cullor code, add to cullection.
Sleeping with sun screen on..
tipsy tweet
We hit a wall and we can't get over it
There's so many pedos that I don't even remember following in the first place...
It's an iPod/iPhone app where you get rewards for watching TV
flawless hair... That was circa 2003... sent me the the b/w auto addressed to "Beaver"
Three hour delay and counting
I LOVE when my ankles randomly give out when I walk :(
am i invisible to you...
Agreed! If I was a guy and that existed, I totally would have rushed Kappa Tau!
is it ok to miss u so much that I'm eating an entire box of Oreos
Hey now...
LOL RIGHT?? loll
Um, you are awesome! Can't wait.
Games canceled boys
Nervous for her now, I hope she makes it through.
TONIGHT! Loving Cup & present + Zodiac Death Valley + B. Hamilton. 8:30pm/$14 at the door. Don't be late!
Idris Elba should've been the new Jason Bourne.
Egg white is the mgd64 of omelettes
thanks guys!
Hell Yeah!!
I luv women....
The average person has over 100 hidden talent but typically use 3-10 of them.
Thank you so much for replying back to me! I'm glad that there's already something in the works! You guys are awesome!
putik!!! no distractions please!!!!
on th3 p3 playin call of duty black ops
RT : It's Monday! Start off your week with a Damn Good Burger & a Everyman Afterall cocktail
Love and miss you guys so much! God Bless
.'s Tech demo is titled" "everything I know about mobile privacy in 30 min or less"
RT : Mothers Day Brunch at The Park !!! Reserve today call 732.739.2002
it's cuz I love you!
Social media rule no. 2: don't take yourself too seriously / so so true
You better be taking one too - Hope you are in the studio coming up with a hit!!
...like george clooney.
I will rule the word
20 minute trainings! I like that idea.
Dumb sun needs to come out.
Thanks! I credit 4 creating a dynamic group and enduring business model with !
You know you're a college student when... You know the pizza delivery guy by name.
“: I feel like I'm becoming really mean to everyone.” your Fucking messed up O:< too
First day of volunteering at The Art of Video Games!!!
i just talked to him, told him to call you!!! But we need to rap nigro
Many a false step was made by standing still. Keep smiling.
I can't stand posers, they annoy the fuck out of me. omg go die
we're not "acting" this isn't drama class.
I'm simple. I love doin' simple things. N I luv spontaneous girls.
Good morning world! Have the best day ever!
Suffering from a lack of Sunday football? What's your personal method of coping?
I'm speaking and doing Q&A at Strand books on Bway and 12th St on the Thurs, Jan 26 at 7 pm.
Also proud of my brother. <3.
Back from Arizona and home to a chilly Milwaukee.
Found the shirt i'm wearing to Warped!
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with a time of 27:01 with Nike+ GPS.
did that really just happen asdfgheiuhfopuwfnvuufa :O
"Enjoy Every Sandwich" Warren Zevon 1947-2003. Keeping WZ in our Hearts.
I love you ok
nikka are y'all ready
how's it coming over there? Figure out the winning line?
I don't. I assume Looking for the King: An Inklings Novel has been reviewed?
there wasn't when I ordered in February. But it's getting closer to football season... :-/
haha, no offense taken, man.
i'm considering heading to the Science Club for Yuri's night antics & drinking
Listen to what people say when they're mad, thats when the truth comes out.
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I just saw a woodpecker it's soo tiny and cute >D
At this AM speaking at The Philanthropy Workshop
WE CAN DO IT
you can do it :)
It's ya boy use to bus you up at the y
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters. Love this, so true.
might be there soon. playing on bovada, but need chippies!
Back from Palm Springs. Great trip. Only hiccup was not knowing TSA's 3-1-1 Rule and half of my favorite face lotions were tossed in trash
Looking forward to seeing and live simulcast
Is anybody else as happy as I am that Jaime Lee Curtis is normal? There's nothing like taking a healthy shit.
can you please please follow mee" :D <U+2665>
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you exfoliate, moisturize, and wax - it's the perfect skin trifecta!
I love you! :) we need a cousins day lol
We have vegan "beef"!
The article in the NYTimes on Thom Thibodeau is fantastic. Makes a guy like me not feel so odd lol. Not a big NBA fan but will watch him now
2night JERESY SHORE Party Live @ CLUB RIO! Laser Show!! Doors open at 9pm! Only $10 B4 11pm Vip Almost Sold Out! Dont miss out!
I hope u feel better soon
Health IT nation gathered at #oncmeeting. Watch live
Thanks for the support! Make sure to download our new single on iTunes May 22nd
The Constitution sets forth no specific requirements.
get me one haha
HATER . Stop sippin on that hater-ade, it's bad for your health.
When my mom flips out cause o don't clean my room #whocares!
Followed 30 people so far! 160 to go! (i think?..) lol
#shiticantstand girls with bad body walking around in leggings and a thong showing.. -_-
Thanks for the Friday love!
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Do your own SEO, SEM & Social Media Marketing or find a good SEO company. They are as hard to find as top Google ranks
nervous about me? Remember that I've read your fic before ... It's all good.
RT : Tommy, if you and Rich fought and Dave Van Horne Anchorman style, who'd win?
So incredibly happy. Thanks for sharing a fabulous season with me tweeps!
Nice to meet you! Hope all is well.
either works, but "you can also see him on tv" is more natural
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE ----> Get it trending !
Firing up the new washing machine. Let's hope trips to the laundromat are history.
Planned my Disneyland Grad Nite with today! Gonna be so much fun :D
They need to run into some white supremacist zombie killing army/militia led by a one handed guy LOL:P~..but
Well, you can't blame someone for what they don't know (and therefore couldn't act on).
Thank you to these new followers! EROCK
2011 has just really gotten started for us...we are still looking for promoters to help us get the word out!
#MittRomney wants to take healthcare out of the hands of federal bureaucrats and give it back to state bureaucrats.
Just finished grading a stack of midterms. Whew! Two stacks of grading done, two to go...
I can do without these cheesy 'Glee like sing alongs on
I mean, we had a lot of Dukes of Hazard merchandise (like a "Boss Hogg for President" t-shirt), but that seems tasteful now.
What's your objective in using them? Your thoughts about each?
Cant wait to see on 106&park tomorrow. I'm 21 and am not ashamed that 143 Mindless Behavior.
next time I'm burning everything.
it connects me, i get some creative/interestg responses, i sometimes learn something & some folks like them & i like readg thm
Almost time for Shameless.
The #Ravens defense fell apart late last night. They barely escaped with that Win
When my mom texts me random shit that have no meaning lol
So grateful for the brave men and women who serve our country. Happy Veterans Day!
yes. When a mission is set to launch and there is no toilet around.
My ex can't accept the fact that Bumblebee (The Transformer) will never love her.
Thank You Mr. Manning. Colts had Manning and Titans had Young/Collins and you are proud that you won 2 out of last 4??
there's maybe a handful of country songs that don't make me want to vomit, but other than that... garbage
Reached a twitter limit on my other account.. Oh well it was worth it :)
success in red square with latkes today! get ready for tacos and torah tomorrow at 5pm!
come back into my life soon!!!!!
"The world is blessed most by men who do things, not by those who merely talk about them."
Thank you!
Leaving tomorrow, eh? Why do I have the feeling that we'll be 5 minutes apart on highway 29 again?
Fashion fades, only style remains the same. -Coco Chanel
Hell, I still play hot lava.
The whole state of Ohio is dominating
thank you baby <3 & good i was jus lookin out for you cause i care you know ? Happy mothers day baby
I hate when people tweet or DM me spammy stuff like wtf did I do to you lol
Happy first day of Spring!!
true true. U still at skool
why is my neighbor mowing their lawn at 11pm.
happy new year
alright. Imma make my way over there at like 2:30
Need Tissue Sales Engineers? Yep, it's an obscure find but we'll blow them outta' the box for you!
Rest in peace Nate Dogg..
With all the digital ways of sharing contact info, it seems like sharing a business card should be extra special and include a cupcake.
I need to get me some
everyone that follows for me , gets a shoutout <3
Me too! I'll actually care about names when she gets rid of a few. Lol
Practice during the daylight hours? Unheard of.
cauae everyteam goes thru their good times & bad times barcelona happens to be goen thru their good time rught now it wont last
aw <3 :) Happy I did !! But I just tell the truth!!!!
Crush on #JohnIrving steady as ever but now having tiny crush on Kevin Moriarty. Perfect host!
What would i do without my brothers
I'm not spam, just a college student busting her ass.
#ArtFact: Michelangelo painted over 300 figures on the Sistine Chapel ceiling each one of them unique.
Wow ! I love dad but , seriously -.-
Wasn't sure what the hashtag would be for today's #NERCOMP event; had to ask around. Very glad is so visible!
1st day training on #Revit - AWESOME! you guys rock!
Not yet. It's been rainy in Boston, so I don't think I could handle it. But it's been sunny today, so I will now :)
6 more follower and I'll do the drawing for FREE LAP DANCES!!
one sounds more enjoyable than the other... :-)
What do you tag the road that Obama lives on?
Don't know what im wearing
thank u n know u gon get the 1st notice to dowload that joint Im hopin the website is up by then too
SL5: Pivot is really cool; great for BI dashboard apps.
A valiant effort but Ohio U falls to #1 seed UNC in OT 73-65.
RT : Bullying and it's consequences, free lecture today at UNM Continuing Ed by Young-shin Kim 8:30am - 10am.
"The Conservative Party today is essentially the Reform Party" ~ on #LPC Council of Presidents call
aw I want to meet you to Kyle <3 and our other buddy :) Luv u both :)
In her 1951 Beverly Carlton apt, Norma Jeane had Munch's, 'The Scream' up for some frames by John Florea...
hahah want to help me we will get unlimited tic tacs
compliment. via tumblr.
VW targets more Argentine success
Lol who knows? Maybe we are twins ;) Lol wait that sounded creepy. Especially with that smiley. :'D
#ExpertVisibilityTip: To grow your visibility, you have to expand your own bandwidth. Delegate! Focus on what ONLY you can do.
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama tactics like Brownshirts--Send in mob/thugs and stop democracy. Demonstrate, yes. Shut down democratic processes, no.
I have big plans tonight including some QT with my final, , and an entire plate of cookies.
I know! Nat and I were in rehearsal I'm so upset. I'm sure it was
Hey, is that some Ayden-ish hair?
Drunk guys at the venue... Lol.
never ever enough beets
Working on my New Year's resolutions. What are yours??
Learning the twitter "ropes"!! Not a pro, and not very stable (certifiable)!!
#FF Calling all Philly StarCraft and Beer lovers. Follow
lil mama what chu doin what's up up up up?
Excess budget to use by 9/30? Invest in your preservation or records management programs with equipment or scanning services from Crowley.
Stella was playing with her moose for 2 hours last night! Moose!!
Austin's cover of 'someone like you' is going up on YouTube tomorrow (Friday) RT if you're excited
thanks for the RT!
Do not use logic or really even engage with other customers at the airport when in ANY line.
RT “: the #USArmy Facebook timeline is A.W.E.S.O.M.E. Role model for other agencies”
I know what you did last
Thing after thing after thing after thing. is it worth it? No
What is your style? Casual? Classy? Elegant?
“We save the world by being alive ourselves.” - Joseph Campbell
Live alligator, armadillo and sandhill cranes on the interstate - Florida!
But hey! We played great this year..so I congratulate them! I love baseball...and baseball players. One of my favorite sports.<U+2665>
Happy Boxing Day & a special thank you to everyone that purchased from www.mypuppypads.com for their holiday travels!
what an ingeniously funny test ! The atheists would have loved it.
Jus had to tell moms this > "Don't worry mama I'll never bring home ah basic bitch or hoe you got my word mother!"
hey amara how ya doing? Have u seen the new ep yet? I don't want to spoil anything but it was really good
Yes, but Obama isn't morbidly obese. Christie's weight will hold him back, not his bigotry.
It's obviously lets see how many people can ignore stop signs day
it's fucking snowing someone better buy me a shot for coming to this shit
No im not but thanks! (:
I find him highly annoying...
M hi
Yup. My best guess is that she got really pissed off when I texted her when she was 15 minutes late & decided to blow me off.
GOOD MORNING BRO BRO! Mad Love, continue 2 be BLESSED, & have splendid day!
we hope you enjoyed the lemonade yesterday! :)
Now in Atlanta for a 4 hour layover
5 days until Repeal Day. Let's party like it's 1933!
Car show this weekend I do not have to work I'm as good as there
Tomorrow is the last day to buy a spring 12 shirt so hit me up if you want one
Iva ily, and who does World Peace's lineup that shit nice, i can't hate...
Noted. Back to you soon on that.
I just searched for "Dick Clark New Year's" and one of the ads said "Looking for Antiques? When it's on your mind, it's on eBay."
i've been a DN fan since the beginning of the melo era. i've watched them make it out of the 1st round once. i'm a true fan.
just sounded hilarious!!!!
akxbvxnnzn I Know!!! The thought makes me akxblNhjj¡!!!!!!!!
All I want is a baguette and butter. Nom nom nom.
RT : Todays music ain't got the same soul
At Apple bees about to hit up lenox. Dolo I Dnt need no side kick! I'm good!
I have nothing going on today. I am getting a ride in the downtown direction for basically no reason now.
I wanna watch Aladdin now. Lol
It is unfair to believe everything we hear about lawyers, some of it might not be true.
I'm not a fucking role model.
Heat vs Lakers is what the World wants. Undeniable.
lol SO CUTE.
hahaha. That's too funny. No worries. I know y'all have lots of friends. My time will come one of these days.
Ah that's better
hey thanx for following me :)
a guy who loves purple , talks just as much as me , eats all day long , and can make me laugh
not bad. It's suppose to be eggs and olive oil , but in India beggars can't be choosers lol.
We are thrilled you could make it and hope you find the sessions interesting and productive.
Guys I'm at mad mex happy hour and I'm about to get my meet and greet on.
it is, I was in the holiday mood, but I am a little worried it will dry out before the big day!
cover of Boyfriend is just asdfghjklszxdfghjkl!!! i love him!!<3
Did you know this is the LAST American tour for Riverdance? Recording an interview with principal dancer Jason O'Neill to find out why.
I say we just use the black costumes!
even better! I have cramps like a motherfucker.
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,DOWNLOAD TUNE IN RADIO ON YA ANDROID AND CRUNKFORCHRIST ARE ,Are on ya laptop ,
You showed last night's crowd what grace in action looks like.
Hey hey.... Back to reality.
thanks bae! What up
maybe everybody passed
it a Strawberry blush lol thought it was white owell I'm a smash that
Balotelli cracks me up.
If you don't have an icon made by you're a loser.
“ #Libra loves a challenge at times.”
Gotta love Tom Brady's 'sidehawk'! I can see Gisele telling him how to style his hair and him replying, "Yes, dear".
Under 2 hours before I'm off for 5 days.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you jump when a cute boy opens a door as you are walking up to it and he laughs at you
They are coming to take me away hahahoho to the funny writers farm hoohoo!
I dont even know Serena just keeps calling me/herself it
Repurposing,upcycling,salvage,re-use,recycle,trash to treasure- call it what you will, there's gold in them there hills, LOL, and it's free!
Tyler Perry's Good Deeds has aa wonderful message...very humbling..please support this film
where the ketchup and classic pickles at. East Memphis shit ..... Cheese only lmao
Play is Garbo's Cuban Lover @ Macha Theatre. By Odalys Nanin. Ever hear of it? She's amazing. Will be sure to send u info.
Breakfast of champions: Pixie Stix and a red bull. my lambo is blue!!!
French class needs to stop
Thank you to Gene Winter for the more than 25 years of #econdev service you gave Greater Richmond & to Happy retirement!
sorry pep but it's true. I was hoping for a celtics/lakers final but I guess we have to wait until next year
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: How to get support.
I cant wait to see you again<3
I'm sittin here in school. Bored. And jamming to music:)
If you think you can break me, baby you crazy I make my own sunshine :)
We'd be two cool straight dudes married together.
Me-took a bite of her cake
My heart go's out to the victims of the earthquake in Japan. Let's do what we can to give them the support they need.
shit I forgot we befriended flyers fans that are actual hockey fans first before homers and ones that can read....
If half of them are from New York & the other half is from Hawaii......how the hell did they even meet...?
Finished shooting an amazing music video Two long overnights on the streets of LA playing a very creepy but subtle character.
MORNING FOOD: when a woman is detected by males as vulnerable, the males become more aggressive, causing tension to form between males.
well fuck you too, alrighty then
Voting in your state today? Exercise that right and good luck choosing the lesser of evils. Except for school levies... vote yes for those.
May God's unfailing love rest upon us, as we put our trust in Him. Psalm 33:22
”I skate to where the puck is going to be, not to where it has been.” - {Wayne Gretzky}
Well deserved from what is being said by friends. Look forward to checking it out this week.
Lol, well the subconscious does know everything :)
Tom Joiner Fantastic Voyage March 25/can't wait
Just saw this girl with some strong ass legs lol she ah runner
What kind of car do you have anyway..?
Looking back at an old crushes pictures and going "why the fuck did I like him?"
Shower at 2am
can you please follow me Bailey? I vote for RNG every wednesday, and I love you.<3
damn right! : It's almost Gemini season shits about to get real <U+264A>"
Sure do appreciate your shout outs, mentions, and RTs
when are you going to be able to double click at the top of your desktop screen and return to the top of the page?
My condolences to the family of Chuck Brown....The godfather of go go... May God bless you in your time of grief.
Or sing something that tells us something about you.
You are making me thirsty! I love an extra dirty tanqueray martini.
Merkel/Sarkozy statement just gobbledygook - promises comprehensive solution, but will make proposals, consult, etc, and have "no details".
Happy Easter!
On my way to the set.
We believe in change! We are here to make it real!
Our thoughts are with everyone over at Goodby Silverstein and Partners today. You'll come back stronger then ever. You always do.
No class today thanks to all of the pirates invading our shores!
#ff who came over Tuesday, mentioned she got an A+ in Heidegger, and told me how to remove a stubborn mark on my table. xo
It's amazing how quickly we get used to summer weather, it's like I woke up and it's mid August.
And mine READS. o_O
Week two is in full effect! Photo shoot on Monday!
. man how good were those cheeses? They look awesome
No good deed goes unpunished. Every few years it appears I must be reminded of this. Sigh....
fair enough. I'll be careful with tech crunch. lol ;)
longer the nails, skankier the girl. same for hoop earrings. bigger hoop, bigger hoe. it's science, you know.
Finally got my someday justin bieber perfume :)
thought I was already following you. I'm a lousy stalker. Wonder why it's quiet when the answer is... Nobody else is around.
is bleacher report a trustworthy site for sports info & rumors? #theking is only source I believe.
who's the best pub I the nation???
Check out some rad turbines provided by KidWind to learn all about Wind Energy this month for Super Science Saturday!
Humility is knowing your place
I just watched the Bag Lady video the other day, and was wondering how we connected! Blessings Beautiful SiStar!
says he was brought up a Kennedy Democrat: fiscally conservative and socially liberal.
talking to ma friends on ma celly
Happy Monday!!!! What are you going to do to start the week of right?! I'm meeting then today.
Did you log all your hours for last week?
OK I'm curious. (We've missed you at the Moon.)
You laid a lot of blame on him. I could not blame more than 1% blame on him.
occupy unity brother.. we have you streaming
"All great marketing is just elaborate storytelling." - the genius,
LOOK AT HOW MANY FOLLOWERS WE HAVE(:
You guys are GREAT!
Something smells fishy (in a good way) 2nite at 9 on NYClife - Food.Curated: "Sustainable Seafood". With and !
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed. Peter Drucker #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
And the rest will come to you
Thanks couldn't agree more! Come check us out tonight!
agreed >RT : I say this constantly. RT : Pretty much amazed by twitter.
Yeah! Let me know what kind of realness to serve to your dogs.
One of our Kindergarteners, Tyler, lost a baby tooth this morning! We prepare for all types of things at Positive Tomorrows!
take your time mane ! I appreciate you posting in general homie.
Congrats, Austin! Let us know if you have any questions!
Waiting room blues.
Hell yeah, you got that fucken right.
hang over just wanna go to sleep
Drank coffee this am since I was up at 6. I hate admitting that I've been kind of a superbeast today. Makes it harder to quit.
Goodluck to & tonight! Go Blue!
"I'm a horny engineer, I never joke about math or sex."
Going to home town buffet with mom and stepdad and lil brother. :) yum yum
Why do i have to go to school today! Just to sleep in every class?
yeah i feel ya!
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Thanks for following me (:
Working on our new library newsletter design in Illustrator. #LIS = teaching yourself different programs all the time.
So ready for the to come on!!! Here with Tracey and their no. 1 fan Laura who's representing Columbia MO
My heart beats, ONLY, for you.<3
Going shopping today!!!!
Annoyed at #dwts that only AT&T customers can text to vote. Online requires creating an account. C'mon ABC, make it easier to vote!
Japan trade minister: considering options on Iran oil payments
I want some red hots!!
You're welcome. I want to see you on SNL.
Can MY Hair Grow 3 More Inches Please.?(:<U+2665>
Avid response syndrome
I know! I was just thinking the same thing! RT : Is it seriously this hot already?! Where did Spring go?
It's a great early afternoon for a quick lunch on the patio today! We can get you in and out with happy tummy and time to spare!
Big game tonight for the Devils!
Thank you Mayor Slay for hosting today's Education Expo. A great opportunity for the charter schools to meet families!
good to see you on Twitter! Just in time for Tech Tools. The tag for the event is #MusEdTech if you want to try live tweeting!
I'm good, how are you?
where u at lol
I know, you'll like them/
Surround yourself with good people and good things happen
Great! Our event will be held a week early. We can definitely promote yours at our event.
thanks for following
Make my soph year the best year ever? Check!
Must get my beauty rest do that I can make others beautiful tomorrow. #photoshoottime!!!
kay, i'm waiting xP
honestly. i hate seeing natalie nunns name on my tl
Can I be you when my kids grow up? I'm working on it! :-)
Supreme Court does not recognize ontological acts as a privileged category for 1st amendment purposes...
I don't find it awkward! XD
#thenewyorktimes reports increases of #dementia in #prisons. Noticing the high rate of #substance #abuse associated with criminal activity.
Is in Livonia. Let's do this.
hm did cm punk lose his "money in the bank" chance?? so much interference...
Sorry for not tweeting much today, I had a busy day helping family move again. Enjoy your day my friends. I'm heading to bed, Love you all.
You're just cool. Keep repeating that. Worked for Roy Orbison (sunglasses thing started when his regular glasses broke). ;)
With the Ladies off for their Drag Queen Bingo night, an evening out & and a Brendan Benson gig beckons.
You're really bored, aren't you?
Hi all! First time in this chat, looking forward to it.
seriously though....which one of you is going to take me hahah....
#FF ! I LOVE THIS BOY! :D Coolest guy to talk to eva! He's super sweet too! <U+2665>
We're so glad you enjoyed the Night! Come back soon!
#espn I do not care how many #Syracuse players failed drug tests in the past 10yrs! #duke had a kid that broke #ncaa rules and no story?
my favourite video EVER <3 so so so cute! cute kids and shopping are 2 of my favourite things in the world too! #biggestfan x
We're selling chocolate for softball and my 'friend' stole 2 pieces and some money.. like, how low can you fucking get.
Unfortunately not right now. But in the spring we're planning to offer fellowships on general international topics, incl education
have you checked out my book: MyNameIsMahataa? Clear mind is the dessert!
Drum Circle
it runs 12-4. I'll be close to the lounge on the first floor!
I'm teaching t minus 20 minutes. Next-to-last substantive class of the semester. The spring has gone by too fast!
Oh I get it. So if you're parents are important you get special privileges even if you don't deserve them. I call foul.
10-year olds maybe... Seniors who are playing in 60+ leagues
When?! No Seattle trip?
Just read the NYTimes article about the PR stunt. Nice post on your blog! Pretty ridiculous stuff going on these days.
i was gonna go skate :3
You are right! But some people don't make goals...Make Them!!
Sign-up for Ladies Rock Camp February is open! Download an application on-line at: www.grcmadison.org...
RT : In 15 minutes (10PM - 11PM) tune to KOOP Radio out of Austin, TX to hear our music with Boards of Canada,...
Northwestern women's lacrosse game starts at 4:30 p.m. CT.
Is so ready for thanksgiving break!!!
My hedgestone is going to read: here lies James Thomas. Bald by 23.
We will share with our reader. Is this in a container or make it yourself mix?
There should be priorities.
Agreed. I'm good, still standing. The time has truly flown. Almost there...
You have a fascinating portfolio, especially Spain & Portugal. Would you consider a selection of samples for review on my blog?
I want to know, how do you add Chispa to your business?
dolvett will you marry me?#biggestloser. :)
Want to Change Your Brand’s Identity and Platform? Find out how on The Communications Blog by - wp.me/pZXZB-45
This is going to be a great show! We're playing the same stage that Jimi Hendrix once played!
And, I don't care that you 'have your own interview company' and I DID TALK TO YOU. You ignored the emails. Seriously stop.
Whoops! I knew something didn't look right, but I'm thinking, no that's how you spell sneak! :P
HAPPY FRIDAY! Finish off the work/school week right.
hi to your students - I am an attorney/mediator in fl and my firm fully embraces social media - but still much to learn
I watched your video and might be interested. I would like to talk to you about my business situation and get your advice.
so upset.
You'll get variant covers, posters, and buttons.
Hi Annette! Running off to class. Which areas should I look into? Thanks in advance.
I think they already are. Oakland wants to interview him for the HC job.
Throwing my ear buds away.
Fuuuuuckmylife. Does anyone have an AK47 I can borrow? ;p
I started a #Browns blog as a form of therapy for moments like that - I feel your pain. Such a #Cleveland moment.
Yeah my TEAM winnin and the Coach didn't help out...what u know about it
GO HOME! lol
i know right
I search "instagram" in Google Play store, get nothing. I search "instagram" in Google, link to app in GPlay store comes right up.
$2 TUESDAY'S GOING ON RIGHT NOW ULTIMATE BAR AND GRILL .25 WINGS $2 DRINKS GO GET YOU SOME YOU DONT HAVE TO COOK I'M ON MY WAY
I could eat an entire bag of cockroaches right now. Sour cream & onion.
who u playing for
Oh hey, , I'm still at carabar.
you can download it !
A nigga faded
Great weather for March 1st!
hey thanks LAPL! will try today.
Cannes Centrale is live and seeking your comments on all things re: #canneslions www.cannescentrale.com
I'm pretty sure Time Warner is stalking me. I just posted on FB about maybe getting cable, and 30 minutes later TW calls me about upgrading.
*Bang Bang* Die hoe
RT Massachusetts becomes the 8th state to ban BPA in children's products w2go MA!
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.
I'm playing NBA 2k11
A Penguin win! I hope that yo have a great day Trisha P!
Nexflix is unavailable....ah! Guess that means I should pick up the house instead. Bummer!
Rick's reply to Herschel's 10 minute soliloquy took up another half of the
How do people know who's at warped tour, it's not 9 yet :S
Marty in Houston: Some gas stations have bags over pumps. "Have a nice day," one Chevron station wrote on the bags, with a smiley face.
definitely keep us updated & we wish u a very productive season!
thanks for the mention!!
We will be reaching out to some one soon to have them claim their FREE Prize of 50 Holiday Cookies!! Who's excited!
We really need to love on each other as much as we can. Today-right now. We never know when we're going to lose someone. RIP Will Ard
imma be the weirdo stalking u
Thanks! I really hope so....
still fired up from super saturday meeting @ pasadena hilton! team revolution rockz!!!
thanks for the helpout though. Auto-reboot is no longer enabled on my computer.
he was indeed. he facebooked his entire experience under "David Spancer has cancer." He had a warped sense of humor like that.
let me not lie, I have dr. Peppers, a bag of Gardettos, and several nutella to go's!
I blame the Hawks not taking care of their star athlete. He won them the Cup, brings them tons of money, he needs help! :+(
"Modeling Statistical Properties of Written Text" Filippo Menczer
I've always miss my grandma but I've been missing her more lately.
The value of my house is
Been walking around the mall all day
he's beautiful
RT : Weekend 2 Tent Camping is now sold out. Car Camping spaces are still available.
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adriaenssens. Keep a look out for some behind the scenes :)
females make you so mad smfh bout to eat and go to bed C
I'd prefer the banana peel myself to get skaters going around in circles.
You don't always have to forget. You just have to move on.
I believe s beard could single have handedly win that competition.
#shittybandnames mighty mighty kidney stones
caus u fake josh but its cool
Great Sunday with my family. Joey got to launch a rocket. What a blast...
Twitter:- What's happening? Facebook:- What are you thinking? MySpace:- Where is everybody?
FINALLY in Tennessee. #loveit (:
I will bet you there is a sock or underwear stuck inn the pump at the bottom? This very common. you need to remove the hose
So totally just remembered I had a sex dream with my coworker last night. It's going to be awkward to see him today.
Take the next two seconds to follow !!
GL! You'll do GREAT! Remember that were here for Q's if u need us. #HCG RT Day 1 of VLCD. 25 - 30lbs loss by March 1st.
Mike Brewster, C, Ohio State.
Watching my brothers house for the week now i just have to find something to do well im here
I gave my brother my ID, I hope they don't find him though. Cause they be knockin' on my door, now they lookin' through my window.
"You must show more respect for the invisible world, because often what you don't see is what you get." - Karen Salmansohn
we're promoting them so that they can make the money... Without radio how will they build awareness?
Looks like the Euro market open will probably turn the #GBPJPY south
My back is killing me.
my wife was there this morning too. 2 referrals for you! (should be)
Happy New Year to all - hope you had a blast last night and are feeling alright - best wishes for 2012!
I think I've seen that guy hanging out around the ball pit.
Thumbs Yes!!
Thanks for spreading the word!
what patience?
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 10
Draft budget: Expenses to jump from $638k to $2.27 million
CAPS LOCK ASDFGHJKL;'
I would have done the same thing...
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler".
middle-class*
It's tough to swallow some pills and admit when you've failed. But I'm gunna have to take the L on this one....
Do you know someone on facebook that should like us?? Share a link and we will be forever grateful! We are also on twitter
Or when we go to war against China?
so I just put your name
yes u do it was freakin EPIC ! :)
Left hand turn from right hand lane, crossing 4 other lanes. Miami drivers
Good Luck! :)
dont worry bout what they do its all about me & you
We learn from our past, grow into our future and relish the present!!! B/C the present is a gift! Never give up!!! -Melissa LeEllen
wow I'm surprised you get that beer! Brewery is 20 min from my home town!
Will there be coffee there? and wifi? Newsroom may come over
I'm DVRing can't wait to watch!
My broskiiii is on twitter so umm follow her duhh.. I love her n so will you!!
Did you get my unnecessarily long VM? Visit. Let's plan one.
Arlington NAACP working to have Division Street renamed MLK
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Home opener today, can't wait for the game.
Then they decide to blast on twitter how they aren't going to tell anyone about their personal lives? SMH
As an activist & survivor of bullying, I'm working 1 day a time to give a voice to these kids. We have solutions.
And new-shoed! RT : Gloriously dim summed.
Im half tempted to clean this girls room. Its a mess !
Gave someone my card tonight and later realized it lists my myspace page. #NoteToSelfDon'tBulkOrderIn2007
Withey or without he...they're going to lose.
It definitely drove different. And it didn't have many options, so not close to as nice
I'll see what I can do. RT New suggestion for pop culture conventions: Cosplay changing rooms. The bathrooms are getting crowded
Did anyone catch the HUGE sized burger on KUSI this morning from American tavern?
#PaulHeyman thinks he's all that. It irritates me...His voice hasn't hit puberty either. He's dumb. And ... WHAT'S UP WITH THAT HAIR???
I bet I missed the #WELead luncheon. I had a wild day yesterday!
finish...and then share???
just as I am going to bed... :( I always miss your stickam chats now... No Bueno!
i don't disagree with u there but don't feed ppl bs about how u were a yankees fan for life when u used to go to O's gams
follow people. she holds me down and knows my whereabouts!
I don't know if I'd say that PAINT YOUR WAGON deserves a critical reappraisal, but there's a *something* there, on a proto-Brokeback level.
no she bailed- typical
The cure: When Padres get shut out; next game whole team goes into the stands & sign autographs (with smile) for 30 min!
we are just gonna have princesses, cats, and giraffes instead of clowns. our room is gonna be fun and filled with yummy food
Billy Squire deserves a helluva lot more respect than we give him...anything short of a federal holiday is rediculous
LOL!!! RT : if you missed out on last night...i don't think we can be friends anymore.
this roach boud to get ha buck tooth dirty ugh i wish i can beat the backness off like im so so serious ( :lol
love you too!
"I am the Resurrection and the Life; whoever believes in me even if he dies, will live." -John 11:25
Among coffee lovers the average coffee consumption in the United States is 3.1 cups of coffee per day.
who has a better day Andre or green also foster or benson
Thanks! We hope there are lots of random acts of #travel kindness this July 4!
very exciting though- congrats! Now I'm thinking about how my HS grad was 10 years ago
"We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while...
I must be a masochist for still watching my #Ravens in this horrible mess of a game.
#jeremeylin RT Campaign office contributions - You Lin some, you loose some. Also, now is the linter of our discontent.
A level Film and Media Studies : Advanced Production: Task 1.4 ...
Dont try to fix the piston if its the rotor that's broken..
u need to call me asap
The Summer Need to hurry up.Im a be Out
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.
Brewed a schwarz-weizen today - it's in the fermenter with the Bavarian yeast beasties.
. on how CCDP peer-reviewed books not entering library catalogs bc they're free online, never go thru acquisitions
Happy Monday! I hope everyone had an incredible weekend.
I love when she calls me all emotional because she hasnt heard my voice in awhile
It's so freaking hot. Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Haha : #AskObama When will you be appointing Olbermann as Civility Czar?
Who's Jerry... Well I would tell you but you know it is a really long story ;) Aha
Nice. And that's not even a one dimensional comment either.
Yeaa! Done with finals!!!
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
over a 66-game season, not as much randomness, but over two games, a lot.
lmao im at home doing absolutely nothiiiiingggg
I hate being lied to
"Skeet Skeet Re*Mixer4 Katy Perry & Kesha" Friday NW DC 2night| Send names 2 get in FREE VIP LIST:7034073810
. We are beginning to lose the pioneers from the heady days of technology: Jobs, Ritchie...
What's left to say? You are more than a boss but also true friend. Thanks for your ongoing support with my HotMesses. :-)
13 was not so lucky for the #gospursgo- 4 minute fourth quarter shooting drought ultimately did them in- "out to lunch" after Thanksgiving?
the fact that idk what happened to tonight <<<
What happened to all the gay ppl? Montrose has be reappropriated by hipsters into food truck land. I liked it better before.
Had an awesome time at Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits holiday party. Love the beer but was super excited to try the gin and whiskey!
Sunny in the Beaches. Where's the breakfast spot I remember from the last time, morning after I saw the Greenaway film at the Fox?
CHEAA RT : & just touched down in my LIVE at the #901to931Party I'm ready 2 SHAKELIFE!
how about them Sixers, huh?
You Obviously Love Oreos :)
S/o a man who does everything to the best of his ability
Take advantage of what God has given you .
Tropical storm Fay has left Tallahassee and the sun is finally shining as I pick up lunch.
Okay... The button at buffalo wildwings has been pushed again!!
thnks 4 the inquiry. offers nationwide,24/7 rapid hiv tests,20 min results,in your home/chosen location www.tkno.org
We're looking for new wine blogs interested in joining the Ad Network. DM or if you > 1K views/month.
Are you sure you don't mean, 'Long car rides = time to retweet everybody.' ? Lol, see you tomorrow, Riley! :D
If there is one thing that really burns me up, it is all of these idiots around the country here who have been dancing around....
yes I did I'm getting off now
"He who laughs last didn't get it"
its just a team i use for casuals.
SInners is such a good album! I paid full price for it cause i knew it would be worth it :P
Haters Are Actually Lovers In Disquise .
Good ass game
your 'favourite' band opened! I see what you mean
happy birthday Roselyn! Hope you have an awesome birthday and the best year yet! =)
congrats when is the weeding
RT : Realize that you create your life with the thoughts you think and choose to believe.
AY all u Sick hip-hop beat maker im doin a new mixtape hmu with beat if yo skills are relly UP!!!!!!
GAW Monthly Newsletter! Get it now.....
www.sofiafellini.com Coming soon! Sing up!!! Don't miss... My followers, Please share with your friends...
I would love to! Can you email me I have been gettong a lot of media coverage so this will add to it!
good morning :) <U+2665>
Have an amazing 2012
lmao what other response could I expect from you, after all, you are a
oh fun! Japanese brain-operated swivelling cat ears will be #1 on my Christmas list for next year. 2nd, the uke machine.
Shin splints =
Wow! That was really beautifully done! Seriously awesome work! I'm impressed!
Thanks for the great writeup, guys! Really appreciate it!
"[Scandal is] network, it’s formulaic..it fits squarely in the feminine junk drawer, with “Grey’s Anatomy,” chick lit.. women’s magazines.."
that means royals batters didn't strike out. So unlike them.
what are you going to NYC for?!
I did too! Hahaha. Stupid hoes.
Thank you Tweetdeck, for just now showing shooting incident info somebody sent me on Sunday. You suck
Has anyone invented a hepafilter window screen for the home? That would be a good idea and I would buy them for my bedroom.
Seriously? The Prof said that?! Seems like the bogus response of a guy too lazy to take grading/reading seriously.
Going to sleep at 7;30pm was a horrible idea.
I've got the weekend to catch up on the future!
I use hun and sweetie :p Hope you don't hate me now!
Thanks to all my new followers. Love you!!!
It's safe to say i'm never venturing into the world of barefoot football again. My foot hurts like a mother fucker.
booked a lead in a feature film! Check out my website www.ciarrasiller.com
It's so hot
All I want to do is just cry.
Sad were missing #GenBlue luckily we hooked up with free download codes!
I dislike raw onions.
ik that's u piper
Listening to donald sutherland narrate stonehenge decoded
yeah, last time I checked, this is MY twitter therefore I can say whatever I want.
Just got offered a great two-week teaching gig. IN LATE JANUARY.
i am so lonely i have no body im on my on ah lol hahahahahaha
*rolls eyes*
I never believed in love at first sight...till I saw you :)<3
Yes RT“: 'In a world of putrid zombies, Deadheads is a breath of fresh air' says Bruce Campbell "
Sometimes you have to say Goodbye to someone and say Hello to yourself. How are you gonna love someone when you don't even know who you are.
Being Austin! :) ur so amazing!! <3
Every time I try to give new/exciting info about someone, he already knows it or can dispute it. IDK how he does it.
what's involved in being a sponsor??
#Haiti airport tax will compensate loss in visa fees. On other hand #Haitians pay high fees for most visas.
Eat, fart, sleep. Eat, fart, sleep.
Feeling completely blah. I hate that feeling. :(
The overlap would be more similar to Wikipedia and Diplopedia - but a longer response than 140 characters!
Have a big year Dex!
Best way to score a seat for Friday the 17th???
YEARS BEST: Wine Art Estate Techni Alipias White 2010 92 pts Wine and Spirits Wine Art Estate Summer Rose 2010 90pts Wine and Spirits
Integrate social tools into workflow
Look I'm not in the mood to listen to ur shit man! Oh that's oj and vodka u got there? Well get over here n talk to me bout some shit man...
thanks so much for the Retweet. I appreciate that very much.
I've had this ticket since feb. and I just now see this. I'm so so so dumb. God damnt.
#ThanksToMyMama I don't need anyone else to confide in at the end of day but her & God.
im gonna miss my friends and someone else when school is out...
Why can't the T-Rex clap his hands? He's dead.
Knockin' them phone calls off my list! Productive night, bitches! Too early to judge? Ne-vah!!!
Ha! I have, but thanks for sending!
Wrapped this morning at 4am my daughter woke me up at 6 - Back on set tonight at midnight for dance scene - damn.
yes o:
thx for coming out- just finished up
Tonite- Cosmic Charlie High Energy Grateful Dead Doors @ 8:30
Grrrrr and she bit me on both shoulder blades...coward!!! I hate to commit murder on Sunday but shes just begging for it!
hey didn't get back to about 1st ? cause i didnt have answer. We have a new reporter coming Monday 4 #SouthCounty coverage
Because we are molded by events and memories, bits and pieces that we put together to make one self
Most likely, cyber attackers/hackers just piss me off :L
thats only 5 mins!!! I want the whole thing!
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a screenplay? Matthew Ethan Davis, published Indie Theater Now
Austin's new cover was so amazing<U+2665>
you have a girlfriend?
My Graduation is the 23 I will officially be out of high school!
The greatest feelin is when my loved ones check up on me when im having a rough day
Oh yeah! This was awesome! I didn't have my camera out. Took some pictures today that I'll publish asap
but don't we need evidence of this to support the argument? DH can help tell this story
any plan to add the show from earlier this month to the archives so I can watch it again?
Will that frozen whole chicken on my kitchen counter thaw in time to cook, or go into the oven half frozen?
is amazing! About to get our autographed print (Doc Brown in the TARDIS) framed to hang in the foyer!
Oh good, before 9am and the boss has already thrown his first tantrum. Attempting my best Milford man impersonation.
Monday morning. Same shirt different day.
haha i won't. haven't seen anyone to judge
know exactly how u feel!!! Lol it's okay we all have our days!:)
Tired but dont want to sleep :P
Just wanna go to the beach with a stereo and some food while watching the waves crash.
Happy Halloween!
Great now ima be downloading music all instead of accomplishing anything that I have to do <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
How was your meal?
my family are out enjoying while I'm here....*ROAARRSSSS*
I just sent you a LinkedIn request. I realized too late that you might not know my last name!
Awesome crew in Bus HQ calling to build support for Marriage Equality right now; Feels great!
Whats good New York? Get at me...
So this girl on Facebook comes and say jealous much,and I say jealous of ur ugly ass face bitch so how u sound tell me I'm jealous smh
Those guys just tried to rip stuff off and buy syringes at my friends store at Vermont/Smonica a week and a half ago.
Not even Sidd Finch could save the Mets this season.
What if Liz puked chicken :o
Hey wanted to give you Jodie's Twitter..She didn't know how to do the whole follow thing so here ya go
anna deavere smith is a
: "YOS defines recidivism rate as a new criminal act that results in the admission to adult prison"
No. Casey made $468,000 last year. RT Is Rickie Weeks this years Casey McGehee?
I guess most like them because they never stopped being fans of him since 2004 or they like people getting beat up lol.
You now know things about me that no one else does. Can we keep it that way?!
. Oh, it's not typical by any means. But that doesn't make it good either.
That's What She Said lol, don't worry, you're no loser
About the Author: Arsene Hodali examines life through whimsical thoughts, questions, and actions over at The Good Life?
Just slept for 13 hours. This never happens... #refreshed. Thank gawd for being done with school! :)
One hour away from our last Think Art Act Science conference with! Starts at 6:00 sharp at 800 Chestnut!
can't wait to see it on my incredible 2.
Lone fish tonight.
Obama appoints Robert Velasco as acting CEO of the Corp for Natl and Community Service. Velasco is the current COO of CNCS
They will always have much to say...
Trying to find out what I base my happiness among. Why do I wake up every morning?
SWV's "I missed us" album, released yesterday!
Chicago for the night to offer security, navigation, and moral support for the girls and their new kids backstreet concert.
Day 1 1538: We did it.
Joe Karaganis is mentioning #karagarga, what.cd and
we'll check on your submission and get back to you in the next few weeks.
Now that Childhood Nutrition Reauthorization passed, no more important bill... than the Farm and Food Bill. William Dietz
A helpful explanation from author Ken Follett at #ThrillerFest: While curiosity drives mysteries, thrillers are all about danger.
my snark is universal!
She went to the show today anyway :P
The latest on the shooting of a 4 year old in Dorchester. How the community is reacting tonight. On #7News at 5:30.
I love how they pan to on the #comedyawards like people know who he is, they will after "Animal Furnace"
lmao ok ok ok you got me. I still think RG3 is better than Luck
It's been a few years since i had one, but they were big in Chicago. Enjoy, and do report back.
"Sin is not just a morality issue, it's a mission issue." - Chuck Mingo
carries on the Schwartzian torch. Same space, many of the same people.
nope. I don't watch it. Strangely I didn't like it.
hope you had a good run! enjoy your half tmrw! we should have coordinated so we could talk on the phone the whole way! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Whats new that happened this week?
aww im sorry hope you feel better. Im just getting now getting better.
-c- of clothes. You don't know how much I cry every night because I wish I was prettier and skinnier. You don't know.
It's a lovely spring day here in Madison (not to brag or anything) -- hope all our followers are enjoying similarly good weather!
sad thing about me being the only who knows someone is about to be fired, the person that's going to be fired doesn't even know yet
Losers First, Choke Forever
Kimmy and lucas's tango gives me the chills.
so i guess ill be heading to #gwawards representing -- hat and all. :)
yeh stop being shady..
I actually think Esperanza stole it from The Little Mermaid's human form.
I say it all the time..?
I don't have a booth there. Can we schedule some time at my studio while you're here? DM your info.
Thanks for the praise, brother!
whats the #bagel scene like #seattle? aside from eltana
Anyone want to complain about Vilma's suspension now?
Going to be epic!
Glad to see on twitter! We're happy to represent your fine publications in North America.
Obama kills a pipeline, opens up offshore drilling.
Ill take you up on that offer in 5 days
It was good to begin with, but how smart was the Broxton signing??
oh no.... Next time ; )“: ah Manu.. thanks for the invite.. :) But im in Chennai!”
you should follow
This girl on Honey 2 suck At dancing.
Welcome Courtenay to the family! RT : Very excited to welcome to the team today!
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
lol Its the worst being behind on reading...Whatchu all reading btw
Really lookin' forward to church tomorrow. :)
I'm prepared and ready to be the change I want to see in the world. Today is the first day. So excited to start creating ripples!
Amen to ur advice to Mommy on that accident stuff-Can't believe she said that! SMH So glad to have you back in my morning!
Thanks for the follow! looking forward to your tweets
we use Desk
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler The Deruler That Got Away
on skype literally all night with the girlfriend.
Thanks Mick!
Wow, you're really pretty. :o x
wait. Did u say off for the rodeo?
Good Morning!!!!
what's good!
thats all i know though haha
cute picture :) you should consider making it your default.
Ehhhh I cant find a picture of Lou todayy D:
follow m bestfriend she loves you.<3
Obviously, I want to see Canada win game No. 2 tonight, but am not hopeful.
I've been looking for this Juco PF's name (FLA offer) ? Got a link or name? Thanks.
Yes very sad but we appreciate the RTs and wish you a great Friday!
Shoot, I was hoping to pick some up while I was out today. Guess I'm buying online. Thanks for the info!!
that bitch got fuckin caked today
Ahaha I was rapping the motto to my mom she goes "what kind of friends do you have?" Hahahahahaha
And the awkward neighbor girl: dubstep, opium, and hardcore porn.
Friday, Friday, kickin' it on Friday...
I own the series on DVD...good stuff!!
Ugh, so tired. Why am I still working?? This has already been a long week...
i have a really big family i have 4 sisters and 1 brother plus me thats 6 kids all together
Page 38 of 366 how to use your vibrator
We hope everyone had a safe and happy Independence Day!
Sounds like a party!
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to share tweets
Here comes the sober life
idk! Why eat a chipotle bkfst burrito? What I want is a chipotle burrito for breakfast! They dont need new products just early hours
Bucks-76ers! Okay... I agree, not too sexy.
so excited to go to prom with !!!!! #funtimes :)
hell yea lol
Just announced: will join our 5/17 #ACBW lineup:
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack |
I'm pretty sure is the only person in the world capable of moderating that panel.
Ok people, give me your best small cap developmental bio pharm with catalysts coming soon. if I like it, I'll write about it.
yea we do we have 24 made but there not on YouTube yet cuz were getting stuff together and plus Lexi is grounded 4 1 month
#IWant sex when I want & need it. I don't enjoy being horny & not having anyone deserving to handle it!
Hello to everyone attending the NINES summer institute today at UVa, funded via the ODH IATDH grant program.
so good to find u on twitter. I'm tweeting randomly from Motherhood Online in honor of #MothersDay this week!
Tomorrow don't forget friends a new live baseball podcast on toadhop network with special guest Steven bauer from scarface
Oh, my! has opened my eyes to how much Steven Tyler looks like an old lesbian.
I hear it's a worthy drug for that purpose!
Aw, thanks, Becca. And I agree - this series is always so informative. (I still need to try Sockerbit!)
needs to start tweeting "angrier" shit of he want us to take his name for real!!!
Who says you can't improve on a good thing? 7,500 apple cultivars. New Zestar (thanks ) gives Pink Lady a run for her money.
Oh. OMG madison is being so mean.
Great article Paul!
This years #grammys has been one of the best, so far.
What Twitter has done is legitimize a week's worth of stories off a single comment, tweeted or spoken.
Come down for Happy Hour today. All appetizers are half of and drink specials!!!!!!!
Twerp twerp twerp twerp twerp, that ass.
Call and place your Super Bowl orders! We will have a limited quantity of Patriot and Giant cupcakes and cookies available on Saturday!
RT : Tune in to Fox at 8:30pm where I discuss the imminent #SuperBowl win
that too.
Some people are tweeting refs at Broncos/Steelers game today named Matthew,Mark,Luke,John. ACTUALLY: Ron 2x,Rich 2x,Julian,Gary,Scott
OH DAMN RAVEN IS 90 BUCKS I might pass :(
#boxing Yes, Pacquiao was never impressive in this fight but he was the one one that kept going after Marquez not the other way around.Con't
sendin prayers 2 the families of those killed & injured in Reno 2day blessings 2 the families
awesome, glad I got to see some games, buy some merch and follow all season
“: idk bt Eminem is NOT the best rapper ” lyrically he really is
Happy Stuff That Turkey Ass Day
when can u buy the new "YOTTO" shirts?
And my suspicion deepens.
Kicked myself off pinterest. :(
hi twitter friend, wanted to say I love everything about FoodNetwork, you guys do a fabulous job!
RT : The best things in life are not things. (via )
Ha I got my kiss in the rain (;
rejects my calls and doesn't answer my texts:( <U+E413>
Thank you.
like its bad?!
Another video?!? why?
they should be 3rd. Pitt and philly should both make playoffs. One will get the wild card
Thanks! It is indeed a commercial space. About 400sqft in a much larger building with a few other businesses.
It's all good! There is always next time!
So True. RT : "There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way." – C Morley
The holidays are over. Guess we gotta start being a band again. You guys wanna practice this week? Finish that song about naked camels?
if you spell marketing right first, of course! ;)
AD RYAN!!!
Now I ain't even gotta say sh*t to make you feel alive, girl you know you like that ;-)
I think Patton Oswalt just came out against Napster.
when she said that u think she met her legs lol
I Wanna Party Like it's 19Q4, Eye of The Tiger's Wife,
the night is young and so am I. One of us has to age and I'm not about to let ie be me
": breaking out the reds tomorrow"I gotta bring the camera then.
Finally Tenleytown has AT&T service in the metro.
Thanks so much for coming! is indeed pretty fabulous.
lol Says the girl with the girl with the dirty ears lol
This Tinkerbell dress needs to be adiosed immediately.
follow back?(:
haha this little girl tryna sing ...
You are like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season & whose leaf does not wither. - Psalm 1:3
How are things there in Detroit?
um i think jst study for the pop quiz? idk what else..? :o
Went to the Mariners game today. Jealous, JC?
RT : "Believe in your gift and continue to hone your craft by revisiting those places which serve as inspirations." - Geri Allen
#superfan too! RT : I should have a DD Ipass. I'm in there every day
Only the strong survive! Some people just can't keep up...Do you have what it takes to transform your body and your life?
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
but your time isn't free, is it?
Likewise! Had a blast. We should do it again sometime.
Work 4 to close with means 1am or so
i loved last nights episode
I was thinking like a Demi fansite. AdoringDemi or something..
ever gotten a coupon or bargain for following a store or restaurant on twitter? it's our question of the day on 10tv news coming up at 6am
It's not a sprint, it's a marathon.
Happy New Year! Let's make great things happen.
Difficulties and Challenges are merely stepping stones toward your brighter future. God is positioning you to go to a whole new level!
I need to start/finish this paper before I go into a
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
#Vikings have signed WR/Pot Dealer Jerome Simpson to a one year deal this morning. Will miss first 3 games due to suspension.
like legit and every 24 hours my bond goes up 1,000 dollars:/
Webzilla Webhosting Adds Linux Administration Services to Its List of Standard ... - MarketWatch (press release)
RT : Lots of vitamins - and champagne! Always works. ;-) < Ambien and time.
. brought his #Northeastern students to tonight. What a fun group!
my day was pretty good and yours?(:
Anger clouds thinking, prevents positive action, wastes time and makes us and others miserable!
I have so much no one loved only the sea and you)))))
Thanks for the follow new followers! Welcome! And please help us to spread the word! The next BCBA exam is 2 months away!
followed already..follow back thanks!:)
The #sxsw Radio Day Stage is as full as I've seen it yet. Guess that's what Emmylou Harris will do to an audience.
hahahahah - one of the best parody accounts EVER: (thanks )
That's my step-mom's hood. She lives off Blossom Hill on Blossom Acres.
Two days left until the NFL draft. Now to try and move some stuff around so I can actually see it.
my book is about life and experiences people have
vials of blood? sounds like a party!
K's Choice - Not An Addict (European version)
im pretty sure we just received the most annoying telemarketing phone call ever. he was practically screaming @ me. bad marketing & branding
Tim McGraw just keeps getting better looking...that man is SEXY.
Just a reminder that we are closed today and 6:30am Yoga & 7:30am Pilates are canceled for tomorrow (July 5th). Happy 4th everyone.
My name Is Henry.! I hope She follows me one Day.!!!!! .. I love You
thanks for following fam! You r now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!l"
Another chemical agent warning here. Arrests made at TS Plaza. Choose your battles wisely, PDX.
If you dont #believe in yourself, how do u expect anyone to believe in you?
thanks Bro.....Momma turns 84 today.
My to-do list is freaking me out a little bit. Trying to decide where I will be the most productive tomorrow:office, coffee shop or library?
Just got done with a tour of JWT NY. Amazing studio Comprised of a full 5 floors. Have to thank Boris an alumni from Ringling for having us.
u think that's something? read this! NOOSE abuse! FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me julieforjobs.blogspot
you should patent this. for sure.
...not my wedding
Hmm..what to do on a day with a high of 101? Head to Wimberley and go swimming!
LOLOL how are you gonna get them by like recruiting people? Haha (:
Where these lovely books hanging out at?
Going over the call sheet for Wednesday. 30 more minutes and then it's night for me twitterland.
had a long day of doing absolutely nothing with now off to bed to sleep until my little heart desires ^__^
My weekend is here! Headed for my first trip to #Vegas in the morning!
Things that make me happy: a 3-mile run immediately followed by two (very large) slices of pizza.
Waiting for important news! Pfffff
Website relaunch coming soon!
Gosh tomorrow is May 1!! Where the heck did April go??!!
agreed! That whole cd was nice!
if i wanna admit it or not, i was a fighter in my previous life. i am grateful for that.
Just Because Yur Fat Doesn't Mean Yur Ugly Just Because Yur Skinny It Doesn't Mean Yur Pretty
no it's pooh bears lol
DC's a tough place to live on just over a million a year.
Fitness is not a destination, it is a journey.
I love fireworks!!!
A man who makes me want to shave my armpits n shit...for his ass. Cuz I will give a nigga hairy pussy if that's what he deserves .Str8up.
thnx 4 the input. did you find captivate easy-to-use? or steep learning curve?
New beginning for me and WCK RECORDS N FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S GOT AN IMPORTANT MEETING THIS SATURDAY THAT COULD CHANGE OUR LIVES GOD IS GOOD
are you feeling better? recuperating well, I should say...
Officially back from maternity leave...getting ready to re-launch Rosenberg Marketing!!
you would be dead right now? What ? Haha
"The beauty in #Acting emerges from the veracity of your performance."
" I hope the Knicks when game 5 so I can go in see game 6 ^_- ! "
<U+2665><U+2665>Got out of church around 1 in the morning. Got home around 3 in the morning and woke up at 8.... THE SAME MORNING!!!! Ugh -.-<U+2665><U+2665>
Of course! Sounds scary and exciting too! How are the job apps going?
I guess I should have brushed twice today.
The best way to predict the future is to create it!
free throw msising is unacceptable. but to blame the game on lebron when no one else showed up is ridic. dude had 28 pts 6 steals
Workingout...I can only do 8 pull-ups. WTF !!!
Thanks will fix.
put morpholio on my iPad last night. Need to load some images.
San Antonio , Texas!! We are performing tonight at The Ten Eleven! 1011 Avenue B 78205
Man, fishing sucks. Lmfao
hello shea~ good morning~ love you so much my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 71F Fair: 71F Fair
so easy to eat 10!
hey nice to see you here! shiners & seinfeld? mhm
I need a nap before I go home to sleep.
The key is to forget about instant results and settle in for the long run.
So true... Thank God it's the only thing worth doing anything for---> RT : “ Crazy things people do for love”
it's a marathon not a sprint
Sometimes it's fun to see how old information and ideas can be new again! I love showing undergrads reference resources at times like these.
Yeah, pretty bad.
I'm so exiting for Believe when it is coming out I can't wait anymore.
also found it, without the music. I think played it over it?!??....
I have decided that I want to BE Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. (The film is on Netflix, b-t-dubz.)
Tell me something how are we ever going to come together as a people when we seem too fear one another.There nothing to fear but fear itself
yeah i lied...picked it up yesterday but i've been meaning to tweet it bc i obviously want khloe to see ha!
Put that meeting in the win column.
": We are 55 followers away from 30,000! Can we get there by the end of the day?!
Tweet #ImAlexsGirl if u love and tweet #RobertsGirl If u love
Floated the Yellowstone river, saw a bald eagle, golden eagle, ducks, geese, deer, hawks, birds and some odd two legged creatures fishing!
Tweet 101 class with hosted by #AOTB!
Readin' murder books, tryin' to stay hip
"Drink wine and save cats" your email subject lines are genius! (crazy-cat-lady-editor-genius)
ah, *there's* the Mariners I know. >sigh<
Responded to VACATE @ 729 East 217th St, Bronx, NY 10467 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
I dont understand why people go through other people to find stuff out. Man up and ask for yourself!!
Its Slick Lame W/Out The Seniors
i just went for a run. it's 65 degrees, holloween decorations are out, and i could smell roasted marshmallows....fall's here (:
You started your own hashtag for the wedding?
today is late~
Make healthy pancakes for balanced breakfast: 1 egg, 1/4 c of fage 0% yogurt, 1/4 c of oatmeal and little water. Blend, cook, and enjoy.
The sub would remember when I snuck out the class like last month XD
haha oh trust me i know you do ;)
Tornado sirens went off yesterday during a conference call with our project team in Huntsville, Alabama. Scary!
TODAY MENU: Sour Diesel Phnom Pehn Island Sweet Skunk Lavender Lambs Breath Fruity Juice Hugh Hefner G-13 Strawthern Lights Blue K
pretty thrilled that they're playing an obscure spice girls slow jam in safeway right now
Do you have my boyfriend? He's missing.
you doing ok?
my weekends are more part of my work week -> I'm starting a new #art work #NightRanger #MasterofROCK by himself
give Chip & Dale a hug for me!!! :)
Was it Dick Van Patten or Kierkegaard who said, "If you label me, you negate me."?
oh lol i see what you did there, and i'm ok with that too.
The ultraviolence of clockwork orange is a bunch of sissies. I've killed way more fools dan that. Plus, if you speak like a british,it funny
Btw, we graduate in less than 20 days. How insane is that?!
lil weezy, thanks for the love ;)
thats was pretty hype. I agree.
OMG, maybe they don't know about Second Life either?
Watching "SportsCenter" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks very much! I can always count on my Falpals :)
I know I should eat the strawberries, but I'd really rather easy the cheesecake :-)
The ladies of spin punk, r'n'r & more tonight! Cheap drinks, slings, come dance 10-4am!!
Pumped for tomorrow & to be involved with #PhilanthroFest participants: cc.
If you have any pictures from last night that you took of or with us, tag us in them!!!!!!!:)
is the cutest thing ever!!
good work ! Makes me happy to see dogs adopted :) I hope to be in one of your pictures someday...
yeah. Shocked but still believable.
well I tried with the "sticking it" remark, but it missed
Miss the crew that was at #amasummit last year -
baha it's almost time to start getting mail from AARP. Talk to mike lane about it, he'll know. Happy Birthday oldie!!!
See 's The this wknd! For local theatres & showtimes text AVENGERS & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text
Just got done feeding the homeless with the Valleydale Youth, now about to hear Dad preach #Let'sDoThis
nice to meet u!
RT if you are a Aquarius
Bed time..
I don't know the answers, but there sure are problems in our education system to be solved!
Your ok this morning?
Thinking about heading out to the pier. How's the weather holding up at the Pompano Beach Seafood Festival?
Another spell/grammar check gem, correcting phrase "fair lady." "Consider the suggestion that includes both men and women."
then start tweeting it RT : hybrid attendance : you start reading tweets on a presentation then you join it physically
I did...autocorrect :(
Gonna throw some burgers on the grill... And kick back..
when i see those i always think of "if the balls aren't touching, you aren't gay".
As always, my go-to motivational/demotivational combo is "At least you're not on fire" #perspective!
Up at 3:30 am this morning
i think when my mom has her baby, ill make that into a card and see if she slaps me or not
Hurrah! RT #FF to the NEWEST members of : & So excited to have them on our team!
to surpass my own expectations and reach my goals of success so I can help my younger siblings reach theirs... That is all
We've headed "South of the border" today for the Ladies Member/Guest & the costumes & carts look FANTASTIC! Good luck, ladies!
WHOAA Cary tweets outside St. Louis
Any parents out there having trouble finding age-appropriate costumes for their tweens and teens?
What is your favourite song to perform on stage ?
Ahh best night ever <3 tweeted me again -goofy smile-
Cold world no blanket out here for real.
hey, any interest in presenting Exit Strategy at the NYC Mobile Tech Meetup on Oct 12 at ?
Thanks:) Haha, Finals are just like exams at the end of the school year. I have them all next week:\ & lunch was fun because I
Josh Hamilton = Sick
isn't the goat fun? Next time, we go for speed. I wanna be there. Let me know when.
hell funny
you know the theory that a person can drink only so much milk until they puke it up? That's how I feel about research in the LIS field.
Really enjoyed Extreme Materials Exhibit w/ How often do you get to laugh (in a delighted sort of way) at an art exhibit?
“: Rakim is a the god of rap..Rakim AKA the blue print of your favourite rapper.” *solemnly nods head in agreement*
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is when he only talks to me when he's drunk, he tries to apologize for everything he's done. And wants to get back
Be safe out there, NZ!
#Hawks and #Bulls survive, #Magic can officially go fishing.
do you still RT and tweet ur fans? :)
Look for me, & in the crowd on #ABDC tonight!
Guy I work with: "aww crap"... His kid: "did you not make dough when you were supposed to?" #TakeYourKidToWorkDay lolol
Hey, thanks, !
My eyes are still dilated and things look 3D >_<
Class in the AM for me. :( So I will have to wait.
yeah, and Yes. Pretty legit. Plus the tickets were like 50% off thanks to I grew up with that stuff, hard to beat
Thanks, you are right about that!! Good Laugh tonight!
Step Four: Hydrate. Drink 64 ounces (8 glasses) of water per day.
Antonio Brown is the winner of the 2011 Steelers MVP Award. Nice
Ain't nothin on the news but the blues
that is the truest statement I've ever heard.
When people type like they have no sense <<<
Off to Frontenac, gotta visit M.A.C. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
feels amazing to
Already overwhelmed by iphone4s updates, thoughts, etc...enough!
Hope today is a good day(:
How do you fix a woman's watch? - It doesn't matter. There is a clock on the oven.
missing my mom more than ever...it hurts like it did a few years ago...love and miss you mom...
Question: Will a daily deal service (like a Groupon) work in Whatcom? Do Bellinghamster's even care?
Gonna work on some youtube videos with Little Sister:). 13 more days(Feild Days),17 more days(XC),35 more days(School):/
heterogeneous degree distributions and strong clustering in complex networks emerge naturally, they said.
Follow LSU Women's LAX! Email us if you want info about joining lacrosse!
yeah, knowing you! Lol(:
6-2 lets keep this train aroll'n! My picks for today Pats over Ravens 24-10 and Niners over the Giants 27-17. What Do you think?
I seen that lol that's why I want some -.-
Gonna get silly up in there! RT : #VIPFRIDAYS Sounds by contact me at 6179229545
Me and my boyfriend are an odd couple.
thanks for the follow, welcome!
Very windy here in flagstaff
Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life .
-__- Show off, lol:p RT I just found out u can take pics using the + volume bottom
Sorry I get.. I missed the debate tonight. thank you for all you do...
“: when are you coming to party and #FHBO again?” All night LONG!!! uuuhhhh!!
I'm in my martial arts class. Call back around 630
Relationships can be tough, before doing anything rash; drink it through.
KEY to SUCCESS: Collaboration unleashes the power of the many to do together what none can do alone. - at
It really is good to see back home in San Diego. (Except she's now whispering behind a locked door with mom and sister.)
yeah, thanks :) so, how are you & Anny doing?
Most ploys to have you save money involve you spending it first. That counter-intuitive argument is not going to work today.
Not sure. I went from 5.5 to 6gb though. Retweeting counts?
$10 VersaSpa Spray tans through the end of November! Must mention Facebook to receive this price! Call for an appointment (425) 643-5772
studio should be up and running in Charlotte,NC next week
Watched the American Horror Story Marathon on FX last night. Its my new favorite show.
is reading a review of my favorite resort Casa De Campo, on www.oyster.com Oyster Hotel Reviews.
evo morales is an embarrassment
I'm convinced the large format of a desktop display is the reason web design and apps interfaces have been incoherent and random. No limits.
Thx U...I'm Glad you liked it!!
catching bus2pet shop
During later years he gained his experience in real life situations in violent confrontations against the fascist thugs
Talking to 7th graders at Holy Apostles about working in radio/media. Hm, what should I tell them?
Towards Uganda. The video is VERY well done but it preys on your ethos w/ Jacob & the birth of his son Gavin to make you feel strong emotion
What a week. 5 people hate me and I'm stuck at work. Lovely. Maybe everyone's right and I am a crazy fuckup.
From everyone here at Island Real Estate, merry Christmas to all of our Facebook friends!
This wines got me feelin fine
OU Oh Yeah!
oh. That's a very nice neighborhood. No junkies and white trash like you get in hampden.
RT if you find out about Carly Rae Jepsen from and not Justin Bieber. Check out their cover of the song btw :)
she was talking about driving in LA and I was like why is Amber driving all over in LA????
booking a flight tonight.
wah I miss you more. I have a lot to tell you. #boyprobs See you tomorrow, love you!!
Thanks for posting city state locations :)
Productivity tip - coffee and Girl Talk radio on Pandora.
So excited to watch #khloeandlamar!
Hope everything's ok bro!
My wife don't realize she means more to me than money. So until she goes home I'm her hospital guest.
Rockin' out to Party Rock in the back of Danielle's () vans.
Up. Drinking coffee and smoking. #nowplaying apocalyptica I don't care
man bro can u mix and masters dese tracks for the mixtape
To carpenter ants, I am a serial killer.
Washington, DC Trade MIssion to Brazil please
My daughter got home from a sleepover and almost fell asleep in her spaghetti - asleep by 7:30, a new record!!
fine, DON'T call me.
hello awesome end to the week!!!
Not gonna be able to watch YouNow today :'(
Bad day to burn! Red flag warning in effect across Grand Valley
I see you. But, do you see me?
Smashing Vegas 3/23/2012 I'm Live Host/DJ at Larrys Villa Strip Club
Someone should bring me some food <U+E347><U+E120><U+E33A><U+E33B>
girls are so hard to understand. half the time i dont even understand myself.
try ebay there are ususally cheaper there, decent mac minis can go for $500
#follow my gorgeous sister #actress #model you can also see on "the b*tch in apt 23"
: Awesome effort today as we begin this journey of many miles with one foot in front of the other!
If Justin losing to Bruno can make you cry, I'm willing to bet anything would.
Sick Beard: Started Download: The Sopranos - 5x07 - In Camelot.
thanks gary! glad you think so! shes an amazing person!<most are but I'm tilted in their favor.
Everyone check me out on habbo my names motorvirtualDJ. Got it I hope u do k. Now this is me sayin and I aint playing on sayin goodbye!!!!
dat is wassup where u from ma?
So u send your best friend to check to see if I'm on Jackd!!! Can't even call that stupid. But damn!!! Yea this is def over!!!
excellent! Let us know how it goes, we hope you create lots of great images!
But o.a.n finna find sumbody ta txt til I fall asleep
man i remmeber the day i wrote a Bleacher Report article about Danilo is the worst shooter on the Nuggets. was crushed. i still stand by it
diva rooms are NOT easy! Lol
all updates seem to be lists lately. today will likely shape up to be school, bank, grading, laundry, school
Dude I have no clue. q: RT : why so awesome and hot edward?? =))) <U+263A>
Last month, TPS submitted an article in a marine technology magazine about portable turntables for laying underwater cable.
dumb it down
I don't get it. What's the poor part of that choice?
too bad you gave it away yesterday!!! Victoria! Lol
isn't that just making really smart scientists the new class of the religious elite? They know the technical answers and we follow?
Thank you!
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing Have A Great Night!!!
(cont) but at same time if he wins I'm paying it im sure so it's pretty weak 2 let them work u like that. Dealer need 2 step up&protect winR
The picture was also taken in the 1st inning. Park was mostly full by the 3-4th inning. No diff. than Heat games.
Would it be rude if I ate and ran??
fuck your macbook and smoke a blunt
RT Carlisle on his team's resiliency, "This is as mentally tough a group as I've ever had. I love this team more than any team I've had."
What's your favorite store at Charlottesville Fashion Square?
Happy Cinco de Mayo :D<U+2665> !
I love Tuesdays because it means new movies on OnDemand. And i don't care who knows it.
Yep! “: As a #Sagittarius for you only things that seem to be out of reach are worth reaching for.”
the oysters anxiously await you, cowering in their shells. The wine is chill.
got a link to some music?
Are you planning to post your presentation online?
Has anyone ever thought wtf gum is? It holds things together, fixes cars, sticks to anything yet we chew it for hrs n nothing happens to it.
Happy Lunar New Year! <U+606D><U+559C><U+767C><U+8CA1><U+3002>
Bonding? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
#BrianSantryProbz the munchies ..
glance right
Okay time to work..
Happy Valentine's Day to you too love ya RT : Happy Valentine's Day !! Love ya lady!!
Go follow my homies MMI makin big moves keep up....
#signofthetimes Coaches and Players saying too much..See Austin, Marvin- UNC DTackle launched NCAA investigation w/ one tweet
Intl Ed key to stimulating innovation/invention especially in STEM (science, tech, eng, math) fields.
About time to go after Stanley!!
You've got a week left til the #SuperBowl...come grab all you need for the perfect party here!
It's here, folks. A powerful vehicle for political change. Could be a major force if the majority participated. Oh, squirrel!
PS: That poor mom with her sons photo all over fb. I've seen that photo on my timeline many times. :(
I want to blank your hand
If you're an annoying asshole, I'm shoving my empty beer bottle up your ass. You will be just about as irritated as I am.
Shut up, Siri.
Oh my god, Jeff. The 50s called. They want their everything back.
where u at tonight
A rose is prettier to look at than a cabbage and sure smells sweeter but a cabbage makes a far better and healthier bowl of soup.
next time look for one of our Electric Cab's downtown Austin.
EEK! It's Friday the 13th!
I live off of frozen dinners
Telling people to get back in their cage
You think I could tweet my employer's name & stay employed? Common theme in gov't: many ppl not rly interested in doing job
Have fun being successful
Omg I just had me some good white castle
Congrats!! xo
Oakland, CA suffers tragic incident yesterday, no answers, only loss today.
OH MAN GOT MY MINECON CAPE I AM SO HAPPY
Is that good, bad or something else? Also, sustainable for whom? I live by slow is smooth, smooth is fast, but...
...I have such a green thumb yo...
thanks for having me this weekend!!! I miss you.
: Right back at you, Robyn!
Very interesting information. Thank you!
2 thumbs up for perspective
Things are great here too! Graduation is coming up quick, any big plans?
Hi Tweeps...it's 80+ degrees with cloudless, sunny skies here in LA...wish you were here. :o>
Not a bad pickup for the Bravos
Gregory I can fix that.
Oh we going off this summer my boy.
Phone kept me from sleeping this morning...... now its stephen A. & skip Teb.....I meam bayless.
Easter Sunday! Hope everyone has a great day with friends and family.
That song is so catchyy!!!! :D
I smell tater tots and mozzarella sticks
Me and refuse to fail Algebra 2!
Political... Ha!
yeah im going to finals then state
Wishing Miss A Happy 30th Birthday!!
id destroy 2 chains if I really wanted to rap
Soo My dad wants me to get out of the house.
dont shake it to hard
yeah there's always setbacks hah. Thanks homie! Those 2 Robson pieces look sweet!
"Even in the dark baby Imma shine bright!" Always banging dat
you can see real time traffic on google maps but an awesome feature would be predictive traffic for a given time based on history
Thanks for coming out! Hope you enjoyed the front row seat!
DtvDerrek thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
#kids Take a Step for Survival--Join Susan Koeppen's Team: Take a Step for Survival--Join Susan Koeppen's Team Saturday, May 19, 2012 at...
Just got off oovoo with my baby a relief to actually see her again. I love you baby.
I think a poet is anybody who wouldn't call himself a poet.-Bob Dylan
I gotta start wearing my glasses :(
I hate feeling alone... cant wait until he gets home!
Doug wanted to reach out and see how you were doing with the tech analyst. Hope the hockey season is going well.
The DM is slowly being sent out & is subject to 's spam controls. So in the meantime I will just tweet it out while the DM is sent.
If copyright gets more complex it will be even more confusing and it will lead to people ignoring and acting out
Im upstairs and lele is downstairs can you tell her to come up here to me 4 a sec i found something of hers
is that you that won the trip then? congrats if so man! we're shouting out all of our local winners.
You're adopted
. Don't think I misplaced my integrity. Perhaps you didn't read the same column I wrote.
#MTV should just change its name to
Thats my name n dont u 4 get it
Sounds like a freakin plan. A plan I want to complete. D:<
"How does it feel like letting go? I only know how to love."
Did you have fun filming this episode ?
sayin' "we can still be friends" after a bad breakupp is like sayin' "the doq died but we can still keep it"
Painted my room green today, very excited to see what it looks like tomorrow!
get studying then!
TOYS -- darkly whimsical, and pleasantly so.
Leave it to Jackson the fitness model to be the biggest douche during his intro :)
Damn she's good. It's like she reads our minds!
Jarrett Lee thinks Mark Sanchez throws too many Pick 6's
Thanks! There's definitely culture shock, but it will probably feel even more strange when we're back to being 'settled'.
so true lol
hit my inbox with ya location
No I haven't seen her Facebook and I haven't seen her YouTube and ya it does suck I'm a huge fan of hers
oh my fucking god. i cannot deal with my parents anymore.
I love nicki too I'm so exited for tuesday !!!!! Release day woo !
it just got postponed idk if they'll finish or not
haha. hey hoe spaghettio is gunna be my new greeting for u
About to listen to at macalester college in st. paul!
hold on, im fangirling with jess like old times(; <3
ditto! We're hosting 'ARTICLE 19' opening reception here this Fri. eve - 312 Rosemont Ave,NE - plse join us!
great game!
Internet Safety assembly to teach parents about keeping kids safe online
"What kind of guy w/out a drug or alcohol problem looks this way? Only a writer." -Eddie Morra
I am so sad Make it or Break it is over. What am I suppose to do on Monday's now??
Nice, the latest one seemed from Jersey, but too close. All beautiful pics. At the time, I was in WS, but in a basement dentist. :(
indeed! Pressure is in to get glam before the great american clean up on 4/21.
The Packers really are unreal!! I'm watching this Bears game, wondering if they can even score 3 points!
study.....kinda hbu?
#magnolia in #midtown is packed with tourists, but it smells so nice and is so colorful #Can'tResist
Congrats on the promotion. Lot of cold weather in your future. :)
“: let's go Tebow lol!!!!”haha he'll mostly be a situational player for #Jets should his nickname be #thesituation? Haha
Max Steiner composed this score; he'd be 124 today. THIS kind of musicianship is hard to find nowadays and it saddens me....
I'll get a Cam Newton one and pass you all the beers at the bar!
Go Badgers!!!
interesting idea... We will have to keep it in mind down the road :) have a great weekend!
Good looking out, and thank you F.O.D.
I hope you know what you have
hurry home tonight sweetie
We are so glad that you came by yesterday! Stop by anytime! Have fun on the #blogtourNYC!
This is a bit awkward. I've heard a few things and I was wondering if you would mind if I took out Beth?
good morning! Blessings to you.
That tweet makes me think of & singing Sick As A Dog
Thanks Aya! Glad u caught the Showcase last night! Pumped to have everyone @#APAP talking about this new innovative collaboration
you got your twitter back?
*you and me peeing our pants at the lunch line* lunch lady:"what's so funny?" me:"I'M SO HUNGRY!"
If I ever saw that lady on the street I dont thing self control would be an option anymore.
How's everyone doing today?
You the Best Khaled and you need to do a show in Milwaukee or Chi-town. You will rule the game 4 a long time InShaAllah!
Damn RT : Its a one of a kind man! not going to be released commercially!!
See? I told you we're following you xD
Let's just hope everything turns out great! Ready to have a great weekend <3
GIANTS! Ford!
Skype in not secure
Blunts, tequila, kiddie pool, a parked lowrider bumping reggaeton, and everybody wearing wife beaters. That's summer as fuck.
Tweet 10,000: Dedicated to the #sachat & #sagrad communities who always push me to be my best! You're the reason why I'm here. THANK YOU!
hell yea i sho was wonderin what was up wit all them po po round di bitch
May u be around family & good friends, May u have good food drink and cheer, singing around the fireside during Christmas time this year!
I saw a special screening of Step Up 3D last week in houston , Tx ,it was a awesome movie and It was great in 3D =)
brb moving to texas with
“: "My grandpa won't fly since 7-11" - girl blow drying my hair” LMAO!
way ahead of ya(:
Spinnin at Jordi birthday at the Brown in breck come party!!
BVEN Boutique is looking for quality, current up to date resale for consignment. Designer pieces appreciated. Please email...
Funeral for Grandpa produced long lost cousins, siblings I haven't seen in years, and a great visit with Mom and other relatives.
I just discovered #artsmgtchat - and it's about to start, I think.
Happy birthday
MTV should make a show called 61 and Pregnant. I'd DVR the shit out of that.
Gearing up for first Chili Cook-off today! Hope my spicy white chicken chili makes the grade.
Bus was 900 degrees this morning. I love being crammed into a box with 100 people and cooked to start my day.
While teachers teach, workers work & students study, a trickle of artists slinks and skulks the coffee shops.
Thanks for your message.
What a beautiful day today to end the new year!!!!
Thank you Lord, for the breathe of life this morning. Thank you God for yet another <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Keep it rolling
Aya Markets this Saturday 10-3 at 3000 Pennsylvania Ave SE. Healthy, black owned biz Fresh Produce, crafts, and more
Stay by Mayday Parade will never get old to me.
or not lol i got side tracked for sure=P haha love my amanda and patrick!!!
Survived my part of the presentation. Soon, there will be steak and beer.
Can't blame Hannahan there, but it should be 2-2, huh?
I tried lots of food and it was ask good.
Very afraid
I saw it! He was exposed. Zimmerman's father is not helping either. SMH!
You know, sometimes you come across something just so fucking out there crazy on the internet that it actually can surprise you.
really enjoyed your core conversation session at #SXSWi ! Great Job Guys! cc:
Thanks for the years, hustle & memories. Good luck in GS and going forward.
cooking fríjoles negros in the sun / there's a last butterfly flirting / with heatwaves / the day the cicadas woke up
Out of practice and ready to relax but need a major massage...
How the Peace Corps Trains #Business Leaders | National Peace Corps Association: bit.ly/kHW3TU via
cuties, have a good time bby x
wake up the weed is for
#Reggae on Pandora
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
“ I really be solo lol but im not fucck up about the shit”
Where is it written that just because my daughter is friends with yours, we have to be friends?
You KNAVE!!!!
Thank you! Feel free to DM us if there is anything that we might be able to help! Have a great week:)
Cranking on MacBook Air all the way from LA to Atlanta. Powerpoint, email, web & music the whole way. My old laptop would have died long ago
Great shot!
"We are becoming a world nation..what a gift it is. We just have to make sure we invest in it." -Angela Blackwell
no problem :D
Momma, can you help us trend #chriscorradinoislegit for your baby? pleasee
thank you so much for the mention
End of year idea: Get enough sleep?!
RT CA Costco's -membership not required for alcohol. you just need to go to the membership counter and ask for an "alcohol pass."
So very true. RT Days like this make me so happy to be a Packers fan
Nothing on you.. ..
bless you for calling me that! :-) x
What's up papa?...sounds like a nice way to top off a glass of Mona Vie every day. www.TheGreatProduct.com/dougnsonib
I just legit laughed out loud... for a really long time. I would PAY to see a replay of that. Are you okay by the way?
First day in a while that I'm not going to school looking like a grub
#Capricorn knows the rank & social standing of those in their world. To gain access to their sphere you'll need something of worth to offer
scary people!
he definitely killed it!
- I have handled unemployment insurance appeals in New York.
Chelsea just went into beast mode
Thx! You made my day:) & I agree is a stunner w/ a heart of gold w/ brains.. Lol
Got to sleep at 9 last night but I still am tired :/
youre too on top of pop culture!
OK, we'll catch up soon.
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Love how they decide to stop classes in my face class
Don<U+FFFD>t do what you don<U+FFFD>t like- yeah that 9-5!
I know but I liked that one. Haha
Just saw 's Around the World in 80 Days. It's FUNNY! What?! And by the way, I am in love with the set design.
Case study tonight..
Ah! Just ate for the first time today-Quick sandwich on a pretzel bun!!!
going to tank?
I agree, no more man coverage rush 4 antiquated schemes etc... We will be fine, and if breisel can play RG...
She ratchet!!!
Can your friends group help with something like this? RT : Sacramento Public Library unveils award-winning National Library...
the wanted
“This is a terrible time to be a control freak” – Hillary Clinton, U.S. Secretary of State
you're so sweet!! Did you know that? :) That's one of the reasons I was upset about you deleting your twitter!!
You always have a way of sayin' or retweetin' ha! The right thing at the right time
sounds great! We are big fans : )
Maybe I should change my Twitter icon. I do it a lot though I dunno =P
Tough shot by Bell
I agree with Obama about wanting a level playing field. Right on. But bashing on outsourcing is not gonna achieve that.
Imma Put It On Her Like A Shoe !
When I have kids I want them to have everything I had and More !
Remembering 9/11, the lives lost, and the remarkable bravery/selflessness of those who endangered themselves to help their fellow Americans
Hey John Chrastka decided to grace the Twitterverse with his presence follow him
Wonderful to be connected with you, Otto.
9th grade english and 10th grade world history and geography. Looking for any and all #pblchat ideas!
can you play What Makes You Beautiful I'm dedicating it to my mom for mothers day please?
#808Pride ur not gay cause u wanna be gay ur gay cause thats what god wanted u to be so dont fight
I just rolled mine back to "under construction".
Q: Did you follow NY's Fall Fashion Week last week? What runway styles do you like?
i will have my corporate business partners review acct/contract and reach out. if this is an error, we can certainly correct
Boy that's rich..lol..Need SuperStar income to go with it, eh?...T/F/S..
we could use your skills here...the sound is awful!!
Soggy Civil War Pie
Are you following? I can't DM you for the book
New Common Core #Science Standard: Students will be able to state which fruit has sleeves.
#Homebound tomorrow afternoon!
yay! That's wonderful!
One of my teeth has already moved so much sense I got my new wire on tuesday.holly.
The Kentucky Derby scored great TV ratings, but someone needs to explain why they brand is under the Yum umbrella , complete consumer event
aweh thank u!:')
working the afternoon from veteran's park. this is quickly becoming my favorite office.
I'm wondering who should I take to prom?
8 days till we leave for our first tourney!
BREAKING: Former Mass. state Treasurer Tim Cahill indicted on public corruption charges
we out here tryna function
me either!
lovely visual!
Maybe one day I'll feel shame. Like a real human boy.
with Pres Obama making pt that there is much work to be done to build our communities into places of hope that king wanted
Heard about this here in DC. Kind of strange.. Not sure what to think of it.. hm....
Im good on u
i miss my baby Esmeralda :/ <33
MS PAC MAN tournament is on—Get the October high score on our Ms. Pac Man machine in the Alberta St. Teahouse & win a $15 gift certificate!
I'm just sayin he plays football he should at least make an attempt at a tackle and not take 3 teammates out in process.
Boxwire #BizTip: What are the two essential keywords in the phrase "customer service"? Customer - and - Service, pass it on.
u aint the only one
I want Legos!!!!
At the Cocktail Challenge.
and my apologies if I came off impolite to you personally... I have no problems with you... just your fake a$$ BS movement.
“Folks, I'm telling you, birthing is hard and dying is mean, so get yourself a little loving in between.” Happy Birthday
u goin2 pikk me up or meet me at my house?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination!!!
we do know UConn did not lol
Road tripping out to Palisade to tour some wineries. Getting some recon to plan a big CO Wine event at the end of the summer! Stay tuned...
I would like to move my pro account to another account I have set up please let me know how to do that
That leads to your door... (Happy birthday by the way! I hope it's an awesome one, Mr. Brooks!) :P #LoveYou <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Mal
Hey dudes: trying to meet the ladies? Based on my friend requests Pinterest is the new Home & Garden section at Barnes & Noble.
Looking for volunteers who can help us spread the word about us on facebook- any takers please let me know
I was thinking "Wow, He's right in line with that great story I read this morning!" I'm such a fool :-)
want to golf next Saturday?
its awesome man! coul d u get to the link that has the only poem i have left? i was 19 when i wrote it.. thank U :)
Happy null Easter to you!
Same old: 10 of 14 hitters batting below .250 and a staff ERA over 5.30
I'm such a wonderful role model :')
Now that you've had your glitz and glamour fix.. It's time to head on over to Cleveland for a show.. or two... =)
My little doggy Hector ran away from home this morning :( Thankfully he came back ...covered in stinky black shit -.- #GladHe'sBack
- i have some good stats on consumer wine drinkers and price points i'll send you Eric
Dear : Removing WGN from your Chicago service is like banning apple pie from the US....you will lose a lot of Chicago customers
there are many pressing issues for Latinas and women #equality #health #mentors #access to resources
RT: &VegasKool Radio are grateful that a visionary,Steve Jobs, made such a difference in this world.
Now playing "So Real"
Apparently, Iranian President Ahmadinejad is secretly referred to simply as "imadinnerjacket" by government officials.
Tomorrow is National Tequila Day- stop by for $2 Cuervo Gold shots, $3 Tradicional Silver shots and $5 Patron shots. All Day Long!
have to read paper, but dubious of statements such as "Cockroaches do not like to be left alone" when referring to eating poop!
Take a deep breath. Recall a memory that made you happy. Relive the moment. Smile! ...okay, continue scrolling your time line ;)
oh alright. Yeah he's tryin to figure out if he should do it through chc or not but there should be enough people to go to it
Obviously different if you support a team because of local ties/family, but there are "I USED to support Man City" twats.
Thanks so much to for a fun interview today on ! Wes rocks. Will make it to Isbd soon and take you up on your offer!
#BoysAreBack I'm excited cant wait till its ten cmon son
"It is our choices that show what we truly are far more than our abilities."- J.K. Rowling. Consider CASA today and help a child in need.
I am such a douche
If you're a runner and never had a video gait analysis. Get one done. did a superb job on mine. Insurance can pay...worth it!
glad you understand! It amazes me that people around the country are still surprised about how much we (BBN) care about...
#WhenYourDrunkNever think calling your ex is a good idea....
I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes!
Current word count: 3355. Woo hoo!! And now for a three-day break from writing. :-D
Whenever I see a couple running it always seems like one of them is struggling.
Happy Friday, #Pittsburgh!
The one-time reports include up to 1500 tweets from the past week.
i think needs to write a relationshp book
Women always saying they want a "REAL" man.. if u one of them females dat mean u not real yoself. Cuz niggas only fuck wit real bitches.
somebody's about to get unfollowed, i just went over 420 follows...
In need of your services once again...did you get the email about your nephew's dedication?
Happy Birthday then.
Six foot four holla!
Snow on Superbowl Sunday? Get a rooftop antenna and fagetaboutit! Call New Mexico Satellite Man - 350-6428!
My website appears to be down this morning. I hope it magically reappears in the next hour or two so I don't have to deal with it.
'stockpile 35 commercial freezers from your friends and use it as collateral for your bank loan' Roger from Pleasant Pops
May 16th. -Spring Concert May 17th -Crossroads May 18th -Band Banquet May 23 and 24th -Grease May 25th -Prom May 28th -
saw you on Ustream for the Ms America pageant! Great job!!! You looked beautiful Helen! :-)
biting licking sucking
Great article featuring about non union actors going to EPA's and ECC's.
we're playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ 8pm !!! COME OUT if you're in the area!! Hope to see you there!
"Bull" screenplay thisclose to being ready for some eyes!!!
Another hour til the next performance...
My sister is probablly the fakest person I know...
yes almost positive #educon! Just gotta check the funds after wedding! Wish my district would reimburse me!:/ R u a def!?
Need accomodation for your travels? We have hostels, hotels and more on XhostelX.com. New deals for Asia are online. Go to www.xhostelx.com
im happy to whip up some paleo noms for the crew
Thank you brother! And lmao got you! RT : lol got you happy mothersday sis and tell my wife too
:) RT : Gregory Porter - On My Way To Harlem. What a brilliant, fantastic, awesome track. Give the man a #grammy now.
* Bitch You Ainnt A Barbie ; I See You Work At Arby's .
Couldnt stop thinking long enough to sleep and when i finally dozed off i started thinking of someone ;) <3
it's cold..it's 8am ..and there's about 700 ppl here already ...let the fun begin DLD
that's an article about the Noble. I didn't know there was one named after the Nobel prizes. Where's that one?
make a course out of them and make it a game!
First bid of $500 is in! Do I hear $600?!
Bottom of the 2nd giants lead 2-1. Ellis Kemp & Ethier due up in the 6th.
When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite has a Time - Date - Location. 5:45 pm - Tomorrow - ZoneCG Studio. Enter at the back of the building.
In Spirit RT : I'm thinking about starting to fire down tequila shots nonstop until #SMdaySEA - Who's with me.
please follow she is you biggest fan!30
My name is Ivy, and I am a #LookGoodDoGood #Millennial. I #giveback in wicked stilettos.
Last 2 days for National Cruise Vacation Week with upgrades, great fares & onboard credits!! Don't miss out on this!! Call 800-803-7245!
I could watch an entire movie about Dr. Steve Brule
I need a bear shaman no doubt.
Awesome! #Nurses always know how to stand their ground.
True love lasts forever, even in military time.
I know! When I went to my Lady A concert, I was far up but I was still like "OMG thats them, I see them, theyre in my view!!"
: any other specifications? (P.S. I'd happy take a look at any of your rejects)
Here's Hope is incredible.
I'm doing well.
my mom just saw blue waffle mom u r like 3 years behind
there is talk of suspending pro bowl this year yer thoughts
Today is the DMV Study Session 1-2pm @ Newark Now Family Success Center at Bradley Court.
when I was younger I had 4 callbacks for cop and a half (for the kid of course).
How do YOU #LiveaLittle? Come and share on our Facebook page!
Follow my lead.
today was awesome
#IThankGod for giving me strength when I was at my weakest !
The "fish-eye" lens is really a misnomer because I just don't think that there are that many hipsters under the sea.
Speaking at the High School Librarian Association Meeting this morning.
Though I am intrigued by the chicken that comes with "potato and hand-mashed potato." #whowritesthisstuff?
Snag yourself a presale for January 21st @ Ace of Spades today! $10! Grab one quick before they're all gone friends :)
Just started an SSH tunnel while going through a train tunnel.
Trying to get him a $5 gift card. Maybe he won't forget it.
"OUCH, OUCH! THESE PRICES ARE SO GOOD!"
You should start tweeting :) Love you!
Got a Japanese exam tomorrow! Wish me luck!
Time to take the CBI Championship... LET'S GO COUGS!!!
¤ If we had no faults of our own we would not take so much pleasure in noticing those of others. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Wednesdays always my lazy days this shit is crazy I don't even want to change the channel
- Generally showing off your opponents attack ads is bad pol. strategy. But when they contradict each other, it makes sense.
Having a blast in WHJE 91.3 with Jeremy and Brian!
In '08, Obama wanted a Biden apology when Biden said Obama will be tested in his first 6 mos. w/ int'l crisis. Didn't get it.
good lookin out on joining the twitfam! Let's get some music under the belt
haha... just put my name on the grocery bag - guess I thought the tied up plastic bag would differentiate enough
Yeah baby! Shake dat shaker
So true! RT : Just because you understand industry, it doesn't mean your clients do. Write for them, not you.
Definitely possible - Don't know the specs off hand. Maybe wants to take a stroll and write down a phone number?
I just can't believe Shane is gone...
They say Ray J found Whitney dead....
im busy
Beatallica nominated for another Wisconsin Area Music Industry Award! Thanks to all involved!
May 26th! :) I'm super excited haha awesome! How much are they? :)
Bill Fox responds saying that learning computer programming & Web design in K-5 could put students at an advantage as much as a FL can.
NP. Yes I am a fellow actor I'm based in NYC though for now
How North Face leverages PR and events
lmao with the pegs
You took a giant leap forward with that last tweet. Have faith, kid.
Making yourself means taking all the necessary steps to create the life you want.
RT : My people are you ready for ?!?! Starting next Monday!!!
RT : In the woods. Off some leaves. On to the green.
Gotta gangster chick that kill for me, when I was broke she use to steal for mhe, she like my pill when it's kickin in.. She go hard
Just herd this little girl scream yolo when here mom denied her a candy XD lol
TV Lark is to Navy Lark as Grease 2 is to Grease. Or as The Phantom Menace to A New Hope.
Harden need to wreck that nigga..
You spend too much time worrying about other people's image.
RT : Hanover Civil War North Anna battlefield park doubles in size! Park includes well-preserved ground-works 1864
RT : #Pisces are more readily concerned with the problems of others than with their own.
today was really good! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><U+270C>
My midwives were amazing, helping me thru extended labor and holding my hand during Kiddo's surgical birth.
your welcome
Chronicle.....was so
“Racism is man's gravest threat to man - the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason.” Abraham J. Heschel
OMFG!! One of my favorite DJs of all time, THE retweeted my Tweet!! Excuse my freak out but HOLY SHIT!!! :D
sorry I missed your thanksgiving tweet., hope you had a great Christmas
Gotcha!!!! Hope you and your mom have a good Mother's Day!!!
Very good point. Some "appetizers" really are entrees, and some entrees are too 1-dimensional to make for a satisfying meal.
I agree. I've had some success reaching folks 1-on-1; b/c no 1 can rationally argue that guy w/ record of violence is less suspect
We've just joined Twitter. We'll be tweeting tips, answering ?'s, sharing innovative roofing news & supporting the #ABQ community.
There's no way Lexi will die! Come on.
the only good thing about today is that it's nearly tomorrow!
hope to see you at Tia's tomorrow!
Roll up and inhale i live next to denzil
Someone has hacked your twitter account. Please change your password
I'm going to the May 5 show in Nashville too!! #obsessed haha!
Hah. Now now, no need to be sarcastic. Maybe he feels he can better work on improving his game elsewhere.
My brother and sister are bitchs!! sorry for my language, but its true and i dont give a shit!!
Yes. :) As a friend told me, it's impossible to see your own light as other people see it.
We love your style, Barbara!
I liked you better before i saw your 3 previous BF names tattoos crossed off your neck.
Avengers sold out. My brother works at this theater and told me when to get here...
Ugh I'm sorry!
I wonder what my tell is for when I feel Insecure? probably I juss get fidgety like when I feel anything other than comfortable.
RT Hey ! You like people who release books and love dancing, right? can satisfy both of those loves ;)
And that is why not everyone is cut out to save baseball games
Saved yet another customer's data by having hourly #ShadowProtect backups in place via a #BDR. Awesome product & software.
oh bummer lol what did u do rebel
how i'm gonna do that? l0l
#twothings you DONT wanna be behind when driving: an #old lady and her talking on the cell! Can you say #watchout!
mainly a headache and no energy. Some rest and Ill be fine
It would rock if and each sponsored a team with free tickets!
good stuff.
Who knew there was such an after market for teeth?
#Fitness and
for sure!!!
Come back soon!
People are looking at you the way you behave on a golf course because it shows what kind of a person someone is
was referring to the chihuahuas
yum that's good to hear! Haha sounds like your brother should be fixing you up some Japanese cuisine whenever you see him now!
HEY HEY HEY WHATD UP
to bad im going to!
dam dats some crazy ass shit da good thing is u didnt get hurt ..lol
Writing Christmas songs
thats my weakest point
Just downloaded my Portland Boat Show discount coupon. Only good Wed-Thurs-Fri.
Things you can't do in WV, No. 7,413,952: have a conversation with a traveling Swede about surstromming.
U gotta play inside and out. Fundamental basketball
Poor People & Whores left out of history. They're in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle Amazon.
#Lobos - so sad.... Almost could've had it there. :(
Congrats! So you fly for the AF then?
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.”
No, couldn't go. And thank you for the compliments! :)
Praise Jesus. REBUKE THE DEVIL
They say she got it from her mom Then I wanna meet her Moms
For the dummies who wore shorts today..: Bravo !!!
my apologies I'll take care of it personally within the next hour
Watchin Kings Of Comedy.
warm blooded? I think...
ArtPadSF – BRAF Benefit Join the Black Rock Arts Foundation at San Francisco ’s most innovative venue for art: ArtPadSF May 18th 6pm – 1a
there are so many things wrong with
I want to watch an actual talkie like this Lockwood-Lamont film, it's funny
Working on some new songs this week!
I wanna be a Crawley
Will follow the next 15 people to follow !!!!
The moon is awesome
Don't twist, they R scared of me RT : China is NOT "scared to death" of Pelosi as a person. Only in context of us house
every time i see those commercials about ppl that smoke and are like dying or have no legs or some shit. im just like, nigga smoke weed!
Awww Thanks Jerry! And Happy Mother's Day to your mom! (She did a great job!!) *muah*
In NyC for Internet week #IWNY excited to speak at
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.-St Augustine
hey bby i feel like you're almost never on
Yeah; it's ok, sort out my day...:)
thanks for the follow! #tweet it up!
hey! hey! how long you in town for? long enough to snag a beer?
I hate that dry cleaning is soo expensive!
good(: how much longer are you gonna be on limit?
It's a pretty solid film. Less cerebral than Gone Baby Gone, more in line with Heat. Definitely worth a watch.
lol alright nice job then :p
My best friend's from the Lake district. I hiked the Cleveland Way in 2000. Wonderful. Stayed in B&B's and met great folks
RT "Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust."
It's the first of the month :)
I know but I'll probably come see it again when I finish and then I will analyze it I know I'm excited!
#FF cuz she our top artist on staff!! And worth it!
i went there a week or two ago, and it looked like that
“: At the Nets game, hey ” He was awful!
22 is better than a tic tac!
Sounds like you found a keeper :)
File this under petty cash: USA ups aid to Pakistan to $5 bil about what Skype was sold to Microsoft.
Blake Shelton #handsdown RT : Tell us: Who is your biggest male celebrity crush?
I really really don't wan to do this FRQ.
Cmon Rockies... can't you freaking finish off a game?
Cause you'll say you love me and I'll end up lyin and say I love you too
good night MB
yeah I figured it out lololol
Money Bags!
Only one more week of "Earthly Paradise" and "Eden Reimagined" at the museum. Exhibits close Sunday, May 1.
Good Morning to you! ;-)
i need some followers
Its so cool to watch wear #21 - my college #!
February 25th CD release show w/ Low Hums and !! Come by and pick you up tickets!
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Pretty Little Liars online streams
artist of the month on thinknscience.com please go check it out would love to hear some feed back!!!!
follow me it's my birthday
He had zero reason to bean him. Stupid. Hope he's suspended RT 2 outs nobody on. When else should you bean someone intentionally?
the thing with africa though, and granted - I speak with limited knowledge, a lot of it is just as colonized as we are here.
#glee is number 9 on iTunes ^_^
debit card fees have put BOA in a ditch.
That's what I did.
Watching Sister Act 2 Back in habit one of my favorite movies....
i got you
Oooooohhhh!!! He said she ain't got no nipples!!
yea, imma turn it on right now lol
2 days. Can't wait any longer.
pictures of the party will be posted soon. great things ahead!
Watching darker than black and eating grilled cheese and tomato soup
Thanks Laurie! Getting ready for the full album release, will get you a cd as soon as it's ready.
I just saw your jewelry while hanging with . I'll probably come see you guys tomorrow
"Patience keeps hope alive. Hope keeps faith alive. Faith keeps you alive. These 3 move you from your experience to your position."
we will if they trow it
PLEASE, follow back? xoxo :-)
God made man stronger but not necessarily more intelligent. He gave women intuition and femininity.
I know Thompson. I don't regard him highly--he and the minimalists by and large misuse archaeology.
Hey Beauty Influensters, tweet the picture of your favorite #voxbox product. Best photos will be rewarded!
your welcome!
yes, the whole idea with #scareality was to make a game that amplifies existing motivations, impulses… so could work…
Not even buzzing that I can drive anymore
Check out 's book Barking Up A Dead Horse...a different approach to sales and personal achievement.
girl im in the same boat with v-day... only an eh.
you should probably stick to letting me text for you
American Idol over reality show any day.
#Reeves2012 I want to be there...how did I miss this...Oh, I'm in CIITS Training :)
So Nats players have taken to calling Harper "Bam Bam" after last night's incident. Funny.
When seeking a geriatric care manager or elder-care consultant, you need someone who can go toe-to-toe with the doctors and facilities.
never thought anyone saying ciao could be so hot before... AUUUGGHHH
What kind of BS is that! If you exceeding expectations then damn't thats what should be placed on the evaluation.
I floss every day! Good tip!
***BOOK a R&B STAR for your VALENTINES EVENT*** for more info
hoping rose plays tonight :)
I was kidding <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Why are all the good girls taken?
That would make me renew my membership. RT We need to have Tina Fey speak at ALA.
I eat dick for breakfast
I really really really loved your insight about about the fight over a musician's image in your article about
Your Stila blog inspired me to use the word "amazeballs" 3 times today. xo
Garganelli with chicken, grilled asparagus, crispy garlic, pine nuts & montamore
in tired an stressed so about normal. How about yourself?
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.
[Not quite 1000, but abt 900...] MT #LawSchool Exam prep: CALI has over 1000 lessons. Ask library for CALI access code.
Been a whole month as an instructor for my first college course... No need to pinch, The Dream Is Real and I'm loving it!
when it works it works
Had to decide between the prettiest dresses ever, I wanted all three ):
": A REAL AMERICAN ELECTION 435 HOUSE INCUMBENTS REMOVED 32 SENATE INCUMBENTS REMOVED 2 WH TRAITORS ARRESTED CONVICTED"
“: I think Demi, Selena, Miley & I should write a song together. The name: A JB Dumped Me.” I agree
#PERIODCUP !!!! omg loving it haha funny
I gotta make these moves!”)
Its how hard I'm trying to find this episode of Dr Phil when TO coon ass was on there
dam... forgot my toaster... now i don't have breakfast and i didn't eat dinner yesterday...
Real PR Media and SNO-PR have been hired by two Hollywood producers to promote the new film Milennium, starring the "Octomom" Nadya Suleman.
I have a cold. My nose is stuffed. Got a headache and body aches. I feel like shit. And I got a huge event coming up this Saturday.
_: Facebook rule #1 : If I'm not in it, don't tag me in your photo
RT >Has large exercise ball in room >Now has overwhelming urge to paint it to look like a Yukkuri
Harvard-Educated Law Professor: Fox News Anchor Bret Baier ...
do it! You still have to pay rent tho
no way crayola is the one and only crayon
And probably unsustainable. Still, crazy impressive.
Make bar menu
awesome I will have to say hi ;)) I am dressing back stage come see it !!!
facebook flirting; like their shit. twitter flirting; rt their shit. real life flirting; treat them like shit. hmm..
think of it this way, DD's get as much free soda, cheese, kombucha, bottled water and get to see 2 live bands for $20.
yeaa i made sure we got on good terms
Austin is great! Too bad we weren't able to meet up.
if u can share, how big is place, will you have community of peeps in position to comment? otherwise virtual?
no it wasn't...I purchased it in Kenya
yes we do! Lengua tacos with green salsa!
This monster man followed meh :D thanks for the follow bro
yeah they are. But calling me those things can't be misconstrued. Pretty bluntly stated.
RIP: Ralph McQuarrie. The Force is with you. Always.
I post all the good shit I hear on my twitter because I'm to lazy and I usually do it while I'm driving (:
82 pitch count for Anthony Bass! Gettin his Andy Ashby on!
No, this means I fucked everything up. LIFE GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK. GOD DAMN.
I need to design some sort of rigging and power supply for my steam inhaler for work this weekend. It is a Steampunk event, after all.
just saw it today-was trying to remember that site, saw your preso & was curious. What a nice surprise! How you is, btw?
Hi Kris with all of the investigations you've done has there been any one that scared you?
Hey I want the Cameron for and the Michael for me :)
TOUGH TASK 4 THE HERD BUT VERY POSSIBLE HAD A CHANCE TO COACH AT MEMPHIS LAST YR AT THE FED X GR8 ATMOSPHERE 18,000 STR! WIN/LOSE/DRAW. WE R
You down for coming to Chicago again...?!(:
Hahahaha :D I Think It Probably Gets Boring Everywhere, It Can Be So boring here. lol So..Whats Your name :)
Student, to me: Donna Haraway as existentialist? Me, to student: Interesting. Go for it. Me (to self): My work, for today, is done.
No Means No - Ravens shutting out Rapistberger and the Squeelers 7-0 at half
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards Great Networking Event
Congrats to for taking the TLA Cult Award! Fan-Tastic!
she told me she would c what she could do&I said thats all I ask and havent heard anythin,since but Im seein her tomorrow..
oh boo :( It would have been fun to catch up. Have fun in #Korea tho!
Feel the earth titl! + + move to NYC: MT you ready, bossman?
hahaha you guys are so funny.
Going to go claim my victory dance in the rain.... Hiya hiya hiya Hoya alalalala boom chiched chiched boom ...
feelings come and go. fuck feelings.
wow. That sux for him. Seems like a good kid.
Don't get so butthurt
S/O to for being one of the most emotionally strong girls I have ever met<3
aye u not following me so I cnt message u
I do need to get my tweets up though cuz im slacking so i think im bout to catch up
she really is the greatest!
it's called taskrabbit. Use it.
My birthday is in December, Mandy. Either the Kurt Cobain portrait or The Boardwalk would make an appropriate gift for me. ;)
Very excited to be official sponsors for b-fest 2012. We get to be on the famous b-fest poster, HOT DOG!
I'll shut up now. :)
hope you got a discount :P
Spread the word! #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition is coming soon. This will be a premier exhibit at theNat that you won’t want to miss!...
You really think so??? I don't think so..kobe can't beat thunder own his own. lol
Aww I Havent Talkd To You In A Long Time
Congrats on your Business Innovation award
Amazing performance tonight, loved it! Good luck!
oh #meryl you have me tearing up
I'm so confused
#ghettocommandments Thou shall put in on the bottle of Ripple.
LOL. At least you caught it.
Thinking of doing something a little different...
Sad HBSSW news: Retired Prof. Carl Pope passed away July 25th. Visitation from 5-7 pm on Friday, July 31 at Feerick Funeral Home, Shorewood.
I agree!
Wow get my phone stolen and lose followers thats raw whats up people im back
at skol bout to go to band class
Its sad to see these artists that have sold out! Very few care about their communities or the youth. They are about money only!
Sometimes it's hard for our parents to get their kids to school on time. Even if they're late, we make sure each student has breakfast!
it ain't rap if it ain't EMINEM
yeah, it's not bad. I almost like it more than Facebook.
O, i'd take an gift card 4 this tweet thread. Then I'd mail it 2 u b/c yr the 1 who actually ate their parmesaned turd.
a touch of shameless self-promotion is energy, but unchecked, it becomes pollution in a hurry
This Takes vs HYBRID match is pretty boring, tbh.
This. RT : Pet peeve: People who say "backslash" when giving a URL. It's a slash, people. A slash. It leans forward.
I followed
we're doing dinner
down, down, down
Man Durant needa cuss his team mates out everytime they dont give em the ball
"I don't drop names. I just know famous people." -Charles Barkley *in my Hoppin Bob voice* SHUTCHO MOUF, & YO...!! (twas low key funny tho.)
Hamptons with my sister. Looking forward to getting into the ocean with my niece!
Best find a surgeon. Come cut me open.
;) no problem!
I just heard and saw one of the best quotes ever related to what I do! "SWEAT IS FAT CRYING!!!!!!" So stop crying and get fit!!!!
And n0w tHat hE's g0ne, wHat's tHe uSe of LiviNg iN tHis seLfiSh w0rLd
how are you doing?
#AllianceSummer Nice update on Muse and JSTOR ebook projects. What is intersection w/ commercial eb vendors?
you never go in on the right days. (;
I have an idea, but when it switches you'll still be following me automatically ... hopefully!
I MISS EVERYONE AND IT'S ONLY BEEN 2 DAYS. #WhereAreMyWellingDerps :( </3
Smelling like formaldehyde after dissecting cats.
Hey, are you new too? :)
award him a free trip to Finland. See what those Finlandians do to the destroyer of their Golden God.
whats happening mama! we're all on the twitter now...I'm soaking in it lol!
I just gave to the Dallas Fire Department's "fill the boot" campaign. Have you?
Beware a snake in the grass Jordan. Embrace a goat in the fridge!
you're my fav late night tweeter.
Of Dune RT : I was thinking of God Emperor myself, but Lord works as well.
I am looking at Beaver Creek. Not really excited about the altitude factor.
Lexington Christian senior SG Taylor Barnette was granted release from scholarship at UCF. Arguably the best shooter in the state.
Thank you, Kate!!
I'll be there. I'm drinking water. Mike is drinking the beer. I didn't want to add to my misery.
Dear #Blackhawks I am representing you in the HTCR tomorrow so probably will be asleep before game end. Please make me happy when I wake up
Tomorrow is going to b crazy 50cent coronas&wells bday party + free kid cudi tickets! C u there!
You are insane.
Watch out for huge ivory towers that are heavily armed (anon questioner)
Happy memorial day!! What a beautiful day to to remember the sacrifice troops have given so we can have our freedom here..
Why is Bob's Burgers so funny?
Starting HCG diet today! Has anyone out there tried this???!!! Give me some feedback please!
Getting ready for conference call in a few minutes.
I think I'm gonna have nightmares...
. And yet everyone, including the announcers, talks about them. One of my jobs as a columnist is to provoke thought + conversation
Thanks for the best mango smoothie I've ever tasted! :)
Tomorrow on it's Jamie Guerin from Whitehouse-Crawford; amazing #WallaWalla wine list. Next up, a secret:)!
it's ok I'm 40 minutes from The Anchor. Tim should be joining me later tonight too.
Gotta hype our really cool 60's art posters. Nice for framing and looking upon!
Working from home tomorrow. Yes!
thanks for promoting health in NOLA. We challenge you to get 5 friends to text "HEALTH" to 300400. Free #diabetes risk test
What the hell dude's a poser
When you hear such nonsense, don't be gullible.Let your intellect rule.
Thanks for all your kind words, Terry. Have a great week!
Let's go
I am glad you enjoyed it! Thank you for the mention.
great way to start my day.. and it's only the first day being home.
Do you have your own website?
Heading to the GA Dome for Ravens Game! Ravens Rule
Word around town my dick taste like ribs
where did you get it!? it would mean so much if you told me:) <3
I saw the article about the Swingers, do they have a team Twitter account?
Not willing to let the Nuggets off the hook. As a paying customer I am furious. They have had every opportunity and pissed down their legs
ugh, so many mixed emotions but finale but at least it got renewed Lol!!
On that giants status
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- the role of Marketing is to make selling easier. (paraphrase, Peter Drucker)
Who <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I'm in trouble
Wouldn't it be ironic if the San Diego Chargers picked #PaytonManning up?
what?? No one got in a crash.
I have a spare ticket for this afternoon's #PHILLIES game. If you're interested, let me know. The ticket is free & its up in the 400 Level.
Have had that happen at NY Avenue before. End result: same train, but I lost my seat.
whats that nasty little stringy thing that is not part of the banana peel, nor is part of the banana? whatever it is, its gross.
Too funny! RT : In the spirit of caveman I am eating my lunch with my hands. That, and I forgot to bring a fork
I'm gonna need everybody to fall asleep on the Spurs again. I actually like it better that way.
ahh I knew it.. Wanted to be closer to me! :P lol but yeah everything is closer to here then new Bedford haha
My dad joins twitter In time for #haikumonday A coincidence?
But mostly just disappointed to be many miles away from chicken wings and a great excuse to eat some.
Lord you are good and your mercy endures forever
I just realized what OG meant...
"I walked, I ran, I jumped, I flew.... Right off the ground to float to you"
So excited.. is hosting Wayne Watson 8/19 at 7pm.
I cant sleep then you cant sleep. Im workin on yalls logo now so you need to find something productive! Lol
great background :) loving itt!!!!!!!
What the f#@% is vegan tapioca? You should try to save your tastebuds and drink smoothies from now on! :-)
Why are you so hot on The Client List? Goodness!
nothing much you?
Don't forget we changed our name to Camos Brothers, Next time check in under Camos Brothers and you could get a free drink!
We HEART you!
Playing Universal today.... Blues Brothers ....fun in the sun....
apologies to all who have mentioned me and I haven't hit back my blackberry isn't giving me my alerts for some reason.
a 26" 100 year old gretsch bass drum with calf skin heads!
Yes! RT : Most social mvmts, like LGBT mvmt, have nothing to do with big #philanthropy. - LaMarche
The Moment in your life when you are thinking you are worthless. Well you are not.
How is that I only now learn that buses will take pennies? Now I know what to do with all those pennies!
for sure!
thankyou! And I've followed you :)
About to go get me some kool-aid , thirsty af!
you know it! Lol you're hilarious.
Go follow !(: and fan account !<3 soo cute!
I'm already giving it 5 stars on
you are going to have to get a new method
Good morning! Its time for a cup of coffee.
Busker at metro center playing a classical trumpet voluntary (really well : ). Beautiful start to a day.
It's funny how y'all can't see my old avi but I'm looking dead at it lol but I know it's gone
Thanks for the feedback!
Finding keys in an Easter egg >>>>> now have my own set to the parents cars!
Whoa, Badger TD just like that. They could not have scripted a better start. Let's see what Ducks can do now.
what? I feel like they chase you down and tackle you for them here!
#Osama's last words to be published today. My money's on "OH FUCK!"
Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.
RT thanks! We are pumped about tonight's #uwbenhuh event (will B live tweeting, start 6 pm)
Doing work - bleu cheese and bacon fries, Tecate flank steak tacos, lobster roll and a gruyere Reuben. Oh and WI beers.
“: I will shed some light on the situation in a few weeks” Ajsiwuqusyqi. The suspense is killing me.
Yay!!! RT Just found out that I'm 's 2011 Video Blogger! can't wait to get my FlipCam & share my adventure!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in. The hard work will definitely pay off.
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
I love early mornings so cool, quiet & dark. But I hate waking up early cause well I am tired. lol
Not looking good for me.
it was more of a neon green shower you're right. And I call them vitamins not
no did it by accident
Thanks for tweeting that #e01. I'm running late :(
The senior prank was stink bombs
Would love to meet for lunch! Or Happy Hour cocktails by Edge??
Soul meets soul on lover's lips. ~ by Percy Bysshe Shelly ~
"the promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. that it can be good again."...
them was the days but nothing chillin
TGIF! It's been a long week. I wonder what I'll report on tonight at 11 on DC.
Maybe, but it's an honor!
Camping :D wish...i was shopping <3
there's not much intrigue, i was summed up last night " actually--bad boy biker dude with excellently refined taste."
Intel delivers USB 3.0 in its chips, finally: It took about 10 years, but the chip giant finally puts the next-gen USB technology in ...
I knew you were talking to arty!lmfaaao oh my gawwd
aww don't be sad! Lol we'll be back in a couple days hating that prof..
I love hearing that. Thanks
Austin Mahone is a name I will never ever forget ; he changed my life .... &' I love the way he always cares for us everyday. I love you<3
oh man haha shouldn't be the other way around? lol
When One Direction comes out on Pandora I get all: I'm a girl and I love them and I will sing no matter how bad my singing voice is t(._.t)
What has been your favorite part about winter break?
can you say dynasty
im happy :)
Heading to lunch Bakery today. Let's hope the sunshine improves how I feel about eating sandwiches.
Any plans for St Patty's day? Well come on down to Twilight for St Patrick's day! $5 Car Bombs! $5 Jameson! $8 Jameson and Guinness!
not jk mirena is the best decision I've made in my adult life. I haven't had a period since 2007
RT : Did she..did she just call someone a child??-The Audane smh
holla! So excited glad I got a best friend like you!!
lol ok then #wtf was that about
Long day of scraping. Had a quick passout, now it's time for a martini & a lecture from the professor.
Seward saw in the South naught but noisy bravado. Mr. Lincoln and I understood all too well the rebels' dogged courage.
I promise I will!
Hey Josh u really should tweet me considering ur my future hubby and all lol jk ;) Sendin Much <3 from Tiffy!
5: Personality is critical. #sxswi #commcenter "Your company's culture is a direct reflection of your founders' culture."
Thank your for your interest
Hey! Yes, still here ... leaving very early Tuesday. I'll ping you when I'm free tomorrow and would love to come see you!
please Follow Me Love U !!
get the guac.
AZ, IF YOU NEED TICKETS FOR MY SHOW, LETS ME UP TODAY! 623-760-7518, STARTIN SOME NEW TRACKS TONIGHT
Be kind to thy father, for when thou were young, who loved thee so fondly as he? He caught the first accents that fell from thy tongue,
There goes my shaved legs:/
that album basically describes what goes on in Queensbridge, so it really is about New York
Seems like so many nationally touring bands skip Indy, so thank you thank you for scheduling a visit (7/17, the vogue)
Planet Tennis: It's getting more & more diff 2 separate music research tennis but don't know what the topology of their agglomeration is
Kareem goodbye all my friends know I keep eye contact to the point of intimidation at times.
Nothin like a warm campfire
Why does it bother me so much that hes talking to someone else?! Hes a douche bag and liar. I should not want him in my life!! #KillMe!
Hill M takes penalty.
Just sent Heather Turner Loth a Congratulations note on her win as WI Builder's 2009 Construction Woman of the Year!
These Bitches got me-.-
Good luck even getting out of any group stage England with everyones most boring Auntie Roy Hodgson. Another Steve McLaren here we come.
now the cat just devoured/shredded one of my books. Seriously? Is this normal behavior for a cat?
So far, my computer is up & running again! So relieved! Let's hope it stays working, I depend on this thing
Migraine. Please don't call. My phone is only on in case of an emergency. Since those hardly ever happen, if you call, I will yell at you.
sorry I think I was thinking of another Nats tweeter. I'm on Vicodin right now and can't be held responsible for my tweets.
I need taken care of.
Another pitch meeting today
Flattering or terrifying: the client who never remembers anyone's name suddenly knows yours?
word!! Or those Nextel walk talkie features. Ugh
i am sorry if we havent done right by you, if you change your mind i'd be happy to do what i can to help.
noon on FOX, green flag at 12:01 (weather permitting)
Norwich U's longitudinal, randomized controlled trial w/ 60 cadets, investigating TM effects on psychological distress, resilience
No teacher for first period . #ohnice !
Good morning, love! I didn't get the info for the party yet. :( Whatz up?
agreed! I'm so over this crafty, sand blasted, whimsical & uninspired umbrella trend-It's time for something new finally.
I feel like taking off my contacts, ripping them apart, stomping on them & setting them on fire right now .
Great ending to a wonderful birthday! :)
and I wonder how much could that $119m digitise and rights clear for future generations?
good to start off with a road series win. How many times did that happen in 2010? 1?
RIGHT THO- BUT DON'T TRY N.HIDE HOW YOU GETTING IT , iff you getting IT
you only live once, why wouldn't you be bonkers? get outta that shell people!
Oh hey Jackson, hey.
I've heard that they feel good on your feet.. but they certainly don't tone your bum!
When doing drop-sets, drop the weight 30-50%, depending on how heavy the initial set is
Why do I like Dog the Bounty Hunter so much?
Dear #Preds, we are all (Alexander) Sadulost.
DMEcollective.com We the TRUTH!!!
Watchin big black dudes hit on every girl in line
our site isn't set up for it but we will do it for you:) Email with what u want,size,& shipping address
Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding
Thank you!
ok cool homie
have you tried called me
Great workout today!!
Like I need more useless gadgets in my life... Where do I sign up?
"Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength." Mark 12:30
OK. I'm awake.
That was the one time I actually wanted the #Yankees to win. Damn #Rays...Maybe next year
www.yyoga.ca in Vancouver BC offering 5 yoga classes for $50 if purchased before Christmas! Great deal!
I need a Strohm/Duke hang!
Thanks for the RT! Have a good weekend.
Man it feels great outside today.
did u read the article? That was the title, not my opinion. IMHO Ed should be completely privatized.
“: 11:53 today! Third round and I am six back! #movingday”-Crush 'em!!!
it's not too late.
One more thing you will find the youtube video on his profile page. You will have to scroll down a little to find it. It is worth it.
: Hahaha! Too funny!
Theres a whole lot of things i am willing to forgive but i just cant take a lier </3
We hope the #LTDArmy is having a great day today. Check out our "EVENTS" page. We've added another show. Plus, tickets for Soulfly are here!
ha ha. Ralph. Never grows old.
So 2morrow im going 2 start again ! :):)
I wish I could accio these glow-in-the-dark stars off my ceiling.
I am so proud of Austin, it is just amazing how far he has come<3
cool cant wait 2 see u...i mean it ...lol
What did you think of the Reset trailer?
I Am Number Four
I miss football season
This 7-11 actually sells quite a few exotic fast foods. Ethiopian bread and other imported Mexican baked goods.
More #ChampionsLeague action today with #RealMadrid v. #Bayern live at 12:45pm! Will Madrid get the win this time?
Class hasn't been as visible as it is now in years...why so few panels on the topic at this year and every year's ASA? Amen!
Apparently there's a long lineup in front of the American Historical Society of lobbyists looking to register as historians
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually
did you watch smash last night? They danced to that song. It's the first time I watched that show so I don't know about it.
Yo man! Just got migrated to my new twitter handle. Hit me at
Seek those distant horizons and cherish those you attain
Rathr be bored at work than bored and broke.
probably my favorite saying ever.
So far, today has been a really productive day.
Good day at Chalco Hill with the family (:
Do u love me like u used to?
Thanks, David. I actually feel like it's the medical professionals and all you folks helping me through this who are awesome. :-)
song of the volga boatmen- red army choir
I know exactly what you mean! But my life's the other way.. Like I have all this talent but no one notices it, yah know.
Co-wrote. It's all on my IMDb.
That's what confuses me. I only bought one container.
If only he studied irony in high school... RT : LeBron is telling me to stay in school...
Just sent you my cell. We'll be at Roland's. Feel free to join us!
first a kardashian tweet now this? Is a 20 year old E! intern doing your tweets today?
We Are The Federation-The Story of Greg'ry Revenj debuts tomorrow at 7:00pm at. www.RevenjJeans.com
Teach-ins, movies, on past labor/progressive fights. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
You know what it is!!!! Mystik is my name dont for get BABY!!!
haha well it was annoying and I was in one of those 'I'm in a huge hurry' moods!
Can someone send me a picture of Niall's "tattoo" before I collapse.
It's days like today that make me really appreciate having a gym in the building
Austin's hair when it's curly is UNF. Omg, he should wear it like that more often. (:
Compiling my notes and blog ideas from #EBCON this past week. Need to prep for #RIS next week (laundry, other misc crap)
People are so uptight about everything. You realize we a atom amongst billions amongst billions.
YES they plan to reopen in 5 mins. RT: Anyone know if 169 N is open at 494???
That's so BS!!! DVR that jawn...you can see #Budinger's eyes...the blindfold wasn't all the way down!
Okay yess Im sorry for that, so are dating Patrick
“: Water off a ducks back... when it comes to #anything negative RT_12: how do u manage to stay positive all the time?”U KNOW
was wondering what the hell you meant. 62. #damnyouautocorrect!
I feel like I would be a good personal assistant or secretary.
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
#GrinDKinGz DavidX str8 out of #NewOrleans will be dropping soon... Im sure u will enjoy
Rage tonight? I think yes.
Zombie killing right off the bat! Yes! That's how I like it!
10 minutes left! Up to 11 songs on my incredibly random (and awesome) #WTFPlaylist for the drive home. I crave more off-the-wall music!
i TOO OLD TO BE SCARED OF THE DARK...
Taking rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
#ThankGodItsFITzee! Make sure your grocery stock up happens today- shop from 2pm to 6pm and buy 3 meals- you'll get an extra meal #free!
So cute! Go for it!(:
put a wetsuit on
Is it time for the cloud? - IDG News Service
Sushi and coffee....weird combination.
I dislike you with everything in me. Get a clue! Stupidddass.
After basically a month of no poker (Christmas killed the bankroll). Back at it tonight.
The ruffian stepped toward me. Suddenly, a hand fell on my shoulder. "Lamon, old fellow! What brings you here?" a familiar voice asked.
Uh i wish i never saw that video now im ina bad fucking mood
Feature Flick: An Epic Drive in a Land Rover Discovery Across Russia - Automobile Magazine (blog)
hidemybody is the most reliable and fastest free anonymous web proxy in internet.
Less than an hour til I can go home and Bert the night away!
InvisibleCities/Oh,CAN looks amazing.re:roadtrip I get to hide in the glove compartment!
bra. If I see charles akeem watson I'm swinging to connect. He backwards from what jordan would do that's why his number is 32
Pam, sausage pepperoni and cinnamon sticks and coke. Maybe I should have a 4 lol : Grinning 'cause
Driver's license... pass ALL the tests!
#IHateToBreakItToYou , but when you where fucking UGGS with shorts, it's not cute. Sorry, but you look like a fucking retard.
Pistol in Yo mouth I cannot
and nothings happening?
& why weren't his clothes taken 4 evidence? #coverup MT : If Zimmerman had injuries, why wasn't he taken to hospital from the scene?
panic at the disco is awesome agreed?
repped like a real queen.....look great....
D'aw.
SET IT FREE!
Forever is an awefully long time
#ancientgreek quote for the day - t<U+1F78> d<U+1F76><U+03C2> <U+1F10><U+03BE>aµa<U+03C1>te<U+1FD6><U+03BD> <U+03BF><U+1F50><U+03BA> <U+1F00><U+03BD>d<U+03C1><U+1F78><U+03C2> s<U+03BF>f<U+03BF><U+1FE6>. - "To commit the same sin twice [is] not [a sign] of a wise man."
You should try being out there for sunrise. If you make it at least one hour befor sunrise you will be amazed. :-)
Happy Opening Day!!
steel drums ahead
I'm actually here this morning (right now actually) and back again tomorrow afternoon 2-4
It's hurting me, because you have a box to hump. Game in a box? That's so 2004.
I like that big commercial with Tim Duncan and Mobb Deep's "Shook Ones" beat!
we're back online!
RT : Q9. If you could be "stranded" anywhere, where would it be? Why?
great 2 check out is www.liverockyell.com (cool social media network 4 bands/artists, all styles) & www.isomediainc.com/rob CD&DVD manufactr
Just because it's football time in #NewEngland - doesn't mean the #Redsox have to shut down and go home
Shall we continue the meeting this afternoon (late evening for you)?
Much love but, long way to go before we have a movement. Spent half a rally announcing other actions. We are HERE right NOW
Interested in Latin America--#FF #LASA2012 for info on Latin Am Studies Assn meeting coming up soon.
20% OFF Donut Kingdom. Only w/ a
sounds good!
Shoutout to my new followers, got a new film coming out next week! Keep your eyes peeled!
never mind and ur suppose to put a - and ur name xD
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO COME OUT TO THE SHOW LAST NIGHT!!!!!!!!
I think many Americans do. I'm pretty sure I've said it
Twitter is pretty astounding that way.
did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
The Big Picture : Kinda odd following posts from someone whose avatar photo came from iStockPhoto.com.
Happy Veterans Day from the SJS TEAM
I think we need some, but I don't know the details. We definitely haven't hired anyone yet.
“: Gets an email that a celebrity is now following. FAKE ACCOUNT” that even happens to me..
Go #Marlins! #mia v
don't talk bout my in-law
My time is too valuable for it to be wasted by those that lack having value for their own.
On Skype! Hit me up so we can chat!
It was an honor to speak at the Stonegate Early College graduation yesterday. Their motto is "We Change Lives," a worthy phrase to live by.
Want me to help? I've grown to really like Reader.
i love when you break your monk-like twitter silences.
founders is the start. Eventually will expand all types of resources. Have you had a chance to create a profile?
Thanks for the shout!! Def appreciated
If you change Who you are, to make someone else happy, in the End, you'll Never be happy. Be Who You Are, No Matter Who is in your life.
This gets my vote for grossest entry. :) But you're getting a prize for the one I liked better. (There will be a blog post...
i love how celebrity retweets spike my klout score.. thats the secret to improving klout i think
you bring her luck :)“: why is she always wearing my clothes?”
Women don't like a man 2 change himself in2 the type of guy she says she's attracted 2, she prefers him 2 be that way naturally w/out effort
The Cubs still suck. The Cubs still suck. They really really really really really really suck.w/
Hilarious job title I just ran across: "Internal Communications Communicator"
I have the story. It's dark again. You should see The Ruling Class. Updates tomorrow.
Dammit we should be ROOTING for Madonna!
Sunday, 9/4/2011 10:30 am - 2:30 pm Jazz Brunch, featuring Don Black, saxophone Connie Fay, piano At The Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida
Jealous and hungry
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Ouch, is that true band music fans? RT : Something trumpets rarely do RT Tuning - The raising and lowering a pitch...
In other news, this frozen Skyline Chili I got at the grocery store is one of the greatest things ever.
We can not stop Satan... and for some broken Spirits- it is wall 2 wall & floor 2 ceiling... Continued next tweet
Need NEW Texting Buddies !
When your brother eats your food<<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
night night missy!
“: I miss how you can always make me laugh and smile again even if I'm in a bad mood.”
we will have to figure it out. you are only six hours away. I can do that. :)
LITERALLY LAUGHING SO HARD IM CRYING DAVID WHAT
Bad timing: the story of my life hahaha
weren't you conquered by Hitler?
If Falcom games have taught me anything, it's that you should NEVER trust a minor character that shows their face next to their text box...
Bet I know what it was RT : the first time I have ever jumped ahead while writing
Hang on, Brewers. One more.
Live your life your way. Not the way others live theirs.
Ok I need to tweet more
Watchin # the voice is hard tonite for the judges....
Oops sorry
i love you to ^_^
RT : Better chances than your bracket: Mega Millions is at $241 million // I'm on it. See you on the other side.
WHAT YOU KNO BOUT THAT SANDWICH BOIII
No problem, but you are welcome!
Happy Veterans Day from the Rage.Thanks for all you've done and continue to do.Special thanks to our owner Rob Kowalewski,a veteran himself
I did get an update recently, but this has been a problem for a while.
His BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY ROCKIN EVERYWHERE
What songs do you want to hear next Thursday for our Dredg//Case In Theory show?
Tweet me a number and a question and I'll tell you which boy(z) you look good with! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
yeah i will rt them in a little :) thanks.
Oakland was my other option aside from pitt
same here. Still working out 6 days a week. I haven't been tweeting much. My employer blocked it. .
JERSEY SHORE!!!!!!
You got an itch that needs to be scratch? My "scratcher" can be of good use.
You'll be my fire, call me a liar. We'll make mistakes the way we always do.
tomorrow I shall embark on a quest to find money to bring you to my Catholic university. I'm tired of being its only foe.
who is "she"?? haha. I have an idea. you know I luhhhh you.
Rajon Rondo better snap
Hoping my flight doesn't get delayed. The weather here got crazy.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. - Roy Disney
Just made a gigantic mess in the kitchen. Who's going to clean it up?
Team lakers!!! But Jeremy Lin is a beast!
Tell us, FITzees- what music gets you pumped and ready to #workout?
I'm not mean :c
#mistakesGIRLSmake…nagging and pushing for their partner to open it. It only causes them to shut down even further. BE SAFE ladies.
We are hydrating at Hollywood and Ovation just outside of the Hollywood Farmed Market. Come by and get a ZICO!!
I think tweeting during acupuncture defeats the purpose. All the chi is flowing into your phone...
We're feeling the love this week!
I'm a rational person, until you get on some BS
Sure dont call me back freakr
hates inconsiderate parkers in his neighborhood. Some lucky asshole is going to get a VERY funny note on their windshield
YEP!!..but what worked for them in the 50's ain't gonna work NOW!!!
Yes, make scones! With any luck, I'm going out for a donut, eh!
Have seen my kiddos a total of 1hr in two days. Not sure if I'll make it home in time tonight. Not. Happening. Any. More.
At Martinsburg airport with annoucning 2012 Supreme Court candidacy in a statewide fly around.
So i gave Him the Note Know i Must play the Waiting Game. :b
lol i want whit my dad to look at scarp
I knew it! :D
you have to be tall and built.
Walt's Moonlight Sonata motivational message is absolutely brilliant.
A-Rod is expecting to have a good night. lets see how the run game is.
<U+266B> <U+266B> "all I be thinkin' bout is your hands on my skin" <U+266B> <U+266B>
A vibrant Local Economy needs successful local independent businesses. Support your local economy. Support your Community!
bitch! Who'd you go with?
Guess I'll watch me a Tyler Perry's movie or play. Haven't pop one in my DVD player in awhile.
Stop paying full price for styling products. Let us know your favorite line and we'll find you the best deals!
on fire!
don't worry when i'll be famous you'll find ways to follow me :D
It would be so fun to ustream with the Castronovos! Lol We would have such a GRAND time being weird. (;
haha - but the sprinkles are the best! Fine, once you lose the 35lbs, we'll plan #socialRAVE cc:
Are you ready Chicago? Next week we doing it up right! Meagan McNeal LIVE at Red Kiva!
Literally flailing my arms around in my bed because Anthony Li followed and Dm'ed me today. Ive met him three times but I still fangirl. :p
“ “ , thanking God and staying Humble””
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals."
For it to be this early on a Saturday my TL is busy!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Indonesia is in Asia. My fav color is pink.
Happy Wedding day to ! Can't wait to see pictures. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I think they forgot about me.
Btw, did you see my DM?
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Caesar Flickerman will call you out on throwing bread at the girl you like
I've always been terrible at math. But this week, I've returned to my 3rd-grade-introduction-to-long-division level of terrible.
Why do people smoke pot!!? Itss fucken retarded. Bttr yet why do people smoke in general!? Cause your all freaking dumbasses thats why!
My father-in-law bought us a Nook. So we're now a dual Nook/Kindle household, ergo e-reader diversity for the win. :)
The Swiss in my pub are getting crazy...
Cracks me up to see "journalists" who sensationalize most of their stories casting dispersions at Mike Daisey. Get over it, already.
S/O to my follower
get rich or die tryin' .
good morning:)
Current top sellers; Closer to the Heart: Rush Limelight: Rush YYZ: Rush Smoke on the Water: Deep Purple Pull Me Under: Dream Theater
One more thing why is these women in the news continue to complain about our 1st lady and breastfeeding when they breast feed their babies!
Uber-awesome people to follow
RT : The NURFC is offering a FREE workshop on community organizing. Interested? RSVP today to Katie at 513.333.7554
A big welcome to all of our new HOMies! You are why we Rock!!!
it's different, but I like it (:
Good -Morning!
We were glad to help out. Were you lucky enough to walk away w/ one of our etched wine bottles?
Saturday's weather forecast: 69 and scattered t-storms
3 weeks of school left and I'm still pulling students out of PE to finish work. School aint over yet!!!!!
Haha wendy willams looj betttah than ya fugly ass you really ugly and ya breath be on some tiffany type shit crusty onion!!!!....
we parlay'n hanging out the window
Paterson and Wise: We've got to have the backs of those facing injustices like in Arizona
&#39;Titanic&#39; the miniseries sails onto DVD and Blu-ray
Turn the excitement up to 11, tonight's the night! Are you going to a midnight #Avengers screening? If so, how stoked are you?
: is so rude. Tell him you love em and he sends back "k". SMH.
My brothers friend will be on Unforgettable on CBS his first primetime premiere will u watch it its on @ 10 pm eastern * ...
“: +1 to for using "Hot frothy ropes of man slime" in a Tweet.” Many thanks *takes bow
my knees fall asleep all the time. I don't know our understand how or why it happens... But you're not alone.
At #ISTE11 opening keynote! And so it begins...
RT I'm white. But I'm not NASCAR fan white
lol yah, dont leave us hangin! I want 10 minute updates on mr presidents night!
Fulfilling my daily baseball needs by listening to the #Phillies/#Braves game while I work.
I love the #PGA leaderboard. Phil, Dustin, & Keegan all tied for 1st ! All i need now is to hit mute so I don't hear Jim Nance:)
": “: hello ladies how are you both”LOVELY!!";-)
LOVED YOU ON BOB &TOM THIS AM
I have a sweet tooth right now and the only cure is Reeses!
Remind yourself it’s okay to: not to be okay, break down, cry ourselves to sleep. We all are imperfect humans being.
Table read was fantastic so much talent in our cast! Teaser for Monongahela due out next week!
Nah yo!!! Blake Griffen just threw it on Gasol worst than Mosckov and Perkins combined! Dayum
I love so so so so much!
fan club want to know why #10 in high school and college?
And so my day begins at 8am. Its weird to think I went to bed at 2 and woke up at 8 am
So many red headed beauties at tthe market this morning. Come snatch one up
"Give what you owe: If you owe taxes, pay taxes; if revenue, then revenue; if respect, then respect; if honor, then honor." -Romans 13:7
Jeter seems to be regaining his post-season swing. would love one more insurance run
"The Apostle insists that if the law had the strength to save and make us righteous, then if follows that Christ had died in vain. Assuredly
Winter Jam today!
plez fallow me
i needa get my grades upp.
Hey Hey mr. just watched 'creature of Darkness' Love to hear what you though about it. Gimme a quick thought brotha
There's a half marathon this weekend. Think I can do it?!
I hope he doesn't.
yes that's exactly who
What mental disorder do people have that they flip honest compliments to them into insults to you.
Your own personal shopper exclusively from Miami Beach and NYC - Read about it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I just caught you on CNN, I appreciate you speaking out for justice and I'm a huge fan.
Hey it was good to meet you! Any high school buddy of Luke's is almost a high school buddy of mine.
Fantastic, thanks! I'm taking time to smell the roses today. Hope you are having a great Sunday!
those are generalizations. And generalizations are only accepted by morons. Don't let them drag you down too. Head up!
It's made with lots of love. I love my mom. :)
that's unofficial
I don't get locked profiles either. Always felt like it's slammed door or "listen to me but I can't be bothered to hear u"
Driving to work laughing to a Jason Segel radio interview, makes for productive mornings.
Seriously. Imagine 7th grade movie theater makeouts except on the sidewalk in broad daylight. On the crowded metro.
I've seen a couple of, what I regard as, dangerous attacks on attempts at sustainability these past couple of days.
Happy National Kiss Day<33
as in the Beastie Boys song?
Tbh Simon gave good reason why he didn't approach Mariah for the second time. Some lambs smh…MC was not even shading Britney at all.
What?! We SO need to talk.
don't forget to make that pick in our pick 'em league!
i love how everybody is just now realizing that andrew bynum sucks at pick and roll defense
#magiccity RT : i95 South Bound Miami!!! --its where its at--!!!
Saw Moneyball the other day. What a good movie. Pitt really hold his own but his sidekick steals the show. A good ride, baseball fan or not.
What? You're buying a new toothbrush today? Do tell!
hahah. But, you should let Tori know you weren't laughing at her. She was really upset.
Say hi!
Lol, yes we all know the feeling.
Entercom picks up Inner City Urban AC KBLX/San Francisco for $25 million. Check your inbox for more in our RAMP Breaking News!
Back in Louisville. Couldn't get in
turkey, drinks, & drama. guess it's thanksgiving.
RT Unfortunately don't get to go to the white house guess I'll make the trip next year;-) you and will be missed!
If Willow was on BluRay I'd already own it.
that was funny im stealing that
“: Another ticket #Fml” omg I hate LA tix!
And screaming in my car haha RT « Awesome! Now I'm crying at work! Skol Vikes! We did it!»
Nobody better steal Uecker's statue
#IBackedMyCarIntoaCopcar the other day and the nigga just drove off
The poverty gap between children and elderly is largest in history. Do we actually care about our children in US society? #PAA2012 Lichter
Girls who post statuses, pictures, tweets ect about all the cute things her boyfriends said or done for her <
Im going to a dance thats cool
11: 11 *close eyes makes wish!
aww thanks austin your to sweet<3
thanks! My celebriguineas! :)
Well Good Friday to all!!!!!
heading home after a long day? stop by for dinner.
#ShoutOutToo she's super beautiful but she's a hater<3 Guys rape that follow button. :)
lol i am bored even tearsall falling down T.T
Stuporbowl ignoring in progress
lol it is true u r a sex god
exactly :( what's your issue? DM me if you want :\
My intro to Jameson was his "Reification" essay on God Father and Jaws. It is fun and a good way to ...
Headed to take my mom out for lunch. Hope all the moms are enjoying their day.
Heymy friend i had a tough Sunday my advice would be go with your first feeling most of the time your goingto be right no secondgu
yea my last class ends at 1:00
Sigh. Canada is so much better-downward dog to Tonight is No Night MT if I move back to Toronto, Julie Doiron can be my yoga teacher
ha! Not quite there yet. Lol
That is so great to know! I am always concerned that that talk is too remedial and everyone will be bored :D
i dont have any. do you? i almost called you, i cant find any. i was sad : (
Just shocks me that Chris Lofton has not been picked up in the NBA, lots of missed shots in this Hawks/Celtics gm
It was awesome! RT : Thank you all for coming out to watch the show ... Honored to rep
was thinking about travel after our ordeal in egypt. from the outside it looked violent but from inside the people only wanted freedom.
i hate having to wait.
No, that's the traditionally preferred way to obtain bootlegs, actually.
busted, disgusted, never to be trusted
I understand you love Brady, but how bout you show Rodgers some love ya jackass.
so funny- i just saw you retweeted in my twitter stream by ! hope you're well jackie!
It's probably time to finally delete that memepool bookmark. Damn.
Victor Ortiz is a class act.
Thank you to all my sponsors for their support
We hope we will make it there! Keep in touch and spread us around will ya'? <3
ANNIE CAKES I LOVE YOU
Name for a cooking show: "5 Star Kooks"
fabulous rainbow. Thank you!
did you all know that customers when paying with credit cards can stop payments? Unbelievable
Our song is back to december so everytime i hear it he pops into my head
Thank you very much Scott
You could say so.
Thanks Gayle!! I find I can use more of this paper and still save more money over the other!!
thanks for the shout out. Hope you make it to the show. I guarantee it won't be your typical art exhibition.
Best morning ever got text frm my bro
sweet check out this is where I will be working every eve this week
I'll let you know when the webstore is up, pick out whatever you want and let me know, I'll hook a brotha up. Miss ya dude
Cruel intentions is such an intense movie
if sumone book me for a show i will
night beautiful
Want to share your event or cause with our followers? Tweet us the info!
Been controlling myself to not jump out of my seat all day
Gonna be a great series. Clips v grizzlies. #lobcity comeback
im going to focus on a little task list i have i shall check in later :)
yes we are :) I love my belieber family :)
Wow. I was wearing my Radiant Baby tee A gift back in the day. Then found it was Keith's B-day. Amazing talent gone too soon
Why are video uploads being so difficult right now..common mann
Yes. Yes, we are. Made them a few years ago, but they never did well. Sold out last week. They're making a resurgence.
The enemy usually works on you when you are by yourself. Today choose to enjoy life and look at the things you do have.
Do you have your tickets yet? Buy online at www.CageStars.com
Almost all loaded up... Howie has been cowering in "his" bathroom cabinet.
I was able to play with my new Canon 60D at the zoo today. Due to major rain, we kept to the buildings. No one was there - it was great!
what so you do now??
still in NYC but i'll be back there tonight! Lets plan on lunch soon!
We have the wife to thank for that.
"Very pretty ring. Nice gift, too. Super fast shipping. Thanks!!" - Tina from Chapel Hill, North Carolina
your bro gonna be in the Indy 500 this year? Anything in the works?
I might need to ask you about driving the truck...Did you do Penske?
Using our new HD to observe our 16 month old's bedtime routine...so funny :)
I love my fiance..!!! With him putting up with my shit, he truly loves me to the FULLEST && same here...#ForeverTaken :-) :-) :-)
that a tribute to Talk to Her by Almodovar, disguised as an ad
Would love to not be working right now...
it's such a great joke !
#aam2011 #aam2011virtually Didactic! Take a shot!
won what?
I told the guy he was using his kid as a human shield and that 13 TVs had Reds on. I ended up losing. Kids always win.
taking a beautiful hike in Malibu!
Talked with Mom. She was telling me about the $1 kids clothes clearance racks at Walmart...called it "Grandma's Delight". LOL.
I don't feel like going to work.
Mariano Rivero ends his career shagging fly balls? I thought that only porn stars ended their careers shagging things...
Uh oh. Also good luck to Lisagor Finalists !
oh snap
well if i die in 8-10 days, then we'll know for sure. hahaha just kidding i'm fine.
Expression in a melodic manner.
Kid Ink.- Stank In My Blunt .
but then you don't get the cool interactive sticker chart.
Seattle or SF?
Thanks for the help :-)
haha let me know wen u want more (I always have time to make special #imagines for ppl) :)))
As long as it's not Far and Away.
Why not? What's the context?
OKC in 6 they're unstoppable this year.
It's a sex & the city and red wine kind of night.
You know what charm is a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.
im at a hotel:)
Mentioning so I can get a retweet! I love SMG!!!
Larry Page proposes two-for-one stock split - "no big acquisition plan.."
Why am I afraid to lose you when you aren't even mine?
No problem guys! good luck with everything =]
hahahaha RT : I really enjoyed "The Help," but it's the weirdest Beatles movie yet. Like more than "Yellow Submarine."
Before I die i need to follow me..but i bet he has never noticed me..:(
why do people wanna spell my last name "kinney" ??
No. In your scenario, both are working (1 at hm., 1 outside of hm.). Job outside hm. might be mindless, 9-5, hr. lunch, etc.
Rai!! How's London? We miss you!
have the best day!!!
Gonna be announcing a cool CONTEST tomorrow... Tee hee...
Movie night...
Spoelstra: My guy flopped! Why didn't he get the call!?!?
I love that picture but like my girls would say....WHAT.EV.ER!! LOL!!
same, i cant stop replaying it
Who are some of your favorite dancers and dance companies you follow on ?
shows that he should stick to anything but golf on ESPN, Rick 1, skip-1, and -1 not good this time skippy
I am sorry for neglecting you so long pandora
You guys are awesome. Meta-answers: Wolfram Alpha eats such a computation for lunch; Python code to compute it fits in a tweet.
Last night, at long last, I think I perfected the Trudy's Mexican Martini recipe... It's legenwaitforit...dery.
Never Say Never, is one of Austin's favorite movies! RT if you like that movie too (;
Got some work done, office got laced with tons of , margaritas/lunch now with my lady then party time tonight! Fuck yeah Friday!
Surprise! Michigan is making some really good cool climate Syrah....seriously.
Good morning tweeters
awe thanks ash:) I like yours too<U+E056> Wyd ?
LET'S GO MIAMI HEAT WE NEED 2 WIN
sold! He was so nice at the fashion event. My bro used to work with Bruno in La Vie En Rose days.
if you skype, feel free to connect with me there too ... jasonarmbruster
hosts End of Summer Blast tomorrow, 5-8 p.m.This family-friendly event is free and open to everyone. Games & live music
The more you strive and search for happiness. The more you overlook the possibility that is is here already.
Actually no, my status wasn't aimed at you, but hey, if the shoe fits, feel free to wear it.
I aint part of those thank you good night
Love the Banksy photo's. Great!!!
It was awesome to meet you, too - we had a blast! Hope you had smooth travels home.
It was so hard to get out of bed this morning since my house was 57 degrees and my dog was snuggling so close.
Did you see a movie?
longest doesn't equal greatest. Memphis/Kansas National Title was better.
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez on or off at the MTV VMAs? - Sugarscape
I wish you could have a concert here in Miami :D
yes it was so great to see you too!!! I can't wait for Monday!
Me n Poppy slept until 9:30 today! Feeling good but guilty.... late for work!
Wow what a drive by wade!
hi Kim we will talk next wk.
crazy girl
for a team that prides itself on its depth and team play....yeah.
please look after him!xo
You May Be Virgin, But Your Mouth Ain't...
Do you think people have to try to be a pain in the ass or that it just comes naturally?
Finally some more JB on the radio! #BOYFRIEND by is my jam!
lol my bad. Kinda hard when the entire week before I left I had to be nocturnal working overnights.
Time to get my shovel ready later around noon to get the snow out of the drive way :( not looking forward to it
Managed to download over 900 songs today.
#Obama live at UNC, Chapel Hill - "higher Ed is the clearest path into the middle class"
Heh. True. Sweet building, sweet location. RT: You have the attention of every real estate broker.
Good morning sweet healthy souls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> "fall in love with jesus"
Meta: World Peace violent.
just inked some hearts ; p on me ina sexy place
I just want to sleep for days
Fab can't spell MBA or NBA.
I've never tried that, sounds good tho.
#D'Antoni retires. First the #Knicks scare #LarryBrown away now this. When is #DavidStern going to start holding #JamesDolan responsible?
On top chef you may eat a shitty meal, but on InkMaster you may have a shitty tattoo on your body for the rest of your life.
Don't want to sound like a Kobe apologist but he wasn't very good last night, without question.
s/o to for hacking my twitter nice try but zac efron is all mine
2nd season jenny <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
They are more secure than those darn, slippery, paper clips.
hey what's good?!
LMFAO nice #captainobvious. That song's cake though man, what's wrong with you?! Learn some Don Caballero shit! >:D
Sure has been painful these 30 years to watch #Republicans exploit the religious for votes in the party of my birth. Is it God's will?
I keep getting up this early in Texas, I'm gonna be on hours when I get back to Cali!
It's too hot to cuddle >.<
I deserve tickets because I am all about the game win or lose.
I just found out there was a Hacker sending emails from Twitter, about a bad blog do not open it , Dawn Reese Show
tickets are going fast. just sold 5 tickets!lets see if we can sell out the show before the day of.
HA! Of course they bring up the Xavier UC brawl...
On behalf of CRSS. We would like to wish you a "HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY" !!!!! XOXOXOX ;}
weird o.O
Yup... Kind of pissed about it RT : Donald Trump is taking so many shots @ Obama right now....
On another note, that donut from AVON donut shop was slappin!
The spirits on today, don't have to worry about tomorrow.
Moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist.
for sure everyday
RT: " Google "Do a barrel roll" I promise you won't be disappointed #StarFox" lmao I remember that shit.
we're not all immature (:
On behalf of The San Diego Zoo I will like to inform you all that there a APB out for the Panda Bear name Maisha Williams.
I think my wisdom teeth are coming. I'd rather be less wise, honestly, than deal with this.
m sounds heavenly
read all of it well u don't have to read all of it today but read it all eventually <3 im almost finished !!
*blows kiss* did ya get it? Did ya get it?!
I never realized how many prejudiced people there are here...they are coming out of the woodwork! Like ants at a picnic!
yeah im in. And im not a smart ass. Thats the correct spelling lol
Kayla & I working together is going to be crazy...she already got yelled at for flicking my nipple hahaha
aw damn...
i have to your my sister!!!!! DUHH
She just stuck in Houstatlantavegas
Visiting again in my "cousin" Panhandle to the East. Visiting small businesses in Martinsburg & then greeting commuters from the MARC train
RT : Even though it might not look like it, you accomplish far more by letting go with love than holding on to fear.
Liam's hand looked bad and so did his arm I think he only did it once
Oh, not their chalk, but their Vis-A-Vis pens :)
And we're back. We'll look into scaling up to support the traffic in the future. Our apologies for the service outage. cc
I have friends who can hack way better then you, and those are my intentions. TO GET THEM ALL INVOLVED! See you in hell ;)
Confession: it's so satisfying to update your email on your iphone after purging your inbox. Sad... but true.
Dear Justin, You Have Jailed Jerry In Your Boxers For Too Long, So Off With Your Pants Sincerely, Beliebers<U+2665>
Bout to sign up for Planet Fitness !
Thanks, sounds like you enjoyed.
#adobesocial digital natives and digital immigrants. (I'm still a digital undocumented worker -jh)
Suzuki Music School of Arkansas Harp Recital 10:30am The public is invited to attend and admission is free.
The love, the love is bigger.
what kind of bizarre dreams? Bizarre scary, bizarre weird but meh or bizarre ridiculous? I don't remember mine :(
You're stuck with just us today......Pete is off, he's back at it tomorrow though!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
ill hold some for you brotha
put a little hip hop on. And tractor
Customer Testimonial: I call Philly 311 all the time. I got to say that whoever does the training around their must do a wonderful job. Ever
Yea some would be mad at him no matter what. I hate people send hate to Julie she doesnt deserve that.
Feels good to be blogging again. Hope to do more on Twitter from now on too.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You are yourself. :)
yes it can. Surprised that I like it but it's because of the the label! I should know not to judge by the cover by now.
If mandate goes, will reform unwind?
Revolver Underground is growing! More info coming soon! Are you on board? EROCK
Don't drink the ice tea!
Finally #benching again after my injury. Haven't benched in a yr, and I put up 195 lbs 6 times after supesetting flys. I only weigh 155.
#erl12 #libleadership in leadership roles, have to balance lead from behind and lead from front -
Congrats to our friends down at The Wicked Wheel and their grand opening day today! Go check them out!
really enjoying PGM class, the book is also fantastic, the best CS start with a strong mathematical foundation and then injects common sense
Not really, some of us are "A Few Good Men"
yes. let's do so.
Pumped to hear Dollar Tree speak on the networked
Oh yes, standardized abbreviations are super cool.
Industry night , All you industry folk come down and hang with us!!
Three more weeks of school..
I am really interested in your tweets, but the links aren't working
"She wants to lead the glamorous life Without love it ain't much" ----Sheila E. fa ya mind.
U and me both homee....
thnx for the gr8 interviews (shout out senor zach!) have a blast in SD (but i'm sure its not as fun as #DodgerStadium!) ;)
oh that's an epic bobblehead! Rick's got a big head xD
I need a drink.
Yeeaahhh!! I'm on it! good looking Fams! pet and hugs the pups for me .And joshie Mac!! TTL.
Do you ever feel like you ran out of time? Like there was so much more to experience, accomplish, share & then poof...times up. Hate that.
Hey guys, I'm going to introduce you all to my new FAVORITE tweep: I now commence retweeting all their
Leaving #southbysouthwest to change and grab a bite to eat then gonna go back! Loving the music #amihigh?
I'm gonna sell one of my kids so I can pay for a one legged prostitute and a pound of cocaine.
is debating on transferring his SAG membership from the L.A. Branch to the Hawaii or Florida Branch to run for a position on the SAG Board.
“: Sound Mixing: #oscars That's 4 for Hugo”
Everybody go follow Very intriguing little short film, whose makers are wishing to flush out into a feature.
oops too much random password entering and clicking on my part.
Okay well you know I'm always gonna here for you
Good Saturday morning! Satisfy us in the morning with your unfailing love, that we may sing for joy and be glad all our days. Psalm 90:14
i didnt say that!! lml ,your pics r cute.
Can't go tew sleep.!
.....and are left to roam the streets during the day.
ight I'm coming home tomorrow too ;)
What makes the tour so awesome is all 3 bands are great & that they love playing together. Calling OCMS the opener isn't the right spirit.
ah, a hotel room to onself to read…it's the little things in life!
GIMME SOME TIX
yeah bitch's jersey shore back and better
Snowflakes are doing many lateral passes with numerous completions and interceptions.
snap away!
"Eats lamb" lmao
was amazing. Far, far exceeded already high expectations. And let's be honest - he's a total babe.
Great way to kick off Monday - thanks for the video link!
iTunes comes up with "On, On, U of K" Oh Yeah! #GoCats #BBN #GAMEDAY!!!
Can Rickie play short stop? I don't think I like that.
Cool; would love to hear more about that process!
we know you are ..jkjk
#ThingsIHate Bad breath!
Awesome definitely looking forward to checking it out.
#iwannaknowwhy ppl think men lie more than woman do... somebody lemme know why this is cuz I think its bullshiit. W.O.R.D. UP... lemme kno..
Thank you very much!
Thanks! Happy writing to you as well!
Lost bag and missed train connection much alleviated by remembering that I held a first edition of Jane Austen's Emma in my own two hands.
gonzo and Washington good luck!
- Good point, Luis! What are you working on today?
WOW! Cant believe its been a YEAR since i met #Blessed ..She's a
I have cheetos on my ass from girls spanking me with cheeto fingers.
Somtimes I feel like tweeting you is a waste of time :(
3 hour shift, not so bad :)
What are the REAL chances of rain in the morning? I need a better forecast. Safe 'til 10?
Cadbury creme eggs hitting the markets has been the worst thing to happen to me all year.
Flying back home to Cali today.
My friend, aspiring writer, & PHX East Valley native is on #Twitter give her a follow!
my pleasure!
These damn things are as hot as a stiff cock
Dean Patricia Carey takes to the stand to welcome students, staff, families, and friends
I want all of the things in front of me and, yet, something completely different and unfamiliar. Weird crux.
Spitz: Square, and golden dance group
I always say this. So this is why I don't call you perfect, cause I know you're just real and that what I want<3
missing my morning classes because of an assembly
Here's hoping! Go #Blackhawks!
YOU GAVE UP A HOMER TO PILL?!
Good morning! LeJitt has been in the studio working hard on her new gospel single, "I Need Your Love"
It is both wise and foolish ;)
reprocution. BRISKUSMC you are totally correct this nation's pussication is beyond sad. Keep your head up BRISKUSMC you have alot of
omg yea ;)
what ride are you at!?!?!
I'm looking for stylish Portlanders guys&girls to shoot streetstyle this Sunday for a company. Email me for details
Aarghh!! I'm jealous! I can't wait to get my copy of The Big Heat! Did you get a magnet?
I miss the hotel shower. And the fireplace. And the mountain view.
not in lineup
that's great!!!
Failure does teach you stuff, and as long as it's not on heavily used production machines I can tolerate it.
If you want today's WINNER, write to me and I'll message you back!!! Last won hit by a long shot...Don't miss out this time!!
Listening to a lot new albums while at work today (Beach House, Bear In Heaven, Tanlines, School Of Seven Bells, etc).
I would.
Look for us we are coming to a town near you soon, more dates being added to the U.S. and very soon Africa , Europe ,Asia and Australia! 0/I
which fair and where?
Partied w/ for opening day! #Wasted af!
Human/canine teams just landed safe and sound in NYC. SO jealous! Have a fab time guys - will miss you. Watch your 6's!
Cubs will be a surprising 82-80.
clean team - means the world to me
Welcome Lori Hart of to VCU
Definitely an Honorary Title type of afternoon
Alright done with ONE appointment :)
From the point of view of form that is a tautology.
Don't back off a challenge--whether it's a big project or a tough conversation.
I'm cooling my wort!
This is the latest I've slept in months
I'm starving. Haven't eaten all day bc nothing sounds good... Ready for IHOP to open!
Mayor : #Philly is the only U.S. city that has a Sister Cities Scholarship program
Question: Who makes you happy?
B rose tonight with
I can't wait for this weekend
Check craigslist!
BREAKING: Saints Coach S.Payton suspended for 2012 season. Tebow traded to Jets.
Coming-up for InHollywood Magazine: my profiles on Lashfully, Actress Sheila Kelley, and Beauty Expert Damone Roberts
Are you going to the show?! :)
and , I am also a fan of Explosions in the Sky.
We're not dead yet!
I Can't Do It Anymore .
Also right next to Radio City where Tyler works. We went to starbucks and then I see a giant group of people laughing and...
Don't try to destroy the system--that's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth: there is no system.
Just want to say that I love long time!
When Dota plays on my iPod
We should totally get the basketball team to dance like this for our opens next year at media day...
We appreciate you !
This game is tasty!!!!
if rejection isn't an important life lesson GSs can impart to the young and impressionable, what is?
agreed but that sounds a bit like blaming the victim. When 9 kids circle around you, throwing rocks and screaming "fag"...
Freedom fighters in #Syria will talk... with their Kalashnikovs. There is no solution except the fall of
It's way too nice out to feel this shitty...
Amen to that!!!
:) I'll go with child of the 70s/80s, when handwriting died during the great computer rebellion.
@ Hey lady, wishing you a very happy birthday, lady!
Everyone follow she follows back!!:)
The 27th! Won't be the same without though! :(
Do they have cookies? RT "oh, I'm going to the special hell..."
“:waking up to pics & video from #Coldplay Hollywood bowl you text me was pretty awesome. Jealous!” Wish you were there!!
There's always #time to #right a #wrong. In the meantime allow your life to just...happen :)
forget it, I'm on one
Whoa! I am very impressed and a bit envious. You rock!
serving between 6th and 7th street on walnut.
red rover red rover send ma niggas right over!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 26
Understandably so. When rushed, there's no encouragement to learn mindful eating.
***Baby, oh baby, oh baby, my sweet baby, you're the one!***
i want to dye my hair red again and then the bottom black....haa..
Late night photo editing. Our archive has many amazing gems. Thousands of images from Los Angeles' history rarely seen before.
EXACTLY! I was furious. They had so many great themes and then use machines out of nowhere??? NO. BAD WRITING!!!
damn right
won a tiny bit after 640 hands and then he said he wasnt feelin it. fun match as usual
Can't wait cityy lightts;D.
woo woot! LOVE IT! planned to draft off of you & during windy miles. may not have to now. and yes, vectors are a must!
LIKE us on facebook!!!! Momentum Marketing and Event Planning
Maybe Maybe not. Jury still out. But damn good album. RT : become villains
Congratulations to the 2012 graduating class of the #UMN School of Public Health!
I'm addicted to this guy he gots my heart tied in a knot and my stomach in a whirl
Add #awkwardsealion to your awkward moment tweets to see them in the opinion section of the Point Weekly!
Congratulations to our Mentors of the Month, Lisa J and Mindy D!
Choose a career that you love you will never have to work a day of your life it will be your service to the world until life eternal DNicole
New US obesity crisis plan would limit fast food ads & sales; promote activity & good food.
He'll love our pick though. I mean AJ's pick!
Congrats University of Maryland - Eastern Shore on your women's NCAA bowling championship!!!
does a one legged duck swim in a circle?
Is #SteveStricker on ? If so, my attempts at locating him have fallen flat. Thanks Golf Channel!
that make the most sense
San Diego area. Will be coming to more locations soon!!
Thanks! RT : SO THANKFUL that our children can participate in Younger Generation Chorus of Plano - truly a Premier Chorus!
lol it's cool, I was laughing too but I was in pain at the same time haha.
OMFG! Shut Up!
love it!
I had a pretty swell Christmas, hope you guys did too
Lemme finish this paper ..
RT : Happy hour and hockey with
FOR LAST WEEKEND.... SEATTLE HAD A BLAST. I WAS FRONT ROW THE ENTIRE SET!!! GREAT JOB!
Theres nothing like hot yoga at 9 in the morning
RT : Q2) Most learning happens in the org without the intervention of L&D, wouldn't you like to be part of helping it happen?
Thx Boxer! Really appreciate it. Enjoy your vacation!
Suns game with the family :)
YAA PARTY PARTY PARTY <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BA> LET'S PLAY ROCKBAND WITH MARYELLEN
Second that RT : Dawg, TDE production team is ridiculous
your pretty cute (:
Wednesday happy hour : hot Italian beef with steak fries and sweet or hot giardiniera $8
what you up to?
Welcome Otakon 2011. Enjoy the city this weekend. Any taxi comments or questions leave here. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
you gonna be in downtown la tonight?
my favorite song;-)
Bilderberg money to prop up candidates does not come from thin air. There are Corporate backers who need to be paid back. And they have.
RT : #SFGiants vs. #Rockies: Game 2 starts right.... NOW!
Are you having cocktails with "Mummy" this Saturday night? "He" is preparing for your arrival and his favorite caterers will be on...
Clearly you just hang around with the wrong people. Or all my friends are mannequins ... Hmm ...
Congrats on your 1000+ tweets!
junction marketing
Almost time for eeep
We're going Live @ Five.. Fox 59 news interviewed some Good Earthlings today about rising gas prices. Check out the spot @ 5 o'clock
Clue that the customer service rep is not in US: "Ma'am, I can't hear you, may you please louder your voice?"
Already brought AE home. Might return it. Depends on how quick I send MacBook in & get gift cert. Or use it as repeater.
Glad to hear and the Miami heat lost tonight.
Bleeewrueeeehblrt. (That was my amazing sad-sounding noisemaker impression.)
Just when I think I'm over Top Model, Kelly Cutrone becomes a judge. I don't know if I should thank her or hate her for pulling me back in.
(album finally released in USA 4/30)
“: Hey, Thanks for the follow:)” You're welcome
I was just denied the ability to look at city contracts by 's comptrollers office. Call and insist on transparency: 410-396-4755
A woman's worst nightmare is when the guy she loves stops doing the things that made her fall in love.
Step 4: Rules of Relationship: Ask agency to define one of their failures and what they learned
Eleven! Immediately!
at the movies:))
After watching how lethal this #osu offense is, i am more and more dumbfounded by how iowa state managed to stop them.
I wish I could dye my hair the color of Ariana Grande's!
Snowing in Arlington, Texas on December 2. Really coming down, too. Early in the year for us...
Please tell me it's not supposed to rain tonight. I'd like to keep my window open.
JON DAVIS VS FINLAY!!!!
big shout-out to your mom! :) -lisa
Want a dm to Alex? Follow tweet me "Texas" when you did :)
At school outside pretty cool I love my girl emiillllyyy
It's very convenient having so close to me
thanks for the follow!
If you didn't even get an automated "we received your request" email, they didn't get anything. Try chat support.
“: what would yours say?” <-- I'm a Good fearing man that's very loyal.
It's 11:11 make a wish, I wish....... Wait I can't tell you or else it won't come true.
A Duck Hook!
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
This song is aesome, no vocal tracks but everything else is pretty much solid. who wants a preview??
Maura McNamee creates mock fashion inc.
I will!
Told my dad if my birthday cake doesn't have 's face on it, me nor anyone is eating it. HAHA. seriously. k.
I wish I could be considered as a musician for #ArtBasel ..guess first step would be to learn to play!!!
why do you feel horrible
#newt #gingrich reminds me of a #penis... Anyone else?
And I'm sure you've never played any of the video games she was voiced in, but maybe movies you have
Salute My Nigga!!!
: "You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself." -- Ethel Barrymore (1879-1959), Academy Award Winning Actress
Im pushing it big bro!
Hoping to ease the pain of yesterday's canceled Decemberists show w/a Spongebob birthday party & Hollyhock Hill chicken.
There are these two girls who annoy me like no other-_- fuck.
Now that was one hell of a Caps game. 13 in a row
Hi How are u? Avril AvrilLavigne
Q6 I haven't experienced this. Reading is reading to me.
Why pay the pay the same price as capital beerfest for art of beer for less breweries? Why because it comes with amazing food of course.
Vanderbilt professor criticizes student groups
I wanna be famous one day.
Hawaiian Paradise fresh off the banana boat.... Time for my daily GreenTeani
from the bio... I could stand to know someone like you. Thanks for the follow.
Only five dollars can become a big bank account. Get the lowdown by sending an email to
FACT: Shocking to note that homosexuality was listed as a mental illnesses until 1973.
Nice work. I can hear the man-hours.
hahahaha, that's something so dumb, even i wouldn't say it. XD
I woke up today with a mission to put a smile on as the many faces I will come in contact with. So far I'm looking good.
yep just did :)
waiting for her to "rock my shit" i dont see my shit being rocked lol
Stray Cats will not be allowed to sleep in our bed, except at the foot.
Forget the "tip" and go "all in!".RT : So imagine what every 17yo boy is saying to their girlfriends tonight?
After everything that happened last night you forget about me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I've learned that you can't make someone love you. All you can do is stalk them & hope they panic & give in.
And I thought the only crying in hockey was from Sidney Crosby! Delay of game?! Poor, poor
Hate those lazy police officers that stand at the side of the road with their speed vision goggles.. At least chase me a bit! Come on now.
At this moment, 19,547 students are registered to be in one of 540 classes! 100% enrolled with our systems
mentioning me ;)
Silent Library!
you check into a lot of airports.
Boss kicked us out of the office! Yay!!!
yeah, some were not fun to read, but good info.
#Deal: Pay $50 and get $150 Worth of Household Repairs from eBARR Contracting bit.ly/mYq53R
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe ... Nothing yet, but every one above my grade is going to give me hell.
Would have been nice to keep Hairston for his D. They gave up too soon on Hardy. He's killing it for the O's.
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex Are you going to #Eat that #PopTart on your #NightStand or can I #Have it...
Isaiah Thomas Named NBA Western Conference Rookie Of The Month for March
I work my butt off & I get nothing.
Won the lottery for the Florida and Tennessee games
if all you wanted to wear was balloons you will be fly cuz thats what YOU wanted to wear and not what someone else is wearin. be you
I'm planning on trying to make Coca-Cola cake if you'd like to help....but Rachel isn't going to be able to come D:
lmaooooooo I got to talk to u hem
We should be asleep right now, but holy amazing rain smell! One more glass of wine on the porch w and then bedtime. Yay tx!
Anyone buying stock in Facebook?
Just got asked to help as talent in a music video this weekend. Couple of auditions too. Yay!
i fell asleep while i was washing my hair..
Major chore day. Six loads of laundry. Stenciling. Jewelry box nostalgia. Might even flip the mattress!!
Haha it doesn't get better. I LOVE my dad for this
I forgot how much I loved Marilyn Manson. XD #Comablack<3
"We assume the really serious changes in our lives happen slowly, over time... but it’s not true. The big stuff happens in an instant.”
oh. man. that is the nicest excuse for pancakes!
Would you be free for a quick public radio interview in the next hour? We'd love to talk with you about AZ's new abortion law.
Also, , your haircut reminds me that I need to get one that I don't administer myself. Love the bangs.
Gianola Poll Question: What will you do or your Mom on Mothers Day?
Just saw the Heat/Pacers score. You might need a hug, bruh.
For sure. Or like, fire guns in the air while screaming or something ultra-manly like that. Good plan.
Yeah, Ulta reigns supreme as far as hair tools and hair products. But makeup? Oh no.
nicking dads sunglasses eyyyy
Eastbound 408 is shut down at John Young Parkway because of a woman undressing and hanging off the bridge, reports.
the funny thing about being on a Joan Cusack kick...is that means you're simultaneously on a John Cusack kick. Nahmeen?
why does Kansas/self struggle do much in tourney? Continually underachiever.
Food is awesome at this hour! (:
I'm just now seeing your tweets! Thanks boo I'm actually laying in bed right now about to pass out lol good seeing u though!
wowow where are you seeing it? Careful our team will probably snatch them to record!
So sad its over :(
RT : Literacy isn't just reading-Competence & knowledge in specific areas, problem solving with tools you have...
Woah, woah, woah. I was looking through my followers and I saw Why didn't you tell me you made a Twitter bro?
Beautiful sunrise...
oh hey look is trending :)
You NEVER forget who owe you some money .
RT Looking for a stage manager to travel to San Francisco Sept. 2-16! Expenses paid.
I'm gone escape though. Can't hold a real niggah down for long!
Refreshing to hear that #PCMH is a reality and that technology is a facilitator.
Hi, I'm a addict. I hit refresh to view my "Pins" tab just to make sure it is aesthetically pleasing.
wait...no, I like Nicki, && lil wayne...T.I too
how was your seat at the game last night
would love to see them get Cousins, but might be gone early today.
Finish up that shopping downtown and come relax with a glass of wine!
Canned Pumpkin. Full of Fiber! Let him eat as much as he wants. Should stop him up :)
Nordstroms in Glendale, CA (unfortunately!) I suspect they're in Kansas City too.
RT : 5th grader/class trip - "It feels so cool to be in the same room George Washington breathed in." -Fraunces Tavern Museum
I assume Kentucky will be sufficiently "re-loaded."
not at all!
such a cute puppy!!
So glad PSN's coming back. I can finally play Portal 2 on PC
"I heard your lookin for a gentlemen, is it cool if hes australian too?" acctually i prefer em aussie ;)
wow, the kid is already terrified of his dad's 4th quarter interceptions.
but good for the brewers getting k over that hump
I'd be interested RT If there were an #OpenGovEast unconference would you go? Do you think many others would?
I really need to see a doctor... or figure out how to fix this relationship...
nah I doubt it
We are getting a lot of Thanksgiving food box requests and we need more turkeys. Call 503-274-4483 ask for Lori to help
your right that's why there's manny in corners shit
couldn't sleep too nervous about reading to APS kids! How are you?
Thx for RT & for agreeing! :-) RT : Agreed. ": ...might as well have "A Few Good Men" running in the background."
it's beionce ;)
I love reading- always have. Yeah, prob not a book up your alley but it's great! (Where She Went)
I want a god child!
Nervous! I get two tests back tonight! If you don't hear from me they're bad, but I'll be sure to brag if it goes well.
8 out of 9 doctors say Cheese Steaks are good year round, order Big Red's at www.s2yd.com
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-36
I cant breathe without you but I have to. These words got me through the hard day.
I traded for one of your starters today for my roto league, shields. Hope he keeps his winning ways
What is your favorite travel destination?
Thanks "People that care a lot eventually affect those that don't care" Whoa.
We will make up for it love! :)
nice one!
I'm bored... night!
You don't know a thing about football.
Now STOP.. SHOWER TIME. (:
Looks like I'll be here over night. Bummed! Sleeping in the USO.
Thoughts for Friday: Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
Attended the Heartland Pro Bono Seminar. Talked about New Child Support Guidelines. The guidelines are complex and in some ways, strict.
"break and reset" is the theme of the Outsell state of the industry report
Im ready to go to back to Virginia
how many of them are of me or ?!
thanks baby i love you ! Ans i know im so excited :* ah!
Taking the weekend off to spend time with family and friends. Which means, there should be lots of new material :)
“: Hey we just had sex and this is crazy ... But there's the kitchen sandwich maybe?” hahaha
Eastbound Hwy. M/Century Ave. in Middleton is closed from Allen Blvd. to Baskerville Ave. b/c cars can't climb the hill due to ice.
THE WORM! Haha I remember now:p <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B>
I'd be lying if i told you losing you was something I could handle...---
Before I was married, I had a hundred theories about raising children and no children. Now, I have three children and no theories.
RT for the chance to win a pair of PINK TUNES Headphones!
68% of US adults are
Absolutely! However, some schools are still very strict about requiring teachers to have a TEFL certificate regardless.
At the Addy Awards with my team! Wish us luck!
I've accomplished one thing today, waking up.
Cool stuff; loving being on your Mailing List! You're awesome! :)
Sitting here with my two new tick friends trying to decide if we should all go down to the clinic & see if any of us have Lyme disease.
I dont wanna go to work today I wanna just chill n lay around the house.
Same here!.... Happy holidays to you all!
That's the only thing I hate about my phone. It's awesome other than battery life which really sucks.
Excited to see bipartisan support for #ParentTrigger in committees for BOTH legislative houses!
About to eat on some Hispanic food right now
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. – Bill Cosby
I watched Rubio lose the last page of his speech and immediately thought of Jeanine Pirro's speech to launch her campaign against Hillary.
When a beautiful girl follows you >>>
hey you dumb faggot, where have you been. I miss your dumb fuckin face
#FF and her twisted/brilliant new film
Thx to the proposal reviewers and everyone who submitted proposals for the annual conference!
My Rubiio / West coin landed on it's side... Neither will be tabbed!
Jordan Levin says he left WB because they were more interested in "traditional results versus investing in the value of digital".
sorry my phone died e.e
Thanks for following !
I hit the gym today but I am thinking that being I ate Wendy's, Skyline Chili, and Graeter's Icecream; I should probably head back again!
MILAN to FLORENCE
Waiting for a homerun
Thanks Viva Las Vegas!!!!!
You're asking for favors but all I hear is excuses about why you can't do it yourself #justsaying I don't mind cause it's making me stronger
Get That Weak Shit Outta Here.!
Congrats Mye Hoang on world premiere of #viette at
THANKS SO MUCH! Big thanks to the amazing for her patience and creativity for the new music video!
if Jesus healed a blind man Democrats would create a billion dollar program trying to emulate his success.
Overheard at the bar: "you're the most long-eyelashed girl I've ever kissed." What a charmer!
I'M FROM THE ERA WHERE THE RAPPER MADE THE BEAT, AND U FROM THE ERA WHERE THE BEAT MAKE THE RAPPER.....
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Eva mendes put up 8-foot barriers on set so her fans couldn't see her on te set of place beyond the pines Bizarre! What are u hiding eva?
#Truth This definitely helped us when we were applying for scholarships.
Looking forward to having an amazing day!
I won yesterday
Did you sign up yet? Near the stage.
#caa2012 we need to talk about what hasn't worked: our failures, etc.
thanks for following, and congrats on all your success
You made a new twitter?(:
dr.pepper all the way! <3
The #FreedomSong has an amazing story and it would touch, heal, and inspire many to find that good in bad!
Phone taken away, only have the computer from 5-8:30 everyday this week :(
iz super sexy
#raw10 i did a stand-up @ a strip club n a stripper got mad cause i defended M. Vick. 1st time a woman got mad @ me n showed her titties.
Everything is about influence these days.
That's mean... #crying!
I guess, good point but then why don't they just flash some hot girls on the screen and forget the song though
I hate the fail whale
I am glad to be a person you follow , out of 12k people I am one , THANK YOU <3333333
I want to correct what I tweeted before. Kirsten Stewart in #WelcometotheRileys is so captivating.
No way. Neuheisel had a Memphis interview after UCLA?
It's that time again! Starting today and lasting tomorrow anything with a PINK tag is 25¢! Don't miss out!
Wow! You certainly stand out in a crowd!
write her and email and cc Santa Claus on the email LOL
Haha u are definitely a fan. Sorry, haven't published those since they were so early. If I do, I'll let you know. Thanks!
you should really come back to new york!
DRAKE- Shot For Me
So tired, but I gotta finish this book tonite
Get over here homework can't take that long
New collection posted and about to post more behind the scenes pics!!
Obviously it didn't help matters when you asked who won, because Misawa wins both of the fucking matches.
What's more fun than James Bond?..... Nothing!
#ifiwasdatingherrystyles I'D DIE OF EXCITEMENT.
Whatever you had last night, eat more of the same today, huh?
EVERY ISRAELI will agree that they need changes in the Israeli govt. It can't start with Hamas murdering Civilians. Do your part!
She turned her cants into cans and her dreams into plans.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Mi gente from los Angeles celebrating cinco de mayo weekend check point on Vermont and 6th
Making the game 10-handed is bad for the players, the dealers and the casino. So stupid, I can't stand it!
: no prob! Hope it's a great day!!
Thanks for the #seo chat at Great information!
I wanna make it so I never have to introduce myself again...
It seems the cold is here to stay.. Cuddle up to some warm holiday scents that will have you enjoying the great indoors in no time!...
r u kidding me! ur tweeting..r u for real or an imposter? WOW!! Come on live...like to chat..I am sure America is curious
Amazing digital opportunities video showcasing sight, sound, and media kicking off the Rock Digital Lessons segment
I agree, I noticed a change in the "buzz" after the switch to the new platform.
It was also suggested that when the weather gets warmer we could conduct our meetings outside on the campus in the quad.
I need protection from the overdraft monster!!
this new HD pro clip visor has been a nightmare to install so far
impossible don't exist
RT : Time tracking apps on phones & tablets for lawyers may pay for themselves w/ increased recording of time
low five.
Tea Partier Sharon Calvert has filed to run against Hills. County Commissioner Victor Crist.
Thanks so much Olia for sharing this post! Hope your week is starting off marvelously!
Awww sheeeeeit... Det. Linden just turned in her badge and gun.
Then u know more than I. Just seems to be one of those rare areas where some of our theo statements have undercut justice pursuits
Say hi to the Borontosaurus for me...my favorite exhibit when I was there as a kid
the best you'll be is dead to me!
No need to go to Aunt Kizzy's Soul Food in LA after the dinner threw down on tonight!
need to pay for this online fee and buy this bag before i lose my mind!
RT what to wear, what to wear?!
why would they bother me?
I got to level 4 and I quit.. -.-
We've got the Irish Itch! - Michael Collins Irish Whiskey with flavors of pineapple and melon. After one, you'll be itching for another!
Twitter is showing you hv 19 Favorites, but when i click it says you hv none. Hv u reported it?
hey Vanessa how r u doing?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
*fees!* (Not feed)
oh shush
+1 MT : : Dude, I don't think it's a stretch to cry "gender!" when commercial says, "Eat like a man, man!"
lmao I give up, for now
Thanks to all who came out to the EPA for LOST IN YONKERS today!
waddup. Yo I won't have internet for a minute. U good?
Im at covergirl tonight, come see me
Hey , and Meagan - We're drinking brass monkeys tonight and pouring one out for MCA
Email phishing attack of the day: From USPS with title of "USPS postage invoice."
you don't have to resort to that! Don't give in! Stick to the country music cause we all have friends in low places...
Looks more and more like we're about to get a rematch of the 06 Finals. Maybe they'll go up 2-0 and we'll win four in a row...
great show. Looking forward to leading the WI TresselCheats over the Geckos when you guys move to the new OOTP.
Yes, always a great combo. :) For some reason, I was in the mood for chocolate and a martini for dinner.
"i pass my math sol!" who gives a shxt bxtch, NOBODY HOE !
Good Morning :)
U too boo! ( I'm trying to get u guys to perform @ Nectars MV on the Vineyard this summer!! I BELIEVE!!!) I'm working on it, maan
just arrived!
Steven Ford talks about the challenges of having a father in the White House and 10 Secret Service agents assigned to him.
"Guilt is the source of sorrows, the avenging fiend that follows us behind with whips and stings." - Nicholas Rowe The past is past - grow!
He might be perfect... But I've said that before.
#than again if ur a slut i guess it dosent matter
Dinner with my bff and her family! I promise i will reply to any of the mentions when im back! Look at my bio! Bye! <U+2764>
#Trivia: Belgium has the most independent beer brands of any country. They have over 400! RT if you think we need to catch up!
Tune in to Comedy Central at 10:30 tonight to see Susan Saladoff, the director of , on the
4 Ex-Badgers #RyanSuter & #CraigSmith in NHL playoff action right now on
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Denton!
Only one week until the Feminism and LIS Unconference with and
Quad practice tonight where coach plays the cajon which she is just so good at(surprise) Jaime on keys so true and Beth on bass...
; unlock your tweets. >.<
If you cant handle a big ass #eraseyourself for real tho! .. EVAPORATE
tasty burger is so good!!!
that's when you unsubscribe + block
I'm pretty sure the people in my bf's neighborhood heading to work think I'm a stalker while I sit out here and wait, with binoculars
Only prob with out of town guests in Balto:
Ha- good luck with your paper! All is good- I graduate in June if all goes according to plan! :)
I hear you - but not sure G+ will be the go to FB alternative… for me it feels like a ghost town.
follow back :-)
Great wasn't it?!
Congratsto Ben Hamner for winning 1st ever global #dsghack #dsgh #bigdataweek Thankyou to all that took part and made it such an amzing week
To All My Followers,Yesterday my Twitter account was compromised and a message was sent out not from me. I apologize for the inconvenience.
My school: " you never talk" Me: " you're all bitches, that's why"
Its a little one. Yes.
And then God said, “Let there not be A Painter Of Light™” Thomas Kinkade (1958-2012)
is that a spam tweet? Have you been hacked? If not, tell us more!,
Just finished writing a story about you for english shooting 4 an A even if i did make it up shhhh dont tell :P
I loved Diana's! “: Are they not awesome?”
I appreciate all of the BYX Twitter followers! Good luck to the new officers. and will be taking over this now!
icing is a tie - the wife coming home with a "it's 7:00 and no baths yet?!" followed by "My tires are flat and it's raining!"
Every time I see people playing frisbee, my balls start to hurt.
Good feedback from my professor on the Soda Pop King story. Then a dental appt with Dr. Pop (real name) and got a crown.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 84
YES WE NEED TOO OR I THINK I MIGHT DIE?
Agreed RT to watch for future beauty deals - Jennifer Lawrence. Getting lots of buzz on red carpet.
“: The #CHURCH is a hospital for sinners, not a hotel for saints.”
I went to the Central library tonight! That was fun. Time to read up on things I got.
The Law of Compensation: Your income is determined by how many people you serve and how well you serve them.
- it sure does!
Why ? :) RT go to bingo players:)
I am in the dark ages when it comes to twitter. Please help me.
- I still have 2 weeks until break. :-(
Thank you for hosting us last night! We had a wonderful time!
Dear Keim, are you free to email? My Email is - I don't have a Google + account, sorry. Or Skype?
seriously! Me too! I'm thinking about Grad school. Hm... The possibilities!!!
I've just switched to android and I'm loving it! Thanks
Ugh corn nuts should be illegal in confined spaces. Why don't I just throw up in ur hat dude.
It's ok Legislatures don't need to know how to spell. You just help run our country. Its fine. :)
k so wen we r walking just ask steven or wat ever
I'm looking to move if anyone needs a roommate! Short term or long term, I'm flexible.
#AskRyan what is your favorite spongebob character? ;)
What do you think of the new RUSH release? They were due for new material! Excited!
Tell me why nd i n class nd shane allen snoring in class like a big ass dog on some meds lol #GetYoAssUp,
That's how you feel
Next 2 days is about partnerships. "This is a really exciting time, and this time we mean it!" -
The cleaning bug done bit so she ran away to clean! Lmao!
Welcome to new followers. Thank you! Looking forward to connecting with you.
Niggaz droppin out here an i refuse 2 let dat shit B Me Period So think be 4 you do itz one lyfe 2 Live so live it up
At the end of the day you gon do what u want
ladies and gentlemen, mr conway twitty
I've heard about it. I'm gonna check it out soon. Have you?
I wonder if they allow the use of Segways at a 5k...
went to wash my car and \only the water worked
I miss you too! You just made me cry a bit. Seriously, thank you. I needed that. I love you.
Eno & Frippppp taking me away to another dimension
": I got you babygirl!" You're too good to me!
“: Can see 'Dre Miller playing into his 50s? Got "Old Man Game" down to a science. Game is built on craftiness, not athleticism.”
Hi! Hoping we can meet 4 lunch next wk, but wanted 2 let you know about some jobs I posted in an earlier tweet to share.
#game7problems RT : So. There's no score.
They should create another show for the two of them.
I cried when tweeted me happy birthday
Watching Big Hair Alaska on TLC
Be creative. Open your mind.
Everybody follow these peeps
I can't sing at all but to know a legend is there. At that age I could speak in class. Lol
"Minimize distractions - the zone is difficult to re-enter" So. True.
Sorry we are still in mourning here in Indy
We would love to have you stop by the Oven. You can visit us and Fluffy. haha. You really should stop by the Oven.
shopping with my mom is embarrassing!
Went on a run to clear my head. Didn't know how far I would go. Ended up doing a 5k in the rain
Talking about the #Tebow trade and the #Broncos huge free agent splash w/ Peyton #Manning: John Elway joins at 8:20am MT today.
"Never does a man portray his own character more vividly, than in his manner of portraying another." - Jean Paul Richter via
B.E.T aint playing they already fired DerWin and Melanie from The Game now they talking about letting Rocsi and Terrence J go from 106&park
I can't figure out why we don't hang out more.
he's pretty good
well, I believe that a pool party at your house is well overdue. Don't mind if I invite myself over... hah!
Get rid of Ann Curry, have smaller/shorter segments.
RT Looking forward to tomorrow, will be my first fixed mass, will debut my skid stop
I highly recommend NOT BUYING Don O'Melveny's book titled Last Year in the Life of Marilyn Monroe..complete & utter
Cant wait!!
If I want a player to get hot...bench him.
jamming out to the jonas brothers. ah perfect<3
That is a great point. For now, the app's function is more about data. Next phase we are diving into more functionality.
Lmao @ Lionel Hollins yelling at his players
I'm hungry
is it the 50 year storm already?
#CivilWar Hookers' Camps were "Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL AMAZON/KINDLE $2.99
Make sure and submit what you love MOST about the Denver Broncos and McD’s for a chance to win!
resting, 4games in a row next week. #3MoreDays!
Why do guys take pictures with their shirts pulled up to show their abs when they dont even have any?
So i go in the kitchen to make some chocolate milk i open the fridge and guess what i dont have. welp off to walmart
why are females so dang sensitive maybe im a rare breed
Upgrade your life this year, not just your gadgets.
A new relationship isn't the cure for a bad one. Sometimes you have to heal first to keep from becoming the problem in someone else's life.
Thanks for following me! always great to connect with talented people
Thanks for the follow lovely!!
agreed absolutely, but concern for those in immediate line of fire should go to the right ppl.
When we pulled up the challenger niggaz said we disrespected
I hate that women sometimes
we have experience with woven labels, but screened ones are pretty popular at the moment. What designs are you printing?
It gave me bronchitis. AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FO DAT.
great! Now if only I could convince the warm sunshine to stow away in my purse ;-)
As if I couldn't be anymore of a dork, I dreamed about indexing books last night.
Suggestion - allow us to reorder Whiteboards alphabetically or by last modification date.
Thanks! If you live in Central Florida you should come and see us play!
FInish this sentence..."The best part of St. Patty's day is ______"
Eat healthy, stay fit, Die anyway.
haha sorry for sounding bitchy just kinda pisses me off.
It<U+FFFD>s important to supervise your child when he or she is playing with your dog and not leave them unattended
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 54
and his morning text messages >>>>> awe que lindo :)
Follow back
Q: What store do you usually do the most shopping at when you visit Charlottesville Fashion Square?
well now that im officially creeped out downstairs, im gunna transport up my stair and switch to #twittermobile. LOL.
Goodness. My #Titans mock draft wasn't off by much. I had the undersized WR going in the 5th round. Gave TEN too much credit.
Oh we just get closer I fall in love all over Every time I look at you
checking out real estate classes for ce
Watch performers dazzle you with their bellydancing, poi acts, hula skills tonight at 8:30 for just $10. Event is 21+
Follow Me Please(:
New icons thanks to
Welcome new consensus builders thanks for following
IF YOUR CONTENT ISN’T GOOD ENOUGH TO ATTRACT GOOD, NATURAL LINKS, IT DOESN’T MATTER HOW “OPTIMIZED” THAT CONTENT IS
RT : I just tried to kill a spider with hairspray. He's still alive, but his hair looks outstanding.
Looking forward to posting KiD'n Together music.
did anyone know the answer?
...the main façade. This was usually an Attic order, with pilasters instead of pillars; whence the name.
Right on Brotha thank you!
Do you always have trouble finding a guitar strap that will fit you properly? We can help! www.guitstripsguitarstraps.com
Praise God from whom all Blessings Flow!
I know it. Its going down.
Newsroom is glued to right now. What will President Obama say?
awesome!! Did you read the new #ACL article in the June JOSPT? Good discussion on unilateral forces possibly being damaging
haha you should !!! It's a good song !
Danica is about as good of an actor as she is a race car driver......Horrible!!!
I jus wanna make You famous!
To see the rainbow, you must see the rain first :-)
what a nice carpet!
Not ready for this workout. About to get my ass. Kicked.
Happy Birthday! I hope ur have a gr8 day :-)
Are there any penalties for late arrival to the Fail con? I might only be able to make it for the last couple of hours.
noo you don't :) & ohkay . I will find my phone & text you back :)
Still better than Rickie Weeks.
See us on the cover of Custom Home magazine (hanley wood publication). Plan number 3805. Find the plan on our stock plan search page.
yay sounds good I'll send you a message with my number so we can keep in touch!
MKE's created a brilliant show called Community. It airs tonight at 7 on NBC. Watch it all the time.
Happy Mother's Day, moms! Thanks for reading to us :)
Wow. That is something. I wonder what it uses?
my bf is a lactard so introduced us to your caramels - yum!
you know you hate someone anyone that much. Lol I know you do!
True love is when a guy answers your phone call during sex.... right?
I just want to be in the sun! SO unmotivated today.
What game system? I'll take anyone on the 360.
Thanks for #oceangiants This is so great!!!
And GOD himself only knows WHO Else??? Beautiful She is, But Not so smart
omg i miss you too!!
How to Budget Your Money
Carly Rae was awesome. You guys would have LOVED HER!
watching animal farm with
Trying on my new bras ;)
Agreed that reading within ss is changing. Question is how do we teach our students to gather, process, & apply knowledge?
and mix in some real performance assessments - and I would be game-
#lovewhen your having a bad day , then all of a sudden it gets worse :;
o what kind?
Supposed to snow today:/ just great...
Need to start christmas shopping...
It has been awesome seeing u back on the air in Morning
i feel like non-stick pans are so amateur now. i am ALL about my all-clad!
RT #PatriciaHeaton is against women's rights talking @ Ms.Fluke. Let's stand together as women! Me= [+as PEOPLE]
If it's not one thing there's always another.
Good morning, thanks for following :)
RT : Imagine if NASA had been run like a business. We'd still think the moon was made of cheese.
Dyce saw me in the nude this morning as I was changing and he pointed at me and laughed. Not the boost of confidence I was hoping for!
I'm sure that your not aware that you can't say... IRISH WRISTWATCH! Did you try it? I told you
Saw "Crazy Enough" last night. Great show. Now to get those songs out of my head.
TY TY to everyone that is in this discussion Let's not let the volume of the argument overpower the issue.
Wanna win a getaway to the ? Stay tuned next week for a chance to win. Be prepared to share your New Year's Resolutions!
yeah she did.
lolololollolololol i tagged twice in one tweet, im a rebel
Just finished outline for what i want to do for the Giving Program ... it's only five pages long.
Conan is doing the first ever same sex marriage live on his show today that is so awsome.
I have Greg Jennings, Wes Welker, and Marques Colston on my team. Do I bench any one of them for Beanie Wells?
can ya'll follow me please??? :)
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 41
Join las hermanas at our Founders Day BBQ TODAY from 12-4!! GW - Anniversary Park
#TEAMBOSSPROOF is in FULL EFFECT
Heck yeah!! Love you Angel! ;)
i saw a girl and some dudes doing that today in the barbershop.
my fav is between life goes on and unrated <21 but otherwise i love them all lol
Lololol i know..and there so awkward. The kid was like touching her legs..
Give us a report, Tara. What's happening? Any sign of #Discovery yet?
:O Omg lucky. I hope that happens to me. Because the hurricane is hitting my WHOLE state. And I'm near the ocean.
Thanks for the RTs this AM, wish we were back at #AMASummit though!
Kudos to Paul Pierce () for passing Larry Bird and moving into 2nd place on the Celtics all-time scoring list.
“: 100lb snatch!!!!! FINALLY got it!!! Woohoo! #crossfit”great job!
SOME BODY PLEASE TELL ME THE NUMBER !!!
Chilling with my friends :*
And no one hates you. :) Just tryin to help :)
same thing
#WiP #foodfight scene in Golden Queens Commando reminiscent of 's Prison-A-Go-Go!
Glad to know...ur welcome xo
aw ya, endurance is always there, just gotta bring it back. I run daily, but only 2-5miles, focusing on toning & muscles now
Andrew Breitbart fans are demonstrating at the White House Correspondents Dinner. (Demonstrating why it's great that he's dead.)
Because you like to torture yourself?
Congrats coach Petigout on historic win
I'm so sick of big fat nasty West Memphis!
In Spanish, cant stay awake..
Yea- look forward to seeing you out again! You guys were so fun!
I hope you are enjoying Hawaii
1:30 but we got to be there earlier than that. Ill go!
Had a wonderful weekend and ishe is already looking forward to next weekend! Is it Friday yet?
get a plastic cover for that keyboard to protect it from the rain!
Ian Somerhadler as Christian Grey >>>>>
Cool, try to recruit some Twitter friends! 2pm EST on Twubs or any other twitter client you want to use!
your tumblr reminds me that I need a frock in my life, haha :)
that's too funny :)
Probably not, unless you could prove usage. Not that any of it can prove useage... On the other hand, who's watching.
The squirrel is the best one of all time.
The winners of the Motorcycle Manufacturers World Cup, Independent Builders Open Challenge, and the best Local Events will be recognized.
Makin me want food, sounds like a blast..
Watching #Patriots vs #Chargers 06 Playoff Game. Can't believe San Diego lost. So many opportunites but came up 3 pts short.
I’m just telling you the basics Of growin’ up with your friends and becoming the one that made it
works for me! Let's plan on meeting then.
have a great day :D
is it possible to go to Target or Costco and spend less than $50. If it is, I haven't found it yet.
TRY THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE TODAY! YOU WILL FIND THAT THESE PRODUCTS ARE AFFORDABLE&SUFFICIENT .shop.completelength.com
TGIF Hard-headed and breaded
What's up beautiful?
now that #thatcamp pnw and austin are finished, any advice for thatcampcbus? things that worked, didn't work, could have worked?
Keep it up Celtics!
is on point today. Getting me through Monday's at the office is a tough gig but they pull through.
TGIF.... Ha that's a fuckin joke
my phones of
Newark New Media Innovation Lab Meetup was off the hook. Thanks to all who came out. Brilliant minds.
Men's Basketball picked up their 5th consecutive conference win tonight @ Loyola 66-57! Stay hungry Panthers...Saturday we go for #6!
I remember him from Chargers games when we lived in Cali, so sad:( #RIP Junior Seau
laying under the a/c
Thx! Plan to mention yr proj in #AAM Twitter tutorial :) You coming to LA?
Is coming with you?
Everybody are gettin played in this movie
I spent last summer out in Cali and I made some definite memories lol. Lets see what Florida brings to the tables!
Also, are you visiting home for Trsre Isld? Solomon is interested in attending and you guys can cover it tgthr. I can't go sadly
Thanks for coming out today! We're excited for the project!
RT : CLEVELAND VENUE CHANGE FOR OPIE & ANTHONY LIVE SHOW - we will be at The Blind Pig, 1228 West 6th St. On FRIDAY 3-7 pm.
If there are winners from the financial crisis, it's Asia: //tinyurl.com/ykqwz9u
I miss smoking in the back of Sheridan Tech. I be coming too late nowadays
Party Of Three sings Britney, Whitney, Madonna, Gaga & more w/Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta Drake on drums Martuni's SF 5/5 7pm
Newark based business? Looking for new opportunities? Join us at the b2b Newark business club! Emal: .uk
FOLLOW ME LIL TWIST! #teamtwist :D
I see you at #Merrimack Nice booth.
"It's THE girl. It's THE girl of 1994." (You look like her in this shady celebrity look-alike app I just downloaded.)
TRUTH IS: 12 ROWS up from center court for the Denver Nuggets game tonight!!!! Woohooooo!!!!!
Packing for Leaving room in my suitcase for books I buy.
First televised #Brewers game of the year! #herewego!
Hoopla: we appear to love it,whats the next hot issue, .What's Your opinion ? How do YOU feel ? Next / Pandering/Next /Quick /Next
hahah Olivia is now famous.
Talked to They are looking forward to their first #ExtremeThing show today. Check them out at 5pm.
I looked up k.d. lang in order to offer some words of redeeming value... I GOT NOTHING!!!
My favorite thing about Sunday is going straight from my morning coffee to my afternoon beer.
aww that sucks:(
Can't wait for the #mke #CraftBeer blind tasting tonight going to be
i need a shoulder rub
Why are you so tired?
Sounds great!
I hereby verify the veracity. Though I might debate whether it was actually an "exchange."
The Pens lines right now are hilarious. Reminds me of the good times last year with Kovalev Letestu and Talbo on line 1.
you guys aren't slick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> I know what's going on lol
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
Lotus Flower Bomb
Kobe with the nail in the coffin
I just want sleep and you.
Hackworth: Whoever is on the sideline, people should know that Peter Nowak is in charge.
`about to take a shower and then try to take a nap before its time to cook dinner, unless he gonna cook
im so glad they bottled it. Its such a nice beer.
#shoutout to my friends in Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Spain, Russia, Estonia, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Belgium, Turkey, Israel
Great buy for new teachers >> Free: A Sustainable Start
I'm a little fed up with know-it-alls and one-uppers today.
“: RT if you will be single for Christmas.” Idk?? Maybe?? Hopefully not ;)
The Wisc. Whitewater Warhawks could be the Purple champions of the weekend. If they hold on for the Div I Championship 2nite
HTSCo. says "Keep is positive. No matter what" www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Thank you sir. Hoping to get it up and going tomorrow.
that is awesome
even when you are away, you provide with great content. Thanks Howard have a great holiday.
IF ANYONE MUST KNOW: I got a 100 in my history class on the Progress Report. And I have a strict yet badass teacher.
Awesome "handball United" chant from !
Great job for you're number 1 album!
Sleep is playing hide and seek with me right now... i simply cant find it:(
So does that mean too many page hits? How am I supposed to change anything when I can't get into plesk to do it?
thats why things are not getting done in this country!!! Too much emphasis on politics!!!
Zaner-Bloser's National Handwriting Summit was featured on All Sides with To listen to the podcast, click here:...
Well see!
Find something you're passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it. <U+2015>Julia Child
You know I know u F*ckin around ... You ain't gotta lie to me we not together.
that sounds like a Rx for happiness!
Sunny today, highs close to 50, 100% chance of CHERRY LIMEADES flowing #Baltimore (8212 Liberty Rd) #Annapolis (3106 Solomons Island)
Thanks! But, they were popular enough last year that I should splurge for a bunch. Like mom always says, bring enough to share. ;)
put the FUN in dysfunctional :)
If you have seen THE ADDAMS FAMILY in NYC, you have NOT seen the touring production... around 40% of the musical was updated for the road!
there's no place for them to enter the new lane without mounting the curb.
I'm there RT Join #ITChat NOW- Examining #sustainable behaviors for biz. cc:
Seriously though...ouch.
Grocery shopping. If it don't go on the grill, we don't want it.
Seriously need to rent movies or go to the movies! !!
Yeah bitch yeah bitch call me steve-o
Totally RT : Steelers are still hotter
hahahah don't crush our hopes and dreams xD !
Diane Keaton gives me hope for aging gracefully. She's so real, so un-star like. Yet, she's a true talent. Love her!!
very true!!!
no I haven't tried it. I'm afraid it'll make the voices stop
OMFG. He is so sexy!:D lol c:
It's gonna get worse.
She really want it if she put it in herself... #imma stop now lol
Oops, webinar was rescheduled for Thursday at 5pm EST - mark your calendars!!!
GUESS WHAT? ?.........MY BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW! !<3
Let's go #Aztecs!
": Wonder if Larry Merchant is doing the interviewing tonight??" Count on it!
oohh! Monkey tilt? Or just tilt?
Who you are - Jessie J <3
Teachers having nightmares over state testing, students clutching stuffed animals during test to feel safe...where did we go wrong?
that's always fun, kinda!
I am loving having a #Kindle - even though it's the basic version and my kids flaunt their kindle Fires at me!
Lil bro: r we goin to shoppin save Mom:no were goin to the liquar store Me: YAY! mom:?? Somethin is wrong with u Me: i know :)
i guess i hope so, but i'm not super optimistic
i wont give up #tilltheworldends (:
whoa that looks awesome, I'm a bit overwhelmed with stuff right now but would love to hear what you think of it
Where's the Green Line bus & why doesn't it have NextBus on the web site yet? :(
So true lol
She thinks I'm BAKING chicken WINGS..lolol...Not even...I'm not baking it..nor are there wings being cooked..lol..
Food, music & a book = bliss
Ikr! I'm so proud of my team! Luv them so much n puttin my pic on the site, they gave me sum luv back!!;-)
New roommate Lee Wulc welcome home!
Thanks for the mention.
This is absolutely incredible - I've never seen this many ppl anywhere except the Inauguration!
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
Was taken yo ass to long, so I txtd you! Ha, biotch plzzz.
RT : Dear guys, Please watch chick flicks. Sincerely, they are a step-by-step instruction manual on how to treat a girl!
That is awesome! Do it!
Will the Colts end their losing ways today and upset the Bengals?
Standing at the back of the start corral w/ a red/white umbrella.
"First we wrote on blogs, then we tweeted on Twitter, now we speak in pictures on Pinterest." -OH lament from a logophile.
RE: Your tweet about $1000/mo rent-- I'm moving to LA in a few months and YOU'RE SCARING ME ;-)
hey all...if you have a chance, plz follow, and maybe purchase some soy candles..owners are long time followers! Thx
I TiVo'd a Kings/Nets game...this is not an April Fools joke
any chance the lecture might be available online? Sounds very interesting!
wait!!!! WHAT?!!! I am extremely jealous, miss!
What is the best all-purpose camera app for #iPhone? Editing, text, etc.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg. Chinese Proverb
We Offer A Powerful FREE Website & Search Engine Services for USA Musicians and Live Music Venues - www.USAMusician.net
I love flip flops; I am a shore girl! Will definitely come visit you, thanks for the follow!
former college coach claims he has trouble catching ball due to small hands
You would think older rappers are humble and calm but no they are hating on all the younger talent #realmature they should know better.
What users won't think about tied to intellectual ends a project is aiming at. A kind of zooming in & out here
ya i just gotta go home and get my clothes together.
You always make me feel better
I haven't seen or talked to in ages...not chill
“: Welcome to Twitter, !” Stepping his game up
Work, mice, homework.... Jeeze what the hell are these weeks coming too lol
Are you looking for a fun weekend activity? Have you been to Portland Saturday Market? It is a fun, interesting place to hang out and...
Trey please, it works both ways. I insist we skype asap! So much catching up to do.
So much for any support I give PSU. And no, that doesn't mean I support child sex abuse.
damn I hate the Yankees but Jorge is the best kind of player there is, humble, and amazing, he's been playing as long as I have lived!!
#JKB Jason Is So Upsetting -____-
Cute! Excellent use of the shallow shelves.
So, my Millionaire episode airs a week from today, April 4th in St. Louis on Channel 11 @ 11am, that's all.
you are so sweet. graduating saturday. woo hoo!!! love you girl. <3
haha, I just posted a pic of the beard.
I laugh when someone says I never have time for them. Lol no, I just dont want to hang out.
Entering tiger talk @ NZP
I resemble that remark (but not in LHE)
Ugh. Car done broked again. Had to cancel class today. I'm sure my students are heart broken.
Many thanks for your support!
hahaha!! That was a fun one to draw!
late lunch and I'm hungry
Use my bracelet for cycling & motorcycling. Would recommend interactive version in place of medic id. Much better product.
all I wanted was to see ya in Knoxville this weekend...guess wishes don't always happen
IT Outsourcing that works for Small Business.
We live in stories.Most of our best conversations are about stories. Stories are a big step sidewise and up from information. via Cluetrain
Is over the Drama & Gossip.. If I wanted to be in melodramatic soap opera, I would of auditioned for "Days Of Our Lives".
yea i do
Any sweet, kind, nice girl want a Boyfriend then just tweet
Creepy as hell.
Oh no I got twatchers!!!!
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL AMERICAN BELIEBERS.
But you won't know unless you give it a try
Reuniting with the Loyola COLLEGE crowd
but Kobe played good. It bynum and gasol y'all need to talk to
NIALL. YOUR FACE = SEX.
just got here and I already wanna go home
way to go!
“ RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.”
How's life? Can we get some followers plleeeease!?!?:))
majored in heartache.
wow!! When do I go to the gym?I I like boxing too for high energy work outs- I wanna be toughie! Haha!!:)coz I'm too softie:))
LOL I got cake, that was enough. ;-) RT happy birthday to my amazing vocal coach ! and i mean HAPPY lady! (lol)
yes to posting pic via twitpic email.
If you're wondering who we are why don't you check out our website fro more info www.wawild.org
Sadly, I've been all wrapped up in other things and I'd completely forgotten the derby until just this moment!
Make that Kent not Kevin ... rough night
yeah that'd be good too
can y'all please stop talkin bout babies... Dudes tuning from ya just Lookin at ya tweets
Almost summer time! Yes! I love summer, beach, exercise outside
My go to Tantric Sex move is the Upside Down Mortgage.
Sending your question to Dan Turner. Let's see what he says. Thanks!
haha thank you<3 and I'm a grandmaO_o
Once Rage Against The Machine comes to play a free concert, I'm there
We are now on Pinterest!
Well sure. But then you are an idealist :-)
haha! I like it! Contracted! GET IT?!
#ItmakesMeHappyWhen i find out she has a twin
Chinese new yr pig out on sesame chicken. Cinco de mayo pig out on tacos. Italian- French Canadians need a day so I can pig out that day too
Happy birthday man!
we da we da best ;D I love you too boo :) #CauseGirlYoureAmazingJustTheWayYouAre :P
Ok i see, You're ballin' rich so you have two homes in CO.
Steve Kroft just said Norquist's strategy had "characteristics of a protection racket". Nice!
My play “Ticket To Eternity” was just accepted into the Midtown International Theatre festival.
No punitive damages? I don't like the precedent this sets for my case against Crocs.
Enough ranting for one day, back to work now
...because how you reacted to that statement is fundamental to how YOU learn.
#sold RT : Ive only been following her for a few weeks, but has quickly become 1 of my favorite ppl to follow on Twitter
did you shatter the frames!?
Jonathan Herrera, the No. 8 hitter, plops one in front of Melky Cabrera, who tries to sell the catch, but it's an obvious trap
Seoul asks UN to add N. Korea entities to sanctions list
we agree! Pre order today and get your hands on one of the first!
Wet disc causing problems for both teams, but #Spinners take a 15-13 lead. #AUDL 9:40 left in regulation
Good night, world! Sweet dreams!!))
#nsn3d was truly inspirational. I have to admit i cried. It was unbelievable.
typical...just got off the phone, forms now in the mail to be signed and notarized, sent back, & new check can be issued! BAH!
I know but I'm in class.
Things are going fine, thanks! How are you?
same here! Looking forward to it!
Oh my God what an amazing day! Surrounded by so much love & many blessings! I cannot believe this incredible man chose me to be his wife!
yo homedawg, since your on right now, would u follow me please(; woo!
Exactly - LOL > I have the same problem with these dirty chics following me to.
48 Hour Film Project is a week away!
I have the best girlfriend in the world.
(sigh) RT : Sources have confirmed that Juan Agudelo has been traded by RBNY to Chivas USA for Heath Pearce & allocation $
Check out #Spreecast to do live, interactive video conversations with MSU men's basketball fans.
hate to butt in but I totally agree. The are one of my favorite bands too. Plus Ben Burnley is smexy.
Attention all Orlando producers, actors, and writers if you are interested in working with a sketch comedy show we are looking for plenty
Great opening keynote speech at the Conference. Now sitting in presentation about mobile apps and devices in classroom.
We continue our #KentuckyDerby Day by watching #Secretariat. You rock
Thank you thank you thank you again for lending me your laptop, I got nothing without my notes.
oh, well then that sucks...:(
Thanks, we hope all's well.
hey Ingrid sending some love your way sweety.
Just took the shortest shower of my life, and was still interrupted, in the middle of conditioning. Fuuuuck.
eMarketer: Due to some security issues, our blog is currently down. Stay tuned …: eMarketer: Due to some security issues, our blog is...
I'm starving
Good news. RT : Homer believes cap will rise from $64.3M to about $69M.
Make sure if you have amplified music, that you cannot hear it from more than 3 houses away, otherwise you could be ticketed
A6: Be memorable by becoming involved outside your job.
Than create s/thing parents, edu, society can say okay...we gt it...this will work....
Keep focus on users' objective, not the interface. -
Beer and chocolate tasting tmrw and we've still got a few spots left. Call 4698148299 to RSVP!!
The actors even mesh with the mise-en-scene (John Hurt waking up) and the Nostromo shots are way more 2001 then Star Wars.
No super moon for me. Just super clouds. And super haze. Super shitty.
Whip Lounge on Mill Tonight get your ass up & lets go gonna be hott No Cover 5th St and Mill Ave Tempe next to Starbucks Free Shots come on!
Thinking about you before I fall asleep...Good Night guys
hey guys! just getting started. so please be patient you wont regret it! thanks. -Jordan
All I want is Jacob Josefson to be back on the ice cause I miss my adorable little Swede.
As a foodie I thank you.
headed to Lafayette to emcee a father daughter dance!
Haven't RSVP'd yet 4 our Frog's Leap Wine Dinner? Make ur reso & come enjoy an amazing 5 course dinner w/ great wine! C u @ d table!
I really hate the phrase "hunky-dory."
First walk home from work of the season. Nice 7 mile hike through downtown, belltown, queen anne to
It always feels good tying up loose ends! A clean break is so refreshing!
Duke using ImageNow and Jtacq as tools in their ERM workflow management
En Vouge is covering Aretha Franklin and it sounds amazing.
Loving this weather
Think about social as the key platform for new product launches-Paul Dunay, Avaya
I dont see u for a year u come back for one fucking day and try to tell me how to live my life fuck no.!
so proud of you guys follow?
Hi Tiffany, Thanks for the follow! Stuart
I can't wait for #turntoyou purely because I just love my mummy :')
is better than you.
202 reads on my fanfic!? omg im so happy!
I don't support the ideas of Occupy but suport their right to say it, and others rights to refute it.
Awesome stuff right there, Ben. Thank you.
I wonder, if we got enough social media support, if we could convince to let ride in one of the cars..
#FF My Online Sisters Love them <3
and we all know high fives are free. Can't wait to have you back
. Just 10 wave coop action with some objectives thrown in, pretty fun. U can level up characters with each skill set
Wifey just said, "When E is away, we shall play!". Sounds like a long over due date night! #HungerGames here we come! Woohoo!
LMBO, no no... For HIM! Ha! I thought youd like that.
Yeah it really is a beautiful spot!
Great warm and relaxing break at ! Now back to reality of work and school
Love my new Focus but STAY AWAY from they'll toss your credit app around like its a party. They sent my app to over 20 banks,LAME
benches like a girl...but at least I can bench again!
Crazy right?! Watching for first time. ": Watching #gipsywedding. Um old maid at 18?"
Oh nice! Didnt know studio did the #prettypowerful text and likely other things.
Bunion Taping
Being in the car while other people are driving in drivers ed is not fun..
Not at all sure what may be causing our widget not to show up. It's their code!
haha but I would never call you that :)
Great thing about travel to the east coast- everyone here thinks their getting to bed late, but for me it's an hour earlier!
Follow Back.:))
It's time! Kayla has been in labor since about 1:00. Currently at the hospital. We're both running on about 30 minutes of sleep.
You have to catch me first to eat my brains RT : Thanks in advance for your delicious brains.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.-Mother Teresa
just heard this guy two days ago on Pandora after searching for Allen Stone...station also played Halter...new favorite station:)!
Spending the day with my boyfriend today, its long over due.<3
Stop. I'll just plug your nose & put it in your mouth so you have to breath in.. OK? ok.
I've got an angel, she doesn't wear any wings. A<3
we will see
"it's not until we feel distant from the problems, from our usual haunts, that the insight becomes obvious" Jonah Lehrer
Sounders are away today so come catch the game with a cold pitcher of Red Hook No Equal. Game starts at 5:30. GO SOUNDERS!
Just read 's new book, Say This, Not That to Your Professor. Excellent! Think I'll give it out instead of syllabus.
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 4
With only 12 days until we hear those words, "pitchers and catchers report", are you getting the itch for more baseball?
#justbecause he's a #goodman doesn't mean he's the ONE for YOU....
U have a twitter addiction. Calm down MsTechnology
Shoutout Toxic Loin Cloth
Also includes a multiple word or phrase node-centric network feature (NodeTric) instead of focusing on only one word or phrase.
Going to meet Assembly member Jeff Miller's Chief of Staff by myself. Scared. He is on Transpo committee & expanded lotso freeways Orng Cty
That I wouldn't have expected. Good!
I can't help myself
What an AMAZING job ! So effing proud of you!!!!
When am i not ready for a swirl!?
Happy Friday! Find out more about our great marathon at www.monumentalmarathon.com Start training this weekend. You can do it!
ashley I am a big fan of them I am also from La okeii bay
Define "innocuous."
Congratulations! Great news!
The late Amarillo Slim will be recognized at this summer's #WSOP, but no formal plans have yet been made, WSOP says.
#RIP Al Davis
thanks boo ;)
Isnt that what he is?
- Thanks for the mention Dauson! Have a wonderful weekend!
Can't get enough of the sun, the fresh air, and this feeling of renewal all around
How can you learn & grow when you never step out to try something new and exciting? There is never a lack of resources, only a lack of ideas
Chicken rice bowl
Where have you been all my life? :3
Its gon be a sad day in boxing when all we have is cats like Chad Dawson left. #SMH He need to take that MMA shit over to UFC.
thanks.. ill tell yu how it went..
Austin Real Estate is Really heating up!! I can help you keep your cool while getting the hot deals - message me for more!
enough is enough with this guy . hang em up RT : Lol, hopefully. RT : Is Favre's career over?
Somebody anybody stuff me in there suitcase for sb so I'm not here.
When a girl finds out she's attractive really ruins her.
Forcing myself to eat even with no appetite because I hate getting hungry at 11pm!
the story of my life
Today is the last day to view Pierre Gonnord : Relatos at Hasted Kraeutler
Looks like I'm changing. Smh
Ahmed: People need time to change. They must overcome years of misinformation
Dr. Bingham will be honored at 7 p.m. in the Michael D. Rose Theatre in an event free and open to the public!
God is good thank you for the blessings dear lord...I will continue to triumph over the cowards that I despise...
It was really fun :) danced to a bunch of songs and stayed until midnight lol I'm glad you're still around :D
Ha, we also wish more people knew growth = change / ORIGINAL number! Harder to achieve growth after reaching certain levels!
it don't take 2hrs to cook some porkchops hurry up mom I'm hungry ! ! !
Thank You
Plenty!! Smith Cuvee, Method Noir, 2 Holiday Blends, gift boxes, taster's sets and more. Best shopping in town.
meteor shower happing
Hey, guys. Thanks for checking us out. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Glitter Girls Big announcement. We are sealing the deal NOW!
Quality time with tonight >>>>
10minutes of walking= A great workout
I got some 20inch hammers for a peugot...if u know anybody
praying that when gets famous that he won't forget about who really cares about him and his youtube like justinbieber did.<3
I can read your mind... Muah hahaha
« these #What2ChainzWouldSay got me weak af .»
Who wants to go see American reunion tonight
I gave a stripper a hot-pacho once, and was forcefully removed from the premises.
LeBron the best
Two minute drill y'all. I need a little Lagniappe!
I finally get to watch a Brewers game today!!!
Can really name a rubber chicken Camilla and send it out in space to study a solar storm -_-
Where Did We Go Wrong.. Dondria
hit my follow button And i will hit the vote button
First time I read it I missed the stat that more int'l than US students were employed last year. That's really interesting...
rring my house phone then?
I'm saying is why tf would you wana go back
What I found disturbing was notion that one should take only courses one finds valuable. Any degree program will have ...
it's a shame how some people live for the moments to try to suck the life out of others ..
Those digital speedometers on the side of the hwy are meant to challenge you to beat the score of the guy in front of you, right?
Attending SugarCon this year? So are we! Come by booth #117 and learn how you can grow your business with customized CRM
created new song "Darling" tonight (recorded improvised live)
To connect with great people like the ones here at
so I can prep and actually bake something good this weekend for it!
Let HR be a state of mind, not the reason your mind is in such a state.
Anyone else notice their almond milk looks like it curdles in their coffee? Tastes yummy, looks yucky!
Back in Texas. But I found my calling: Mountain Writer. It almost doesn't even matter what I write anymore. Almost.
T-shirts is a really innovative way to express the real you, your thoughts, your ideas, etc
American Idol Viewing & Voting Party TONIGHT at . The fun begins at 5pm. Bring your family & cheer Jessica on!
Jealous.. I should have gone to the Beach too :(
m salted dust salad
Crazy! How could anyone be upset with you about writing about that? People are so self-centered. I hope you feel better soon.
Afraid or not paying attention? Have to admit my head in sand 'til last yr when WI hit hard. "Can't happen here"
First show airs this Saturday night immediately after SNL. Set your dvr. My head looks enormous on TV!
It's not easy bein' breezy!
This okc and laker game is crazy
i am on stickam shuffle trying to promote this band of ours
What’s your favorite scenic overlook in RVA? The Belle Isle pedestrian bridge and Oregon Hill overlook both provide fantastic skyline views.
Depends on one's viewpoint, my friend. We r touching on some socio-economic issues w/this one!
“: I just learned that beer donkeys are a thing.” wtf?!?
Albeit belated ... But Happy Walter Jones Appreciation this last Monday (4/30)!
YAY! You're leaving? I think you are bad for "real" PDX reviews. BYE!
Whatever you do is a matter of choice so never blame anybody for your failure.
Structures and processes have been identified through the research. Cultural context will be very key according to Dr. Levinson.
I lied and told VonVon I was ready. I have to freshen up. Lol.
Talkin fav & worst hotels w & , Rmbrin W hotel acted like it would make up for its issues & never folwd thru.
i need sleep. wish this lil fuck would cover my shift
i hate
one of the most amazing songs I've ever heard. I hope keeps his promise :)
Charisma is an energy that attracts people to you! RT : How much does charisma play a role in achieving success?
RT: “: A great nights work put in on our bylaws by our elected officers. Next all post meeting on 04MAR”
Happy Valentines Day! Finish this sentence...My all-time favorite romantic movie is _______. Mine is 'Gladiator'. Huh!?
ah, you can barley see the background. but you can go to my last tweet & look at it((:
hey bro :)
It's funny how dogs and cats know the inside of folks better than other folks do, isn't it? - Eleanor H
time on you tube. Very Very Uplifting (which i have needed) Thank you.
AND they should give out ONE pair for a random twitter handle!!
There's your coach. All the plays are just that beard yelling at Boozer's Lego Man haircut to be aggressive.
I would totally do a thing with you sometime if you wanted. not sure what kinda knowledge you'd want dropped.
Friday night treat
Table data and mobile layouts just do not mix.
"YOLO means doing something that matters" omfg give me a fucking break xD
I love watching MythBusters, lots of explosions.
keep thinking that rhought.
I need a theme song.
What do think of making your event's evaluations public?
Chilled Saturday!
Thank you so much! We couldn't do it without people like you!
Considering not showing up for my SOLs..
these allergies got to go.
Shit thats more likely u u kno more bout prison than me and u always come out smiling!
At least cu basketball starts soon.
Going hard is a given...
Thanks for the blog post tweet
maybe I'll just come down and play acoustic for you :)
novel has pynchonesque historical track abt history of the accounting spreadsheet and its various, slavery-related innovations
Watching a movie about a killer sperm..
Rush Hour 3 is ON! :)
Happy #summersolstice everyone! Longest day of the year!
#goldrush that teaser for next week #What ?????
oh cool while waiting to see a doctor, i am being serenaded by the receptionist as she sings and whistles along to all star by smash mouth.
Blunts+Bitches= Jacuzzi..
Dinner special tonite is a Shrimp Po' Boy with Cajun mayo and side for 6.99. Open til 7pm, go Jackets!
Then just to spend 4 hours with her again
Who's going to the Internet Marketing Party tonight in downtown San Diego? I'll be there! Let's connect tonight!
I've got issues if Rick Ross - Hustlin' has been stuck in my head all day.
I cannot wait 2 your summer collection is out in stores...July 15th! :D
ne-yo Libra Scale Release date : November 22 2010
Good start to this week lets keep it goin
I know, right! I have seen many a man scream like a girl seeing a spider! lol
Following Keebler Elves on Twitter is about as idiotic as "Liking" Ford on Facebook.
Had an amazing weekend & even saw the new Muppets film, which I love! Have a great Monday everyone! I love you all!!
HI LOVE BACK SIGUR pretty ok
I think it's time to clean my heart out!! You know who you are!!
I just earned the Nighthawk badge on #Yelp!
Looking forward to another great day of training with
Just watched the latest touch down, running in my minds eye! Go Trojans, Fight On!!!!!!! Traveler
Thanks again everyone for the Birthday wishes. It truly means who my friends are even if i don't talk to you anymore..
Where's ?
Wilsons hot tamales makes you jolly
We just got it! Thanks for taking the time to send us an email. A follow-up to your response will arrive shortly :)
congrats!! Still think he should be a golfer though.
Oh baby! You're makin' my mouth water.
": let me borrow some of that money y'all always seem to have lol"ii yea we r swimin in $$
“: New cube at work has a much nicer view... it actually has a view unlike the cave I used to work in. >> Nice view! A VP view.
I need a hug
Sweet Dreams
Facebook just recommended Brian Zoubek as a possible friend of mine... given our mutual history, I can't say I agree. Nice try, Zuckerberg.
my badd dawg im mad ashyt i wasnt up for the wake n bake smh
#ShoutOut to the class of 2012.
Hey, babe! Finally seen your mention! LOL! Trying to check Twitter often now. X
Commissioner Michelle Spence-Jones, Attorney Roderick Vereen, along with Hip-Hop Artist Briscoe will be at #1000Strong4Trayvon !!!
I'm watching too Missa! :)
Is it me or does Craig Sager dress like a brutha?
super excited now!
Well, not to rub it in but Sporting KC remains undefeated Vancouver friend.
As an AD I received it in an email from West Virginia Secondary School Activities Commission I will research for you
Thomas Jefferson
"Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, making you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life <U+2665>"
Cheers to the weekend!
Mike is an ideal client. I plan on photographing him too. It will be interesting to see how different our shots come out :)
Join...Ted Thompson...Packer Nation wants you FIRED!!!!
hanging in Birmingham tonight from 6-8 at Harps for Bras Across Birmingham. Buy a paper bra for $1 for making strides against
Automatik...dancing mekanic. We are the ROBOTS.
RT : Writing, to me, is a kind of sanity. ANNE ENRIGHT
Last day of fall quarter classes! Good luck to all of our students studying for finals & don't forget to step outside for some vitamin D :-)
Tell your friends to follow Indy Reads and volunteer to help make Indy 100% literate! Come to a Volunteer Orientation soon. Call 275-4040
I don't get out the bed until I have a destination
Off to a good start! Need to keep it going =)
do you also blog? Incase you are interested we are opening a blog area for nature enthusiasts
don't c u
EVA's next meeting is this Sat. May 7th!!! The Pesky Passive in Writing w/ Ottilia Scherschel @ Azusa Public Library. Hope to see you there!
Need a trainer in LA? I'm your man!
BUT WHY WOULD YOU JUST BE LIKE "oh my hand slipped THROUGH MY EYEBALL while eating" IT DOES NOT DO THAT YOUR HND DOESN'T JUST SLIP
Shout out to for the show he put out here in the 210 this weekend
Land Rover shows off convertible concept Evoque and DC100
BioDeodorizer gets rid of odors by digesting their sources, utilizing friendly bacteria that eliminate organic wastes.
I am TORN what to TUNE to! Bentwave or Innamissions Radio BOTH are AWESOME!
you're so lucky. I have to take 4 this year.
and dipset are going to 4th & B in San Diego.
Thank you so much! I can't wait to get it...I am in fact about to leave for band practice at age 31 :) Great designI will wear it proudly!
im sorry if i cant understand your tweets guys! i only speak english, but i try my best to translate and understand! <U+2665> much love peabodies.
I'm totally feeling the same way about the smoke and the drought!
it's tru CO is fab all over!RT : Our tweeter has returned from a week in the fab towns of & !
Galaxies was great but i'm talking table-top RPG though. Ultra nerdy but some of the best times ever.
hahaha --- I pick out my outfit in my head, in the shower haha
Police officers in the information center tonight taking crime stoppers calls on #shoplifting. 303-698-0999 until 10:30.
See ?! Toldja --> “: thanks for the weather forecast shout out. :) here it comes!”
A friend i have in God and bless i am
Will the Monumental Marathon be your first Marathon? Will you be running your first Half Marathon? Tweet and let us know!
ha ha that would be awesome as long as you don't wear a uniform lol
thought you may find this interview with CEO aspirational. Please RT:
same, here. can't wait!
Aye aye captain!
Dessert time?
Quinoa Keenwah ~ Wht fabulous Foodie! Versatile:Noodle (think Mac n Cheez w Peas or Goulash), Cereal (w Soymilk & Raisins), Smoothie, Casser
Hey Terps, keep up that high you're getting from the good weather and go give blood! Nyumburu Cultural Center till 4. Plus, I'm there! :D
be sure to take a picture of it and tweet it :)
Wisconsin currently riding a 14-2 scoring streak, head into the timeout with great energy.
thanks Lane!
Viaje cigars are now in stock at our Washington, DC store
“: catchin some z's in the library?” you interrupted my REM cycle Baby G
Good Morning Taylor
Honestly, everyone's ink this week looks good.
that clearly hits Barmes' hand. Bad call.... wait... now Barmes stays... WTF is going on
Beta testing our new website, feel free to email us at if you're interested!
we're gonna get so wasted
Hey friends! Come hang out & support local musicians @ The Auxiliary Art Center open mic tonight (3012 W.Belmont #Chicago) 9pm-1am
: Posted you something special to commemorate your big 1K...CONGRATS...let's chat soon.
Yeah :D I hate the company but they have the best artists
#SomePeopleShould shut up
I have mixed feelings on this lol. On one side ew/weird on the other, I want to test this myself now..
This time next month I'll be sitting on the beach with ! #hurry #needavacation <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Hey Can You Follow Me??? Please :)
can i sing red cup with you guys june 13? didnt get to last time!! <3
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." - Henri Bergson French author, mystic, & philosopher
You see, after all that hard work and practice U made it to Carnegie Hall.I am so Frikikikiki proud of you! Love you <U+2665>
Reminiscing about spring break with <U+2764> can I get a reeeefilllllllll?! SOMEONE GET THIS BITCH A REFILL!
Dollahan 8-1 in the Running for the Roses. Need to get the Daily Racing Form but I do like those early odds.
I hope you do it, if you do, seek out support via blogs/social media-very helpful/educational.
MY FAV SONG OFF THE WE ARE THE STREETS ALBUM
Still amazing to me that "Gucci Giant" is one of Baltimore's biggest in-jokes.
Thanks for the follow. I always need a laugh and look forward to reading your work. Like the quote idea.
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess. Because just like in a game of chess, the queen protects the king
camping out tonight at Wal-mart and has my eye on the pize for you CD lol wish me luck :)
Moss and Davis deep = Crabtree 100 catches
Only two and a half months until Christmas! We could be a great gift to your favorite lawyer!
my pleasure :)
Attempting to find a way back to NJ sooner than the next avail flight ... which is Thursday.
RT : “: apparently they have the same seats here as at Dreamforce #uncomfortable #CloudforceNYC” <So true!
If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy. If you are disorganized, your business would be disorganized.
Yes, please!! Would love to connect. is one of my favorite models.
Chico passed last night :'(
Really Dickie V?
Sure there is RT : There's nowhere else I'd rather be :)
having to type with god awful shorthand text talk when you run out of room for your tweet.
post them!!!
so good
Quick Hangover Cure: Bacon and Ketchup Sandwich, sounds gross, but works like a charm
Why am I always so sleepy...
Well, that deodarant definitely doesn't work.
Saw cards at the store & wanted to send them to all my loved ones! #EllenRTme day 171
Dreading getting up in a couple hrs. I just wanna sleep in!!!!
good crowd
United gave me a middle seat on a 4 hour flight, southwest is so much better...missing la already!!!
awesome! both are solid- just depends on what style you're going to use it for most. though if it were up to me- vox all the way.
Awesome me too! We can be committee n00bs together! Congrats on graduating by the way! Now go read for fun.
I think false? I have no bottom wisdom teeth, and my front teeth have shifted.
FUN FACT: May is National Masturbation month... have fun!
This is gonna be such a great year! :)
?????????? was i talking bout her or somebody else cuz im pretty sure its not u
thanks so much!
Randy Mosher is making us drink tainted shlitz!
can't wait to hear! Chocolate makes pretty much everything better.
Just as long as Giants win haha
I #BELIEVE in he is my idol I love him so so much!!
speak softly and carry a big stick "theodore roosevelt"
oh btw how were those lovely pictures you saw in pe? (;
Cant wait til I gett a new phone!
Rondo just went from Hero to Goat
#ReasonsToSayAmen when you're satisfying your food cravings :D
breakfast klub wings and grits = culinary masterpiece. more please.
best friends who try to get with your exes.
RT : Mega Good is so sexy!!!// Mega? Lol
RT!: Thoroughly enjoyed today's #cincyAMA luncheon with
By George, I think you've got it.
We are looking for some fun, easy going,& energetic people to join our exclusive Roundup Crew promo team! Think u have what it takes?
Sir why do have on a north face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Yep only had one that started 5 minutes ago, but brain didn't cooperate after Avengers.
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime are the lyrics by
Come see Ahead of Their Time ! 37 teens whose work makes me embarrassed by that time I took 2nd place at 4H for a dot painting.
I was #4 at my polling place at 7:05. Was the first to use a passport as ID though.
um..... LOVE your blog
Go Bulls! RT Ready for DA BULLS game tonight!!
Thanks to you!
KNOCK ON WOOD
RT : #20ThingsAboutMe I love to sleep.
Excellent spot on MJ. Well done!
Cavs appear to have just rolled over and died...no life left in them...,
Yea that's pretty effed up lol. It would be better if they lied and said "Have u lost some weight?". Lol
cant wait for taco bell day Friday i'll be there for lunch with and
The way I love the main ppl I chill with everyday after skool! >>>>>>>>>>
I don't care what people say; I still think Adam Sandler is funny.
RIP Nick Collins
said this today, "they're pulling public content to build a back-linking website. what they'll get from this? who knows. it's russians"
A key part of bus models is to know what level of profit drives away your customers or creates a safe haven for greedy men.
thx for RT! and for ftw12 tweets! hope it's an awesome day!
i never took credit for it, just said camera was awesome.
Basketball gives me bad blisters
Calling all Realtors! Do you have any properties that need lots of work/rehabbing? If so, let's chat.
yes yes yes yes yes yes
Agree with all of that. THIS election is about money and influence. Sadly not, common values.
Tough life! Tweet us some nice photos.
Charge #iPhone so I can lay it down
In months to come, we're looking to spread the word about the #librarian pub crawl in May - what would you suggest to get msg out?
I believe the line is, "How you livin, Biggie Smalls?" Yes, that's correct. Stupendous!
What's everyone doing for your New Years Eve ritual???
Apple Earbuds: the best earphones $1 can buy!
Why did you do that? Ugh no ):
haha i know we will have to remember for sure
Too many good tweets to RT them all, just follow them
hell yeah you do
I love Ture religion on ny booty
"Bye little child thing go back to your Barbies and make-believe world..." I would have been like, "YOU'RE TOO YOUNG FOR ALL THIS~"
You know who I think is/will be comparable in the US? Beyonce.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute
very stupid!
Working with such a nice young man in the #Netherlands today developing a website.
< im already following her
listening to some Devo :D Whip it
Number 2 pencils were the best in the trilogy
Jerry Jones needs a GM. It sure is fun watching "America's Team" crumble.
Everything is not meant to workout, better things await.
"uh, chicken alfredo"
Not great - hoping for a better outcome tonight
Blake is back on!!
#MyBiggestFearIs Giving up on myself
Drakes eyebrows vs JColes eyebrows the long awaited battle who will win
Ha, maybe so! At least something for #FeBREWary #Brewers RT and a Braun jersey tomorrow?
Cena is really moving up on the promo/ether
thanks for following!<3
I like that attitude!
let me ride
Why is my TL dead? O.o
My whole life is yours. I give it all; surrender to Your name.
followed, plx follow Back :)
go get em Nate!!
"Do not be despondent on account of misfortune: there cannot be sesame oil without the crushing of sesame seeds." ~ The Panchatantra, India
Love me some #ForensicFiles but tired of the reruns. You can't tell me there aren't enough crime stories to produce new episodes.
That was awesome!
#DYK "By age 4 the avg child of a welfare fam has heard 13 million less #words than the avg child in a working class fam." -Betty Hart, 1995
thanks for following me. Feel free to check out my music Thanks!
trolling the internet watching collaborative art vids, researching music, and making playlists on last.fm, and it's all for #homework!
Great work! Wish you would have used a 3M Multitouch Monitor... how many touches can you accept?
I know how you feel, without chuck I might not have ever stayed on twitter!
Facebook and Twitter are still incommunicado. It's like an embargo.
It was a joke! Don't tell that, though.
If you get a chance check us out (we're being filmed live) this morning on KCRA at roughly 730am and 9:00am. #Excited !
Our Insane Offer with 1-800-FLOWERS.COM goes live in 50 minutes! First 100 to redeem the offer will get it!
Well Bishop Arts is fantastic, Deep Ellum is also a cool area, Knox Henderson hood is fun. Hope you have a car
Off with their heads!
So they can jot down notes to help them remember which prezos were which. And b/c the papers don't come out for a long time
why can't i stop thinking about this? ...
You may get there in a longer period of time, but it will be the set time and you'll be safe.
I'm closing tonight and I never got a text! :(
Earboob: When a woman leans down to hug a guy or seated male, and his head turns to the side in expectation of the embrace. Ear-to-boob.
ha! I saw that & had same thought. Kraft Table is on 1st & Boyle.
I always smell like 15-20 different types of perfume by the time I leave church. I'm a hugger
Hahaha!! Just because you love it doesn't mean we all do!
it's retarded.
Made through the border smoothly! Playing the dugout in Windsor tonight!
Theres a damn wasp in my room..
new favorite show THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!!!!!!! Watched it all night long
Taking a nice blue hue
Really wish wouldn't send me a 35% off email, then have issues with their website.
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view. ~Ralph...
Special treat to the 1st person to find the Easter egg :)
Getting the girls' nails done for prom
Thanks for following have a beautiful weekend!
thanks man!!
tea tree oil
SO sorry for your loss. Prayers and thoughts go out to you and your family.
Emma Stone is awesome. She looks amazing - love her eye make-up! And, I love the bow!!!
Hahaha My boy came through and killed both and
lol yeah go pats.
!! RT Dear - your new registration/paywall system means people can't tweet a lot of articles. Seems self-defeating
I'm obsessed with owls. Thanks for sharing. :)
i find it quite amazing how knows me so well.
Hi Tom! All is good...have been crazy busy. I'll be checking in more and stirring it up! :)
thanks for the love!
true, very true. I'll still take a 7-2 road trip all day.
Another week-end almost gone. Where does the time go?
I love !!!! please come to Louisville and do a show at the connection nightclub!!!!
saw them at the Mezz in SF 2-3 years ago...one of the funnest shows! everyone should go!
It seems like Christmas came a little too quick this year....
haha it would make sense. i wouldnt be suprised if she was just going "HI" though lmao
"Hire people who are better than you are - you're darn right!" T. Boone Pickens. Not new advice but good to hear every day...
#seafoam and Storm Surge created by
hm.... I wonder who that was toward :/ #shade?
With my mind on my money and my money floating around in the lining of my jacket.
dude you have no idea, and since most of the people here are pretty awesome you'll probably be one of my besties
I don't know what I'd do if I wouldn't have found him<3
:DRT : When asks me what she should wear :')
Franz Josef Glacier, New Zealand! A glacier amidst a temperate rain forest and a unique ecosystem not found anywhere else.
attend what? Lol.
Give #God a glorious #praise for everything He has done for you! With out Him we are nothing!
New DLC for #MW3 coming Jan for Elite users 1st one of the maps is called "park"
Brooks Custom e-newsletter is out. If you want to see the latest #countertop and #design trends, DM you email address!
My #victories happen daily..I call them #miracles -- Amy Dawn Pitre ()
Given your praise for McCrary, can we expect to see him in the 150 soon?
*Grabs Pop Corn ^_^*
Mister Taco should not want pizza.
RT : DJ's, If you have a child that's at least 10yrs old & they don't know who James Brown is, You have failed.
Nusbaum supporters you only have 8 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Powerful way to remind friends/family to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
Alternatives to capitalism? Shift to 'market socialism' marry profitable activities with human needs.
Morning in Cañon City meeting volunteers, putting up signs, and on the radio. Now on to Salida. Why so many miles?
People think their beliefs are grounded in logic, whereas they most often are based on emotions.
Damn most of my Time line is pissed at Lebron hahaha
Nice shoot today.
Advice for thos who just finished school like me. Sit back and relax. Read the NYT. Watch TV. Go out. Work out and drink more water !
you can tell me that in the next three days!
CRUIse ON THE HILL
Christmas songs yep
yeah i saw it on the other tweet. not sure what those various flavors are but i want them all.
we love u! X X X
haha! I didn't thread my eyebrows do there's enough hair for the crabs to chill on o____O
#np "Daykeeper" by The Foreign Exchange. Might be my new favorite Pandora Station.
can we all park our cars directly across the street from the neighbors house
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm short, I listen to some "Ghetto shit", I have mad trust issues, I'm cheesin' 24/7, I'm in a long distance relationship
I speak from the heart! No fabrication
Ha, glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
i agree:)
Lightning Bo/" ;(
Wait never mind! #Indians is not televised got excited
wishing the toes and you well tomorrow. :)
Seriously though, you're on that stalker shit now >.> stop doing everything I do
I can wear my mean and cranky hat (or at least my snarky lapel pin) if won't oblige
Happy Mothers Day to the mothers!
Get It Gone Estate Sales is buying a Box Truck for deliveries. I hope it holds up!
A St Supery 2006 Malbec as well as a sparkling wine to be determined
Bunch of simps everywhere I look smh
Nope! We did the eca
There are a lot of "Oh" moments when you're listening to
Let's take a minute to remember the Setif massacre which took place in 1945 & left an estimated 45,000 Algerian Muslims dead.
That's interesting! How long have you been writing this way?
I'm so glad that I serve a savior that is ALIVE!!!
Are they live tweeting panda coupling?
So excited for
It feels so good, to get rid of the extra clutter and do a little spring cleaning, even if it's in October
just if you like it or not retarded lol
#Clemens trial starting late today. Judge wrapping up hearing on another matter that's going over.
had a great night w you too!!!! <3
Dude keeps repeating "I'm a psycho" & asking for money for weed. We can't get the mic from it! It's MADNESS! It's Big Fish on the beach!
follow back
I totally forgot to post today's #trackoftheday. It will return tomorrow, I promise.
Cabbage Patch kids and Nascar? Find out the connection...plus all you need to know about the Memorial Day weekend - this morning on 10TV!!
Great workout then did some water arobics, my sister knows how to do it.
haha awe :) I love both you girls <3 can wait till the new season starts in June
who and when is gonna be the the commitment to join Harrow for class 2012?? Go Big Blue!!
what app did you download? <U+E056>
Extraordinary things, happen to extraordinary people. <3
Probs. Does this mean you're seaside at College?
I can't beat this funk I'm in today... I'm off my game and it sucks.
Follow our founder & CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
It's our pleasure Quincy!
: that's not a happy event to attend.
Or more.
um, what's this front row thing in the MS area?
Google Penguin Web Spam Algorithm | Ahyari Network
Ready for 3:30 because then my brothers girlfriend won't be here:D yay! And my girlfriend will be!!
I had a christmas! All of my presents were justin Bieber based!
Million Marijuana March L.A........who's going?
yeah that was awesome man...really cool guy
ATTN: Everyone be sure to tune in Today (11/22) to BET's 106 & Park for the premiering of 's music video Ride Wit Us!!
Hey Thanks For The ReTweet!
Congrats to all !
!YES COACH! Another TAKE? Thank you.
Bummer Dudes and Dudettes, I think the storms are going to keep us from opening today...
Braun last week at Petco and Josh tonight, more proof of global warming....
thanks for the follow I really like your site it looks like you do great work.
I could really use a quadruple espresso right now :-(
The secret to success is having a clear target, knowing what it is you're going for.
The Bostonian is such a raging example of why no one likes Boston fans.
Sprint pit crew challenge tonight at 8pm ET on !
Show at Casa Vicente in 45 min.....see you there!
true enough.
Oh come on, how could anybody not want you? Er, to help. TO HELP.
I question my sanity when I have a Country song stuck in my head.
Tracking guitars
Thanks Seb. I updated the post with the proper link. Congrats again an awld.js , it makes lots of this more real!
Benfield Blvd at I-97 - reports of bus driver having a medical emergency - USE CAUTION
nigguh do ya think I got duh money for dis shit I spend all ma dollas on your cheap ass it's about time you pay me.
I can't believe how much spam there is on Twitter! Ugh
Welcome! & I know right, he just kills me. He's perfect!<U+2665>
More about this Robber. A "Central Park Mugger." 2 prior felony strong-armed robberies in NY's Central Park. He was probated there.
I know I'm special
I emailed you, not one person has called me back, so PLEASE at least look at my email. Canceled flight with no refund?
I can't remember the last time a Friday morning crept along so slowly. Where is the weekend?
yeah it looks like you are in quite trouble!!! you better find out what your going to do!
ah when it rains it pours.. and when good things happen, they don't stop. Lots of excellent opportunities presented today! :-)
I wish I could just teleport to you.
I love how I just locked myself out of my hotel room fmllll
w00t! just bought our Beer Fest tickets for tomorrow night! :)
not even real film celebrities have someone de-lint them. blah.
Ben & Jerry's: the miracle cure to all!
Rise and shine! A beautiful Monday awaits us.
bought a pink snapback today. Gotta cure that
3rd party candidate could still steal enuf votes from Mitt & Obama to save the cart from the ditch. Outside the Box
#Heineken & presents 'Contagious Behavior' this Thursday w/ alongside at SET Nightclub |
It's very nice on the patio tonight! Love this weather.
Sunday Services at 9/11AM: “Tripping Over the Threshold” with Rev. Ray, music by The Unity Choir, Band, & Rachel...
i juss noticed tht the best thing tht would ever happen to me if i went to onr of ur concerts nd u would bring me on stage <33
When she got that smile that light up your day
I'm class of 2012's Most Dependable!
Yes, us too. But a plan for lunch is better than finding myself nibbling, def! Miss you too. Sis had her baby, life is full.
get I LIKE him alot alot , what u think omar
Just saw blistering set by Japanese pianist Chihiro Yamanaka! MLW Women in Jazz Festival
Rockefeller plaza packed for Bruno mars! Please don't rain mr foggy sky
did ppl really?
Hubby and I are working all day! Loving all the things that can get done when the office is quiet.
Basic but good...Dont use cliches either
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
PYTHON why do you care about whitespace?
Best feeling ever: leaving the resident meeting early to attend the graduate meeting!
Thanks, bro!
(Re)collections: Trauma, Collective Memory and the Archive panel at USC Doheny Library
baby it's #notjustyou just purchased it on iTunes
lol I'm a workaholic, always gotta make sure I put it hard work...night Gizmo
Seeking a Law #Librarian in #NYC! Contact me for details.
Everyone follow sweet...sweet girls!!
I passed on 3 people that responded. Heard back that 1 was selected. She had actual proj in the market. Wendy Soucie 608-225-1985
thanks for following back <3<U+263A>
S/O to my buddy ! Happy birthday!!! (Mr. Adult)
working on an imprinted umbrella quote. Are you ready for the next rainy day? Are your clients? Why not give one with your logo?
Discover delectable Baja Terra tapenades and other delicious delicacies at Early Evening April 27, 6-9.
Fear the Beer!
Don't miss our on our fabulous Europeon Style Sunday Brunch! Served tomorrow morning at our Little Italy location.
is Kalamazoo bound...
howw ! just cause i dont wanna bring an umbrella... tf i look like !?
Packers WR joins me this morning @ 10:30 to talk about the Tailgate Tour that benefits Ronald McDonald House. 106.7FM WTDY
"You're also getting nowhere near my mom." One of my favorite moments of levity in Lifespan of a Fact.
why did u unfollow me?
when you coming back to ohio?
Timing is everything...
I am natural!!! RT ": just go natural. Nappy and all"
How would cities look if urban planners, not politicians, took control?
I really wish would just let his game do the talking.
And extra proud this year of my hubby's pro bono work on their behalf.
Big Day in Sedona yesteraday How did i know they would love my Ped Pal foot scrubbys? Passion dear followers passion that's the gift i share
It's Tuesday and is on in less than 10 minutes. Tune In!
Great men do great things. The rest of us are just average.
Thank you for the head's up. Alerting our programming dept...
i understand... :)... but dont worry about em
Do you live in the Midtown area of #Milwaukee or have friends that do? Please get in touch with me! Positives things are in the works!
Have a great day or evening, where ever in the world you may be. Early morning meetings, wish us luck. Have a good one everybody!
Ahaha you're the third person to say this to me
#overtherhine saved my day today.A friend and I gladly mused that, "We're all working a graveyard shift [so] you might as well sing along."
SO PUMPED!!!
Remember to hold on to who you are and what you stand by and never let that go,it will always be in the end..
I feel as if maybe didn't write that tweet.
Ok before I take a break I'm going on a rant because I'm freaking pissed off at directioners right now
Good god...
Only in a system irreparably broken by partisanship and $$ could a candidate with +$100K in criminal defense fees have a good chance to win.
Damn I'm sleepy!
challenge not won!!! I hadda remind you.
When your printer isnt working and you have to print a whole bunch of crap for school!
God doesn't have a Facebook, and he's my friend. He doesn't have Twitter either, but I follow him.<3
New products www.leodys.com
Reached 900 followers, next goal: 1,000! Big thanks to anyone helping the Yankees101 website grow, I truly appreciate it
Going to bed early tonight ^.^
Jesus freaks with expectations is a terrible combo.
I love turtles because they are just so chill. They're like, yeah man I feel like swimming today, maybe eat some lettuce.
Consider it done.
I need my money pronto
you? youre just a bandwagon fan. everybody else loves the heat so you do too. dont even try to say you were always a heat fan
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit."- H.S. Truman
started a conversation with guy I see every day but never talk to. Likely not available, but it is the first convo with a male in months!
I lost my chance. Im a loser. But dont cry, babe. This isnt something that will never happen again so it doest deserve your tear.
Remind your partner that the crises of the moment is probably just a speed bump.
I need help figuring my end of the bet out. If I loose gotta dress like Billy Blanks. Need something for
Since Phils pissin me off on draft day the focus shifts to Sixers/ Bulls....maybe they'll pull a shocker
! Good Morning Cutie ! = )
Just my opinion, but I don't think any powertrain or minor styling updates could ever, ever make the Nissan Juke attractive.
Got hella numbers in my Dm...but not hitting up anyone cuz I only want u :-)
Come on son!
Too cold for summer sandals today --- or did you brave the cold???
Hi David, I'm looking forward to talking with very soon. Thanks for the intro
hey just saw ur message...they are sold out have other styles for 12 or 15
My brother just got smack With a gallon of water.
- file this under things we already knew
We have $2 #Budweiser & #LabattBlue tall boys during the #Packers game today!
Good choice! Did you add it to our Facebook poll? (Not sure if you're on there or not.)
Welcome to the USA. If you're ever in San Francisco let me know, we should hang out.
"We don't actually say 'top o the mornin' in Ireland: we never have." -S. O'Flynn
I'm stressed the fuck out
Ugly!!! Looks like you need to do a few rounds of P90X! Pretty SOFT Guns.
Who is that in your background?
#Iwassohighthat I walked into class, late, sat down, and tried to put my seat belt on.
Gnite I look forward to talking again
Being a #UK-born programmer & #JPMorgan i-banker w/French lit degree didn't fully humanize #Asma #Assad, and she married a butcher.
Rye chips...yea or nay?
Don't forget! LiveText Training TODAY in LIB 144, 2:00-4:00 with Angie Poole. (Repeat session on Thursday, same time.)
Thanks for the recommendation!
R.I.P Whitney we will miss u. You left us with so many beautiful songs. Feel free to post your fav song on the wall fam..
Tomorrow's gonna suck.
I wish Yankee candles weren't the same price as a car payment.
we know it wasn't the Celtics making those explosions! Lol
Good Morning, Ms. Deb. Thank you. If my morning is any indication of how my day will continue, then it will be a good day.
Did you see anybody in the audience NOT vote for you!? Cause I'll totally snap my fingers at them.
that type of mind set makes me want to vomit!!!
Ginny - you sound a mess! We can reschedule. It's supposed to be fun, not a struggle.
84 degrees today I REFUSE To Stay In Da Huse !
u would love to see me like dat
Dont love out of emotions or physical feelings.Love out of passion, theres no such thing as being "Tied down" in Love, it's call commitment.
Next learning feed :00pm EST. Let us know if this was helpful and relevant to your
naw im more like a chalupa supreme
Waiting for professor Soergel to speak about the UB MLS program in Webster, NY!
Night drinking that runs for long enough to become day drinking...
Vegan mint chocolate chip milkshake may have convinced me that I'd be perfectly happy in New York
Gotta try #jergels new spot in the North Hills soon.
That is one horrible photo. Is nothing sacred?
You've got that smile that only Heaven can make <3
Its crazy how much im like my mom. she's got all good qualities thought, so I guess I can't complain :)
I hate safety stories on TV cause they're often preachy. After a series of deadly ATV accidents, I hope we struck the right balance at 10.
On our way to the Madison in 15, Cool Video!
Today...I conquered technology.
Now that's an invitation to trouble.
WhoisTrevor.com A #blog you won't believe!
yes!!! Our all firm meeting is this weekend but my mom and grandma drove over to hang w me on free time. So happy :)
what kind of beats you looking for
All this rain is from what's left of TS Lee. It's going to be like this until late Thursday. Better swim! HP
Thanks! :-P I'm excited to see you and the fam!
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. -- Lena Horne
thanks for spreading the news!
Happy Belated Birthday!! Hope you are well. Make sure to check out too! ;-)!
getting ready to go on air #atlanta shows all weekend get your tix
YOOO!!! Been working my no-ass-at-all ass off. Trust me. That's not good when you're a skinny ass white dude.
Of course the friendship is important,thanks for the support!
Yeah, they really make our hearts sing sometimes.
Live tweeting at #azla2010 this morning. Anthony Molero discusses the digital divide in keynote.
I got an 83 on the final in Sandorf's class!
I'll beat you to it. RT I want to punch Reggie Miller in the teeth yo
Chuck is not allowed pizza, as it is 10 Weight Watchers Points per slice.
it may just be in airports. will find out soon!
Don't forget about
SwingFest 2010 is proud to offer seminars that are sure to enhance your lifestyle experience. There is no extra charge to attend!
RT “: or as bush would say, "the soft bigotry of low expectations"”
First tweet from my new Mac Book PRO!!!!!
Every Saint Has A Past, Every Sinner Has Future.
Good morning!!! God is my only true friend..:)
Our office is on 6th...it's definitely getting worse in downtown. :( Can't imagine how bad it is in Bastrop.
Follow She's Cute, a Hater, and loves to slap bacon.
yes but it works both ways men don,t know what they want either
it could only be better if you were here! Miss you:)
this world is ruthless watch the ones closes to u
“: Even at the highest levels, agents get their clients work based on the relationships their clients have.”
awww that's sweet :) bt you can go to sleep we can speak tomorrow ;;) How was your week?
Love it can have the rest pleasssseeeee? at least one more
ewwww. worse than my finding ladybugs at the *bottom* of a restaurant salad awhile back.
Will you be adding more channels? Especially interested in bookmarking.
Best place for a dirty martini in #boston? Momma Rose is coming to town, & besides seeing her daughter, booze is the only thing she's after
ew, black doves are just ugly pigeons. that's.not.cute
It was a great event. Did you know #song1 was extended to May 20? There's still time to visit! RT Cool photo. RT
Gods love endures 4ever..sing praise!!.. 4ever God is faithful, 4ever God is strong, 4ever God is with us ..4ever..and ever
I also met an author of one of my fave books- and he was totally rude and kind of a dick- mixed feelings about buying more of his stuff;(
oh my god u sexy O_O
Weren't you just complaining about people complaining about the temperature in the office?
Concepting, scheduling and booking talent for 6 Still/Motion shoots I am Directing and Shooting later this month :)
He was probably laughing his ass off every time the priest said "He is risen."
getting ready to go live with at the Rose Garden in moments! caffeine kicking in!
thank you Bet! I'm so happy! :D x
Just tapped, Cascadian Dark Ale (replaces Fallout Green Cardamom Pale Ale: #3 12 Beers of the Apocalypse)
Listening to the albums was one of the best decisions I ever made, which is rare.
thinks Darwin is right -- and that we're right in the middle of a huge (socio-logical) shakedown from which only the strongest will emerge
It really bothers me when people say "softwares".
maci was trying to be Cupid today and says, "make Tyler your bf again. He's my fave." lol. Crazy girl.
Str8 Like At..
Haha #Thatawkwardmoment in #walgreens with "get the xl I thought he was big" good times :) #oldman #condoms #vibrators lol
officers taking away close to a dozen large grow lights as well as big screen tv. Why tv? Dunno.
we're like fine wine Joe, guys with bank are priceless as they age!! Lol
Sorry I'm missing- playing greenhouse worker today!
Chicago is cold (y) but having dinner with the fam!
Justin Bieber is the sexiest person in the world < 3 .
My daughter just got the new GalaxyS out on T-Mobile. Wow that phone is just like an iphone! It even has an app to chirp like Nextel!
RT : 24k was insane last night
its about Justin. I sent it through dm. Did you get it?
"My dad's the mayor and i'm on the principal's list"
I did email you last month... Thought you blew me off. Blech! Anytime. Anywhere. Miss you.
haha I think its obviousOoffensive..demonize african amer. women we step up and do the right thing a lot?
CNN says 2nd student dead in Ohio school shooting,Austin icon Leslie in hospital +Playing some tunes this AM on the show by
happy bday fellow chi town girlie
"One area left to be developed when it comes to #Solar energy is storage. Batteries are getting better all the time, though."
puts lipstick on to make me feel better.
When I finish an ebook, it should automatically notify Goodreads/Shelfari/LibraryThing/etc & tell it I'm done and ask me to rate it.
So sleepy this morning...
I love firemen, too, guurrrllll! ;-)
payton! you said you would follow me a long time ago, but you never did :////
haha yesh u can ;D then u say I love u too :P
Jamming to Pussycat Dolls "Wait a Minute"
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS!.. ARE YOU READY
#TebowGotTradedFor a Javale McGee jersey and a family four-pack to the next Knicks-Wizards game
hey watch it
Would you please get off my penis , Thanks ;)
H.A.M on everything
or at least what are we going to do without #OddNeighbor tweets?
RT : Thank you NV! Our message of crushing the poor & middle class continues to resonate through the west WTF
Thanks Say hi to the fam ;)
I have a reason to live: to love Jesus and to be angry!
Pretty stoked to be heading up to Grand Rapids, MI in early February to see !
Cool! :) it's rainy & yucky in NY 2day, so enjoy it there! I can't wait :)
people are tweeting happybirthdaynicholette
my self conscious has taken a beating & my body a literal one.
I totally signed up the minute you guys opened registrations cause I heard spots get filled up quick
Nearly three-quarters of senior citizens who have a reverse mortgage said they were satisfied with the product
opo! What time
If you're NEW to Chicago's #WestLoop please contact me. We'd really like to have you participate in this years Fulton Walk.
rte 7: chain stores but no people visible
I'm at the Ft Lauderdale airport. Getting ready to hop on my flight & fly home
TELL MOMMA YO HURRY AND COME HOME!!!! haha
ry Club. That place is so wack! Date #2, NOT happening. Next.
Just another reason to have and not direct tv. #storm=noSignalDuringGames.
glad I could help you out!!!!! Hope you be joyed the fight.
Haha I never noticed it til now he really cant bro
364 days until the end of the world
Before I woke up, I had a dream I was watching fireworks. Turns out it was the thunder. Cool.
ADMIT ONE Film Series - Free screenings at the Jazz Gallery, 926 E. Center St in the Riverwest -1st one is this Saturday, January 15th, 3pm
thanks for the follow! I see you have a large following yourself!! ;)
Can I get an amen? #FF #FollowFriday RT : Can we stop voting on basic human rights!?!?
I wish this work week was just a couple days longer! #not #Imjustmessingwithyou sasquatch
"always move forward never sleep like a shark bro" is how you battle this senioritis haha
RT : A7 Our media-player allows you to know who the artist & song is AND fans can promote by sharing via social media !!
That was fun! It was the highlight of my dayy(: we should do that more often!
It was Enterprise car pickup. Haven't been there, but was in baggage claim where I made my last phone call with hearing aids.
"I am who I am. I’m weird,I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random &stupid stuff. But, I like it that way<3"
<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>Starships<U+2728> were meant to fly <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090> HANDS UP and touch the sky <U+2601><U+2600>
sure, come on by and grab a seat by the window on the 2nd floor
Ramen noodles are so filling.
Ann Hood quoting Grace Paley: Ev story is 2 stories - the external one & the internal one. Climax is when they collide.
#instagram just might become addicting... might
#doublefucked When your Prius runs out of gas AND battery power.
hi matt <3
Share a rehearsal space with us. Big room with toilet and shower, PA, lights in the heart of the city $375 per month. Spread the word.
'pretty' does make the time go faster.......
": Bliss.. Happiness/ Union God ...You cannot escape what is inside you. U can cover it, but .. it is your natural state #yoga"
Today I saw some video diaries <3 LOL
aww thank you
Follow ... it is a great charity 5k run/walk in Denver!!!
No it's Angie who writes next and nope I'm with Forrest again haha :D btw loved the chapter
Huntsman: Cites bailouts as big chunk of nation's GDP, refutes idea of "too big to fail"
RT : A2 I think that #running is great for managing my stress. It keeps me focused & gives me time to clear my mind!
don't hate lol
no one cares LOL
"Lunch Rush" app for iOS was used as an example
Thanks so much!
Carmel Hospitals rolling out the RED CARPET to offer more heathcare options But Only if you show them the BIG BUCKS first
Longest final ever.. 3 hrs and 15 min... 14 questions and the final is worth 255 points.. Def failed it.
Why didnt Taylor tell us? She waited for a magazine to tell us :'(
oh Cass you are too kind! ;) And you better score!!
You know tickets are too expensive if they have 3 digits before the decimal point
that's really cool!
Thanks for a nice lunch in the park!
I see you in ya feelings tonight huh?
second bank from left, in the aisle. But I'll text you when the keynotes are over.
Just finished speaking at University HS!
we may be back at the end of the month. If so, I'll let you know. Looking forward to meeting you, gangsta.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.-- Louisa May Alcott
i think i got a problem......i like to fuck lol
so glad to be home
Lelelele lala i'm going insane. Lock me in a room for like 6 hours straight an this is what happends to me..LOL humahahahaa lalala lelela
I dream of dance and then dance my dream..... life is good!
Dear Mancini judges, i cant wait til the day you're paying way too much money to see me on Broadway. Sincerely, 'not mancini worthy' my ass.
Thx. I'm excited! RT Great news! RT : Excited to be teaching at PokerStrategy.com, world's largest poker school.
Iontgivafuck word of the day
Give us some feedback on &quot;Caught In Tha Fire&quot;. That song is seriously well put together
oh wow it is still around. I follow back immediately.
Just registered for in Atlanta. and will be representing Neybor at the conference.
Mark thank you for sharing Avengers/Sendak tribute. Downloaded and installed as my desktop image.
I'm feeling mighty productive. Who's with me?
Ready to get
Give it a try and sign up for the competition, you never know !!!!!
Eat 1 cup lima beans per day to helps reduce cancer
Time travel is so 1980s.
Responded to FIRE @ 1 Bogardus Place, New York, NY 10040. Red Cross auto update.
Where my Twiggah at ?
I'm not leaving unless the temp is below 76
RIGHT BACK ATCHA. I didn't know Bro had a Twitter.
2mins left please pick me
Congrats to Robert Douzat on his wedding
I think u should follow me <3
Let me know how it turns out! I would suggest using a griddle or flat top over grilling. That's how they do them in NYC.
Unfreakinbelievable! Is Latner in the building? Channeling Latner should be a T!
Just trying to enjoy my day with you and all I get is attitude; was cheerful But fuck it
tall skinny guys
Sounds perfect!
I called three cabs to come get me first here wins!!! Party rockin!
Happy B-Day, Love ya:)
AFTER TONIGHT, RAYS MAY BE SENT TO MINOR LEAGUES...ENTIRE TEAM...U THINK IM KIDDING?!
It's like a painting! The warmer climate seems to lend itself to some amazingly lit photos. Love walking at night to get pics!
Just saw 20 speeding police cars
Watching Aimachi rehearse!!
sounds good :-)
i want to thank for the daily vocabulary lesson.. even though he makes absolutely no sense 90% of the time.
I prefer buck necked, and on top of the sheets
and Can't wait to hear about the 5 day wedding! Tonight ?
Do it all the time, Do it all night.
me too RT I like camel toes.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
. do you rent him out? Not on your birthday of course, but maybe another day? Please
Hallmark introduced its first Christmas cards in 1915, five years after the founding of the company.
I'm following you! (:
Patients and families need to be at the center of Carr decisions
amazing ---> howfuckedistheT.com
what dah fooh my arm has like a really long scratch....what is this from o_o
You look amazing in that dress! The way the camera captured how you flowed in it makes us happy! How was prom?
it must have helped that she had a man in the car.
Verdict Not Guilty!
I'll feed you girl, I'll supply the food.
Hahahahaha that was the funniest woman.
I wanna see u step it up and take on the challenge
#GreatnessIs whatever you want it to be.
That was weird :L But I liked it
Thanks! I'm feeling like I should say something hilarious now. Hippo! Weasel! Twinkie!
That awkward moment when it's quiet and your eating something crunchy
is that an old door? That's awesome.
I love it!
Hm...we're coffee people and not so much tea people, but we'll look into it!
What #drinkspecials do #venues typically offer? Would you buy/sell a #coupon in advance to offer/get a good deal? www.Shastic.com can help u
It's a great skill, for sure. And encouraged me to create highly descriptve alt tags! I like doing that on the blog.
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday
looking forward to keeping in touch hot stuff
my mom got them online does it depend what site she bought them from?
Two faced bitches <<
what did she say and what was your girl name?
Good luck with you fight man. Keep the faith and beat that f cancer! - Go Gmen!
Thats what they always say Quake lol!! J/K RT : I'm trying to follow you but it won't let me! Follow me :)
It's nice to know someone has experienced it, too. :D
wow I wish some bars around here had affordable pints like that (cough)
I have the issue.
We are thrilled to announce that Montgomery is teaming up with Salon Voices in a three part series to teach you how to “Move Your Hair...
FRIDAY NIGHT FIESTA CHECK-INS! Work week is over, and tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! What are you up to tonight?! Let everyone know here....
RT - Snobs, condom users, birth control pill poppers defeat Santorum in Michigan. - #terrifying how close thus far.
....or something.
I can't wait to get out of this house. No more cats, no more yelling, no more fighting, no more broken doors, and no more fucking step dad.
well, i have to go to disney world now, so i'll see you guys later.
what time are tryouts?
Hey Milwaukee, now that you aren't distracted by nice weather outside what projects are you tackling today at the office?
What's your favorite portrait lens?
Indy Boot Camps Charity Boot Camp Class Every Sat at 9am with Half the Proceeds going to a Local Charity! $5 bucks for kids & adults!
Whatever .. I'm done trying
Really diggin this New Build album that is playing right now. The dudes from LCD Soundsystem and Hot Chip make a good combo
Idk if you wanna talk to me or you don't bc you text me first & you act like you don't wanna text by only texting one word
Your response should have been as follows "No, you need to find another seat." :P
I feel like imma get a stern talking to tomorrow. Lol
In OSX, Shift + Command (+ sometimes Option) + V = paste clipboard contents using app's current default formatting styles. Mind blown.
that is what I though. Respect the fucking cock.
"It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it." ~Julia Child
My guys at Butler said they love Tahj
Anyone want to go see 12th Planet tonight at the Galaxy? We have an extra ticket!
1/7/2011 What's Next DC Conference Provides Organizations With Strategies Examiner
Actually the legal age to buy cigarettes & alcohol in Japan is 20.
The GAGA BALL at is tonite! It's gonna be a MONSTER! 311 N. Sangamon St. Deets? Facebook.com/wildthursdays
When you see a falling star to night, make a wish, it will come true because I wished and I found you.
follow me back please? :)
If you haven't already, come check out this weeks Revolver Underground show! It might make you feel sexy! EROCK
I'm guessing vegeterian menudo also helps hangovers, AMAZING.
i challenge someone to come play soccer against me. been playin for 10 years (;
I want to tell someone to drink bleach and see how the react ^_^
Okay, so Barack is the smartest person in the Universe, but he SUCKS at Fantasy Football!!! He just drafted Kyle Orton with the 1st pick LOL
don't cut dan hardy it was the best in 2011 and try to get chris LYTLE back don't cut hardy give him one more chance
that sounds hot ;) can I join?
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
ok. you talked me into sleeping in. that was easy
That sounds life changing.....
“ #Capricorn's are more comfortable being behind the scenes, why be out in front when we can control all the action?” Yes
I get in trouble for it too.
Listening to the weeknd on the way home
Gretta :( Well as soon as I am done being at the mercy of my realtor I will head out your way for dinner or something :)
What the hell i have to do to make my dad understand i hate Jalapeños on sandwiches?
follow her! Its her birthday!!!
#workconnectsusall with this chronologic tyranny "business hours". #20hourworkweek is what we need, not #sxsw online vulture capitalism.
Everything went better than expected! no damage
Anyone else getting 'site off-line' now?
We spend a wonderful weekend with Maggie Gyllenhaal in studio C narrating a documentary for Discovery. Cant tell ya what it is yet though...
Why do some ppl want to suspect u of doin something wrong when they are the real suspect
that WPPI/Twit sponsored photographers session was too good. Is it available somewhere, please. It was great.
Most probably don't care, but I'm sure many can tell you all about the latest Kardashian episode though.
Good weed no stress
COME ON.
napkin's pretty high on my list.
- Whodini one of the most underrated hip hop groups ever IMO. Awesome live.
intercept yo bitch like bailey
You still on that Mitt Romney bandwagon?
I wanna see my man PAC !
Almost all of our tamales are gluten free. Take advantage of our menu with our chile verde, tinga de pollo&vegetarian tamales.
So, NEVER PITCH TO HAMILTON AGAIN.
You a super hoe, but your cape on
You are my God I cum on Sundays to worship you, booty and titties so perfect, you so perfect you...YEEEEAAAHHHHH
write me at
I GOT MY ACCOUNT BACK!!!
WVU is dope
#askbillg has been working on this for 18mths in #chattanooga TN & need your help to push it thru ED ”
Grabbing a #Starbucks and then heading to #CentralPark for a stroll before #Meisner class. Enjoying the simple things in life. :)
did i get the time of day wrong again musa, if so im sorry
Will look into Mud Box hours for you.
...and the truth is, you're why I don't believe in love anymore.
thank u!
#NM #facts - Doc Holliday operated a dental office & a saloon/gambling hall in Las Vegas before moving on to Tombstone.
Need information about the club just ask me here! Need to make a reservation? Please call the club at 410.483.3356
OH MY GOD. hahahhahaha, i just got so confused.
you gotta get on that! a nice, old transistor radio (with wrist strap?) would cement your status as a local eccentric! B)
ctfu. you been going in on these mfs.
I should get a knect from target and buy Zumba rush
thanks for sharing the screen printer, James Franco.
You probably couldnt identify talent if it slap the ______ out of you |
Gr8 to meet u on Broad St last month. I liked the clip on YT. Let's talk about a portrait of u & project for the Newark Mosaic. peac
Cody looked sexy in that video and at first I was thinking omg Cody that shirt has got to go. But now I see it looks good on him
no. I grew up watching Yankees games with my grandpa who was born in NY.
Okay goodnight! Ah 13 almost 12 days till my Birthday!!!
Leslie is the messiah with mascara
good luck kid..
im michael scott up in the kitchen, look at me im whippin now
Tired ! Need lotto tickets ! Be back !
thanks for the RT!
Awesome! What are you most looking forward to seeing?
Me *Raises hand*RT ": Any of my followers HALF black?"
When a girl says ‘I’m done’, it usually means ‘fight for me :) x
Thanks to for their help with some lost luggage! Very helpful. Great customer service!
When you like someone so much , that it's scary to talk to them... I wish i had the confidence ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
1) Polls are open for just 4 more hours. Have you voted?
thanks! We know in a few weeks! Hope all is well with u buddy!
VIP passes to the Nashville Amp Expo, check...
#IWantBTRAutograph your probably getting tweeted alot & your not seeing my tweets!! but really hope you pick me :)
Co-producer and designer Daniel McLean Wagner and extraordinary Martha Knight introduced by Linda.
come to wisconsin
You rocked my world moderating the American Horror Story panel last night! I feel so lucky to witness all that magic in person!
prep yourself.... It's happening
@ HollinsAlum scary/exciting/ miss Hollins so much!
you're making me thirsty.
what a win dude I still haven't gotten over it. I feel like I enjoy wins/hate losses more than the players lol
What the what? Does that cat have arms growing out of its head?
Live Twitter Feed from Refused Show. Pomona is the Portland that Portland hid in the basement.
happy Birthday tomorrow!
I'm too excited to sleep! came home and re-watched game. #dcu looked just as dirty on DVR as in person!
Tylenol codin.....o.m.g im going to be out like a lite ..
awww thanks you're such a doll! I owe you a beer :-)
Thanks to my latest followers!
We have been releasing in LCG format since day 1.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words. - William Shakespeare
you best believe it! for some 2012 is the end of the world. for us, we're just gettin warmed up!
was just at the show amazing
yo more time set back and av to a pree...why mi?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. You must stop with these hilarious tweets.
Nope, it's been working fine here.
best book ever!!other than the Bible of course :)
People tweet a lot that mean you got to much.free time on yo hands
Could you take Howard in your prime? Hm..
Those are the places that I've heard fans will be tomorrow night. Johnny's will be packed because of Big 12 Tourney. Mem club ur best bet
Thanks for the follow coach! Have a great spring season.
Still the Pennsyltucky I remember from my youth then?
Thanks for the recent mentions and RTs: - much obliged!
I Miss him but why he doesnt even feel the same.<|3
NO! Although it doesn't look like he tripped. What to do u think??
...waiting on tax returns, the longer I wait the more creative ways I think to spend it!
what u think of Nick?
In 1969, 42% of children walked to school. Today over 80% are driven to school.
Show tonight @ sauced! bring all your friends and yo mama! Starts at 9.
well, we know it won't be
This is Robert! :) He's one of Austin's close friends!
It's too bad that Wes Stadi won't get anymore recognition now that Geronimo has a new association...
Alright Youngstown... are you ready? Broccoli Samurai will be bringin the heat tonight... see you at the Lemon Grove!
Should've RT : I was running and saw and so I shouted some encouragement. No heckling or anything.
Work out 4 aau.n make my self better I got one more year n front of me n I have to work harder then I did this year
He's so annoying.
lol...i am having fish sticks and rice with a side of broccoli...was just sayin
prepping for Africa. camp gear and giant sack of antibiotics ready to go! Mfuwe, Zambia here we come!! T-7 days and counting!!
I just wanna share the love
counting down the days until the Philly show <3
Too late, I bought him a discounted Children's Bible ;) It's missing the stuff on kindness but he'll learn that in the church ;)
for some reason i feel you're the only person in the world who if i could prove my worth too as an artist it would be a reality
We didn't broadcast today to support the fight against SOPA, so nobody heard us. Not much different than other days.
Jon Gruden next UM coach...could it be?
Fair warning: probably going to be obnoxiously live tweeting
#listenbitch stop staring at me like I stole your man. I don't even know you...or him. So what's the problem?
Great lunch. Now time for a nap in the #BICSI credential holders lounge.
Heck yeah. MT : There are going to be some excellent DH panels at #AHA2013. Filled with tweeps.
Its freezing! :(
quit tweeting during orientation :)
Pssst...40% off at my store all day today. You should visit the and say hi. Oh, and buy your friends and family gifts.
Take back my heart, I don't mind.
I just started using it a couple of months ago. I forget to Tweet!
Happy Thanksgiving all...Open at 6pm for some football.
Reunited and it feels so good
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
U need more than magic n a hat to pull out a victory over Milwaukee . #BEATLA # SWEEP # BREWCREW
you're welcome! Glad we could help!
No better way to start the day than a hill run with and Team MCVET. Thanks guys. Remember to stretch!
“: Expose foes wit my hocus pocus flows, they froze now suckas idolize my chosen blows”
we gave it that 420 look, lol glad u noticed
Excitement is what fuels what we do!!
Motivation and big thinking is contagious! Thanks for sparking the fire!
there you are! I've been looking for you!
hey thanks for the follow...I am serious about my career has a writer and I am interested in AnR....management...and Pr.work
i feel like pop, i have a headache, and ive been sneezing ....----_____-----
Yayy!!! I'm so exciting to see it!!!
The way the Saints' D played lately they should ask for a refund. I wonder who snitched?
so happy i waited to watch the new season of #Sherlock !! if u haven't watched the series before START.
Happy mothers day to me (:
I'm having too much fun :D :/... lol
": nah nah I feel you lol"so wyd on dis amazing friday nite?
How dare u :)
Couldnt have said it better myself RT : is so fucking sick.
dog and caffeine being the backbone of the setup :)
Just switched out a plastic container for a cute multicolored basket that holds my clutches just as well!
. welcome email for #ncaa: "We're excited that you've chosen to bypass the traditional paper and calculator brackets" rly?
You could hope that maybe there will be a streaker before the end....
Watching Gary Vaynerchuck's Crush it!--The Other 8 hours-marketing tools. Very interesting on social networkinyes while working online
Wow, really good sale at Barnes & Noble
where are you moving?!
Working on a rendition of Coldplay's Yellow for an upcoming ceremony... We've got lots of creative music ideas... Just ask!!
well just watch how you say things that's all
There is a stack of lumber in my front yard waiting to become a porch. So after breakfast and Gershwin there i go!
Ha a few glitter mishaps lol but our poster is pretty snazzy(:
hey track Thursday? Only day I can go haha bc of trip
Tonight feels just like summer.
Hey kids, take it easy on Loxington. Don't burn to much
Bitch your just like monday, Nobody likes you!
fracture and disruption -- I like these challenges ... this could be fun
Rawlings: selective liberal arts colleges produce more students who go on to STEM PhDs
and today at sunfest! Soo excited!!
I love you please follow me, and come to Paris with Greyson !
Wish I could be there.
Are you fucking kidding me? He had 2 sacks in conference USA!
Now you're just making me sad.
If only I could be a better Britt Reid than Seth Rogen (disclaimer: I actually like the fellow, but that movie...FEH!)
Done and done!
Happy Holidays, Liz! I hope you are doing well. :)
hoping i'll get like 25-30 $$$ tonight so i'll have almost $100 saved up. I'm getting there LOL.
lots of people (who aren't geeks) self-apply the term. "Geek" is in. Not to be hipster about it, but it annoys me a little.
The cheese I've been eating most this week: Cave Aged Mellange. A goat, sheep & cow's milk creation, crafted in WI. M!
Horrible day :( but a bit fun at times :)
Happy Birthday I hope you have a GRAND day
@ the Half Note in Bowie,MD watching Corey Baker, Kevin Walker, Alvin White put the Phunk down HARD!
RT : it's a beautiful monday morning!
Opening for tonight in Sanford Florida at The Barn. Looking forward to it. I have 2 free tickets if your in the area.
Exuberant Pink by sherwin williams is my all time FAVORITE! Yep and it's in the new PIXEL-Micro Multi!
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” -Gandhi
YAY!!! <3 RT Best news of the day: my pop's PET scan was clear, he's cancer free!!!!
1/4 cup of sadness, 4 cups of anger, x a teaspoon of depression... Wen yu done mixing that yu will get my feelings
Thank you we will be listening... Please RT
Europe update: We've been to Copenhagen, Salzburg and now are in Ahus, Sweden. Very rainy in the home of Absolut Vodka.
Whoever invented NFL Red Zone channel should get an award. All the scores real-time in HD as they happen with no commercials. So nice.
Penicillin... lol... Works every time
I really don't think Walker cares about jobs. He got his supports more $. That was his goal. Now he is set.
About to get homee <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i love canny peepz
Happy Fat Tuesday! We hear has paczkis!
My father-in-law co-wrote that! Highly autobiographical; family stories galore. And my hubby was kinda the template for Kevin.
AP test in less than 15 minutes. Well, crap.
Happy Monday Beautiful People! Kentucky gonna win tonight and #MuppetManDavis MVP - XavierLT. com
« Wow. Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.»
Just notice we 16,000 rollover minutes w/AT&T - WTF, I am suppose to do 16k rollover minutes? Switch to a lower plan =get overage fees
Being Sick. <<
Commuter Buck Hunt happening on campus today! Find Commuter Bucks and spend them in the commuter auction. :)
YOOO TONIGHT WE'LL BE @ THE COW WITH ERIC LOCO...come through and gig! Play It Through hittin the stage at 11:15
Remember Wednesday we party at Club 212!!!
Wait, are you working on a time machine too? #Glee = guilty pleasure. So glad it's back!
Good Morning , America ! Hurricane Irene . . . . going to get ready !
your amazing!(:
Boarding/exiting the Metro at Anacostia RT : #QOTD: What's one thing you knocked... til you tried?
yea god im like crying
Does anyone going to the caps game tonight know if they're handing out towels? They better be
Hey! has 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 50 Cent PBRs tonight! 807 S 5th St
Chicago never dies
And, almost goes without saying, I've read and love Little Brother.
Congrats to Rick Chaney, special ed teacher and JV coach at Oregon City HS, who wins a pair of tix to RIP City Classic via
Born Free........Taxed to Death.
#Str8LykeDes... I'm through with des shit...
They took our jobs
great quote! ;)
No sense! Lmao! #ThugLifeRon RT : My guy said, "I gotta rep my hood, Queens Bridge" lol -
Chelsea, my publicist says its superhard to get to your show because im not known. Can he pitch my nuggettness?
he's currently serving the 8 year term. He's not going to be out for a while still
Rise and Shine! Okay no shine but it's warm at Fresh for Brunch, Taste Washington later today
Of course nursing helps because it burns 500-600 calories per day. Repeatedly dead lifting a 16 lb baby boy also helps.
Need to relax and let go of some built up stress? We have a #YOGA coming up tonight at 7:15...join us!
do you have my number still lol
you're everything that makes me fall in love
Gotta quit with savannah drama. I need more friends in Selmer. Haha.
Did you know our springless #trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface? Feel safe about your kids jumping!
Like comics? is your man!
..writing a new song on the piano . its pretty dope so far !
Congrats on the site going live. Go .mil!
i think you just saw the trends that are up for you... awkward.
^_^ yea i kissed in the rain ... no biggie
Live clean, live green
I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I actually miss reading theory.
Interested to hear about what happened v NY - only had 35% possession, at home, and still won - what happened there?
Basketball wives is so dumb! Haha none of these bitches are married to basketball players.
Google "Expat Shield"
"not a hater, just a curator."
I am an unstoppable force,I move mountains, mountains does not move me...
(G.K. Chesterton) It isn’t that they can’t see the solution. It is that they can’t see the problem.
Is there anything I can do, I'd be glad to help you..
I enjoyed going to the King William Fair today. was a nice, hot day and ate some sausage on a stick and a turkey leg.
Right on!
Fantastic game!! Keep it going, we really need the offense.
Thanks for the tweet Will you be attending the event?
At the end of the 1st half, the leads the Blast 7-2. Stay tuned for the 2nd half action, and let's go Blast!
And i say
re: Valve, too bad people aren't compensated for creativity / ideas. Hard without them being defensible property
Prom is around the corner and the buses are going fast. Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Its to early to be up
please tell me it is a double first name? Just rolls off the tongue! Liza Nelle, such a pretty name
i put him as DH id want Jones in my OF he's one of my favorite guys thats why i had him hamilton, batista & kemp they are my 4
Some men are just effin creeps.
what r these moves ur putting together?
The Davis Bottle Shoppe is hoppin' for a Tuesday night.
I'd like more _______, please. Fill in the blank.
Might be "thinkable." AS seemed pretty confident yesterday when he talked about today's strategy. Hmm.
dont you mean dirk and jason terry
bahahaha im diggin yur pic(: did u do that on cam wow? I love that app ((:! Please follow mehh (: it would make my year (:
Just made one baller cd!!
I just hate it when something perfect turns into such a huge lie...
You took it out ? Why !
Lay person copyright status. www.creativecommons.org
Of course the Pack pick my second option smdh why!!!!!!
Oh okay i see. But not a lot of people care. They swear up & down they do, but trust they don't.
So happy for you, Lord knows I need new life in The kitchen!! Ha!
Sittin in the new moon screening...lost guess I shoulda watched the first one huh?!?
The menus for #FoodTrucks hosting breakfast Friday is making me HUNGRY!
When my computer looses power this time of day, it's secretly saying #gothefucktosleep. Thanks
thanks! the dome was fun--as was the convo!
boys boys boys, we love them! :D
Slow day...
"You may call for peace as loudly as you wish, but where there is no brotherhood there can in the end be no peace."
Caught Up in the Rapture
I am a huge advocate of clean undie-drawers.
are you looking for Board Members? I have experience.
Great, I'm fine too...
katy perry
not really! They are all like an episode of cops. Lol!
so thats like sayn u only got a dollar!
You're annoying.
RT for your New York angels <3
Just give me time and I’ll get over you.
So u got your 2yr old outside butt naked smh
That was NOT indisputable video evidence.
when did do THAT?!?
how long you in town?
Feels like a friggin' #Phillies game tonight at Chase Field vs
This is one of them nights when I wish I was off.
I hate storms when I'm all by myself... The power is probs going to go out :/ I'm just going to go to bed GOODNIGHT!!!
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!
Good Night i had enough of haterz oh Me and Ray Ray broke up, we are done we arent dating !
I wonder if that get piped in from corporate.
Equator Line Records!!!! We make it hot! Eeeaasstt! Eqlrecords.com
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
I. Need. That.
it was last week. reviving the hash tag. may be beating a dead dog haha
Riv has found him some wheels from some where
okay j rock
I double dog dare you to follow me;)
died 6 months from today </3...RT for our
Coffee Cake Muffins...M. Delicious!
that is too funny! I guess old habits die hard huh! I do the same!
": I like to take it one day at a time" short sighted thinking will leave your bank account short as well, gotta plan evry move
Sprung from cages out on Highway 9, The Boss; Bruce Springsteen. Enjoy the concert.
friendly reminder to all "people of faith": a belief is not a fact, it's a need.
Be sure to play, to make your day, sparkle with joy, so your heart says YAY! ~
I don't get this whole Klout thing
Jaw muscles can contract with a force as great as 55 pounds of pressure on anterior incisors, and 200 pounds of pressure on back molars.
Hi everyone :)
movin 2 my new apt. WED such a hassle,hate movin,settin up my recordin space n all dat,better view n more space so yeah#COOL!
I don't think axmen has enough cussing in it lol
LOVE YOU CODY
I aint religious, i just believe in God
Ugh I really hate doing laundry :( <U+E421>
Getting new designs and logos ready stay tuned!!
everyone live Tweet pick 182....NOW
Bottle after Bottle
shit. I literally just left. Had a 9pm call with china.
Ill Tat my face before I Brand my body.....
Think we'll have to disagree, as "too many other interests involved" is not an excuse to right past wrongs.
my sister I love this girl happy birthday for the second time. : ))
ok send me the link
I just watched the show! You were g8t. It's nice to hear healthy lifestyle tips from a real person!
later today, reveals his top-rated prospect in 2012 #NFLdraft. Hint: His No. 1 is guy who won't be picked there.
Does she bring you "gifts"? Had 3 shrews on our porch this week. :(
Give me a break let me make my own pattern. All that it takes is some time but I'm shattered.~
Word. Questionable use of words.
No #ignite for me, currently on the couch sick. But, hope you all have fun down there!
I love the way u hold me, In your arms I'll always be. You take each & everyday make it special in some way.
thanking friends for hosting today's #swxengage chat on #multichannel marketing + customer engagement
peep out our upcomming foam party
I love when people say "uummmmm" in their outgoing voicemail
In all your getting, get understanding ~ Proverbs 4:7
I want coto to beat mayweathers bitch ass hella bad
It's a morning. Happiest of Birthdays to KeJuan Carter! Show him some love, he's an even older man today. :)
That's actually Joel's bass. I don't own nice things.
RT I stand with Mark Miller because I can no longer wait to be included by the church I love. #gc2012. Blessings to you.
A big congratulations to Rachel's Level One class for an excellent show last night. We are all very proud of you.
Thank GAWD. How would I survive on Sunday otherwise?
Cassius is really going to talk the entire way to Eugene. Lord help me.
I hate Mr. McClure. <-- if that's how you spell it.
Too bad most celebs are in the entertainment industry and support this bs.
yea, most of the time I do, but now I juss drive around nd shyt!
Seperated out 192 crayons for projects later. Now onto Avengers!
“ No. But I can't stop you from swimming naked next to the boat
QoTD: "People who are brutally honest get more satisfaction out of the brutality than out of the honesty." (Richard J. Needham)
The racist tweets about Joel Ward are disgusting.
Let's hope the 12th man doesn't decide this game #49ers!!!
Im a cowboy
that's pretty pretty cool! Wish I could move there, or to Wisconsin!
One of the things that I love about Tweetchat is that it automatically adds the hashtag.
Is it wrong to think that the ppl complaining about bountygate are giant frickin' wusses? Can't help it.
Learn how businesses to use online video to attract more links and prospects to your website
You got it!
Hey Padma Lakshmi how can u deny your daughter the right to have her fathers name on her birth certificate? Choice isnt self-serving dearie.
On the bus with annoyin childish people . Grow the fuck up .
I need some chocolate chip cookies in my life right now!!!! smh
caps official mobile app has live stream
Live Like You're Dying<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
and every time i think of you i wanna cry. cuz i jus dont noe. how u feel. but i noe. i miss you.
Here we go again :)! Two EyeCandyC'ville tastings and bunches of cake tastings. Love meeting brides and grooms...love is in the air!
happy humping to all<3 ily
Well, my son, Ron, got me a brand spanking new acoustic for my birthday! Way better than my old one. Raised him right! :) (Grant)
When you pusue God with all of your heart He will satisfy you with His goodness!
Working hard on our April Issue, which is also our Tween/Teen Issue! Lots of great features coming your way!!
what position do you play in baseball?
aha FOUND THE TRAX we will pick em up in Seattle and be back in Feb with them...than U can do your magic!
Carly is having a blast judging tonight's Guinness Perfect Pint contest. No one knows head ratios better than her.
3rd Period starts now.
Well I hope you feel better real soon
October the oneth.
Now you know why us Norwegians have such issues with Sweden
"Nothing great will ever b achieved without great men, and men r great only if they are determined to be so." Charles de Gaulle, statesman
Five errors for the #Rays tonight - the same amount of runs scored so far by the two teams combined.
Thx for tip :) -CV
T-5 who else is dying
So sad I missed you at #TasteWa yesterday! Heard you & caught up though :)
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "CREEPNIK" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
okay I'm down.... If I get one are you really going to get one?
So bummed didn't get tix for 4/22 im mpls already sold out like 5 minutes no for me :(
yeah! i know but its ok:( well... i can buy other c:
A potluck where the host assigns me "banana cream pie"
Thanks Kim! Happy writing!
An enormous tragedy. A tremendous talent lost. “: BREAKING: Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48”
I really really want to say I told you so but that's not the proper thing to say to someone going through a breakup
Hey twitter, have'nt tweeted on yah for a while.... XD
school forgot 2 set IEP date I had 2 remind them We all need all the luck in the world to deal with these meetings
You have to be yourself no matter who judges you.
who else are you following?
Ready for #AIA2012! Got the great app, everything on my calendar, packing and looking forward to it! Thanks
I am
I love rainy days.
OH: "Cheese-it's for breakfast? For reals?" "Oh yeah. Trick is to fill half the cup, shake to achieve low entropy state, then fill the cup"
Thank you!
"These wines are the opposite of everything I thought they would be." Which means they're awesome!
It's hotter in our office than it is outside. Wtf?
Being different and the ability to be creative and change will keep him intrigue. Now thats the new sexy
I wanna change my twitter name to something clever..
Just finished lunch at winderlea courtesy of tina's. Grilled quail, berry pavlova, and salmon w/fennel. Honestly, I need a good pizza!
funny thing is, that was me. xD ahaha. Let's go be dumb and talk about marijuana. alright. cool.
you know cudi does a hook at the end?
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her, but don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
care to elaborate?
Follow for all things Blazer Athletics
Let's go #Pacers, Good v. Evil right here.
Beiber got belts
16 more days! (:
hey there! if you follow (sister acoustic pop duo) they will follow you back!! myspace.com/poemaofficial <3
Really? Cool - yes I can make the designs bigger/smaller change colors on some etc. I've got a lot of flexibility.
Still no baby yet...
where do you work?!?!?!
is going to jump back into my comfy warm bed
I think they "get social" more than we think.
Happy Birthday Princeton from !!!!!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
totally do-able! You'll fly through the books.
Leaving midtown work to go to east cap. Work. Hugh im hungry
I'll follow u if u follow me..Im funnier the hell. Do it, you know you want to tough guy.
Signed up for first Tough Mudder in Beaver Creek Colorado in June. Bring on the hurt!
Well it didn't crack, and it turned on when I plugged it into my charger, but the screen won't turn on.
I'm cool with #whatevs as long as my view is sweet.
Fannie Mae's Former Chief Fights to Clear His Name - BusinessWeek
I can't wait for you to catch up to the current news!
he has 8 appearances. 0-16 with 6 k's. Yet to reach base.
Dear I still love yu and even tho we don't talk no more yu know I will sways be there for yu
Any of you twitter friends play SWTOR? :] Play with me!
it was really cool! Go after dark if you can, great visual displays.
The coffee pot worked fine yesterday, but has been bubbling and popping for an hour with no results no matter how I try to fix it!
Which means we'd be like.... 3rd in the East ;)
no problem, would hate to waste your time. is a great #brewers follow however.
Milf city at target right now
We Follow Back.
Don't you have minions for that sort of thing? :)
I dig the organizational wiki for the pasadena digital history collaboration- super efficient
Yea buddy Spurs are up after 1st.
#WeWontWorkOutIf you text like a robot. Learn how to keep a conversation going.
I don't cheat and wouldn't give open access. Just on principle.
It's an amazing day for a bike ride! Yay for hoodie weather!! :-)
I gotta main bitch nd a mistress im trynna work it out im on my fitness. #NP Love Affair
That and FOB is all i've been listening to for like the past month \m/
Just won a round at the 2009 Robot Monkey World Championship II in Greenpoint. So much fun!
College: Source: Pitino won't be elected to Hall of Fame Louisville coach Rick Pitino might win his second national championship Monday,
Could see severe storms tonight here in New England. Pete's busy tracking it. Latest at 5:30 on
So excited to hang out with my boyfriend tmrw, I forgot its my 1st day of classes... Haha
I got a sunburn today
through lunch :) thanks
In the most pissed off mood of all time
Since my two best friends and can't just accept me for who I am guess its time to start tweeting
A older guy who's bio said he's a plumber just followed me.... why do old people always follow me?! I block them anyways -___-
whats up and im texting u right now ! :)
I want to play with coursera...
If you're going to be subway-less & stranded in Williamsburg, make your own adventure w/ , a 2 hour walk, & some groupons.
Leaving for the gym before 5 am and part of me longs to be normal. Then I remember what it is to be normal.
3 words, 8 letter, 3 syllables, 5 vowels. 3 consonants, 2 nouns, 1 emotion, many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I love you.
hey ive loved u from the start will u please notice me i love never say never:)<3!!!!
I mean, if I were making 6, 7 or 8 figures and they played the national anthem before my job, I'd manage to drag my ass out for it.
#cavemantailgate with at metlife stadium for the #newyorkjets game. Let's go Jets!
Two shots and a spliff im getting on your level my dude never too early
do we have a new Chicago Bulls fan?
Im not fat just well fed.
can't tomorrow but let's do lunch. I'm on baby duty. :-)
Do you ever sleep?! Or are you up all night sending out pics....
damn I didn't even think about that
My squirts showed growth today. Still lost, but we're on the come...
Success is not permanent. Same is also true for failure.
Good night to all of you!!
Such sad news to hear of Donna Summer's passing. You will me missed dearly and your music will live on forever. RIP <3
Everything is resolved
Welcome to autumn! If you need us, we'll be celebrating the equinox with a nice ol' Sampler Pack.
#OpeningDay Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...
lol ok clown my Bad
“: I've confirmed that Dan Hurley is the new URI coach AND Bobby Hurley will be coming with him as an assistant." YES!
How have you been Del? Long time, no talk. You seem to have been busy lately! I hope all is well :)
Actor has to get used to the world of illusions. Don't always be touching something.
National cat herders for ads in preferred *local news* slots on TV get 15%, limited slots. Hm. I need something to do in 2014.
Cannot deal.
Hitchcock movies help me pack.
“: In need of snacks...”go get us som
RT : Cheers for that!<< Sure thing!
got my first tattoo yesterday(: and i think im addicted to them now :D
Of Monsters And Men is Sold Out tonight at Water St. But they just released 16 tix. Already a line. Doors in 6 minutes #getherenow!
This Wat am bout to do... evertime I get a follower I well get they name tatted on me. follow me
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to reading your blog and tweets!
RT : Pls follow an #Indielabel from & tell them I sent you! Thank you & Pls RT
Headaches...bro!!!
Busy Days
Don't try to be on every platform Pick the ones where your target audience hangs out on the most :)
Ill put my balls on your drumset!!!
THESE WEAK ASS RAPPERS/SINGERS MAKE IT HARDER FOR PPL LIKE ME WHO ACTUALLY GOT THE TALENT
LLWS was a really good game today !
oh boy this one smh
To all you people screaming about Troy Davis what if he did do it? He was still at the scene attacking someone. He wasn't a good man.
Happy #thanksgiving everyone! I hope u all have a great time with your family!
you make my speakers go boom boom
My wife is making brownies and using black beans as a big part of the ingredients. I don't know what to say about this.
Thank you for following me...
Man U needs a tie so I think that is what they will get. I hope it is wide open soccer but I am not sure it will be
“It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty
Blows the F UP !!! sings his ass off.
Story pitches!
never had curry chicken omelet
Thank YOU for listening, buddy! (cc: )
She is awesome. Kyle even likes her. =)
Movie in the Park Saturday night FREE, thanks sponsors, 7:00pm at Fountain Park playing "Megamind" all are invited.
Tonight's Fibber password ($5 tix!) is "Vincent Brown"!
RT : Breaking #INCL news – Legends In Concert to debut on another ship soon!
Scooby Doo is an all-time favorite!
John Denver died on this day in 1997 when his plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean.
The completion of the wedding cake church will put us on the map.
yes. And thats lame!
Finally reading the Harry Potter series!
Prob going to have a fiesta on Cinco de Mayo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> haha
I hate sleeping with my retainer on.
iphone... soaked
'Parenthood's' feisty mama Best fight on TV this month? The Pacquiao vs. Marquez PPV boxing match? The dos Santos-Velasquez UFC title mat
Heeellllooooo :) thanks for the hi
Headed to DC with #kettlehill culinary crew...such a nice day to get out of the construction site
#NowPlaying: Smoke and Mirrors by
So what scal find a new job at comcast till next season??
Please take the time to like my page if you find it interesting and informative. Thanks!
thanks fam. Wouldn't mind working with you in the near future
Happy Monday everyone! So, what was your favorite commercial from the Super Bowl yesterday? Give a shout out here.
The only thing I can be perfect at is being me. I will always fall short trying to be something or someone Im not.
haha ! XD it was an awkward moment between us..
Chairing 10 faculty searches at simultaneously. Finding great faculty to teach our students is almost as fun as teaching!
Phil Hughes Y U NO REMEMBER HOW TO PITCH??
where do u play handball in Austin. I have been wanting to play
tonight: recording rap vocals for After Ashley
it's not downloading right on my computer bro ts not letting me download it as an mp3 file bro
Happy birthday ! Wishing you nothing but the best on your day!
Happy Friday to you too!
You remember how quicktime used to have a portal-like home screen. Apple's still keeping that updated.
we'll be back soon! great meeting today - glad we made the trip! cc
Narcissism is an evil that masquerades as good.
State of heavy breathing is to build emotion big enough to act with.
5 more followers than we have 800 !
i don't know, ask flaiz.
Castings tonight. Tomorrow is another day!
Real eggs in our breakfast @ Comfort Inn Portland/Vancouver.Great breakfast to start your morning. Check us out @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Yes, I did :) ain't I handsome?
Love is just a word until the right person comes along and puts it into action. <U+2665>
NeoNatural features glass art from students at Ball State and Anderson University. Jan21-Mar18. $3
crackers gonna wait
but I really got no kids
i agree Posh, every1 changes when they get married and you adjust/adapt, Tre hates Mel for whatever reason PERIOD
I pass on the title of DJ Dirty Tunes to Exceptional job tonight, sir
Calling all Charger Fans....Expressly Gourmet is now open at 11am on the weekends. Get some food for the Game delivered!
How do you get tickets for the blind auditions in Chicago?
WE ARE #LABELLEMAFIA MORE VIDEOS & && PICS COMING SOON!!
Instead of working on #cataloging homework, I'm inspired to do readers' advisory for my dad using Novelist and Goodreads.
and from what I understand they are wildly successful. Trying to go see them Monday morning. !!!
MiniSolos show tomorrow night! Hope to see you there.
oh, I didn't know you were sick, I'm sorry. I hadn't been on much lately but hadn't seen or heard from you so though I
uploading a new video :D btw thanks for 1,000+ views on my call me maybe cover <33
I'll see for myself after I get you trashed
WTF BE A MAN JEFF WHO YOU WIT RAMS OR DOLPHINS SHIT LET ME KNOW
yea but she don't follow back.
I Think I'ma Start Cooking , Like I'm STARVING.
Everyone wish a happy bday if you get a chance. Great guy!
a character I would love to see get hit by a bus.
yes! Me too!
yes I did! :D
You three and Billy Knight, you'd hope.
Glad you like it! RT : My new favorite sandwich: The General Get into it.
I may or may not tear up everytime I watch The Office episode when Jim proposes to Pam...
please, please, please! I'd be so happy
I find it to be a subset of Murphy's Law that, if a meeting ever conflicts with your schedule and forces you to shuffle other things around
I love a good work out <3
BOYS&GIRLS:Smile you never know whos falling in love with it
your funny.
RT I have found that if you love life, life will love you back
Happy to have found some Gosling Groupies in Let the battle for fan club presidency begin!
text me.
Pizza dough is rising. Regular dough is kickin' it, but the cornmeal dough might be a little dry. We'll see in about an hour...
Was overloaded with things to do this weekend... and a severe need of a rest this afternoon!
Fishers hedge fund mgr Keenan Hauke pleaded guilty to securities fraud today and was sentenced to 121 months in pridon.
What is the best gift for newlyweds?
Good deeds start at home. Be good to your loved ones today. You never know how long you'll have them
Alcohol ads bring me down...makes americans look like cheap dates at best, brainwashed numbskulls at worst, meditation beats BUD folks
She digs winners MT : Told Courtney about CJ to LA. "Meh." Told her about Pujols to LA. "Oh my God. She's learning the great game
Realized it's a full moon... That's why today was off kilter...
hell yea ima lakers fan all da way lakers :D did u spend ur money yet?(:
Breaking News: Possum sighted at Churchill Downs.
i feel like a complete ass
You're welcome
I got my Scentsy starter kit today so I'm all set to go. Anybody want a Scentsy catalog?????
Says he has spoken with victims families and feels for them.
I love you for sending me this. This is Amanda, not Andy. I thought I should clarify ;)
I saw Pajamas and her five buddies from SC this morning. All are wagging tails and seeking attention and looking good.
Summerfest Rock 'n Sole Run presented by BMO Harris Bank is looking forward to a great race on June 23, 2012! We would like to thank our...
#360PR recognized with honorable mention for best small agency to work for at tonight's #SABREawards. Go team!
#3WordsOfAdvice We are all equal and all deserve the same rights.
props to bartolo colon. 8IP.. didnt think he still had it in em
Dinosaurs, construction & the alphabet What more can a little boy want? Bang! Boom! Roar! By Nate Evans
Foggy/rainy day in LA. Looking forward to going through more pictures of my grandfather's life.
that's insane. I would have a bad a$$ bicycle lol
My nite just got better. WAY better. RT : I will be live tweeting the #Oscars!!!
real-time, authentic, personal learning enabled by SM hooks kids of all ages, they want to be "better" for their audience
I am in a #Chipotle coma.
can I marry your book when it comes out?
But once I try to explain something it sounds like crap.
when are you
what school is this?
Thanks BFF!
how u know I got two jobs lol
It's hot as fuck in this apartment
Of course - great video :D
No they don't card
I just Digo-ed all my Pintrest stuff after reading the copyright concerns. Symbaloo seems like a good substitute for visual folks?
Thank you to all of the new followers pushing their web sites, but if I wanted to get laid I would wink at my wife. You are now blocked!!
Thanks for retweeting us !! I <3 Twitter! Your site is awesome PS. Whens the next event? Did u get ridic # Tweets on V-Day?
hey if u don't report me 2 nick I won't let the truth out about who u really are... Vern/vendetta. Coincidence? I think not
I actually make an effort and you don't even care.
well done today!
Every time I am walking towards the ice-cream truck, it drives away. ;_;
Under the Student Services tab, click on Registration. Find the link that says Purchase Textbooks.
Morning, everyone! Happy Mother's Day!
RT: SALE - mark your calendars!!! icont.ac/dzZr I'm excited!
It's cute when someone tells you straight up they like you.
are you looking for new artist if they have the right talent that you are looking for
O M G WEIRD
Haha finally! ": Lady gaga actually looks somewhat human on the new vanity fair cover"
“: he prob had some Js on wit a LV belt”lmao yep!
oh!! Good idea!! What scary movies!? I say..The Crazies and Insidious...those are my favorite. But i might get scurred...o.o
Just updated my Galveston Wholesale Property List- check out now
Okay, found another album on my phone I don't hate. Can't go wrong with Rain Dogs.
Dear Mr. Stern and Mr. Jackson, You guys really need to do something this off-season about the flopping going on in a beautiful sport.
I fed my dog chocolate and he enjoyed it so much, he's been sleeping for three days(: he's so cute I just can't wake him up!!
Damn winter is back in LA tonight! Bbrrrrr!!!
I threw my iPhone off my roof and it smashed into the ground. HEY APPLE! Looks like you need to do some more TESTING on your AIRPLANE MODE
Trying to make a poster while being distracted by Must be part of their evil plan to stop the up + comers.
KSON RADIO CONGRATS Annalee of La Mesa taking the Road to Stagecoach!
BizchangerZ’ provides your very own EXTREME WEB MARKETING MAKEOVER
"Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macy's day balloon."- Penny
good! Until then my love.....
That was not pretty. My racquetball game needs serious work.
Why can't I get a guy my age, but older&younger men fucking love me? (&now married men as well for those keeping tally)
Definitely similar, The tech side is largely solved by OC, govtrack, others; problem is access to raw data.
my brother gets to have all the fun over break. #notcool #bored!!
you cleaning up today?! Wait until Tuesday. Or better yet, wait until after the parade. Who gives a shit if State St. looks bad. It is bad
I fell on sunday nite, but was drinking Jack n Cokes and tripping my face off. Come back to Philly. #PhanProblems smile
Not a bother. Follow back and we'll call it even!
That was a rude thing so say, but I had to. Lol
This toast is so yummy :D
Thanks so much for helping spread the word about this!
my mom berly got home -.-
Check out my new website just www.bloodworthlawfirm.com
Hey were did you get that picture!!!! omg btw can you make me one for harry!@!!
Prediction: Bobby Valentine is not going to last past May
All a part of the growing process, remember he's still young. Let's see how he finishes the year.
Why wont this sharp pain in my stomach go away :(
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old. ~ Mary Schmich
Thank you! RT : Absolutely loving what you do, thanks for the follow.
yes & that makes it even worse, that's like my worst nightmare wrapped into a movie! I cried the whole dang time.
yo I slept all day and I was gonna hit u up tomorrow
I was thinking of toasting seeds and nuts separately, and letting folks garnish...many guests have food issues.
don't leave <l3
Got A Lot on my Mind!!!!
Awww... You In Love Huh?!... In Love With A Hoe... Thats Not Cute...
I still here!
Congrats you handsome devil!
About to go on an adventure. OK. Actually just business meetings. But perspective is everything.
I saw some Irish guys piss on BART between cars and a cop actually walked right past one of them crossing between cars
you're weird
figured he would have shined the way the defense was developing
It was a blast! Planting trees on a beautiful morning, what could be better! Thanks for all you do!
#eli2012 Student Use of DR: well organized, use when T is doing a poor job,full lectures vs. chunks, may value collections over Google.
Pride and opposition to authority are ever closely connected. - Ruth Harvey, The Shelf of Life
thanks! I tried it that's the best way to do it.:-)
bitch yo flat booty cracker ass mad at black people for what? cuz Yo white trash ass wanna be us.
Beautiful tattoo Jaybird! <3
#iReallyHateWhenPeople Say i'm chubby. I'm not, your just a toothpick madame!
This Sunday, the 12:30 Hot class is free for all moms! Happy Mother's Day!
the one and only in this mothafucka
Interesting fact: 64% of consumers have been purchasing more generic brands. Rebranding may be in order for high-end brands!
Its hot as balls in that car !! D:
"Like" this post if our Wednesday night special is your favorite! Yummy manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & small drink for only $7+tax!
": Rollin like a rolling stone" lmao lamest shit I ever heard
You know how to reach me too...dayum...am I going to see you saturday? If not i am OFFICIALLY through with you. YES YES YES
I'm thinking Keegan Bradley could put it together too...but damn it'd be good to see Tiger in the green jacket again
I love all my bows <U+E314><U+E32D>
#LetsBeHonest if sex weren't so great, people wouldn't put up with half as much bullshit.
Damn. i really wanna watch rio <3 lol
Now off to play some ball and dominate
Finally saw #Kony2012. The book was WAY BETTER!
At least we made it to the playoffs
bout time.
There 6 major reasons for hair loss: Genetic predisposition,Stress and trauma, Nutrition and diet,Health issues, Medications,Enviroments.
Beer is good! FYI for my diet trackers, dinner with that beer was huge grilled veggie platter & 1 hot wing. Gotta Keep the balance! LOL
YO, IM CURIOUS ON GHETTO GIRL IS THAT A SAMPLE OR U ACTUAL HAD SUMONE SINGIN IT? EITHER WAY
the enemies primary deception is to use friends and even spokesmen for God to talk you out of carrying your cross (Mt 16:22-23).
Paging Ms Eskinazi,Paging Ms Eskinazi to the front desk (Peewee Voice) how are ya my friend
Thanks so much! RT Your film will be a great tribute to him. I shot with him 10 years ago in LA, an amazing experience
People should not be allowed to text and walk at the same time, they never watch where they're going.
Talk Is Cheap, Action Is Worth Money
Will do! Thanks for sharing!
you mean doesn't always wear a hat? I assumed they were permenantly attached, like an exoskeleton for his brain.
Done with all work for the semester and starting the new job tonight! Life is good :)
Austria got it for 2015, a mere 130 odd miles from Stuttgart.
well it doesn't look like we are watching the kids Saturday so it doesn't matter anymore!
are you going to be in new york may 10th if so I'll be there :-)
fuck is it windy today
it's fantastic right !!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! I am gonna start reading them again lmao
This was a great documentary RT : Holy crap..Being Elmo is quite literally magical. This review is pretty much going to write itself:)
I love the alien picture. Nice!
Yeah if he Zack and Gasol control the paint it's over for the Clippers.
Who's #1? And why did you choose Adelaide?!
I thought you were starting to grow up. My bad.
what language are you even tweeting???? Monday may need to be breakfast, lunch and dinner!
NO ambition... NO drive... NO hustle... A road to NOwhere!!
Thanks for following lil ole me! ;-)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
i'm such a bitch.
It's this guy in my class no matter who or what is said he always has a bigger more flexed up storyN the bad thing bout it is that he's old
Sierra College Foundation investing nearly 90K in natural history museum: By Sara Seyydin Journal Staff Writer The Sierra College Fou...
The oldest virgin in history was 105
Im not finna keep following.ppl of dey dnt follow me fuck
Just watched Conan O'Brien Can't Stop Documentary and it was awesome! A must see for everyone! is hilarious!!
"BEST TWIT-LIPZ" contest still goin on i guess. hit up myself or for mas info. (via )
when you u be sending email or evo point cards to those who earned them?
Will be interesting story. Interesting to think about Haiti's progress v. Japan's quake. So many differences, similarities.
I love the way Justin sings 'Come Home to Me'
hey Frank, when is Shape going to available digitally? Looks great by the way! Can't wait.
lol shut up
I'd be happy to join!!
Pete give us the stats on #RedSox wins when leading after 7?
Anyone up for a brewery tour in Baltimore on Saturday, at 12:30pm? Also thinking about visiting after.
Girl W/The Dragon Tattoo needs to speed her plotline up and get rid of that dykey gutterpunk SIA wig. Like right now.
You are wonderful niall !!! Cant wait till you guys come to illinois in june xD
hahaha that made me laugh
I'm in the merch staff and got to enjoy the show a bit on Saturday! Absolutely incredible!! Looking forward to an amazing run!
Feeling SUPER tired today. It's like regular tired except in case I pass out I've tied a blanket around my neck like a cape.
txt mi
With confidence, you have won before you have started.
We all are on the journey together on space ship earth, so all us human beings should live in friendship like one big family.
Ok. I'm just chilling waiting for you. Otherwise, I'm headed home :) It's five pm!
i love you soo much dont let anyone bring you down u are soo pretty and talented thank you so much u inspire me<<<<33333
RT : Teaparty forces Sen. Hatch into primary contest. Hatch is no moderate so another example of Republican...
you're amazing! Thanks for all you do!
I am so excited for this weekend with my best friends
Is this the same Jamie Dimon who said newspaper reporters are overpaid?
not a good bad...he drinks. Or he says. And lies all the time. And I can't do that SHIZNIT
RT : Those Who Request Your Time...Have Asked You For Your Greatest Investment. What Is Your Return?
Then stop talking to her instead of complaining.
Yes!!!! Finally! Thank you Happy Madison productions and Sony! this is amazing :) love you shane <3 keep it up! =D
Working on three Acoustic Rooster Parent/Teacher Video Guides with music, video, and cool information. And it'll be free.
Hate to see bp go but what coach wouldn't wanna take a top 5 team? We'll survive. WPS!!!
Since you're young and innocent, I'll be kind.
sleeping on it. maybe that will help?
i like how u aint text me back
Getting ready to Lauch RichmondNightOut.com in the next few weeks. It will be THE place to find everything happening in RIchmond Tonight!!
To the 18,000+ visitors and 500+ volunteers at our annual booksale: thx for supporting reading and your public library! See you next year!
absolutely... my wife (NYC Gal) used it with my 70 year old Mum when we got married... trying not to say ASS...
Is Jordan Crawford injured or did Wittman just bury him on the bench?
Having Tracy ride in the cash cab = pure genius. I think last night was one of my favorite episodes!
I don't think you'll see this but is there going to be meet and greet tickets for the Sacramento show at the state fair
Rocking the SoCap tip
How much is your raw honey by the jar? Let us know. We're writing a spotlight piece about your business!
Radelet: "The rise of new technologies has made Africa connected to political, community, and economic sectors."
I could die right now For something beautiful to take me somewhere else
Come on in for $2 Railbender Drafts, John's homemade Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, and more. Live music after 8:30. Bring your guitar.
what's wrong with it?
Re: all the Brits/Aussies playing Americans with dubious accents: it's revenge for all the bad UK accents we gave them in the 80s & 90s.
when the Browns trade down almost every year.
Jazz at the Bistro is 3536 Washington Ave, 63103. Our office is the block behind at 3547 Olive St, Suite 260
Mr. Galactic Fantastic LOL
nothing home
media and my fellow knicks fans r both making me sick. Let's see once ur back in rhythm, dominating what everyone says then
Canal Club tonight for #LocalXposure!! go on at 9:50pm! FREE!! BEE THERE!!
I have the perfect playlist to listen to while getting ready in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
The Place did not see "The CUP" but Josh Beckett, Clay Bucholz and John Lackey rolled in with a crew for latenite pizza - 8 pizzas in VIP!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
There are many ways to win a game. The best one is to score more points than the other team.
Bo Ryan basketball man
it's bittersweet. Thanks for 4 great years and even better memories
A HUGE thank you to Courtney Mick for her consistent donation of time, resources & advocating to tell others about the foster crisis in OK!
I'm gonna rearrange shit and make your job harder
Hmm living like the townies tonight for my momma's birthday... Legends it is!
I have learned 2 use the word impossible with the greatest caution. ~ Wernher von Braun
Sonic: delicious and on every corner in the south
mandated overtime!!! Hahaha
Quite a thought about Peter and the modern church.
Want the new album! Yay! XP So Excited! Lmao!!
#oomf don't have to trip about anything I got this <3 deserve better.
I feel ye on that one boyle
Just came from the #beach . So tired. No heading to ma' granny's.
you gotta come to our road show April 4th!!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
Thanks for the RT.
What's amazing and funny and beautiful all over? !!
I want my first now!
Having a lazy Saturday playing on the puter
walked on a leash today
my trainer just told me to eat bacon. I knew I made the right decision when I hired him.
Follow me on gifboom; !!
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep reading the last one
Gov. Scott Walker thanks GOP faithful for their prayers, says "that just means the world to us."
good meeting you my man!! and thanks for puttin me on the mixtape!
not unless you call being grounded a party, cause if you do it's a party of one and I'm the host -_-
IF THIS VIDEO UPSETS YOU, retweet it. Maybe we can stop this from happening to someone else.
Laying in the shower about to nap.....thanks ;)
Just another manic Monday.
doing homework -_-
Try skirt steak with watercress and chilies
great...will not be rooting for He wont be on my fantasy team
Sad but true! Love you guys
Thank you, sweetie!! <3
RT : Living sustainably isn't only about what you use, but what you fail to use.
www.worldchampionfans.com grab ur banner TODAY to receive it by Opening Game Day! ;) or call us for details 888-2121
a steady rain, not too hard yet.
Thanks, new followers:
I dont talk to you often lately but its always nice to read your tweets and know you are there ;)
I hate shopping. :D
RT : If the way you're touching your customers isn't working, let touch them in ways that DO work. So to speak....
I need that Facebook DCF on my desk stat.
what do you mean what is this world coming to? Homosexuality has always existed along side heterosexuality.
your welcome! Haha and they are good dancers. But ICONic BOYZ are GRAND dancers Juss Sayn:)
EXCELLENT point(s)! :) RT : It supports diversity & nurtures entreprenuership
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 17
khloe kardashian isnt fat. first tweet in months and this is what's on my mind.
start my class on Emile w/ "has your education hurt you? how?"
Parents can help ADD kids with homework by asking teachers what their expectations are and helping kids meet them.
Lol...good choice
whoa that ending snuck up out of nowhere #screenwriting Revisions tomorrow and then entering a #screenplay contest! =]
I'm getting more upset with ever text
Shout me out mothafuckkas!? please(:
By the numbers: 40 days to 40th, 40 workouts left for the 200 in 200 goal, 160 days post bad habit, 500+ miles, 3rd pair of shoes...
haha thank you(; woof
lol. this bitch. im having like a friggen giggle fit over here.
Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? A: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Researching ways to decrease the bounce rate of the website I manage. #1 suggestion: Good web layout and design.
How are your spring workouts going?
Big SACTO event tonight! 11 of the 15 Sierra Vintners wineries will be sharing their wines w/ the 700+ audience at the new airport terminal!
Just played a solid 9 holes... so much for a lazy Sunday... there are some good movies on tonight though, so, lazy night.
Smokin some good ol christmas trees
same to u thank for follow me too god bless u
Why are people unfollowing me?!?!
Don't go wrong : some people come in your life as BLESSINGS, others come in your life as LESSONS & other as PROBLEMS [B. Papper]
Happy Halloween!
thank you follow us for updates on when its coming back your way!
Maybe set up a password file with fake answers to the questions? Could be fun generating a wild/weird fake persona…
Fantastic idea, guys. VA House approves bill to repeal one gun a month law bit.ly/yl52ej
Just tapped Odin Thor Equinox Belgium Strong Ale.
Girls Night Out is only 1 week away on Oct 19th...Celebrating women owned businesses
Jessica mad cus she not gettin love!
More AIG bashing please ...
Well to those who think these things are pre recorded. Heres your proof.
"We'll be phasing out all free Ning Networks." <---Just received- Ning network announcement <--social networking about to be put to the test
Got my Vlados today !!
Good morning! How is your day going so far?
& if i die before i wake, i pray to God my soul to take.
Halloween weekend!
Get me outta here
I Love Her Beyond WORDS !
Perhaps that's the cause of their daily stat on new users? ;)
The second one.
Fun fact from : Puma and Adidas were started by brothers.
I need to try a different kind anyways
yep. We are. Jud is speaking tomorrow afternoon and both of us wed morn. You going at some point?
Gym visit happened...feel pretty good about it...less sore now. Also positive...have lost 12 pounds since early February.
If an actual bombshell who tweets brilliantly follows me, I'll probably block her reflexively...
Hey ain't already called "The Big Aristotle?"
Totally got 3rd place in a 3r on Lock today, can u say 335 dollars?
Many prayers to the Ohio shooting victims, families and all those involved
Bizarre! Looking for funding for mfg startup. To manufacture in USA. USA investors all saying they want to do mfg in China rather than US.
On the bus going to North Ave. beach for a cold, wet evening of volleyball. You won't hear me complain.
Thursday poetry is off the hook!! :P #TongueThursday :P
- thanks for the follow Byron!
Peace to all and to all a g'nite... :)
Colored Paper
Now a group of women perform a play about domestic violence.
Saw you were also a fan of I just found out they're coming this Friday. Thought I might go say hello. Interested?
Ashley's doesn't brew their own, but they carry a large selection on-tap, fwiw.
Also like when everyone says snopocalypse, and nothing happens.
Starting my week out right with some peach cobbler homemade by
At work. . . Can't wait till tonight :)
Its 11pm, do u know where your pants are
I'm reading The Skeptic, Terry Teachout's bio of Mencken. Worth a read, but Mencken undoubtedly tells his own story better.
I bet you shower naked. You slut ;) :P :D HAHA
site down -- server got crashed! relaunching
how did your golf game go?
Just saw a sweet routine from on ! Cant wait to see it in a few weeks with !
yea but can u kiss a guy thats 5ft 11in
Make you voice heard. nosocialsecuritycuts.com. Sign the resolution
good luck! You'll do well!
#oomfNeedsTo start making time for me before its too late.
RT : Dumb ppl who take shit too far <<<<<
Counting down the hours until the LAST ROMANOV launches !! I am so EXCITED! See you at 7pm! Dora Levy Mossanen
I feel ya!
Thanks tweet buddies ,,,,,,
I Only have too dreams 1)To meet chris brown 2)for him to tweet me back or follow me
Loaders always look like loaders
happy twi-birthday! It really is pretty amazing. I () will be at 4 years in December.
It's awesome how happy you are about coasting through school by cheating
Im just trynna be happy and successful in life. simple as that
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
So today i received to shocking yet exciting news..
Finally off work getting brakes fixed on my car *tired wants to take a nap*
My Damn Head Is Pounding Ugh
haha okay and I did pretty good on my interview didn't I? Hahah
e-mail me and I will e-mail you information on my sandless sandbags. They are new to the U.S. and widely used in Europe.
had I seen it I would have ripped it to pieces and urinated on the remains
MTV Movie Awards Mania Kicks Off With Sneak Peek Week
You're going to Grant's concert right?
"The only man who has freedom, is he who has victory in death." ~ Elisha Hale
u should follow
Should you have higher standards for yourself than you do yourself? Or the same standards?
hell yes!
I know you are but what am I?
It's horrible that Ryan Dunn died:( RIP
Clippers advance past round 1 what a great day for the organization. I want OKC to beat the Lakers but imagining LAL vs LAC is so fun
"Communication Rules the Nation" I can't stand those who don't understand it's value.
:) still love to watch him play watched him since his freshmen year.
Downie would hit it!! RT “: enter my body” hahaha let's try to keep this PG please and thanks"
Have a great week and Christmas celebration with your great family...thank you for your hard work and inspiration!
"I am a DIVA" chanting to my self, LOL.
Get on my level...cause u basic
you should follow me I support team Tyrrell ;)
i'll be here al night
will you be showing UFC tonight in the poker room (high limit area)?
Send me al the Vicals I'll master Em for you bro
seriously! Is there a reason for the #purpletie? Seen them on too!
well, you can thank idiot voters who refuse to pony up even a fraction of a percent for new taxes to pay for things like education.
quit being so #hot god damnit! That is unless you move to #Milwaukee or # Chicago haha. #haveagoodnight :)
"Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom." - Theodore Isaac Rubin
Including a Twitpic of a sad baby.
"I VOLUNTEER A TRIBUTE" to be the brunette you hit on next (;
I'm done trying to produce for you. I've chosen the wrong apprentices.
Thanks! The contest is so much fun for us :)
Thank you for filling the house on Christmas Eve at Yoshi's San Francisco. Sending much love to you all.
I am sorry for the troubles you are having. I am not currently showing server-based issues. ^CS
space shuttle launches never cease to amaze me. after about only a minute - 4000 mph, 55 miles in altitude
#NW once upon a time :O the season finale is getting soo good!!!!
Ok.. WTF is this new followers page?!
RT : Celebrate National Library Week w/ me as I tweet about my job as part of FLA Virtual Job Sharing -
Locating various cords and adapters. Syncing, charging, and updating all the things. Wasn't technology supposed to make life simpler? :-S
Someone needs to text me the answers tomorrow!!! ;D
Sabres Vs Flyers almost ready to start.... I will try to keep you updated as much as possible.
everytime I seen you you always had a serious face lol
Insane Clown Posses always search for apartments on domu. Didn't you know?
So the general consensus is that Donald Trump is a twat right?
Our office celebrated Administrative Professionals Day yesterday - looking forward to meeting with the backbone of our team this pm!
was wondering where you've been all day!
I want some breakfast
surgery tomorrow
at 651pm i start cpr what i find out did come in hand but the good god take her but in the 29 yr i know the best mother in law ever was
Dads can be dicks seriously.
nope, I'm still gross & sick. But thanks for asking :)
I feel so lazy every single day. Just been sleeping
yeah add me jerry77wayne
RT La Lupe had the voice of a goddess but her soul was bitter... Eye squinting bitter
I bet they ain't said nothing!
Stronger than I look. Still not very strong.
Clouds?! What clouds?? Clear and sunny!! We in #Miami B%&@$!!!
Can't beat Betty White! Love it!
so I smell like laundry.
Steelers fans, you would be nice to if he comes with me to Steelers/ravens in pgh, right? Even ravens fans should exp renegade
Happy April or january or, whatever.
thanks guys!! ;o)
Thanks for RT, Aaron. Probably won't do anything tomorrow. I'm off work. :)
Here at the Schnitz it's halftime... Looking at the stage wishing was gonna bust out her moves with Nat Cole
Hey, in some states tobacco is a vegetable! Just trying to help.
lol...well i was i taught anything of that nature shud be taken softly
Loved the internet safety class today
In 1 hour I will be waiting behind the start line to gone go off for 10K race, yeaks!!
I feel ya bro
DUMBASS TURNOVERS.. COME ON DUDE.. YOU AINT IN HIGHSCHOOL
omg & cracked me up on last nights #SNL show!! #LMFAO #LOL #YES but YOU'RE NOT FUNNY!!!
Un fucking believable!!!
I don't get how people are afraid of clowns
Can't fight against the youth.
So the cute guy from another school can't make it to my graduation :/ i'm glad he wanted to come(: hopefully me n him hit up the gay bars xD
RT : Satan is NOT creative. he attacks your same weaknesses. Stop letting him defeat you!
Happy Friday everyone
A lot of this feels like we are NOT making the SME a team member.
why CAN'T you follow me
On the calendar! Happy holidays back.
“I'm not a vegetarian! I'm a dessertarian!” <U+2015> Bill Watterson
Pews are full here at IA and elsewhere, too. Glad my Simmons colleagues are joining in virtually!
They will love having you back - and of course, having your help. My favorite student puts on her hood next week....sniffle.
Currently listening to: Kliff talking about Tolkien lit. Next stop--truck stop.
I texted you
You're off the charts! How's life? Mining program going good? Softball coming up? fill me in
:) I am really trying not to do it. Cooking a pound cake equals EATING at least two slices of pound cake.
Do I win a prize?
Sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep. Someone come play with my hair now. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
the flesh and my own desires to seek obedience and hear His desires :) nothing more worth that!
Thanks foxy! You're sweet.
Hohohohoho!!!! Evil #EnglishTeacher laugh. Using Facebook to create a group story. Each person adding a line. I tricked them all!!! Mwahaha!
I bet on Teetotaler to win.
Practicing my script.... why is tryin to change his lines?
i thought it was going to but it didnt! i was like waiting for it to hurt but it never did, even when he colored it in!
I still think the muppets would have rocked as hosts
I miss and love you too!!(: Mann, y'all blew upp my phone!!(:
I'm doing the same. Make sure to have something good to snack on ;) RT: Time to get grading! I'll be here all weekend...
It's Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
Metta World Peace returns Ga,e 7.
i know right.(:
M drunk... ruining diet and crave ice cream. 7/11 seems so far away. The bed in the next room seems so far away.
i'ma take what's minee & you can't stop me
#OutOfUrMind if you are not watching this episode
Is it true that Rick Perry is dropping out of the race, and now support Gingrich? Good or Bad for the GOP?
Put it in the books, 8-0,
Forget starving Africa. Looks like LA could use a lot of sandwiches.
thanks! Me too :)
did u make that? You're adorable!! #excited??
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked. ~ Erich Segal
Keys open doors. And Bricks open windows!!!
May get a sun burn while waiting outside court for Jennifer Hudson
Am I the only one that gets bored when I'm not working?
You're either a very late-night tweeter, or very early.... Or you're stateside again!
I will be there!!! SO looking forward to it!!! :)
First day at the new job today!
Gonna go bike & get my head off things...
‘if u hate them ur jealous of them!’ no i just hate them
The concert tonight was amazing! Always great to see one of your idols performing live. He's one of the few real artists left!
nice. I have yet to play with it.
Ole girl had 5 teeth. 3 in her mouth, 2 in her pocket. Lol
We are proud to announce that Desert BMW of Henderson & Las Vegas were awarded with the prestigious BMW Center of Excellence!
WHERE WERE YOU
My brother is a freaking butt face
AMA is awesome!
We are open and ready to help you get your holiday treats!
True of every restaurant RT : Dinner at Bluestem was great, but I imagine it's even more delightful for meat eaters.
Thanks Tom, I sent out the wrong link. Thanks for the heads up! I appreciate it!
99.9% Of My Brain Contains Victoria Justice Stuff ... The Rest is, Oh Wait, Still <3
I don't even wanna listen to music right now I just hope she calls to fill the silence
Is freezing her bun off (pun intended) at
sounds painful. Eating prunes should help.
Russell Brand giving brilliant testimony before UK Parliament drug policy committee on C-SPAN.
True dat sista. RT life is way too short to drink
nice blessings 2 U :)
Eating grapefruit may indeed impact insulin levels, speed up metabolism and lead to weight loss say researchers
I mean the session u r facilitating later
Still don't believe that 'winking' and 'criticizing' are mutually exclusive.
All I wants for christmas ! Jajajajaja... Maria Careh ! That bitch ...
Imagine periods didn't turn girls into mental cases. Fuck this shit, I hate being a girl.
wings at 8?
Beware the #IdesofMarch! The jaws that bite, the claws that catch! Beware the Jubjub bird, & shun The frumious Bandersnatch! Shkspr/Carroll
Flyers Business Casual today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
i got a pair..come get'em
I multitask well.
Now remove all evidence ;) x
: iron sharpens iron, my friend.
thanks! I hope you like it, it is super delicious! :)
Lovely to meet you as well! Here's hoping we see each other again in the near future under less awkward circumstances! :)
Wade juss said "Gimme that Melo!!"
pretty freaking cray. And over Kendrick Perkins, so that's a plus.
Here's to a stellar New Year! Have fun and be safe tonight!
I love how when I post something I think is humorous on facebook, my mother replies with a practical solution to the problem.
Can somebody please buy Kodak,so that the workers can move on with life.
Wishaing I was at the range instead of infront of the computer. I love my new 40, fits like a glove. I'm still working on how light it is.
I used to love flying...
More KOOL-AID is sold the week right before and the week after the 4th of July than any other period during the year
A few months ago I wrote an email script which accidentally emailed every school principal in New Jersey. Twice. Technology: not even once.
Me too!I love I'm her big Fan and I love :) Do you like ?
Ah... it's frustrating....
i think you should do "move like jagger" by maroon 5 and christina
thank you! Now following you back as well :)
Applying For Jobs So I Can Take You Places <U+2708><U+2708><U+2708> #HappilyTaken <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Why would you want someone who doesn't love you? You deserve to be adored.
I've got my team working on a good face for me... please stayed turned! It will be worth the wait and #GoMagic today!
Definitely playing a different game this second half against Turkey. The 4 subs made a huge difference.
no -_- it won't happen
that would be such a good show! I just saw Kelly Clatkson a month ago, she was amazing! I need to get a plan together ASAP! Haha.
More play-off games today! Who do you think will win? Steelers or Broncos? Falcons or Giants?
What have I done to make twitter think I ought to be following both (a vampire hunter) and (Russell Brand)?
Here we go. RT : Interesting take for a guy who works for a channel that handicaps fiscal health of businesses.
Tomorrow, Oct. 31 is Halloween in the U.S.! Happy Halloween to all our readers from Latin Beat Magazine!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 10
I think Ax Men is 90% set up now.
I'm up and not in a very good damn mood because of some asshole.....uuuuggggghhhhhhh....I am going to go get a pedi so I can relax....
Wholesale Pendants Necklaces Gemstone Semi-precious stone- pendants necklaces
....but also, & hopefully I'm not too much of a putz for asking, but I finished cleaning up my script
Change is a sign of life!
Satan gets nervous around most of the Real Housewives.
Who makes eggs and waffles at this time at night? This
he has been off man. I can talk to him Tuesday when he come back
Ugh should not have eaten that third cookie...
cleaned my room , I feel accomplished .
The way to move on is to realize that time keeps going and every moment is a new beginning.
all of them
RT First time in team history two Broncos have been named AFC Special Teams player of the Month. Prater won in Sept.
Just met with This could be the future of marketing. Very cool.
then you shoulda came to Tucson with us!
Awh. I'm sorry.
cheers for that...good result!
Fellow River Dell HS alum! RT : Make sure u join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today. Follow him at
Love that! You just alleviated a whole ton of food-related guilt. Thank you.
WILD ideas are better than MILD ideas...
Put your important #relationships at the top of your priority list!
Today starts da marriage thang I need a partner
sorry. It was with fam.
If our children are the road to the future, then Leadership is their cement to success. www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com
Nothing, just about to go out with a friend.
Something about sleeping to the rain gives me the best sleep n even better if it's not alone Ha for real love the rain
We are discussing the merrits of home insulation at oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com Join me there to find out more!
thank you! Thank you for coming in!
It's only after someone is gone do you realize how much you miss them.
I did some things with html... and the things I wanted to happen, happened. Nobody's more surprised than me.
friend told me I should use blender to get the fiber from the juice. Says not eating that is big waste/sad :( #doyou think so?
Will you be in the Lawrenceville area visting family for the holidays? Give us a call for special holiday rates!!!
ha she was funny lol!!
I cheer for the biz. I cheer for 7 games.
We need to start designing shirts for THATCamp
Fuk a slap box fade!
That's a good thing to be influential about. Love me some Jamba Juice.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 86
I have a presentation in the morning that I am pretty amped about.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Not to be cheap, but $29/mo hosting for just my one site? I'm not running multiple client sites.
I didn't at first but it really grew on me, now I like almost all of his stuff
Academic paper title of the year: "Gur, Ghur, Guhr or Bur? The quest for a metalliferous prime matter in early modern times"
I've thought the Nets for a little bit, because they'll have some cap space and need another big name up there.
Hmm just one flight tomorrow?
I think I'm pretty lucky. Especially since I put you on that cloud last night. I think it is deserved.
it's a tad unfair triage/priority-wise it seems a little unfair, those it hurts will never know
Feeling blessed today to be back on the set of Hawaii 5-0. Should be a fun shoot!
Child, holding toys: "I've got 3 girls and one guy." Me: "That sounds like a good night to me."
Think I will be going to Milwaukee this thursday
See you next year knicks
Not looking like a good day for baseball down here at
Don't have to be at work til 12:30 so I'm going to work out all morning.....
Oh the people I
I wanna be a plus size model
eating lunch with the family...
Loving the fact that I didn't work today because we had a SNOW DAY! Truth is...there was no snow; just ice that melted before 7:00 a.m.! Hah
I knew it haha
Will you run from what you see?
And Jose Valverde ruins Verlander's outstanding start. Wow. Wishing I didn't draft Papa Grande in my fantasy draft now.
Today is wanna them days that make wanna call a ex girlfriend...
MSU Band directed by Reggie Thomas
I'm partial to number 1, myself.
Haha...there's no limit! Well, expect for us. They have to be done by our 5pm news!
lmfao ya ass got knocked tf down!!
Tailgating happens at every game plays there, I see no reason it wouldnt be allowed...
I love my girlfriend :)
As do I. Health care is a strange environment.
I fucking hate this bipolar weather. #freezing >.<
Ok...coffee.
Aaaawww... she's really cute in that dress :))
if nicki minaj deleted her twitter why can't I take the screen name nickiminaj
Figures... I turn on the game in the 13th and it ends. Come on Cubs... Triple play to keep this going!
you are a very strange person
It's a pity that there have been so many loud talkers in this session. #erl12 #curation. Srsly, shush.
how many times have we heard that
great show last night @ turner hall! Can't wait to see u back in the fall with #wreckyourlife tour!
there should be a pull down to let you do that.
Tomorrow is the big day!! #PrettyLittleLiars Halloween Episode!!
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. – John C. Maxwell
I use to think I knew exactly what I wanted but now I don't know anymore.
hi... he is i will say hello x
It's true, she is the best! RT Best haircut of my life. Rinse in North Park. Ask for Shannon.
Time to go support my lil sis in her play @ Tpac!
Just used Google's +1 button to "like" a new blog, Rescuing Reading - worth checking out if your kids use the Lexile system
Guess what? Idgaf
lol xD i'll admit in the beginning i thought Faye was a little crazy but she grew on me as the show progressed :)
A huge thank you to all of you swappers who came out to Vintage Uptown today! We had a blast!! And and Cloud Candi too!
American version of Top Gear is pathetic. Kind of like the US version of girl with the dragon tattoo.
he gave me a high five And autographed my poster and said he liked my shirt (it had him on it) !!
Stunner of a day! Hope your all enjoying!!!!
Sometimes you just got to sit back, put your headphones on, and just chill. Life gets busy, but music is always there.
Anyone looking for MTN's or Looking to get into a P? call 503-437-8559
I love ma baby yep yep I love u boy!!
The shoes!!!!
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid. And if you could do it better than me, then you do it. -Kanye West
I'm really into Han Noodle on Monroe Ave lately, especially the crab rangoons and anything with beef in it has a great flavor.
Great news for Arne Sorenson is a real leader. Congratulations!
We'll have to catch up sometime. Lots happening! ;)
My son is going 2join me on his first away "biz" trip:
What L.A. history topics do you want us to explore next in our weekly series for ?
But there's still so much available for me, and the digital collection is still growing :)
we're entering St. George now lol
Would love to but hitting fundraiser for close friend. Have fun while you're in town!
where at??!
Its Spring break and i aint got nun to do on this green earth man i wanna go to the resiviore or the sand dunes somethin cuz im :o so bored
I DON'T WANT TO EVER THINK IT'S COOL TO HAV ME ON HOLD FOR MORE THAN 10 SECS
is this 's panel, or another?
Whats up new followers! Talk to us!!! (^_^)
Miley Cyrus is my idol! I dont care if she makes a million mistakes, everyone does. Selena is just a famewhore.
global economy
The Cast of #ThinkLikeAMan is on CAU campus right now!
#Packers fans watching the #SeniorBowl should pay attention to Vinny Curry and Shea McClellin. Both could be options in the
OK. Those are good treats. Hope the kidlettes enjoy them.
He should come to my school. Kidding, but still. It's so true though.
Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end.
Every family was to be furnished with a homestead allowance of not less than one-third the average family wealth of the country.
Next weekend is Memorial Day weekend. Are you going out of town, or making it a staycation?
I just walked up Denny Hill from Seattle Center to 15th. I am clearly insane. And sweaty.
Another gameday, another W. Let's keep it rollin boys
i know abit about that 2 i went to school on 63rd and black stone
happy easter and everyone else!
So glad he's there to makeme smile<3
Sharing information at the Masonic Home in Union City. The residence have wonderful stories to tell.
I been stuck on that for the longest
Everyone please go and follow and check out the site and make some orders for the upcoming season :D
Wow! What school is Loyd from Abby?
Why You Gotta Be Such A Dick ?
Waiting for KD vs Black Mamba game to cum on they my two favorite players!!!!
Omg I feel like a zombie. What a long weekend
you're in like, 7th/8th grade. stop saying you're forever alone
laying around in need of sex
fly me to the moon
Having a hard time knocking out so ill work extra hours! Dedication!!
hahaha I'd eat that shit up we should go 4 at bats a piece that would be fun I haven't played baseball in a while
Tired if it. Something's gotta give.
no problem, my niece plays for GC and we are back in GC watching you online!!
weird how little outrage there is over injustice to an American compared to the Kony campaign.someone call Bieber.
Jus pretend whoever im fighting is someone in life I dont like.... AND POW! Knock that motherfucker out!
awesome!! It gets better every season
I mean that works too, but I just thought the avengers was so good we should see it for the second time ! #yeah?
Only you can take the widows cry and cause her heart to sing.
It's always easier to get out of bed when it's sunny!
<3 RT Happy Birthday to my new friend and you're the best because said so!
Made the 1:10 train out of Franconia-Springfield, thanks to mad dash through station. Me & crochet bag, must have been a sight.
looking for some good coupons? Check out this website: www.Groupon.com/San-Diego they post awesome coupons on a daily basis!
Nastasia, let it go. Its just a cake.
I am so exhausted. Bleh. -K
Early Bird tickets going fast at $35.00. Don't be the one to miss out on your early bird tickets to the hottest concert in El Paso TX, REIK
So thankful for everyone's attendance at our first race yesterday! It was the muddiest race we've seen in a long time - and so much fun!
#TheRock wins again. (:
when is coming out??
good luck! :)
I've never seen this where they sweep and then squeegee the water off the tarp. Strangely entertaining.
wasn't aware we had skipped 90 years that quickly
While packing my backpack for the first day of school, I've come to realize that I didn't buy any notebooks. Heres to a great semester!
Good question. All have strengths. RT : Who do you trust with your photos, docs, etc.? Microsoft, Google, Dropbox, Mozy, Carbonite?
Today when someone drops something try shouting "Jenga"
AS i KILL ALL PLAYS.
The UK has spent over $135 million on translation services in the last 3 years.
. is working on a vision of the library as a place to make things and do things
Most teens get pregnant at 4pm when they get home from school, says William Greenwald
i want to go to this.
This game is getting old pretty quick
my kitty
its a grocery store
When you're stone-cold-sober, guess what drunk people are? Super hilarious!
RT <U+2665> "Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise." ~ Sigmund Freud
Finishing up the last of The Brice Frillici project!
sure thing. YOU MUST ;D haha xx
Follow us on and I Promise we're active again! Looking for new followers to chat with!
Thanks for joining us y'day & thanks for picking up the Betty's Bettie's calendar. We like Xmas your way!
how r u
Really i think I like who I'm becoming. There's times where I do it just do it like it's nothing.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Having tons of contacts is starting to work great in this racing world!!
Brand new video http:/Youtu.be/OzqY5u1H2tU
Once upon a time I looked up to you, but today I realize that you're as tied up in rhetorical bashing as everyone.
a couple on my block got a lab puppy some time ago. He was tiny at first, didn't see them for a while, then he was huge!
Best Year Ever!
Love AirYell. Thank you all for your continued support. FYI - We are a sister company to Yellow Pages Directory, LLC. Please share it
oh ok. Mine doesn't let me update it anymore :/
Studio Today. Im too hype
Listen in NOW and share your thoughts about what you consider to be the most significant problems, needs or interests in the community.
Luggage arrived at 4:30 am. What are you thinking, American Airlines? People need to sleep after traveling all day.
Open Mic tonight.
Some1 send me that yelling Bosh/Ostrich/Emu pic please
Exactly. And they treated me like it was MY fault and I was an idiot for being upset about it. Not at all accommodating.
Loved HUGO in 3D! Now I want to get the book....
Hey did u go to skool ? 0.o
you so handsome dice
if you dig Pak Chan-wook's Oldboy, you gotta see the 2 others in his revenge series-Sympathy for Lady Vengeance & Thirst
Gym! Sleep when you retire!!
i.e. missing Wavves
can't wait to come back home..... school just kills me.
lmaoo u caught me haha, I'm scared everybody sleeping, I heard something fall in the other room haha
cant sleep (:
When I tweet about Kobe, I always get a random person telling me to "get a ring" as if they were with Kobe shootin' in the gym. *Ross grunt*
Diablo's Cookers will be at Skol Casbar on March 17th selling $20 wristbands for the Strawberry Festival in May. 1701 Webster St, Hou 77003.
good recommendation! that's where i went. thanks! i don't think they have outlets though. ha.
": To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. –Confucius via "
“: happy mother's day to you too!!!!!!”thank you Love!
Are there any karaoke songs about zucchini?
what ever happend to Disco Stu
Only in NYC: eleven year old boys singing the praises of high-end macarons.
good to know
Happy Friday!
Wanna ride in a limo with #TFC and a bunch of liquor.
So 'discreetly', he basically told me he likes me, but i'm too young. Fmllllllllllllllllll
If a dog's prayers were answered, bones would rain from the sky. —Proverb
no day at the beach in Central fla. 400 plus stung by jellyfish over holiday weekend
Very happy that I went to , loved the session on shaping the future of the Baltimore arts scene. More international artists!
im in panama city beach just got my belly button peirced and went sky coasting lol it was amazing!!!!!! <3
Oh really? A budding flosser? Shoot an email and she'll invite you.
RT : Spring-cleaning Tips: Spring cleaning is a seasonal tradition that can give your home a boost as you gear up for......
My wife says: "we're having corn on the cobb so that Randall will get a TD." I think we are having corn every game. Great return.
made my day today ! (:
oh sorry <U+E403>
VERY Early Clark County (Las Vegas), NV. numbers Sharron Angle 48% -- Harry Reid 40%
": Picking up a cake from My new found treasure :)". Thanks Brittany! ...our New favorite follower :-)
Guardsman event tonite. Poor decisions will be made.
I was bad. Very bad. All the Doctor Who/Torchwood dolls yesterday and an Ellowyne and Mallymkun the Mouse.
Yeah what he said RT : LETS FUCKING GO
Gamecast is now awarding 8 hits for every actual hit lol
I'd get it If people were mad about the lack diversity on the executive level of businesses as opposed to the cast of "Girls"#really?
Happy 18th birthday , your finally legal :D
what date u back?
Putting them in the bag
yup...same thing at the urinals...no guy sits next to each other or stands directly next to another at the urinal
Good morning everyone
I can;t find it o3o
today is my 18th birthday ya
Happy Easter! All branches will be closed on Sunday.
nothing u
They say the truth hurts...I guess I was never told the truth
Thanks for the follow! Good luck with the two kiddos today!
thanks...so glad we can follow each other online...this is fun!
WV Northern CC sponsors electronic drop-off - State Journal
the worst version too RT : It means she's tease playing a mental version of Just The Tip.
Yes! I finally got the kids I'm babysitting to sleep! (:
I've yet to get into the #instagram craze...what's going on?
I met Mitt Romney at the Vancouver Olympics. I joked with him about his Schwarzenegger prank call. He laughed.
But now, I think I got it. It came to me while I was listening to the last track on the album and it had that ka-thunk feeling.
the only source of caffeine my body intook was from soda, and since I gave it up I literally have had no energy.
Apparently ridiculous hair and clothes are a big part of the future
"Can I get a little help from my friends?"...I feel as though this is the song Romney sings alone to his copy of Forbes magazine...
I'm doing good baby hru? RT I got u boo.. hru?
it was creepy at church without you because of my stalker!!
Yeah, you're cool because you party with 12 year olds.
Laying here listening to my music just in that mood
haha yeah, we didn't have school today
FFB First Financial Bank has a fabulous credit card with 9.99% interest. See me if you want to get rid of your high interest rate cards.
Getting ready to do more Juju music videos with the guys from Flatland Productions! !!!
5 Minutes Time-lapse TITANIC 3D Drawing - rose art paper
and I am all over that Vegan Orange Mocha <3 Made Vegan Spaghetti and soyballs last night and the boys didn't even know :)
miss me yet?? By next friday you're going to be in full denial!
it ain't easy being cheesy
Hold on to your shorts! We come back on the 31st and have a contest in the works.
I wanna fly to Paris..... who wanna come.... we fly free
A sad state of affairs lady. Get in here. RT : both! It's been too pizza-less 'round here
Thanks so much for the painting RT Stefan, you're awesome! Have a great weekend.
you were amazing last night benefit. Mentees couldn't believe it was really you sitting there. THANK YOU!!!!
I wanna go to spencer's and get me a shirt...
flip flops were a bad idea today, my feet are cold
The Weibo post was there when I checked last night; it's gone now.
Oh ok i was wondering RT : I think it was a mistake
Somehow you left me neglected.
Switch Paps out now we may still win!
We love you and are all routing for you in Connecticut!!! Congrats Again, guess it's becoming routine now...
Jill Grogg on negotiation: If you don't have much to lose, you can leverage like Archimedes.
hey babe...was up
1st: student presentation on economics of "A League of Their Own": baseball as a public good: non-excludable, non-rivalrous.
Just Give Him the Whale!:20 Ways to Use Fascinations Areas of Expertise and Strengths to Support Students with Autism by Kluth and Schwarz
nice job next to the
it's like my body knows i have a massage tomorrow - and that's why it's all sore tonight.
Ohh i love sixth hour(: science &social studies homework :/ then xbox maybe? <FixMyHeart;*>
He's awesome and I'm glad Cory is getting some International appeal.
thanks for RT my friend!! Your post today made me blush.
Btw that 37k on temple run was my 5 yr old sister messing with my moms phone and she hit tweet..
$2 dollar tuesday! Oops late tweet. Those darn bridges have perfect timing! Actually just need to get up earlier
How are black churches on MLK doing good things in your community? What can they do for the community?
moderation/balance is key! I'll do another show but not anytime soon. I threw up all day Sunday & had a migraine for 2 days
this would only be amusing if i was studying for finals and not already graduated.
A toast for the douchebags
Westchester is the county just north of New York City. I will check out your project. Thanks for sharing and good luck!
you fell for the idol shit so shtthfkp
haha I'm glad you entertain yourself & us in awkward situations xD
Yes, for sure! You're up early huh?
I'm not expecting any delays in the A, S, S, (Shuttles in Time's sq and Bk). I had Mexican last night.
Our debut record: Get Suryayas On. (Nerd alert: Suryaya is "Syriac" in Syriac.)
Technology + human interaction to measure social. IOW, numbers useless w/o interpretation. Both quant and qual.
They said they we needed another social media person and that's what we are working on too...
I'm just not that smart! How are you tweeting at work?? :O
"The worse a person is the less he feels it." ~Seneca
Lakers got their asses whooped last year, and this season is no different. They can't make any kind of a statement.
JAY'S EARING AT 3:00. BRO, OMG. HE LOOKS SO SEXY.
QoTD: "Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. ...
Yeah, sure.
It is nice just having a handful of followers, kind of like having a family :)) On YAA, it's hard to keep up with almost 600 followers.
thank you:)
what's up Trace ? ciroc Vodka and red berry lemonade upon your return... Be safe my friends..
Do I need to break down the etymology of "liberal" to any conservatives who scream about freedom all day and then vote to ban something??
you're welcome, check out our fb too, we're dropping our EP at midnight!
RT Who's this Tim Tebow everyone speaks of ;)
Very cool to hear that former MNSpeaker was among the winners of 2012 MN Book Award. Woot.
Those who care about sex more than anything will never understand the true concept of love.
I have no idea which one is bottom and which is top. I'm scared for both of them.
That's a nice gate, dude.
Tribute to Leslie Nielsen #2: "Well, we had a choice, steak or fish. Yes, yes, I remember, I had lasagna." Airplane, 1980.
We are going online soon and will be shipped anywhere in the US. Be on the look out
Drinking tea with Syl and Rich! Sasha is at her brother's. :(.
Did really just call herself a brat in an email to me? Far from true, but fresh dose of comedic relief to my Monday.
Fuck I missed 11:11, not like my wishes come true anyway
Thank you for thewonderful walk and conversation,and thanks for the sorbet
the fish reach & nab ryan tannehill at #8. delicious fish.
happy #FF everyone lets share the love!
I'm living my life while I still can, not caring about the looks I get. How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a shit?
Curation is the future of the Internet, not just YouTube. With so much info, meaningful, human connections matter. Great keynote,
Don't view fat as an inhibitor to your ideal wellness- it is an invaluable energy store that will fuel you toward reaching your goals!
I get messed up knowing nobody uses Skype or gchat like they used AIM when I was in grade school and Facebook chat when I was in college.
Workin another all nighter! Cant stop this grind!
I guess I should start my homework…
2cloud would beat you.
yeah wussup i heard u looking for a background designer.
which one is bebas?
Best books I read in 2011: Unbroken, These is My Words, Room, Bossypants, Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hunger Games, & Catching Fire. Yours?
Having sex once a week can improve your immune function by 30%.
Lets go bring us a victory!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin so cool to see in the awesome owner!!!
I love your SONGS!!)
Headed back to Madison after a long day of canvassing for
the plays are wonderful but honestly the food after is a bit over priced and not as good as the restaurants in town.
Are you still in sit?
Kobe getting points from the line. Hehe
wasn't he the lead
lol nigga do what you do and shake some ass for you get kicked tf out !
HAHA El Buki. I totally see that
Uh oh lol ->“:Sounds like Mario's comfort level with the area is one of the final pieces in getting a deal done with Buffalo...”
Thanks Albert :)
Jason stathom is a beast
props to you, cud. love the new sound on #WZRD. can't wait for your next tour #boston!
Math class :D heck yeah! Hahaha? Jk. :P
okay..u coming tonight??...call me..
You should tell Nick to do choreography to "Mercy" by Kanye~~SICK SONG ;)
Live 30 Rock!
: I like my glow-in-the-dark Bellicose Bunny a lot. Long Live The Bunny!!!
need to see on tour this summer.
oh man. Nice.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Today is Wino Wednesday!
go Pats tonight!
thanks man!
And this weekend I am ready to take over Downtown Oakland. :D
: & I are going to the midnight showing in Santa Clara w/my friend & friends but all are welcome!
Cant wait for the #TheOffice and #Parksandrecreation tonight
I've never been so happy to be sick in bed.
Happy Halloween!
Aw crap is it intern time again already?
Had a wonderful weekend of ministry in NY and MA, and looking forward to Thanksgiving. Good to be home. :)
no, you love me to much.
how is it I live in Dallas and got out but not one viewing of Khloe, go to Ny to shop and dine at The Lion and see Kim?
“: Five minutes of communication can save a year's worth of turmoil and misunderstanding.” - well said Jay!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Andy Pitz
You could if we had a store! We are web only and the stock is all in Beacon, NY.
What does this new shift in living alone mean for the future, ? Listen within the hour...and ALOUD 2mrw nite
Heading into my biometrics appointment with Homeland Security. I have no idea what this means.
Happy Leap Day!
I know this would be very hot scene: and !
lol alright I guess i'll be there this fall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Many thanks, my friend.
the one with the jacket ?
I know :( I never pop my fingers though
Still don't understand how the #Clips pulled that one out... I don't even think #CP3 believed it at the end. Great game.
Pride is here! Let's get this party started...
Happy Birthday to my new favorite friend!!! <3
I know some people don't like him personally I liked him a lot
what's up, Wes my friend!!
I know exactly how you feel.
out in limbo.
nice. Any funny protocol you wanna share? lol. We have plenty at my work haha
so excited!!!
cur girl feelin me
Congratulations to the first Anthony Shadid Journalism of Ethics Award given to Steven T. Lovejoy.
Christmas movies and homework all day! Something I love and something I hate.... I guess it kinda balances out.
Hello Hya Def Records i am an artist and I would love to send you my music, I am responding to your message. Thank you:)
Love this new newsletter! The Team Write-ups section is was a very nice Mon morning read! :)
hope you make another song you are talented like china anne you can sing dance and your funky,fresh,&fun! glad to be with you
Who was YOUR Amazing Teacher? Upload a video .com about an Amazing Teacher who changed your life.Thanks for sponsoring!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. - Anne Frank
I must say, I'm watching Clippers-Grizzlies with some real interest given what + RTed earlier.
When I am spiritually at peace with myself no one can or will bring me down
doing well! Gainfully employed and looking for more clients while organizing material from teens... You? :)
Scrabble is the only game where bad luck makes you feel like a perpetual moron for hours.
is doing it or am I doing it?
so far its great!
Focus on leadership today. Are you leading your company with vision and passion? Who do you need to become to be a leader? Join SBBS today!
I'll be praying for a speedy recovery for your dad.
that's just plain crazy ... but i guess.
hoodie or shirt fam?
Win 1 of 3 copies of Don't Blink by James Patterson audio #books! #Giveaway ends 10/15
lol... U didn't miss much. We would be two broke strippers if that was our profession lol
I Hear Music Concert tickets on sale now at 513.621.ARTS Friday May. 18th,2012.
uh yeah. After i sent you four messages.
Boom goes the Dy-No-Mite! Dang. That's nice.
MISS YOU TOO HONEY BOO BOO!
Damn I hate when I lose money but I kno I'm goin make that back
Or not have relish! Really RT It should be a criminal offense for a WV hot dog joint to run out of sweet tea.
& thanks for the goodluck wishes!
i just need a little time to get my mind right
lol your dad
ayye accept my follow request so i can see that pic
All you tweeps in OKC out tonight, be safe, ......and help us get #BedlamMudRun trending tonight! Retweet if your excited for April 14!
That was some funny stuff right there! And I really mean it - not just saying it because you're awesome. :)
“Being realistic is the most common path to mediocrity.”
Damn it! I got a run in my stocking!
there's times where you're not on my mind that much, & other times where you hella are. you're on my mind at the moment. :o <3 ?
Wrestlemania is gonna be crazy. I can't wait to see it!!!
Exam is like a "D-ck" when its hard everybody gets f-cked
Acnes and Oxys are my all time favorite
The iPhone does not fair well with magnetic forces like external speakers.
carbon fiber hood on your camry? man it must haul ass
Cancer Fact of the Day: Smokers are more than twice as likely to get bladder cancer as nonsmokers.
Hey follow me I'm obsessed with baseball too!!! I'll be there tomorrow nights game!!
Aw yea, I work in sanford at Liz's new store. Idk if you ever worked with her, I lose track haha. And yea, slacking off :)
Back at shop...been running around all day preparing for build!!
has it really been two years already??
Loving ! Got me a fuzzy bush and an egg sandwich since recommended it on
Happy Birthday!
so.... i like pedobear :D
Here we go! ": Enroute to a solid forget! With "
I know, right?
wasn't it a spectacular evening..honoring the hard work of so many wonderful people!!
Classes start tomorrow - I'm considering starting off with Michael Scott's "Four kinds of business" speech from The Office.
Hey there's a leap day this week! Let's leap with a #DCDrinkUp! 6P at We The Pizza on Wednesday!
Surprised my laptop still works, it's been dropped at the floor atleast 4 times now.
Contact us today for all of your legal needs. www.marylandtoplawyers.com
Education is not development i
The next GOP primary could be a turning point just like all the others. Blah blah blah.
All you can eat tacos are goin now. Love mondays
Are you referring to the sparkly granny panties? Not!
people gettin on my nerves today for some reason idk im bout to smack the sh*t out of Ke-ke
This has been a weird week.
better off
China or Taiwan. Probably nowhere, though, since money probably isn't going to just fall into my lap.
You too!
<U+E412><U+E412><U+E412> lmao yeah wanna throw me one?
It's cool. Just go to bed! Duh, nerd.
Had another good workout! Now going to work than training and more gym time!
Where are my illegitimate children when I need them? I want someone to take me out for lunch.
Wanna be the one you run to.
About to do my hair but don't know what style I want
hasn't been on here in awhile. So many social sites, so little time! Ha...
I know, so exciting! RT 1 more exam & we r done
I'm a baseball fan as well
Having someone help you doesn't mean you failed. Just means you're not alone.
Thanks! It's been a fun day so far.
:[ i missed the American Music Awards yesthurday
Oatmeal and black tea<3
Today is a wonderful day.
Do you have any real estate connections in the ATX? I think prop taxes are forcing me to cut the cord :-(
you have to look at who's angry with the comments. I'd be willing to bet most of the public agrees with Harbaugh.
totally agree!
My weakness sexy legs and a firm booty on a lady !!!!
I just PASSED my property management license exam!!!! Woo-hooooooo!!!!!!!
FYI - Teaching Resource Center Workshop at Monroe Hall has been delayed until 10:30 due to the weather
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
So. I'm going to try a different method of doing this thing.
Wow! Keeps getting worse.
haha ice cube is the original gangster!!! I'll lace up my black converse high tops!!! ;)
shooter family devastated but apparently not responsible? Police still investigating but says nada bout gun access
MT : Sad state of affairs that Jane Addams Hull House in Chicago closed today after 120yrs. Provided social services to the poor
I don't want someone perfect in my life.I just want someone real.
hope you made your wish at 11:11
RT : Pop culture, popcorn, pop art, and even pop. density (blame the Jersey roots) - all good things. Diggin your new name
Love. Ive had an idea for an Italian one for a while now but I just thought of one that I think is the best idea Ive ever had!
panther! panther! panther!
Richard Siskey – Priority One is the ability to listen well and respond effectively… with integrity.
Dont lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
Space Jam 2 - Coming to theaters Christmas 2012 (possibly)
Real good practice tonight getting ready for fight
As you're wishing folks Happy Easter, remember that tonight is the beginning of Passover. You can add Chag Sameach to your season's greetngs
I want to interview the late Jack LaLanne's wife, Elaine. I want to see how many times I could make her say "My name's Elaine Lalanne"
When I was 18, I wanted to live in Chicago one day. I still kinda do. Their weather during half the year makes me add the "kinda"
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing Saying SWAG after every sentence
But I'm just a girl what do I know?
I'm so there I love Memphis RT : Jacksonville, but she may move to Memphis early next year.
Stephen Hawking cheated. Apparently his wife is so grateful that for once someone else had to listen to his dirty type #tweetthejoke"
So you should be my bf all day :D
New place. New start. It's time.
Still trying to figure out this Twitter thing.
Example: Who's the suck jerk that set the clock at work one hour ahead a week before daylight savings time?
Klinefelter: Library managers should negotiate with vendors to make sure patron #privacy is protected
my little guy will be 8 in a few weeks
Did it! In honor of whiskey Wednesday I mixed 1.5 oz whipper snapper spirit whiskey with 1 oz creme de banana. Yum! What to call it?
It's our favorite day of the week: WHAT THE F%$K WEDNESDAY at !!
just placed the "for my BFF Jeff" sign on my couch. Go win your election.
I LOVE BEING OUTSIDE.
I remember thinking, the world would be better off without me ~Demi Lovato
i hate this weather it i snowing here my car is coverd with snow
Overheard on the Red Line: "Is Thursday the new Friday?"
I feel like a loser.
Polamalu was handed a phone by a doctor of his wife on the line and was fined $10,000.00...........i hate that dude goodell you should too!
Niedecker may have been awesome at condensing, but she never had to write an AWP panel proposal.
: Oh thank God. I was freaking out since Stanley Fish basically said he was going to call me an idiot, in public
You guys r so cool! : #winterhawks game with and free hat night!
You had to guess I was coming with nonsense.
are some kind of awesome.
I'm doing well, I'm off for the next few days
hey do u have any plans for 2night?
yes. Im mad af
JT: I think the Easter Bunny left this egg empty to remind us of Jesus' empty tomb.
i dont know all that entails..but im gonna go ahead and say HYFR
Merchnow ? o: I'm pretty sure they ship all over.
ha, some PEOPLE complain about the limited CHARACTHERS you can use on TWITTER, well try typing in PORTUGUESE, you'll have a HARDER TIME. lol
My experience is that many students are harder on themselves than I would ever be when they self assess.
#Mayweather vs. Pacquiao will it ever happen? Boxing needs this fight. The fight fans need it. Mike Tyson fought all, Ali fought all
Haters gonna hate RT : Yup RT : you'll still never leave the d-league RT : I just met ...
The 10/20 game looks way softer than the 5/5 game tonight at O11. Still, I think I'll just slum it in 2/3 until PLO opens.
The Militant is riding the #ExpoLine at night, just to check out the vibe.
T.G.I.F.! Happy #FollowFriday everyone!
BOGO 50% off on select tops today! We <3 their basic tees in bold colors!
“: Junior Seau dead in suicide, source says. Link to story to come.”
My 3 daughters 9, 6, & almost 1 just got to watch their first 49er playoff game ever! Can only imagine their faces at a live game!!
I peed myself at the thought of my last tweet.
all these politicians use millions upon millions of dollars to campaign and attack each other. why not help the poor/hungry n homeless instd
Can't wait for the weekend
So if I make a Croque Madame with swiss instead of Gruyère roux, is it more of a Croque Travesti?
We hope you all have an amazing weekend wherever you are! Any fun plans?
*sneaks up behind you and flips your Kilt* Woo Hoo!!!
Those were the exact words I was hoping to hear come from ur tenderly chapped lips
navigating the text by its discussion. comments were presented in a TOC type list
Big reason Pacers are trailing: George Hill's inability to prevent penetration from perimeter.
#andersoncooper getting all pissed off about kid with hiv denied admission. This proves he's gay and infected.
i know something you'd love
New alerts today at www.southfloridaalerts.com
i feel the same way about people who claim to do
Thanks Melissa!!
I admit that I'm still amused by the fact that Slender Man is a random monster in Minecraft.
Adam, will be in Boston on May 25. Where are you located in the city? Would love to grab a coffee/tea if you're free.
“: "Never cut what you can untie." -- Joseph Joubert”
Tech Startups speaker? RT : CypherWorx Founder/CEO is my brother Paul. So proud.
I just don't like the idea that women are being presented with this test, but there are no next steps after they find out the results.
Ruben Galvan with San Diego 6 is down this morning promoting the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo event. Check it out now!
please enable the new chat </3
In The Mood To Watch Some Steven Seagal Movies...Out For Justice...Hard
Eating! The. Bros game..
Need new albums on my sound deck... suggestions welcome!
looks like we are gonna give everyone more time to plan, it's gonna be in May after graduation. Everything is booked for SB
#mla12 #442 Jay Clayton presenting on 1st yr writing course using gaming, digital media
Man, I haven't heard one in so long...I figured they had all migrated south
RT : GOIN TO WORK! TOMORROW HOPEFULLY I'LL HAVE TWO MORE JOBS! PRAY FOR ME! NORDSTROMS AND THE AIRPORT #POW~ it aint easy ma.
so happy I found you here. :)
we're trying to get over to see yall crazy cats so very soon. hope everything is well across the pond. thanks for the support!
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants. This, of course, was before Purell, Mr. Brandeis.
Can't even blame you, I mean you was only worth but soo much.
Hope you guys have an awesome weekend relaxing!!
can everyone do me a huge favor??
Your mother is so cute!
was a great sport as we came off field pre-game tonight, posed for pictures and was chatty. Disfruta San Diego
There is no "old Austin" or "new Austin".. Austin is still the same person. He's still the same kid we fell in love with. He just grew up.
Yeah, people usually say they don't care about something when they care too much.
We hear the power's going out in some places. If you don't have electricity, let us know by not replying to this tweet! ;-)
any company is good company for getting on the water, enjoy
...headed back to Atlanta..:-)
My daughter wil be 21 in one hour! I am very proud of her. She is the most fun loving and beautiful person I know! Happy Bday
Back is killen me right now well Ima take a nice hot shower and k.o
Thanks Roxy :) spread the word!
I really wanted to watch #wrestlemania but got back late from lacrosse game just in time to catch #breakoutkings It rocked
uncharted 3 is pretty amazing
I feel like I could sleep for days
In the car with Juan make Baabby Maria n <3
Stick a fork in 94.7 The Wave: it is done.
OH HEY NOW THAT I GOT UE ATTENTION GO FOLLOW KAY(:
yes we need our own and we will b good
Amish outlaws 4pm towson town festival???
White boy swag
In person or on ESPN, I always enjoy the opportunity to listen to Prof. Selig speak about the state of the game.
I think some of Rogue's other ales have fuller flavor. This one just didn't do it for me. Not that it's bad, mind you. ;)
Watching 'Raging Bull' Robert DeNiro is such a f*cking badass.
Okay, go ahead be shady like that..
How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online
Big shout out to for joining this week and doing so with so much passion and purpose!
“ I'm bout to start taking my self out. All dudes wanna do is smoke & sit in the house ... boring.”
There's one on the Brighton campus too. And one of Sylvia Crawley as well.
wow that sounds fun
Had it with Xcode. It just doesn't measure up to Visual Studio. Going back to TextMate and makefiles.
yes i do :) yea so is ours....President Obama has been here 3-4 times in 3 years. for Vacation at least
Weekend special! Come to AZ Mills in your HALLOWEEN best, we will give you 50% off your insert with purchase of a cover!
- With #jkuglin at #JoplinSchools talking about #twitter and
I feel so much better (:
Oh, I stopped wearing these shoes because the soles have turned to slicks.
Japanese Quince by Seda France candle co = heaven :)
The smell of sunscreen is my favorite.
Blacks are just supposed to clean up messes made by rich white people. But hell, that's what Obama's doing, right?
. says the chants he created were chanted during Lebron's return to Cleveland and heard on the TV broadcast
man the #Mariners load the bases and still couldn't score anybody..
Question: Will the winner of the 4-team playoff be the NCAA champ? Or will the title remain mythical? Cus if the latter, then it's for nada.
People complaining waiting for the El doors to open, sees conductor leave, opens all doors for everyone. Someone hire this guy
Gillaspie whiffs to give Greinke 3 Ks in a row, at least Conor went down swinging, though
time to start trimming back the nosehairs
rn imo. unless you lost my # rip
- holy cow, who messed with your lug nuts?
selling on price is not selling on value. Why is that so hard to understand?
I just had a really nice Americano (does that get capitalized?) at Intelli Broadway.
I thought I was never good enough for you. It turns out you weren't good enough for me.
Eric Cantor is not pleased.
Just woke up.... dreams have been crazy lately.
hahahah wah not bad! yeah he deserves that.
Wat I won't give for all da bad memories ta disappear...
wow, when a person you recommended decides to quit with less than 5 days notice, it kinda sucks.
RT : Gonna be a lot of embarrassed media types when Mitt rejects Portman & picks Allen West. Looking at you
Glad to finally see play tennis today at districts. The kid has game.
Working on the transition of the #UNLVMuseum - we're renovating, changing our mission, and creating participatory experiences.
If you keep being an asshole, I will continue to be a bitch.
When we first spoke I was telling you don't worry, its only another year and a half, you'll survive.
it's not working babes x
Wow, D Rose.
only on the weekends! (again)
OH: "It's beautiful! And if you want to go to the big city, Ocala is just 20 minutes up the highway!" (Ocala, FL population: 54,000)
chose Germany! It's only 1hour away from holland. <3
making me jealous cause you at kings dominion. -__-
She is being such a brat
Looking for writers/lyricists willing to collaborate for choral compositions
": One of the PRETTIEST people I follow is >>>" that's so sweet :-)
Bout to go out again
If you seen the site (nychunt.com) you'll see you can play the hunt from home soon!
Lmfao! I'm sure you don't. :) But next time, tell me hi. <U+E056>
Ask five economists and you'll get five diverse answers - six if one went to Harvard.
'Real House Wives of Disney.' Lindsay Lohan = Guilty Pleasure :3 Thanks
u watch mnr how was it ?
A week of being on the east coast and I'm still on west coast time
I rather kno then not kno at all!
Come in and celebrate the new year!
I'm fucking scared to sleep
watching nba
All of those choices on the poll of where austin's next concert should be doesn't help me. DO ANOTHER CONCERT IN FL.
1st #writing sprint of many this weekend @ the top of the hr for 60 min. Who's w/ me?
card got denied at the store...naturally I used my last 3 dollars cash to buy a scratch off won $20 ....I guess sometimes luck is on my side
Anybody can say "love you" to anyone, so please add the "I" when you say love you to me, it means so much more
Congress has basically done nothing this year.
Greetings on the Sunday of the Mrryh-Bearing Women!
Wow! A great #tdf this year, thanks to everyone for enduring my tweets and enjoying the race with me! Nice to make new friends, time 2 ride!
It's ON. RT : Now. Let's do some BIDNESS.
I'm only knowledgable about Cereal and Colorado, according to klout.
Yes, we def need you to do what you you!:) we're trying to make this viral! Thanks we'll love u forever
happy Birthday
#TEDxumn loving it today. Great job everyone especially Volunteers & Presenters. Had other things to do but glad I came. Cool dance too!
I understand the single mom side of it... My question is.. what kind of "research" do you do?
Nothin feels beta than gettin what u want...except maybe gettin what u wanted n more¡
marketing ideas for small business
Holiday Help is available www.SendaCake.com and www.PatricksCatering.com Mention this tweet for additional savings...
I'm livid. And the thing I wanted to happen even happened. But this other arc? Honestly, just a slap in the face.
I LOVE YOU! <3333333333333
2nite on cn|2 Sports: Former UofL star Ellis Myles join us to talk about his red-hot Louisville Magic AAU team. 630 & 1030 & On Demand Ch103
Rock on Nadia!!!
The love that I have for the scent of fresh coffee grounds in the morning is incredibly unhealthy.
how would you feel if they added Trent Richardson, KWright, and Alshon Jeffery in draft? It's possible with 4,22,37.
Rock off! Thanks for the mention, as always. ;) xox
S/O to my life
As a reader..I want to open something and feel it just blast the bullshit and numbness off of my life. - Alexander Chee
Making some cash is cool and all but how bout you go get an education and see what real money looks like.
Derrick Rose is the most INTERESTING MAN in the world without a Dos XX.
Maxed out the guestlist!! Hell yeah!!
Long hair and a warm beach... 2 things I desperately want but cannot have right now :(
y hombre no pagan de 9 a 19 pm... margaritas a $ 1 dollar.
Just walked into oaks for free
Thanks for coming by Stephan...which torta was your favorite?
soo I'm stuck on 12..
"Your eyes are blue like the ocean, baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out, or did ya smile at me?" :)
I don't want to work 2day :(
or on Sunday? Last time they met won week 13 meeting 38-35
Wow, my #Clips are really tanking this one. I guess the good news is it can't get any worse?
4 games in 17 days, really????
I'm not Cyberbullying you. You said Dudley is hot, I thought it was funny, so I told u so. No need to get all dramatic.
Chocolat in Hillcrest for brunch today was a classic example of we don't give a shit service. Food was okay. Every other part sucked.
waiting for Chris Paul to take over this game
Honestly, I Didn't Ask Her to Follow Me, I Guess I Was Just Lucky. Miranda is So Sweet, I'm Still SO Thankful She Follows Me.
happy Friday backatcha!
Majority of Americans feel gay marriage should be legal. 65% of Dems & 57% of independants. GOP's still living in the1950's
what do you think ok texans signing home town boy Chase kenum
Not Brooks Conrad
Kinda cute! I like the drawstring. What would you be wearing it with?
Yayo is responsible for like 5 of the top 7 worst rap lines.
Great job on the Wix sites!
I love your tweets
Nice! Tell Wendy, Michelle, Missy and Susie I said hello!
Of course! She slept the whole first day at her forever home. She fits in with our other dogs like she's been here forever!
Hello J'aime, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
maybe im still on the bus
holding the buffalo chicken
dude... Tonight made the brackets uuugleee
#KYDerby138 #derbyonnbc What was ur take on TV coverage? I noticed smaller graphics, horse legs more visible in post parade.
I want to meet someday. This dude is my hero for sure.
YAY! My husband is so excited about the Austin #F1 race. Thanks for posting.
*ROOM4 MORE in #HMCCT ~Hey Did U C SignedUp4 #HelloMornings *We've got a God Group Started! LuvIt! :)
Just went to see Bully at the Drexel. It was a great movie that everyone should see. Please take your kids. We need to change this now!
James and the Giant Vagina
When Holland and Belgium split the belgians got all the good cooks and brewers, the dutch got all the orange dye.
RT : "It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn’t matter who gets the credit." - Yates
awesome Taryn welcome to the run. Your right it's gonna be a blast. Give a shout out to your team?
lady at the drive thru definitely just spilled lemonade in my car... Would I be wrong for whooping her ass for giggling when saying sorry?
Georgetown won?
Hoy tengo cirujia de muelas. (that's what happens when you have dental surgery the day after spanish class)
Let's go Pacers this is a big game 1 gotta win it.
Rain? Maybe I should stay in Madison.
Well I cant sleep so im watching the VMAs.. :/
#gottadmit I don't get it.
are you coming home?
Photoshoot with went really well, now working on some new songs for the rest of the night!
A great gesture on his part Considering i failed twice lately by bringing back fast food without offering him
Today in 96, the US Senate approved a resolution declaring the state of Kentucky as the “Basketball Capitol of the World.”
in school and got one class left....yay!!!!
bye. No reason to live slash ever visit NYC again
I hear ya sister! I've done it to all my cuts. What's your color?
That just made my day. Oh my gosh !
High School showcase volleyball tournament this weekend at the RVA Convention Center. Boys/Girls HS teams will be there. How about you?
Theyre working on it haha. give them time
Thanks for all the followers! Our goal is to get to our first 500. Know someone that loves museums and technology? Get them to follow us!
": Thanks for keeping Canada pink ! #Giro #weightofanation" Looking like a lock for Cdn Olympic team #Sveinwho?
thanks jeff!
If only. I ate it all myself and while I'm currently regretting this decision, I would do it again in a heartbeat.
#ESPN to look @ Marvin #Harrison issue-read more here-www.USSportspages.com
Agreed! It is different learning than in rural areas - all awesome!
A night where all the rangers lose!!!!!!
haha idk how i was able to send that msg perfectly but it took me a while to put the password in my phone.
Wall Street Journal confirms the Verizon iPhone announcement on Tuesday. I'm buying iPhones for the whole family!!!! Woo hoo!
Charged and ready for another day. - Phone
Poll for #divorced parents from a #familylawattorney: How long was your marriage and what caused the split? DM if you prefer.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun
not much just chilling
ha ha ha ha... dirty, but awesome!
#PSandersto40K !(: follow him
Panoramic cameras are "democratic" as they do not have a dominant perspective - Kenderdine
God Of War 4 Might Be Announced Tomorrow The inevitable fourth installment in the God of War series might be announced on Thursday. Sony
Ethier has improved his temper issues this year but getting tossed over arguing balls and strikes when Kemp is already out
did you get your request in?!
Thank you! RT : Congratulations to STL United Way for a successful campaign. Many people will be helped.
Perfect night for the batting cages. See ya. <U+26BE>
Good luck at the #ABOY2012 awards. Go Fayetteville!!
monkey bars over fire!!!
yea sistah girl. I'm ready to get dowwn with my bad self!
+1 RT : Not doing much to change weak schedule reputation... RT UW AD Alvarez on ND "I'd like to have them scheduled." -
winding down the year here at Nowhere. thanks everyone for a decent go of 2009. especially the bands!
#FF to the students who studied with us this week!
How about Chris Capuano?
Anyone notice the rain outside?
Stop tweeting so much
nothing like a pot lid literally exploding in your hand to put things in perspective
Miller Park
We Go In One Direction <3
Just landed in music city. :D
i literally might have a B right now... smh
A gentleman ALWAYS buttons his coat when he stands and unbuttons it when seated.
Normal people are addicted to drugs and alcohol.. i'm addicted to Twitter and Austin.
I have flown to Islip then taken the train. But there was no shuttle to train so I took a cab. It's not too bad.
if it has frosting go for it...but don't eat the whole thing!
Hello Monday. We are dominating you and #drinkign later.
maybe CNU haha xD then again, Jinyoung might look cute in a dress
I produced ur Merrill Lynch radio, voted ur band 4 a Grammy. Got banjo out now...Love ur music! Now live in ABQ. Best!
yes, it's true. the amazing created a StyleTil.es inspired board…in ai format. hit her up if interested. in the ai file…perv.
I would totally streak the #SOTU if they wouldn't put me away for life afterwards.
Anyone who attended tonights show in Panama City please post pics!! It was a great night thanks to all!
Until tomorrow
What did the media do with Meg Whitman's $140 million, let's hope they used it to create some jobs.
Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu Ray should be an essential part of any movie collection. It looks gorgeous in 1080p
sign me do u want to go steady? Hit me back
Live and in tweet: and
You are so welcome!! I can't believe it, she is a grown dog now and sweet as ever!! It makes me so happy :-)
Elementry school - " Yall hug yet ?" Middle school- " Yall kiss yet ?" High school- " Yall fuck yet ?"
Bonèt just out of the oven. This dessert always reminds me of my years in Piemonte.
": I also wish people wore beige or white underwear with their white pants. #disturbed"
But think of the awesome workout we're all getting.
We have a long way to go to get #babyboomers into the 21st century!
Doing everything we can to put more Audis on the road ;)
happy birthday, doll. Enjoy your special day.
talk with you is like .... pure tranquility...... :3
&& Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same; if you walk away, everyday it will rain.<3
Supe spotted lovely nugget in HubbardCo sheriff dispatch rept: "NEVIS TWP: 14 YR OLD DAUGHTER, WILL NOT GET OUT OF BED TO GO TO SCHOOL."
I pops open a window but there aren't any direct messages in there and I know I have a history of them.
We know it's cold out there but if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for some warm comfort food!
RT Imagine you were flowing with energy and confidence, free of doubt and fear. Shawn Phillips.
Wanna see avengers
Thank you for mention!
Geordie Shore
Every person who has ever emailed me is synced to my iPhone contacts. This is crazy!
it killed me. i so wanted it to be good. i almost walked out
the more I see the #Avengers trailer the more I can't wait to watch it!
John you are awesome.
thanks for the mention!
Fame vs. infamy. Which would you prefer?
Twit twit! Busting headies in the stu
They said that well never make it. Okay I'm not listening. Thats more motivation
That was suppose to be "RT" not "Rat" :)
Aaahahahah gosh I'll miss y'all
Feeding my country side and going to see Brantley Gilbert tonight! Oh, some other guy named Eric Church will be there too...
thanks for the RT, Hannah!
hey u u never called or texted back :( #sad face
Ima be faithful and hold my bae down
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat. ~ Plato
the convo wed, you working out. Thurs night my mom had to be rush to the hosp Dr's found blockage and a blood clot..
Im a little late but Pau Kobe and Sessions did work son
I swear! Sometimes u just can't take people serious so instead I'm goin to take them for what they present themselves to be
your little girl is adorable. She looks like you.
Aww thank u! RT : I am hoping you and all the other "mom's" have a great day. Some deserve it more than others.”
Hey Paula how have u been ?
#Hiddenhouse tonight!!! and I will be dropping hot fire all night!!!!
that is a good one lol RT : Go out to eat with the fam RT : what else shall i do for my 19th birthday?
Have a wonderful birthday you derserve it ;) much love <3
. makes sense. how many mentees move into a sponsorship spot? how often?
": Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Enjoy Friday. Love Saturday. Damn Sunday."
is actively involved making things happen in grant seeking and community fundraising
I can't. I'll end up sleeping the whole day. Lol
sure bro
:) were Hannah & Hope nice to meet you too!!!!
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. -T. S. Eliot
": I hate twitter on Fridays." Twitter hates u on fridays ;)
any of my followers have a old Ipod they wanna sell... I want a 32GB or higher idc how old it as long as it works
ill send to u now... Wanna chat on FB?
RT : #pda2011 - Applying principles of agile software to digital archiving: Saving everything does devalue the precious thing
Packers win it!! woot!!
Rise N Grind
(: thanks i will add ur tweet to the video !!
--- Jill, yes I was hacked. Notifying twitter about it right now.
Things will never be perfect
Top down, windows...down.
Note: Don't smell a banana chip.
i'm really seriously tempted to just toss them and worry about it later.
RT Passing your D.A.R.E test was a big deal.
When your body snaps, crackles and pops!! It may be time to retire from playing basketball!! #lovethis to much to stop!
Taking a mood out on a little dog is unacceptable
A handzinger?? Your verbage is scary, like you know what you're talking about RT I offered John Travolta a handzinger, he said no
For the latest on the secret service allegations watch Cummings with in a few minutes on 8:00 AM EST
Ran into at this morning. Great impromptu social media chat.
thanks- HNY to u as well.
damn i love her to and if that makes me gay i'llsuck a BIG UN
It's official , Torn ACL for Derrick Rose out for the postseason .
All subject matter experts, too MT “ use Twitter to... says - "provide context." Use real-time data to tell stories
ok so it was suppose to say good day :-) stupid phones sometime
Santa can't use coal...outlawed by the EPA. North pole now superfund site.
Looking for golf courses/resorts in U.S. and Canada interested in becoming Prosets dealers. We supply the clubs and software.
Toasting the memory of Dr. Arra Garab, Yeats scholar and truly insightful cat. Sorry to learn of his passing. Cheers.
I love my mahomie followers!! They always make my day <3
omfg u guys i cant
good choice he is my 2nd fav. But I love niall :)
One extra Sounders ticket for the match tonight, anyone interested?
Store Run
Hey could yall help My Home gurl she needs some more followers thx
Be aware that recourse factoring companies make your company liable to pay for any AR invoices that are not entirely paid in full.
where? what do u mean? :)
If there is a way, could you, please, buy one for me too and I'll pay you!
Lesson learned: Accountability...Always Be Accountable.
You have some serious S.W.A.G! FOLLOW ME!<3
I know if you were still in #LasVegas, you'd be there right alongside!
are you serious bro ?
CLIPPERS STILL HAVE LIFE.
so freaking true!
Soo lucky to wake up with my baby and my Honey...<3
Oddly scattered. Anyone up for a 60m work sprint, starting at quarter past the hour?
Thank goodness Joe Biden didn't say he favored unilateral nuclear disarmament
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are butternut squash and white bean. Sugar free lemonade is pineapple coriander.
Headed to the #VMAs with a few of the people who are going to be presenting tonight! Get ready for a great show!(:
I did'nt get much sleep... I think I'll take a nap in a little bit...
When you don't have to remind people about things they said they would do for you. Let's you know they were thinking about you.
Id do anything to be happy again :(
#muemtech breaking news! meeting tomorrow (Aug 25) for MO student ch of ASIST! 1:00 pm in Allan Institute conference room. all r welcome.
good luck ;)
Who's in Vegas?
Inspired by the #digitalhistory workshops at #AHA2012 but needing twice as many hours in the day to put ideas into action!
Uh-oh...tomorrow's not a rant day, is it?
spent the afternoon printing a miniature linocut of a pair of scissors
I gotcha, dm yo email and ill put you in the queue
Expectations are achievable goals you set for yourself. It's about the process, not the result. Functional process = desired results.
13 minutes and less than $8,000 to go to reach $1.5 million. Let's go giveBIGGERS, make this happen!
and i told you to be kind
Puleeez, what love handle's??
"Lose the team" is tricky because there are very few players who have been ON the team more than 1 season
Today is Friday. I can tell because the Education Department is running in circles getting ready for tomorrow's Hindenburg program!
lol. These characters unfortunately do much more than that.
where you at
can i just marry zac efron? please?
Working on final master of the first single from the upcoming release of Jericho! The New Dawn is almost here!!!
Kindle Fire looks great. Does there really need to be 6 different types of Kindles though?
Getting ready for 's release party! Who's going? :)
After school its shoveling time!
Twitter won't let me change my icon!!!! CURSES!
Am I crazy or does it seem like Twitter and Instagram are used more than Facebook now?
Archiving is hard! Let's go shopping! Finally figured out how to send compressed data from the client to the server via AJAX.
Of course , im coming over !
There are no exceptions to the concept of grace. ALL of us don't deserve it, but God gives it freely...that's the beauty of it.
OH dear... looks like it connected it backwards. Oh well. I guess I figured that one out.
I know! Like I'd ever go to the yellow rose :-)
lol it's cute. And when?
Lady Gaga deemed too racy for Indonesia, denied permit to perform
I wish iPhone screens went more dim than they do
I do. What can I say? His excellent staff swept me away. In a hurry for it?
Dry your laundry and stop giving ppl. this BULL like it's hospitable, and invest in some white towels too, I can't even see if this is clean
Who has listened to Justin Bieber 's new single? Thoughts?
Official done with Winter Quarter. Of; that was a rough one.
the betamax version was out 4 months ago!
Doppleganger Dirge has us lost in Boston. Awesome!
can't believe how busy school has been keeping me. I haven't been on twitter in forever
how about utilizing tebow as a running back.. we could use one of those
Well their CEO did say "“We believe that BlackBerry cannot be a success"
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
ILL BRING A CAMERA!!!!
happy mothers day dudes.
I was mad the #hangoutlineup wasn't up yet I said I wasn't going to go. Now that I've seen it & really really wanna go!
: is not impressed by those... The style of the Daily News Learjet blows everything else away!
The only thing a guy should want to change out a girl is her last name.<3
I just wanted a few minutes to talk... And i didnt even get a goodnight.. Today officially just fucking sucked
right ..with rhinestones .
I'm wondering if that song played was an actual song they coming out with ;P
Omg they're finally about to race.
Being the way that you are is enough <U+2764>
Go home :) You probably got wet when I went to your house.
feel better :(
I get A-1 Everything....
: #WomenBuild Volunteers NEEDED!
How did I just now see Hancock? That was actually pretty fun.
upgrading sound gear soon. after #TCIE is over though. then i can really use it
Do you get an error message? Does the Camrecorder.exe process close down completely from task manager?
Going swimming.. :)
fanny pak, you need to go, you had your chance
meh. Their loss. Also: they make mid-afternoon espn programming appointment television. Think of that what you will.
OMG y'all stay up late lol
RT : Nobody makes a greater mistake than he who does nothing because he only can do little. -Edmund Burke
Startin Fresh On Da Twitter Game. Chillin, Recorded 2 New Trackz With and Working On One With Plus Da 2 Solos
I'm still out people ... What can I get into hit me up
Blewett is the only one I know something about. One is a Coggs and I've been paying some attention to Chevy Johnson on Twitter.
it should work fine, the full tracks are on there. It's probably the Berks connection
i'm kinda i feel ya right now you keep me standin tight now the feelin gettin strong now it's gettin hard to fight now
of course I do.
I'm really dreading my walk home in the cold rain today. Not cool, universe.
Sorry! We'll put in a work order right now.
RIP Davy Jones
the fat red fox jumped under the boring dog.
Hmm thats interesting. I'll have to try it next time they have it.
you did...oh well. No loss there
Why am I trying so hard with people? I'm done with it. If they wanna talk to me, they'll make an effort. I'm busy enough.
really? i'd love to see you if you have time!
yes, you have old one :)
If we are habitually harsh & critical toward ourselves, learning 2B gentle w/ ourselves may require dedicated effort.-Melody Beattie
Girl I love, girl I love you
who watches the watchers? ;) Answer: have three sensors, believe two if one disagrees/fails, then replace it quickly!
Good morning everyone follow me and I will def follow u rite :)
It is not about supporting IE, so much as IE supporting the HTML5 features we rely on. IE10 is the only ver that does.
When you discover a song and have to question yourself on how you got through life without it for so long.
While I would love to agree, Cat Power is the new Natalie Merchant, and CP is as obscure as Vampire Weekend.
you are the best
in such a good mood :) god is great
right, response to rumors. No chance
Amazing dinner at Oyamel with and , so great to see good friends!
Need a small biz coach? #Follow-->> who is able to provide a variety of services for your small biz!
im falling asleep in math <-Kelsey xoxo>
There is a devil in every berry of the grape.
CONGRATS CLIF...Happy for your guys!!
thanks for following back!!
Facebook/Twitter usage goes up exponentially when I have important work to get done
4 canals, I ain't scared, bring it on molar!?! #nerd LOL
whatever works for you.. :p
FAVORITE NEW MALE VOCALIST > FAVORITE NEW DUO OR BAND > FAVORITE NEW FEMALE VOCALIST >
woman make terrible choices in men. I've had more than one female friend cry on my shoulder over a man. Hmm
Someone give Kobe theraflu, no west!
Wake Up!!!
Mundane Mondays, Tipsy Tuesdays, Whacky Wednesdays, THIRSTY THURSDYAS, Faded Fridays, Sketchy Saturdays, Fun Day Sunday
bgc talk bigred has a nappy weave, i think she's trying to pull food outta of her head nasty. Did she wash her hair ever?
Right now, our own is exploring the beloved city of #Branson!
Grieves, when are you hitting up a show in LA next? ;)
....who wants to go to MINK with me tomorrow night!??....
Thanks for being such great fans! Much love to all of you! ;)
#welovegreyson because he gives the best hugs<3 you can really feel the love!!(:
Today at 4 p.m.: Nonviolence trainer/International educator Arthur Romano will speak at Harrison Auditorium!
good luck sir!!! I'll be watching....... #tigers sorry I like 9 innings not 3. ;)
i wonder if and are in love yet.. prob
I am going to #growsomeballs at #sxsw. They are going to be massive.
Damn right!
LAX is going off!!!!
My glasses just broke -__-
Love link-o-rama, but would be more user friendly if new tab opened when link is clicked.
“: That basket is heaven sent lol RT Omw to For #KaraokeTuesday Great Day For it! #SeafoodBasketTimeFOOL”
Gut-wrenching. :(RT : Kimmo Timonen: "Personally, I'm running out of time, to be honest. I really thought this was our chance."
Meeting with a SharePoint Developer on Monday for projects in the Milwaukee or Madison areas! If you have any projects or are struggling w…
#opensource challenge! RT : Marshall: vendors provide better library-facing APIs than open source currently
Shoutout to my girl since forever happy birthday !!! Hope you have an amazing day sister. See you soon :)
did photoshoot thang in DUMBO (photo row in Brooklyn) It was a bunch of brides and grooms trying to frame their perfect world allthebest!
Haha, Thanks man.
It's come to the point where I can't watch a major sporting event -- or any game, for that matter -- without being on Twitter.
I need a smoke break... from life
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>20
This guy just said that Dirty Bourbon was "classy". What is going on??? Casa Escencia is classy. "dirt"y bourbon!!
Also, they absolutely need to rebook you. Don't leave until they do.
Michael Vick struggles with accuracy...55% for his career but winners find a way to win.
What a nice Sunday night.. Quite and the Blazers are winning...
ugh hump day blues, probably because I haven't eaten SweetGreen yet this week.
I don't even care
Just got a shot in the bum. Momma always said belly rubbing would lead to trouble
Pizza > everything else
I once was educated and it has taken ne years to get over it.
I envy him seeing Sade in concert. A def dream of mine.
drive to the nearest highway. start with ultraviolet. maximum volume, maximum speed. one of the best driving experiences.
Getting Siri today! I can't wait to meet her!
Did you know that the longest word in the world is 189,819 letters?
also glad to see someone reissue "Jazz Raga" paid some $ for an original years ago...another great one!
Stopping at Starbucks on the way to school :)
got my graduation dress (: love itt <3 once again dance was canceledd.!! noww im home alone so tlk to me ! haha
SONG THAT'S STUCK IN YOUR HEAD RIGHT NOW...GO! :D
If its going to be this cold in the city tomorrow I will continue being a lazy upstate polar bear. I like spring NYC not chilly
Rickie Fowler... proof the perfect swing means nothing
Japan warns of N. Korea rocket shootdown
Good luck! He is certainly among the leading contenders and must be taken seriously.
Need help?
#Satan Has Left the Earth
Finally seeing "The Avengers" with !!! So excited!!!
thanks!!! hit up the tracks at myspace.com/kkal21
Great speakers talking about leadership development-Mark Greene, Connell Gallagher, Naomi Nelson
Well, you can just come out for drinks and then go home for sleeping post-movie? I'd be so thrilled to see you.
much love to ya!
He chose to love me, when I felt unlovable.
The walking dead?
Just took like 5 teaspoons of two different cold medicines. Things bout to get cuh-razy up in here
omg i love her shes amazing <3 :)
is really
WOW!!! ZUZU Groupon They are selling FAST! Best Hurry and get one now. 1/3 already sold in 1 hour www.groupon.com
get ready for from should be a good
hey...you wanna follow me? i'll give you a dollar c;
What's up twitter nation I'm back, been awhile someone hit me up
RT plz!: Make sure to get out & follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!
So im making a tumblr and i have no idea what my url should be ... ?
400 miles from HOuston to go to church. My wife is something else.
We weren't able to rise and shine this morning- but for a fresh burst of energy, we're spending our LB doing yoga!
you think it's "naive" to think that there's no correlation between religious views and voting habits???
thank you glad to have you on the list,coming from an ex major pro athlete I consider that a huge compliment absolutely huge!
maybe you will have to do price is right style...closest without going over!
A little under the weather 2day ~ sinus infection ~ but thankful that I can work some from home & not lose the whole day.
Only you know how I feel....and I dont know if I like that....
A4. Pro Bowl here in South FL was fantastic...for 30 minutes. Boring, noncompetitive.
Annuncio was shot in 60fps and looked like a home movie till we took it down to 24. Your mind is programmed to 24fps
Yeah, it is pretty damn good!
Skipping lunch is no bueno. Now it's 4:30... too late for lunch, too early for dinner.
follow for the latest #neuroscience & #consciousness, #metaphysics & #mind, #math &
kanoe goes through her friend requests and accepts the ugliest one!
#AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU group projects---Tools: Skype, online chats, webinars (recorded), fb, blackboard, online virtual cafe
Line for the men's bathroom
I honestly wouldn't know what to do with my days without workouts, Netflix, and naps. I'd probably just sit and stare at walls.
Thanks for posting Caitlin! You're the best!
I hate when Naj subtweets me back. let me have my moment nigga.
Hey Twitterverse! Do you have any great #events coming up in June? Let us know for our weekly Top 10 Picks brochure!
was that droopy dog that just called?
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi
it is he's really funny an thank you. You are too :)
no effing way???
Im jus a nigga wit money everyday
Payday jigga. And I got a big bonus today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
That's what you get for being in SACS... lol JK I LOVE YOU AMANDA GOD LUCK
Whn do u stop wrestling whn u fite, hit a nig wit a 2 piece da other day, n he latched on 2 my nec like da lines on a piece a paper.
New timeline design today!
The temple of our purest thoughts is silence.
hahah you pooped in the refrigerator?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer... So true...
We can't allow this anti-union bill in WI to pass. Call (817) 429-9863 and ask your union representatives to send support from TLU767.
Making animal hoods for kids/babies. I think I'm doing a cat, an owl, a dino/lizard...what else should I do?
Today is considered Freedom Sunday for victims of human trafficking. Pray for the girls that have been enslaved in this industry.
RACC chose two Farooq's for final round for Portland Public Art...sweet
wrestling practice -_-
worried about a webinar when the hosts leave the phone on while trying to figure out what to do and hear a lot of "hello" "hello"
Thanks for the compliment! RT : This has been the most pleasant layover I've had. Thanks for being awesome.
#occupywallstreet in over 840 cities - somehow this is unorganized - yet another blind corporate eye
So, new job I hear? Tell me more. Tell me more...
Evolution is fact & completely conflicts with Creationism
finally watched. Thought Bruce and the band sounded awesome. Bruce looks totally energized by this new stuff!
Happy Wino Wed! Great wine tasting all day-District T-shirts only $15, and NEW food items on the menu for week. Enjoy.
DJ Malik all day
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson RT
hm this ice cream is about to hit the SPOT
Talk that talk ...
Friend: "Didnt we have pink eye together?" Rube: "When was your butthole on my eyebrow?"
yes yes you already know
yes sir. rio wraps correct?
THAT is a gorgeous cover, Katherine! Can't wait to read it. Are you going to be NYC in Jan?
I was wrong. I need another week for my music video.
its ok:) hahaa
#middleschoolmemories is trending again, god I loved that time in my life!
hey what was the result?
Just left the studio with filming him drop flame. Peep Cigar Music from the highly anticipated INFLUENCE AND AFLUENCE II
Someday I will have money to buy all 30 books on my Powell's wishlist, though there are 60 more waiting to be read at home. Out of control!
Benchmark interest rates spiked yesterday afternoon following the Senate's passage of the tax cut extension bill.
Tonite doors @ 6pm Phone Calls from Home, Rookie of the Year, Samantha Darnell, Men of Leisure and 4th Quarter Comeback at Canal Club
Congrats to and for winning the #EWR12 Kitchen challenge!
An old school poster I have of (with STRAIGHT HAIR!) ripped the other day :( just now taking it down.. Sad panda.
I'm annoying tf out of my little sister. lmao
Where will you be when the ball drops?
haha oh wow
Christi tag my name next time babe(;
My last name sounds like a sneeze...
I can get 3-4 feet from her. Have a super zoom camera that helps. When I am there she often takes off & I can go right up to nest
is just jealous of my skizzilllls.
BREAKING: MEXICO CITY (AP) -- A strong earthquake has been felt in Mexico City.
Otha than the lil girl thats always got some to say, but ion go with him no more , so i really didnt care
Maybe if thye'd put pix of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner! Please Retweet until they do!
hi! tnx to google tranlator i can now understand you
yeah, I'll see what I can do
RT : wrt 'awesomeness', oh pls > not my words. Like the message-great products, created by people who love what they do.
“: My catcher knows me better than I know myself! #BaseballBros #pitcher_swag”
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately no excuses. Step up!!!
Hope it's great! :)
Happy Founders Day, A<U+039E><U+0394>!
hey can you follow back :)
Where can I donate old prescription glasses? I know I've seen bins, I just don't remember where!
"My friend beat me in hold'em last night & I didn't have enough money to cover the bet. I had 2 pair I though I couldn't lose. He had 4 3's"
Since BP has never taken a DT 1st, that means OT=most likely. If we look to a dif pos where do you think we look?
Lift your head High and say to the world halaluya Im alive and i'm going to explore this great spinning ball at the edge of our galaxy!!
Merry Christmas and happy holidays! :)
if you in dallas ride to tha nawf and fuck with me rolls royce going down callin all performers
I just wanna hold you close, but so far all I have are dreams of you <3
Going to Italy and Ireland this year to find me a husband. Oh, you think I'm kidding?
CF1 is having some fitness blogger thing going on there. My instagram feed is full of air squats bloggers in gear.
stop making my phone go off <U+E415>
what cough syrup?
You don't even care....
Cool stat RT ELIAS: last teenager to steal home was 19-year-old Ed Kirkpatrick of the Angels on May 5, 1964 at KC.
Regret nothing.
lol. Glad to know that you're easy to please. :-)
Finna get otp wit my baee
do you think i have a chance next year? i poop my pants 2 times a day. is that talent?
#mdsession12 what are the ideas you have to raise the money to do what you think needs to be done?
If you use instagram follow Muni Kids at the user names: munikidsclothing and munimax
Hey, great talk yesterday! Would love to hear more about your project at some point.
Just Woke Up! Welp Guess I'll Jump On Some 2k
Glamour squad: hair, make-up, wardrobe....enhance my beauty please
Relaxing day listening to good tunes
If the Bucks beat the Bobcats opening day and beat NOLA in February we'd be tied for 8th right now.
I think there are some programming problems with google's wonder wheel that should be properly handled before it is brought back for usage.
holy shit it's this week.
Why does got to be so sexy? ;D
Just remember that haters are haters. BBN knows the truth!!!!! We love you!
so gross
What we do today will establish our finances with peoplestring tomorrow
no... trying to reduce twitter spam
I'm a recent #Hootsuite convert as well. Love it! RT Oh my god, Hootsuite! Where have you been all my life?
they're called 'mock elections' anyways..
Love seeing a Wellstone! bumpersticker on a car at daycare. Let's be friends!
I just sat in the Leaf Very Roomy Very Nice!
Rub it in jerk!! I hate you.. but I love you and I miss your face
RT If WE are out of control then the system is out of control. So ask yourself today "Who Controls Me?"
Started listing to podcast... I like it.. I like it a lot!!!...=D Keep up the great job guys..=)
These little kids with additudes<<<<. The fuck
how do you get a person to unfollow you? Like can you keep them from following you?
Worshiping Satin #YouKnowBetterThanThat Go To Hell.
OUTSTANDING! performance on #SouthLAnd Bravo, dear sir! Bravo!
OMG I THOUGHT IT WAS A ICY. CONFETTI < 3
Just about died and got stuck in a blizzard on the mountain...
Ditto on the thanks, and also on the regret there wasn't time for more discussion.
thats hella akw... but how long u wanna b single?
I wonder? Will nephew be more stubborn or more conservative?? Who's blood flows deeper? Only time will tell..
Putting the Samsung Galaxy Tab on his wishlist. If Apple tries to ban it, then it must be good.
Dude...conference call?
You met Emeka didn't you?
In honor of the Caps effort tonight, I fell asleep during the 2nd intermission.
I got FLEX for sale and I'm giving niggas bargains!!!!!
This. RT "The difference between me and her is I'll do anything for you and she'll do anything with you."
Village at St. Peter&#39;s Housing Presented by the Diocese of Camden Celebrates Occupancy
Welcome to the Twitter Jungle Jeff.
drinks at the four seasons with dev+mollie, followed by secret apps and wine at the palace. i feel like would approve. :)
With Acrobat Pro you can capture scanned docs, create fillable pdf forms, perform redaction procedures, and create seachable pdf files.
It's not like we're dying...
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
why can't i stop crying?
Hey, do you have a date for your event yet?
Tebow does it again! Im now 3-1 for the week not bad ;)
S/O to my uggs for being there through these cold times! Dont know what i would do w/o u.
8am Green smoothie + Twitter + News. I need more routines like this in my life.
heard that name a lot today. We'll see what happens
. how's it feel to be the number 1 seed in 's blogger bracket?
lmao. Okay. Haha . Considering i might not even go to school today
you can color your hair when your preggo I did it and my mother and mother in law know how to do hair and all<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> leave snooki alone
brilliant. “: If the #Chiefs draft pick was a shot, it would be a barmat shot #cringe”
Web #Designers - Who among you has leveraged #microfomats to great effect? How do you measure it?
haha why do you say that?
Storms are lining up. Massive destruction RT : Henryville, IN may take a second hit by a major tornado.
#SocialSaturdays Performing Live Inside La Vida co-hosted by , Music provided by & Special Guest MC RT
Love that #WhiteMamba just drained the last bucket of regular season!
Miss Buffalo RT : 10 years ago today, almost 30" of #snow buried #Buffalo in 24 hours...55" in 4 days!
Wanna see
U welcome
It's freezing out <U+26C4>
": EVERY GHETTO IN NEW YORK CITY KNOWS ABOUT Dynasty Because you the Best... Pa:)Lante.....
Just finished playing for the pediatric cancer and chronically ill at mcv hospital. Heartbreaking but uplifting @ same time.
I guess I'll get a fake plant and a lamp for them....
Realized it was Friday and that I did nothing fun tonight...but then I realized, "It's fucking Summer: EVERYDAY is Friday"
Sox sucked too..uggh.just finished US vs Finland earlier. Wow! Shutout.
So over you and your bullshit.
I won't do coke off the head of a cobra, but I will do meth off the back of a llama.... Adrian Mesa
he does the weirdest movies! What's he done besides 27 days later? That wasn't a foreign film or something.
Are robots and content farms the future of the news?
I just want you to tell me you are here for me & it's going to be okay..
nope. I am still awake. :-)
I am accepting recommendations for super cheap vacation/staycation ideas. Please help.
here in nashville they are wearing out Ga peaches on the big 98 wsix. They know what we want to hear
strong words RT : "I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science." Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
I didn't expect this to happen this quickly. I hope that he pulls through, yet it doesn't look good.
Atelophobia is the fear of not being good enough or imperfection
Thanks for throwing us men a bone ;)
Happy #fathers day everyone!
Happy New Year everyone!
Make sure to check out today's Google doodle. What a great way to start out a semester! It would have been Freddie Mercury's 65th birthday.
Nw- Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory C: love this show!
It doesn't have to be that hard for teens w/ #autism there are resources for teenagers who want a girlfriend...
RT : Sure, but "Scottishness" made the joke work better. For me anyhow. :-) Slainte!
Nothing bests a curious mind; love 's penchant for original source materials; the feel, sight, sound & touch of 'truths'...
Hahahh!!! Good man! Now get to work. I asked my math teacher how good I'd have to do on my exam to find out my final ...
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld #Burlesque and
Third Call Me, Maybe, houndstooth
Q: "What is your greatest ambition in life?"A: "To become immortal... then die."
agreed! So disgusting.
Allergies killin me I feel like crap!
Horwitz received the Pulitzer Prize in 1994. Perhaps best known to historian s for Confederates in the Attic (1998)
she sounds like a sick animal
good stuff last night
I'm trying to keep off the redbull....im dying Dx
ok dude
People Have No Fucking Life Calling A ''Slut''
Analogous to building needed smart power grid for US; painfully slow because of many different stakeholders & technical risk
If you have tickets for Lincoln Theatre Royal's A Christmas Carol, please call 01522 519999 to check performances are still on this week
Will be tabling w/ today at the Latin American Youth Center Health Fair in Columbia Heights. Fun times!
Lost playing hostage!
sounds like a plan to me!
If u niggas so real ..why yall gotta keep reminding everybody all the time
Tried the "morning mix up" from Disappointing. Is overly sweet and bland a mix these days?
Shower Sex >>>
I've been listening to the same song for the past 15 minutes, I'm boring, I know.
I'm glad!
It's finals time at our library, do other libraries do anything special to help students out or celebrate?
Dave Obey: No one candidate can credibly claim ownership of recall movement.
Shout out to my girl Luv the song! You surprised me with that one
Ima go watch the news maybe ill fall asleep
I'd forgotten the joys of being a six footer on a commuter plane. We haven't left yet & I'm ready to exit. Are we there yet?
On my way home from #chi2012 to see son#2 in a school play tonight. :-) Best of luck Monday. Keep in touch on semiotics musings.
i wish you can get and in the studio too because people think they still got beef and they squashed it in 06
where are you now when i need yu
Will You Ever Follow Me Austin
lol he is too! He looks creepy o.O
When you're walking by the lakefront, stop in to see Lake Bluff Condos on Prospect! Luxury homes w/ great views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Apple has put up a new web page showing how to set up the new free Find my iPhone service
#thatcampva12 no animations in neatline. yet. worried about feature creep.
yes we do I need u to do a favor for me and lays get u to do a photo shoot for ur 2nd book
Love, love, love my friends! I am one lucky girl!!!
At the eye dr. Hopefully my visits will be ending soon
so r u goin
In the past 2 days I've probably watched the richards/staal goal replays 20+ times
O.O I like all of his albums and mixtapes. :D
Thanks George, looking forward to it. It's fun Tweetcasting with all the BOK watchers and the awesome cast.
hmm probably the second one cause the first one i hate shadowed eyes like drawing them makes me sick and the 3rd is too far away
IF YOU "WANT" A DIVORCE, "see" A THERAPIST. IF YOU "NEED" A DIVORCE, "SEE ME" BY DANIE VICTOR-LAGUERRE, FLORIDA DIVORCE ATTORNEY
Turn a gud girl ..Bad...turn a bad girl ...Crazy.. #datDick lmao
network your plague! Everyone wants some
You're very welcome(x
Sorry to have missed UR booth at #ASTD2012. I heard gr8 things 'bout the interactions & #learning that took place there.
Alright, we'll do it. RT : i would like to see tour with again! :)
Run for your life, the haboob is coming!
Bitches gone stay mad fucking with me! I love that Im on your mind! You look so stupid!
Yo u guys are really doing well and it was fun to see you guys win in person
it is what makes me soo interesting!
Target is the best.
Im not about that life. Sorry
PowerHouse && Maybe Rock The Bells This Yr ;D
omg that is awesome!
Lets have a moment of silence for all of those lost children swallowed during blow jobs....
u better ......btw DO U WANNA SUCK XD
Yea, sounds like a lot of heat.
Thanks Dave! I love that mix. Definitely time to bust it out for the holidays.
Workin hard to make up for playin hard.
New Years Sweepstakes: post your stickK activity on facebook and you're entered. No purchase necessary! www.stickK.com for official rules.
Danielle Aubert presents from the Center for Abandoned Letterhead project, a collection and catalog of disused corporate letterhead.
...thats right, dreamteam is on the twitter... I would love a shout out of some sort from my man LPG...
: Thanks! What about Trevor Ariza? Can you find him too. Hell, you think Magic will come out of retirement?
I'm the kind of person who celebrates buying a new shirt by wearing it four days in a row.
Had the best time at #JourneyChurch in Raleigh, NC today. I will definitely be back next week!
I don't think a GA win makes him viable again. He has to win elsewhere, or place a strong second place.
Come to Pittsburgh, PA!
Every elected U.S. Senator's pay should be suspended until such time as the Senate passes a budget - it's time they do their job!
i'm sick of being sick!!!
cool, my birthday is in April too
Glad the jail released you... have a great vacay! Onto the Sixers...
I think I'm going to buy me some beats by dre
Today I swear I will take some time off. So far not so good with that but soon!
And fortunately, we have had some brilliant minds and committed souls shining that light, regardless of the broader landscape
Major moves only happens when u think big
sometimes I think they TOO big lol!
Anyone going to tonight?
Go Bulls!
Don't get me wrong. I'm not really into football, but why isn't Super Bowl Sunday a national holiday?
"Take care of each other, stay strong, find some time to play, don't let God laugh alone." ~Josef 'Whistler' Engressia
Check out the 41st annual DC St. Patrick’s Day parade Sunday, March 11 at noon on Constitution Ave between 7th & 17th St!!!
- lol! Oh good, so it's not just me? I think there's something wrong with us.
In my favorite understatement of the year, the NYT headline: "In Santorum’s Sweep, Sign of G.O.P. Unease With Romney." YOU THINK?
Steam cleaning appointments available this Thursday. Book today and get 10% off!
Friday greeted me with a mash up of Lady Gaga's "Edge of Glory" and Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks" in my brain... what?
If you know your primary trigger, text it to 51515 to find out your top personality advantages.
How we don't say bye anymore
my daddy left home when i was 3 and didn't leave much but momma and me.
Attention Dancers and models. Auditions will be held on May 20th for video "Jello". The girls chosen will get a free photo shoot!
Click the link to the website. We are a free classified better than craigslist. Promote what ever you want
Its the last night of vacation we can sleep in :(
Have a great night everyone!
I want him
voice!HOLY FUDGE!IM DYING!<3 (:
Come on Phillies, get a #*%$'n hit.
N. Taleb on true stoicism: transforming fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, desire into undertaking.
wherever you play... I'm there bro xD
Get the London look…oh so do i need to separate my teeth & have huge gaps in them ? I swear that commercial is retarded
Want #P to follow you? Or have someone you think we should follow? Tweet us who to follow and we'll check them out!
You ever had that feeling where you just wanna sit in a corner and cry??
Totally missed that it was Groundhog's Day today:/ Whoopsie! What did that fur thang end up doing???
Quit being such a hypocrite
Hope you had a special mother's day because you are special. I am honored to call you my friend.
I mean we are making this way too big and we dont even know anything.
Looking forward to seeing & others doing #Zumba @ 2morro!
Interested in us producing your next music video? Contact us at for more information.
Music and sound too...
Please keep my brother in law in your prayers. he is ill and I'm going to visit him in the hospital
You need to found a startup. :)
you're face is nothing special!! And you're fat! Hahaha Jk
would be cool if Ramen noodles had another nutritional value besides SODIUM OVERDOSE
FL attorneys office should be held accountable for not collecting the proper evidence and making the arrest sooner. Don't blame the statute
I got you, bro! But you gotta follow me & back first before I make your brownies. :)
Any way we can get Daddy Krag on the IR??
oh don't worry, I'll be reading it on the beach.
This Thursday April 12th, 2012 we need 3 Models! 5PM - 8PM! Come get your makeup done and enjoy great company!
omg thanks that's really nice<3<3
I haven't had a chance to listen to todays little show, but it sounds like Big Fatty has diarrhea
Napoleon Hill What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
on my way to La Quinta :) can't wait for the hot weather!
Sick save there.
Always remember that our heroes are human. Bad men are capable of great things and good men are capable of evil.
Ok. We'll have to do some sort of fund raiser to get out here for the shows. L0L!
Stephen Colbert is pulling jack daniels on national television haha
Inhale the good shit exhale the bulllllshit
I will DEFINITELY be exploring Personal Proof from Yay!
yeah I often hear myself say "I said what???!!!". Hope you and Quinn are well. Happy Advent!
Someday, I will have all I need. Today, I will give all I have.
Lucky you! Hope you're doing something fun this weekend girl. Are you gonna see The Avengers?
new look coming this afternoon!
dear #brooklyn, do ANY food places deliver within the time limit they advertise? seriously.
: Did you ever give the Ranger some bow moves? // This! Came up at #livingdungeonworld at
#shithagansays what is this? Is it like a dried up m&m?
poor Colette. I want her w/Dean.
I would cum on my bed if u touched me in my sleep! Then I would fuck u to make u cum sexy mami XOXO
#17Days #BOYFRIEND #Believe so excited !
Making up for striking out on my last thifting excursion. It's a label whore of a good time up here in Winnetka!
welcome to
Enjoyed last night's great screening of our DC #48HFP "Mancession." They laughed in all the right places. We'll be in the DC best of on 5/24
it's because we're awesome, but you already knew that.
No one can fill 4min better than you
Sleep. I am about to gets it
Wishing I was at somebodys house.. I'm seriously bored a'f right now..
“: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.” what an absolute joke... Cotto better win this
LEVI DENIM SHORTS ARE $34.99!!!!!
Is there really a place to hire folks for this kind of stuff on Craigslist? Where?
its dependent on where you go since I prefer Water :)
. Excellent idea. Let's all become garbagoligists!
screwing around at work...looking for wilco tunes to get pumped for them tonight...had a mixed exp last time wilco was at 930.
XOXO, thank you lady!
Just checked the weather in London for this week. It's going to be warm and sunny exept the saturday, which will be rain and clouds...Angry
I always thought your first photos shoot would be for a jcrew catalog...
cool thanks !!
wow dude that was deep… you're so right. You should become a philosopher
Everyone knows that if you find any sort of a pattern in wins and losses, it can't POSSIBLY be random variation!
lol I have no idea what you're talking about :/ :( haha
look into flying to Paris via Reykjavik. Prices sometimes under $1,000. Plus, Reykjavik!
Read about two iOS Math Apps made by classroom teachers: tonyv.me/mabt
Nawlins. Magazine street.
“: I get high with a little help from my friends.” i get drunk with a little help from my friends.
#Aztecs will tip off vs Temple at 3:10pm on Saturday. Game will be on TNT.
thanks so much for the mention. We'll be in soon with a goody.
Loving Adobe Lightroom 4. Hating the migration from iPhoto of every photos for the past 3 years.
Follow me n I'll follow u bck(=
The stupid neither forgive nor forget. The naive forgive and forget. The wise forgive but do not forget.
Since getting home all I've done is eat, eat and eat some more.
Its whatever. Night.
In The Recording Studio Producing Couple of Dope Beatz> ***Fun time***
Just discovered how to close comments on WordPress pages. Byebye, spam-stream from the class blog!
“: A key talent for innovation is celebrating your teammates who have to courage to fail.”
follow please huge fan man will make my life complete, no homo thou,
ohh, and download Pearescope when you get ahold of an iProduct again!
Thank you. Love it.
Still reading the the third Hunger Games book and my teacher yelled at me cuz I told him wat happened, gave me the evil eye
this caused snorting RT 90% of the time WYEP is made of awesome. Other times it's like:"That's more banjo then I think I can handle."
Happy Flash Friday!!!!
Mark, you are very welcome. I am looking forward to learning more about you and reading your tweets! Have a great weekend.
I don't care for Censorship. #FCC #MPAA not a fan..
Thanks for the RT! You're a good friend to me.
Sidebarh Volunteered 4 today teaching computer skills to snr. citizens. The lady I was helping (PhD, UES-sider) was hilarious!!
Quoting from the 1st quarto, "Screweth this."
oh and btw , those sony headphones you made me buy broke...should have just gone with the bose
It was my pleasure! Anything for you guys!
U darn skippy RT wow! I can see and shouting through the phone... wow! Look at GOD...
I eat bucks and shit change. You lookin like a shinny new penny right about now!!
I want Pauly D to follow me . Can someone help me ? XD
what did you do?
Back from the WH. Crowd probably around 2-3000 mainly students. Lots of TV crews. Looked for Maddow, but only ended up finding Geraldo.
Good god this brownie is rich
aw man! I can't get there fast enough. :/
Yeah me too. Lol RT : I know it was bothering me lol
Does anyone have a tap recorder?
yeah mondays are rough! hang in there!!
asdfghjkl D: "baby please don't go if i wake up tomorrow will you still be there" ? ;)
On my way to the studio, looking forward to releasing my EP of 5 songs this summer. =-)
Ah im crying floor seats concert
A 2012ComNegrini A
Rest In Paradise Adam Yauch #MCA #BeastieBoys sad day in
Mostly Bulls fans at the game tonight. This is going to be painful.
It was time to move on. Too much commuting, and I'm not one for regular work weeks.
Yep! It was the "tight jeans" onee :P <U+2665>
Kahn is amazing in this movie. Introducing the wife to the Star Trek cannon. This is a good film to start with!
it's me your radio friend, Doug, from Mix 92.9, stalking you now on teh Twitters
better than last year but still long way to go
How are you dear?
That girl toya she got the best Ora
The exhibition is up! Come by and browse—591 Broad St., Newark. Then see you May 12 at 5:30!
Hey cut it out with the spam. Seriously.
Time to clear out this phone...
That awkward moment when your "Friends" dont invite you to something.
RT we was trying to find the garage n decided to run n we both fell... where is the camera when i need it
Schnur: "Somewhere at the government level, there should be requirements for performance targets and transparency."
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow
#OhioWantsAustinMahone!! Tweet me it and ill RT!! Get it trending!! (: #MahomiesHelpMahomies! <3
So if by the time the bar closes and you feel like falling down, i'll carry you home, tonight. got me onto this song <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
JETS ALL THE WAY TODAY BABY!!!
LOVED going to Phillips After 5 w/ ! The Degas exhibition amazed me!! Great work!
Quelf (it's a game)! Check out this photo from the It's All Fun 'N Games House Party: soc.li/062tcvL
It's here....this #gossipgirl inspired..better be good
watch your head Shane! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
How is a casino not trashy? Legal doesn't equal classy.
The way you see other people, is the way they see you
Liam. Please reply. Please. Love u so much. Follow me please? xx :D
Joe needs nap. And <U+2665>s
give each candidate the same amount of time to speak. also, enforce debate rules pls.
One year ago today I first met when I was waiting in line for Wow.
I think he needs to. It would make my life if he does. XD
Having back as an OA would be just too cool.
#SoYouMeanToTellMe Its not butter??..--
#Huguely jury has it's first question after starting to deliberate. Clarification on a legal term.
thanks Frederick! Same in return
what time & where?
#ReasonsToSayAmen my family woke up today
yeah that be awesome!(:
“: Cotto bet not win....if he do, I'm leaving TONIGHT....TONIGHT!!! -_-”twitterlies
I am already excited! so just let me get the hashtag ready
haha i hate essays>.<
lol True that!
People who make parody accounts of famous people are so bad
you could be touching a ghost dick right now and you don’t even know it
Hope the Lakers get some sleep and energy..They are going to need it to beat OKL..Go Lakers
Can't stop editing, this movie is going to be so much fun!
Ever heard the saying "Innocent until proven guilty." Well there you go. That's why. Lol. Also, a process. >_>
This is seriously the best date I've ever been on.. Thanks !
haha! I am sure speaks Spanish...haha. It's all good! :)
LMFAO I LOVE MY GUYFRIEND SO FUCKING MUCH HE KNOWS ME SO WELL OMG
Sadface. Are you feeling better?
Welcome Maya! And congrats !!!!
Wake up RT : its goin be a long night, I'm already tired and we getting dougie tonight for bday!!!
Van still broken down in jersey. Now walking about 4 miles back to the service station. Fun.
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor? - Bill Watterson
me too! RT : I'm attending the #ASAE Women's Executive Forum session The Resilience Advantage today. hope to see you there!
Happiness is me waking up without back pain! heres to hoping!
hahaha. whatever! Yeah we can! :)
Your controlling ways<<<
you're amazing. would love to try your food one day.
looking for a good chocolate chip chocolate muffin #recipe... got one? send me a link!
I think is pulling an all nighter because of Easter!?!
Was Diane Keaton drunk on Colbert last night??
#followfriday my direct marketing gurus:
do a freestyle to future's turn on the lights...one of the dopest beats out right now
What part of the cow does #bojangles use to make a "steak" biscuit for $.99? I think Bo knows hooves.
From writing business plans to brainstorming new ventures I know we have the right stuff
Should I not admit that I get the Real Housewives reference that is making right now? 'Sup ?
Think it's too late ta worry bout RT Do you think rose city building should have been demolished for parking lot or preserved?
yep! Visiting family prob <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0087>
my pleasure
The garbage truck driver just checked me out and said hello. Can't decide if that's better or worse than some of my EHarmony matches.
Lol. I see ya big timer. If you run 3 miles without stopping then you are on one!RT : 5k run... That's nothing Lolol
Im so tired of this bitch ass car! Can't wait till its done so I can have all the attention I need right now
Nothing lol RT : Hm I wonder who can guess what I'm doin in PE... AGAIN
Ha!! Don't be scared!
can't wait to see u guys! Did Maurisa pass along my email yesterday about sing like Carrie Underwood contest?
C'mon. Just do it. It's fun. You can't get in trouble for just one small blossom, right?
oh andy...
After this weekends work schedule I better have all of race weekend off
May 16th 2012 is the day they free my homeboy YB aka "Byron Bars" its been 2years my nigga and u kept it 100 for all of em
Now that I have a mustache and cut my hair off, I look like this emoji right here ---><U+E004>
Absolutely nothing...LOL!
. hey Zach, you are welcome. I'm well. I hope that you are too!
props to Liddi
#Boston Worst wants you to know who the scum bags are in Boston. Are you being bullied in the workplace. Dm me and I will expose them.
school's keeping me busy. glad it's over in 3 weeks! this summer should be interesting. how are you doing in your classes?
A huge negative number multiplied by a huge negative number equals an even huger positive number.
Can't sleep. 12am. Goshh! Gonna try and sleep!
follow me and hit me up on reverbnation.com/mikeepresha
Word of the day is jerk!
I got Boyfriend on repeat.. This isn't healthy..
I just have to make it thought #midterms this week and then it's off to Jamaica!
why can I not bring myself past the procrastination stage?
Titties and beer... thank dale he aint queer. 1st verse from the first book of dale
I'm at Monkey Bar (60 E. 54th St, Madison & Park, New York).
ooh, Sounds fun but I bet will be crazy packed!
Is tonight the night Ricky Williams breaks the 10,000 yard mark?
yup. You're already flattering. Wins with me. :)
What the hell?
Kissing someone you always wanted to kiss >
somebody bring me a plate to my job ! i know somebody mom cooking Good Dinner ! in voice
Time to unfollow people that don't follow me
Schools almost here... NO! D:
Joan Jett to My Fair Lady. This is why and I are friends.
Today would have been legendary trumpeter Maynard Ferguson's 84th birthday. Still missing him. Happy Birthday Boss!
One more long day before Andy's back. Can't wait!
I LOVE ROC ROYAL
good idea! Thanks!
Thanks for the
Is there anyone who reads my tweets and is willing to respond to them??
I remember seeing something about that on the Facebook page. Congrats! Anything new and exciting in your life?
I just see a lot of inconsistency in folks slamming Google for this stuff that routinely trust their private data to others.
“: #Capricorn can have a real IDGAF mentality.” true that.
I need to go shopping. All my clothes are too big on me now.
The school year is almost done.. Pretty much survived freshman year .. 1 month left
I'm about ready to be famous.... Who is with me? :)
#Motivation RT : "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
It should be illegal to be up at 4:30am.
Good Moaning ;))
Thanks too for the baked goods and Sister Misfit for picking them up! Thanks especially to the Moving Castle for hosting us!
Guy friends are the bomb! They're hilarious, cool, fun to hang with, no drama... until you start to like one.
Heyy guys im back!
Hire people who are better than you are, then leave them to get on with it . . . ; Look for people who will aim for the remarkable!
Headed out for the weekend soon. Happy Mother's Day to the Mom's out there!
Mcr was the best show ever!!! The Best!!
Writing, writing, writing!
lets get get get it!
Portland needs its own Crime Drama show like #NCIS #CSI or
I'm a Senior in College. Thank goodness I made it now running to the finish line. GRADUATION Dec 2013
Red is grey and yellow white We decide which is right and which is an illusion.
So much pain, but So worth it.
LADIES SIGN UP TODAY FOR THE EROTIC .com and I will waive the 20$ registration fee for info 310-806-2123
Awesome! Nope, haven't been there yet. :-)
"Just a small town girl?" You are a divine creature of God ..Special in every way!
not scrawberry hair BOL. Werk Bit I'm coming to the ATL Memorial Day weekend. I hope we can meet.
Happy pop punk Halloween!!
RT : Bring your musicians' ear to #tedxclt on October 15 for the drum circle during lunch.
UWM_Film students, don't forget to submit your projects to and the Student Film & Video festival. Deadlines approaching!
Hm, thinking about covering another sick tune ;)
#YoMommaSoFat when she gets on the scale it says "To be continued."
I look forward to your response. Enjoyed your tweets from the #BBEconDev roundtables. Wish they had been podcast.
#beer vibe for the day Grays Oatmeal Stout.
Bills are paid but no creative juice for the studio!
going in like a Fri on #bootybounce If ur feeling what's on ur radio right now make sure u got us on Fri morning!!
When a guy walks by and smells good.. oh sweet jesus come back .
Rain = No Customers!
Okay, after two weeks, here's where I'm at: #MadMan is just a flat-out boring show. #TheKilling, on the other hand, is f-ing riveting.
Me too, isn't it awful? I can't imagine anyone realizes their random web surfing habits are being broadcast to the world.
just finish hearing song #SparksFly and song #CallMeMaybe is steel in my head..Can't stop singing it :)
I once had an awkward moment, just to see what it felt like
Omg work
it was a great time! Thanks. Love us all
“: wats hap'n at Loca tonite?” drinking and dancing!!!!!
there might be value in that deacc'd thing for digital use.
haha teenage guys crack me up
It would be so cool to be a mermaid.
We will :)
I'm glad that people in Columbus like to stay fit but why do they all have to stay fit at the exact same time at my gym??? Lol.
the ones on the third page
Thanks! Now back to drinking :)
is collecting gently used or new swimsuit for 2nd graders in the Learn to Swim program. Bring them to the front desk. Thx
Nah i mean you lol cause you were watching it XD
I'm sorry sweetheart. I hope you recover and feel better soon! HUGS xoxo
Fake texting - A way to avoid socially awkward situations.
First week in new office. We have a ways to go to make it 'pretty', but WOW is the functionality better than before! I am so pleased!
Omfg cryting dhsshaasjsfnc I can't. :''''') gonna see my 16th. Just need tickets now.
I got the yellow fever, I'm into oriential chicks -Cade
Salon Marketing has changed in the last few years, have you changed your plan?
Starting from April 16, NTD is available to the Greater DC metropolitan area via WWTD 49.2
So much for livin' up senior year .
admission: $25. admission: $25. admission: ALWAYS FREE!
I really hope you can :)
It was okay, can't tell you really since you have not seen it!!
Marcum is done take him out come on RR
I vote July.
so what's your definition of a box office flop?
Left is Right | A left-right debate emerges in Quebec, and it's pretty bitter - 680 News
ok i need sleep. good night BE SAFE ON THAT MOTORCYCLE. i'm seriously worried.
Your ugly!
#hencethehashtag - new hashtag I invented to enforce the reality of a hashtag..."#whitegirlwednesday is a real thing. #hencethehashtag."
omg are you serious? Misplaced apostrophes REALLY annoy the hell out of me! I should get a life.
Every fucken time !
Alright then, can we measure group intelligence similarly? #NEASC11 Chabris
ur welcome and awh! Thanks so much! Ur so sweet:] I live in NY, u? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
out of curiousity(and for cross country #CTaC chat), what do you believe critics do/should do?
That moment when you text someone and they text back like a day later,with a short reply,than you try to figure out what they were doing.
Glad you think so. Rodney is infinitely creative in the kitchen!
I thought all Canucks were like that?
Hey please Follow my friend---> ! Hey porfavor sigan a mi amigo..!!
I need to smoke.
guess it is someone else
RT : US economy added 120,000 jobs in March; unemployment rate falls to 8.2%
Is treating you guys to a good time?
Thanks for following Larry!!
I'm ready 4 the new year to be here! Let's get it!!
my strange addiction....yeah that will out u to sleep.
Damn I forgot about this Houston traffic
“ Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man!”
thanks guys! “: RT : congrats and good luck to Emily and ”
Who's Sasha Grey? I'm married, guys. (yes, btw)
fantasy is one thing, fj is the real deal, 1400 yards this season and 10 tds
Thirsty dudes use this smiley ";)"
Don't be friends with guys who wear those hats with small brims and are usually accompanied by a vest.
Thanks Paul! RT“: I follow because they're real #leaders FF”
Find a quiet cafe? :) RT : It's markedly harder to get homework done when you're in France...
MY BREAST R PERFECT!
I wish you'll die. What a celebration that would be
Got you angry bout this girl Im with in all the magazines
hard for TT to lie if he only ever uses propositions or adjectives, lol
Thanks for the RT. You coming to the Tweet Up?
our newest model
Been good. But Busy. Lots of OT lately. Finally settling down though. How bout you?
would you have it any other way ;-)
I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough!
Pau and Steve Blake really carrying the load offensively.
Very eloquent reply, by the way. Mine would have been very different ;)
Hello world I officially lost it but someday may find it. Went to gym & worked out for hour in pool awesome! Bought bear proceeds to St Jude
I stabbed my hand with a pencil. Now I have a piece of led stuck in it. sixth time to the doctors.
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
as soon as everyone email me back.
Thanks Mark! Just saw the Tweet....I thought I was gonna be busy...now I'm gonna be really busy! Thanks!
that shits gonna be hurting for a week. HAHA
I'm like negative tired right now.
Room is finally clean an they finally fixed my closet so I got to put my clothes all away I really get depressed when Im in a dirty room lol
Looking for some everyday, cool climate Syrah's for $25 and under. Who has some recommendations for me?
Not looking forward to school tomorrow! -_-
Treat her how she deserves to be treated, or someone else will.
Aerosmith has so many phenomenal songs <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
The traditional office is becoming less vital to business but the need to collaborate is still a key ingredient; Visimeet keeps it alive.
Are u kidding me?that wired and cool
Haha definitely. Don't follow my lead!
how many people like to breakdance
What u got going? What are u gettin into tonight?
The Exorcist (cuz my Dick puke's green stuff!) J/K LMFAO
you've already heard it... You already heard it before my blood family.... #that'slove
#cnnnye Anderson lets see you swim with Michael Phelps again take it off like Kathy!
this is one of the best videos ever!
i just feel like im doin way better than what the expected me to be doin
Password has been changed because Twitter detected hacker activity. Don't follow links that say "read bad whatever about you".
Sorry for the delay. We were trying to confirm things on our end. But, as is, the event is now being postponed until the Fall.
I think they should have more Friday games during football season.
This day just keeps getting better and better.
of course , but I skip sometimes
Mate, if you choose to lock your heart away, you'll lose it for certain. <3
Hey, thanks for the RT!
O that was Rita Moreno in #SinginIntheRain?! Small role or maybe I just missed more of Zelda's part...?
Chris is conspiring to create the best Muse of all time. Muse2012#
psssssh nobody hates him! He's too badass! :D
Q for Register Pallante: Where does Section 108 reform fit within the larger goal of orphan works legislation?
Getting an early start to head out to speak at Youth Motivation Day in Atlanta!
Welcoming our newest members: Winirichardsfletcher & Josephjohns
Booksellers are the most valuable destination for the lonely, given the numbers of books that were written because authors.
That makes since!
He's my lucky charm. :-)
im fine my ear hurts
Are they all tweeting from their ipad 3s??? Have a blast!
will do, thanks a bunch
: These sound SO good! I must try to make them - for the Vitamin C, of course. ;)
Now that's an enthusiastic god morning! Same to you...enjoy the day!
How i've learned of Katz's oevre: through seeing his work in every print and drawing auction everywhere.
Hi All, We would love to share this with all of you and weI hope you will send it along to all your friends... please read on. We have a li
People who are always In need of attention
Hey im at the White Plains Mall in the foodcourt and have no idea what to eat any suggestions
Feedback about my new wallet from my left butt cheek is not positive.
I got 32 followers today O.O
Eh, ya gotta grow up sometime! lol Bad enough my wife's Grandfather called me Kracker until the day he died! :)
The Rust Belt Revival: What's Happening in Detroit ://www.details.com/culture-trends/critical-eye/201204/rust-belt-revival-detroit-michigan
RT All the Army SM programs are integrated in a coherence marketing message. People can find message where they are.
Now we need to work on the Equal Pay Act. ~Vice President Joe Biden.
NOO!!! No nutella!! WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO EAT PANCAKES WITH!?
Is this Clippers comeback really happening??
jake gyllenhaal as aaron rodgers. Practically spitting image.
I had a wonderful mothers day.
Dragon Age II I think LOL, but I take forever playing too many games at once.
Thanks for thinking of me, Queen! I needed that check-in today from one of my fav human rights and social justice sistahs!!!
Youre welcome! You do too! RT Thank you for the gift!! You simply rock!!!!
J. Carl Cook~ Minor surgery is surgery someone else is having.
Good Morning Adorable Alex<33., your mad cute{x
Dude my printer doesn't have ink anymore. What if your mom takes us to office max? Or have her take you to school.
done & done!
sick bitch
Sweet! Bocks rock!
Waiting for my sandwich, should of called jimmy johns. This is taking too damn long
This is going to be the sixth time that i've walked through the media center. I'm such a hoodlum when I have time to waste
i just got my order in 8 minutes, which leads me to believe they are employing sushi-making elves in my basement.
Industrial steel mill area I walk thru every night on break looks & sounds like Lynch's ERASERHEAD. Hissing machines,clanging metal audible
Are you playing in Minneapolis anytime soon??
People Lie About Everything ^o^
"People are as happy as they make up their minds to be" Abe Lincoln
this is usually when I'm writing a block argument for one of my own methods, so there is no preview yet.
Best of luck with the special!
May need to give Rift another try next week. New PC parts coming for super-rig! 3 years since last upgrade... i7 2600K 8GB
Keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart <3
cook an 8 course meal and bring it to me... lazy and hungry
people that go to my school <<<<<<<
*light shut off in the room* NO AJ!! I don't want to cuddle!!
Man I forgot where I was. They're getting it cracking outchea for drinko de mayo.
Friend: "I wasn't even that drunk !" Me: "Dude...you asked your girlfriend if she was single."
Yea yeah, well who knows...Maybe watch paint dry with a bottle of wine or something.
What the hell #Packers????
#FF & I's favorite local news team!
Ambassador Duty at the reception for the 2nd Annual Inclusive Excellence Completion at Daniels. Congratulations to all the teams that compe…
Niggas need 2 grow tf up!!! Like i have no further words for this ish
sup im feeling gud too lol
Order sent to Samantha in NH!
naw you scooped that hoe, cuz I left it down stairs an wasn't there when I left. So I got ya now nigga.
NONONONONooooooo let me walk this one off !!!
Who is currently using a #dating #matchmaking service, either online or off? We want feedback! Talk to us #single friends
what is the number one New Years resolution that we all make and are guilty of breaking?
Boston? Is he playing in NY?
donuts sounds gah right now
At #OAH2012? Visit UPK Director Steve Wrinn at Booth 223 for a 30% conference discount on books!
i dunno why but you like unfollowed me. did i do something wrong? D:
Spongebob: "Can you hear me?" Patrick: "No, it's to dark."
hey boo
Watching in The Hammer...great movie
Wait what? Why did my twitter background change?
Hi Daniel, hope all is well ~ Tony
as u said.. it can't get lower than this.. don't care much about her, but I care about GA =D
#SportingKansasCity fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Montreal #SportingKansasCity)
Man must be lit! I told her some devastating news and she replied with : Yayyy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I will discuss education reform with Lou Dobbs on at 7:30 tonight. Tune in!
Ohmygosh , i seen your videos on youtube, you can sing! like seriously! I love singing too(:
I think it's funny that people are complaining about Diablo I servers, having a decade+ of Blizzard track record to shape expectations.
Thinkin I'll watch me some basketball!!
"My hunch is that principals and teachers know the most ..." so says Gov. Jerry Brown.
those people who look like they've never taken a shower. <
Now you may relax, now you may concentrate, now you may focus, now you may anticipate.
Jim Palmer is breaking my heart right now.
Christmas comes early for children in foster care - Gainesville Sun
Is it 9:30 yet? I'm tired.
Thanks dude!
kids/music/work. We drop a new mixtape 5/29/12 called Commencement. We been workin really hard on this one !
Captain America went H.A.M.
If you're drinking a beer out of a punch top can, you're the douchebag in the room.
Agreed! RT : Just saw that group walking down Wisco Ave. Looking good.
Once you lock it, it's OK. It's easy to operate.
That was all and 's show. Glad you enjoyed!
its a little past christmas time but i,m sure I could get him to dedicate another cover to ya :)
that's what I thought.. damn haha
Just because it isn't "ok" doesn't mean it isn't true. Not for or against anyone in trial, just pointing out.
haha honestly I wanted to send u one cinco de mayo but well u know the story <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Who won the award for hottie of the week? The results will be posted this evening on wherethehottiesat.com
i wanna see it(:
Twitter has been messing with me and I haven't been able to post in over a week! I promise to share more good stuff soon!
Skype would be great. What age students do you teach?
thank you god for another day <3 =]
Sorry I haven't been here lately. I am in Ohio still doin' music and voice overs. More music than VO's. #voiceover #VO #voice over
They were awesome D: I wish I was in the pit when I seen them though. I'm going to see them again at Mayhem Festival :3
Check STUFF out tonight, 51 N Sandusky St, Downtown Delaware, OH. P.S. Next weekend is "First Friday" so plan to come back for specials!
I miss you, i miss your smile, and I still shed a tear every once in a while.
Stoked on it too :D
is now IN the airport.
I'm cold just sitting here watching the #Brewers play
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
Being a twatcher isn't a good thing . . . .
Last Friday, I had a bad interview with hiring manager. The hiring manager didn't apply his manager skill. I can't believe it.
I said thinking person's. Not sure how to make that clearer.
When should I start living as if I am a great person? Do it now?
OPINIONS!! :) We're thinking about a new tagline. What do you think about "Wingman: Check in to get checked out"???
Today I find out if I got this job or not. :)
Watching good debate/conversation about Balboa Park future led by the deft on
Hope the #LTDArmy has a great day! We'll be down on the Southside tonight putting up posters for our show at the Smiling Moose on the 24th!
Demolishing my to-do list today, and I haven't even made coffee yet. Amazing!
wat up kid
TUE Dinner Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Pesto Tossed Pearl Pasta & Parmesan Reggiano Cheese
Top A Studio in California with multiple openings is leading the way on finding a better work/life balance. for employees. Ping for more
Praying for Concert Goers at the Indiana State Fair
Saying "or not" when someone doesn't do something you asked them to do.
If he touches my head again I'm going to slap him...
Blair comparing Dan and Chuck was beautiful writing, though. C makes her the.HAPPIEST.
4:20 FUNNY | What do you call a man who rolls in the leaves? Russell.
Thanks, Broadview, for YET AGAIN leaving us with no internet! You love to pee on your customers!
still a little WOOZY from the emergency landing on Friday y'all. Have no fear though, Ill be back on my feet and raising taxes in no time!
Oh rly how old are you ?
maybe i need someone with a P where you have a V… and who puts out
no... I DO! I don't like that memory.
i c u now we gucci lol
Carrying a thick literature book and a simi thick history book..
I think you're a rarity on Twitter, thanks to the demographics.
Heading out for a meeting, ping me on my cell with the 411 when you have the bandwidth.
3-1 in the wheelhouse and he missed it
What a great video! Might use those concepts to revamp the lesson plans for science... and leadership. Thanks for posting!
lmao! I seen your video on Facebook! Lol i was ctfu!
and I signed
It's #FF Celeb Style. Follow one of my favorite actors ! He's trying to reach 100k.
lol then take yo ass to walmart then...random halllin it's because i miss you lol
sleepy sounds in A minor piano improvise with clawhammer banjo
no stop
New topic - EM-5 no IS for non m43 lenses in video mode. :-(
Life still goes on no matter what happens...so always remember to stay strong.
I HATE CompApps class! I'm gettin switched out of CAIII next semester! >___<
Hey Candace, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting some more.
This is some rush hour style traffic... At 1030 on a Saturday... What the hell...
#honestly that bugs me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
my roommate is on OKC and has been LOVING the attention lately. she gets awfully annoying with the "Oh, just another msg..."
Cannot stop watching Brit comedy Peep Show on Netflix... Haven't laughed this hard at a show in ages!
Am I the I'm the only one in DC without Memorial Day weekend plans?
RT : Ann Rhoades to Deliver Keynote at WorkForce Software's Vision 2012 Event: LIVONIA, MI, Jan 05, 2012 (MARKETWIRE ......
Yesterday I cared so much. Today I don't give a fuck. Tomorrow I'll probably care again.
#FF #FF For all your auto repair needs!. He's an awesome tweep.
Rockin out with Bucky at Helen C for perhaps the last time ever. Might challenge him to a headstand contest for kicks.
The next chapter in the Great American Love Story... A Fashion project in Los Angeles, CA by Prospect Denim. Not only do they want to...
looking forward to the SIG tomorrow. See you there.
What's the texting app for in class participation that was on display at the lunch thing this fall?
uh oh I heard you did some work with :D
Hi, Sharon. I will have a glass of wine, but not at First Friday. I'll toast you afterwards, if that's okay. Heal & rest!
Desire...hope...nd faith keeps me...
: I needed an outlet for the stories in my head...and a bit of encouragement from my English professor. What started it for you?
Louise Penny is Canadian... :-)
Thanks for RT :)
Certainly doesn't sound live.
Whatever happened to Baby Jane? Baby Jane pulled a lebron.
It's tomorrow morning and we're stoked!
It appears that way 4 sure. 2 bad. RT : Joel Osteen will never commit to anything because he's standing on the 5th playing it safe.
Mahomies: "Hey Austin" Austin: "Hey" mahomies: "Are you a fast runner?" Austin: "no. Not really, why?" Mahomies: "GET HIM!!111!!!1!!1!!"”
can you handle it? Dance party on repeat!!!!
I enjoyed Quantum of Solace too
Newest #Groupatic followers!
I really liked Patrick Swayze that's very sad news. May he RIP he will be greatly missed.
What yo man dnt no won't hurt himRT My boyfriend gone & I want sex! This isnt right!
- Glad to hear from you. Will definitely look you up for lunch in the near future.
"I tried this one with my pants on with our old dog, Winchester. But he wouldn't sit still, and he died a month later."
My pleasure! Hope u have a great week!
Oh, okay. This is how it's gonna be? Half falling in love with someone while skyping in a bubble bath and drinking beer. FUCK.
That moment when you're walking home and you realize you're sweating..
Would you follow me please? :) much love from Indonesia <3
#Thank you all for the #follow... keep #following and also stay updated via www.akwasifrimpong.com
lmao you're just as bad sometimes bro
RT : you did not disappoint, we'll be back again for sure. you're 'black magic' cocktail, especially delish.
can you put my name in you bio please (:
Thank god for craigslist. It makes getting sold out M83 tickets for me and my gf so much easier
I see you sitting up front!
Jealous! RT : I love that it's 10:30 on a Sunday night and is packed with people.
": F*CK twitter jail though !!" fuck regular jail too¡!¡!
please do not attempt to purchase anything on site. We are still under construction! orders placed will NOT be fullfilled.
Well, you say you love me then and go and ask out my best friend yea okay whatever!!! (i cant wait forever) I thought i loved you E.S
thanks dude
Next tattoo quote ideas anyone? I don't have any #selfishmachines lyrics yet.. (:
Hey if you can read this tweet you've been blessed like me to see another Sunday be Sundays best today!
that would have been too much... *pause* ...actually, no. It wouldn't have been.
now=no hahaha
RT : The men and women who have made the greatest difference in history were the most focused (please retweet)
HUGE #SO to for supporting
Still need to finish 5 books to meet my reading goal for the year. It'd be easier to make it if I didn't have PeskyDayJob this week!
i forgot it was valentines day bc i have no gf its like strange to forget that holiday but idc ive never celebrated it
Here goes nothin'.
From Osceola, WI spotter: 1.03" rainfall over the past hour. also noted water standing in low lying areas on roadways.
win big lose big. just dropped 120000 in one hand.
let me know what happens! :0
Make this dream the best I've ever known
Check out my page
To be honest with you, the main barrier is fear: fear that something we spent years crafting will be stolen and earn nothing.
Alright Bruins. Enough of the bullshit and score a fucking goal...
EPIC, EPIC, EPIC fail by City. EPIC.
let me turn that around come see me ;)
Ok goodnight everyone
My KUP contest on FB winner: If one UNDERSTANDS another's situation, they will practice KINDNESS and PATIENCE with them...human or furry!
I dont like fueling the fire but
HAPPY BIRTHDAY mali! Love you, miss you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
Good Morning! What is new in Brandie's world? What is your latest travel plans?
you got my vote!
At Logan Airport in Boston waiting for flight, had a great time at #scms12 and great to see some many friends at USC party last night
I don't know that there is a list of supporters other than the organizations mentioned. Thanks
Go Skins!!!
Thankful for all the things I have and don't have
I'm sorry you're mad. It's just because I'm better than you, isn't it?
A big thank you, to all of you who voted for my in NC primary!!
Small circle = less problems ...Big circle = bunch of bullshit.
True! And there are already so many daily deal apps. But maybe not in Belgium...
Yes, will make sure I leave early enough on weds to get Jack
Had fun with my buddy deya tonight but time to go to bed has arrived nity nite
Giveaway time! First person in the Valley to message us gets a free 420 Yummy! (must have Dr. Rec. and California ID)
Friends:Only noe a few things about u Bestfriends:Can write a biography of your whole life saying every embarrasing thing!
Most boring parody ever. They just sit there!
#ARathlete look for #nikestrobe really cool stuff that will make you even better than your competition
Used Firefox, just for grins...still stinks. What happened to you? So happy #Chrome exists!
much thanks!!!
stp putting them dirty magic sticks in ur month & u want hv that problem
so our neighbor is jeremy lin?
welcome to twitter. Lets get some followers.
Learn About Your Weight-Loss Options
check dms kenny
TRAFFIC: Crash Regent Street @ Park St - 2 cars involved
DirectTV doesn't carry the channels I program so I can't pay them.
MachineUSA that christmas video was sick good. You should go actor asap.
your music I love so much your AMAZING!!
left the house did some runnings then headed to gig. Will b back after my hit. Look out 4 it LATE 2nite.
i totally agree with you. Alot of my early influences were 80's guitarists. EVH, Slash and others.
Love you Aaron, but my fantasy team could have done with just 3 TDs instead of the 5...
The Sitter is a funny movie . (; <3 aha
It's on this leave her mentions !
Dear your #Tysons #AMC has all their automated ticketing stations down on opening night of a major blockbuster.
If you cheat on a girl that's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty.
Thats the sweetest tweet I've seen from you in while! :P
I don't love "incentivize"...
you will lol [:
Oh ... heh ... my cultural capital has been depleted. :-)
#np Turn To You
: JZ's not tending tonight!
kay. hurry!
other #highered investments/goals: "making American Opportunty Tax Credit permanent" & "2x funds for FWS"
Baltimore Maryland local news headlines from WBAL TV Baltimore
Nothings Free in America. Hustle and Grind
SCHOLL: "... what I believe to be a life-changing opportunity for me. I won't let you down."
I have no idea what you are eating but it looks very disturbing.
Speaking of, you better man up for some long drives in July. Dallas is going to SLAY!
Just finished an essay on a book that i watched :l
My heart's a stereo. It beats for you so listen close.
haha :) I miss you!
you in AZ YET?
Thx to for your efforts in the Restock the Pantry campaign. Donations are needed all year round!
ah. Well, its midnight here and im working the graveyard shift
yay I got my follow back thanks love ya now how about that favorite drink love your song it's my ringtone
Playing with at Taps and Tapas tonight in Nashville.. hope you can all make it out!!!!
You realize you don't have an umbrella right when the sky goes pitch-black at 8 AM & lightning hits Lake Michigan.
Of course!! My mother, who loved LOF & is v crafty, has sent me many many suggestions! This will be my bookish hostess debut! ;)
that's what I like to hear ;)
Just cause its mothers day dosent mean I'm your slave....
Guess who stalled out on her way home from work???? Not the first time and it certainly won't be the last
Got a boyfriend lecture from my Grandmas nurse Trina...
girl we will be looking mighty fine! (:
oh how cool :)x
Suggestion – Fifth, Speak about the city or even the specific location of the event.
So let's hear it! Start dropping names. Or maybe just initials, so we can guess. :)
you say 2 weeks of Harbaugh v. Harbaugh would be too much? Your obsession with Tebow is the definition of "too much".
I've partied in Puebla before. I would see your set there than im my hometown of Las Vegas any day!
morning have a great
When I heard the news this am of Brian Dawkins retirement from football my heart was saddened to see him go the main reason I was an eagle
I wish I had 5 hour energy
So much else going on tonight.. NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs & MLB baseball. Gotta love the month of May!
Did Theresa win a chipotle lunch again?
hmphfff. Man of your word? I think not!
My twitter is so fucking creepy. What's wrong with me. Done posting "love tweets."
Worlds Unknown: The Regions Ignored by Google Translate
Seems that the more prominent entertainment industry tweeps should do more to campaign/inform abt the absolute debilitating nature of drugs?
it's kind of true that you can make the stupidest picture look cool haha but it's like twitter for your own pictures
If you are into #DC #brunch and #charity, you NEED to check this new org out!!!!! First brunch is April 15.
hey F:S! I just sent over my application to be your next social media intern! Hope you like what you see :)
So why do I care, I care at all At all At all At all
"""Heidegger brought our fears to the center of his existential philosophy"""
Speechless... absolutely speechless... 32 yards?
Seniors at tonight's Senior/Faculty Banquet be sure to say hi to who wants to hear about your favorite memories at Simmons!
I have a co-write :( !break a leg!
Make sure you create something for Mother's Day.... don't just buy it. "B" A Movement #B BELOW THE BRIM
I am now offically in a suburban neighborhood as I was invited to join the monthly Bunko game...I had vowed I would never do that-LOL
. I'm getting so much spam on here nowadays; have you jumped the shark?
Check out Nathan's Tree!! A new contemporary Christian band with a desire to spread the message of Jesus through music!
Fat ass. . I bet cake crumbs be ur mouth when u wake up n shit
Finally upgraded to premium. So worth it.
Watching the sandlot in creative writing
Amazing offer in Bethesda, MD: 52 % OFF QiGong, Acupuncture, Yoga www.healthydeals.com via Plz check it out!
thanks asshole. Now you got me singing it again.
Next person who mentions their follower count is getting reported for spam and I'm stealing all their good tweets
Looking for a great late lunch?! Come to the B for a Turkey Scallopini, or a B Veggie burger! Open until 5 today!
“: Does anyone realize USF is 6-3 in Big East? #STANHEATH” As long as you have that's enough, Dickey V!!!
More locations in the East Bay: and Pegasus Books (College Ave.) are now selling Issue No. 6 for $1.
We're Florida based too - love to chat about collaborating.
More <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089> after I leave the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0088> gotta be fresh for super chevy bitches.....
Good night Twitter Mmwah;)
No. I need to wake up at 6-7 so I can work out hard. And then pig out on protein. I cant do that at 3pm. :(
Good! How Busy as always, which is a good thing. How abt you?
The Holiday season is upon us and this is our gift to you! Enjoy HALF-OFF massage every Saturday in December! By appointment only. http:/
thanks - sent a fax to the gift card dept. It was definitely stolen, but I have the original receipt.
RT : It's hard having a friend of the opposite sex when youre in a serious relationship
: "Say hi to yuh mutha for me."
At the Nat, watching the #IndyGrandprix. Still cool to me that these are the swimmers we'll see wearing USA in London.
sweet, maybe I'll see you when I get in. What bay are you in?
Huntsman: Bo Xilai case will be isolated, now part of anti-corruption campaign
HTC Taps into Tegra 2, Android for Upcoming Tablet [Tablet News]
Yess!!! Lol “: I just had to advise that I was always available to sing background for pulling me through”
#OomfNeedsTo make up their damn mind already
Tonight stupid as fuck
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
So many people adding me daily that its hard to keep up.. If you added me to your home brewing circle, I'll try and get through all the...
So, I just knocked over my watering can on my balcony. People on 2nd Ave are prob pissed. Sorry... It was a total accident.
FACKKKKK My Computer Is Dying.
A great day for Georgia music therapists. SB 414 passed in the Health & Human Services Committee allowing licensure for MTs.
Charles needs to do more Golds Gym and less Jenny Craig.
so you do RT ur fans, i like that.
Okay with all that, we get it lol
thorough, yet tweeted from the wrong account.
I work in a shelter for homeless peoples here in New York
- My sentiments exactly re the swiss army knife with the flash drive! :)
Are you a labeorphilist - a collector of beer bottles? If so, pick up a Dundee Variety Pack this weekend to add to your collection.
For my fellow PR pros, does it date me to use the word 'backgrounder?'
hahahahaha no way
A small crowd gathers around Alonzo Ball as he sits on one of his 3 horses accross the street from Trinity Baptist Church.
so glad you are here!
At backstage for the play.....
No podium in my AG but PR'd none the less! Good to get a race in. I needed that for training motivation.
I'm getting use to this thanks for ya help
Any Vikings stadium plan that requires the demolition of Lee's Liquor Lounge is a bad one. Lee's has won just as many Lombardi Trophies.
Thank you for the RT! ^TM
so true
You should put 1D or Harry in your backround!!
followers of ---> NOW follow
thanks for the follow, but guessing you may have been looking for they're cool too.
LOVE it
Thank You #trueblue you Rock!
Lol sorry k fell asleep
Hmm, Im thinkin I can two more hours of sleep in. "Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep..."
feel free to get some more $ and take any of my shifts this week..finals kicking my ass
Damn pine tree's... heading out to clean up these FU^*ing needles. Blow that shit into the neighbors area..lol
Can anyone think of a venue in Vegas that can hold 100-200 people doing Yoga?
The #JJHC2011 committee would like to thank Brook Kroeger, Kate Panuska, Faculty and Staff of , John Breslin, Elliot King..
I also realized I can't spell garbanzo, and it's the same word in Spanish: ¡Pues, callate et dame un garbanzo, idiota!
At least it works on iOS! Maybe we should, at some point, find an audio only streaming provider. In fact I know Mixlr is great
whta's happening to the un?????terrosrists make speeches!!!!
Keep the Rio pics coming!
Lmao!! ": Cheers to Glad u Nama-stayed ur ass in Houston. Took me all mornin to come up with that #sad"
Museums are respected institutions that can bridge the gap with schools in encouraging the use of twitter, YouTube, Wikipedia.
I would like to thank Tina Price in the Short Sale Department for her diligent work & assistance in closing 9913 Ardwick Green Way
I looked for you but you were probably watching mean girls
all this Orioles karma prob means the Ravens will be horrid this year
is on the voice. Congrats on the better hair.
get over here and you can! Actually, I have to leave in 10 mins... But I'll see you after that!
This little birdie sees blue skies!! The sunroof open, windows down and music providing the soundtrack for the evening to come!
This song got me thinkinnn !
" Sounds like the Bears wont get Mario Williams.... appears the Bills are in the lead--with the most money"
Have fun at #140cuse today! Had a ticket, but couldn't make it >>
both white wine & salt work, it depends how bad the spill is
Duh, Of course.. He know how I like it. Lol, More than that fye head this timee. He gone dope me. LMAO
Woah? Natl Margarita Day? How did we miss that one? Oh well, we'll celebrate 2day ;) RT Yesterday was Natl. Margarita Day...
Am I really the target market for emails that say 'Real Sexy Older Singles in Your Area'? Really?!
Put a folk in it. New York is done.
AW! HUGS!
Balboa Park Wi-Fi now live with 40+ access points... 30 more to come. My favorite is the ZoneFlex 7762-S with a 300M range!!
For everybody staying in tonight itss okay! We goin hard young!
RT : Hey SD -- Who's coming to Park @ Park today to watch the #Padres season opener? Away at the Park starts at 1:00! Free parking!
Too many girls want attention not enough want respect.
your tweets wouldn't have showed up in my feed of I wasn't following you
I love Alysha Bremer! A great friend(;
Kisses to my new people ! Tx 4 the follow!
Hey everyone - we're The Paramount & we're getting ready to burst onto the scene this spring w/ great music, food, drinks + more. Follow us.
okay. Just wanted to make sure it made it in good order.
“: I love you SS!” I love you so much too!!! So happy to see you on here again!!! Xoxoxoxoxoxo
OK I need a recipe for some awesome mini-loaves of bread or something to make for a family foodie exchange.. HELP!
I was @ game last night. He was lights out. He had just hit a big three when he got hurt.
Mario "Foul ball, back in the booth." Rod "Where you goin?!"
im moving :/ it stinks I move like every year so I have no friends :(
#Merry #Christmas!
This next album will really set me apart. It doesn't sound like anything I've ever heard in my life.
SO WHEN YOUR LONELY ALL U GOTTA DO IS CALL ME..
Hope you slept well! Thanks for stopping here, we loved having you. Send Fred photos when you can.
I'm too attached to the people here, can I take them all with me?
Us, Today... new song? Done. Hear it at MOTR on Feb.12th!
Perhaps we live in a peculiar state of grace
he keep fucking forgetting what he teach tf trying be a English teacher nshit. Bitch u teach gym!
Will Smith and Angelina Jolie are my absolute two favorite actors.
is there a particular account I should tweet at to report app issues?
That awkward moment when astrology twitters are obviously run by your friends...#right?
I knit or play guitar. Sweeping works, too.
Maybe Francona will now go the way to Damon, Boggs, and the Babe: to the Bronx. And would someone please throw at Carlos Guillen?
Heading to South Park Abbey Restaurant for launch party for West Coaster, the new voice of craft beer aficionados in San Diego!
No problem:)
and make momentum changing plays and force #UofA to call a timeout. 19-14 Buffs.
I'll have to check it out. Haven't used it.
Thank you thank you thank you, good sir! Ah! The finale was perfect. You know what I'm talking about. Chuck and Blair. <3
Happy 4th of July!
wow, by the CELL? now 7,000 data sets open
at a set tryna turn up
Would you rather with :)
It took a little time to get into but now it's so weird it's kind of good.
#FF to & ! Follow for info on upcoming events like tonight’s launch of #WonderlandFridays. Be there @ 9!
Shittiest week in recent memory. Roll on 5pm. Happy hour in Milwaukee is going to be abused.
What's the wife look like?!
On my 3rd hour marking bibliographies, I really want to fiddle on Wikipedia. I settle for writing this tweet. Back to work.
follow and please :D x18
The 305 is good man. How's PA? You still w/ the USTA? RT : What's good Boris? How is the 305 treating you?
75% could work too. 65 is too low.
Still haven’t checked out our college night? 9.99 for a Lrg 1-topping, 4 sodas & photobooth coupon:dine in 5-close w/ valid ID
you're right. I'm sorry.
The officer was in the wrong for imputing incorrect data and it resulted in a innocent man being shot. If not the officer who pays for that?
How are you feeling this morning?
Cleveland Policeman Steve Loomis supports and voted for Phil Pavarini for Cleveland clerk of courts , and you should too
'The Larry Sanders Show' is streaming on Netflix. In related news, I'm positive that Dr. Phil is a character played by Jeffrey Tambor.
Why was Cinderella able to surf the web?Because he footman turned into a mouse.
Work why dont you stop being a dick
btw who the fuck owns a globe these days? <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008F>
all that sounds awesome but replace boyfriend with a girl then it would be better!
please follow me I love your tweets!
if it doesnt work out, you can always do like Al Bundy and make a 'Tang-wich'...tang + bread
What a crazy game wow
everyone's getting their nails done.. Except me..
LOL! If I did that with Ramen, I'd need the paramedics on speed dial.
Two things: 1) Make it a pro UK story and 2) I can't believe you stood me up for my prom. was right about you.
Mixing my new CD-day 2
hey, what's so funny. I was pretty hardcore back then.
No, I won't be live tweeting. However, if you want to be on the list to know when baby arrives Text CLARA to 68398. Powered by
I gotta possible gig for u, wussup Moe!?
We will finally get to meet you today. Look for our Baby Blue shirts. Great News.
. Whatever next ?
Why can't things get better
Anyone up for lunch after this time slot?
Referee actually assessing penalty on Devils for playing "Party Rock" in tense OT situation
I need to put my laundry away and do some work.... But ooooooohhhhh csi is on.
when I was cool?
Watching Matilda with takes me back!
You know what's going to happen, A J will win 20 for the Buc's if he is traded. Never fails when they leave Yanks
Ive gained this terribly awkward habit of wishing people a good day and even though they dont say it back to me I say thank you.
That was...quick.
Dear #Obama, could u please spare us all & STOP using "I want to be absolutely clear!" Now I want to be CLEAR-STOP using that worn out line!
Its funny when they be like that rihhhhhhh .
I am never gonna change my background 1. Because I love it 2. Because the picture is on my other computer and I can't find it anymore:(
sure. most weeks are open for me. will email you a few times.
Welcome back to the bay area Mr Tejada and welcome to the 2010 World Series champions!!
I think soo....
Somebody make this man sit down!
Court docs suggest motive for murder in Pearl District was robbery. Police say they found the victim's watch and wallet on the suspect.
Yeah. I'm teaching race/ethnicity and obesity on Monday. You can bet your ass I'm using that as a counter example.
When I meet somebody, I want to leave a better impression than when I got there. -Tim Tebow
so _that's_ why my BART ride smelled like a Bacon Cheeseburger the last time I was there.
The morning's getting better with every sip of coffee! Here's to #MaxwellHouse m... m... Good ;)
It actually only takes a HS education to have decent grammar.
I almost put that on Facebook
Stupid gas is much cheaper down here in Texas. And it shows.
No, you don't. Because I didn't do anything.
12/16/2010 Landing Pages: What are they, and how will they drive new business leads to your site? Romero Research & Design
Might head out to the mall to buy my mom her giftt ..
#FridayReads finally getting to Leon Perotta's the Leftovers, and I am so flipping excited to read this book :)
back to work after 15 days off grid. quite overwhelming, esp 350 emails to sort through.
NLT is looking for an experienced CAD Archivist. This will be a short-term contract opportunity in Baltimore, MD. Must have experience w…
sent it to your inbox
I may have a headache, but you best believe the radio will be on full blast when Lullaby by Nickelback comes on
Canes is closing? Somebody better open a venue devoted to Tribute Bands STAT!! Cha-ching!
lol troy is still terrified
: suborbital industry marks a move away from a capacity-limited market to a demand-driven one
Don't stand to close to the heater girl.... Plastic melts.
How are you today?
pick a subject anything I got it
Can I request you don't post any more articles for the next 2 weeks while try to write final papers and study for exams? Thanks.
Happy 21st to my best friend!!
I've decided I finally feel ok being honest with myself about the type of person I want to have a romantic relationship with.
we do NYE in style, ALL-INCLUSIVE style > www.bignightdc.com < you won't pay INFLATED prices for food & drink, it's included in your ticket!
only 12 trying to tell me that he like my style
Prediction: In Detroit, the tweets per second after an Inge walk off homer would exceed that of Obama's gay marriage support yesterday.
Sweet!! Im glad you liked it!! lol were planning on doing that at a really big show :) lol like in september with chiodos!
Ugh, dude, I was gonna have a house party for Allstar this Summer. But it's freaking 20k. Like are you kidding me.
It started at two around here. TPR HH, nothing like it. Can't wait for Rascal tomorrow. We are gonna be six rascals dancing about.
If I'm ever in a financial position to buy my own house, the two things I'm adding are a firepole and one of those bookcase doors.
My Fantasy BB team is dying. RT : Getting tougher and tougher, though. At some point Weeks needs to start getting some hits.
Thanks for the RT!
turn on NBC. They're putting the names up.
I'm urging them to schedule a screening for students specifically in this area. Agree we need them on board
maybe if you told me before I got back...
Gearing up for egg hunting with my side of the family! Wow. My kids are insanely happy today.
Woodfish recording more tracks at Suffolk Recording Studios June 20th!
and awesome!
Same here! So fun! Happy Weekend! RT So happy to spend time with you both today! Thank you :)
that's the truth!
You were my world.you were everything I though about .You were someone I always thought I could never live without. Did you see the WERE
Good Morning World.
Barrett spokesman says Walker trotting out unverified numbers "to mask his economic favor"
Grateful for life.
Any new shirt ideas for this coming baseball season which starts in tminus 42 days... #
Join the for live blues music with Tommy Dukes Blues Band, Sat. May 19, 9pm. No cover charge!
you had to put that . lmfao haha But yeah He is youurs we established that already (:
Open at 11 for Red River Shootout. Irish at 2:30. Some LSU also. Good Food, Cold Beer. Get in here!
that is awesome, did u bring them w/u 2 #innotech? If not we hv cell phone collection boxes locations
No follow back = unfollow back
Can't believe it's only Wednesday. Longest week ever.
We are hiring the following FT opps: Interactive Art Director, Graphic Designer, PHP Developer, Front-End Web Developer, Lead Technologist.…
hell back!
let's save water? So, justin, can I take a shower with you? *kidding* Follow me pls *_*
This is an interesting study! There are some very talented female administrators in sports...
sure will...we'll catch up sometime once we're back...
I know I'm so sorry I'm such a lagger :( I need to fix this problem.
going on now, Urban Encounters: SightLine - Motion Art Presentation @ 8PM FREE EVENT outdoors at 14th & Champa in Denver
After the start of show 4 I realized Dave isnt Ryan Reynolds
MAAAAARRRTY MARTY MARTY!!
Preaching my first message this weekend at RC3 on idol worship. Just now realizing that if I do a good job everyone there will be offended.
How much of our tax $ is being used for the supposed #Rapture tomorrow? #NORADTracker #CDC preparing for #ZombieAttack makes sense tho. :)
I liked frank where can I find him ;)
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron AirBud. But only on the basketball court.
Thanks for the help with RBZ last week. Love em
It's a date! RT : Thanks for the warm welcome and hope to see you at Donovan House soon!
Thanxz for Following me ! Much love ma !
Old C with my #NAPA crew!
Nortel bankruptcy mediation begins with $9 billion on the table - Toronto Star
thanks bud. I'm sure today is not easy for you.
I like the rain, there i said it. So if you would kindly not drive like assholes we can all enjoy natures sweet melody, KTHANXBAI!
Great big band rehearsal last night! Performance at my recital on April 29!
right there with you. What a waste of perfectly good weekend.
Trying out this new iPhone app. You speak into your phone and it does all the typing for you! texting and driving is back in business!
you're my hero.
RT : They couldn't have picked a better person to sing this. Jennifer Hudson
Can we advertise on the site?
Massage Therapy in town today . OIAs this week
#HighSchoolMemories When tropical storm and hurricane come and they use to call off school. Them was my favorite days.
Just plugged in a USB cable on the first try! Woo hoo!!! Take that, 4th dimension!
yes! embarrassing or they remind you that you're thinking too hard, even when you're at rest. haha
There are a lot of drunk people on this train for a Saturday afternoon.
That's like having a friend that thinks it's okay to say The Phantom Menace is the best movie of the Star Wars saga. smh
They won't panic? Smh What do you call all the hate tweets to Shabazz? Stay classy.
I wanna be someones superhero. <3
But I can't eat anything there!
Well, it looks like I gotta get my machine singing beautiful songs. Pronto!
published? Roomie is published? Tell me where so I can look it up!
Honored to be part of the Songwriters Night @ The Mucky Duck in Houston tomorrow night w/ Lisa Morales, Graham Wilkinson & Brian Keane!
native communities have no word in their languages for art. They consider it just what u do. Live.
": Okayy then don't talk to me ! #igotyou"
true story: Roy Halladay's son is on my Little League team that I coach.
can tweet bible scripture from a rotary phone.
"THE DEEDS YOU DO TODAY MAY BE THE ONLY SERMON SOME PEOPLE WILL HEAR TODAY" --Saint Frances of Assisi
Love is like war: Easy to begin but hard to end.
Two bain girls found. Adam mayes is dead.
Every time I hear Jean Alesi, I think of those powerful Ferrari V12 engines. What if IndyCar tried something crazy like that?
is that online somewhere?
Obamacare - If it was a right, you would have the right to refuse.
“: did they announce how far that Bruce hr was?” -- I'm sure they will as soon as it lands
This syndrome is most likely caused by a hormonal imbalance and can be reversed naturally
Obama--wow wow wow.
And on that note, I do. And use incognito browsing. Because if the rest of the world is anything like me, beware!
LEATHER FURNITURE HAS TIMELESS APPEAL
Think imma try to get my nose pierced this weekend.
thanks for all the #FF appreciate it.
Thanks Carlos! Looking forward to partnering on something at Content Marketing World!
what's your real name ....
I'm hopeful <3
makes me happyy :D
Hannah deserves a standing o!
#SOTU health care talk at last! Says won't go back to insurers could rescind policies, deny coverage or charge women more
Suddenly I feel like hell up in the nose-n-throat. I must be allergic to not smoking and to posting updates.
Summer rain sweet rain!
163 members of Congress voted to stop DEA raids of medical cannabis facilities. Thanks to all who worked so hard to
both during elections and in between to ensure our officials represent the 99% rather than corporate "people" who fund campaigns
-__- gahhhh Y U SO SLOW!?
updating my picture....there are so many places to do such a thing now a days
Wait...isn't a #MIprimary that's too close to call kind of the same thing as a #RomneyFail?
With a cool start this morning and clouds on the increase temps will stay in the 50's today. Slight chance of rain in the afternoon.
There's nothing short of dyin that's half as lonesome as the sound of the sleeping city sidewalk and sunday morning coming down
at least im drinking tea 8)
want to change up your cardio workout. Try HIT runs. Makes for a great change and calorie burn.
Morning guys. i'm freakin tired.
How so? I can't wait to get the CD!!
Women that break plans...
I cry on this movie every time
Pietrus looked solid in warm ups. With short bench he could have some openings.
Yay for Hunger Games and BIG yay for the gym!!! I'm going to HG tomorrow.
unfollow them then honey!(:
Thanks a lot, Nicholas. We appreciate it and look forward to seeing you on the 28th.
- thanks for the follow - let's get The Playground on your radar ;)
heh. Im tired
walking down memory lane this morning...nostalgia with my AM coffee
I can't never say my mom didn't tell me so
WHERE DA BRO TORY AT CUZ IM ABOUT TO STEAL HIS TWEET LBVS
anytime! Happy Friday!
Finally checking out my building's rooftop. Now just need the sun to come out..
A few observations/themes from listening to ag producers and agency reps today: Input prices continue to climb while crops prices flat.
The results from my finals are in: All A's and A-'s in my graded courses! Maybe I should have expresso more often excluding 9 shots vers.
Having one of my last cups of cappuccino and fullo.. kimchi mushroom.. saltcheese.. indomie again..
I am in! Headed that way now. Cc:
I wonder if people in Arizona are ever like: "Well, I'm nauseous, but it's a DRY heave, you know."
I'm going to go enjoy the Denver sun instead of reading everybody's terrible trade ideas. That one's for
you got it anytime buddy! Thanks! for the support
When we hear 's vocals bounding though every hall of the Simmons Center, we know it's going to be a good night.
RT : Why do students put MY name on their papers? I know my name. If it was class name/section that would make sense.
Laptops for Kids & Teens starts at 3:30pm. Because it's easier to coordinate your team's strategy when you don't have to library-whisper.
Toms and stripes today
white papers are all the rage - they are replacing Ambien as new #1 sleep aide!
Snow, time to break out some hot cocoa and oversized sweaters c:
I wish I felt as good as you do about this team
will u plz #follow me plzzzzz
I'd absolutely love to take you out :)
Hahahaha no! Definitely not!
There is Buddha for those who don’t know what he is. There is no Buddha for those who know what he is. Buddhist Proverb
Hey new twitter friends!
That is a great looking watch. I want it. :)
Thank you so much for all you've done and all the great memories! We will miss you!
Finally, I haven't been on here in days... Smh!
RT : My brother is a doctor & delivered a baby named Y'all-Jealous Jones today. This is not a joke. Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES.
First smart toothbrush with Bluetooth interface
nice page
congrats ! she gave you(:
yikes...which is it ???
Those Astros/Colt 45s jerseys DO look pretty sweet. I'd wear one of them, and I HATE the disAstros...
This week's post will focus on education costs, the return of the investment, and the economic effects of higher education.
I think im going to make an album just for on my phone because of all the pictures she takes w/ it and just leaves it there.
well that's good so am i
Do you think Packers might be able to get a shot at either RB in draft?Trent Richardson or LaMichael James
Red lobster date with tha boo :)
okay they still taking all day ugh lol
S.F
“: Do You Guys Think It's Time For A New Avi ?”Sure why not..
We want you at our event! Let us know if you're free May 21st from 12:30-3:30
glad you liked it!
Been watching holiday movies on Hallmark. Thank you Larry Levinson...
Everyone I've ever dated has been a perfect ten...to someone
Back on this incredible hulk shit
Hey guys! Get the word out!
Needs to be productive...
Today is my annual attempt to clean out the garage day, oh joy.
We use a highchair/booster that sits on a regular chair. Seems to keep everyone happy (and marginally cleaner)
Being as funny as Jimmy Fallon
Niggas need to sit back & just play the role mayne
#SomeFactsYouShouldknow, You're getting confusing and i don't know right now?
ha ha, I think I did. I was drunk and lazy. That is funny. Great pick up on poor twitter etiquette!
Sucks getting up for bootcamp w/ , missing my bus by 10 secs & the early train. This late train is slow!!!
Twitter is trying to meddle with me!! Haha my DM's are all out of whack and I've lost my photos :(
Catching up with technology with
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving,. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Getting drunk with our seemingly never ending supply of Shiners.
Likewise, thank you for the follow and the great support!
i been to 2 diff clinics an got 2 diff answers but im pretty sure im 15 weeks. ill find out for sure this week.
Kicking off the afternoon: moderating a Personalization Industry Outlook feat.
I was enchanted to meet you.
Tomorrow might be the last day I get to wear a Ranger jersey till next season that is depressing
like the logo a lot. :)
Im #Feeling u like im #Blind promise me u won't #Waste my
San Diego Zoo today!! Yay - never been! :)
Big Bang was great! Really fun episode!
what up man welcome to the flock bruh. Gt ya twitter game up!
Jam sesh in the studio to 's with me?! Love it! -Ashley
We cannot let LA respond quickly now
no sir I can't help you with countertops, but if you'd like to request a Flo Rida song I'm very capable..
every time I want to tweet to you it comes up with T-Swift first. I'm considering just unfollowing her.
I said I'm okay but I know how to lie.
I think that it was Scooter who posted that malaria tweet on Justins account. Justin is partying, he's not gonna be tweeting about malaria.
Rap makes me want to get nasty, maybe it's because all they sing about is sex. Ah skeet skeet. Word.
Create Commons 4 R's - reuse, redistribute, revise, remix.
my wrestler is the undertaker, becuase he the best entertaning wrestler to watch :-)
i know but they had the game cj blew it
Casting for a film 3 white females age 17-25 mature RT! $
"I liked being able to move along at my own pace. I was able to complete the course in just over a month!" - S. Burghoof
That's not about today's opinion.
Senators see ballooning national crisis: helium shortage: At a sleepy Senate hearing Thursday morning, the Energy and Natural Resourc...
I'm hoping we can do it, loyalty is something I'm guilty to a fault on, I respect how you feel tho........
No matter where u are in life, your
Proud of u!!! Looking forward to pub crawl this Sunday
I'm quiet so I say a little. But my actions speaks loud
Feel sorry for the guys out there.
OH LORD <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
haha no problem!
My weekend has officially began... begun? Started!
In game interviews are ok I guess, but when you are showing the interview in the booth INSTEAD of the game? That's just stupid.
your parents died D: im so sorry
Well, just killed it on MTVs NYE special with Mac Miller. Dance is still lots of fun :) #proudsistertweet. Happy New Year! Xo
the same reason guys do... THEY'RE SEXY :)
It seems like everyday I hear about another library system that is pulling Fifty Shades of Grey. I thought we had moved passed banning books
The "just 5 more minutes" stage of sleepiness when you know you have to wake up and be some where but u can't get up <<<
school is trending !! UCLA ^^
Dear John Lennon - I sure hope you passed on some of your superstar talents to me given that I was born on the same day you died.
follow my new business page
Ahh just saw a restaurant down town called Pita Belly :). It reminded me of
U are a amazing man. I've been a fan of Urs since fftl. Thank U for being you. Owner of Broductions Entertainment -Justus Kalson
Thanks. ISTE is only a part of our time in San Diego - we want to hit the zoo and Legoland as well.
Having a late lunch with my Mom, cousins and niece for my Mom's 65th birthday...
I made fish and chips for us...he said he wasn't hungry..a few mins later he puts a frozen pizza in the oven...thx...
Tall guys give the best hugs(:
hey Pretty Lady ! Did you get your Stinky on this weekend?? D
Buy a new one. She deserves it RT anybody know any tricks to get the smell of vomit out of a car seat??? my baby is sick :-(
That Awesome Feeling In Your Throat When You're Chewing Minty Gum Then Drink Water (;
nigga i'm so fucking sick i think i'm dying...
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; - Romans 3:23 KJV
Is there any books or papers you can send to us for review?
I got give her game proper, spit it so she'll get it, there she is I got to stop her.
Do you have a facebook?
I figure one day I'll be able to get a decent amount of sleep with this splint on..maybe just maybe..
Looks like a good win for Louisville.
follow my bad bro i switched pages
People in attendance to comment about #amendment1 will still get to talk, though.
Uuuugggggghhhhhh I'm so BORED!!!!!!!!!! follow or tweet? I love u so much and it would make my day much more awesome!
Being #lazy and watching #oldschool TV shows. Saved By The Bell and Boy Meets World...they just don't make em like this anymore.
Sounds good Lisa!
keeps me busy
I have a french test tomorrow.
I know you're wondering what's wrong and if I'm okay....honestly I can't say that I know I am
did you pick up some pork chops? I need to hit up Bashas for some pork chops
a que hora?
We should specify -- it could be a basement, cellar, castle or dungeon-type looking location. HELP!!! #location #movie #comedy #help!
Following you! =D
you making it out to west coast for the block parties this weekend?
Dear , please stand with farmworkers. We'll happily pay the extra 1c a pound. via
I get tired just thinking about joining a gym.
Drummed for 2.5 hours with the Pigtown community. Good times!
Just days away from the 30th Annual Heart of Texas Regatta! Are you ready? What are you looking foward to? Any predictions?
Shout out to on that 1-trip-zeros tweet...WHATWHAT! Congrats!
we will!:D please follow mee<3
Paradoxically when I lessened my NEED & expectations 4 the deeper connection, our connection deepened
What #NACUA AC session are u most looking forward 2? "Dealing with High Profile Interest and Advocacy Groups and Agitators" is up there.
My only human friend is brittney smith all my other friends are cats.....
ONG THE SHADE OF IT ALL
25% OFF ALL DAY!!! Use code browns25 at checkout to receive discount! W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer25
how are you?
Can't believe May is almost here! 9 day class May 2nd and Eve. class May 3rd! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
I'm going to the BTR concert and I'm so excited!!
It's officially a dusty bluebird day here in Anchorage, Alaska. I'm not sure whether I'm glad to be inside or sad that I'm not outside.
Wow abdc is really good lol, did he follow u & thank u(:
YES! Very scary!
I dont think anyone is judging for eating, I think ppl are just in awe of the entire situation which isnt helping him!
It's True..
Eugene O'Neill on The Iceman Cometh: "A big kind of comedy that doesn't stay funny very long."
When I see it, on video in five years, I will send you a direct review!
Lol its funny when one of my mixed/white friends try tahh qett qhetto.! Lmao my tummy hurts...:'(
slow but I'm about to stop planning and start making some decisions (also title of a book :-)
Thanks Britni. Look forward to hearing from you Jewel.
most definitely! I think it gives us new energy haha
When it comes to online video if you can say it in 30 seconds, do it.
hello cutie
I need that 6000.00 from PRA to start there but etting it could be harder than normal
yes you did. Their still sitting by the door where you left them
is so gorgeous and talented i hope she follows me :)
You are very welcome. Thanks for the mention :)
Happy B-Day, love ya:) JR
When someone asks "whats wrong?" and there the problem.
Rock chalk
Winding down at #delltechcamp Great day at the O2
Too lazy to get up and get a book I need. Might be the lingering effects of thanksgiving.
Would anyone else like a shoutout before i hop in the shower?
Patrick told me its swellers/Ymas co headliner
In the studio with
Sounds interesting. I might just have to give it a Twhirl! Ha, sorry, I Just couldn't avoid the pun!
seriously with this train
So excited for this summer! The more I talk about it the more I just wanna leave!
You're just gonna have to creep on my music instead.
“: If When stuck in traffic, the only lane that doesn't move is yours ... Retweet #hateLAtraffic”
I've got you pegged (generously) at 70 +/- 10
Carlito Fuente knows how to produce a fine product. Good times
Uncle Miles coming through with a giant bag of PopSicles for the team! Yay!
I love you my amigo! Haha
always :). Thanks
Vaughn went to sleep on me <U+E40B>
Trade show display specialist offering a wide variety of quality display products and service our customers
Am I the only person that hates EVERY SINGLE O'FALLON BEER MADE?
Ha, fair point
Congrats to for the NEA grant to support your amazing event!
Issue number 14.16 has just hit the printing press. We got it out early, kids will be happy tonight.
WOO HOO, more rain!
The Cougs lose by 15 but were 36.5 point underdogs. They played pretty well, and showed some good things during the game.
thx for follow! Love love love God is Dead (story & book). Curious: which came 1st: idea to name Powell, or not (as in The Sun)?
New to the twitter thing. Sorry for the late response. I'm breaking new ground in my industry w/interior design. lets talk.
Dear Vegas, may I have my soul back?
you make me wanna!
Every time you hear a fart, say: "I should have bought Toot Away... yesterday."
oh, sorry, i couldn't tell. happy easter to you and the fam. is it still sunday in japan?
Congratulations for $1,000 in revenue and landing a new vendor!
Please email your November events in Press Release format to
pretty good (: and you??
I do not ever want to write a blog post again about something as complicated as EU privacy laws. Never. Again.
Usa soccer
Digital organizing at #demtraining. Pintrest? Huh?
about gramps...we will keep u in our prayers
see you then. Bring your appetite.
besides me and two other people if you want clarification
#Virgo is grateful for the chance to find some solitude on this busy holiday to let go of external stress and connect to the God within
What do you say re: value-add & performance evals that claim to account for those "conditions"?
If I can just make it through Wednesday..
Great info already!!! :)
my skin is theirs
Fuck, I don't wanna get up in the AM
"If you bite and devour one another, take heed that you be not consumed one of another."~Galatians 5:15
#OFFLINE going off for the night be on tomorrow aint going in school until 10.40
I am so happy for Dave and even if she did steal my dream husband :p jk jk he wouldn't marry a fan xD
yea, basic training shows the traditional side of the military when people used to be motivated.
More artists' resources coming soon... Taking a short break from the interwebs. @ us if we missed your event/news/info!
why r u crying
So I got a question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement #you'reloveismydrug
Well it's 7am. Guess its time to go to bed.
Hopefully this one is better !
Well damnit if I miss writing why am I tweeting about it?
To hear songs from: The Sweet JuJu Band go to: www.reverbnation.com/bobspeirs
To hell with studying... I'm done for the night. Hot shower then bed for this girl.
Comptroller Franchot is already here.. Fashionably early? I plan to thank him for getting my state tax refund back so quickly
Calcium deposits are awful....
I was late for work i sat in traffic gotta get my ass in bed early but i wont i'll be up on this freakin computer.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Had a dream last night I was hired to redesign California Pizza Kitchen. Like, all of it. Honestly, it wasn't hard.
thanks, all for coming out to last night. Glad we could be a sponsor along with , , , & a bunch more.
I'll be drinking Pretty Things Beer and Ale Project - Jack D'Or and Brooklyn Brewery - Googa Doc Pomus (cause I like the name).
#JetBlue is having another PR weather-related nightmare. Are they the only airline leaving people for 7 hours? If so, why?
At least Gogo doesn't shut down IM, like on Southwest : )
is going to enjoy the State Fair of Texas with my mommy today!
LOOL good brother! :') tbh it did kinda work cos up till this day i'm shit scared of taxis :$
lmfao i just sawthe pic of us! WHERE ARE THE ONES WHERE WE MADE THE MAC & CHEESE!? with the spoon on my tummy hahaha
Let's follow each other!
throwed off remix old songs gettin played
What a shitty fantasy week for my team.
Cholesterol and Fat.
Break a leg!
All kinds of pairing happening today - UI, dev spikes, SQL. Feels (and sounds) good.
Weed b having some of yal breathe smelling like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Visit Capital One's new recruiting site for college students: www.capitalone-campus.com
Have a happy and safe New Year's Eve and New Year's holiday!
I would!! LMFAO! My little cousin was looking at me like I was nuts
Rum Punch
YAYYAY I just realized its Friday!!
Ripped out the carpet and redid the hardwoods in the bedroom. Going for the rest of the house in the next 2 weeks before big trash day
“: Google Chrome commercials, making grown ass men feel like PMSing, 16 year old girls since 2012.” I'm 16 and PMSing.. What?
thats good news for me, i'll see you soon then
thanks I didn't know that! Cal was at Krogers last Sat.
done and done lol
Oh good! Is your roommate happy with the teams picks?
thanks for sharing with us guys!
he needs to be released from those undies.
Can u say desperate? RT : Looks like got the official #wiunion talking points. Not about jobs now, all abount John Doe,
Late night making samples for a photo shoot tomorrow. New pics will be up on the website www.lovepopsdc.com soon!
FANNY PAK NEEDS TO LEAVE ALREADY
Wendy's baked potato for dinner. BOO YAH!
my dearest flower, i haven't seen true beauty until this day. TS3
yes, I am! I'm excited about it, thanks!
Tubby left On his own, Gillispie was fired due to off court issues.
Patron called for directions to the branch
to packed hate that shit lol
Will be good to have you back in Jax, even if I can't make the event to hear you speak. Have fun with & !
"If you can accept losing, you can't win"
Isiah 41, 28-31, but verse 31 is my favorite especially being sick allot; & doctors or people in general don't want to give a helping hand.
Quiet day - soft rain falling. Have to put a little effort into getting charged up to get through today's to-do's. How do you get motivated?
Hope you have a relaxing day off. Enjoy! :-)
Watching UFC fight and eating a damn good brownie somewhere in scottsdale!
Thanks, Chris. I appreciate that.
great flick! Next one should be called "Riverside" starring
I hate the noise of my alarm. It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
Still trying to warm up after 35 mile bike. Toes are frozen!!!
ah. Ok. But the reality is that to 60 percent of the american people do "like" him and we need millions of those people.
2 u as well!
Also we have Robert Johnson Guitar Clinic in 19th Floor and for you seasoned uke players, Advanced Uke in Beale! Starting 1:30!
hahaha - glad someone picked up that reference !
If you can't sling it, don't bring it!
M... "Summer Cocktail Attire"
Why do you say that ? Emily said they won't know till Wednesday..unless ...:0
This SYFY pos makes 2010 Moby Dick look like Gone With The Wind.
How do you define #YFE ?
wats good man hit me up fam
Why thx sweetie. Not a mom, but I'll take the compliment. Xo Hope you have a good day tomorrow.
I think licenses are for alcohol SALES, aren't they?
Use promotion code PGAZ10 at checkout to receive an additional 10% off all rental reservations made in December.
Happy Friday Facebook Friends! Have a wonderful Labor Day Weekend!!
Home from a long shift.
apparently she's on Fox. Didn't know who she was until she spewed her anti-gay rhetoric.
At the movies watching never say never
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin! Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
And on the 7th day we rest. New Daily Finds coming tomorrow!
Two days in of being a vegetarian and I have eaten salad, eggs, bread, muffins, and a cinnamon bun. I have become a continental breakfast.
I was at the White House yesterday while the Packers were there. More ppl there to see Packers than Pres
didnt we say the same thing last year?
#Mets need to make sure Chipper retires.
happy monday - Revo is coming to San Diego soon!
Of course I'm going to vote. I'm proud of the right! SongCast...let's see...a one word hint...repetitive...
This Day in Blues History: Johnnie Taylor’s “Cheaper to Keep Her” peaked at number 15 on the U.S. pop singles chart on November 24, 1973.
Just in: wins Audience Favorite Dramatic Short at the !! Congrats to our cast and crew. Thx to our AZ fans!
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon. <U+2665>
i dont know how i survive with the bs in this world
KAKERA: A PIECE OF OUR LIFE (2009) -- subtle, stinging J-drama about the soft and hard elements of love. Watch it, but not on a first date.
I'm always thinking of some outrageous bets lol
Your not fishing?
Thanks for the post on Discover! Happy Perihelion...only 147,055,00 kilometers from the heater :)
no it's just a bunch of awesome modules, the branding is off :)
Looking for Great stuff. Visit www.publicsurplus.com. Similar to Ebay, but All auctions are from colleges, government organizations, etc.
Grubbin' at #LocoMoco before physical therapy .
" give everybody a present tonight and drop this chump, alright?"
Do not dwell in the past, don't dream for the future, concentrate the head on the present moment.
no. Too early to tell if we will have any Severe Weather. Monday through Wednesday.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like, It's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge.
And the way you do that is by having a bigger “yes” burning inside
Would never do that too em if I came up wid them
'as he is gracious and merciful so you should be gracious and merciful' abba shaul purportedly in some medrash somewhere google it
Champion Of Birds loves
Phersy > Jerry Maguire
So if that large coffee I drank earlier didn't wake me up, the thunder and torrential rain pelting downtown CLE definitely would have!
M&A Tip of the Day- There is the new Healthcare tax coming into effect on 01/01/12 of 3.8% that will cost you that much more when you sell..
You've got it. The "real world" will have changed by the time the students leave school. Make a difference now.
Happy Birthday Big Blue Nation wishes u the best & many more to come!
Really not in a good mood.
during the 06 drought, whenever conf rm tv showed rain on radar, I would #HAPPYDANCE, co-workers will verify
Also seeing tomorrow, so if you are around me in the next 24 hours, prepare to get death cab vomited on you.
I think all three teams have a great shot at getting to the Sweet 16. Cabrini played in a weak conference and could be upset-prone.
I be on twitter more than I be on fb...
#Weights this morning and a 1-hour #spinclass tonight.
The light had escaped them as darkness fell upon the land. The beast was walking as a man but with no soul inside his flesh. There would be…
love you <3
Can anybody pick me up, I don't feel like being here..?
YUM! Sorry I missed it...I need the downlow... cc
sorry bout it Rapunzel!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8> at least we put you in un yeso!!!
Considering what I used to do for a living, I'd be willing to... LOL!
This place is going crazy. Raffle tickets almost sold out. 32 teams #ManDiego thank you for hosting
Tip of the day: the strength of the wind reveals hidden secrets.
All it takes is a little faith,truat and pixi dust -peter pan
What's up with your boy wade????
Couldn't be simpler: Visit the details tab on any taxon page & hit "add an article to this page". PM me if you want to chat.
Fuk... and and fucked me up... Now let's dance
$1500 per auto in UAW benefits seems to irritate people more than the equally unsustainable benefits for public union workers.
well done #mirror &
I listen to you guys every morning!! You guys rock!
Maybe there's hope for this after all.
don't wait for me, I may meet up with you at the bar.
I find it a fascinating contradiction how you believe animals have a right to life but not babies. Shouldn't all life be sacred?
'Voice Over' got an honorable mention at the 2010 NM filmmakers showcase! Yippee!
- love the media day coverage!
forming in ATL!
The SUPER BOWL is right around the corner and YES we are open!! A must have snack at any #SuperBowl celebration is __________
Will you be my baby?
I feel so bad for Rivera =( I know this was NOT the way he was planning on leaving the league. But at least he's still going to the HOF.
Just finished watching the new and how to rock! I'm excited for the 1 hour special of victorious. :]
There are some books that I can read over and over again. What books have you read more that 3 times???
What you been up to
. uses it!
We are filming 2 new poker reality shows, If you are a poker player and live in AB Contact for casting information.
It just fine. Just get to feeling better. And duh with your awesome dance skills teaching us and motivation it'll be great!
Go Cubs Go!
I know I'm heavy Nothing a big steaming bowl of bean chili with extra cheese and onions wont cure
really enjoying reorganizing our finances, etc. in the church office. Who would have thought?! We can begin to dream about the future!
I honestly hate when ppl try and hook me up with ugly dudes .
can we do thursday next week? I'm going to brave crossfit on tuesday. or we can do late tues?
I think has forgotten about us :(
WHUT? Just got a PR email talking about "back to school." My head's gonna explode. #sofast #sonumb (<-- REM reference)
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for your big contribution to our lives :D
“: Just aced my first official college final exam." awesome!
A4: Don't get caught up in numbers. It's all about connections. 10 good follows/followers is better than 100.
At the end of blessed day we don't have anything if we don't have good health
#Obama didn't show up for court, get's a free pass automatically.
RT : New Blog post up on the not-so-recent trend of adding a strength component to spin classes. What's your take?...
I'm doing very well! Almost all my injuries have healed, I just have some trouble with my ankle still - I'm very lucky tho!
Kobe's shows are too nice
World Pizza Games events: Freestyle Acrobatic Dough Tossing-First Division & Fastest Pizza Box Folding. The rules are GREAT reading.
Woman deserve so much more then what they put up with & settle for... (it's sad)
Viva mexico!!! viva South Africa! Predicted a tie....
Thanks ! I thought of favor you could do for me after all. Could you pick up that book from Urban Outfitters?
Thanks again Boris! Have a great day.
Dear knight in shining armor, No thanks, I'll go with the guy in combat boots with dog tags. Sincerely, my Marine is my hero.
If seeds hold, you'd play those teams later anyway and only get home ice in the 1st round. They matter but they're not everything
were two Giant Series 1997 tapes and they both had Kobashi/Misawa.
Apple Cinnamon oatmeal <3
A patron wanted to know about afrofuturism. Got to tell her about Sun Ra and Octavia Butler, but then she disappeared.
Lakers are inconsistent, Clippers are inconsistent. Is there something in the Gatorade at Staples Center?
This year's been great! We should be thankful for our health, our friends & family, and Twitter.com! What's your resolution for 2010?
Israel moves to thwart pro-Palestinian "fly-in" - Reuters
It's hard to be in something you were never a part of.
no school Friday kid, dnt forget 8am on Saturday
okay, maybe i said that last tweet wrong. lol
Good morning twitter friends! Join us today Join us for the #SPPC #StPeterandPaulChurch Fiesta! #Wilmington #CA bit.ly/kP9R8u
FYI: PDN Top Knots photo contest extended until Jan 11.
eaving in Tony
haha well ill say hi first just cuz I'm nicer!(:
only on days that end in "y"
STTUPIIDD ppl get on my nerves -___-
Who's got two thumbs (as of right now) and is carving pumpkins tonight?
you should follow if you dont already =)
#TheDevilWearsPrada is on Fox Movies?? I have it on DVD so its kinda pointless to watch on TV?
Hell Yea Bro Cant Wait To See What The Bears Have In Store This Year
Thanks for swinging by!
Finally started watching Girls. I can't get enough of Lena Dunham's witty one-liners that ring so true. It's a love-hate relationship.
Who's gonna pitch if tie this up?
I hate product placements Who cares about Avatar. Get on with the game
Skippin with a guy who used to hate me .. Strange ?? I think so . Lol
Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber.
I was never good enough for him, Anyway. Its at the point now where I don't even give a freak.
oh ok but im not tryn to flirt k
waaiting to see what team i made! ah this sucks.
I will NOT be sucked in!
: overhead is absolutely a part of the cause.
Meet you at the ATM
thanks hun, sorry coodnt really kick it monday...was a lil busy :)
Our soup is Vegan Chili; kidney beans, red peppers, jalapenos, tomatoes and Boca brand soy crumbles.
Snowing back in Portland-Sun and 74, here in Vegas. Not sure how I feel about that. Weird.
: if I kill a BLK person everybody will keep it movin. But if a cop kills me I will have a army of protester in the streets.& u ...
Wooh! Party! Wooh! RT : Senior Salute today 4-6pm at DeVault Alumni Center. Come out for free food, music, & surprises!
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book ....
I think i just made my first 3 ever in a basketball game....i think its my first time i ever even shot a 3 hahaa #guardswagg :)
From switching on to actually typing in the tool bar it takes 20mins on this laptop...not ideal
That amazing feeling when someone asks you if you have a boyfriend and you can say yes<3
bo the heat bitch
if i make it early enough, I'll stop by BK for coffee.
#Huguely police video played for public in Charlottesville court. He's visibly upset when told Yeardley Love is dead but no tears.
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.
Just got back for youth.Reading on "The Lucky One" day dreaming about
Thanks for tweeting about Found LA!
it's supposed to be relaxing...I'm afraid I'm just not seeing it :)
And, what do you wish you'd learned while in school? RT What do you WISH they'd told you at your graduation?
The theme is the Power of Giving. It's an opportunity to thank someone or maybe just highlight a special cause. Your pick! :-)
RT Needs to stop being such a fatass and start a diet/exercise plan. Fuck
Renee and I are on an #OscarMission to see all "best picture" nominations, plus #TheIronLady for which #MerylStreep is nominated.
Im ready!
Go take a nappy on the beach. STAT.
Spring Fashion 2012: done. Time for sleep. Link forthcoming.
Just leaving lasertag. I forgot how much fun this was.
Tell me about it. I got elected.
1. Ugh, tired, going home. 2. Happy that I worked Giddens into my background (Shh, don't tell Melissa). 3. I love gummy bears.
Very happy & including the HUSA Administration is apart of making history at the 1st HBCU Awards 2012.
thank u for sharing
The VooDoo run out the clock after the turnover and the Predators lose 68-61.
Thank you as well! ;)
mostly Jim was speechless I always have somethin 2 say plus im an outstandin athlete & never once been tired in my life
bit by a dog during my run this morning.. 2 puncture wounds, scratches, bruising, swelling & a police report later.. I just wanna take a nap
www.NewWebDomain.com you can register a domain for up to 70% less than other registrars. FREE HOSTING CALL ROCCO 847 514 8785
considering buying a Virginia Woolf book for my library. really feel like I need to get the Hankins seal of approval first, though
you make me sick
actually my car is silver so it worked out great. It's almost all done underneath so not even noticeable.
new loophole buy now
for more than $1?
got to be the beef n cheddar it's my favorite!
they seem to be kicking up their game lately. I think the collections have been getting better & they are promoting it better
Being stuck in traffic without dental floss sucks.
culd u follow back
You're beautiful <3
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in a zoo. Don't be mad ill be there too. Not in a cage, but laughing at you.
Listen People.....Follow Me......I know the way!
"A society which seperates its warriors from its scholars will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting done by fools."...
"I thought Jason kidd lived in dallas... what are you doing in new York."
Sitting outside in the shade and grading final exams. The end of the semester is near :)
Hales on Rose Quarter: "It's an unrealized place." "I'd like to see a corporate HQ there." Maybe Columbia Sportswear
Man ... it doesn't happen very often, but boy did I ever get pissed off tonight.
do any archivists out there write/read project blogs? I'm starting one and I'd like to see some examples...
All these tweets about #casesmc are making me jealous.
is now live in the finals. On
i can't wait to see think like a man
Awww, he's a good egg with a good sense of humor.
Kid next to me in the library not only has the same voice, but talks just like Andy Bernard.
"Honey, it kinda sounds like those people are just chanting tits." - someone standing next to me
we're working together right now... #Itswhatever :/
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
disregard females, acquire currency.
Join us tonight for Happy Hour 4-6pm 1/2 price sushi, beer & wine 9-close 1/2 price draft beer
Hi Jeffrey. Thanks for the follow.
TY for a responsible stance #duediligence is still needed
Cannot wait to play Arlene's Grocery tonight!
Who's ready to tear up some dollar crabs tonight?
“: s/o to my cousin for this awesome pik he did :)”
yeah baby!!!
Its sad. I was a otr for 2yrs. And had the problem of ppl following to close. I pray no on loses the life.
Thanks for a wonderful screening in #Chicago w/ on Saturday! Great discussion w/ Len Goodman, Candace Gorman!
It's almost like it was made for you.
I can't wait until my baby gets to indy in sept. Tickets are already purchased
Weird, Twitter is acting odd. Just had to re-upload our photo. Noticing others are having to do the same.
Tech savvy college grad w/ Ruby on Rails experience? Opportunity to make it big in NYC awaits you! Contact me - Lead Programmer position.
I'm not sure how this is supposed to get me on 'The Real World: Tampa,' but you're the boss, Mr. Seacrest...
lol watching show about Boris Yeltsin. Him dancing around is funny as hell.
Excuse me. Um, excuse me. OH MY GOD, MOVE!
#1 reason why #SalesTouch clients use an interactive touchscreen system: engages consumers, encourages finding out more about the product!
Happy First Night!
miss you
clean water speeches.
Love this quote I just read (unattributed): "Without data, you're just another person with an opinion."
Green Marketing is new and innovative. #admerica!
Made it just in time for POTUS's #STOU speech ...... whew!!
Runner on third for the Cardinals two out 7-7 on Triple
you need to interview Bob Uecker sometime. That would be gold!
They immediately remind me if the wallflowers and the allman brothers band had a love child
thanks a lot for the shoutout :)
thank you I will for sure!
Okay so clearly I forgot it was friday. Oops:/ but follow these studs pleaaaaaseee And everyone else:)
who u wit
Good luck!
I would if I had some sort of internet connection...
William Levy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.Francis Bacon
Ha. Love it. RT : Google "askew". Right now. Hilarious.
2 Schmirnoffs, Under the Table and Dreaming, 15 minutes...guaranteed we're suckin face
Cant wait to hear Giles little pussy coach cry on the sidelines when they lose.
I just died inside.
i wont all i have to do is #RiseAbovehate just like john cena does
good morning to you!!! Love your pic! Where you headed?
Happy anniversary to and !
Thank you!
Busy, busy, busy day today, & I can expect more of the same for the rest of the week.
Oh man. That'd be the worst. But don't worry, I'll try not to.
I had a beautiful dream with austin Mahone
. The 1st time I got one of those it freaked me out. I'd only been on twitter a few months then and wondered what did I do?
Green Bay Packers 13-O. Go Pack
where was u jammin at
Yes, and very funny
The highest form of socialization is
Yay! Exactly, 1 day at a time! Congrats on loss so far! You're doing it! RT : thank you. Weigh in today-lost 13 so far,slow&steady!
The humble PB&J varies greatly depending on ingredients and cost. It's a staple of the American diet. Annualizing 'nutritional value' for U.
Thank you for having me on your wonderful show! You are amazing <3
: Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
Going to hollywood tomorrow <3
i love you :]
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
Congrats on Organic Leaves!
My husband just called me a theo-punk.
totes saw you waiting for bus on Michigan Ave as our bus flew by...so HI;)
enjoys the worst of music
I might consider voting for #JayBruce for president if he keeps hitting the way he is.
guess who I'm listening too?!?
snagged a reservation for us at Aviary tonight for cocktails! : ) What to get??
ADRIANS NOT INTERESTED.
she got hit by a boat and almost died... People die everyday from that stuff... Her life and "popularity" revolves around justin
watching beyond scared straight, lol they bitches.
Headed to the funeral at 2pm New Mexico time. Please keep the Knowlton family in your prayers... Thank you!
I AGREE
you heard mayday parade's new song?
they dont get paid, seriously!! i used to think tht too!
You bet! Wish I could've gone, but am here in #NYC. Where can I find the best recap of the weekend?
Long time no see. Would love to connect and catch up some time soon.
time for some major #pillowlove i'm so exhausted and stressed
"I like it when he sings to me"
McIntire's grandson calls us "the keepers of the raw data"
Bout to do inventory for the club...#TeamL.A.X. nightclub..lehhgo
hahahaha Tim don't want ya baby
<3 I'm still in shock you posted on my wall :) I started screamin I love you
Systematically identity top designers as early as possible
Love the colors of En La Playa, so excited I beat the crowd! How are the remarqued?
Exactly. Unfortunately you can't ban them either.
Email me at .us
Just tipped off in Greensboro, Tech on the board first with a Gani Lawal free throw.
Today is the anniversary of V-E Day. Make sure you thank a solider for all of their sacrifices.
With all the #brewers injuries and mediocre play it makes me wonder - can you play short? Or pitch middle relief?
bedtime story?
Woah. Betty Draper likes her nomz.
'd T.O. play tonite? lol
you should follow mee <3 & creep on my shittt . (;
Feel better soon!
If NC State gets in, we're cooked.
The sluttiest girls are always the ones who say they're not easy.
YES! Haha I did the stairs today.. my legs are still pretty okay.
1st and 2nd no outs and of course this american league monkey of a coach Joel Maddon doesn't bunt. Amazing how bad these managers are.
Will be drawing with a nude model starting Thursday. New experiences abound!
Are you serious????
That is the worst, funniest shit ever.
They say money can't buy happiness. But money can buy chocolate and really...what's the difference?
I Do Not Feel Like Gettin Ready. I Just Wanna Wear Sweat Pants Nd Go.
#WelcomeToTheLife Where niggas try to front about they whip....Nigga thats the same car I rented last week.
Finally I have come to the end of another work day. Off to job # 2. Enforcer & Smooth Operator. Okay father & husband.
TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRETTY PLEASE?!
Thank you! We're delighted to hear the celebration is going well!
That really shouldnt have made me feel better, But it did.
awesome! we'll have to chat about project mgt soon! and, i would love you to meet Imogen ... be forwarned ... she's 100% octane!
Why couldnt the pig lab be the final like wtffff
Compared to our corrupt politicians, she is up there with Mother Teresa
XD RT : The fact that a "Carlo Clean-Up Kit" needs to be a real thing is actually terrifying.
Welcome! RT : #RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to! I enjoy the daily! cc
Just invest in some heavy-duty sandpaper to keep the edges nice and rounded. :D
GOOD MORNING PLANET EARTH!
alright, will do!
Lapsus Linguae => A slip of the tongue
At last the 2012 Membership Scarves have arrived at the Kommandos HQ!!! Join Us / Renew today!!! Prost!!!
Laced up movement !
If I want to spend more real time with my family, is it a good idea to get a smart phone?
I FUCKING love when people hang up on me!! :)))
is working on packaging the latest version of Symantec Antivirus for testing by the group.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
here at the #latism party.
“: Ugh. How is there only one episode left?!? #ABCScandal”
Sometimes, wanting a little more proof that it's real isn't asking too much.... Least I don't think so!
#DTownTV can you do a segment on the differences in focusing screens in dslr cameras?
Rockin with authenticity! I'm working on Blades Greystone's Episode 2 - The Road to Success - Licking the Scabs: Confidence and Commitment
Hungover breakfast with before goes #Ham on the Celtics.
Just got my repair quotes from 2 business days! Very happy with the cost and wonderful customer service.
Thanks for the Momo promo! They (Momo) have a new album in the works...
Looking for something to do this weekend? Check out the Latino Film Festival presented by !...
we do it BiG in #Boston !
- haha! Keep wondering if I should torrent that. I mean it's Tom friggin Hanks, right?
Yesterday was a bad day for Chicago sports fans. Both the Bulls and Sox blow late leads and lose. At least, I got my taxes done.
what do you think about the Nene trade? And do that mean for Wilson Chandler?
"Appreciation is like an insurance policy. It has to be renewed every now and then." -Colonel Dave McIntyre
and now i pinterest until my iphone falls out of my hand
Just thought I should let ya'll know that our BIG upcoming event will be this Saturday June 18!!!
Can't thank the studios and networks enough. They are showing great support for SKINS in 2012.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
haha I definitely need that. And why are you looking into email stationary?
#madmen in #Boston? YES #SEO #News they #hire like it's 1963. Women & Men 40 years or older NEED NOT apply. #Age #Discrimination :(
What y'all know about them 4's - Reesco put em on the map - Im finna put em on the globe!
Affirm: I will not let outer circumstances determine how happy I am or how successful I can become.
aw,she definitely is:D <3
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
THANKS can you tinychat with me?
RT : RT MOMeo Magazine for Work-at-Home Moms: Business Tools | Parenting Advice | Mom Lifestyle Tips | Mom Blog | Mom...
Reading "The Woman Behind the New Deal." Story of amazing woman (Frances Perkins), & excellent primer for successful political activism.
yeah I was dying and barely checked my phone. Basically slept/recorded and that was it. Had to even go to a dentist in orlando!
everyones like "stop trending louannah" lol, just saying louannah is still gonna trend it, dumb fucks
How I lost 45 plus pounds?.... COUNT CARBS!!.....Forget calories....forget fat....you need to reduce the carbs!!.....the pounds melt away!
Perhaps a preferred communication channel opt-in would help? And an option to pick the frequency of communications too?
Who are you? Why are you here?
Leaving Sin City.
There's a lot of sex talk on my TL for it to be a Sunday morning!
When you recognize your limits, but still embrace your life with graciousness, your inner dignity grows. John O'Donohue
Slept 3 hours later than I wanted. Might as well go to brunch, I'm already late.
not quite over yet. It looking positive :)
OMG i still have the text from my friend saying that ONE DIRECTION IS COMING TO SEATTLE when i was at school lmao i couldnt stop shaking
Alright will do
Your song "Up on the ridge" one of my all time favorites! I have a song on my page I'd like for you to check out when you can
where do you live? :/
heh, sounds like a challenge. Let me see what I can whip up.
Yall know yall tired. Probably forcing yourself to stay up to talk to who ever. Smh.
“: Caused the problem in the first place” Their coreligionists did, yes
I confess that I miss you, but that does not mean that you will pray again
Gettin in some pizza before the new diet tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure wkhtmltopdf is what I'm using too. Works well.
Meeting w/ the amazing Steven Hero 2moro for more music work! I can't wait to finish 'Lie To Me' it's going to be amazing!
RT : Great user experience does not exist at the expense of your profits. Profits exist because you made the investment in great...
oh yeah yeah
I've got a 4 pack of passes to a practive day at the Indy 500 - hit my facebook page to get 'em!
I agree
I'll announce who I'm signing with on Thursday
The birds,the bees,the flowers and the trees..... God made them for us to enjoy.....appreciate them all....
I wanna throw so bad . Fuck
RT : "This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it." Psalm 118:24
It's only a matter of time. Then ima be MVP in that competition we got
When likes my swag hair >>>>
This is so fucking annoying everyday the same thing.
That moment you have to physically make yourself stop dancing to Ke$ha when you are by yourself at the nest
Girls like cute dogs cause some apparently equate them to human children smh.
We also have a video interview, but on DVD only for now. I will upload an abridged version on YT and send you the link :)
This game over
I'm too nice, bleh. It's annoying.
nah i can't go i have school
Blah i hate being sick!
Oh yes ! I always have a blast w/ you guys! Next date we're doing lunch!!
enjoy the day. Looks like a nice day here in dallas
so cool!!! I love the placement on the shoulders. Those are great!
Client who wrks at airport: "People said ur cupcakes were the bomb...and that's not a word used lightly w/the airport." Lol'd for real! :)
If you're gona be a math teacher you have to have patience because people ask a lot of questions! So if u don't then why are to teaching! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Freckles errwhere thanks to the sun.
oh lol not just that, but I always wanted to go there & I already know I have no chance in meeting him so. ;p
really? it's today?? WOW.. Than Happy Teacher's Day to me :) (I'm studying at Faculty of teacher education, I'll be a teacher) ;D
What You Know About Having #ConstancioSwag ? It's An Acon Thing. <3 :)
I kind of want to go to the funeral..but I wont be able to bear it..
Need Memorial Day getaway ideas. Relaxing beach theme, not too far from FL for 4-5 days. Thoughts?
Our ATM started randomly speaking in Spanish when people walked by. I think a heckling ATM could make a funny SNL skit. (ATM is fixed, btw)
So proud to see and getting recognized. Two of the hardest working guys I know. Get em!
congrats on the division title
avengers is actually pretty kick ass
Dr. Pete Warren,professor emeritus of counseling & former chaplain of Lynchburg College, is awarded honorary Dr. of Humane Letters.
Listing after some homes on the Shorewest real estate show...wonder if should showcase city-owned homes like this?
The resignation of George Zimmerman's "lawyers" seems like a stunt. Were they ever really his lawyers? Strange.
If you feel the need to comment on/like everything your boyfriend/girlfriend posts on the internet, you have some shit to sort out.
Working my next to last Sunday night reference shift for the current academic year.
come when you can. Can't wait to see you!
check Kenley Jansen's stats from last year
Big thanks to Trustee Lee and his mother for making the #AsiaTrinity Tour possible-36 hours until the delegation leaves. First stop Seoul.
No, lets reword that. I still have my FLUTE'S lyre mark on my arm.
When it's your fault, I miss the late nights, Don't miss you at all!
"Expertise is the new currency of success" - Josh Bersin RT
According to sources.
Don't confuse activity with productivity and progress (via )
pg. 27 but she also handed out a project but you can get that from her.
Runway loves her wine - she is off to try these wineries
When people fear the alternatives less than they fear maintaining the status quo, then you are poised to win. What can you do to educate?
Dear Grammys: Each year you pretend to want younger people to watch, yet you continue to NOT be LIVE Coast to Coast. I'll watch Twitter!
I wanna go to Canada! Is it cold there?
I love writing about Web trends and want to join the Digital Journalist team, per your Tweet. Want a data journalist?
S/O to my new follower :)
When you say WISCONSIN! You said it all!
Working nights is....interesting. Hopefully the next gig I get will be more day oriented. I miss having a social life.
This isn't about intelligence. It's about honesty. I think you're being disingenuous about what you wrote.
Breaking News: signs on as Media Sponsor for #MCC2012 & the 2012 Global Generation Awards. We can't wait for September!
It's almost American Heart Assoc. month! Do you have your red ready for wear RED day on Feb 3???
@ Drais in Hollywood just saw Simone Caldwell I really wanted to say let Astro win and we good lol.
#Phish live stream on the Bunny all weekend from #SuperBall in Watkins Glen, NY www.livephish.com
I fucking HATE rich people!!
Was recently told (by two separate people): You saved my live, and you're an answer to my prayers. Definitely a boost!
$1 off Signature drinks all night with our bar open til 1am! Kitchen open til midnight daily!
Tomorrow, I'll be tweeting from at and the Children's Museum #jhuNYC where we'll be discussing interactives
Or a rapist?
"play sumfin I can shake mah butt to"
Yes...I think she didn't offer much of a "buy in" to the singing! LOL!
Hey... If you come to Minnesota, me and will take you to the Mall of America. (;
Good night world! Well technically it's morning...I don't care, I'm going to bed!
Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill it. ~ Murphy's Law
Complete joke if u think I'm going to be paying attention in night class tonight...or staying the entire time
One of my favorite #ElementarySchoolMemories was getting to go to after school to get a Happy Meal!
he is big and ugly. lmao
We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise why even be here?
That's his serious face
• Feel like I made my debut on tv...
their tenderness
Thanks CELTX TEAM. Please fix it ASAP. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. CAN'T WAIT TO USE IT...BEST
you have NO idea how happy I was to see him come down with an appendicitis, he was such a mean player. They are all
My college classes...boring as shit
im guessing you are watching the race or something :)
Really it could be with anybody, I just like fondue
First date with #Drupal Feeds module...
: It is now my turn to celebrate Valentines day, cooking up a dinner at home tonite A day off?ill take a day off when I'm dead.
SRSLY. Am I the only one who can never get webinar software to work?
Its been so hard since my children's father passed away before the twins were born. They will be one this year and man has it been hard
The best way to fight Wall St. is by supporting Main St. Shop Local this holiday.
Ugh I HATE being cold...and im like freezing...dumb
RT : I wish I could just sit down somewhere and read.
I pin WAY to much. I think people may get irritated.
Working on a new big band chart on my tune that I debuted on my recital 2 weeks ago: Lit by Lightning for the IfCM big band reading...
I love 's background singers right now on Jimmy Kimmel!
well yea i was taking a summer course in Utah but ive been back now haha & on to what ever else is next haha...hows skool?
Beautiful day on the Hilltop
countdown is on. One week away. or after party? Fun times!
Sick as road trip im having!
STOPLIGHT DANCE. Red; Taken. Yellow; Caution. Green; Single. Purple; DTF. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
To know me is to love me...If you dont like me, then FUCK YOU!!!!!
followed them :)
Today I saw a full-grown woman riding a skateboard.
NO. wanna know who's hot? look in a mirror. <3
Finally watching the conclusion of the legendary #SidneyPoitier's life experiences & lessons on 's
how'd that season ticket thing work out, anyway?
Ringing in opening day by discreetly watching the game on my computer at work.
I hate number crunching! This is art within the numbers.
88 days and counting until my next BIG #adventure in #travel. :) Where are you today? Share your story!
Wow. captivating #tedxol, treat the world as a design problem. Innovate at the speed of what if, at the cost of duct tape.
Game 2 Heat Pacers was down to wire I knew this series would be exciting.
Thanks. Looking forward to seeing you in June! Send the radio show!
ordering shoes online
What is code 403 in Twitter? Does that mean I am in jail? lol
Mainstream media has shown it's true face with their treatment of Occupy Wall St coverage...thx for being on the groundfloor...
Haha its cuz I'm so damn cool ;) I just wanna html them sometimes!! x)
you're spectacular! :)
Ever caught yourself smiling at the tv cause someone you like is on it? # howembarrasing
Last night was amazing<3 I haven't laughed or had so much fun in a while(:
Excuse me?And it's because parents will tell you they look trashy and reflect badly on them.
Black Mamba BOI
and of course im in feckin LA .. =(
Warm but damp last day of Summer in NJ. Happy Labor or Labour Day wherever your Summer is coming to unofficial close! Keep the sun shining!
Hopkins Homewood... we will be at the San Martin Center Carnegie Institution area Monday 11-2
Is taste testing Jack Daniels in Lynchburg, TN
High today 70° . . .Guess who lost a friendly wager wouldn't get to 70 today
Nice. RT 1 turd to Deputy Sheriffs Assoc board majority for thinking a leadership coup now will somehow impact the Sheriff race.
Thank you! for the RT : RT : Don't do anything you don't feel good about. Get clear with yourself first.
Hugo was pretty wonderful.
its the new guy army. Hes real nice
she horny and she dnt know it lol
Sounds wonderful! Can't wait to see pics of the gingerbread house. City Tavern smells like sweet potato pecan biscuits. yum.
I figured that would happen at some point. RT : Bono sighted on Broadway.
Try using roasted red peppers-same color, similar texture. Flavor should work.
So much happening: not sure what to post. Thank you UN for doing your job. Thank you Japan for standing firm through this crisis.
“: Braun crushes his second homer of the night reaching the top deck of the Western Metal Supply Co." -they give a distance Tom?
Heart and prayers go out to everyone in Japan!
Sarcasm noted.
hey look! my 20th tweet!! hah!
i needa stop bs'n... get some work done & sleep
yeah it usually is, people give me a weird look when i say my mom does all the drinking
oh. I don't think they will dare do that wit Pawan's film. So far as i know, industry predicts GS to be one of the top 3 grossers
where hope, humanity and hygiene come to die.
Don't hurry, don't worry. You're only here for a short visit. So be sure to stop and smell the flowers. - Walter Hagen
im kinda thirsty <<<<
seriously..whats new. they always do that. :(
Dear iPhone, Please stop changing my rude words into nice ones. You piece of shut.
If anyone should be mad its the folks in hood struggling to make ends meet. That's worth punching a glass over...
Yeah, but those will mostly be on Halloween now.
Gotta say #Kobe be playing through them injuries
A lovely tribute to Dick Clark!~ #DWTS <3
Can #SomebodyTellMeWhy #MTV is still called #MusicTelevision.. They need to flip the M over and change it to
Travel safe man
Glad I got to see you, too, my little stufflebeam.
Off at 5
You are an old black lady and a liar. You claim to be a Christian but you talk out the otherside of your mouth!
#Librarians -- Trying to solidify my web presence. Is it better to be branded as '"something"librarian' or just use your full, real name?
They say time is the fire in which we burn. - Dr. Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
I'll need you guys to follow me, so I can send you some information :)
Watching a track meet at the Olympic Training Center today! #excited !
start writing versus & we'll give you a beat!
Getting my butt kicked in Scramble with Friends!
My VIC20 is in pieces, I took it apart to put on wall in college (really impressed the ladies :).
I hear he won a Stoker for some awesome book called "Black and Orange."
i think i made a hundred on my science project, if not im gonna be pissed.
Chilling listen to the #MiddayMix on with the college graduate & #Fire :)
User experience is about more than usability. What is purpose, who is intended audience? Is content presented consistently?
Today's wines 's Local Underground Tent Party for free sampling and glass purchase - 4 of 6 - Santa Julia Reserve Pinot Noir
#barkingdog The owner leaves every morning at 6:30, why do I know/care, the barking begins every day at 6:30am (Pit bull w deep bark) (sigh)
Did your wingman ever text you? We're always there for you, you never have to wait on our number ;)
Come on in. Sell away. (But goats, in my experience, eat everything in sight...bad for biz?)
Is she in love? I'll tell you on the next 5 minutes, :)
Still giving up too many offensive boards.
"Boo" as in "even when I'm with my boo"?
I feel safer on the interwebs knowing we've got grammar nazis like yourself on the job waiting to pounce on every missed comma
Beautiful day. Always good to be alive
Never make your girl feel like she is in competition with any other girl.
thanks Erin! Looking forward to it already!
I believe this only 2000 following limit on #twitter is crap but they probably know how to handle their network better than me
Audition Tip: Minimize page turns when preparing audition music. No blank pages – keep back-to-back.
My thought of the day: Will Brandon Inge make it thru April?
hahahaha that is the best thing ever
Yep. DM us your address & we'll mail some out.
actually you are lol. U gave you my number. So put it to use.
My all-time fav quote will guide my 2012, too: Visions are worth fighting for. Why spend your life making someone else's dreams? ~O. Welles
yeah i just didnt have celery, the apples are what make it taste good obvi lol
Appaholic: Top 5 kosher eating apps - Jerusalem Post
Ahh when are you putting up another video??:)<3 (follow?)
Thanks, Sean! That means a lot from you! Long way from the Sandbox but still keep the collaborative coworking concept close :)
#Boyfriend is bomb. <3JustinBieber
Do you want us to advertise this?! I thought UW tried to keep these events on the DL..
After all this time justin still cant spell "yeater" i love him.
Uw doesn't do that though. See jp gavinski you ignorant sob
I was just listening to it yesterday it brought back so much memories :) i love it!
A #realman never stops trying to show a girl he cares about her, even if she is already his.
Blessings to you on your birthday; it is a joy to know you and your powerful spirit!
Playing good defense
i think that shits awesome
such a cute pic of you and Olivia!
What you pay attention to, strengthens.
give her an autographed rookie card.
I'm sorry, but "more recent?". It's still from 2008. ;)
what's so gross ?
Chris found the masters to an old (2005) cover we recorded of Righteous & the Wicked by #RedHotChilliPeppers. This may see light soon. ;)
This might as well be dubbed the period of temporary insanity.
Smh.. RT RT #TheSlander is alright...until it's about your team. > jus don't say nothing about LA n I'm good..
Check out the band Zechs Marquise if you haven't already. I'm still trying to pick up the fragments of my mind that were blown away.
Elvis in the HOUSE!
Looking like it's going to be a long job for Exxon, they're flying another Guy out from Louisiana to help me. Hope the weather stays nice.
Just confirmed, Nugget Markets will partner with us for our Dinner under the Stars Fundraiser Sept. 17. We'll keep you posted on the details
Celebrating St. Paddy's w/ a house margarita-- hey, the lime is green-- & guac & chips.
I think the game will be dominated by 2 man teams in the long run. You need team options to deal with bad matchups
Thanks for the RT, Patrick! Best of luck in all your commitments.
Have semi-finalists been notified yet? Or is there still hope?!
it's about our PM. It doesn't matter is our PM is from BN or PR.
can we discuss Disney ideals tonight again?
yours too
“Winning is a habit. Watch your thoughts, they become your beliefs.” ~Vince Lombardi
Adam Beyer of De Pere on fire for the Green Bay Gunners in Waukegan.
We've signed up for Restaurant Week for lunch & dinner! Check out the menus at www.baltimorerestaurantweek.com and make your reservation!
Not really in the best of moods right now and Idk why but I'm a hit my nigga Al since he just got home from Tome
Don't you hate when you try to type something and use improper Grammer.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ... I need to go smoke .
Wow this game is a constant sprint! Wish I was in St. Louis to see it live.
Is the inrerview over ?
Praying for better days for me and my family. We really could benefit from better lifestyles. I worry about my fam so much...
Had dinner tonight at 94th Aero Squadron Restaurant. Love this place! Located inside a replica of a World War I French farmhouse!
What if quizzes measured kids' ability to question, not answer.
lol that sucks
For more info about THE EROTIC CHALLENGE call 310-806-2123 Clifhanger Productions
good morning everyone!!!!
Slept in, got free pancakes at IHOP, bought some new music, went to the pool. Today was a nice day!
you could probably handle them better than I could though!
4/21 National Surprise Drug Test Day
I loved every minute of it. So proud of you!
Rain Fitness is open 8am to 7pm today (Sunday November 27th)
Dear amazon, please send me #thebookthief soon so I can participate in book club this month. Like today.
Thank you for such a wonderful Promo...DM your address and I will send you a signed copy!
Watched#nsn I luv justin so much his dreams came true im so proud of him always#belieber hope someday that could happen2me
Okay, pretty sure I'll go too but we seriously do! :-)
Perfect choice! We hope you get to enjoy a glass tonight.
Plz you beautiful people talk to me?
who allows these idiots to put this crap out??
That being said I'm looking forward to hearing what he has to say.
I think that will become the norm as searching happens on network and campus libs book colls redefined as finite space.
thats because CHI-TOWN is thhee BESTT(: got my tickets!! Cant wait TO MEET YOU GUYS <33333 pllleeasssseeeee RT!?
tipsy typo and shyt
Im going to #read myself to #sleep This will work either b/c I am going blind and hurting my eyes, or b/c Im #tired, I hope it is the latter
Last night was a wild night to say the least
#WatchTheGameOfThrones RT been watching Game Of Thrones like a mug...
chucks place is right down the street from my school.
Silly rabbit, I know why they call you that, cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
Im am still awake <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
I know this makes me a bad person, but I spent Record Store Day listening to
PAINT. THE. WALL.
ive got your camera
I-40, WB, is closed at 98th street. More road conditions on krqe.com.
SF Beer Week Feb 11-20, 2011. There's even an app for that!
#nerdfighteriaworlddomination RT : HANK! On The Price Is Right! Right now! Someone is wearing a DFTBA shirt.
Nick Young: The no-passin' assassin.
Selena is not to Will you give me number the Justin Bieber (your boyfriend)
Doors are open! Catch Freedom Speaks, Erika Flowers and AM-PM from Boston tonight at Eiffel.
SHOCK: Congressman Is Asked, 'Who Is Going To Shoot Obama? www.tncnews.com
Who is this girl in the middle on E? Does she has a purpose?
Who's up for brunch? Head over here for brunch, espresso and 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas. What a great way to start a Saturday!
"Break my heart for what breaks Yours."
Changing the paradigm of urban development to reach more sustainable and inclusive cities is needed.
is soon to be a great role model. I will see you at the top!! -
RT Peppers, cucumber, broccoli, tomatoes, olives and that's only 1/2 of the ingredients! Try our Ave Chopped Salad tonight!
"I wanted to send u something sexy...but the mailman made me get out of the mailbox"
can't get enough of lake louie kiss the lips IPA
and partner to commemorate Fenway's 100th by hosting the Guinness World Records largest toast in a single venue today!
Great morning! Did some snorkeling. Then saw a monk seal and a sea turtle chilling on the beach!
Well spoken. I will forever assert that spinning #vinyl is an artform. Let the people say Aymenz.
Discover your gifts, follow them and you will never feel stressed. Pavel Stoyanov
what people do to stay young...hahaha
is jealous that I'm cooler than him (;
Iceland Plans Corporate Eurobond Comeback as Default Legacy Dims
Happy #openingday everyone! Go !!
Anybody have a good photo of them in their Kentucky Derby outfits? Big hat and mint julep required!
i mean princeton
Yep, that's a very old tradition. Then again, being gay is just as age old when you really think about it. :)
Almost ready to start the broascast of the Timbers game on Estrella TV and La Pantera 940am
You Going Thru Trials & Tribulations, We Smilin While Packing,For Out Of The States Vacations
Big win! #GoCoyotes! Way to force another home game. Hopefully Torres will be there.
Sup'd grad students yesterday-so fun to see skills and self confidence blossom at this pt in the sem! #ashaless11 but not w/o #slpeeps!
how often do they visit you?
Planned Parenthood has killed far more females than breast cancer.
Seatac need to work on access to light rail. Through the parking lot? Really?
Finally got to Gold with Look out soy lattes!
Sorry for the really late reply -.- , ijust haveent been one here for a while lol &&' So how you benn?(:
Will you two participate in #APSA's Virtual Brown Bag: Landed a Job: Now What? Starts at noon!
. definitely just picked up Ron Washington saying naughty words.
not like the Twins, bold-stroke indeed...I think the inmates were running the asylum, and I think warden-Gardenhire was not happy...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 97
Wow...ok. that phone verification shizz just blew my mind. Dang ole technology!
Sent you a direct message. Look forward to seeing you at the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am!! :)
Chef's table @ Next. Wow.
how was the concert at raleigh
For more up-to-the-minute #Bears news and information, follow our managing editor —he’s trying to make it to 2,000 followers!
Thats awesome! I love her. I def miss the az music scene
Adele wins everything!
OH. salad, anyone?
where you at home? I dunno yet, maybe tied up already!
So...I've decided tumblr is much better than twitter.
RT : #nw "The Interrupters". U must watch it
Dropped it nasty tonight
Fone fina die.
If this isn't a reason to bring back teaching creativity and the arts in school, I don't know what is
Good morning!
#StopSDGEPowerlink Deception: December 2008, SDG&E says it will not build Sunrise if it’s forced to carry only renewable power.
tomorrow is friday !!!!
really wants to go to the Cake Boss bakery.
I am, thank you. I trust you are as well, Ms. Ward?
Agreed! Happy #newyear! RT That's an impressive lineup!
i hate yogurt. but frozen yogurt, that's a whole different story
Sabine Publications is proud to present GROSVENOR SQUARE, the acclaimed debut novel by Katherine Ann Meyer! Available NOW!
I want a milk shake
sounds good
If I could choose a superpower it would be telekinesis. That way I don't need to move any part of my body.
yes sir! Why? Because its the cup! Ain't that some shit
Wishing everyone a great 2012!
aww snap #muppet man himself is on twitter. wakka-wakka-welcome!
Like tacos? Half priced? Like Evan Christian come to
Well then. I guess I know who to go to next time I need t-shirts!
I need to find that Mac n cheese pot pie recipe! Yum. “: Today: The co-hosts put their spin on a favorite dish - Mac N' Cheese!"
wonderful, we're looking forward to the conference! Glad to buy you a cup of coffee if you have any questions.
Dotel enters with a 3-1 count, two men on and the winning run at the plate.
I was going to walk up and get tix on the 18th, but now I am thinking I might need to buy them in advance. :)
thank you for reaching out, Omar. Appreciate your input.
Friends, FB Fans & Tweeters our upcoming promo is a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich. Hope you all have enjoyed our freebies.
For what its worth, its rainy and overcast here in RDU. Indoor workout?
True. But most ppl see "history" as fundamentally disconnected from the present anyway, so not sure how much of a diff it makes
Alone on my birthday...hm...lots of possibilities. So far, so good! I'm feelin' the virtual love coming my way...
stop by soon! We'd love to have you! The samsa are great and I love the chocolate tarts!
Officially done with classes for the semester! 3 exams then home
if the question is about CCFD v TOT they are completely different. CCFD is a property tax. TOT is on transient.
Sorry, Twitter, #vanhalen is not similar to
Its been a while Razorback weightroom.
Co Signin' Ya Single Bruh, Crazy!!
Guess I'm walking this week while the wheel gets rebuilt. [-]
Wow.... Long shot into second! Good job I'll have Another!
I'm feeling that!:-)
What is happening indeed?!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Happy Cinco De Mayo!
#TellTribune This whole DIRECTV and issue is ridiculous! Now I'll miss the #Blackhawks game tonight; 1st game I'd miss this season!
Kyoto's been dead since the day it was signed
i will say, being able to understand German would help me a lot here. i need to get on that sort of thing.
do we have any hw today??
So HOT outside!
you should defintely follow me
big fan Anderson! Absolutely adorable!:D
It was glorious.
I'm bouts to go celebrate Cinco De Mayo!!!!
This sucks so much
nice picture you have, Earl Hindmann
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
RT : #whoop just made a couple hundred more.whoop i did to
We should be happy for justin no matter what. We have those times where we let each other down, but hes ours and we're his. no matter what.
Whats the deal with this merch pack thingerdo, ? I want one!
Yes, but unfortunately you never know what kind of person the lighthouse keeper is.
It'd be nice to see some craft brews that would compliment your food better. Great food deserves great beer!
Aww. How cute, you can type!
time 2 get ruthless w/ those slides! : )RT : Still trying to squeeze 67 slides into 9 minutes..
Beijing training going well
Robert Shiller let's make nonprofits & #philanthropy MORE FUN, more participatory for donors
Its to early for work.. Why do I have to be opening manager? I wanna be late!!
Shower was amazing
Rest sweet Elizabeth you were so tireless in life and humanity its your time to be peaceful. We are so thankful for you.
"Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds". Gordon B. Hinckley
Haha I'm thinking McDonald's...dollar menu..sound good ? :)
setting>general>accessibility>assistive touch I(:
Gracias primo. My videos are still in post production but I'm hoping to get some stuff online very soon!
RT if you have ever been bullied, any type! Make sure you're following then check your DMs<3
hm, which shirt to wear today? #decisions #decisions <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>
RT : Milan: I can't blow hard enough!
Blah ppl txt me
i wanna thank all the iammes for bein there for meh i <3 u guyz
nooooway. Not even those characters on pokemon are gingers. Except for misty.
I need my journal! To writting I get (: goodnight everyone. Hope you all sleep wonderfully.
"Lenin and Woodrow Wilson were the two great propagandists for the right of nations to self-determination." ~ Affirmative Action Empire
There's always one kid who takes a good 30 longer than everyone else on tests
Jeez. My teacher didn't pass this girl.
I have been in a continuous state of highness since Monday. Goodness gracious.
My mood is so much better today just because I cleaned my room yesterday, when did I become such a neat freak?
just killed a lil spider on my desk.. i think he was a spider
My cousin does the best Call me maybe dance! Hehe
Having a better day
hey sorry bout earlier
Good! Now I am sick. Blah! I am home this wknd for a wedding.
I've officially reached the "muttering and swearing under my breath" step of my Ruby on Rails project.
Exciting opening day for the Red Jacket Little League this past Saturday. I have always and will continue supporting them.
*slow clap*
My 3 boys give Lorax movie a big thumbs up! Wife & I enjoyed it too.
I look good , I look fine *Hair flip*
For fuk-sake leave me alone
Gaming's a ? in CA + $477m is > Spanoses ever suggested they'd pay. Also, keep in mind the Wilf's $ includes $200m from the NFL.
No matter how bad things get you got to go on living, even if it kills you.
trying this new twitter on my site
u know i promise with my self i wont cry now.......... watching hachiko but everythime i broke my promise my self lol :(
Girls can leave the toilet seat down but guys can't leave it up?
I'm thinking of a number in betwen 1 and I've had too much Bourbon.
Well hello there!
BIG congrats to all of our friends on the news. We'll miss you and wish you the best of luck! You have played a key role for us. :)
the only thing i hate about hookah is the side affects, here come the headaches and stomach aches t(-_-t)
“: ": You're only young once, but you can be immature forever." Can I get an AMEN?!” - AMEN! <U+264B>
woo what a day!!! welcome to 2012 Rickie Lee its gonna be a busy year for you!!
Should be, just bump him to Tuesday.
Morning twitter...am I the only person who didn't watch the grammys last night....#onceuponatime and #walkingdead was so much better
" #SOMEDAY I will get the mike Tyson tattoo on my face" Ahahahahhaa !
Never confuse movement with action. -- Ernest Hemingway
Loving the rainy weather in Manchester....although I should've brought my galoshes instead of furry boots
yes. At least there is
Probably. Though I rather enjoy watching you shoot the fish in the barrel that are the RIM-folk.
Need a ride and a ticket to the Hampton game? We got you www.friendsofhowardfootball.org only $55!
I just want to let everyone know.... um. I'm NOT in the mood today...
that will take a few visits! We're in your neighborhood until 8 if you get out early, btw.
If you don't come to Circle-A Cafe at 8, you're missing a good time! and and will be there!
"Blake Griffin" Oh yeah. He's not Kobe. But he dunks well.
I wanna hold your hand, making love again...I need to be near youu
#DancerProblems can't keep a pedicure for more than 3 days lol
I refuse to participate in this recession. As the economy continues to tank, my income has skyrocketed!!! DM me to learn how you can too =)
It is pretty shitty to steal somebodies content. You should at least say sorry. I mean you liked it enough to steal.
#DePaul technology offices allow you to borrow anything! Remember to ask and explore all the resources.
Yessssssir. #hoosiers #iubb RT : Indiana really is going to win the National Championship next year.
ha! That's incredible!
“: I hate hate hate DC Cabs. " says at least they stop for you. Traffic is our enemy.
:) It's a great day to celebrate all things beautiful this Monday.
9AM on a Saturday, and a todo list as long as my arm. Guess I should start.
I love snuggling under a blanket in a thunderstorm!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Ok...as promised, its 2011 and Mad Frog is getting tweety this year. Check us out Thursday night: UZI, Federal & Co., Those Guys! 18+ 10pm.
In the yo with makin hits .. #SHOUTOUT to for holding me Down .. Muah
It's like Holmgren and Heckert have been saying about Colt.
yo I'm gonna find the no retreat no surrender t shirt
Yo is 1-8 lifetime vs STL with an ERA > 6.00. They're like angry birds to him. I'm more of a Words With Friends guy... Lol
Happy B Day!
thank you! You are too. <3
#Packers Ticket Giveaway Starts soon! Get down to Brass Monkey 2 #Milwaukee!! 700 East Layton! Go Pack Go!!
See on Wisc Ave, #ClevelandPark: man painting a picture of Murphy's before it disappears. When I spoke to him abt his work, he glared at me.
this has to be the 1st time ive seen the words comcast, free, and works great in the same sentence ;)
Late night, early morning.
CAVU is the new YOLO. Shout out to President George H. W. Bush.
the kid is constant entertainment!
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Lesson #3 from the rabbi at #ideaseconomy is Response - or the Sputnik moment and how we deal with change
What ? They've been telling the cheerleaders that for decades ;-)
You ok?
For the Brewers pitchers, strikeouts are an absolute must.": Ryan Braun should have thrown the ball to second."
get that edumacation boy!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>what a beautiful relationship
I finally saw Red Tails. The movie was good. Had me on the edge of my seat!
Its a bit late but i want to see Hugo
You are entirely correct, it WOULD be fun to watch...months of cackling LOL :)
No, Should I ?
Dude from lady antebellum needs to button it up one. C'mon bro.
did you see if I had one?
RT I determine that my life will be used to bring HONOR! Honor to those beside me, those following behind me, & those who've gone b4!
but what to expect from the author of "The Clash of Ideas in World Politics: Transnational Networks, States, and Regime Change, 1510-2010"?
That has happened to me these past days...it happened today too and no one heard me :(
O.M.G , 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL MY TABLET COMES ! :D Uqqh, Someone REPLY ! XO :P
thanks for the RT
Remain calm! I want to know all the details when you accept their offer!
Can it be Friday already? Can be here already? #2days #itsnotthatfar... Lol
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Cross promote across your own platforms! Send your videos to your email list, tweet your blog posts, etc.
my old coworker works there now...
Up in Walmart it is plenty of tail in here!!
Not a good game last night, but they'll rebound at home. #NYR didn't seem to have any sustained pressure in Caps end.
The Bay Area Princess #justineperez. Can't wait to hear you in action again
Want better skin? go to Lyndsey - 7yrs at spa she'll teach you about dry body brushing, food for skin & the best in skincare
You gave me wings you made me fly. You touched my hand I could touch the sky <3 #inlove :D
Lotta... what you gettin into tonight
Haaaahahaha! RT : Our national GOP poll, out tomorrow, finds Republicans like Sarah Palin more than any of their actual candidates
Spoke to 4 huskies yesterday!!! Lots o'energy - they are learning to be a happy unified pack and live in a team!!... Aren't we all?? HA!
Took the dog out for a walk, watched car pull out from behind mine, proceeded to slam into the next car up the block.
I love Fidel Castro. Can I get five days off now?
Little Bitty Pretty One!
i'd be lying if i told you, losing you was something i could handle.
Why are you watching cartoons on a Friday morning?
yeah, i'd be more worried it climbing on your shoulder or something while on the highway. silly mice trying to kill you
I'm officially adopting your wonderful students; they're so bright and curious.
Is your dog always licking their paws? Could be environmental allergies TIP: wash the paws after being outside to remove the allergens.
Ready #wisconsin? 's #Hustle Training is coming this 2012. Contact ME ASAP. It is not online yet...
shut up you no you love my ass!!! I mean you've said it before so
April is that wonderful time of year that Studios dump movies they didn't know what else to do with.
Does anyone remember the Incredible String Band song that ends: "Stranger than that we're alive. Stranger than that, stranger than that!" ?
Hehe it's alright, I was cleaning up myself so I wasn't here either :) & well just go to bed then? :) <U+2665>
WI #alcoholtax has lost 82% of its value since last raised in 1969! Yikes! Talk about falling behind as a state.
Is the obvious you are focusing on really a diversion from where your #efforts should be targeted? SeanLetwat
mostly the people. they are really mean, disrepectful 2 me. i try not 2 care but i always do eventually. idk y
I will start putting a few things together soon, and can add your video ad if you want to do that with more information. :D
Thank you for checking in! Have a great week!
no hospitality these days
It's great! You're going to cry in one of the episodes... Way too much to take in. :<
When? Thursday? If so, YES! We need to get lunch on the calendar -- once and for all. :)
“Bed is the poor man’s opera.” — Italian proverb.
why are you so cute? ;) <3 love you
omg! I've never been whistled at. But this one guy did wait until I was all the way down the street to start (c)
now my 4th tweet is to you! feel... excited! ;)
Harv had MPAA on the ropes, then decided he was Ross Perot "I Quit" - Hardly a win, more an EPIC FAIL :
well I've been busy with church, getting ready for college and such, and im in a theatre production next week! How about you bud?
Squeal like a piggy all the way home! *squee* *squee* *squee*
what's good man cats trynna get on da team it wat?
Getting ready to go on North Country Public Radio at 11 a.m. EDT to take calls and prepping for my talk tonight at SUNY Potsdam.
A couple days delayed, but sweet cameo on #GIRLS!
You made it so sweet, until I woke up on the concrete.
Getting grief over whether or not the #empanaditas I made are really considered a pie. Crust, apricot filling...pie. Happy National Pie Day
Celtics Win! One down two to go!
Monday music day! Practicing tonight gearing up for some upcoming shows and working on our new songs!
So happy they're here! RT : girls are seeing female execs in high tech careers at the Dell campus. Powerful!
Ever drank in a gay bar?
RT : A chapatti hot off the griddle is about as close as you can get to zen #icantgetenough >> m yum!
Don't understand y its only an "April's Fools Day"! It's fools year round & people r fooled year round.
#OhBaby books by fashionista, celebrity mommy, TV star, America's favorite girlfriend and author available at expo!
Thank You :)
Whole wheat noodles, the healthier food!
. consistency is key to brand, we want the Coke we had today, to taste like yesterday's to taste like tomorrow's
can I steal you?
so sorry you have a headache, I get them too. And yep, the best thing to do is take meds if you have them and sleep it off!
Do Right And Kill Everything
Anyone else a #scifest today? I'm with in the Book Fair area near the food! I'm here with ! Stop by!
me too, but still waiting for my every-other-day itunes updates, and so excited to see what the new java update is going to bring
hope you're right. Gonna try blueberry and raspberry flavored.
Listening to O'Malley talk about gay marriage here in the state where I was born. of Baltimore (with an exgirlfriend of course)
Everything that irritates us about others, can lead to a greater understanding of ourselves.
speak for yerself #smellyass u fart like a man and yes all ye followers can see this :Pxxx
Yep, probably not. I really hope that the next time the #Mets face him, we really run his ERA up lol.
Dude done lost his mind
Check out our nude room and full bar.
Have a great Friday too, Erin.
yes, because the '.jpgjpg.jpg' was needed in case I had no idea what the file type was. Jeez, some people....
putting on anything today!
The yanks only needed one more dominant starter and Pineda fits the bill at the right price. If you can't get the King, get the Prince!
We'll be in booth D3 at #DEMO #DEMO12 tomorrow. Come say hi!
My parallel parking skills are off the chain!
Just had a lovely visit in my office with THE Bill Schonely. All is good in world!
ugh, i can't stand phishing scammers...
The smell of fresh hot Garret's popcorn in the am hhmmmmm!
I mean, if there's ever a hashtag you can get behind, it's
ha your probably right!
Sweet ride. Did forget how hills that don't much look like hills can make legs feel like flaming slabs of concrete.
happy birthday brah
lmao i aint mean to it slipped ..!
Finally getting around to reading Shiver. Wow!! Wishing I could somehow prolong the experience of reading it for the first time!
Because of Jimmy Conrad, right?
16.I like school Turn On:Boys who are smart Turn Off:Boys who think they know everything in the entire universe
There's an inside game to every trade for home improvement. Learn to navigate the jungle, or be prepared to lose money, time and tranquility
Lunch is served and I've got dinner shift off. What to do with the afternoon?
Another book to read: The Coming Jobs War
TWSS : Lin didn't rule out Game 4 a week from today. "We just don't know how it's going to respond,"
At McDonalds eating breakfast :)
The Truth is from my home town of Henderson!?!? HCHS should have been yalls pick for 6A football team to win state.
I am #obsessed with Bath & Body hand sanitizer.
Literally cannot sleep. I've laid in bed for an hour. Keep thinking about tomorrow with I need a time machine....or sleeping pills.
I had a client who wanted to purchase it. I haven't used it myself; not sure if it is compatible with current WP or not.
you watching Cuse/Gtown? Think either are a threat come tourney time?
#genomesolver #curenet paul allen, cornell ornithology lab, is talking about ornithology datasets. e-bird gets 1.5-3 mill observations/mnth!
same here.. trying to stay one move ahead.
Just said "I love you". To the dog. The last couple of hundred times have been to the dog.
i lost my phone. How am I ever going to speak to you again?!:(
Looking forward to a visit from & team for a tour & to serve lunch to our seniors today!
THATS IT?? THATS IT?!?!? BUT JUSTI BIEBER IS MORE IMPORTANT?? :@
all i bet that's boring you not going out
I do belive I wrote a tweet on the dry erase bored in Mrs Bonfields class!;)
" dear karma, I have a list of people you have missed." dont worry , it always comes around eventually
Are you there God, it's me Tim.
I'm in agreement, although I think 'Tree of Life' edges it out a bit in terms of 2011's best thus far...
which one? i'll send it to you. email info to :)
You got me with that one! Didn't think that far into it :-)
What's the collective mission/calling for today's library students?
I don't get drunk..I just vibe
You also need to consider what your time is worth. You might be able to save a little more, but will need to wait 3 mos. to use it.
Thanks so much for the support!
Please post any online PhD Speech programs that you're aware of. Clinical/Research Thanks
Congrats to T. Allen, D. Dickerson, D. Dotson, A. Poulter, J-M. Reese, LJ Rose, & R. Sulaimon on signing today! So proud of all of you!
Thank you God for everything. I love you.
lol I sent that to the wrong person(: my bad sorry
can you do an imagine about me and vinny,mikey,or nick any boy is fine
bxtchz who have no respect 4 themselves, should NOT b respected
Summit Daily News reports Sat's weather for Frisco, CO: hit or miss thunderstorms, clear otherwise. Finally, weather report I can trust.
Thank you!!! She is currently at the hospital getting her chemo in the spine and port.
geometry is the worst thing ever.
Pack your own lunch snacks. Buying snacks are convenient but a big waste of money.
Word of caution to job-hunters out there: per my studies, most health insurers are biased against steeplejacks. You're welcome.
Way to go on the td's!
Thanks, ev been working on some amazing stuff, cant wait to see it go live :D
Your blog just made me crave some Altalntic scallops!
Tae Tae On A Time Out
I am very happy about my life right now and its just the beginning.....
Fear the sprinkler baby!!! #hahaha!!!
Wish someone knows what is the best place for tatts in washington
daydreams were dangerous, because they made her wish for things she could never have.
Shout out to President William Taft. Showing Americans you can still accomplish your dreams despite morbid obesity
I shall see you next Friday #fantabuloso (;
you best believe I'm getting that one!
“: Turn out the lights, the party's over ... Flyers up 3-0, and Pens are done-” Flyers writer...33:50 minutes remaining.
Just found your site, and i love it!
Pain don't hurt.. --Patrick Swayze
“: The check has got to be in the mail or it doesn't count. #maddow ”
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you soo much cody, i would cry if u saw this! your amazing
glad you enjoyed it. Maybe you even had stories to add?
Nancy D. settled her case for $75,000!
Cause I'll say HEY you'll say BABY how's ur day I'll say CRAZY but it's all gunna be alright IM LOVIN YOU TONIGHT:) <3
yep, that's my place # 1, but I instruct #scuba diving so much that I don't dive on days off. Love it at the library!
FML....shit make'n my job harder.
No, that's idiotic. Plus you'd still have to have an umpire there for fair and foul balls, plays at the plate, foul tips, etc.
My favorite post partum exercise was swimming and pool exercise with baby...
Wow! Thanks so much for the follow. Ps hope to have live shots of you performing live in PA this week posted
The saddest day was when I foound out who you really were.
Count down to the big move! I hope everything goes well and as planned.
Dexter was good now going to the W to have a cocktail who's coming?
LOL! I wish...global business doesn't recognize Sundays!!! ;-)
Thank you for reading and sharing! Following now!
Sentropi - Online Fraud Prevention Cyber Security System Facilitates Device Identification -
Oh lord, Pacquiao just lost my respect for saying that -________-
Omg I just saw the Sealy mattress commercial.....Holy crap it's awkward
no school Monday :D
I hear you, but other than Burnett I think we have very solid replacements now. Bigby and Harris coming back will also help.
That's about as meaningful as preseason polls. Fact is we're the BCS champ of job loss.
This Friday's show: Are you a Sole Proprietor or an LLC? Do you know how to make your hbb legal? FIND OUT! www.worldtalkradio.com
At least he wasn't naked like they do in the Terminator movies.
RT : Heading to for NYC packet pickup. Come check out the Karhu shoes and apparel.
Off to read a little Dr. Seuss for the Janney Elementary Dr. Seuss Day celebration.
it's obvious by the sloppy email pitches I receive from students that they think there's no time to craft something unique or persuasive
I am going through Jesse Pinkman withdrawal.
Kathy Troccoli song on AI....awesome!!!
At Mi Tierra having a late birthday dinner and drinks with my love before we hit da club and boogie!!
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes. It means a lot. Thank you so much!
are you new to Twitter like me?? ~Jessica
This old vine zin is doing me right.
What's up with girls giving guys head behind Ross at southlands ... And video taping it? Your a whore sweetheart.
How was it to be back on the East Coast before heading across seas for the ?
I hope your nightmare doesn't come true...been looking forward to #Thor movie for awhile..:)
The smaller the item, the higher the baking temperature.
“: 8 years to the day when Bush put on that costume and falsely declared "Mission: Accomplished."”
#bullying its wrong to have bullied girl's mom yelling " kill him" at the martinez macklin fight. :-)
I love you wifey!!!
Sorry, my last RT via
I Got It Jay.. Im Bout To Txt You Back...
The WA State Senate did the right thing tonight in approving same-sex marriage!!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn whn she keep saying : I know u cheating on me,Who is she ??? I'm not mad just tell me.
Wanna break Olivers face then?
someone give me a good sports movie to watch. Field of Dreams is over.
Bad news: cooking breakfast set fire alarm off. Good news: cute firefighters in the lib = not a bad way to start the morning. :D
what kind of venue are you looking for? do you know any cbus bands?
Join us on May 15th for our official launch party! Free giveaways, sports activities and more! 4-7 pm at the Red Bull Soccer Arena
Kombucha & a massage today--very grateful!!!
I work 2 fucking jobs and working on my business you think I have time for this shit?
...By Increasing employee productivity, facilitating business growth, delivering IT efficiency, and driving business efficiency.
Today is Fat Tuesday For All You Mardi-Grass Lovers Wish I Was In New Orleans.!!
His site is nuts! Thanks ya'll.
take as many classes as you can. Research online and find some acting workshops in your city.
#free pizza right now for #pace students!!!!!!_
Back from the coast, was nice riding the train.
Congrats! RT : Evidently I race well in the mud. Sweet. 4th in collegiate A race today. Did a lot of dropping people in turns.
Now that's a new one
Annan: Syria accepts plan to end violence
You forgot someone. His name is !!!!
so sleepy!
Celebrate #Chicago's 175th b-day with at the Nature Museum tomorrow! Stop by to get a 1 yr family membership for $17.50!
thanks for the follow. This looks like FUN!
more focused then ive every been
With no #Caps hockey, I need more Zimmern and Bourdain, and so much less, or better none of, Man v. Food.
Bouts to call it a night, then tomorrow night gonna party like its the last new years of my life!!!!
thanks for your feedback. look for the change later today!
Sometimes we must humble ourselves and accept the help of others. It may not be the path we expected to take, but if it helps us grow as...
You know me so well RT : jack and diet?
my son Dogen started teething at about 2 months.
hey I've been out of the loop! finished season 1 but havent had time to watch more. whats happened???
that's cool a show AND a game!!
He kidnaps children & forces to be violent soldiers to terrorize people, turns girls into sex slaves. So sick, I'm going to cry
Your really took that song to the next level JP. Thanks again!
RT : You NEVER know what you have until it's GONE!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><U+2601>
why dont u be on twitter ne more
My friends are strange.
When I'm overwhelmed, so grateful I know where to turn for help. Thanks
RT : "NYC has more college students than Boston has people" received a round of cheers.
tell me have you ever wanted someone so much it hurts? your lips keep trying to speak, but you just cant find the words<U+2665>
Thank you! Great social on Wednesday! RT : Happy
I'm cold! <U+E421> lol
Making some real bangers with and !!! Real music!!
": Santorum: It's a states' issue. Our country clearly has to be as homophobic as the most homophobic state."
full of crab cake and "Watchman Slugger" from to support -Pulling it together for Coal Fired Bicycle band practice.
What an amazing #tigers comeback! 12 in a row!!
My last two gifts came in today...and they are completely bad-ass. Thanks to for making this happen!
Ya pays bananas, ya gets monkees
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.
awesome. Nearly every command line app I write has a --pretend option.
I don't drink,smoke,or do pills , but I'm still fun ;-)
that will teach me to butt in. Sorry
I love the #teamnickasaur family:)
maybe he's upset that he no longer has the best thing that ever happened to him? ha
let's go see avengers at 9:30
hey! I just took a shower, lady!
How about a two line tax code: 1. How much did you earn? 2. Send it in.
Me and my grandkid were selected on America Got Talent and performed in front of producers
OK - bought a lotto ticket. $5 to dream during my hour long commute home seems like a good investment.
does it me i'd hav 2 buy all stars if i dunt win :'(
Today is a boyzIImen sort of day.
Lets all join hands and commit Twittercide tonight!!
#TheDonVideo is the best video ever made
Happy labor day to all. Roots will be closed. Enjoy.
Me thinks the caterpillar is not the worm, here!
Dig deep within your soul to forgive the ones that hurt you but you must forgive to be forgiven
Fantastic score! Jealous.
It's a good appointment slot b/c Everyone is bright eyed. Sounds like you are, too. Good morning!
“: Not really interested why 10K attendance for the womens game is NOT realistic in USA. It CAN and WILL be done.”
Ruby Jo's first easter = success. My gift of measuring spoons, best ever. Everyone knows babies like things that aren't really toys!
Only 35-40 min. away via his helicopter. So he may be in an Empire State of Mind most the time but Labor Day he's ours!
thanks, I found it! I also read your blog and got a kick out of your #walkingdead coverage
There are people who drop out of Twitter and you might not want to keep following them.
Thanks. That sucks but thanks lol. I have a quantum.
Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
Of course not, but if that does happen I will be switching my day off to Mondays :)
I know you will probably call me a dickhead now, anyway luv thanks for the follow.
I'm just enjoying a quiet, relaxing evening. U?
that's better haha. And is a badass, wish I would've stuck around after the last PKDetroit to bs with him.
let's see how this gets confirmed.
just finished a phone interview.. really glad they couldnt see the nervous "glistening"
where my hoodie nigga
is what mine?
hey Sean, what's going on down in Austin.?
that was our so called roll dog in 4th grade # themdays<U+2755>
thanks for the follow. I'll miss you guys and thumbing through hard copies of the paper when i leave
please follow me!
random but was wondering you thoughts that we in Seattle are snow wimps from LA times LOL.
Yeah, I'm going with Macalester.
43-34 at the half. Don't really want to watch the second half.
Let's go this weekend!
okay i made it so my phone twitter is on this account :D
What brilliant romantic comedy should we watch in the shop today?
Hi. How goes the night?
that's so rad, thanks for spreading the word!
4 week e-mail reminder for 'habitat' going out to photographers tonight. Images will be on the site in 4 weeks time
is on Jimmy Fallon tonight. The excitement!
u ppl r meeeeeeeeeeennnnnnn if u said 1 word 2 me u wld make my day :(
Look out for our magazine coming soon! ;-D
I'm just gonna be devastated if I don't hear #endoftheworld live tomorrow night. Devastated. U agree, ?
just pulled a quote from Robert Anton Wilson's Prometheus Rising at Awesome.
Ha! Awesome.
Just talked with an 82 year old man about the state of the world. Slightly terrifying, but mostly very interesting.
Why didn't the win w/ Orton?
So weird to see Marty McFly' GF on CSI, how much time has passed? No! The Back2Future ride at Universal is now Simpsons even!
hehe, were trending again(:
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity; it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all. ~William Faulkner
This will be very, very ugly. We are going to have to fight extra hard to have a chance now.
It's official ... After watching the #Grammys I have to get false eyelashes
"Indirect #Solar energy involves more than one step from sunlight to useable #energy."
Senior year sucks. High school sucks. And the fact that i cant go to the school i want to go to sucks
y'all too.., smh ok I'll speak to y'all separately
BALLS! i am so bored
we're up by 34. What game are you watching
Anyways, Good Morning!
Sag awards!
Just found a bunch of #W6TF notes in my bag. Did Council ever finalize new ANC boundaries?
Yes!! Guess we'll have to catch it online later.
!!+~!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I'm glad! Have a good day today. Hopefully I'll talk to you later :)
“: hope it goes down better than my bad-friend bacon.” ah, Mexican wal-mart, thanks for the sweet, sweet Fud.
sure thing baby ;)
All my nigga's straight drug addicts, 'cause it takes one for you to know one.
the man behind is sharing the story of how he got his start. He has taken an interesting path!
I thought I tweeted a lot.Turns out I don't.Everyone i know has over 3000 tweets.I only have 2400 with 1100 followers.
if you think trading rondo is a good choice you should be in upper management on the celtics
Patron Tequila successfully places their ads in the corners at Baltimore harbor speedway today, congrats: Power/Verizon www.brandguyblog.com
- Looking forward to when you come to Milwaukee! Production Club () is thrilled to host your screening!
My baby got the game ball for hitting a grounder to the outfield!
love it! Took down Koby.
gurl i know
I am so tired
nah u gotta put powder on ya feet and in ya shoes
no. They were closing!!!! Stuff in LA closes. It's strange.
OMG YES :)
congrats on the lil' one. We'll get out to Boise for sure with Would be cool to catch up.
More goodies are coming, he he he he :D
It's wedding season on
You are a inspeartion to me I finally came out the same time you did on your old show
The #Flyers puck movement on the power play is really quite amazing. It's what a power play should look like.
awww so cute! =)
Why did it have to be today ugh
explain how that's comical..I think I missed something
AH I WANT A POMSKY
if you're like me, then the thing you miss most about Dallas is Tex-Mex. I also miss Burger House in HP...
#Friends c:
NAGIN THE MUSICAL @ THE STEAK KNIFE feb 3 and 4 Starring PHILLIP MELANCON and CHRIS CHAMPAGNE Call 891-3381 for reservations
Watching Fast 5. I'm going back to school to become Vin Diesel.
we still need to build! But thanx for making it rain blunts in Long Beach!
ya like those banners you saw hanging from the rafters at Honda Center?
Bout to root for the underdog tonight. LET'S GO KANSAS!
what starts as a book club always seems to end as an orgy
#calledout I have another event today, so I couldn't make it. Wish I could be there!
Have to Agree with you Mr Ross.
Don't sleep on the vision and destiny you have been called to...stay alert at all times...or abandon ship immediately ...
Voulkos gave his students permission to break the rules. #DeStaebler at
Just arrived in New Orleans for AAC&U General Education & Assessment conf.
Lauren Frillings Australian accent>>>
that's right girl! Bobby pins keep u from being a mess lol
Anyways back to my music Romero santos ft. Usher - Promise
makin every excuse up right now, make me sick .
I wouldn't have cared if he couldn't chill but common courtesy is to call me and cancel
Any examples of great QR Code campaigns?
Going to Hawaii just to experiment with some coconut brewing options..
I will and yea same here I'm not working as much and just have one class on friday mornings until march
Good luck to St. Charles-based qtet "Grampa's Boys" in KC this weekend!
just testing..we will dial it in :-)
When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.
Countdown to October 15th begins now!
hAhaha I like you to ! (-:
Yeah, the sight and I got in a fist fight... I won.
you don't know which of your tweets I was referring to? I'm using logic...why so. Quick to play race card?
we are pumped for this years parade
“: Rise of the Planet of the Apes screening and talk back w/ Andy Serkis & director Rupert Wyatt.” My uncle was in that movie.
smacking won't hurt you! Unless of course you were stuffing your face like I was!! My pants do feel a little tighter!!!
Friday Fashion --- HOT or NOT: Maxi Dresses.
Yolk is so good:).
Everything seems to be blooming!
Radio station archive alert. RT Self-aware Packers GM Ted Thompson, joking about moving up twice: "I've gone crazy."
21 days until the Settlement Summit in NYC - UNCA & our partners invite you to be part of our movement www.UNCA.org
one of the best books on acting I have ever read
They're moments lost in time, like tears in rain
MN peeps, anyone looking for a BNI group to join? DM me if you are, and I'll let you know if your chair is open in my group!
- keynote session slides: http//bit.ly/sloan-wiley
calm down
There goes your Christmas Gift from me.
the tech blackout for #sopa has gotten attention. don't think that Big Media has not noticed. next time they will lobby harder.
Taking the Circulator down for the opening reception of the Roberto Clemente exhibit at the Reginald F. Lewis museum.
Yay #GWU good choice! Let's go celebrate next time we are both in town. And, not McFaddins, thank you.
already entered. it's time for you to enter now!
Oh f*** you UPS, we all remember the pass too.
R.I.P. Adam Yauch
“: just imagined how excited we would be about Obama if he got a pilot picked up” POTUS and Recreation.
I copped edible arrangements too
Sounders fans prepping for the game by cheering for Larry the bus driver. They be fans of all sorts.
I knew you'd appreciate this film! It's the "Citizen Kane" of guinea pig movies. :D
Thanks Jill! We have lots of Boobie events coming up and would love to have you join us!
great to connect. Hope you have a great week as well!
.: put together a solutions team to talk about how we can really engage people about our work.
At the orthodontist.....
Putting finishing touches on my presentation for this afternoon; may have just fixed my Big Giant Thesis Conclusion problem.
Whew, cool. I'm currently recommending a blogging strategy. But, I have noticed this trend as well. Thanks!
Go Bears! Good to see a win! 3-0 baby!!!!
that's like my iPod playing David Crowder followed by KISS on shuffle!
Gotta admit I love Pagan in the five hole.
Good Luck against OSU today
Monday, Monday!!!! Half off on wine bottles??? Only at Salute. Open until 2am!
Good morning world...
Fine stuff! Seems to me this phenomenon hollows out human intention in a way that approaches machine-learned models of human choice.
#ANADucks aren't playing with enough intensity. Let's ramp it up boys
That was sweet:) no homo! I love you pay!!
re:whaling I once KILLED at scrabble w 'flense'; would not believe the rage it sparked, etymological&conservational. Ymmv.
Power is not the important thing in life, it's how you use it.
Had a game today
oh wow hon
makes me want a boba tea
Hopefully all of the bad turns are out of the way and it only gets better from here! :) Happy Monday!
You know when someone is just a little too hard on himself... And you just want to tell them it's ok to have that 1 donut.
listening to music while tweeting with u.
good. i love them eyes. you too cute!
i want to get my bullybutton pierced (:
Please send me home for wearing slides.. lmao this schools a joke yo
yes he was. Can't say I've seen that before.
Good Morning
Just realized I've had a crush on since Spin magazine. That's ten years now. Jesus.
I believe your still waiting on panera bread as well
(extremely) Local tweet: courtesy of the lovely family, chocolate decadence cookies & a heart-shaped cake are in the R&D office!
am I right?
If you want to be kept up to date on the best deals available, follow (our new account)!
I never saw it.....DSTV next time text me on 0977 891431
Perhaps a visit to is in order??
Yea ppl never listening to me thanks TJ for tellin ppl
big fam of union. way to go!
I actually said that haha RT : please tell me you rolled down the window and yelled "GO Ninja! Go Ninja Go!"
What's your favorite book to read with a child? Mine is Wild Child by Lynn Plourde.
and the 2nd link is working better now....it's file sharing some go bad some not! Lol
Thanks for checking-in! Let us know if we can do anything for you. Happy Friday!
okay thanks
Whitney Houston is dead.She passed away this afternoon of a overdose @ age of 48 she will be missed
Today, I'm super pissed off, so no one talk to me, alright?
Come on out to the Rib Cage! Iam playing a few tunes and drinking lots of beers! $2Coors Light Draft, $6 Coors Light Pitchers, $3baby Bombs!
Glad it worked out! RT : . thank you! cc:
lmao! Yes ma'am! Mickeys tomorrow??
Just walked up behind my mom in the kitchen and pantsed her. This is so she knows I care.
Baking cupcakes for my boyfriend. Watch out world, this is about as domestic as I get.
RT : "Diligence is the mother of good luck." --Benjamin Franklin
Look at artist He has over 900,000 followers & he follows 29. Follow ur fans & Interact with them.
Hanging out at home, need to win to football pool again baby!!
you tell em' glen co co!
haha yeah it's unfortunate, thats why if I play I only play tables. Slots risk/reward valley is too great for my liking.
Sherlock! It's so good it almost makes up for only 3 eps per season. Almost.
I'm a bad tweeter. Life has been too crazy/busy lately. Sorry everyone. :(
Please RT: Check out the official video for Matt's Song! If you love face melting guitar solos this is it! good enough for ?
Lmfaoo, TISDALE ! STFU ! i'll tell you to do the voice tomorrow then! ;)
So…Tiago on Blake?
I thought it was brown this whole entire time
your show is TOO FUNNY today! We love our beautiful women!
getting moved to Cali is where I been lol
It's about time Houston got an H&M. #houston #h&m
At the bar for the badger game and a beer.
Thanks for RTs and mentions! I really appreciate it...
To our #Tucson friends: we'll be at the Tucson Festival of Books this weekend! Come see us at booth 510 on the East Mall!
there is no more USSR, Harry
boutaa go work out now . DEUCES .
Tired of searching all over the internet for childrens toys and games? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com your one stop shop!
however, was not meant to sound snarky. This is just not a conversation for tweets.
Only Love Him For The Moment .
One 10-unit rental proposal sent before 9AM. Another by end of day. Getting amped.
shanaban created all these hits
Just finally read the New Yorker profile of So proud of my college roommate. She has always spoken her mind w/conviction.
“ My Lil sister & my nephew with me gotta find something for us to do.”
cause I rather release the final product full of dope music, instead of little bits and pieces lol
Going to watch Chelsea on Saturday but that's it. Lol
#ASECS12 Brown: focus on animals in 18c can lead us to discover new genres. E.g. Lapdog poems as form of love poetry.
they just said they're gonna play it again. keep listening! it's so good!
You're the Magnety - Pixiest! Thanks for the RT!
Popcorn for the boys
minister shaqzilla! Cause Shaq can philosophy!
Don't forget: CAMPUS MOVIE FEST has their #CUA screening at 7:30 in Great Room C!
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
We flipped lots of pages today. Lots of work, but they sure are cool-looking now!
lol have been very busy:)
Totally unable to write one bloody paper!
Make that definitely not
hahaha I knew I knew you from somewhere. I'm the only senior there. -_-
#liamanddanielle (: perfect couple. He's not goi g to brake up with her,because his fans don't approve.It's love so leave them alone:/simple
don't hate on my re-tweeting skills. No worries though, I am a
work yet again. im just excited to go back to school shopping. anyone know some good stores?
I'm sorry that I'm so late. I haven't checked my mentions.
Accept change with humor, and embrace change with love. ~ Pat Burns
Go Whitewater D I champs?
is currently posting the best 140-character-or-less reviews of the art in their gallery for tonight.
Feel Famous. Sail Cunard. The Queen Elizabeth just celebrated her first anniversary! Call our experts for special pricing 800-803-7245!
When your heart skips a beat over someone <3 :)
Didn't go to school today I feel sick!!!!! Stuffy nose my eyes are...... nevermind but I hope my iconiacz make me feel better
s/o to for being so nice & pretty. & for us bonding over hating gym class in the beginning of the year.
There is some ET around but we are more commercial. Lots of people in the area do ET. Seems like some breeders are going to IVF.
yeah, i think they got full of themselves
I'll muster every ounce of Spanish I have!
Im pretty sure has the cam spot right above me :)
we are at your service
#BullsFam Fuck! the heat! I want the PACERS for The East!!!
you guys are way farther down in the gutter than I am okay!!
Working on my Bachelors Degree in Lagal Studies. Loving my school
Texarkana eliminates the host team Northeast by winning 9-1 in 8 innings
Very sad to hear about Maurice Sendack
disappointed in Legals Harborside. Was charged for an extra entree which resulted in a $600 charge on my account.
Wow I just realized my bday is in exactly a month from today.. excited(:
maybe they feel unpretty
Feels good to know I work at the best store in Northstar Mall (: ha last day next to Apple Wednesday than off to the BIGGER location yay!
i luuv me some babydoll.diggy.jacob.princeton.prodigy.ray ray. and some roc royal.:))
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe people that I fucking hate giving me dirty ass looks, and everything else they do
After all the Farve nonsense the past few years, so nice to hear "Aaron Rodgers: Super Bowl MVP."
enjoying my burrito bowl realizing substitution of guac for sour cream shouldn't be full price side
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out. Alfred Hitchcock
can't wait to read it!
but you are gay, how can you fuck them if you have no penis xD
Just heard a white girl say "ay Chingao pay me Now!!"
lol nah i was kidding though we should start over we started off on a bad track, im joey.
Setting up my Twitter account...my first tweet since Nov. 08
RT : More reinforcement today that A/B testing (which doesn't tell you WHY) is an efficient way to quickly get to a crappy design.
SO LUCKY aAHHHH :D
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. ~ Jawaharal Nehru...
Contact Mojo's World by E-mailing
Peeps is taking bets on what the beat behind this loop is going to be... Regaeton? Shuffle? Ah, still waiting... The suspense!!!
He's Worth qiven mahh All too <U+2665>
Tanning but I'm so white I'm blinding myself
Hello there! I keep seeing good things about your work on Facebook - congratulations!
This is what I'm talking about!
well im almost drunk so my head is in the wrong place imthinkg #sex now lol
Cool! and thanks.....
whenever ur ready for a twerk or die video with a few redbone day really kan twerk it.... Hit me up ;)
Pittsburgh. Lord have mercy.
If I was your boyfriend... I'll never let you go...
love your user name x
Wow 55 followers in 5 hours!....sad thing is I will only talk to 5 .....
Looking forward to an early morning talking about discipleship with the men of See you at 6:30am boys!
how much are you pricing these tape players for? Can you record on them?
Watching tom and jerry everyday after school
#NMRealEstate Rates jumped up a bit last week. Seems they are trying to adjust back down. We are talking .250. Not much.
I love and so much there like my sisters #NOJOKE <3
Nice work in Haiti. Also check out & work in Haiti building schools, changing children's lives
The day I stop making fun of myself is the day I quit life.
kool was going to buy some today but my brother came home with some pizza from mama luna's its okay...
Yes, got it. Sorry! But shouldn't the result of training be learning? How do you separate? Didn't mean to cause angst!
Working at the library makes it hard to read what's already on my shelves at home!
Yay! halloween is almost here!
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust His will.
Hey you were born today! That day is now a special a day to rap music! Stay up pimp! Have a great day/night!
Lol, about time RT : yes freeman! now im good lol
It's a little early to research for bar bets, but there you go.
Thanks for the feedback. We've got some new stuff coming soon. Thanks for watching!
my love is like a star, you can't always see me but you know that i'm always there <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
So are you going to let me know what is going on with the money you owe me? Tired of leaving private messages-must go public.
Watching "American Pawn" omg this show is amazing!
I cant buy into the game is so vastly different from when Dalglish played/managed back in the Tudor age. Nonsense.
#showthinking Liberty Kids can't get film made Rae in New Hampshire Film Chandler LA Time Orick Sara Ginger
stir fry houston! yum. :)
please contact me wen u can....i would really like to tlk to u...or someone in twloha
n n
My deepest darkest secret? I watched Shazaam...twice :-/
Congrats to for earning the #pulitzer for criticism.
thanks so much Wendy! UR awesome ;-)
I just love your photo-eyes!
Toasting in the sun with the bestie ! The day is beautiful to tan! God is so awesome! :D <3
Had a awful afternoon
awww! you'll see them in concert at some point i promise :)
I don't care what anyone says I'm addicted to
haha! seriously.. we're such party poopers at 7
RT : RT : Raining in london lk a flood of data heading towards the hub westminster 4
Storms are rumbling over much of central #NewMexico, especially in #ABQ! I'll have your forecast through next week tonight on KOB Channel 4!
Tonight at Salinger's: LIVE NUDE CLOWNS
But fuck it. I wouldn't trade being a Heat fan for the world. That's real.
I'm ova here grinding..let's get IT!!!!
Future of personalized medicine-- medications and treatments tailored to YOU:
I fainted greeting into my car today if that's any indication of how my day is going
Did you find your craving??
apparently there is a pub crawl? My friend is acting like there is only one...
HEY WANNA GO OUT
Still pumped about great win at #ufc144! is ELITE with 16-2 and is an inspiration!
Just realized there is no Northwest quadrant Sunday Parkways. That's weird.
Fanny packs, and the idea that they could somehow be considered "cool," is why I want to give hipsters a smack upside the head.
“With Europe closed to tourism-the time was right to launch a coast to coast campaign promoting our national parks”
Come to the fourth lecture in the Common $ense Financial Literacy Series tonight at 6:15 in ICC105. Free pizza!!
how did i look tonight? 10lbs heavier?
No more TAKS tests for me
well im here for u if u need to talk
You an are the best! Luke an I really appreciated coming by being so supportive! Tell Becks sry a tiger got me ;)
moving to LA would've been less painful for that fanbase. More enjoyable now for #Packer fans
Thanks for helping to get the word out ! We appreciate it!
Cool shades, bro! Hope to have RAMP pumping through both Internets soon!
Awesome/Aweful idea of the day. Tweet an on the fly #poem about BBQ! Who's in?!
. nope, it's working fine now! Thanks for the reply!
Havent tweeted in a minute
what's up?
Do you ever sleep? I rt stuff from you at 1 AM my time & now I see you at 9:45 AM my time. BTW, thanks for the FF recommendation.
I would be interested to see what he can do.
Id say that was a pretty decent success, thanks for hanging!
that's a good look fam, I rockz wit you all day son.
LOVE STORY!!
Mm this job used to be fun. This bitch is getting on my last nut. Sorry for the language, I've been irritable lately
says to never say never, so im never,ever,ever,EVER going to stop trying to get him to follow me :) <3
justin can go on viddy but not instagram. lol ok justin
oh lololol I thought it was funny. A little bit
You guys are killin it with TVF lyrics right now!
It's true, my site has been hacked. Working on it.
I know
jane. how old are you?
you guys are very entertaining;))
go get that other one, because I'm no longer the only one.
I'm glad you're having fun! I'll be home Saturday and I can't wait to hear all about your trip
Who opened the window
Fat Bitches Get Munchies
where?!? Certainly not here! Cheater!
let's hope the second half is Nuggets all the way :)
#stuck on some who treats you like you're nothing. #bitch won't even talk to me.
Side note on near drowning in Willamette River: Guy who shot rescue wanted money for video. Guy who saved man wanted nothing.
We argue too much.
At this point in the morning, my mind is totally not in the mood to understand CSS & Javascript code that isn't working.
don't 'splode just hop on a plane
I'm up to 150 followers! Thanks for the support. I love that the band is following me... they must like my name!
You can! Everyone is beautiful in different ways. Never forget that :)
lol, wouldn't have it any other way.
A haiku for you..."God gave you this day/ As a special gift for you/ It's the thought that counts."...Enjoy this beautiful day!!
I have a TMobile 4G phone &it is not useful down here in the basement so that may not have helped much. I think AT&T is ok here.
Agreed!!! #sonsofanarchy is my new favorite show and season 2 (so far) does not disappoint.
our product helps to bring back intimacy in a relationship by resparking the "fire". We have arousal creams to help as well
Saved AGAIN by drop box
where at ?
Joe Adams is INSANE
I'm good, watching Bama vs LSU. How about you?
miss ya too
#NHLNetwork has it live. Bettman looks pissed about this deal. Piss off!
On My Way To The Store To Support Real Music. Bout To Cop Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Shout Out To
The PROOF is what U dont see on so U will continue 2 B lied 2 by #GOP Billionaire$ & watch #GOP FAIL AGAIN!
Looking back on it now, spring break was probably the best week of my life
Deng needs at least 26 tonight for the Bulls to win
is Killing me :D . Follow me please<3
seems hilarious.
Hi all, wanted to let you know about Zaneta Sykes (). She is an amazing drum teacher, currently accepting private students in NYC!
Wow I love you new profile pic !
By the way: needs to stop hatin' for real! It's just not cute!
the boys threw the stones | hitting the car and the house | — angst seeking a vent
What's up today in your world? Anything fun, dangerous, adventurous, or otherwise?
the reason I changed my life. He's an inspiration to me.
right down the street!
We are all beautiful. We are all ugly. We are all human. Inside and out.
DON'T WE ALL, lol
I love rereading your tweets, is that weird or wrong?
I'm pretty sure that I'm going to try and sneak my man's hoodie home with me
Half Price Bottles of Wine at tonight..... Makes for a great night!
Slightly sprinkling in LA. That means the traffic is bad this morning. "What is this water doing in the air? It should be in our bottles."
We need to open a bakery
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Origami Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Congratulations Thank you for continued vision and leadership, thanks to the people of Baltimore for continued confidence in you.
Gas station is packed and of course I picked the wrong cars to wait behind. Too bad my gas light is on...
What's up everybody?! Enjoying this lovely weather?
lol...I miss you too next day off Imma, be ova there
love you too!!
as a local foodie allow me to also rec., Hot Chocolate (a MUST!), Cafe Babareba, Ann Sathers 4 breakf. & Bongo Room
Got your foot stuck in a microwave?
- i also like to start my day with a tea cup of organic lemon juice and warm water.....so immediately calming
T maney, drive young bitches crazy.
I will not buy white clothes, I will not buy white clothes...Damn you, , shopping enabler extraordinaire!
But then again, the new tour dates dont include Nebraska or surrounding areas so :PP :'(
We heart u too! “: this is why I like both of you :)”
... You fellas in town?
if its raining, im not doing it.
Doesn't really seem like a necessary education for that job.
Pilar Sanders Sues Deion Sanders, Says He Plotted Violent Attack on Her to Get Her Out the House -
Great seat-mates & convo tonight RT : I'm sitting in funniest row @ #SMCSea w/
"AND I TOLD YOU TEN LIVERLIPS!"
you're a big deal around here, eh!
Texting Christina REALLY!?! The man was thanking her too..and she couldn't even look up from her phone
come to our salon!! Bring I did her hair for a shoot a while back and would love to see u guys!!
That is the most important story of the day!
I only fly a desk these days!
hey I'm interested in your product, could you send me info?
follow us!
I would never make fun of synchro, I almost drowned once too!
lol, nah. Not really, it was hot and the fan was on so yeah. Lol.
Mazda is seriously trying to make their car look cool by using the theme song form a cheesy 1970s show?
Wham, bam, steal the van
Please check out my answer on to: Can I sue a storage facility for auctioning off my belong...
Love New York City!!
He is so cute and sweet! Did he fall asleep like that? :)
Goodnight Everyone :) #HaveaGrandeNight (haven't tweeted that in a while)
Gave my step-mom a Mother's Day card and she started crying.
he will. He shouldn't.
well good for you. I will be partaking in similar activities shortly
Two weeks til I'm home. I can totally handle that. ...right?
#STANDGRAND Is The
This book is awaiting an agent to represent it; seeking an agent who is interested in helping others.
RT : Eating a salad with house dressing. Delicious.
Prepares the penultimate afternoon radio freedonia from 2 to 4 pm on wtju..net -- songs about the number one and other flotsam and jetsam
I'd love to get a tattoo from you lmao
IM SO PROUD OF MY BOYZ I LOVE YOU SO MUCH <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> BE ICONic
NFL Draft in T minus 22 hours!!!!
hands down that is awesome..... and you should be in dancing with the stars in the off season athough they need bigger girls
I wonder how many other knick fans just started laughing to themselves when Amare calmly walked away from WIDE OPEN chalmers 3 pointer?
Can't wait to see how my Crock Pot pork with parsnips and sweet potatoes turns out tonight. Didn't use a recipe. <3 slow cooker season!
Give us a shout if you want to know more about what we do. We're about to launch our #beta program! Wish us luck!!
Just drive safe.. Love you!
As a constituent in your district/state, I urge you VOTE NO on the House Appropriations CR Bill for 2011.”
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: What are three things that draw you to our fun and exciting Chic-I-Boom Ball?
Getting so excited about my new website! Almost finished...can't wait to show you all!
Go Linda! Every show needs a strong stage manager.
OK, way late for me. Time for bed! G'night twitter friends :)
Take calculated #risks. That is quite different from being rash. Gen. George Patton. Risk zero when doing depth #writing except loss of
did someone take it? I'd like to own <3
Today is Friday. Friday = GAME NIGHT! Bring it!
No no no honey you make us smile!
he just wants the Olympic style testing. Floyd would know all about that since he represented the USA in the Olympics.
Love the insight! It was nice to chat with you and CONGRATULATIONS! Forever the first team to win a in WI!
That being said, the new gravity element to #angrybirdspace really adds something interesting. Feels more like a true sequel.
Hilary Swank & Sam Rockwell's work in Conviction was absolutely incredible. Voting this year is so tough. Everyone's so deserving.
well gee love ya to Lea's mom. RememberTrust
r u guys up yet u should cuz its 8:35
No Culvers tonight. But someone must've alerted Cousin's subs in Monroe. They closed at 7?!
damn! Two preggo roomies? Auntie Emily is gonna be busy! Yea this woman in the train was too detailed! I was like STFU
DM ME BACK
: Again, we return to question: what is digital humanities? "being human in digital age"
yeah, your sister stations in Rochester (Entercom) are thinking of coming out. We'll bring the beer, you bring the pizza.
Just wrecked it on screams! :D
I'm a tech guy for 20+ years and find Linux opaque and unusable.
Sexism in Football?, BBC One, review: Michael Hogan reviews Sexism in Football, Gaby Logan's BBC One exploration..
Don't think , just do.
Adele samples. Get on that level.
The Block Card wants to welcome the Dolce Group, specifically Ketchup and the Geisha House Santa Ana, to the TBC team!
I Need a Chick That SING R&B/POP.. Gotta Get This Roster Up…
was great to meet the team this week thanks to #projectlove major props for the impact you are making with your comfy T's
lmao I do that sometimes
Aww fun! And how did your internship interview go?
Am I annoying?
F.U. Facebook. Why do you keep trying to refresh the news feed and make me unable to see anything that's going on??? I could miss something.
i sure as hell didn't laugh
Our Pleasure!
#TallyCardz are here folks! It's a MUST HAVE for ALL #FAMU and #FSU students
Thankyou so much! :)
Just stocked up on about 30 boxes of cereal. Why? It was a great deal, I have room for it, and I have a slight problem with hoarding.
yes. You looked busy. But I wanted to run and give you a hug.
coffee. donuts. stat.
I think it looks good b&w plus it would be cheaper to silkscreen I'd leave it or you could do the text in one color
Riding solo
Can't wait for camp hy lake!
I had a variation of that as a tag for awhile.
yes thank you. I think anyone with a pulse would know hey are lyrics from Rihanna.
Michael Ken concert this Fri. Admission only $5. Bring a chair. Food from Will & Pop's, Natty Green's Beer & of course, Grove estate wine.
aspiring models w/a nice "ATTITUDE" holla! if you need an image or stylist follow & RT
Vinyl is the best way to listen to music in the comfort of your own home.
Are you giving up Coke?
fact check please
Texting > sleeping. I'm finally happy again.
Best thing about this game I'd the cheer leaders in the background
Adele - Make you feel my love <U+2764>
Looks like a great week of events. I hope to attend at least a couple this week. Good luck!
Theyre yelling at you.
": #MentionYourCrush " I love you :)
because most of the pics i took were for u. i can upload pics now with my moms phone she has wifi. :) <3 prince <3
Wdf fuck u going to say I got aids ? Cause I would not stick my Dick in Ur nasty ass.really ? I pull paperwork out on u hoes like state ids
God is good!!!!
In THIS aspect he is BETTER than Jordan!
I HATE MOTHS. GET OFF MY PHONE SCREEN AND MY FACE. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Rodney King looks back without anger - CNN
hey twitter people!!
Who's coming out to the show tonight at ? We'll see you there!
Hot cup of Earl Grey...James Farmer would be proud
they were probably the best part...John Belushi and Bonnie Hunt made a pretty funny duo, too.
#TweetYourFavCartoon , Courage the Cowardly Dog ! , the Powerpuff Girls , Dexter Labortary ! <U+2665> ( Cartoon Network ]
I wanna be kissed in the rain<3
American horror stories , here we go , so scary, is delicious!...
I love that LA transit is getting national notice. Can't wait for the day when story hook is no longer "Believe it or Not."
Got clobbered at the #blackjack tables at today. Wifey doesn't seem to mind the hit, so I won't either.
Followers :X ?
Got a order for a sweet green and gold guitar strap today. It's going to be a fun one to make!
RT Every time I ride past Riverside.. I be glad I'm out tht bitch
Fujifilm INSTAX MINI 7S Camera and Film Kit (White) with 5 Twin ...
At the EDC mayoral forum breakfast listening to Carl, Bonnie and Nathan talk about their vision. Thanks NAIOP, EDC & Connect for sponsoring!
Tim Dillard to the minors please
Tackled entire iSchool inbox today: conference scholarships, fellowship opportunities, summer internships, organization listservs... Whew.
lol me too...,but I been good jus been staying busy hows everything wit u
mat text me c:
shame our world is dominated by religion - look at the mess the world is in. Love is all we need!
Me too RT Get me back to LA
Life is not measured by the # of breaths you take, but by the # of moments that your breath away (a2ib4ue) (tgif) Let's get it :-)
I agree with you on that one
you kick ass
Its official these dudes anything
Nothing like I've ever experienced.
To my husband: #Gemini's read 5 books at a time and finish none.
Nice! (though I don't want an Ood purse). Thanks Kath, I'll take a pic of my bag and contact her.
Why is Doctor Drew talking to Tom Hanks?
HUGE SHOUT OUT to this luvie ~~~ :** SHE IS SOO NICE<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> MUST FOLLOW ;***
At UCLA student bar... Like Milledgeville but guys have big arms
Hi-we're a unique local startup and would like to try to help you guys. Pro Bono. If interested, follow and DM me.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
I love you more, k?
if ya mean the gangster he died of a heart attack..age killed him, not bullets...
don't sweat it. I wish he couldve played as well. different ball game if he does. a broken hand is tough to bounce back from
Arabica coffee is by far the most famous variety because of it's smooth taste & aromatic qualities.
I've got the name: Z-Date©!
Oh god. The number of things in my life that I've done for "the story"...
For the next 2 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: FREE BACON SUNDAY W/ THE NFL TICKET!
So sore from crazy workouts lately. Contemplating a very lazy day and getting some chocolate chip pancakes at this morning!
I wish I could play basketball</3
i groups of people who make road blocks on the sidewalk by all walking next to each other..single file please
I'll have links up later today right after my presentation at 4:15
only my computer would stop pooping on me.
Fab Design Tip: Use sun resistant fabrics on a window seat cushion and pillows. There are a number of beautiful options.
We're pretty sure our full grown dog is still a puppy. Someone lied, cause this dog is nuts
I think I will enjoy having in my daily life.
Working hard at the office. I wish I had two of me sometimes. One to work and one to play. My boat is calling my name.
Few cases of eyestrain have been developed by looking on the bright side of things.
Happy BDay s/o to the homie !!
#CentralOnline Get ready to rock this house Central!
actually bad. The weekend???
should be sometime after 1:00, but its raining
Don't talk about it, be about it!
yess fedex form
im going to move out soon:]
Phew! Edited 233 photos down to 20, only 18 more cuts to make until I can post my new headshots! Dragon ink photography is AH-mazing!!!
You niggas Ly like fly without the letter F
I do not like c/o 2015
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana bananas get worse
Parents: Kid-leashes are so DEGRADING! Especially when the kid is disabled, like that one hairy kid I saw with four legs and a tail.
Man Fuck Naw. I'm Hot Af Right Now. You Got A Spot?
I plumb for 's Aim and Ignite cuz of the spark those tunes light. How are Howler's tunes?
Didn't realize there was canned Rochester hot sauce. This changes everything.
yeah the blue jeans are indefensible.
3 reasons for BFing: the milk is always at the right temperature; it comes in attractive containers; & the cat can't get it. ~Irena Chalmers
LoL. Just wouldn't have put you & MK together. Enjoy!
Someone wake me up with breakfast tomorrow. :)
Ok so I was a pizza last night instead of a dog. How the hell do I do that?
We have a special announcement regarding the prizes this year. Stay tuned...
It's not a #college #roadtrip until someone pisses in a bottle
haha, okay I will put something scary in the pool to chase after you ;)
“To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson RT
It's a great night to bring the girls to ! We've got $4 wine, Cosmos, Appletinis & Bungalow juice 'til 7pm!
We're so jealous....sounded like an incredible show! Thanks again for using ShowClix Alexandru! Have a nice weekend
i am giving you a chance to recant that statement...before i go in and delete all the lightbox sized images i made you. :)
ATTN: If you know camera-having people OR people who know how to camera-operate OR edit things they camera-shot, email !
Who is going to Hobby's for lunch today? RT Boiled or Grilled? With or Without? Ketchup or Mustard? Sweet Relish?
That's kinda what I'm thinking too. It's going to be here every day.
my brother did the same thing he is 7 ur pretty
Our Walker's Point neighbor has 1/2 price bottles of VINO all day today (and amazing pizza every day of the week).
oh lol okay (:
if I were cynical, i might say the recession is being induced by those who want a new white president
Yes sir the 2012 Leadership Conference in
haha too good
Does LOYALTY Still Exist? Damn Lol
bitch what's funny lol ...let's go to Denny's again haha
Its as if the universe decided I should own 2day I'm on fire & Love It But I'm reminded the Universe demands Balance, 2morrow could b harsh
Your boyfriend is the one who made a commitment to you. Nobody else did.
Words to live by. If I go broke, it's your fault :P RT : Money schmoney. It's #recordstoreday!
thx for the tweet! :)
: Oh wow. On my way to start catching up with you!!
forget them
lol they really do do u some justice! shoot, wat would we do without them
Monday and cloudy and foggy, if only #Austin will get some rain.
good GOOD MORNING BEAUTIFUL!
Boy: Did it hurt. Girl: (sigh) did what hurt Boy: Breaking through the earths crust ascending from hell Girl:(°_°)
So we're at the skating rink and my wife is freakin because the skates she rented are warm!!!
thanks for creepily staring at me in Grade A last night then leaving before I could find you again.
My mind has not been in a good state today... I couldnt even focus on the court...?
I'm not a part of the family tree i don't think, & having to read all this love makes me upset. Delete my @
Tonight come join us 7pm for the premiere of the second episode
#ThingsIGetAlot your SO CUTE!!
It's 4/15. Don't forget to contribute to your IRA for 2011.
GO FLYERS!!! Another great game.
Is also wondering about obama's podium sign - is there even such a thing as "The Office of the President Elect"? I mean, REALLY?
Seeing is believing . . . unless photoshop is involved.
Proud of developing the submission taking 2nd place for the Richard Goodman Strategic Planning Award 2012, thanks to all the team help
Happy Easter!
Wipes a tear....
. The iPad 2 winner will be drawn Friday at random from all submissions. Creativity is still encouraged.
Do not look to GE, IBM, Microsoft or Verizon for best practices, look to successful, growing small to mid-sized businesses in your industry.
I would love to get together!!!
I think you're mistaken today is not Sperm Donor Day. Sounds like daddy issues to me!
You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
I don't give a fuck what you heard about me
Bitch, you're 12. You should be losing teeth, not your virginity !!! Whats has the world come too o_O
RT Chris Wilcox helps lift the Celtics over Jared Jeffries' Knicks..it's like the 2002 national championship all over again!
its not really broken just over use.
I like you. <3
~Feeling amazing at almost 8 months preggars!! Excited for the arrival of our new lil man!
YAY! and you wear them soo WELL! have a great weekend and thanks :)
#NowPlaying: Doctor Doctor by
so cute
Worth a 4th rd pick for the skins though? Skins need help in others areas/ they got Roy Helu last year in the 4th
Agreed! Best mofongo! RT : Yea you do, it rocks & mofongo every day cc
Your brilliance is your message. Speak it. Live it. Get into it. Have a spectacular #womanifesting week. Let's go!
Ha! You can't hide an AK-47 in a bikini.
RT : I don't worry about KD+Westbrook arguing. I do worry about RW's maturation process - slower than it needs to be.
thanks for the rec!
We hope you ladies are enjoying your concert! Thanks so much for coming in tonight pre-show!!
Thank you for the RT regarding Rush Limbaugh. He and his message are toxic!
Wonder what my baby doin?
how much do you love Alex ? :)
Karma is a bitch and it just so happens that I changed my first name to karma
Preacher man on teevee wants Dyson to give him his wig back
DIL purchased lotion for me. "Udderly Smooth". I laughed even though my "udders" are no more.
Tonight the official low low car show after party goes down inside #GBar!!! Don't miss out...
I can see that because if you wore you would know thy she isn't beautiful however if you must use a word to describe her ...
well said! There aren't shortcuts love the quote
Also, thanks to the staff at You guys really know how to run a show! And thanks to as well.
Preach! RT : Ladies: You don't NEED a man to validate who you are. Instead you should WANT a man to enhance what already exists.
Ever since I updated my app it doesn't show my mentions anymore
Cool opening to the Who!!
awe it's okay love
you aint got no bitches on here?
yeah your mind was on the move. haha surprised you remember all of that usually you forget most dreams when you wake
I hate you. So much.
i noe 11:11 hasn't come i'm tiered gt skool tomorrow. so I GUESS ILL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE IF M WISH WILL STILL COME TRUE <3
thx for the follow!
Romping around San Diego's Balboa Park w/ is Sun therapy at it's best.
Rejoining the 21st century. Apple TV and streaming Netflix. I'll pay you to come over and help us install this.
Netxflix Changing my plan from 12 bucks to 18, but not saying what I'm getting! Hope that means some movies I want get on instant. grrr
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':25
25cent wings, 2 huge NBA games, and Canucks playoff opener! See you at big wangs and then SupperClub
Got GPS Plus yesterday+now I'm driving to auditions listening to voice navigation. Feeling luxe & kinda
and I am loving reading what you are writing about and this #Racers team...!!
don't be so hard on yourself, it's a great song lol
Stuck in Friday rush-hour traffic, but no worries. I'm leaving the driving to Cincinnati Metro!
Never let the Legend grow bigger than the man.
Has baby registry got you feeling overwhelmed?!? Join us for the ABC's of Baby Registry May 19th. Plus take home some amazing gifts. http…
is in a not complicated relationship with an Ice Cold Beer...
Leave you alone? OKAY, no problem :)
Semester over. Time to get to writing.Conceptualizing a study that looks at Korean/Af. Am. interactions in market for hair.
lil girl I was born and raised in columbus hey this chick thinks she's a rapper lmfao
ofc he is.
Dope I will send it over Via Text. If your not local I can do everything over the phone.
I Hate Having ADD , I Can Never Do My Homework . I Get Too Distracted . . /:
Where do you rank peyton on the qb list? Which round (12 team league) would you take him?
I need to find something to do my house is like a fucking prison!!!
#10thingsaboutme I've met Justin bieber 2 years ago. For those who want to meet him, don't lose hope, your day will come soon
Powers out / all electric... I tried Making french press coffee in the shower, but no luck
Funny I was wondering same thing. American idol is so irrelevant.
“: I JUST SHAVED BUT MY ROOM IS FREEZING. WHAT A WASTE OF SHAVING CREAM AND MY TIME” I hate when this happens omgg
Recurly is hiring talented engineers. Check Recurly/jobs. We relocate to San Francisco HQ.
a trying-to-sound-smart error. larger rule: never try to *sound* smart.
Kill me now please
I kinda want my mom to bring food home >_<
Workouts around the world: Top 10 scenic spots for exercising
HOPE U LIKE THIS AND HAV A GRAND 4th OF JULY! <3
Only 2 cool kids on this mufugin' bus!
Hey Everyone's playing ME3 today as they love the series Fix your mistake!
nothing much what's up with you
ambien makes everything better.. actually being able to sleep is the least cool of the awesomeness it contains.
Nothing's weirder than getting into an elevator with Leonardo DiCaprio. I should tell him, "I'm the Kin of the world."
": Not talking to you kills me."
We thank you for the follow!-www.starttheconversations.com
Is that your cat or is my twitter desktop caching an old icon where you have a fuzzy animal around your neck?
Life sucks sometimes...
I seriously need to stop watching infomercials. Each thing is more amazing than the last. Billy Mays could sell you cancer if he wanted.
Women usually end up getting fat, and that scares me.
Yinz need to reactivate your twitter feed...
i still need to receive one more thing, I think xD
Fuck it, u can't even hate. #congrats to for landing a lecture at New York University.
So true!
Sittin here with this dog listening to music. Being
How will BBCOR bats change College Baseball? Maybe shorter gms will mean expanded TV coverage!
I certainly will!
“: Remember Weber held a "funeral" for Bill Self at Illinois? I'm thinking Self will remember when they play next year” Really
Thinking it might be the right time of day to try out "Truffle Brownies" recipe.
welcome logan:)
"And just as you want men to do to you,you also do to them like wise.". Luke 6:31
Omg you're watching spongebob too. I'm watching it right now xD
Congrats to all the 5 underclassmen for declaring for the draft. We love ya. #BBN fan from Portland, OR
Head over to #Fridays for #DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm-1:30am! Music, food, drinks and a great opportunity to mingle!
When your working on a very time consuming project, and everything seems more important than doing that project.
haha I just saw this :)
and i want to thank you because they both r special needs and couldn't speak until they began singing Ur songs so thank you
hey you! How's it going.
GO FIGURE FIRE THE WOMAN! The head of JP Morgan Chase needs to be fired for not knowing what was going on!
you're so kind! We hope we can be worthy enough to be on your iPod someday!
Yep. Body & Soul came on on Tuesday, May 1. :)
We are working on the final design of the Pitt Board
Ive had many interests throughout the years but whether playing or coaching, basketball has always been and always will be my true love
I Want A Strawberry Margarita...
LOL... I will drink less...I know that, and that's a good thing with Steelers on the horizon. Sending my season ticket $ soon.
I'm not doing anything laying down feeling a little sick
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
awesome! We'd be ok with that too :)
Nunez sucks in the outfield! He ran SO slow to that double, and once again, it cost us.
it is both!!!!! haha but we really would make a great tv show haha
I wish you got it. Or someone did. No one does.
the pizza king in mooresville is gross! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
My last tweet was in november
Common Sense & Twitter don't mix. People's ridiculous hate for Bosh blinds any common sense.
The Kingdom of God is within man.
lol i still have last fridays blues then
Damnit, I failed to get #dld2012 tickets because it wouldn't accept my captcha response. Bull shit technology.
Omg, dying.
www.inkscreens.com - Best Screen Printers in the World. (in our opinion :P)
RT : You have to control the experience, or others will control it and let you down. Think Apple &
Thanks For The Help On The Followers Sweetie
To c guys I've dated, married & having babies
On the road to Jersey
MWWC very thin....
Smart man.
Happy Birthday Gil!!! =D
You can't fake this.
Just added a show at the Grapevine this Sunday night 10-2 for the last weekend before they move. Come hang out-BH
I entered 's giveaway
So I was in school and this nigga jus snitched on me
Thanks, Timmy!!
I?ve hardly started twittering, and people are already following me?
thank you(:
blake and nick :) RT : Saying "ew" when you hear someone's name that you don't like.
I always hit "ignore call" when it's ah bill collector
Up at 5:30 AM making gingerbread catfish.
oh. Okay. So sup
haha I know what you mean but still a little weird. I don't look backwards, why encourage it in others?
also, why do all photos on the ipad have to go full screen? if I have a smaller image, why cant it just have a black boarder around it?
If you think your gonna get a tear drop out of these eyes..... Baby think again!!!!!
held my own. A little snuggling & playing. Looking forward to tonights festivities.
We miss your bald head and snarky humor. We care, Grant. We care hard.
absolute gratitude and appreciation.
: well thank you!! It's great to be home! Have a great week as well!
It's getting a little warm out there today. Time to come to Old Sac and cool off with some Ice Cream Hope to see you soon!
Thank the lord! Or else it would be
Have you tried deep water running in a pool? If you can get your arm wet, it could be a good no impact alternative.
I'm so good! How are you? I love your tweets, btw. They make me giggle with joy!
Going to rehearsal!!!
RT : After hearing Jim Irsay call Peyton a "politician," Rob Lowe now reporting that Manning has entered race for Rep. nomin ...
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Ohio!
The Best Ways To Integrate Special Needs Students - NPR
that's going to be so cute!! :D
um. That doesn't make any sense.
Time she fell in love with him. Well that's cool, babygirl, do your thing. Lucky I didn't get jay to drop him from the team."
someone give me singing lessons LOL.
“: Gas is $4 a gallon...biking makes sense ”
.. He's amazing, seriously. So much energy!! #SPACEINVADERS is THE BiZZNASSSSSSSSSSS
As long as the don't pass it to Lebron in the 4th..they should be fine
This is more frustrating than it's worth. I'll catch the reruns tomorrow.
taking your vitamins and saying your prayers has sadly lost all meaning.
man if followed me id fuck a unicorn^u^
been drinking wine all night.. steves gettin us faded. lol
Damn here he go lookin good again
lay your phone flat on its back
Sandwich Emporium is open late till 10pm tonight! Enjoy your weekend!
Have a new appreciation for belly dance after being at Dina in DC all day. Love how everyone embraced their bodies, no matter what shape!
Are you suggesting I'll be fired? Naughty!
ive had hair for quite a while now,its gettin old now
do u think #Oregon gets invited to the big dance? Thoughts on how far they could go w/ the recent success and hot shooting
I cant sleep worth shit!!!
Scoliosis is the devil. Got physically ill today after the deep tissue physical therapy. Im still not seeing straight... :/
Because I'm colder than the others, its what sets me apart.
True. It just makes me think of #90210. Maybe this person is a hardcore fan??
Once we reach 1000 follwers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will give away a prize! Details are coming soon!
I nearly drunk-texted the cunt that slept with my boyfriend after he said he wanted monogamy.
Proms on a Friday, tf.
Picking up at DFW
If you haven't already, please like our facebook page! We are only 14 likes away from 200! :D
xoxo Have a great day!
Jason Bradley has gone mobile, welcome to the new Era!
still too soon. cannot speak of the game that will not be mentioned.
well it was worth having the game on...nice profile pic by the way.
It's almost time for and to dance. Make sure you vote!!
it was great! Loved seeing you and at last night's gala!
Killer 2 hour drum session with my boy havnt played like that in a minute!!!!
Thanks for the info, Lesley! Enjoy the weekend.
my mom said no because she said we already spent too much on prom lol.
Random tidbits after #TecmoVIII....Tecmo V champion Buzzsaw retains highest Win% at 86%...James (skunkerofBIW) reached 30 wins in Madison...
Nap time through the video?
Robert about to catch these hands.
Challenge: When a negative thought enters your mind, think three positive ones. TRAIN YOURSELF to flip the script!
#ProjectBlue includes tier1 features like unlimited expansion, deduplication & thin provisioning right out of the box.
The hottest place on earth is a good show.
um yes
We are having a blast representing my company
Hey follow me cause it's me Zeb!!!
early elections in Israel! *fingers crossed for Kadima*
O.O...nope not creepy at all. :P
My neighbor just got some new teeth & confidently talks to a female stranger. Now he's got his groove back too!
that's awesome I wanna see you in phx but I'm a little on the broke side these days! ;)
It's like this: #GoPanthers. Don't use spaces or it doesn't work.
Went to an old "4CANCER" THRIFT STORES that felt like it gave me cooties w/ 3000 items on a rack smellin' of moth balls! but $1 stuff! wow!
": So nice hanging with ya'll the other day. Thanks for everything! I had a great time." You blew us away! Xoxo!
ASCO conference has officially fucked my Sunday. I can pronounce about a third of the words in these abstracts
WHAT UP CT?
Listening to
the entire city smells that way!?
Ugh! Dumb lady didnt stop and hit her car into our bus.
New record...it took three hours to get home from work.
I have spread my dreams beneath your feet. Tread softly because you tread on my dreams
Best advice, in general, be specific about what you want for your sound. We can't read minds but we listen well + do what you ask
please do!!
#ForbesOnFox wake up and im still thinking $$$$$$$$
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
RT : RT : i'm so excited to be recording my first radio show with todd oldham today! details here, tune in live at 12pm
just hangin with my bro Postal today. needed a brother to talk at..
happens to the best
hahahaha, hipsters have serious love for pbr...
All these tweets and statuses about people being on Summer vacation already are preventing me from getting any work done.
There is enough time to update social media pages but not me.
Let us determine to die here, and we will conquer.
Alright... Last excited tweet (for now) I'm just so thrilled that is starting our #wudmusic season. Such a happy beautiful night.
- wow - there really is NO WAY for that NOT to sound stalker-ish! :/
Perfect spring day :-) yard work here we come!
ok i'll meet you in between 12 and 12:30 and i hope you have your charger lol
I'm in twitter jail :'(
is wondering whether or not she's "Tweeting!"
Now what your going to say. Sitting there stuck cause its true.
#prettylittlethings ... finalizing poster designs.
#smash was Amazing!!!!! Katherine McPhee!!!
Hes a GUY. He doesnt understand Dawn like i can. She wants a future like idk...the MINE music Video! Love & marriage! She deserves that!
I like your new picture:) stop being so cute please?
Walkers ad. Don't let Barrett take us back. Back to what? Creating jobs?
Word. That track is a killer.
. it depends on the quality of the pool. Old pools that need work done to them can sometimes cost more than a new one.
what is your user name? I will take a look. Also make sure you have location turned on
I love just dance 3 (:
Its KINDA racist, but I consider mexican bands the scum of the earth. its just annoying and gross to me for some reason
I thought I took it out. We'll do a mail trade.
I just lol'd at that convo.
hi i never got a email from you about making money using my twitter acct ? also lookat swom.com letme?
Cool; thanks for sharing.
oh and yoox is marking down to 80% - really?
New computer; new company name; almost ready to launch :)
Spoke with short sale negotiator today...moving forward!
Did that really just happen?
I'll see if bob and corey wanna play
cuz your moms a smart lady that's why!
idk but we gotta do something fast or its gonna be another long season
Don't miss me too much :P
B/C I follow and they let me know about #DCMeatWeek I have just signed up my whole office for all u can eat brisket.
Having an amazing time !!
love you.
COME ON YOU GUYS COME TURN A TABLE WITH US
That Toronto loss on Sat hurts even more now
just started today and I love it!! Thanks for watching!
Sadder problems in #SunlandPark: recently eight children have had to be removed from homes there—due to neglect—from squalid rooms—drug use.
Sometimes I think the chance for love has passed me by...
Happy Thanksgiving
“: Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me?”
IF U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW & xD
Seize the throne! Seize the mantle!
And, in #SnowFlowerAndTheSecretFan by , when Lily thinks Snow Flower has broken their laotong pact.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake um..even though girls aren't supposed to take guys i'd take it wouldn't happen:/
And Papelbon gets the save
Good morning lovers! <U+2764>
"How's this? Think you can do it now?"
that's good stuff
I'll be gloomy but send that rainbow to me and my shadows will fly :3
Oh close minded is for the weak man...music is music as long as it's not Country or Western....blech on that shit.....
SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUT OUT??!
Seeing your stickers everywhere- thats awesome.
It was finally looked at 5 mins ago. Batteries need to be changed; exactly what I said was wrong. On Monday.
